Yeah, maybe a rack of lamb isn't enough. Ice cream and a beer, too, and he'll beat that throw.
Im on vaca new new shit next week RT : Start this sunday off right checking out what's new on 's Village Slum site.
Heck, train wrecks are always fascinating.
now thats what im talking about…a sports talk at #SXSW2012 with and
being ignored explains every dam thing
haha not sure what post youre talking about but THANKS! :) howre you
Day turns to night, night turns to whatever we want We're young enough to say \o/.
she was flirting then said to Dean she need a break then went with another guy
I'm putting in my official request for Betty to follow me. #Dreambig (
Shop local, support artists, BUY art! Come #downtownlv for #firstfriday! #fflv. Check out the MIKEL PATRIK art
STOP SAYING THE NAME MICHAEL!!!! It is my name, i bought it. good thing my last names not World Peace or I would just go insane.
Economic illiteracy is the biggest threat to this country.
The Jossey-Bass booth is open for the expo-- we'll be here until 12:30pm! Swing by booth
yea pretty much u have to take it to computer store and they will fix it it
Why are you being so mean?
Outnumbered at the locker room with and some lames without twitter
TODAY: Turning sunny. HIGH: 71. FRIDAY: Sunny and warm. HIGH: 73. SATURDAY: T'storms, esp. in the PM. HIGH: 70. SUNDAY: Shower. HIGH: 61
RT : US far outstrips China in arms sales to dictators; U.S. provides 78% of weapons sold to dictators around world.
: How's my feed? How's your feed? How's you? :)
Oh Michael, you just made my day perfect.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. ~ Albert Einstein
HANDS UP!!! PRAISE JESUS! AMEN! I LOVE JESUS!!..
Roger that
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
No problem! (; RT : That's awesome to know! Social Media is a major qualifier. Thank for being my LA Gurl!!!!
Why is this situation so difficult?
Tweeting while relaxing in this water
You think your the shit, BUT YOUR NOT!
Cowboys on Thursday is the New spot.
Retweet this for a chance to win FREE Tickets to see us open for #Fuel at June 15th
Aw thanks! I'm honored. Tell her I say a special woof just for her.
I have to leave thiss house!>.<i was Gona go to my friends bday party buh its mothers day I have to spend time wit my mom on a day like dis
it was an honor to serve the Duck.
...they aren't in Boston
you better do it
Gorilla zoe
I wish I had my iPod right now I'm super bored
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 29
RT RT : Even w my buddy Jimmy Norton on this morning, you could still never get me to listen to Wease, bro. Never.
thanks for the RT
I'm regretting not going skiing with you guys :(
I hope you school on #WordFeud before you take a hiatus (maybe will take him on in your absence).
I was there last time ALA was in Anaheim. It's a good location. Most things are walkable (conv. cntr. included).
Great weather for those traveling to DC for the NACUA Workshop tomorrow - 50's and sunny, and continuing through the weekend!
Like us on Twitter? Love us on Facebook! #PDX #Taxi www.broadwaycab.com for the link!
oh hell yeah!! Bacon ice cream anyone??
Haha! I walked an hour or 2 to get there last Saturday talk about exercise :P
not gonna lie i miss the shit out of you
An FBAR ,TD F 90-22.1, may need to be signed by both spouses.
very soon.. only another month
President Taft was a graduate of Yale and a “bonesman” and the only former president to serve as Chief Justice of The Supreme Court
right metric? i guess that'd be ticket sales then, eh?
sparce crowd here at Bradley Center..I'll be interested to see what the #bucks announce
Just watched country strong , a sad but good movie !
Best subtitle quote tonight about the main rowdy: "He is beating with a new style."
sounds genius...don't bring presents, bring something delicious!
Baylor and the neon dream move on
who was #1? Should be Packers get Reggie White.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Wishing you a wonderful holiday filled with good food and great company! :)
Next Level Marketing: People buy memories and moments; they do not buy stuff, or things or products. Lisa Ann - American Wedding Project
I love that book. I recommended it to 2 different people this week.
You are so right - and it seems the US is the only place fighting them kick and screaming. Do it!
“: enjoying a delicious ” sounds delicious!
I want chocolate cake now
Also while shaving or doing dishes.
Cant wait until this day is over!!!!!!!!!!!
Its a hard knock life
": Saying "RELAX" is maybe the least relaxing word you can say to someone" don't tell me to relax!
Yup! RT : Thank you President for being an equality champion for ALL Americans! Marriage is about love, not gender.
Off to Montana to backpack in Glacier Nat'l Park. Armed with my #Leica D-Lux and mace for the Grizzlies!! I'll have some fun pix to share!!
Get the Big Hongo. You're gonna love it!
crap. rumors that the iPad is getting smaller. so no hope for a MaxiPad.
Hope all is well, Little Sis is doing big things back home! Everyone like Colton's new page! God is doing something big here!!!
What's in your head
good morning Tweetsville!!! Off to work. Have a great day!!! Happy Mother's Day Weekend!!
hey there i really enjoy ur music I'd love to do a photoshoot of your band
#HardRockRising Battle of the bands come #seetheshow as round 2 2nite 4 bands 9pm 21+ Donation at door for Make-A-Wish
RT! ": I love NICKI new song"
Ha! You guys are too funny. Some of those librarians are frighteningly stylish...others, not so much
Working out wit da fam at edge fitness
It is always good to be back in California. Thanks to everyone who came out and saw us with this time around.
bizarre foods ! go andrew
It was nice having a relationship with my mom while it lasted
": Crab cakes everywhere...Tony Montana"
We are locally family owned with over 15 years of Industry experience
I want scrambled eggs -_-
#CHILDREN 's matinee today features a postshow talkback with the cast and crew. Stick around after for a chat on the terrace!
wow if only all guys felt that way
nice! much appreciated. great list, too.
. Thx for thinking of us! Our students will be so grateful!
Happy mothers day. :)
ah when is Austin song gonna go on again :] #Waiting #SaySomethin <3
Finding myself really relating to Steve Moakler today.
I MISS YOU TOO<3 i havent talked to you inforevver ):
ok just seem like you do
Got certified in Turbo Kickboxing today! I am completely exhausted but so happy about kicking butt today.
don't judge! I dont eat sweets like that. Lol Brett was shocked too. Lmfao
Waiting for Justin to get home so he can kiss me good sleep. <3 HOPEFULLY tonight is better than last.
I think I do too, don't feel bad lol
happy birthday bro!
"to the last I grapple with thee; from hell’s heart I stab at thee" - Ahab had his whale,I have fucking radicals and exponents
That does it for the main stage! Our awesome DJs are going til 2. Thanks for all the support you guys! We had a blast and hope you did too.
People need to stop me from watching documentaries about Jonestown before going to sleep
is not to be truffled with.
*txt* thanks...
Ha! I'm always stalking her 24/7! She's got some amazyn tweets.
yes spin seats takes some adjusting but u could always get a gel seat cushion
DID YOU EVEN HEAR A WORD I SAID?!?!
I DO I DO I DO I DO I DO
Ready for another great day of good ol' Army recruitment.
A priest performing Jesus's wedding ceremony would probably fumble his words a lot and it would be awkward. So I dunno lol.
Springfield, Oregon was the first U.S. city to have anti-gay legislation in its charter c/o Lon Mabon, in 1992.
You are the new generation and the inspiration of people. Michael Jackson left his legacy and spirit as reincarnation JB LOVE
Pickup Line: Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac's.
Keep fighting!
I was dying when my mom sent me that because I just pictured her running through the dance place, blonde hair flowing, naked lol
eh, what? Good thing I don't have any post it notes then!
We do not supply child seats, but if you want to bring your own, we would be happy to help load it up.
www.Flipcups.com is selling all new product like the beer cowboy hat baseball cap. ALSO the The sickest product yet, the cooler scooter
what an adorable startup! does he have a biz plan yet or just alpha product testing the market? enjoy the adventure.
Can't Wait To See #Thewomeninblack Tomorrow!!:D
Thank me now cuz later might be to late
haha or we can be room mates and share girls
SXSW fun continues. Sick flight crew means I'm in a shuttle to San Antonio to catch a flight home.
im so excited ahh! well i think a hotel ball room would be alot of fun too since it will be bigger riight?!
Agreed just saw the trailer again RT : Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter looks not only awesome but entirely historically correct
Counting down the days till the #bachelorette 🌹💗💍💎💋
WHAT CHANNEL?????
The Cards and...it pains me to say it but probably the Sawx.
Finally finished my coding for today... I'm beat
Haven't seen our new trailer? Come check it out. It's bigger and better than ever! It also brought with it some new menu items!
I like reading your tweets cus its nt every day a person to be charged with manslaugter/2nd degree murder yaps so much but.
So the L.A. Angels have been playing Chelsea Dagger after home runs? Pretty sure that's illegal. Don't tell the Hawks.
2 ANY PERSON FRIEND FOE OR INDIFFERENT WHOS EVER HATED ON ME OR TALKED SHIT ABOUT ME 4 SIMPLY TRYIN 2 SQUARE MY LIFE AWAY KISS MY ENTIRE ASS
coinkydink me thinks not
I will. In fact, we have our TWT conference at the end of the semester with some very innovative projects. More soon.
U should really follow nd his other account
I love old people and little kids haha they are halrious
no problem! I'm glad I went. I look forward to presentations!
On the ground in smoggy Los angeles!
Microsoft said to its staff: "Don't buy #Apple #Mac & #iPad". I don't know what i should say.
That's a tough round to score, think I gotta go Nunez for the big shot
good good thanks I just posted .. lol just on the grind .. sharpening the striking .
can't make this one but I'm there for the next one!!
A GREAT start to the day :) but Wednesday is gonna be a long one!
They're all just sitting around w/their thumbs up their asses & making Kobe do all the wk while he's half-dying. SMDH
Chilling :D
She's got it out for me but I wear the biggest smile
'What state are we in, Daddy?' 'The State of Limbo, sweetie.' KS VA still, mid PM
the idea/people/conversations were great. Just wrong questions for someone like myself (essentially indie dev trying to break in).
Slash's book is good. Ozzy's is an interesting read (esp. the early parts). Read 'em all for a current project.
- Aww Ty dolls! Email me pls, would love to have you collaborate on this fun music video! xox!
The Revenge edit though
This is gonna be one long month!
Omg just text me please. I can't stand not talking to you but you said you need space
Shirts are in. Will be on site soon :)
My Facebook friends are really not my friends but just associates who just like things I just post
let me know, and we should chill soon. It has been to long
If Sandusky's lawyer had visited Bob Loblaw's Law Blog even once, he'd do something instead of sitting there silently.
Break legs on callbacks gang! See yinz on Tuesday!
Idk Why But My Bed Feels Extra Good Right Now ..Time For A Nap
If I said i was perfect I'm be lying, but if there's something I'm not doing boy I'm trying, boy I'm not angel, but I'm not so bad
I hope to be there!
That's how we know it's time for the ol country fastball.
I know man. They suck and we still winning. They gotta work on that. They need to trade Ochocinco for some defense
oh my gosh I miss you too! have been extremellllyyy busy! haven't been able to get on in forever!
#quotes A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on.
Is his eardrum, on his fifty he be like "What? I can't hear you." lol
-- knee mail for protection
#injo Shahira Amin, Egyptian Nile TV deputy head and senior correspondent, speaking from Egypt
Come to web crit room at 10 to pick at 2-wk-old website + and
Isn't that May article great?
our bad.
See our "Exclusive Coupons" category for all our new free gift promo codes. Be sure to enter yours during check out!
I just want an endless supply of wine and beer. I can enjoy being mellow and listening to music.
Tlk to everyone round me but never directly towards me.... Hm
My voicemail recording is me humming the entire "99 bottles of beer on the wall" song, to ensure no one leaves me a message.
Thank you NJ for the
square goose eggs !
If you wanted to be sneaky you should have made sure I didn't know your online banking password
Hoops yeah!!!
RT - The New England Patriots are unstoppable
My style is impetuous my defense is impregnable I'm just ferocious I want your heart I wanna eat his children praise be to Allah!
Instigator. *pops you on the hand* that was a direct shot. I'm sure they felt it. RT : who?
Thanks for your great story on ATTIK LA. However, the account will still be serviced from the SF office.
YEAH BABY!!!'
I'm the best Aisnworth child except for Jubie....
loving the constant updates. Wish all beat writers were this detailed.
You'v not allowed your present distress to strengthen your soft spot, you've let it make it softer.
Dear MacDowell, I am so excited to be seeing you soon. Love, Alix
Warehouse opening will be sometime in April. If you would like to pick up something at the new warehouse, it is appt only
ha I get that alot !! lmao
Let's cuddle(:
Steeltown Film Factory submission deadline is on 12/31/09! Get your scripts in soon via www.steeltownfilmfactory.org!
Thanks! We'll make it happen, and since you're in #RVA, request us on !
Here we go! Your songs, Your countdown! The #Hi5at9 is on! Did you vote?
the more u give, the more u receive!
Jennifer, great meeting you at #styleX yesterday, let's chat again soon
2009 Spellbound Petite Sirah $11. Great cherry flavor, color nice medium red, coats tongue softly but not much finish. Ribeye & asparagus.
I Love You. I Love You. I Love You. I Love You. I Love You... OH! Did I Mention that I LOVE YOU! ♥
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without.
Selling Marlins @ Mets tix for this weekend on Mother's Day! Msg me!
Lifting with the Hamner
sometimes I forget to fast-forward thru the commercials when watching TiVo
you'll feel better soon! :)
One positive about HPV Vaccine controversy- Awareness! Proud supporters of
Accomplishing the impossible means only the boss will add it to your regular duties.
i got the gift card ! :D
way to go Keith! Keith Kreuer Principal at RedHouse Associates LLC will be a celebrated entrepreneur at
#Chicago givin it to #Miami that's how it's done!! #Bulls vs
I appreciate it nonetheless. Fingers crossed.
Getting my train tracks today lol as Calls braces!
is one of the guys I want my players to watch when Minn is on tv...fierce competitor, the kind of passion that is rare these days
I love your name
Welcome to our Motives Team!!!
not yet. i'll go look
Mission accomplished
Can I hit it in the mornin, sun rising while ya moanin..
#HateWhenPeople Beat Around the Bush. Get to the point and quit wasting my time.
Sippin' on Maccallan listening to camp. Both are smooth.
can't go wrong with that. happy tuesday. :)
HOPEFULLY BENCHING 300 BY SPRING BREAK...
Thanks so much all of those who attended "Private Eyes" by #TheatreByTheBlind ... Thanks to you it was a huge success!
it was really heavy, picking it up was the hardest but holding it I think the excitement took over :)
Good morning world.
No #school no #work love weekends like this LOL! Wish they would come more often
it's tough to come up with a good groundhog joke
Met Rick Santorum at a private, small event today. Impressed by his authenticity &amp; humbleness. Not sure who I&#39;m voting for 3/24.
Where has the time gone?
Happy new year of the dragon, everyone! We have prepared a delicious song for you. Stay tuned for a surprise!
Yep. RT : Romney on top of his game tonight. Not only well-prepped but delivering the lines with aplomb
Thanks for the hook up today!! I am looking forward to what we can all do together!
I seriously have to stop watching life time movies.
It seems I have an ability to take wonderful pictures of other people in their happiest moments.
Good day! Dinner made with fresh herbs from our new sunroom garden; all 3 dresses I ordered actually FIT & don't need to be sent back!
What's with all the comments on the web site? spam?
Yaaaay!!! I just ordered 12 boxes of computer paper!!! Now I HAVE to get a printer!!! or crayons or pencils or markers or paint or gl
Dont sit on your kids!!! lmao
just doin your job
It's not really a maneuver at the moment...It's more of a gesture
I wanna play some freaken country dance wtf
I ate like crap the day before and I lost 2 pounds. What the deuce.
Allergies are running WILD today...... My eyes feel like marshmellows, so puffy! #yaymonday ;)
Wow...Good for you bud! And great location for it! too!
Lmfao at pouring a whole cup of whiskey:)
super stuff!
Driving to Glen Ellyn. ETA 8:18 PM using Waze - Drive Social
oh my goodness your SO good!!!! I hope you win!!! :D
Yes i am Jesus. How may I be of assistance?
Phone on ten % and dont have no charger caz i left it over my friend house Fffffffffuuuuuuuccccckkkkkk!!!!!!!
Call us now we might have an opening RT“: RSVP me a table next to the stripper pole !!!!”
RT Just cone back from fitness / so tried!!
#libmade ideas for programming: borrow-a-bot, community creation lab, takeapart thursdays!
RT : If businesses decide to consolidate multiple social media profiles, be careful to not lose track of what ppl signed up...
Going to Aldi on Chicago/Kedzie to purchase something delicious, hamburger buns, cheese, lean lunchmeat and nonfat yogurt. Yeah! ;)
Let's go time to show out two more weeks
not me.
Drake has such a sick flow
Meeting my dad and his girlfriend later at Ethiopian Diamond! Excited to talk to her about being a short woman in a male-dominated field.
can I say I've found everything I've read by Walter Benjamin underwhelming? (Illuminations: most; Arcades: small parts). I'm really trying
I had the same thought.
Come and join us for a nice and cozy Saturday night! When the weather is doubtful remember that Salute it the coziest spot in town!
You are welcome. Just keep the faith and know that God will never leave you nor forsake you. He has everything under control.
Does anyone have video proof of Spontaneous Combustion ?
#IndieMusic MP3: Jump the Shark – “Under the Gun”
Apply your individual pack of Patrick's Sunscrren at the pool before sipping on your margaritas!
is it not normal to FaceTime with family pets?? Plus, you know my mom can't resist using technology for everything!
you only get one first impression and with the blue clay they messed that up for sure!
Hahahahahaha that's awesome!!! Where do you live?
| Thanks for the follow!
Everytime i see avi the D jumps
There is never enough time in the day
sounds like a gentleman who knows the finer things. Congratulations.
Haha Come On Now!!!
Please follow me! ♥
I might be going parklife for a day, to see crystal castles and azealia. Let me know when she's playing club academy :P
Ayy you know me😉
Still feeling sad about losing my sister she passed away from cancer Dec 27 at 10:15 pm 2011
when they say every thing is bigger in Texas, dose that mean the spiders are to?
Its Mr Count My Fuckin Money Backwards
hi!! you made my night by following me :-)
he didnt seem interested when she was talking to him, and she was trying to lie and say she was a sophomore ha
Timber!!!!!(wolves) in a Michigan City. That was a stretch. Get well dude.
DoJ indicts 11 owners of PokerStars, FTP, and Absolute. At least I withdrew a bunch of my roll recently to pay taxes.
I like my music loud. Real loud.
Totally underwhelmed by the Super Bowl national anthem.
Cheers to that! Hope you're having a great morning!
good look bro.
Omg that YA fantasy book I was telling you about features a flock of talking pigeons!
Pillsbury® Celebrates National Contest Winner For Sharing A Special, Everyday Baking Moment
Congrats n any other #Chelsea supporters good game gave me reasons to bag on my desk & flip out office
wow wheres my call???
Lol at with the #BigLebowski reference
Sometimes all it takes to start a band is a good name. "John Cougar Melatonin". There, we've got you half the way there!
so paige my friend kinda bailed on me for friday so im going to bamboozle alone. FIND ME
sweet. I will let you know. Cannot wait!
LOL. DONT & ME. I BEEN ASKIN U 2 #FOLLOWBACK U BEEN IGNORING IT. I LIKE UR TWEETS I JUST WANT A #FOLLOW FROM U.
Giving up on my overlock for the night. May need to call someone in on this one, b/c I'm not a skilled mechanic. Mango smoothie therapy!
Q-6 What would your marriage look like if you considered dh better than yourself?
Went to PoeFest yesterday with my pal Lawannah, my Rite of Exorcism co-star.
sure go to the profile tap on the picture it should come up. I don't have pictures on my phone I upgraded last week.
8 players left 6 get paid once again getting crucified for not paying bubble/final table. I think I'm 6 of 8.
RAGE wins a nomination in the Hollywood Music In Media Awards for Best Original Score - Video Game!
I get that, but why all the DMs telling me who uses it? To entice me to use it too? I agree with you about it though.
who are your favorite kids clothing designers (especially for girls i have 3)
Happy BDay to my big bro!!!
well keep looking
#youknowImhome when I take forever to reply to your text messages lol
Only 3 days left until the #1 pet related event of the year! Austin at the Domain this Saturday starting at 10! Come out!!
haha maybe the luck is reversed now
Happy Labor Day everyone!! The Capital City Dance Team and the Austin Toros family wish you a safe holiday!!
hello AJ love your work!!
sweet! Let's submit it!
Hate Halloween cause i cant dress up who i wont 2 be cause mom and dad just had to pick it while i got something better but no
Rain coming down like someone turning on a faucet in central Denver.
learning to trust in divine providence:)
Welcome all the new romance and YA novelists now using my Writing A Great Script Fast Workshop for story structure. Free YouTube classes.
It's like were switching places..safe travels brothaaa RT : At the airport headed to NYC...
Oh man, you're tellin' me. I think I'm in the teens somewhere.
It's super easy. Upload pics, add text, choose music, and it puts it all together for you. Free 30 sec videos on their site.
Man I been certified
It's incredible how heavy the rain is!!! Hold on!!! this new band is pushing through!
If you are going to spam, at least tweet it. Don't send these annoying S messages that say have you lost weight in this picture?
having the worst day everr *->BaByDoLL<-*
DOTD ATL kicks off in a few! Come check out the goods! Come buy all the Beverly Lane goods!
Yay naked ppl lady bugs n khalula cake! Face till tr world Ends! Rock on
Sex and the City 2. I freaking adored it. It was like seeing old friends. Made me miss you !
what time management strategies do you use?
agreed...happy for him, he seemed delighted....but we do love our Irish George from Cincinnati!
yes we would. Sounds like fun.
and bitches love hookah. smoke hookah.
RT provides stylish, quality HBCU-themed apparel, and supports the national HBCU community. Shop at www.hbapride.com
Love sunny days <3
Happy Brew Year! Try using our secret discount code: brewyear50 when placing an order on www.brewcityonline.com
I See Chachi :)
ha, just saw that.
our wonderful president was known for cocaine and marijuana use..mitt could not have done anything worse than that.
I GOTTA HAVE MY CAKE AND EAT IT 2! OH! U AINT KNOW? DATS WHY I GRIND DA WAY I DO!
Free Faculty Horn & Harp Recital, 8PM IUP/Cogswell. Also @ IUP, 6 O'Clock Series: "The Real Gidget Story" & Broadway Backwards AIDs benefit.
not good!! Too bad Starbucks isn't right next door!
My 14 years old sister has a beautiful friend omg i feel like caroline idec
Free pancakes at Ihop today when you make a donation to Shriners Hospitals for Children.
MKE kite fest.
I've been screaming for it all season. The kid is a QB for crying out loud!
you like to workout?
Jim Faubion: "I don't know, do *you* walk around feeling like the world has been flattened into an eternal present?"
Good morning!
Ctfuu , Sure Ya Did . She Wanted That Hair Tho lol
Mocha Joe's is putting on their first concert of the New Year tonight! You do not want to miss out!
Thank you so much inventor of the headphone for creating a means of drowning out the drivel of boring people.
Why am I even here....
um, recipe please?!
You can't fix something that's not broken and you can't brake something that is true and meant to be human nature always takes its course.
Connecticut Governor Considering Online Gaming
I'm sure! So are you from Charleston?
Vegas here we come! 10 little bottles of liqour should get us through this flight...
why thank you!
Might be time to start partying with the Secret Service...
Elate's Steak and Eggs --- braised short rib / potato cake / béarnaise
awe:( sister!!! I'm sowwy! But I wove you MORE! ♥
I took a canning class once. It was intimidating.
I think it's going to be Alex.
You thought I was brutal the other day? Good thing it wasn't me they reprimanded. CC
This Friday The New Hot Spot Is "Saga" Video Mixing The Best Music Vj Mystik $1 Drinks b4 11 $2 Butlight $2 StarFuckers All-Night Get Th ...
Found a new place in Seattle to watch the Pats!
Haircut Time!!:]
Or Department of Beerland Security. You could set the threat level to Stout.
Hello! So lovely to run into you here! :)
Basketball Trivia When and who played the first college basketball game?
he already promised when we see each other I can put my fingers in his dimples. I've already ran into him but to shy
It's 5 o'clock somewhere... just not here. So ready for the weekend!
If you do not have your own goals for success you will always work for those that do!
i did hurted to be dramatic!
social network product roadmap: [P0] klout score column sorting [P1] quora score column [P2] turntable.fm dj ranking. [P6] more granularity?
looks like I'm about to take a crash course in German!
Seriously neglecting my twitter people. I need to get on this and get back to doing #FF and talking to people.
Tip 5: Avoid proprietary or “home grown” development platforms. Mainstream software development platforms often have considerable...
Well, at least the #Celtics won.....
#Caution Is Facebook stock a fad? You see what it's done to Zynga's share prices. How long until the next big thing comes along?
Is there any artist that can tell me who is #167 on Top 200 and what they sold this week? I will give $200.00 right now
don't forget pick up Love and Death new ep 'Chemicals' featuring Brian 'Head' Welch
im starving. i dunno what i wanna eat.
I'm gay
I can't wait till she backstabs you, cause when she dose I'll be there for you and you won't even know I've been there the whole time
She Sucked On My Bodi Like A Sour Patch Candy lol
but its only preparing us for what we got coming
Sittin on the stoop, enjoying the sun.
I definitely thought you were joking when I first saw this tweet. Then I started crying...
For sure.
i just followed back everyone that followed me.
Real ball players wear black nikes
DeKalb County is just outside of Atlanta, which sits in Fulton County where I'm sure it's ok to do other crazy ish.
Thank you. It is difficult to select a favorite dessert. So many choices....
Will you let me be the judge of that?
dLisalregan Nice to meet you too, Lisa!
I GOT THE TICKETT SJDAHFASJHFAS IT WAS JUST A REGULAR ONE BUT WITH GOOD SEAT A
a washed-up has-been before his prime.
Whats good fam?? How u been?
Its a shame when you get on twitter just to see wht I'm saying smh get a life
+1 RT Congrats to all seniors graduating! Thanx to all my friends in & you'll be great.
I voted for u love your work...I hope u win!!!
They're calling for snow in parts of Europe this weekend. That's gotta be better than all this wind and rain...right?
shot for me an amazing cover Austin:) follow me please!<3
I'm really beginning to hate the word "swag".
I havent been on twitter for a long time. Tweet me! :D
I like to sign off on my laptop by hammering out the intro to Beethoven's Sonata #5 but I don't think anyone else gets it.
of course! Just spoke with her. Redelivery planned for tomorrow. (fingers crossed)
"..he knew how to keep Christmas well, if any man alive possessed the knowledge. May that be truly said of all of us!"
Duh! “: omgz i LOVE my intern. Want to have a romantic lunch date?”
these parents better get back soon so I cann rage with my ladies 🎉🎉
Just saw my schedule for my senior year XD
Why did I wake up and think it was a summer day..?
I got 3,595,978 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. :D :D
2 more reviews readied. 1 is the most glowing thing I've written for you, the other is the meanest. Enjoy! Will need more soon!
they going to come back and win
Just saw X-men first class, amazing moive
ohh and he's all man more man than ull ever dream of being!!!
unveiled a "Deals & discount" widget that will launch at the end of the month - ex. of much needed revenue innovation.
i got get home luv gn bye
with a farmer tan ;)
Hi from EA glad to meet you!
Nissan reveals more data and users of EV Leaf: We had known the details of an initial market survey it had conduct
its ova wit
I haven't forgotten. We'll make this work some morning.
If you are too drunk or tired to deal with seeing Hitchcock's 'North by Northwest' tonight, you always have SaTURDay and Sunday.
Done..Follow
yeaaaaaaahhhh. Fail indeed.
dats what's up, Wheneva u need me 2 get on something let me know or emal me @
Timbers Game!!!
You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don’t do too many things wrong. – Warren Buffett
bet lets do it....
like I tell u I stay ready
Been reading the Entrepeneurs toolkit by Harvard Press. Grt info!
Do you own a vacation home? If so, where? #Maryonthesquare, #Rittenhouse Square
Headed to #Dreamworks to sing for #StephenSchwartz again who was on #ProjectRunwayAllstars. Love my life.
Punctuality is overrated
I hope you received mine OK, sometimes large files go to spam so I always like to make sure.
It's a Nikken water filtration system. pretty tight
remembers Schwern fondly. he is near, but fails to disclose his phone number to locals who wish to feed him and offer hospitality
Thanks everyone for the birthday messages. I feel lucky to have shared my first 30 years with such thoughtful, inspiring individuals.
can't sleep : ( mumford and sons put me to sleep please :)
I just got misty eyed lol lol
To GOD BE THE GLORY for 20 young people making decisions to follow Jesus last night!!!
that's why I like it. And I stole the trivia idea ; )
Intrigued by name: "Summer Night Market" :) RT : It's about 40 minutes by public transit, 20-30 by car.
glad you're having fun ...
Westchester's Harrison: Place to Think Big Harrison, N.Y., is nestled in a woodsy section of Westchester County surrounded by golf course
Congrats to Coach Lucia and on their win tonight!
are there still spots open if I send an email now?!?!?!
On my way to , let's have some fun!
thanks for all the kudos!!
That 70 Show Is Getting Kind Of Old... -____-
iShop for Valentine's gifts. 53.8% of tablet owners will use devices to purchase products and 41.1% of smartphone owners will do the same.
it's going to so embarrassing, we had single once of just us!
Rick Rubin is entering Rasputin territory
Damn. The cowboy bar that used to visit for a good laugh went out of business. Now where do I go while she gets her nails did?
it's not dumb but it is stating the obvious.
If you are a #wedding planner in the #Seattle area, I'm happy to provide you with Where to Eat Guides for your out of town guest baskets.
Sure, I design interactive museum exhibits and would be happy to review Museums @ Play. Any chance of securing a copy?
I did Dr.Jones lol you tried to play me on the world wide twitter hahahahaha....
IF I DON'T SEE THIS VIDEO IN THE nEXT 5 MIN SOMEONE IS GETTiNG A HAMMERFIST TO THA DOME!!!!!!! Ah
Thank you for housing our little adventure tonight! Break a leg, and watch out Nashville! We just got started.
I hate when bums do drugs and listen to dub step in my house
I wanna cme to germany :-))
Oh God, Potash. Please don't show us. We don't give a shit.
My broken heart began to beat. When the King of Heaven spoke aloud... It is finished!
trans siberian railroad trip on lernide zarin gold was the best. moscow, siberia, mongolia and beijing was a trip of a life time. try it.
“ “ "I'm just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her." - Jennifer Aniston to everyone””
Atleast I only have to take two of the semesters :)
Feelin' good; just finished participating in 2011 County Coastal Clean-up; reminds me of my Girl Scouting Days
Good work from on the house rules. That smooth radio voice is about to get raspy!
Charge of Discrimination must be filed w EEOC within 180 days from date of alleged violation, to protect the charging party's rights
Hi Nick<3
2012 Masters Champion! Rolling in the General Lee down Magnolia Lane
RT The only job where you start at the top, is digging a hole. - Anonymous
The way a man plays a game shows some of his character. The way he loses shows all of it.-- Author Unknown
trying to stay away from it in the am hours...but it is almost noon now! hm
happy birthday to the greatest woman in the world, my mom :) ❤
hold up hold up hold up WOH THERE let's capture this moment .....
Maybe you're actually trapped in a Madeleine L'Engle book and don't know it.
This looks like one of the many games this year where C's will get all their misses-out in 1st half...
Hard to be discreet with hundreds of people around, unfortunately
The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from therm ;-)
I LOVE U MWA:*
Alantic City was very good to me last week
big money everybody ain't able
Always Ready
stupid ass shower curtain fell....sista complain bout how its lopsided....lol if it is got fix it ur damn self...#pissed off
I had Apple Jacks, in the same boat with you...
Tumblr > Twitter > Facebook.
Happy b-day 300 my nigga
i love you.
Raining day?!! Need a cozy spot to have a galls of wine? Salute is a legendary wine bar where you can have lunch, dinner and late bites!
Please tell ABC that I would watch you two eat hay so they do not need to remind me about Scandal every break.
So many theater openings tomorrow night in Philly!!!
Yum! Date soon ♥
I didn't know anyone else was a contender RT: Everybody get ready to vote for on tonight!!!!!!!!!
Spurs have Derrick Byars, now -- they don't need any of those other guys.
Wa I wish Niall would fit in my twitter icon, but he doesn't! Stupid twitter cropping Narry out of my photo )':
whew! Glad I took care of the subscription yesterday. The segment on sports team names was excellent.
Almost 600 followers. Who can help me out?
RT : At times like these I'm extremely glad I work It's really is one big family. <#Word!>
RT Hungry and stressed? Take your pick from these 34 healthy de-stressing snacks—such as pita and hummus...
Cinco de mayo in less than 5 minutes.
your really hot!(:
Nash also had an Amar'e Stoudemire in his prime, averaging 26 points on 56 % shooting. (Though I realize Nash helps that).
or bawl. Either way ;)
Awesome! Good luck on the hunt ☺
album is like “Imagine Bill Monroe and Sid Vicious having kids together” says
Admiral Mullen: Not just about military men and women, their spouses and children have served along side them.
Hedge Funders To High School Seniors: Stick To Technical School via
We absolutely can take care of that for u. Charge depends on a few factors. E-mail me details I'll investigate
": Gym memberships are too expensive...that's why I bought Photoshop instead!" Fortunately sweatpants are cheaper than both!
I am not a big fan of what they've done with the work schedule
I see a black out in my near future..
Whew, idk. I'm in no way a Joshua fan, BUT he did well tonight. I say Jessica, she's like a cardboard cutout up there. You?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🐫
TOTALLY WORKED PAST 2AM!! Some body stop me!
Singing with Eve Selis & The Voices of Prayze for UCP Fundraiser Sat,9/25 in Chula Vista...For Evrdy Angel Jessica Smith. www,EveSelis.com.
I agree Lucy!!!! You are teaching me things!
done cranking metal and pumping iron
Jealous! I had Book Fair at my school...so sad I missed it! But I'll be at #ice12 tomorrow again!
Fly safe, have fun. I wish I was flying somewhere today too:-)
ah, tales and memories from North Brown Street
How was Romania! Loved running into you in the airport.
and a patient understanding boyfriend
"The point of power is in the present". That means you always get what you're focused on. You're far more powerful than you think
repeat after me: MOVE BITCH, GET OUTTHA WAY. GET OUTTHA WAY, BITCH, GET OUTTHA WAY.
you girls are so cute. i watch with or without tyler. thx for being so cool to my boy. love the fist bump roar thing:)
If the Dallas Cowboys trade my Marion Barber, I will NEVER buy another jersey again... Ugh...
A3: Respond, try to rectify the situation, move on. Last thing I'd worry about is a backup QB not happy w/ his do.
Shoutout For Shoutout? Tweet me! -Katie
We’re on a wedding roll, matter of fact, we’re on the cake! Follow for #UWP cake ideas!
Relationships are a gamble these days.
Furthermore the Dept. of homeland insanity will detain and torture you for hating freedom. You have been warned.
-Im tellin the truth but now you just gotta believe me because i know i believe EVER One of your...
You aren't joking. She's just as hot as he is.
So true! On another note, we need to grab coffee or a drink ASAP!
What?! The show is so good cant wait for season 2 to start!
Talking is silver, silence is gold. - German Proverb
It is going to take several days for me to realize hockey season is over.
I mean, it's like we hadn't eaten in days or something. Worth every calorie.
I can't wait for the midnight show of Hunger Games!!!
so sweet!!! Happy FurMomma's Day to you.
Grilled Cheese Sandwich, cheese fries and large chocolate chip milk shake... I love Steak n Shake... Southern charms
not breaking news RT Rep Huntley to Hse: "I hope you all realize that Mn. is watching & I hope you realize how stupid we look
ever since 2000 i've always looked up to u, stop watchin wwe cause u left started back up cause u came back
Gotta love it when people completely ignore their screaming newborn to keep talking on their phone and shop!!
awe!! (: I love you! I couldn't live without you either(: and you're the best boyfriend ever! (:
sent a dm, let me know what you think? =)
Ready for some exciting EVENTS @ BLU this Summer! Save the Date July 31st for our next social event!
Thank you
So many things to give pause and reflection these days.
This what the fuck I get for opening my got damn mouth
I'll show you :P
My Taaka smells like diesel fuel
I'm restarting on Twitter . Deleted all old tweets .
Happy Hour until 6:30 pm. Come for the $5.00 Martinis or Manhattans. Stay for the Dungeness Crab Cakes.
Good luck tomorrow against the Gators. I am proud to have you back at OSU leading and shaping our young men.
Look forward to chatting after seeing a session called "Learn to Code and Make the Software You Want"
Active hands by the Shockers.
dude, you need to embrace your inner geek. Be a proud part of the geekdom!
smart show on protecting kids from child sex abuse. Let's keep the conversation going
Love the Just Dance commercial! Dancing is so beautiful and inspirational. Good for you!
I amuse myself cuz I don't even know who am I haha :) ah yeah goodnight
<.< >.> Of course I did, me so sowwy Dwirty Dwiana
It's true, I could have driven here in the time it took to fly today-- but who wants to drive when you could have a pilot instead?
I am sad that George "Goober" Lindsey from the Andy Griffith Show passed away yesterday.
merry christmas ! :)
yeah lol...them south side boys..didnt really fuck with the south side but they was aight tho
I can't take this any longer..
Watched Barack Obama's "Yes We Can" speech for class. Now I wanna hear my fellow #HowardUniversity Bison Jeremiah Wright speak.
You think you're reporting the news but actually you're just making everyone feel bad.
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: All your regrets, please.
Coming to an abdominal region near you: "HUNGER PANGS!" It's 8:15am and a LONG way until lunch. Please... somebody feed me! (rumble)
Lets fuckinn go eagles!!
have you been in school lately?
nice pic Jesse, she's pretty darn cute!
Cool, let me know.
I'll never forget being 10 years old being amazed by the Intergalactic video and making my parents buy me "Hello Nasty"
Changing my password,
Lmfao he just made me mad I feel slow
Talk to me! What do you have in mind!
The right guy will love every little thing about you that the wrong guy was intimidated by..
I'm up with u sexy... How u doin
Your President of Marketing should be fired for telling Clipper Darrel they would GIVE HIM 2 FREE TICKETS to stop being himself
already was
i'd greatly appreciate it if you didn't make jokes about that, especially when you know how much it means to me.
Wow! What'd you guys think of Steve Carell's last episode of The Office?
Ok i need some ideas on senior week events to photograph. whats goin on?
No problem... just thought I'd check...
Welcome to twitter, ! Looking forward to reading about life at !
That is so not cool my mom is macking me go to bed not cool mom K so going to bed now bye bye bye
congrats on your fundraising progress! so close now!
bottom bitch? more like Top DOG
Mother's Day is Sunday: Do you have plans to wish your Mom a Happy Mother's Day?
DM ya email n number cuz i got a new phone
The Parlor this saturday.... yep...
oh weird a conservative repressed his sexuality & then got busted having gay sex how unusual (fuck you & all hypocrites, !)
Calls to action tell customers what to do. Letting customers know what to expect & what actions you will take reinforces accountability.
Aww...she's so nice and fun to work with RT : On break for lunch and we all just sang Happy birthday to Tina Fey- how cool? :)
Happy Wednesday everybody! retweet us today for a chance to win a download of !
Hey baby. <3
Thank you for having me. Thank you, , for what you do. Thanks everyone for the spirited discussion. Cheers.
Florida, let's dance.
Need to find a way to get to a comic book store for Free Comic Book Day. I need those Buffy and Firefly comics, stat.
I think guys get bored! Ladies need to take care of there man so they have no reason to stray!
noting beats a cold shower after a long, hot day
no one ever needs to check anything out from , unless it's some sweet Arizona jeans!
good luck tonight from your neighboring community!! So pumped for playoffs
counter-example: U.S. constitition (a living document) -- the 'spec' for our country. Democracy.
I thought it was great! We couldn't always catch it, though, and #Fox doesn't post eps for 8 days, so we could never catch up
When life keeps slapping you in the face harder and harder, but friends are there to heal the wounds
I should not laugh when my kid falls out of bed. I SHOULD NOT.
90210 just got AWKWARD
We are a non-profit musician artist organization. We promote, and devote ourselves towards helping young talented musicians of all kinds.
right now i am getting ready to chat with some people...
I don't think you're Betty White's type, Evan! LOL
Not Even Gone Ask Why Lol!!
El Nino X-it! RT : What was the first bowling ball you ever owned?
Feels greats over 2 weeks w/out a smoke, I think. Stoppd keepin track.
it's the worst.
That was part of my pastor's sermon today.
workin on my fitness
Tommy ruins the broadcast for me. I love Gorman though. I prefer listening to Grande and Max.
Facebook passes Google as top site in Brazil, for now
Whoop Whoop! GO GREENBAY ;-)
Some try to hand me money, they don't understand I'm not broke, I'm just a broken hearted man.
The reason y I luv Justin is becuz he's not like any other celeb hes really loves us works hard to pls us & also 2 him were family not fans.
Rangers in six (could easily be seven though). They're my childhood team though I'm hopelessly a Preds fan now.
another sale soon!
Back seat filled with empty beer cans
Enjoy the weekend...come see us for lunch Tuesday!
I blame you for getting me into #thevoice ! Now I'm hooked. Thanks a mil!
#HappyEaster from the Revolver staff! Hope everyone has a wonderful day with their friends & family :)
I actually took my BG from Austin's icon,it's his :3
seems to be exploding on twitter right now.
Year of Bucky Dent still ranks pretty high.
My ass says no, but my head says f#*k ya! Damn you taco cabana!!!
Mad Men is back. I feel like I've been re-united with a long lost but slightly fucked up friend.
i hope dis not as borin as facebook....
a track for you homie where do i send it?
U look like the type nigga tthat will run ur mouth like a bitch if I fucked you
haha, you're welcome! :)
C'mon, you know you want to see some custom card sleeve making action!
…When you charge a small but reasonable licensing fee for Woodstock on lots of devices, then you make lots of money. It's powerful biz...
haha! Glad u found me my friend!! Thanks 4 the hospitality. Classic memories! Like a baby all alone in the crib...
This coming 2nd Sat., Jan. 14, (& every other following 2nd Sat....) the Anime Club will be sponsoring a bake sale fundraiser!
The fact that today isn't a Friday is some kind of sick fucking joke and this guy isn't laughing
hey, I think we're neighbors now! We moved our print studio down the hall from HQ.
Congrats!!! re: MS. VAMPY Wins Communicator Award. Brooke's one of truly good people in horror.
I have read all the Bourdain books - fun & a little crazy! :) If you want something good but more ... tame (?), try Ruth Reichl.
Anytime! Send us a pic of you looking' sharp in it so we can show you off to all of our social friends :)
Well, I was offering to take her some!
Still pissed bout Friday.
Finally beat Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood, Now I can finally open Revelations and start it!
Congratulations New Mexico! 100 years of Enchantment! We love it here!
Coming soon: C3 Breakfast Club-May 8 C3 welcomes Kendall Morris, Marketing Partner at Create Digital to discuss Create Digital's place in …
Dear Please #VerifyZackTremblay why? Because his awesome, cute, talented... Sincerely all fans!!!!!
like's to receive
i cant do this anymore . acting like i dont care .
what did you do???
I dont think john cusack sang for demitri or however you spell that ridic name
5 people planned to blow up a bridge in Cleveland to protest corporate America. Um.. corporate America has forgotten about Cleveland, guys
Hey everyone, just an update on the album digital release. There's a delay w/CDBaby, but we'll let you know when it's up online!
wat u mean y
The Lion King intro is one of the most epic movie intros I've ever seen. Total goosebumps from the uplifting music.
but no one ever listens to mee. </3
Sign up for Mattress King Perks Club : exclusive deals found no where else. Get on the list !
Off today, Then i work Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. Looking forward to tonights episode of Criminal Minds on A & E tonight.
RT really??? all the wonderful music in the world and this is what you decided to play? geez.
Fabulous pieces!!
Washington Redskins 17 St. Louis Rams 0 End Of 3rd #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
Mid-terms = bullshit
I miss being immersed in anthropology. I miss discussions about topics like liminality.
We would like to thank our friends for their continued support and shout outs!!
One of our study abroad cities, Cadiz, was named Best in Travel: Top 10 cities in 2012. Yet another reason to study abroad!
POOL PARTY!
Just learned myself a few things about things I already know. Swag.
Thinking about moving to ATL
Follow Back
So my flight to LA has continuing service to Maui. I want to hide in the bathroom. Would they notice?
When i rep and 83rd n Colfax its cuz we used juke in the backyard n in his drive way..lol #U PHI U
maybe we just need to stop talking to other people
Gorgeous ICON!!!!! :) ur really gorgeous! No joke
I want some food.:-) #sonic maybe?
can you pack me into your suitcase too, please?
re:defining 'taxonomists'. similar issue 9-10 yrs. ago with IAs. perhaps we think of categorizing too much. :) REBRAND! :)
#Aries loves to chase fine booty. They like the chase more than the actual lay. It's the thrill of the hunt that excites them!
Happy #FF from Choral Arts!
if your a belieber get your ass off my twitter!!
"We're living in a den of thieves, Rummaging for answers in the pages. We're living in a den of thieves, And it's contagious."
Get out of your own way! - “Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
*singing* dnt fall in love cause we just having sex!
Dan is awesome(:
Rick Fowler - full Cleveland and full Orioles orange.
Hop!Lookingforward to watching!
power went out just long enough for all my clocks to be flashing 12:00
haha awesome. Let us know what you end up designing!
No, I better not tempt myself.
awesome! let us know what you think :)
but on the serious side I have seen one and they r neat!
No your not u love me Brooke Evans :(
#nowplaying One Fell Swoop by The Spill Canvas
How about those WILDCATS
do you have a website? I'd love to see what you have.
on St Patrick's Day, consider GABRIEL'S TRUMPET, a Civil War novel about two Irish lads in Alabama and their encounter with slavery
The night before facebook's IPO a poll suggests people don't trust the company. Ah, yet another relationship Facebook has ruined.
RT how versatile is he. Could he play LDE on 3rd down. >> yes Sir. Did it in college.
Crazy Friday getting to you later than normal ;D have a great #FF C U later XO
I LOVE YOU PHILLIP <3
Lamborghini mercy. Yo chick she so thirsty
or another way: if the religious want some say over our public life, e.g. marriage, start paying some taxes + following our child abuse laws
you ugly <3
Whats a good TV show to get into?
Thought that might be your valued perspective. Thx for weighing in!
You're welcome!
shut up dude,
warriors both the same.
TWThF of this upcoming week & TThF of next. We'll also celebrate any graduates (like Derrick & Autumn for instance).
Cutting al my hair off tomorrow...
This move has been quite the experience--physically, intellectually, and even emotionally. Tired but have learned a lot.
At the creek with Luis and My Brother....
any updates on TCL and Midland?
I just finished a 2.27 mi run with a time of 25:47 with Nike+ GPS.
“: Happy holidays from all of us. Happy holidays to you too. I look forward to using your excellent service in 2012.
I miss you too...Im doing ok. How are you doing? I have a bday..coming up...You and Kenny should come. Its next Friday.
Finishing off the last season of BreakingBad so I can have my life back
I KNOW! If only I were blonde *sigh*
No. This beard is your only hope.
Now that the NBA is Back they need a black friday on tickets!! On my Momma!!!..
Thanks so much! That means a lot!
please be careful.
thanks for the follow! If u have any mattress or furniture needs please let me know!
pack a bowl
Austin's neighbor!!
I thought you're a Boilermaker!
er...taking notes. I have lots of talent coming up, just want to make sure all is good. Damn, I love formula1!
Hope you had a good NYE! Was wondering if you had a chance to finish No Gender Left Behind. No worries if not :)
There is video footage of me doing a pirouette and eating shit during the Warrior Dash.
Watching a during class > going on twitter and tweeting(:
Michigan fact: (via wikipedia) You are never more than six miles from a natural water source or more than 85 miles from a Great Lakes shore
#IfICould I would be co-host on his show for a day
o I see. All of a sudden I feel so mainstream. #inexperienced haha
I love you, Ticket Oak.
I love you baby!!! Your day will get better :)
#OWIF: The hired car is on its way. I promised Maurice the Giant Carp I'd write, but he doesn't have an address and only uses Friendster.
hey there o:
Keep your head up princess, your crown isn't that heavy  Words from my #1 hawtiee! <--LOVE THIS GIRL!!
RT : Happy President's Day! 1/20/09, Barack Obama began term as the 44th US Pres and the 1st African American to occupy the...
Need more zombies! Hehe
Happy Birthday
Burning it down 2morrow 🔥🔥✊
Getting and tweets sent to your phone, Best Feeling EVER! Love you guys!<AB
how are u...follow back....
why's that? haha
Austinites: how would YOU need to arrange your affairs today to enable yourself to vote?
man shits pretty fucking gnarly right now dude.im sick of worrying about things normal teenageers don't have to.
Split decision win for Allen Doggett over Raymond Gillies.
jamming to the throwback mix on #power86! Representing my hometown #Miami in #Baltimore!!!
thanks for the #FF!
Hit the gym hard yesterday! Hit the club hard last night! Both sore and hungover!
Just ordered 's Net Delusion 's Consent of the Networked, & 50 Nespresso capsules on
follow back pleasee ♥
Fantasizing about how awesome it must be to be Found month's worth of inspiration for blog from May
Today, even if we do not use magnets for rotation, motors could be designed to harvest gravity on the down swing, only pulsing on the upward
YES I am so excited future wifey!! We shall have a happy life :)
I'm not trying to take anyone down, nor did I intend to get baited into this. Just one outsider's take. I get your position.
Might go to my cousin's tomorrow.
I seriously considered withholding my vote if he continued to play it safe on the issue of marriage equality. Thank you,
[Confidential] Do not read this tweet if you don't play Skyrim: What up my Redguards?
I am now a member of the iPhone community.
the adventure movie is finally online check it out
Dey S'pose to be Big 12!! Dey S'pose to be Big 12!! Who Baylor??
I think id be okayy with that. Lolz
My friend Natalie at Ulta made me AND my man look awesome rockin' new hair. Plus she's funny as hell. Will share her deets if ur nice.
I want to sleep for another seven hours.
Sold my Body Count cd (with Cop Killer) for $75 a few years ago. Didn't copy songs. What was I thinking?! Here I come isohunt.
OMG!!!!!!! I like really #sick and it sucks. GodsGirl777
the "clues" in the background
haiiiii! Ehh she's just to protective! lol yea normal mom but lololol it gets on my nerves sometimes (: thanks for caring!
Looking for tool to keep group members up to date, share tools/resources. Haven't had luck w wikis before - folks don't log in. Any ideas?
AMG & WBM ENTERTAINMENT COLLABED & WE GOT SOMETHING GOOD GOING ON!
'Hollow' - it has cleans, but it's still sick!
She's chopping meat and asked me to call you
DUDE! Have some more pie!
Never panic (no matter what)
Fishing. Relaxing
The Allegrini Palazzo della Torre has the lowest amount of calories coming in at about 90 cal.
#DidYouKnow: 21% of the #MarilynMonroe estate was unnecessarily lost due to settlement costs and death taxes!
We've been working on a dozen new videos, they should be ready soon...
Oh no, thank you, sir. Glad you came across 's post. Did you have a favorite quote?
I've heard a couple of folks at casually say that iOS/Android clients are a fad. What do you think? Is the future apps, web or both?
sounds good doc & thanx
Any "L" I take is usually due to someone else's negligence, incompetence or lack of detail usually.
There really is no better feeling than handing the approved final files off to a client. Such satisfaction of a job well done.
Presentation audio recording progress: 9/14 slides done
can anyone tell me why the hell everbody wants to nicki minaj please tell me
we just started faculty book club to read ya books, food provided # titletalk
Keep practicing and be inspred on your #yoga journey.
lol well yes we do need to mow but grass is not that long .. we seem to have a very happy animal habitat but no mice whew
love your twitter profile pic :)
not sure! i was so young in the 90s. what's yours?
of course! You never have to ask. I'm always here!
Walking over to #THATCamp #Games. My #archives divining rod is trying to pull me the other way to NARA Archives II (never been there. alas)
Blatantly political. I think Treasurer Cahill is crossing the line in making campaign style statements on his state gov website.
And here we are. Now what?
Waiting on Jacob to finish recording then finally releasing the EP to our friends!!! maybe releasing new merch with the EP, who knows :D
up and
it was meant to be <3
blessed to wake up again another day
Drive left for a quarter mile then make a right to find a ditch to go fuck yourself.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Nice, and are reunited in ATL.
Multicultural Forum on Workplace Diversity listening to Rosalyn Taylor O'Neale VP D&I Campbell Soup Company.
what a pleasure to catch up!
HAHAHHAA I know ;))
thats good:) oh really? which subject? <3
unless it was Helen Mirren? :-)
S/o to the girls who have to but there boobs and ass out there just to get attention.If you want to be #trashy go ahead .I feel bad for you.
It's still blank. RT Please get the web team to check the website. It is still serving up blank homepage.
I'm adding Gyronix #ResultsManager to my list of essential #gtd tools, alongside #Evernote, #Mindmanager, and
Tournament of Champions tomorrow #playtowin ?
. says that born digital preservation needs to happen NOW (maybe before collections get to archive)
cause you act like him lmao
Wow! Great! I was "nervous". He was "cool", very relaxed and comfortable. He enjoys performing. How about your daughter?
dayglow = bro rave
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. John D. Rockefeller
Got all my shopping done for washington (:
They don't let just anybody get a PH.D. You have to be able to use big words nobody else understands. :-)
's first week of work in Augusta will never end! Headed to a playoff...
You are welcome :) Glad to help. Hugs ...thanks for leading the charge to help our neighbors!
I dunno what to do. I still love him, but I needs move on. Maybe this new guy will give me that chance to move on... But in the end still</3
Time to get our taxes done...hooray?
Im getting super dizzy ! -.-
Listen, don't get me wrong, Lebron amazing player. But Durant IS OKC. Lebron not Heat.
Just saw Avengers clip. My wanting to defend Iron Man from Captain America is not healthy. Or smart.
People would always ask me if I profile when driving a cab. No, because when your a cabbie, you hope someone will get in and kill you.
Of course, if you are in bad health, smoke, or have significant pre-existing conditions, it's more expensive to cover yourself
Porn is so much easier than dating...
I loved seeing you tonight :) Thank you so much for coming!
Cool:) He's awesome so glad you have him back
YEAH SERIOUSLY LIKE ITS NOT A JOKE IT WAS ON THE RADIO AND THEY PLAYED IT AT PARTIES
Baby you light up my world like no body else😍
Jessica Simpson is having a baby?! And she's... oh, hey look... a butterfly...
Just bought a fuck ton of booze at the liquor store. Go me!
S/0 on so real shit for coming tho
And, hey, dine well. Have a good time com Brasileiros e Brasileiras.
Feb. Is going to be a busy month!
Take your Mom to Miller Park this Sunday, not down for #baseball ? Go2the art museum, Mitchell Park Domes, or take a stroll downtown 4lunch.
We are going to the Limo Digest Show in Atlantic City to see our new Limo Bus. We hope to see you there.
haha oh really? yeah the foods the same like Texas,& yeah im going in Nov.so be ready i will put you in my bag! :D
Gracias my friend! :-)
Rut ro... RT : Look out for my forthcoming post on the biggest unjustified egos in Boston tech
It's CYA for them, so they can say they did due diligence to confirm the patient was who they claimed/they had correct info.
keep shooting "Jail Bryd"!
I can confirm that he does not eat at home
Jeb Stuart football practice today was alright.
put this in your brain for a moment. "Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing." - salvador dali
I like the Puppy Bowl
They sure did..C's gave them many chances..
¡Like! Someone once said it's like telling the Irish they're English
I'm living the dream and you're not. How do you like me0meow
One of my friends ended up on and now she enjoys looking at everyone's nudes all day.
Poetry manuscript finished and mailed to the contest. Edited and reedited. 43 poems nicely polished. Going to start over all new words now.
hmm. green machine, then?
you gonna be in town next Saturday?! I'm going with Erin to Dallas but I might stay a night in J town if your around!
Today I drink in celebration of how I've managed to stave off motherhood for yet another year. Cheers!
wifi is an issue again here at #mhtaspring - can't get on at all on my iPhone 4S or Air.. luckily, can on iPad
None other ! :p
We look forward to helping you celebrate! RT made reservation for commencement night—a perfect last dinner in DC!
I wasn't at BOW last year, but I signed there on may 23 with
Spotted: David Letterman skiing at Ski Butternut in Great Barrington, MA! White turtleneck, nice sunburn, driving his Toyota land cruiser...
Last days for Coho Salmon sandwich!
ill get some for prom, theres this fat girl who hooks it up...
I'm disappointed that Jeter didn't hit homers in bunch while carried a #pink bat
Wait, didI just get a spam text message?! How the hell did this ever happen?
took me ages :)
man, was just thinking about how epic a #Lakers #Heat #NBA #Finals would be. wow
Browns losing a key cog to their Defense before training camp even starts? Sounds about right.
Hi Lauri, I am starting to learn about true SOCIAL media and CopsAlive.com is finally building momentum. Thanks for your help.
Ben just asked if prince as miggi can fit in the elevator together.
That tweet was awfully professional.
Do you have any favorite yoga poses for recovery post-migraine? I'm achy & would like to do something, but nothing upside-down!
YES !!! We MISSED you!
Rock The Bells all-star appearance wish: Mel Brooks, Lamar of Revenge of the Nerds & Rodney Dangerfield Hologram
Everyone have a wonderful day!!! That means YOU! (;
Say what death at a funeral is on. #mymovie :')
you mean to #FollowFriday because of the "Anthropology with a Doctorate" retweets?
Design The Next Glade? Scented Oil Candle Tin Contest www.glade.com/tinsContest
wearing pink for easter c:
This facilitator has the patience of a saint. Lots of axes being ground tonight, amidst bright and positive voices.
on this day, 5 pm should come whenever moms want it
Thanks for following. =)
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled ham & cheddar on multigrain bread with a cup of soup......$6.95
You should marry TJ Miller.
Thanks for the mention!
So true, and funny. Not funny when you're driving though. RT : Rain always brings out the fuckwits
Working on a blog post for Slover Linnet about why contemporary music people aren't as nervous as regular Classical folks about the future.
so brush off some of the stockpiled canned foods still in your Y2K bunker and tune in next week
hey Mike, same here, hope you're having a good week
My sister told me I looked ghetto . .______. she said justkidding but I'm still like ._.
Want 2advertise 4cheap? Sponsor our nonprofit scholarship program for $10-unlimited for ad, mention in press release & media etc; contact!
Yes, with you, William, Jastice, and a TON of other people.
Hi thanks for the follow! Looking forward for your tweets. *cheers*
wattup my man
I luv American Eagle
Always looking for a good #graphicdesigner and
It's always about others.
Do one thing everyday that scares you- E. Roosevelt
we‘d love to play your b day party!!!
How radiation from a solar flare will affect your electronics. Coming up in 2 minutes on the
it's in Australia lol jk San Jose Cali
Good evening! :D
Sounds like fun! Be safe!
well next time ur over you can make a beat lol
Cotton » Cotton Tale Designs Arctic Babies 4-Piece Crib Bedding Set
Thanks, Alana! I just learned something new (HAGD). You HAGD, too! :)
Headed home for turkey, catch you two next week?
You know, actually just the $699 wifi model would do for me. Not liking AT&T's 3G service, as is.
Three Doors Down, "Let Me Be Myself"...goes out to Chicago!
#unnecessaryprequels Entering Las Vegas (That one's courtesy of my husband Dave.)
Good Morning! Happy Pi Day! How will you be celebrating?
Just did an interview with John Curley on KIRO radio, another former home of mine.
why not I no u got a full tank of gas
I need 100 wedding-themed stamps in Raleigh by tomorrow am - any ideas?
You know exactly how to make me smile. #LoveIt 😊
why since i made yours . LMAO aww that was an awesome nickname for you tho . ! xD
that happens to me all the time, despite my best intentions to avoid current series.
Happy healthy new year to all - drive safely tonight!
Good morning to "the 52". Great first round of torny. UL, UK, IU all survive. David Thomas holds 1st alone picking 26/32
Ugh didn't get to watch the KCAs it's finishing right now. Screw this I'll watch it if it comes on again... :/
Everton??? How'd that happen? lol
Well, this is it - still not quite packed, but somehow, someway, we're leaving for Thailand in the morning!
missing the big city feel of la and sf ... sd is just not the same :(
wearing a skinny black tie with a white shirt, so you look like a waiter
Yoo I have to give you my new number you'll have it by Friday my G or sooner
Ur welcome!! Theres alot of talent NYX is gonna have a hard decision to make! I hope u make it! Much love!
And lucky we are to be hangin" with Lemon's spirit and artistry as Word Warrior.Watch me!
dm the number
NO YOU WON'T BE! You will stay at home with your wife and baby... I hope I taught you better than that!
#protopeeps proto is back on track
posted at tha pad playing black ops... you play college basketball ?
I am roasting here. #Nats need to catch up on this 3rd inning
I just bought a lottery ticket...but now I'm confused. Some chick named Shirley Jackson sold it to me. I have a bad feeling...
Seems like such and inconvenient time to borrow - they won't let you do it on the weekend either.
My standards are only as low as the temperature. :)
Arnold Bennett~ It is well when judging a friend to remember that he is judging you with the same godlike and superior impartiality.
ok...5 days in I'll let you know cause #chocolate is my vice :)
Have multiple types of customers? Write content targeted to the needs of each type.
I might just find the comfiest clothes I have and wear to school tomorrow.
oh that's pretty awesome! I'm Cuban & a little Italian!! (:
Snow flying in the northeast. Guess I need to cancel my tee time.
more like hotdog madness!
Fine. But can I at least injure a few guys..?
excited to finally try out the array of creative and delicious meatloafs!
A5 An organization's brand needs to be challenged if terribly off track - sharing a vision is critical.
BEEN SLACKIN HARD ON THE WORKOUT TIP LATELY.GOTTA GET BACK 2 IT!
you think Detroit can stop New Orleans?
Randy, I've got innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
The SKC is better than the USMNT euphoria is clearly over in Twitter land.
No she didnt! Thanks for the big news!!
Before you speak think.. T- is it true? H- is it helpful? I-is it inspiring? N- is it necessary? K- is it kind?
thank you
Guards are also an option to strengthen weakened holes. Have to account for the extra material in the signature folds, though.
Special SHOUTOUT to all my followers thx!:)and remember I follow back!
Is there any truth to the rumor that the #Browns are talking trades to ensure they can select RG4 in 2031?
followed u!
Thanks for listening!!
It does work, are you in my attic as well?
A few casual drinks at Blu in preparation for what is expected to be an amazing show at Agganis. Cirque du Soliel.
He can have the $2 tax if he really wants it. Might get a pack of gum and a soda for his secretary.
Hope the rest of your shift flies by!
Playing frisbee one last time with quality people is much > studying
Wenger lost the match. Not you. You will have to leave Arsenal to win something
And I was not trying to be argumentative or nasty. Thank you for not taking that way!
follow me I LOVE YOU
Woke up then fell back to sleep got 5 min toget ready today
"Wait, what?" does not count as a punchline.
I love Zelda!
Dodgers ARE on FIRE! #TriplePlay WOWZERS
as am I.. Trade ur xbox in lol
she said hey and she loves u to
I can only assume has you under some kind of spell. The blackest of magicks.
RT : Man are about to rock nyc. I saw the whole show happen in a dream already
ok bf thnk u so much u know I don't know Wht I'm doing in here lol
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out
ah thx. I hope you have a restful holiday. It must be grueling covering this, no?
#tdwg discoverlife had over a billion hits . Implied of the humanoid type.
some body show me some twitter love
good morning Jessica! (: I had 2 hours of sleep soo. I feel alright lol. How did you sleep? (x
NEW INFO: FBI offering a $20,000 reward for tips leading to arrest and convction of those involved in disappearance of Antigo's Kayla Berg.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not laugh at ridiculously funny comments unless the President first shows approval by laughing.
RT : These tweeps are creative and artistic
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
Thank you Todd for RT yesterday and today.
's life made me thankful for what I have and to not complain when I don't have enough when he had nothing
how is your thanksgiving, broski?
Tears don't mean your losing everbodys bruising.
thank goodness. it went on hiatus already. i was worried.
