Taking a drug test....man these always get my palms sweating
yeah i did i got home at 6 in da morning i was doin it live lol
ill reapply no prob. I got an idea for a better audition video
haha it looks so good i think im gonna see it tonight
Congratulations to member Chanel Celaya for booking "The Inbetweeners"!!
u don't use twitter lists? easy way to put people in different categories based on how i know them. don't :/ , it's a good thing
dear garden bar... please turn up the music that i just played on the jukebox
both of which LA have. and denver has neither.
I've got that eclipse set, and have seen 'A Colt Is My Passport'...and didn't realize it was Suzuki! May have to revisit it...
So glad the catering gig went well and is DONE. Just cakes for a while and perfecting my pasty recipe for farmers market......z
b**** you ain't got no life! And damn sure don't got now moves phahahah
she was mentioning she didn't get it. Message her on FB?
Men as well as animals do whatever makes them happy, differences lie in what makes them happy.
Congratulations Alissa Williams of Pekin Public Library in IL on winning a free pass to our virtual summit on ebooks !
the smell of passion tea >>>
"Assumptions and judgments are obstacles to communication with and between students." Session w/ M.Kelly, Murray HS
11 days till my birthday ! :))
Who does the design work for Newdigs? The site looks great!
Guy who makes $40 million a year yapping on the radio about what the average person cares about.
Your toe is so UGLY cats try to bury it at the beach.
Andy Reed has left CBSSports.com for Demand Media - I am going to miss those trips to the Masters.
RT If you agree that things are better if they glow in the dark.
Nothing like a good upper respiratory illness to distract you from any sort of end-of-grad-school-nostalgia-attacks. Too busy sneezing...
I did. I told you to see it and you said you've already saw it.
This is the first time in months where either the weather or being sick has made my ankle ache
i don't give a fuck if you don't love me, i don't give a fuck if you don't care.
RT : Learning how to get healthy should never be about deprivation. #HealthIsWealth <it's why most diet plans fail>
Can't get over HOW COMPLETELY AWESOME these Audio Technica ATH-M50 headphones are. It's like sex in your ear. Holy damn.
yeh for reals! I've always wanted to but never could.
I crouched down, and i tumbled. But I did not crumble. I got through all the pain. I didn't know my own strength
Yeah, the tourist thing would bug me... LOL
bottomline: HE doesn't need another doormat. If you're gonna get to 12, add an established program, or don't add one at all.
Been at work since 730am, I'm definitely going out tonight.
Your Customer service in store 1112 in SD was horrible. Mgmt was NOT willing to make issue right even with warranty
looking forward to jamming with the cats at The Baked Potato #studiocity 2nite
hi. any chance of a link to beta test Next? Thanks.
fuck u been up to doe bruh
damn son you just made me hungrier than i already was fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
That actually was the test. And you failed it.
(cc: ) So weird... Robin didn't tell you about her Europe trip???
Hey #jelena fans. Tweet us your favorite picture of Justin&Selena. We pick the cutest one and give the winner a huge shoutout! GO...!!
New Video: Steve Jobs may have lectured on "HOW" to live your life, this man (Bill Gates) has enabled millions to have a chance t
If you recently ordered from AS, your order has shipped! Thanks for shopping AS & I look forward to accessorizing you AGAIN soon
That's dirty. Perv.
What I don't understand is why it is so addicting!
One door closes and another opens :)
McRae takes the split decision! Great fight! #boxing -ms
My shopping list for after work: 1. wine 2. Non-drowsy Sudafed 3. white nail polish PARTY TIME!
met at #warehouse and #roxy on your bday reminding you about my event #MAY27th #PARTYRIOT look foward to working with you
I wanna be on Clay Aikens team!!
me, obviously!
Russell Branyan signs minor league deal with the Yankees
PDS punches it in with 22 secs left in first half to lead 10-7.
He is just an above average QB hailing from the ATX
“: I love NY.” it will always be home!
Don't allow a lack of money to be your excuse for a lack of progress. Wisdom is always available... even when money isn't.
Encountered annoying guy at LEX gate. It's 6:15 AM. He's waking up people with chirpy cell calls because he's bored.
All setup on Facebook. Get in on the ACTS...join us at www.facebook.com/BaltimoreACTS
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing
Treasuries got smoked again, with another huge uptick in intermediate-maturity yields.
The bidding for Expo 2017 is still open until 10 Dec 2011. So far, it's Belgium vs. Kazakhstan for the smaller 3-month "recognized" expo.
TONIGHT SHOW COMEDY :30! #Standup GOLD
I agree!! RT : There is only modern Sherlock for me Benedict Cumberbatch! Although this sounds...interesting.
Finished with week 2 of 3 for regional sales training.
This wind <
About to hit my first museum-related professional development event.
sorry to hear that man, it was great having you here
You wear nothing but you wear it so well...
delish for sure!!
Yess you are :-)
RT If Zimmerman is missing they need to send the Student Loan people to find him...If Sallie Mae cant find him... HE IS DEAD”<-LMAO!!
See Ol' Floppy Arms at Hamburger Mary's Attic on tuesday Nov. 2nd 7pm for a special #MidtermElection comedy show! www.democracyburlesque.com
haha if I can find a way there/home. I miss it soo much. Deff need to get there ASAP
did any of you wolfies notice that jackson was turning to a were wolf in the new episode YIKES
I,m loving my Tune bass!....very pure but strong sound!...I like!
would I be considered "too old" to be an intern? I'd do it in a heartbeat!
+ a bazillion “: Dear Telling me to follow Mike Tyson means your algorithm is way off.”
The Jam
yo Chris Bosh is playing like a bad mother fucker
It's a delicate procedure.
--> RT : #schoolmemories having sex in the teacher lounge during football camp
alright ill come find ya
we be sure to celebrate like you would if you were with us!
This is why I'm leaving Paulie in FL and moving to Cali. Evacuation.
Pulling an all nighter. Not really, but as close as I can get at this age...
I'm watching tv & the tv changes channels to record something that was set to record. It was #Rugrats. I'm excited but who the hell did it?
Special thanks to my most recent followers , , , and Hope you had a wonderful Easter holiday
How was game?
Thought for the Day: "I can, therefore I am." - Simone Weil
Would you rather throw your phone off a tall building or lick a car clean?
Hey, I dressed up..
thanks boss for that love
Let the Lord lead you. Get a copy of On Track to the Kingdom at online bookstores across the nation.
Shrimp Pasta >
Ah, nerd-trolling. "Beam me up Frodo" wd have been better RT : I like when Hans Solo says "beam me up, Chewie."
The animated movie Antz has a few curse words peppered in...surprised I didn't remember that
Please welcome rdqaf to the Max life
great choice on the hennepin. Ommengang makes great beer.
friend of yours?
gm eva and friends
Thanks-> for reaching out. My last visit was to Bahia. Definitely do not like Nega Maluca. Good to read ur take on it.
I can't wait! June 12th 's new album #Lookingformyself will be released. Yay!:-)
Guys in one room dancing? SWAG OVERLOAD.
I'm a walking [limping] ball of stress.
Isaiah 40:31 says we will "soar high on wings like eagles", not "barely get off the ground on wings like chickens".
Soon i will be free
It’s your #successes that define your right path. Listen to them and they’ll tell you what you’re good at. ~
Don't know why I've started watching the news btw everything on it gets me angry, hate the politicians, only care about themselves & money!!
hey whats up bitch
Deal! I've never been this ridiculous, but I'm voting like a mofo next week!
Fuji apples=bliss
hahahaha wait huh? What be goinnnn on
UGH Not feeling so good this morning. Drinking lots of OJ and getting plenty of Chicken Noodle soup. Maybe it will help psychologically. LOL
After driving around Meridian, MS for an hr following the show I can say there are ONLY 2 spots open: Waffle House & wendys
If you can't fly then run,if you can't run then walk,if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward MLKjr
word....that logic is the move! n pro tools i mess with that too, and i dont really collab with producers often
Another reason why I love having MLB TV: Being able to see no-hitters.
Tony Romo is not a Top 5 quarterback.
True, it may. Sometimes u have 2 give up some of ur certainty & let what happens just be. I have many novels to my name, so I know.
my hangovers last all day, nightmare
I've seen a few more episodes of Seinfeld, but never really cared for it. Cheers could be my all-time favorite.
Not pleased with the apps that compete for audio control
Rolling along, come to a DUI checkpoint. They wave us through!!
Looking forward to doing this mornings show with Nick and Kelly.
looks great.
Whenever it thunders over Joplin. Pray for the kids here.
Gamsa n.n
I feel so out of tweet.
Here + Now 20 Twelve begins!
Do you have your 80's mix cd ready for tomorrow? ;-) Have a Happy Thanksgiving!
and I got ripshit and podcasted the hell outta this evening. Don't judge. Empathize. This is important stuff.
Planning is underway for a beer event. Stay tuned, effeminate lemmings.
My spring break is pretty much over...back to school tomorrow
the real question is are you a shiva blaster?
I'm pretty sure following doesn't count as building my professional network, but he makes me laugh!
why not? Booyah
Heading out to WP24 for a media tasting. Eat Tweets to come!
I love it asked me if has cheap tickets for tomorrows game. Ticket agencies you can give the fans
Reflections and memories are one thing; trying to relive the 1990s is just creepy.
Watching my youngest brother graduate college right now. Taking bets on whether mom's gonna cry.
Ha! Oh so very true!
Stricker got hot from the free throw line. Nice call
at the crib-o lol
On the Kindle store, there is no free version of the Torah, the book of Judaism. Now I find that absolutely ironic and hilarious.
I don't have any more info yet...I will update when I hear though!!
loosing something, buying a new one..and then finding it<<<
Thanks everyone who came out to see us last night at REI! What did you think?! Are you signing up today?!
If someone could bring to my house, that'd be splendid! Sweet dreams.
Big games for #Duke and #Pens tonight! #channellast on commercial breaks
Got a Real important meeting tomorrow Can't wait to see what the day is gonna bring :))
fair enough. love you, too. sometimes. ;)
Google indexing FB wall comments now? So basically nothing is safe from aggressive SEOs ("G+"/"like" peddlers I'm talking to you)
that should be fine! We can go to my aunts pool
Just submitted my Application! Crossing Fingers!
Want a custom Twitter Background like our Pro Athletes? Follow & RT to be eligible to win one today! Your team, your face or your company.
Coronado has some great spots to catch #AmericasCup race!
Nah, I think the compound is somewhere around the Saltlick. That's where I always picture it, anyway.
Have you ever been ? They make spiked milkshakes!
Minnetonka Senator Terri Bonoff calls Vikings an important tradition worth saving, which is why she took part in working group.
take the amtrak!
I guess the Hockey Gods must be saying that Zajac shouldn't have gotten a penalty.
July 9, Come see Bonnie Leick read and sign her book "Goodnight Little Monster" at the Plaid Tuba/Mandel Studio from 2-5pm. 120 N. Broadway
hey nothing wbu ???
I can't lie no more, I can't hide no more; got to be true to myselff.
Great place is Manley Irish Mutt @ 10th and Shadeland. They have both good drinks and food. Can't go wrong. Non- Smoking.
Just updated band photos on www.thefunsize.com so now appears. ("About" page WIP) Site got out of date quick - work to do
#newspaces4learning Good Point, I am more willing to share and try now that I know the Summit group a bit.
cool, i need to send or give you the other volumes. hope you like em.
I may be the only person over 21 years of age who's #CincoDeMayo plans do not involve alcohol. And I'm fine with that. #AboveTheInfluence 😃
His (Drew Forrester) reporting is the reason I listen to him every morning. Good sense of humor AND knows his shit. Follow
Sam's on set today?! Go Sam!!
I called a lent audible. As long as we I don't drink soda I'm good.
I hate when people go by the rules -__-
We just passed 5,000! Thank you everyone who made this possible.
That's great. Good luck withe the campaign!
Mean bacon
The Zeller Affect
HEALTHCARE-Are there any restrictions, uncovered treatments or additional expenses? 1/15 ?'s you ask when buying ins www.theprofittrap.com
GAH why can't I get my life together?
Thanks for the follow!
"she caught him looking right at her and sucked on a lollipop." yup! thats what i do
You gotta love testing week ._.
better now then anytime next 3 weeks. We had open looks but they didn't fall. We got our 2010WV game outta our system early
you were amazing on the voice! when you came on I started screaming and got yelled at by my mom but it was worth it!!
“: nice tat”thanks
i mean the pistons :P and he was
so proud of my sister, . I knew you could do it! Congratulations on becoming a Roanoke County Police Officer!
Your mom is on Facebook and she is my friend.
If the NBA had any conscience they would give Charlotte the first pick..in fact the first 2.. in the upcoming draft.
My #FridayReads is the most recent Charlaine Harris/ Sookie Stackhouse novel..what? It's summer.
Question, I just ordered the Flip. Can I some how save the applications I have purchased to put on this phone?
Norwegian black metal is sick.
looking out last day bags stressing out!!! x
"Do you do squats in your boat shoes?" - about the nice butted man at the atm.
xlick been a min since i went on a date... lol wat shud i talk about
thank you for all your support this weekend!
just blinked.
okay we need to plan it well because remember my birthday and joannie's will be around that time! Are you still coming on the 5th?
A client may receive money from a factor for a lending fee against their inventory or their outstanding accounts receivables.
#ARTISTS you shouldn't have to do the business and make the music! You shouldn't have to wear so many hats
#MaraMonday Not going to sleep till you notice me! (:
Dumb foul
Not having an iPhone (yet), means that so far the WWDC is kinda dull.
Thanks! I def want 2 borrow it ;) & I'm good :) How r u?
NATIONAL CHAMPS!!
Im tired of that Motivation song its so repetative
Great start indians.
I smile, but I'm not happy.
Thank you for the follow.
Quite pleased that our world is a little less evil tonight.
Shopping, eating, eyebrow threading, squirrel watching, trashy magazine reading. Day well spent.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way. -Wayne Dyer
Hopefully your relationship with the sunrise is deeper than your relationship with alarm clocks.
I need SOMEBODY to talk to about this.
Hey now, you're the best and you know it.
My first year hanging up outdoor xmas lights. Confused. Half of one strand once its up the tree is not working and another half blinking. :/
Many users know enough to want a few librarians in house, but I see it as a public issue between CPL and AFSCME and Rahm.
5 Free Lifetime Listings,,, www.just-plug-in.com
long time no see :) can you fit us in tomorrow, corner table for 3 around 8pm?
If you are interested, email us at or call us at 773-340-4006 Ext. 101
Great work ! RT: October is National Breast Cancer PREVENTION month. Get active + educate urself on early detection. Always celebrat...
You may be fresh but I'm Ripe!!!
did you hear the cranberries tiny desk concert? It's really good
Youk to the DL.....The Red Sox can't catch a break.
Labrador Retriever Adopts Duckling A duckling, whose mother was mauled to death by a fox, has been adopted by Fred, a Labrador retriever.
I did get chased down by a bee.
Finished assignments including extra credit
Correction , thought think you made a Central Pennsylvanians night.
Way to beat the Badgers, Spartans!! Michigan vs OSU next.
the TEXAS A&M was track was a great experience, pictures and video coming soon "we make history"
"Let them hate as long as they fear" -Tiberius
Are you sourcing local foods for your Thanksgiving feast? If so, what are you getting and from where? Please share!
I shall have to look into this!
We're working on a Special edition of #AmericasNow this afternoon. It's all about Cuba.
EEk! Hope the day improves - Treats coming your way!
That's tight!!!
Where there is a will, there is a way, so the saying goes. I keep on walking by faith.
Wish #oomf would text me..
I need more God-fearing single, black, female friends.. in Brooklyn.. I'll wait.
Going to six flags next sundayy :)
I remember Terry & PEja were 15-16 from 3's that game. Truly a blowout
so glad that you follow my news updates!!! :)
I hate to get the seats in the Benz wet.
thanks for sharing our article!
Thanks ! So honored to be a part of your community!
“Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.” - Rumi
Looks good. Sorry for the lack of communication on my end.
#streetlit or#UrbanFiction, do you know the difference? The #author #ColeHart has written just what you're looking for. A-Town Veteran.
I think it may be about time for some beer and Galaga...
University market is busting! Strawberries and spinach from nashs, porcinis , heirloom tomatoes at billy's. Sweet.
Im done giving in to the world, its about time that the world gives into me.
I managed to get my heart broken, have a shitty time at work, and get totally ignored by one of my best friends in the course of 6 hours.
dude! White dude coming from half court to win it in ot? Great stuff
do you ever get a handball in pro evo?
": RT : If they mess up let them know if they keep messing up let them go"
don't forget Lucio's, La Vista, and Kanomwan.
11 more days :-)
I am getting through this I am still behind and nerves are shot but I am not going to stress about it.
Liz found a recipe that just calls to mix the broccoli in olive oil, salt & pep, and then lemon juice after roasting. Baller.
We here at CNN confirmed with Atlanta Fire Dept.
I say this with confidence stern will not "let" us lose to the no star power nuggets !!
it looks like something straight out of a Dr Seuss book.
Anyone else think Chris Harrison & new #Bachelorette Emily would make a super cute couple?? Just saying....now that would be a great ending.
Today's BTU inspiration: "To hold, you must first open your hand. Let go." ~Tao Te Ching
Oh, you like Meshugah, dude?
'The team, the team, the team..." played like it tonight. No contracts, no bonuses, no individuals - just the team. Go Blue!
Still in our PJs, Christmas music playing, & we're seeing more trees than people. Vacation in VA has begun! Merry merry w/
Besides your sat radio gig(s), are you doing any more podcasts because I'm OBSESSED? On stage/back stage? Anyone? Big fan!
Whenever Ron Artest TOUCHES the ball, i cringe
CNN email: FBI director confirms bureau has opened preliminary investigation into JPMorgan Chase's massive trading loss.
Some people only dream of success... while others wake up and work hard at it.
Thank you my friend!
Tweeting from my new phone. Using Swype. Goodbye 20th century!
we don't know why twitter keeps suggesting that follows , but we like it
!!!!! RT : As an #Aries your mean streak comes out when you’re not able to find a release for all that explosive energy.
pretty sure it's at the one on hwy and greenfield
nick trying do "nicki minaj boody bounce" i was dying
Ridin home to 3sets a takoma station & man set one they sangin..music @ its finest!
I don't care if u have 1 pick in '12, or several in upcoming yrs, it's not quantity, it's quality.
in Arkansas for the weekend
Dear Houston friends, I need suggestions for New Year's Eve. What's happening? --
Are you at #vmworld this week?
NBA Playoffs! 76ers up!
who wants to chill~~~~~~
where do we go to read the live updates?
hey do you guys need a publicist for the new album? senors. hit me up via email. may have something that interests you :)
El Fenix: Expanding waistlines in Dallas since 1919. What amazingly good Tex-Mex! Thank you, Martinez family!
Does anything beat a long day better than hanging with your family?
I think there was ANOTHER poll showing Obama's lead among women down to 2%. I don't believe it either but it freaks me out!
“People don’t buy what you do, they buy why you do it” - Simon Sinek: author of Start With Why.
Just had a steak so good it was probably illegal.
because we live in a world where people say one thing and do the other.:)
It IS cool to read an article in a magazine penned by someone I have seen in person, though. I will allow myself that thrill amidst my duh.
Never... RT do I sense a hint of sarcasm? :)
Looking forward to the Small Press Xpo in Bethesda. See you on Saturday!
You know your obsessed when you're driving by yourself and you see a house full of trucks and a semi and you say "decepticons dude"
#sxswLAM = #librarians + #archivists + #museums getting #sxswi 2012 proposals popping! hivemind together: www.facebook.com/groups/sxswLAM
Time for school 😞 kill me now I want to be sleeping
Make her feel like an overachiever
Feel like the super bowl threw u off ur healthy eating wagon yesterday? Remember: it's a new day & ur only human. Time to get back on track!
Watching "Dancing With the Stars" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
exactly i just kept reading that one though and thinking "wow, okay...that sounds scary..."
I can't believe that discussion questions for High Fidelity by Nick Hornby don't exist. Really?
Portland Brewfest promotion tonight tomorrow & sunday.
is dis spam u only got like 50 followers lol
Stabbing at fruitbat?
not sarcasm. No one is required to watch b-ball just cuz its a tournament. Star Wars isn't a bad option ever.
I WISH. Or a vending machine. Food tastes better after it falls.
Hey if u have a psn account add me peyton112
Wow was #AWESOME!!!! Met some awesome people, and Brian the sound guy (had him last year too) was awesome too! Now for errands...
How's your Truck?
Seared some of the blackfin tuna I caught for dinner tonight. Tasty!
Homemade Chocolate Pecan and Caramel Apple pie today. A slice of pie and cup of coffee only $5
Out of peanut butter, that means it's time to go grocery shopping again. Now have to eat my English muffins dry.
did you buy seats already
The main reason students are failing is because of "teacher timidity/passivity", not the lack of tech.
Happy to help LK :)
why did it bite him??
not close enough. Wish I could sleep till August!
Hate it when I wake up with cold sores. :(
The crue is answering phones for last day of 's cap campaign. call Beth, , Nikki or Megan: (512) 471-6291.
Ember+D3 is exactly what we're working on in Yammer Data Services / Analytics. Wanna come chat sometime?
but I do like hardcore music
If a woman got more muscle definition in ha arm then me.... I can't fuk wit ha.... #Swole Azz
that the world's best can't even make the 18th green if they're just a tad off with a NON-driver is a testament to the stupidity
Full count!!!
Here's a 2-part tweet. 7-year-old Lauren wrote "Steve" in our writing program. Next tweet is a snippet.
I KNOW! CANT WAIT! Tickets are selling fast!
you allowed to have game beers on a day game?
Scandal is on.
It's weird that these guys the Ravens are drafting are only a year or two older than me.
I take #pictures. Doesn't mean I'm any good, but if you're into that sort of thing (#photography), follow me on Instagram - allisonbirk.
hope it's a boost! Lord knows we need it.
Your cat is seriously freaking me out!
lol. Got the white one like daddy !
Amen “: Following timeline of has been incredible today. taught me I have much to learn. And to be thankful for.”
Asdfghjkl ; followed me .
The ghost of Sneezy the dwarf is using my body like Patrick Swayze used Whoopi Goldberg in "Ghost".
My weekend begins
Drake ruins every damn song he is on.
The best is yet to come
I love these events. Maybe see you at the next one.
Haven't talk to my dad since Friday.
Upward Motion Personal Training Adelaide McMillan has impeccable credentials with a bachelors of science + she is certified personal trainer
Aso who goes on that pof thing its so funny to me
I might get one! Is there any way I could see your photos? I'm curious. It's meter-less right?
oh it is entertaining to me sometimes and sometimes boring I know John Larnitis will be gone
you are beautiful no matter what they say words can't bring you down
oh do you happen to have a reference track with just the harmony on it or did they only send u it mixed as accapella
spoonful of peanut butter with Ghirardelli dark choc chips
But I just got up. Throw some toothpicks in to hold up your eye lids.
I am too!! #latism RT : : Excited for our May/June Kickoff Events in NYC, DC, Miami and San Juan! Stayed tuned!
'the squirrels here are really friendly'
Eddie Murphy died ??? :o
im bout to ninja assassin some folks....
Oh, hey, fellow kind of aspiring comic - rule number 1: don't steal other peoples' bits as if they are your own.
I'm really glad tomorrow's friday. This has been a long week!
Love Sundays!!!!
Finally got all my stuff delivered by movers after 6 months of storage and transit. End result: I don't think I need 98% of my stuff.
THE BABE
I want to live in Bargersville Indiana, for obvious reasons.
Hm. #ThePitch is moving a bit slowly...
Team Obama reelection hopes hooked on reigniting social issue war (e.g. "gay marriage"), as he knows he LOSES on economy.
Rule is if you don't remember putting deodorant on, put more deordorant on
I never leave anyone. Jesus. Stop assuming
beautiful. Oregon coast?
Earth Day Pictures: Ten Most Threatened Forests
Brewers are looking good tonight!
Everyone at whole foods is just so beautiful. Makes the $6 kale/bean soup that much better.
hey, guess what? one week until I'll be at
Check out MikeCurtisFootball.com for his stats, awards...
RIP Earl Scruggs
My motha fuckin docta, said i need a docta, so i called house now i am a pill poppa
I should sell beer. The beer I convinced my brother to buy the woman listening to our conversation bought it too. #parttimejob?
Just found out Guns N Roses are coming to Chicago! Yeeeeeeeaaaahhhh!
oh. my. those are gorgeous!
Just woke up 20 minutes ago. I have the worst freaking headache. Ugh.
American Greed on CNBC is becoming one of my favorites.
u said it right boys lol gotta fuck with a Man
haha yea on YouTube in separate 9 minute parts hahaha peep the viva email for links
RIP Davy Jones of the #monkees -- he was 69, died of a heart attack this morning in Florida.
Thanks to all who came Sat! Chali 2na absolutely tore it up in a packed Tipitina's. Many thanks to Chali & Laidlaw... Come back to NO soon!
shout out to the nice girl in the middle
who wants to be a member of a support blog for beliebers? tweet me for the info please, i need members :)
What are your favorite songs in Spanish about colors for preschoolers?
I ousted as the Mayor of Caltrain today.
#InTheEnd though, whether we wind up together or not, it was all worth it. All the tears, happiness, heartbreak..everything. ❤
I just need a back massage 😔
dunno im trying to see riss and stef tonight and i told them when i get a car id stop by
Why am I so attracted to Christina aguilera?? Maybe it's all the attitude...
Why do I crave foods when its impossible to get them? For example, right now I want Tricky Ricardo!
Musings: Don't expect fairness. We all make our own breaks.
yea for real
got music beta from google. crashed already while downloading music. not a good sign :-(
Did you know that lavender is a natural herb sedative used to help with insomnia?
If you're distracted, you might have an "accident." RT Society has hit a new low. Just saw a guy texting at the urinal.
. How long til #WalkerFailure changes story & says"divide & conquer" abt Greek debt crisis causing WI to be dead last in jobs?
you were right. Critical error re: food. Not hungry, but improv show happening later then planned. Preventive cheez-it measures
Working on a new foldout map of luxury goods in Manhattan for the Look forward to showing you once its published.
Wow! Go Ashley Robbins! What an audition!
is that your leg or a blanket or furniture!?!?!?
Congratulations to the Ky Derby winner! I love the name "I'll have another!" :)
Same. And I don't even have a dog. RT : My dog is more social than I am.
yep, all 500 of us! Staying at the ladies are upstairs snoozing an will be shopping while I'm in meetings :)
Those are great, , and what I was looking for, too
I keep openin pwesents but my people & say day is not for me. How rude is dat?! Is it chwistmas yet?
Everyone check out and start following them for crazy specials around the Milwaukee area
Curious how rising actors learn to reach their potential? They have coaches like ! Jaden & Willow Smith were his clients
I know. Thank god! I need summer already! Haha
RT "WHATSOEVER U ASK IN MY NAME,I WILL DO IT 4 U SO THAT THE FATHER BE GLORIFIED THROUGH HIS SON" Jn 14:13
Really REALLY looking forward to iS8 playoffs this weekend. One of my favorite basketball weekends of the year.
Canter sucks!
New photo/avatar: a colonial (1730s) American token by Samuel Higley of Simsbury, Connecticut - "Value Me as You Please"
#JournalismMatters because it puts the devil to shame.
Difference between FB and Twitter according to me: FB is funny friends and Twitter is funny strangers. (Mostly) (At the moment)
I am reading #BonjourTristesse, the novel #FrancoiseSagan wrote when she was 17 years old. Lucid and charming, but the movie is as splendid.
#WhenISeeU i get butterflies :)
These storms are one of the reasons I moved here. I love it.
. Group projects can be painful. We all know that! "Obama: "This would be easier if I could do this on my own."
Way to go yesterday Lobos!! Good luck tomorrow against Louisville!
The lipstick stains up in yo collar was my shade.... Oops oh well lol
The downside part of being a part time game tester is the salary is rated on per job basis only
Hahahh RT": The other day, I saw the headline: 'Woman beats off rapist' and I thought... "That seems like a reasonable compromise.""
friendly follow request
hey girl! Text me(: 7862055017
now I can follow you here too! Saw you on feed. Hope you don't mind old teachers listening in. :)
Happy Birthday Mr. #Jaxshow . Enjoy your weekend and see you Sunday at Heat game
RT : All great leaders have one common spiritual gift - faith. Elmer Towns
JT: Unicorns aren't real. My teacher said they aren't. Me: Really? I thought I saw one last week. JT: Well, you're lying. They're not real.
So , did I read the feed correctly? St. E's hospital in Brighton + each got approved for big $ projects?
"It's Not the strongest of the species that survive, Nor the most intelligent, but The One Most Responsive to Change"CharlesDarwin Which RU?
And to you and everyone else, too:
He's going to be giant. I'd start getting on his good side now lest he EAT you later.
Uh... RT So, writers don't have to pay taxes, right?
S(he) wan(was ok with that)ted sex
which means google translate voice recognition doesn't work in czech on my phone
Hahaha, well I'm incredibly happy to hear that. How about this, I'll give you drum lessons for Spanish lessons. Deal? :)
Took 1st in my fantasy draft...#F!
Hey if you are on facebook add me.... Renee Denise Austin and like my page too.
... money shot.
GH get ready for the invasion. Preseason tourney begins at Jeld-Wen Field tomorrow
Question for discussion! What was Jesus doing for the whole 40 days He was led into the wilderness by the Holy Spirit?
so, Adam, it's now in the newspapers. NBC fired the producer that manipulated the 911 #tayvon call. Is ABC to blame? I think u r.
Does anyone know a #salsa company that allows for custom labels and bulk orders of 200+? Random, I know, but I'm looking for one! :)
Hi #libchat I'm Allison a library supervisor at USC
ill miss ya'll too - have an awesome weekend!
Time for me to go to sleep...
sent... And I'm up all night so hit me when Eva... Can't sleep
I got to shoot a lot of stuff with my 7D over the last few days. You know all that practice I needed? I still need it.
plus i got to leave like soon smh!!!! from san fran and head back to bk did u hear the records i sent to u?
Just want to go home and watch something mindless.
I remember when Christmas used to be my favorite time of year.
No is not a word I like to hear.
I think you have a great thing going...can't wait to see how you evolve! Enjoyed my visit BYOB.
We only follow back those following us. Somehow we are following you but you have stopped following us. Hm... ^SZ
Rude. You owe us drinks. At Velvet Tango Room.
try cream cheese frosting
great idea! That's what we'll be doing!
LAUREN IM SCARED
Quite disappointed I missed this one actually RT Discussing childhood with & Reflecting on the...
dude it's so gross
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
please follow meh it would make my day ! <3 loveeyouuu
Happy Birthday to Craig Horner!
sorry haha. Ill put circles instead :) O
True same did u go school today?
ur watching me, grow, develope, into political threat. Repaying best I can, make world better. Thank u for showing ...
Hehehe! We are so happy you are loving the SLP Break Room app as much as us :-) thanks for spreadin' the giggles :-D
I wish I had a remote that would allow me to rewind to every stupid mistake I ever made so that way I could fix them.
Saw the crow with the broken wing! He is able to flutter and gain lift now. Gave him kitten food -- hope that isn't bad for him. He gobbled.
reply to this I got a builder that might be great for ATC
Totally aced that Downey test!
If you have any specific questions, we are happy to help you out. You can call our office at 619-425-5592
Cool. I'll be in touch. Enjoy rest of weekend!
Tumbling in school :D I love the internet
We wit Buffy the Body tonight at Rockstar...ladies free b4 10.....come holla at cha boy boy....
Baylor was 1-5 this season vs Kansas & Missouri.. Only two teams they played that are even close to UK's level in talent
Falling asleep at the computer. So tired !!
This was my first time at BDOM. It was perfect for tonite.
Stella job on the opening Live models, mini makeovers, the goodie bags, the raffle. #WeCouldn'tGetEnough!
Stack Exchange: for all your uregent solvation needs
Taking the world!! Lol Ima take you to meet my gma Valentines day if thats cool with you and I can take you to that special pla
My ribs fucking HURT, bro.
sittin on a couch with tyler,christa,and samantha and being really bored
Unfortunately consultants are paid to ignore msg > $ MT Romney SuperPAC outspent Santorum 41-1 & theyve won same # of states
Thanks for sharing our newspaper story!
Such beautiful weather in Chicago! We thought we would celebrate by breaking out the grill! Argentina Flank Steak recipe:...
I honestly HATE America's best dance crew
We studying tomorrow?
Dear Professors, Please use some sort of "fair" grading scale when grading instead of giving arbitrary grades. And use blackboard.
we have question: do 3rd party tools like hoot suite and instagram increase engagement on FB?
I know!
PM Wish we could discuss our vision for low cost engaging curriculum cloud & hybrid eTextbook. Tessa can coordinate 920-886-8279.
2010 line was just put to bed. Great fashion colors plus women’s only pieces. We'll start sending out teasers and specials in a few weeks!
The most traumatic day ever,visiting old town Alexandria one of our dogs freaked out and slipped out of her harness and went running away.
Larry Bird. Even though he wasnt the flashiest guy, he ALWAYS got it done
Widescreen slightly annoys me.
Los feliz farmers mkt -- we've got cold brew Darjeeling iced tea, Brazil Bob o Link coffee, and some darker French Roast brewing...
count sheep lol
also working on how much orange I should go with. Ears? Belly? It's different every time. I'm a fail-forward kind-of guy.
"Good" day -> getting a First Class upgrade tonight. "Great" day -> finally flying home to my gal / kiddos after a week onthe road.
I think I'm just going back to that goal in general
great... Please note my sarcasm...
Who in NYc wants to roll to see the Avengers on Friday?
I completely agree and that's actually why I created it. I feel like I miss a lot when I get busy. This is about catching me up
i am planning on writing more about my sessions. Still lots of control issues...
Got it! Well enjoy the drive today! I hit the road tomorrow night! :)
Watching "Marijuana Inc.". Funny to watch the authorities get so mad cuz they get no taxes. Tax a billion dollar industry and see who cries.
. Austin fundraiser for includes 2 Capitol lobbyists & PAC Treasurer on host committee
Did the Mrs. jump on that train too? ;-) : Hip press 1 hour after waking up? Here we go!
Happy Mother's Day
Did you know that SBA standards changed? Instead of having to go straight to a transaction screen or Phase I, you can start with an RSRA!
My new computer parts are almost here
#sundays, " Heart of the King"The Worlds greatest Elvis Tribute Show comes to June 24th www.heartofthekingontour.com
Deal alert: $ 50 for consultation and treatment along with an hour session of either Qigong, Acupuncture or Private Yoga, in Bethesda, MD
Feel like this is a pretty key moment for HRC - long aftr this is over what will she write abt BTS diplomacy
please do explain once more how your heels are bigger than my penis
15% of teens have experienced #cyberbullying. Join tweetchat and ask Q's about parenting in a digital world tonight 5/8 7PM ET at
Costa Cruises-new-low rate on select La Dolce Vita 10 night Caribbean cruises is $699. Ask about special rates for kids! Call 800-803-7245!
Good morning!!! Happy Monday! Don't be too crabby - it's beautiful outside :o)
omg, hahahaha this is amazing! LOL, they know I want them , ahahah lol jkay, but thanks! (:
My song Going Rogue Availaible by request for your productions
Sure thing. Thanks for looking out. We've got a ton of stories on the background of the of the Trayvon case within the article!
All clear to go back to Austin tomorrow!
THE SERVICE INDUSTRY 2morrow at Ruta Maya on South Congress...we start at 9 pm so don't be late or we will drink your double mochas all up!
I think the end of matchy-matchy for most brides, but some still too traditional and don't "get" it.
MKE precinct still not reporting. Can we get a squad over there to make sure they're alive? Or at least not stuffing away!
My parents married each other 35 years ago today. I'm grateful for the lessons their marriage has taught me on love, friendship and family.
it never fails!
Are you serious...? PBR has a twitter page? What do they tweet...beer burps and white socks?
Who remembers Ms Dynamite album 'A Little Deeper'?.
I follow you and reiationship
up early preppin for another day of recording for recording artist DAIYON produced tracks from VUDU SPELLZ
Thanks! I think it's time to start a collection of my own! Love yours btw!
not soon enough, B.
RT : If you don't like it skurt.
Happy Birthday to the Bestest and Greatest brother in the whole wide world #ILOVEYOU 😁🎂🎉🎈🎁😊
University students and educators make up an overwhelming majority of the people I've met this weekend.
Felling great! #winning RT : How are you doing today ?? Feeling good?!?! :)
why does she always wear black! Love her in some color!
Had a blast at Bark in the Park. Took a nap, and here we are.
Had such a good time at the event tonight!!
#cnndebate mit: "the world is scary! We need bigger guns!"
agreed. and that's why I'm a vegetarian. this is 100% a vegetarian's frustration. it seems so logical in our worldview, is all.
and you're certain you're not in Roger Sterling's trip, right?
The audit did not calculate the total cost savings associated with the recommendations.
Show at Limelight was awesome last night. Thanks to all the friends and fans who came out to support us! TVA loves you
Never trust anyone that says, "I love you."
NYC!!! we have gr8 news! u can now buy italian, everything and the orig parm at the famous on the upper west side!!! #yum #yey!
Thank you :) Congrats on your webby nomination!
i havent done nothing i was supposed to do since ive been home what a shame
done via DM
Haha, wow okay.
RIP Craroll Shelby! The Mustang & Viper will live forever!!
thanks for the RT! Looking toward to seeing u all!
It's 16F in NY! Too cold!
I've held in how I've felt for so long, I can't handle it anymore.
Both of our scores dropped!
right on, you got it... you rule bro.... till next time... cheers!
Thank you Linda B. We will do our best to get you a great river view suite when you come in a few weeks!
Chilling right here
Whatever. It was cool. It was a minute...
Goodbye until we meet again.
You're welcome Erin! I miss our talks! Tweet me sometime! :)
Just in: Police announce three arrests in Woodburn High School Fire. We'll have the latest at 10pm.
Unreal how close this is. Four vote difference now?
Happy Super Sunday! Take 20% off our Tyvek Coil design wristbands today until midnight! Coupon code at our Facebook link:...
More great raffle prizes for our April 23 Coalition fundraiser, did I mention Woodstock Farm Animal Sanctuary guesthouse?
Hey Everyone, suggest Stand Up and Laugh to all of your friends!!! ALL OF THEM!!!
The pinot noirs of Archery Summit, impressive and individual. htto://www.biggerthanyourhead.net
why does my stomach hurt all the fucking time. 
I loved Jeff Malone there back in the day
Fun seeing you have fun!
I had saw when u had her on the site. Those pics were by me :)
Deep down I know you happy you ever knew me...
Austin's smile, his eyes, his hair, his voice, his swag, his songs, his nose, his laugh. His everything is perfect. ♥
Food coma... for lunch. M.
damn dude. You drew that?! Pretty sick!
You, You, You, and definitely You!!!!! go follow
Do you like fruit in your sauces? It seems to be a trend right now-pear salad dressing, mango hot sauce, peach salsa...
Thx for the RT ! I look forward to speaking with your CEO, Ken Erickson, soon as well
this is my first time in Seattle personally. I'm sure there are places near if we meet at Edgewater
We are playing a show in copley ohio tonight. Come hang out with us!!!
great meal at fig tonight. Big thanks to Jason and crew!
why be afraid tho?
it was good we win 3-1
Any commercial artists like myself out there? Have a question.
depends on the case.
okay thanks. Always candid great interview no matter the topic.
so glad I saw you too!!! Love you
I'm hanging in there...need those prayers...family health issue...tough situation...
#NP #salsaceltica Now THAT'S some spirit for your holidays!
he needs to update his messenger (so do i)
I want it to happen to TV, too. What this world really needs is another show reality show with singers. Yawn.
It's an issue. For real.
Elite performers have unstoppable physical energy...do you?
Hello Friday! It's so good to have you here!!
Some guy who I haven't seen in over 2 yrs told me he hated me last night bc I don't talk to him on fbook..he was so serious too
"The Last Starfighter"
Just because her EYES doesn't TEAR, doens't mean her HEART doesn't CRY.
YOU & Babies , Come Visit Me & Babies !!!
To me, there is no greater act of courage than being the one who kisses first..
what are your thoughts on 's comeback? I was shocked and saddened when he was banned, Im glad to see him back.
I applaud President Obama for taking action & naming Richard Cordray Today is a great day for U.S. consumers, investors & homeowners!
Have a Happy T-shirt Christmas! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
I love you like a love song!
Do you have to register for #TwitRank?
Prepping for another Master Class Intensive tomorrow morning. Looking forward to meeting new talent!
I know... Obviously it's not real
hope so, pre-sale tomorrow. Have seen many times, always a great show!
Ur at ur favorite artist concert, the artist offers a cd, a t-shirt and an autograph picture, which 1 would u choose & Y?
a fist for simple? or complex? or both?
happy birthday girl!! have the BEST one yet :)
just tryin to get through the week
LOL! I see. Do you have snow there?
remember when we used this
If #OccupyLA wants an evil corporation to protest, I suggest Grand Moving, Inc. in Encino, CA (US Dot License - 2036096).
Yo Monica wedding dress was EVERYTHING!!!!.
My mom just got me 16 new One Direction Posters.... Goodness mom i love you! I only had one so this is a change haha!
What is it with Whole Foods products politely requesting "Please do not overcook"? What's it to you, Amy??
AMA from Atlanta on SPEED right now!!
Congrats on your performance today against ATL. Keep making Holly Rock proud! Good luck to you rest of the season.
Just completed CEO Roundtable Dinner at University Club downtown w/ General Manager A.J. Smith. Great guy. #BoltUp !
Aw!!! Beau says thanks with a resounding bark.
Never delay discovering the world while you can.
#CantTellIf she's shy or hates the fuck out of me.
2 more days of 2011 , im ready for the year to be over so i can start new things<3
hey sista! it's been forever. i JUST now noticed that you have the new blog up! the couple of pieces i've read are great!
You don't know the first thing about what Facebook has come to.
Is cuddling cheating? Because I cuddled Cassidy, if that's what Danny's talking about. I might get pregnant from that, right?
whoa, what'd I say ?
I need to be making some moves today
Bow to the Brow, what a game.
How do you feel about #PeytonManning leaving the Colts and Indianapolis? If you haven't been to Indy before, visit for the #Big10Expo Friday
Sure thing! All is well by us, how about you?
Happy Holidays from Ziggling Graphic Tees & Apparel!
watching it now. So far, it's fantastic and very interesting!
#happybdayjb I LOVE, BY <3 YOU'RE SO GROWN UP :') I've already cried. omg.
good question.... Id sneeze on Delonte West
D, Follow & DM us. We will make you a custom background. We do multiple Pro Athlete Twitter Backgrounds. Would Love to do yours!
sche is an easy target lol . very fun to mess with .
Going to TOY STORY 3 today folks if anyone see's me out its ok to ask for my autograph,but please dont be mad if i'm quick to say no
Love that ! Good for you!
I have to go to sleep so good night Jordan <3
& get some icecream
lol why would you spin to where the help defense is?
I tried that, i'll try again...
sending again
What do you mean!?
What makes a good teacher, in your opinion?
Some people think metal music makes you angry. For me, it eases frustration and makes everything worth it! God gave us #metal!
On my way to work. Waiting for a train. Delayed as usual.
thanku my dude!!! Destroyed it!!!
Very wise words! Could've gone KABOOM if hired Ryno. Not too late. Anything else will be a dud
11 hours on the road. Made good progress. 700 miles today. Got a LOT of cornfields out of the way. Tomorrow, 300 miles, then Chicago!
Because they anticipate so many playoff games at Kansas State in the future?
aww, I missed you too:)
Digistar is now representing Max Calo and Jennifer Milan in regards to her US visit.
A beautiful night for soccer practice!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Dierks Bentley. Because he is my favorite country musician! :D
what the hell is a shank dictionary boy...
so like the "holiday" AVI
Already beginning to work on new short-term projects for December & beyond, including webinars with Sarah Houghton-Jan and new online course
thanks for the mention and helping us get the word out :)
that is very cool!
yes sir, have been telling my fellow French peeps as well as family from Paris to nice to watch our little show
Never put your dreams in someone else's hands.....
same to you :)
will send some great deals in the morning. do u have email?
Some people don't believe in love at first Sight, but i do because I loved My Mom since I Opened My Eyes...
Just thinking of some holiday traditions, such as secret santa. What are some of your traditions?
Girls were mad sexy last night .... had fun though yeoo
what's up
My baby will bnever be a spoiled brat !
Stressing over all this BS! Omfg -___-
I love you TUNCHES(:
so sick of people puking from a few bottles
It's a problem, and I are chedbunz MONSTERS!
Do something for SU...book the Dome next time
i hate it when u textin ppl nd at the same time tlkin to some one nd type wat u was tlkin bout >.<-____-
I am leaning that way.
thanks for sharing the usability article. Have a great day! ^ag
I'm at Fresno County Central Library to learn more about land records @ #genealogy society meeting.
Has anyone studied Business Law besides me out there , if so what is a tort or assault & Battery ?
lol, jk. Kinda. But mogs don't be tryna think critically on Twitter. Especially in the morning. Depends on your followers.
One more night with at 's Jack Guidone! We've got your tix at the door - $20. 7pm early show!
OMG!! You just sound better in each video <33 Good job! xox ( p.S. CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT COVER :D )
Great Quote! We will be premiering Crumb's newest work "American Songbook VII" this weekend in Philly. Come if you can!
Posse is GREAT - but it is more competitive than Harvard and is only for kids w/top grades.
oh goodness, i woke my aunt up with my loud obnoxious laugh ((:
i think i might make it through the 1st day of being a vegitarian...
I wonder if ever got her bangs. ???
“ Life is your audition for heaven.”
Trying not to think about the summer
we gona make it no matter what..They think they the best but they dnt know we the BESTEST!!!
The best thing about the south is are #sweet tea!
that sounds delicious. and I had FOB roast beef in Madison
lol I know right! Front right, pattern mixing floral top and skirt, and a blue and pink phone case!
did a Google Image search for images and logos for patch. Look whose picture shows up on first page! :)
i didn't know you were here! what a nice surprise. love from califas
Just downloaded it...really cool and will make me more productive at work as I can save stuff I find for later
What can social media do for you and your company? Any successes to share?
RT : thank you for the follow hun (I love your eyes) stay fly
Let's go heat do it for bosh
John what does Romney propose for health care reform if he would replace Obama Care????
you wouldn't know anyone who freelance develops for Blacklight? we are looking for help with an install for our library
Ridiculously excited about the vs double header today.
Ben Hong, THE cellist, is back in the band and Dudamel commanded full audience roar for "Daphnis + Chloe."
Finally watching the first episode of Punk'd. I forgot how awesome this show is! Pauly D's show on the other hand...not so much.
This week shall be a week of progress! :D
was the spoiler that everyone dies? Because that'd get me to watch it maybe...but sequels hmm
Wondering if they play shitty music in duty free so more people buy noise canceling headphones. Missing my B&W P5s
agreed. he's pulling a giuliani from 08 and it may not work.
guess what guess what guess what!!!! I lobster you!!!:)
good luck!!
Suddenly my Google+ page just changed. Nice new side bar. Anyone else?
Nothing like choices to keep me on my toes, think quick move fast!
soo whats a guy gotta do to get a ticket to this cirque show?
what bout "get ya shine on". I knew that one haha
"The New York Times' list is a bunch of crap. They ought to call it the editor's choice. It sure isn't based on sales."
Oz is 'planning" on being at Eubank and Devolepment today...dependnt on wind...updates to follow
but i'd rather just go to sleep than doing some other stuffs so... tataaa~.
betch I'm smart
yeah it stinks but i would rather be calm than drink delicious coffee!
I don't want to wear pants. We all have dreams.
Show tomorrow @ jammin java! Make sure youre there!!!! Eeese going to be faaahhhn!!!!!
thanks! Glad u thought so! See you soon!
I feel like I'm in "Scanners" -- my brain almost exploded listening to Bachmann's speech.
Stop it NACAC. Be better.
The entire room exploded in cheers as soon as Suh got ejected ... Happy Thanksgiving!
: Your kind words and spiritual support are an inspiration to us.
but that's gonna make me want it MORE, and want Austin more!!(:
lol I do not ! “: noticing that looks a lot like demi lovato :O <3”
oh I see! She's awesome, when you start looking for more, would you check out my friend? :)
shot he can have her...she bout as bad as he is now
fun! Hope your school year goes well. I don't go back for 2 more weeks
I think your account has been hacked as well. Might wanna change your password.
Getting ready to play some Ultimate Frisbee at 10 at Westerville's Heritage Park. All are welcome!
In a meeting falling asleep #WakeUp (in my Samuel Jackson voice in Do The Right Thing)
Honored to be Stu's read of the week!
listening to the "Megadeth" station I created on Pandora doing web stuffz
Any time. Any time
Thanks for the shootout!
just taking some crazy pics with my bff at webcamtoy.. ahahha what funny pics ahahahah
Really not sure why Doan got a penalty on that.
Stop complaining... DO SOMETHING
Lol RT : This is the best WNBA game I've ever seen
High-quality tweets, dude :)
Yea we fucked bitch so what
back at ya, Billy! Have a great new year!
Great day in LA today stoked to wrap it up with some wisdom from this evening at art center
Hope to see you soon!
Congrats on the new car!
Follow back please!?(; <3
Dive, leiana and The Better Half at Hard Rock Cafe Philadelphia Official Site. All ages. Tickets available for $7 in advance or $10 at...
Thank you SO much Chrissy at for the amazing customer service this morning!!
That awkward moment when they show two penises in the movie.
In the province of the mind, what one believes to be true either is true or becomes true. -John Lilly
Utterly confused. Seriously need psychic or at the very least, a crazy 8 ball.
who invited you to the twittersphere?
are you doing homework?
haha okay I will 😁
Yep, I sure did! There is another Annie everywhere I go :) You shoudl come next week.
Remember being taught about the definition of science in school & the idea that science meant physical events could be repeated, confirmed.
Did you know? always starts writing his books in September.
Nice to meet you too! Want to know when we reveal it all? Please sing up www.sofiafellini.com
Looking fairly likely somewhere closeby you and us in WI
Night people ttyl
Yay! We have one too (XS) PlayOn is good for getting current CBS and PBS stuff.
Does a sonic screwdriver come with that outfit?
Happy Day of Silence.
yeah, you couldn't see my response to another person who follows me. It was shocking.
Everybody has that one horrible secret they hide from everyone and when someone makes a comment you think if they only knew ...
Thank you so much for the #FF, and back at you. We hope you have a great weekend as well!
WE WANT TO KNOW: Tell us why you think credit unions are better than big box banks...
Finally sleep! Finished with #web!
You need to pick a side. Either forgive FSU for being mediocre, or give them credit for removing the head coach responsible.
Maria Sharapova leads 5 -2 in the third set against Wozniaki - great third set so far.
New edit computer on the way! Woo Hoo #tax return!
THE FIEND FRAME!
It's So hectic but so worth it. Thankful for my awesome job where I get to take care of ppl and make bank! Ballin!
I have a sinking feeling they won't last.
#prettylittleliars is seriously off the chain. LOVE it.
I agree as well but it is dating myself. I was a wee young'n when they were big lol
Beautiful (and very creative) shots. What an engaging campaign! Great Job!
No problem, you can send me your ship to address in the UK, glad you like my scarves. I'm getting a great response in NY.
Great to hear Howard is joining WVXU!
egads, now you're just getting loopy. time to turn that thing in.
I could really use a cocktail. Sadly, that's not allowed when there's a picc line in your arm. So nachos it is!
The math lab and writing center are open for business in the #UMBC library as of today, 9/13/2011! Come by for help with your assignments!
Super late, but thanks so much! Hope you had a great weekend.
wow this made my night!
Police are saying #I-70 is going to be closed for quite a while because of avalanche control.
Just saw at #changs in #Brentwood...we are both from the great city
Avg patent wait time is 34 months + going down. Startups that qualify for fast-track option wait as little as 12 months. Good for innovation
Good to see you! -RT- : In Canon having a wee nightcap, what a bar..... great atmosphere and lots of good whiskies :-)
thanks babygirl! I've already had a kinda bad day, I'm trying to make it better tho, I love you (:
It's why I love when I find a mistake in my training activities. RT : Perfection is boring.
Just heard No Sleep Till Brooklyn, made me sad.
Motions hair lotion got my head smelling like pussy
Just drove the Buckymobile around town to take pics of moving day. Watch for to send them out. HILARIOUS! Flat Bucky had fun!
I bet it happened during the move. Glad it's a simple fix!
Why thank ya ;]
"Disco Inferno" Jimmy Ellis of the Trammps passed away Thursday at the young age of 74. Keep on singing and dancing Jimmy. RIP
perhaps. but who are the mainstream centrist religious leaders. where is the compromise in public life?
Does anyone know of any IT job opening... job needed badly
ha! I think this means you have trouble following directions. :) A fine quality if you ask me.
Making those music moves. Starting indie roots rock project. Heckatight.
I'm not giving up on u noticing me because IAM A JASMINATOR
… and of course a huge thanks to our friends for letting us host the Processing workshop at their space. Thanks!
what are those? :-P
maybe she's mad because she has a large forehead
#TheVoice was amazing tonight! Love and you guys are amazing coaches  can't wait to see who wins!!
lol ella. We need to get a drink together soon. Im glad all is well. Im doing good too
How sad, sad, sad. RIP. RT NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83
Can't spell "Hochevar Strikes out side" w/o "Hochevar" & "is trout kiss" & "ee".
Being ignored -___- fine
RT : Queen City Underground Tour by American Legacy Tours – Multiple Locations $20 for Walking Tour for Two ($40 Value)
Awesome! RT : National Burger Month has started! You need to come to to try our Dry Aged Beef Burger for...
I don't wanna leave Virginia :(
Let us know when you're thinking of coming in and we'll see if someone can chat ceremony options w/ u. How many peeps again?
& you're a fatass. 
Hope to see you soon! RT : Its early but, I wanna go 2 4 lunch and try out their new menu👍
I actually like Wreav, he's basically an unfiltered version of Wrex. Unapologetic and just flat out blunt about what he wants.
#thingsigetalot you have such pretty eyes 😊
I'm interested in working abroad... I'm a graphic artist, but would teach too. Any suggestions?!
I'm burnt out.
RT : How Social Media is Replacing Traditional Journalism for Breaking News [Infographic] - See on Scoop.it - The......
Eating at moto tonight. Bringing CD of pictures for and Chef Roche. Want to eat Aerogel. Some of my pics on Moto's FB page!
blown away by #TheVoice and the top 4 has been chosen, to include my #1 Favorite Juliet Simms...Congrats everyone ;)
This is why we watch and why we love the game. Never know whats going to happen.
Today's new beginning is all about standing up to the tough conversations
lol Ikr. You gotta be strong than a mf
Problems are going to come. How will you respond? What will ur attitude be? Trust in God that he loves you, cares & knows. Count it all joy!
All seeds are 25% off while supplies last at your local Paradigm Gardens
Will not play the 7pm since I am still alive in the 4pm $340
WHY IS CILANTRO SO GOOD!?
it's about god damn time!!!
Who said you can't take on city hall? Great job guys.
The start of a new week! Keep it classy America Keep it classy
a very landscape-aware and hungry deer perhaps? sounds better then a total jerk stealing mums!
Snooki is going to be the cutest mom ever
cain will do anything to get a moment in the spotlight, his ego is as large as the National Debt.
AH, I'm in E gate. Too bad. Why is it delayed?
#redphonebox for on 14 July, call 08442491000 to find out more
COME ON, Give us 's WEST COAST TIME!
well, I'm watching glee.
I can't wait to see the new video!!
is such an amazing person
Hello, world! What's happening???!!
watch out for the wind sweeping down the plains.
We should be too big to take offense and too noble to give it. -Abraham Lincoln
Have a GOP ballot? Be sure to write in for State Treasurer on your ballot!
what you been on boy!
I repeat what I said, only louder. ; )
that was awful!!!
Also, we go hard. Hard as a mother fu ka. Good night. BYE!!!! Good night! Peacekeeper. Call me katniss everdeen!
You slut #1!!
omg so good
Any tickets available still for Solid Gold/Polica Friday 12/9?
because they don't want the tracks to come out
Yes! win!!!!! Bring on the #devs. Victory is sweet!
OMG! I WAS WALKING AROUND THE HOUSE MINDING MY BUSSINESS AND I HEARD MILKSHAKE AND STARTED DANCING HAHA THATS MY SONG!!!!
Just getting used to this but reading feeds from my favs is awesome!!!!!
It's safe to say that Michael Porter has completely lost the fan base now. There wasn't much there to begin with.
I really want to go to a Keith Urban concert.
They are never too young to learn about the NYT ": Palin "bull--t" to a NYT reporter children around-maybe including your own?"
I hate people who CONSTANTLY make excuses.. Thats a bad habit I tell ya!
Just finished up a review of Visual Studio 2010 and the new integrated database tools that make the DBA's life much easier. Check it out!
DUDE!! That's hot. I'll get us some for our matching jackets. They'll be all over us!!!
Zombie movies are everything to me.
I have a weird obsession with cupcakes...
No matter how you say it: seconded.
So happy that you enjoyed your meal :) Thanks for coming in!
For members of the media: if you're interested in getting a perspective on Native topics for a story, please let us know!
how about loser goes on a date with me? :) i will comfort you LOL
Ah! Unauthorized sequel!
Thanks! I submitted it live in front of my iOS class as a learning activity.
I wish I had a voice like Jessica Sanchez.. ._.
Wes Saunders. The man, the myth, the legend of Zelda. Lol.
Coffee + Zyrtec + The Mix Up on has got me going this Friday
"Eating is really an indoor sport. You play three times a day, and it's well worth while to make the game as pleasant as possible."
Maybe I should try and get atleast a little tan, since this is the last day an all.
Thank you friends for coming to the markets this past week. We will see you @ Tivoli Village Las Vegas for Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm
Bad joke. You spoke of a relationship with food like an inter-personal one and I made a break up joke. But clearly dumb. ;)
I didn't try out but my bro Eddie did he said it was great wachbattle field America check it out on YouTube he's the one who says ha we won
Tim Dillard, the cab is here to take you to triple A.
#alliestarter "Hi, my name is Allie. I've made some terrible choices in my life, like going to graduate school." [cont.]
Oops, mixing up accounts.:) That'd be cool:)
I love the smell of freshly cut grass
Rangers in 6. RT : I'm a little late on this, but I need some ECF predictions tweeps!
Because running isn't something you're supposed to KEEP DOING. Give it a rest already. Subscribe to Burrito World.
My back issues of are on the way! Now to get enough work out of the way so I can enjoy them when they arrive...
MAD AT THE WORLD!!!!!
There is a drug that makes u orgasm when u yawn
Take a hint.
woot woot I'm in then!!
we're building the platform
i just can't do it anymore.
"Fake it until you make it." Advice for women on getting some of that bs juice that male entrepreneurs have. From at Kapor Capital.
why what happend r u ok
Good morning. It's all good
you're such a star!!!
anybody have an art studio for rent cheap?
Im Bout To Go To Sleep
haha you too !! I was actually somewhat upset I missed out on those shots at LaHa.. but unfortunately, I was driving 😒 lol
The Check it Transformation event w sounds hot but so is this SF-Saints game. Geaux Saints! Is there an after party?
OH: "hey, Soriano! Need your Hoverround?"
STILL FULL
sorry, I heard it second-hand. I'll see what I can find.
with deep pockets!!!
btw people can someone just sing me to sleep already? it's 9 am and i haven't slept in like 22 hours so. i'm hungry and tired and ugh
want to change up your strength training routine? Try supersets to really burn the muscles.
Sound Check: Buckroe Beach Reggae Fest returns Saturday with Nature&#39;s Child, Bambu Station
Got home about an hour ago climbed into bed nd 5 mins later my alarm goes off for school...FML lol
lol maybe my aunt talkin bout i need 2 get them done
In 8th grade I'd have 7 or 8 aim chat tabs at once. Now I can count those who text me on one hand.
I know!!! She had them on all afternoon!!!
eat regularly - don't skip meals. not only is skipping meals unhealthy, it often leads to binge eating
I stopped believing for a little while this morning. Journey is gonna be pissed when they find out.
how was American reunion?
Just know if you Mistakenly cut line in the Apple store in NYC people are not forgiving
time to make change happen.
Ugh i need to stop being so depressed
Congrats on winning Top 25 #TSMA!!!!
Wasn't going to budge from my offer of 9 years/ $213 million. Sorry Oriole fans.
has brought me back to Twitter.
At mellow mushroom getting weird looks for the ashes I forgot to take off my forehead.
Follow a PLEASE :)
So one LA team starts a game 7 at 7:45 pm their time the night before another one plays a game 7 at 10 am. Okay, NBA.
I could go for some authentic shawarma. That is one thing sorely lacking in Rochester.
Man I can't wait to get some more tats!!!
She introduced the guy with her band who sang it as the one who did the singing voice of Clooney in the movie.
Yeah, that's true. But it's Rickie Weeks, that K rates not going anywhere!
I love the colors! And it's all recycled!
My dad is gonna flip when he finds out Carroll Shelby died....
Lady T
Yo did u see Wah episode was yesterday
if i personally knew you we'd be best friends. i know it
so just asked me if he needing to take invitation to wedding. Please get someone to stamp his hand.
oh cant wait to see this
BBC: Data suggests that this type of earthquake has not triggered the type of tsunami seen 8 years ago........( I would still be careful)
I lost ALL my identity & financial information. A stranger, , called to return them. Need an honest marketer:
go away:)
Did anyone else know The Darkness was back on tour? Weird...
a rainy sunday=blah
hey hey Mrs. nation, thanks for the love.
Sounds like an aggra-aggragator, which could become aggravating if you say it too quickly.
You say pop cause you're from the north ;) haha
Ah yes, completely misread your tweet. In that case its Nivea.
Break a leg today ! Get your movement on!
today and I was like, "THAT'S RIGHT. PRAISE ME."
Gasol just lost his manhood to Serge Iboka.
Globe Gossip girl, Meredith Goldstein is coming up next...
Congrats on all that! Great changes in sight. :)
“: Slow down to speed up. Just a little something I'm chewing on right now.” [love you girl]
Done. I see is our leader.
Seriously stop labeling films pretentious. It's vacuous, and contains no actual meaning. We don't make films we think aren't important.
Thanks for the retweet :)
Did you know that of is speaking at TribeCon? Want to see him? Be there and grab your tickets now!
lol I win
Will b Bck after 3 dis is my key to graduation
RT : S/o to #TeamUET go support that new music!!!
&& those women are the ones who will end up with shitty marriages && being miserable the rest of their lives.
My parents used to be happy when I took naps… but now they think I`m lazy.
i don't have my phone with me, but it's 615-818-6084
What ever happened to Sizzler's
what do you have going on? r you doing shows?
We wouldn't want to feel left out (so we are giving her a #followtuesday shoutout).
Almost time for some classic #bachelorpad commentary from
Bear's Place specials tonight: $5 pitchers of Miller Light, Coors Light and Skip & Go Naked. Also, try and Ice Cream Drink for only $4
it is a decent salary for New Yorkers
all we got is leftovers! No me gusta :l
Let him that would move the world first move himself. –Socrates
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living; the world owes you nothing; it was here first - M. Twain
Working on a corporate wellness project for a company who actually wants it's employees to be healthy:-).
Love &Lust both intertwine with each other, but which ones the right one?
This weekend will be full of
Thanks for the submission to the #unifygallery! Watch here for updates on when the new ones go up.
have fun! RT. Happy
My sister is such a snitch.. Always getting me in trouble and shit 😡
Time to study...then sleep...work at 6am tmrw!!! Happy mothers day
RT The "cynical politics" vs. "conviction" argument on Obama's gay marriage stance is a classic false dichotomy.
Targacept received notice of termination of collaboration with AstraZeneca
ACS staff share about job successes after #poweringthepossible training for our clients
Taking the week off to prep questions for the all-star panel at the
What a busy weekend! So much fun, so many dogs! Need a pet sitter/dog walker? Visit www.lepooch.net today. We are filling up fast!
Gone2range by fire department academy on state road in philadelphia I should be there round 10,10:30
So happy you found it! Nice to meet you here on Twitter!
tryna get this school shit str8 so i can get my cosmetology license under my belt so i can go ahead and start my own business
Do you still have my phone number?
tried it, loved it. :)
We are! We'll be up for the opening... get at us on Facebook and we'll chat up the details.
Kelly Clarkson looks fabulous!
Words (holds up gang sign)
I swear turn 2 you is amazing is so lucky 2 have a son like Justin he Is soo sweet & loves pattie soo much!! :D <3
grace :) yours?
Juliet Simms to win the voice
yup, you are correct. you really only have 1 "blog" though, then different cats on that one blog. tags too if you want
Riding weather yet I still can't ride my bike :(
