ust got back now to start to work on school
bet my nigga killin that tour
no way man. xD I don't hate your brother at all.
Saw the live stream, Fantastic! Rock star educators an understatement. Congratulations again!
Thank you for following
Guitars sweet tea and front porch swings
Have fun tonight in LA !!
RT : BLACKBERRY, Y U NO HAVE ANGRY BIRDS?
Me without you is like shoes with no laces, a nerd with no braces, & a sentencewithnospaces ♥
“: Can a brother get a cameo. :) #justsayin” wanna be in our family holiday card picture?
I can't wait!!!! Celebrate!
How's everyone 4th of July ? Thank you , to my followers .
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 38
just forget it! Ill move to Ohio nd u can be with him nd by the way I left school and went to hospital js
I'm now officially a SAG member! Now just waiting for my card to arrive :-)
pretty open schedule for trip! Late July would be ideal, but must check dates with L & M.
I feel like brooks should have tebowed there.
#LadyGaga "Born this Way" debuted at #1 in 32 countries! She is a genius, I don't care what anyone says. Anyone else agree?
stop by man, it is unreal. Even better than the one in Sliberty.
Forget name change. Win games! RT Bobcats Fred Whitfield says he has fans that want to see team change name.#charlotteflight?
Indeed. Hope it was a good one for moms everywhere. “: Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!”
I'm a huge fan and turned 40 on Saturday and did not get a RT. Best Wishes tonight and always!!!
Tomorrow is our Gold’s Gym VIP Preview event. If you haven’t already RSVP’d for the event, please do!
No wouldn't be my 5 either! Neither Scorsese/Woody made a masterpiece, but a real auteur is a real auteur, anytime anywhere
I think I'll work out this morning before work!
my bad didn't mean to fail. I'll run out there once kids are situated
RT“: Tonight is why you need an adult as President.”
yeah right! That's insane.. Though I herd they are having a deal on diapers. Might have to check it out
OH HELL YA!! RT : I wish Celebrity Deathmatch was on right now
“: -->TWO OF MY FAVORITE SINGERS! Never a competition! We had a great time honoring Vanessa!” y'all was sangin!!
amen, sista! Also, we need another Skype date soon! Miss you mucho xoxoxoxox
Closed tonight for maintenance, hysterical decoupling.
I rather spend money baby, I can't spend time . 😏
There's a bunch of great restaurants and bars within walking distance from #astd2012! Ask us before you're forced to eat at a chain!
Rocket Fuel Packages Up CPG Booster
And I'm out of Twitter jail. It was a long night behind bars.
can we have a shutout please??????
#RIP TO THE LEGEND OF GO-GO...... "CHUCK BROWN"...
Happy Thanksgiving, all!!
Join ICA as we kick off the season at St. Gregory the Great Church located at 5535 N. Paulina, Chicago, IL on September 6 at 5:00 p.m.
#What2ChainzWouldSay: my name is 2chains bad bitch we do thangs she give me that great brain then I kick her out Lu Kangggg!!!!
Rain! In San Diego? Goodbye two weeks of 70's!
Excellent lecture by last night at Boston College. If you haven't read Alex's latest 'Listen to This', I highly recommend it.
Motions tonight
what was your favorite wine chef?
it's tempting to make fun of the wild overestimates, but i think it's a mistake to dismiss the sentiment
Your life is the sum result of all the choices you make, both consciously and unconsciously. If you can control the process of c
Wis. state unions will decide tomorrow whether to vote to recertify. If you're a union member w/a thought to add:
Np - Catcall - Swimming Pool omg
Let's get ready to Fist Pump!
Kick off your Saturday with a peanut butter latte from DeAngelis.
ya u were really nice!! haha thats so funny u were one of those kids !
Megan Fox Is Pregnant wtf? :|
So much for sleep tonight..
I'm not giving up being a Ninja Astronaut for anybody.
Today was just umm... a mess. I'm sorry.
my wife and I get 3 calls a day from a co. that says thy can help us get out of credit card debt. We don't owe anyone ever.
All three likely to be in the playoff race come July as well .
Shawn I know you are here! I can see you on your puter hahaha!
Blessed to be with !
Curious about assignments and readings for your leadership class next q.. any you'd be willing to share?
people have cars. they can drive there.
Proud of you! Also, jealous of your uber book club.
super proud to see my boys at spling all grown up
Shakespeare said it best... !!!!
who cares!!! Jennifer Aniston is old news!!!
So Lent is over! Anybody go crazy at lunch today?
Wish my Suns would of made the playoffs. Can't say I was disappointed, because well...... It was kind of expected. Still love them though.
I really MISSED my calling in life!! I should've been a psychologist! (:
It has even been said that both of those guys have stolen some of 's material. That's how funny he is ;)
I wish safety to all those in the path of the hurricane!
Plan your party !
Need a friend? Text me. Need a laugh? Call me. Need money? This number is no longer in service.
who are you?!
I have a feeling that if I tweeted for you guys to stfu you guys would probably say no so
Okay gotta get my stuff done before #MARSunplugged! Time to take over #echelon! Excited!!! :D
Thx for the follow, and let us know if you'd like to receive book, clips, etc. Looking forward to checking out your show!
Getting in the shower. Gonna relax for the rest of the day!
Gov. Sam Brownback: quoting John Brown "I John Brown am now quite certain that the crimes of this guilty land will never be purged away ...
new fave add: #herewego #budweiser ugly rat dog but id keep a rat in the house if it got me beer always good to support and save rescue dogs
Go to a maple syrup farm! Tours will get you outside, let you to learn something new, & end with a yummy pancake breakfast.
RT : The start of brotreat with First stop rock bottom and show. Water Street after? Yes
Sick new pin.. Too hype over a pin.
Thanks again to all the wonderful people I met over the last 5 days! Have a safe journey home, and know you're all #museumsuperstars to me
Really wade that was Rude!!!
Ah sorry I don't, mine are booked ;) Pocket wizard 911. #MHCCIM Anyone have a set I can use on Sunday?
If it doesn't break down!
Know yourself and you will win all battles. – Sun Tzu
"Lmfao, this movie isn't even scary"! * Based on a true story* "Oh Shit" <------- #CTFU yes
The human mentality is so eager to HATE sumthin. I just try to play it off like it aint jumpin'
I really don't want to get out of bed.. 😳
not right now I'm in choir!
Man you opened up a can of worms when you showed those cards. All your followers are going to want one.
AUDITION AUDITION 4 THE HOT NEW TV REALITY SHOW SEND YOUR SUBMISSIONS TO some hot women will b on this sho it could bu
I enjoyed it so much that I might eat at George Webb's soon.
Patchwork memory: disappointment when realizing Sea Monkeys weren't really monkeys from the sea.
Rushers Elevate Above The Hate!
Watching the Ladies of rock the details of #wfx!! Tori and Lisa are such rockstars!!! Its laughable traveling without them!!!!!
Happy Birthday (just a tad late) Erin!
it feels so weird not to be drowing in hw every night anymore
Fridays cheesesticks for dinner and NBA playoffs can't pick which ones better
Excited by what appears to be the sun as I look out my window.
sure did didn't think she'd ever stop whining. "I miss my mommy:(" Next time she goes with you B)
Some people are just so rude and careless...why?!?! Does it make you feel good to be a rude ass?
You're welcome, Mike! RT : Thanks Mary! I'm glad I'm not the only one who finds inflatable cats funny.
Hey hey #oceanside, head over to on college for a #mix1. At $2.29 they won't last long!
my cousins haa.. Josh your a dork.!(x
Invest in one another. Your community is only as strong as it's weakest link
#MahoneFact Austin is performing in Philly on May 22th, in NYC on June 22th and in LA in June 24th..<3
7x7 magazine is having a party...
Bahahaha yeah!! but kinda creepy, u go to fix ur hair and its someone ELSE!!!!!! dundunDUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Back in the big D..... And I do mean Dallas....
> Thanks for the #FF love. :)
that sucks lol I'll pass but thanks anyway
Be sure to place your EL order before our 10:00 am deadline! Check out the menu & place your order at www.EpicureanGroup.net
i like the way you spelled "krappy" omg
We want to make a more livable #LongBeach for everyone.
Take a look at the February Portland Marathon newsletter. Send us your pictures of where you wore you PDX marathon shirts and be...
Follow me please, it would mean so much to me since you are such an inspiration
Damn! Twitter dude almost outted the mission before it was done!
Teaching an Olympic Bound Archer today. Blessed to love what I do for a living. Spend your days doing what you love and it's not work.
Singing blackbirds at 1 a.m. while everyone sleeps....nothing can go wrong #VocalLullabies (:
HAHAHA. No. Left it at work. Breakfast of champions.
what is this Nike Fuel band all about? Being hearing a lot of noise about it.
Thanks, and I love the interview!!
Want to record a podcast, track some drums, vocals, or rehearse with your band? Come take advantage of an open schedule at ModlHome Studio.
RT "Well at least we know they got a TJ Maxx in OK City." CRYING at Charles Barkley clowing on his red frames!!!
Beautiful day in Hollywood today, met some really cool people. Also, Gotye is really great live!
In musty Seattle production office, waiting on tequila, next to pretty, funny women, prepping to kick ass on Guitar Hero Aerosmith. yay.
lol yes there is clean our room
Looks like it'll be a good night to leave the car's wipers up off the glass.
but why am I not as tired as I should be
Whoa. Holy new opportunities Batman. I like this sudden change of pace.
predators in an upset
the money isn't the problem ;_;
MBTV is starting right now ppl show that love and tune in www.microphonebully.com we on from 6-9 pm
Absolutely. But a play is more likely to be 'executable' if the defense is not able to easily counter execute.
Smh deleted it
#tu320 500,000 apps to be created this year -you can't hide.
RT : Does anyone else think Dior rushed that appointment? ;) I think Haider Ackerman is a better fit!
A guy is only insecure about losing his girl when he knows someone else can treat her better.
Here's to having a great day at work with asa... hope and have a great day at school.
Eph 3:20 Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,
Thannnkss. Sorry bout that my coach was getting me mad :/
That one the hubs actually said he liked. He thinks it's eye-catching, and I have to agree :-)
Bama cheerleaders are huge
Have you checked out the latest issue of I Am Entertainment ()? Great features w/
I got to play a ninja tonight... Fan-freaking-tastic! Thanks and for coming out and supporting moi! You all rock!!
Looking forward to some awesome #art, #music and #food tonight at
“: I see the problem here, I need a to go back to the Ladies....” O_O lol
somethings gotta give
Waitasecond... VIRGINIA had the earthquake?! (checks map for faultline)
My girlfriend has been listening I Woe is Me lately. I fucking love her. Lol
No one will know that unless you keep writing scripts.
happy Monday aka Bachelorette premier night. So bummed I don't have cable set up yet!
I tried dropping a fireball into in a cup of coffee once, couldn't taste it at all.
Hahahaha that sucks.
im#sexy and I know it
I can't tolerate anyone at our school anymore... That's ridiculous...
I can finally breathe through my nose :) aha x
Sunday...use to be the day of football now has become the day of doing MORE chores and grocery shopping...sigh.
I will open a leather bar on only one condition: it will be called Torgo.
We believe #business is one of most powerful forces on planet, & harnessed correctly, can impact in freakishly sustainable way. via
Lunch Time!!!
sour much?
Around this time on Sunday Nights I find myself prepping for the work week thinking What Would #RachelZane Wear...
Hey sup yall
Rotary International: 1.2 million members in 34,000 clubs around the world
The road to success is always under construction.
Honest thoughts on AAPT?
Hi. I want to challenge myself to write on topics outside my comfort zone, like politics. Who should I speak w/ at Metro? Thx
It's less current top 40 and more of what I wish was in the top 40, i.e. sweeping, romantic, bright, and far from da club.
I can share my Educators circle with you, and there are some shared Educators circles out there, too
Celebrating Russian National Unity Day.. in Russia.. for 4 days.. I HAVEN'T FINISHED CELEBRATING MY BIRTHDAY HALLOWEEN YET!!! :-)
CALLING ALL FLORIDA WEDDING PLANNERS! If you want to receive $$ from referring us, let us know! We will get you signed up in our program ;)
OMG I'm so drunk!!!! Hahahahah!!!!!
Because of the new CBA The Colts can't do anything with contract until 03/10 & Peyton is owed the money on 03/08 They're stuck now
Damn you adderal and coke cola I can't sleep I'm going to be a
RT : RT : Free yourself of the stress to be everything for your family. All they need is you.
Announcing "I'm offended" is basically telling the world you can't control your own emotions, so everyone else should do it for you.
Thank you Ashley! I was so pleased to be part of that discussion with those awesome ladies. Very fun panel. Thanks for attending!
im not a huge racing fan, but that shit is badass!!!!
any chance u coming back to wwe
We just secured a fantastic new venue for the festival!
you already know my nig!!
#IveAlwaysWantedTo be on top and I am!!!
So far, is winning! You have until May 31st to get as many people as you can to join!
Just started reading The Lying Game a couple days ago.. I can't put it down. Haha.
Tickets now available!!!!! 3 Shows this week!!! Pick one!!!! Let get a record deal Az!
My neck..my back, my neck and my back
inaccurate, TE coach is also there
you're not alone,keep it up!
She's right in your wheelhouse. Maybe more Budin's type
Excellent. Took me a minute, but am a wee slow ~~
#blkchub35 #Amtrak I'm watching trains go by! No
One day, I will have a commute where I do not need to give myself two hours to get to work on time.
Can't wait! RT Location of Feb '12 Hair Show is Georgia World Congress Center 285 Andrew Young International Blvd NW ATL 30313
hi! I'm Mitchell Glassworks booth 39. See u there!
Though the sous is really good looking!
LOL, when all this madness settles down, lets do it!
btw where are you
Bueller's love is more understandable. People generally love a big personality.
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 39
I say the world will not end tomorrow. That is my prediction. You heard it here first. Your move Harold Camping!
Bring on the storm!
Today is the day of our Coffee Seminar! We will be roasting coffee in store and explaining how each roast effects the flavor. 11a.m.-noon
Anything I post from here out is inadmissible in court....
not to late to book your fantasy football parties!! the countdown is on
what classes are you taken??
I agree with you -- and people will listen to you!
I have interesting C#/MVC opening in DT Chicago, let me know if you would be intrested:
Is in need of a nap!
At Global Gallery waiting on some 2nd wave feminists to gather. The juicebar special is Carrot Orange Beet juice- I hope it helps.
How about a mention for the Johnson County MS state Governors Cup Champs? 9th overall title - more than any other school!
In da mix with after party at legends houston retweet if you coming!
Ross and I are in the studio finishing two new releases- stay tuned.
Are you hungry?
QUESTION FOR AMERICANS + CANADIANS!!!!, Do you understand Max George's accent from The Wanted.
Beach tonight!!! <3
What is your name?
Can't afford retirement planning costs? Start with your bank's Trust Department. If you have a checking or savings account, advise is free.
I fell for it - Depp is supposed to be filming Lone Ranger in So. CO, so it was possible.
FRESH SUPER DANK BACK BY VERY POPULAR DEMAND: Herojuana OG! Wear NFL Gear Get a FREE GIFT on Sundays! GO CHARGERS! Full Menu WEEDMAPS.COM ;)
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Brave men are all vertebrates they have their softness on the surface and their toughness in the middle.
Morning Farmers...Swing by the Farm for Serenity Sunday & receive 10% off all concentrates! Our strain of the day is Purple Paradise,
A few showers and some fog at this hour but much better than yesterday!
Work sucks today..
Your pins made me forget what year it was. Nicest thing anyone's ever done for me.
Question: Why does sonic have a drive-thru??
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there!
nothing much . just school & work. wbu?
We loved the day today. Chicago is a great place to have a bike. Drop off at foodsmart and get all you need for your ride!
hahahahahahaha vampire cult... classic
bless you! I could do with a joke!
One antidote to the blues is to stay busy on home projects from 6:30 a.m. until now....and now I'm doing laundry. I'm too tired to be blue.
Jackie my lesbian lover ! Wasssapp ? Yes but I still eat shit.
Also the
why do all moms think tht they are qualified sugeons?
Did you know that Roy and Dale were great parents and supported adoption? 5 of their 9 children were adopted!
David Skorton, pres of , said this morning that there is too little said about NEH. Make noise!
Never mind his mom gave him the ring i was about to shoot him if he really spent that much on something he didnt need smh
Would love to check out a portfolio of your work!
Armed & Dangerous
um why does my bf not check his spelling or his tweets...reread niggs lol ps what are thinks?
Is Swear my little sister know too much than what she need to and none of us sisters bond we all on one sister backs like groupies!!!!!!
It is your mind that creates this world.
it hurts not to see u for a while but it brightens my day wenever i see ur smile
Rivera's been great in the postseason..but it's not talked about enough how he blew Game 7 of 2001 World Series..kind of big...
So htc vivid or iPhone 4s?
Saw that coming
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: California Pizza Kitchen - Pizza (live updates)
I have to celebrate you, baby
Have to love tornados dodged another one lol
I would rather hear that than what's going on now on ESPN.
#Goodmorning #World Another #Day, Another #Dutch For #Breakfast... #Reset &
Just finished General Hospital for today! Gosh they work fast! I was done in 2 hours!
I have two hours between classes mon/wed/fri and I still somehow manage to be late to my second one.
eek! I hope I was acting productive!
Missing LA like crazy right now!!
Very impressed with the html/css prototyping libraries and
#BlackPeopleGoogleSearches Why DO We always need a race Topic knowing people are going to be ignorant thttth
I daydream of revival so city-wide that no one church can claim it. That an awareness of God pervades the communities.That He gets all glory
My brudah!!....u know me man, trying be the next hottest!...whats good wit u bro?
It's dissapointing to see a high level media member refer to fact-based arguments with rhetoric like "hatin'"...
Roger McNamee: only way to beat apple is to out apple apple. The key...HTML 5.
Even non-sexual creepy adults give off that uncomfortable vibe so I think kids can relate it to that.
#ImThatPersonWho is going to be happy and real...
hi Danny! Thanks for the follow.
i realized i dont come first in ur world...
That awkward moment when you want to talk to someone but you feel like your annoying them.
IT'S ALL STARTS WITH ONE DESIRE...
Seriously, if during karaoke you are going to sit there looking bored until your turn, you should go home and sing in your living room.
Everything will turn out how it should. It just takes time.
I'm gonna be wearing my Entrepreneur/Marketer hat to the event Not a techie at all. Tickets sold out yet?
let's just call you Fruity ;)
start 2: Manningham, V Cruz, V Jackson? Your thoughts?
Just tapped Petrus Old Brown Sour Ale.
Congrats on your new album and becomming "Most powerful". I hope you continue to influence others as you have with your fanbase.
Actually we love you because your simply amazing, handsome, sweet, talented AND because of your flashing toothbrush(;♥
life is hard.
are you busy next saturday??
Spring Cleaning/Organizing is here! Are you ready? Call me today (local St. Louis/St. Charles, MO area) and book a session to get your...
Another Day, Another Dolla $$ .
I could really go for some sushi!
I don't like ghetto boys. Not attractive. Act like a man. Not a little kid trying to "hustle".
Dunkin Donuts? Already open :)
the sound of silence.....two napping babies.
Came for a quiet dinner at #longhorncafe but who knew it was annoying highschool steel drum band night? This all kind of sucks!
Green before building / a change in our perception / why is this scary?
Hope to meet you some day also. :) Tell your friends to check out the new ep on myspace.com/morelikethemovies
I know. Total
Strawberry daquiris, roller skating, and Tuesgays at Barbarella's on 6th with one of my best David Bowie worshipping friends.
why is it every time I dance for and my damn booty hurt
dropping gems.
LOL I didn't know either! Maybe it's because I've been talking to so many people at the same time? :D
That's awesome! Congrats!
Baseball players are so hot..
What type of design are you hoping to see? Any specific colors? Any specific words? Tweet us your feedback!
sorry i meant drama.
If we can put a man on the moon, we can put a man on the moon with a pizza-cheeseburger hybrid, dammit.
☝ RT : I'm totally okay with staying home and watching movies, if only I had someone to do that with.
Anthony Davis is so athletic for a big man...
Congratulations!! We just read your big news! we will glad you draw both your portraits too! best of luck to you both!
No, thanks.
Are you off on Friday? In NYC? Do you like being in funny videos? CALL ME! (Or just respond to this.)
Well I better knock out some writing!! Nite Everyone!!!
I will. Might bring the boys through if they come
ha ha
Is text within Flash files created in Adobe Captivate automatically screen reader accessible? I'd appreciate any info!
i have nobody to talk to , text or whatever !
Congratulations Ashley Barwick on being named student of the year at UD! Well deserved!
Lol, I gotta keep lifting, stay in shape bruh. Honestly though, I dropped almost 50 pounds.
Blazers beat a much bigger Spurs team 91-74 for their first victory in the summer league.
Put in work at east bay coach say I'm signable only one problem these Damn transfer rules
it's like that movie Panic Room, except instead of 3 criminals, it's an insect.
We built this city on rock and roll
jealous. I have 6.5 hours to go :(
wow.. this is amazing!! thank u soo much!!
Bo handling himself with total professionalism with after being attacked without facts. Great work Coach!
Listening to while cleaning <3
I will try my best to be friends with Thursday, sir, LOL.
Great to meet u yesterday, ! Congrats on the new gig. :)
This Shit is CRAZY -Same As SHIT)
Spring Football!!! Coach Kerwin Bell and the Fins open Spring Practice today!
ha ha
Watching The Cosby Show!
LOL, will keep you posted.
Independent News &amp; Media director to step down
: You betcha! First beer is $4.25 with $3 refills. First soda the price of a small ($3.50), free refills rest of your visit.
RT : interesting article! I sensed this theory after Alesia left “: Does Death Exist? New Theory Says 'No'...
and i haven't got any yet i have 2 tickets that i REALLY want just gonna wait till this weekend and then we'll see. :( hahah
FIRE CHEESE
it's 30 mins of Janet Jackson this hour in the Quiet storm..have a favorite janet slow jam you wanna hear or memory,tweet or call 239-1067
Spending all weekend with my gyal :-)
Thanks, Glenda. I wasn't familiar with the blogging of
Of the 1,308 concussion incidents that were reported 41% returned to play before their injuries were fully healed
“: and Laura if your going to pick on mark levin prepare to have your ass handed to you every night.”AMEN
don't miss death grips if you're going to refused tonight.
Watching 's ustream :D
What was wrong with ?
Hey there Karol E, great to meet you!
some men jus dont understand girls
draw me.
...or B) create an app or product or whatever that has a greater impact, all the while maintaining your brand.
this is awesome! much love from austin!
Im So Tired Right Now..Been Outside All Day ...Bout 2 Take A Shower.
I was called a perfect gentlemen by a lady at iHop.
I don't feel like finding my phone to respond - next week is last for TT. Join us!
HORRIFIC!! #RT SHUT DOWN CONKLIN DAIRY FARMS AND ARREST AND CHARGE GARY CONKLIN AND HIS CREW WITH ANIMAL CRUELTY!
This is gonna be a long ass day
Make a music video for I Would Do Anything For You! :D Come to San Diego too<3
Kidding obviously..
Whats the point of all this screaming, they dont listen anyway
Great show at the Ballard Jazz Fest with the BB Trio last night! Next stop: Cleveland and Tri-C...
hit me bout biz Turfy
welcome to Twitter! #Funky7 in #RoyalOak is #SouthDetroit's exclusive retailer or visit us online at www.southdetroitshirts.com
Looking forward to it! RT : We're beta testing our new site this month! Excited to share it with you when it's ready...
can't sleep.
thank you god for waking me up this morning and every one one twitter Amen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Disco biscuits must be related.to japandroid
bitch now we even. I took that thing from your bag an now you have my case.
It's tough; it's a fine line, really. I also wanted to bring up the mentor thing (couldn't keep up with your convo).
I really need some motivation in my life right now. Or at least something positive...
Pretty much. My grandmother on my mom's side believes that everything can be fixed with a shopping trip. I never complain.
Worst.Night.Ever. :(
of course! Those are worth the most!! Ps I'm mad you fell asleep last night !!!!
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
Glad you're enjoying them. Thanks for reading :-)
One of our very first conversations (Linda's patio, years ago) was you describing a similar vision for a tattoo you wanted.
no problem. (:
just got done eating at dons donuts and just got the movie hancock on dvd for 7.99 dollars on dvd
you do realize that you're probably going to get 100s of those clocks now right??
u see Denvers Kenneth Faried last night vs Boston?18 points 16 rebounds incoming rookie of the year.Nuggets are better youll see
Racist. RT : Finally, the right colored metro arrived
Woke Up In A Great Mood Today ^_^
it's saddening to know that you can never look into someone's eyes at the same time.
Not even!
and other celebs talk about diversity. Follow tonight for live tweets from the "Celebrate the Maya Way" fundraiser!
what's good man. Trying to connect with you to get you some records for T.I. Hit me up
Thank you kindly! I am still a novice, but learning as fast as I can!
From Graffiti to Garfunkel
i hate this group of referees..
I have 2 brothers and 1 sister!!:)
After 5 amazing seddie filled episodes then that funny iQ one, this crap comes out and its just sad.
My mom " in my day we didn't call those girls thick we used an honest word to describe them, which is fat" lmao parents
Sales help wanted. Individuals to sell advertising on Libicard.com. Long Island area. Earn 25 percent on each sale! Email
The Oxford comma is pretty awesome.
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it. ~ William Arthur Ward
Hey thanks a lot for the Shout out! it really means a lot
RFD? What does that stand for?
i think. Just add a pound sign infront.
lol. gotta be #100 RT : Just wanna S/O TO salute
Hello Anchorage! Dave Kauffman and Greg Mercer will be manning our booth at the Boat Show. Come and see us.
Awesome run hon!!! I was pulling for you all the way!
you should come sing with me at Rustys tonight
how is Lavo?
congrats on your launch... This is exciting
Thanks for the follow. Love you guys.
say what say what say whhhhaaaat
Fu*k a Hater .. go play in traffic -___-
hi demi~ good morning~ I love you~ have a great day and take care <3
Go big or go home.
Mikey and Madison u inspire me so much I can't stop thinking about y'all my heart pounding so much. Follow me plz it would be an honor
O! #GoDucks :) RT Oregon has won 21 consecutive games in Autzen Stadium, the longest home winning streak in FBS.
Can you blame him? RT : Pretty sure dude behind me was taking a picture of my rad new jacket.
After party after the show where the ladies @
Damn straight! Enjoy this one, Dawgs! CHAMPS BABY!!!!! Who cares how we got it. I don't.
Glad I got to see you play!!!
Professional development YOUR way is always cool.
Hey everyone! Follow my dad best father ever
Observation #1: WOW this place is intense!
You always* confuse me.
Listening to Wiz's new mix tape
I would be blessed if you would follow me (:
Transform 2012 - 32 exciting speakers on 32 different subjects relation to document management www.mpsconference.com
hahaha yeah, years. I've been a victim of it. Call it hopeless romantic
I didn't buy for my own graduation, but I'm getting a lot of pressure from the director to participate. I'd rather just watch!
Kirk Cameron is trending. Made a homophobic remark. DUH! Your whole fan base grew up to be queers, Kirk & that's why you work at Arby's now!
Clyburn "the last 1/2 mile" reaching the non-adopters
In search of peace w/ my creator, nothing else equals in value.
Are you officially moving to Texas in June?!
natelasko is looking forward to another amazing and productive week. Love my beautiful wife and daughter!
Best day ever - is now on twitter. He has the ability to be an elite tweeting machine.
Good Morning!! Thank you!! Same to you!!
Retrain Tip: 1.75% of Americans are chronically dehydrated. Blood is 83% water, Muscles 75%, Lungs 90%, & the Brain 95%. Drink Up!
Another school day done.
yeah aj gerevics is a tool.
hmm PGA Champ. I see where you're going. I was going based off desire to win $10mil or in Haas' case, Presidents Cup selection
maybe he got confused about B-Rock's background and was going to refer to him as the "anti-war Nigerian"? No? Yeah, probably not.
My first bee sting! Had to dance the hula with a swollen foot :)
I forgot what it's like to have a boyfriend .... #ThatsKindaFucked !
High quality, affordable Fishing Rod Racks perfect for you & ur friends We give you one-stop shopping & qualityHobbyist to the pro fisherman
i love going on twitter late at night!
If I was running the Sox pregame today, I would have snuck a random 90s Patriot in, just for kicks. "Ladies and gentlemen, Willie Clay!"
Is Polygon? Where did Crisco? Alone in the office today.
as long as we have each other there's nothing we can't do.
not anymore. Just got home. Well, home ish.
Wonder if Chol is wishing he went to UW right about now? Wroten wouldn't embarrass him on TV as often if he was a Husky...
Its official...my brain is smoked.
"MY ARTNOTSTUFF" Facebook app is now available...join ItsArtNotStuff and access our rich-media application.. www.itsartnotstuff.com..luv art
im taking a break ill be back in the morning. i hope i wake up with plenty followers. COME ON IM CUTE =)
Just cracked the cover of Bringing Up Bebe--One American Mother Discovers Wisdom of French Parenting by Pamela Druckerman.
The lightning is what freaks me out.
another thing to check out when I get home from work.
I love you <3
Trivia Night at Applebee's with Time to dominate again.
Back in NJ. Exhausted but my mind's buzzing
Wear something gaudy day! "People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile."---Coleman Cox. Have a great start to your week! :)
your welcome. Really wonderful. Enjoy your day.
oh wow thats scary
Raising A Child As A Teen Comes With A Hefty Price Tag
we eat it all the time. It's VERY bland by itself. I make a quionoa salad with tahini mixed in. It's great
I am so ready for a glass of wine
Great post! We're just starting 's online community back up and there's no better inspiration than Deb for that!
GORGEOUS! I love the dramatic composition and dramatic clouds. Thanks for sharing!!
Sending love to Miss Shirley today! Miss you!
yeah fuck that
I have some double stuff pancakes waiting for u lol
I am! Lol at like 7 or so
yes ma'am!
#penguins biggest bunch of whining fucks in the #nhl. Cheapshot fucking pigs. Can't wait till bitch #crosby career gets ended
Watching Leap Year with my grandma. (:
still not convinced of its overall value to a business. you?
Glad to hear it! - The B Side RT : great performance inHershey.Loved it!
Merry Christmas to everyone!
#Neworleans congrats to Cedric Richmond for being one of only a few to win against the waves election. Bet he grew up a JYD fan.
Sure would love some tater tots from , right ?
In my Hood to be exact ^_^ RT : Wait, does Goof really live by Mesquite?
Everybody on facebook and twitter is either a model or rapper
Damn I need my hair redone
Seeing the rocker chicks in Cleveland make Chrissie Hynde look not so tough...
Yes it has, I'm good..
If you’ve been struggling with a yeast infection
haha ever made love to a man?
Just mailed complementary tickets to the San Diego for you to distribute among those who are in need!! Thanks Tayde! B-
I love these pics, do you now live in the movie, "Juice" ?
really?! Small world huh? Say hi next time you're in. :-)
yep! at Smoothie King on 18th in Adams Morgan! from 10am-6pm :)
Fingers crossed you wake up good as new!
I wish I had some bars rite now
Enjoying this Monday off or as would say, Musician's Sabbath .. Lolol. Great weekend of music.
Currently listening to Brothers In Arms. I feel so safe.
Gwyeneth's Tom Ford dress is SO much better with tht cape. I love me a good cape!!!
Im really into this dubstep thing now! drugs help LOL!
WHOA!! at the season finale for #mystrangeaddiction I almost threw up!
Feeling like a student again in Sec 116.
Lol, I ain't knocking nobody...but do women really aspire to be Basketball Wives, and BGC Members...
u say u like me but really i think its just a joke
Me to.....Will u plz tel me how come u got more no folowers than the no of ppl ur following
#ILovePeopleThat encourage me to do better in life
WHAT?!?!?!? Im not going to be here sunday!!! change it to next weekend and we can all celebrate my birthday!
It's called a sandal. It kills spiders with ease.
bro got gout and the heebbie jeebbies
First u might need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
#YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth... then you got uglier and uglier. Please shut your lips tight.
I'm just so tired right now
i just need to tell you something.
I want to be more than a pop artist...! I want to be LEGEND, known to inspire!
If he cared, he'd try. <3
in a tweet?
Build ur Twitter presence w/ Grimes Social Media Promotions! We provide real followers who become ur biggest fans.
left the phone at home today, so if you need to get in touch please email me. :)
I lust for some trust.
Game over. Pacers win. Wow.
Thinking About A Contest Of What?
Can anyone confirm Lexington is still standing?
OMG that's so sad
aww really?! Yes hangs fo real this weekend!
new remix of Of Monsters and Men- Little Talks. check it out!
similar season in '99, was there an injury uptick then?
#NewEnglandPatriots ...trade 1 of the first rounders for #MJD and bring one of the best #RBs in the league to a contender
It was great to see you yesterday at USC's TRPI. So much information, so many stories. Looking forward to seeing you again.
NFL Draft Party! $12 pitchers of Miller Lite, All Taps $3 and $4 Skyy Bombs to keep you going. Draft starts at 7pm.
RT : Nice to have my discussion of Mesler's collection Notes Toward the Story up at LitPub at the end of Jan. :) Pop in....
follow through. don't speak about it, be about it!
are you high right now?
Leonardo Dicaprio RT : Moesha RT : Moses Malone RT : Who's watching ?Who are you rooting for?
what should i wear to my little job search? obviously not a shirt and tie but would a cardigan and nice jeans be appropriate?
I can't deal with this movie
i bet its a surprise
Mass. didn't solve problems- they shuttled it onto the hospitals and practitioners who are legally bound to provide ER care.
#erl12 rights holder can give you more than fair use if using CC licenses or OA licenses
Morey Amsterdam always laughs at Rose Marie's delivery on The Dick Van Dyke Show. I love that. They're comedy writers! Nothing like truth!!
my mom read the book... and the two books that follow it... it's all about sex. It's a porno in a book.
Twitter > Facebook.
Congrats, Lee! RT : next week I will be @ Malice Domestic in DC, accepting Poirot Award & running before they change their minds
Even when I dress down I shit on em these niggas dont know style.
I need a new job.
Steve Jobs had tried LSD, yes the drug, in highschool and claimed it a profound experience..nuff said. (and no! YOLO does not apply) right?
“: haha, faggot we'll happily fuck you up just as bad as Ali did to Michael on Friday” ain't this guy hard? Lol
What is with all this Celine Dion tnt
Agreed! Very creative & compelling intro RT : Dr. Wolf has a very theatrical flair. :)
I'm spending some time with the danes today. I love them and their lives are too short!
Call me next time your in KC
Joe Pug is like Conner Oberst if you dialed the tragic coolness down from 11 to 6 and threw in some depression era romanticism.
Welcome to Seattle Stephan. Hope to see you Sunday
Sometimes I just follow Twitter users because I like their profile photo. Later I unfollow them when they change it.
: It is not the magnitude of our actions but the amount of love that is put into them that matters. Mother Theresa
#DwyaneWade is at the #Yankee game tonight - surprised they let him in after what the #Heat did to the #Knicks today
#certitude #duh I cannot say with certitude that it was a good idea to take a picture of my wee-wee. or if certitude is even a word.
i do not like when nigga have all that hair down there, like get the fuck on
Freedom of conscience is more than freedom to hold certain beliefs; it is also freedom to act on those beliefs.
What a game... I bet very few people thought the #Jaguars would win tonight
Better time than yesterday! I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
#WSWRC12 Cable Green says policy makers must hear about OER 1.Efficient use of $$ 2. Save students $$ 3. Increase access to ed
mentions that it takes many to build an arts community and her family, & friends &
Au contraire, mon ami -- there definitely are Debutante Balls in the North East. I knew people who went to them.
#Bears fans: Mike Tice as OC... Thoughts?
Looking at these pictures just kill me /: make me miss you.. Smh
I feel you fam! If the deal not right for you then it no deal
GOING TO A POOL PARTY TODAY!!! WOOOHOOOOO!!!!!
Hahahahah I was just about to say DO NOT let a pretty girl from bessmer FOOL U!!
Another day without the sun. :( Oh Chicago you are gray so often, lol.
roommate hunting is more difficult than I imagined
Watching Happy Feet Two!!... AGAIN! :D lol!
Group 5, Public Safety: crowd sourced public art for livable spaces, facilitating open minds through open cities
the guy literally cheated on his wife while she was in the hospital for cancer and then cheated on that other woman
for realz though, we need to hand out sometime. Its been so long, I almost forgot about your awesomeness.
Still, really want a nap.
Part of the problem is the health care system mostly separates MH and physical care. Lots of ins. doesn't even cover MH.
hahaha Oh yeah! It is possible because it just happened!! 😄😄
At commencement u wear ur square-shaped mortarboards. My hope is that from time 2 time u will let ur minds be bold, & wear sombreros. Freund
Omg the trends.
AWW DID U HEAT IT??? Cold tea = gross :P
Thanks homie . Will do
Nick Is Stupid He Be Calling Me Gay But You The Bitch In The Mirror Straighting Your Hair ! #WTF Bitch Please
Currently working on a post about the TWEETUP planned for Friday evening. 6:30-10pm at Embassy Suites. Stay tuned!
What is your New Year's Resolution?
no i can do it at 4:20am as well!
getting in trouble on the bus . . .
"To speak is to fall into tautology" Jorge Luis Borges. I heard him say this . . .
good for you :)
QUOTES: The best way to succeed in life is to act on the advice we give to others. - Unknown
soon infos about the 2 new global cloud #smartgrid Intelen services: Building and PV process with Social Demand/Supply Response & game mechs
What's the spring break escape when you live on the beach?
We upgrade the #drupal dev experience. 1st week in general availability = a little over 300 new users and 400 new sites. That's a start.
Got music blasting hitting the weights trying to kill that built Frustration
#FF because he's so full of it. Charm, confidence, hilarity, good looks, shit - doesn't matter - take your pick.
Cats and music are pretty awesome. :]
At the grizz game waiting for a big win. Damn, beer is good.
Goddamn..i lost five followers. How gay.
The City of Chula Vista is now on Twitter! Please follow them at . Please retweet this to your followers!
Glad there's a 3 day weekend
Several live-prepared options tonight... Mizudako (tender octopus) and Maine Lobster (sashimi style or saffron baked)
: there is no human-computer interaction; there is only human-human interaction
The two most important days of your life are the day you are born and the day you know WHY!
Why are you checking out people's feet? I believe you are the strange one in this scenario...
I know. I just need for you to believe it.
#BWI Charter #Flights to #Cuba postponed until Fall.
Good morning friends
Idaho: Coyotes crush Carroll in NAIA nationals opener
Thanks for the bio and other misc info btw :)
Agreed. Now we just need to convince him to co-host a show with us!
i cant wait for cfd day ;) i got this bro its a plan
You're welcome for capturing Ty! Hahaa
thank you! My parents were trying to figure out what was going on!
Haven't showered nor shaved in 1 month. Wait ladies, I have a legit explanation!!! Pictures soon to follow.
they do!! :D they make my day :)
ms. I need sum pool time 2.....work...work..work
prep or at the event? Stop by tomorrow or Thursday... I might need help. Too sleepy to think right now. :)
Waelder says she fights hard for students against admin
engineering win - team fortress2 ?
Just bought $CLWR
Face cake!
Just like, mate with him. Simple as that
systemic for sure. Colorblind societies are racist. Ask a Brazilian!
we miss you! Hurry up and get into the office so you can provide us with awkward moments.
Lukoffs tried to make aliyah in early 20s—came to US instead. Lucky for me—d/n when first half-Jew, half-Korean was born outside US
😔 damn just my luck, lol
Stevies Stumper is on the way,, be near a comuter, oh wait you're on a computer
i can't wait. <3
Soo like I really wanna see The Avengers this weekend. I need to make some plans.
Less than two months until the Shamrock Club of Wisconsin's 45th Annual St. Patrick's Day Parade takes place on March 12, 2011!
I'm so excited for ABDC #BoyzAreBack (:
How awesome would a "You'll 'Rue' Day You Messed With Katniss" t-shirt be. Huh?
I always fall for the JUSTIN IS FOLLOWING randomperson's RECENT FOLLOWERS! I'm so stupid sometimes, haha.
Craig Coshun just bashing the hell out of Corey Hart. HAHA hilarious
Saw the movie "Buck" last night. See it if you can. The lessons Buck Brannaman teaches are not just about horses. They are about life.
i have rehearsal tomorrow :(
I understand some congratulations are necessary! Hello full professor!
Count up
is one of thee best singers ever. The end.
Our thoughts lead to action, actions become habits, habits become our character, our character becomes our destiny.
"TweetHearts"... that's super cute. I'm celebrating my Birthday! Come celebrate with me!
I love holly so much
"A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way" - John C. Maxwell
CONGRATS AND WELCOME TO THE FALCONS!!!!
Browsing slave manifests on Ancestry.com. Wow, it just breaks my heart. A valuable resource indeed.
u made my day! Ur always a joy to see & such an inspiration. Ur energy & spirit are contagious.
You’re the one who broke my heart, why my world fell apart, who made me cry, yet I’m still in love with you and I don’t know why.
considering how much that "Designers are the new SV rockstars" piece has been RTd, most of the job listings r still for engineers
Sounds delicious!
Happy Birthday!!(: <3
hahaha yeah for awhile now
I haven't had a free spirit like this in a while, sucks I have to return to Cali without my best friend :(
Hi Jerry! Glad to see you on Kupoz! :)
in a foreign county with no international data so unable to call. Help via twitter would e greatly appreciated!
I guess I missed this one. Was this at the wigop convention?
My last tweet to #lakerfans.2more games and ya'll won't see my tweets again,bout to go eat this thunder Celebration cake. lol want some?
Sitting at the pool for the boys swim practice, with the new southern living magazine in hand
Why I love #NYC: Just saw some guy call someone out for blatantly dropping lots of litter in
WILD ONES REALLY DESCRIBES ME
Women screaming out my name during sex
no u wont i am going to tell it so hahaha in ur face
All Day I Dream About Sex.
Omg it's hot
We are pulling for you Peter! Hope you are getting healthy and will be back soon. Miss seeing number 88 on the ice!
i loved thaa video ' i cant wait till thaa new single drops :)
Thanks to and Mt.Zion for their warm welcome and prayers.,
nah, my lawn sucks. :)
#10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe 8. Let me play Spin The Harry.
Go Red Wings! What a huge penalty kill, full 2:00 (5 on 3) for Columbus! Red Wings still lead 3-1!
now following! great meeting you yesterday
Has to be Meeks' 54 point night in '09. One of the most phenomenal performances in college basketball history.
13 More Days :D
Tuna melts are one of my favorite things! Whenever you go home next you need to get the seadog from Erik's deli cafe.
Oh no!! Was it an iPhone 4? I've shattered two already:(
I waited to late and now I can't buy tickets to see
Big Boy!!!
hold your horses, what are you talking about?..
nope got Thursday off this week!
#nsx I want it.
Hey, FB friends - Canada is holding your messages to me hostage and rationing them to me sporadically. I don't hate you
me too!
Griga, Hipp named Slovakia joint-coaches
A good neighbor is one that does not put a password on their wifi.
Shirin Neshat's latest Book of Kings show at Gladstone Gallery is knockout! Inspired by Arab Spring- full-house incl Robert Redford
your partner at Sur is so nice! Great looking staff, good food, and they are so nice!
dont be its right
"Risk On" Comes Out Swingin'. MBS At Lows Of The Year
The School Board of the San Diego Unified School District needs to refocus its attention to the needs of our children – period.
No matter what the people say , ima love you anyway , you are my heart , I can't let you go
QUOTE - "Meetings a indispensable if you don't want to get anything done." John Kenneth Galbraith. SAME FOR COMMITTEES!
With Donovan and Beckham back. Absolutely. RT : If Revs made LA look silly will it really be a challenge?
Got great news at the dentist today! And by great news, I mean I'm paralyzed with fear for my next apt.
Happy I.S. Monday I will happily be #236 for the rest of my life.
#resume #tips Does your mission, and the mission of your company match? You might need to consider that to have career satisfaction...
We R part time residents. Always enjoy family time in the Keys. Doing a little relaxing, swimming & boat shopping w/family
"Education is not a red issue or a blue issue. It's a purple issue." - Peter Witte at the Middle of the Map Forum.
Caught a flu yesterday - still recovering...
ooh I do! Come over to my cube, if you dare!
Thank you so much! That means the world to me!!
Happy bday from Fig and JPL.
How many people using full private social network prior to event ?
Donald Lee...er, um, Jermichael Finley with the drop in the end zone.
Time to bath my white kitty. She isn't pretty white. I'm so glad she likes water!
Safe travels Sean! That's going to be one heck of an adventure!
I've been in Dallas all morning and I've only seen two things about #kony2012 Effective marketing, you hippies.
Cooking dinner time : 0
That's funny. Julia says it is kinda boring. I hope I'm not boring when I DJ. :-)
YBP Library Services () is now on Twitter! Stay updated with what YBP can offer your academic, research or special library!
Thanks for selecting us! Now we've got wings!! I'll keep everyone posted on the fun to come. cheers
And thar Is a LIE! RT : had a dream about #STILT last night......ss dont tell nobody though
I'm just jokinglol And I wasn't tweeting about you yesterday if you thought I was. I promise those tweets wern't about you.
that's one of my favorites!
what it was, what it is, what it gone do!...
The Ride with Lance Sweeps ends TOMORROW! Enter TODAY at www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!
Today is Museum Memories Day! What is your most memorable museum moment? RT with hashtag
Everyone have a good evening...
*Calculating stare* So should you, Ms. Stroop.
what is cider vinegar supposed to do?
You probably wont notice me but hi i love u. U Made Me Believe In Alot Of Things, Thank You.<3
we need to figure out a set training schedule!
Please do! All is well here!! I can't believe #HelloEtsy was so long ago. How are you?? Congrats on your upcoming show! :)
: Absolutely!! Loving #M31000 #blast & all of U!!
thanks for the RT! Good motivation for today
Bridge/Tunnel Stoppage: SB On I-664 at the Monitor Merrimac Memorial Bridge Tunnel South in Newport News. 2 lanes closed.12:26PM.
shit just left from da towns
davis and who?
Last week:Little Brown Jug, this week:Kentucky Futurity. I love rubbing elbows with the best in racing! Catch our coverage this weekend..
Can you wait? fans....5 days!
hahahaha. this is funny
Got a pair of CC 7oz gloves, and ankle supports for my training! Now it's time to get to work!
I had $1.50 tacos off the Freddy's Taco Truck on 51/Oklahoma last night.
Gonna make some stop then head over to the navy office...might even play ball in this cold ass weather
LOL RT The # of Internet users will surpass 2 billion by end of the year ~ still a long way to go to catch the hamburger.
Only think positive about a sore jaw is losing weight. Not trying to be my Hs weight though. All I was missing was flies. Ijs
I use tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
The lack of air conditioning in my building is slowly putting me to sleep.
What is this "phone booth" of which you speak? I have hear tales of such marvels...
If Pluto isn't a planet because it isn't big enough... Does that mean midgets aren't human..
#SOPA is like trying to reduce car theft by blowing up all the patrol stations.
So guys, today I played Starcraft 2.
Huge "W" for the #Blackhawks v Coyotes
keep your tweets coming... I'm learning a bunch... and hear you :-))
#ImAStanBecause unlike most other people his new stuff is just as good if not better than his old stuff
Favourite sport besides baseball?
- i miss you too & yes it has . Too long. Text me ?
Lately, "writer's block" seems to be more and more like "writer's rubik's cube"...
I guess you know better what I am doing so why should I argue with you? ;)
Tonight should be fun. Geometry, geography, chemistry, then Mario tennis. #gobutler!
awww bestie! You are the best :)))
Thanks for the posy mention Chris! Happy Tuesday to you.
come get tattooed!!!
hey is dedication 4 comin out or what
Well in all fairness he sees you all the time. He probably never gets to see Rachel Ray :)
Thanks, Johnny! You just made my day!
LMFAO well I must have chowed down a plate of *fabulous*..
And that's the way it is ;) x
If everyone is a rapper, then who are the motherfucking fans?
I love Jochanaan's prophecy from Salome.
Life was so much easier when your clothes didn't match and boys had cooties! ~ Anonymous
Mommy, what's a Channing Tatum?
You got all meta.
is jamming "TEENAGE DREAM" by !!!
The weather has been glorious this week.
Crazy Dope!
adjacent mall? N*i*c*e!
...now i gotta redo my background :/
Djoker playing ridiculously. Gets to more balls than anyone.
questionin talent or skills cuz of their skills is differnt than questionin their ability & intelligence cuz they r black!
from which website?
I like Bearded Lady and Sanctuary. Both top-notch shops. Under Pressure is also good (esp. for short-run stuff).
Our seasonal #handmade #soap is now up on for our #wholesale customers! Tis the season for handmade soap shopping!
If you already have the band's cd "Hands All Over"? Let us know, we'll put together a brand new prize package. Sorry 4 the delay!
you make a mean manhattan. And the pizza's not bad either.
well did you figure it out buddy. I am in theRE and have one buddy. LOL
How to make a text sound flirty just put a ";)" aha
Up listening to old school KCi & JoJo
NO! Who cares about the haters? You have #Lawlorffs by your side<3
Dudes who say some lovie dovie bullshit on twitter for a retweet can off themselves.
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLC's @ stratejoy.com ! You're not alone for the journey!! :)
Can you please ?(: I seriously vote for every single day for you to win<3
how's you don't talk much xD btw you stay on for sixth form c
I'm a little drunk on you & high on summertime ! (:
We'll see you then! RT Couldn't help it, reservation made for 6 this Saturday…
that's what I'm working out!
If Venice beach and mardi gras had a baby it would be
I got second on the 400 & long jump
i swear i LOVE , she is such a sweetheart :)))
"It’s not that I’ve been dishonest, it’s just that I loathe reality. " i love this woman called GaGa... she is no monster, she's an angel:)
What a crappy game and a waste of 2.5 hours of my life.
Off to Door County! Can't wait!
Any other #AWP12 folk staying at ?
love you!
*Someone follows you on Twitter* YAY, a new follower! , *Someone follows you in real life* HOLY SH*T A STALKER
Tweet me up !
now you know how I was feeling when we first started talking 2 yrs ago. Atleast they are short lived breaks, we all come back
Stopped at WalMart for 1 last errand. Car battery is now dead. Now 2 find someone 2 help me who doesn't look creepy.
So tonight is the Finale of #DesperateHousewives. Can't say I'm not going to miss it. Lots of fun over the years.
I'm kind of the opposite with meat :-)
Woot! Almost time for whirlwind wine tasting along Cayuga Lake.
Yeah please your a life sava
This is so true…every revolution has gone through these stages. American, French, Russian, etc.
The Bears should not be allowed to make first round picks
only cause we didn't feel like going to DQ
Florida Friday! Gunna be gone a month! :D
#homelessyouth Reunification with families is key whenever poss.
jealous bcos some1 said hey......How sick r u?...
I can't wait for RUSH!!!!!
If you don't know Alex Zanardi's story, you should look it up.
These Hillsborough County summer camps include fishing, canoeing, hiking and more
Wow. Gonna have to make the drive down for that one.
“: With pick No. 138 in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Detroit Lions select Tahir Whitehead, LB, Temple. #NFLDraft”...mystery solved.
To all of our friends in DC, NY and New England. Please be safe!
The free sweater giveaway ends at Midnight Central Time! Follow & Retweet to score a free Ugly Christmas Sweater. Winner announced tomorrow!
Keep your body/sore
You're very welcome! (even though the finding aid site is down)
like omg so excited!
Someone text me...
oh no reply now huh??? I see
Umii is launching its own Beauty, cosmetic line "UBeauty" which features a young girls line called "KEIKI"
Blueberry-Pomegranate is the nastiest Gatorade flavor EVER.
Enjoying our sundaes at the #OIAicecreamsocial !!!;)
1st Fri. night Shabbat dinner of semester. HiIlel House looks beautiful inside & out (nice m/over 4 a 70+ yr old). Calm before the storm.
#gc2016 is in Portland. Maybe we'll have home field advantage.
Malted barley. water. Hops. Yeast. (beer)
Sick today and things that annoy me have only been compounded 10 fold
Rangers in the Final 4!!!
yeah we're in! Send me an address where to ship the tee
Hey, I'll take it. I hate Kobe and his soft team. Except for Artest. I like him.
wtf Anthony Bennett? UNLV and Oregon?
Men's Levis Shorts $39.99-49.99!!! Latest style of Adidas and we have the T-shirts to go with em!!!!
Good morning everyone its finally Friday.
RT ✰✰✰"Experience is not what happens to you; it is what you do with what happens to you."✰✰✰
HTC One X Smartphone Available Now in ... - New Best Gadgets
Awww :( I'm Sorry To Hear That Doll :(
"THE HIGHWAY IS NOT A PLAYGROUND!" -
OMG! There's a fraudulent US Airways ticket confirmation email going around (spam). After this week's phone theft it totally freaked me out.
Oh touchscreen, you are a fickle beast.
I'm pretty impressed with what they accomplished.
#BloodDrive THIS morning at Saint Louis de Montfort #Catholic #Church in #Fishers. #RaiseYourSleeve Come on out!!!
“: Well I think that it would be nice to link up then!” okay then!
Mini apple pies are going fast!
well obviously
Had an amazing show with & !! Love you guys! (:
Director, Digital Research & Scholarship, UVa Library; Our Fearless Leader
missed the exclusive but... MT : Tune into your NBC station, and I will be discussing Obama's support for gay marriage
Amen! RT : But I don't want to.
suits are fantastic.
Starting next month I will have a regular class. I will keep you posted and let you know for sure. Hug!
Walking Tree, students go to another country to travel & do humanitarian work
Awesome pic Mike! You got this from USCG? So you're sure it's legit? Love it.
My 9 year old daughter just beat me at Wii baseball
morning to u... but its night down here soo night i luv u<33 talk 2 u wen i get up so it will b nite time for u wen i wake up
I see you have gone with Cobra Commander for your avi.
#eLatinas have fun LATINA Style Business Series! #LSBSDallas See you in Charlotte! #LSBSCharlotte You are The #LatinaEffect!
my parents won't let me!
ahahaha "OKAY" :p
you should do it
The Caps/Rangers game certainly could've gone better, but it's just game 1 so there's plenty of time for them to turn it around.
-- no. Just mike, penner, and russell. Id like to see Colton come back, but he's not quite yet.
RT : Who's ready for easter brunch? Kobe Beef Tenderloin, Grilled Ramps, & Bearnaise Sauce
Long zoom and geostrategy: the closure of the Tethys Seaway during the Oligocene (34-23 Ma) was the cause of the First World War.
Just left my car at the mechanic... I hope my baby makes it :(
If i could cry every last tear in my body i would
one day im gonna b rich..i jus kno it ;)
grandpa just learned about the twitter today. need 1000 kiddies to follow me today
Where have I been? (In an Italian wine haze from #TreBicchieri) Saw news #Oscars Congrats! Woo hoo Chi! Woo hoo HUM!!
I have to stay this afternoon...God is GREAT...just had to have a mini-shout in the kitchen
Thinking about a new whip. Whats yalls favorite car??
We have the best fans ever love them <3
Why can't there be a Santa Pig? Pigs don't fit in chimneys.
Yes it is
What are you doing with your 1-11-11 day?
This morning, covered this "skyrocketing" new trend with teens, eating and huffing hand sanitizer. That stuff is 120 proof?!
Dear accounting, I hate you. You are confusing to me and I am not prepared for your test tomorrow morning. love, nichole
that could still be 4 more wins than the Bucks get
Thanks for the retweet and have a great weekend!
#comonmannnn he is the quarterback of the Dallas cowboys I would hope not
Music fans, you’re in for a treat this weekend! rocking it on Friday, and on Sat!
you forgot "chatty" and "humble" in your last tweet to me :)
Had a meeting with the suits upstairs..Its interesting to hear people that think speak.
Absolute shame that teachers won't step in and say anything about it. Thoughts and prayers.
because DC is awesome!
yoo follow back church
We have UK National Championship tees starting at $15! Several designs so come check them out!!
'green Ha! Everyone wants to be the master and commander. No one wants to be the student first! Experience education! Need I say more?
its my birthday. Please follow me? :) that would make this birthday the bestst ever.
I got to feel alive even if it kills me, I promise to always give you me the, real me.
It seems like 2 years ago there were tons of hobby DBs. Everyone was writing dynamo inspired things.
We're excited too!
Speak words of victory, of faith, of positivity! Speak Life!!
#JamesTweet Today was an awesome day.
Ugg my comp is melting trying to playback this 1080p footage from the 5D MK II. Your right Destiny's Child, I DONT think I can handle this
Hey everybody at Big Beach! thanks for the follow.
Good luck today to Chase - get that license!
Bill Clinton: "poverty can't be an excuse to not make every school better" #educationnation #edreform fine but also
Just saw the French on the L train.
Beauty! 3-pointer from Blake! Come on, Lakers!
sure...be glad to talk
Little more Grip! Little less Lip!!!
Yes, MCTS buses do accept $1 coins.
Love hearing this news: just sold out at their Stonecourt infill community in Garden Grove CA. Congratulations!
Hey your texts. You have very good news.
Ultra-Boon or Mac-Book air? Tax free April 17 is fast approaching ...
Tough loss for UH. Still had one hell of a season, and Keenum deserves a trip to NYC for the Heisman ceremony.
What the hell is happening to Minnesota?
I use the Pens for quick no-nonsense lessons.
Strong Victory. Great job by Melo and KrisJo. Paging Dion Waiters......paging Dion Waiters. Care to join us again?
Right on!
Im dyin from happiness..ha :D
I knew Flo rida was gonna cover for the Rock
This storm is about to get mean.
Did anyone catch the end of that CU game? Who actually thinks they will make it to "Big Dance"?
we're the normal people of society :)
Who said upsets are only for hockey?
Although I faced horror, shock, and jokes about my age, today is the day I learned to use microfilm. I especially liked rewinding.
Hi, St. Francis!
Yo mi just eat some jerk chicken n rice come like I'm in Jamaica star..the food.shot yo
Awesome. I love a good 4AM fire alarm.
singer/songwriter/corrupter of children
neil diamond did the opening cermony for perkins stadium at uw whitewater when it 1st opened in the 80s
I think its pretty sweet!
Funny ass stuff. 😂
Going to have good #SummerNight 's w/ Gonna make this the best summer yet. Can't wait. <3 (:
PIRATES - MLB Pittsburgh Pirates checking into the DC Mayflower Hotel this evening
Recommend Tubemogul.com if you have a web series!
Don't be sad when the sun goes down, you wake up and I'm not around
The weekend is here. :)
I'm so ready for the weekend
Wasn't bothered since all was so theatrical. The street locations seemed in her spirit & heightened the danger she intended.
i'm so obnoxious. goodnight xD
- you have been my favorite part of season 2. 💙
p.s. I don't think I'm turning in anything tomorrow....
Lots of decisions to make!
Pumped for Draft Day 2012. In Ozzie We Trust!
108?? I thought today was supposed to be cooler!
they're called douche bags
So exciting to see #AirForceOne land in your town.
and omg Jenna will be in the ep omgomgomg
Mustangs win the home opener 63-40 over Pittsburgh.
Dad: I was in a strip club in Dallas the night before JFK was shot w/ the Secret Service. Me: What were you doing? Dad: Having a beer.
describes simple museum interaction via vending machine
A picture's worth a thousand words. Just imagine how many words a video's worth!
Hello Day Lights Savings! Looking forward to seeing the sun when I go home from work. Spring is almost here!
aw i have a stomach ache. arg
working and studying all weekend..... blah
Courtesy of now following ...look forward to connecting with you!
so excited for #blameitonseptember :) everyone go buy it! Tonight @ midnight!!!! :) do it for the Los detectivos!
#happyfriday #dancers from !
sure :) but remember my phone blocks at 10 :P
why are you and toby being bumholes to each other's bumholes tho.... :~(
MY 11:11 WISH IS FOR YOU TO FOLLOW AND NOTICE ME ♥ #BELIEVE #11:11
Join Kathleen Shriver and me for our final Unified basketball game. Today from 10am-12pm at Blessed Sacrament in DC. Hope to see you there!
I just put it into motion. Look out bitches shit may just hit your fan!
I did.....you never texted me back. What wrong boo?
Tomorrow is a new day...can it just hurry up and get here already?!?!
after dominating in poker this afternoon i am getting my ass kick tonight!
Any good wines this weekend? Please share notes and pics!
Just discovered TheSpyFM via a favorite fellow vinyl blog, and really enjoying it. Bravo, fellow turntable lovers!
Just watched the highlights from the NNS race tonight. Unbelievable finish between Hamlin & Busch!
yea im not even goin to school lol . Just ask if u can take it tuesday aha
thank you! 
Fans are starting to head out early at the United Center.
Gratz to you both!!
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success
Ah water tastes so damn good when your really thirsty
:) RT : New features coming to Screenr next week so we’ll be offline this Sunday 8-10am PDT while we perform the upgrade.
Trying to watch 'The Big Hit'. 15 mins into it and I can't bear to watch more. Such a bad movie!!
SABRE AUSTRALIA were just lucky enough to meet 's mayor of Splendour In The Grass. What a good looking human.
ain't a fake bone in my body but I bet he wish his hair line was fake #CruelWorld #BlameGenetics lmao
When people say things that bring you to your knees; I will catch you.
thank you!
Every black woman needs to watch Good Hair. This shit is jaw dropping
Honored. RT : 's podcasts are the best thing I found on internet this week, super awesome!
Well, it'll certainly be much better when y'all get here. Can't wait!
LOL. :D not to stereotype, but they are often mutually exclusive.
Yes! RT : #kclibrary presents best case for #Gigabitcity-What can you do that was impossible before? Library as datacenter
We have banquet space available for corporate retreats, graduation celebrations, wedding receptions, holiday parties or sporting events.
Settling in to #12ntcfrank - frankensteining your volunteer engagement strategy w/ my awesome coworker Still some room!
Living involves tearing up one rough draft after another.
I mean like, I dont need a girlfriend when I could just masturbate lol “: you cant masturbate when in a relationship?”
I want KStew smoky....I wanna be smoky hot...lol
Funny how you learn things when your friends knew a person you know now .
Totes dude. Blast some skillet!
NEW SONGS UP CHECK THEM OUT . MORE COMING VERY SOON B!
I bet all the teams today will be rockin' some serious SMS notifications. Thanks !
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "LAGOON" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
diet grapefruit soda sounds very Whole Foods:-) It's Tiny Tim time with the tulips!
read or watch tv on a reclining bike, yoga class or skip right to the steam room where I stretch
we may be interested. Email mike[at]viminteractive[dot]com and CC: steve[at]viminteractive[dot]com with details
Let's all trend #savebethesda pls to save mothers 4 valentines day!!! Pls & thank u!!
This girls I'm driving next to just did the suck a dick hand motion to me. Either that or she's emptying a bag of peanuts into her mouth.
we should bring the kids! there's no hooliganism at fire games, right ?
we are playing in Boston on May 31st and in New York on June 3rd! Will we be seeing you there?! :)
It is sunny and mild in Atlanta.
. I'm excited! Can't wait to hear who the semi-finalists are!
Wow ... Barack's starting to get really good at golf!!!! He actually won $24,000 off Joe this morning. Practice makes perfect!!!!
how many do you have ?
GUYS! I GOT ULTIMATE VIP FOR LOUISVILLE!!!!!!!! -JANIE
I love this time of year when the weather gets warmer. Can't wait for the next studio session! Bonus track for free download!!
Oh you dusty hoe
great spot!
Three nights of Dave Chappelle. I was at zero of them. Stab me in eye.
"Feel Good" by The Gorillas (coming out of the Teenager Wonder's room - can't help it)
Mitt's BFF Robert Bork defended poll taxes and literacy tests for voters, and he called the Civil Rights Act "unsurpassed ugliness."
where you from?
So over wearing bobby pins every day.
yeah, the mall sucks haha
It's been too long...get down here soon and bring Russell with you. Hope all is well up north.
He probably doesn't even no I like him
i think my face is gonna fall off #nomoreparties for a long time
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommas out there! Expecially mine! I love you mom! Spending the day with you and good friends at six flags 👍😜
Catch #JoeTait and at the Cavs Team Shop from noon-2 pm today signing copies of their new book
Welcome to the family
people r still going to those games ? RT : 19 degrees for Bengals game..I might have to dress warm.
#Assad to Walters: gave no orders for violence against protesters. But didn't do NE thing to stop it. Just as guilty
Oh, what's this in my shoe? Red carpet insole. Everywhere I go, I'm walking on red carpet.
Pick up your yellow coupon book at participating shops and start saving today! Offers up to 50% off!
