My stomach hurts :(
Is it just me or are the Koch brothers somehow behind every single thing that is wrong with this country right now?
And congrats to Signs intern for raising heaps of money at the this weekend!
he should've been. I feel like he turned 2 before them and he talked way before them
Take another drag, turn me to ashes.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
I'll also review any materials you may have provided (such as a website, resume/CV, etc)
follow your own phone
Just got a personal "thank you" note from the dean of our School of Business, complete with a smiley face stamp! Made my day ...
“: I thought I burned all those... ” haha. You silly
keep your hair color from fading, wear a hat in the sun!
big things comin
Them T-Burg thugs bout that lifee ! Niggahs need to watch they back out chyeaaa !
Some people just really struggle
hey there... Looking for a ride. We're at Freebirds on S. Congress just north of Riverside
love that song.
#HappyMothersDay to every single Mom in this world we could never thank you enough for your unconditional love!
Sometimes I wish we lived in a musical theatre world... Uh oh
Jst do dumb unnecessary shit all day
"Help someone who can't return the favor."
Sen. Scott Fitzgerald says using fake Democrats in recalls an option, nothing decided yet
“: Such a fun date night with the girls ” I know! 🍸🍰
thank u :)
It's not wrong to have a Skinny Girl Margarita post FIT, is it ?
Curent Sushi is now on Twitter! Follow us to keep up with the party every week.
I re-define Swag everytime I change my mind
Not sure if there's been one holiday in the 2011 season till now that I haven't been hungover for.
Perhaps even more amazing: Mark Reynolds has not struck out. Currently 2-for-2 with four walks...what?
yep I'm grinding. Playing today and then some range time. Need to find my tee ball. Ugh.
#whatif you joined a community you had an instinctive aversion to, and involved yourself deeply enough to learn something valuable from it?
Just got back from an amazing drvie through Waterman Cyn to Lake Arrowhead!
Dinner and drinks tonight around 8?
Thanks David! Glad you enjoyed it! RT : Wonderful presentation and video. Looked like a great turnout.
Nothing much, U?
3rd and 3. Brady passes to Welker and He Gains 13 yards and thats a First down.
Looking forward to the three hours of free time I'll have tonight by NOT watching the Oscars.
I wanna get some drinks tonight.
ITS A CHOW CHOW
Who the hell wakes up at 8 in the morning on a saturday and says, " let's go to goodwill".
Game 7 NY vs WAS who are you picking?
GET INSIDE THE REAL. Rihanna rehearsing with Hi Hat and her dancers for "Where Have You Been" music video. Part 1
oh girl, it's my pleasure! I'm also cruising for a coffee table, pref tiered. Ler me know if you find anything!
I celebrated last nite cuz I got sum fantastic news! Tequila Sunrise ;) I 4got how good those taste! Hadn't had 1 in 4ever. Life is good!
Girl with the bacon tattoo haha awesome
oh yes darling :) lmao I was at public and I thought about getting you a " Baby Shower " balloon !!! Hahaha =]
I understand Dauson -- no worries! I know you'll get your manuscript looking great and to me just as quick as possible!
oh yea, i forgot, if you need graphx for flyers hit me up on myspace or email . myspace.com/magikentpromotions
trying to figure out Sway. Got it all but the bridge: "there must be ways to find out". Any pointers?
When I am on Jeopardy, & another contestant guesses "DonkeyPunch", I will fall down in uncontrollable laughter & have to forfeit.
Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm. - Publilius Syrus
I hate when other people than my mom tell me what to o
I'm so in!
weird i dont like that
just saw one of our zombies. Alexis on channel 5 Beach Body
: this Serious Games conference is right up our alley. Sorry you can't be here. Follow along with
Stop wrong #
Get matching tattoos with Zayn (:
DWTS theory: producers knew all along that no one was close to the #packnation vote so they delayed DD getting straight 10s until this week.
okay and nothing much either just chillin ...
Trapeze Asset Management Inc., Randall Abramson and Herbert Abramson Settle with the Ontario Securities Commission
Oh nah, we are just friends....he really is good peoples....
Currently looking at the Downtwon LA Film Fest to submit Colfax to.
Got a new hair straightner! The other was dying slowly....just like my TV.
Record day in sales yesterday at the soap guy! Thank you guys for all your business over the years! We love you!
I hope so! The closest to me they're coming is NY and Maine so prob NY!!
sorry, not a spammer. check to see if they are setup to a Twitterfeed, that's the def of a spammer. I'm as real as it gets.
RT : is my new favorite place to get delicious and reasonably priced food, i love it! // thanks!!
Sent her the " :-P " cuz im NASTY!!
Gwyneth Paltrow looks stunning omg.
and more expensive
The awkward moment when you're on Tumblr and a picture of a naked girl comes out and you just like "o'':" and scroll down quick.
will you be my date to the book release on Saturday at ?
okay twin. 👊
Hey sports fans we're having a superbowl preview on The Curtain Call this thursday. Check us out at 6 pm on www.slaminternetradio.com.
& this dumb nigga ask how did I carry a child for 9mnths.. WTF lol. I am so done w/ ppl seriously.
one of my favorite tours in Kentucky. Jim Rutledge is a fascinating man.
how did u find out
It's really none of your damn business now is it?
can't wait to c the episode.. Wish he hadn't been cancelled..:(
DONATE!!!!! And #cbj game is much better
Shit, I already know
and how would you know this? You never saw me haha lol but thank you for the lovely compliment! :D
Loving my new car so much! Big thanks to Kim & Josh @ Jay Wolfe Honda!
Are you ready for the world premiere?!?!?
Me and my bestfriend 's wish is that you follow us bckk <3 please make com true((: love you
hopefully I can, the only way I'd go is if I can get VIPS lol :-)
My least favorite food to eat after smoking a fat bowl is now packing peanuts.
RT It's less about courage and more about being okay with people not liking you - at #gradnation luncheon
decision decision.
Glue looks awesome but I'm not going. Skiing for a few days and then SXSW. Maybe try to sneak in a trip to Spring Training.
Yes! Please do. Account is already hilarious but it would be huge...
Coto has too hit the body and the arms don't worry about the head til later in the fight
- I've fallen in love with your words. They fill my soul with wisdom and light.
RT : LB Mason Foster worked at middle LB all camp and Coach said he had a good 3 days.
Find us on ustream live the potcast
Dude ur killing me. Belly laughing.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE!I hope all your new years and your new years resolution, is too fucking amazing<3party hard!n.n
great meeting you today
In Agile class hearing story about moving from Coldfusion to Java because kid-out-of-college CF developer did bad dev patterns. :-(
Last class of semester complete. Only grades left, then the real work paper writing begins.
"(when) actions cease to be private..culture w/ collapse. You can't run a poker-type game when the players..can read the cards clearly."
How is Monday going so far?
I'm from bmore. You?
lol, yeah I assumed it was so far out of my reach, I never even looked. :)
Don't know about plans for Occupy #SuperBowl this weekend, but he's doing a wonderful job for Occupy #Chick-fil-A Thanks!
Too bad my Mom is at work …
sorry for the late response...thanks thoo help us spread the wordd
The grammys is to boring, all those CMT singers lOl
yum. So very much agreement with you.
I remember when Jeremy Lin couldn't get on the court for the Warriors... so they cut him..hmm figures.
“: Musicians: get out and meet your audience. If u take the time to talk to just 1 fan, u've got a fan for life.” Good Word!
Nah. I handle my caffeine like a champ.
Thank you great artist" going to jam you all evening, thanks a bunch for everything ---you rock all of you reverb musicians !!! thank you !
Who goes around and deletes videos? Stupid.
these next few months are going to the best times of my life :)
welcome! twitter is so much better than facebook.
Just had the best burger ever
Internal Medicine Residents have started a blog! Visit osuim.com to see what they're up to!
Speaking of Mr. Cromer, he directed WHEN THE RAIN STOPS FALLING in New York. John Gawlik takes the reins for Circle Theatre. On the list!
I'm can't get out of bed in the morning whether I went to sleep early or not.
is awesome!!! Glad I go back tomorrow! Hope one of my homebrews places in the comp...
I didn't realize Rapinoe was also on Magic jack!
Q4 I use them with my hubby and he's even started trying more vegetables. Last week, it was artichoke!
where are you....and why arent I there
I hate Girls that say that hate boys with no job N Dnt have a Fuk'n job their self
Well here comes the snow Boston global warming over.
yeah, there's Definitely a couple I would definitely use man. Especially the ”I leave my body” joint. That's crazy!
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday - Dale Carnegie. Keep Smiling.
Congrats to WHS Animal Control Officers Ted Deppner & Shawn Covington, winners of Council of Governments' Wildlife Rescue of the Year Award!
CCM at Duck Island now to Johnny Mango! Pushing cars out of the snow along the way!
Thats what I love about Sunday cat nappin on a porch swing, you curled up next to me the smell of jasmine wakes us up
I wish people would communicate with me...
My eyes have that natural high look when i don't wear eyeliner
#sqlplus #macos #oracle You betcha, love the article, use the client everyday now, made my life easier, TY.
it tilts me that the ESPN in your name is not capitalized. Just had to point that out.
Make sure y'all follow
With the news that Cammalleri being traded during a game and pulled after 2nd, what's weirdest trade Tom's seen -Eric IGH
lol I saw your tweet argument awhile back...I wouldn't let it get to you that big, it's just youtube man.
There is a reason I changed my wallpaper this morning to a pic of Darius Miller.
Our microbrew sodas are the shizzle! RT : RT Birch Beer was the best I love Birch Beer!
Lehigh Wrestling and Basketball are having killer seasons!
you left #Buzzcation without buying your team a drink?!?
Shit. They do that all the time with us...for fun.
fun lunch w/ SLab and other pals today, but now I can't get the Monty Python "Philosopher's Song" out of my head.
Get started on your new image. Call us 877-879-1809
lol that weak ass cut
What it is playboy?!! Long time, bruh!
Yah I get to go back to school tomorrow
You're in Florida, of course it feels like summer!
Time is the measure of motion between two moments.
Either way, wish me luck. After all, it is my neighborhood.
I freaking love my wildcats.
ohh wow ! That's beautiful! Like you austin?;)
“: SWEEP. #lakings” Awesome!!!!
Are you going to the social media summit?!
If we not in a relationship I don't owe you a explanation for anything that I do.
As VO talent we need to keep motto "I just like to smile, smiling's my favorite"...it will go far on your next project.
The Bulls were missing one thing... Me there.
Sounds like you need to set your alarm for a bit earlier. You can do it!
Can't wait!
Learn something this weekend in the world of sports? Call NOW at 888-640-9385, or text him at 2247-640-640.
Giving the Steely Dan album Two Against Nature a listen for the first time. Lets see how it goes.
Good luck!
LOL I think he says that to all the girls :)
Hey! Have you read twilight?
- May it be a success for all ---
anyone who has an iPad be ready to download a ton of new games im working on! Also going to make one for free! In celebration of my birthday
Dinner for 60 done, easypeasy! New sous was a no show, so mama knocked it out alone...I can always count on me! Me feet hurt though.
Parents are the last people on earth who ought to have children.
Pueblo means the People, or Public, and We Need Your Support, to not be the first Nuclear Plant Build in the Western States in 30+ Years!
thanks for the follow
What a great day :P
My lovely wife worked my ass off today doing yard work.. Nice day for it but I am ready to rest and a cold beverage.
RT : Unsubscribing from one sketchy high school "friend" at a time.
Every few days I remember Google+ exists.
When we are scared and anxious we tend to eat because chewing helps; make a nourishing meal & chew a lot. Focus gently to quiet your mind .
My own personal day of atonement. Just reimbursed NY Public Library for book I borrowed & lost a few, err, years ago.
it does!! LOVE that game! I smell a game night...
#Yankees take the first game of the series against the #Rays by a score of 5-3.
Thank you lover! xo
buy some flowers. buy a card. & sing her a song.
really tired, but I can't sleep :/
Come visit CARS at our PARKing Day LA spot in front of the Wiltern Building on Friday from 10-3. We invited local artists to come perform!
Paul Jr & Rachel Teutul of American Chopper Jr vs Sr in the house with us this weekend! centralonline.tv for locations or watch online.
going on shortly! just rocked my face off... Minneapolis represent-
YES! I just walked by! It looks amazing. can't wait to try it!
New York, South Beach, Boston, LA, San Fran, Chicago - we all know that's ALL of America!!!!
exactly my thoughts too
I'm actually surprised at this, since SMU is generally pretty public about other crimes these days. Sad, but glad students care.
What monster put the coffee machine in the meeting room, then put a meeting that can't be interrupted in there? *withers*
"I Made It" is only of the most underrated ssongs
I like Kansas for the National Title.
I feel like there's somethin wrong with ya phone
Really feels like punching something today..
I was under the weather!
A daughter on her way to see her mother in the hospital is run over in act of road rage. reports live from Fairfax Co on News4
Good Luck Tomorrow Lady Vols are up next to take a shot at No. 1 Tide and try to knock them from the undefeated ranks
And now I'm going to stop this before it starts slopping all over Twitter! lol RT : You're being more than generous.
An everyblog named Opinions You've Already Heard About Things You Already Know.
Thanks to be my idol :')
I wanna see We Came As Romans and Miss May I play live!
Be as radical as reality.
Awesome! RT : Keep an eye on your home page, it will let you know when classmates and colleagues join LinkedIn
Awww it won't let me give you anymore :( But I still have Klout to give!
i rather actually coming towards where you are. trust me on this.
What is the leading/largest enterprise search solution in the market? And how did they get so big? Organic or through acquisition.
awesome yoga workshop huh? See you thursday my friend
Do you even understand how difficult it is to sneak your phone into the werk bathroom when you never have pockets?
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
The informal economy ha been excluded from capitalism-by 2020 will contain majority of workers.
TIP - When choosing and registering a domain name, avoid using any extra characters like apostrophes and hyphens.
Why is Adam Levine so hot?
Hello my love!!
heh. I heard chatter along those lines :)
Beliebers you for love you are everything to loqura never forget
24. #Padres 2 #Brewers 0 | A pitching duel / game winner by Mark Kotsay / clutch former Brewer.
Total Security Summit this upcoming Monday in Atlanta! Look for our live tweets throughout the day!
Not a fan of Lebron James' glasses.
Charles Burns Black Hole is probably one of my favorite mystery / noir books in a long time
What are the odds we see Yost do his best Hal McRae impression during his press confernce?
Darft and develop went out the window the second Peyton inked the contract
This Norfolk State / Missouri game is scary if you're a fan. No matter how good you may be, size matters in tourney.
Didn't think it was possible to know too much about Don Draper's sex life.
I know I saw your tweet :) & now I have a reason to call you that.
This weather right now>>>>>
#3WordsForYou I hate you.
Sigh. Wish you were here...
Today is a GOO:D Day! xx
Did you receive the email?
what is the matter with you guys..
Happy Mother's Day, Todd. (Some lines may never die.)
Never Judge A Book By Its Cover, You'll Get The Wrong Story.
After party clean up. Getting ready for new shoots.
Watchin Bruce Almighty
Happiness hangover after Flux Pavilion and Feed Me at Pump House, CPH last night
whateve im sure you do go with her u aint got to lie...
Welcome new followers Ben Mathai , Jay Justice , Ayden Rae Foundation
Thank you for being patient....for The Patient Patient.
I can't believe issue 3 passed, smh
was also really bad through out the game!
Uh oh... I may start to turn orange now!
Does your phone take video?
you're going to be in Baton Rouge at #LSU stadium?! Omg I have to see you!!
Former San Diego Museum of Art curator Malcolm Warner back in Southern California, takes over Laguna Art Museum
get the ball out of behanan's hands- 59% looks high for him right now
Cute photo on your Tumblr! :D
amen to that
PULSE Barre is coming up at 10:30..space is still available! See you at Romney!
good morning!
Harmony is the last thing I can handle today
Finding out your grandma got into a cad accident while your mile and miles away.... Excuse me while I cry over here.
RT if you love Larry Stylinson.
Reminder, GEAR Con meeting 7pm tonight at Kennedy School (in the restaurant).
walking the red carpet at
Game 4 in Boston #Celtics vs
"become a better writer" to improve communication.
Pens vs Flyers is melting my addled mind. Time for another Malibu and Pineapple.
Gingrich just requeste secret service. He received credible threats of glitter bomb.
Go rangers eh
In Feb '85, Foreigner top the charts in the US and UK with the single "I Want To Know What Love Is".
should i get 3's or 2s?
Add Me <3
Virginia Senate will be tied at 20 -20 but Lt Gov Bolling has deciding vote. Recount may not change Houck -Reeves final count 86 vote differ
dream come true,you are my dream... follow me
Missing Andrew
Not much time left to take advantage of 100% accelerated depreciation! Call (913) 915 - 6089 now, for great holiday savings!
Okay Guys Time For Sleep#GOOD NIGHT¤I love u aLL..Ciao!!!
lol ok bet!!
Sweet! See you there! RT : We will see you in Columbus! It's been a long time since TRB XII
I NEED MY INTERNET TUBES
Call her in the morning
I need to quit being such a girl about things.
Apparently I bother people with just my presence. Ok. Cool. As if my self-esteem wasn't low enough. Thanks. I appreciate it.
Braves are on tv today.
not you(:
It is an honor for me then. Thank you for sharing it <3 Hugs
forgive and forget but don't forget why you're here
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP;
If you're tuning in right now I'm interviewing for about her life as a performance artist.
I think they all cute but i have to say Niall or Zayn do u like jedward? :) :P
Ur mommas like a vacuum, she sucks, blows, and gets laid in the closet..
Electric Avenue #NowPlaying on
The Poor people try to dress rich and the rich people dress poor
umm does it require me giving you me password If it does no thanks.
In San Francisco back in 2009 - you?
Shit happens. What can i say.
“: hence the hashtag! bottle of red at dinner was enuff. No hard stuff during lent.”
Who the hell is Lil' Boosie?
Congratulations to all the graduates this weekend! Best wishes from PRO-ED for the next step on your journeys!
thnxs..LOREN:D!!!i got a new number and text you but don't know if you got it?
Dream Job has just been added to the ROCK STEADY show-this Sat. at #JBs in #Kent OH w/ Northern Whale, Attic Dreams &more
They all in her ear 'Get an abortion' is what they said, maybe... But she still a mother, just the mother of a dead baby...
I have heard great things about that phone too, never used it though. #Android is growing to be one of my best friends :)
woah. for what?
Actually if they could give me the answer I could make mint and retire!
what do ppl do instead?
RT : DOES ANYONE HAVE A TUBA WE CAN BORROW FOR AN EVENT ON FRIDAY 4/20? If so, please e-mail .
Oh I wanna dance with somebody! I wanna feel the heat with some body!
Farm Bureau of Michigan Invests in Technology to Expedite and Enhance Customer Service; Achieves Improvements and ROI ...
Seriously waitin for Madonna to fall. Her age is really showing. It's like watching Betty White dance.
Someone shouting in the backround. Anyone hear it?
Actually out ballroom dancing at a bar. Really.
today I hit 82.8 in se portland - my parents in happy valley finally hit 80 degrees today! first time this year!
You know you have no life when you have 11,952 tweets!!! I bet you check .. 😏
I love your quotes Alex, they make me feel strong<3
#mgmsin thanking the direct to you people for every hand out of call girls.
How many different ways can you say something but mean the same thing in order to convey a message that a student isn't getting?
Tues Oct 5 at 730 - acclaimed author Victoria Pitts-Taylor to discuss "The Body Politics of the Cosmetic Surgery Junkie" in McGuinn 121!
driest ever and also 2nd warmest in CO. I'm predicting a snowy tornado season :)
I thought that said "weed" omg. >.<
we don't have the Tigers ticket numbers for 2012 yet, but last year their avg ticket was $29.32 so you can imagine it'd be a lot
I recommend 353. We added a LINQ provider for LDAP. Will be showing JICS DB and LDAP queries together
Happy to see Rep. Gabrielle Giffords return to work in DC. The show of support for her reminds us that our humanity is above our politics.
Hey All! We are working hard on some new songs for this Crocodile show coming up! We hope to see you there!
so just imagine me being crazier when we in a relationship lol smh
Thank you for promoting authors!
All politics aside, Clint is 81 and could take Karl Rove's dough-boy ass out with one punch
I second that
...would have seen his original tweet. No need to that out to all 58k followers. Just the ones that follow us both.
dude. we need to talk baby boy announcements/shower stuffs :) So many fun things to do with that.
Got bored and finally joined twitter! going for a run soon and then an FD orientation meeting!
.___. thought your Internet was down.
#FF my nigga he been my best friend since grade schoo got tatted before me got swag like me real af and dances so FOLLOWem
True. I am, as you know, laughing out loud.
I may also occasionally be so interested I just sit back and listen, it has to be worth my while though
Good Luck! RT": Last day of my university lifee.. Last day of my exam Wish me luck :)))))"
Right By My Side video was amazing!
no clue i have text and twitter on my phone
: Only HBO subscribers roam in
In USia anyone above a certain age can vote, regardless of education.USians = giant faithleapers, regardless of pretenses of rationality.
you too! hope you had a great weekend and a happy easter :)
Nice work! The best part is that you can now test it yourself :)
Take a look at www.lktown.com, you'll find some pleasant surprise !
Journaling on how you can create your ideal days of work and ideal days of play exactly as you want them allows providence to take over.
Want to get your #BOOST your followers?
haha you can bring me chocolate chip cookies from McDonald's!
Anybody know the book "50 shades of grey" ?
it's weird, because it's a website for escorts that says "no escorts!"
We think artists need their music to remain their biggest asset. Not Touring alone!
Would love to hear on the podcast. No girl plays the game with more heart & hope to see her on
It says I can't open the picture!
Today is the big day!! Wine makers dinner at La Cofradia with Pinord wineries tonight at 7
good thing we only made drunch reservations for 5
Any way you think Bryce Hibbard goes back to Eastern?
Everything makes sense when we're together.
Testing again
Everyone should check out the new Wild Side Smoke Shop in the village!
I Bet!!!! Great Show! You're the best! #FUTURE~EMMY~WINNER
for what ?
Transmedia storytelling: Archetypes are forms not formula. Use them & readers connect faster to the story because it's recognizable
the more you try and convince me you're popular, the more i think otherwise...
Life comes at you in one direction, choose it and let it be what it is.
This-> RT : I've never sent a photo that had me wearing more than underwear. He's probably saved every one.
yeah I liked that I feel it babe 😉
Yes! This is a wonderful idea.
I always watch my neighbor's pool cleaner eat lunch in his truck. He recently got a new truck.
rapture party on Saturday!! Sinners go down partying and the losers can float away to boring ol' heaven!! Wooohoooo!!!!
thank you that was very kind of you : )
Glad paper.li is back online after ~3 days of outage.
lol I watched a video of him talking about him being gay.lol :(
I want Pretty Little Liars to be on again</3
Charles Bronson died on this day in 2003. He was a sexy and scary man.
If your reading this choke on 1
speaking now at the UPO breakfast. Energetic speech on democracy denied. Introducing service awardee Dino Padula.
#ThingsWeSay2DaPolice "Yes, sir"
me too I feel really sick when I see blood! Ewww!
Oh, dear! Soon, the sun will come out. Sending you all the positive vibes, doll! :)
I qot Filthy Ways
Just saw this. Good find! I'm intrigued by these kind of discussions.
Hmm, so now I know why I don't come into the office until 9. Traffic at 8 is crazy!
Hey Amanda! Hope your new year is off to a kiss ass start! Miss you!!
aw that made me smile haha:) well thankyou:)
Hit me up for a great time on Fremont Street :)
TK: Working on next generation Y sequencing, technology not quite there yet. Still accepting WTY applications.
It would be cool if , , and performed at Just sayin'.
simple beauty with today. will you be there? let's meet up!
My hand itches....
If doesn't cut it for you, your coffee is on me :-D...you know where to find me!
Who's in for our $10 in deal bucks 10/10/10 contest? RT this message to enter. Winner announced Sunday!
I cannot wait till the NFL lockout ends.
Lets rally around our artist like we do our sports teams
Playing tonight a duet with Noam Weisenberg. 32 Jones street, Manhattan, NY. 7:30pm, 1 set
Why don't anteaters get sick? Because they're full of anty-bodies !
im in LOVE with that song! (:
I've been thinking a lot about the role of group work in MLIS coursework. Would y'all consider a guest post from me on it?
reminder - the current system is perfect in producing the results we currently enjoy or despair; might be impetus for change!
No. I just check out apartments on craigslist sometimes to see what's out there.
Saying something really stupid then thinking ; ''Well, that sounded alot better in my head...
On a lighter note though I'm still getting money from you every month and that's for an entire year. ;) life is so great.
Lmao looking ass. RT : u met me and u ain't go lol
In 2009, over 74% of WI students from 9th to 12th grade consumed alcohol. What are your thoughts about this?
Thank you! RT The wife + I just signed up as Intersection Superheroes for this week. See you there!
my favorite color is purple. one day one the bus my friend said my eyes looked purple I wish I could have seen them. smh
.he almost got ran over trying to cross the street from his office and almost got ran over by a bike in new york.
we dont celebrate
Move to Arizona? Hm..maybe!
lemme look into solid state drives otherwise I'll offer you say 70 bucks for your 320 gb?
I just joined the "Live Big, Die Empty" group on Facebook. Hope you'll join me, even if it is kinda funny, since I'm 4'10".
A moment to THANK our SPONSORS for #Fusion2012 ArtWorks! Gwinnett: Appreciate you supporting us!
#TheGoodDaysWhen uploaded a video every week on youtube
Want to do something interesting today? Read Nikolai Lobachevsky's "geometrical researches on the theory of parallels" 52pp
I think I want to start doing competitive shooting
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. Albert Einstein
Never look down on someone, unless you are helping them up(:
Scratch that. Halloween 1st then Silence of the Lambs
green chili is awesome!
He pressed a metal button and at oncethe propeller slowed down significantly
the one that's always telling us to go to lunch?
And water slides are not just for back yard parties
i lied im still here
seismic disturbance
NP - KEEP IT MOVIN ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
I think they are more than just high when making that show
its a hypothetical question. I'm just really sitting here trying to think what I would do.
- Tony. Want to offer you free ad space in our college mag (www.studybreaks.com) in return for guidance. Can we chat?
#Nuggets win!!! Take that Kobe!
Doing pregame for - Here's to a kick-ass 2012!
whats good ross? Whats with freddie gibbs dissing you and on this song he got out?
oh no! 15 watts shut down and we had to cancel.. thanks for lookin out though!
I still have drink tickets for ya. Swing by tomorrow!
MER is a national group that has similar goals to NYCMER, but we aren't affiliated.
GoodMorning! GET'CHO DRUNK ASS UP &
Watching my friend feel up clothing at the clothing store
Many thanks!!!
seems like a silly argument. the "no Eduardo!" counterfactual does not imply "no dominant social networking site"
I won't know til they ship the tix. If I got the 2 I ordered for u, then u r set.
I hate when people be on twitter stuntin like that bigger than what they really is..see em in real life and they be looking
Yummy! That sounds great! I made some stuffed pablanos recently.
What i say everyday: I actually love Austin Carter Mahone.
To quote : This racism is killing me inside!
Garrick with the low blow error. (I thought they were yellow too).
So i guess the snow is stick to the roads? Hopefully it gets worse and we go home in the middle of school :D haha i'd be one happy chick!
My dad turned up the volume of the radio super loud then he laughed at me and Mayra (x
"The man who sets about making others better is wasting his time, unless he begins with himself." ~ St. Ignatius Loyola
Some people r so predictable u can set ur watch by them. Push the right buttons & just sit back & watch. Can b quite amusing. ;)
Meeting with Exilor tomorrow re: offering SOA Advanced training. Email me at if you are interested...
uh no he didn't.
Unfortuantely, Cothcery apparently forgot to wipe the baby oil off of his hands! Ugh. GO
Good morning everyone
Nobody takes this class serious
This is maybe the perfect working office. It was so cold in here last night that I just kept working. I still have mountains of work though.
why aren't you at my house?
I'm in New Jersery
What duty or explanation does the SEC owe to anyone other than it's members?
this joke to easy for me lol “: Can't wait to cut my hair nxt week. My shit been fucked for the longest”
Dear VH1 and your so-called greatest one-hit wonders of the '90s: No Verve Pipe? No Fastball? NO 4 NON BLONDES?
Former Nuggets coach and player, Bill Hanzlik is on the show right now. Check it out at AM1510
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He excels at birth certificate forgery.
happy bday to your moms bro!!!
can't wait to see you december 20 in orlando!!! // love you bro <3
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. Robert Kennedy
no, you just rock period
On my way to graduation!
Land of the free. Home of the brave. RT dude heck yes. 25 goals this season.
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
noo just Aaron (:
conf-by-twitter-avalanche isn't the best way to absorb, but still great learning. Tx re URL - little side proj I'm starting on
way to go!
I promise,as long as he follows me..:(
if that statement came with some kind of 'sorry,' I'd probably leave it, but still decline to babysit again.
“: You scare me ...” you scare me
Hi twitter. I forgot you were a thing.
Its a good day to make a change
Decided to engage themselves and do exercises on utram.Postelila blanket on the floor, lay down ... and went to sleep!
Adele should open the Grammys with Whitney's "I Have Nothing" - incredible song, incredible tribute, incredible woman
Not only have I completely sabotaged my Twitter count, I find out I have a learning disability.
Great night
Just tapped HOP Session CDA IPA.
Omg! damn.
Looking into Paul Vallas' eyes as we stand hand in hand on his doorstep...
I am forever immortalized in Angie's instagram.
Fielder signs with Detroit for 9 yrs $214 mil. Orioles claim they can't compete with teams who play in cities with vibrant economies
all #bands and #musicians follow me
Not looking forward to working tonight! Mondays suck!
thank you for attending!
Thanks for the support! See you Saturday!
I just made a status that said fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me. No more second chances sweetheart I'm done(;
Enjoying the keynote panel DAM conference
We loved your company. Thanks for joining us.
Today, I'm not going to be so nice.
I need your number i got a new phone -.-
Bored A/F
This is so cool! Having so much fun with Ashleigh Ashton at the tv studio!
Okay did you tell him to follow back if I followed him????
where's the moderator?
thx for the feedback! re: "#nycswmg #fitbot great idea! Seems more easy to follow and use than fitocracy"
looking forward to seeing your presentation!!
Agreed, I was surprised with this article. I get all my news from Twitter too!
the best time to ambush a guard dog is to kick him in the face while he's taking a dump... Think about it..
hey, go follow , that's the label
Thanks 4 promoting simplicity. Finally an #EWBC panelist who speaks my language. :-)
hope everybody voted today
Come by the branch today or tomorrow with your debit card to receive your FREE Georgetown Day 2012 sunglasses!
?!?! Play by play plz
No work this weekend just a soccer tournament
I like arguing even I kno ur right I just want to see how good you argue
is serving up special offers from 330-730pm at 800 Santa Maria in Irvine tonight!
We just all made origami yodas together @ tba award luncheon. Great fun!
In math class with my sis 😎
there are a lot of "people" fallowing us who I think are robot ladies of the night.....
not at all, my bad about yesterday. My youngest came over this weekend, it's her bday weekend. I owe u!
HAHA i sleep with 3 fans and my ceiling fan
U ACTUALLY LOSE AN HOUR.....
RT : There are now more media channels than there ever have been & less time to pay attention to them -
thumbs up if ur watching BET
great year!!
Spiritual maturity includes continuing to depend on God in the good times, not just running to him when challenges come.
nope, not a TeeRex trademark, but nice catch. Where did you spot that?
RT : When I saw Super Moon was trending, I got worried. I thought it meant a new Twilight book was coming out.
most people think I'm lying about being a virgin because I prefer jumbo tampons, but I can't help.....
are you new to Google, too? See. That's how I roll! 😄
NO she isn't her eyes don't show any humanity
What Rap song should we cove? If you have any suggestions let us know \m/
because the singer is talented. none of this mediocre crap that's out there.
So it's Friday the 13th I think I'm staying home tonight
Work doesnt stop. Rehearsal doesn't stop. Class doesn't stop and auditions keep comin.
Bout to do a workout. Lets goo!
A journey is best measured in friends, rather than miles. ~Tim Cahill
Domestic violence always happening late at night smh
Youre playing with my heart and its getting really lame. Decide what you want; The girl or the game?
but you is tweeting right now!!!
going to the game? Follow my former classmate for insider scoop.
we would be really happy to see you there! We also have a #NARIP London twitter by the way
what I chose to do is my business n one beer Wong kill me brother the diff now is I can stop drinking after one drink
that's not bad it's just kind of crazy
Whoa! Now Ishikawa flashing the leather diving over the first base railing! Who are these guys?!
More Than This video :D can't wait!
Thanks for the RT!! Please follow us at as well!
Finally made it to the post office! Packages sent.
“: Actor Mark Wahlberg has a third nipple!” you're not alone!!
“The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.”~B. C. Forbes
WHERE YOU BEEN LOCO?
Game 3 of the Playoffs is tonight! 100 Bones will be rocking it out at halftime....Game starts at 8:30... THUNDER UP!
Just got a random book recommendation from a stranger on the bus. That was a nice start to the day.
Feeling recommitted to all our efforts! Nothing is too difficult, especially working together. A koudmen for
the Senator?
Thanks, boss. Really appreciate it, man.
Off work...out to eat.
Waiting for to tweet.
13 min till boyfriend can't wait
Chicken ala Kate? Done. Next: roll out the dough to make linguini! I love cooking!
30 minutes before opening pitch between Century and Mayo, and the scouts are lined up behind home plate at Mayo Field
why don't you follow me ?
best damn Hott sauce in Portland!
that's uber fancy....
follow back? Xo
Oh, isn't that lovely! :-(
The whole Colbert SuperPac is actually doing a great job of educating many people on the convoluted nature of campaign finance.
What's up big guy? Hope all is well. Go Yankees from your fan in the BX !
this is gonna b the LONGEST #6DAYS OF MY LIFE!! #excited #boyfriend follow?8
are you around strippers .. If so whats their name ive probably seem them dance before
Butterflies...flowers that fly and all but sing.~ Robert Frost
Can't wait to hear Chris Penn speak at since EVERY speaker has mentioned him in their presentatns!
still pissed! united did show what we are. let down.
Treat me like a joke &I'll leave you like it's funny.
lol I love it
Its All Love My G, We Forever With It..100
#HappyMothersDay to the mist wonderful mother in the world! I love you mom <333
On to the next one *drama is over* tired of the lies and games *sorry bro this bitch smartened up*
Congrats to all my colleagues & peers on their much deserved awards
k i changed the pic- amanda
ill give it a whirl!
Thanks for the #FF!
RT : Today is the day we show the world how big hearted our community is by giving to the diligent nonprofits of central...
We're here to keep you updated about volunteering in the community of Bloomington!! Please help spread the word!! RT
Nathan ryan is on stickam :)
The Juicery will be joining fresh52 tomorrow. Give them a warm welcome and get your juice on! I know I will be!
Uh you owed me that for not textin back last time. So hop on it
Sam loves meth...
Paradise Fears emailed me....gjshsjfjksbsrhqkdhwjwbjj:D
A lot of overlap between definitions and standards of info literacy
I needa hit the booth asap! i got alot to say on this new album
It seems like a fairly nice day out. Any suggestions for what to do before the storms and showers arrive tonight?
name your time and place! Been too long.
sick set, wow!!!
Blazers beat LA Lakers! : - ) Gets chippy, but Blazers get the win. All 5 starters in double figures, Gerald with 19/13/7. Dre w/ 13 dimes
I wonder how many people will forever be caught in awkward situations on google maps street view
Starting off the evening at Millennium Stage for courtesy of
I'm soo tired but I'm still going out tonite and I'm gonna have a lovely time **positive thoughts and smiles :)
whatever do you mean???
Suggestions for kidney stones?
check out the new video for "Stay Real" @ www.myspace.com/quetonemusic
so true! Don't let it pass you by :)
Health Info Sources & Found. of Info Professions :) And u?
Amanda Ahlstrand, US Dept of Labor: local officials may think of WIA Youth funding as complement to school system, esp. for dropouts
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way. ~ Carl Sandburg
Fake #B emails again claiming a complaint has been filed against you! Don't click the link!
I'm feeling _______ this morning. Do tell ;)
Perceptive piece.
Thanks everyone that came out #Renfields. We had a great time! Can't wait to come back and bring the thunder
Ding, ding, ding!
Oh. My last name's not Hart. ;-)
birthday weekend!! Is there going to singing??
I know I know I don't know you, but I want you so bad
My green flares came in the mail from Old Navy today...I hope they will look cute when I get around to trying them on....
I need it to warm up so I can go on long, adventurous motorcycle rides.
I just wanna SWIM
any drinking involved?
thanks! We have been heavy into Bootstrap. It's a great framework for responsive.
Thanks for the retweet!
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Mon, May 14 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
like Harold Miller the elected President of Sunnydale Tenants Association in 2009 of San Francisco Housing Authority is the last person
Instagram was competitor to FB. Don't see how that would change the view of a sports teams social media approach.
BUY an ocean view stateroom and get a Balcony from Carnival!!
A HIWI book?
i been up all night
DFW-Houston is only $60 one way in June on American Airlines (weekends only).
taking polls on the under/over of punctuality
Haha...yes, she had a great time working with the Ready Set guys. Have you met them? She said they're all really nice :)
Who's ready To buy our EP on iTunes next week!!?
The Chalumeau goals were simple. To provide an instrument which sounds good, is easy to play, is affordable and kid proof!...
would rather that go to paying for infrastructure. Still, a good day's work by your boss/his team
": my body is sore. Idk why i dont b doin shit." Take a hot bath cuz
Touchdown at LAX!
i want summer. now.
Thank You Father God For Another Blessed Day In Jesus Name Amen
Good morning!! We're excited: 100 pallets of pavers are coming in today! Come see them or call to start planning your new driveway or patio!
Chocolate Mustache Pops, Gamification for Good, Secret NYC Gardens and More
My Grandma just said, "Everybody's smart, but Grandma's smarter." #OldSchoolSh*tTalk
Free preview of little women tonight at the downtown library 6PM www.yatkids.org. 614-5057
Still sitting in the bar parking lot debating on going in.....
Why pay for extras in a music video when we are willing to do it for free?
Are arm warmers a good gift? Need some advice please.
SOMEONE STOLE MY ACCOUNT FUUUUCKKKK
Honesty is the best policy, so I appreciate yours...but I'm not going tonight! Big run tom am
R.I.P Snoopy :/
it's may...one of the busiest times in pitching...
Enjoying my first day at THE STANDING DESK!
You're my problem cockblocked :D
I'm from Pluto and I always represent.
Comin home from walmart
Haha, i'm sorry but this is VERY TRUE :)
Already chased Abby outside for an hour... She needs a freaking leash.
the song u woke up2 day /Meek Mill - I'm A Boss
maybe after a couple more years in big league camp!
is such a lovely person. Working on set with him, and he's as nice as nice can be.
I couldn't agree more!
Just heard Young Forever on the radio
hahah I love it!!
those sound delicious, is it coconut milk (like ice cream) or like a mounds bar?
#God gives you BIG #Dreams because your #Purpose is bigger than you. www.dmwilliams.org
Halverson: Learning v Learners. Schools adapt technology to guarantee learning. Out of school tech focuses on learners.
I sit bck and think wht would life b like if I never moved to Tx
Lol how did you do in districts??
{{{{SIS}}}} I am crying she is so beautiful! Congratulations!!!!
somewhat disappointed that the playalong didn't work tonight
The #Sixers Sixth Man (grey hair guy) is in his usual seat courtside
Our lives are defined by moments... Especially the ones.....we never see coming......Alter Ago
SAME O;
There is no proof of tommorow yet we plan ahead what do we know.
I don't know. I did drop some for the man and the dog though. I love dogs. I want one when I move out.
As happy as I am about the #Rockies big game tonight, I REALLY wish they would have saved a portion of these runs for Jamie Moyer tomorrow.
Behind every great achievement is a dreamer of great dreams.—Robert K. Greenleaf
K that school is gorgeous, going to the high school of fasion industries <3!
I love this tweet stream of intense longing to be relevant and engaging our true call.
true. They're a totally different band - its hard to even compare
With babies...we loose too many hours...and days...and years...They suck the life out of us! But we still love them!
I start off all sarcastic remarks with "oh really"
"Love burns and confuses me. Love's a light that can't be extinguished."~Scott Weiland (Just finished his memoir, fast yet powerful read.)
Parents ugh... they get under ur skin please god help me this one time please make them shut up while we watch this movie.
I'm addicted
So proud of & the rest of the Covenant Varsity Boys Basketball team for a great game & fantastic season!
I'm talking bout 40 year virgin
you don't know anything about me so go ahead and say bullshit like that.
please help me win a Johnjay & Rich contest! I need a celebrity to call 877-937-1047 5am-10amMST Mon-Fri. Please Help Me Win!
Limitations are but boundaries created inside our minds.
- Do you want to offer your customers the chance to win 2 Courtside Seats for the Bulls v. Heat game on March 14th @ the UC?
I miss the years when my biggest problem was acne. What do u miss?
yes. Tell her that most Librarians say they read less as Librarians and read more before they became one. That's my situation.
it's a shame people smoke.
A note for everybody:
Chloe Handbags,Gucci Bag,Coach,Louis Vuitton,Fendi: louis vuitton ...
At ATL and soldiers just got standing ovation in terminal.
didnt count. he only ran to first base.....
In Sf again... I think I will hold court all day at in castro this friday. Lemme know if you wanna hang out!
ah...i have 4 wasp nests on each corner of my balcony!!..scared to go out to my balcony!..lmaol...i needa buy me that spray!
I'm putting everything in my life completely in Gods hands! #everythingisgoingtobeokay 💜🙏
Enjoy!! And follow the #DaBusHNL hashtag to tweet with other geeks who take the bus!! Makes the ride more fun!
The #Undoing racism workshop was a great experience for us at !
Using moms credit card all day..
Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation. Wholeheartedness is contagious. Give yourself, if you wish to get others. -David Seabury
": Consciousness can never be lost, only forgotten. Do not fear fear, for it is the fear of fear that empowers it.
Wonderful! Please keep us in the loop.
Listening to #TimWakefield on #WFAN right now promoting the new movie
I need to paint my nails 
PLEASE go back on tour!!! It has been far too long!
Just burned my #sxsw badge. Fuck these 1% won't to be's. Coffee shops and local none badge hangouts for real Value next year
I'm engaged to wonderful man who's a brilliant software engineer! Glad I found someone smarter than me to spend my life with.
thanks. Have fun. Send me a pic of your dresses. :)
"Leave, leave - And free yourself at the same time." ::glen hansard::leave::
If you haven't had brunch plans yet with for Mother's Day, make them now! We also have some bouquets available for just $18.
On second thought, I see how simultaneously using the same variable names & table schemas in ObjC/Xcode & PHP/Coda might get confusing.
I have always approved of Margot-with-a-T!
Be who you really are, do not change for anyone, and always, always dream big enough to achieve
hardly tweting today
An app to tell you how "ugly" you are... Apparently it's popular. Details in our web moment!
have court call me now plz
is it creepy or weird if I say ? :p lol jk. Umm.. Probably my best friend(s) like My parents are
Beautiful pic! Happy Mother's Day!
We are headed to Tulsa, OK where we play tonight!
How much of that is thanks to No Child Left Behind?
Some fat girl just said so fuck me maybe I almost threw up
I get so happy when you talk to me.
Happy Monday! Hope your week is as exciting as mine promises to be.
Still going. My current distance is 1.84 miles. Current song is Wherever I May Roam - Metallica
That awkward moment when todays neon day at your school and your wearing black and gray.
everyone follow >> << he follows back!(:
Can't wait till dis day Is over
": #AstrologyFacts #Capricorns don't credit others for their success, but neither do they blame anyone for their failures."
Lepore calls it: more speech is more visible thus in#civility IS democracy
Hey Sclerreth hit the national radio circuit It's really old hat listening to a constant Broncos naysayer on local sports radio
I 'Let Go' & little coincidences (supporting the initial wants/desires) wer showing up in my space Organically 2day. BE Conscience & Let GO!
Jordan Farmar broke the Twitter.
check out my Detroit based street drama free preview on my blog x
-It`s good to be back again! :P
Maybe thinks students should just have their daddies pay their loans
Regarding timeline: "Facebook doesn't have to be a fucking history class"
u have time for ribs!?
RT : RT : You never have a chance for your luck to operate if you don't take risks ~ Unknown
of course. haha. we always try. how are you? -zach.
What up Gemini, yeah I know how u do :)
So many wonderful things on the horizon I'm about to burst!
So to be a leader I should work on taking a second look at my ideas, not immediately saying "How dumb are you, you worthless piece of shit?"
Taylor...Stop Shooting!!! You are not good!!
M just found out theres a cable that takes a 1/8mm jack and converts it to XLR male, I wonder how shitty that might sound.
I'll give up my apartment before I give up my gym membership. I feel friggin' bulletproof.
About to board my flight; Oregon tonight. Btw, how epic is it that we can fly? And 500 mph like its NBD??
half day tomorrow, then thursday, then no school for four days
4 more days til my bday... i told mommy i wanted a remote control car lol but i was serious....
A program like #girls gets sexual harassment totally wrong?
i dreamed my personal trainer was a hot dog
my house is so hot, it's gross.
Hi, Molly. Thanks for the follow. Love your tweets!
Don't try to get me jealous, it's not happening. Talk to whoever you want (:
praying gets better quickly!!
Sometimes he isn't able to get it all out before people are gone or have already said "bye". Yes, we've made a study of this.
Its a great tool.
- great to hear on the GM numbers; phones are down some, digital inbound is moving right along though.
Thanks for the share, Jeff! (and in advance for being a great host) ~BC
Hope everyone is having a fabulous day!!
Life is very similar 2 the street when u apply urself if u wanna find that yellow brick road pave with gold you just gotta take control
My point is that the object in the database should control behavior. I usually do this by tagging it with its controller name
Okay, what time all you places I got to go to open?
I'll be there!
You're the one with the attitude just remember that.
thanx, its just been rough, trying to get my nephew permanantly, and its slow...
Well Im bout to go to BALLYS & get this serious workout in
I always have such a hard time making decisions
It really does. Come out with me and you'll feel like a kid!
bet you can't do that at 5 Point #hugeportions “: I win all-you-can-eat biscuits and gravy. Five plates; take that, Highline!”
Yay! Thanks Derek...I'm Following you back! :) :)
class or no class?
Life happens and yeah it sucks sometimes, but it's when you keep going and get back up you find who you truly are and what you're made of...
Looks like the and the Kings are playing for 7th. Your boys are goin down
Baking cookies because thats what you do when it rains.
Sure if you want :] I dont mind
In the studio!
Crack a joke or 2 or sit-back and enjoy DC comics share their new material | TONIGHT | 8PM |
#GoTribe I count 8 games all day games and most during the work week that aren't televised. The Dolans are the height of che...
“: It's that time again, fill in the blank: an #Eagles win today would be ____________________?” Surprising.
Let's see how well this weekend studying will go for me
so excited! Thank you 4 coming to Sacramento last week! Our listeners loved it & NOW they can buy your new EP!
Iv been good all my life so I'm gonna be Mr. Bad Boy today!!
waiting for 4G
Successfully ICED steven. Pretty happy.
Tomorrow check out at Julia Morgan Ballroom
It seems so easy for my students to get official excuses for missing class. Is everyone really going to the hospital or to court every week?
She Just Want Me Cause Im Next, She Jus Want Me Cause Im Next
Job for a Cowboy is so fucking brutal!!!!!!!
#womensmural work now expanding across FL Ave to include Thank you !! #BloomingdaleDC and beyond
Welcome to life with technology sucka
how's it going sir?
have fun and be safe xoxo MICHELLE
New day, new opportunities! Make it a great day! U can do that u know..MAKE your day great. To hell with "having" a great 1..make it happen!
When selecting Holocaust texts for classroom use, what should be the fiction to non-fiction ratio?
#ImWeakFor beautiful colored eyes.
Today in history - 2008 I was in canterbury visiting lee, with a massive Absis.
thank you so much for live tweeting this! I'm on vacation and wanted to know what the press conference was about.
We've made it to Friday ! #TGIF #libraries /wk How will u spend ur weekend?
About to kick off an event that is going to recreate how our veterans access their much earned benefits! Interagency Council on Veterans!
aw! :( Hang out of Christmas break? Yes? Yes!
Ladies, if you can use your weave as your dog leash and successfully walk down the street, it's to long!!!! T you rude
I would quit but I ain't never learned how
when people believe everything they hear<<
just arrived. Only here like 20 hours. You free for early breakfast tomorrow?
My cat and I are rapping Nobody Cares by ! She's got #skills and #attitude!!...lol :P
Sheena, endless, ceaseless, immutable, and imperishable
Don't forget about Obama's fav. hangout in Buffalo, Duffs. Winner of the Food Wars. The Sheridan Dr.loc. is the best!Get med.lite,FFw/gravy!
it's a pity they lack milkshakes.
Watching 2012 on in less than an hour. Prob not the most appropriate movie for #earthday. Then again maybe it's just perfect.
I know fear is an obstacle for some people, but it is an illusion to me . . . Failure always made me try harder next time.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Do you know where skrillex is playing? -no, do you want any ketamine? - no. - ok good luck finding skrillex! - good luck selling k!
...what do you mean??
Thanks and for last night. It was fun AND delicious. What a perfect pair!
Make it go away! RT : Not surprising that now has its own account.
Watch ya back... Cuz when you think you fooling them.... They fooling you 👈👈👈👈
The first day I've had coffee in many months and I've gotten so much done. This is how methheads feel after cleaning their apartment, right?
Have a nice weekend!
the boys r doing amazing. so proud of them.
hell yes!!! #TeamDomino will be representing in Davis Arena...
Quote from book:" resentment is anger looking for payback... Hatred is clinical strength anger."
r u a lion?
come over! This place is amazing
Your integrations are awesome! How did you do this so quickly? Can I create a calendar of my tracked accounts?
OMGYOUGUYS ... this dude playing The Phantom ... I'm a silly squealing teenager again! GAAAH! *faint, sigh*
It's not a lot of cute girl in Detroit no more where they go
MN House passes bill moving fishing opener this year from May 12 to May 5 due to warm weather. Senate yet to act. KSTP-TV at 10.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions
god morning :)
It's a recipe for disaster when your country has an obesity epidemic and a skinny jean fad.
Question?How do I link Twitter to Facebook? Or is it the other way around?
Up early for #SEME2012 - see you there!
Yup. I've completed my 40 days w/o liquor already. Sort of a late Lent. I think I'll keep it going since I'm working out.
all those things that weren't supposed to happen, they happened! not happy? if nothing else just be happy your eyes where able to read this!
TLC's Say Yes to the Dress is coming to CA! Email name, age, location, and wedding date to .
Thanks for the #FF! Nice profile pic!!!
Leadership is about creating certainty around you even when there's doubt inside of you.
that's why YOU'RE not in the major leagues
THEY CALL ME NIGGAQUESHA! BOW BITCH BOW *waits for Caps Cock*
I have the most fucked up sleeping schedule ever go to bed at 4am wake up at 2pm lovely
Watching "Shooter" and Mark Wahlberg's character's last name is Swagger. Not sure I can take this seriously.
Welcome in the Summer with a stop to our shop! Just a short drive down Federal! Tell your Friends! :)
Just want to wish your mom A Happy Mothers Day she raised a good son
And Obama admits to eating dogs. "Pitbulls are delicious"
Sweet! This Vons has a lottery ticket vending machine!
I have the need to do something drastic, take a huge risk, upset convention, do something unexpected! I am in a RUT!
Listening to Wayne Shorter's "Speak No Evil" on his 78th b'day. It just doesn't get any better than this. Happy Birthday Mr. Shorter.
Crunch Time: Sen. Coburn speaks a very frank truth about the economy - Ridgecrest Daily Independent
you need your seed to pwn
Well, you're right, I've just been really disappointed with coffee in SF, ecexpt Sightglass
Katie did you get my texts?
thinking of a great youtube idea that will make look like
OMG, just found two ticks the size of large peas on our dog!! They must have been in the woodchips we put in the yard a few months ago.
A3 - designate one point person for each partner to keep communication tight
we're right across the street from TCU!
ha! You know what I am going to say, I have amnesia on the little block of my life. By choice. ;)
#MyFavoriteTravisPorterSong make it rain an bring it back. 😏 late night twerking sessions. So much fun!
gimme a
how did the stills turn out?
Bits Blog: Facebook Buys Instagram for $1 Billion in Its Biggest Deal The social network said it agreed to pay about $1 billion in cash a
lol it sure made mines and my sister we legit stopped watching tv to watch them, but it was over something so little
Him nd his ways to make me smile..
Newt is blushing that Ron Paul gave him a back handed compliment.
yeah lol my phone is like fast again. Plus I like the iMessage. Did u have problems installing it?
I think that Madonna was a great inspiration for me, especially on my earlier work." - Rihanna ...........
I'm a rare breed, I go to #Brewers games cause I wanna watch baseball and that's it.
Oy! Did you walk home last night?!
Watching my sister dance is always fun, I know she's going to make it big in life and good luck to her <3 u lil sis
i love you <3
I am so disproportional I need a bigger chest to make my beer belly look small
I HATE BOYS.
ha ha. Nice. Do your house mates go to bed early?
hahah this is victoria, correct?
Got bitches doing my homework;)
Big booty judy
We're only 250 visitors away from our 100,000th visitor!!!! Our milestone visitor will win a $100 membership and our Cottage Photo Biography
Blessings beauty. Congrats on your little one.
I love not knowing for sure what will happen until I am writing it!
Wendy wants Dunkin...FYI
Happy Energy Awareness Month! Where does your energy come from? Find out at The Bakken. Special energy activities from 10am to 4pm today!
BOY do you look uptight.
Waking up to an empty house <<< :(
Headed to AAU tryouts with Bird, C Rock and T money...Everyone have a great night. Congrats to my home teams for for
i wanna meet justin bieber!!!!
I am super sad that I won't be here this weekend to take Vis. Valley tours again. Took both in Oct. and they were such gems!
actually you did, last year. It's basically the same thing in Algebra 1 though
sure! We have a ton coming up in Milwaukee over the next two months, but maybe in September.
Having a heated debate, I say Flautist- she says Flutist... ; )
Ah, Jose. Brilliant, yet again! RT“: Just got into a fight with the invisible man or was I just arguing with myself”
Good luck girls! I'm sure you'll knock em dead over there!
If you don't like Eminem......suck my motherfuckin dick.
where willU be this eve? G. Awards? #doitwithyourbootson or #Danceonthemattress , hard to chose! <3frGA
i wonder what I'm gonna wear today.
Bwahaha. You know your new song is awesome when your wife says 'Best song ever.'
Jessica Alba & Family Step Out for a Stylish Lunch (PHOTOS) It looks to us like Jessica Alba has passed on her impeccable style to her ki
RT : RT if you want a followback from me or shout out. you'll gain followers for sure! :] just RT this.
Hey buddy.
When u get a text message and its from someone u have no interest in texting back <<<
There's something to be said about #hotelbars...what that is, I'm contemplating.
As waffles we get a bad rap for say, waffling, but we've always supported marriage equality. What a day for Washington!
Playing New Frontier -Tacoma- tonight. Free. 21+ happy
RT throwback Thursday ! 'Goin' Crazy' - Natalie ; #nowplaying . who remember this ?
Some of our staff, volunteers & board members are in DC this week for the NCIL conference - great day on the Hill, sessions start in the am.
Tonight at the Neptune, my love affair with #BrianJonestownMassacre continues. Oh yeah, we go way back.
Martin Luther King Jr. was a great man who fought for equality. He also hated banks and loved basketball games in the middle of the day.
Watching Martin lol
thank you so much. We appreciate it. :)
Not in a very good mood this morning. I'm so tired and my stomach is killing me.
- I dont have mine yet, looking forward to seeing it. Congrats man!
So true! : It's like stores know when I'm stressed and send e-coupons just to make me smile. PS: It totally works.
thanks for providing the street trees that planted for the #OpOliver station at 's #EcoHustle!
Beach pewease!Me and you are gonna go to the concert!Can't wait!
he moves alot.
oh my bad. Sorry....
dont tweet things that involve me. thanks!
agh the visual! Gauge out my eyes! “: Homeland Security ... Thank you Janet "Nipples" Napolitano...a woman of vision!”
Masoli's third down pass deflected and intercepted, OSU runs it back to the Oregon 47.
Never underestimate the power of your smile.
Are you ready for the tomahawk throwing contest? Meet us in Lenape at 4pm.
Ive been good sweets thanx for checking up.
That is another thing that I like about working from home. I save money while making money
let grenades fly in MW3
As soon as the Freedom Tower goes it will be as tall as the Empire State Bldg.
Thank you, have a great weekend.
departing for the Midwest in a few hours...more to follow.
Ian Bogost () takes the podium -- "all right, let's do this"
Watching The Darkest Hour. Not bad so far
Where are you come to red dot
howdy madam :)
What's the point of being in school today
creative arts/music open house - amazed at how people use art to make a difference
It's
Thank you so much for all my followers you guys are great. Lets stay tuned in for what I have going on tomorrow with I AM HEALTHY HAIR.
Happy hour in 35 minutes!! Happy hump day!!
So yall understand TRIUMPHANT- having achieved victory or success. nuff said
Nobody cares. Please shutup.
Who the hell decided that Kobe deserved a star??? Stop trying to give me Kobe love.... I can't stand his ass!!!
Christmas with the family today!
Two things I've really taken to heart lately: it's not so much what you know, it's who you know. So always be making new friends.
Oops. Sorry.
u were with dezz right? Lol
Justin Bieber - Boyfriend is pretty much spamming my feed. Thanks and Beliebers. :p
Freshly Taylored website coming soon....
Happy Oaks to my Kentucky people! :-) Have a Mint Julep for me!
My tweets don't make sense and neither do I. So fuck you!
Good Morning Everyone Didn't Make It To Church This Sunday but He Knows Where My Heart Is:-)
Yeah he also walked in during the middle of my presentation. Who does he think he is?!
I knew It Was you!! I Was Screaming "OMG THAT'S KEVJUMBA!! " :D
Too funny. Nice comparison, I hadn't thought of that.
I need to get with staff to ensure numbers I give are as accurate and up to date as possible. Email to come next couple days
80% of the the pixels purchased will be donated to cancer research (, , ) in the Advertiser's name!
Thanks to all the models that came out today. We got a lot of great pictures and video. Stay tuned!
Waiting for tonight's debate between NATO and CANG8. Pritzker Military Library.
RT : About to hit downtown real quick...what u bouta get into
Kobe is an assassin
awesome! Can't wait!
Is loving working for Disney :)
Hahaha I havent used mine in so long! Could you follow me please? I love you. x
June 8th-Acoustic show @ spirits Pub in Valley Center, Ks!
Those Gasol brothers are the ish,
we're all brown, idk why he would get all booty hurt over "nigga"
Playing piano. Yay!
Aww. Old Hugh Grant makes me sad. :(
I must try Orange Leaf today.
Great event last night! Thanks for letting B&W and Classe participate. Keep up the great work!
The partys in my head
Thanks; I had a great time!
Wow, how did I not know about lala.com's music mover until now? If they add smart playlists, bye-bye iTunes
I'm going to marry your money<3
I would slay a dragon for some nachos right about now.
Currently 41 degrees
Maci, ask them who lit it up today in the game!
At the reception for Mil-Blog!!! Whoop!!!
I have 5 teams left in the
Whoever wrote Angela Bassett's dramatic monologue in the beginning of " Waiting To Exhale " DELIVERED. Shit gets me every time.
Sounds delicious.. I love black beans!
Horny mornings alone <<
i got 2 dresses! AH i love this store, its amazing. they have cloths like forever 21 and cool shit like Urban outfitters
got the sausage, hash brown, and bagel to match.....breakfast of champions over here
#Diabetes DHA During Pregnancy May Cut Infant Colds Getting enough of an essential fatty acid during pregnancy may help prevent colds in ne
Sometimes memories are fun and sometimes they make you sad because now they are only memories. . .
Hello Tuesday! Is it gonna be easy breezy day for ya'll? Let us comfort you with our love and yummy food.
I love u Casey you are the best sister ever. Love your wonderful sister Nicole!!! :)
Rupert Murdoch to Parliament "I know nothing"...because I watch Fox News
Oklahoma Joes BBQ in KC. Best Q in The home of BBQ. It's in a gas station. You come to KC, I buy. PSneon trees blow
It's funny how those memories they last like strawberry wine..
Yo, new kraft brand; it's 2011. A Flash-only web presence is the new "under construction" animated gif.
Give a birthday shout out to my man ! We're both on our 4th time through the Insanity program. Thnx 4 all u do! :)
Thanks for the updates
yup what u doing
Yes indeed - had a very nice time talking to you all on a beautiful Atlanta evening.
my parent's new house has a pool. they are talking about skinny dippy. ........
To the fellas be kind to a lady always today share a hug and a kind word to all moms and women that support and take care of us 365 days
...the most successful people in life, ...their strength is not having the right answers, but in asking the right questions- John Chancellor
Have you checked on ? RT : anyone have creative gift ideas for my godson's christening? Super excited!
So the question of the hour is whether or not facebook screws up instagram. Taking all bets!
why do girls let boys affect them so much? like who cares...
i never met them, what if u never did met them
is that a true story?
I live out of market. Do you know if I can watch the interview online? Thanks for all the great announcing!
I stay up. Ill sleep when im dead.
Summer, I can't wait to be reunited ☀❤
nice meeting you today!:) -See you next week
10th floor dessert-a-thon = torture.
Over 700 #AEDs found keep up the good work.
well I'll keep my season pass, then. Holler, Taught me...some things I know :)
Twerkin all night.. Come see for for some 45 cent wings & basketball 🏀👍
I think its raining cats and dogs put there! Good heavens!
Dear Candidates, Leaders, and Media: "Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth." -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Fun will definitely be had !!
We're on the same page! Photographed anything awesome lately? More warehouses?
Dinner at Cafe Sphere then to WFM for some shopping.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you call me short, yet we're the SAME height.
I thought u lived in St Louis lol I'm not from there
Its so cold outside.. I wonder what the weather in Cali is like right now
“: Must every date include a hot tub? #thebachelor #urbaniteproblem” or a helicopter
Eatting Good Out Maryland :-)
lol i guess
this is why we love you
