Remember no matter how bad we think things get, there is always somebody worse off than us
Are you in the Dalls-Ft. Worth area? Send us a Tweet to say hello!
1) Remove the "bro" culture 2) focus on growing the game among minorities & low incomes RT What would you do to fix lacrosse?
San Diego
Ho! Ho! Ho! Our gift cards have arrived!! Receive a free $25 gift card when you purchase a $100 gift card! Happy Holidays!
And is the T-shirt provided or do you pay for it?
$2 well, wine and draft tonight in the SKYBOX from 4pm-7pm--See you all there!
Omg I almost hit this bitch wtf
Were off to a great start, we have had over 800 downloads of our lite version thank you all for helping to get the word out!
Don't agree with everything diane ravitch says but bravo for getting such a high profile speaker!
Big election day tomorrow. State supreme court and Milwaukee County Executive candidates on the ballot.
this guy
Is it weird that I kind of like him?
buy an ad-free subscription! SO worth it for the price, and plus less power to ads :)
Not a problem! Glad someone cares! Biggest issue is "can milw EVER win a title?" Should goal be a 50 win, 3/4 seed?
Dear Thank you so much for your time. It was great talking to you and we hope you enjoyed Blat.
Hey , what happened to your show tonight in Brooklyn? the site says it was cancelled, was looking forward to going
Perhaps if we never went off course we wouldn't fall in love, or have babies, or be who we are today.
my ass is about to experience 3rd degree burns lol
My mother's been raising me without no motherfucking help from a man. -JCole
just kidding.... I'm going to someone's house because my mom's cutting hair....
only during finals week at uic hahaha. sorry you got pushed bro.
Mongolian beef for dinner (homemade) and rice crispie treats for dessert! I have an excited kiddo on my hands.
Yes a girl can propose to a guy.
Sometimes, I apologize not because I'm wrong or you're right. I apologize because I treasure our relationship more than my ego.
hey shannon ;DD
Thanks for following back , very exciting.
Thanks for the Re-Tweet!
sorry not really a fan of terry richardson ;)
Just when I thought me in my biking clothes was going to be the most disgusting thing in the office today - Zardoz shows up to save me!
thanks c:
Does it have an official launch date?
IT, Engineering & Technical Freshers Jobs in India: IT: ( Freshers ...
y is there a pic of you on a motorized scooter?
Tonight for the Caps its win and go to game seven or go home
FOLLOW ME PLEASE<3
follow back? (:
When it's time to be a man we're not gonna show up!
FRI Dessert Lunch Special: Root Beer Float with Vanilla Ice Cream
The chick next to me on has watched Downtown Abbey and now Swamp People, all downloaded from iTunes. Huh?!?!
Tell all my friends I'm dead
A La conquista de mi alma mi alma mi alma a a a a
getting ready to head back to Atlanta....i miss the A
oh word where you stay at now
i know :) we don't live far ♥
People are beautiful for who they are, not because for how they look outside.
I never knew that you can get bullied on twitter when that person is following you:(
dude my phone broke. no WORDS, no joy. i guess for now you win!
Problem solved Thanks for the awesome custom service! I appreciate the timely reply.
Staying focussed on the positive can be difficult when negativity surrounds us, but with determination and hard work anything is possible!
This rain storm :)
who knew! Lol ... Never leave mula on the table right!
you will be here this weekend
Does sharing experiences teach passion?
Oh, and be sure to tell your (many many) friends about OpenStudy! The more the merrier! :)
:looks like you had a blast. Now you guys have to perform in your home state N.C please.
Cab someone give me the name of the song tht they play "I m on my way"
Wait when?
honesty in relationships is always important. Nice.
Sorry I missed the pro-Foie rally today. For the record, I find animal rights activist who protest Foie & not fast food completely absurd.
haha i highly doubt shes gunna fly down to atlanta
Listen to 107.1 A1A and hear our ad on the radio!
Yeesh. RT : The youngest pitcher in the Brewers' organization is 21.
Why does that one strike your fancy?
RT #ZodiacFacts It's often said that a #Sagittarius is their own best friend and worst enemy.
Yeah I was hammered, what can I say? Sorry? No lol that's what happens when you go on vacay :/
thank you for coming to #SHiFt2012!
Keep looking everyday for my future #library job, #reference or #childrenslibrarian can't wait for the start of this amazing career.
Mfs out here fuckin on ANYTHING!
first nursery trip of the season! I think some spring plantings are in store
So tacky. Xtina picking her nails while Tony Lucca thanks all 4 judges for helping him. Obviously is the better man.
Website launching soon. Interested #actors, be sure to stay tuned for info on how you can #audition for the show.
lol damn right!! pure ridiculous American history and insanity
Nickelback Greatest Band ever
yeah man, let's just hope it stays that way. Everybody is "human" but in his case a scandal would be an epic fail.
real friends take each others weaves out.
The truth is in the double negative. ‘I'm no homo’ would mean the person is straight. ‘I'm not no homo’ would be the opposite.
FYI - You need to be able to prove that you purchased a ticket to the HFTwestival to win (ticket stub picture, conf. email screenshot)
huh? RT : Why do you think I hate Milwaukee? I love Milwaukee! I just think downtown could use a shave and a clean shirt.
Give non-perishable food items & help feed your community
Any thoughts on Irsay getting rid of Pollian(s) before Superbowl crowd shows? Coincidence? Not part of it but still a shadow on the team.
Watching some robot chicken before bed time. Let the good dreams begin!
#Lookup -- you're great just the way you are. #MyBiggestFlaw ? No way!
I think and in general talk about the same exact things everyday! Wack
its hot!
Monday Night NPR is doing a live broadcast and is going to call the Twilight. Please come in between 8pm-9pm to cheer for your initiative!
one year to grow my hair past my shoulders. starting now.
Heat transfer printing + manual printing = total access for all customers needs. Keep all jobs in-house.
Fever First Fridays | Classic 80s & 90s tunes all night long! | Free before 10pm | 9PM - 2AM | |
Do you hear people say "say honey I want to visit that city that was on the first 48"
You have! And they always look so good! But I am allergic to mint, so have never had one... :(
Geeked over new case fans? Taught you well, I have...
We are SO sorry it has been slow to load. We're working on it. Thanks for your patience. :-(
Waiting for that sweet, right guy to come along <3
forget drone journalism! drones for #qs; think of an autonomous robotic agent following me around collecting data :)
o ok cool girl i got u!
I sure will. Does anyone have any NYC hotel recommendations for ?
At Terry College in Athens today to talk to MBA students about marketing opportunities. Appreciate the invite and looking forward to it.
Do what you love; the money will follow. ~Marsha Sinetar
Come on you #NNS regulars! Get your rears to the front!
So tired, gonna go to bed, been reading Go Ask Alice all day, so sad but so good :D
I'm sorry to hear service was slow last week! How was your food?
Aim for success...not perfection. But always strive for perfection. there's a new quote we just made together! LOL!
Played the tourist over in the Bishop district. Great food and cute shops
Ready For Valentines Day ! <3
You're welcome. We look forward to your Tweets on what's going on in the #organic industry.
A good day with lots of auditions. Guest star on a series, Lead in a short and a Supporting role in a film. I'm covering my bases.
I complimented my friends mustache yesterday. Now she is mad at me.
RT : DYK there are now over 2.6 million breast cancer survivors in the U.S. today? That's more than any other group of cancer...
All we do at work is think about ways to make you feel really bad then immediately really good about yourself!!!!!
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
“I loved every second of it-looking at the pyramids upside down as we looped over them again and again"-LT 1st airplane ride
Kerry said at #iappsummit that international interoperability is not the same as uniformity; there are legal and cultural differences
Watch for me on KOIN TV today talking bicycling in
RT RT : That moment when your neighbors have their car blaring music and the bass is so heavy it starts shaking...
#thatawkwardmoment when you run into miranda pecks mom at the gas station and mr. kosbob at the comic store
We just had lunch at Pizza Fusion. And oh my god, that's the best Pizza I've eaten my life. The pizza was organic. Organic is the way.
No thank you.
I love Jennifer Aniston, holy shit.
Fine. I'll stop.
This is our decision to live fast&die young. We've got the vision, now let's have some fun. ;)
Just watched slient house gay movie ever!!
Better Tip: Use "EARTHDAY2012" at checkout and receive 10% off your entire order!
My friends always talked about it when they were drunk. No cows in Cleveland. Only the fat squirrels are out in Dec-Jan.
TI computers are fairly obscure. We lived in TX though. Even had the voice box plug in piece.
Will do.
it's 11:11. I wish to meet you one day.(:
Satan is the mess on the floor of our Soul... BUT cry out to Jesus and He will coming running... Continued next tweet
Awww thanks girlie! It's not until March 3rd but I get super excited and celebrate early! The last year I will be thirty-anything!
and i definitely just puked up all of my Red Robin.
The very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream. ~ W. Shakespeare ...What does that mean?
“: bitch got scared when i asked if she wanted to find out.” lmao
We tried to ship it differently - trust me. We ended up eating some shipping costs. :) Hope you enjoy the stuff.
thanks for featuring our event last month. Our next event is April 15.
I thought u once said Peter, Barbara thought Paul, could have been Mary lol bad joke
Working the MVP Party at Lambeau then heading in for the game in a suite provided by Karl's Event Rental! Thanks much ! Go Pack!!
lol yeah u could tell i hope he never calls her >:( or next thing u no there dating D:
you're so hot !!!! Saludos desde Sacramento, CA. 
We will be coming soon!
Bare Bowls in the Menil parking lot until 2PM--absolutely farm fresh lunch. Come into the bookstore for your Richard Serra catalog.
Way to keep the lead State!
why do i bother lolol
ur prettying amazing ;)
Before today, some of these people were already green.
happy new year (:
Why am I always waking up with the idea ...alright already make something new.. Do something , why are you just laying there!
:) btw i saw your email. good stuff. yay, you'll be back in a few weeks.
Got to catch up thanking our followers. Each new one, just like our fb page will be thanked by the band.
really? she was on teen mom? i will kill this bitch
i would rather use a pen !
We need one of these in Chicago this weekend!!
New Beat Up "I Go Hard" Go Listen/Download SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Make Sure To Download "Pour Up" Push It To #1 On The Charts!
Honorary mention, hey I'll take it! :) Have a great weekend Lily!
#woohoo I'll ask what her schedule is :)
Someone I know gave me some nice Authentic VOL gear for you to wear next year. You'll be able to wear something new every week
Chen's shutout just got Mair'd
#Gizzi predicts next pres nom. from R side will be on the ballot not because it's their turn but rather it's their agenda.
Off toe see Foxy Shazam. In case you haven't.
kk i included a picture of the album as well and now i'm doing the warped tour/boozle thing
you still in town?
I don't like that.
BIG SHOUTS FROM LA SEN ! STAY UP HOMIE
you better be ready and excited! It shall be tons of fun! :)
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
And of course, both of those are subject to a little wiggle room and change as life progresses. :)
uh... Is that it's name? Cuz, um, that is definitely a guinea pig.
If you will be attahending Expo Transporte in Guadalajara, send us a message so that we can schedule a meeting with you.
i need 2b on dat same tip...
Spencer is so drunk
98 on accounting
Trying to reason with anyone who says "calm the f**k down" in response to your counter-argument is probably futile.
2 bad we couldn't get that.
Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves
Say Hola for me!
Why would you put up a RegWall to when I'm trying to learn about your product? UX skills should be mandatory for mktg ppl.
The less you give a fuck, the happier you will be.
uh oh!! I hope you get it done!
yall still giving rim jobs
When it rains it pours!
On track here. Lots of work but a great sandbox to be in.
well i dont have to worry bout anything
OH: There's no room for lies in those pants
was there an MLB lockout that no one told me about? Brewers starting 4 guys w/batting averages lower than Zack Greinke's .222
I am so glad I have Bikram Yoga in my life. What a treasure.
I agree Tom that's how my mother was murdered 21 yrs ago. Things still haven't changed!!
Did your lottery dreams go up in smoke? Then join "Law of Attraction" author at Peets Coffee in Denver's CCN this morning.
Sometimes I wonder how people come across my twitter
Soups of the day: Tortellini brodo, Ravioli Florentine, Chicken Pastina, Beef Barley, Lentil, Cream of Potato , Chicken with Orzo Pasta.!!
Can tell when there ain't shit happening on MY fb, I always end up back here for some reason.......
Doors for Hooterpalooza open at 5pm & showtime is at 6pm. Tickets for this bikini contest are only $10.77 at your local Hooters restaurant.
SEO your LInkedIn profile spell out acronyms and include key words
Today I have become self-aware. I suck. I'm a terrible person...and I am getting what a gave. Nothing. Too bad it took me this long.
Ready for people who are ready to "Own the Night"! See you tonight a Sandia Springs Lounge?
rock on.
after an hour of studying i better
Museum of Art and Design. Yea, I was severely lacking in Argento
Thanks Richie)))
I miss seeing 's Beautiful face!! I ❤ you!
Learned some great new words from the film "Extremely Loud...."
Our God never fails! Thank Him today for the little things He has blessed you. With in your life!
Fall asleep... Fall asleep... Fall asleep!!!!
I have to admit you got me on that one. Too tired and we have to head up to LA later today.
Great catching up with everyone this week and meeting new friends.. but it will be nice to finally be home.
Think Quick: Fender vs. Gibson? Discuss
oh my god im dying, seriously that was the funniest thing i have ever seen omg
Kindness can become its own motive. We are made kind by being kind. -Eric Hoffer
now Dakota why would say something so mean the sweet Carolyn And I ?
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
keep them likes coming!!
The one thing that always gets me through a Monday is ___________.
Now let's bash Kobe like they do Lebron... Right!?
#JustinBieber is at Liberty Plaza right now www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
So envious of John Peel's record collection it makes me want to barf.
lol im prob not going to bed till twelve ...im such a procrastinator
Thanks for the nice mention!
well Im on a steady regiment of aids jokes daily out here and start at the brewery this. Maybe summer. Or come out here dude!
You're the gif mater. Make one of PV punching that Gatorade sign after Chicago scored.
.... Getting in one of the last workouts until I'm Boston bound. Who is going to the Jay Cutler Classic this Sunday?? See you there!!!!
Its #tacotuesday...how y'all doing?
You realize if we played by the rules right now we'd be in gym?
Great work as always...
Josh Hamilton, awesome work. Oh by the way, do the #Padres play the #Rangers this year?
Dane County #FarmersMarket Wednesday! What fresh, local produce do I want to pick up today? :)
Great meeting you yesterday ! What apps do you use for Twitter on your phone?
happy mothers day mama. mahomies love you! <3
"i'd go straight for you" > best thing a homosexual can say to you
Just emailed....you totally still get a prize! :)
What sophomores gone be Gs and come to school tomorrow?????
This is something that is currently in the development pipeline...we are cranking on Version 2 right now! Thanks for the input!
First California Company, Jamestowne Society: One of Our ...
agreed I LOVE the spice girls
same here, how fast do you think someone goes after him for their school
Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Who's got the Luck of the Irish today!?
I an going into solitude for a few months. I need to achieve so many goals, so until then goodbye..
Who can I talk to regarding my inferior Poulan Pro string trimmer?
so your district is essentially split several ways and the southern Polk seat is all that's left it appears.
lets do a trade.
I'm up like I don't have work
MUST♥Follow
Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Just over the channel. You can come swimming to me.
Agreed, and thanks for doing the presentation part :)
ya all have a blessed day fams
let support know about the issue. They will follow up with you
RT had a great time in TX the last 2 days. Cowboys, Saints and Texans all have talented rosters
Man im so cool living with my mom going to a community college and being a virgin #haha good thing i don't care what people think
RT : The investment in structured metadata more than pays for itself over time
#DJS that need drops, music or mixtape hosting from send script or info to
The Oscars were so fun + fabulous! I would swap anything for Mila's lavender dress. How about you, which starlet would u love to swap with?
Thanks for the retweet!
Just listened to John Coltran's "Equinox" track and heard myself say as loud as anyone speaking to themselves, "that's a smoking hot track!"
never seize to amaze me, just found the perfect gift for a friend that I can't find anywhere else!
Never ever give up !!! Remember you are very important to someone always !!!
Tip #175: Figure out what inspires you. Is it something you listen to, watch... read? Is it a particular person?
what will be your first line ? Vicccttttorrrr I'm home ? Or did that just work with Ricky?
will be giving away the VIP passes this week. Listen to win.
haha I look forward to seeing you guys in no pants with beer in hand. Notify me time/place and I will be there to marvel
I hate when someone invites me somewhere then acts like they don't want me around
: ) RT : We are the answer to 13-down in today's crossword.
WELCOME TO THE TWITTERSPHERE! Everyone follow my boy Matty's new Twitter page!
One phone call with him brings me back to my senses. He's my voice of reason and my best friend.
Sometimes I have no idea what emotions to feel.
At home now processing pics after an awesome two day photo shoot International airport.
I do that often. Keeps it silky smooth. Lol
If kills I'll kill... something NBC likes... Leno, I guess.
and you would be nothing without my presence in your life
The podium at the city council is clearly not designed for children. Too tall
“: RT if you wish that cancer would get cancer and die.”
I'll be shocked if it happens.
I wish I had a relationship like Kanye West has with Kanye West.
Love playing with +Google. Might be a fight between that and FB - wait and see. #+GooglevsFB
First NYRR race of 2012! In the heights.
We're in the same city! I'm sorry I missed you! I hope Mommy will rub her belly for me!
sausage egg & cheese sandwich with a side of strawberries
so like im n the library...missing u lol
Guys think of girls as books. If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they won't even bother to read what's inside.
it was good stuff. Keep it up!
Girls are so fuckin nasty these days. Smh.
At the outnetwork event at northwestern! Keep up the good work
Well said!
hey now.
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!47
Find a "Super-Cute" gift for that special Chick in your life ONLY at Chika Chika in the Galleria at Sunset in HENDERSON, NV!!!
“: The main reason I want summer to come so bad is so I don't have to get up at 6:30 everyday -___-” I get up at 5 😨
More importantly, when do we start our BLOCKBUSTER MOVIE POOL?
You can tie-in celebrity names with a press release. WAHL Clipper Corp sent one with results of a WAHL Facial Hair Survey. Clooney won.
Wayne Boich | Views On Liberty
Happy Birthday !!!
We're not alone RT : BREAKING: Metro has approved a fare hike that will start July 1. Story to come.
I need to do my homework but I just wanna sleep <3
she's on your mind
In honor of this exchange, I am playing the album right now.
I don't think it's an accident that there's a Florida Flamingo on that album cover....
are you watching the #ThundervsLakers game, too? #ThunderUp :)
got 2 million downloads in a day
Got Sent Home Frm Work Ova Sum Petty #IDGAF Doe
I get excited when I get twit mentions.. its like FINALLY someone acknowledges me!
That'll make em easier to spot though! Ha
That would be cumbrous cumulative tendency
iPhone has been dead for 5 months
Slay the beast!
Saddened to hear of passing.
Super mad that temple run is "incompatible" with my phone! I have one of the best Android phones out!
how much did you freak out about alek and chloe??? I had to ask because I was so happy haha
So tired.
Car dead. 250,000 miles. Could thia be the end?
Rite now I feel like I'm ready to go anywhere they pay me to n 2 years Imma b telling em where to send the checks
it goes...you too boss.
#SouthCitySyndicate will be in full effect tomorrow night to watch go for 8-0-0! south!...assemble!
me to. Hes amazing and his laugh is adorable!
We are in week #4 of Off-Season phase 1 w/ the HCC Mens Returners. What I am impressed w/ is the energy brought 2 each workout has not faded
Hope you had an amazing birthday !! Love you
Chess pie is a southern thing - it has a plain custard-like filling. Those scones sound great! Love cherries, but so expensive!
Hey Febreze, I don't believe you....that room looks like it STANK & no febreze could cover it up. :/
Twitter got hacked my bad. Haven't been on all day
Convinced another person to buy tickets for #Wits. Comedy + music + engaging banter = easy sell.
Heading to the store to purchase some new drawers
haha yeah go to pets palace on goldsmith lane off of bardstown... trust me haha
Wilco and Nick Lowe are performing I Love my label together in Raleigh.
Your hot!! From Eric in ny :)
And my summer school class is being cancelled. My periodic unemployment looms considerably larger than it did mere moments ago.
told her too early to be cooking for him & having him meet family.
I would if I wasn't in school :P
Have a good night sleep.
Excited to celebrate Bridget & Tyler and & John today!
Thanks for the follow friend!
No, Betty did her. RT So I lost touch. Did Archie ever bang Veronica or not?
i think i was pepper sprayed last night...
Chesapeake CEO McClendon Got Wachovia Financing Three Weeks After Chesapeake
Awesome! I think you'll dig it
emma o stilly's face is sorta weird looking.. I'm not saying she's ugly for all you stillnators ok
Jazzed for #CoFLA after great call w/ fellow session participants Thx for bringing together!
Happy Twanniversary, you early adopter. :) I just had my 4th earlier this month.
You were following me and then you stopped. Not nice at all ;)
I hadn't seen that! Thanks for the head's up!
Happy Friday!!! God woe me up so its gonna be a great day. Smooches
We have been working with Mr. Crumb for many years and will be premiering his newest work in 8 days! Many CDs available
u called me boy?
I know u have problems but I have feelings too
i burped && smoke came out
Alright well I guess we can give one to the lakers in boston, no more though! Let's go celtics!!
No catch. No fine print :) All the books in our online library are free to read.
That's awesome, good for you!
lol my bad
Why only half?!
I love you. <3
awww so beautiful! 🐱☺ my cats orange too lol
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
Omg. On a prop plane. I'm terrified. Here we come, Maker's Mark.
SUCH good advice. It always makes home cooking so much easier!
Piano time!:)
BUY YOUR GROUPON FOR INDY BOOT CAMPS TODAY FOR A GREAT DEAL! www.groupon.com/indianapolis
C'mon now...too many misses! Not impressive when u try 8 times
Amen“: Adlerism: Too many opinions can spoil your loft. Trust your gut and your gay BFF.”
Giant Panda Guerilla Dub Squad, Phil Naro, & Greener Grass Band on The Sunday Night Shakedown tonight! 8-11pm on 98.9 The Buzz!
Whatever happens from now on, let it be something we will always remember.
Great show Live from the main Greenhouse of the Jardin Botanique de Montreal (Butterflies Go Free)! Thanks for the interview!
Money can buy you friends, but they probably won't be very good ones. Same goes for Twitter followers. Seriously, #StopTheSpam!
Word of the Day "Bombat" Pompous or pretentious speech or writing.
its a blessing being in demand...u have much work to do...u r chosen
Challenge that bitch!
Omg this lighting is rlly scaring me it keeps shaking my bed.
yeah but they're workin with like 9 acres and they're probably Canadian. We're working with a smaller yard/budget & Philly weather.
I wish someone would txt me back... ugh!
In order to prove I'm responsible enough to own a puppy I just lost our cat. Sorry
Walking thru the the planet hollywood when all of a sudden guy in a costume runs by saying va jay jay coming thru. Haha. Like a thug #th ...
everyone should go follow !!!!!!!
I knew I smelled horses in china town!
Giving thanks to our Creator for honoring our gifted talents bestowed upon our jeweled crowns of universal destiny saluting Ori. © dmp
Can you Please follow me??? your amazing (:
Thanks! I wasn't gonna call til 2moro anyway. Just wanted to get it b4 you & Ryan crashed.
I'm so fucking itchy I want to die.
newest song on my iPod... Glory by
There's no place like hometown for the holidays!
Ha! We can put that quote on the back ad.
Awh thanks boo boo. :) I miss you!
is my secret weapon
s/o doing great, Andri! Same goes for u...
I settled for Milano mints lol
Kyle Stanley - Looking forward to you spending some of your millions here in Gig Harbor. Come back soon for a "Meet the Champion" event.
' That nap was Hella good :)
Wow first time watching Derrick Willis play and you can't breath on him wrong without hearing a whistle.
read: darker, older, smellier. Been there. Not impressed by the arena. Fans are what make it great place for a game.
Agus an céanna a thabhairt duit :) RT : May you always have a cool head and a warm heart.
gonna go visit my grandma :)
oh no! I had a friend who also just lot their pup. It's heartbreaking. I hope your parents are doing ok.
you don't sound like anyone Iknow. must have accidentally tweeted u...certainly steering clear now, whew!
im lost
Update on fair use from ARL -- Fair Use Best Practices for Academic Libraries releases today.
He say it's fucked up I love another man u fault u once had me n fucked up time after time he luck up n I'm stuck
night toots--didn't even see you out and about tonight. Catch up soon ;)
is studying lines while not in the scene! :D Thank goodness for breaks :D
I'm so proud of all of us.
thanks! are you going?
Car fire on the block behind our house. Strange place to park a car. Fully engulfed by the time I could get there.
I did! My niece and I are psyched for the maze.
yea where is it I wanna watch it too
that's a good look bruh
Researching a bio note & found this: "He ran into foolish & wanton delights, as sports & past time, music & dancing": Positively scandalous!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 1
Drinking and really enjoying 2009 Chardonnay. Tart flavors, nice acidity, and balance from California. Love it!
U know what, I'm over it that I'm not still in California for the mint show today. I had my own mint show on Tuesday night. Lmao
I think it would be a good start, if we can keep these people honest and keep them from grabing powere for poere sake
morning to ya too luvz ^_^ I SWEAR I SAW YA BF IN queens 2weeks ago on the A train when I went to get my throat tatt lol
I just hope u miss me when I'm gone (Drake) voice
When friends ignore friends u gotta wonder why. And as ur missing them u begin to see how important friends are!
Happy Admin Prof Day! I thanked our Dept Admin with some items I wish I could eat! If I didn't have a #peanutallergy I would want to eat...
hey thanks for the foolow.
Thank you! And yes, what better way to celebrate than share some local delicacies;
hehe... I'm familiar with that scenario.
I have 11 properties with tenants in them and I'm looking to unload them by 5pm today huge cash flow opp DM me
Overly annoyed right now..
We won't tell your boss if you try one of our new martinis at Lunch.. They do it in Mad Men, right?!
I will if you follow me?(:
Up late composing a list of things I have to un-think about.
Exactly, Colleen. Exactly.
Rough tough cream puff?! Whatever ... suave is more like it!
how's it hanging man?
#ThatMomentWhen the one you have been admiring from a far calls just to talk <3
Almost forgot! Happy Pi(e) day!
per , right to call for a recount is only for gap betw #1 & #2, #3 finisher cannot call for recount (even in runoff situation)
i was just thinking... why did you actually use yolo in a sentence earlier?
Looking forward to the gala tonight at the #DC Building Museum for the World #Environment Center #sustainability awards.
i'm in need of a hot place
Tastes like
hahha nah it's cool! I'm a senior in high school. But ima graduate in like 3 weeks :)) u like college?
Go Blazers!!
Yes we are! We have been & are currently located in Alb. serving all of NM.
Does anything smell better than a new comic book or freshly opened pack of Magic Cards? I'll help you out, the answer is NO!
Happy Bday to my friend and coworker ! #goodluck today!
Why don't you put your freak away before you hurt somebody
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE BEST MOMS IN THE WHOLE WORLD ESPECIALLY MY MOM! :)
That CoolStory_Chaz kid <<<
Woke up to news of Mo's torn ACL. Devastating. Day can only get better?
Hi GES All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Looking forward to todays #NEC3 event in Manchester. Good mix of clients, project managers and delivery partners due to attend,.
In some circles Salsa means Jazz. Check out any track by Eddie Palmieri, Mongo Santamaria or any host of master salsa musicians.
": can I get white wine wasted at dinner tonight? and then white rhino blasted after? please & thanks."God I love you :)
Yeah, I'll be there! It's definitely a trippy record!
is it bad that when I read this and it said "walker" I was thinking walking dead??
hit me when you get down here
it's what?
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 8
did you have any luck? Finding your tweet on tv?!
It took me 3 days to send that e-mail...and I spent 3 hours editing it & the attached materials. -___-
lol ,you fight for what you love<3
love it!
are you at the desk by yourself today?
Tomorrow is the big day! Cant wait to start a new chapter in my life
FOLLOW ME!!
Idk i just do lots of hash tags i guess
I just finished downloading the Qu'ran, if you want I could burn you a copy.
Thank you Joseph for the support ---Wishing you the best. Loved lunch with Chebre----Cynthia Harris
I said I'm high too bitch quit grabbing my T-shirt
Watching Boyz n da hood on AMC. Forgot how good this movie is.
Another reason to loathe #ChrisChristie: TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - NJ Gov vetoes bill allowing same-sex marriage a day after Assembly passes it
Sorry! We forgot our coffee this morning :) See you Friday!
You've won 2 tickets to Food and Froth this weekend! DM you details on where to pick up. Congrats!
damnn !!! time to wake up n get to work =/ pce
Louise Shelley, TRCCC, GMU at #ISOCDC roundtable on Transparency and Corruption. TRCCC Web site in Vladavostak was to getting M hits/mo
Let's see where the hell I am.
The font “Sans-serif” had several names in the past. Some of which are Egyptian, Antique, Grotesque, Doric, Heiti, Lineale, and Simplices
#itsawkwardwhen you fall asleep at a holiday party that you're hosting and everyone is watching you snore
no one could he's too presshhhh
oh no. I'm sad too! I can totally give you a refund but don't have computer with me. Maybe by the weekend? We'll miss you.
Oh no...Mercury is going retrograde in 2 days for 3 weeks! Will prepare myself for unexpected equipment malfunctions and miscommunications!
I got locked outside for peeing in the kitchen and I don't even remember doing it.
If y'all don't RT this then u must not like #OneDirection and #CodySimpson tweet me 143 if tee love 1D and Cody
how much r the tickets?
“: god morning” great morning fam have a great day
Clowning doucheBag losers on the regular
Oh the joys of flying standby... Thank goodness for portable media!
Now we can tweet at our clinics on Sunday and keep you updated minute by minute!
"Hey, I'm not here to judge." -Gloria Allred on her show 'We the People' where she serves as a judge.
hell nah I'm still in OH
that you see people from hs on eharmony ?
I want to go to Ultra Festival in Miami so badly : /
Agreed! Perhaps meet over coffee or lunch? Talk soon!
that is true. Thank you! :)
One of the things I like about our temporary stay in Cincinnati are these red cardinals that hang out in our backyard.
sorry for the late response. Next game is Thurs
I fucking give up okay
I vote Eric's
SHOUTOUT to the amazing thx for RTing me! aye people go and follow
is my other tweet factory that is used and abused more. This account is for our bubble gum badge 13 years in the making at
You too rock :) Would Woof to the heavens to be at your dinner tables :) Gn kindsters 7 tY
wow - when did you send me this -- I love this
RT : Ppl contine to Tweet like 1) She's actually the one Tweeting. 2) like plowing is an On-Demand service.
Bracket busters everywhere
I'm so glad I'm such a huge fan and supporter of yours. You're so amazing, and I can't wait till June 3rd! Hell yeah. <3
About to get man handled by hehe
Are video games getting worse, or am I getting more bitter? Either A money-grabs, or "quirky" indie takes on the platforming genre.
NCAA investigators inquiring about a Calipari recruit? I mean, I'm completely shocked. Compared to the Bo Ryan's of the world, Cal's a saint
isn't tat christian music??? LOL
It is called passion Todd! Nothing like #BBN!
Makes you wonder what was below, or if kitty just didn't realize it had added a few lbs. :) Thanks for the follow!
From Paris in Dec. to perfectly sunny Austin, counting down days until mid-January, when I'll return to the NY Studio School.
yikes lol. Well I live in oak creek lol
Today I am staffing the / Coty event in Bel Air. Very glam! :)
Thanks for the S.O. Glad you enjoy the service as much as we enjoy feeding you!
Fuck yeah, Tim! #SFGiants Coincidentally, I've been wearing my Lincecum T-shirt all day in #LA. Go GIANTS!
Hey! Get your own idea!!
Watching people get #Punk'd
Pineda asks, "Siri, can I re-injure my shoulder by lifting Domino's pizza to my mouth?"
YEAH YOU RIGHT ! ha time to get the fuck out this place for a week
Standing in line to get into the ceremony. Gates open in 2 hours. Bone chillingly cold.
OH WELL U BETTER GET A GOOD LIL BUZZ OFF DAT WINE CUZ I PLAN ON BEING ALL DA WAY OUT CHA YEEEAAHH
Just responded back..... it's like you were in the room!
On the inside looking out when I should really be on the outside looking at the truth. What u want is sometimes not what u need..
oh man i was going to watch that last night but wasnt home at the time. i ll dvr it next time its on
80 degrees in the A. The main reason to live here.
You are very kind! I will pass along your well wishes to Saz!
im laying in bed too haha
Unfortunately those went fast. Sorry!
Your dumb! Is this better?
« Man I wish my grandma was here.... I miss her so much» me too rip gma
Thanks for the follows! and and and and ! Have a great day!
Good morning pimps n tricks!!! Make it a great day!!!
I know it! Thanks! Have a great weekend.
ty, we r in a big battle, & ima fraid what cld happen 2 blake if they decide to yank him frm us..
lol I'm so hormonal
Abs...pilates...then yoga. Need some #kangen water now.
ya somos dos :S
hope you are having a wonderful morning, sir!
Take a knee. Jets new theme song "Timmy and the Jets."
oh yeah.!! Day two of operation walk.! Lol see you there
I wonder if Robin will mind having my 7-foot statue towering over him?
To celebrate the death of Bin Laden, we are happy to announce that all final exams tomorrow are officially coming with little flag pins.
I'm going to take a risk.
RT Maaaaannn I am so blessed to have my mom! God took his time and out did himself with this angel! I know Wat u said tl
Jogging! Sounds horrifying! :)
Fruita next year... So many bike races, so little time...
Wow. *tear* Thank you for that...you are such a gem. Love you and can't wait I see you in NYC. Xoxo
Means says 22 calibre shells not found on an individual. Asking Capitol be vacated for security check.
Thank you to anyone who listened to us this semester, even if it was just once. We'll be back in late January, so stay tuned for updates!
I was considering just not wearing pants today.
no worries!!
Checking out twalala.com - very cool!
what happens when a player tells another player "whatever you bet I call"? Is that binding? Cash game tourney does it matter?
Nigga, where you at!?
It wasn't. It was awesome in the moment, but really boring to watch now...like Simon Cowell.
Then, I drove to the Flying Saucer, ordered two monster pretzels with cheese, a couple of Yuenglings, and an order of wings. Gluttony rules!
2 more months & my godson will be here I'm too juiced .
Gonna fire up the GRILL if this rain stays away! Cousins cue! Hell yeah!
Yeah. Pool running would be perfect! Keep same cadence as running and heart rate should match.
Having a blast with and !
Going to bed. School then work tomorrow grrrr -_-
REMEMBER Game Night is a fundraiser!!! The menu will be for a minimum purchase in support of A.Y.S.!! The winner will be announced Sept. 24
My New Motto : Life's a bitch. Be its pimp.
Morning Becomes Eclectic. The M-F 9AM-Noon music program.
We've got free bingo tonight at 7
Lakes Region Community College Offers Real Estate Investing Course
let the celebration begin!
Still in Twitter jail>?
Thanks for introducing me, good stuff!
It should be others too.
Plotting the next three weeks of class. Exciting.
at work bored, daydreaming of some "pussy"
should've kept RunRickyRun... Fins loss, Ravens gain... SUPERBOWL!
let's hope didn't get fired!
watching parking wars. It is so funny watching ppl get pissed off cause they have to get a ticket.
It's 2011 people, if your website is black bg with white text you deserve no hits.
Stay safe!
were doing good but not great.
that's such a great feeling. Good job!!
I don't get why when guy's flirt with other girl's and their in a relationship, girl's automatically blame the other girl.. Are you stupid?
Both? Some libs use multiple retrievals from offsite as criterion to repatriate to campus, esp if steady over time vs spike
So hungry D:
I was being hella sarcastic but I like Mela she cool lop
What a great show at #caworld! Some great keynotes and sessions and met some great people. #FiberLight had a great show
morning babe (:
it was meann!
Blue Heron sighting!
abercrombie took those pants off their site quick
My Video Talk !New horizons!! I'll sen the link join me in my vision to be more!!
Paul's supporters are ever-present on school grounds; his name scrawled in chalk on every wall, his cultists never relenting.
I will see yo face today! 😍😁 #cantwait!
Give me a #shoutout and I'll give you one back!!!! :)
my stereo receiver is downloading/installing a software update. what a time to be alive…
Congrats! Enjoy that nice new website smell!
Welcome to my new Viking range. I wonder how long it will take us to figure out how to have it hooked up?
Sad news to announce: DC has one less pigeon (or one more maimed one), because of my bike tires.
I hope #bullymovie will come to Germany too. Thanks for your continued support!
Our major supplier is Bryant/Carrier , hope this helps. Visit kewlaire.com
Am pumped!!
Had a wonderful day with all the women and with They all left looking and feeling beautiful:)
What is the purpose of network television when you have the Internet?
T.S.G.M.L coming soon
The money is in brooklyn, ny near the intersection fulton st & rockwell ave
Hello #libchat - ters. First time here. MLIS student and elementary school librarian. Not even sure how all this works.
Chris, I'm in LA right now. Hit me up via Twitter on Monday of next week and we'll schedule a meeting, cool?
Our budget is the only one that didn't pass last night. Fuckin' sad.
Your eyes tell your pain </3
I walked to get lunch today and I'm pretty sure most people thought I was albino.
Captain Planet, hes our hero. Gonna take pollution down to zero! The choice is YOURS! My sis & I were all over that show back in the day
tossing & turning. Just want to go back to sleep.
Check out the purple booth#716! FREE Massages & goodies at the #LAMarathon Expo!
I have turned heel I guess.
seems like all the more reason for one to escape.
Sophie that sounds amazing!
let's get to it then
Hey guys! We would love to bring the bike by sometime and maybe make you a destination for our tours! Lets chat!
I know. It's so cool!
The entire universe is a mere illusory projection upon the one Reality.
24 hours to go
A great big thank you to everyone who visited us last week in Orlando.
If states paid full cost for everyone that would be inefficient subsidy of many affluent families.
She all on my Instagram. olee
I personally think a bunch of dudes would buy them and wear the hell out of them at the gym.
big money!!
Rookie Patriots Ridley is making the Jags D look ridiculous...I love it..
How the days r moving fast. Have to do something to slow them down before we loose track of time
We think your son would pick a really stunning chandelier and some tile =)
Less than 2 hours until the kickoff of the first DoubleD Wednesday! Double POINTS!
A nuchal scan FAQ - Pregnancy Questions
That second to last picture is my favorite thing in the world.
hell..even the pressing from 2005 is like $40+ w/ shipping from EU
My favorite part of the day is when I receive my emails. eek!
I shelve in my library! I find it relaxing, and I like shelf-reading to make sure everything's in place.
#USWNT getting fired up in the last minutes.
The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness.
Done and done :)
I can't wait to see what is like after he retires
Haven't really tweeted since my birthday on Friday.
No, no. The texture paint goes first. Gotta fill in the holes to get a smooth surface
Agreed! The music video killed me haha
Not impressed with the summer jam line up.
Always a compliment.
BOL you need to sit down !
oh really now? Pretty sure I'm cheering for the right team..you, on the other hand, are not.
": Coming home next weekend" Whoop2x!!!!!
right. You told her to tweet it..?
Making some big plans right now... I will tell you later!!
Is ass trending right now lol
follow back
RT At ballys they should have never created the exercise pullups cuz I'm going in
#ilikeyoubecause your swag is the dopest and you know how to make a queen feel like a queen.
You are very welcome! I hope my tweets add value and valuable info for your day.
hit me up on here when you get to the crib
Went to a wedding shower on Sunday-wishing well was recipes! Gr8 idea! I gave them my fave Chicken Marsala with sides & wine suggestions.
Follow back me! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!;P
Alfred, you know #Batmans Homeboy
Mamba! Hard to believe.. are still in this game!
Chicago misses you!
#PinkTip Get it in writing. Deals done by handshakes can result in bad situations later.
Good luck on your move!
I just hope I can get home in time for the start. I might have to head home "sick"
A divided Congress & recovering economy has helped prevent that. I'm voting with 4.2M #jobs which means
Google form is simple to use. For more complex questionnaire I prefer Qualtrics (for which UTD just got a site license).
Yay!“: Revitalization of downtown Las #Vegas moves on! City approved 2 move into old city hall THIS MONTH.#Vegas”
Chicago Business Barometer Surges To 64.0 In February - NASDAQ The Chicago Business Barometer rose to 64.0 in February, well above expect
Cujo in my pants! IT in my pants!
Honestly when I first got on Twitter I thought "Sarah would love this."
NO Artest or MWP as he's called =hard time shutting people down in high altitude...
After hitting a bomb just barely foul early, Joe Mather leads the #Cubs to the win after he belts a homer in 9th, exciting the freezing fans
You ain't got no YEEZY!
Gonna look @ my eye lids lolz stayed up all night 4 a test ats on THURSDAy soo now I got a head start lolz Good Night Tweeps :)
Omg I can't believe you got and me such a nice present! :)
What is wrong with this draft crowd? Who boos at every single player that is introduced. New york sucks.
Where? Who? You've been where? With who? M... Foreal Really? That's how you feel askin all them questions askin all them questions
Hey everyone!
They're here! Our ED admits are becoming fast friends on Facebook, posting 24 hours/day. Which means I need to disable email notifications.
:O feel better. oh and Tell ur mom happy mothers day <33
Disagreements are less intense and don't last as long-and passion and closeness are greater
Wait, this is one of those times where we blame everything on EA right!? Yeah, you suck EA!
Say what you want about Obama but he knows how to give a speech
We love you. RT : Just signed up for the first time, can't wait to get my card!
I call the shots in my life now... And I have great aim.
and flat billed caps featuring sports teams located nowhere near blacksburg
Congrats to for taking the leaders jersey in Tirreno Adriatico. Go Redneck!akg Now that is good cycling news!
Everything comes naturally <3
Thank you for the follows!
cool interactive Virtual Marsh map allows browsers to explore and learn about the SFBay's marsh habitat via and Intel
Sweet, what's your topic going to be?
- LOL, true. I stick to the cold cuts. ;)
R u comn to Atlanta soon?
great job last night BMac! Let's do it again on Saturday!
I love her!, what song? (:
That sounds perfect. I've been preparing for my niece's communion, so lots of cooking, cleaning & TONS of kids.
Watch me smash this guy's ukelele over his head.
Good morning y'all!!! Happy Monday!!! Blessed to be here!!!
Thank you :) so happy!! RT: Way to DOMINATE ! Beyond happy for you!
I'm a D. Pretty clearly.
- No. Don't quote my number or take it as fact. Just going off of quick thoughts and also who covers San Diego sports.
just for the holidays :)
Headed to and then off to hike #RunyonCanyon....great way to start this Sunday .
lol, I agree, what a mess
Happy Mother's Day to the drunk girl who passed out next to me at a party three years ago
Postgame Jim Tracy labeled Corpas' 9th inning fastballs "better than before his injury". Good sign
“: Yeaaaaahhh the CRAZY the WZRD, so much whiskey all in my liver!!” Fav track on that album
that's cool
": I don't think I've ever seen a QB snatch defeat from the jaws of victory as often as Romo does."
Trevor, I'm really not happy with you right now...
Giving someone permission to stand in front of the organization instead of behind it - on Social Media and tone.
Alicia Salas, first 4x 5A Colorado high school champion and 2-time Notre Dame MVP is your newest member of the CO 10s Hall of Fame!
Welcome to Twitter Need to connect with you soon.
TWO bad dreams in one night <<< 😞
aww - what an awesome brother you are - she has a nice smile - she must be such a sweetheart! :)
Going through program and registration list for this year's Faculty Academy. Record numbers of presenters and attendees, I think!
Euro 2012 Qualifiers today Victoria Las Vegas. Ireland V Slovakia at 11:30am, England V Montenegro and Scotland V Spain at 11:45am.
i love you :)
Morse Tigers up 7-0 on Ramona on a 40-yard TD run for James Roberts
What is the best gift you ever got? I bet it wasn't a gift card. Thoughtful gifts are the one's we remember the most!
Lol this is hard to belee!
This tea is yummy
Very likely. RT : Yes. His slaves, which included his children.
Its the boss's b-day to boot so Im gonna thrw n MJ joints all night long!
scholarly publication as collaboration -- we need new citation forms to encompass this.
Yea, The Black Mamba
Watching "About a Boy". Good movie.
GM, Isuzu to discuss capital tie-up, report says GM will begin talks about taking about a 10 percent stake in Isuzu Motors, as the two ca
I'm not a big fan of Taylor swift.. But eyes open is such a great song <3
Dear Photographers: When was the last time you backed up the photos on your laptop or workstation? Just checking. Come on, now.
This Friday we are hosting a Kids Mardi Gras with Yo Mamas and Papas at Tickets are $5 at door. Kids under 5 are FREE!
I love pilates! I try to go at least twice a week- I wasn't flexible at first either. I also take a pilates and ballet class.
Having a hard time. Leave to Denver as planed or fight for my business that my cousin is trying to ruin.
This isn’t something you have to do repeatedly
I might make this trip to the fridge ...hope im not disappointed
Dear city of Milwaukee, you're cramping my style with redoing Oakland ave. Good thing the weather is nice.
10: I whip my hair back & forth. 16: I pass my blunt back & forth. 30: I drive my kids back & forth. 80: I rock my chair back & forth.
"I've got a lullabye."..."want to sing us a few bars?"
I'm in Louisville hahaha! Doing good dancing and all. How about you?
CTFU!!! No comment!!
sounds amazing! :) :) let's do it! :) I'll message you and we'll get together!
Sunlight is the bet disinfectant. Unless you're trying to disinfect mayonaise.
All in all, someone eventually will have to prove they can beat Mike Smith 4 times in 7 games.
#erl12 fantastic conference for 2012!!! Safe travels home to everyone!!
I know! Wait... about what???
thanks for the follow back. You guys are our Church every Sunday.
STEELE/QUINN will be appearing in the 2012 Unscripted New York Improvised Theatre Festival. Stay tuned for more updates!
That certainly seems like a good way to start the day (and the new season!)
you at work
Happy Easter:)
How did it go at Diesel last night?
Never reject anybody in your life, because good people give us happiness and bad people give us experience. Both are essential in life.
Okay, Rose. Deal. is about to make me happy by watching the latest NCISLA episodes. (She's behind by 2.)
Keep your eyes open & your legs close .
I Want It That Weight: A Boy Band Tribute to Levon Helm
to you as well!
"playing hookie" or "paying hookers"?
lol well most people aren't awake *grabs kettle corn*
Heard from a friend: 7K comped tickets for the #Sixers game tonight. Unbelievable
sorry, William laws look my phone and posted that.
sorry we took you to the mall and two questionably named restaurants. Promise and I will step it up next time
just here at school chilling with my novia C; lol <33
According to the Guinness World Book of Records, the closest record is 19,431 miles in 19 days, 8 hours and 30 minutes.
I broke my phone charger and the battery is about to die... This is getting exciting!
bahahaha RT Thanks for reminding us on Facebook that you recently got engaged. We couldn't tell from the 83 pictures you posted
The hills are alive....Yep!
Good morning Pittsburgh. Good afternoon Italy. Have a beautiful day!
kh? Yea right
You've had to like something about him to have his baby cause most women won't have a child by someone they genuinely hate pro-life or not..
only girl in this fuckin joint. Lmaaaaaaaaaaaao
Did someone want to meet Bloomfire customers? Happy to make the connection.
RT if ur a single girl...... (just wonding how many singles are out their haha)
Happy Easter Everyone.!!;D <3
Yes. I did a few months ago and think there is a big difference, especially in camera quality.
Facebook Volume On Track To Set New IPO Record - Wall Street Journal
yeah I see what you mean. Not the best not the worst article.
Hehe yes, born & raised im Israel! :)
Labels "spend time finding those audiences" - ESL COO Phil Hawken
J.D. Maverick vs. Eddie Edwards is up next.
22 years old, and the dark and empty houses are still freaking me out..
Rest in peace Sam Rivers
Wonder if will ever follow me.....
we do <3
@ had to bring the booty shake to New York... I'm respected now!!!
That's my plan!
Happy Friday! Come party with Vegas' FINEST!
thanks for the mention!
Jan 17 See Allegro Perform at the Akron Civic Theater in Ohio. Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net for more info
I have no idea.
bruins, gym, shower, chapter 18 of Ghost Station. 102,262 words deep. this 12pk of red bull is seeming more and more like an awesome idea
The best part about working at Avante may be the free hot chocolate.
I wonder what he was like , of he knew the meaning of being reckless?
First time wearing shorts in an eternity
It's weird today I wasn't looking forward to Thespians but now for some reason I am oh well ain't that odd? !*)
That I knew (regarding Public Libs). I just took this as a hindering ploy to the transition to ebooks for Pub Libs
hey, no problem. always happy to help.
Beltran to miss pitcher with league's lowest ERA Dempster to miss league's hottest hitter- Carlos Beltran- who has sore knees
This game live!
Can I get a RT! - Go to creativemitigation.com and tell us about cool public outreach, interpretation, and creative mitigation projects!
Ask your representatives what they are doing to create jobs in Indiana....
damn it's just lettin me play it. But I am upset with your drake library
Hey fans, Charles here. I want to know: how many of you have a plan for keeping yourselves fed when there are no more grocery stores left?
That awkward moment when your #hatting in wal-mart & you drop something & have to pick it up... HARD! ;D
Maybe I should of kept that to myself ..
if i lived there i would go buh no. While im stuck in narnia you have fun.
Not a good day?
Would you please tell Nathan thanks for the note on our Linoit!
“: Irving does them a favor with layup at 5.4. He could have ran it down to 3, shot ball straight up in air"
Last time I had more than 500 followers, I was on a parade float in downtown Chicago ;-)
lol , man im sawdy my phone is being stupid . my phone boutta get no love cusz no one gon' call me
I feel you. 2.5 innings left, down 4 runs, it's definitely enough.
Ut Huynh on trial in Dept 25 today for several counts of a lewd act for allegedly having intercourse with his 8 year old daughter, Loni.
Being told you're not such a bad photographer after all= bliss.
miss YOU. Have a great bday bud :)
my eyes look so weird in my icon :O
"If you can't fly, you can't be a Byrd."
It reached 100 degrees at 10:00AM today. Make sure you are taking care of your coolers and A/C units.
I love you and I get to see you in Chicago hehe. Get ready!
Thanks to for following Tom Shaw Trio!
Thanks for the #FF love. Hope you have a great week!
Welcome to Twitter. How's NC?
Think I'll watch the FB stock trade in a few minutes. The faint whimpering you hear is just the Winklevosses.
lol so this may sound dumb but im still trying to figure out why it was called a super moon haha. looked the same as always
next weekend my friend, will i see you then? I would love to meet up.
Studio life!
thanks a bunch! have the best weekend
Awkward anthem. Nice to know that slaughtering the anthem isn't limited to
😳 Did she just call my child a hood monkey?!
Pray for #Kansas. Storms are coming full speed.
TOMORROW! TEEN NIGHT AT CLUB FUEGO! ITS GONNA BE HUGE!! 98.5 THE BEAT BROADCASTING LIVE AND DJ PRODIGY MIXING!
“ The worst thing in the world isn't being alone...it's being surrounded by people that make you feel like you're alone.” !!
Some of these chicks today have no class what so ever...like one of my teachers said young.ladies have to set a tone that mean hve standards
“: If someone believes in you enough to lift you up, try not to let them down.”
No, no one uses it. Everyone's on Facebook.
We'll look forward to meeting you!
You won't regret it! :) RT : Yellow cab/check cab - down. Next up, Flash.
Hard call this morning. At #libpage session: macro vs. micro level embedding w/ guides.
I'm curious who will the Packers select with there first round pick?
Thanks for the RTs and comments. I'll have to do some fleshing out of ideas!
nope. That was a once in a lifetime type of thing. I expect him to do alright but not THAT well.
i'm so proud of you sophia!!!
the movement is stupid, and i said i wasn't sure if i should call myself edge since i wasn't into the movement.
LOL! “: Dozed off. Doubt that was appreciated when it was my turn to speak.”
She was looking REAL cute (; haha
you brighten my day.
you so fancy ;) xo
Hey if I give you an audio recorder, can you get me some raw #Soyuz launch audio next time you're hanging around the pad? :)
sorry to hear that, if it makes you feel better my flight is delay because they forgot the food cart :)
Could you see using one of our galleries in your business?
I agree - it's important to understand what the label is telling you - flavor has to come from somewhere - read carefully
#politicians #Politics EGO + GREED + POWER = POLITICIAN
One or two or even three socks, doesn't matter bc you both ROCK! :)
((I'm happy you're back <3))
Nonsense. You are incredibly gorgeous, Ms. Shoulders! Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. :)
After the weekend White House and Derby festivities, I'm happy to report that none of the Wildcat players were injured. Back to you Dave
Meeting other students in f2f first helps w/online interactions later.
I forever treasure ur kindness to Mom & Dad backstage at ur shows in Wheeling. U really never met a stranger in ur life.
In less than 10 hours I'll be eating fish.
Unless we think of others and do something for them, we miss one of the greatest sources of happiness. ~ Ray Lyman Wilbur
Im too young to die come on and turn me on ♥
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
Waiting for my stylist at hair salon on a Saturday morning. Pouring rain outside.
No joy today if you are a Buckeye. I hope this is not the beginning of another lost decade.
OMG! Demi Lovato is supposedly dating Nick Simmons (HOT!!!). Daddy Gene says it's not true.
"durex: its not the snow tire of condoms" some casual thanksgiving table talk
We have a delicious new Rose' from France on our wine list! It's smooth and fruity. Perfect for a warm day like today!
things might get weird with working in JC!
Follow back? :)
Carmax just wasted money on a "5-Day Money-Back Guarantee" ad...seriously? 5 Days? 30 Days at least! 5 days still sounds like a scam...
Google just made me answer a CAPTCHA because I ran too many searches too quickly. Is that new?!
I have zero recollection of fish or celery sticks. You both lost me.
HEY FLYGO HAVE NEW MUSIC
Tupac's hologram already has a twitter account! Wow people you are fast.
Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God. ~ Martin Luther
what u on tomorrow im off
what age group you playing on?
hear that, ClipperCofield? RT : I have been told by that they no longer want me 2 b Clipper Darrell
sorry to hear that. What did you sing?
#theworstthing is seeing some gurl with cellulite all over her legs and wearing some tiny shorts... not cute at all....
RT : David Shaw: brontobyte storage systems are already in prod- fiber needed to support these huge storage systems
Marshall-ism of the Day: “Ask yourself: Where do I want to go? Recognize where you are now, then figure out the steps to get there.”
Fingers crossed! RT : PBS meeting w/ & today. Hoping #PBSNeedsIndies early impact helps negotiations!
Long ass Line should of went to taco bell
Damn they be roasting shorties on Tough Love
On my way to airport to fly to Minneapolis for Carleton College Asian American convocation.
great question!!!
Do you write code on your iPad? What do you use?
enjoyed the presentation, great stuff!
The Baroness: "Why didn't you tell me?" Max: "What?" The Baroness: "To bring along my harmonica."
no! I love Pulp!
Right now I'm loving it....7 bottles with corks and 2 without...and corkscrew in a box somewhere.
To wish me happy mother's day, my son posted an ancient picture of me. Even I had difficulty recognizing me, but the memory is wonderful.
First to RT a link to your favorite episode of #TheSingleChef will get a shout-out from on the next show!
hello to Yorkshire...:)
Yep! Fun, thanks!!
It's within an inch. It was not a strike.
thanks😃 I have the #titanic of covers.
Just an isolated shower, Pretty nice overall RT How is Friday's weather looking to you? Worth taking the day off?
Oct 4th Sunday.....BIKE MIAMI...Diaspora Vibe Cultural Arts presents Elastic Bond..AFROBETA..SUENALO..no cars Dtown MIAMI 10am--3pm
Who wants to hear "that takes the cake!" unless you're standing in a bakery.
Just found ELIZABETH WARREN's Native-American name : She-who'll-give-us-free-things.....
Good one!
yeah that house that people took prom picture at
hates the lettuce and obviously has no love for Friday (Ice Cube) despite reppin SoCal or he'd get Ulysses' ne
Amazing #pre-production & #writing meeting with today!
Understood. My babies turned 3 yrs one month ago. #andiwantanother!
My mission is to use my talents in combination w/others' talents to IMPACT the world and build community.
armature hour?
I thought that it would be different this time.
How long can he keep this up?
: You are welcome!
im glad your day will atleast go well.. love you!
And then it looks at you as of you are stupid actually expecting it to load a web page...oh good god
Very nice. Done and done.
Have you seen our shelf of 40% off items? Be sure to stop by the studio and take a peek.
": So biggie was more lyrical than Tupac.… Fuck outta here #hiphoppov "
has gotten FOUR holes-in-one (hole-in-ones? nvm) in one night of #tigerwoods04. I'm going to smother him with a pillow.
“: Pay Greinke! #BREWERS” seriously he's even said countless times that he loves pitching in Milwaukee. Cmon Doug Melvin
Art historical stereotypes in a McDonald's commercial. Loving it?
Thanks to everyone who celebrated St. Pat's Day with us!
#FF a great team of social media leaders
Now they recounting it. They seem to disagree on the amount. Let me count it
Well I sure wish I was down under to see u mega fine men ;) some lucy mates
Glad #POTUS came out for Simpson and Bowles right to get married. Now wish he'd come out for their budget plan.
I'll be curious to read it, as that was a great session.
It's always time for crab! Thanks for coming in tonight! What's for dinner? Crab cakes? Crab saute? Crab-stuffed flounder? :)
A great new idea. Just signed up. Planning lunches for next week. Entrepreneurs, check it out.
if I hear the Friday quote again... "it's Friday, we ain't got no job, we ain't got shxt to do"
Really? Okay.
Where were you all? Happy Mother's Day! Next week, we'll be together. Yea!!
Thursday #TarotDay. Thor/Jupiter: Wheel of Fortune. Go with the flow. Give and Take in rotation. No pushing! Only Expand.
Twitter>tumbler> instagram> dog shit>the shit that your dog won't eat>myspace> Facebook.. Ya Facebook. UhFence intended!!!
EathQuake Was Just Felt NYC!!!! Nothing Broken or Hurt Thank G-d.
SCANtv has 3 new shows! Community Blog TV, Scanned Up Comedy & How to Get a Job in Seattle. Have you seen them yet?
He stole my heart. He stole my life. He stole my everything. He stole my social life. His name? Austin Carter Mahone. <3 (: I love him.
I really dislike Noah but I have to admit he really competes hard.
ON THE NOSE!
Getting a tatt and this shit hurts.....
Well, I'm blushing. -BF
Reminder: We have our cast talkbacks following our Thursday night performances this month!
Quote: "The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up." Mark Twain
Bread? what bread? sir, these are simply just potatoes...
didnt go school cause i was sick and i hate it! now im going to clean up the house :)
I wanna show my friends shit dc girls say so bad but I doubt they'll find it funny.
Instant follow back....
A leader who lacks understanding is very oppressive. Proverbs 28:16
Look like you sniff 8 lines of baby powder just to fit in
No Kodak selling camera's anymore. Why that's just wrong
Love ?! Follow YOLO
'Take Care' still goes hard
good move to the Texans. But now you got the Ravens again. You ready?
no prob can u go follow
Yes great tonight, like every wk! RT : the episode tonight was great! Kathy Bates is so good.
bringin back the O.E 40 huh?
i spy with my little eye: two local lovebirds enjoying adult beverages and each others company. i didn't think i'd get here in time.
They can strengthen you or tempt you. They can lift you or step over you. They can encourage growth or facilitate failure. Are they friends?
I wonder if he recognizes me from our last time. Back pressed against the quasi-bolted stall door to watch him revolutionize me with reds.
Just married !
oh I see. Im at .79" for today here in se Portland
Catchin the end of the game and I like the way Vanderbilt's playin.
Yep. Just keep winning series.
you want a copy? Nice article!
Healthy food shoppin ✌
Getting ready to listen to former & reporter John Larson present 'Finding Your Center'
# FF they won Best of Burque - Best Museum !
Praying for you today. Knowing that God's has great things in store for you. A miracle is coming your way!
Cudos to you for lending a hand to another fellow start up. That's the spirit of SM
You know how we do, send our captain out in a wheelchair, come back in 4th quarter, rain some terror, block a shot or 12, etc
Oh, I'm already in time-debt. Might as well go all the way.
: Yep, we'll keep dancing no matter what the name is, but the music will be better with the new name :-)
Come out to PCH 8-10 tonight for Lindy Fix. Lesson by Nate and Miller. Also drop in on Int. Lindy from 7-8 with Sam and Miller!
1st Amendment in action! Finally-Just signedup yesterday. Love the uncensored-ness....The world is watching (those w/o free speech). Peace!
just added myself to the beta tester list. can't wait to try it out.
ok imma be here!
Six words, : protect Mother Earth, our only home.
Andres Serrano will be the KCAI commencement speaker this year.
we about to fire up a gin bucket at e 18th
Got tix for the Indianapolis 500 in the Paddock Penthouse on Memorial Day. Should be fun!
2 more finals + a paper then I'm free !
. One you recognize there's a line, you have to defend that line. Def a line b/w hate speech and fighting words. Why?
THAT'S the part...!
We checked in on the second floor of the student union and started off in the ballroom right there. They lead us from there.
Two papers and 12 hours left.
RT : Dr. Patricia Nkansah-Asamoah: "Seeing children born without HIV in 2015, this is very possible"
Then how about every state ?
Julius hodge from nc state
Hellz to the yeah!!!!! Over 3,000 RBB followers!!! Thank you so much for the support everyone. Stay tuned for big news. -Dan
jealous need to see you both asap!
The say that love is forever,your forever is all that I need <3 amazing
wow no sarcastic comment?
It's 1:00 in the morning and I'm laying here thinking when I should be sleeping...
My lil brothers just scored a 26 on the ACT practice test.. Na that shit cray!!! #Proudsister they earning every pair of Air Jordans I buy
I'm looking for a recent pic of the CADL building - help?
Cool Hand Luke is the 60th movie shown on Screen on the Green. Only two movies were ever shown twice. Do you know what they are?
She gets that a lot.
Lunch with at Noble Romans was good! Now I'm back at school though. 
dude huge props. Wish all front end devs had the eye and skill you do.
the funny part is that people actually listen to
Brilliant idea! “: Apple rumored to be working on iPay, making your iPhone your digital wallet”
I asked you twice calm down
"of" (position) 7
RT : You look badass driving that Mustang.
Band practice tonight! Hmm....rum & coke or Mike's Hard Lemonade? Or maybe Strongbow... =)
At Business of Commersial Acting Class. It's cold in the waiting room.
Recharged and re-refocused.
Romo doesn't need swag, he's got more heart to play than any other. Punctured lung broken ribs. Played. Hand jacked no pain killers
that's weird... really weird.
I just finished a 3.65 mi run with a pace of 8'19"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
RT : Listening to at #AWS workshop in Tel Aviv - he is great. Thanks Uri!
Me R sky diving with anne frank and friends
I think I'm disappointed in me too! What should I get arrested for?
Youu better come with me later -___-
Sounds like datko has the potential to be a james starks pick in that he wouldve been drafted alot higher without a big injury
Come and visit us at the Princeton Farmer's Market today 11am to 4pm in Hinds Plaza!
waves back to you. From Austin?
I do too<3 sucks idk him
My cab taking Queens blvd to JFK: loving the idea that might get his blinds at that Blinds To Go on the corner.
Does Black History Month officially end today or tomorrow? This leap year really has me jumbled up.
