That may be true but it's also better than anything SBTRKT's done yet.
1 A few more tweets.
So dey mad cause im moving far north...come on family...i need to be away from errybody...
I've been ripping and running all day, now it's time to crank out some great prose on my computer.
I MISS U...im soo bored girlie..i think im gettin Senioritis
McDonalds flow... And a movie....
OMG i had that same story to i doesn't count yay LOL
you know What happens with misdiagnosis on the suffering addict right?
Thunder are in attack mode!
I'm loving these photos!
Finally 18..... In one minute
Finna be knocked out swear. I'm bored as shyt like. Dude really should call me ASAP :/
ahh logan and I are addicted that show is amazing(:
#France has elected a new President, Monsieur Hollande. Sarkozy is out. Are you optimistic for France's future? Pessimistic? Nonchalant?
#Whiteparentsquotes "may I come in? #Blackparentsquotes "open d doe u dont pay the bills round hur" #myparentsquotes "what u doin in there?"
Done with my Comp I class preparation. From here on out, it's all teaching and grading. All Blackboard stuffs are timed perfectly!
RT : shout out to my dogs #laredosfinest Lazy V! Gone but not forgotten! leggs go!
"Betch I think you're going crazy" "only geniuses go crazy right? So at least I have a big brain"
Whatever makes them happy!
Real shit ": We all got issues, some just think puttin they shit online is the way to solve em lol."
yes! So tweet more pls. :)
you're welcome my friend
Cute pink nails, a great massage, and a morning of some baking with my mom.... couldn't ask for a better pre Thanksgiving day!
You have lost your mind. Tyler Hansbrough v2.0
thanks for starting my day off great :)
Don't think she was rubbing it in with both your teams losing?
Happy Monday guys! Let's make it an A+ week, shall we? via
HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY JUSTIN BIEBER !!!! I hope you have an amazing day! #LiveYOURlife <3 love you !!
My phone gets really hot at random times.
Hi ! How are you?Thank you for follow me.
for sure Broc. Join us!
good morning to you too!!!! Have an awesome day!!
Art show title idea: Bomb Shit Happens. It's mine. You can't take it.
Her goal is a god one, I just don't think that's the way to go about doing it! Sets a scary precedent.
it is so true isn't it
My dad might be late for work. /:
Gonna have a good day, it's Friday and I get out early :)
where could a fan buy some stuff to rep tde/you
Where does Eddie Felson travel to play against Minnesota Fats in the 1961 classic film The Hustler?
Who's going to the MWC basketball tourney next week in Vegas??? I am! Just bought tix. Let's meet up
I can't wait to blog about tonight's Pirates game - what an emotional roller coaster. Oh my gosh I'm such a nerd.
looks like i won't be writing for the sept issue of SLA Info Outlook...missed the deadline oops!
ofcourse :D following!(:
#schoolmemories when teachers would say give me your phone you will get it back at the end of the day
Nothing and no one can bring me down right now!
MAN! These are so awesome. Milk has met its match.
I told you not to get the sour kind.
im loving my life right now :))
oh come on!
you put your hand on your hip and tell him somethin'
I check how interest groups that I care about rate the candidate I'm considering. Tell us how u #votesmart for a chance to win a tee-shirt!
Dont get me wrong Harrington is doing a good job, but it seems lost at times allowing the opposition opportunity
they all talk to damn much
Whoever said "TV is like chewing gum for the mind" ought to try brain mints they work pretty well too.
Shana Tova to you! Hope you had a wonderful holiday!
yes. in Buddhism we say the environment is your mirror. and we can change. so we can change our environment!
Great to hear, thanx! What level US history course do you teach? And do you know of slavevoyages.org?
How is that book? I've always meant to read it.
sounds good lakin said that he would go next time !!!!
Hey Wanda! lools like u have been a VERY busy girl! Thought u were going to NYC?!
For a second, I was like, "How did she find me? I'm not even driving my car." Then I was like "Oh... duh."
Up All Night - love the show (Will Arnett? COME ON!), but hate it when it describes my last 8ish hrs. Even weird porn at 4am didn't help.
Hey! Great chatting for a bit today. We should keep in touch. Also, you interested in joining one of the #BIC teams? Could be fun
HELLO MUFFINS>>>NEXT DOOR HUNGRY PEOPLE>>>
||_-_~ SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Now you're nothing more than a box my closet.
My heart hurts for Slexie & I haven't really watched Grey's all season! Must catch up! I don't think my heart can take it, though. 😢
title 9 is one of the worst pieces of legislation ever.
Total domination by U.S. Women's soccer team and very little to show for it!
definitely a high ankle sprain! Those are the worst!
says Obama will "destroy the economic fabric of our state" but he can't decide to vote for him or not? Both can't b true.
Still yet, not enough. . But I'll try again,
Can't wait for #USC #Rossier Commencement! When you tweet about it, please use
A5:Yes, we should educate about challenges #caregivers face. Highlighting personal stories is a good way to do this.
Our last set at SXSW is tonight at 7pm at the Gypsy Lounge. 1504 E 6th Street Austin TX.
My wife wants more sparks in the bedroom so I ordered a welder on Amazon. It arrives today. She will be so happy!
Wifi I missed you
Feel better soon, happy Easter.
Not excited about actual birthday, super-bouncy-excited for the weekend celebrations. Not complaining at all.
#teamescaladetx to find out what everyone is talking about go to TeamEscaladeTexas.com
I read it via email.
Ohio has 11,851 children in foster care and 5,853 licensed foster homes.
From this moment forth Whole Foods will be referred to as Clusterfuck Market.
As expected, new Apple TV (the little black box) with new UI arriving March 16. Now with 1080p! Still $99. Looks the same as old Apple TV.
Heading out soon for #saa11 tweetup at Clark Street Ale House!
tonight shall be: columbus.
": Never use a condom, she gotta get used to fucking raw."NIGGA YO DANG GONE LOOK LIKE BEAT UP SNEAKERS BAR..
Getting Lucky at SooVac tonight....suggest you do the same.
Anyone have a futon or platform bed they want to sell me? Cheap? LOL
google xml sitemaps is another must-have. Livefyre and Disqus are both great for comments, and Gravity Forms is awesome.
Didn't realize I was in the cool kid section. : 5th row, right near
If you seriously say "LLN", you're losing a follower, k.
done and done
Hey and , its time to play in the
yeaa too bad we didnt make the final 3 :(
“: Virginia OLB prospect Cam Johnson interviewed with the #Packers at the Senior Bowl.” Thanks 4 this! Please draft him!
“: I'm over you. Maybe you should get over you too.”if that happens then no one will be with me lmao
Training - stop using closed statements on fanpages - use questions, polls & fillin blanks to increase fan engagement
Patrick i love your quotes you tweet there really inspiring and true(: it makes my day(:
where u ever in a gang?
Had fun talking to LIS390 today about my work in the UX field. Thanks !
#evilplan By putting treats in Rusty pup's food, I am conditioning him to love me more than the Hubs. Bwa. Ha. Ha.
Thanks for the mentions -- always very much appreciated!
Started 2day...#lovinit already!! 2 the other job after this and then goin 2 c paranormal 3 2night...can't wait!!
Warm Sundays in LA are the best.
DON'T BRING 17 PEOPLE WITH YOU TO YOUR BRIDAL APPOINTMENT.
In this scenario, the humans are the "tools" of the Medeans, what magic "uses."
R E T W E E T if you want a shout out to 15,000+ followers! (Must be following ) He Will Shout You Out & FollowBack #JustAsk 4
(: rly good. So happy things r great! How r u gonna spend ur weekend?
lol Miami Wonka must have gone to Belen then haha #Represent (Too bad this is false -_-)
I'm excited for said blog to launch!
It's definitely an interesting Thanksgiving special!! She is nuts but talented!!
Doing well. I've been super busy. Settling back in though.
Going to have final draft running all day!
Time to get the game faces on !
I think I look at twitter much while I drive. #imhomealready?
Yes! We can do this! Miss you tons!!
a good day to you too
Had our first non-rookie pick. makes a nice sleeper choice of Mike Goodson at 2.05
In Wisconsin, proliferation of local and major businesses banning law abiding citizens from conceal carry by posting signs, "No Weapons."
chatting HOLICO GIRLS was fun:)
i love you too bay. And like i said betta safe dan sorry lol
Wow! Triple congratulations!
Friends came over so I made corn flake potatoes. Alberta Darling threw candy at me, now watching Gremlins. Good day.
Will Ferrell is on SNL? I'm in
Glad you came! I'll email you the picture I took for you
That's what I was thinking. CoD is so overdone, they can't even come up with decent trailer music.
Touching up an old pilot script in the hopes of pitching it in a big meeting.
Send your attendees a Slideshare tag in a email so they can access the slide decks of presenters at the trade show.
It's lax season!!! The tigers will be back to practice starting Monday!
Someone broke into Scott's car last night, his only response was "they dumb, they didn't even take my stamps"
- funny how Clips is now a matchup NBA fans want 2 c
Hella glow sticks, coloring book and crayons. Perfume balloons and more all from you make my life! <3
#HappyMothersDay to all.
RT : I have a museum story. Check it out at my travel diary www.travelsoklahoma.blogspot.com. I still don't believe it!
I don't want shit to do with you , get out of my life.
dance is gonna rock!
we is a
We mock that which we do not understand.
People want you to follow them, but they don't follow back! What's up with that!
greedy and when they get citizenship it is the best day of their lives. Good citizens parents spouses. Loyal hard working.
You can love them, forgive them, want good things for them ... but still move on without them
There is that :-) Love it! RT not sure why it feels good, but it sure does. I blame it on the warm milky flavour:)
What a beautiful day in the District - I hope everyone had a great Cinco de Mayo!
Contact me when you like to come by (305) 846-1251
"PARENT: "We need to talk. " ME: *Million things run through my mind. What did they find out about!?* PARENT: "Stop leaving the lights on.""
is that where the drugs kicked in??
i know some people said they are having issue with the casting site... please give us 24 to 48 hours and we will have it fixed... thanks :D
... then what hope do we have to find a better alternative fuel source?
great to meet you too, Yola! Hope your projects are going well. I'll DM or email you that podcast info later today.
Hello from detroit, to all my friends in san diego, I wish you all nothing, but the best. H.Q. Founder
I'm thinking chicken and waffles.
why is the no.11 mid afternoon northbound bus ALWAYS late? Or a no show?
Happy Monday!!! Hope your week is off to a great start!
RT : Inspirational start to #nggs11 by Young gov leaders are here because we matter!
Better shows are when we have our friends there! See ya soon.
failure + fear of failure = approved failure
Don't get weary in your waiting on God. Your in the process of waiting because God is preparing you for your season!!
Very nice!
Thanks for daring to follow the ~
is glam time with the ladies or "Pretty Little Liars"
LOL so true
My love for you has no (38th) parallel.
man I hope the ravens wear their all black uniforms on Sunday!
He be texting you but she in love with her.
got a kitchen full of groceries! feels good! :)
Even if the odds are stacked against you, never second guess your passion.
Thank you for 35 years of great coverage! I really miss the legendary #ChickHearn's voice! #GoLakers!
Pawn Lowe's seem oz
Sound off for Thursday, May 3, 2012 - Columbus Ledger-Enquirer
glad to hear it dude, happy to help.
I think the animal I relate the most to is the Fainting Goat.
140 trees cry. RT : If a brand tweets in the woods ...
And drake ... I cried and screamed when he came on, HE IS SO SEXY. does anyone agree?
But I love them all. That's my family ;)
in a tipi . . Burning Man?
TIA. THE SKY. UH
I could tell. I gotcha tho, I gotcha.
Glen looks like he's come in fancy dress as 'Sheldon Cooper at a Star Trek convention'.
Spent over 100K on tickets for large group travel happening soon. Need customer service help on details. Please contact me.
Getting my back deck done just in time for beer bq season #☀
I will be doing a brief interview this evening on Eau Claire's Channel 13 5pm news if anyone in the area wants to check it out.
RT if you have always wanted to say "NICE TITS"
A.U.P SIDEWALK SALE TODAY!!! COME AND CATCH A GREAT DEAL ON SHOES CLOTHES AND DECKS!!!!!!!! DONT MISS THIS
If loving Austin Mahone was a crime, 671k+ girls would be in jail.
Haha it did work out for me. For the girls tho......(smh)
Wavii (for iPhone) (beta)
If it's for Quig's class I'll take it
what are you in the mood for?
haha now I gotta see the expendables 2
I'll let my tips suffer for a witty remark. "Here's that coffee, and it only took 3 hours instead of 4."
I think I speak for the majority of mute people when I don't say anything at all.
Think I'm gonna start rockin pb&j's in the a.m. now....bring it back to 5th grade to start the day and get the brain flowing
Will do :)
wow I left my contacts in the pocket of my shorts and it went in the washer and the dryer
Morning Rockstars! > We are still masters of our fate. We are still captains of our souls. - Winston Churchill
Rondo the regulator
Travis Pastrana is driving NASCAR?! That dude can do everything that involves wheels.
Thank you Melissa - another great recipe.
I wanna be single ; /
thanks! Looking forward to a great game!
every time you tweet I see your picture and I think it's Rene for two seconds. I thought Rene had a man crush. :0)
u all r very big fools.. N dnt call me ever again... Stupid girls..
Once u get up turn that frown upside down and get that hair together.... Give me a ring a holler or a hoot.lol -
It's been 70 degrees all week and today it's going to be 45. I hate Colorado's bi polar weather.
Why the Super Mario Movie Sucked
Why do Distributors have an after hours extension? If you can't get your order by 5pm, it must not be that important. Go pick it up.
I can write you a hit song just give me a shot ....
#wiad Jorge arango keynote IA is about helping people find what they r looking for and making sense of it when they do
If you want people to collaborate with you, give them a variety of ways to self-select how to collaborate.
Slide to da side u little Peasants! Lmmfao
thanks for the shoutout!
Called my first cab all by myself!
Chinese food and cudding what could be better =)
are you trying to make me cry?
The way I use twitter now: read stuff & retweet. That's it.
If your avi pic is blurry as fuck when I enlarge it don't tweet me. Get your ass a damn decent camera!
im doing homework but its so boring so i got on twitter :)
Mann who still jerk???
Aoki is A OK.
wait let me tell you more about my dream. i was sitting on the side of a crowded street, at a table, under a lamp, tryna roll one.
did you get diagnosed with a dairy allergy?
Go get some, yo!! RT : I want sex
wow sounds like fun. Glad ur having a good time
I LOVE YOU TOO.
The left side of my sternum is in pain
bacon's trending again To Kill A Mockingbacon
I've used SuperSaas for that kind of stuff. Works great.
They didn't the game but I'm sure they are winning over the critics with each game.
listen to me next time so i dont have to fight you for the swords ! You and richard have made my list .... (: jk
Simpsons: Are You Glad To Know Where Springfield Is?
I do not mean to pry, but you don't by any chance happen to have six fingers on your right hand and thus the MVP talents?
which would be me
THEYRE THE WORST!!!
Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock ~
Thanks for the RT, lady :)
Check out : infatuationclothing.com
thank you for following back. You are so talented and pretty. We have to hang out soon. :)
we love you.
Have you made rezzies for the Porcine Feast This Tuesday? What else do you have to do on a Tuesday???
Today's temperature: hell
I think they are looking for volunteers to be zombies!
If you need easy extra money, I highly suggest you read this article!
its almost a year since we met,U mean alot to me & your always in my mind 24/7 imy! specially ur kisses :)
we on the same tip wit music fa sho
In the end, I will remember not the words of my enemies. BUT THE SILENCE OF MY FRIENDS.
lol thanks bro!
ahahah i swear! ask your sister!
I feel you fam! Do you have a myspace page?
Austin Your My Inspiration, Austin ILY! Austin Are you reading this, If so RT this and Follow,Would mean lots to me. #YEE <3
Happy Birthday!
thats the truth truth.
I'm back with Photo Mondays. Kickin' it off with fun!
so called bff talking trips w/bff, suddenly it's not me. How's it not to hurt?
Yay RW! Boo Reggae. ;) I'll be at the Brewers game.
#whatishappiness? Seriously. This isn't spam. Just want an opinion.
Today in Literary History: American writer John O'Hara was born in Pottsville, PA in 1905.
Do you think that whoever wins tonight's Mega Millions will think 'I wished I would have Megaplied that?' Or not so much.
Sometimes the replies are pretty funny — especially when the sender doesn't realize that their message is going to multiple people.
Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max "The Body"
That's why he moved on from you. Honey, tweeting about him isn't getting you anywhere. Just stop and move on like him.
luve me sum vegas!! Good luckers!!
Coffee and a meeting. You in ?
You guys were so awesome!!!!!!
is a genius. There it is. Just got got amazing design work sent our way from him. Can't wait to share with public (be patient).
of course! I like flights like that too. Thanks guys!
Just got retweeted by
watching prom wars!! :)
Ok so ill shampoo n u detangle 4 me. Thanks. ~ek
Keep trying we have a lot. Don't get to mad. We love you for listening!
that guy is really stupid. Js
sad you didn't hit me up for some of that chinese! :(
Well that took less time than I thought it would.
I DEFINITELY agree lol
Missing college today...musical theatre and beer. And oh yeah the best friends ever.
one thing 4 sure there wont be no lip syncin live for sure!
Would've made more sense if tied to the Cat Tax. ;)
So I finally have setup again. At home, don't want to do it at work. I have missed you. And I have a nice wide screen for you.
and we ain't did nothin that we aint suppose to doo
Hate stuck up people
Was quite impressed with the #Train rendition of Zep's Ramble On at tonight's #Ford event.
what's up ?
you need to make pizza with eggplant! It's wonderful! I just use that and tomatoes with a tiny bit of sauce.
<3 baby you light up my world like nobody else <3
In four years of living very close to it, I have never been to Buford Middle School. Now I am blissfully awaiting the moment I can leave it.
I'm not focused on this homework at all
I'm going to be recording this Tuesday night, but I'm free otherwise.
My puppy is a ninja.
Proud auntie moment... Kenneth just read found the picture of ball in one of his books points to it and said 'ball'
Bass, Drums, Trumpet and a vocal processor... It's Mike Kaupa's Trio madness
Can you join us on Monday? DM me for more details.
Awesome photo, Mike! Cannot wait to see you and the crew at Pensacola Beach! Toes in the water, fanny in the sand.
have to sing..
your singing always makes my day. much love =)
#TruthIs Rihanna and Drake should just make an entire album together.
When I grow up I want to be June Cleaver
You know some of those "big things" we keep talking about? You should follow and wait to hear what they'll be ;)
The most EFFECTIVE+EFFICIENT way to produce is to work intensively 4 70-90 minutes & then take a REJUVENATION break. Rinse & repeat.
Sometimes I wanna confess my love for on twitter but I kno I'm jus another.. so I dont
You ready for May 20th??
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. Martin Luther King, Jr.
It's ab to start guys!!!
I'm so jealous. Australia really seems to be awesome
Doesn't look good for the Tebowites.
tell it!
#YouKnowICareWhen when I spend my last few dollars on you.
Appreciate it! As I've always said, "When life throws ya lemonade, best drink that shit and pivot!" Actually, that was ;)
CSE 321, Physics 112, and Discrete Math. This is a gonna be a fun quarter!
Second day of the new year and still haven't finished writing my resolutions... maybe that should be my first one!
Officially off to hunt for a new apartment, maybe we'll get lucky and find one today!
I would just like to report, that from all the years i have been a liar, not once have my pants caught on fire..
I kinda want a Mini Cooper!!
Damn this bands amazing!
"It's Hard 2 Let Go Of The Past, When It's Holding Sum Of d Best Memories"
Just saw a clip of the show while hard at work and had to say looked beautiful in that dress. Loved it!
Buffalo airport is boring
"I love it when the light hits these stones. They come alive with color. Thanks" - Izea from Tampa, Florida
Vance Middle School in Bristol is in the WCQR School Prayer Zone. Pray today for all the teachers, students, staff and families!
Getting ready for and spycraft session. Sitting in the room with all the other justifiably paranoid investigative report ...
I wish the weird girl that sits next to me in class would stop staring at me
So excited for you! Congrats! Butterflies? Nah. You're so ready to greet the world.
I am blessed.
tell Lohan her hair is too blonde...p.s. love the hashtag game!
looking for a job? I can ask and see if there's any
morning! Well, afternoon! Follow me please?! Lots of love
i always follow all my followers back so if u follow me ill definately follow u bck!!!
Do u like #beer? Would u like to see a #sitcom about #homebrewing? Well, you're in luck b/c it's coming soon from
Like the trainer said
That tornado was the shit.. Praying for all the people that are about to have the imapct.. <33
@ The United Nations "Messengers of Peace" Conference with Stevie Wonder and Michael Douglas
Happy St. Patty's Day!
KRSN reporting Sam's Club pulling fireworks as well.
I legit have awful service here... :( but I have gotten some calls through but you haven't picked up!
To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are. Tim Menchen
REM has been gone for a long long time. In fact I thought they broke up pre-2000.
Feeling like crap, think I have a cold, sore throat and feel exhausted!
now is mad at me because I ate all the ice cream. Ugh eating problems causing relationship problems.
Thanks sweety & I most Humbly accept that from you! I think I did a very good job of listening & learning over the years!😊
AH!! can't wait til tomorrow!!!!!! going to brenham!
Real time #transpo data tell me why! And use my trip patterns. Scraper wiki.
indians scattered on dawn's highway bleeding. ghosts crowd the young child's fragile eggshell mind.
If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true were really true, there would be little hope of advance. - Orville Wright
#HurricaneIrene Projected to make landfall by 2pm Saturday as Category 3 Hurricane
B careful.
I love my Mondays... Hate having to go to school tuesday -_-
New products in town! Helping people to better health and wealth!
- loved the article. Totally agree with you. I believe US is the leader in the world market of craft beer producers.
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed!
the behind the scenes math that does :)
Yum, #CincodeMayo dinner=creamy kale, chicken & poblano tacos w/ side of black bean quinoa w/sunflower seeds&glass of wine!
a game tester so you need to be aware of this
Molly sent...another Molly!
Two Days till shooting in Cyprus.
I like turtles but I love cats
Making homemade potato soup m
ok I'll help you lol
TR Garland, winner of Bob Burg’s prestigious “Go-Giver Award” is our guest today. Networking questions? He's got the answers! Join us!
Wasting this beautiful day at work </3
Some people just won or lost a ton of $
Going to tonight for my birthday! I repeat: going to tonight! Cannot wait.
Temple will be closed starting Dec. 24th and will reopen on Jan. 4th. Happy holidays!
Good morning tweeps! Happy Fryday! I think I'm going to have a Sausage McMuffin w/ Egg this morning, yumm! What are you having?
I agree, thanks for the comment
Do they franchise or take investors? I want some of that action.
Ill be making canolis in your honor at my #rhonj viewing party!!!
Last night I watched a very dark Channel 4 trilogy #Red Riding 1974. It was very engaging.
hope you and Claire have a snuggly afyernoo
Happy to have and Ionut in the zipongo office this week to help with some exciting product changes!
and the tub is prob annoyed cuz of that dirt ring u gonna leave!!😂😂
Just tapped Dogfish Head Aprihop IPA.
HAVING MONEY IS A GOOD FEELING!!!
lol same here :)
hey now!!! I can't wait for both!!! That's gone be HOTT!! Eventho both shoulda had both already LOL
Accidentally stepped on the cat. He didn't seem to mind.
TEENS! TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN S.A! GONNA BE CRAZY!!!
la californie :p
So I'm at the subway station on Raymond and broad waiting to see the director of the Batman movie
get to see this boy tomorrow, it'll be a first !
Anne Tyler~ Ive never quite believed that one chance is all I get.
Thank you everyone who came out to the NY show last night! So much fun to be so close to Staten Island!
Gmail down for 10 min. This is the end, people! The cloud is a lie! Technology is a false god! I'm heading for the woods!
I know. It's crazy. That quote by Scott Turrow about how dangerous it is for Hathi Trust to have the books on their servers... ugh!
For those of you are looking for Holiday cards, I just posted a new one on my artfire shop!
Peter is considering taking a walk around Greenlake today or maybe Sunday. Any takers?
I take it everything back.
Currently writing for Recruiting for Good
I like a guy who puts a little work into his look. Someone who has a sense of style and energy.
Reminder that the post conference social will be held at McSorley’s Old Ale House on 15 east 7th street.
The first 4 to follow my other account I'll follow back! Please follow <3
I'm exhausted. I sure wish I could have a relaxing day at work
Meant to hit you back. Done.
Omg I'm sorry !!!! I have to bring the gas guzzaler and mrs werenette put me on the freakin spot ! -_-
Am I the only person in #ABQ NOT doing tomorrow? As a consolation, I guess I can go splash around in the Rio Grande.
Morn fam!! Be blessed today!! RT : good morning to you have a great day
they also have bubble hockey. we should hit it up soon.
I'm done but i have one next period
I love U my dear! xoxo
That awkward moment when #Gotye looks and sounds EXACTLY like Chris Isaak circa 1990 and I'm the only one who sees it.
you think it's big pun huh? lol
Such beautiful light out right now. Love the fall and the long shadows.
PP giving #Celtics version of Jack promotion is better than Donnie Walhberg. At least he's not dabbing JT court side #Kobe'd
hello yourself
I think that I want to find out the monetary/mathematics behind penny websites.
Fitness Tip: Into those Golden Years - An Associated Press survey found that more than 60 percent of Americans don't want to live to 100...
If I ever feel better, remind me to spend some good time with you.
that was a quick trip! I am good. :)
hey!..I just messaged you..unfortunately it did not :(
theses subs from walmart tho>
Mouse, Red Ripe Strawberry & Big Hungry Bear. Amos & Boris.Sylvester & Magic Pebble.Somebody Loves You Mr. Hatch.Tacky the Penguin
Once again its just to good to be true... :/ well... Okay.
... Do it! give us your first tweet!
“Everything evens up, you just wait, Even a garbage can gets a steak, You ain’t even a garbage can, you have faith!”- Jay Z
Cous cous, the food so nice they named it twice
Good reminder. When you put '@' sign right at the beginning of your tweet, it will only be "seen" by that 1 person.
haha all good homi, no worries. let me know what you think and feel free to be honest. cant get better if people bullshitin
#sister in town this weekend! Big plans!!
A big thank you to our sponsor for helping make this year's Seattle Twestival a reality
In my 50's.
hey can u follow ? It's me still, I made a new account cause this one is acting really funny.
U already know I'm ready Fam! :)
I wish I had the patience to wait until the season is over to watch in one sitting - it really is the best way.
I want an official RedRyder carbine action two hundred shot range model air rifle!(that's what my unborn boy wants for Christmas He told me)
breakfast, day 2.
The moon tonight is almost as neautiful as you are
Thanks for the #FF mention! Your inflating my ego by putting me in the same tweet as and
Amazing, right? A couple who Cheryl and I were talking to said, "Well, there goes a little, black dog." And sure enough!
First time we've been outside all day hehe
you first
Gotta love
Nice! He's a good guy to know. , aren't we getting a little cocky there, sir?! :) JK. You know more ppl than me.
that's what's up man! I like that broken arrow tee! I would buy one as a fan but I feel weird wearing a tee that's not mine. Lol
Just got a 50% off coupon for the Adidas employee store. Looking forward to going shopping this weekend!
NYC... And BIG
just be sure to thank Claudia for her inspiring management class.
HaPpI FATHERS DaY TO aLl WhO dEserve it I love YaLl Even ThOugh i GrEw Up WitHoUt oNe My MothEr IS a vErY StRong WoMen who Iz BoTh
That's probably the cutest thing I've ever heard. Your cats are expert models. :)
How many pieces of gum can chew?
check that. the horse is 12-1 now.
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years. - Deepak Chopra
RT : Mad love and respect to all the moms with cancer I've met here on Twitter. Including the ones no longer here.
I needa miracle to get me outta this one.
Watching Eat Pray Love with my best friend. This is a really good movie!
Rockin' the Rainbow with
I like it, but u can do more on FB. So have you defected from FB entirely?
1) Souls are delicious and must be consumed. 2) Meat is poison and must be avoided.
I don't let them. I love the game. It's fast. Constant movement. Excitement. It's worth it to me. :)
How is it only Tuesday? It feels like Thursday.
$6 #CherryBlossom Martinis and a specialty cherry tart at Buddha-Bar DC! Love being festive for the Cherry Blossoms!
COMING SOON: Daily tweets from the American Botanical Council!
I missed you! Did you miss me!? =)
enjoying the last day of the WHA Training Program in Mexico City
Don't give up 👌
Generally, top-fermenting - "ales" - are more complex with fruity characteristics; bottom-fermenting - "lagers" - have a cleaner finish.
Nice dinner with and friends. It'd been too long!
wish i had plans for tonight, but i have to serve tomorrow morning...
Same to you Max!
I'd like to nominate for my favorite knitting blogger.
bet sounds good. Ready when you are. Peace
my cat just fucked my shit up.
HIS LIPS ARE DRIPPING HONEY, BUT HE'LL STING YOU LIKE A BEE.
Until today I was home-schooled. But I won this election and life's changing for the better.
you are now the poet laureate of my auto-breaking heart
thanks for the shoutout! :)
Bus crashed on 3rd and Yesler. Be careful in those hills!
thx to i am now following every music/librarian/foodcart/writer feed in #ATX and beyond....gettin my Twitter on!
teach me how to dougie, teach me teach me how to dougieee.
La Quinta "cop": this is your first warning. : so we have two more?
guys, I think it's time to change your password.
Lol this girl is watching something on her computer and typing on her iPad.
My 800th tweet goes to ! LOVE YOU CHICKKYYY(:
Taking a day off from post today. Things are coming along.
My boy Burnett got it done. For the record, Burnett was my HRod last year, but has done a 180 in '12.
and the girl was like, "i love you austin." and austin was like, "i've always loved you." OMG ITS FUCKING ADORABLE OK.
Ommg!!! I'm going there later(:
Writing an album..no big deal
Back stage getting ready to graduate!!!
you're one ugly attention whore
BUDGET WEEK: Amd #178 by Republican Leader Jones eliminates prescription drug coverage from health care reform
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 8
haha you should have been there. :)
Wish we could- That sounds like a lot of fun!
“: "Really doe!" ( voice)” i had the brew she had the chronic...the lakers beat the supersonics. it was a good day.
LOL ... If close to a computer, I'll google the word to avoid embarrassing myself!
"I saw a girl wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it. I said, Thyroid problem?"
Can't sleep been trying for 2 hours
the video was amazing, oh and you like my user name ;) <21
But ppl still do RT : We have cell phones, laptops, and vehicles with built in GPS...there is no excuse for getting lost!
If you walk in on your parents in the act of making you a sibling I know that's
I don't like it when my Chunty is like this. :c
Gotta match mine. RT “: #Capricorn likes people with ambition.”
awww! where's the rainbows in this imagery!!!
Pollo Tres Chiles: grilled chicken breast topped with tangy bell pepper and jalapeno demi glaze!
Some respect has been lost.
Blackman has an immediate need for a Temporary Corporate Finance attorneys for one of our corporate clients. Please contact me for details.
Fried pickles = my favorite thing in life
I'm paranoid when it's late at night. Anyone else?
Action is the foundational key to all success
Stomach y u hurt
We love to see what our potential fanatics are up to! How was your weekend?
just got off work...
Your "journalsarticles" tab seems to be doing the trick.
lol, can't wait for another song to come out!(:<3
did that run at commerce?
oh i WISH i could have all of you together in a room, like a big'ol fam reunion lol
After 3, Century and Mayo tied at 3-all. Brown has thrown a lot of pitches. Guessing he won't go more than 5.
thanks! best wishes.
Thank you to all our supporters. Even to our haters, we love you.
Need new radio
Muh new #twitterbackground is so LEGIT. gotta love GUMMY BEARS <3
I'm a tweet u my video
Oh noww you're at home and he don't call, cause he don't adore ya 🎶 1D ❤❤
Hi Jessica, we'd love for you to stop by and say Hello! Booth
love you both!! Feliz back at ya
Daylight Saving Time is UNNATURAL I tell you.
How was Sunday's run?
Best opening: "this is not part of a larger work."
I am fondalo. The juggernaut keeps rolling.
SEE? It's good to meet us! #weloveattention RT : Good to meet you too!
im going the day before ,(hopefully)
When ur with som1 they need 2b proud of u when ur at high points in life n supportive when ur goin thru the low. but Always proud 2 b with u
what do the Giants need to make it to the playoffs?
I don't hold the Bible in the same way that you do, apparently.
Something sneaky is going on right now...
ok. I don't remember that show very much.
love you both! Jeremy come visit me!!
Just got up and still sleepy
his Saturday's Alverno Presents performances with the David Zambrano Soul Project has moved from Todd Wehr Auditorium to MSOE's Kern Center
use a cleanser that contaions glycolic acid or a .5 to 2% salicylic acid like Neutrogena oil-free acne wash.twice a day to unclog pores.
what you been up to ....
did Khloe & Lamar have a kid?
lol i was so confused. Thanks :) it was good. Good shit
Funny. That's exactly how I phrased my last request for a raise.
♥ Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(9)
White people can be so awkward sometimes.
Kenny Smith said should be most improved player this year totally agree with him #GoSpursGo!!
My dad asks me to stand on his back to crack it o.O ": When my dad asks me to scratch his back... OH DAD 😂"
i would call him Wolfe O_O
yes.. 51 is hard to forget... nightmare-like
I guess I'll have to give it another try. I have looked at it a couple times, but it didn't do anything for me
#SprintAfterShow #AskChristina This is a question for Can you please duet with again?! :)
#student Get Free Scholarship Money by Writing an Easy Scholarship Essay
Cheap Trick opens for Aerosmith at the Hollywood Bowl this summer. Is it 1978 again? (Also: Barry Manilow and Glenn Campbell!)
All about 4/20 marijuana holiday
Gratitude is born in hearts that take time to count up past mercies.
yeah, but ya can't beat watching an Olmsted documentary on the big screen IN an Olmsted park.
nospectacle DJ set for opening reception of Rust Belt to Artist Belt I conference. Tonight 6-9 pm.
Hanging with Jim Kuzmich at his office in Gilbert Az
: ya has had a good selection, glad to see they're targeting us #desi people!
WHY AM I ALWAYS SO FUCKING HUNGRY IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
More magic of Disney: bus pulls away just as I walk up. Driver smiles because, well, isn't that funny?
if it was up to me, I'd be living near
Their performance wasn't that bad tho! :D But it kinda makes me mad how the judges never point out their mistakes! -_-
Twitter, FB. LinkedIn chat now during "Optimizing social media - join the "click"" workshop
The reason why s.o. visits a museum drives what they do at the museum for that visit. #Aam2011 j. Falk
i think everyone should help trend #OhioWantsAustinMahone even if u dont live there. everyone deserves to meet him<3(:
I'm gonna get a tattoo of Calvin peeing on a tattoo artist tattooing an image of Calvin peeing on an image of Calvin peeing
Stay blessed my ninjaa.
I wish I could get a tweet form you :)
Tickets will be going on sale for both the Wizard of Oz and RENT productions on Monday go to www.questacting.com 2 buy ur seats r limited
WOAH! NO! This is my first tweet in two days! Pretty sure that's a record!
Same to you, Ksyn! :) RT : Happy Holidays to my agents/agency
DO YOU LIKE COOKIES? because everytime you freestyle on austream you mention them. MAKE A WHOLE FREESTYLE RAP ABOUT COOKIES :)
- MHP dress code for Black safety!!! I love it...Mauve or salmon!!!
- #May17th A Star Was Born ! <3™
Hell yeah! Thanks for hooking me up today, glad to have a UK exclusive. =)
What, there are cow pies on the swimming pool lifts? Don't make my day even longer!
I second that!!! RT: : is my guy... Follow this man!
Ayo, I just got my application. GET YOURS
Most niggas think they real now a days...lmao retarded ass nigga cant even spell REAL!
Bad Girls Club!!! 
Daily Muse: "Say what you think-Not what you think you should say!"
The final Harry Potter movie was so amazingly good, I forgot what they forgot to include.
Hi Mscayo... I know you sent me a shout out weeks ago... But, I just want to say thanks! I've been gone for a while...
#MedecoNexgenXT web programming allows for flexible system management
does Austin follow you
is class, gym, mix, class
Happy hour 3pm to 8pm. $2 Miller bottles, $3 TALL Rails and $5 TALL sweet carolina sweet tea cocktails. Perfect for the patio or A/C inside
I'm watching the Nats games. From the ABC-WJLA booth.
AMEN! RT : Seriously how does anyone sleep without a fan??...
Get ready for some garage rawk people. Rawkadeus is at garage bar Friday night 8PM before DJ Abyss dances your night away.
umm you wont see this but...i love you like theirs no tommorrow!
RT : #giants #Super Bowl
One of the most important food groups on the pyramid.... grilled cheese. Which is precisely why will be at fEASTival 2012!!
now you respond
PA Wont have him. We were glad to be done with him last time. He a misogynistic hateful pig. We already took out the trash.
tim tebow come to jets nation we need you on the team you could be the man i'n jets nation
Melancholy wells up my niny.
Restore us, O God, let your face shine, that we may be saved -Psalm 80
WARNING TO INVESTORS: It seems #ClearWire does NOT care about the $$$ you invested! Because they DON'T care about customers! ( #WiMax)
perhaps that not winning a SB was a bit drastic but I still contend that Wolfe was much more aggressive to get things done
Uh oh. You fall off the wagon?
Why waste so much time meditating on the lies of the flesh & enemy? Fix your focus on what GOD said about you! His words are truth and life!
I just wish NJ had a good team to play -_- I hate the playoff system right now
Global trend of supply rising likely means Int'l student cash cow days numbered for US
Dope remix homie!
So, in the #Avengers universe. why would you ever live in a densely populated area?
....i dont know but yours should anyway........yum ;)
and I are friends on Facebook... I feel special. :) <3
:] Can't wait till Christmas, Too bad Teeco can't come & I can't contact Divia, Kenya, and Adam. :c
ALEX HOW WAS YOUR DAY ?! :D
Random Fact: Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes. I will let u make ur own application. // That's it! Selling my donkey!.
RT : "If Excel is marijuana, then Access is heroin," Drugs for DataNerds? Matt Carroll, Boston Globe.
Have a great birthday!
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: "it's not all bad."
#3 - Randy Parraz - This week we will follow as he targets AZ & Sen. Russell Pearce for recall
I wish you would notice me in the millions of fans you have. Never say never
I am not aware of that literature.
oh my god D: this wall is covered with seriously like 100 moths D: #Mothocalypse P.L.U.R.<3
is this just one game? Guys playing for their spots on roster? Fantasy stats? ...and on a Sunday...
nothing much, just going to visit some of my family that are passing by here! you?
And then it got BETTER- Spotify just introduced me to the R.E.M. cover of Leonard Cohen's First We Take Manhattan
- you are probably right!
I'm buying big time into the "Nick Punto's a guy you want on your team" hype. So much so that I'm suggesting he pitches the 11th.
#nccetl librarians need to be curriculum leaders/modify learning activities to reflect changed info landscape
Yum!! Recipe?
not a damn thing watching finding nemo with MaJur wyd?
just heard a gun shot... unless it was a cannon. gotta love KC.
says: we need to take a fresh look at city government
congratulations! Do u fallow fans?
The AUC is the worse pageant I've seen on campus so far .....smdh
Almost killed my charger forgot that my phone is connected..
your team your High school your colors your pride @ www.varsityjackets09.com
Thanks for both those links on #futrchat. Pretty interesting. But is nipplesatthemet really a thing? Or just fun?
First time on the Newark lightrail.
Now that’s integrity. #politics #2012 RT Ron Paul Spokesman: Candidate Unlikely To Ever Endorse Romney
in what way was that advice? It was a comment, that's all. :). Sorry you took offense!
My mom compared just compared Tim to Edward Cullen. I don't think she knows what white people are.
How did I get your tweet. I don't follow you.
Equip your employees to be brand ambassadors. Training is key!
yea man that used to drive me insane
Stay tuned this afternoon for the TOP FIVE things everyone should know about Mifflin
yeah I'm fine, why?
I'm seriously tired of people stepping on me. I'm done being nice.
Here goes another morning of being pissed...
see you in a bit =) get ready for boot camp heh
you at the game? Ball count for me - 1
“ Who wants a dream that's near-fetched? ” Howard Schultz (1953 – ) American businessperson Chairman of Starbucks
yeah I'm down!
Getting ready to head out to for another #SportingKC victory.The smell of 3 points is in the air.
I think i know why...
Avengers this Saturday is a must
There is no point talking to someone who only knows the talking points of their ideologies without doing research on the facts
somebody bout to go metta world peace during this lexington Chester county game
My cousin birthday coming up !
woo babe way 2 be!!!
Joining us next:
I had the preview set to medium--thanks again.
#iwantMandyback ~ come on make it happen :)! hope U'r smiling today :)! take care :)
Don't encourage her! Unless she plans on sharing...
ha! i saw this!! she's so happy she cries...love it!
Life seems dull this morning after last night's concert.
Lamborghini Mercy Your chick she so thirsty
I wanna steal my professor's brain.
hm i wonder what was thinking when he made the song down to earth..hm
Sweet! How do I get started?
"How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains"-John Muir
Strange is the only way to describe my life right now
I just saw it. Yes, I want them. :)
Why u not come to Florida??!?!?!
Why do I always pick the slowest grocery line!? scan then bag. Repeat.
Great night and I see someone is still hating on me hahah it's kew the fire should die down soon
Good lord...
the VW's front seats are just as bad. Ima check out the Tesla and report back.
Oh u did? Sorry honey I turned off my phone around 3pm my time...to enjoy my ME time. DM me ur #
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED! SO PLEASE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!
What it do
And it was a whole lot of meat! :)
Correct, Sir! RT : Who cares to join me tonight at it's $1 burger night correct?
There ain't no deal worth that kind of wait on a cold November night. People are crazy!
i will now, that i know what it does. Thanks
RT Who is ready for the stage ? It's going down in 12 days!
:) I love you
I'm not arguing, I'm just putting people in their place
Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are" passed away this morning. Who remembers the first time they read this book?
#RadioWaves will be performing at Athens Park in Los Angeles tomorrow 8/25 at 7pm. Wear your t-shirts!! :)
Thanks to for listing in your Hire a Flyer Weekly Spotlight!
thank you, you're so sweet :)
Tell me what u want, what u really really want!!! RT : Two spice girls songs in a row... Really really???
ALBUM COMING FALL 2012...
Does he still have "Disco Friday" pregame music blasting in the clubhouse?
Damn, puppy all went to sleep on me.
we're heading out for a cocktail. Join us!
are you the real courtney
Last minute #EDC - sounds good to me - can always use a good excuse to have fun with good friends. Life isn't boring that's for sure
I am so excited about The New iPad
sounds like trouble, but I bet he is a dapper dresser too
Autumns spending the night . :)
ur reply was so late.. :)
oh yeahh yeah its friday!!!!
It is pretty dumb. I still don't get why people do this instead of Facebook status updates.
“: Lady at the airport told me I was cute and my big ol eyes made her upgrade my flight to Honolulu for free!" Well-played sir!!
He took me out for chinese and then we went to his house <3
Shots shots shots!
": you've struck out before. Thats an error." Everybody make fun of her
I'm thinking it's time for me to work on a play
It's crazy.
there are people in there working. Let's go bang on the doors
so he tweets a lot? it's not like he's actually affiliated with the University. he's some dude.
Huge DP Fan. I started way back when Dibbs and The Show Killer had a McNugget eating contest. 7 yrs ago?
well isn't that quite dope
afternoon Robert, congratulations on getting into the top 300
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need you...That ain't tryna love you baby just...instead.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Are you okay love??
interesting! Ill be at try outs.lol
Love watching Iron Man
Is it sad that I hope the same happens to me so I don't have to finish writing it?
Smells like opening day!
Save old grocery lists & recycle old meal plans.
women’s music functioned as “metonym for lesbian feminist values in terms of politics, identity, community, and music."
He has killed this team
Readyy to get this night started !!! <3
After finishing dinner, he says "son, can you play me a memory, I'm not really sure how it goes." Dad, we're at Applebee's.
You can't catch me or I already would have done it.
Cool Peter, looks like I'm retiring in about a month. Can you get me a job in the movies, perhaps shoveling skitter poop? JK
DcAssault 15s,16s,17s will be at full strength this weekend at Big Shots Tourney at run
Firehook is a great place to enjoy lunch! We have a variety of gourmet food and drink items to complement our breads which are made daily.
Lmao Walnut B Just found Out How Niggas From The Meadows Get Down!!
Damn I wish I was there!!
So y does this bird run away from a car instead of jus flying way??
I'm too lazy to take this shit downstairs
On a separate note, I feel it is going to be a long season for our
RT: : Electric cars create less pollution than gasoline-powered #cars, #ecofriendly alternative!
It is National Arts Education Week! Come say hello today at the Tenderloin Community school at the Arts Education Resource Fair!
I'm about 90% sure I'll use Microsoft Office less than 10% the rest of my life when it comes to personal needs. Loving iWorks!
I wish I could give a specific date, still working with one arm and leg.. I'll try to make it a day you're there though.
#NP - Baptism By Fire
I work for the University of Oregon!
Didn't no one area on the ACT could drop my score so drastically!
About to go see The Hunger Games in downtown Abq
Call to a cocktail conversation!! What do you consider to be a #classic #cocktail???? Or even your favorite #cocktail???
Good! Do they sedate kiddos 4 MRIs? Will keep my fingers crossed 4 Friday!!!
I'd love to try the Baudelaire iO. Is there any place I can get it in the Chicago area?
Did you make it home? Hope you had a good trip! Thanks again for coming to #MNEarthDay!
I am thinking about getting a Honda CR-V LX Automatic for a new car!
Leaving the Fogo. I'm so full, the wrong smell right now will make me vomit.
I'm Sleepy
May 19th opening RT : Had a good meeting today with some of my peeps, lots of excitement ahead in 2012!
Peter Galison, Professor at Harvard, on the Collective Author and attribution
(Mike Curtis was) ...a purist - totally dedicated to football and to winning... Bill Curry former Center, Baltimore Colts
I wonder if the Queen of #bubbletea has #tapioca #pears on her crown
thought I had to poop. all I did was fart in the toilet.
I really wanna go to Los Angeles..!
Rude people suck! How dare this guy curse at me & hang up on me when i'm trying to help him. Well i'm done now passed it on to Bossman! :)
#Oregon's neon yellow/green socks look like 80's leg warmers...having #FlashDance movie flashbacks.
I don't know what hn is but I will drive the crap out of it.
By popular demand a few VIP reserved tables with champagne (or other drinks) are available at the Hilton Concord New Years Eve Party.
Another night on the town with Rebecca at a hockey game after dinner at in Market Square. We won the game in OT!
Marlins need a closer (my fantasy teams hate you, Heath Bell!)...think they'd give us Reyes for K-Rod?
Global resolution: cure public buttcrack.
watching a hilarious one-sided argument on twitter where only one person is tweeting angrily and the other not responding
Oh ok
just finished 3 hours of rehearsing for my shows in may. my neighbors must be real sick of this music by now.
*head explodes*
#Contest coming soon.... Stay tuned!
Man, what a day. Now I'm gonna sink my jaws back down into The Raw Shark Texts - an addictive read!
Haley Reinhart's Hometown Supporters Thought She'd Make 'American Idol' Finale
drugs... But they got them.
Seeking to forget makes exile all the longer the secret of redemption lies in remembrance.
How r u not following this guy already? RT Can a brother get one more follower to make an even 500. Or am I asking for to much?
Goodnight Everyone!
Only One Thing To Say: Goodbye, Sophomore Year, Hello Summer 2012! (:
thanks for the follow..i hope im not in trouble!
I wish that would notice me someday even tho i doubt it will happen...but #neversaynever :) !
Y'all do realize its already a Wiz Khalifa right so why y'all trynna mimic that man jokers
Today is #NationalTequilaDay! Celebrate in moderation and only with the good stuff!
I'm glad the the #SCNotTop10 is on youtube so I have something to entertain me during this class
I have to get up in 4 hours fml
Be sure to check out Act Nat's own Rob Roy Fitzgerald @ 10pm this Thurs, Nov 3rd when he appears on NBC's great new series "Prime Suspect"!
I could do that, especially if you meet me at ! What do you think?
it's too early to say such things...
I have tons of recipes and advice. I'm going to start blogging more about my experiments, too.
I want to go to your church!
HANNAH! OH MY GOSH...that's the worse place too ): put some aloe on that asap
Great gig tonight with the B3 and the Burly Q Band! What a fun time!
ABSOLUTELY! RT : We need to teach students that artifacts are more than illustrations for text.
So happy that I "found" some great photos of my great-grandfather, but I didn't find them. My grandmother saved them for me. <3 grandmas!
Follow back
Sore Throat? Flu? Gargle w/ CloSYS 4 times dailly. Soak toothbrush in CloSYS each night. Kills the strep & germs! www.closys.com/flu.html
Welcome to Denver! Loved/Hated watching you at SDSU (I'm a Lobo fan) but couldn't be more excited to have you as a Bronco!
hope he will reply to you. :)
It's so beautiful in Boston!
How many peppers in a peck of pickled peppers?
Gaaahh. This weekend is gonna be loud. Can't fucking wait till 3:15 tomorrow
we will have the menus out soon. What I've heard so far from the chefs sounds amazing!
the book on zero is amazing
3am and I'm...still...eagerly digging through statements/receipts in search of deductions. Damn you self-employment tax, you're crushing me.
yeah, you should check out their new cd, good stuff.
Hey! not much! hbu?
Wow first call today - phones could be getting better. We are lucky we have jocks on live except middays and late nights.
Getting my omega 3's Anchovies and Olives
lol dude nice new vid!and thanks so much for thaat shoutout!!!!means a lot!
would never do that ha things are very well, thank you! when are you making your way down to socal? how are things with you?
When Mitt Romney speaks with his left hand in his pocket, he's probably not being completely honest. Or, he's itchy.
All it took was the Governor and State Attorney getting involved to solve TWC/MSG dispute
let's go
MY PRAYERS ARE WITH YOU...
just said "what's the downside of taxing?" You can't make this stuff up.
uhm lets you're BEAUTIFUL! so shut up. Please 
aw do you remember moes by whitney young back in the day?
Did everyone have a nice weekend? Have new audio coming tomorrow for the podcast, so please keep us in your sight! Thanks :-)
What's your favorite house track right now?
so Stoney's closed tonight and the party is at Revolver!!! Maybe every Wed!!!
just for fun, let's pretend it was scott
i love ur new twitter name xD
yes!! Special for Valentines Day. I hit the day after sales and grabbed em up.
Everytime UK has ball it seems they are trying to top whatever highlight dunk they did the play before
Yeah we're striving but what are we really reaching for?
When do want it
Congrats for a top 5 finish in the car tonight!
Are you alone this Christmas? Girl, treat yourself. Dinner and a movie. Then drive the neighborhood gawking at Christmas lights. Luv ya!
Carah had let me listen to WMYB in Language Arts today and she shut off the computer I was ticked omg
Had a stomach virus..feeling a lot better..Thank you lord..
eww you piss close to somebody. Ewe yuck did you smell like piss ?
Late lunch at
c'mon! he says it was unintentional. If that's unintentional, imagine what he would've done if he meant it!!!
-good to see you last week - sorry we didn't get more time to talk!
sorry Marcus :( I know you're disappointed but it is what it is.
Congrats on the Big win tonight and knocking in the game winning RBI!!
It's a little more vague: "is a person enrolled and in actual attendance at an institution of higher education."
well isn't that what twitter is for? PS come visit us!
Was hoping to meet you on the boat. Too much fun and too much chaos. Thanks for the follow.
yeah you should come to America :)
These idiots so shook to grab the last slice of pizza when boss orpingtons in the room. They looking skinny too smh.
Also, someone needs to develop a sports bra for men. The PGA Tour would be on that immediately
Rest in Piece, Dick Clark. Thank you for all the memories :)
So we are going to make a video tonight!
at voices for children gala 2012 at Mandrian Oriental
We are looking forward to seeing you in August, Oliver! Where else will you be visiting during your big trip?
while I appreciate the superlatives, everyone knows I would never lose to either of you in ping pong. Come on now
I'm like so bored
oh yeah I remember now! Lol
“: Waiting for #civilunions bill to be intro'd & assigned to cmte which may determine its fate today #coleg #specialsession”
Come join us.
dont take me serious.
I'll Try!
My first stage kiss was with my friend Jenny. We were laughing so hard I bit her lip and she bled everywhere.
Morning run was awesome! Feeling incredible! So happy I made myself do it this morning.
Haha yeah!! & January 12th at the UCF arena in Orlando...... SKILLET!! I can never get enough of them :P
my wife and I are recreating the time magazine cover for my moms mothers day card ...hope she likes it
Congrats 2 Jay C. from D.C. for winning the millionth shot of ass juice
What is the most generous thing you can do today which involves giving without money being involved? Generosity attracts love energy.
Prob when ran through the room shakin like a mad man! We liked 's animal-like shake too!
On my way to see for the 3rd time in 3 months!
I didn't know that jazz studies was even offered as a major, that's neat! Is he almost done with school?
Sick of the #pennstate / #sandusky efforts to spin and cover their butts. Let's find out what really happened, do what's right, and move on
great meeting you tonight. Finally home in SB.
whats your gamertag for xbox bud ? :)
Vanelis speedy recovery babe, much love !
I Love Beachbody! (Just putting it out there, Lol) :-)
video shoot on sat in beverly hills wanna come?
Tickets are just $10 for internationally known aviation photographer Jay Miller @ the balloon museum on sat. 3/3 @ 2pm.
looks like your naked in that pic from last night from Behind loll! Feel it in my bones playing on south beach now:))
I am sounds great!!!!
Participate in the culture and medium you are designing for.
*Sleeping* im tired...
Learning all about F&B in fair school! Making & proud!
if I were famous I would do golden nuggets adverts for FREE they're that good
So bored -___-
thanks for the shoutout!
Prepping for TechForum Chicago and two panels I'm moderating.
I don't sing because I'm happy; I'm happy because I sing. ~William James
thanks Kat! It was good to be home when that call came in :)
hayy vinny :D you should have a dance class in DC <3.
I just landed in LA and I'm staying right next to Would love to grab drinks sometime this week if you're not too busy.
Things happen. I don't subscribe to -it's for the best, or there's a reason. I'm stoically accepting it and not asking why's.
oh crap I forgot xD and yes I have to get online to get em so then i'll make it c:
Tuning and polishing controls. Otherwise there's always something I didn't do on one project or another.
damn im high
I think I'm going to tackle Kamen Rider Black, out of the OG ones he seems the coolest.
“: in the time it took me to write 2 songs today, the Super Bass video got over 5,000 plays. boom to boom "loved it!!!"
that's what I'd end up doing haha
Yeah sorry I realized that right after I sent it!
Please DM me if anyone has an extra ticket to
Straight up I hate Casey Veggies and always will .
Change Positions.
So to appease all #trek #bodyofproof fans... I did say 'rarely'... in that tweet about the brain removal... I AM a #trek fan! ;)
holler at me if y'all scout out the competition. I might watch too.
ill do it. Youll never do it lol
I do love going home to visit and then leaving... Cleveland will always be home.
I still haven't heard from them, when should I expect a call or email reply?
JR SMITH!!
get better soon kiki
TGIF! WOW! is still in the running for winning #AmericanIdol! Chula Vista is bursting at the seams w/excitement!
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
exciting week of news ahead: rare peak into what the world's governments already know about each other
At my cousin's graduation party in san Jose I was forced to dance but at least it was to baby:)
I just went hardcore creeping
ALL DJ'S THAT WANNA MAKE THIS MONEY AND MAKE A KILLING OUTSIDE OF CLUBS AND TRAVEL THE WORLD AND BE MARKETED, CONTACT ME. WE WANNA SIT DOWN
I'm a double agent. Corporate law office stooge by day, epic adventurer by night.
Go Ducks!
Mark Twain cautioned, "Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make...
Having a panic attack rn
I wish more #famous or #rich people would have the guts to be arrested like #georgeclooney to fight for human rights, especially children
$150K in cash prizes! RT : announces that Ocular Imaging Challenge is open for innovation
No dead truck battery today. This is an improvement.
Come on man, you didn't jam out to Sammy? Regal. Car Sales. And Credit. We got it :P
Damn it, I've just had another brilliant idea.
I will never let my son play organized football.
#BREAKINGNEWS: Not confirmed, student live on FOX 12 says Woodburn High School fire started by students lighting hand sanitizers on fire.
im sorry about that, if I would have noticed it I would have said something. But I'm glad we are good.
In for the night Yee Yee
Woohoo the Party is starting!
my wife loves her 11" MBA, it's too small for my eyes, though. I'm waiting to replace 6.5-yo laptop with next-gen 13 or 15" MBA
please come to San Antonio soon.❤
Shoutouts 2 ALL my followers new & old....at work grinding it out!
They're really fun, but I realize it's not healthy to enjoy doing that kind of damage to one's body.
I Know I'm Random =)
EP is coming along really well. Props to him
Follow These Tips To Become Successful At Online Marketing ...
but you see how the "thoughts?" prompt totally worked just now?
RT Hey, #Philly! Remember the #Aquarium at the Water Works? Join us Wed, Sept 21, 5:30pm for a look back!
Feeding grandkids and at the same time leaning dialogue and new songs.
I was watching Pulp Fiction and I couldn't recognize Samuel L. Jackson so I covered his left eye with my hand the entire time.
Five days of travel. Thanking God for a break from that combat zone.
Wish my neighbor would shut her 🐶up
Ha sure x)
Thinking that immigration reform all starts with closing our southern border. But who has the cojones to do it?
oh ok
Looks like April is bringing about lots of changes... New neighborhood, new studio apt.. Next new job...??!!! :-)
SON! That KISS >>>
This weekend at Cinematheque: Role Models Thurs-Sat at 7 PM (and a special matinee Sun at 2), and Rachel Getting Married Thurs-Sat at 10 PM
Decide carefully, exactly what you want in life, then work like mad to make sure you get it! - Hector Crawford
"why are you screaming?" ..."there's a big..spider in the bathroom." oh my goodness
a glass of wine and project runway. life is good. ;)
The world can't hold me, too much ambition.
How is your hairline ashy?
Great, you? RT HEY HEY HEEEEYYYYY how are you??
what's in the morning?
trying to just trim a video is like not getting a virus on microsoft windows, impossible.
Just made red velvet pancakes with mix from the griddle. Not bad, but rather go there for them. #pancake pleasures
don't put that evil on me Ricky Bobby
you're an interesting group. Some healthy skepticism. Let's see where this goes ...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ! We Love You <3 How Was Your Day ? Please Follow Me !?
Monday morning BAY AREA RETAIL ASSAULT...
Who has gotten their bellybutton pierced before?
Please un block me... :):):) I would like to be friends again...
so much for a cards yanks series
I think should either hire myself or to be his next caddy
o now that's a blessing lol
Ha i know! Now he's acting all pathetic cause he finally found me :p
That is an awesome goal! I'm impressed.
a delicious option for salad dressing and cooking! Yum!
Robert Harris (author of Ghost about Blair) shows parallels between the Rome of Cicero and the modern day in his "Imperium," a good read.
Need a roommate who can keep up their half of the bills foreal. Gotta get outta this house.
6 THINGS WE SAY IN SCHOOL: 1. I'm tired. 2. I'm cold. 3. I don't get it. 4. I'm hungry. 5. What time is it? 6. I want to go home.
My mom gets mad do easily and most of the time for no reason -_-
we can hope so there seems to be a lot of resistance though
Next Saturday night is the end of Daylight Savings Time. Set your clocks back one hour + also check your smoke detector batteries!
I got All-stars for Christmas. Love the commentary! Ordering amazon tonight from amazon.
. now speaking.
- I always record music, but only get to do string sessions every once in a while. A lot of work, but a total blast!
Ready to relax
thank you! You have a great day too.
Did I forget to mention that Mad Men is perfect....
Wish my day could've gone better •.•t
“: what a bitch lmfao”
11 for me
looking forward to it!
yep Peeta would have looked better init. I think we will see some GReen and gold next week in the freestyle next week
ya could have that 3rd quater but we gettin the game lets get it
just chilling in bed
An Interest is when you act when its convenient. Commitment is accepting no excuses, only results.
I would love to talk to you more about your program!!! I think it sounds wonderful. please email me at
yes it was so good!
Phil , nice informative video , thanks for sharing
what word? "Ruddy"? It should only be used to describe boy skin!
. you may continue with your #MothersDay celebration// Thx. I've got 4 kids. I'm thinking I deserve at least 1 day per kid.
u ready for tonight? u know the twitter world gone be hatin on Mamba!!!!
he must mean football
Good morning to our newest followers:
why the fuck is there advertisements everywhere
I found one buyer at .68, guess I'm looking for something higher than that.
The world will be a much darker place without You will be missed by all who knew you, Valerie. Rest in peace. :'(
no you're not I think they're great!
i love your music
everyone is trying to depend of science..just like now the married lez couple are using the brothers sperm to get prego
Nhl New puppy Gear for Small to medium sized Canine ...
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: The eternal glory of the State and our beloved Chairman Chris Othic! All Hail Chris Othic.
February 1st and it's 69 degrees out?!?
Arnie Gundersen,Chief Engineer Fairewinds,explains why San Onofre’s four defective replacement steam generators cannot safelyB repaired,
At Walmart looking like a hot mess.
Love is the only kind of fire which is never covered by insurance.
Same clothes as yesterday, still fly from yesterday......
But Vanessa Hudgens lost the HOTTEST guy ever.
#mlanet12 Trivia: Seattle, the city where Starbucks was born, but your two NPC co-chairs don't like/drink coffee.
its functional, powering lake express etc.
as a librarian, I say it's totally appropriate to shush an adult stranger.
took me most of the day but i finally caught up on all my work!
I only have like one? :P
ohh I'm looking forward to seeing what people say! You don't see many books like that!
fave plants to grow w/ kids? pumpkins - scratch their names in the rind
Thank you Mr. President!!!
The challenge is not to 'step outside your comfort zone' but to actually LIVE outside your comfort zone. That's where true evolution exists…
The #redsox just emailed the 9/17 game move to 4:10PM because of FOX. Good customer service. (this time)
You always was a black queen, mama
I am still a fan of techno tasking. I actually might adopt this into my secular vernacular.
Take care of your soul.
I never thought this day would come ! ;;( </3
Reminder: Art Committee is dressing the set up tonight for this weekend's shoot. Contact if you'd like to help!
