cant wait till i get your book!! it will be legit;)!
don't feel bad, I was in college when the show first aired. That. Old.
Some people are so flippin bipolar now days!
thanks i love glee
If you don't like what your community looks like, change it.
lol. Taxi: Chase that tornado.
GO JETS!!
Meghan received an invitation on Facebook to r.s..v.p. to the party. Correct?
The further you are from the roots of the organization - the more likely you'll end up out on a limb with the nuts - Grant Fairley
Pretty sure I've seen you in 3 different commercials just this weekend alone Must be nice #work $
Middle school worship this morning was amazing. Anybody who says that middle school students can't focus and worship God, are mistaken.
Hey its raining real hard in chula ewwww its all wet:P
Omg livin that jlo did a performance with boy toy!
you know you went to the french lycée when most of your facebook feed consists of people complaining about sarkozy losing to hollande
Really enjoying my user-centered analysis classes at Today is my favorite - usability testing!
have a great day...stay dry
Rest! He has you right where He wants you. Rest! God has your back.
I'm out here stuntin!
fat ass
Always do the unexpected
Pretty cool story tonight. A group in ABQ won some money in the Mega. Wait until you hear who they're giving some of it to. KOB at 6.
at Georgetown EMBA
#imagine Dave dancing on stage with Austin hahahahahahhahahahahhahahaaaa
Great review...
Time for a quick nap before the world series!
hey Cutie thanks for the follow and you should check my YouTube channel @ YungSmookDawg
Watching #bluebirds feeding in the neighborhood - can't wait to get my own nest box up!
RT “: The best artist aren't the ones looking for the fame, but mearly looking for a means to express themselves.”
I use The Early Editon
Sometimes It's all in the mind.
RT : Fender, Iconic Guitar-Maker, Aims to Rock Wall Street With IPO (timeblogs): Share With Friends: | | Business -......
Her response was "Its so Western to divorce, start a new family, and keep in touch w/ your first set of kids"
my brain is Swiss cheese at times. Next time for certain! xo
Sleeping all 7th period .. Waking up freezing !😪
If Your Not Following Us Because You Think This Is Only About Making Our Dreams Come True Then YOUR WRONG. We Are About Chasing Your Dreams!
wish I was coming to to see you! thanks for following!
Walking Jackson then doing. Aton of cleaning. Def not enough time in the day before #crossfit tonight
MTV True Life just left and we have a new selection of Buddah Bars. 2 g of mmj and super strong. Come check them out.
I Love You♥ I Love you♥
very true... It's all about where your audience is... But I think they just draw different types of users
M - always some sort of character ice cream pop with gumball eyes.
collison did just yank his ass ...
DYK? Noted author and poet Sonia Sanchez was a member of AKA. ..
no, didnt go to the game last night...tho that woulda been fun. did church, my friend's recital, then church again :)
wrestling coach at the high school I used to work for used them, but he cut them up so the boys wouldn't know what they were!
Besties are the grey hooded fiances driving me to the airport at the crack of effing dawn...if only Webster were along for the ride!
And you just made my point. HBO is not going to shit in their own bed.Meaning: they are not going to piss off their best custs
nick nick nick :) can u please follow me
#celticschat BASS= A BOSS!
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & pepperjack on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, mayo & a cup of soup....$6.95 *Chili is 50 cents extra
Drake & Josh is the best show
Saw your "Sh*t Hijabis say" vid on youtube! HYSTERICAL! :-)
Guess the Heat will just win in 5 now.
SUPER CUTE! i'll be in ATX this weekend!!!! :)
: "abundance is creating a life of possibility"
Can't wait for tomorrow
So many small things combined for the perfect day
yes Australia
I always knew I wanted to become somebody when I grew up. Now I realize I should have been more specific. ~ Lily Tomlin
I mean, I know the song, but...no.
Luckily Pierce with a knee injury is like the boy who cried wolf... I hope. Please please please...
My heart big, but it beat quiet...
I love this love triangle of friendship!! Amirta- I do not see you enough!! (you too, sunk!)
I bought tickets for the BSO playing Star Wars music in Oregon Ridge in July. Because lasers.
Will you be adding the ability to add twitter lists to the board anytime soon?
#ThingINeverUnderstood.....why fat bitches are fat bitches
With bells on, sir. cc/
Javascript assignment for Info Tech completed and submitted. Hated every minute of it, but I'm happy I did it.
San Antonio Stand Up for underground art forms! #DMCSATX this Saturday at ! Doors open at 8!
<<< World's cutest forking couple. (Next to Sammy && Carlos. ;D )
Bruno Mars had a Grenade, and Tiao Cruz had a Dynamite, so they both threw them at Katy Perry who exploded like a Firework
: #NationalCleavageDay tweet this if you love
waiting for the opening night at next week #abq has to be a fav for outdoor locations
We were promised cake, but instead we got death by fire. :( LOL I love
"Heart is the one which sails the sea of emotions. Brain just brings to the surface whatever your heart is going through"
Done with finals!!!
walking vineyards
On the running machine #makeitcount listening to nye mix just posted the link on fb if u wanna hear it
Thank you for coming to the show!
Are you 'training' for a sport, or 'exercising' for a better quality of life? There's a difference. CG Philosophie.
#Journalism startups need sustainable biz plan w/at least 70 pct funds from earned income, says
“: Ash Wednesday... any plan for Lent?”. I'm giving up procrastination.... Tomorrow.
That's what girls do
Andrew Sallans now taking about the big picture of escience
oh thank you!
It's a shame we won't get to see Greinke vs. Carpenter in the NLCS. I'd like to see who'd wear one first. And the brawl would be epic.
Warm up with a cup of Darjeeling tea and a Rosemary Olive oil bagel on your way to work
That nap was so great.
$680 worth of suits! Yeah, you can say I'll be lookin' good! Haha
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course
. But, Chris. . .here is a question in earnest. . .how could RC be used in conjunction with CCSS?
Much needed day off tomorrow! Although great rehearsal today! Freakin' talented cast!!!!!!
#pudsey so haooy you guys won:)
21 Jump Street is fkn awesome!!
UT alum is presenting on free business resources right now in room 362 BCEF
:( thinking about you & your family Kyle. So sorry for your loss!
#nowplaying House Party ; Meek Mill
Could be. Revising theory tho. Might be a bit longer, but out of work developers will start teaching @ high schools soon enough.
To & , thanks for following.
Love the collection!
Sweet! Good luck to you.
OMG you are NUMBER ONE for BEST FANS! RT if you love your MAHOMIES
i wonder if he give her good d will i really get a raise lmaoooo
"basketball wife" is my new look
hahaha I thought you would!!
Hello Twitter
Figuring out details for my next trip to LA in three weeks. I didn't think I'd be back this fast :)
Sitting in this room with all these people reminds me that I hate people
Party rock anthem.
The powerful conversation tools contained in this book (Authentic Conversations) will cont. -
if u could support any one of the caricters how would it be a.Fred and George b.Harry and ginny c.Ron and granger or d.Draco
The areas of your life that needs a overhaul. pride, unforgivness, disobedience, apathy etc. Imagine how smooth the ride of life will...
Im mad about following DUMB Stuff like Current 93 Death in June Coil-it just kept me from so much other music.I hated that time/early 1990's
they got the most complete team in the league .... Starters to the bench smh
That's my thing man!
RT : Show the world what a beautiful person you are. Let it shine. <-- Love this! Let's see all that radiant light ablaze!
So this weekend looks promising
I prayed for those who consider me their enemy today!
That awkward moment when your crush talks to you, and your friends are more excited than you are.
Extras in brewtown!
hahahahah! you wish!
Show is great, but you need to read the books. Thick reads, but quick. Joffrey is even more evil on pages
spraying us with silly string at the bus stop. They jumped out like we it was a movie coming out there
12:04 & I cant get u off my mind lol Super Excited that tickets 4 July 6th Milwaukee go on sale this Sat.!! Ur amazing 143 <3 4
Visit us at www.onqnites.com for more info on our events.
Karin Victoria Silvstedt (born 19 September 1974) is a Swedish celebrity model, actress, singer, and television personality
Word. Happy for all the progress but these assholes in the way need to be voted out. Dems all over need to get out the vote
I'd say we should grab coffee or a drink but a day doesn't sound like a very long trip. Safe travels!
Happy Mother's Day to me! Queen for a day!
i'm a walking travesty, but i'm smiling at everything.
Myspace ftw?
Have been reading MS&T every nite, a fast read. Wud love to hear more about ManVsWild. #NextBook ;-)
lolz i was
It'll be interesting to watch what happens to the kid on the cover of the 5/21 edition of too.
great article on Milwaukee... may want to check out and follow The Cardinals love it. Not.
Daddy gone get it in tonight! What better way to end the week #WeLikeToParty - XavierLT.com
you too! Love your idea and site. Great job. If you're ever in LA let's meet up!
#inthe90s Digimon was still relevant, and I loved it.
Went to the mall today with my friends, had fun :D
Help me, !
Less Friends , Less Bullshit..
Thanks for shopping with us! Have a safe and beautiful Labor Day Weekend!!
Remind me to ask you about you later.
I would rather go to a Twighlight premiere.
“: Listening to on the Local Buzz” Thanks for tuning in tonight Patti! #YouRock!
"All these teams that lost tonight don't have big guys." My point exactly, Charles Barkley.
G Peppas swag jacking my style
Frankie says relax. And see you Wednesday.
whats to ya ?
Last meeting of the year today at 1PM in Donahue 218B.
Warm Wishes!
Lonnie might kick your tail if he catches wind your eyeing his gig!
In 3 years, China added more Internet users than exist in the USA.
that one person you just always feel like talking to, but knowing it just wouldn't be the same.
50 years in business - pretty proud time for all of us @ Custom Art. Thank you all for everything!
yeah.. that's what I'm doing.
Smiling but u r not the reason :)
I saw it on the news this morning. Damn terrorists!! Its really pathetic.
Someone talk a walk to the bay with me
david why is that going to far? Am i missing something?
can we put them on bug rotation when you're done? enjoy!
forever long... 13 hours to San Fran then another 3 hours to Austin
Never give up on something you really want. Its difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret!
'girls are witches they can lift things without touching them'
The next 8 hours of my life I will be in birthing class. Please don't try to tweet or text me as I do not want to be distracted.
The weather is turning out to be perfect for all the reading I need to get done for my #WIP research. Not at all tempted to go outside.
15 years in TH is starting to be too long
Might freeze tonight and tommorrow night so shut off your timers to prevent ice on sidewalks & driveways from overspray
Tickets @ Ticket outlets are $55, but they are in Miami.
Great read. Thanks for linking the article.
np! You have great content! ;)
take pics! didnt know about this! Sry to miss it! “: GREAT! I'll come check it out!”
MUNI inspectors checking transfers and valid fares all along Market right now. My bus got hit twice!
please follow so I can coordinate prizing from #spookley party with you. Thanks!
pretty sure my students were given speed before class today. so that was... fun.
Hello, EasyJet & RyanAir, can you please update your websites? BER won't be open in July. Please change it back to SXF. Need tix urgently!
All Day Event!!!
bored wish i had a time machine
You okay man?
I have a lot of food at my table and I'm alone. Learn from me, skinny Qdoba loitering hipster teenagers.
Friendship is love with understanding.
Artists in Action Event: Celebrating the Fall of the Berlin Wall at GMU. Looking for actors and vocalists!
Thanks for a wonderful reception at the University Club tonight! So proud to be in ODK!
I... don't know what this is/is for, but sweet!
When the discussion was going on I said T-jack would win!
Worrying does not empty tomorrow of it's troubles ... it empties today of it's strength. - M. Engelbreit #findthepositive thx
which one?
happy #FF back at ya. Call it a volley ;)
So.... Why didn't anyone tell me that it's slim pickings on the men in New Orleans???
Remember mom's words when you skinned your knee or cried because he didn't call? "You can do anything. Try again." Mom is still right!
Not sure it's healthy for the rest of society but we are giving it a go.
“: I'm happy for all the people tweeting about going to shows but we need some love up north! OH or IN soon?” hope so!
lol when I saw the commercial for it I noticed he was cute but he looked young so I didn't do anything about it! Haha
Don't keep looking back, you'll never see what's coming
Ok I'm going to slap every lightskin girl with a fish that prefers a lightskin dude over a brownskin dude.
the chemist has been waived by the Knicks. They're in trouble again aren't they?
Good luck on your new endeavor The site is great.
dane cook is.a dbag I.agree!!!
you should totally do a Christmas album! I would
Long line for Ralph Lauren - lets hope I make it...
and raised the two boys, and the man's daughter, to be decent human beings. The younger boys, who were brought into the family by no fault..
Even if you just pledge $1 you can still be the Photobomber.
Thanks for your past service and follow!
I'm doing good thanks. :) Hoe about you? And to answer your question, if someone tweets something from Tumblr, all you need (c)
Can I be your hero in my dreams?
You should follow my sister she rocks.
so. Why cant she go
Ok! Back to real life!
Nick if u see this tweet thanks again for subscribing to my friend and thanks for the letter. :)
I go through post-its like crazy! Good thing I
. 1st Quarter: Solid Steeler play 2nd Quarter: Mayhem and foolishness
Oh and if people are tryna steal my thunder, at least credit me or will find you. K?
Best Rapper Award: Drizzy Drake
THATS WHAT IM SAYING! They need to go .
You and all of Seminole Nation
Can I put a bounty on whoever let Cris Carter and Bill Romanowski get into the news cycle?
Wow - love the new look!
your hotter (;
Cypress Hill (Rock) Superstar top 5 also.
Im Mad They Were Five Points Away Lbs
Hoping for a great outcome for my boy Brew using a holistic approach to veterinary medicine for the cure or comfort of his arthritis.
#SomberSongs Blight Room
Hey guys, I have nothing to do with this. Sorry your having a problem, but why attach me?
anywhere u go i will be following u
is my 13 yr old son sitting pressbox covering today's game
-- Where You Come From ? Lol
very cool! I will see you there next month :)
Happy Mother's Day💐🌷🌸
Well,we coming down in April to visit...and if stuff don't pop off up here for me..im moving back down by early 2013 :-)
I'm not going to be at TLA this year :-( but I will be at the UNT Alumni dinner on Thursday.
wow I go to sleep for 45 minutes and this happens lolol
#NowPlaying The WHOLE CD. x
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory. – Fortune Cookie
it would make this the best birthday if you wished me a happy birthday alex <3
I'm going 2 say good night now b4 my eyes begin to cross..Nite Nite everyone!!!
Luke Babitt needs to make threes to be an effective NBA player...so maybe he can be effective, cause he is making threes
NASA's shuttle program was retired last summer but today I saw Discovery do a victory lap in DC. (cont.)
#WhoApprovedThis "Girl you a dime and I don't wanna spend it so Imma put you in my penny bank."
how did you get homemade butter? Did you make it?? Yum
Regionals tomorrow! !!!!!!! Were gonna rock the house! !!!!!!
Ads on YouTube videos have cut my video watching almost in half lol. If not more.
love it! Beautiful voices and very cute together.
Allergy avoidance tip: Change or empty your home’s HEPA filters, and don’t forget about the filters in your AC and clothes dryer, too.
Now i'm hoping just a little bit stronger, hold me up just a little bit longer. i'll be fine, I swear, i'm just gone beyond repair.
If I had a snare drum I'd march up/down the halls playing it. May have to settle for capirotada instead. You?
Who would of thought a simple "hello", would go this far :')
So far really liking ABC daytime's new show The Revolution. Sort of like what you would find in a magazine, but on TV.
"This truly a gift that goes beyond four walls and a roof," says Sequoia's mother.
what's wrong? 😒
Is that still a story? It wasn't much of one to begin with. I guess with the SB in the books, beat writers have nothing to do.
#facfaceoff is trending for DC!
lmao I get that a lot. I don't like cheesecake either... :o
MyCity PROMO TIP: Treat the events you work like any other job--do great work and you're more likely to get hired again!...
Free my dad Jerome I miss you already!
Debbie Skelly~ In a mirror last place becomes first place... Just depends on how you wish to look at it.
Check now!
You're so welcome - glad we could help!
great, till than!
he said colts take fleener or upshaw
Dang, twitter is dead, they should make an app for tumblr for every phone!
Back to the hotel after a tasty dinner at schlafly
I will get back to after the season about the FCA Lacrosse Cincy team.
Snl so far really good
is that a coors light, Eric?!
'cause you a trip
Saturday cartoons make me happy
not yet. Tell your local craft beer stop to order some. It's open to any location that is hosting an event.
Looking for alligators today...
lmao your turn drew...
My liver is extremely grateful for the past 5 hours of napping & 3 gallons of water
Can't stay up any longer
yes my name is clearly synonymous with fashion
thanks for sharing, have a wonderful day!
" You can buy Education, but you can't buy Class. "
Thank you to all the brave ladies who have shared the story of your Alopecia journey with us. Stay strong!!!
These long as videos <<<<
Take out "bitch" and all of these are nerdgirl swoon-a-riffic.
It was great watching my son score 2 goals @ Pike soccer league today!!!!
So sick of funnel cakes...
Tell me, what does, Bom-Chicka-Bow-Bow mean? Don't be shy now...
For people trying for KC today Is anyone filling out their billing information while they wait? -Caitlin xx
I wonder if he can actually sing... Like, in real life.
oh crap,my bachelor pad just turned into the IPAD,too much shit going on and half of it you don't need!
could I get a rt on being your #1 fan
I feel like we've all been very presumptuous with regard to the appetite of wolves for the last 30 years or so.
Found a tick nymph on me! The ticks are OUT in force!
learn how to tweet faggot
I thought I seen u lol
Whoever has power to say yes or no, those are the gatekeepers for
Bleu is 1000% behind Bring it on home! Already counting on Game 7.
Don't forget to RT your boy and Those guys really are nuts and on this thing, sir. See u soon
How many times you seen a guy steal home on a pickoff? I can't remember seeing it. Also, Cole Hamels = smart.
Today's PR 3.0 will be at the Slammer Tavern just a couple blocks down Stark from our headquarters. See everybody there at 4 p.m.
yes, Wiz on it, Or fight fire with fire;)
see? And you pre-judged.
We are curious to know if any of you have had success getting your message to your clients through Twitter or is it a waste of time?
Grow your hair back out, then are you dtf? c;
Thanks. Is there a specific sponsor code for this drive?
Yves Klein exhibition app! Hirshhorn -> Walker
Dang i feel like shit foreal
The most common response from my beloved friend to me ==> RT : sigh.
Finnish students don't suffer from PTWS (Post Testing Withdrawal Syndrome). Unemployment for PTWS specialists skyrockets.
nahh I dont think so coach said he thinks its just bruised I should be good
what's a fun project I can use to teach kindergarteners about you?
I decided I need to get back up on my tweet game. #imbackbeeches how you doin gurl?
My Auntie House
Thx to my daily schedule is packed w/ all the things I actually WANT 2 be doing! I've never been so excited 2 wake up before 8am!
That "one side" just wants Obama to fight for what he stood for during his election.
looking for a good t-shirt place in Lincoln Park, any ideas? #Go Local
So Creighton is my new college bball favorite
Heading to the #txhimss conference with ! Let the fun begin!
Thanks man!
Of course it is. #HypotheticalQuestion :)
tonight both the Brat and Ale Houses will be rockin ( via karaoke) sp PLEASE come a knockin ( or a singin or a drinkin or both)
Nice job Philly!!!!
Worst day of my life
Hash Tag for Rally to Restore Sanity is
RT Philadelphia jails are so overcrowded that antidepressants (Lexapro) are given to all prisoners to "keep peace"
Good luck with that whole using deviance to alleviate boredom loop.
Time to invest in a new bathing suit for senior trip!
": If you say "Gullible" slowly, it sounds like "Oranges".." Fell for this
Just spied you were here at #hyperlocal. Would love to say hello after this panel. Wall back to Convention Center?
Loving your book! Had a "la mia moglie...malata di stomaco" moment w/ Italian pharmacist in Florence. Thank God for Geffer.
If Congress has the power to make you engage in an activity that you don't want to do - where is the limitation upon the Federal Gov't?
General Washington is looking for an engineer to help correct some of the defensive lines in the camps around Boston.
4 year olds take it the best of all. They usually just shrug and continue playing. They're wiser than adults in that way.
you're welcome :) *hugs*
I was up at 5:15!!
but i really want our bros to take us
you just posted like 70 tweets in 10 seconds how
Bravo JM! I like the piece too!
Wishing everyone a #happy and #healthy #NewYear. Be safe tonight!
BEST start to a birthday ever: breakfast delivered to my desk by Make-your-own breakfast burritos? HOW DO YOU KNOW ME???
Tomorrow is Small Business Saturday. Lets all do our part to visit local wine shops, restaurants and markets in our area!!
I expect to see at the show tonight. #noexcuses!
John kuan is on here
what kernel are you using? And with what settings?
I'm finally entering the world of Tweeting. What fun! Follow me. love you, AFT
Sadly not yet. We haven't found the right large music festival partner in NYC or East Coast to date. Always hoping though!
if u are in twitter now call me mena going to pick up ask him were he is let me know
I'd piss blood for a week for a prairie fire right now
Obama endorses same-sex marriage. I oppose it.
Smelling like hot dogs as you go to sign up for a 5k: Embarrassing? It's gotta be
"you ask" "no you ask" "will you please ask?" "why can't you ask?" "fine...hey my friend wants to ask you something"
Watched Zayns dancing video once again.. <3
Second grade lied, I never use cursive.
Tomorrow morning starts a day/night long internal hackathon on campus. Very exciting!! #innovation #swingforthefences!!
ah okay :)
yay! maybe i'll make it to the gym today. ;)
I'm so sorry to hear that. Hope you feel okay! :]
how not to learn how to drum: listen to your original songs, try to imitate Jon Bollinger, repeat.
ha! Thanks girl :) you do the same!!
<---- girl that messes up sh*t (smh)
namedropping Jeff Peterson Cup 2011. I still want those shows!
i ❤ elizabeth
There are a few things I really really hate but one of those things is a LIAR. I hate LIARS.
. Nice blog. Sorry for your loss, and thanks for the important perspective.
RT Rep. Phillips takes Krider to task on her implication that PP targets college students.
Pretending I have Amnesia works everytime
thanks re #exhibit3! we're looking for some early collaborators with interesting data to test... suggestions welcomed ;)
I'll be there shooting. Hit me up and I'll make sure you get pics.
Twins run heavy in my family and have skipped my sisters thus far, with my luck I'll have twins - twin girls at that. Ewww, I'll cry. :(
wow! #honored!
when he stood smiling and it was just there like aw
Metalcore/Deathcore rising band from Grand Rapids MI. Check out our songs and see if you like us! thanks for the support
absolutely, Im sure they will love it ! already used by Tigers, Mets, Sox, Mariners etc.... should be a gr8 day thx invite!
I would be curious what the stats are for teams trying to get the 2 for 1. P, fg% etc.
Send our congratulations to Taryn!
My concern is not that anyone will think less of me. My concern is that I will think less of me.
It is spam. I just had to change my password. Don't click on it!!
#MarchMadness prep is underway in Louisville...four games here tomorrow...lots to do!
Hi world
lol me too!
I need sleep !
Check out our Facebook.com/ChaseMarketingGroup page for images from past events and more!
And I'm back on the ground in the ATL - phew, that was a marathon 9days!
Fun Fact Friday: 3 out of 4 domestic trips taken are for leisure purposes (77%).
Well u have an amazing voice Izabelle and guess what??
create a black guy date some white bitches slay some dragons
Yes, they do, as well as a responsibility to introduce audiences to different voices, cultures, costumes.
Jones playing Beastmode today
RT : Be encouraged. Stay on your hustle. You can’t fail until u quit.
I'll come speak for free!
hes not a good defender, that comment is pretty baseless. you're essentially going off public perception
it felt like a dropoff from the other Blizz games of the era, tho I love the mindless arcade games that came before!
yes!!! and by a bunch of little black people stupid ass shit though
I'm guessing Madison DMd you..
So I dodged the 7:15am meeting tomorrow. At least until next week.
Someone should have told me Paul McCartney was playing at Wrigley. I would have made different travel plans! omg
Only guy I love is Eminem💙
At the library I work at there are 490 people on the waiting list for Hunger Games. And we have over 200 copies. IT'S CRAZY.
Joseph Conrad said, “The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary
CHALLENGE PREVIEW: Tomorrow you will get the chance to win a FREE Fit2Go meal. Stay tuned!
can I tweet blushing, Love to you, and appreciation for your awesome talent? Cuz I want to.
Hahaha i play to much smh ... :)
yesh. And nice to meet you. :]
Bust out your chains for the weekend! Want some? Hit me up!!
YAY LOVE! Got our 1st hit from India since putting up tracking system www.ILoveYouMoreBook.com
I'm on call 2nite. Hopefully uninterrupted sleep is in order. AM news shift 2morrow
reporting for jury duty today. I so hope that does not mean I have to consume brown liquid from a vending machine and pretend its coffee...
Peter Sam, Rusty and Sir Handel
Get your TAN ON! *Specials TODAY* All UV TANS are $9 each! MEMBERS-ONLY can buy a HY or HP tan for $5!
You've gotta love a guy who gives a shoutout to Jesus. I can't be mad at him for winning over Tony. :)
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ... I forget the other two. ~ Red Skelton
Dolphin Tale is amazing
Fall has asked for my silence and has showed me that judging yourself is not the same as being honest and open with yourself
Busy day. Authentication issues, prep for a Firefox upgrade, and some questions about OverDrive support accounts. No time for Twitter...
Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. -John Maxwell
US Airways = Worst Airline EVER
the whole in my thumb <<
Birthday lunch last Friday. Delish food. Only thing they need is #popcorn on the menu! Great job, !
Yeah. Getting myself up to run and shower and I'll come over. It's going to be cold!
RT : i heard ur bit on dude. the beat was ill. lol i cant get it outta my head.
because you're gay for Zev?
RT #quote "having lunch with stupid girls. gay :D" -Abraham Lincoln
praying my grade doesn't drop
just booked our room for timmayfest !!!!!
"the vomiting of politics is what fourier calls invention"
I hate airports.
U have no idea how nauseous they are making me.
I agree. All of our shirts are made and printed in the US. Wanted to share http: //76garments.com/
This time - ALL bay area beliebers will be planning it!!! BUYOUT TINYCHAT SON. Give more info later.(:
I've always been a turn-based guy over twitch.
3 day week, let's get it
Sometimes I forget how lucky I am to help change, and improve the health of people. Their trust in me to help them, humbles me! Thank you!
Congrats! Treats well-deserved.
bed by 1?
Amazing party last had, had the best time ever!!! Happy Birthday Chris!! Love you
Happy Birthday
Unicorns and glitter 🎠🎠🎠🎠
Ray J will have the du rag flapping in the wind in celebration tonight.
I love the idea of having an opening credits before a play with visuals and music.
In the word(s) of the great Charles Barkley, this is "TRBL"!!!!!
My niece walked into my room and said your hair look like beautiful! (:
“: I'm regretting saying I'd drink every time I heard the word "Tebow" on TV today. #AlreadyDrunk”.
the feeling of success
Love is like a butterfly; hold it too tight & it'll crush, hold it too loose & it'll fly.
Chk out Gingrich in our movie at #cpac tomorrow am
Arguing with on why I think #BritneySpears is pretty cool.
Would you rather meet someone you love, for being themselves or for their talent?
Thanks for the #FF! best to ya :)
terry playing with crayfish tonight at the irish channel, crofton, md 10pm
'Dancing With 12 News This Morning' continues. Coming up on see my cha-cha practice. #WISN12 you're going DOWN
DJ'n Silverado bar tonight. Some country & various Spanish music
4sho . Im ready for this game next week.
Adam Kalishman is on air until 9!
Hey, pepper spray is like a food product...right?
#NBAMVP Cole Aldrich, because hey, why not?
you know what they said! new hair, new life(:
Kim might be joining us as our new sewing repair & alteration expert -- we sure need one. And she lives down the street -- great to connect!
private vs public cloud computing, costs, control issues, risks. Lots of considerations when looking at cloud computing
#AwkwardMoment when you Realize your GF has the Same Lip as a Famous Person you just want to uhmm Attack . . . Lmao.
seeking volunteers to help at the door for #BASHH on Thursday - great way to meet people! let us know if you're interested!! (pls RT)
This movie is bouta make me cry 
RT was a HUGE success. Our thanks to all of you who were there! Good times, Great People and Beer!
maybe thats what they are tryna to do with Floyd . He holds like 7 of em know. Make him retire with most of em
Its funny how even tho marty mcfly traveled to the future nd back all he rlly wanted was to be a famous musician
We bear the grins of the smiling dead.
We just left and rolled down there. We'll be ready in a sec. Were there from 11:30 till 1:30
I’m on NBC’s “Chase” tonight! Jerry Bruckheimer’s newest series airs at 10/9 Central.
Couldn't ask for better weather for today's photoshoots! Lots of clouds, but not too cold... yeah!
Great weekend Israel Independence day at the Straz Center in Tampa, now off to Pier 60 to finish things off!
It's obvious McLuster > the Gronk
Hi every1! How are you all? Sorry i havent been tweeting as much. I have a Christmas concert on Saturday & I've been rehearsing like crazy!
your welcome!
send some brownies our way!
Thank you so much..If you're in Nashville this Friday stop by , I'll be playing from 5-7.
When I was a kid, I used to think when people said "errand" they were saying "Erin." So, now I say, "I'm running an Erin."
I've been homesick for Australia the last few days ... it's always weird when it hits ... I'll be alright!
lets just make it happen.
what is happening??
Definitely agree. The Steelers need a spark. Big Ben and the Steelers offense is struggling.
I'm PERSONALLY following the next 150 that follows ! Retweet if you did.♥
What year.. and what's on the design.
#foodieproblems RT : My husband needs to stop posting pics of food and start hunting down some to eat. For dinner. Just sayin'
Has anyone covered the contraception story in terms of the male side, i.e. vasectomies, Viagra?
RT : Data science hackathon in london under way. Teams are in action. lots of discussions.
Justin Bieber kinda looks like a Lesbian girl
's voice , always and forever ♥
RT A big thank you to La Costa Canyon High School Cheerleaders, Breea Renee (Help Breea Beat MS), Aj Rockit
RT : Bike time! NICE!
RT : NICE, VERY NICE. Right back atcha! Laughed today with "sun jacket" comment. Let's get that word in circulation.
RT : That's No Cookie Monster! Sesame Street's YouTube Channel Hacked, Replaced With Porn: It's just a different kinda cookie
RT :taking a wild guess here: the #NJ #Devils won tonight.based on raucous noise &horn blaring autos outside my window. :)
Just got home and do I even have to say it? Effing cable company!!! I need my baseball!!!!
My pleasure, Rich.
It's Wednesday! Most of our team is working on some wonderful homes while the rest are planning the Kite Festival to benefit !
So should we hit the Toyota Center for practice, or head over to you guys up at ESPN? Tips, advice?
CHECK MY PICS THERS PROOF IT'S ME
Rise and grind! Off to the gym then work all day! Make it a wonderful Wednesday!!
Looking to see if Mrs. Kraft is part of the gallery. Will get back to you.
I have a little brother 17 years younger than myself. All kinds of weirdness there.
WOW, DISAPPOINTING RAW!! NO rock, no sting, no good wrestling! Ill be watching a historic march 3rd TNA IMPACT over this garbage.
That is AMESOME!
That's why I was a Hall of Famer
Hello industry brethren, tonight we offer you all half off of everything.
Back from SFO, then rehearsing @ Royce Gallery for "Fingers and Toes", a tap/electronic drum performance.
Alw shit I diggs it!!! Lol That's what's sup!!! keep it up
I never thought I would be this excited to get a new bed
I'm in desperate need of sun.
#Hoosiers take the opening tip, Sheeby nails the jumper.
Start the morning off right. Do what makes you happy.
So very new to twitter not sure if I will like this. Since I never usually update my status on fb more then once a week!
I'm good... Been running a small lakeside resort in a very small town all summer. Nice weather and lots of fun! You?
Went to see "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark" earlier! It was the best scary movie I've seen in a while!!
Thank You Joan is trending WORLDWIDE! ♥
That is a B-E-A-utiful guitar!!!
Peaceful and silent protesters in front of CHA today. #march11doesnthavesecondmeaninglikemarch4:(
Awesome Thanks Kim! :)
Like cinema? Learn more about the new Film and Media Studies Minor! Info. session on 1/19 @ 5 p.m. in New South Film Screening Classroom.
not surprising in the least, should be a memorable discussion if they are really allowed to speak by the crowd
Best Beer and Burger while traveling. Illinois Bar and Grill (MDW)
You can achieve anything you want. Just don't be afraid to try !
THUNDER + COFFEE ftw!
Road rage at its finest.
Opportunities abound, the unsuccessful see challenges, and make excuses.
I just wanna go home 😞
let me clarify; we r chilling with my pet kangaroo Ralphie, who wears a suit of Velcro and jumps onto fabric walls :) xo
I have Hanley Ramirez who can play there & Robert Andino but I need him at 2B.
sure ya are (:
I guess yer pops and I both like Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam!
I miss you - Frank Ocean >>>>
Baker gets a good break at Assumption - Foxboro Reporter
You are the best cody simpson:3
It seems, then, that data is that which is prior to both argument and algorithm, and that its form both shapes and is shaped by the latter.
Dont Click any links in your DIrect Messages. Hacked accounts are sending phishing DMs?. (via )
I have been painting for the past 4hrs...hand is cramping up..time stop..i'll finish up t.rex in the morn.
such an honor meeting you at warped in tampa florida<3 i love you so much. I would appreciate it if you would follow me? (:
You will!
Never make someone your priority if you remain their option…
hey can you ask Cathleen If she got my email about Monday?
I like the killing and I enjoy Madmen
Next thing you know, we'll be hearing Backstreet Boys...
this u hear all of the time but hell u r a good wrestler in my opinion
Interesting fact: humans shed over 30 million eyelashes over our lifetime.
I think and need to call out the piss pour showing by #cubs fans!
I couldn't get into Weeds, but I did like the few episodes of Breaking Bad I saw
you are our target audience for Shortmail Connect - small messages go to your SM, while longer ones go to gmail.
Don't really like fanny pak tbh
when a guy mows down the heart of the lineup in the 8th and is still fresh, why pull him just because his title isn't "closer"?
Happy Friday everyone! What are you doing for the Super Bowl? If you are in need of some last minute snack ideas, we've got you...
Ms. Lawly (our career advice coach): What do you plan to be when you grow up, Katelyn? Me: An erotic dancer.
my dad will making it ! ^-^ lololol sure !
haha and what are those like extra small? d:
Its pursues paper today. And Damn we should alternate
It's a quick trip, but I'm excited
Looking for Google+ pals... Hit me up: Arthur G Gonzales and hurry cuz it's cold and lonely out there! LOL
thnx for the follow. i look forward to your ideas and views about wine.
fade on my head a mutha fuckin part before i hit the homeroom nigga gotta spark
I just want to go home and watch Skins.
Hey all Chicago 1d fans! Tweet the link or put the link on a Facebook page of Chicago radio stations and local news channels!
my dad knows workers at radio disney
right? Just like have setting you can put on and BAM! Lol that would be awesome
**Save the date** - SeeThruEquity, LLC is hosting a small cap investor conference at the Cornell Club in NYC on June 5th. More details soon!
i'm sure the bus is but all of his belongings?
:) thanks sweeti I love u too honey !!♥♥
ha my baby lol
Fantastic #health2stat meeting last night in #DC. Great to chat with a roomful of 'do-ers'!
that's what's up 
I like the drafts recently. The young pitching will be a big boost to the big league club. I like Scooter. Need to draft power.
Nice driving range session today..hopefully can take it on the golf course.
update 2.0: [ ] knew what dime was
Thanks for the follow!
contemplating my exciting new future
Sorry, I didn't mean to sound all handwavy-flaily-dramatic there, I'm just grumpy. And may need more coffee.
Had a great Valentines Day, what a surprise haha, and thank you for the dinner and teddy beaar love u babayguuuurl
:) RT: Thank U so much for the box of Sunbelt Granola cereal from a recent Trivia Tuesday giveaway. It's yummy:)
and yet, not so much.
sounds like a plan, I'll be there
Have a great day......worked out work Cleve and then hooped day the C.K
Flight Facilities- Crave You ( Adventure Club)
The Paprika-dusted Flounder over Fisherman's stew at on #HStDC is phenomenal!
So true--thank you for this timely and needful reminder, Randy!
sounds like an Entourage plot line.
Yeah, it's Jin. The MAIN character
What's Happening?
Basketball today and #TheWalkingDead tonight!!!
RT : I just bought my #Titanic Exhibition tickets. I CAN'T WAIT. I have been dreaming of this since I was 5. Thanks <3
Thanks for coining a great #JohnWilliamsIndiana Jones/Jaws crossover: Raiders Of The Lost Shark. 1-800-421-1717.
Join Face Book page
I support you and Chloe!!! Really enjoying the new season!!
Life Has Many Different Chapters Of The Story, One Bad Chapter Doesn't Mean It's The End Of The Book...
I can't stand the idiots in the HIMYM subreddit sometimes.
I'm in the mood to listen to All Time Low today....
I know its only NIT, but nice to see the #iowahawkeyes get a solid post season win last night.
: give me the first letter of your name and I bet you I can guess it. -- me: Lea... Wait I just gave it out. Hahahahaha ! ;)
Why is my house freezing.. Not okay
Thanks to the San Francisco Bay Area Jewish Genealogical Society for the warm welcome and the chat about doing family history
Thank you. We'll be thinking of you!
Hi David, thanks for the RT. Am curious as to what "mixing magic mojo of emergent dialogue and organic design..." means?
man, I love y'all. Music, everything. It's not bout da fame, y'all jus too raw lyrically n actually acknowledge fans
Sweet! We can't wait to see you tonight!
this tweet's sole purpose is to no longer have 666 tweets
In an era when any semblance of customer support has faded, I'm shocked at the patient, knowledgeable (free) support from Kudos!
Thoughts & prayers to , Joe Sell's family, friends, and fans.
: Thank you!! And awee we cant wait!! When you get there say ur on our VIP list or find one of us and we can get u throu ...
To legally register his business Muhammed Bouazizi needed to go through 55 steps, wait 152 days, and pay 12x his monthly income.
my favorite color is blue and purple :)
Snowing in Brier Creek.RT : says its snowi g and sticking there in Chapel Hill. Sleeting here in Knightdale.
RT : Dear PRs, if you are going to pester me on the phone about one of your clients, please make sure you know its market cap...
Is it saturday yet?
Stave victimized by a drop, pass was thrown a little behind Jeff Duckworth but the junior should have made the catch
Funny how you said your spending wasn't gonna to do that. : 25 days until middle-class taxes increase if Congress doesn't act.
#IfIwonthelotterytonight I would Go to Vegas immediately
And with tissues, a trash can, & a mop- He will help you clean up ... Continued next tweet
Loving the VIP treatment at McDonalds'
Purified Seth Rogan.
OKC came out with guns blazing.
I think should be more afraid of the killer jackets then the mexican bats with the tiny hats
It's so nice out, wtf
My bedroom is looking super indie eclectic.. I don't know how I feel about this.
did you get the package that was emailed
thanks for the Sunday night follow back!
Yessir. Come thru bruh! Just walk in when you come.
Omw to the sex store w/
I loved the headlines two weeks ago that said, 'World Peace Suspended.' How is your brother Jeremy?
I know. LOL Thanks!
#MicrophoneAssassins music video is well on its way. I leaked a small portion last night for #Mer-C but I had to set it back 2 private...
love is a cat from hell
yes and freakin Calgon took me nowhere. I mean even Cinderella got to go to the ball
Happy Birthday !
Thx for the follow, Margo. Downloaded your new e-book today for fun read on the way to AWP to speak. Will u be there?
ah sorry Ken! If you texted in the last week I've been out of the country. I'll be back on Tuesday though. finally free wifi
When she asked me to pull out her wedgie..
no problem girl <3
" The most eloquent silence; that of two mouths meeting in a kiss."
I think they do vary. For ex, my sense of privacy at home is different than my sense of privacy at a coffee shop.
Same. School and basketball. Plus it was hot!
That picture hurt my spirit =(
dismissing him as crank/rocker convenient way to pretend he's not mainstream TX political thinker
While watching last night, I found out that I live near one of the most haunted places in America! Visiting it today!
After watching Harry Potter last night, I'm still a little sad.
It was an excellent time playing for you last night. Let's do it again soon.
thank you for the follow! Happy Tuesday... excited to keep sharing the videos with our community!
Hosting Read Local today, an event that gives 7 local authors the chance to pitch, then sell, their books at the Velma Teague Library.
It's funny how you spend more time looking up how to rite an essay,than actually writing it
my bro attacked me for my phone! Lololol asked my sis where hes going&she asked y what he doing? He takes my phone&tells her he's sleeping
Boy could you quit this stallin ' you know ima sexaholic ....
I'm over here in california & he's in michigan :(
I feel like nobody knows anything about me
much love to you and your family, Adam. We are all praying for your bother and his crew.
hey my birthday is august 19th. Starbucks giftcard ;)
We rolled up and poured up and it don't stop!!
#TranceTuesday Listening to #ASOT with my boy while I spin out new VMs and he dances
Does anybody have an owner's manual for a girlfriend? Mine's making a terrible loud noise
Admiring the quaint dusting of snow in the yard.
911 call just came for cow walking along the road. What's unusual about that? Maybe she's hitching a ride.
It's Monday! Time for #thevoice. This is the only reality show I like.
in class...Intro to Urban and Environmental Planning. This is a pretty cool class so far.
I seriously hope QPR loan out to provincial prison team.
Mission focus and mission clarity are key to getting people (internal) engaged
I get an Adrenaline Rush when I shoot a gun.
This cat has six paws
Don't take me for granted, because unlike the rest, I'm not afraid to walk away.
The Village People should write a new song D.M.C.A Its fun to take down your work with a D.M.C.A.
When a guy calls you his princess. >>>
"The Sheltering Sky" by Paul Bowles and "Snow" by orhan pamuk
I hate arguing with some ppl about sports they don't fucking listen
i do in the summer
Thank you!
That sounded weird.
bahaha i cant:\
oh hey derr
If you'd like to recommend any goals quotes, please contact me. Enjoy these goals quotes!
Just munched a 'Red heart' road goodie worth 3 points!
“: Happy happy birthday :) let's celebrate soon please! #miss you" Thank you!!!! Miss you too! Let's hang out!
RT : After work head to Kung Fu and Drink 4 a Cause. We're donating 15% of our sales to !
Weather for Fresno, CA 90°F Can I get something between windy and 45 and 90s
The Sandias are looking very volcanic.
Yes, I did really do that to myself. Yesterday was the first & last time I will ever do it.
#IICRC Training Day Two
Putting away winter clothes to make room for all the new stylish summer outfits coming in, So come get it while its coming in...
thinks that will be a pillow
Sometimes I really hate being a girl...! >.<
“: #Libra comes with a built in lie detector.” absolutely
is hiring entry/mid-level IA/UX to work in our Baltimore office. Job desc. coming soon, reply if interested
not sleeping tonight...
He must of found the instruction manual.. Lol
idk I've been at 's Chili Bowl all day with
The greatest
Huntsman also believes in campaign finance reform
Holy shit mr. Winland was so right
Celebrating the holidays and supporting the Food Bank at our holiday party at Everett and Jones BBQ
JUSTIN'S UNDER THE MISTLETOE ALBUM IS AMAZAYN. OMG.
Yea dad also used to throw garbage cans n fish tanks in the middle of the street at night n watch cars crash into em lol that shit cray lol
I want to meet you!!!
same thing had a nice dinner
hey anyway you can post that on facebook ? I wanna announce it on there
Aghhh my eyes hurt
. for mayor.. will fix the traffic and show up to #craftbeer events
Absolutely! You do a great job!
Thank you! It was fun! (Although a friend just told me that I don't look old or wrinkly enough to be the head of Neurology!)
great idea also, when there's time, go to museums that aren't for class. One of my favorites was
the 26!!!!! Only. That will be way better!
Excited to see my team talk re human trafficking & others talk re: future of legal profession/ed at UM's
When I was a kid the movie, "The Gate" really scared me.
I know you banging it out over there right now, SO ROCK THE SHIT HOMIE!!!
same name as my twitter
Everyone back home is complaining of hail. It's 81 and sunny out here.
Spring into fitness! Jumpstart your health by taking a GroupEx class @ the Y! Check with your Y for new class schedules....
Happy Mothers Day! We love our moms!
Still looking forward to Nashville in May with and
Obama to nominate former Clinton OMB director Jacob Lew to head his OMB when Orszag leaves post, WH said. Lew currently State Dept. COO.
THE #CLIPPERS. 28-3 RUN. BOOM.
Tough draw against 14-seed Tebow RT Made it through to the final 32 in the 13 Cover vote.
he loves me more!!
I suggest we get a bottle of "something" & call it a party! We can infuse that "something" w chia. Who's w/ me?
OMG just read this! are you ok twinsie?
Holding writing workshop for my undergrad class to get feedback on their abstracts & outline 4 final paper from peers. Suggestions?
I AM SO HAPPY. ^___^
"Try not to become a man of success, but a man of value."
#Madonna, I'm so confused. What's happening right now.
Monday, we'll be interviewing , , and any questions you'd like to ask 'em? Let us know!
So today is going really good.(: Spreading some love and having fun while doing it. #HappyVDay I love you!
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
Be nice. Everybody will be 52 one day and won't have her money to make up for the age.
#ghettotranslations... let me hold sumthin = let me have some money but im not going to pay you back......NEVER!
Im back home, Long Island kid 4life
RT #Oomf always calling over to cook his ass sumn.. He need him a woman cuz I'm not playing wifey..smh
you betta tell Kobe & Ron Ron to download then homie! LOL
Attnys are motioning for court to make recuse herself from case
Yaaay I passed my wonderlic test for my culinary arts school. I'm so excited and proud of myself AWESOME YEAH BUDDY.
“: we are talking about that down here at #140edu it's been a great 2 days”
yeah... I basically keep cable for Madmen. And TCM. And the occasional soccer match. Other than that...? Eh.
Thanks for the retweet!
. thanks for sharing that press for WATERLIFE! So happy about that one xox
In your opinion, , is there one brand whose customer loyalty program really stands out?
Thank you, thank you!
we have a TON of butter in our fridge right now. that is not an exact measurement though
Is nice to meet you !
We need friends, just not 6 billion of them that say "bestfriend"
anyone know how to make twitter let you follow more people?
hahaha I was so cute, I know. I tried so hard omg lolololololol.
I am ALWAYS your valentine ♥
Networking is really just being kind and helpful to everyone you meet and keeping record of how to stay in touch with them!
#writing plan today: #edit 4 chapters. Will be brain dead when finished.
RT : When is God going to fulfill His word in me... There is no return address to His Word! It will happen!
hahahaha I can so see that! I'm supposed to be studying for business but I'm just watching netflix in the library.
Happy birthday K-tron! I hope you have a great celebration and a wonderful year ahead!
When does the #Chicago hurricane season end?
Haven't found a house in LB yet, but I am hopeful
Why do good women fall for the wrong men, and good men fall for the wrong women?
how nice, jussi! this means a lot, coming from you :-)
you are very beautiful!!
I clicked the #5Krevolution hashtag. And so far you are the only one tweeting about it.
Engagement Ring Shopping: The Sequel
Chirp Chirp...who's goin out tonight!?
Hey , I Just Want My Music Videos Back...forget the pants.
I have never laughed as hard as I did at the 2nd post credits Avengers scene. Frakking comedy gold.
happy birthday!!! :-)
So, for example, you'll get unlimited 4G wireless internet for $131.65. That's $35 activation, $50 modem, $40 monthly service+tax
Aren't we all? RT : I'm waiting for a ginger bi-curious Franklin Pierce.
I cordially invite to Chicago. We have rats the size of bears, and I'll throw you a party if you kill them.
Are the Dems really going to be able to saddle us with a cap-and-trade thing? There must be some way we an stop this.
#Omega-3 supplements help the health of the #gums, reduce inflammation and block the pathogenic organisms.
Thank you "Baby Girl"!
True that. Now pardon me while I kick myself for having sold my Mariah CDs to to a used CD store yrs ago, pre-iPod. Crap.
thanks for asking. "friendliness will kill you [in the classroom]" is what I was told, so I guess yes, less pleasant
"Here's a song by a gay guy."
Go to www.teamkproductions.com to see the new www.BrioPhotography.com commercial!
I dressed in yellow for . I look like a 45 yr old peep praising the Lord!!!
Boston “: Its too easy for these spurs...can someone tell me a team that can beat them this year?”
I just wanna pull my hair so it grows faster!! >=P
& i just stalked you :)))
HANNAH I PROMISE DP IS NOT DICK PLATE OMG. <3
If we were faultless we should not be so much annoyed by the defects of those with whom we associate.
I lived in LA for 5 years and never felt anything like that. Our whole building was wobbling!!!
#oomf always lets me down</3
I really missed the boat on this whole Beastie Boy's thing-I was going through a DUMB Goth phase I guess? I don't know-I'm just out of touch
Thank God ! All this is Resolved Brand NEW Starts ...❤✌❤
I would like to be a whisky ninja. What is my initiation?
where am I this past few days? >.<
I'm a thug nigga on a sunday
hahahahaha its a hobby for me the only time I won't spend that much is.when I have a girl
How about dem #Cowboys at No. 14 you ask. They'll hope for Mark Barron. If not Michael Brockers or Stephon Gilmore sounds good.
no idea.
Alarm set for 830...woke up at 930 with my phone in my hand and alarm turned off
HOWAAAAAAHD? IS THAT YOU?
...which is included in the package of pretending to care deeply about interactive human relationships.
RT : I genuinely find myself hilarious.
Don't push yourself to you limit, push yourself past your limits. True victory is self victory!
She tweet me, I don't tweet her back cause my time line I be watching that.
It says on your Twitter description "good decision maker" REALLY????? In relation to who Howard????
Happy Birthday, Hanx!
Best things about the NCAA Tournament- 1. Bracket contests 2. Upsets 3. Favorite Team 4. Watching basketball at 12:30 pm on a Thursday :-)
...that women are attracted to Catholic priests because priests are untouchable, or unreachable, or inviolate, or something like that.
Damnn! All the Spanish teachers just suck!!
what website?
almost forgot
I need new bras.
Happy Friday everyone and thanks for following
TIme for a McDonalds break...need some breakfast energy. Some would say that it is time for some "good grease".....m.
definitely, well said!
in other words, no paraphrase, just poetic summary of the goals of interpretative sociology
no doubt
love it.
OPENING DAY IN SAN DIEGO - nothing much else to discuss.
Amazing! Packers > NFL
Talk Doesn’t Pay, So Psychiatry Turns to Drug Therapy- NY TIMES
. re: "snow white & the huntsman": "Charlize Theron asking the mirror who's fairer, and it shows Kristen Stewart? um, naah"
Can't wait to see if can compete with Miami 😏
I would but I have two finals on Tuesday of next week. Studying on the weekend is so much fun!
things I hate: mosquitos, people who ride their bikes on super low gears, peanuts
Lisa u kno u are the bomb...i compare most 2u..much luv 2u Lisa...keep killin em wit all that class u have..great PR peoples
it seems like a lot of people are. I've seen way too many movies.
thanks. Btw, you free today? 1:30-4pm to be a non speaking extra? Business attire. On campus.
That's a very loaded statement considering what you've described as pretty before. Lol.
Uh God...a John Mayer rewteet? Not going to take much more of that...
Off to the mall for some retail therapy, christmas edition: because I feel less guilty about spending money when I spend it on someone else
lol this guy RT : LOL RT : Im no longer a black man. The Black God
Well you suck.
I'm in flow chart purgatory.
Going to go see a show at tonight.
Poor baby
Look I'll just say it. Taylor Swift gets all the best dick in Hollywood and I'm pretty bitter about it.
I see the Acta slander on my timeline. I get it. I do. But offense had several chances to blow game open and didn't.
This be that real good shit nigga I'm hi then a mufucka
It will be very interesting to watch if copyright issues start to dog Pinterest.
Rajon Rondo said his right hand is fine, no long term ramifications. Also was pretty sassy. So, the usual.
See you at the Bar+Bistro Hangover Brunch ~ named by Travel+Leisure Magazine as one of Las Vegas' best new attractions! 11am-3pm
I feel positive energy for the west linn man whose fiance' is detained in syria. she will come home.
lol i dont mess with those randolph kids anymore
Lady is rockin a gold lame top at the gym. Power shirt?
we all are looking for that :)
You'll be missed Andrew ;-(
mase I just wanna thank you for all of ur years of service t the baltimore ravens, u exemplify what itmeans to play like a raven
Thanks for the #FF mention!!
you're goofy
I'm in the mood to #GiveObamaCreditfor..stuff. what do you want to give him credit for? use the hashtag. and
RT : I think I failed my web design Exam
Bring me Beer & Clamato!
nehehe. We honestly do.
Work real boring -__-
ARTIC worked with IMA (software development) and NGA (registration of image layers) on Getty funded project. Great collaboration.
hi!!!! big fan! U guys should come to Omaha NE were known for our corn!!! Lol :D
Wtf. #NickDiaz no-shows the #BJJ super fight. Such disrespect to
If I decide to not take my bio final...I will still get a B. "Oops sorry, I overslept. NBD."
send him home early so I can eat it sooner lol
what about roshon? ;)
please spare your followers
On the way to thaaaa beach. ~
lol I'm on it breh but I I never understand it you think they'll ever make one 4 retards
Garden of Goodness (named by a young gardener) at Friendship Court provides veggies for 50-60 families
buffalo to both :)
Florence May, #TRSOnline, speaker on Volunteer Mananagement Best Practices at #NASC12 this afternoon. Join in the discussion.
Lol. You are too!!
it's hailing and why aren't we on a two hour delay? :(
what channel is it on?
So please somebody if you have a video of rapping "boyfriend" from the show last night, send it to me. PLEASE!! :)
just congratulated for making it to the final 3. That just made me love him even more. 😘😍
#IThankGod for waking me up every morning. I'm so thankful <3
Juggernauts took over DC tonight!!
thanks for taking time to check us out!!
I think most people are not as excited as I am for all the holidays and lights and sparkles...CHEER UP, GRINCHES!
. Inquiring minds want to know - how exactly are we like a penitentiary?
Just went to Digital Art and Design and made a project even though I'm not in that class.
im jealous!
Happy mother's day to all the #WIUnion moms
I do taste good on nachos and on popcorn in powdered form
In wine, there's truth. The same goes for truth serum. And roofies. This has been an odd dinner party.
Wondering if I will still have a job after spins at for me tonight
Holiday Plate Deluxe w/maple seitan, roasted rainbow carrots, brussel sprouts, cippolini onions w/ fresh cranberry & balsamic reduction $15
that sucks!! Btw, I'm getting a tattoo in May. You must be there.lol :)
I'm working on it....
Never forget to daily dive into the trifecta of creativity: 1) Stay curious, 2) Explore what's around you and 3) make discoveries!
Success is sweet: the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats. A. Branson Alcott
aw damn she on that
Recieved an email addressed to "Lisss Ah" yes, that is the phonetic sound of my name but wow. Mr. Professional you sure made me laugh!
late for the last day of school! woohoo :D.
its a huge problem lol
Show starts in an hour!!!!
Update: kat smo kills it You go girl
No mozarella (sp?) so I loaded the sauce with parmesan. How will this affect the outcome, I wonder...
nice round number ! RT : if the brewers go 20-8 in their final games they will win 100 games!!!
I had a intense practice from 3-8
wants to be a ball boy, smh, lmao. Really Metta?
She a Bobby Soxer.
Argo Teas is giving out Free Samples! Check it out and let them know what you think!
did u miss me?
good stuff bruh, i h8 reasons lol
Oh yeah! That rocks!
I've been saying that too. Glasses are required.
Can't wait for the premier of the Bachelorette tomorrow! I'm in Charlotte today & saw 's interview in today's paper! Love her!
That's the North Loop place? Is it teensy inside?
Today 1969: Father Groppi leads several thousand welfare rights supporters into the Assembly Chamber protesting cuts in living allowances
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest.
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom."-General George Patton
Wow, Blake Griffin ladies and gentlemen...
Text me when ever you want I promise to respond (210)2949751i use that # to talk to my followers:)*its not my personal #,but it's still my#*
New energy code is a win-win for environment and business.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 31
Remember when you said you liked heavy rain? We got that here tonight. And tornadoes. D:
we should return to cobblestone streets and horse-drawn carriage. Imagine the nostalgic beauty.
Supreme Team killing it!
Making large CHECKS on Twitter is a snap...
love the name Roxie for a pooch!
is the best in the game. New album is sick!!!!
I expect pictures. (:
Is anyone else's #lanadelrey album delayed on Amazon?
RACK CITY BITCH RACK RACK CITY BITCH !
Was happy when they lost.
and drink lots of 🍻
yeah.. And do it bitch
shawty you a ten...minus 9 but you not the 1 for me
#bestbreakupexcuses I died
you're a good guard Nicholas, your queen would be proud.
hey yo, i miss you.
im not really sure what this is? but demi? just one question demi? where is that name from? it sure is differnet! in a good way!
Excellent. We'll work it out. BTW, where in the world are you?
yea if they make ladies like u in Toronto Im coming now!
I love Jane Cobb
February Special: FREE PICK-UPS! Call for details - 503-998-5357
happy to hear it :] What area you from?
yeah, girl! So proud of you & the band. Have so much fun playing SXSW!
RT ": I'm ballin like Lebron you know we shopping in Milan."
it's nice when corporate america walks by our sign, cause you know they can read "fuckyou!" hahahaha
what is the business?
Midnight. The highlight of my day.
Woke up this morning & my dream didn't come true. My apt didn't pack itself up...Looks like it'll be a mad dash before the movers come.
Great curriculum ideas from about students finding their way through libarts ed. Share narratives of experiences
Mermaidman & Barnacle Boy In The Flesh Gasp* . ( Spongebob )
Added the r9 from TaylorMade to our rental inventory. Reservation system is open but the sales page will not be ready until the weekend.
Please check out & follow our friend/model/actress/musician and star of our "Red Ink" music vid. Thanks!
" started following ConnorCorrupt" I don't know how many times I've gotten this in the past year haha.
Will be logged in skype for you ...
Does that mean you approve? ;)
doug collins on the bench like fuck yea xD
alien, why you bring me here?
Just popped ur CD in homie! This bitch is on point so far!! Hit me with the follow so I can share mine with ya. 1Luv
Anybody want a free 7" stack of Videographer magazines? Pick across from ACC Riverside? -H.Cherdon
But he's ALWAYS like that #takenote other #pitchers!
At the OAJC #pdxmayor candidates forum, a man told me I was a shining light in the race.
RT : “On the basic of food, heat and housing, we practice a don’t-ask, don’t-tell policy.”
#21CRadio Q5 Have you ever been in a situation where you wished you (or someone else) hadn't brought their mobile music device?
Thanks to all that came out to support our pancake breakfast / bake sale!
White rice, greens and salmon with ginger and green onion tonight. I might be from the west, but my body and mind like better far east food.
You don't understand I misunderstood
The best friendships STAY friendships. RT : the best relationships start off as friendships first.
I do think that benefit of the whole is greater than our privacy. Society is operating in a new way.
"You cannot be lonely if you like the person you’re alone with" - Dr. Wayne Dyer.
just gonna call me out on twitter. She's hanging with friends at Dave and Busters Saturday. That's what she decided. Lol.
Yours too...
Really surprised that Barry gave up the mount. He could have done some serious work from that position, but chose to go to side control.
OMG thank you!
Rays WON!!
I really want a gf though :/ lmao Any takers? Lmao
RIP to singing great Whitney Houston
. Retweet . Follow back ? Please !!
EMPTY!! WHERE MY HEART USED TO BE!!! Now I'm lookin in the mirror, I see, THIS MONNNSTERRRR THAT IS ME!!!!
Whats up #TeamKhleo?? It's been a while since I have been on here.
I take that back. Drinking this weekend. ;)
Setting context for Imagine K12... worlds critical challenges demand answers in ed, tech in schools has not shown full potential to date
Kristina it has NOTHING to do with me! I have moved on and Jaimee has too! I don't understand where this all is coming from??
Would love Zane Lamprey's life.
The white iphone or the black....
Actually, I'm colder than a penguin's pussy.
I got tired of drowning mf's... It got boring. But this fro shit gettin old to, so its back to what I know so well...
u better eat that cornbread lol
Netflix streaming. Go catch up. It's worth it.
Just noticed that we have a subject file in our stereoview collection for "Wax." Wondering if I should go see what's in it.
want to grab a slice today if you have time?
im god n u
I totally agree lol
We can play Journey at his house while enjoying the Flatness IPA.
how long will it be before u come to tin roof Steven said
my grandma dieed on 031509 u will b missed grandma <3
Oh, shucks!
What a day!!! Working on a couple projects for clients. Who's ready @ Transformers 3 Premier =)
are you okay?
We are working directly w/the datacenter to resolve this issue as quickly as possible & apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
That was by far one of the scariest dreams ever.
"Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies." --Ralph Waldo Emerson <WOW>
The marathon grading of 39 exams in 24 hours begins. PJs? Check. Cookies? Check. Pandora? Check. What am I missing?
SMILE BIG!
Lookin Forward to hearing the new project!!!
He's beyond silly, he is. ;p
We try to provide the highest level of service while keeping prices competitive; we hope you consider using us in the future.
Wanna catch & this summer ? has tix at 730!
Keep your heart close to mine.We'll take one step at a time.......<3
608 was good...now taking Kar to #TollyHo for the first time!!
When my mom "K"s me
just finishing up school and pretty soon I have to go job hunting wish me luck!!
Yes ma'am! RT : Good mornin' ladies. Will I see you tonight at event?
Was asked to put together a proposal for an #innovative #snl type show for the #dtla artwalk... now to start brainstorming.
only question: can we work there?
Ouch, another truther exposing his tendency to believe fancy conspiracies over obvious facts.
lol vacation are never long enough
Supply shopping for tonight and painting our car for the Stagecoach Carpool Convoy!!!!
Thanks for the RT, sweetie!
New February flavors: Mango Sorbet, New Orleans Praline, Banana Pudding and Espresso. You *NEED* to try these, trust me.
Also: I peed a little.
will get back to you tomorrow
Re: movies.... I agree. RT : A story is what counts. Not the actors telling it?!:0)
All the children left to go trick or treating. Ah, silence in the library
I know 30 more days of school days!!!!!!!!!
Now comes the scramble to find a blue screen.
yes sir.
Couldn't agree more RT God I can watch Valverde get smoked all night long. Couldn't happen to a bigger douchebag.
Great meetings today...!
Good morning Monday! Good morning Minneapolis! Let's do this!
