tweetdeck, I love and hate you so much
You should never let one dark cloud cover the entire sky. The sun is always shining on some part of your life. Go get a tan!
is pretty chill. I need to hang with that kid more.
just watched the directors cut of #chronicle . Loved the extra footage that built more of a bond between Andrew and Steve.
#Bars RT you ain't from russia, so bitch why you rushing (russian) hahaha
oh lol so he gettin out, jus no time soon
What do you look for in a sci fi or fantasy novel?
Haha thanks Jill, I love that song. How you been?
Attention nearby #OccupyVA folks! RT : Tomorrow's action is against the Tar Sands. Meet @ McPherson @ 5:30. Flash mob
Registering at bloomies home store!!
this teacher thought i was sniffing my nail polish bottle, lofl
All I got to say is: Massachusetts Supremacy 4 ever...best state...New Hampshire...it's like Texas on the north....
marry christmas jason. do you have to work on jesus's birthday?
I just wanna kiss you . But I can't right now so baby kiss me thru your twitter.
what did you do?
WHAT an amazing life I have. I send you all love hugs and kisses.
Back to work then off to kats!!
lol how many of you thought Dubstep was a dance?
Lol, no kidding! When the day is moving faster than you, and that list just keeps getting longer! :-)
While all of DC is at the Verizon Center tonight, and I will be at the Nats game, blissfully ignoring any Caps updates :)
Peace put Jazz.. Should have never been in the postseason period.
Miranda, thanks for listening to our stories!
soon soooooonnnn!!!! Bring my wallet
".....has not the surplus power exercised on the subjected body of the condemned man given rise to another type of duplication?" D&P, p.29
you are my biggest idol what you do is incredible visiting the sick children :) <3 so down to earth
Sure, as long as you re-write the content. Great for backlinks and traffic!
Why do we fixiate on an engineering failure like Titanic? Enough already.
FOLLOW US ALEX ♥♥
Always great to be w/ & talking education, workforce & economic development. Keep up the great work gentlemen.
Thanks for all of your RT's! I appreciate it!
lol I see you going in.
Well spoken
Wired World of Sports Episode 4 is now up and available on iTunes
Thanks for the hospitality. I have thoroughly enjoyed your reviews for a long time.
:) I've got to go back and listen to it. I don't remember a thing I said.
spotify ads are killing me, like every 3 songs
Yes I do! It's Just got back from Germany though, so updates are just starting up again.
no homo...
Been thinking along those lines. We should knock heads in the coming days. :)
hey were hanging dis weekend
Great 2 be with Ex-UW greats #LukeSwan & #TarekSaleh at Sturge Weber event! Great players giving back. Swan is on the links!
i hate awkward conversations with the cashiers at wal-mart
Improv funny starts 9pm at Big Dog Theater tonight!
I think that was my 10,000th tweet - I wanted it to be about something fun, one I love, a little DC, and oh, so me. : )
That man had him a good night the other night hah my n-word
I'm country strong, hard to break
thank to for following us,
psn more please
Happy Halloween everyone! :)
I knew I should have bought snow boots.
Street tacos in Old Town San Diego with #1 daughter makes my day!
Got the nicest compliment about an undergrad lecture I gave: "you did an AMAZING job; the class was buzzing on the way out :)" Aww! :)
which is why Tim+Pop will get the 1 for the thumb RT : don't have a bench, they have a second set of starters.
Had pears canned by my mom and an egg from my in-laws' chickens for breakfast.
No matter what I do this TV won't turn over. So I'm stuck watching Bargain Hunt for an hour. Mint.
Nothing bro. Haha
Does baby oil lay it down? (ok im done)
me is so very bored someone talk to me? :/
i heard nicki minaj made a sex tape with big sean, on the radio this morning :0
Soledad is one of your sorors? I had no idea lol
Zombie dreams are the best.
yeah Kornelia just told me! Is it with other bands too?
Get an iPhone Mr. Morgan. We'd then be able to appreciate your photos as much as we appreciate your words.
When dance competitions run an hour early <
I'm not anti-social, I just don't pretend to like your bullshit
1-0 Saint Peters at the end of one! Starting to become a VERY chippy game! !
Latin Night @ Sky Lounge! 2nd St. & Washington.2 Story Night Club. Party All Night!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top 40!!!
Now watching: Dr. Dolittle
Soirées de St. Pétersbourg ("The Saint Petersburg Dialogues", 1821), de Maistre, is a disturbing counter-enlightenment text
follow me...
how is the neighborhood? Any recent incidents or has everything been uneventful?
Can you give me a recap of the Flyers, Penguins game last night? I forget what happened, Crosby does too
Walking under the rain.... :) love it! Better than been high ... YOLO
Joel Ward, I like you but as they say in Nashville....it's all your fault, it's all your fault, it's all your fault...
Pringles: It's what's for dinner
Thanks so much for #FF! I appreciate you! Have a wonderful weekend:)
I can't help it if I enjoy affection.
ah that sounds ah-mazzzinggg lil oil, u good!!
I like your pledge, but U & I may have slightly diff goals. Youre concerned w/ getting money out of politics...
Honey, I just finished drinking breakfast. You've got to give the liver a little time to digest.
lol oh yeah
Who ready to party with me at CLUB FLIRT in LaMirage???
I have the Spurs. But either way would be fun.
our 11th and 12th grade stdnts just successfully lobbied for facebook not to be banned for them
True dat! RT : this is a caricature of US junk food that is Onion-worthy.
aka don't think about things just blindly believe them and don't talk to people with opposing beliefs.
I'm pretty sure that's not it. Lol
#GreysAnatomy season finale.
#salsa & #bachata bands and party tonite at Millennium Hotel downtown #STL! Tremendous party guaranteed! Also, dance performances!
wow just seen them two Blake Griffin dunks on Gasol smh just terrible
I ALWAYS know something you dont . .
The chicken in the commons lolllol.
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
np! yea i can't afford to get hacked anymore smh
Agreed. Way to go #Packers!
Never too early for some margs and sangria
hey cutie ;)
LOL...meant to type MOT. Hilarious!
Jason Peters ruptured his Achilles Tendon TWICE this offseason. His career is over, Sorry Eagles lol
": I have been in the travel industry for 14 years. Experience does matter when booking your vacation. #travel"Go for the best!
the way she looks
My girls are inside cooking dinner. I'm in heaven :D
#ILoveItWhenYou stay true to being a gentleman, even to another gentleman, like myself. #homo #lovesit ^_^
need to acknowledge how your public acknowledgement of continued "friday" watching makes me love you more.
Bed. Then getting up and blowing my students' minds by telling them that Robert Frost's The Road Not Taken might not be inspirational.
RT : Curious to see how this #SalesForce #oow11 keynote thing plays out. Maybe retweeted once to many this week?
RT : Something #thatcamp demonstrates clearly: conferences don't need to performativity of the classic panel.
hey sarah. do you know what happened to idil {}?
Heading back to NJ...what a GREAT weekend!
Random News: DiCaprio 'to make Bollywood film debut' with Xtreme City!
If you enjoy seeing innocent animals being killed, you're nothing but a piece of shit waste of life...
Lmao! That's hilarious!!!
just learned about your twilight tours. Can't wait to schedule!
Never would have pegged you for a Stagecoacher!
"Why? The answer is simple: Music is a cultural artifact, and the culture has moved on."
Because clearly I'm rocking the high school music tonight with some Chumbawamba and O.A.R.
hey :D how are ya?
I get nervous every time Bryz goes to handle the puck.
yes sir!
says "oh, i thought you might be from israel, because of your accent." needless to say, that made her pretty amazing
You guys are amazing and cute... ;)
justin i love u with all my heart ..pleasee follow me.? Xo
Au Bon Pain always teases me by putting a ton of hummus with only 4 cucumber slices. How do I eat the rest of the hummus? W/my FINGERS? OK.
oh so you could still see her
busy man!
Looking forward to brining a beautiful baby into the wild with in 2012. Y'all need to get to get ready. March will be crazy!
I think became best twitter bros last night, idk.
I got you Jerry, would love s follow back from an NFL legend.
Working all day and will be thinking of everyone, especially RAS, who is on the East Coast <3 ily RAS
You know society, if you wouldn't make me so uncomfortable I wouldn't always be so awkward.
god some people are so rude
Thanks for the follow and
I can't wait to touch down in broward co wit my nigga the next big thing in broward we gonna get money mitches and fame watchh
small steps still get you there.
grr did chris go inside already? I was just there
is convinced that FlyPaper is really slick and worth purchasing.
I WILL get that hat back this weekend.... just FYI.
No homework for mee :)
Cops just searched my car twice over a parking ticket. Wtf
Got it..hope you have a good day
all these girls look pretty bad on these small twitter avatar pics... soon as you click on their page and then they're busted...
Just say it: #scienceissexy RT : DNA has never been so fascinating. arms and guts and plankton tows.
<--- Finally... New twitme
Today was demo day Got to see lots of new stuff that customers and partners are going to love.
Great idea! RT : I think the world is ending, and that means it's time to go to Lennox for an Iced Toddy.
Have you ever woke up pissed Or Happy at someone because of something they did in your dream? I wish it was real.
You smell... good.
#AdWars PTSD: Headphones and coffee are my friend this AM. Props to and her crew for a great night. Congrats
RT : Psssst, Mother Nature, it's mid May.
I think so. Maybe is better to ask about student writing blog post.
Really like the way Manny Acta has the playing ball. Kinda National League feel to this game.
Both of you weigh less than me. LOLOLOLOL
hmm...I might be sleep. Lol....you good
#FF Can all you folks please follow , need to get him up over 200 followers, he's close. Best car service in Boston, hands down.
thats why the fight the fights in the ring and not on paper
any bike shops in north hollywood/burbank that carry 24" bmx wheels and tubes??
Getting put in the cemetery.
That's what a determined people can do in 18 days.
? : Are you going to Wine in the Woods this weekend? #witw12”
Favorite person of the day award goes to.. for the grand opening of ! The cookies are bonkers!!! Red velvet for your life!
did you mean *new or did you mean: "great... no avatar photo" :-)
Well I am up and bout to start another week of working I hope I can get some extra hours so I can have over time
My Ice Is So Cold It Should Come On A Cone .
Attention RT Also needed to write for the site: women who live in places other than NY and LA.
you're welcome. Your family is an inspiration to all of us.
Glad you got everything worked out with Hope to see you at web414 soon!
The pen with the bent wrist crooked king, sign away our peace.
Nashville? Huh?
Is it broken or do you not want to get an email if I wanted to be contacted for more info later? Opt in of course!
The Panda is on Virgin America heading west! Hands down the best Airline! On flight TV, great new plane, awesome staff, and plenty of bamboo
Check out Google today. It's cool!
I don't know why I have a Twitter, I have nothing to say but stupid bullshit that no one will care about ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Experience is important to getting a "real" job eventually, right now. Unpaid internships can be very important, for ex.
Spinnin at The MotherLoaded Tavern Tonight on Thanksgiving eve! Come get your dance on B4 the big feast!
I never have gotten the appeal of #signingday. 10 hours of coverage on ESPNU seems to be a little much. Sports over-saturation?
Molly quit Twitter today. I blame Ted Genoways.
at home chillin
Good night twitter this new future got me in my zone everyone have a blessed night
You can do anything you set your mind to(:
Don't be so humble-you are not that great
Way too much sleep last night...I'm a four am DYNAMO!!!
Floyds cocky as shit but backs it up. I'd be fine with a rematch, but would rather see Mayweather vs. Pacman
Facebook is like jail, you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you don't know.
I'm going to shower. Someone DM or reply for me to follow them before I get back. :)
I think I'll tell my story from the beginning: June 7 in the early 80s in Memphis, TN. My bday is called "The day of the entertainer."
what do I have to do to get a follow from you?
If you thought to ask the question: "Am I ruining burning man?" the answer is Yes. Burning man is dead.
Working your Ass off Avril all the time!!!"
i like twitcon :)
im so excited!!!
i seen you at school & watched you walk across the stage!
but why tho?
Was hoping to test out my car in snow this morning, instead got to test it in traffic and dirty water. Worked great in that though.:-)
Enjoy the vacation, and let us know if we can help out when you return!
Awww, I want Sookie and Eric to get together!!!
Happy Easter Everyone
Thanks for the follow Let's get together and put a good show sometime in the near future.
First time I've been in a cab when the sober chick barfed...
I chastised you for sharing library-related info. Because the librarians will always the non-libs when it comes to info sharing.
who Drew.? I wanna go curl up in a hole and stay there for a while.
dude what r some decent restaurants with vegetarian menus in the southside?
Break out the ponchos!!
625 tomorrow we do it ": i want one direction tickets MORE THAN ANYTHING!!
nothing better than souring an amazing outing by any Phillies pitcher. Cliff Lee is incapable of crying but i hope some fans are.
I leave out tomorrow midday going to MD
your welcome
To Tweet or not to Tweet? That is the question...
when starts blasting in the store & i start putting on a mini concert for everyone here :p
Which draft pick will have the strongest rookie season, and which team, overall, had the best draft, picks wise?
I know right for me lately though its Wake up Call for me
The disappearance of the Middle class in America is happening
8k had to fold AJ on AK39 in a hu pot but fishie was nice enough to show me A9
Good dilemma? Wedding same day as concert at The Plaza! 1.6 mi b/w the 2!
magwa dominating red coats = seal team sooks dominating osama
Cold cuts for dinner tonight yummy........
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
Respect deserved due to age...regardless of tactics.
Yeah, but you're in my target demographic. #thepersonalisuniversal?
beRecruited Play of the Day: If a coach doesn’t e-mail you back right away, don’t be discouraged. Keep trying, it can’t hurt!
Yes, test run first. This is Reggie using Heidi's account
We are performing "LIVE" tonight at Cocktails...8pm-until...$10 cover...4 for 1 Martinis!!!!! COME OUT AND HANG WITH YO BOYS!!!
I'm still in Baltimore, but I get up to New York every couple of months. How soon do you get there?
Happy New Year ! Looking forward to showing you around the #HolyLand in 2012! We hope you can join us too!
Had a fantastic meeting with the crew. Thank you guys for everything!
Good night. xoxo
Live jazz tonight at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo 6-9 pm hemmingwaysbistro.com
chore day 4 the kids tomorrow!! lol
I love my cats. I really do, but they can be so annoying at times.
Thanks for a fun season Reds! Kentucky basketball starts Friday....
The Germs- Circle One
I'm starting to smell tacos >.> I'm officially hungry ;c
just met the team at #SXSW...so, do you run shuttles anywhere? Downtown only? Or just between conference venues?
My college, Elon Unviersity, had one called E-squared that was quite similar to Facebook. It wasn't very active.
Just realized somebody stole my f'ing 7 iron when I was at Golfsmith. What the FUUUU.
Happy New One!
dude...its a pedometer.
CCF asked MN Dep Security to provide MN students going abroad with same protections foreign students receive in MN. He said “It makes sense”
haha good to hear. How's it feel for your little bro to introduce you to a band?
- Harder Than It Looks: Building Software That Actually Works at
Thanks for the verification Twitter, & thank you new followers! Love ya!!
Perhaps, but this cert. focuses on sustainable site development, H20 savings, energy efficiency & health codes of buildings
I hate when a tv show has a really good plot but has horrible actors.
The thoughtful soul to solitude retires.
I'm still bumpin other 2 mixtapes and this new one go super hard
I wanna get it.
Wow, so many great people to follow. Looking forward to
I wish Obama would just invoke the 14th and get it over with. If he'd come out with Boehner's plan today, the GOP would have rejected it.
#JacksRedSaloon will be screening '"Mistura"- The Power of Food' & 'Hispanosophy' at noon! Be there!
Miss Camai has gathered different youth once again to create ways in promoting Suicide Awareness in the YK Delta!
“The frontier is both outside and inside.” - poet Michael McClure
No! This sounds stupid but I'm too scared to send fan mail! :)
Do you have songs that you need to have copyright. Contact MEA.
Thomas Kinkade, popular painter, devout Christian & lover of God has died, at the age of 54. Peacefully at rest, walking alongside Christ.
Just got to Gypsy Bar in Greenpoint and found out it is their last night. All booze has to go. 159 Greenpoint Ave. Pass it on.
dang it's windy!
Thank you to the Friars Club for hosting our "Power Play: Up Close with Women in the #Golf Industry" event today!
When were you staring at me? I don't remember this.
Ugh Test Tomorrow -_- buhh today was fun with my bo at lunch... 12/12/11 up :')
trying to watch High school High lol
This is probably the worst football game I have ever watched.
Warcraft Gold Blueprint free consultation
Follow Me Back ^_^
chilling to jazz on a Saturday night pretty grand
did you close your youtube account
i suppose.. you are just dying for human interaction since you have been exiled to the freezing corner.
in what?
what's up big daddy how's life treating Ya?
you should 'doily' and keep it romantic.
omfg madison lololololol im gonna pretend im sick so i can go home and be with you <333
That bowtie was ON POINT!!!!
Yep...I spelled it wrong... "herding"
Follow ? Tweet Me , Maybe ? LOVE YOUU <3
Happy sunny Tues
Boni gets a hit!
I learned about it last year and spent a good two weeks straight watching every episode! I'm so excited for the new season!
Hope the reboot includes CAT MOM HUGS KITTEN No1 by &
consider it done pal! If you could RT me from time to time I'd really appreciate it.
What? That's crazy talk HM!
RT RT : RT if you think there should be an ICONicBoyz poster! =) ( I expect a lot of retwéets
yikes! you might have dry eye syndrome! very common
": hell yeah what time" like 645 ish and tex me the address
Little survey: would you watch foodie TV and see how we would cook German food?
PS.... & myself are targeting the Sep race at Loudon!
Joshua's going home! FINALLY
Dinner over at #casadebooty with
I like the idea of students building their own digital exhibits in Omeka.
I don't min much anyway, so no biggie. More annoying is remembering when to cmd-tab and when to cmd-~. (and ffox, ctrl-tab)
SpineScope can treat spinal stenosis with laser surgery.
does does www
Yes, thank you very much for the quick response!
hey, just doing a twitter pd so sending test tweet. ignore
were you the fans that were brought on stage in LA? if you were, you're so lucky!
you're just jealous I didn't pick you for my SPORTS BALL TEAM
Not feeling so hot
you got it, evan, consider yourself followed by keilstudios.
Stop worrying about your messy hair, your eyeliner and your curvy body. One day you'll find a guy that won't care about it.
thanks Steve.
It's 8am somewhere, right? So....I can eat.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Follow Me PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
fishing, nice! Did u catch one "this big"? :) LOL
That right there is some math! Nice!
a few more weeks!
If I hear another rapper say, "ima follow you like twitter" I'm gonna throw up in my mouth.
Looking forward to watching NM in Focus tomorrow. They're talking with Mayor Richard Berry and APD Chief Schultz about police shootings.
What the fuck are you up to man? Besides making chilli videos!!!
Obama news conference he says there is no answer for rising gas prices...we have to look within ourselves. What???!
:( i dont know! Hahaha I should still buy season tix lmao. But it's like what $200??
Didn't do anything last night to deserve the headache I've had all day today. Probably just
Today was great and tonight will be better!!!!
Florida sucks.
I'm appalled that the free service I'm in no way obligated to use keeps making changes that mildly inconvenience me
#themainetour favorite present from fans?
is crazy. And tweeting back and forth is far better than either phone or e-mail.
Thank you Sgt. Matthew Mount for your service to this country. It was an honor to meet you. I wish the best for you and your family.
Plan your marketing! #strategy RT : "Don't let your PR get ahead of product quality."
“Even if you stumble, you’re still moving forward.” Just get up and keep going!
RT : Why can't life be a rock opera?
Heading to ORD early just so that I can grab dinner by before heading home to Denver!
At Liz's Sweet Sixteen! :)
Yes! The is amazing. When my wife revisits her Colorado College friends we stay there.
Heard on this morning :) now dying to try Table 926 in PB
Please come out and support Dr. Riba's Health Club on May 4th for our second annual fundraiser, "Fit Fiesta!" We will have prizes, raffles,…
just negotiated 4 bottles of The Colonial Estate Exile 2005 at a great price, and half a case of 2006 Freemark Abbey Cab. LIFE IS GOD!
Oops; wrong Jamie king handle on previous tweet
RT : apparently my tweet was spotted on a board today! are they running on north and oakland too? :) <-every location
TLC is currently back-to-back David Blaine specials. Enjoy.
Let's do this! Dayton OH tonight @ Canal Street Tavern w/ the RedTone Sixes!
I call it like I see it.. Got a problem? State it. I'm not hard to find & I don't mind finding you.
Is Chris Rock Benjamin Button?
Portlanders are confused if they actually have to attend Occupy Portland. "I live here, so I'm basically always occupying Portland, right?"
I had such fun at #InfoCamp, met so many great people, and can't wait for next year!
I'm s Knicks fan, but I also know the game of basketball...with players becoming healthy minutes will be scarce...
Are you kidding
If you are using my Writing A Great Script Fast process to develop your story structure, watch out for starting too soon.
The awkward moment when you’re that one friend who always gives relationship advice but is still single.
what are you doing frifay
With help from a friend who is more superhero than mere mortal, my show at Edward Hopper House will be delivered & hung tomorrow. Opens 5/19
Condolences to Former Mayor Daley of Chicago... in the passing of his wife Maggie. Our prayers are with you!
were u bruh
Will be awesome for that's a victory for them
Feeling good about being back with Android
Welcome to our new board co-chair, ! We look forward to your leadership.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Breath Remedy Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
What the heck are people doing?? The radio is out and the aux jack is all effed up. Good grief!
I guess a 19 character password is probably secure enough for my wifi, right?
I feel that no one is taking my half birthday seriously guys
GET YOUR ASS ON THE FLOOR
When I'm down, I think "Atleast I have an amazing boyfriend."
care package alert!
Hey New New!!!
why are you up
Thx for sharing. Saying "no" is hard when it's "for the kids", like volunteering @ school. Good tips!
I'm around jelly niggas all the time
Totally! Cheap cover, cheap drinks, great tunes and awesome ladies - what's not to love?
Catch us on GenTV (Channel 8) tonight at 9! Our CEO will be talking about the importance of VPK.
My stomach is starting to hurt because I've had the hiccups for like 10 minutes. The paaiinnn
Sad that doesn't care about the rights of Texan women...but not surprised...
Now i get too watch the rest of bad girls club ; didnt get to finish it !
Watching Kevin Hart funny ass
The average #American consumes 167 bottles of #water a year!
only if you bought a legit copy
no special requests. :-) it seems Denver is really busy this week so if you guys happen to have something it would be awesome!
Great night at Grotto. Tonight i'll be dropping the beats at Area 31 with dj Tonyc...... See y'all tonight.......
Follow our lovely script supervisor
I concur!!!
Perfect Day Off!!!
Bitches Love to Hate me.
Making excuses ONLY excuse you from progressing. Don't be self-defeated.
How'd your presentation go? And jealous that you're going to the beach! :)
My start line committee is ready to rock this weekend at the Mini Marathon. Blessed to be working with great people.
Happy Saturday everyone!!! Hope your day is going great ;-)
he is great, so what does a woman need to do to help her man and support him?
I got nothing left to lose.
What is your favorite Cancerbrick so far? Check out some who have already made theirs! www.cancerbricks.com
depends on what you mean by web design. ATEC has a heavy focus on animation. EMAC on journalism/media web content.
It felt like a big detour. I mean, I'm glad I did it, no regrets, but ready to start librarianing.
I would have gotten violent today without the support and help of two lovely gentlemen: & Thank you, guys.
Get your GF swerve on tonight!! Beer Tasting. Ford Bld near SE 11 & Division, Portland, OR. 5-8 p.m.
Is it me or does Toby Anstis sound like a gay
I think America voted and it should stick. Clearly we dont want another Whitney, Mariah, Beyonce...overdone, boring BLAH
I will pass on the ham - but am good with the student loans. Can you do something about the crappy governor I have too?
court in a couple of hours
if they cancel Community, I'm going to be livid pissed
3 assignments done, 3 A's.
pics or it didn't happen
The softball size #hail continues to rain down here in the
I have two (2) great books I could read, a new movie I could watch, and the mood to work on a story. Why can't everyone be as lucky as I am?
Work was fun tonight!!! Lmao "I Got That HD Pussy"
CAM174 spotted in Jax Fl..sorry no pic, dude cut me off trying not to miss his exit
Met a really cute boy from Chicago last night. :)) I'm glad he got to meet my friends. :))
Still sick. Throat feels like razor blades. I just want to get better so miss less gymtime. Resting and watching
MEGA Brands inks licensing deal with Mattel - Proactive Investors USA & Canada
I just sneezed on myself. Gross.
Except for google+, no one uses that.
#pranksterontheloose , this show WILL make me in a good mood ;D
Barney Frank just made a 420 joke on a medical marijuana amendment on the floor. God I will miss that guy.
ha that's awesome! And I agree with the book!
Home from North Carolina! What a fun trip! :)
asian girls everywhere, U-C-L-A!
That's what we said a week ago! RT Honey Badger don't care. He'll sell out and do a TV commercial. bit.ly/r1NUxV
Aight the dancers are bad do you agree ?
Destroy what destroys you.
Renaissance Hotels opens first Hotel in Pearl River Delta - Breaking Travel News
Should have a landing page up soon, just waiting for the domain transfer to finalize. I'll post a link when it goes live.
22nd of May, tickets on sale soon, have been unavoidably delayed by repairs, alas. But soon!
Having a box of teddy grams and some juice would make the fact that I've been up since 3:45 much more enjoyable.
Want to know more about text message marketing Text PROOF to 41242
Lots of good blocking out going on. Gold team got 4 offensive rebounds in a row!
Got some of my voice back just in time to be a
i'm a pro at crastinating.
Got my Google+ invitation today. I am very excited about this.
Hahaha..sure. RT : its definitely you (:
Come on Who Dat Nation! Why so quiet?
Interestingly enough I've been using the web client a ton recently due to the retweet and list features that have been added.
Love all, trust a few. William Shakespeare
i loved the video it was soo cute! :)
Do not regret growing older, it is a privilege that far too many do not have.
#18conf Brian Samuels is on target about social emotional development of children
go outside & scream.
When Gene eventually announces Spaz's firing, I hope someone asks him why Spaz was ever hired in the first place.
And that's the truth...with some cheese on it. Bout time I guess
Free farmhouse tours + fun activities + shop local Artisans/Fresh Food/Produce 10am-3pm! Historic ESCONDIDO!
Noticed what?
I'm more tired now than I was before my second cup of Joe.
I would not be the man I am today without God. Jesus mends cold hearts!
Big day at Tudor Fieldhouse for Rice MBB! Rivalry game against UH, senior night, chance for 18 win regular season!
Yeah that word does not exist anymore
Watching "Lost in Translation"
man i don't feel good at all..
RT : New hype term: Submission based Development or shorter Submissive Dev (SD).It's lk yr Standard Deviate!
Saying random numbers when someone is counting to make them lose count.
Khloe and Lamar finally part one in 40 minutes....
definitely the grossest thing I've read in a while
if it wasn't for parking, i'd be dead asleep right now.
I just received an invitation to audition for the School at Steppenwolf!
thanks! It's almost done.
How the F do you use instagram
I have not. SHOULD I? :)
Drake ain't fell off! Hands down!
wanna be prez? Give 75% of your fortune to Vietnam vets. You'll win.
...if he got anywhere near your place, you have everything on record of what he did, and if he assaulted you, that's essentially.
HAPPY JAZZ THURSDAY!!! A beautiful day in Chicago!
Fuck Wat da t.v's and da color brochures show u, dis Miami shit ain't where u wana be! V.I.P. to All My Fallen Soldiers
I think the sincerity with which I fall in love with my morning coffee or tea is one of those things that sets me apart from the masses.
Swing by to see in action for today's FREE #SaturdaySips - 2-4pm. Pouring his all-time favorites, like Ulacia Txakoli & Porque No
Josh Beckett is pitching at Fenway on his birthday. This has juicy possibilities.
The original cast recording of Company is one of the best musical recordings ever. Stritch= amazing.
RT : RT : Wow...via 50% of print advertising has disappeared since mid 2000s.
oh really? When is it? I'll put it on my calendar.
good division win last night!
Pretty much. RT : GOProud email: "Romney Message to Goldwater Conservatives: Drop Dead"
totally ridiculous. The theater I was in boo-hoo'd at Rue's death. Thresh was perfectly played. Idiots can stick their racism
Your ugly and you show it
Dragon tattoo - intense, solid thriller. I was wincing at times. Not for the faint of heart.
The great guys at are working double time to get the vinyl done in time for the shows this weekend! Thanks guys!
no barnes & noble discovered my favorite genre, and now sends me a bajillion emails with amazing books! goodbye, rent money.
ThanksBritney for all of your awesome songs
We should alert the RIAA
few really know what you are
Going to interview Nancy Ellen Dodd and Cliff Sheipe today for the Writers' Radio Resource. Listen up!
chase it with alcohol!!!
instead of doing my homework i like to stay on the computer and worry about how much homework i have to do
But you aint pimpin no bitches cause you flawed
Walking it out on side of the road with garage sale sign...
any good advice to share?
Sad To Say But Sum People On Yr TL Will Be Poor And/Or Homeless
It looks like that watch I e-mailed you! The one that I'd like to own! A lot. ::wink wink::
keeps following & unfollowing me. Don't know how to take it. I'll resist making midget car jokes.
knowing that a certain person has a Kindle makes gift book buying a little more complicated.
all day
Aug Co & Stn Dems on 2012 GA: deep partisanship. Right wing extremists control Va GOP. Dems to fight GOP
Why are some people so shady?
RT : RT : If you can't join us at conference, follow us at #WFFConf12 for updates and key learnings from the...
Does ever donate team accounts to non-profits?
We've created a quick logo for our unconference in December! What do you think?
Tomorrow is April make it your goal to learn how a life coach can guide you, I would be happy to explain :)
It's Friday which means the weekend is almost here, is anyone else ready for Saturday to come already ???
I thought you were the mayor of berry winkle?
at house just chilling on fifa :)
I was standing in the middle of midtown Manhattan eating my lunch and didn't notice the 5.9 earthquake. I guess the food was really good!
was quietly ignored. then: anonymous email address from "library decorating committee"
Doing the heart with Austin at the end of an AUSTREAM even though he can't see you #ItsAMahomieThing (:
Go you! I'm at 136 right now. Ug.
Looking for my lightsaber someone needs a good a$$ kicking!!!!!
Never tried stickin papa smurf to the bathroom...nvm
I love playing music when I take naps, but then I never fall asleep because I want to stay up and listen to the song. No winning.
why, thank you!
North Carolina a Front in Democrats x2019; Battle for House Many Democrats have decided to retire rather than risk defeat in newly config
but I love photography better
How do the girls who get fan calls from the Boyz NOT flip out? Id prob cover the phone, and scream so loud they'd hear me down the street..
PRINCETON: Princeton rated as a Top 20 small town
Thanks so much for coming to #QBM11 today! Should've gotten a pic w/you three. xo
I haven't been on twitter in a while, A LONG TIME
I think I might get this whole watermelon
but me, i can tweet all day and night
never actually did, but I had a friend who did. May have been at the same place. I'm from Mequon myself.
there is a nail place in the Archstone Ballston Square building.
People, have started making up their own rules, when it comes to, using commas.
i think u should guve it a shoot:-)
WTF R U talking bout, on my laptoop right now it let me pick the seats and its ton of seats on mainflorr still
": Saxon math controls my life." // worst math books ever!!!
Making this test my bitch💪👊RT : Still up studying at 5am. 5 Alarms going off in 2 hours...
USC plays like the cougs, now I know why I don't like watching them play.
It's sort of a weird situation because it is what everyone wanted, but now it's like where do they go from here?
Mazel Tov Camille Shotwell Brown (Spertus Learning Resource Manager) & husband Scott on the birth of your 2(!) beautiful babies!
not sure all what is thinking, but I kinda want to pass by
and before leaving, Welcome:
The Rain makes me wanna stay in bed, I just love it!! :)
Oh, and we know that's not a real word. It just came up. (but maybe it SHOULD be a word!)
THIS RT : Butt-Crunchingly Exhausted [def] State of mind in which "butt-crunchingly" seems like it would make a good adjective
Protests at NATO Summit in Chicago. A lot of bad movies, but why take it out on the National Assoc. of Theater Owners?
You're welcome! Hope it was an awesome day for you and !
What a throw to Davis!!!!!!
Anger arises when desire is interrupted.
don't be sorry that's the str8 truth.
tell me about it...ran good last week...this week not so much!
Hello Chris, just wanted to say pleasure chatting with you this afternoon. (Malcolm)
Your welcome.(:
Turkish delights from are the perfect after work treat.
Starting to wonder how long until Walker is dragged down by this John Doe investigation. Certainly looks unavoidable now.
gotta give the #Nuggets credit. I understood your fears today.. Gotta lead the show and give props tomorrow.
I feel so heartless
Thats the only way to be..... RESPECT DMV Merciless Umbrella
Today, I will be planning on how to spend my lotto winnings. Tonight, I will be drowning my disappointment in Ramen Noodles and Natty Ice.
I love fried green tomatoes. Where are you having them?
Thanks for the shout out! RT : thanks for the shoutout. Credit really goes to our media consultant
How Are You <3
I see occasional great pieces, but also a lot of link bait not-so-feminist pieces for a so-called feminist site.
check ur email. Something new, a lil different but could be a single...
Trying to act like I don't care sucks...
I fucking hate you mike.. Srsly can I not be happy without u trying to be so dramatic
Port Townsend is the center of the universe tonight. Ripple raced today. Film at 11
follow back.? <3
Do you guys have a website?
When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.
Nah lol that's just fucking with a girls emotions -.- just get at the one you actually like
Awesome new floors!
Several of us have the iPad 2 and are happy with it; the retina display and quad core A5X on the new iPad has us drooling though.
Mm.... You can... If you want... So a derek or Tyler hoechlin pic?
Thanks for following me
Earthquake in Tokyo! Not a big one. Haven't felt one of those in a long time!
what did you get?
it wasn't even that fucked up
thanks for saying hey while you were here
Ducks lead
i love cleaning my room
Tenured teachers & congress. 2 places where low public rating & poor results don't matter…
Interesting to follow the new trends in sports biz and how purchasing and marketing are effected by technology
Roller coasters are amazing<3
follow me
I can't believe my last day of work is tomorrow.
AWESOME, Good luck in getting much work accomplished! I have an open weekend, so tomorrow finishing two books that I'm re
Someone laughing about saying f'you in prayer about you. Lol.
#ImTheKindOfGirlfriend that will be faithful, caring, honest && make you laugh I'll hold you down through w.e but will leave asap if played
Oh. An instrument other than the tambourine for the lady...
How wld Greg know, he walks off in nxt ep...j/k, just skillful editing I presume. : ends? #Goldrush” I do. Hahaha
great :) ib would like that
we are serving in our well now come by and try bleCarPub
Up late on here. Not my usual. But found some really great #eventprofs & visited profiles. GN everyone!
Thank you Kathy! Look forward to chatting with you. Wishing you both a wonderful, blessed week : ))
you exist
That moment when ur not sure if the text you sent was a little to much
absolutely man anytime
Hike to the Observatory, Lunch at Fred62, Househunting, Vday dinner and then Olympic coverage. All with my lady. Fine day.
Xavier Blessings Bro
#ADCDebate our relationship with #Richmond is difficult but #Richmond will catch up
Someone commented on the poem I posted today. They said it was terrible, with a totally messed up meter. Gotta love feedback.
Lauren Johnson from FOX 13 News asked the first question: How will school consolidation impact children in the classroom?
TONIGHT INSIDE BROADWAY !!! .50 DRINKS AND $50 BOTTLES TILL 11 !!! LASERS ,LIGHTS , EXTRA SOUND , STRIPPER POLES , IN THE MIX!!
#GoGators Loving this blowout but would have preferred Mizzou!
Now playing: All I Do Is Win
Whoa! As much depth, talent, skill, and fun as humanly possible please! This is very exciting! What brings you to KC?
#ikids #kidscreen participants & Tweeps - don't miss session post-lunch on what #kids are viewing on #YouTube. Great data/insights.
Forgot to mention...nice banner guys ;) hah
yay!!! When will u know? U can text me if ya want. Lol
auburn my cousin went to college over thier
I find that hard to believe, but we will see.
Who enjoys Listening to Political Talk Radio Shows or Stations Online? What do you listen too?
Tryna convince that she is beautiful<3
I'm on twitter everyday , but I never tweet .
It's a fantastic Wednesday. It's our favorite day of the week! How's your's going?
i swear to god if this bee comes anywhere near me ima flip a shit
Can you send a few morwe tweets
Love the new website! Can't wait to see you when you are in town. Blessings.
Tabitha Stephens never took swimming lessons.
I'm intimidating?
Im SOO HOTT!!! Is so humid
Should Have Had A Back Up Plan
Old lenses means you're both hard core & getting better practice. Kind of a solid combo.
Applied for a copywriting job at WasabiRabbit. No one understand how badly I want this.
Going out for a group ride tonight, and the weather cannot be any more soupy/humid.
Happy Birthday !!! xoxo
"Your mercy, O LORD, is in the heavens; and your faithfulness reaches to the clouds."~Psalm 36:5
I don't fail, i simply succeed at finding what doesn't work
Most relaxing hour of my life...Aromatherapy treatment. Feeling like a schoolgirl!
I was at the second row on the side, I wonder if gaga will go there for the btw ball... Or maybe a bigger stadium.
“: Singing off key in the state of North Carolina, is against the law.” Damn North Carolina is fucked up.
OMG that's beautiful !!
In town for the #NRAShow? Take a Segway tour of Chicago & take $10 off with show pass! Call 312 552-5100 for reservations.
I really gotta stop with this hooker streak
just recommended venuetastic to an alum asking about event spaces in sf... better not make me look stupid for suggesting it :)
you're probably right it's too high-res. Since user experience is the top priority, can you make the buttons bigger by default?
Still think it's a Buyer's Market? In 2nd multiple-offer situation in 1 week; another home sold 2 hours before I showed it.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool that takes forever to finish their test, and noone is allowed to talk until they are done
Theres just so much you can take.
can a gang of 6 raccoons kick my ass?
Thanks! So glad to be back! :)
it's amazing ;)
My bed is calling my name !!!! where are u 6 oclock ???
Happy Christmas to all customers and staff!!
Anyone know this number? He's creeping on me. Blow up his phone with calls & texts? Yes please. (: 914-740-8403
United takes their 1st lead of the night, 24-17 with 8:22 left in the game...21 unanswered points for the Longhorns.
thank you :) x
Looking forward to crawling into some
YOUNG BOYS IM 18 GROWN Out Here
Just did!
You are rocking the final hours of the #EarthDay contest!
NOBODY'S FORGOTTEN .
deff just got sister act tickets.
As we give thx 4 all we have let's remember many r hungry & homeless. Thank u , foodbanks & shelters 4 ur role in our community.
Better Be BITCH
when do we need our money for shirts?
hoping they throw the book at him & everything else!!!
went 1-1 at the BJJ state championship. Wasnt destined to win this one. Thanks to all my training partners and coach. Gotta think KISS.
Looks beautiful outside in #STL. It's time to stop working and go out and get some fresh air...and a cocktail.
We got approved by the liquor licensing committee! Now we just have to wait for the common council to give us the OK on March 1 and we'll GO
you're welcome.
Just ran down the street to catch a bus @ a red light & the bus stopped & waited for me
very much a classic!
What I know about Johnny Mathis: I only hear him at Christmas, and I don't think he's Caucasian-American.
Members Card Bulls ML -210 (25 units)
Cupid to hold press conference after tonight's game questioning the line on Ross's resume where it says "Major League Outfielder".
MN fliers: Did you book a flight this month or pay for more miles so you keep your elite flier status? E-mail me:
Remove me from your list
RT : Just want to say hello to my favorite mass choir! Hope all is well! -> All is well. Thanks for your support!
I'm sure real Heat fans remember the days before LeBron, like when they had Mourning/Hardaway, Shaq, and the rest
seeing my mom graduate just made realize how much i need to push myself these last few weeks in order to walk across that stage
oh wow chevy chase looks different now. you guys working on a new three amigos film?
where are you headed? You better not say somewhere warm if I wasn't invited!
Thanks for coming by! RT : great to visit metro campus in bayview today. we're glad the team is using
I wonder if the clothes in China say "made around the corner " or something.
I just realized that the labor at the Highlight Factory is union.
Cutie Erik von Detten from Escape to Witch Mountain and The Princess Diaries, turns 29 today.
And grown ups :')
nice to see ya on twitter sister.
six figure careers
this horoscope today is trippin' me out😏♒
spangenberg back in lineup
Needed a new vehicle from which to send you tap/pole dancing and cat videos. RT It's an honor to be 8th person following you.
This just in. Mayor of Baltimore, Stephanie Rawlings-Blake is celebrating her BDay tonite 's Gay Bingo share please, ok?
About to go all out and make me a LARGE THREE or FOUR scoop hot fudge sundae with pecans, with NO REGRETS whatsoever!!! eyes!
Southridge Mall is the perfect place to find candidates for 16 & Pregnant
I know it's really sad haha. Oh and btw I'm taking an hour lunch
theres a MAJOR story here for chicago sportswriters if they hadnt all become so lazy/foolish not to see it.like !
Fuck it in the trap pussy.. #idoitfortheratchets u a Foo for that one!!
Just did!(:
Mr. Ollinger gets me the perfect books. Latest, Use your Brain for a Change. Talks about neuoroscience.
Plus Ringo's son?
Look up what Thomas Vanda did for something really repulsive. I don't think there's a word for it.
Guess what holiday tmr is?!?!?!
When we fail we don't need more Law but rather more and more GRACE! It's through an ABUNDANCE OF GRACE that we reign in life! (Rom 5:17)
This has to be one of the best episodes.
i think three migraines this month is a bit thick.
Had a great night with :)
Ohio state gets the easy W. Good day of basketball in Cleveland so far.
RT Congratulations to our new Chair Rocco Giammaria from PA and his team...the next two years look great for the caucus
About to watch The Vow Im gunna cry i know it
Do you know a #highschool #student in need of money for #college? If so, click the link to learn more about our #scholarship-->...
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mom tweeps! Y'all are number 1!☝
COMMMOOON KFC just became the definition of Fat they mixed Fried Chicken+Bacon+Cheese, you kno what that gets you...a fun dinner lmao
Remember that time Breanne replied to me on the day of my prom?
Blocked you from twitter.
UGH TEMPTATION SET IN, I couldn't wait any longer to get it! I just had to purchase my #atheart bundle! Best 6 am $30 buy ever
Your hair looks like SHIT.
Why are we doubling Sidney?? Out of shape over weight uneffective.
#pdaebook -broader concept. Libraries have always done this. Levine-Clark
Si Misty For Me
I took a step back from all of the emails and bugs, and re-experienced how cool our product and team are. Hope you can do the same today!
actaully that's the Italian in me (; lol
RT": Practicing your signature over and over again, just incase you become famous. :)"
OK, I think it went pretty well
Any more #Vegas advice for me?!! Anyone?!!
Its an automated follow thing, its not personal mate.
Apparently CD's are on the verge of being extinct.
LVHCG has 2 NEW products and 1 of them puts us FIRST on the market! Come to see us at Casshman Field Sat & Sun www.facebook.com/LVHCG
won't get in the shower until "Call Me Maybe" ends. Because he's dancing to it. Sigh.
Editing #MichaelsMatch dialogue. Most awkward editing session ever.
I have the BEST boyfriend ever. He may rarely ever be here with me but he is more than I could have ever even dreamed for. I love him. (:
You see, its that sense if entitlement that has you delusional
heard ur having people over what u doin???
YOFEOYL (everyday of your life) !!!! ;))
I wish I could have a Dreamland BBQ day in Orlando
Yeah Friday! Going to read to some kids for #black #history #month and then enjoy the weekend! Have a great weekend everyone!
publish it bruh!
Blue union chairs to raise funds
what's up
oh so now musicians?!
um maybe they just are.
Getting ready for a great week of worshipping God with the folks from Care Net at the Gaylord Palms. Should be an awesome time.
Off to Cleveland for a couple days then Vegas for a conference next week. Looking forward to dinner at Jaleo. Any other suggestions for me?
Anyone who won't be in the gym in February shouldn't be allowed here now
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3 I hope you had a great day (:
#FF for those who have the pleasure of knowing,working with, or loving a person with
Seattle to Long Beach... Here we go!
i dont follow u guy
Agreed! Insensitive and Disrespectful!
Totally blown away by my son's performance in Fiddler on the Roof. Great vocals from all, & he rocks the bottle dance.
Good Morning!!! Wellness Wednesday in effect at the Farm!!! Receive one top of your choice w/ minimum 60 donation :)
Just DM me your email and I'll send you some info. Thanks.
nothing much you?
Spent the day at the lake it was beautiful there. It's supposed to be 107 tomorrow not looking forward to going to work tomorrow night.....
We love all our participants!
my home away from homw
leading this session for Temple university over in Pennsylvania.
Feeling Blessed this morning!! its been a while ...
Congrats on being elected to the Board of Directors. 2012 will be a good year for renewables!
I'm dying of laughter over here 😂 the awkwardness & funniness of this situation is killing me! 😲
college trips stricter dan high skoo trips...tf
#inconference10 #nmsplc Our students will never be learners, unless we are learners ourselves. JKnight
Watching my 600 pound life makes me want to work out
#FridayReads giving A Game of Thrones another try. It's slow going, and I don't really know why. I like the writing and the characters.
Q. Who can make more money in a week, a drug dealer or a prostitute? A. The prostitute because she can wash and resell her crack.
But how about when protag has to dump the lover for the "Greater Goal". Not "romance" any more, but def higher stakes
Whoever is reading this: Hi, you're beautiful. Good night! :-)
Midnight Oct. 31st, I concur. I'm still going to kill it tonight, regardless.
Thanks for the shout out!
today is ginna be amazing
Great to meet you tonight! So glad 's home has found such a lovely new tenant. Welcome to Indy!
3 minutes ago we lost power in the Brittany townhomes in #Plainsboro, NJ. Please take a look!!
#mumfordandsons up next!
Are there any rules against 30 year olds eating Kix?
Pretending to be sick just to leave school
I hate it when people change and become worse then before.
Last summer >>>
Bout to go get my bad axs uncle outta jail for thaa hundreth time.
what you getting
now onto the countdown to Starbucks Holiday/Red Cups !!
website in construction, we are local chicagoans and would love to chat.
The joys of traveling...screaming baby on moms lap in seat next to me. Kids feet are on my legs. Not cool. Not cool at all.
Happy birthday to one of our favorites, !!
you and 8 people in wheelchairs are the only people who want that turf
No way yoga's that tough! RT : I AM SO SORE form 's class this Sunday.. Great work out, I can't walk= awesome!
Thanks! I am absurdly interested in all of this. You?
I actually cant wait for this movie i love kristen stewart
Just sprinted across downtown Chicago with and to barely make the train
Congrats to that nigga for being featured in XXL's Show and Prove! Love the article!
you're welcome - thanks for reading!
Deciding if I should run a 6k tomorrow. Downside: meh distance & $35. Upside: $ goes 2 charity, it'll get me up, & new distance so auto PR
A whole chicken??? That's a damn shame.
awards is awesome! I should get the award for creativity. Just saying
Probably right!
silver fish on the floor and walls
sup bitch?
I had no idea buses ran this dwelt
So, it's Friday AND #aprilfools day. Whatta a combo.
I had hoped they'd have pinch-hit Maysonet in the spot they used Aoki. Then Aoki could've pinch-hit for Conrad late.
Hey hey life ain't fair, three in the air if you don't care
Thanks for the RT!
no im not
ik that song
I get absolutely no enjoyment out of art.. Especially in Spanish class! How's the teacher gonna tell me I draw like a 3rd grader haha
Dollar sludge bars ALL NIGHT! or until we run out :) Please RT!
Some ppl just arent slick at all...
listening to online, one of the BEST female recording artist out there now. If you don't know about her, check her out...
I only follow ppl that tells me to follow...and then some(:
Girl with coral pants on campus
liv's party was so much fun <3 bonfire was amazing (:
Jkay i just listen to it.
Great photo shoot this morning and three more video clips edited.. Getting closer!!
lmfao. It ain't that bad..btw I think I got a 100% on that geometry quiz 😃😄
I don't! I always go to different people n they still do it ugly!
What sessions are you most looking forward too?
good luck with that Jeff!
“: Whiskey puts a little prance in my dance.” only a little??
Holy cow ! just hit his 2nd home run of the night against the !
My DJ like to tweet thing , but forgets to tweet his boy
Why am I not going to #SXSW?? Humph!
Font abuse makes Arial grow on your palms.
is cute ;)
watching the Dodgers...very pianful
It's tough to feel bad for a franchise that finds itself 50 games UNDER .500 in a 66-game season.
J key not functioning correctly. Things are not well in the land of
ordered DSL. Modem arrives. No DSL. 2nd modem arrives. No DSL. Told to wait in office today for 4 hrs for techie. No techie. Shameful.
#Evernote also makes student presentations of their portfolios easy - and it looks good too.
Ha , omg , Why was he sleeping naked like that ? his booty Big AF !
you're so right!
Oh, dear. Am I the only one who dreads the day after Mother's Day? You know, when we have to resume the cooking and cleaning?
Happy Leap Day?! Everything that happens today, didn't.
EVERYONE NEEDS TI FOLLOW THIS GIRL! SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK! PROMISE! PLEASE FOLLOW HER
Kirk cousins?
Sawa. We are on. 5 shots?
Love working with positive, encouraging people.
“: The Average Human Body Contains Enough Bones To Make Up An Entire Human Skeleton.” who knew??
Best lunch ever with =) Sometimes its the little things that keep us going throughout the day!
Meek Mill Tha Hottest Artist Out s/o to my team
Another gorgeous day at the beach. 5 more days til voucher code integration will be done. =)
Attempt to live in this world, not let the world live inside you.
backless dress!
i wanna be loved by someone but not used by someone
Love your summer line tees- slick designs man.
Im on the 55 by the stadium ha
In California a medical marijuana delivery driver told the cops 2 ninja's broke into and stole his marijuana! Hahahaha!
Oh man I have always wanted to tint my eyelashes. It's all I think about.
are you and robert in town? cant wait for you to see Wednesday's Child!
I was w/ the girl you gave the free shirt to in Houston w/ OM&M. I saw y'all at numbers too. I'm having seperation issues.
If you post the "I Just Had Sex" song at 1:30 am on FB you are a tool. Don't.
The Senate rejected Richard for the CFBP job, and Obama hired him anyway,People don't know what Congress is
needs to schedule some readings for the fall, needs to do submissions, needs to finish fall syllabi, needs to stop procrastinating
Awesome! I love to start my day with a cup of coffee and a GTG bar. It's my quiet time in the morning.
we'll test that penchant for swan diving out when she's here for SXSW!
Advertising is a form of communication. There are many forms of advertising such as flyer printing, poster printing
I think that #openingday should be a holiday in #milwaukee. Wouldn't you agree?
Its a count down till I get tha benz.. Im on 1.. Im pushin myself tryna see how much I can do..25 years old doen it mane
Saturday night = taco night!
Watched that 127 hours last night, man that was crazy! Could u do tha deed? Ouch!
hahahaha he would!
Hey everyone! Have any suggestions for a song we should cover? Tweet us!
Help! I'm trapped in Union Station with a group of middle schoolers shouting about Twilight!
all I know is that I just can not bring myself to buy dresses from a place that includes "barn"
Need to play to your skills and resources says
I think King is a PR lackey for Eagles ---> RT : Browns get Jake instead of one of Phil's QBs. Cleveland hasn't solved QB prob
“: #JaneSays by on = #winning. Thank you ” I too am done with Sergio...
Welcome to Twitter!
Thanks! It's Eco Boutique. Enjoy the rest of your stay. RT : what is the soap in your bathrooms? It smells amazing!!
Thanks for helping me become Peoples Champ at the 1st Annual #MKE Meatball Challenge! #ballin Also taking 2nd place
OFF TODAY GUESS ILL REST UP
RT Is it time to go see the #Avengers yet?
umm ... Gees, must I explain everything. Boredom I guess.
Just realized the guy I recognized at HWood was Brian May from Talk about missing an opportunity!!
ESPN First Take "If you like listening to the same argument 3 times in a two hour show"
man i still can't get over just how good this new black keys album is
What!? SCUBA-to-be-kidding me! I just missed out on the best thread of all time.
Hope everyone is enjoying their holiday...
Home Bank of California is collecting socks for the homeless children in SD. Please drop off socks at 875 Garnet Ave. SD 92109
America, I will show these presidential candidates how to create jobs without one piece of legislation. I wll introduce them to housing mark
follow please.. i can give you 3 solo shoutouts if you do, just tweet me :)
New Years Resolutions anyone? I wanna know what you wanna change?
Sometimes my twitter unfollows you. dont worry i'll follow you again .
i can acually see us being together, i just kinda hope we actually get close
About to die
As log as she stays away from 'writing' a novel, we're good.
We're hoping to add more venues to the Perks throughout the season. We wanted chiefs for this first round... but hopefully next rnd
Students-- It's important to read your course syllabus over as it lists your assignments, papers, and guidelines necessary for each class.
Your soo late and did you get my txt?
I love that name! Lol it's my best friend's name too :)
Our film is screening on 11/21 @ 10pm at the NY International Independent Film & Video Festival.
#808Pride break my heart ok its cool but break my friends heart and imma loose my foot up somewhere
Praying for you tonight I know God is for you! Excited for
Thanks for the RTs & mentions! Have a beautiful weekend!!! =)
RT : PSA: Tomorrow night will be the biggest/closest full moon of the year. Enjoy!
lovely to meet ya-- we've got thousands to choose from :)
A big score is simultaneously reinforcement to stay off cigs,and an excuse to let your guard down. One of them good problems!
so happy for the boys, finally on vacation :) seemed like they have fun filming season 3
#WhyDoiAlways Make excuses for the ugly truth?
We agree.
I was heartbroken so I build a bridge and got over it....
I'd say the trending topics on twitter..but that's just me
um no, just more fab, I'm just saying #inmyrachelzoevoice :-)
Congrats Jerome !!!
Thanks for downloading! What's your favorite song so far?? #ladygaga RT : Gaga ioki on my phone omg love
“: flow in the new song is so unique! Great music bruh!” - advancing the genre .. Thank You!
So happy for and her new addition today :)
I'm so cool
i’ll never be anyone’s best friend who i want them to say i am it doesnt mean as much when it doesn’t come from the people you want it to.
Rite Aid on Friday night. WTF?
naww he can stay in the us with me until he gets famous(;
nicely done :)
Well this really sucks! I have a cold! :'(
Read about some of our faculty: Tara McPherson , Holly Willis , Henry Jenkins , Steve Anderson
Rangers wont make it
I enjoy your treats. Putting you on my RacyStuff list so I will be able to find you when I need a laugh. Cheers!
A person can't control there feelings , love a very strong emotion you can't abuse it , do you ?
I will do or maybe we can get or cup cake place on 16th and Bethany next to garage
Always glad to do it! How are things in your neck of the woods?
“: I'm way too emotionally invested in Cory and Topanga's relationship. #BoyMeetsWorld #90sgirlproblems”
i came in after dark the very next day i broke my phone, then my mom found some stuff in my diary that she didnt like. smh
Think May 21st is the End of the World? Can I have your stuff?
just search for people by name and click the follow button.
Remembering that I have driver's ed tomorrow just ruined my night.
YUM!!! BTW, your dad is adorable!
one day will follow me please can that day be today!<33 i love you
Wow, you're a champ. I hit the wall about Sunday every year.
Good relationships don't just happen. They take time, patience and two people getting through all the hard times together.
Did you mean that as a good thing? ;)
You're a good person as well as super talented.
Already? RT Duvall resigns. "It would not be fair to my family, my constituents or to my friends ... to remain in office."
Sure thing. Thanks!
love this!
nope, not the only one. I still want to see it, too; everyone says it's great.
If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity
I was COMPLETELY freaked. Still can't believe I did it.
My old #KentuckyDerby home is so beautiful right now!
Out in #Berkeley ready for #DWCsf!
Hellzzz yeah! We got this :)
Thanks! Life is changing fast! But I wouldn't want it any other way~
well said homie
It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job: it's a depression when you lose yours. ~ Harry S. Truman
They can additionally teach the patient about the effects of drug use
Don't tell me you cut your hair!!?
May 9 th needs to hurry up so I cn figure out wats wrng wit so I cn drive again tired of depending on people
Obama would never put a dog on top of a car. Dries out the meat
people that use the term dweeb = squares
It's not that i've stopped loving you , it's that i've realized that you never cared.
thanks for the link. I'll check it out when I get to a computer. What's the link to?
I didn't know cartoon network had their lil back in the day cartoon session
I need a man in my life right now hahah
We want to see your favorite hangout! Share with the hashtag
#YouGetPointsIf you can write me a legit song (that isn't cheesy)
It's 11;11(: I made a wish!(: please come true!(:
Where y'all at
ok! Sounds good
Get it girl!!!!
lol! Get her girl!!
Artichokes are my favorite food EVER! I like them stuffed, but even more just plain (steamed or boiled) w/ melted
things to do in wichita ks must see
i get ready and take an hour to straighten and burnthe fuck out of my hair just so you can see me at my best,but you dont even glance at me.
Barack Obama openly backs gay marriage—and civil rights take another huge step forward. Might lose an election ... but was righteous.
Rep. Lundy "A big problem with this conversation is that we are focusing on the 4% rather than 96% of prev. care"
#Royals let the #Yankees win last night. That was sweet of them. Win the next two.
plus I am pretty sure I have to pass the council for approval before any questions popped and bells ring.
how bout that
you were just being rude to my friend. I have the right to get involved.
Thats usually the way communism goes. Only him and his hoods are the are rich. As they keep the rest of the people under foot
Ha it was pretty moving....
This phones battery is the absolute worst
hey valentine. Im going to sleep lonely, but tomorrow is a different story.
you are right about THAT!
I don't understand where I should keep my cell phone...
Now if I can just find a babysitter!!!!
welcome to the internet
what up cousin? Good times with the fam in The Bay!!!
awwie, thanks so sweet thank you! ;"} and your like the same to me ahaha and yeah sure we can DM
RT : Today we have Top Chef's #LikeAMeatball pizza for Take-Out Tuesday 11-2.
Probably still nothing
Good luck PBS's , launching today RT : I'm running our and channels. Hope you'll follow.
Rise against, rise up for what is right, stand alone, are you willing to try
July 29, 1978 - On Old Timer's Day, the Yankees announce that Billy Martin will return to manage the Yankee in 1980.
Wat I'm do tomorrow man lol
Beginning of the End. Lesdoit
'Cuz he looks like John Stamos?
Just saw the news that Alex Gonzalez has a torn ACL...IMO if the #Brewers want to be a contender they need to make a move for a SS.
your altruism is inspirational. offer to write a larger check and maybe they'll seat you faster.
They still have another quarter, though. Hopefully Nuggets can stay strong and force a game 6 :)
Or can leave me when I have to present
I was in the ER last night
I need a Jetsons-type assembly to get me up & ready, put a cupppa in my hand & fly me off to work. I've lost the capacity to wake up*moan*
I have no idea how or why pandora took me from skrillex to Adele.
I'm stalking you~
Who knew that latex balloons were perfectly fine for the environment - sustainable production AND biodegradable? I certainly didn't...
...WE NEED HELP HERE IN WISCONSIN...GOV SCOTT WALKER IS ACTING AN ASS!!!
College Basketball this weekend! Come out to and watch all your favorite teams win!
Your STAR AUTHORS wall makes me smile. Love the welcoming feel of your library!
Fear binds us to a lie.
its okay his bestfriend hates me to! People just love to hate on us..(;
Yes. I agree.
I don't understand why some people find it necessary to drive with their high beams on.
"I do not" "you totally do" LOVE THEM
Power 88 old school thursdays makes my week
I think it's got to be awesome to be Art Garfunkle!
wishing you all a good weekend!
sorry for delay. Yes there is
LMAO....I NEVER SAID THAT HAHAA ...RT : It's something like a coochie party! Lol that's my favorite part
What a day.... what I won't do for + gert jan prins for proper twin subwoofer madness
OK GOODNIGHT FOR REAL!!!
Nice play Swish!!!!
On to the next one.
the lights are much brighter there. u can forget all your troubles, forget all your cares and go DOWNTOWN.
why did u use and why aren't we fb friends??????????
#moms #dads One Major --MYTH-- about #school BULLYING right out in front. Number One "It's just kids being kids"
Had an entertaining 75 minute battle at the #blackjack tables. $40 buy in at a $10 game. Up $2.50! Tech win! Tech win!
Ah all smiles :)
It's not too far off that they'll be making movies just for the international market and if it makes any money in the US, it will be a bonus
Congratulations Jesmyn Ward 2011 National Book Award winner in fiction!
Can't wait for my show in May 11th!!
Buckle up for
I work but I should be off around 9 or 10!
: who wants to pig out and watch a movie
Mom plz come home with my iPhone 4 ... Thank you
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination
with some sick pregame dunks and some oohs and ahhs from cavs fans
Note to self: Leave 15 minutes later for work, because apparently, traffic goes the other way in the morning.
I already have it :)))
how do you feel about Rich Stansbury making fun of Twany Beckham who plays for UK. Was that uncalled for?
Almost the weekend, what are your plans? Whose going out #inpdx? Call & Make an appt and get ready to party while supporting
completely agree.must have a starting point.
yes. She is the power source...she also carries the power source!
I plan on putting them on as soon as I get back to my desk.
Next time I'm definitely keeping my mouth shut
Google goggles? It can solve sudoku puzzles. Image voice search and voice recognition!
Everyone follow He's my brother...and he likes peach schnapps.
WYR... have to kneel a giant in the balls every time you eat, OR speak only in Cockney rhyming slang.
Happy Birthday! Have a great day!
Ride Wit Me - Nelly
Thank you to our new followers!!!!# excited
oh goodness - you can now review individual seats on planes, car dealers get ready to add reviews for backseats, trunk space, glove boxes...
Much needed nap time after leftover pizza.
good one !!
-- wait, what, we're at war?
LOL!!! You must have so much fun!! :)
RT Don't forget that you've only got until tonight to enter your ideas for Umbro Industries for the chance to win £10,000
