RT : #Taurus are simple yet sensual creatures who dont over complicate things but love pleasure.
Terrible rain/cold conditions.
Congrats on joining Twitter, !
RT Be YOU. No one can do it better.
RT RT It's amazing all you can accomplish when you stop 'saying' you will do it and just DO IT.
I was never one for games anyway
I'm craving Wendy's STUPID COMMERCIALS
It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
thanks Walter!
Until 7pm! RT : Had a great time at the blood drive this morning!! It's going on all day, so stop by & save lives!
and I are looking forward to meeting you at the #140NYC :)
POWER WIN!!!!
Sorry folks we are already fully booked up with appointments at tweet us your news though and we'll share it
Matter of time before NJ cashes in ther beating NY to every loose puck especially In the rangers end
Please someone let me know what kinds of low carb foods to eat to start off with??????Reply
ha ha, sure! but it may go unpaid...
MT : A2: It depends on the act. Low key places are best. It allows for audience involvement.Love Chicago Theater also.
dont wary i will :)
No!! This nigga phone CAN'T be dead right now! Smh.
biz 101. When a company is hurting your top resource, you find a to stop them. For FB, it was photos -> $$$
You know nothing about me either!
they ate tacos de chrizo from yesterday... i think daddy is buying you a hambuger, before you go and donate blood
I found out that I can put my self in a mood which I can think better. Maybe more logical.
I just finished a 16.0 mi run with a pace of 10'17"/mi and a time of 2:44:40 with Nike+ GPS.
im glad i hav yuh to lean on...i tell u everthin somethings i sudnt...bt u no them
At least one thing is for sure: "Sweet Home C-U" this Wednesday will be the best part of my week!
Dieing to know! What is it??
thank you :)
It's not good to suck this bad. Damn, I kinda wish we would've lost to the Steelers.
psalm 96. Kraemer fam update: Caitlyn is slowly regaining ability to sing praises with her physical voice, even in the midst of dark dark.
all the disciplines that should be celebrated :)
A Variety of Hot Soups to Choose From!!!!
Just asked: "Is it TOO 70s-makeout-room?" (I think the answer is no, for the record.)
Wake & bake..the best way to start off my Friday. Have a good day tweeters!
how does google expect you to fully optimize for speed when their own cdn resources are set to expire way shorter than what they recommend?
talking to her !
reading my May issue (yay) and spending time with the family.
Did I just see Oliver North do an ad for a video game?
This just in! DonKhoury predicts Ol' Floppy Arms will be the next Mayor of Chicago!
#replacebandnamewithasians Bring Me The Asians
So get outt of here
Another beautiful SoCal day...I'm off to enjoy it!! Happy Monday!
Taylor continues to drive to hoop with no results
Finally, an excuse to get a butt plug.
*dies*": all women shud have that"
I love you lol you are my idol :) please #follow me
sure is! Come on down!
I want a money oak lol
Lol I feel u. I like to write and brag about as much positivity in this city as possible so keep up the hard work.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
Lovin' Louisiana cuisine
Our state is n Highest Risk BUT Debi in n the Highest of that!! PRAYERS!
Happy Mother's Day to all our #MoCo moms! What are you doing to celebrate? Breakfast in bed? Brunch? Tell us!
Online EP release date = Oct. 1st!
Enjoyed your take on Haywire's fight scenes. They definitely stand out in their measured execution
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time. Abraham Lincoln
Looking dapper, guys! RT Great photo of & at last night's premiere of the 2011-2012 Movie Club
Naw you are okay, they are always updating stuffs and the old drivers stop working when you add certain programs.
One of my earliest memories is my dad bringing that car home. I can't swear to it, but I think my mom threatened divorce.....
RT If SOPA and PIPA goes through, that may be the end of djs putting up dj sets and mashups on the internet.
RT ": It was all a dream....used to read Word Up Magazine..." | salt n peppa. And heavy d up in da limousine
I hate arguments but I'm glad that the issue is resolved. I feel so much better.
toys r us.
buying a chain and how to bank roll the jewelry. Pop tha chain.
We're on the hunt for examples of bad journalism from Baltimore media. Seen any lately?
Obama's budget voted down 99-0 in Senate. This makes the 76er's feel better about themselves...but not much.
Marge gets a boost in her social life on tonight's episode of The Simpsons! Watch with us at 5!
"Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure." Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich
lol send it to me, i wanna test something out
RT : Nothing like getting sprayed by an elephant
NICE dude!
RT Playing the 140 with 25 bounties tonight, will also be there, come join us
Is it good then? I have no complaints thus far, then again its Ep1 so. ;)
Hi Trisha. Thanks for connecting here!
Don't forget about Rib Week starting October 10th!
how was the rodeo?
You're love never ending, You're grace never failing, redemption Is calling us home. You are making all things new
Wow nice season finale for the Wizards.
Good morning America.
A vision without a task is a dream - a task without a vision is drudgery- but a task with vision can change the world. - Black Elk
Stem is one of those albums that's gonna take time for me, but it resonated immediately. I really like many of Stef's reviews.
$CRWV out at $.065 momentum seems weak.
you're welcome ! (:
Bitch ass freshmens coming to #Utc already tryna snatch my girl if they knew wats good for them theyll leave her alone!
THeatre in a stairwell? What was the play? how did you approach lighting it?
Shabazz would get drafted top 3 in this years draft. Nasty.
okay. miranda i'm coming for you -_-
Thanx for the play!
I was wearing my lace up shirt at starbucks & had an entire conversation with the guy working about & got a free coffee :)
My friend is subletting a Bellaire Houston apt for six months. 875 sq ft, hardwood floors, w/d, walk-in closets. Message for more info.
Hey Austin!! How has your day been??<3 :)
My mom told me that I was born left-handed but then I mysteriously switched hands
icnt wait to see you fav : )
Thanks Dave, I appreciate that!
Girls confuse me...
can the song be ghetto
Oh man, Kareem is wearing aovely bowtie, and TOWERS over the other contestants. It's tremendous.
Dear School, There should be less hours of you, & more hours of sleep. Sincerely, Everyone.
I wanna do a track w you before you become too big for my upcoming ass lmao
Loving the Twitter app update for android. Blows all other Twitter apps and web version out of the water
i should probably start my homework.
Shout out to all our new followers! Tell us something crazy about you so we can start getting to know you!
SAME HERE OMAAALAWD
So glad to see that favorited my tweet about boners :)
Just saying there was a Mr Daniels on Andy Petree's hood that finished 1st all those many years ago
Love love loved it!
Taking it down early tonight. Leave me something cute please? :):D
Arizona immigration law: Another setback for Obama at Supreme Court?
Spacey lately... getting ready for releases in July, Aug, Sept and Oct. At least I know what I'll be listening to tomorrow.
Not yet!
YES I KNOW BRO WHAT ARE YOU DOING TODAY?
Girl you ain't no BARBIE, I see you work at Arby's, #2 supersize, hurry up I'm starving!
should become my friend so we can go thrift store shopping together ✌❤
i love love love love love winning.
Kinect software permits users to operate the Xbox Dashboard interface using voice commands and hand gestures.
Recording for the new 7" is done! We're really excited to get this out
I need some new followers... Help...
Sac emcee signs to , has two releases scheduled before June! More on this in issue #106, out March 12.
“: Dear sleep, I know we had problems when I was younger, but now I love you...”
Nice! Just found ! I'm sure many of our campers will want to attend this feast...
you are fired up over the story from Boston.com about Downtown. I bought a sub at the subway in the Corner Mall today
Nice to see that they have Coca Cola in your undisclosed location.
better hit the gym and take advantage of the extra testosterone.
This day will be great.
Hoops expert brings you the latest on the #NBAplayoffs on the show right now.
Why you wanna keep making me want you?
Well my voice came back :)
did you intentionally spell that wrong?
haha 😜 I don't think I could ever do that...
Knock on. USA's Nese Malifa couldn't hold on to the pill.
ohailno. WANNA FIGHT.
Nice! Solid run!
Busy, but we've got all hands on deck. Fire at will! :)
sounds good to me. I'm super flexible so anytime after 16:00ish is good.
": Is Bill Cosby still on that team? Or does he not meet the age requirement?"
Well that's the first time a bus didn't come by in 20 mins. Onto the el so I can get to the conference!
Be strong and let your heart take courage, all you who wait for and hope for and expect the Lord! Psalm 31:24
just wanna say thnks muches 2 ever1 who txted n wished 4 me 2 have a happy mothers day...*happy mothers day 2 all d proud mothers ot there**
And we wish we could feed you! Nothing wrong with a lazy Saturday morning, right? Maybe we'll see you soon?
We need to connect!
Trust the instinct
Born this way <3
Just sent it .
Is your cat from HELL? Now casting couples with an unruly cat! (Los Angeles) - email:
Which room do you mean? The Owl Bar, or one of the ballrooms?
25 minutes of editing another's work just did more to clear my head than I can imagine. Props to my little sis!
When people you don't even know hate you, that's when you know you're the best. -Paris Hilton
Compared to where I was a year ago, life is so much better now. I find myself saying that constantly
Let's go Bruins!
Congratulations on the success of your business, respecting woman of color
heard it's less likely now that we'll have damaging storms. Hope that's so.
So awesome! :)
Oh yeah? I can name 23.
Harriet Schultz speaks about her book "Legacy of the Highlands" at the Friday Local Author Series today at noon in Meeting Room 5.
Starting the day off right will make your day a whole lot easier. God Morning everybody.
I hate when teachers get mad that i had to go to the bathroom. Excuse me for having to pee
I LITERALLY SNUCK ON THE COMPUTER TO SEE YOU PERFORM. SINCE IM GROUNDED. AND IM DEAD. CUZ YOURE AMAZING. IM DYING.CANTEVEN.
We tweeted it, is there any way you can grab it from twitter.
Where have you been all my life?
Drugs lowers expectations. Thats why most bums are fine with their lifestyle
I have an ugly friend you say "Like" a photo of your Facebook and I got the announcement, "Are you sure?"
Yes'm, old friends is always best, 'less you can catch a new one that's fit to make an old one out of
Do you like snowboard all year or something? Lol
I can't DM you because you don't follow me.
#MagicMonday has been blessed and Awesome so far! :))
Not having homework or a project to do or a test to study for has made my life very free for activities lol
Moneygall sure is excited for his visit! I hope he spends a decent amount of time there.
Hehehe goodnight gonna go on a date with a beautiful Undie :)
Ours is a subfolder - /visitindiana/blog and /visitindiana/techcorner/ for my tourism/tech blog
Personally offended when my timeline won't load. okay I c.
also don't tweet and drive.
I'm working on a great scene from to do for Kendra Castleberry. I love good writing.
Today's Question: What flavor of ice cream is eaten the most?
Ryan Anderson finally finds a three!
So how is everyone's life changing because the Dow Industrials hit the 13,000 level for the first time since May of 2008?
Hair has been tried and judged innocent...now time for a week of serious work!
what are the real numbers? 17%
follow back ? Favorite sport ?
Gym time! oops typo, I mean Gin time!
I love that my connections on LinkedIn connect me with 1.6+ million professionals. Will be handy when job-hunting!
Went to lunch with Dustin and his family yesterday at the Golden Corral.
Artemus Ward~ I have given two cousins to war and I stand ready to sacrifice my wifes brother.
Thanks for the #FF !
17.I like summer Turn On:When boys dont care if u <3 1D Turn Off:Boys who think they are truly gay
Just finished an inspiring call with an international organization interested in working with our students. Exciting day at
Home from surg😳
Don't fret, last week's trivia winners! Your #SUBWAY GCs are on the way. Thanks for your patience!
bulit a house up on that ass, that's a asstate!
“: "You never know if those guys could be lesbians or not." - ” -
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx STEPHEN BRODIE
when are you free?
In the end, you'll realize you only have few true friends. But that's better than having many random friends.
We also say our customers are the smartest!
seriously needs a job to get out of here.
dang she has no swagg..
never regret anything bcuz @ 1 time it wuz exactly wat you wanted
Watching tv like a boss (:
the hotel internet would crash as I was doing an online quiz :(
i'm going to punch the next employee that gives me a strange look when i ask them for help finding a high-cut bodysuit.
Incidentally, when you type "justin," the first result is "Justin Bieber." That must be humbling-slash-humiliating.
Lookin to find wats next for me but grindin is goin to b a major part
You NEED to see movies during the baseball season, just to keep it real.
ALL IS LOST! Damn you, Long Beach State. Damn you to hell.
Can the Ravens please sign , that dude is a beast.
If people were labeled like chemicals, most would say 'Warning, Compressed Hot Air'.
Pandora ONE, well worth it!
Sorry to hear that. What type of job are you looking to land?
haha duh silly. I figured Madison was way closer than West Lafayette
So much #fuckery is going on.
Working at office late tonight.....
You know, Chuck Norris would be a shot in the dark, I bet, haha.
Guess who turns 19 in exactly one month... :) :)
me too.
Happy Monday Morning Tweeps! Got a little bit of the Memphis blues after the Clippers eliminated the Grizzlies yesterday on Beale Street.
Practicing zen product design. It will al work out.
(now if only #Fairbanks had a beach) #collegepasspromo #AlaskaRailroad #kidding!
Got a zit? Squeezing spreads bacteria and can damage the area creating a scar. Keep it simple, don't pop that pimple!
I'm getting there! Are you?
Whats good K ! I'm doing good and u?
WE ARE HAVING FUN!!
National Hugging Day was created in 1986 by Rev. Kevin Zaborney from Caro, Michigan. Strangely, this day is copyrighted!
Perspective is worth 80 IQ points.
Great piece in Forbes on energy & buildings.Can u DM me an email address? Would love to pitch you on an idea.
Tonight's the night!! 3rd annual dance fest w/ , & kicks off today. When're YOU going?
Long day tomorrow....
RT : Santorum's tendency to outperform his polling averages is statistically significant.
If different people are responsible for different sections, \include is very helpful.
It's must be your ass cause it AIN'T YOUR face I need a tip drill..cause you a tip drill...<~~~~damn I used to love that song !!!
Just watch it become Iggy's best selling ever!
#familyGuy is cracking me up
fantastic!!! spread the word to your friends to check us out!
Alright Good Night!
They should trade him to the Warriors for Kwame Brown...
Moses supposes erroneously
Back to real life I go. I'll miss you Indy.
DAMN is slow lol
RT : I have every tweet framed in a room with candles. > you need a new hobby! LOL
Just Tried #Zumba for the first time! Must practice my 1-2-3's for next week. Definitely good for an easy sweat!
Take my tweets to heart that's on you
yo that shit happens to me too. Sprint is like a turtle in a rabbit race when it comes to their plans.
Taught my daughter pig Latin today. We are driving the boys INSANE.
great day
Yep, I've been following for awhile now. When I lived in N.O., the Hornets didn't exist, so I never was a fan.
I agree! Flyers are not my favorite. I still sometimes slip Filthadelphia before Flyers here and there...
yeah, you should probably not do that anymore.
Sentence found in DC cab:“Some made ill-fitting locks like marionettes, while others clapped as if afraid their hands might seal together.”
Nuttin' like a glass of wine n good tunes yo!weGNUTTyywe
Austin made his twitter account on September 29, 2010
Today is the final day to join the Y and pay no join fee! Come in today to take part in this amazing offer!
I was not stopping you from doing anything, there's no need to be all rude, I was only telling the truth.
Check out my chemical romance's alternate version of "sing"
Thanks to all who supported our tweet regarding free tax prep in Chula Vista tomorrow! Have a great weekend!
Nice! We had a few of you guys come in for books at the semester start. What year are you? What r u majoring in?
I'm a fan of Coldplay ^ o ^
#favoriteNBAMoments my favorite team winning! :)
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err
Hey buddy. great tunes. I dig your style.do you have a fb page?
sending you a Beat That We Vibing on in The Studio Itt Mad.
#ThingsThatGetMePissed Unnecessary, excessive amounts of HOMEWORK. D:<
2 weeks till break
Let's see what tomorrow will brings?
UN Resolution on South Sudan & Sudan is CRAZY! They are as alike as apples and jihadist terrorists. Speak up for Justice.
Vacation please
Congrats babes ;-) Have a good one!
One unexpected thing I learned at this SAA: trains don't have cabooses anymore, because they were replaced by automated devices.
thanks! I will incorporate your suggestions very soon! Excellent!
Thanks! Spotify and iTunes are probably your best bet!
The vocal editing on this new Usher song is horrible. Stop trying to emulate
Haha. Be strong, man! RT:: Got this personalized diet sheet, now all I gotta do is follow it...
I'm so freaking sleepy this morning & I don't really feel good :(
you are the man! Brought excitement back to MKE bball.
sent you an email back. let us know man.
Music fuels me. I don't know where I'd be without it
I am honored to be your first.
When most people think of tile, they think ceramic tile, but there is a host of other products that fit into the category too.
RT : Ryan Kennedy is young cancer patient whose desire is to trend on Twitter. Let's help him!!
That tweet was too good to not be a part of the public timeline!
omg is that real?!
Oh my God, that smile why do you have it?
I can only hope for more than one distant pale blue dot that's home
I wanted to say hello to all my new friends and followers ! I hope you are having a spectacular Tuesday !
Yes. Let's touch base Sunday am and see what time works and her feeding schedule :)
She luvs the way I pull it in and out
Who wants to come help cheer on the & other marathoners this Sunday?
You inspire me!
:) have a goodnight
Piano time.
Say something cuz your all in my head<33
it's another beautiful day out Portland. come on in and grab a turkey club togo and enjoy the day!
Thanks. It was a pretty drive and the air was nice and fresh!
Starbucks is cray cray right now!
Tebow joke in the meeting. Check.
enjoy the flame.
that's always fun! (:
Mandatory Vehicular Rant: Dear car in the turning lane, please move faster so I can actually make the turning light for once! Thank you!
25 years ago this day, the world was blessed with the birth of a kind, beautiful, artistic genius.
Myspace is alive and well:)
RT "If something is not happening for you, it doesn't mean it's never going to happen. It means you're not ready for it!"
I been weed free for 3 and half years and happy I made that decision .
Actually, skype has become a verb, as in "I'll skype you later." Again, G+hangout isn't doing the verb thang.
The other most wonderful sports time of the year is September: Still OWR season, baseball pennant races & playoffs, and the NFL.
hey boo :)
hi love. How r u?
Shhh! It's not my fault if they're ill-informed.
We were all over: Williamsburg, Bushwick, Greenpoint. Good shoot!
you were right fire stuff yesterday
Happy birthday, Travis. I hope you have the perfect day today!
So tired haven't slept all night and school starts in a lil bit
Can't Be Scared Of Something Your Skeptical About
yeah!!!! And then we will have to grab lunch or something Tuesday if you're not bsuy :D
Mark Horvath telling his story #naeh12- quick take a pic he's not tweeting while he speaks ;-)
Glad to hear that...well deserved!!
Katy Perry channels Britney with #Grammy performance on a swing. Also reps next gen of pop stars to be face of
Great job Kyle. I really appreciate your post game tweets.
looking for an easy way to have work Outlook world on my iphone but easily turned off come the weekend. ideas?
Yeah, the people that buy groceries at Metca....hey...WAIT A MINUTE!!
LOL something like that
thanks! I think it looks pretty good on the tree! :)
Thank you David.. Have a wonderful weekend. :D
What team do you want to win the Super Bowl? Do you have a favorite team?
#gcyale : We lost the debate on whether to censor. The only question now is "how?" We should be open about it.
girl in one weekend i witnessed an extreme amount of hate... Drama..lmao! Like no smiles.. I was like why does everyone
Woke up this morning with a crazy sore throat. I just want to sleep all day. I'm still in a bad mood too -_-
RT ~ To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Lacrosse 101 to educate parents on kids on the sport of lacrosse, Wednesday, 3:30 at 1379, 2727 Exposition Blvd, right by Starbucks.
Ah, Muir Woods is one of my favoritest places in the world.
Yes, definitely! And it doesn't help when others assume a small, narrow range of possible goals
Ayy, just throw it in the bag .
I've got high aspirations for this summer. Things have been put into motion earlier tonight. It's all bound to lead to something good.
Most of the time lately I catch myself daydreaming that Willy Wonka takes over Henry Paulsen's role. Why? Why do I think Wonka could fix it?
Workin the beat girl!!
S&P downgraded the United States credit rating to AA for the first time ever. What an exclamation point to a volatile week!!
And I, I will always live you, you ...
I will keep my feelings bottled up. Just to see who cares to unscrew the cap.
I have a couple of ideas in the cut. I've been holding back some songs because I need a singer with a good work ethic
HAPPY THURSDAY FRIENDS!!!
OK Hootsuite, I only have ONE FREAKING ACCOUNT attached. It is Twitter. STOP ASKING ME TO CHOOSE A PROFILE BEFORE YOU POST MY TWEETS! Got it
#KaraokeNight is in full swing come on by we will be here until 11pm!!!!
Overcast weather won't stop our sunny vibes-- just 2 hours until the Grand Opening ceremony for Las Margaritas Apts!
Keith, start a website that FOLLOWS propaganda in this country. FollowTheLie.com or something
memorizing the prologue to Romeo and Juliette to present in front of the class tomorrow..
Oh Man I need a smiley of Boozers face in reaction to that last play
Yo You wanna Go Get em Now Al?
Hey #Albuquerque, dine with us tonight (and next Thurs) and participate in our free wine sampling starting at 6pm. Cheers!
Any woman i deal with has to understand that at any given moment I can be a full time dad..she has to be ready to deal with that. Can she?
Ms. Pickett is really misguided and uninformed - certainly not prepared for #uppers level of discourse
trying to figure out how to get rid of someone, who will just not leave.... Oyyy FML
Stop in for our Crab Cake Torta! Served on Burillo Bread and topped w our Mexican slaw and COA mayo! See you soon!
: I forget stat i read couple of years ago, i believe >50% still blighted DT
Today in 1984, What's Love Got to Do With It (Tina Turner) was a hit.
we miss you in big leagues!!! your passion and intensity was unmatched by anyone!!! you'll be back for years to come! :)
faulty plumbing is the worst
in #Portland caters to a multitude of high-end car enthusiasts, making us a force in this competitive market.
PRETTY LITTLE LIARS
Forgot the power cord for my laptop. May have a nervous breakdown in 3...2...1...
This video is RIDICULOUS
RT : NO BUCK $HOW w/ + Boy Blue at Turner Hall TONIGHT! FREE FREE until show
My husband is so handy! And I totally mean in the handyman way! Ok, innuendo, too. Why not?
travesty that the sequel lacked the Rock and also that it wasn't called "Walking Tall 2: Walking Taller"
Recently made the transition from OSX to Wish there was more production quality imaging software. Otherwise its awesome!
Well deserved standing O for @ #ounceluncheon - moving speech on the need for equity in education, ensure there are no "others"
RT Play for a chance to win 1 of 3 Microsoft LifeCams
I'm a fan of Frank's website, he's a nice gentleman as well.
NEEDS to be on the next TCA! He's really amazing!! :) & TCABoy xoxo - Justine.
so far soo good :-)
good looks jennie, its a great feeling. Tomorrow should be a glorious day. Intending to wear all white, head to toe. Fly or die
Without and life would be so sad #bestfriends #loveyouall 💜💜💜✌✌
Finally got to try some delicious Kansas City BBQ. My trip is now complete.
Yeah, it means spring training is almost here, I'm like yhe Groundhog of baseball.
sounds like my schedule
Pretty sure I have the pandora station personally set to, "rage my face off". Best ever.
Congrats 2 Washington Math&Science Boys BB Team - 1st Round Winner in the Washington Charter School Ath. Assoc. Tourn. - DC Youth Rock!
Only 4 People In My Class -_______- ......
RPS Libraries have awesome Romantic Comedy Displays at all of our centers! Come visit and check out something that will make you smile :)
Wanna know who's a bigger dirtbag than Bill Maher? Try swingin' a dead cat Michelle. (You work for Fox. Remember?)
A game 7 is one of the most exciting events in sports. We have complete coverage of the Bruins on 7News at 5:30.
Awesome interview with Chris from FLASH POINT COMMUNICATIONS ---- STOKED for Gimme the Gig II
Or, as my Polish husband put it: "Dis make me not wonna watch next season. Bullsheet."
lololo, I do too(: And then I prolly can't stop laughing.
Sociology final, over and done with. We'll let your Chem, Anthro, and SciFi finals know you're coming for them.
In my day, we'd watch our subpar SP go up against their Cy Young winner -- who pitched for us the prev. year.
I love road trips! Check out the St. Louis Museum of Art and the City Museum across town, a repurposed factory.
Drivers, laugh all you want at my ugly Leaf. It just blew past you at 80mph and cost me $5 a week in fuel.
Franois Auguste Ren Rodin~ Nobody does good to man with impunity.
Looking for some examples of photo & video galleries for high volume in web. Any suggestions?
so says 's Facebook page.
We look forward to meeting you whenever you come to play at No Shame!
my thoughts about jason petrie and the whole drose thing, he too does not understand how hashtags work.
I miss watching play basketball.
Where is digitalkidscon?
AT&T UVERSE CUSTOMERS please Contact The Hallmark Channel and request their Network back on your cable provider
Gleaming the Boner
Now we find out if the Zebras are gunna screw us
I never use consumer, only customer if being generic. More words to endorse better habits = xclnt challenge.
Rise & Grind! But first, going to get this workout in with the beasts themselves! #
Can't wait for tonight! I'll try to live tweet, but I may be too overwhelmed with pleasure
follow 4 follow? if not sorry! Free promotion site on my profile if u need hits to your likes, follows, +1, views
made the jumbotron
Food fact of the Day: March 8th, 1923 The Coca Cola 6 bottle carton was introduced.
oops Sorry....guess I shouldn't tell the world what I had for breakfast then 😜
I am a college graduate!!!!
You're annoying (:
WKU, Murray St, and UofL, all won their conference now it's time for UK.
AH the pilot of House!
oi, now i know what shark bate feels like
ain't that the truth. my head *still* hurts.
Just call me
I'm going to get Taraji's coif from Think Like a Man on Friday!
looking foward to this test in my biology class getting ready fo class shi my ankle hurts
According to sources, the Wallflowers have announced a new album, coming out in the Fall. They should title it: Two [Working] Taillights.
I've never seen the sky so blue.
Cinema4D Real good program I'd reccomend it
Can't access my college magazine's story on transgendered people on Google Docs. Error message says it violated #Google's TOS.
awesome! looking forward to it.
That is beautiful. Where is it?
"I just lost my balls! I'm gonna use that if you don't mind..." LOL
do it
#OnceUponATime I had a dream.. It was horribly crushed when I backed over it with my
We are now announcing the raffle winners! YAY! If you hear your name head for the Raffle Table!
is giving us not 1 but 2 Police songs in a row!
Night jog
Thanks Kati! I hope that you have a great weekend!
Why care about a 7 who is messing with 2s in the city of 10's?
What's your favorite SnapCut video you've seen or made? Share it with us!
idk who to trust anymore. he lied, yes thats true, but everybody lies now and again, but how much of it was a lie?
Had so much fun tonight for mixer! Excellent networking opportunity. Excited to build new relationships.
me too
you know my first real interaction w/ Matt? He shushed me & told me I was too loud at Borders. ;) He is too quiet
If we were to cover ANY song, what one would you choose? The gayer the better!
now can i get a follow sir?
A stitch in time would have confused Einstein.
People better learn to appreciate who they have in their life because other's are always looking to upgrade!!!!
-> I wonder if a 1.5 second appearance hits the requirements to make the IMDB site
Stout is coming to Studio City!
I love the guys response to the cops: "It's only like 20 yards" hahahah
No prob ! Thank you!
You might think it's a good idea to hairspray your eyebrows, I'm here to tell you it's not.
People work if the wages justify the labor and there are folks who'd work in those harvests, if there is dignity and fair wages
do u have a relationship with him or sumthing im sending this to people magazine
All of your decisions in life are based upon your foundation - John Di Lemme
Relaxing with an Argentina Cab.
yo thnks for the follow! Help promote?
hahahaha whoops! I forgot
I'm not a fake person who talks smack online I say it to the face and I dont care!I said I can sometimes be sour read my info!
listening to stan getz this morning on pandora's 'cool jazz.' somehow, i feel significantly less stressed than i did before i put this on.
can I have your metabolism, please?
Thanks for the feedback. Glad the adventurers are still getting after it though. Can't lose those folks.
ha! it's a great movie and I know a lot of guys who like it! I love love love the song with this scene ;)
Yet, North Korea continues to exist with people who suffer almost unimaginable material deprivation, far worse than mideast Why?
Frasier and Scrabble. Can it get much better?
Religion is doing what you are told no matter what is right
As a #Redlegs fan I can never ever ever want the St. Louis redbirds to win!
I don't joke about Justin >.>
We've got a full-size four-poster King bed with a canopy, if anyone wants to come help us use it. :-)
So pissed off that my HAIR just got patted down by #TSA...what would be hiding in my hair
I havent tweet for a while .
Annually, public library systems coordinate sharing of 9 million items between WI public libraries to serve residents efficiently! DPI stats
how long are you going to be in Vegas?
they have like 160 different types on beers. And if it didn't cost me an arm and a leg I so would.
who has jumper cables ? i'm stuck in the parking lot 😡
Thanks Amalia! Hope you and Brandon are well! :) Have a fun weekend.
So Kiko Is Humping Her Doll <__<
Know an awesome Interactive Creative person who needs a raise? Creative Group has several positions I'd like to interview you or your frien…
Being an adult is biting your tongue to avoid the domino effect. Also called picking battles. Also called letting friends fight their own.
Another viewpoint RT : Let's get one thing straight: these people aren't 'protesting', they are thieving and destroying.
Thanks to all our NEW followers ! We appreciate your support of our business venture! Like us on www.fanmailshop.com
Time to work the bar for the first time in a couple of weeks. I'm closing so come visit.
in you two. Not here. Not like this. That's what DM's and private messages are for.
- So GREAT to hear about your Dove nomination! Keep on singing!!!
“: Hospitality, Fashion, Art, Entertainment.. Industries unites tonite Sundays as The Chicago Industy Alliance!!”
Check out the Twitter page -- it's like one long autoresponder. Is there a REAL HUMAN in there somewhere?
is opening at 4 today! Come sit at the bar and keep me company!
We're raring to go for this weekend's 42nd Annual Music Festival at Sandy Lake Amusement Park! Come out at lunchtime Saturday and support YG
maybe we can kiss in the rain tomorrow
Humane society provides program to help pet owners - Altavista
yep, my weekend traffic is negligible. Always felt when I push Friday afternoon posts they don't get attention they might otherwise
Leaders can foster camaraderie by supporting employees' grassroots efforts
RT if you picked up a sperantsa hat today downtown!
got it don't worry ur on my agenda. Just am in and out of meetings today!
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
Omg. 2day is so hot outside.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....I'll still be the same ol ME, but, just RICHER !
Love my Jayhawks. No shame in one heck of a season!!
RT : if any of your followers want to win baby gear from our client look at their Facebook for...
The Big Bang Cheeseburger + Fries for only $8! GENIUS! Come try it for yourself & check out #TheBigBangTheory on TBS tonight at 10/9c!
So both LA hoop teams made it to the second round. Damn, I might have to retire my Clipper jokes if they keep this up.
Girl Scout cookie orders arrive here today. My order of 8 boxes might be a little excessive.
yes i did! she had a pretty clear vision of what she wanted too, which was great
Don't do that
wait you gotta follow Me first lolol ;l
Thatd b cool if they still played winnie the pooh on tv:o
« Hey bestie, how is my greatest inspiration these days?» amazingly blessed :)
I AM SO IN LOVE WITH YOU CHARLES
I lust that show the girl is hot like u!? :)
I just signed up on twitter and all I see is dtraink?
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx "Baby Boy"
I hope it doesn't rain at the beach !!!!
Come visit us in Nash!
thats weird. now u gon have me thinking bout u wen i drink grape juice..
Writing sweet, sweet melodies.....
Mom called me a 'skinny jerk' this morning......thanks mom
Save money and schedule both spring and fall swamp cooler services at once. Albuquerque call 719-217-8546
San Diego show @ Soma this Saturday w/ The Higher! Show starts at 7pm and tickets are $10. Come support FTA!!!
final test today :)
Again?! You're like one of those people who win all the radio contests! ;-) MRT CONGRATS Winners of small McCafe
Our family is going 2 do the Tebow pose 4 our Christmas Family Picture. Lol
3 more days till reality tv star Domenico Necci from MTV will be shootin his new show insideMcfaddens for his birthday bash
and I am so embarrassed about that marriage. My bad.
I just wish it was a whole show of his work… one can dream!
"Losing is more personal when you own the team," said my son sagely after the GB #Packers loss on the heels of his stock purchase.
Thanks for the DM. I love your band!
you are most welcome!
Run or walk??? RT : Gas station run time..
lol to many hot dogs. And it's good! I love it. And Chickfila???
I do have peace about it though because I know my purpose! Which is to serve others and God supports that!
current word count? 0/50,000. I have no creativity right now. Is it ok to continue a previously started novel?
Teaching Zumba tonight at Edgewater Athletic Club!! First Zumba class in Chicago since moving here in July....eek!
Thank you!
I liked it a lot! She knows how to put on a show.
John Baptiste DuSable is more like it...RT James Hardens beard got like a John the Baptist vibe to it...
Patron wanted to use the stapler.
Everybody in my row just said "Oh no" all at once.
I got you!
I'm ona boat
'member when u used to wait in line? Now its just ebay RT : “: Gold Life Signing with tonight 6-8pm!
thank you sir! You're a gentleman and a scholar! And have impeccable taste!
That's what makes it great. It's only 1 game, and then anything can happen in game 7. I am going to try & go to that game too
Hope is wishing something would happen. Faith is believing something will happen. Courage is making something happen
Astonishing. Besides the row of port-a-potties, no evidence that there were thousands of people in the park this morning.Good job, Denver.
Congrats to Rosalind Gates, Detroit Cass Tech Class of 1980, named new CEO of Sam's Club
I am seriously disappointed in ALL of my family (minus mom, dad, brother, my two grandmas, and grandpa).
Just booked my first official gigs bitches!!!
Looking forward to my first rehearsal tonight of "The Vagina Monologues"!
...same or similar in style. "Subtitles" can vary in color and font, but aren't to accessibility standards
Fuck the Giants !
HEYY! Longtime no talk. Good Morning, Congrats all that good stuff lol
My Sundance sweatshirt is vintage, meaning, I've never even been to Sundance yet. Nevertheless, I get mad respect when I wear it in public.
Couple more hours of work then off for the next two days, I can't wait
Hah, it was ok. Back at you chief
i think the flash was a joke or car explation or some sort of bomb or someone lighting of fireworks or UFO.
: omg!!! You found me on twitter!! :D lol shanks
Watching on cause I'm awsome
leveling up on yall
Thanks for the shout out, Justo. Love your stuff.
That bowlin last night got me feelin like a old ass man today
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Ben is injured and there is no telling what will happen if the broncos get to him
that's a eggplant
NOW! yes bring da bored! and i l<3ve you too :)
what's a little alcohol poisonin? what's a little fight tomorrow you'll be boys again!
hang in there:)!
AH BY BRITHDAY IS NEXT WEEK :) I CANT WAIT :)
rot! The outfit, the hair, the whole thing is weird!
love the Not Just The Best of The Larry Sanders Show, money well spent
#FF #HYFR u better follow my boys... all of em put in
Is it football season yet? RT : That's right!
Have you received your FREE 30 minute session with FLO FUSION FITNESS??? Call us TODAY!!!!!
#Shoutout to :D everyone follow!!!!!!!
I feel bad not going to the game tonight, but then I don't.
Here left to say, it's true God gave me you.
This class<<<
line 7 is a set comprehension so data is an iterable, not a string
We needed that win!!!!! Big game! Welcome to NY.
Heading to Long Beach in a few to pick up my Poppa!
Once I pin down one more Viognier this week - we will rock this #viognier tasting at MissWineOH HQ. Who wants in?
with a passion!
Great book talk today Thanks to everyone who came!
4. Achieving routine whole genome sequencing, for $1,000 or less - Dr. Green,
Merry Christmas.
you still owe me a dockyard partnership beer!
love what you do for Detroit! keep up the incredible work in supporting entrepreneurship in the D!
People let other people have a chance to get to Madison. Gosh.
<33 Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/
Hard to celebrate the little victories when you want it all!
Haha. How many responses did you get?
thank you! hope you're doing well :)
If you are attending the Textiles Show in Istanbul, be sure to listen to Mujde Abdis present seasonal trends!
That is something we would appreciate knowing also. Thanks
haha ik!!:) I text u but someone doesn't answer!
Getting ready for The Blonds spring 2012 show.
hey Kim what's up
Minnetonka moves onto the semifinals. Defeating Eagan by a score of 4-1.
I don't think it's safe to have him over anymore lol.
Melo with braids > Melo without braids...
Thanks for the welcome! You have a nice week too!
Oh and I've got a single/album cover shoot tomorrow(: its an all day thing. but it's gonna be good
Anyone an expert in monetary policy??
really!? wow I wish I was in new york!
Miss my love.
Seski remind friends to send birthday pic to !
RT: Don't look like I'm going to sleep no time soon <~~~ you & me both girl :/
I like you. So best of luck and congrats. But I'm levels of angry at them. :/
“: follow back” a pls would of been nice but ii am
You drive your own car in your own lane, and I love it.
Goodnight Jess :-) It's been very nice chatting with you tonight! Sleep well and have wonderful dreams! Xoxo
agree honey!!! Hope all is well!
I wish I were going cause the line up is pretty good. They got me with Nas lol
My daughter just got into her first play at Liberty University. We are so proud of her!!
Great reporting on political ads. However, isn't the problem broadcasters accepting these ridiculous ads in the 1st place???
#DaylightSavings: proof that it only takes one hour to totally mess me up.
It is unfortunate that we seek approval from the very people in constant critique of us. Neither understanding our thoughts or motivations
Ha! Thanks, a friend made it for me. I thought it was pretty cool.
AH! It's almost Christmas, need a quick eye brow wax!? GIVE US A CALL, SPOTS ARE OPEN FOR TOMORROW 3-7 PM!
full disclosure - it was at the new Hideaway in OKC (Memorial & MacArthur). Not the same, but still very good.
oh man! I hated working there. But I'm sure you'll like it. I like the Vette we have. Digital dash and shit.
Hey all! My friend just joined Twitter. Say hi and give her a follow. cc:
Movie Review: American Reunion Bakes Up That Familiar Pie Humor Review in a Hurry: Jim, Michelle, and the rest of the Class of 1999 retur
RT if you are looking forward to #NZWineDay on February 5th at Kenmore Live Studio! Mark your calendars.
are you still here?
..to the programmer and frankly I think they find self-proclaimed "ideas" people kind of annoying. Code can be intellectual work too!
Most sheet music ain't worth the paper it's printed on.
Just pushed the send button on my email, turning down an offer.
George Arnold~ The living need charity more than the dead.
Do some Neil Peart drum covers! :P
why isn't the apple site working?!
Done. That's make me 99674. Good luck and happy St. Pat's day!
Mostly a pain in your ass! Thanks for putting up with me for the last 7 years. I love you
also thinking Hartford! Maybe for the half!
There's a woman here who does "on my last leg". She only has one leg.
you were already invited! Make it happen soon!
just had a frozen hot chocolate.....i like it.
#FF Follow this marvelous girl! so fabulous!
do you remember the girl who lifted her shirt in seattle tacom? What was your reaction???!
#FreshBoyBand seriously has the sexiest voices
Would you resign Blanton?
Lmfao is this kid for real!!? omg.. Too funny
Regarding Seau's death, seems there's some circumstantial evidence suggesting brain injury but we don't know for sure.
Ok ill check it out. Thanx :) are you releasing an EP or album anytime soon?
If you're trying to sell at the Jamboree you need to email us.
-..um ..psshh what do you know about that son ....
Listening to some biddy say due to the fact her country pays everyone a good salary she doesn't understand tips. I get paid $2.30 an hour...
Both are available, although I am booking shoots, so mornings are best, say 11:00.
I dont remember anyone helpin me out when i was starvin, now i got cake, u bitches wanna hold something, nigga ill let u hold a hollowtip!
I hope it come
Really enjoyed the webcast with 16th cannot come fast enough.
ah that sucks. Sorry/:
“: Today is 50th anniversary. Wilt avg 50.4 PPG that season. Oscar Robertson averaged a triple-double.” which is more impressive?
Did you do a whirlwind tour/twitterview? curious about your experience.
Save some money on a nice dinner through www.crowdclick.com - 50% off at Tulip Mediterranean Restaurant!
Good job team
Yes sir!! RT : He's alive! Time to party 🙌🔥
if the LORD chooses me to be the mother of Jesus's 2nd coming I WILL pee my pants omg I'll be so FUCKING psyched! Sorry God! :)
2nd game this week. Guess I'm a real fan now.
Adele taking 5 years off from singing to focus on love?! Will this be a happily ever after?! Tweet ya later!!
Lol better than writing a research paper.
Be our 400th follower and win an ice-cold PBR t-shirt.
State Rep Jason Isaac is moderating today's debate.
All around the country
Just a quick jaunt to Miami, nbd.
Are you serious!? RT : Just got a black eye from the hail
People wear beats like necklace more than headphones
There's always two sides to every story.
The chart has only criminal laws. Did you also put together common law/civil chart? e.g., Capitol Records v. Naxos in NY?
So happy Quinn (Dianna Agron) is okay!! just had her on air..
Check out MiniBük samples at #NSAUN exhibitor: Blooming Twig Books. An esteemed MiniBük Value Added Reseller! See new book too!
that's cool! I think I have to go back to the store!!!
yup so you gone add me
Great photography skills!
after reading the grand jury testimony it's hard 2 argue with u. In addition to the evil acts there were gross acts of omission
Yes, that is why my swine-loving family is celebrating mom's day there next month.
Thanks Jen! :) But you are too!!!
So addicted to #skyrim. Will I ever paint again?!
The number of contributors to issue 6 is about to quadruple. Keep sending your beautiful art, beautiful people.
Too broke to buy the Washed Out album today. I hate waiting.
RT : Congratulations! Your JustCoz page has been activated. You can start recruiting supporters!
Drink because you are happy, but never because you are miserable. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
Just finished watching SPAWN, the CGI sucks ass... I thought it was the shxt when I was a jit tho. 😒😂
I'm up earlier actually but don't hop on the webs till a bit later ;)
Dani wants to know what the medication is and how she can get herself a prescription for it...
cause baby tonight, the DJ's got us falling in love again.
#ColorMeBlack in full swing
Had a fun morning today in #Queens beautiful weather to get out on meadow lake, lookin 4ward to the next class!
Dorothee Solle~ If my hands are fully occupied in holding on to something I can neither give nor receive.
Our Visitors Center will be open for Spring Trolley Shopping on March 31st!
I'm on my patio with a winter lager!
oh is that all :) every day, I long to worship
I hate when I have to confirm my email to sign up for something.
Yes, thus makes total sense. Underpaying. Yeah.
Its cool RT : i misread drews tweet about money wooops
Sorry. I can't find your DM. Please try again...
thnx! I will have to look this up on Hulu tonight
That awkward moment when you confuse your friend by saying jklo or jmo .. #TheICONicThings -
God damnit. I fucked up my mustache while i was shaving....i look like Hitler now. Ima just shave the whole thing off now lol
the show was asdfghjkl AMAZING<3 & Dave & Buster's was so fun! :D
Where can I get a decent bike for a decent price
Mmoss just played the shortest opening set I've seen in a long time
RIP, Whitney Houston. An icon that sang about the "Greatest Love of ALL". Remember that tonight. Sad and too soon for her to go.
Hehe alright :) You're welcome and well I was already awake by then but thank you ^^ love you most xo
Question: Do we have wi-fi in the room? Answer: Yes, in all #scms12 conferencence rooms and most public spaces. See you there.
Ok, time to start The Hunger Games on my lunch break. Woot. Time to join popular culture.
come get me from school
If today is a day you honor, honor the reason everyday, If u visit a church don't make it ur once a year quota....
Uh NO!
Last week of March Madness. Are you close to your 25 classes?
#FF hope you are having a GREAT week!
This game being fixed seems so much more plausible than someone being this bad at their jobs.
did i tag you?...no
Happy Monday, ! Glad 2 have you following. Be sure 2 check out for the latest in all things mktg, adv, PR and design.
If it doesn't grow walk or swim, don't eat it.
Ok So OMG Girlz new Song Got Me Jammin This Morning Lol "Where Them Boys At, Where Them Boys At" lol
Jets back up is better than the starter now marks gonna get his feelins hurt when that crowds starts chantin tebow. tuffin up
Bar top quote of the night "People will not look forward to posterity who never look backward to their ancestors" EB (sup )
I think the performance group is looking for publicity in all the wrong places
Thanks for ALL the printed collateral for #BabyBashBling! I appreciate your #professionalism #creativeness #graphicvision!
Leaving wifi...bye!
Anybody at #TEDxWDC want to "independently organize" a way to support the Treyvon Martin rally at 2pm? Wish I could be in 2 places @ once...
I love catching people in the middle of lies! Hehehe;)
Sorry I didn't get to say bye, but I'll be back in DC in a few weeks...maybe we'll be co-workers? ;)
u mean the song?
my elbow KILLS dude .
stand up mixers & accessories make a gal feel invincible!
I love you and all but sit yo ass down! Lmfao
join us March 5 for our Reno bus trip. There will be drinks, food, and plenty of fun! Above all, your $$$ benefits our program. Stay tuned!
They will have that cake!!
Yeah, it feels baller, but it's already half empty.
"#Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen." Goethe #quote #believe #create #success #write #art RT
Another two and a half hours. This is crap
yeah late night practicing!
that pumkin pie turned into more of a pumpkin soup in a very thin bread bowl...bummer
Blonde Joke Competition tonight hosted by getting us ready for #sundayfunday and
I will praise the Lord as long as I live; I will sing praises to my God while I have my being. #Psalm 146:2
i'll never let you go..♪
The persistent buildup of acids causes acidosis which is responsible for bone loss, imflammation, premature aging and more.
Oh wow!! I've never felt one!
At the library!! I ain't gonna lie, I havent been here in years 
:) how are you?
Thank you for letting us help! RT : Big thanks to for raising money for a great cause!!!!
just heard nba about $100 million apart based on last years revenues
whaaaaaaats going on
#Derek #Jeter to test market
I wish cancer got cancer and died.
#Everton keen on bringing #Beckham back to EPL
#Question Who is your favorite Ray?
East nashville underground tonight! 607 s 12th
Last week of summer vacation :(
What happened to you guys on Friday? No email to let me know u weren't coming? Thought u were pumped for #Hot100 ?!!
Rookie Of The Year/Backseat Goodbye at The Rochester American Legion Hall tonight! 8pm $10
I'm on a mission man
Pfizer Animal Health Names Dr. Christine Jenkins as Group Director, U.S. Veterinary Medical Services
We have a real problem in the country. It's called the Republican Party.
I hate when you wanna do things that I don't want to .
Personalize your Wristbands at NYC Printing 123. You can Customize your wristband using our Paper Tyvek, Silicone, and Vinyl. Call now...
Did you hack with us this weekend? Let's see a tweet from all of you!
Madonna said it best in Human Nature - "I'm not your bitch don't hang your shit on me."
I'm over my cube. #goodriddance .
also, did you see my celtics come thru in the clutch? yeah. that's right.
How do you know they don't?
No...The Bulldog owns me :)
strode barefoot down the road strewn with the debris of broken glass hearts.
Like umm Wesabi but about menses not money!
Why does it give me anxiety when my truck is a mess? Is anyone else like this??
what did she do ?
lol. fox, cnn 'confused' by democratic votes for santorum. fun watching the despots of disinformation gag on someone else's subterfuge.
And so it begins...
THIS “: I should drive a Chevy because it will survive the apocalypse and a Ford won't? One word, Chevy: Bailout.”
This is my tweet complaining about Blake Griffin flopping. That is all.
Thanks for hosting #smreboot! Nice chance to put faces to names. Thanks for participating. Helpful ideas.
im fallin' fast, but the truth is im not scared at all <3
It grinds my gears when someone is like tell me the truth and then gets mad when someone tells them the truth. Lol
lol are u serious !! I'm still a beast on the court .. Idk but I want to
Vogel can't keep going to his bench in playoffs like he did in season. Has to lean more on starters. Bench just not that good.
Librarians like all Americans need to get on board to cut spending. Find better ways to do things, not more expensive ones.
When all else fails... try smiling!
.: I'm amazed there aren't more art critics w/ blogs. has a big platform on FB, but where are the rest?
Rdm fact- NM's fav food item is spelled CHILE and in '83, Sen. Pete Dominici made it official by putting it in Congressional Records.
God has really put something on my heart today ! Thinking about starting my own movement/ organization #stop bullying
' may I barrow it for tomorrow?
I was listening to Elton John, but I might have to pull out the big guns to survive the day. I need to turn this day around.
Randomly smile, it makes people wonder what your thinking...
Attending college doesn't guarantee you a job... You have to network for yourself & showcase what you gained from your education.
I WILL NEVER APOLOGIZE FOR WHO I AM!
stay tuned
Apparently Noel's on there too. The true Oasis talent.
What's the Boot Camp? And can you help get a #LNYHBT tee?
Is this going to be a new contest?
Good morning all!! Saturday!!!
Next thing you know, Gary Neal will be wearing a Reinforcement on his head.
is looking for 3 people to review restaurants/bars, movies/music, and concerts for a new segment on our radio show.
its so weird planking cause me and my friend do it all the time we plank on mailboxes cars houses anything we can think lol
This game gets so competitive !!!
I think females should start talking as much shit as these niggas do .
Wikipedia is "right" more than you give it credit.
twitter party, leggo
Has anyone come across studies on the Ryan Gosling memes, including publications or conference presentations? cc
Marigold, my love you've had too much to drink.
i also sent you the jpeg artwork link for precise single "it's on me" check your gmail inbox.
Starting to get jealous of my crew at #SXSW this year. Stagger through Austin for me, guys. :)
oh wow. Didn't even know you were in town! Travel safe!
Of course! is the HUGE story.
On a regular day I am me....
Real talk: What's w/ all the dick drawings on green room walls? Not offended, just never personally had the urge to draw a dick on anything.
Mark Belling says, "they don't hate us because we're bombing them", seriously? What planet is this guy from?
I said God teach me your ways he said i did its called the bible nigga lol
at an interview today justin said "suck my dick" YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE TO ASK BBY.
Great show!
haha don't worry, me too
Isn't Wisconsin a province of Southern Canada?
No worries, if you don't call your customers, your competitors will ;-)
YOU FOLLOW ME ? WHY I UNFOLLOW YOU IF YOU NO FOLLOW ME
ur welcome bro!...if you want you can add me on facebook...Steven Evans
For our business, LinkedIn sends us way more traffic than any other social network.
TWILIGHT NOV. 18TH BITCHES!!!! FUCK YEAH!!!! TEAM JACOB! :-D
I hit a lull with my car. Nothing happened.
Is Juxta easy or hard to use?
Next up: Amanda French's Plenary Address
When i see 8th graders who still dont know the difference between 'your' & 'you're'
After close inspection, I had a sizable chunk of glass in my heel. After 30 min of tweezing, I have less skin, no less glass, a dull throb.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !!(:
your kidding me right?.....-_-
Sweet find!! Thanks for the heads up! <3
Rough day, an episode of shark tank will help the batteries recharge
u from philly?
im great how are you?
Thanks for the FF!
when ur gonna have a Sweet 15 and u want to be their but u know that that will never happen but it cool :')'
We need more positive black men in this world.
why thank you Sir Ian *smile*
Retrain Tip: Learn to work smarter during exercise by understanding ur body over time. "In youth we learn, in age we understand"
lets go to the strip club !!!
I love that I packed away my back-up external harddrive so good, I don't know wtf I put it. Smh
seriously. save yourself the masturbatory tweets.
Yep, pretty weak though at our house RT : 5.6 magnitude earthquake felt in #midmissouri. Did you feel it?
Happy birthday
Watched another YouTube video. People upload stuff there all the time. If I leave it will just keep happening. I have to be kind to myself.
I was sober 54 minutes ago
Welcome to the stream. cc
#AutoRepair Car Service in Chicago
if you can afford to go across state lines....how out of touch is he?
2 monitor ur consumption of one med in it bc people were makin speed w it, gov can keep track by ur id of how much u use
we bought that BRAND NEW! ugghh
Good morning everyone! Be productive today!
Just got my blanket out of the drier, it's so warm ^-^
False! Purposely being late for a date is silly and immature IMO.
This nigga bout to make me Flash on him....Def not the 1 to play with right now
What happens in survivor pool if game ends in a tie? Only three and a half minutes left...
I know what you mean!
local video director is supposedly doing his video! His track is pretty nice! If all the I's and T's crossed!
#20thingsaboutme ; if a guy has a sexy truck, or he plays baseball / football I think that instantly make them 9282772 times hotter.
I love my mom because she is the best! She loves me no matter what, even when I get in trouble at school! She rocks!
of Breed, Fasmode Alumni is teaching the Fasmode workshop in SFV area 8pm!
This shit right here nigga.... #KattWilliams This that death
Where's Saruh?
i have an outlet mall by my house that has over 100 designer brand stores :)
Google considering "nuclear option" to stop SOPA; will fire actual Google-brand open-source ICBMs at capitol bldg in DC
Clay, what's up! I was there with other people actually, and they were getting there grub on. I will let them know
Just saw this for you creators Sr. Creative Director #Medford #OR (no telecommuting) sent out via $130K! Ping lydia 4more^ME
RT if you are on your way to see #EltonJohn tonight!
in n out for lunch
Thank u soo much for following (:
Pearl Bailey singer/actor on stage/screen was born 29 March 1918 & performed with Nat King Cole Cab Calloway & received Tony for HELLO DOLLY
Caltrans says greater than expected damage to a drain pipe forced Sunday's all day closure on Hwy 78. Story soon
When I drive by a student driver, I'm not being an asshole by honking & cutting them off. I'm just giving them a real life asshole scenario.
I shall adopt new views as fast as they shall appear to be true views. -Abraham Lincoln
I guess church is the new spot to get girls #at-church time to GO
I ddnt change. I just got tired of the bullshit.
This ish is crazy don't ever remember feeling like this dam you
The world is waiting to hear your ideas!!!! #JustDoIt ;)
RT : haters love to talk u down when bitches bring u up!!!
fuck Sandy! She gives Texas a bad name
True "strength" is passing on the bread...
Hope you guys got our message. If in Buffalo on Friday, invite for is indeed on the table!
That would certainly liven things up.
i'm bored lol
When I grow up, I wanna be a good dad, just like my dad. Love u pops. Thanks for making me the man I am today, I am truly blessed.
Stains on the carpet and stains on the memory You with photographs pictues of trickery
- such a poet..hahahaha
i miss you to :c
After handing out the suggestions, his teachers were very grateful. Always keep it postive and highlight strenghts.
Just heard a preview of new #music ! Be ready for this!
Im Coming to you Los Angeles Sooner than you think so prepare for outrageously fanatsic TALENT!!!!! =D
saw your video! Great job!
Free presentation by Dr. David Willis on the Behavioral Health Screen is filling quickly! Oct. 12 - RSVP to
>>ha! He's eating burritos watching me eat asparagus!! Lol
Dollywood? No wait, that's a coon's ear.....
follow they will promo yhu =] and they #followback #teamfollowback !!!!
Kentucky #derby - I'll have another - memories of grandad's gift - a colt named Tag A Long
Their the best!
Yes. Great dogs. I had Banh Mi Dog and split a Kimchi Dog with Matt Conrad. Duck fat fries too. Will go back.
*tiger roars* hello! :) RT : You can always hide in the traffic cave with me. :) cc:
I'm open-minded what did you have in mind ?
im like so tired. >.<
Thanks to ALL who participated in making the 2010 Forum so great. See you in St Louis!
What are your weekend plans #Indy?
#21CRadio A3 Sometimes I think big videoscreens onstage are more distracting than cool. Just because you can do it doesn't mean you should.
can your beautiful voice beautifully follow me..if that makes sense?
U whipped like cream on a Sunday
that was what he wrote to me mom. I will change it as soon as I get access to my computer again as I am not home. :-)
dm Do you really shower in one? Lol
“: you need a guidance counselor.. Or some other form of psychological help” honestly
Weird that Golden Corral has it? or is flowing chocolate weird to you? :-)
#TalentDividend, I am geared UP to talk to all of you! In just a few minutes!
Lundquist is on fire.
RT : "I look forward to the day when I will no longer be referred to as the first and only female president in Africa"...
where can I find that in the store?
Thanks for your appreciation. Send us your email id and we will send you a coupon for free
The win only serves as juxtaposition against the losses. It almost makes me want to cry more. Not sure Ned notices ANYTHING.
sweeping the kitchen now *points at the jazz*
Oh, that's a relief! I was picturing puppies with very stubby legs and wide backs.
- u sir r a coward! u cant meet with parents and u hide behind subordinates! u obviously know zero about education. resign now!
Laryngitis, please go away. This is ridiculous. I don't feel good. I need to sing the rest of this week.
no! I love that show! What channel did u find it on???????
Secret Life of the American Teenager.
You might be right Bynum Big ass shooting 3's now... But if a QUALITY big man emerges in the league. He WILL get paid
Jailed once again! FU Twitter!
Enjoy your photos. What is instagram? Is it easy to set up and use?
And what a beautiful path that can be....RT : The path 2 the Divine is just the distance from our head 2 our heart!
it's my first day off in months and i just decided about an hour ago to make a trip down. so excited!
pictures will be posted for sure.
If only all dressers had such drawers...
Being lumped in that group is an honor and totally badass.
yes ma'am!!
I would like to always LIVE in LOVE ❤
On the plane. LA here I come!
Just saw Soul Surfer - it's a must see -- talk about someone with courage who stuck by her beliefs. More guts than wimp out today!
To be absolutely certain about something, one must know everything or nothing about it.
In my informal poll 75% of people do not like peeps. I'm surprised.
ily followers :) Thanks plenty new followers :)
YES!!! PLEASE COME SEE ME??? Booth #40-it should be a pretty day!
What the hell are the Rams and Seahawks doing?
Let the 152 antioxidants strengthen your immune system. Order Organoderma tea, coffee,chocolate at www.drblackston.organoderma.com
- Trying 2 get on my Tweetdeck, but all it says is Not Authorized. Can u help? I click on What Does This Mean, but no clear help.
Just a two more weeks to get the lowest rate you can for the Heartland Worship Institute. Register at www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
no, we're gonna #makebabies 💜💜💜
my mom is finally going to give me one lol
Sveum hire = Ricketts going to overpay for Prince Fielder. Wait for it.
IT'S SHOCKING
I've forgotten about Lesnar, if it happens it happens, if it doesn't oh well.
... i really need to start my homework.......
did you survive today
you to!!
We trust you did just fine!
#ihatewhen parents yell at you and then 10 minutes later come in and say they're sorry for yelling .. every time they do yell at you.
Thunder on a 51-46 run at the end of the first half...
I am the UFO United funk official Commanding you to bust a move Or suffer with my missile
Suddenly thought about "The Boy Who Cried Wolf" today. Hope the 2012 prophecies don't happen that way. Familiarize us and then destroy us.
#Echelon3000 tonight !! We turnin up for Dj A Plus & Dj Blaze birthday! Ladies *FREE* all night ! Come!
This is starting to look like a great series
Trimming the tree & doing gingerbread houses tonight!
Summer volleyball league- check. Now all I need to find are some top-notch dance and cooking classes and I'm ready for summer.
OMG I wanted to cry
80F and sunny "in my region". I love LA.
Get down to 5706 Second Ave S in #Georgetown to support 's Spring Benefit Sale! 9a-1p today! via RT
I'm going to water board a woman into marriage.
Scott Walker isn't our leader...
It's awesome I still get new followers <3
lesson learned! but it ultimately my fault for a last minute trip :)
I unplugged it and it gave me the same address
time to get in the weight room
how many are there? I want to do the cocktail club but I feel like it will take forever.
Does anyone know what is going on with the Quicksilver event on Long Beach?
I've seen WSJ and other MSM outlets link to him. That needs to stop. Got to call attention to it.
Hiya Sarah! Would love to have you on my follow list hun! Much love x
nothin, bored af. what you doing
fine points! Ccommunication thought of as disctretionary = failure.
Happy 4th Twitter Land. Enjoy BBQ. Wear sunscreen.
Just getting off work & The first thing I want 2 do is Thank da Colts 4 taking Luck#12 can't wait 2 Hav Real QB n DC RGlll :-) Thurs @ 8baby
Creating metadata definitely falls into that category too!
im not. I'm just being lazy, i dnt want to stress these exams too much that way I don't blank on them
RT : Today in Jewish History (1895) The 1st founded, in Boston as Federation of Jewish Charities. Now
Remember how we could talk for hours? Now we can barely look at each other.
Dirty dimes don't shine...
you both got RTs from Leonidas? Wow!
Cookout time
but its getting there, I have been meaning to update the FB page.. but don't worry, its on my TO-DO list! lol
they make a great cpl rt If Ben is the nxt Bach I am Happy 4 him but my hrt belongs w Ashley & JP
Every boy wants to be a rapper !!!
Environmental Professionals can now join EPS (Environmental Professional Squad) to get more jobs in their area! www.yourpts.com/eps
When we say we're community-supported... RT : Sherlock 2 on Masterpiece ... ROCKS! Wish I could spend all my toll $ on
be a good girl
end of day, obviously, so you'll appreciate that light.
Today has been very productive. Oil change and car wash, great deal on new Penguin clothes from TJ Maxx, and hangs with the babe!
too much nose hair
thanks bro I try .
Same to you ladies! I hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving :)
We will be playing poker ... stop by and play a little.
Just saw off my buddies from Montreal! Great fashion show last night @ FANSHOES world cup country fan shoes launch! Look for the products!
: PSU needs to clean house of any and everybody that had any knowledge get rid of them all. if the janitor knew, fire him too
I'm amazed at the price increase! What are they offering to warrant the increase? We want a medicating area!
": I need someone to chill with 😔" i need someone to chill wit to
dude, are you serious? :pulls one out of back pocket that was sitting on dresser and expires in 10 days: Why yes, yes I do.
Sorry can't talk... busy hyperventalating.
Time for #cabin in the woods
Rich and Wealthy people read books. Poor people know everything.
Monday is Day! Just a heads up we will be doing a little #SUinNYC Lubin House check-in giveaway. Stay tuned for details
Doing some final touches to the album artwork, then starting a collab shirt for !
I'm bored
better now. Lol. You?
First time tweeting on phone. this will probably cost me $5 since i have no data plan.
where you live?
you'd be shitty if somebody was yellin about somebody stealing ur phone when u just lost it!
Mother's Day weekend. Most everyone I know is having a party or going out of town...TeresaY
You are needed!
To good for my own good. U need to catch up, to fast for ya. We wanted that shit yesterday. On to the next 1
Not too many good ones this trip, but I'll pick a few of the better ones and send this week. Museums & Harbor Mkt next trip!
I am happy that accepted me to be the newest member of #BrickSquad my expertise in home construction finally paid off
if the virtual spkr thing works out, please do keep me in mind; I'd be delighted to speak about librarianship outside the box!
I still turn to you <3
Got alot done today. Finished 7 bags. I'm going to be extremely busy tomorrow. This show better not suck lol
Wake me up before you go go go,
#20factsaboutme 10. My favorite color is blue.
If you meticulous clean your volcanoes they will burn slowly and never erupt
