i miss you danni (:
Teague is nice.
should invite me to his 18th birthday party.
the things that run through my mind
It's a beautiful day for the first day of Farmers Market!
Our Valentine's Menu will be on our website later today. Fabulous flavors with fresh fruit and beautiful designs. Already taking orders.
Okay im sleepy , goodnight. ❌⭕❌⭕
Still, no one is as good as Mr Griffin
Fuck You, Pay Me!
I’m done being sad over you. I have enough stress without you adding to it and I won’t let you be the reason for my tears.
Impossible doesn't exist.
Austin has a sexy radio voice. <3
Wanna send a last S/O to all the mother's in the world. I truely hope all u ladies had a wonderful day, u deserved every second of it.
I got respect for both teams, but I gotta go with the
Greatness. RT Michael Jordan's flu game (1997 NBA Finals Game 5): 38 points, 7 rebounds, 5 assists, 3 steals, W
Glad you remembered you had them. cc
I like how you've been tweeting back, but haven't answered my text messages. Too many forms of communication.
As soon as possible. I'm bored. I haven't had much weed.
McDonalds-->School-->Home
Who is responsible when the "active park assist" hits something? The car maker? I wouldn't be, THE CAR DID IT!
Wondering why you didn't get a response. Then realizing you never sent the text.
Still cannot believe it. Cripe!
Same to you, ladies! Enjoy your day!
Unfortunately, internet authority is from having one of the top two slots on Google. A reputable brand isn't enough.
is it different from regular twitter? Whyy do I still not understand twitter!!! Lol ugh fml
Need to jump start a health kick? Try our Tomato Vesper & Mr. McGregor's Garden - made with muddled heirloom radish!
not lying lol
Bored and tired
Since You Only Live Once , use your life the right way and be YOU and no one else:) God gave you life and he can take it back too.
Classical music develops EVERY human capacity: from most physical (technique) to highest intellect/spiritual challenges!
SWEET pic! Thanks for sharing!
6 more wks of this weather? Done! : A terrifying shadow = 6 more wks of winter!...We haven’t even had winter yet.
Why am I so addicted to Call me Maybe. .____.
We learned that economic growth and environmental protection can and should go hand in hand.
I love
The problem with people is they wish they didn't have problems and when they meet someone who's blessed they think they don't have problems!
#nwill2011 - usability testing opens our eyes to the user experience
Kobe's shot >>
What's up prophyte?! Just trying to make it mayne!
Really interesting look into the world of "preppers" from in today's Buffalo News.
good luck in whatever it is
The one number you need for all your business telecoms requirements: 0844 880 2010
where's the queen of Okc?
: yea yea
Hello how all is well
Artists! Win 2 tickets to the WPA Gala! Best tweet on “Why I love WPA” before Friday noon wins! Use #wpadc to show us what you got!
thanks for whooping me
I may be as skinny as you want me to be but hey it's my life not yours. Focus on your own shit. K thanks.
Not exactly a shock given Abrom.'s history. Let the naming games begin.
hahahah that'd be awesome. Lush has cute little soaps and such 😊
Want to get fit?? Boxers are among the most conditioned athletes in the world.
it was a pleasure meeting you tonight!
My mouth will eithr cause me my funeral or bring forth life. Life and death IS in the power if the tongue.
If I ever fall in love.
Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak. Sometimes, it just means that you've been strong for too long.
ti all my #Seahawks.. good job on second straight win.. 12th got you guys..
dang!!!! Lol shoot I'm getting skinny! Not fast enough tho help a ninja out!
Miss you too!! I do miss VYT. I don't miss tech week, however.
We have officially broke our record for the # of site visits in a day, again. Second time this month. Thanks #BBN!
Sugar Shane had 2 give up his 3 Title Belts in the divorce settlement along w/ half of the AMX Points? what the heezy?!?!?!
to become diamond at sc2 (and to become masters if i achieve that) jk. why so deepious.
Home from work and first thing I see are the missed FTs and loss from the Heat. I HATE EVERYBODY
The American dream is NOT a handout!
hung ill beat everybody he battled except dinnininon...even Hitman. AND....the nigga had CRAZY performances. Goods takes L's
“: i'm in need of some stress relief MAJOR. would this be a good option?!” <
Thanks bar staff for the lesson in fernet and vermouth.
I'm out of things to do at work. Awesome.
At any time in space you may come across bags of astronaut urine, feces, waste. Jettisoned maybe 50 years ago.
I'll have what ur having!!!!!! You da man!!
it also brought your occupy friends out of McPherson square to come protest us.
i got to go amanda see ya tomorow ok.bye
When you see a teacher in the students bathroom.
Got there & he was maje awkward. Prob partly me too. Gist of it: let him remain flirtless. I had a good time conversing w other fun gents.
this is so clearly SOULMATES! How is that not obvious? ;)
"in reality its you that i really want ,but sadly he's the one i need "
Read it with an open mind lol
rugby time with
Join us for This is Not a Book Club on Feb. 21st at 4pm at the Main Library. Activities for ages 8-11. Pre-register online or at 282-4607.
The ViSalus Body by Vi Challenge has helped thousands of people achieve their personal health and fitness goals.
RT COME ON BULLS
"Don't put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade. The only time you're ever living is in this moment."
and when you talk, everybody stops, 'cause they know you know just what to say yeahh
Active Care is proud to announce our new #weight-loss program. Find us today or call us 847.749.076 to set up an appointment!
And it's obnoxious how we believe the world does - or should - run on either Eastern or Pacific time.
oh I thought it was a fancy Naples film reference I didn't get. Good to know I'm not the only one thinking about food.
Porter Robinson tonight Hmu for guest list! You won't want to miss this!
Arguably the best to wear it. RT : I hope its not, but If what I heard is true, SC needs to retire #55 forever.
You mean like: "Accounts and descriptions may not be distributed without the express written permission of Major League Baseball." ?
Kicking my morning coffee habit for the next few weeks...Already yawned about 794 times.
My short story EVP is being published in a literary magazine. Progress!
You know it's going to be super cold tonight, and it's only going to get worse...just saying, who doesn't like to be warm???
Who shall get pushed?!
Hungry? Follow us for some great deals on great bites throughout the congress center this week.
Whether to count RTs depends on your purpose. RTs and the choice of which to RT is still an expression of sorts.
How is your tour been going for you.I hope it is going great and i wish you the best.your amazayn and dont for get it
National TV love for 49ers and Raiders in 2012-13 NFL season
you just jinxed yourself. Light rain coming your way, but emphasis on LIGHT. Especially compared to yesterday!
Thanks for the info! Have a great day!
double OT ugh
that was fun! thanks to Nancy Coplin and for having me at the ABIA. now off to pack for NM tour!
I'm such a nerd!!
yay! Yes and we are footie fans! (real Madrid :p)
Love the pics! Did you actually take them?
It's that time of the week again...swing dance! We will see you at 8 tonight!
#Katia, where she's going and why the East Coast could see a repeat wp.me/PBNDC-PU
For someone who dresses like a ragamuffin, I spend an inordinate amount of time dress shopping.
I'm thinkin' lately I can't have relationships ;cos lately they're not making any sense...
It was good to see you at the game bro
Mayor: "no cuts from local funds to homeless services." Without replacing fed $, many will be homeless.
I turned spell check off so I'm most likely spelling everything wrong. Oh well, oh well.
I truly wish people would grow the fuck up and help take care of their children.
Remember in the morning.? lol.!
thing in 2009, but Jose Molina started for AJ Burnett in Game 2 and 5 of the ALCS. Girardi needs an attitude check. Don't yell at the media
aww you mean the 14 y/o's dominating the popular page wasn't enough?
Niall is obsessed with Barack Obama. He knows everything about him.
Discover Human Rights in the lower grandstand - test your knowledge and win a prize!
I'm so blessed to have my Babygirl. I know she loves me unconditionally!
Awesome! Go get 'em!
Marc Anthony on repeat!!
another day in life of 1-person biz owner: why can't shipping depmt get 100% orders right, not 99%, or 97%, are there any out there that do?
Ky. death toll from tornadoes rises to 19; more than 35 dead nationwide
thank you! The mini will rebroadcast tomorrow night in place of Sportslocker. Did you run??
great! Do you live there?
This season has been thoroughly enjoyable. Thanks to I got to see all the shows. Can't wait for next season!
Hi Jenn. Thanks for the follow. Nice to have someone in the industry in my Twitter stream!
Doing work.
Shit don't ever turn out right ..
you know I don't do that
L'Shanah Tovah to all our friends celebrating Rosh Hashanah. Many years to all of you.
ugh! beter have your ipod charged!
im so scared, that now everytime my cat looks into space, i feel like its there.
Thank you, & for the RT's! :) Much obliged!
Walking behind the "ghetto Indians"
Okay, okay! I dedicate it to Berni and her hair! lol
": ❒Single ❒Taken √ Dick too big, might kill somebody."
I'm there, where will it be held?
Whenever I see your name I can't help but smile
#HowAboutWe drink until we die? :o
Looking forward to my first seminar of the year tonight upstairs at
I vow to smash dis shit!!!
Today is one of the first Saturdays that actually feels like one.
driving me crazy lol
Just a reminder to join us at the golf show March 9th-11th. Come by and say hi and see what's new for 2012!
Thanks and have a great day!
Good point! But I hate unformatted / unchanged Tweets on FB :(
remember driving for 2hrs looking for a hotel in PA? Same thing today!!! Natural Gas instead of Harleys though
Hahaha ... I wish y'all could see Barack right now!!! He is HAMMERED!!!!! No, he's not a light-weight, he's just been drinking since 3 p.m!!
Enjoying my DVR... "Go back to when is trying to open the car door." lmao
which beach? I'm in NC too
Praise baby Jesus for this day of Friday. Bring on the weekend aka my sleep coma.
I haven't received email notifications since April 28. All of my notifications settings are on ("checked") Pls troubleshoot-Thanks
How many of you Mahomies are gonna be seeing under your Christmas tree this year?! (;
Will I see you at Jobtini event today? I just called Citrus Restaurant. A lady told me this event is cancelled. ;(
if I know what warter was..
Nice picks, got Wooster over Witt though. Other than that same.
thank you :]
"It ain't none of yo friends business..."
thanks for joining us, happy to have you aboard!
We have the highest quality healthcare on the planet, if you're rich enough to pay for it. No Money? Tuff luck sucka
What did the pimp say to the blond girl with 2 black eyes??????
Whats the Brewers in game text the booth number?
Hanging out with good people leads to good things. Thank you for the porch time
Most of us spend our lives as if we had another one in the bank. - Ben Irwin
everyone is goid & sleep. Kuds are ready for Easter. How us yours
Heard a rumor Mallick was jealous Hellman directed doppelgangers of himself and Kubrick, but not Mallick. Any truth?
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good. Luckily, this is not difficult.~Charlotte Whitton
Going to a 1D concert this year for sure.
Obviously he should hire me to tweet for him.
I had a mini heart attack when I saw Austin's new pictures♥
Where do you find inspiration for your tattoos?
It's okay! We will protect you!
Now Adele is dead? can I have Super Bowl tickets? I've lost my grandmother and my favorite pop star in a week!
My brother's dog just ate my senior high school year book.
I just want to make huge pit of fire in my backyard and throw people in it.
Vip at this and billionaire boys party.. Sweet
worst migraine today for me too, must be the copious amounts of coffee+sun=dehydration
Philly is just so beautiful today!
I'm going back to sleep, good night losers <3
u have ur best birthday yet, and of course many more to come. Bless ur Family
good point.
the witch??? wtf did she say
Extremely proud of my wife for her brilliant interpretation of Mozart's Sinfonia Concertante tonight.
Awesome! Excited to see you there :D
Boyz over everything
why doesnt anyone believe he did NOTHING! show some support for him.. this is where HIS beliebers come in. #lovelovelove<3
do raquel suck?
unions raise all wages ... Take your Koch-funded bullsh*t elsewhere
good luck! anything we can do to help?
The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born. That's nonsense. Leaders are made rather than born.
Here I am writing a report but feeling End-of-Fridayish when my friends invite me to the intriguingly named 'Goosetown Tavern' ... (log out)
Dave Matthews seriously makes my day.
I'm here so I'll see you soon!
we're cute.
naps are never bad
Timbers come back from down a goal to win for 1st time
Happy Late Bday! Hope you got some email addresses!
gud look s/o
oh no why
I read my 22-year-old daughter the tale of Andros Andros at www.exalley.com. She wanted the link.I shared it....Now I'm quaking in my boots
Hearing boyfriend on the radio outside and running downstairs and into the backyard like your life depends on it
what it does homie
why is there a crisis in greece at exactly the same time my parents vacay there? *spooky*
I need to change my user name to Oh Miss!
“: your dumb” you're*
I believe the interior is just fine for GM if you wanna be massaged go to a spa or buy a rolls royce
Vince Young signs with Buffalo
Law am jigsaw an
A civilian Sheriff who is NOT a cop is committed to public safety/smart law enforcement, not only to old boys' special interest groups.
happy earth day! getting my free coffee at theBuck
sorry I never called Saturday! I was in bed before 12.
look at my instagram!
I am so sorry dude! Put my foot in my mouth again trying to be funny :-(
I hate all of you
: edle you don't even knowww
Move your brightest/most energetic stds around the classroom to provide a catalytic effect for their classmates - a bit of rubbing off.
i know haha
Scene from outside ABCD in Bed-Stuy. Parents are gearing up to confront DOE on school's possible closing at meeting tonight.
RT : It's the National Day on Writing - share #whyiwrite with - or, , at the Writing Center...
I appreciate art and know plenty of artists, but don't sell or buy art. Mostly don't buy due to lack of funds. :-/
Running scared is on such a great movie
got the NEW "MAX WEBER: COLLECTED METHODOLOGICAL WRITINGS" WOO!!!!!! so psyched! ok I feel better now
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world..
Why does everything love related now a days seem so depressing.......... i guess it's cause they don't have tumblr in their lives...
I usually like to use the couch or the carpet as my napkin
Very grateful for the follow back from They're a life-long inspiration.
So i thought it would be sweet every TREND ME
also, something trying to be folk art in that way he attempts to, cannot be folk art. Folk art just is-there is no try.
Jus got off work. Gotta go get my laptop. Do laundry. Go grocery shopping. Cook. Clean my room. & do my homework.. this is too much!!!!!!
Why are they saying CSU is the top university in Cleveland? Tell them they're wrong. Come on, Tom, tell 'em!!
They just want to mess around and forget bout peeps but I'm more than that. I aint that easy.
I will be sharing tools & resources from The History Lab at #NCSS12. Looking forward to seeing everyone in Seattle.
Tonight - Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc - Lotus Nightclub | ABQ's Best Danceclub
that's fantastic! It means a lot to hear that :)
off to london tomorrow for a week.
At the airport right now feeling super tired...
Recently featured: Nothing to My Name – Robert Peake the elder – Canadian heraldry
": In love with 's tweets to right now." Ya jack luv meh
I'm hoping that Humber is enjoying this newly-founded media attention
I know many people really liked him -: Terry, that story is sad, bizarre & hard to understand-Dr. Greenspan was my Dr!
Lmao RT : if you're a girl and don't have one pic with at least 50 likes on instagram you ugly lmao
Chest pain so bad had to go to the doctors but so busy had to leave to open my store.
Girls who always write lovey-dovey things on their boyfriends' Facebook walls are like cats that piss on everything.
Says he was going to hit guys as hard as possible anyway so bounties didn't matter. It's still wrong Darren c'mon
Policy is often driven by the power of a good story. But there's also data. And farmers need to be equal partners. David Wallinga
“: Walking to chas's house half dressed >.<”as you would say "YOLO" lol
Happy Friday!
Life is so sweet make, the most of it and don't worry about the rest of it ~
Happy National Tourism Week!!! I've been in this industry for 22 years in some aspect or another and love it!
well shoot! Lol ;) how's Sunday look?
ask Jimmy about Janice Joplin
When I 'm with you, it's like nothing else in the world matters :) I get butterflies just thinking about you babe:)♥
have a profound day!
I'm still laughing. :oD
WELL UMMA TRY
My 9yo: "If there was a Barbie that looked just like her, I would buy it and play with it every day!" URSO beautiful & tlnted
HOLY MOTHER SWEETCHEEKS KSMSJXIIEBSBXJODBSBSBJD MOTHA OF SJXJHSVSHXJSICJDIS! THE BOYS SHARING OUR AIR IN ONE WEEK AGAIN!!!!!
Dave from on today from 11-noon! Let's hear what they're bring to this show June 2nd!
Mom:"Aww your so cute. Whatcha doing? Wanna go outside?" Me:"Mom, the dog can't understand you"...
double you tee eff?
Loaded Slate is filming a promotional video today at 1:30. Show up for shoot and Enjoy 1/2 off food and drinks from 2pm til shoot ends.
Thanks! Want to buy an enormous bedroom set???? And a bunch of high-quality IKEA furniture?
what a great hour! Thank you!
Congrats to new #CBJ head coach #ToddRichards (great last name btw)
Will Batman blow it out of the water?
can we take a two point shot no need to keep shooting 3..but I still have faith we will win! go #cuse!
sometimes... It depends on what is... Usually my tweets aren't all that profound at all.
Indeed :) RT : . An excellent group there.
I LOVE YOU!!! AND I'M COMING TO SEE YOU THURSDAY!!!
lol. I shop at Walmart! haha!
RT “: "If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney -”
People give up on love because they expect it to be easy and perfect love is hard it hurts but its all worth it when u find the right person
Gonna do black nails 2day :) a little tiger design on my ring fingers. Black toe nails.
SURF Report: 5/11/11 Pacific Beach 2-3 ft + knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 63°F
i got way to many blues for anymore bad news.
gosh, doesn't that just push all of your wrong buttons?
I can’t live without you baby♥ oh wait! I forgot! You’re not oxygen!
What software do you use to keep manage information you find online? Looking for a few good suggestions to explore.
Just clipped an entire web page to #Evernote. , you rule.
Shouts out to for following me and
I wonder where #KimboSlice is at right now?
I was patrolling a Pachinko-Nude noodle model parlor in the Nefarious zone
Me: oh lord, Sydney, you kill me. Sydney: You're not dead.. Haha love that little girl! :)
Duck and cover!
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Cheney worked his whole life so that only the rich could afford the type of surgery we paid for him to get. Should come out of his pocket.
Nice point.....Where is it from? Off hand it looks like an Eared Yadkin......
Lead the way on this one
while texting! Sounds safe
#FF thx4following & have a #green weekend!
yeaa I'm down
Interesting decor and good food at reasonable price! Where 917 Cathedral St Baltimore in Mt.Vernon
“ RT & FAV so I could follow you”
Oops! My bad! Have an awesome day Nia!
Thanks Charles
At a fancy resturant & looking like a bum. YOLO .___.
it better be! They are slowly but surely losing me. Bring on Emily!
at #tedxsoma. playing some douché Chris Anderson video (accent b/c we're at PariSoMa)
wow thats mean.
The human alone is endowed with the subtle-intellect which can contemplate and penetrate into the unknown Reality...
Tomorrow will be better.
Goodies makes the boys jump on it.!
Uh oh. He may be reading what we all wrote in his card.
I was thinking more like 2am or 3am lol. One of those legendary games that you tell your kids about. Oh well...
Crazy weekend approaching--show, shoot, and rehearsals for another show...
I guess I should still display proper "Twitter Etiquette" and thank you for the mention ;)
I know! If you are ever looking for help tasting in Cleveland, I'd be happy to volunteer :-)
This little guy needs lots of love to fight cancer at 3 months old #ff -->
He is a part of such a great all around offense, makes it easier on McCoy playing with Vick...definitely awesome though!
All the n64 games. All of them.
say "slick" one more time
RT : heading back to the city.. Where you coming from.
You guys. I think we all know that the way to #StopSOPA is Mark Wahlberg.
I MISS YOU TO. COME BACK TO ME MEOW! NOBODY UNDERSTANDS THE CRISTINA SIGN HERE!
I have so much to tell you !!!!!!! My feet hurt and I'm hungry, but I'm having for brunch :)
Eddie Johnson traded from Montreal to Seattle for Neagle and Fucito.
Hello Albuquerque and World. We are open for Auctions Business. We look forward to tweeting about what we have to offer. Come see us!
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
I laid up for hours in a daze
<3 you manage to sound educated and vulgar at the same time :) click follow it'll make me happy
Why are you #lying to sell books and #Marilyn media?? More #exploitation for a piece of the pie. It's been done!
Met Shane from today. How many people would like to see them play 's benefit show in october?
KC Star headline: How many NFL deaths can fans take? I'd guess quite a few. Many upset today will be on the couch on Sundays this fall.
Cannot. Fucking. Believe what is happening in the UK. Arrests instead of free speech and now Geert Wilders banned. It just gets worse daily
#Wine Word of the Week: Foxy-distinctive taste of the grapes & wine of some American vines especially Vitis labrusca and some of its hybrids
Where in the world is Carmen San Diego
I miss the way we used to be , when we d talk for 5 hours every night , I miss the way we hugged & kissed , I miss us , in general .. </3 /:
“: oh but there is and its name is Durantula!” the most swag of any other Jeremy Lin can hop off
right now?
": I just lost tic tac toe to a 7 year old . Twice . Lol wtf" just say you let him win, then its not that bad lol
FANTABULOSO TONIGHT! I feel like I'm gonna have a baby. let's git 'er done!
me and elle wanna know why every person who walks in starbucks is weird looking or dressed stupid. Lol
where did you guys get your shirts?
. Sad to see you go. You'll now be living in a tepid world of Theo Epstein twitter pretenders who aren't half the fake man I am.
Measured my hair again, 31 inches.
Thanks for the followers everyboddyyy!!!
would like to wish everyone a WONDERFUL HOLIDAY!!!
I am the biggest idiot
they are the best!
Agreed. Isn't harmless fun and laughs the real reason we're here anyways?
#sschat, love it for project based learning. It also works great to have students compare sources and develop the ability to evaluate.
Buck loves Patton. Has much more confidence in him than I do, or than the numbers indicate.
What will you do once that baby Jesus inside of you is ready to become visible to the world? Push #through the pain or abort the promise...?
Due to holidays overseas, Studio Visit Fall Edition, arrival has been delayed until late November / Early December.
Being at #weightwatchers all day makes me excited to be alive! Loving my job is prob the greatest gift karma could've granted me!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL!
Wonder who the Mavs are going to be blame for their failures now...
Yup that was weird... RT Did Harrington just kiss Penny Marshall? Wth
I need to go get that Nike tank top asap
Excited to see the new changes to TNA when you reveal them and your decisions as General Manager! Can I get a re-tweet?
omg - I am so hungry!! Thats what I get for exercising
check out my blogs at fishandthesauce.blogspot.com
Heard a rumor that could be the next bachelor... AWESOME. Never thought I would say, "I cant wait for The Bachelor to start!"
Today is just one of those days were everything and everyone pisses me of -____-
So glad I skated ALL day
Attendees: please log into your accounts and indicate shirt size & food prefs by the end of day on Monday 1/9. See you all in two weeks!
Thank you for walking into my life. You have really inspired me and 140 characters can not explain enough love i have for u!<3
I'm available!
Bring your sketchbook, camera or journal tomorrow at noon to #anhkc event A Day in the Art of…. An event to help rediscover and explore KC
For production inquiries:
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying; The fact that you aren't texting me right now..
I couldn't imagine any other world without a perfect God!
I wonder how many games have copied Tetris?
how sweet. Will do! Thanks!
Follow me and I will follow you back!! I love my body and dick!!:)
i'm here wit lexi being bored and a noobie at twitter??????
you're so pretty!!
Glee can you not make a perfect couple that makes me want to cry, because that stuff only happens on TV..
If you know someone is already taken, please respect their relationship. Don't be the reason they end up single.
There ain't nothing soft about my game.
Who can help me find a job
"She no longer needs you. And in her eyes you see nothing - no sign of love behind the tears cried for no one." ::the beatles::for no one::
I want my shirt so you know where my advice goes haha
You around thru next week? Would be great to catch up. you must meet our social lead on site:
The coolest episode of House is on
so much for being thoughtful
ugh...Pinterest off the bat...i'm going to get something to drink..
i was about 2 say
Do I CARE??
Against all odds the evil overlord Sarki has been vanquished by...the Fravengers!
Sucks for the ap worlders lol
Richard Branson you have not achieved success at success at success. You can do so much better.
The challenge is learning to become aware of your gut instincts, and then to trust them. What are some gut decisions you've made?
umm idk when do you get out of school :)
Really looking forward to sharing the stage with Rees Finley and Alex Pachino at Tommy's Place next Saturday! 3/24
No problem we always follow back we just haven't been on this account we usually use our personal (:
Wed 6/22 Mark Towns Solo #Latin #Jazz #Guitar @ Tasting Room 7-10pm
Yay, more frequent flyer miles. Boo, more flights.
Folks support Democrats on the issues - just don't believe we have delivered. GOP work to see Govt fail - if it worked, they would be sunk
Drink specials sound great! Go Bucky - Buck Furled!
Got a 28 (out of 30) on my Handgun Safety Certificate test.
keep feeding him. Lol. Hes gonna be huge.
Nigga soundin stupid ass hell. I simply got up & walked away from his dumb ass.
I'm becoming obsessed with hand sanitizer.
Unforch, no. You having fun?
Apparently, moon pies are the next dessert sensation. Death to the cupcake.
😱😱😨 Before Meagan Good, Raven Symone used to be my favorite RT : Raven Symone is a lesbian. cool
Nothing says TGIF better than our The Peppermint Chocolate Chip Milkshake!
Prom is so stressful:(
Got the same thing. Make sure to mail the envelope back so he has to pay postage.
Saw five people I know while driving this morning. Morning after prom walks of shame?
LOL I'm the only one you like.
I endorse this tweet RT: Y'all!
yea I said they would start getting nervous.. Tevez is back!!! Lol
Paul Canton on thee possible answers to this problem: Scientific Ontology, Set Theory, and Wittgenstein.
Hey! This is You! for so many people! Catalyst - a person or thing that precipitates an event or change
I used to. That's now. :) RT : Doesnt she tweet under as well as ?
Just read your profile completely, sounds so peaceful and good, then . . . assassin?
That moment when someone calls you and their like Im going to come find you and beat you up and your sitting there thinking are they stupid?
uh huh
done we will do something soon!
you've had a long day when the seasoned drag queen w/harsh rouge & runny mascara gives you a sister we're in the struggle look. <3d her!
I will follow bak
wow.. just watched episode 1 of brave new voices. not sure how I missed this last year. can't wait - dvd in sept - it's already netflixed
Goodnight everyone!
Watching Johnny guitar with Joan crawford!!!!! Amazing western where women are the cowboys!!!
so what do think by my last dm ??
dh=using new tools to pass on love of traditional materials
ONE-LINER: The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.
Last year an attendee said, “I found my perspective on ebooks adjusted.” Get your adjustment on 10/12/11. www.ebook-summit.com
RT : reach for GREATNESS today!!!!! or fall for FAILURE !! (via )
Up to you. Both about the same.
Hahahah - “: PIggy and Kermit arriving on the carpet! Longest-lasting relationship in Hollywood! #eredcarpet”
Whatever happened to western stories? Does no one write them anymore? The shelf at the bookstore is so small.
Foot massage on the beach... I'm in Heaven!
No worries there, I will.
Happy New years to you Ben J. From your biggest fan, Antoine. Got your Cds and love your music! I will do anything to meet you
Exactly where I want to be.
its 3:22 where i live
agreed. That has to happen.
Can't wait for the power shower
I've been there man, trust me. My best advice is: baby steps.
same issues we had the year before Capers ?? Strange.
cutaway idea. Put Seth Macfarlane in a episode. Have him make fun of the idea that some people think he is gay! I would laugh!
Shamrock Stumble is 58 Days Away!!!.......Get to Zen Den Saturday night for my last night there. Cheers
Cru De Gra spots are filling up quickly, don't be left out!
lol yea I would say that would be smart haha
That awkward moment when everyone is talking about their skills and talents and I'm like, "I can breathe."
Saran rapping dozens of toilets and cars tonight. I wonder how many people are gonna pee on the floor and wanna kill us.
welp thats up to the sens or the rangers... honestly looks like the sens might win the series but idk if they can kock out philly
WeLoveRianDawson because he is an awesome drummer!
already at home and I get a message of my best friend natalie :c I miss that girl so so much I need a hug :c
Food tastes so much better when its someone else's :d
RT " #NHL with a great schedule. One game today and you play it at 12:30. Fucking lame." try 930am west coast
Off to Las Vegas for the next few days!
They have a solid leader in Mike Holmgren and I'm still a little hopeful for Colt McCoy.
The "COLLAB MIXTAPE" Is complete.Any other songs that will be added to the cd will be included as bonus tracks from #TEAMVIP . . . .
Did you find anyone occupying that were not homeless?
Finally found packaging,now I'm working on revision3 for front, back, and sides. So much fun to use my creativity & develop a brand
Off to NY till Tuesday. No poker till then :(
has the best seat in the game
Brian Wilson= weird beard
yeah I haven't talked to u in awhile. What's up?
is going off lol
#SANDERSSUNDAY love it(:
no tim
yeah but at this point, you'd be blind to have not heard of it if you've been on your twitter or FB in the past 2 days
You know that you can turn it off right?
Also can purchase wifi separately in individual rooms, also about $10 per day.
And Frank means a hot-dog and Frankie is a guy's name.
and you said I never have time to talk to you lol
Congrats on winning the 2011 NAVSA grad student paper prize!
really doe 5 rings 2nd all time in points and da best laker eva which is da best team of all time
Since I don't what I'm doing today
I did it! I voted!
Free like you make me 🎶
Good to see that the Westword has no idea what they're talking about regarding arcade games.
Gotcha! ": nf can I get a follow back"
grey haired (or head?)
Congress announces that Pennsylvania raise another battalion of soldiers from the back country.
hahaha! Thank you so much!!
The Year Of Fear is on its last weekend come see if you will survive we open at 7pm!!
My Paw Is THe Bird Man, Im Rich As A White Man
RT“ Somebody horny on my tl.......”
When a red hot man meets a white hot lady, Hoop diddy diddy - Hoop diddy do!
haha I bet u laughed
Congrats on the house. Long, tiring road, but I know you'll make it worthwhile in the end.
Happy Third Birthday to our beautiful princess Mandy Elizabeth!!! We love you so much and are ready to party with you!!! Have the BEST DAY …
Have a great time!
game with
Sun isn't even shining but feeling bright and cheery today... And it's only going to get better! 
Has a close game going on in fantasy football.. Brady is gonna light it up tonight!
Miss you girl! :)
Think his elbow surgery was successful?
do they make a VST plugin to filter that out? ;)
Desigual shops are everywhere and fun to look at. Zara and Mango too. Wish the US had Zara Home: things are pretty and affordable.
happy almost birthday :))
Visit www.virtualclassroomsosftware.com for more information on online classroom software.
Just have to drink a LOT of water lol. How's life on the south side? Keeping busy?
Buy Heroes of Newerth. If you want an MMO try out RIFT. It's only 20 bucks on sale. Tell Requiem to buy HoN too :D
Going to try and post a video of us playing an acoustic song so you can get a taste of what we have to offer ;]
I'm so glad someone asked the biz model question.
I wanna see the video. Maybe NASCAR needs to get academy awards :)
Did u mean 2 say i did dishes? Or did u do ur dishes? RT coach_mooshu: Cooked a hot meal (yes, did dishes too:-), #BurgMYT 7
Have a good day big fella, show those twits how you can tweet!
Yes! I'm so sorry. Crazy busy lately. I'm around more next week. I'll call or drop by next week!
He seemed so in love with her.. I was bummed when they split.
Come to tonight at 5PM-8PM for 's Thirsty Thursday! Food, drinks, & live music, what more could you ask for?
Airport bound,hoping for a no screaming flight
Bout to go dumb tonight
I have to check that out and get back to you
We are all here for a spell; get all the good laughs you can
Aww TYSM can hardly wait to do it again next weekend :) #HappySUNday RT it was an honor have you here today!
Hi Mia, Thanks for following us. Have a great Sunday!
great bachelor party! Thank you guys!
I'm going to take back some of those things I've said about Bollig
so by that logic, I should freak out every time it doesn't rain in FL?
Need Programmers 4 #Iceland : Network,, Graphics, Core Technical Director, Sr Generalists and more
hey how the weather up there?
hahaha yes! That's the only thing I'm looking forward to about college.
#uCantBeToughAndSay that you're a Justin Bieber fan.
so, how is it?
is killing it on Leno!
WAKE UP IN THE MORNING FEELING LIKE.....going back to sleep.
I love waking up looking I got punched in thr eye :(
I'm gonna get back on twitter soon everybody! Been pretty busy but I WILL BE BACK!
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. John Quincy Adams
If you had done anything positive for America in the past year, today would have been a good day to showcase it.
Lol shouts to the money mike shrug
well #Robin- its just u haven't met some1 with the same qualities, pure of heart and fuckn great! *as u put it*
Tonight Started out beautiful :))) Ended up FAIL -__-
if u gonna go to the military at all go to the air force lol
I'm excited for tomorrow.
but ya know. christian symbolism always gets me.
They need to get there shit together... ": Choosing a new pair of shoes over paying a bill #Basic"
My bestie loves her<<<<<
#What2ChainzWouldSay Im 2Chains, you greasy. Ya pubic hairs too peasy. My paper stacked, too cheasy. I beat yo bitch, CHRIS BREEZYY!
oh yeah! time zones! Im cray!
Tomorrow is huge!!!
It's Jazz Fest time! Not going to the Fest, but I always love this time of year. Great spirit in the city, everyone seems happy
"If you build it, they will come".....very true.
What's happening How's it going?
"Don't come at people saying 'Do you believe in climate change? ...Start talking about their life & interaction w/the natural world."
So excited to go out salsa dancing with the girls tonight!
Sorry for the delay, but our CoverItLive blog is back up and running
JUST LEFT TALKING TO #UPTOWN ANGELA SHE SHOWING ME MAD LUV.... #NEW ORLEANS SAINTS STRIVE FOR GREATNESS (ANTHEM)... #NOW ON ITUNES
The 10/11 Season is quickly approaching. Do you have your season subscription yet?
Never forget to have PROTEIN after workouts to build/repair tissues damaged by exercise!
I love your tweets. Soso much
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers, even though you are, sadly, not as good as mine, I applaud you for your efforts!
#FF Runners Good Morning to all of my fellow human tweeters! :D
thks for that. tough rd for Capt Courier but I like usa this wknd in MC. Please show me some love and gimme a follow.
Black Republicans The Black White Supremist GRP-(Hermain Cain, Allen West), Uncle Toms GRP-(Michael Steele,Ron Christie, Joseph P. Watkins)
If I had a helmet, I'd wear it, too. I busted my butt in the mid-Dec. storm, and I'm in no mood to do it again. Walk carefully!
photo shoot pictures won't be up until we choose one(: and we actually are recording a whole new album for specific reasons..
Decisions decisions.
Can we all make a pact not to make food products unnaturally green for St. Pats Day? Green ketchup should only exist in a Dr. Suess book.
Congrat! To all the Grammy Winners.
RT “: Thought For The Day "When stupidity is considered patriotism, it is unsafe to be intelligent." (Isaac Asimov)”
Pool day!!
Loving the #free birthday gift. The Fresh Sugar Lip Treatment makes my manly lips feel luscious. Thanks you!
we're not allowed to have a community bulletin board. gov-sanctioned programs only.
This guy reps OSU but loves the Fab 5? Yet another reason Lebron will never be Ohio or understand what Ohio is..screw Michigan!!
Dumb hungry what to eat mane that is the question ?
wow that actually kinda hurts Ms. Bobeah
Joseph smith
curb is LOL :)
because my camera is the shit and looks better on camera and I can look back on it too my weight is variable
they'll make noise when they move their stuff though lol
Congrats 2 all the winners of your chapbook contest but you are breaking my heart! Im Anita Baker, giving u the best I got
then ask politely. if the answer is no, then move on- she's not your type.
Nothing compares to the simple pleasure of a bike ride. ~John F. Kennedy
damn it. I love Salvage Vangaurd! Fucking hell...I am seeing HUM tonight.
gimmyyy!!! And come visit too :)
#kids Les Miserables, School Edition at Plano Children's Theatre, Sat, May 19 2:15p: Les Mis is a story of love and loss set against...
M! Too bad I'm in Michigan! Boo Hoo!
your less than 30 minutes away from today's Baltbuster & your shot at Kelly Clarkson/Fray tickets at 7:35!!
I shall attempt to start homework now.
my 90 yr old Grandmother just told me I look worn out. I Love her honesty! They say sleep brings you beauty and longevity, I'm so screwed!
We have a new server ready - vpn-in82 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in New York. It's available in your customer area now.
If you dont want me to cross the line then dont draw one.
That is if you're watching it in a movie theater
Facebook campus: 10 buildings, but only 5 in use. Must be nice.
.... And one more person😏
Pain don't last forever unless you Go To Hell...
At my mom's toniight and she's watching American Idol. Gotta say DAMN that Joshua Ledet can sing!!!
Would really like to make it back to Florida tonight.
#YouNotUglyBut that sound u make when u open your mouth .......... No
"How does he get girls? Simple, because girls like him. Same way I'm sure you snagged some guy."
my swimsuit showed more than that lol
just did
Well that was a pretty strange/cool movie.
Over the next 4 days I will be watching basketball nothing else. #NP long Beach St. vs New Mexico. Feeling an upset
Just hit me I am 21!!!!
#Support_Us Purchase Our Singles On iTunes
The hood raise me but life changed me
the BradStache will be offering rides later at the Governors Ball
Thanks to everyone who reached out to us about A Good Day to Die. Put us in touch with your local library and they can order a copy from us.
Can someone explain me what's happening with fb?! :O
then maybe you should change my name
#clubtrilbook "Titus: From a Zero to a Hero, and the Trillions Who Loved Him"
Troops: In your arsenal for tomorrow night, do NOT forget non-perishable food donations for
thanks for the follownack sexy cub
She was giving me 'fuck me' looks and I was giving her 'fuck you' looks.
How was everyone's weekend? Did anyone check out any awesome music this weekend?
Its the only way to go. RT : Shots already 0_o
Happy New Year jazz fans. The Bad Plus will kick-off 2012 with four nights at the Bistro starting tomorrow!
you got me there. my friend got a mold that is suppose to make them look like crayons but they look like something else
Damn what a play! #Loviste ?
I'm with you
I Feel today will be a great day:-))
oh lol my bad
Impressions starting with "I'm so and so" should be a clear indicator you're not good at impressions.
haha I am pretty sure we have those all the time!!!
Smart man + smart woman = Romance. Smart man + dumb woman = Affair. Dumb man + smart woman = Marriage. Dumb man + dumb woman = Pregnancy.
Do you believe in fate? <3
Are you guys at the MSDE OER conference today?
Guitar lessons here :-) What's up with the paint brush? painting your house?
RT : Its better to be prepared for an opportunity & not have one than to have an opportunity & not be prepared Whitney Young Jr
we're on now if you want to call in - I'll DM you the number! :)
Today's special relationship word is GENTLE
And A Good morning to you all !
Wiggle me diggles bitch
yeah I miss the games too! And losing this team is like a death in the family and I'm not saying that lightly!
You cut your hair!
haha I'll have to make my brussels sprouts for u all sometime. Chlo - I think they'll convert u!
'' When i'm out the country niggas call me ne-kke , hello it's nice to meet me '' Like'd that line for some reason , lol
So much art this weekend!! What are ya'll making sure to hit?
I know they should give us the opportunity to decide who is going to decide the fate of the singers.
I can only choose one?!
Totally concur. But, to beat Oregon, WVa, Alabama, Arkansas, & Georgia, among others, outpaces OSU. BTW, I'm NOT an LSU fan.
Drunk anf its not even 10!
It was great meeting you guys tonight. Thank you so much for making that video with me.
:( my bruses from dance and cheer are ugly.
you are mad hatin' on your bro lol
Well, you were the inspiration for the episode; It was bound to be good. :P
"The pres painted a scary vision of #America 2day" -- #LauraIngraham....sometimes the truth is scary lady!
Hey guys follow our personals
I'm a bk fan and a Denny fan
I know right I live 5 min away and have never made it before. Went with the sho yu chicken.
Helped teach my advisor the definition of "pregame" this afternoon.
If the whole world smoked a joint at the same time, there would be world peace of two hours.
Albany, New York to Ft. Myers, Florida via bus
tired finally its friday :D 3 days of school felt like forever ><
it's a guy
That good as game
hey , "you look good, where you headed?" still dyyyinnnggg.
thanks so much!
ah yeah? I'm in brip won't be back for like an hour
thanks for the follow.
Jessica Dubroff~ This started off as a father-daughter adventure and its gotten wonderfully out of hand...Im going to fly till I die.
RT : This Saturday The Party Is At Tara Temple in Arlington, Va for bday..
AMY POEHLER FOR QUEEN OF THE UNIVERSE.
Will do, when I get to that point! Thanks again!
I must not let this beautiful world just pass me by when I want to see and not just drive. Crashing--is it worth it?
oh do tell;)
-or- as my wife would do when headed to the Rose Bowl, simply buy new things in L.A..
i'm so lame good god
s/0 ...still tweeting the real grown folk stuff..
Did you know that your environment impacts your success? - read more at www.southfloridaalerts.com!
Lol I know
S/O to fam in the house tonite , ,
Someone come save me from this deathly boredom.
Sana, please, tell me something I don't know..! ;DD<3
Such a beautiful day in Vegas! I have a feeling it's going to be a good one!
Lol RT : Just beat the shit out of my brother with my shoe. Gave me a heart attack... -__-
I'm mad oomf never tests back no ______ for you !.
I wish there was a lame button...not a dislike button but a lame button...
People say interesting things and say them in interesting ways; provides a nearly endless source of raw material. Halsey Burgund.
How about CollectiveAccess? More specifically, how about CollectiveAccess for moving image collections? Discuss.
I like you better when you're on my turf. You don't act like the person you're not when you're on my soil. I can talk to you easier.
Kings sweep!
As soon as you mentioned it, it was as though the whole blue album just loaded into my brain! Good pick-me-up!
that's what was being referred to "lad"
yo its something about The Matrix.. I know I gotta take a break.
Slight correction-We're opening a 2nd location at at Gateway Park tomorrow, not Pier Park. Sorry for the confusion! Come see us!
So I had on these Vans right?... Funny thing about 'em was that they KINDA looked like sneakers instead.
Thanks for the RTs! :)
Monday Funday? Hell yes! HIt us up tonight for some damn good drinks. Also, don't forget Trivia Night tonight at 730..
DOH!! Been there many times...usually alcohol is involved lol. Hope you're ok!
You'll never hurt again, I'll be your A.N.G.E.L. ~
Driving the kids around I hope to play some poker on UB at about 10 pm if I can. Running bad in my home game.
It's time to wake up & enjoy shopping in our open-air pavilion! Yum! Fruits & vegetables, farm fresh eggs, local beef, lamb, poultry & pork.
Last night = Scariest thing ever !
Kudos to for GOING BARE on You too ! Love you all!
age, aviability, & contact number to . Make sure to say you were referred by Andrea Lee!
Found a post-it note in my library book that says "Am I As Human As I Feel?" That's so philosophical. Shit.
Yea! 1 day until #goldrush...then more gold with #beringseagold!!! Can't wait.
can't beat ice cream!
hell yes I do!!
does that mean I will love you, I love you and I loved you?
does he/she call you Franks McFrankerton?
I possess a deep understanding of performance metrics. If you are looking for a proven, professional CFO:
ask for the skunk
then hire someone to do it personally...and at least its not a monogram you have to conduct on the chu-myster
preciate the follow can I shoot you some music in the future?
Vampire Life.... Never Sleep.... #Who Up
Remember the five simple rules to be happy: Free your heart from hatred. Free your mind from worries. Live simply. Give more. Expect less.
Hu Honua site supervisor Wes Demotta, life-long resident, is the go-to guy when neighbors are plagued by wild pigs. He's an expert trapper!
Sold out amazing show tonight. So much fun!! Thank you all for laughin with me.
what are you up to babe?
Nothing makes a great stocking stuffer than Chicken, the CFA cow calendar that is. Stop by and get yours today before we run out!!
of course :)
Thanks for following!!!!!
We'll B randomly gvng away FREE STUDIO RENTALS 2 the 1st responders 2 our post! Check bk oftn. The offer will B @ random thru out the month!
“: I believe in 2nd chances.. I just don't believe everyone deserves one.”
OUCH :D come lets go to liv. we'll talk there.
were to win this legal dispute, then approve the nomination... But I understand it's a big stretch, and quite an interesting move
Mastering the new Stumblejunk 11-song CD today. Also duplicating / full-color printing / packaging a big DVD order today as well.
Its important 2 know that u cannot eliminate the negative by focusing exclusively on the positive. Ea is part of the whole.
so Does done person from my past that I just can't get over. No matter how hard I. Try.
- Hi Cindy. I'm running for School Board in District B... find out more about my campaign here: www.rosenforschools.com
Just a drop in the ocean
I could see you winning the D League Dunk Contest! Yeah?
A ring? A fucking ring? No you never understood how much that meant me. But I know you tried.
Did Gary Washburn just get dabs from Paul Pierce? I want a high five...
all you have to say back is you love weddings?! You don't love me, your oldest big sister? (sommer's your next to oldest sister)
I need it
I am grateful to those that have helped me or my fam in any way, shape, or form. We appreciate it!
Congrats to Suzan Santosus for becoming the first female champion of The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism's
Loving the rain in Abq!
I don't understand how McDonald's can have a limit on how long paying customers can sit and eat..
Want to run? No ipod carrier? Try this week's infuriating Houston Solution: Cut a hole in your damn gym shorts.
keep pushing forward!
Yea dude were all brothers that's our role ass homies
Armed with the past and the will and a brick...
thanks! you bet there will be!
Super sleepy. Night night XO
My dad, John Bariamis' IMDB star meter is at 45K and mine has dropped to 2 million...glad one of us is still relevant!
just got email from NY Knicks for a "pre-sale" game for Syracuse/Temple. Game not until Dec. Do people really buy tix 9 mos in advance?
YOUR TURNING HEADS WHEN YOU WALK THREW THE DO-OR-OR
Thanks for the retweet :)
Fat burger is the shit!!!
Of course it starts pouring rain right before my flight! Hope my flight isnt delayed!
Thank you! I did the Nashville half in 2010 & almost lost my Christianity! Those hills were awful!!
We've seen it to an extent but I have a feeling it's just getting started.
Thanks for noticing! Your project looks awesome...just got added to our watch list :).
Im so glad I have them in my life
not really especially if the child is considered adult enough to have committed a crime
Congrats Trent! Can't wait to hear all the details and start butt-kicking for goodness this summer. Who else is on the project?
Salsa at Retro Nightclub tonight - 1518 McGee, KCMO -Ladies Night Every Wednesday! Beginner Salsa, Merengue, Bachata Lessons at 8:15pm
so far the summer's been great: getting things done, about to start The Life of Jesus, Critically Examined
are you and B double-V coming to Mar'ton this weekend?
Awesome! Tell all the bro-road-trippers to say hi when they get in. Thanks for helping spread the word in DC!
how you doing? :)
Oh yeah, I love it when MTA buses skip me for no fucking reason. On the way to the show.
Working on agreements... is it Friday night yet!
Just don't get hurt, old man. RT You ready for this coach? LOL! See you out there!!!
It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins
Until 7pm est, get all 8 Locks for only $15! Don't miss it we're 18-9 in last 27! PayPal to to order.
How many elves does it take to QA a site?
It was a great weekend getaway. Hope all is going well there.
I thoroughly appreciate you and everything that you do.
however let's bring up snow white and the ever popular little mermaid!
"Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm." Sir Winston Churchill
I bet the congressional record can tell you! That is, of course, if you can figure out how to search it on the horrible GPO website.
Anyone been to Chute in Phoenix? How is it?
Obama moving thru DC at rush hour just turned downtown into a massive jam but I honestly never tire of seeing that motorcade go by. So fun.
In the car with no js dad
How is it that you sometime somehow always end up with one of my ex's or someone I used to like?!
Nice!!! It was great today better weather tomirrow
(Andrew Carnegie) As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
To thank someone who nourishes your mody or mind - mine would certainly be via Body By Bethenny - THANK YOU!
I'm watching the vow by myself ?
It's always fun to work on something completely different than you're used to. Lots of online production for me today.
RT : Dear 16-year-old me...1 bad sunburn before u turn 18 doubles the chances of developing melanoma...get to know your...
Hey Maybe #sf49ers are just doing manning/smith agent a solid by allowing him to use them as leverage...
You to?
Does EVERY song have to have a rap verse these days?! Gahh
My mother is worse than a fucking 5 year old.
Officially cannot find my tripod camera mount anywhere. Made for an interesting time trying to shoot tomorrow's post one handed..
most def.haven't missed one since wrestlemania 20
we had a whole argumentover it
Kinda want to start a segment on the bl-g that responds to Pitchfork reviews that rate albums < 5.0.
Cot damn
Any usb printer should work with a dell. We don't use proprietary printer cables.
Can't wait to see you bro. By the way...45 feels cold in Chi-town! Lol..
yeah #BrianBrigade & I took a rare day off and went on a 7 hour ride out west.
Hope you have a great birthday that is just the start of a fantastic year!
ill beat yo ass
3 1/2 hour interview with Oscar. Jaws on the floor. Big thx to our Spanish speaking sound mixer & Mike G our DP
Telling people your "Broke" but at the same time wearing one thing out of every store in the Westchester mall....
9 to 5 goes hard bro, real talk
yepper...crazy. unbelievable.
I feel like I should give myself a gold star. While walking I had a flashback to the feelings I had this time last year.
Katy Perry Bikinis in Hawaii with Family & Friends on Christmas (PHOTOS) This California girl wasn ’t looking for snow on Christmas! Ka
I hear U on the busy mind :) Things R gd (still wrkn 2nite w/ the team getting ready 4 #CES). No rest 4 me yet...
This bum up in here main people mad
I'm home((: and imyyy
Jon Gruden likes this pick. Which pick? Every single pick made tonight.
good luck with the test:)
your fucken pictures are annoying stop !
RT There might be a Party tonight w/ Hit me up for guest list before its to late!!!
sounds good dude
Glad to have you on the trip.
All men think there Mr right until they have to comment to it then the true nigga comes through
ridicule is well deserved for both of us! The ignominy of finishing below Spurs...
My twitter #Family (:
Details of a bizarre, horrific "fetal abduction" in Milwaukee -- tonight on after the game.
we'll be back for Bospop in June
Fred Armisen, you've been looking for that used Sex Pistols record for, what? 7 or 8 years now? Buy something or get out of the store.
thanks for dealing w/ my noodling on sweatpants, alabama, & early experiments w/ spearmint! (tangentially related to hepworth...)
Most definitely.
Fuck You. . . Gonna Go Skate Now
they are just watching the conversation, coding it and collecting the money. I
Stop being so stupid.. it's my turn.
what u hear about our game tonight son??
“Between stimulus and response man has the freedom to choose. “ Frankl
70% of people believe they’ve experienced an unexplained paranormal event, which again proves my theory: 70% of people are morons.
yes, i am required to watch an episode of the simpsons for class. i know you're jealous.
Each day comes bearing its own gifts. Untie the ribbons.
when i wanna watch lol its gonna be awesome cant wait
Trey said hes riding with vega. I just wanted to make that point clear.
good call. i also added c3p0 and r2d2 :)
'How do you make a book look like it's dying?' -Chip Kidd
KBPS.TV is now ready to interview show host for our 24/7 talk radio launch. Contact John @
Hahaha yea, my Step Dad was in the room and got a good laugh!
No I didn't stay for it I saw them around & saw them when I was leaving as well.
I would like to see something in red to bring out your eyes. Second choice is the green.
Back to the routine
Brown wins!!! Welcome to Washington...let's all watch what happens now.
Save your boos for NYC teams!
Pacers yelling "and one" after every shot. I don't think it's working, guys.
Mental note: don't go to 'Ruby's' for dinner on Tuesday nights.
If you want me to see your tweets you have to unblock me!
Thank you Karyna! :)
73 °F (23 °C) going up to 90ºF (32ºC) today in Spring TX
Whoa “: Vernon Davis younger bro Michael Davis (19) has been arrested for attacking numerous people w/ a hammer in DC, killing 1”
wondering how you're enjoying Green Bay & Lambeau so far. You been to Packer HOF yet? Some nice things there (four of 'em)
Tomorrow always expect a miracle - itsjustme
“Reasonable people work for the #dreamers.” — Darnell Self
“A mother is a person who seeing there are only 4 pieces of pie for 5 people, promptly announces she never did care for pie.” T. Jordan
Miss you !! xo
The fake Packers tickets are highly sophisticated; officials stressing that fans know who they are buying from
Something just don't feel right..
Like free stuff? Then signup for our #beta, we've got #giveaways coming soon for new users who are #Spotting on our map!...
How do you think people in Congo get around?
hi twitter world. I wish everyone the Best 2012 Year Ever! ~~ May you live long and prosper
#iLookforwardto hugging my grandmother
Getting excited for AASL in Minneapolis!
#inappropriatefuneralsongs END OF THE ROAD by boyz II men
RT : I hate when people start a statement with "first of all" and then never give you a second point.
What is everyone doing today to celebrate #EarthDay2012 ?
"Be Strong" - A phrase that's easy to say but so hard to do when you're broken.
#improv tonight at RT: It's First Fridays. It's May 4th. We hope the Fourth is with you all tonight.
....going to NYC....can you pls share some suggestions on where to stay?
#PlusOne Archerville Cartel "No Handouts" on the Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
Have a great weekend everyone.
Students are also required to write a rebuttal. Weird...
RT : “Our senses don't deceive us: our judgment does” ~ Goethe #quote RT
Adorable! I think I have a twitcrush. RT i've had too much rum to tweet coprrectly. dag, yo!
Christmas Eve with the Collins and Adamson families. I have to say, in my completely unbiased opinion, my niece is the cutest baby ever.
ha what was so funny? nuggets?
it's like Steve Harvey FUCKING Kim kardashian
Lol RT Does this count as a kill for Lebron James after that big bucket?
It took a week for me to process, but wow! Bret McKenzie won an Oscar.
Generating a pdf using data rows from excel and an image as the ...
": Same people you gossip with be the same ones spreading rumors about you"glad u know
thx! glad you like it!
I love cheese
RT: i would date him(:
"Joshua could you do me a solid and.." "NO!"
- best outcome, #TeamUSA beats CAN, then Czech goes on to win it all... take your jeers and set it on fire again...
I'm in DC :-) what you up2RT : sis what is happening.
If I had known you weren't gonna let me change the screensavers...
Great class today! Twelve more shelter trained volunteers!
It's a beautiful day to start tweeting...
smokin'! love that style.
Tired of admins saying class size doesn't matter according to "research"- what research, who funded, what design, what questions asked.
LINCOLN HIGH IN SAN JOSE. JUST SAYIN:)
So you didn't see the pic we posted on Sunday either?
Playing north Carolina tonight at the tipsy teapot in greenville so excited we hardly ever get to play nc !!!!
you aint thick, bitch you just fat
Wise words from leader Dr. Walter Bumphus as our Q&A commences
Mothers day shopping
If you are at #uwm you should follow
If you follow us, I'll DM you!
it's alright D;
is gearing up for a busy month! Auditions, a public reading, and a fundraiser! Stay tuned for updates!
Thanks for visiting us. We appreciate it. : )
Well this is dumb as hell
also, please end with a class discussion on lady gaga's You and I
Playing hide and seek with your landlord is so much fun.
I didn't mean to bother you so early this morning :)
yeah. I know right. I have the canon G10, which is ok, and I can shoot all M. But it's just not there.
your killing me): come to hanover
Shouting back right at ya from California where we see little precipitation. :D
too much white boy in him.
Energy controls the universe.
an interesting thing about having colorful hair, people talk to me everywhere i go. i no longer scare people with my bitch stare.
any recommended activities? I plan to show them the ropes + have them tweet during the class with a hashtag, but class is 1.5hrs.
The moment when your friend is talking bout someone/something and your like what the heck are you talking bout or where was I
Weather is looking so nice today. I should make the most of it but I'm glued to Twitter and Tumblr right now so..
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 11
Green Juice: looks like demon vomit but tastes delicious. Still, it's 1 of the
Twitter. Tweet. Tweeter. Tweeting. Tweeted. Tweeps. Twittering. Tweets.
Watching Snapped. It's weird when you know the people involved.
Whose woods these are I think I know / but the connection with a thing is the only truth that I know of.
spring break finally!
please follow she is you biggest fan!59
no, Dr. Shin. She's awesome!
This morning I got a stroke of inspiration about my story pitch. Huzzah!
": “: People who invite themselves all the fucken time <<<<<”"
But I know I'll be a law someday, yes I hope I will- but today I am still just a Bill Lmao!!!!!
"Every situation becomes an opportunity to abandon judgment and opinions and to simply give complete attention to what is." S.C.
Some days I feel like I walked into a time wrap back to the '90s. A bit shocking
Sleepy but then I'm not lol
watch my church online with me. starts now northpointonline.tv
These guys are terrible and so is Puffy or Diddy or whoever he is this week.
People that put gum under desks are freaking nasty1 Throw it away!
Is Google + for real? I'm still on the fence
Okay, no, but seriously I'm so stressed out right now with these finals and moving out
Follow ----> she so sexy
Folgno's going to go a period without a goal? Stiff
Is your honey do list to long ? Call Mr.D's we'll help you finish all those pesky tasks before the holidays,and your house we'll look great.
not yet. free registration? If So, I'll register tomorrow.
feed me money, I could use the change in my life
I'll toss the idea around and will let you know if I come up with anything
#YankeesUniverse It's almost time!
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. ~John...
The upside of having a kid who responds to bribes is that you can bribe him into compliance. Steam shower here we come!
Cool dude. Congrats!
Welp guess I'll listen to p90x commercials on since is denying every card fan on his show!The of radio
go visit hubby quick then get bite 2 eat w friends xoxoxo
Great time tonight for screening of Patang
RR“: Nice to watch the Rockies on tv again!! #openingdayissoclose”
New years Resolution I will not use stores that have self check out if they want my business they can hire somebody!
and our engineering programs are pretty great too!
They hanging like no curfew
thanks, I appreciate the kind words.
The RedLine and the 62 will both be stopping at Capitol and 60th.
Trying to reschedule a meeting to tomorrow on iPhone came out "let's switch to Timorese."
Back from Alberta, Canada and getting all caught up with everything, but had a great week there!
At the swearing in ceremony of the DC youth Advisory Council and the Mayor's Youth Leadership institute at Sumner
I'm super late but Muse was fun!
I love warm tea <3
Sentimental Swing is #107 on Jazzweek's radio report ahead of Esperaza Spalding (#149), James Moody (#131) & Keith Jarret (#127) Yeah!!!
I Need My BigBro 2 Put A Prayer N 4 Me N My City Detroit.....
LOL. There are funny people you can follow. And news outlets. And you already know how to @ reply and hashtag, so you're golden.
I just finished watching "The Fades" on BBC. This is a true example of what quality writing and production can look like. Amazeballs.
Oh wow! why are you having to remove so many?
You are the best! Thank you!!
On a two-out double by Gastinger that stayed just fair down 3rd base line, Eastern reclaims 7-6 lead over St. X in the B4.
#MNF #49ers or #steelers? What was up w/ that power outage?!
FYI Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm is a FREE event. Live entertainment, chef demos, farmers market w/ a twist
In 2010 Texas had third highest teen birth rate in the nation, and a child poverty rate well above the rest of the U.S.
nothing really! You kno how it go! I'm Gucci tho
was anxious for his call, then couldnt believe what I was hearing
": Where in the world will you be watching the Manchester City vs Manchester United match?" Bethesda, Maryland USA
And there's probably several dozen more counting their descendants. The linguists sure have some impressive mathy cousins.
i was just kidding about that last tweet, there arn't any women at my house
Congrats 2 Gary Ow! He pitched "Hsien of the Dead" @ 15th Hollywood Pitch Festival & as a result will begin production starting March.
so cute!! nice to see him on stage at the Chance!! You guys are truly incredible. #Believeinit Safe travels
& AC say "Off the Schnide" a lot. Go #Cavs!
RT : Happy Birthday (1821) Dr. Elizabeth Blackwell, First woman awarded a medical degree in US (1849)
Can you sound in on this exchange dear ? I believe I may have spoken too hastily. And you, too,
Blackshear. MPHS gotta go for Louisville
I dont WANT to help it.. I dont want to fight it..
My Marquette in the sweet 16!
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Facebook on any order & get 20% off in December!
Ice Cube??
hahaha on a Tuesday?
Okayy U Want Me To Tell People To Follow You
Trying hot yoga for the 1st time today haha
i love you som much i am so proud of you !!!!!!:) follow me bck please ill be waitting!!!!!!
Gonna change my icon ♥
what is a cake pop?
yea when it comes striaght out
RT“: Just saw Hugo w/ and it changed my life. #purpose”// Great movie!
yeah I'll call your home phone if things change or when I'm done
On way to the mall!
I think they are well within their rights to assume aliens enjoy Coke Zero.
: Selection Sunday?? Wats that bro??
Come on you Spurs!
shambling around the set of "Barely Living"
Check out for Neal's newest DVD releases coming soon..
Wake me up, #Coffee! I command thee!
The 2nd biggest Sporting Event in the US is NCAA MARCH MADNESS Celebrate it in Vegas we have discounted Room rates at Many Hotels
WATER POLO: Lamar, Strake Jesuit begin state tournament play
hahaha love it :)
this is great, thank you!
And the season is complete! It was fun, but I'm so glad I don't have to see any of those wackos for three months.
Hello Friday ;) now please go slow because I have so much to do!
how did you break it?
if you need a bad bitch, lemme call a few.. ❤
If you find the FB page with updates on the Lynn group, would you please share that with me? My bro is one of them.
I get folks r angry Zimmerman has not been arrested, but the parents of #trayvonmartin have a tenacious legal team-let them wk the process.
What a cool kid! He looks good with a mustache!
no not yet my mom was going to buy them for my birthday
Volunteers needed to join our crew for Bike the Drive! Let ED Darcy Hofer know you're interested at !
kindle fire = ordered. Is it Nov 15th yet?
Learned a few new things today!
yes I am can't wait, hopefully I'll be there opening day, don't know tho
God Morning (: !
if #mets want chance to compete for a WC, shouldn't we really be rooting for philly in this series?
RT : Life's too easy to be so damn complicated. -Zac Brown Band
Sitting next to the most respectful, chivalrous [not to mention gorgeous] man on the plane & he's married with child!! Story of my life smh
is my dream guy(;
Thank you for joining us. Love it!
They won't be here either! lol
I'd like to manage projects AS well as tasks. Right now it's not set up for small personal projects. Give it a think...
NOW PLAYING: DREAM THEATER (PULL ME UNDER)
Dear Kevin: sleeping 10 hrs, then waking up in time to watch A's back-to-back HR, was much smarter than yesterday's plan. Signed, your body.
Happy Australia day. I just saw it trending on Twitter. :-)
it worked
Thanks for the cool poster! I'm very excited for the Sunday premier... even bought the special Newsweek issue
Wow- 2010 coming in for fast finish.
any practice tips? I practice 5-6 hours a day but no teach so just winin it teaching myself music theory tryn to understand it?
I am obsessed with u . No one gets me but u ! Lol 😍the world is retarded not us ! #queLePasaAlMundo!
can't wait, WZRD is something that I need
bought new lipstick from mac today. completely and absolutely in love with this color
