What's good wit you P!
Nordic Creamery Cheeses just arrived!
NY run in the first is on Montero (steal on ball in dirt) and the mystery cutoff by Smoak
HEY! y'all can still bid on affordable art in RW! throughout the whole month-thur 5-8, sat 12-5. go getcha some art at RAA!
Rev. Jackson speaking now
thanks Frare! Xo
Fearless Frank Osowick defeats Brad Green by TKO for failure to answer the bell starting the second round.
Bus stop at the end of the weekend = CSI technician's dream. All the fingerprints and bodily fluids in here could be a master's thesis.
While you wake up today, someone is breathing their last breath. Thank God for another day. Don't waste it.
- Right there with you Jenn! I can't wait!! :-)
Mark Sholtez is playing Hotel Cafe in Los Angeles on Monday night at 7PM sharp
Who's gonna help Howie out? RT : I need 100 more follows and I will tweet a picture of my finger
absolutely! Would you like to set up a free estimate? DM me your info or give me a call
#ILikeMyRamenNoodles with hot sauce and ranch
Today 1957: the infamous commie bashing senator from Wisconsin, Joseph McCarthy dies of liver failure.
"3 years old enough to pee old enough for me"
are you going to the game?
I guess it was a 2011 to me cause I'm retarded. Will correct
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
: The coverage of Penn St. is great, but I wish you had more on
The line dancing is especially disheartening.
you can lose the weight - but can he reverse those blackened lungs? I can't put up with that type of nonsense anymore
It's nervewracking to watch presenters use my laptop. Who knows what will pop up. #thatcamp thanks
hahaha okay well I'd it makes you feel better I will NOT get a pit bull or pug
Collaborate with your actors. Believe me they will appreciate it!!!
Bout to get this IAMDROID TV up in running real soon i need a loyal cam man
That sad moment when I see that doesn't follow me. 😪
'tis a wintery mix...but nut'ins sticking
such sweats
I forgot how epic Animal House is and how often its ripped off
From the dog's point of view, his master is an elongated and abnormally cunning dog. ~Mabel Louise Robinson
I would never give spoilers. It was amazing. Totally going to see it again Sunday.
AWESOME! I AM SO EXCITED! :D Thank you.
no It happened after I bought the car lol I hit a pot hole or something and it damaged my tire
Ha! Sorry! Playing with TweetDeck
Now if u from Indiana I apologize but if u ain't its still fuck u wasn't nobody talkin bout granger b4 the playoffs FOH
DeLeo: "We need to explore every avenue to fight back against this destructive tide of federal financial disengagement."
At Beverly Wilshire Hotel, maybe I just happen to walk by the Mad Men casting!
Thinking about joining a new cult. Any suggestions???
why because artest is gone? That nigga weak anyways. And kobes pregnant lol.
is reporting Joe Paterno has died at the age of 85
Haha right on!
Packers, Angels...
I look around but its you I can't replace.
Just made to minecraft episodes and a website Video
Bulls playing good team defense tonight, and Boozer and Deng played BIG offensively. If they can hold Jrue & Iggy to 26% again...
About to be On A Boat for 4 months. Anyone have #podcast recs that involve science, politics and/or tech?
hey everybody in mke -- does anybody know a place to get very cheap or free railroad ties? i just had the great need for a retaining wall...
Times like these i wish i had a smart phone
watch he's gonna makin more than los!
I would be a Reynard<3
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.” Steve Jobs
oh ok we were in dc lol
Good morning, you keep it interesting. Promise to stay fly?
#IfITellYou how hard I'm working its an Understatement
And I saw the True Blood advertisement with Detective Stabler aka Christopher Meloni! I'm so excited!!
love your bio, you are such a spastic dancer and it is amazing! Also, spontaneous noise maker, as video from last Fri proves :)
Why do your boobs not tan properly. Damn it.
How do you assess creativity? Develop a test you can't pass without creativity.
I'm gonna watch the voice 2morrow just too see my boo Jus10 & I bet it's gonna sound so sexy especially those low parts oh yes!! <3
u stopped talkin to me....that's what I call it
hello Rob thanks for the follow
The butterflies I get hearing your name.. When you probably can't even SPELL mine. Oh well *shrug*
Thanks for recommending "How to Write a Sentence: And How to Read One". It's terrific.
Lol. I always catch this bitch in the middle of her lies.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time
Update-Secret Stall Tues @ Sonic #Baltimore -50% off if u park in secret stall. Hints given-Hint:The lucky stall either 19,20,21 or 22.
#obsessed with Novelas....
Armory Week is from March 8th to March 11th and the #westharlemartfund will be bringing you our latest installation and featured artist.
I LOVE YOU IN ALL LANGUAGES OF THE WORLD
Happy Father's Day to all dads, especially those in our Armed Forces defending our freedom. A special thanks to my wife and kids.
Basking in the glorious weather. There's nothing wrong with finding inner peace through outer beauty like that which surrounds me now.
Families are green screen tested for Money Makeover prgm. Psychologist works with each family. -Judy Walz
I hope most of you rapper/producers don't quit your day job...
told my parents about gym they said that they are prob going to get me slip.
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.
apparently it was his fault we lost..come on people GIVE THE GUY SOME CREDIT...the defense didn't win every game over 4 years
I am too
Let us go in; the fog is rising.
lol @ cheese breath..
Happy Halloween to all you tricksters who survived the weekend! What did you dress up as? What were some of our fav costumes? Show us pics!
Make the whole week about MLK philosophies so that you start a great trend . Be an example of how we work together as a team for success
I know I wish I hadn't missed it. The pics from around the world were awesome though!
I like the way u guys roll
Just booked my flight to Uruguay and Argentina. Book tour starts June 27th!
rightly so sir. rightly so. "impossible? why nothing's impossible when u work for the circus!"
Don't break the welder. It's our only tool! RT : Making stuff w/ at
Why do people beef but NEVER box? Its just pointless! Throw hands if its that serious, if not stfu.
I do a lot of craftbeer sampling.. Just a reference to say we have the problems.. And it was supposed to be dude BRO... Lol
Thank u Flip! My friends, fans and stalker thought the show was
Cal & Ricky interviewed together by could be either and A or an F. I'm honestly hoping for the latter.
Today's focus: Ray Vega on WKCR 89.9 fm. Now until midnight.
Truth! RT "People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." Jack Canfield
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
I know the story of my last name, yes? Does it mean something to you?
dogwood date with
Im tired twiggas i love you #goodnight #Teamjawan #TeamLea 💜💙 thank you guys that followed me to day muah💋 love ya
How fabulous. Most of the new visitors to my site today seem to be spammers. Awesome.
We are truly within the black heart of the American dark ages and the new confederate party are the blood letters
"We watched it all night. We grew up in spite of it."
#shoutoutto the underground!!!!!
Love like you're 81, fuck like you're 18 (y)
thank you :) sorry I'm late !! Hope to meet many of
YES.. 5:00pm.. time to go home! ttyl peps WOW.. Im still feeling good, not sleepy yet. :p
what were you TRYING to spell?
3rd time in 3 picks has gone to a commercial break right before #Bears pick.
-slaps you back but with my hand-
Hip hop fighter? Larry Merchant is quickly moving into Pat Summerall territory
big bang theory is hilarious :D
So not feeling this Confluence upgrade at the moment.
im really sleepy happy new years #WilDChildZ #ICONiacz #GRANDerz #Bliebers love ya
Aw I'm so happy for Octavia
#scms12 tracking the history of the theft of african american music via copyright law from lomax to rock
On the downside, all of our good relievers are gone. Better win this one quickly here.
Hands down and in Detroit in 2010 for the Home 2 Home tour. Best experience of my life!!
actually, just recalled our last video chat. So that'll be a big fat NEVER MIND to my last taunt.
that's a good question. I probably come after I get these kids.
I am nothing if not fully dedicated to costumes!
Crap, Mr. The Altuve put a charge into that one but Nady with a nice running grab to end the inning...
No that was last night. Californian's change their mind often :-)
so does that mean don't come up? Haha
haha. Hopefully it's not a long 2 days!
Agreed many mayors make little difference and Warriors move long ways off but owners have legit interest in SF, unlike Maloofs-Sac
Farewell Continental BOOM!
Joe, I think he's such a class act...
Fair story. If you could message me his email, I'd appreciate it. Unfortunately Robert Lee + Berkeley + Google still = civil war
Interesting topic. Perhaps the answers lies with offering perspective versus just opinion or solely fact.
you a bad girl and your friends bad too.
damn I had no idea I would have totally wanted to go
u watchin the ultimate merger, boy toccara....
I like that though, a LOT
Can a hummingbird fly lazily?
Never argue with a fool, onlookers may not be able to tell the difference. —Mark Twain
I think it's kind of sad that I'm *SO* excited about working from home today ... am I getting old???
#BullsNation it's all over 4 the time being.. now the work begins
It's amazing how a different mindset can completely change how you react to a situation.
it is nice, still need to get my shirt too
Just saw Charles Manson on my train, great day for public transportation
PANACHE PRIMED FOR WINDSOR WIN
Hope to see you TONIGHT at the Mixer!!! 7pm...campus center 450....BE THERE!
Today is too real
finishing up some things around the new apartment...
#GameOfThrones lost me a little bit last night with the killing of Bran & Rickon
I hate guys who are conceited -.-
History Channel REALLY wants me to believe in aliens, both modern and ancient.
so, , when is your Christmas album coming out? ;)
sell recovering from when we sold the farm to whoop your ass in 07 #sweepcity plenty of room on the #celtics bandwagon, tix r cheap
This is great! RT : #CoffeeClinic in session. #Professor is in.
So are they bringing back Toonami or what?
so im watching Disney channel tonight because my boyfriend, ,is staring in a movie. ♥
r u gonna b coming back to Louisville to sign??? Missed ya the first time around!
Will be tweeting some more today from Quail. Supposed to meet up with Aaron Baddeley in the next hour. Column from yesterday being edited.
You can spell "Grinch" from "Gingrich" with a spare "i" & "g" for good measure.
I think the best Dylan album was one of the things Wittgenstein deemed impossible to talk about.
HappDy New Year! Don't drink and drive. Be Safe - Club$
It's possible that I may end up spending more time writing up the minutes of this morning's meeting than I spent in that meeting....
No one likes bees.
Can we skip the first game and get to the #Packers #Giants game please?
Guy watching MLB.tv next to me in class?
Twista ft. Trey Songz- Girl Tonight..
K phone I get it you hate me , now let me get my text and I messages from everyone !
man i hope they come to la aside from coachella...
Sounds great! The Cape will be beautiful, and Ptown not so overrun.
idgaf sure! i have some "creativitiy enhancers" if ya feel me
Last chance to win an iPad 2! Giveaway drawing is tomorrow morning! www.blastoffnetwork.com/giveaways.aspx?i=1
I use GoDaddy. They will install WP on your server for free. Saves LOTS of time setting up.
Not even to work and I already want to go home lol
Skype soon? Miss ya!
GOOD JOB!!! Night!
Life is a game what position do you play? Real shit. There is always more then what meets the eye Some of us are just alive NOT LIVING
If I moved back up north I would go to New York and go to Parson, but i wanna move to California (: UCLA is my dream college
I made my mind up , when I turn 18 ima get a tattoo on my stomach ;)
I started to tell him Sydad lol
I bring out the best in no one.
Most important competency for future leaders? Bill Byham: Interpersonal Relations (data-based)
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful..
I think your account is hacked, keep getting spam from you
keys to success: know yourself, keep your ego in check, don't fuck over or judge anyone and value personal relationships over material items
it started making weird noises. So I stopped.
part is distribution-I want items from nytimes, tn, other. $10-$15/mo to EVERYthing I might want a little from? Nope.
Planning for the Future | Edmonton Eparchy - Official Website
Baseball: Canby takes a 1-0 lead after Brady Thompson's RBI single to score Mike Caruso after 1st inning over Oregon City.
My dad just told a customer service person: "You're the bomb." Wow.
"Lovers to bed. Tis almost fairy time."
buffalo wild wings silly lol
I'll try to be there.
I hope over the Christmas holiday, while you are enjoying time with your family...
dying laughing ahahaha
Forthcoming Des Ark album is awesome.
9 - 0 NY end of 1st. ..not impressed w/commercials
Pregnancy, periods, breast cancer, being walked on, rape, abuse ... Females go through a lot. WOMEN ARE STRONG.
Last three weeks on the road with this team has been a wild ride. They really earned it. Rick has forever quieted his critics
Wait, only one?
Soup Nazi? Al Yeganeh, the original soup man, now made me my lunch. Just for me. Not you. Vegetable garden soup and Al's salad. MMMMMMGood.
thanks for the kind words.
I hate when ppl do that too 😠 how are you "? long time no see hope all is well sweetie
Wow, the symbolism of that moment just proves how amazing Marc Cherry is I wanted to cry in sadness & happiness
RT : Zing! Any free tickets 4 poor college students ....whilst watching The Food Network?”- Nope, just
I know! I'll hit you when I get in. Do you guys have practice today? -
can't wait to get back in the studio to record some real music lol follow me and I will def follow u rite back ;)
we'd get some special folks in applying that's for sure.
I never realized the Spinners where on the Motown Label as much as I love their music.
Not yet... Just a teaser.
sorry I mean they pay $100/month for outbound calling, and my service lets them place "outgoing" calls by triggring an incoming call
Alan Alan Alan Alan Alan alan!
Go to www.thelotteryshow.com and watch a live comedy show with live comedians and chat live!!! It's live!!!! I'll chat with ya!!!
If only they were embarrassed for themselves. QT : Wow, The Jersey Shore cast is just ridiculous. I'm embarrassed for them.
CalvinBall would be extremely hard for a computer to win. Excellent reference.
hello all, new name to reflect new attitude, from now on RobynRyli. Pass it on!
Asking how others describe you can help get descriptors for
All those fairy tales are full of shit.
Instead of re-tweeting my entries, I commented on your latest blog entry to make it easier to access and read clearly.
and i are sooExited for #trueblood!! couldn't come fast enough. I'm missing too much.
Josh at the Unicorn is a real chef. Like a really real one.
Sustain the love and stop the hate.
Morning dolls. Moving at a slower pace today. Regardless of others drama, you stay positive and drama free. Focus on the goal not the drama
Watching one of the midnight showings of
Don't Believe The Hype
Love laying in bed and hearing the birds singing outside! #spring fever
Thank you! Yes, I can do home portraits. See more work at www.scotthunterfineart.com
// thanks lady. So great to see a familiar face and to have your support. We should have taken a picture!!
Ok I quit laughing then LOL
No friends makes for a long spring brake
Great night <3 !
Marilyn Manson made a new album? cool beans!:P
"It's the small stuff when blown up that really makes a story." Mike Leonard
“: Does the five second rule apply for toothbrushes that fall in the toilet? Boy, I sure hope so!”
congrats on all that..any day you l;aunch is a successful day !
Life never seems the way we want it to be. Let just do our best! There's no perfect life, But we can fill it with perfect times. :)
Possibly, but it sounds like you have too much on your plate to worry about that...
Thank you again!! :) You're awesome!
Snow today! Ready for Spring and the warmer weather !
have a great show Matty!
Hey, im a new teen youtube singer. That would b awesome if u could go check out my channel andhelp me get to Thank u
#PrayForLewisMighty given just a few hours to live xx
I miss my Ramona Flowers....
The media preview of the new Dinosaur Hall at NHM is tomorrow morning! LA journos DM me to walk among the giants.
Cannot wait to get some alcohol in my system
www.bleachercreaturesusa.com Blow Out T-Shirt Sale. 2 shirts for $20.00
Thanks! No not quite. We are in the mountains about an hour away from the beach. So...have you had that baby yet? :D
Getting the vacation itch. One week to go...
But how long is the ? I fear that we won't see any new cameras till 2013. Tho, at $1,500 would be sad miss the 600.
My name is vps
#Ibizza this summer anyone?
But yeah .. Good Night followers! :)
loving it - never thought we 'd have an la battle -downside rise in ticket prices for the Clippers
Rest in Peace, MCA.
MSNBC and the Democrats and Rachel Maddow Crew are Pushing Straight People to Be Gay Minded! its ashamed soon you could marry a Goat!
- Too funny!
Guys if she makes it grow make her blow
ya he did lol
I tooted 💩
for sure, that chorus is money
what's up with Natural Body Butter?! The place for all your beauty and skin care needs!
why don't you notice me? Ya lil POOP
missing you babe.
tsk tsk tsk. I have mine set to record shows forever. :) I haven't watched a tv show/movie at the right time since 2008.
It was a frustrating night at Fenway on Friday, in a season that's promising more and more frustration as it moves along.
RT : you're thinking oscars...we're thinking ;)
Back to Cheyenne one more time to see Josh Turner & Alan Jackson in concert tonight. Yee-Haw!!!!
nice to meet you - thanks for the follow :)
One Union.
13k at brk in triple chance. Value crushed myself and got nitrollled perhaps the hardest I ever have last level
Omw to the lab wit and #YouCantDenyMe Coming Soon!!!
The sun is out for another great day at the Westown Farmer's Market!
I'm fighting it but totally understand why I will lose the battle.
#erl12 Elsevier replied with data in a timely fashion. Wiley-Blackwell not so much
I'm starting to think I know why there's a hopeless purpose for even going to school or if so living to find a successful job like my dad
ha, i'd be ok with just an old one as I have none. Wa-wa-wa-wa. =)>
thanks. I am happy to know you as well!!
RT #FOLLOW New Album "Which Way Iz West" Coming Soon, Be On The Lookout For The New "CMW" Album And His New Group “The Movement”
Someone that missed 24 hours of the contest can't judge me.
215 is returning to the stage with Anura,Saturday September 17 @ TJ's Red Stone in Cudahay.Don't miss 215's first show back in over 3 months
#FF - Check out these awesome Tweeters!
One Time For Miss Elliott She Told Me She Will Follow Back But I Need To Visit Her Page Alot!!!
Heck yeah!
your girlfriend can give me a smoothie anytime
// I was hoping that wouldn't be the case. I was thinking it'd be from the same era as jersey from Pitt those look great.
Happy Birthday to Grandma!! :D RT : with family for Grandma. Happy Birthday to her!
If your happy and you know it, show your boner.
I NEED A FUCKING RIDE TO WARPED TOUR.
Just saw this dude on txcn that was skating and I swear he looked just like chris haslam.
I just want to see one Super Bowl win in my lifetime. That's all.
Greetings on the Feast of the Holy Royal-Martyrs of Russia, St. Andre Rueblev, & St. Andrew of Crete!
When I showed up at the BEE Farm, the tour guide/lead information person; was shocked, hesistant, slow 2 speak; watched me almost constantly
Decided 2visit #OpryMills 2nite. Def remodeled w/some nice stores. But end of nite turned in2 #Southland. Police chase started as we exited!
I still have a pair of your socks, and it makes me wanna cry.
Who's excited for our release next thursday and who's coming?!?!?
What's on for you next, M? River Plate?
We'll save some class for you on Thurs ;) (Mintz and start Unit 3 readings)
Like Fbook and Twitter? Try Blastoff. www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
Hellss yeah mommy got me my monster, fucking happy now
I'm tired of walking on eggshells.
Feel I didn't perform like I could have. certainly wasn't assertive enough. Losing is not failure &I look forward to learning and improving.
your friend timi has the kind of braids that make me want to have braids.
the cultural heritage and antiquities of Gaza in a gorgeous book produced and printed in Gaza by 's family
Excuse me while I go scream my head off.
its almost a year!!!! :D
For an institution that seems to favor progressive values, Big Entertainment certainly gets reactionary when it comes to its $$$ interests.
I basically tweeted te exact opposite.
wake up in da morning hop wrate out my bed -money $$$$$ money all i no i gata get -money money money all i no i gata get
did I read correctly $799 for a jr. Set??
The numbers 4 and 5 aren't my fav right now, as in up at 4 to leave the house by 5.
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Painting Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Beauty is skin deep unless you have shitty bone structure
Education doesn't make you happy. Success - kind. Riches - full. Experience - smart...But love can teach you everything.
#quote "It often happens that a man is more humanely related to a cat or dog than to any human being." ~Henry David Thoreau
Hi how are you? follow me ? Thanks ♥
So glad you liked the show! - The B Side! RT : You and the cast were absolutely stunning in your show today in DSM.
I texted andrew but he wont reply
They're both Indian/Pakistani. Usmania (2244 W Devon) is the most recommended on my list. Anmol (2401 W Devon) isnt far behind
Sorry RT : I'm not a fan of the superman music.
Definition of irony: my father mailed me a letter containing a newspaper article titled, "Digital is clicking with Advertisers."
hey! look who's here. yes. see you at the mellow.
Now that I'm not distracted by fb anymore I. Can focus on my tl an gettin to kno my followers
... DC misses you! Where are you these days? Are you headed back to the East Coast anytime soon?
right now enjoying a delicious skinny hazelnut latte admiring the patience & demeanor of a pregnant mother of two chatty toddlers
Are ratings agencies using global debt crises to boost their reps? Roger Kirby of Kirby McInerney to discuss live on Bloomberg in 5 mins
"It breaks your heart when he is happy with someone else, but it's more painful to know that the one you love is unhappy with you."
I don't see Al. I guess he took an earlier flight.
It's a sweet sweet sound! RT Love the humming sound of Melco machines in the morning.
I also enjoyed Book Artist, though I'm not totally clear on what that entails.
RT : Top Six reasons for being late for work: 1)traffic 2)oversleeping 3)procrastination 4)Chores 5)Car Trouble 6)Having Sex
you & I til' the motherfuckinnn' end, sugar plum. ;*
The less the window treatment demands of the eye, the more lovely and long term it will be.
I love Patricia Heaton.
Why must people annoy me?
Hell yes! I wanted to make Spring Training this year... possibly next year. I'm going to Cozumel on Sunday instead!
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Jacksonville hosts Funk Fest 2012 in Metro Park tonight! With Charlie Wilson and The New Edition Reunion closing out the night!...
Alucard is the worst recording ever. I hate myself more and more everytime I listen to it.
Have a Happy New Year ppl :D
Skypeeeee with le best friend
RT : Discussing special powers if "Hunger Games" arrived in nwsrm, says I could "blind people with shiny shirts."
Wow, the clockhands were stolen? Confirmation ?
You didn't want to jogged, you wanted to get closer to me lmao!
we going to a award show hit outkast studios the strip club and all... 300 for hotel n all
I have a ton of #Mets on field caps. Love them all!
I'll definitely follow and check out I'm finding a lot of amazing bands lately!
aye follow me. please? :)
I'm about 2 minutes from dumping #AmericanExpress as my primary card. Customer Service and Website STINK!
...yes it is and you aren't here to celebrate with me! Lemon Drops soon!! Travel safe!
Wrapping up loose ends before heading to St. Pete race. Leaving at 4:45 AM.
check out our new sites: www.blindsfortworth.com
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is a silky robe & fresh batteries.
that last bit may be wishful thinking. Or looking at the past through very rose colored glasses.
Kind of a scary timekeeper...
Yep!! I've never felt better in my life, and I'm sure you're already starting to feel the benefits! Good luck :)
I refuse to live with a post-9/11 mentality anymore. Can or or anyone help define the "post-bin Laden" mentality?
#ASTD2011 In Jim Kirkpatrick session.."have to know where we want to go before we build/buy the solution"
I'm sorry, I will try to be more direct from now on lol
pirates why
There are laws in heaven that govern interaction between God and man.
I miss our late night talks
So she should know better.
I think ur missing a marketing opportunity
hah, well i'm glad i contributed to your good night (:
In bed with the wife n dog :)
HAVING THE BIGGEST HANGOVER IN THE WORLD RIGHT NOW!! HAD AN AMAZING TIME LAST NIGHT! NOW ON THE WAY TO DENNYS WITH MALIA!
there's no gunman duhh
Good luck! I know you will do great! What kind of car are you going to get?
Awwwa Well Thank Ya' Thank Ya' :)
Gator!!“: Would have been better if Shabazz had stayed home RT : what are unlv's chances of landing Anthony Bennett?
walk in to my office & who's sitting in my desk... IT guy... Apparently I need 54 updates this morning -_-
Ok, I just did a two hour comic book binge that put me on an emotional roller coaster, so I am going to sleep. Good night world
I still have the st patricks day condom I stole from you 😏
Enjoying my time at Getting reading for the book swap!
Portland wins in OT! #Blazers 107 #Nuggets 106
alright cool....
#dctf member Fr Boyle: How do funders fund success that is hard to measure?
It was obvious that the U-T would endorse But 's mayoral endorsement is still up in the air. Look for it May 16.
Snag an invitation to Hop Sing Laundromat's opening The owner will select 50 names from the bar's Twitter followers.
It will suck you in and never let go!
"We share something so common , still so rare"...🎧
Just finished shooting Jaill's next music video. So far so good; the footage looks great. Look for it in a month or two!
It's crazy how different things are in the pilot for Psych as opposed to newer episodes. Pilots can be funny that way.
Hey Paul Walker!!! CLICK IT OR TICKET! #Workaholics<3
New avatar tv show.
hahah, I'm just joking, mi amor! Of course we'll try together! Thats if I can get it in this state.
don't get all sad when i'm pissed off
talkin about ' i was gone , but then i came back ' 😂
Wait who u talking 2
This 76ers-Bulls game has featured some horrible basketball.
When you're talking to someone you like you make sure every single thing you say is perfect
Going to be living in a fancy city soon...
I'll have to try swiss chard..never had it before.
so how are you liking twitter
Stop by and see us, we'll satisfy your sweet tooth with guilt free non-fat froyo!
Someone at work today used the word "fructify" in a presentation. That woke me up all right.
I say Thunder and Heat in the finals
Your smile warms the greatest depths of Me.
because people are apparently too busy talking about Bob Costas.
Inbox 0, going on vacation!
Learn how to wrap them tightly up in themselves, then take trash out often. No need for diaper genie or anything tricky.
I think youre cute...:)
Win a copy of Action Research for Business, Nonprofit & Public Administration! Visit SAGE & Corwin @ #AERA2012, booth 400-411.
Ugg I Swear My Mom Be Tripping... X_X
I had a perfect bracket until the games started.
I need a back massage ASAP Omg
"ePub/Kindle news isn't news at all" My first reaction also-couldn't you already load all sorts of things via email or Calibre?
Good Morning! Birthday dinner a success! Not hungover either! Resting and watching football today! Is tomorrow a legal holiday???
Game provided visitors w/ "an excuse to be silly in a museum." Hear, hear- more ways to make museums comfortable, community spaces
As soon as you realize I'm worth it, I'll have moved on.
Help My Friend Get More Followers... That Goes Out For Everyone && The ICONiacz
Those who speak most of illness have illness, those who speak most of prosperity have it.
Thanks for the RT Christie. Stoked about you & being in Drumageddon: Manhattan. Going to be triumphant!
The only bad thing is I have the worst sunburn of my life. My face is peeling...wah
Bah! It's a no-pants run kind of morning.
young womens on the low.
thanks! Hope to connect while we are here at
I think I've seen every fast food place
Cant sleep:/ any rushers online?
I can't get no satisfaction
love long lashes ❤
At dah end of dah day i have no onee but my self .
Great I am looking forward to it.
who wears knee pads lmaoo 😂😭
"Where words fail, music speaks" - Hans Christian Anderson
So easy! RT: Want your kids to grow up confident and happy? Sincerely telling them you see their great qualities will help them most.
#DEARLORD please keep my path clear, your love near, and my heart pure amen.
Hate to agree, but your slogans are right on. Tired of a non-competitive team year after year.
Kid Clutch baby
February 1972....Richard Nixon becomes the first U.S. President to visit China
Dude... wheres my car?
oh yeah. But don't worry: the expense doesn't detract from the fact that its fun as hell.
If you think this is cold you've ALREADY been in LA too long... I'm just sayin...
it's not called "Pvt. Benjamin," and there are other small differences, but yeah.
Moms cooking is all ways good.
C U then!
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven't planted. ~D. Bly
that same person has been using that line for every exam and every level of schooling.
I need a good April fools joke for tomorrow...any ideas?!
"if the world is made of both light and darkness, we'll be the darkness."
The Dunkin Donuts I grew up with consistently tasted better and weren't soggy, gooey and oversweet like yucky Krispy Kreme!
New years weekend line up: limo downtown Friday night hotel party Saturday night and tailgating Sunday!!!
Twitter before all my friends from school decided to get one>>>>>>>>
In my life & family EVERYDAY is #National Hug Day! <3
great! could I see a demo before committing to the free trial? Your video was down. I use & the calendar isn't good.
I believe KVC first dates back to the 90’s with WebObjects, but didn't see much use until 2003 (Cocoa Bindings in Panther).
help! looking for the link for play of the day from last week with kids playing baseball can u help pls?
Watched Edward Scissorhands last night. His intro the suburbs reminded me of moving from NYC to the midwest.
I had my first MRI on Friday, and boy, let me tell you, I had no idea I was that claustrophobic. That thing's like a coffin.
ur a weirdo
who exactly are the people behind ActorsandCrew?
I want Cordy Glenn for the Bills...
Lobsta Truck, Frysmith, and Cool Haus are here. I'm more excited about this than anything else.
River monsters
#forlow Try to slow down speaking: enthusiastic is good, but need to be easier to hear and follow. Great images.
NUMBER FOUR: The avaliable porta-poties will be on the 600 block of Mifflin and in the Cap Centre parking lot, tell all your friends
Once a Patriot League-er always a Patriot League-er?
I love long rehearsal days but I hate being three days behind watching !
Mark, it was a blast bein' there with you! We'll find a time somewhere down the road to pick up where things left off!
everyone please follow my ANT Farm Lad Pals
1 comedian with hairy arms, the other drinking watery poop, both hilarious! Congrats guys.
Sleeping through my alarm and not waking up 'till 2pm. Yeah, I'm
My forearms are just now peeling from a three-week-old sunburn...weird.
Yes, Mother Nature is always teaching those difficult life lessons. I'm very sad too. I hope Lily hangs around the yard.
The world ending in 2012? I think we're all forgetting Phil of the Future was from 2121. ;)
Coffee, topics, job application? I guess so.
just got back.friends bday. Can't wait til tomorrow, only 7-8 hours left! See u then...Are u ready!?
Thanks also to the Buffalo Wild Wings manager, Rocco (himself also a great Stair Climber) for his help & assistance with the fund raiser.
Joan Rivers cracks me up... My goodness, lololol
I don't know how to sum up today.......school was great and when i met came home was amazing :D
I did! Wouldn't have minded you coming back in town to remind me why I still talk to ya tho 0;o)
Watched UFC match on TV tonight with friends; not really my thing, but fun to have fellowship.
Gotta love having phantom bruises all over from soccer
What did you like best about the video?
looks like a hybrid pullup / high row to me. Call it a "rowlup". Other than that,
Great day at starbound....now on my way home from a long day! Xx
she failed Corey
did I get skelled on this league?
Thanks for joining us!
Good night! RT : Goodnight and and
Hey Kato... Everything ok?
E. Honda said to tell you whats up... Ha!!
Here in the sun, there's only fifteen minutes of fun hope we can tan and hope we can burn up
I am amazed at the composure Tebow has at 25 years old. That, to me, is truly his strong point. I like the guy.
Just did a fun Skype visit with the 7th grade English students at the Ho-Ho-Kus Public School. Great questions! Thanks for having me.
freaking insane.
You know... Sometimes it pays off to be ghetto... or have ghetto antics.
I can't help but to still wonder when the wheels will come off this O's season.
Are you a true Chicagoan? Have you picked between Sox/Cubs? Do you know what EL stands for? Do you own a Chicago Library Card? Im missing 1
Alma Foundation Soup Cook-Off -
Taking a few minutes between meetings to review some transcription issues in Github for 's Shelley-Godwin Archive project
we should make a catch up date. What's ur sched?
Movie night(;
I be fuckin them up my favorite I always buy a lot of them when I go to the store
If you can determine what a man thinks you do not have worry about what he will do
Kane west pandora and I hear "Black Magic woman" by Santana. Wrong station get out of here!
lmaoo yeah I am! Im so excited
Just do it, LOL!
awww which store, city? :(
Mistake going into to work today. Now back at home resting. Well fogged in, too.
thanks for the awesome signature on my arm! Hope you had a grate time in Kokomo! :D
lol>>hugs<< i dont know how to work all that fancy twitter letters haha
Wait, isn't here?! WHO IS TAKING PICTURES??!?!?!
Tonight at Studio Valbonne - DJ spinning an exclusive remix of #Westlife a 10 minute loop of the "Uptown Girl" Intro over a disco beat-mega!
#HappyMonday to you too, sweety! Yes, it's going to be a great trip!
If I'm not back in 10 minutes assume I've been murdered by a CraigsList ad person.
If you are not having fun, it's half your fault. When you design for meaning, good things will happen
Miami better flip the script on these niggas.
Mass & football player offseason commitment signing tomorrow...will be a great day!!!
A wonderful day today
where did go?!?
When I have children I want to be mama.
I think it was Jesus approved
yea that's good
Sad you missed 's talk on quitting your job at ? Don't worry, he's coming to in May!
You don't know you're beautiful, oh oh, that's what makes you beautiful.. 😊❤🎶
If being in bed before 9 is wrong, then i don't want to be right.
Let's see if I can find an extra regular chick with a low self esteem
doesn't everyone? Peyton is one of the best quarterbacks ever to play the game. I'd take an 80% Peyton over a 100% Tebow
she gotta get her rounds in 1st lmao
ME I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU I HOPE I AM ONE OF THE LUCKY 400 PEOPLE TO GET TO ME YOU
We'll be in Houston for TLA! Are you going to swing through the exhibit hall to bring us tex-mex?? ;)
I was like 13 there I think lol hahaha!
this is one of the reasons that NIH requires recipients make their work publicly available! Very important.
Hey there- thanks for the nice mention!
Thanks! I actually got accepted with ParaFPI :)
can anyone tell me how to import a list of emails into outlook ? it keeps locking up
Your beautiful, so smile:)
sorry I texted you back tho
1. Denial 2. Anger 3. Bargaining 4. Depression 5. Acceptance....... The 5 stages of buying gas in Europe & USA.
You know, sometimes I do some pretty stupid shit, and then I'm like eh fuck it I don't care and I'm over it.
Big shout out to our new followers!
TODAY, Join in solidarity with senior citizens from The Carlisle as they march in support of OSW @ 4:00, Post & Gough.
Hey Jimmy will you please send me a thank you note!? Please you would totally make my year!
No problem, it was a good one! :)
So no big league hitters follow you on twitter? Also Weeks is back tomorrow. This team is pretty weak right now.
There are many ways of investing. We do it everyday in our lives...our education, our health, our culture....our spiritual life.
I really was happy in the haze of a drunken hour....
I think I pulled my hamstring
really, how many hair bands actually covered a beatles song? one, i tell you, one.
#Ignorance Gets Ignored !
but im cool u have a nice night and dont be shy hit me up sometime
that woman wearing borka and dancing OMG
Wow -that weird moment when you realize your computer hates you even more than you hate it. #HAL I surrender.Open the pod bay doors already
5 hours and 2 minutes later- i am done with my math test!!:D
S/o to the homie and everyone else that is following us and supporting the #JazzThugs. Much Love!
Stupid dreams...
I was hoping I could rant about you routing for a team unrelated to you. Oh well, dolphins still suck.
still waiting for a Google+ invite - anyone got one they want to share?
Can't wait for the script concert in august! :) soo excited
thx for the luv mama now following u back ;o)
The senses lure you to indulge in the many sense objects. But the senses pull you only as long as you identify with your physical body.
Fucc u to all the crustaceans in a buccet pulln us bacc in.
Ok ok just bring out the boys already.
Are you on the DASH diet? We want to talk to you. email .
I hate that! We gave up cable because our signal was horrible. Hulu, Netflix and iTunes now. But that means no live tv.
Damn Biebs, you just had to do that shirtless photo shoot. Oh Lord help my ovaries.
arvo2010: Correlation Between Blink Rate, Tear Film Corneal Protection, and Corneal Staining - John Rodriguez , May 4, D975
ANY BANDS THAT WANNA GET BOOKED THAT CAN PLAY ANYTHING FROM FUNK TO TODAYS HITS TO TOP 40, CONTACT ME....GET SHOWS BOOKED TILL END OF JULY
If you think I'm crazy or my sister crazy. Just wait til you meet my mama.
The only crew that I think I might like this season is Mos Wanted Crew and possibly RNG
"These are the times that try men's souls." -Thomas Paine
Who's complaining about what the movie's pulling from? My (mild) disappointment was with what was on screen.
Should you go to your ex-spouse's funeral if you have children together?
you fuckers killed it in pittsburgh last night! Thanks!
I've been lucky to never have PP issues. I do have Square Up. I can manually enter it? Or send check?
smooth move!!!!
Weekend Warriors! Join us Saturday Penmar Park 5-6pm
Aw yeah!!!
This bitch has frickin' comeover & the darkest drawn-in eyebrows i've ever seen. WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH YOUR LIFE?
S/O 2 my new follower
666 fans today. Someone like us and quick!
School or Home? #dumbquestion SCHOOL!! I don't have to be by my parents.. "/
come on Greg, u guys gotta give us a little more effort!
Good Night My Wonderful Twitter Followers! I hope you all have peaceful dreams!
wow, that didn't take long!
Being Apart- He doesn’t see the tears that fall-Lonely and silently on the pillow The endless nights tossing and turning. In search of him
damn. That's like mad close too :| did they tell you you gotta take a summer program?
303 assists the last 21 games for Rondo... Unreal. 14.4 assists per game in stretch. Over season he's averaging 11.5 dimes per night.
eye just got off that airline yesterday. Flight long as a bicth
one more session! then the season is over! let's kick butt on these relays tonight, girls!
First-Time Home Buyer Tax Credit Extended For Armed Service Members
Today hawwt ahh weather is an excuse for me to go out into public naked
Up in the gym with Marcus Camby ...
woodrow Wilson, Reagan, hmm
Is hungry...
That's for sure. With all the #guitarlessons info on the web today, it's easier than ever to
I had dreams of glitter all night!
View for ideas on #golfmanagement #marketing or visit for ways to grow your #smallbiz and have #success!!!
they're giving a tour rehabbed foreclosure at 10:30 at 2404 n 46th. hines, murphy, and some community leaders will be there.
Indeed I did, ! Quite right. One can also never underestimate the powers of the raised brow, as the would attest.
RT : #Sharktank ... "Time is the most precious asset" - Mark Cuban
Thank you dear
good evening to everyone on twitter... I myself had a wonderful day and are haveing a beautiful nite!!!~ cheers to everyone!!!~
Work, then hangs with Monica! :)
I must have been really sleepy. Just realized I was asleep. Lol
Man what is the world coming too
Matt!! Thanks for following!! I MISS YOU!! Let's chat, soon. :)
artists enter your song to win $500 and a chance to send your song to Record Labels! go to www.mp3promoterdotcom thanks!
Thank you! I followed you, too. RT :
Trains are fun! If we can get 20 people to go to via Amtrak, as a group from Chicago, we can get a discount.
Sorry, that's unfortunate.
Just smile and say #IDGAF (:
Ditto! You'd think Fb could afford to create a sweet UX.
Got 4 hours of sleep. FML.
Right? Hilarious. RT say what you want, this is a BILLION times better than the disaster that was james franco last year.
FYI. RT : Just voted for myself, President Obama and Paul Sadler in the Dem primary. Early voting starts today.
so I'm like thts a while to wait and he said love waits(;
economic/glove profiling. HOLLAAAAAAAR.
Yo I just noticed.. I needa new phone.. Ha.. Yeah I have my dumb moments..
Tobacco cos. spend $21 million to persuade CA voters to reject a June ballot measure to raise the tobacco sales tax by $1 per pack.
yeah he's only like a couple months .
Turn up
We have to invest in the quality of life.
I'm me now. Account name is about to change as well.
Petty, immature people...smh.
Marquis Mason: "Coach (DelVaughn) Alexander left without telling a majority of us. That rubbed me the wrong way."
So sick of is da,n rain!!!!
If I Die Tomorrow well at least i met
How do I function on less than 4 hours of sleep? More importantly, how do I look so amazing each morning after only 4 hours of sleep? Haha
no car needed "The KC Strip Trolley will provide FREE rides during on a Fest Loop from Dark Horse to Record Bar"
Why did i get a twitter again
Oh wow. Justice Alan Page!
Does this mean more track coverage? (I know The O already have more than every paper except the R-G)
Katie- got a community mgr question for ya- give me a shout when u can plz.
So wats up can i get that ;)
#MyProblemIs , We Don't Got No Damn Milk For My Oreos !
Checking the #CIA Factbooks, #CDC and #DeptofState requirements for February-March travel, some of my favorite sites.
I got a dm from you and got happy. I saw it was spam and died a little inside.
We'd like to see your snow or weather pics from today if you have any. Send them to Thanks!
is hiring reporters in Florida, Montana, and Ohio- as well as a Director of Media Relations. Message me, if interested!
Thats cool! I think I know that chick behind your mom, lol!
of course! RT : Thanks for the RTs & conversation!
Marshall's hurt. I hear hitting girls in the boobs hurts.
“RT : Don't miss ! In the break-he said I was his favorite republican! #who knew”. Not a badge of honor!
thanks girl! I'm just happy to be finally feeling better.
But it's whiskey. And bacon. It might suck, but I am totally willing to give it a try.
judging by trends, i wouldn't be surprised if CDs were completely off store shelves in, let's say 3 years.
At the risk of sounding cheesy: brie, cheddar, provolone.
Good luck Louna !!! I just did my votes :))
your wrong d'antoni had a retarded system, they need to play off of Melos iso's. Amare is perfect for them. Mid range and dunks
In fact, they're a mediocre team elevated into tragedy by being in a journalism-saturated big city.
I wish would have addressed *why* people don't cook at home, rather than just decrying it.
John. D'onofrio. Posted. My. Video. On. His. FB. Page. I CANT HANDLE MYSELF.
And departing Metro Center. No idea what the holding was about.
I will say I never had a doubt.
It's very possible these two cards sold together could end in the millions, hit me up let's talk!
happy for you guys!!
March 1 is release day for my book, TO THOSE WHO WAIT. This is not a HEA story, it's a HN (happy now) Check it out at www.lindaswift.net.
Justin Timberlake's grandma, Sadie Bomar confirmed that he and on-again, off-again girlfriend Jessica Biel have gotten engaged
Just in: James Anacreon is transferring from Wichita State. Will not be at WSU for 2012-13 season.
I created a page for Firefly Games once. A roving mob of "editors" deleted it - they didn't know it, so not important.
Thx for tweeting abt Eric Dompierre & his family's fight for age waivers for athletes w disabilities in Michigan! LetEmPlay.us
yup! Thanks, Erk!!
- dude? When can you guys get back to Pgh, PA and gig the Moose? We all miss you?!!!! DR. HOE!
OMG me too. This is like exercise.
They Say I'm A Changed Man They Tell Me I'm Flashy, They Like Me Better When I'm Fucked Up & Ashy..
There's never enough time
Thanks for coming!! I owe you and a dance party in 2012!
Wemake beats too. I'm not tryin to go that route for this project. We tryna remix a mainstream song
I have like 5 shirts of yours and not once would I fucking think of burning any of them. Fuck that doucher!
If the woman on this train talking loudly about Schoolly D is any indication, I must be in Philly.
It might be a "Mega Dog" night.
See you in the fall!
I rised n Grinded today.. forgot to post .. it .. lunch now ..
btw while I'm still gonna need a new liver, apparently CellCept is telling my liver-attacking immune system to go fuck itself
Happy jesus Day
lecturing at Univ of Wisconsin at Madison give a shout out to Henry Drawl.
omgomogmogm I wanna go now omg :(
i miss it .
"Never screw with the original data," he said.
thanks for the mention. Hope the weekend went well.
I'm still cracking up!!!!!
#Marquette plays Murray St at 415p on sat
ultimatelibrarn: Cool, looks like fixed the notes on slides bug! Notes are now up for the EthicShare prez, & I'll upload my ...
Hey whats good people. I have my music video coming soon. Its for my single VA BAE ft. Reginald Doles.
Oak Harbor- Tomorrow should be a repeat of today, just a tad bit warmer.
Nah, i've been gushing about it too.
lmao I was just thinking how we be tag teaming in the hanger lol
followed by satan
thanks for the follow
I'll be at one of those for sure!
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. Thomas Paine
how does it make sense that Celtics are a 4 seed but play on the road. Why aren't the Hawks the 4 seed
It was great speaking to you today.
RT : RT : RT : RT Q3: What are some of your best tips for networking ONLINE?
Heard a rumor that Bentley is in Emily's season! Yes, some excitement!
Yay my facebook shares are already making me money. Even though I hate facebook, I'll gladly collect a check from them.
I am SO gonna be your sister.
I'm super excited, you have no idea! :')
Thank you for sharing this news!
Don't forget to PLEDGE All Classical KQAC. Michael's is an underwriter Bring receipt for $50 pledge get free 1/2 sandwich!!
i would still really like that in you anything else i might like
Here's a #toast to making 2011 YOUR BEST YEAR YET!
RT : If you're not willing to be mocked, cut off, and face scrutiny for it, it's probably not that valuable to you.
"You really don't know. It was the look on their faces." Resonates with me every time I write. So much of life is departure from reality.
I would like to do business.
What was the score?
should've invited me :p
8th #SDCChiHack is Scan2Chat, where you can scan a QR code to enter a chat room for wherever you are
Woopie O.o
thanks for taking care of me and last night ahahaha
what is Steve bedell's twitter handle? I have been told that u are the source for this
Aftershock just now and at around 12 too. This one was almost like the real thing. What's the diff?
With the going to min next, they must win series against bad team, sets up a big series vs texas Let's go!!
Florida Panthers are the only NHL team in first place with a negative points differential. Panthers are -22. In comparison, Bruins are +53
can i get a tweet or a follow? please, we're finally online at the same time <3 <3 i'll support you forever don't worry.
Hurry up, time to sign up your adult team for the fall adult season is running out. Deadline to reserve your spot is Thursday!!
That damn wind is a menace whipping around the hospital. Lookin like Cousin It when you get home
#thatsatisfiedfeeling when you don't have to get up at 5:30 for AP Euro Review (:
"I'm ready to come out of my shell" ~ turtles
Yea my phone works yay=)
Auditioned at Northwestern today! It was great to meet and play for Mr. Goines and the rest of the talented staff. Awesome campus too...
I want to go to a Brewers game either Friday or Saturday. Whose with me?
yeah a bit thanks for asking :)
haha I tried to convince Val to get a twitter
"Instead of creating products that look like everyone else's, I try to think of what meets a need in the market. --Mustad's Jeff Pierce
omg I'm so sorry
After the grief you gave me?!? Oh man. ;) It was great, come to the next one! It would've been that much better with you there!
yeah mine are packed away somewhere...
that's who made the oregon stuff?
Its funny how everybody loves twinkies when i get some
Are you on the journey?
#MetroAdventures begin, arrive on platform to find train experiencing "door malfunction" b/c chick jumped on & her purse got caught
Ready for the New Year!
Save it til Wed when it's 30 degrees colder & wet!! ;)
Straighten up, Parrish. “: these grizzlies fans are savages”
Good Lord.. I new they had been experimenting with it. God help us if they have learned to perfect it.
Chara wins the fastest slap shot competition again and sets a new record with 108.8 MPH!
Good afternoon just woke up
lol at least u tried..if I hear briley airport wreck or donelson n tha same sentence I gotta check Mama Bird..my neck of the woods
Been listening to Pandora for 5 hours straight.
#Heat turn it up in 2nd half. Without Bosh. I'd take defensive & screening mindset of Anthony & Battier over Bosh for all 48. #JustMe?
Clearly, I can see your nuts.
Just trademarking this now iPadPee™ so that media has to pay me to use it. That's how it works, right?
Others who had canceled talks shows got new shows: Joan Rivers, Dennis Miller, Pat Sajak, Jon Stewart. Not Arsenio.
only Louis would break his wrist on a folding chair trying look at a KitKat hot air balloon... XD
Chipolte sounds pretty good
Really enjoyed watching the super chevy bridgestone verizon bud light dorito black eyed pea glee bowl.
. just went down for me... Anyone else?
#teamswift never thought we have a last kiss<3
Google is wonderful for genealogy.
#YouKnowYouDrunkWhen you wake up in bed next2 #MegGriffin & #Roger that gay alien from #AmericanDad as #Stewie jerks off in the corner
Don't you agree that government allowing gays to marry is more respectful to "invidividual sovereignty" than not?
LMAO..well if you say so. {wiggles brows}
A few hundred people lining up in the cold tonight for local Amazing Race auditions...Koin6 live
Laying in the grass and basking in sunshine.
The greatest virtues are those which are most useful to other persons.
"The future is an opportunity."
Herbert!!! Herbert Joel
Netflix time.
Stephen Hill still there and we're
You can't yell at us for following instructions!!! Wait, can you? Uh oh.
watching some old seasons of Big Brother, enjoying some slow rolls in the month.
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS. English - We Speak It. History - Hitler was right. Math- 1+1=2 Beyonce taught us that .Spanish - We Have Dora.
way worth it! wish i can go
Awesome, right? Expect big things from him. Follow him here:
I love the Rays hitters.
When you realize you've been looking for something but been searching the wrong places...
its funny how some guys throw caution to the wind when dealing with females online, is that the best game you have....
Love is when you've seen the best and the worst of someone, yet you still love them for what they have.
Thanks Katie! We gotta check in with Dr. Sam tomorrow too!
A good read; my own concerns relate as much to "the war on general computing" as to 1st amendment
I haven't gone to church for a while now
Eat a handful of almonds 20 minutes before a meal to curb your appetite.
Pandora is on a Squeeze kick today. This is most excellent. :)
Props once again to Jive's amazing IT department. I mean, do you get same/next-day turn around on your IT hardware/software orders? Amazing.
Through 10 games, #Brewers have 5.65 ERA (worst in NL) and a .228 team batting average, with three starters below .200.
oops -- got it too late -- do you know what it was?
I ❤ my mama tho
told you
Lakers WIN It's OVER
Ff to the highly talented birthday boy
Omg...that beyond amazing feeling when you put lotion on your legs right after you shave ☺😍😁
just making sure you're ok. You're one tough momma tho!
I am to a certain extent. I think everyone is feeling the pinch population wise. We definitely need server transfers.
Nice! I'm still getting another one in March. Wanted it anyway winning was just an excuse LOL We'll be prepared 4 #7 next yr
I can't feel the sunshine, only the wind blows me, so cold.
Street Fighter IV at 52% downloaded as soon as both games are done i will do a Marvel vs Capcom 3 open lobby via stream
SATURDAY NIGHT PARTY!!! COME HANG OUT WITH VEGAS' FINEST! Message me for FREE admission...
it will be a game indeed. Good luck today!!!!
Twitter is the only avatar I've not switched out. Unless you count SOPA, Arab green or holiday add-ons.
disk has not gotten slower over 5 decades. 10Krpm disk lengthens rotational latency but it doesn't dictate seek speed
My Life can be summed up in two words .......FUCC IT!
EVERY SINGLE TIME I HAVE TO GET OUT OF THE CAR, BOYFRIEND STARTS PLAYING -_________________________________________-
Mad men. sully and I are missing Sam. Thankfully he will be home tomorrow. Made a recipe in the crock pot for him!
has anyone tried out Drag Brunch at Dish on Sundays?
Kyle is quite the conversationalist
And I would enjoy the sweet nectar that is his Romanian wife.
Actually, I liked the article a lot, but couldn't resist the temptation... :)
"They're not hunting ducks with this stuff," Mayor says of the assault weapons collected this weekend.
Today this girl said she was gonna spit on me..i realized the last time she spit on me..i told her to spit on me!!
: #Walking is a great form of exercise! RT + Follow us #StepIntoSpring giveaway! You could win a custom #NikeID sneakers!
What are you doing tonight?
No. RT Don't ya just love Mondays?
After many turns in my first month at the University of Washington, I finally feel some stability, there will always be bumps, but Im ready!
Hi Hisham, I have to conduct an informational interview for a course that I'm taking and was wondering if you'd be interested?
I hope so too! I think I see more wine in my future...
I'm ready. Phone wouldn't call
Ronaldo just fucked him up!!! Place is rocking
Hi Craig! It's my birthday! :D
Friends are relatives you create for yourself. Author -Eustace Deschampos
all pray for #Ali that poor baby it just makes me cry to see what she is goin thru i fill bad for leah and corey
Just got my tickets for tonights game to watch and Kevin Durant take on tonight 5th row
Its not over tonight just give me one more chance to make it right
This is a real black duster wearing morning. MetroDiner I am here!
The Webinar can begin now. I'm here. :)
Hey cute
I love how you read according to your mood. Sometimes I wish I could do that! I impose far too strict rules on myself ...
Anybody That Likes Our Music HMU..
I hate using urinals while wearing sandals :(
I always just get it the day I get there
It's easier to work when you know why you are working...
you are talking to the turnt up King 😜
he be having plenty gum. his breath must stank
#CincoDeMayo is going to be Insane w/ playing a live exclusive set ! Party People Contact me for Tickets & Tables!
Donald Barthelme~ The best way to live is by not knowing what will happen to you at the end of the day...
blonde for a blonde? Only one I like.
Thanks for blog post RTs! Love those school teacher parents!
Thanks! Much appreciated.
Man, I'm having some major mood swings today.
If you don't like something change it. If you can't change it, change ur attitude don't complain.
#indieview A3: They need to set up bookstore outside hall where pub's have books sold. Galleys can be given away in the booth.
Los Angeles is more adventurous than you might think!!
Restful Christmas Weekend with my Family. Now
I feel like playing some
- nice! I think I have some live pixies around somewhere…
Semantics - they are all parks as are sites in national forests, BLM sites, Corps of Engineer sites, etc.
Move-in day! Destination: Chinatown
Entire theater buzzing over absurdity of #abrahamlincolnvampirehunter. #wtf?
Blackboard agreements with textbook publishers: Good roundup of press releases by
I really need another job for the summer. I wish I could be doing something I love everyday...
omg I just posted to fb that I needed quick healthy recipes...got a ton of good links. I'll send ur way! You can do it! ;)
Only drunk nuggets girl at mcnellies
To quote the great Dan Hedeya in Clueless: "I couldn't be prouder than if they were based on actual grades."
thank you!
holding hands with the monster under the bed
And they could be talking about a chicken leg they had for lunch and they'll talk about it with SUCH enthusiasm. Hahah
yessir!!! haha what up tez... how you been man
There is absolutely nothing funnier than yelling "HE'S STEALING MY BABY!" at a dad having a hard time with his kid in public
How about Letterman's ode to Super bowl comm'ls. Congrats to Robb Webb the announcer for that. The voice!
FEAR FACTOR.
Heading to SD!!
so i have to sit in the cafeteria for two hours -.-
Neil Patrick Harris
"We kings make the fashion "
thanks for the tweet. and i said i always would answer every one! :(
Scene of the crime - 14 East. How about 11?
Me too i'd die!!! XD RT : AAWH, good luck! I hope he is so you can meet him! :)
I THINK IAM GONNA CRY I LOVE IT SO MUCH
e.e. cummings?
anyone else remember when kids would get their ass kicked for rocking skinny jeans? yeah, that's out the fuckin window...
Friend us on Facebook to get promos and coupon codes... W.Facebook.com/campopoly
Close enough... you're not missing anything! LOL
Now playing, Los Psychosis from Memphis. At Trinity United Methodist 4001 Speedway
I had a lot of fun tonight. Thanks again to y'all who showed up and had some fun too. It was really wonderful seeing all of you.
Why does it seem that people use horrible personal tragedies to get their 15 minutes of fame? And "news" shows feed this addiction?
No need. Toughen up.
Don't take my kindness for weakness!!!
Bout time Knicks .
was up big hommie. Let's meet up after the holidays
sounds like your having a good day
girl just tell me when and I'm down
Playing monopoly with my sister! :]
Watching someone tug viciously on a locked door will probably never get old.
o awkward i can hear my phone going off in my parents' room.....
Did you know that the Pentagon is one of the world's largest office buildings, with more than 3,700,000 square feet?
I think it started in jamaica. At least, that's where I first heard about it.
Playing justdance3 on the kinect it's really funn.
: PS - Curious....Have any of those event location suggestions on LinkedIn panned out?
um your brother just said he hates you check his last tweet
did you get the mail
When reading any magazine you always what to go straight to that person that it's about to confirm if it's true or not because magazines lie
Imma make ya body moist by the sound of my voice ;)
George W. Bush had most scandalous past of any candidate in history. But #CorporateMedia scrubbed it all - and still does.
you're ruining my life! LMAO
Check out the great article by on Harry Widener, one of the Philadelphians aboard Titanic & one of the ppl in our exhibit!
October 15 masquerade heaven stage!!!
Attendees. Enjoy and tweet lots!
Just finishing my IDCM paper. Three more theories to jot down and citations to bring. Going to have to study for this 11-am as well.
Today's Bulls victory > Today's Cubs victory
Why does Facebook now have a million ads? It's turning into MySpace...
they learned from Lawler.
That Chevy Sonic Ad was my favorite so far! From your first time to the time of your life!
I don't think I want any gum. I'll take some victories
every day feels like im getting sicker nd sicker have to get better soon
Ever feel your phone vibrate in your pocket and realize your holding it?
Easier said than done
Great seeing you! “: Just walked by a random restaurant and see a waving at me from the bar! This will be a good day!”
You know, I like tea...
I listened to you in Houston since 610 first picked you up (1996?). Flabbergasted that they dropped you.
they're outfitted in hello kitty .... costumes, i guess you would call these
The best things in life are still sweet and gooey. Happy Easter!
Defence enlists an army of spin
seriously? I couldn't have done that. Did a few FB updates early on, then nothing til after the birth!
lmao, shoot i dont blame u for dumpster diving lol
Walking through a Vegas casino always reminds me of the scene where the Grinch is complaining about all the noise in Whoville.
's Double Choc/Single Chin brownies were a hit as we celebrated the start of a new school year. PATY is my fave cookbook!
Excited to see us in the new edition of !!
my boyfriend is so special to me feels good to have someone thats going to have yo back no matter what :)
Yeah, it would be odd. But, who knows, they've wanted to do it before.
“: Congratulations Penn State wrestling on back-to-back National Championships!” Congrats to my Nittany Lions!
fascinated by the oversized orb spiders whilst casting my sins into the florida marsh...
hey, that's my line! (Are you using a twitter client that shows "in reply to"?)
aw thanks maria!!:)
The butcher backed up into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
I'll be waiting on the other side
I'm listening to the sweet tunes of on the way to the gym. If you don't know him I highly recommend him!
Listening to Texas on my iPhone in the metro reminds me of listening to Texas on the Underground. On my Sony Discman.
I've got a few ideas - I'll send them over after work today.
Sign some #petitions on
Follow me back?(:
2:40 y'all! Time to try and remember what the hell I was supposed to be doing.
I was gonna go to bed last night around 9 and then Pinterest sucked me in again! So I was up till 11...
Fatso's Pizza carries the Big 10 Network!
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there. I really don't know what I'd do without my mom & I don't even wanna imagine I love you Mother ❤
Very heavy weather right now
I can't stand pushy people! The more you push, the more I don't show an interest! That's w/ anything... #Business, #Life,
i just want straight bangs but my boyfriend thinks they're ugly, so yeah.
#2 more days til' teen hoot!! Can't wait to meet you(:
Thank you internet...listening to Marla Leigh tracks via Soundcloud while eating breakfast in a garden in Sutter Creek
I'm stunned, horrified and yet amazed all at the same time.
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is that Islam is really peaceful it's the media that tries to make it look bad
It's the lyrics of the song I was listening to....lol. Maybe I was thinking of someone too.
Had a fabulous weekend with friends new and old and am headed into exciting classes this semester!
agreed. and christians. sadly, you and i may be in the minority here...
Movie Night 😊
hey gorgeous :)
Yep. Made it there.
Work will be slow, whew!.
Very very sneaky of you haha. Things are good, busy. We need sun here in DC soon! You?
Retouching. Retouching. Retouching.
Seems to be once and done. I didn't feel bad, just had a brilliant red rash and joint pain. Pretty weird.
Oh, Steph, what did you do?
would you rather they verify the story, or rush to quote a tabloid? Remember when JoePa died a day early?
Happiness is not about getting what you want all the time, it's about loving what you have
Dang! That's so soon... We only hung out like once!! lol It's all good tho.. Don't be a stranga!
Ordinary People- John Legend
If you mention "twitter" in comments of your $25 or more order we will include a FREE SIX PIECE brush set! Remember always free shipping
Good Morning<3
tweets on point
today is a good day for a sick day!
Woke up this morning with a song and beat in my head.... ima put this on my mixtape....its called christain girl. Is a Godly banger lol
You're right. I'm embarrassed I posted that.
I got the gist of what you were saying. If it makes you feel better I am up way too late.
My laptop won't stop playing Rolling in the Deep. I think it's because it's a Dell.
Let me just... Ugh. Nevermind.
i have my baby sis sleeping on my chest and i just noticed she has a big butt hehe xD :p
Mother #Self-care is non-negotiable! Join the #1MillionMovement for moms today!
1902- Pierre and Marie #Curie discover
My name is Ryan Patrick and I'm the Product Manager for Hoovers API
Good times had at the wine expo. Tonight. Feeling cultured
SUCH a guy thing...
#MyCelebCrushIs do the count😊 yes then them😘
#Mozart's "Ave Verum" gets my vote for one of the best short choral pieces of all time. Gorgeous, and to the point.
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste. ~ David Bissonnette
Holy crap. Memorial Day is in two weeks?? Welcome to the slippery slide of summer scheduling...
What corner of Fullerton & Sheffield to you pick up on?
Hahahaha that was funny
#cowboysnation! send me your collective addresses so I know where to send your playoff wreath. Turn out the lights. The party's over!
where them lil joints @?
lot more Christian literature in Memphis airport bookstore than I would've guessed. Called "inspirational literature," but 100% Christian...
DID THE UNBELIEVABLE TONIGHT.
boomers facebook
Isaiah 12:5 NIV Sing to the Lord, for He has done glorious things; let this be known to all the world. Isaiah 12:5
That is good to know but still think he would have no chance. Respectfully disagree.
Its krazii how ppls is still racist #r.i.p trayvon martin ..!!
Ging to Chicago saturday at 2:00 AM.....staying at my friends house friday cuz we going together
just saw your Tweet... were you thinking he was related to one Justin Bieber? I know you're a Bieber believer, Reid.
Camilla a B A D BITCH period 👍 got them bitches spooked
I'm extremely sore. I'm unable to layon my back. I will see my doctor. Great, enjoying life is awesome!! Have a great day!
#np: Smile Back - Mac Miller (:
#iwishyouknew how I felt about you, and the shyness won the battle and now it's to late...
...and there's free peanuts and hot dogs here!!! Best bar ever? Quite possible.
Still haven't gotten out of bed
YAYY !! I MISS YOU RETARDS !!! <3
Safe to say, the dream ends here, Louisville.
this is why I love you 😍💋
You as well. Look forward 2 your Tweets. RT : Thanks for the follow! Good to see you on here!
My Grant Morrison's writing Impersonation: "Why... who did... the barrier is in flux... it... is... I... am... god!" "Climb into the womb!"
Happy Friday and Happy Easter Weekend!
Going w/B, W/Success of Mumford/YTG/Gotye et Al, that sound is shapping what we do. The rock stil peaks its head in as well.
Jennifer Kinon is fabulously talented and wonderfully responsive. Thank you for beautiful and strategic work for
SO BUSY!
I'm not new just sayin, would they use n word. Satire teaches However the easy and often use of F word is a pandemic
yeah NOW u say that, u was RT everytime they mentioned that kid with Uk
Mr. John Westfall & Dr. Robert Johns Honoring
FUCK OF ALREADY. DO YOU NOT KNOW HOW TO LEAVE SOMEONE ALONE?!
it doesn't sound like that's what's happening. they're eliminating the "spectrum" but expanding the "autism" definition.
I had several profound thoughts over the weekend. Unfortunately I can remember none of them now.
Man fuck today !
RT : Rachel Buehler of is headed to in San Diego today to visit the kids!
I did FOLLOW BACK “ follow hun”
No, the Cavs conceivably fall to 6 but that would mean 3 teams wouldve jumped them and that's very, very unlikely.
That's because you need to use ;)
Can white guys be black people lovers?
how much??
[Campus Bulletin] This is actually an intense game of chicken with u[sic]ga administrators to see who'll reopen first.
Oh, right! Whiskey Saturday is the best kind of Saturday!
We can't all live and love as Americans when justice is not present and realized by all...
Hey buddy!
@ jsteinshouer did you see just gave jimnnicks a shout out? Feels like I should bust out the still smells like BBQ shirt.
Have #TheVoice recording 4 tonight!Cant wait.but i have a feeling that im going to miss it thats y the DVR comes in2 play! Cant miss Justin
well damn mi amor lol ;D I'm on facebook and twitter lol but your voice is worth more <333
This week has gone by so fast, I can't believe it's Thursday tomorrow! Next week is gonna go by even faster (:
Hahaha! You and Mr. Furley would make an awesome team.
I have something very exciting to share with everyone on Twitter! We had a video put together for our holiday event and it is now on youtube
