Saying Goodbye in the Rain: Black Theatre Troupe presents A SONG FOR CORETTA January 13 -22, 2012 in Phoenix
ha ha ha OH well, no dying on hump day, please. thin it out with a martini later ;)
Listening to 4HWW again...
are you going to make me call you Dr.Cadigan just because you have a phd?! #justkidding!!
Let's go CAPS!
Random News: Shahid Kapoor denied permission to stay at Gwalior airbase
sounds fun - email me.
From Peyton Manning, to Matt Flynn, to Alex Smith, to David Garrard..... Wow - Somewhere Matt Moore is laughing his ass off.....
The interactive children book for Seattle Aquarium looks sweet, good work.
My new silver rhinestone phone case arrived yesterday. Very PRETTY...very rock-n-roll. :)
I just went to Twitter to find out what happened in Hollywood. The times are changing. That's for sure.
It is SO hard to be Paisley. She has the roughest life ever.
Gina Dent and Angela Davis now showing photographs from their travels to Palestinian prisons.
The best feeling is coming up of the escalator and seeing the beautiful chipotle sign #twitterless Sara
#AmexUNSTAGED and part 2 starts! I like this song from his new album. Sixteen saltines.
spend the rest of your night reading these lovely text-only instagrams (). Turns out a picture is actually just 140 characters
I miss YOU, How long are you in NY my love
yeah girl! I got your graduation open house invitation today :)
We are looking forward to tweeting with you!
Gunna be a great day! Dull of energy
YOUR SO AMAZING !!! UR MUSIC IS THE BEST !! #TeamGenevieve #GenevieveNation F O R E V E R (: I love you ! RT
At the Mexican cultural institute ready to check in our #pasion guests!
Now Playing: - Domino
lol you will get there.
Really hoping there's no Gilbert Godfrey this week
Barbara Barry.
can I get a shoutout g
thanks for the RT
hey! I just got a bike!
Nance says she wants BOD to bring its issues back to so it can respond
I am having a hard time choosing to eat my lunch when all I want is Halloween candy!
good morning love :)
Just watched the Atlanta housewives go to Africa. Complete waste of my life.
That ad almost made me want to import a car from Detroit. # SuperBowl
you're my ambassador of quan! haha
If u haven't visited Technology Cafe yet, you're missing out! Hands-on experience w/YouTube, GoogleDocs, Tegrity, & more! Rm 201
"yeah I'm not buying you one direction tickets". words I never wanted to hear.
Like I'm tired of treating Now i finally get ta get treated watt :)
Listen up fam, if ur give'n more than 50% in yo relationship it aint no partnership. #straitaim'n
/ oprah the show was great, give some advice on being a successful coe visit www.coecontinuingeducation.com
Selling my red rayban knockoffs. Anyone?
My understanding is that he "wants out" is media contrived, but time will tell when ink and paper are SUPPOSED to meet.
i think so. I feel like sleeping somr more. :-)
A fireball pitched cannot be put out with spit.
just heard your song "Met Him in a Motel Room" for the first time ... You made me cry! Love it!! Amen!
Good talking with - cool dude. I LOVE how he got his start in the biz. We'll play it tomorrow
- Colbert is hilarious, shows all the joke that Citizens United is
Public Relations Team Leader in our Milwaukee office. Contact me to learn more .
ahoy hoy! Thanks for the mention!
S&P is on the warpath.
Hope to c #OOMF soon
Congrats to on #36 overall pick in #NFLDraft, Derek Wolfe, DL UC - Mile High here we come
nope. They are also a generally angry people.
WMBM listeners, Thursday October 28, 2010 at 9:15am Judge Karen will interview me as a candidate for District 17
Merry Christmas Alice. I hope you're having an amazing one. I wish all the best in the world for you. You deserve it.
your proabbly really busy but please please take the time to help me trend this PLEASE #LiamPayneFollowmaaaaaaaary1D xx
Super-glad to be on a 3-car B-line! I wish they all were at rush hour! # mbta
Wish I was cool enough to play four square in front of the library.
bout dang time! #kendalldidacover :) #49daysuntilBIGTIMESUMMERTOUR ah!!!! ARE YOU EXCITED?!?!?!
#YouAintMyFriendIf you wouldn't caddie for me
My password is 666
break legs!
God has drained his ravioli with my roof
On my way to #FromTheAshes conf discussing social justice in the two decades following the LA riots
You don't!
RT : Woken up yet another morning without the help of the Velvet Rooster. C'mon people, I need ya. RT...
If you forgive people's mistakes, your heavenly Father will forgive yours - Matthew 6:14
follow back pleasee:)
Editing a ton of pics from Paid Dues!!
He was mad because I posted a bunch of stuff to the internet rather than telling him, and he thought he might have been able to save my life
Those look awesome
That'd be great.
thanks, we follow them. Seen several episodes on YouTube. We were in #Philly for Scrapplefest
Lol Justin was singing n dancing
happy Turkey day. Sorry I couldn't b there
7 Rules to a better Life :1.Never Hate 2. Live Simply. 3. Expect a Little. 4. Give a lot. 5. Always Smile. 6. Live with Love. 7. Be With God
Derrick Rose has the best floater in the League!!!
We miss you around here. It's dead
for open bar in vegas!
Oh yeah we just beat horizon
- Thanks for putting this together. I'm new to twitter and I am loving it!
Born Villain? It's fucking amazing. I love it. Definitely worth your money. Manson is so talented.
Your the Common Denominator....oh oh ohh oh
he won't.
anyone on Richmond other than Brown worth paying close attention to?
When do you get off.....hehehehehe
Just booking more jobs....as usual....
Also, the Patriots ran out to every high school basketball team's warmup tape.
Word of the day = grizzled. I just like it.... Doesn't describe anything about my day.
Good to know that my Breaking & Entering skills are still up to par.
Time Stops For Nobody. Use It Wisely.
I followed:)
smh not good and now my stomach hurting
Now I won't be able to put my phone in my uggs anymore. That sucks.
- thanks for leaving the Love Boat theme song playing in my head! Safer play? M Barber / S Jackson?
Y do we women have to do more, then a man to get ready n the morning.
Ha! Well I'm always sorta Tweeting in my underwear. :) Thanks for link to review about LF, I'll read it on the bus this am!
For some reason, my blog is big in Sudan this week. Go me! (I hear Alphaville's "Big in Sudan" in my head.)
Seeing that im happy kills you?well how about me actually moving forward to happiness, too badd ive already left you gone miss me when i go
And Adam Lambert will be performing on next week's Idol results show. Ah Jessica will meet her hero Adam Lambert
i saw bruno twice this weekend. granted, i had some incentive. but question: how many repeat viewers do we get in the theatre?
Santorum is spending a shit ton of time defending his sound bytes
come up out of it. There is an exit point and you just gotta get out of it.
Westward, ho! Wait, what abt education?! RT : I think it's time to move to California! We love gays and uteruses!
yes you should loll...lol esp if you're giving your # out to clients/work related things LOL...
I NEED SOME TOO!
couldn't have said it better myself!!
Hi, my name is Jay Johnson and I am a professional speaker and trainer. I am interested! More info?
What do you mean the mexican/indian/chinese/american buffet we wanted to hit for lunch is closed for business?! How cud this be?....
When I finally get my booty to you, we are eating there. Deal?
One common theme last two nights in the park!
God Reminded Me That He's Still Able🙏
You nt a hoe if u get first nighted. Unless that's a everyday thing for you.
"Work hard. Play hard. Be kind." You're so inspirational <3 #1Dbiggestfan4ever please please please please tweet me back?!?!<3
wait till we come back to LA.
"If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know." ~Louis Armstrong
I emailed you (this is a confirmation)
any great designers looking for a full-time job and willing to work in DC or Baltimore?
How many ways can you tweet "drinks?"
u r my inspiration! <3
Blodwyn never forgets.... But blodwyn did yesterday....
RT : Although I grew up here and have been back for 15 yrs..this is my first time EVER eating at TWIN ANCHORS!! Yummy!!
I actually brought my mother to work with me - but I call her "Mummy"
Why do even highly intelligent people use the phrase "I could care less"?
Playoff hockey is supposed to be about speed, skill, and excitement. Won't be watching long if this is what its comes to
eat a hamburger. This is America.
goal by Scott Timmins
Four bombs would put Braun in the same mention as Hard hittin Mark Whiten
Yesterday is a canceled check tomorrow is a promissory note. Today is the only cash u got, so spend it wisely. Love and Light
Wow, all defense for the #Patriots with their first 4 picks.
easy to do. especially while obsessively knocking on a closed door.
My apologies for not following my followers sooner than right now.
And you did all of that before noon. Pretty impressive.
I concur
Good morning early birds! We're on the set of "Good Day Oregon" We'll be hanging out with around 6:40am. :)
Yay!!!! We're shooting more today. Thanks for your support!
I doubt it. I went a couple of years ago & found it to be too mainstream for my taste.
My friend's outfit today >
Alright, just for you man! RT ": jealousy is a real bitch Javier...Now write twice as much!"
Red Bull! :D lol jk ...unconditional love is what makes me fly<3 RT": What makes you fly?"
How can Philly encyclopedia avoid duplicating other web content?
almost but 2nd place is great
"i like eggs!" hahaha, who knows where thats from?
Having twitter issues already. Maybe it didn't like my pic, LOL. Hope its stays this time.
Oh come ON, refs! That was totally the #texans ball!
just had a garbage plate from joe's hots in geneva, so good now it's time to pass out for a while:)
here at the library. :p and it's José Gallegos
madonna was giving me life during vogue at the superbowl
Be radiant in this ruby-colored necklace and earring set. Pear-shaped and round faux stones in
Follow the #InGenious Clothing Co. Crew! , &
Just got done with the committee for school. Both teachers are great. But I think one would be better.
sweet. Hanging out with you in Chicago should be fun.
Minnesota. you're being ridiculous. stop making everyone sweat.
Whose excited for spring ball next weekend?
RT : Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. -Oprah
brewers just dont have it this year
Wow, RIP Chuck Brown.
I love you
Being married really takes #PATIENCE ... Had to stress that, Patience!
Hi I'm I'm super AWESOME!!
I just wish I could still talk to you.
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please ♥
Thanks for the invite! I appreciate it.
Can't wait to see the Voice tonight. And CASTLE!!
Let's go UMass!!!
wishing I was at my familys xmas party
ah thanks for the tip! I think I will watch an episode before bed.
Ah, thanks lady! Good luck with our Beatle's Magical Mystery Tour meets Hot Topic wedding invite!
cool idea for shirt! but gotta draw ryno as a peanut guy cuz thats about how much respect #Cubs gave him in coaching search!
Impressed kindle iPhone knew the page of the book I was on on the kindle.
Snowing in new York? In April? Caarraazzy!
So idk which person tweeted "F.I.S.H (Fuck it shit happens) yesterday but I've been saying it nonstop and its annoying lol
Trying to sell this damn prom dress.
Weird and crazy. RT Number of players, all time, officially in MLB: 17,185. Batters faced by Jamie Moyer: 17,179.
Listening now with - It was great talking today and we love your new blog turnitupto10.com - check it out!
Tampa. Maybe NYJ. PHI has some crazy weaknesses no one talks about plus some new parts.
When the light goes out it's a question of who washed.
Waiting in line to see #hungergames. Way crazier than I expected.
#IfICouldWishForAnything to sit down and have a conversation with I could listen for hrs to him speak, so motivating <3
I feel like such a loser getting into Grind Wit Me. Having my own concert.
lets get dinner tonight.
Aw shucks.
/ so happy to hear that your little boy is better!all our prayers are sent your way God Bless
Girl, today's teacher is clueless. I'm so bored. This is Word 101 and I could teach this class myself.
Will do. Musical collaborations are what is all about!
aw ;) thanks!
you should check out our iPad typing trainer. It definitely flattens that learning curve.
is a lucky guy to have their Mahomies <33 I Love U
I don't know about the rest of the world but I came to terms with my life goals, got a tattoo, joined a cinema fraternity...
says multiple witnesses back Zimmerman's story. I call BS on her poetic license. Only one witness backs zim, who else? biased!
Big things our on the way..
Thanks so much!!
just donated to Have u? great music, community focused and they play local artists. :)
thank you! we should have combined our birthdays this year and organized a festival.
Shout out to for being ROY
The promoted tweets are working
nothing like getting to santa fe only to remember you left your computer in albuquerque!!!! its gonna be a long night.
I'm Late for work cos I laid in bed reading tweets
...to bridge the gap of my two passions. I hope you all continue to support my musical endeavors, thank you.
I made that beat in ten minutes. lol killin shit without even tryin
LOL girls now days, ignore her :)
OH MY GOD AH I FORGOT AGAIN
Find a 3D printer outfit. I'm assuming that they are working on the prototype/demo and not the finished product.
some days i be feeling you . other days , i don't give a fuck about you . . .
my favorite RHCP song is Hard To Concentrate, I just love it
My dog and my neighbors girl boxer had a lil moment together awww
Wow! Twitter Over Capacity?
I can honestly only think about May 28 right now !! That's all I care about ! I miss my best friend !(:
you say you want a ReVoLuTiOn
gotta hear that Jamez Anthony
I know it's been too long. And I think I'm gonna wear my glow in the dark shoes and we have to find Nomi
Dear , You're welcome. Come back soon! Love,
My following to follower ratio is bringing me down a little today.
Some of the craziest dreams I tell ya
yes! Or a selected passage that is clearly a "teaching passage" or obviously central in some way
This evening in 1955, Rosa Parks was arrested for not giving up her seat on the bus because her skin was the wrong color. Thank you Rosa.
In the SAG board room, & just saw a wonderful film about Native American Actors. They are underrepresented & there are many great actors.
stop reminding me it's not the 90s. i'm going to make a zine and feel better about everything right now.
Yay finally on my way home from school! Whats going on tonight?? 🎉🍻
{People who pursue excellence also prepare for total failure.}
When me & Dylan are on the phone, all I hear is his music.
I don't really like cut flowers, though, to begin with... idea of giving someone you like a dead / dying thing is strange to me
Watchin the darkest hour
nope. Not at all. Just empty of commuters.
congrats on the funding. Now you can finally afford to hire me ;-)
What's good!? What is everyone doing tonight?
nothingg worse than an intense itch on bottom of ur foot with tall boots on. Do you try to reach ur arm down there?Or just rip off the boot?
Jetlagging after #fbf11 and have decided to link Twitter and Facebook accounts. Thanks for your patience, friends.
Can you contact ? We'll take a look right away. Thanks!
I'm constantly amazed at how intertwined my #pln is. People from two different contexts can know each other, but not through me. Wacky.
Where they claim a photo violates copyright law and order you to remove it or they will sue you and your webhost.
Tonight HEAT game 3 watch party in the Sunset Lounge! Girls i got you covered with dinner rsvp now 3053057645
"My mom got them from using some foreign guys toothbrush." New Icarly
aww sad :/ they'll come back. They're missing an awesome player.. can't blame em lol
whats a good conversion rate for a consumer internet site like yogatailor.com?
Been in Australia less than 10 hours and I've already done a skywalk over top of a rainforest. Heading into Sydney tonight!
Yay, Coyote Ugly's on!
It is too early
so just realized tonights the series finale of #OneTreeHill ... #depressed? i think so.. :(
thanks a lot for that Dirty Bieber Secrets tweet!! Now I won't be able to sleep... Really disgusting stuff...
phuong, Chazz here (mike's friend) - I want to play u in tennis 1 day.
Lakers were 1-2 against OKC. The one game they won was where Metta was ejected for the elbow and they won in 2OT
next time your in my area we'll take a stroll man
Ugh. Why am I up so early? D:
Where should I go eat? =)
if up to , more of a beer pinball game.
last year > this year
yup that's the one.
Origin, Cattle decap, decrepit birth, and Aborted Tonight!!! I get to see your doppleganger live tonight!!
Think Ron Paul is voting for #Romney? Not a chance. Neither should you. Start touting #Libertarian Gary Johnson. #RonPaul would if he could!
O.o forrealtho
glad the truth comes out cuz I don't need you either!
Thanks for the follow, Bill.
Gym coffee beach book. YES massive win
I'm finally finally finally reading Opening Up by If you've ever been interested in open relationships, READ IT!
Overused fonts: Bleeding Cowboy, and Birth of a Hero
Thanks again for all your support!
<<<<< FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW NOW !!!!
Baby make that ass clap **clap *clap**
ikr! Kinda scary😁
Gotta make a music video for Broadcast Production Ah! Should I do the song Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen or Who I am by Nick Jonas?
just send me a message in DM
Thank you.
Star Trek: great performances, awful script.
Why yo fingers all up in my Kool aid
So we moved the store around and now we are filling it up with even more goodies for you! Come see the new lay out!
Had the very best day today, Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!
I was afraid it was just me. CAPTCHA can be so irritating.
I want some. Hook me up.
Had a Super Pretzel with mustard at 8:30 in the morning, accompanied by coffee. It's just one of those days.
Happy birthday to Dave Gahan of who turns 50 today!
I absolutely love you .. <\3 Can You Call Me .. Like, Now .. Please, please, please, Please .. <\3
Good morning all. Summerfest is today! Come and bring the kids. Lots of fun and shopping. And of course henna tattoos at Bath & Body Bistro.
And also to you.
#NP 's Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded
Follow me, and if there is anything I can to do support your efforts over here in Seattle? Buckly's is our Pack bar!
I guess it's not very convenient for those without a car. Maybe theaters should invest in lockers?
Oh frustrating! Just left you a vmail about Museum Month coming up. Safe (and speedier, I hope) travels!
She's a beauty! And thanks for the congrats. :)
While Twitter is known for promotion to reach a people beyond your friends, Facebook simplifies life with its applications, and connections.
I laughed so hard...I almost burnt my mouse. #FromVG RT If a horse is really hungry is it going to eat itself?
#ndpl "develop an adopt ENABLiNG policies & practices" 4 digitization support. :-) emp mine
Thanks Paul! Unfortunately, I'm not at #confab12 this year. But following the stream for great info! Thanks for connecting :)
sure thing and thanks I have 14 I love ink!!!???
are you hyped for Teen Wolf season 2?
Wiley X for shooting eye protection.
im great love! Thanks for asking! Wish I could go back to sleep lol
Tonight from 5pm-8pm: $2 Drafts, Stella, Spotted Cow, Fat Tire, Riverwest Stein, Blue Moon,Newcastle and FREE Buffalo Wings!!!
Lyubov & Vladimir Fedun....Happy Second Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento Franchisee! We value our partnership!
Lots of people say "sure, I'll read it" then sit on it forever...
wen im talkin to sombody i dont want the moment to be awkward.....:/
"All, too, will bear in mind this sacred principle, that though the will of the majority is in all cases to prevail ...
Hanging out.
interviews her parents. Find out why tonight at 11!
He'd steal a dead fly from a blind spider.
Anytime, yo. You can drive!
Our studio was def shaking
That's why I first looked it up!
Come out and watch the midnight premier of ##TheAvengers tonight!😊
Great being connected. If you follow me then we can connect more easily.
I had actually had a women's ministry leader say that teaching the women about their purpose was not in line with their mission!
EnviroLink is launching their #Facebook and Twitter! Check out our website for a full list of services: www.envirolinkcompanies.com
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
sure, followed (:
you ask this yet you are friends with !?
hell naw, I guess they don't , I'm glad I got TOYS lol
Some products labeled '#green' aren't safe - look for #green #certification labels.
I would go to 's concert...but I'm in it...so...
he's not your future husband soo stfu!! He's miner <3
Whipping up some creamy strawberry cream cheese frosting and about to frost cupcakes.
whadd it do
It's possible. :)
+1 RT Just submitted a research article to solely because it's #openaccess; feeling the tides change
Presenting f2f conf Jun 12-15 in Boston. Conflicts w/ #iED is there free conference option? #VWBPE best community seen so far
haven't heard that #planetmoney yet. I love it when they report on #utah weirdness!
lol cool. U miss me yet.?
"It's perfect. I am weeping." <----- [actual client feedback]
This nigga blake griffin only got one move...that weak ass spin move...lol
and a seat for you too!
Of course that's what you're excited for!
Congrats! #amahighered rocks
you missed it, we got free donuts! And banas
: so happy for you guys! Can't wait to meet Maeve! Love you!
I Miss Talking To /:
but so worth it!
IMHO, hypertext and new media.
I won't tell anyone you are an Air Marshall.
pls also keep in mind I'm a Master Sommelier. I could make sure some mad wine shows up if you let me know when you will return
I love the life God has given me! Ready for this next chapter :-)
the spider tune? Adore it! My mom wouldn't spring for the 45, so that one's had a whole second life since I grabbed it on napster
#teamblack is going all the way!
My aunt thought that that picture of me is so pretty, she printed it out & framed it. Lol
inside boob “: Side boob is okay, but what really gets me is off is mammogram boob.”
Don't worry! You are so close!!
The day I stop being fan girl is the day I'll stop working in the Country music business. I never want to take anything for granted
Someone bring me a warm blanket and something to make this cough go away
me too. hence the tweeting :p
I'll bet my guys can't wait to see me.......because they haven't eaten since this morning! Lol! I am a realist!
Watching Crazy Stupid Love with my 3 BFFS!!
I have to say that the Brewers are looking great so far. Pitching impressive, everybody hitting well. Very hopeful!
“: lol watching storage wars!!!” Yup!!! New one starts in 90 minutes.
Biology exam was easier than i thought! Now i wanna go home.
Ugh like I said...I better get it
shit same here laying down bord out
How are you liking UF?
Oops worst parking job in the history of ever. Don't even care.
Happy Birthday mam.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT? :D
best day ever C:
Thinking about deleting twitter
Cook with your mate. It exercising the “teamwork muscle.”
Worst idea ever. Nothing sharp belongs in my pants. RT Nothing scares a chick more than tying a staple remover to your dick
thanks bro!
amazing! I got to meet David Solano after the show, but I got home really late.
All that being said, twitter is making me laugh today, so that helps!!!
Hello Taye Diggs look-alike at the gym.
Just sitting here wondering who would win in a fight? Chewbacca, or Bigfoot? No crossbows allowed.
Vote for KayLynn's Ethanol car. You can vote once every 24 hours. Vote for the design: www.sponsafier.com/share/58256
Ours go to the "buy for a quarter" shelf.
With a right person, even a simple song will turn into a beautiful melody
Were you using fPVARP or bPVARP?
So. Fucking. Sick.
My pleasure.
lol back in the day! I remember those days man
NO HOMO!
IndianapolisGigs (BydIndianapolis) thanks for the follow.
'' okay baby I love you <3
I'm not sure I have that one. Maybe on VHS
Just stopped in the new Willis Music in Kenwood, OH. Our new fav local music shop!
Oh, hey boy. What's good?
So you wanted to be friends again so we can stick to barely talking? LOL okay.
not much, u?
no one told me congrats when al tweeted me o okay..... LMFAO
Yup... Just now leaving work.
Hit me up if u need productions www.streetanthemsproductions.com
I was impressed. So much fun.
I feel tricked
Hard to keep focused on my race with all the WC excitement and Chicago marathon. At least there is no pressure on me.
Exercise and nutrition are important for baby boomer guys. Read my article at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
The fact that it's free is amazing to me. :)
tehehe how are you???
President says this reunion song is worse then if all the GOP Presidential candidates got back together (don't get any ideas)...
i was thinkin 2 for 3, the soccer thing might be a lil difficult so i'll rule that one out
Mowtown is Growtown. Where you grow your mind and spirit.
Glad to hear it Lisa! Would love to hear your thoughts!
Who wants to go to the season opener with me?
I'm sorry to hear this MJ. You 'd be an asset to the film. Hard decisions for sure
seven and a half hour drive .... thought it was closer :-)
Help this Miami girl out and get her to 300 followers !! It would mean alot <3
You sir should be a song writter.
DO NOT TAUNT ME -- "This web session has expired. Please close this browser window and start over."
Had a Quiznos Sub.Italian) Did Some RecOrding,and Wrote some RIFFS!
If you got haters then you know you're doing something right.
Met my new student in the #univmiami mentor program last night Kai Xu Looking forward to great year Miami biz leaders - become mentors
Goodnight sweet prince; and may flights of angels sing thee to thine rest. - W. Shakesphere
#edcampcincy. learning how to do twitter!
inside the Musician's mind. Its a dark place
lol thank you!
I don't think so. I think they just want good effects and to maybe see something they've never seen before.
Q9 #Foodiechats You have a #SweetTooth What healthy option do you choose?A baked apple with cinnamon spice.
iis not real that is a fake picture.
Ah yes, I saw that as well. I think that likely would take issue w/ measures by users to protect privacy. Shame.
Happy Patriots' Day and best of luck to all the competitors in the #BostonMarathon (which passes right by us, so we don't have rehearsal)!
yes they are
they showed it online... And it was pathetically obvious.
I have been well.
You men better stop slutting around in the street with these ho's. Wear a damn condom..I will be wearing condoms too.
Either you run the day or the day runs you. -Jim Rohn
ALEXA ROCKS!!!!!
#10factsaboutme I don't like to brag about anything because it takes all the joy out of succeeding
Who called my name in the hall>>>
RT: : Tune in today to hear and talk with on Foodie and the Beast 1500am
will they be all that they can be or will they be the devil's own...
sry misread that!
Cleanse day 3. Alert and vibrant this morning, felt like hell yesterday afternoon. Drinking carrot + beet juice at the moment.
RT Have YOU spread the Twitter-love! When we reach 3000 followers we will be giving out a $100 Gift Certificate.
. Yes! I think feeding FourSquare checkin-ins to LinkedIn is one of the biggest shibboleths for someone who just doesn't get it.
Must see! Very funny!, Alabama Leprechaun , on You Tube!
of course you're in a secret healing circle right now. Why wouldn't you be?
I love 11:11 it the best it my ringtone
... Follow Jenny McCarthy here! Autism, Vaccines, Recovery.
Merry Christmas to you and yours :)
Even my dog's on twitter now --
That's true so when you see him just breathe in and out and try not to cry lol
Me too!
good luck to Rihannaand Matt Kemp they look happy
we love you and your little cupcake wars!
Your thinking 
I wish I had dora's parents they let that bitch go anywhere
I think I'm more frustrated with my not liking it than you guys might be. I don't like not liking it.
The share of people with health insurance from their employers dropped from 59.8 percent in 2007 to 55.3 percent in 2010.
Hella pulled a muscle on my back :(
It was a butterfly wonderland outside this morning. LP too or is it a #southside specialty? Bums & 🐶s too
No problem - great blog, feel free to follow me for travel news and blog posts
According to my uncle, BHI is the northernmost edge of the alligator habitat. He said "sometimes little dogs just disappear". o_O
Comic Strip Live's line up coming up throughout the night!!
same exact shit, just love how he says its diff
rock on! Thanks!
welcome dude you guys gonna down thing this weekend?!
that makes sense to me!
“: #Pisces hate dealing with flakey Ppl and need solid and loyal Ppl surrounding their circle.”
Congrats to Marty Brodeur on his 100th career playoff win!!! It made me proud as a long time fan!
Ha! RT A3: Kill the author?
Hello? who's on? RT please
man y'all fools got me hooked
First CUTCOPY show at (in)Terminal 5 sold out already. Second one added. get to it.
Call me maybe ...not
Pickin up some of that Figi water for the studio. Only the best for the artists that come thru here
Thanks for the follow! Go Falcs!
you 2 beter suck it up and be there for th team or I'm disappointed in you
Neighbors: Kelly Krause
So many good Catholics fighting for social justice in the world. Sadly, the church's outdated stances on women and gay rights ring louder.
Tweeting while drinking heavily is encouraged.
Even if I asked; you still wouldn't want me.
I have a feeling Bill Clinton was rooting for Bubba Watson.
Corn (Mamas & the) Pops
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible. ~Marion C. Garretty
Yinz guys came dahn here to lawrenceville and put on a epic show. Safe travels and see you again soon : YINZ YES
I been smoking for 6 years. It doesn't really get deep, but it changes. People tell my my voice is sexy, so I aint trippin.
The weekend is here already?! Life is great!
First of its Kind &quot;Menopause Map&quot; Helps Women Navigate Treatment
Happy Birthday to me!
Sent you a gift.
LOL comment I saw: The Brewers tired to protect Hoffman by never having the lead in the 9th inning, but they could only do that for so long.
Watching movies with family
Where are the semantic police when Wingnuts cry about their imagined #waronchristmas ?
☞ Tip: Show up EARLY at the (Sundays @ 5th/Waller 11a-3p). We'll definitely sell out of our new donut flavor FAST mañana!
#TeamDragic #SpinMove RT : Pick n roll defense is pathetic
#sopapilla #mexican dessert # sopapilla cheesecake #delicious dessert recipes # dessert recipes #cinnamon #sugar #favorite dessert
New buds!
I Hope You Give Your all BlackShadeMafia
don't leave fruit so tasty hanging that low around me. I'll gobble those low-hangers up every time.
Today watch me improvise w/ at the Neon Venus Theatre in Hollywood 8-10pm $7 tix!
took half of my ECA today. :|
Ay stop tweet watchin....so i know its real...lol
#3WordsForYou I. Love. Food.
Friday, maybe? I end June 8th but have regents and finals until the 21st :/ you?
It is the most gorgeous day ever in DC. Love this town!
Follow the and I'll buy you a beer.
& you're such a dummy .
A tear is made of 1% of Water 99% of feelings 😥
Sweet, sweet freedom
RT : #Beautytip Copper is the color of the summer!
Hope all of you had a great day today, I promise more great things on the way in the new year!! Have a great night all!!
Fuck a Xbox. I need a ps3
If i LICK it imma TAP it
No matter what anyone says about you, keep going. You can't give in. You can't let them win.
Don't miss our Warehouse Sale @ our NW22nd Garden Room: Wed-Fri, 10-7 daily. Up to 50% off Home Décor, Ceramics, Candles, Holiday & Linens!
Bring it on, Jersey!
Fresh fruit and sunshine on my patio make me happy.
Pulled over :P
I am the teacher and the student. I have something to learn from all of you.
Time for a beer without the food. I'm beating it up the street to Dirty Franks. Jerry or Paul or anyone else in Philly, see you at 8.
So excited about this posting! Thanks for tweeting this!
Forecast for today... Artisan single source locally roasted coffee and service with a smile!
#RichardBangs is back. Tonight - the Pearl River Delta of South China. At 9PM on MPTV 36.
well you get to hangout with me obviously, what more could you ask for :)
Wow RT : Green Bay Packers have released S Nick Collins. The transaction was announced Wednesday by Ted Thompson.
I feel so giddy because you are following me. I LOVE Sideways! I feel like the 24 year old girl version of Miles.
This Bulls - Sixers game has a college atmosphere to it
"MOM AND POP AREN'T EVEN A MOM AND POP?!"
GOODNIGHT world!!!^___^
What is this?
Congratulations Caroline! That's awesome!
Nobody hit u up till they need or want something these days but they're supposed to be your friend...
When your bestfriend talks about leaving.. <<<<
thanks, dewd! not many guys can say they have award-winning wives. ;) prettay prettay prettay good
how's it going big#98? You stoked to be switching to 3-4 and hybrid olb? Ger back at me!
lucky for the people who find them, Ron English will sign the boxes.
Rainy Monday, good way to start the week. ☔☁👍
i need a real axx niggax
I bet #oomf , miss their " old " friends .. . LOL
RT : Ask for diet swan's blood & half-caffeinated bacon & you shall receive, thanks to & // Aim to please
no. You cooked your fridge. I know you did.
Let's go half on a babygirl..
time to get some pie on a stick with
It's amazing how people will feed you bull to get what they want
oh ahah i would but i think it'll be quicker through the mall xD i am getting a bracelet that james has off amazon though!(:
I Am! Why else would I be taking care of the man? Lol
This is at least a jumping-off point for a larger poverty discussion. RT Op-ed: "Flood the Zone" with poverty services?
RT : “People of accomplishment rarely sit back and let things happen to them. Instead, they go out and happen to things.”...
White drug-free ghost. Laughing so hard.
Y'all: Bun B basically just agreed to be on my dissertation committee.
I feel that we're (OK: I'm) looking ahead too often, and looking around enough. Then I read your piece. Thus my enthusiasm.
Students join us for a resume workshop on Monday, October 17 @ 1PM
Funny how you told me you missed me, yet you haven't done shit about it.
I might have to take u. Their wings are so good.
is already playing now (vzo-ix)
I think yes
Social networking just adds to my anger. Too bad I'm too chicken to delete it.
when you coming to Sacramento, CA!! i really wanna meet you! iloveyou so much<33. YOUR AMAZING
Lovin the voice and no doubt you are talented keep up the great work
follow me tho .
when are you coming to florida??? Peace,love,vanity<3
Football coaches did you know Bite the Ball Wrap Em Up Head Across & Screws to the Numbers all leads to brain injuries? U do now
aw! I'm with 2 year olds as we speak! They're napping
Peyton Manning is not a Colt anymore! There goes that franchise but respect to No.18!
thanks for the favorite
I Have Such A Low Tolerance When It Comes To Putting Up With Some Niqqas Shit...
RT : Remember ? of causality in #fooddeserts: people eat fast food b/c it's in neighborhood, or is it driven by demand?
thank you pumpkin! We're so celebrating this weekend! :)
Planning a Dance showcase. Ideas just keep flowing
Woo! First one to post! At least you have one friend on here now! Lol
Lmao I haven't even used it yet. BTW, I needa get my passport!!!
Golfing with Today!
those little dudes had a ton of energy. Quite the change of pace from the mumbling, shuffling derelicts I normally hang with.
Finally back home for a while, put on a little XTC on the Turntable followed up by some APPLES IN STEREO, I think I've had my sugar fix.
*SHOOTING* Box 23-10 N Eutaw St & W Saratoga St, Downtown; One person shot, medics & fire engine treating.
watching the nfl draft with as he sulks about the broncos not picking in the first round.
"It's funny how people choose their life decisions."
this day is just creeping by
Same here. I am seriously melting from the brain down.
- we should connect then!
in our rush to enjoy Christmas (holidays), we forget to celebrate Thanksgiving! Slow down folks, we'll get there.
nice catch.
the rainbow!!!
Ok this new iPad thing is driving me nuts....LoL
yea it is lol
A lot of tweeps getting hacked I keep getting the nasty comment tweet
I wanna hang out with Rob Dyrdek for a day
Yoga is the practice of quieting the mind. ~Patanjali
Finally cleaned up the TIV Twitter. Now back to the mission. To all TIV followers, thank you! TIV will be following you back very soon :)
I keep getting asked to write a sequel to my novel The Buzz. Secretly this scares me... Would you write a sequel?
I'm so proud of you.
Just breathe! It's Nat'l #Stress Awareness Day. Do something nice for yourself today :)!
I DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING POOPOO.
Thanks for the follow, Priscilla!
the real me picture
do follow work of
Chuck Miller mentioning the initial process for the World Global Flora at GPI 5th Annual Meeting
True true
#idol - Joshua safe and Hollie bottom 3, is this the freakin' Twilight Zone? What kinda of crazy voting was that?
True: I did my homework on the toilet and my father used it for toilet paper.
happy late birthday :)
Congrats Eddie! That trophy is bigger than you!
nothing much just looking for followers for
that's hysterical :) hmm. Now we both must wonder where its being filmed. Haha lets both go stalk some more lol
yes I pee but not on my pants lol ' yes close your eyes & idk what to tell you just imagine something '
Thank you!!
live section of that record still one of my favs
Why is it ethical for secret services men to "resign" when accused of a sex scandal. Military ppl have to take a dishonorable discharge!!
Happy birthday (:
franchise tag must be 10m at least no?
Tonight we are playing At Innisfree in Tuscaloosa!! 10pm! Come Out!
4 centimeters dilated. and still no labor.
Awesome mtg with the team! Going to enjoy develpn an event for
naked yoga.
awesome! we'll have fun & it's near a metro.
Great "Perspective" today on Which program were you doing for the food delivery on thanksgiving in the TL?
I think next time I have the chance, I'm gonna order an Evolve show. Hell, I might order the two from this weekend. They sounded great.
Up-Up-Down-Down-Left-Right-Left-Right-B-A-Select-Start just doesn't solve life's problems the way it used to
hahaha I'm trying to listen while doing my homework AND watching perfect boys on my screen haha! Last night i entered 200+ times!
You must KEEP UP with the Assignment on your life!
Whenever I try to sleep at home, I always end up waking up and can't fall back to sleep.
Don't feel bad because U have left so many behind. They could have been with U, but got left in the lobby while U headed to the Penthouse.
What are your wknd plans, #Newark?!
thanks Chelsea!
The #anhkc fun begins at noon Wednesday with an AIGA KC discussion on the progression of American pop culture though art, design & iconology
Be still my heart!! Jessica Chastain looking deeevine in #Mcqueen!! One of my favs so far!!
bless your heart Adam, go inside the gym, everyone who said they were coming bailed when I confirmed :(( sorry!! Thurs is on!!
Everyday I am thankful that we are one day closer to the start of the season!!!
Haha! Good answer. Sorry Facebook!
Many sigs still out there in Dane Co. Collected 17 with a great group in the rain, snow, and cold yesterday.
Game time, let's get another Bucks win tonight to warm up for a Packer win tomorrow!
Polo Everything www.whoistrillogy.com
The little girl playing the young Snow White looks and sounds exactly like ! Awesome job!
And the instructor finally arrives! Starting one hour late, FTW!
Checking out Decko keith's Profile
We're excited for this year's 1st Taste of #RedMarlin where guests get a sneak peek of Chef Danny's newest creations!
I don't sing tonight babe! :)
If anyone saw the tweets, I appologize
Hi there! We're brand spanking new. Just nearing the end of our public beta phase now, in fact.
are you two timing me, with my girlfriend, gabby?
"Among the many tragedies... youths aren't allowed books in cells" -- key #edtech q: what should ppl know?
i suffocate wen ur away from.....so much love you take from me.....im goin outta my mind....<3
Oh wow. That's what some people are thinking.
I miss you too!!! So much!
is excited about becoming a bonified student group this fall! shoutout to
Whenever you get ungrounded were having a Subway date. I've been craving it for like 2 weeks. (:
Our pleasure! Love some of the design elements in Can't wait to visit again! Keep up the great work!
Let Us Know If You Would Like To See "Live In San Francisco" w/ "OAP Louie Marxx" Live from Level I in SF; Let Us Know
"What was Zorro's name? Antony Bandera? I like him, he has grey hair now."
yellow car sodality
Going over the numbers for The Matrix's play for Sunday. This play will be an EASY winner!
thnx again. Really appreciate it!
thank you for following I look forward to learning more about ARA.
Glad I got that history Powerpoint overwith today.
I like to be in control so I take possession of my future
Please god 🙏 let this migraine & sore throat GO AWAY!!!
When does football start up again?
Maria Shiver presents Distinguished Women in Arts award to photographer Annie Leibovitz May 1,
Wats up for tonight ?
i know not often
when i get to work im eating so much ice cream.
you gonna be at the show today would like to stop and say hello.
Uh oh, its almost Midnight.... Then we become Naughty Like This...M
Cuddyer - a dome Triple !!
That moment when you found the *perfect* Father's Day card and cleverly go to fill it out so you'll be ahead of the game and you MESS UP.
Go Ann! RT : I attended my first zumba class tonight and actually enjoyed it! Hopefully the habit sticks!
bout to stratin my hair again then start driving to virgina to see my big bro off to college!!!!!!!!
Is nothing happening before 3PM tomorrow?
Almost game time. Stop by Metro Diner to get $.50 chicken wings for the
just think how comfy you'll be tonight when there done! :-)
hey!!! i'm here, i'm real, can you see me?
On my way home to my whota
Our vision is to create 1 million jobs thru entrepreneurship education. We have training programs for current & aspiring entres
-then risk management & insurance, then graduating with communication studies/mass media & a side of journalism LOL
Barry Bonds dreams of becoming a hitting coach someday....I thought he might be better suited to be a pharmacist
Webster hall Studio tonight! 8pm!
time will tell
#Shack RT : Shack and Charles are hilarious!
nope, sorry, Knicks played a great game!
If you took the best qualities of the Republican candidates and combined them in one President I would flee to Canada. via
Already up for hours. Hailey Anne ate a little this morning. Back to sleep now. She may have over done it yesterday.
Order your Barack Obama body oil now!!!! One ounce - on sale for $15. Holla! joyce_hudson@ yahoo.com
we're so glad it worked out! Happy birthday!
But, we got many useful information about how to advertise TFT on campus. So, it is a great start! (0v0)/
I forgot to thank you fod your rt yesterday! thanks for the rt today i appreciate it
Mercii the Moose RT : Lily the leopard and Jackie the jaguar. #WildBitches #WifeUsUp 😏
I LOVE YOU TOO :D <3
& our scars remind us that the past is real, I tear my heart open just to feel.
Me and my baby should run away<3
YEP. RT : Maybe we could bring Brad Radke back. I mean, it couldn't be any worse, and it could be AWESOME, right?
Aw! :) #amen RT I'm looking at a bright horizon and I'm thinking finally! :)
WHY isn't the WHAP website working?!
so great to meet you in person!! Thanks for coming out!!
rather unfortunate
Today's your last chance at soldout Flo+TheMachine tix! has them this hour! Listen to win!
I love architecture&telling the story. Detroit's overdone, I can't say I wouldn't like to see it. Prefer the lesser knowns
Hey brand of lighting equipment did you rent? Better yet, whats yr fave brand?
Attending a kids birthday this weekend? Swing by Sydney b. our knowledgeable staff will help you find the perfect gift!
Come into the light, Muffet!
HFC Summer Pre-College Program.Students will take 2 weeks of classes at George Washington University and dorm in GWU
Headed home from a fun day at Patterson Farm! We recommend it!
Saw a professional environment today... #futboleminhavida !!!
Ik!! lol it sucks! But how have you been girl??
After three hours of sleep, a final, nine hours at work, and numerous hours studying my body is shutting down
We won a Best of Austin Award! Best grassroots org, 2011. Thanks for voting for us! And thanks to the Austin Chronicle, too!
I'm glad No=Yes, flip-flip=clarify, and journalism=union-shilling for VoSD. Don't let Wayne use you like this...
Yup Yup! & We just gotta hit each other up thats all because today was too funny
Gonna be at tonight ;)
wait is it seriously Mona?????
Thanks! It was great working with you too!
Let's see yours Megan! RT : Glad I'm on #TeamYPs...wouldn't want to go up against that game face!
CSM headline asks "With all this natural gas, will we still need oil?" Stupid question. Should be, will we still need coal?
hahaha nice slogan drop!
Saturday morning = coffee and RDF.
hi :3 I feel like this is David... If it is... I like you. Lol
Fuck math man 
All food in nugget form is intrinsically better than its counterparts.
you like en animal,I wanna feel you from the inside de la cancion closer
Denis Leary's going to ruin The Amazing Spider-Man for me. I keep waiting for him to be like, "A f#ckin' spider, pal? Yer kiddin' me!"
haha thought it was going to be a dead body.=)
Join us tomorrow for our last Friday party before another team takes over! Boom!
yep, he's done.
Kinda sad to watch the House debate right now. They know most people are watching the Senate, right?
he has a better face for pictures than I do. He's also smarter than me. I provide the humor.
#avengers was epic! Kudos for reinventing Nick Fury.l!
RED CARD QPR, JOEY BARTON, AND ALL HELL HAS BROKEN LOOSE...
The hunt is 10 mins away! Who is having dinner tonight?? The answer will be found on ready!!
RT Come see Parade! A Tony Award-winning musical at the Culbreth Theater dir. by Robert Chapel October 6-8, 12-15 at 8pm!
yea i guess im gonna have to make sure he shows up he keep flakin he gonna get time 4 nothin
thanks for the love!
Very gratifying. Good work, mama.
wow that some stupid sh...
Haha so that's what that little comment was for yesterday. PS haven't forgiven you for becoming a pet parent with Greg...
Thank you to all who came out to support tonight at Webster Hall
Apple rumored to be in talks to acquire German HDTV maker Loewe (Daniel Eran Dilger/AppleInsider)
Why do people that claim to hate licorice keep drinking my expensive gifted absinthe? You don't even like it!
Who are you listening to these days? I need to recharge my creative mojo.
Uh oh is bored. Save yourselves!!!!! *runs and hides under bed*
You know all requests of such a nature must go through
#Wake&Bake...........is my 4000th tweet lol
I've come to the conclusion that all girls are insane, except for of course.
wtf was that man doing at the softball games to make them call the cops on him...
Wtf?! Im getting hungry but i must not eat.
When you put it on, it is NOT an invitation.
RT : All I want is someone who will stay, no matter how hard it is to be with me..
"Worried bout ya followers, ya need to getcha dollaz up"
Are we not living in as great a time of change for publishing as in Gutenberg's day?
Alistair Darkwater will be attending the BLAQ Market this evening in Salem Ma. at the Bangkok Restaurant
I get the @ sign, but I don't know how to use hash tags or why. It's the little pound sign, right? Why? What does it mean?
answer your phone i gotta for real question
2011-2012 TN VSBA, Primary Division winner: Tarra and Bella: The Elephant and Dog Who Became Best Friends by Carol Buckley (2/4)
damn g. Let me know if you need some aid and assistance
Great to see the Senators being questioned on charter schools on Senate floor saying they support charters!
2K12: the year my sixty-three yr old dad got braces, became a drunkorexic, and stopped answering my phone calls.
There are #publicity opportunities in everything you do, even looking for someone to hire. Isn't that how "The Apprentice" began?
Gootiethon sequence has begun.
I-5 SB is extra slow out of North Portland this afternoon down to I-84;t slows again from downtown and is slow to stop and go to Wilsonville
Re-reading the same paragraph in a book over and over and Over again because ur brain is filled with too many thoughts about other things
home used to give me quick access to continue watching a movie-in-progress. Now I get a BIG ad for their programming. Not cool.
It was a dark and stormy day. BIG storm rolling into
Cardinals playing defense like the Brewers in the last few games of the NLCS.
In true love the smallest distance is too great, and the greatest distance can be bridged.
Don't #makeapromise you can't keep or come close to.
Help them & Vote 4 for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's A-List. They would love 2 win 2 yrs in a row! Great people & Pub!
cunt eating is not vegan, nor is it PETA approved
Thanks we really like it too!
It could be incitement to anger
Adventures in Minneapolis! Boing back to Roanoke tomorrow.
waiting at barbershop in the middle of nowhere...silver spring is an odd town
Did you kick everyone out and make it to the zombiecrawl?
Listening to wishing i was at the concert with
you got an iphony now?...come on 't you tell her the new ones will be out in weeks..iphony 5
such an inspiring quotes RT : A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. Charles...
Hit up for the sickest Customized Nike Elite socks !!
Nothing is more responsible for the good old days than a bad memory
Just woke up on my bus o.o
Thanks- it went fine, and suddenly two guitarists want me to write pieces for them.
Grammar.. The difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit
Jealous! Enjoy... “: But now business done and time for week of Napa food,wine,cycling,walking and did I mention wine?
So excited to do such hilarious physical comedy!
See, that's the thing. You need to be happy, well-adjusted, and mature. And not looking.
nice to see after he whiffed on that block on the last drive.
I can't wait to hear this story.
That negative SEO article makes my brain hurt.
I can't believe Fast Five was top at the box office. Paul Walker and Vin Deisel are the worst. How their movies are successful is beyond me.
I'm not skating but how's work
It's weird when someone younger than me tries to flirt with me.. Makes me feel like a cougar. :o Ew.
ah! Good call but now i need to help graduate. I want to go next weekend but my cousin is getting married :(
Thanks for following!
damnit! I love raging out to NIN :)
Oh...Oh NO. Is all other coffee ruined for me now that I've been drinking nothing but #Stumptown for 1.5 years??
GREAT margaritas too Dave!
I have been for about a year.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instruction. Prov. 1:7
Three Minutes.
Your ultimate goal in social media marketing is to become a social business.
I mean wtf...
I can easily see a session on "What if?"
I'm onto the Glass thing. It's another distraction from the masters of distraction scientists. Knowledge Navigation? Really?
Ha... "Unable to self DM." Why do I get that warning all the time. Duh. Don't reply to self.
haha you would say something like that :P
today i did unnatural things with CSS that are illegal in 28 states.
This #saturdaylibrarian is a
RT #China: 'Super Girl' music tv-show suspended by government censors - freemuse.org/sw44223.asp
Falling asleep to the sound of rain and Erik Satie, reading Murakami. Life's all right.
Anyone looking for some office furniture? We have several desk/hutch combos and ten leather conference chairs for sale - Jacksonville, FL
holy fucking hell
Kinda liked the opening.
Decided to watch everything YouTube had on Jessie J.
Ima PaperChaser ! U a Liddo Hater ! Im Gettin My cake Up Im Hittin The Stage Up Evrywhere i Go Cus Ima 5ft Girl That Can Take on The World !
If you keep trying to fix broken relationships, you won't be able to form new ones- where people will treat you better.
move there!
New Live Life Reckless Shirts And Hats Will Be Dropping Real Soon
Hard-core results come from igniting the massive power of emotional commitment. Are your people committed?
LMFAO my mom >
hey Niece
CarGo sits out with strep throat
Drawing and such.
that's why they pay you the big bucks
that sucks. Just wild kids on their way to see grandma on mine.
NICE!!! I R-ed the R this weekend too!
Best of Luck!
Wonder what all the drivers not named Blaney are gonna think about this if they can't get this restarted gonna be some pissed drivers
dez where i live
I can swap that T out before noon today if you want.
Happy Martin Luther King Day! One week until the boys are back to class...
Van gogh at the IMAX
I'm just trynna be legendary.
#IHateThatFeeling when you start drifting from close friends and then when u try to talk to them it's extremely awkward
Dear Kentucky and Ohio, please clear I-71/75 of all traffic tonight. I'm coming your way! Your faithful traveler ~ michael
marshmallow fluff. As much as you want.
#Actors - Remember to know your type! Ethnic, Occupational, Personality and a Famous Actor you're similar to helps to focus your marketing!
very boring day ! but omg i know ! i was so happy <3
Let The Lies Fly N Let The Truth Buy
must VETO health care exchanges by 5/10! Tell him to STOP #ObamaCare in NJ! Retweet if you agree!
Jeydon, Please Follow Me I'm Freaking Begging You Please Follow Me!.... i love you <3 (:
Why do X-Factor commercials keep playing during Reds games? I wonder if some executive somewhere thinks the 2 audiences over lap??
She sucks at math (:
If you're happy and you know it thank Yahweh!,
just joined up at the YMCA homie, its BULK season!
Lol, no frosting for my cake in the future :) LOL
Applying for a position with the UCLA library to help archive some documents by Los Angeles-based music critics and composers
such a great time with at #riverrink grand opening!!
Dining, Movies, Bowling, Grocercies, Dry Cleaning, House Cleaning, Shopping...Where? @ Bayshore Place Apts. Call 414.231.8810 for a tour!
Lol that is the worst song ever!
Bard To Hide? Lmao xD *Hard To Hide 8DDD.
“: #scaredtweet when you hear something in the house and turn every single light on lol” JUST HAPPENED TO ME! lmao
Do they have lunch? Might have to do a Foodies thing there.
I know it's 900 degrees today, but when are we getting our soup on?
Spain. There and back again. Was wonderful! Didn't want to come home!
The best time of the day is the sunset evening. Especially in the city on a warm night. I love that feeling.
A fanatic is a nut who has something to believe in.
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME BASEBALL?!?!?!!?!
those are quite sexy! I really like!
There's something seriously wrong with the bird outside my window. SHUT UP BIRD!
from bellingham. Look it up. Killing it so hard right now.
what city u in thickems
Hello liberated, how are you?
“: When you stop paying attention to someone, that's when they start noticing you.”
hey what's up!?
Thanks for taking the backs off of the benches @ Clark/division. Now I can wait 20m for a train w/room AND be uncomfortable too.
The only reason for me being on Twitter is to bring a smile to bearded face and the less bearded faces of his fans.
“ “ Someone actually appreciating you>>””
Interesting: My business covers BUSINESS SOFTWARE and the #4 referrer of traffic today 2 was Pinterest--not just for fashion :).
Sunday funday. Monday is worthless anyway.
some people really have some nerve
gotta think outside the box as portland isn't great free agent city!!!
Timbers score... Nagby,, next big time player in MLS
A day without you is like a day without sunshine... i admit i miss you sometimes.
Who uses Safari anyways? I'm so stoked about the iPhone OS3 update coming out so soon. I wasn't expecting it until July.
Have they boyz ever ate at Carlo's bakery in NJ? from Ana, Erick, Skye, and Cindy
Mss' im just gunna get off twitter , text me :)
#Milwaukee #WTMJ #WISN #Fox 6 #CBS 58 Transit Plus being investigated by Milwaukee County Transit System 4 the mistreatment of Chester Bande
yeah! 14 days sounds better.
just showed number tour billboard !
Our district is just starting a collection of e-books with Overdrive. Have you talked to them? This is an exciting time!
I avoid reality TV in general, but you couldn't pay me to watch Celebrity Apprentice. At least not anything short of five figures.
Im hoping with Monty coming on board..Gooden wont shoot as much..its dropping for him but not good bb
hey...you didnt follow me
ISO 2 tickets for the Friday screening of Is that something I could buy?
Looking for Film Festivals to submit my movie to....
loving the weather!
"B-days are good for u.Statistics show that the ppl who have the most live the longest." Order u'r next cake at www.happycakewilltravel.com
haha interesting...how is yours??
Let's Go Hawks!
Only for fools
I Was Here ~ Beyonce
here it comes...
haha I would! But Im literally broke. Like, I'm in negative balance right now. Haha
It cost us nothing to Dream, and Everything not to. Much Respect
Thanks for your help today with my leaf query. I got a few really interesting ideas that we're looking into.
You're very welcome! Happy to help anytime. Good luck!
RT : Pujols still has ZERO* HRs on the season!!!!
How have I been at work for 4 hrs already and I still have like 12 more hours of work to go? #needavacation Who's in?
“: Ready to take on Chicago with If you're following our journey and are from Chicago retweet us! #usa30days #chicago”
Right now my # of followers and my # of those I am following is exactly the same. Weird!!
do you knew when teen woif is comeing back on mtv and by the way i am a fan of you and tenn woif
Mitt/friends held Lauber down cut his hair as he cried & screamed for help. Mitt was a young adult @ this time.
Ready for snowy Saturday! I guess I'm still a 10 y/o at heart. I plan on cooking, netflixing, & tea w fellow acupuncturista !
When asked if he was happy to finally be here, #Hansen trainer Mike Maker said no. He's kept attention away by being at nearby trackside.
": sup boi" sup mane
follow me?
stay out of the sun!
- all for dismantling CA state unions... Yeahpers
Of 190 known people who signed the door of Frank Shay's bookshop in Greenwich Village, 1920-25, how many would you guess are from NYC?
I've been thinking about trying to eat an entirely raw diet for a week in May. Any advice on what to try, techniques to avoid?
Well, yeah, I know that now!
I'm so excited about new discoveries! There's nothing like enlightenment! :)
Isabela, Puerto Rico.
On a quest to find the best piña colada in San Juan. Retweet with your favorite spots!
Happy Hump Day, all! Hope ur spitits is as bright as the sunshine! Namaste!
To My AUnt Janet, You Lived a Good, Good life,RIP!If you can see Twitter in Heaven, you were loved, respected and cherished by Many
rocking the contacts todayy ;)
Standard educator answer. I suppose you'd have me read a book or something? :)
but i am
Kevin Durant is gonna kill the Lakers be real with yourself
and leading by 10. Just need attempts
mi amorrrrrrrrr!!! im coming home this summer!! i miss you
My dad thought the Aerosmith song "Dude Looks Like a Lady" was called "Do the Dragon-Lady".
sure, feeling better?
Merry Christmas! Peace & Love to all! For unto us a child is born...the ultimate gift of second chances!
“: Fright Night remake. D+” ( not exactly the highest marks...but better than a D-)
still makin money though
Ditto. they do need an update! I think by not creating an update it's their way of trying to get ppl to buy the app.I refuse!
From: Dynamite Walls To: All humans -- Download 'Sing Out Loud' for free on our facebook band page-!!!!
BraveHeart Awards lofty Beginings 4 good causes has Lame bait N switch ending w/out Biggest recipient Maya Angelou.
I rebuke that. That has to be the devil talking lol RT : Lmao chile....they good but Pizza Hut doe?!? *mouth waters*
Remember SECCA is open tonight, and it's a perfect time to see the Margarita Cabrera exhibition "The Space in Between." Till 8pm. FREE
it was on tv a good majority of the nights last summer.
Happy to have you on this gorgeous Friday in Seattle!
not for years
Talkin' with right now on about the & Friends in the Course for Kids Celebrity Golf Tourney & Concert today
Sounds great! My kids would LOVE these!
haha that was from read him and learn baseball pig farmer :-)
thats on thibs for keeping him in for too long!! just walk it off rose
Heading to Orlando tomorrow for Tony Robbins - Unleash the Power Within Conference. Look out for water guns!
Meet Jerry before I die <3
and thanks again!
EXCELLENT! The president declares support for same-sex marriage, has fully evolved!
god damn bro.
I've already visited my doctor. It's getting better ;) yeeey!
I wish you could see my emoji i had for this!
great idea. Thanks. I am craving them now......and have to wait 2 hours for them to cook.
Its always the dirtiest sexual songs that play on shuffle.
When you wait for a text but you realize you're the one that didn't reply.
Wow! When I first arrived at Country Floors I thought hm I think I need a grenade. But now I realize I am the grenade. C U
just finished a very cool school project.
God help me I love the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 soundtrack. #NP "What's the Matter Man?" - Rollins Band
Oh yes -- I try to catch shut eye whenever I can!
lol no ...tomorrow I'm running the 800 and 4x4
what do you mean?
Just saw a guy changing his pants in the middle of the street. I love my neighborhood.
Chilling out playing video games.,
i just dont see the point in relationships.
Supposed to be running errands this morning but as usual Im putting them off to the last minute.
Already taken :-)
Hey Matt we've been trying to get in touch with you. You won the first pair of tix for the #NYC show
leaving on a jet plane. Just and up and a down really. Not even time for a movie, just the beer.
GO FOLLOW GOGOG c': it would mean alot
I'm almost done with school year and ill be up there a lot this summer. I had a pretty good record last year
sure sounds like a plan.
oops forgot the smiley face (: *
Not me, I just welcomed them to the team
can I get a picture of this page!? I must see it with my own eyes!
Thanks to all who expressed concern over my last public tweet! <3 you all. I'm not in trouble, just wanted to concisely express annoyance (:
RT : So true: the world is not changed by people who sort of care.
the #LGTurbowash washer/dryer is preeeeety!
Ready for summer lots of work golf and drinking to be done
7 Ways Oracle Puts Database Customers At Risk - Dark Reading
Thanks for that! I have 97 hours left & lots of anxiety about finding the right job.
If this was baseball, Jeff Ireland would lead the league in strikeouts!
Is it just me or does anyone else think that Say Somethin was little bit too autotuned? I like the song but there too much autotune in it
Yea!! What he said!!
none are licensed to return full lyrics for free, unfortunately. :( u can embed a mobile version of the LW page if that helps?
How's her head?
way to defend your boy! Medical issues are serious
is at work and very cold!
thanks for the follow and all the tips
Thank you Jamie! Jamie in Oklahoma City, OK answered someone's call for help!
me and will be there soon!
We really went to sleep on her. ctfuuu
I heard I'm not sure but si
They are the worst.
i should spam yours but i'm too lazy
yeah I know. :/
Cue the flood of 'trees in center field' jokes. RT : Anyone out there have any #green ideas we could use at Target Field?
All of my classes made this week! Jewelry, crochet, quilted tote bag (2 days) and kids scrapbooking. Busy, busy Trish!!!
Just saw a guy riding on the outside of the train. Subway surfing?
R.I.P. Trayvon Martin! RT if you stand for the fight towards justice!
Sugar Shane should be Splenda Shane because he's not the real thing anymore
Sherpa/American marriages are actually fairly common. i know many such couples.
OCLC survey: largest decrease in FTE in public services staffing; down by 23% (and yet the usage/demand keeps rising!)
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Celebrate #PiDay with some of our delicious Pear Cobbler cupcakes! Yum!!
Onetime lobbying powerhouse ponders its future – Politico ...
Back home now from walking the dog; slapdash creativity + brain like a Pachinko machine begins work now...
I couldn't get into the link you sent me. So I guess all's well. Love your work!!
Great talking to you about social and revenue!
Congrats to Aimee Reyzer on being named female athlete of the year at UD!
they should market it as soul food!!! M!
Heading to the #iH3 party tonight? The iTriage man is!!! Come big wheel it up with him!!!
Thanks , working on an update, too, to include 2008 & 2010--will let you know when it is finished!
you can buy it on itunes or @ the pro shop
oh definitely he does.
RT : Starting Monday and going through Christmas, cut out and bring in a paper snowflake and get a free small hot or iced...
I will not lose hope one day you followed me
Congrats and welcome to Dr. Stephen L. Ondra - new CMO at Northwestern Memorial Hospital
Dude my grades spell out BAAAADD hahahhahah!
i bought the the fregrance yesterday and it smells really great good job sweetie
... I can't mess with my hair.. Sad huh?
#Authors, check out !
did you see the headlock chicago put chance in?
Makes me wanna go to another rave for some reason 💃
Stomach Flu sucks... yuk.
Maybe we'll see Starling Marte? Who knows.
Seriously, Is Fucking Sexy :)
Moonwalking with Einstein is VERY VERY good - some great discussion around #memory which plays a big part in
Good luck to Justin Jackson, J-Mychal Reese, LJ Rose & Rasheed Sulaimon at the LeBron James Skills Academy!
she does write some creepy stuff.
G though, I do hold off on sex a lot when I have a job, I get so immersed in my responsibilities..
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW AKA LIL MO ... 1 of the DOPEST .. U heard him on songs with @
My patience with people who refuse to walk 10 feet to put up a buggy is wearing thin. Also, I hate Wal-Mart.
hello! We'd love to see you at a future gathering! :)
I'm not sure. I'm supposed to if I want to be successful. So far I have no idea how this works or why. Maybe someday!
went thru M- I - cricket letter -cricket letter I - cricket letter - cricket letter - I - hump back - hump back - I !!
No. Those things are crazy hypnotic.
hanging with Capt Morgans
