Dang some people take life way too seriously (via ) u must tickle them, Zoomy
Thanks lady! Enjoy your Friday!
Take into consideration your existing structures when planning and implementing your #landscaping project
RT thx“: One more time for tonight, please follow she is 30 followers away from 100! Lets help her get there?”
The older the Facebook post, the creepier your "like" becomes.
hope u enjoy. Would have brought back more but I was really drunk.
SHOUT OUTS TO MS.T DOING HER THING OUT IN GRIER!!!!!
So jealous! That is unreal!
So curious about people buying hoodies and shirts that state places they've been. Is your memory of Montauk insufficient?
Oh no the 5 is out!!
what do you mean?
omg you should let your hair grow out then dress like Goku for halloween :D
Congratulations. What are those grades looking like?
Come on you yanks
and now Noah just got injured
Right now we have Riverwest Stein, Eastside Dark, Goose Island 312, New Glarus Spotted Cow, and Tyranena Bitter Woman IPA all on tap.
Just woke up from a nap. Gonna go to softball practice. 1st game is Friday night.
Good to know, I'll def. need to invest in a good set then :)
At the BECC keynote by Robert Cialdini - how social norms determine an environmental ads efficacy.
At the crib antisapating my departure
U cannot take n the future if u can't keep dwelling on the past
#LastTimeIChecked I wasn't born to please you, so why do you think I care about your approval?
you can't drive
Dear Texas sun, let's tone it down a bit...k? Thanks
Is Texas human? Or do they posess the spirit of Chuck Norris and Nolan Ryan? (#Royals #Rangers)
not sure why people still think i give a shit
I' like Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy, looking forward to trying their Oktoberfest when it hits the stores later this month.
Thank you and you're welcome! :)
I thought it was pretty awesome. I don't know how the cigar shape is IP? Any thoughts?
Happy Birthday OG.. Keepin it funky for another year..
Want better content mktng? Focus on the 3D's: devlpmnt, discovery, & distribution nice, insightful post from
Ah best news of the month. Arrived at the hospital to find out they are going to release Dad this evening!
oops thats right, i havent been to canada in so long i had forgotten.it sure is a wonderful thanksgiving...i couldnt ask for anymore
what bid?
I used to think all guys cheated on girls, but now I realize that I sit at bars a lot, and that's where they go to do it.
WHAT!? Already!!??
Just tell mom I miss her and that I said hello
RT : We wish the best in tomorrow elections
Hope it was a huge success!
Why everything thats supposed to bad make me feel so good? Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would...
Beer before I go out? I might be too hungover for St. Paddys Day #liverproblems like actually though... I am not supposed to drink
Mauer catches some "Yo-flu"? For $20M you'd think he'd play nearly everyday, what about 3B? we saw Cuddyer last pm surely he'd b better
Has no sense of honor. He's a coward and hides from anyone calling his bitch ass out.
a day that I work is always a good day :) l/t gotye (REMEMBER l/t?!?? Ahh the #YahooMessenger days :)
Hi hi hi hi(:
Ash brought in just in case we want an interception.
man, you'd think that being you would have better quality in your video podcasts. Seriously guys, let's up the ante a bit, huh?
THE NINE LIVES OF CHLOE KING WILL LIVE ON FOREVER IN MY HEART!!!!
Memphis is making some noise!
Check out the Holiday Art Walk this weekend in Beautiful Little Italy!
Thanks for the #FF!!
all of them suck dick just like Randy Fat ass Jackson
Spoiler alert: each and every member of the Avengers.........has a butt!
Shoutout to Green Bay and those Packers.
Another excellent visit with John Wayne, frozen yogurt and Elevation Burger. Hooah!
For better or for worse, I am the Joakim Noah of my dodgeball team.
if you think that then I'M not the dumbass. decent people act decent ALL THE TIME. even playing survivor
I got this show on the2nd you should come to, anytime else is hard to find me
I am about to peel this motherfuckas muffin cap back blue
Last month our top 10 busiest daytime analysts handled 6180 tickets between them. That's a lot of tickets in one month!
I do love the nostalgic pop culture savviness of Always brightens my day.
this show in general has hear and a brain, which i didnt expect
RT : RT : Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped. ~African Proverb
Let the #sxsw games begin! Heading to Tech Happy Hour
shotty first date
To President Obama, Education is not a solution to our problem, education is the problem. Need change?
yum that's nothing xD I've done more
Wow. The BBC is reporting Chuck's death.
Hey! It was great meeting you too. Your kiddos are simply adorable. Thanks for stopping by!
Done with this child development assignment YES!
omg did we have homework for. Ms.T bae? ;)
On to school closures
Did they have lemon Pledge?
Game of Thrones with the 2 Fast 2 Furious homage
There are an amazing number of people at the DSM airport this early on a Friday. So much for easing into the day.
Anybody want to come watch RIO with me?
Hey u...not him wish i was holdn u rub u to sleep. I miss da touch of yo bald fade....lol
:-)) Thank you!! - RT shoutouts for playing the music we LOVE
somethings are suppose to be between friends can only assume u r prepping for a role where u play the DA
RT : Ditto We <3 the cover did for the #ebook edition of THE MARIA PARADOX! What do you think?...
yup just got out feeling some food
way to jinx him. Geez.
Just watched Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close. Sad and beautiful.
Not on a Saturday just yet? Good work :)
Really happy to hear you're out of hospital and doing ok. Feel better my dear. I'm looking forward to meeting you soon :)
Why is Ashley so gorgeous? I love you &hearts;
RT into mid Dec. and my doors and windows are open, car top down, and loving it. This is why
I had a diabetic eye exam today. I need reading glasses, but that's due to aging. There were no signs of damage caused by diabetes...
let's eat a jar of peanut butter or hit bravo
YST's TLP needs help finding following for our clients: cooking pots, pans, towels and sheets (queen or full size). Thanks!
We agree!
I had one week to get away from everything back home in ohio. And one week just wasn't enough.
Omg drake is gone why is there still 100 million cars on this road ?! #miamisoverpopulatedass!
Hamilton-Brown caught out for 113, ending a 225-run 5th wicket partnership, This is looking to be a good day of
RT : Just finished up a great meeting with Patrick and Tiffany from LPS - feel great about our logistics!!!
Getting on. The freeway now....see you inj 45
I guess the #orioles will be rained out tonight :(
chilling where u been
oh, good idea!
Marvelous Monday! Good #quote to start off the week: "Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later." Og Mandino
Flight attendant took it, had no baggage tags, said "I'll write a note saying BWI". Not a good sign.
Saw Marianne Faithful at City Winery Friday night. I need to live a harder life so my voice has as much character as hers when I'm 60.
Why did the composer spend all his time in bed? He wrote sheet music.
I just finished a 6.46 km run with a time of 42:24 with Nike+ GPS.
thinking we have a ways to go to have thousands following us like Seattle Weekly does.
lucky for you, I'm a miracle worker. I am going to do anything and everything it takes to do this.
hope to see you at the Latin Am food and wine fest thurs 9/29. Info at CityCiao.com!
you watching it?
On my way back from a weekend break on Whidbey Island. Start with a new client tomorrow -I'm a happy guy!
you Look Amazing Cherl follow me :)
hello r u here... I'm outside
hanging in there.
All my followers that have instagram follow me for a auto follow back!!!
the definition of perfect is imposible.
You + Paula Deen = awesome dinner!
nope. Would be nice though.
Average Response Time to Talk to a Doctor 22 Minutes!
Happy Mother's Day! How are you celebrating your mom today?
no, but it will keep me awake nights now. :P
Shit in one of the dryers. Start the dryer.
I feel your pain. What do mosquitoes eat when they can't find human?
nice!!! I may have to do this one too!
There's know I, Me or My in (Team)
": I wish I had Kimbra's lips." I wish I had her pants.
It's been a LONG time since I've been on twitter. <3 #teamfollowback; I follow back!<3
sounds like Wednesday night. "What's your specials? That's what I'll have. A well bud light I mean't a well & Coke." Sigh
#BadJokeSunday Q: What do you call a crab with one giant claw? A: A fiddler crab.
So sad to report, MAX Train Hit and Killed a woman Pedestrian In Beaverton Oregon this a.m.
The Asking Alexandria film was bad. Thank you but I already know how much they party. I didn't need them to "act" it out for me.
RT A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor. ~English Proverb
its awful!
LMAO I nvr THOUGHT of that!!!! Very clever of you! Bravo, my man.
Poised Creation is committed to helping the best charities attack social welfare problems!
RT : RT : RT RT : Every time I watch a video and it stops to buffer something inside me dies
Great meeting you in person at #railsconf! Good luck with the upcoming launch and stay in touch!
Quite in TD Garden!
I need a helicopter!
ah, okay. I will look into it.
is this where you work?
Ryan reiterates he is not "seeking our party's nomination for President."
Thanks #Badgers for a great season! #Bucks are cold tonight...hope it's not a trend for #Marquette too :{
Justin Friedman is one of the weirdest people I know... He called Whitney Huston Courtney Huston... Wow
Absolutely - That is why I do both with and without. How much is revealed without the Libra* words varies from year to year.
inseparable is my all time favorite song. best song in existence in my mind
ok I will ;-) let.me know and dont forget
Awesome, Congrats #Represent!
We offer waxing, facials, body treatments, microdermabrasion, chemical peels, photo therapy, & make up application
New Around Town episode up on #Cincinnati all about - check it out channel 411!
There are an estimated 2,500 collisions between birds and planes each year in the US
our website has a great article on what is wrong with #phillies fans. We'll have a top 9 reasons to hate em later this week too
Unbelievable, at 8:09 the 8:14 train was taking no more bikes out of 4th & King. this means more #bike cars!!!
When a girl likes a guy she usually ends up liking him for a while... Or until the guy starts being and asshole...
CAN I HACK YOUR ACCOUNT TOO?
Finally, a little play for the rest of us. ;-)
At the last Tate Lecture of the year at SMU. Tonight it's Charles Krauthammer & Bill Moyers. This ought to be interesting!
I'm not sure you even need a high school education to say HUH over the drive thru speaker
My life is full of wonderfull surprises,
THAT'S why we fight against those seek'g 2 turn our nation into a #theocracy! That's why we MUST vote out those that use religion to divide!
We have our University funding from CSU for textile oral history gathering!
Call to find out about our Sunless Tanning for an all OVER tan ALL year, AND to learn about HCG so you can lose 1-2 lbs a day!! 702.979.4424
While everyone else is sleeping, I'm still up making movies. Day 1 of 16 for wrecked sleep schedule.
Well honestly no. BUT if Packer nation comes out for him, possibly. It would be a Fourth and 27 kind of thing.
Just for future refernce, the blackened chicken club is downright diabolical 's
Okay, pundits: let people mourn Junior Seau before you turn his death into political fodder against the NFL. There will be plenty of time.
were gonna stick to chill shit from now and on, like snorting meth and smoking crack
Good day to ya You should see iamnothenemy.com/verlosser
Back from Caltech lecture on rare but terrifying intersonic earthquakes and I'm pretty sure I'm going to have some jenga block nightmares.
ladies and gentlemen, mccarthy was right. This country has been in-fil-trated.
'Do I really have to go to school?'
follow me...miss alexis todd if you are watchin march madness!!!!
EVERYBODI FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW HURRY UPP
Misdirected last tweet. Sorry.
Hugs Hugs :)
"Well, thats what NOT to do to impress the ladies"! lol
Missing classic mtv shows.
Can someone set me up with an IV of coffee?
Is that u In the pic
I'm gonna try this long distance friendship and see how it works for me lol cause the local friendships don't ever seem to work
I would still say the Packers #1 need is an OLB opposite of Matthews rather than a S to replace Peprah.
's Spring Awakening is amazing! Bitch of living choreography is better than the original!!!
alright time to throw down with a HO~down bring it
I'm in Italy until mid-June. I'm doing grape-related research in Valle d'Aosta/Canavese. It's good to be back in the field.
Trying to build my Education PLN any help?
Congrats to the Marlins for cornering the market on crazy
I agree. The sunshine after the rain! Beautiful
Can people stop bullying I thought Gaga stood for loving everyone the way they are. Common people. Rep her well ❤
Thank you!
sorry about that guys. It's all set. Thanks for giving us the heads up!
I hope the actor who plays Joffrey gets hazard pay for all the times he gets slapped on
Sometimes indirect evidence can show that direct evidence from original sources is wrong.
A Murder Of One is one of the most perfect songs ever created. just saying.
Come out tonight! Where you ask? 2826 Arnetic in Deep Ellum!
went really well man, thank you. Love Fellowship of Faith. Staff & people are wonderful! A God connection for sure! How are u?
Headache and I can't sleep :'( pretty crappy night
Versace is from the homeland , loves it
Why am I so sad? I just want to cry
make sure you invite your mom to my house ;)
brother miss you!!! PUFF from Croatia..Haha
I'm just about to give up on the party
what do u mean he sucks!?!?
and I got into a fight with ruxin about fantasy football. again, not , but rodney ruxin. I clearly miss that show
Turn off the smooth jazz Christmas music!
thanks for following
I get home from practice and just sit in my car because I'm too tired to get out
Using as another way to keep up with #Japan; curated videos, tweets, and updates.
I'm in love with #oomf & if they ever talked to me, I would melt. 💛
": 6 days away from #NASCAR #SprintAllStar Race. Watch me tonight at 10:30 on Got Game
If you hated being treated like this then why would you treat me the same way?
love you too briana! :)
Tom Wilhelmsen with his terrific curveball.
Great Weather. Come see us at 3. Madness continues and now I'm down to Anyone but Kentucky!!
(((deb and my dad are staying at the bar while hannah and i party in the pits lawls)))
#np- Tha Joker- We Do It For Fun part 3 #DOPE SONG
Rooooaaaaarrr.!!!!! How 'bout them Detroit Tigers?? Back to Texas we go to win 2 more.
Greg Darnieder, US Dept of Education - look for listing of FAFSA completion rate at every high school in U.S. tomorrow
Sounds good!
Controlling trade show costs is critical to success. What area have you found to be the hardest one to contain?
Thanks for the invite!
#GetAustinToTheTop10 come on n
what are u doing instead?? Sadness
Thurs. Photo Flashback - Dominique Dupuis at Chicago Celtic Fest '06 - www.theconcertstage.com/dupuis2006.html
Since we got out of school a week ago I've already made more money than I did all summer at Cheddars..
Does a chicken have teeth? It kind of has ridges. They're like teeth.
well, I think it's ridiculously cute. I haven't seen his face yet, but I think I'd probably fuck him just cause that tat
RT : If I call you, I'm a salesman. If you call me, I'm an expert - Neil Godin
follow me:)
thanks! *puts fist in air*
thanks so much emily. continuing to juggle...but I think we're getting a little better day by day :)
Time won't let me go
Very little. I've heard he's hilarious. Why?
cosplay? seriously...awesome.
I got u Boo!
Excited to put BL mp3 live on our blog: betweenliberties.blogspot.com ! Child's Eyes this week, brand new song next week!
fair enough. Thanks for the feedback.
Im gon change it to my KIK picture instead in a few days idk. Yhu saw it?
Ewp and latino theater company just got a shout out on npr!
you forgot make peace with estranged kids and their d-bag step dad.
I'm loving this 4G :D
“: Cause on the old mail carriages, they'd hire a sharpshooter to ride "Shotgun" so it wasn't robbed.” Thanks!
The Packers have traded up again. Now 62nd overall -- trading with the Patriots. They're on the board now.
I didnt know my cousin was coming to my house to get her passport and she was waiting outside for 40 minutes. Woops.
We're hanging out tomorrow , done deal j'Corey
: Our pleasure! Thx for supporting &
A tale of two cities: this $0.75 gin & tonic should have its own twitter account + holiday.
Happy Birthday!
yes ma'am
P to the O, to the R, to the N, it's all I watch cause I'm the man.
Don't forget about our free osteoporosis workshop tommorrow from 6-7pm!
Idk if I already replies to this, but thanks.(:
my two favorites. <3
LOL, it's only cause your email address is in my contacts (and we've been internet friends for like 20 years :O).
New criteria for office space: is it big enough for chair races?!
“Partager” (share) a “joyeux” (happy) moment
Step away from the vehicle.
Do you think you spend more time writing or re-writing?
Happy Monday! Beautiful morning for a drive in...no problems reported.
Playhouse West Film Festival all weekend long!!!!
now I have a new favorite way to waste time. Thanks!
Last time: Write something for Tech Reporting class in field but accessible to people out of field. Choice: Variables as references
*~ we beat OneDirection we did it so happy ~*
I FINALLY HEARD #SAYSOMETHIN AND OH MY FREAKING GOODNESS IT IS PERFECT.
And I want you to know, you're far from the usual
So proud of YOU!!! BIG HUGS from Seattle!
New article on Jeff Teague up! Check it out.
Very excited to bring two more characters into the 1st person. I can already hear their voices in my head, just waiting to come out.
RT/ mention thx. Make it a great day!
This job is not for the weak... Law school never prepares you for this.
When will anybody learn that the word "fucking" will always come out of my mouth every other word?
was done writing checks this season--reason for one more!!
only one that actually stays up this late
Sean Spence is going to have a GREAT career with the Steelers
soccer game as amazing we were down 3-0 then came back and tied i scored 2 of those 3 so proud!!!! love soccer!!!
my job is to make something for u to love it or hate and your job is to hate me or love me
i love
meh you live pretty far away lol
love me some Kearney. And the drive from KC to get there.
i don't know what a shamrock shake is but i'm fairly certain it will never be part of my diet
Amendment One would be bad for business in North Carolina. I just voted against
he think he too much um i think not
BF and I just power belted "Against All Odds" by Phil Collins while our cats looked on, horrified.
#parksandrec is the best show.
#icanttrustyouif you've messed with my mind before
Are there any Twitter-famous #hotchicks I should be following?
You are my favorite! I downloaded one of your album on my iPod!
I will thanks so much it's nice to be on my own lol how you been wats new
Really? That's odd, you know how twitter has its moments. Lol. Try doing a search on my name and adding from there
listening to lil wayne
Many thanks, Mark. See you soon! : Congrats Mizell on new VP, content job. You'll be great.
#Estate sales folks are the sleaziest people!
I need a new avi..
u got to be bored. Nothin goin on in Chi but Janky Promoters?? Get out there and go to some jazz clubs or sumphin!!!
RT : RT : Q2 has me excited for upcoming road races right around the corner!
#Obama is the best Republican president we have had since #Clinton! lol
Create strategic alliances with the Utility & County -- Let's work together to create growth.
at least they're good at being overated lol
Had so much fun at the twitter party. If you don't already follow them and you are a parent, you should!
Sometimes Presidents have to swallow their pride to be able to best help the hurting in our Nation. They have to go against the grain
have you been checking your po box?(:
Brand new KARAOKE show tonight at Karma.hosted by Carly Rose. Also karaoke tonight at the Irish Knot in riverwest.hosted by Keegan
Sorry you are dealing with that, too!
Thanks! Had no idea where the Rochester market ranked.
Chinese New Year is like having a second Better New Year's.
The earth laughs in flowers.
Looking forward to the hit! RT : Brian Blade Fellowship
Student art from afterschool programs around the state of #CA. well done!
Thank God for Twitter! You think maybe Google+ had anything to do with it. LOL.
follow us
So wonderful to collaborate with and ! Can't wait to work with these lovely ladies!!!
just watched Kung Fu Panda 2. it was really cute
I never thought of that! Thank you for that tip.
I can't wait to see you guys in Chicago. I just bought my ticket!
Hello people I need a place to live next year so if you need a roommate holla
Idk why but whenever I'm scared laying down in bed I always feel like my blanket will protect me.. Lol.
Movie recommendation is an old school fav "Cooley High"
tough loss but good game. we'll get em tomorrow nite but in the mean time, Kid K i'll miss you man
We need to get on our station ASAP
So if there is any biz they don't want using it, can't let any biz use it.
PS. On that 10", how amazing was the song "Say Anything" ?!
i can see the anger about the lack of differences with the endings, but there is an ending. This is all im saying about this
Can't wait to start the iOS/Print duo of my subscription today. Always exciting to see how innovative interactive print can be!
Did you attend the meeting on April 19 concerning CEO Paul Jablonski's salary increase? What was the outcome?
Did the Door County Century ride yesterday! 100 miles in some of the most scenic area of Wisconsin! A really great time and experience.
get em' CeCe!!!....those are some fierce shoes!!!!
headed out to to help support for their #FightHolidayHunger 2day radiothon!
#warhammeronline #harcoregaming EVEN BETTER!! I don't have pepper spray but I will by tonight.. and a taser for each time you lvl
Should get up into the upper 50s way up there in Seattle, Sean.
Why am I watching "Why Planes Crash: Fire in the Sky" on MSNBC? I fly too much to watch this.
GOOD MORNING TWITS!!!? ON F/B
It is amazing the hurdles we jump and websites we break in order to filter a school's Internet.
Can you help us RT our next tweet? Is for Georgia SPCA. Let's help them find a good home for Oddie and the rest of animals at the shelter.
We'll be open at 6pm for the game. We Added a new hd widescreen projector for the game tonite. Drink specials all night.
Just saw hunger games. #dontgetthehype watch #battleroyal instead
it is like "I agree" something like that e_e
My mom telling me about how she was so popular in highschool lmao >>> my mom was a pretty cheer leader though
Actually the GC does provide business cards, but only for Level I students....maybe we've had this conversation?
#Takeabreath. Rainy day - great day to rest and read. It's great for your mind and body.
Overgrow the Government
It's in there!!!
It's going to be months before I can get the catchy Todabom Vodacom campaign jingle out of my head.
Have fun with Dirk today! &
yep; I stalk you! (not)
you're phony and lame. Maybe Twitter will take your $$ to remove my tweet. Have a nice day :)
too bad you couldn't wait 45mins. woulda made u work for that
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
Hi guys.
Shea Butter Scrub is a luxurious blend of super moisturizing organic Shea butter blended with Carribean Sugar Cane...
i didn't know that about cats. thanks for the history lesson. go grays!
Any chance of a retweet for a UK brother who quit his job today and needs a pick me up?!?
Bobcats over Michigan!
I was joking. Relax.
It's so nice to have you tweeting on West Coast time for a change. Enjoy your time in San Diego!
I'm the lucky dinner guest of tonight! Are you a fan?
JUST GOT MY VOTE ON!
lol I typed it wrong ! 😠
CONDO BOARD MEMBERS! I can help you save money on your association's insurance, better coverages & improve quality of life. Call me ASAP.
Longest day ever. Junior year is finally over. Seriously don't know how I made It through without killing myself.
I'm iight just been grindin hard in the studio. you already
Fishing with and !
Fuck society's idea of beauty. Everyone is beautiful, inside and out. No matter what anybody says.
you have other piercings so its cool lol but the stud as your only facial piercing is played. lol
"I've loved the Jackrabbit nickname all season. Now get to see them in person in Albuquerque." Can't wait to have you here!
Help us hit 104 Dream Makers by 7PM & One Mission Foundation will donate $50,000 to #MixCares4Kids Radiothon! Call 800-457-KIDS. Let's GO!
Pardon my ignorance, when is that? p.s. Congrats!
It divides
He wasn't worthy of a goose neck. I wanted to wring his little goose neck.
not even close. They miss worse PI than that ALL the time. GREAT non call.
this ones actually good too! :3 I love pomegranate!
and I just watched YellowBrickRoad and fell in love. What a masterful psychological thrillfest!
Just followed and Excited to read your tweets!
i wish i could! :( but ill still be cheering u on! :) xx
-somebody voxer me I'm bored! :)
I love that restaurant~the Guacamole Texacono is my fav ;)
Enjoy your Pizza Hut! That sounds good! What kind did you get?
Lang Lang discusses the important work of his foundation, live on our Ustream. #CSOLangLang Last minute questions?
Aloha!!! Great stuff.
I hope that Season 3 of Game of Thrones brings more Downton Abbey/GoT crossover actors.
That was a subtweet aimed directly at myself, by the way.
It went co-ed after I graduated. I lived in Alumni (now Pinon) for my first three years at State.
save me a plate shit sounds beyond good
He was robbed. And I say that without having seen it! :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the single teenage mothers out there. To those who are struggling, to those who wanna give up. You're beautiful.
oh no, it has more to do with the kids...
new friend, a recent path-crosser or alter ego?
HEY HEY HEY!!
On the road to Copperas Cove!
program goals are 300 students by end of school yr...we're at 270 right now! thanks for helping us reach them!
omfg mine too .-.
Watching little foot ,
you're up to something ...
LL Cool J turning the Grammy's into Church.. Lol
you got a show in SD tomorrow? Where?
Straight from NY Pizza on Belmont....m
5 shots in, nobody has hit ball in. Fail.
I hope that u had great birthday.
Arab participation in Israeli education system is increasing dramatically. -Hazzan.
Stay tuned for beautiful billboards!
Oh my goodness! My prom dress is almost finished I feel like #PrincessBelle when I wear it(:
Hm Hawaii in a month..(: heckyes<3
Good reminder. RT “: That really difficult truth that is breaking you is life's way of teaching you the path of acceptance.”
Packing up to go to with
I read Dewhurst supports sanctuary cities. If I knew nothing else, that would be reason for me to back
i would very much prefer a hot boyfriend hallucination lol
I think you'll seriously look stunning in the pink dress. :)
3 minutes added time.
I know, I feel bad. Some others were trying to say hey and couldn't reach me either.
All #Chicago residents - check out the Chicago Tribune this Sunday for a great story about Nextdoor!
music is my life...end of story
Colin Quinn?
Lazy afternoon watching one of my all-time favorite movies: The Usual Suspects
"I want to hear a gangsta rap song about buying a Cy Twombly painting or dating a museum curator." -John Waters in via
every time you retweet one of my tweets, it just reminds me of how much i miss you and everyone else.
I'm in a country mood! Jamming the radio at work!
The usual complete inability to comprehend how municipal governments function is fun too.
Looking for road trip photos! A drive thu Tuscany, RV across USA, and motor biking around Thailand. Got Pix? Send them!
Its funny seeing all the dads and kids at the store buying flowers and cards last minute haha
There you go screenwriting students. That's a freebie.
one my hope, my soul, my life for you ♥
My little girl is doing so well potty training... 4 days with no accidents. Now I just need to get brave enough to take her out places.
Tonight my dream are not letting me sleep!!!! It's 1:30 am and I am day dreaming and dreaming big!!! #dream do
Ok let me go check my email. Hang on.
Bad shooting game so far for both teams.
Gonna cry myself to sleep tonight :,( no One Direction concert for me :,( #IWantedToGoSoBad D,:
d rose fucked em hard but i think itd be so sick if they got to the finals and blew it again.
im studying we can talk about this at practice tomorrow lol
heard you on espn Milwaukee yesterday good story. I already cheered for you. Now im getting your jersey.
What are some of your favorite ways to use JOIA as a mixer?
Omg this coffee is delish
Mother Teresa - Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.
#madmen Pretty sure I have done something similar once or twice!
Dear Randy Wolf, Home Runs are bad. Sincerely, a concerned citizen
Power on. Yeah timeouts suck, but man the fumble ... the fumble ... the horror ...
If you drive by McKinley Field or Hampton's on King Saturday afternoon, give us a honk.
Hahahaha don't worry I finished
Playing with my baby chickens(:
Great day to rock a bow tie.
Working out fits any occasion and never goes out of style
Annie looks so sweet!!! Hope she finds a wonderful home for Christmas
me too! And yess. Is yours!?
Sampson leads league in wins and strikeouts. The only area he trails is ERA, and that's from pitching against better competition
"like" button.
Bout to go hit some trails with the atv. 😁
yo man big ups to my main man rick ross
You know me, you really know me. You understand me, you know the mistakes i've made and you still accept me you don't know what that means..
#netflix #theconspirator neat historical flic now
State, Local Laws Adding to Foreclosure Problems FHFA Official Says
it would be my second time presenting there. Just want to show a little diversity on my CV.
France&#39;s Juppe says sanctions against Syrian regime have cut its financial reserves in half
This 9 hour test is #brutal. I immediately regret being an #engineer. #beers to come
I've been singing about working on old cars but it's been a while since I have,
they love this southern swag!
Off to acting class kiddos!
haha nah wouldnt call you guys freaks. lol unless you were referring to another kind of freak. jk jk jk.
I wish.
North carlionas "America's" play is good as shit and smart :)
Tonight at hot topic! 2/4 of Currents united. While Tony was hard at work, Crosby and him were approached by a few fan girls! Pretty coo ...
omg Giraffe :(
Congratulations on your beer-infused awards!
Idk how my brother got a girlfriend
competing or judging Mr.?
It's My DNA
#BOYFRIENDReviewit's amazing song which comes from your heart...we love it J!!!!
Oh the hell! We were going to stop there on Sunday, but I told everybody it didn't open until April 1.
Come on Packers!!!
New Stone Age = hands-down favorite store in LA.
Great attitude, and it's all gonna pay off for you on super sunday!
53 pilgrims and about 91 Indians celebrated the first #Thanksgiving in 1621, but it did not become a national holiday until 1863
And that's all for now twitter folk.
Aye girl you cute ;)
We are still looking for a male actor for our upcoming play: "I, Gotcha" Joe Tex and the Soul Clan! may 2oth-June 6th.
Going to work today? Leave your "AUTO DESTRUCT" in ACTIVE. Oh how your co workers will love that!
I have my doubts lately more and fucking more...That's all, God help me...
Just buy a $99 simple touch.
It feels fuckin nasty outside.
wants to make the perfect song that unites the world, so Rufus can come back in time and take me on an excellent adventure
R u single?
I want a picture of the crazy loon who went ape over ice cream.
Join today for #kizomba at 4pm.
Happy 175th birthday to #Chicago!
Anyone want to be my new friend???
in the lake?
YES IT IS BOLD! But let me tell you,when i release MY Blues'd out rendition of"Nothing else matters" by metallica THIS WEEK..Stand Back :)
Jamming to some music!
New motto: Choose the Booze
Is so frustrated rite nw Idk wat to do wit my self !
What am i doing ? who knows
Absolutely, thanks!!
Could literally eat an entire box of strawberry gushers. No problem.
vegas you know youll visit :p
Boneless wings with and and
Night tweeps!! Gotta get up in less than 5 hours.
Great class tonight. I love #brianreiseactingstudios! You ROCK!
you dont have a boyfriend?
Good Luck to all our CIM friends and members tomorrow. What a big day it will be. GO RHETT!
wrote song number seven for Volume 2 today.....with Jon Weisberger and Peter Cronin....a really good one if i may say so.....
Mission and New Montgomery today, 11-2pm.
How you been sis? Don't cut them 2 bad....lol
Hey there! We running tomorrow morning?
note to self: get to bed early tonight
Missed you again today at Union South! But I'll be there at least twice/month this year so I'll eventually run into you!
I know. Doesn't everyone. :D
Do you think Gov. Martinez has done a good job during her first year in office? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
You mean like syncing your Springpad contacts & events with multiple Gmail accounts and Google calendars?
You will never run out of money if you alwayz keep 6 monthz backup of your salary untouched.
....., we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand." Vince Lombardi
Another 1 down!
Maybe today I'll break through to 200 followers?
Working Late Night solo tonight- perf chance for you all to come mock me... PS: all cocktails limited to 2 ingredients. Thx
Getting some rain here in Kearny Mesa
haha thanks girl;) 🍻🎉
i been out all night !
Amen RT : Not sure I understand the marketing strategy of companies that send out emails EVERY day to announce the unremarkable.
Last night I interviewed alto saxophonist and flutist James Spalding for the jazz museum's Harlem Speaks series. He's a wonderful spirit.
#Hot97 's brings hip-hop to Fridays at the Lough Lounge!
I just want to make myself some damn coffee and work on my paper. Gotdamn it.
A2) Dreams are God given & to be used to eventually help others, while fantasies are selfish.
I think aau is certainly a positive in many instances, but there r sum negatives just like hs ball.
Almost ready to submit to the Droid market. what an exciting time for Hairologie!
RT Driving fast and with one hand is
or you can pay
Our swag bags are getting full! Over 20 local biz have donated all sorts of goodies! Thanks so much for making #bloodybrunch a reality!
Come on! what was that jury thinking?! so what if she had good behavior she killed her baby! BABY KILLER!
Over it.
u r right. we'll fix it soon. really appreciate ur willingness to try us.
“: Hey Kurt, put Jesse James on SOA? ” hell yes!!
Im sure he will do it for everywhere! he will be doing a lot of concerts all over the world so there will be a lot of OLLGs!
Full flt to Chicago & boarding is taking a while. Let's go, people, bc I need a drink!
because of ,trademark laws we are looking into ,reopening Blow Family Music Factory ,with our lawyer's.
Oh because Woody Allen is a Knicks that's why the MSG Network is currently showing Annie Hall. No wait. What?
Strange when dissent of any kind isn't tolerated.
That makes sense, same boat here boo
Madison, WI businesses.Check out ! Plenty of space available for you to post your coupons for "black friday" and the holidays
“: The "what to call CJ" conundrum is plaguing me today. >> someone yesterday said, " you've been saponged!"
The inside scoop....
Of course, getting sucked into Twitter is very anti-busy bear mode. Signing off for now...
Hi, Anita! Thanks for following, and looking forward to the chats
Thanks for following!
Noted! Will seek them out soon.
Anyone is interested in opening his/her own online store? Let me know to see if i can help!
Now I know who my real friends are. I make an effort and you blow me off? Whatever.
tx so much for the RT! So nice to meet you!
He has to know were here... You're fucking cat man!
I'm well aware of Chelsea massacre occurring right now. I choose to ignore it.
Cant wait till u come to dallas and houston !!! :D
we do live in Wisconsin after all
deborah says thank you! ; )
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day!
you were following me but noticed you're not anymore, truly a Black Friday haha
Brothers in Blue Hell, once again.
Las Vegas money shrugs at Petrino firing - USA TODAY (blog)
Teaser and trailer and website up soon. Looking forward to your comments!
Yes, thanks Imelda! Hi Tammy! :)
Bed time
I can't get to #etsy on IE or Firefox today. Anything happening here? I'm bored.
Right now at my hotel's room balcony waving to my fans and listening to 'em screaming for my name. Love when they sing my songs <3 LOVE YOU!
"when it get serious dem call babylon." -vybz kartel
Lord, beer me strength.
Great meeting & today to discuss & Love meeting like-minded people!
Hate that airport with a passion. Even the Admirals Clubs there are just this side of purgatory.
And many argue that that influence has been detrimental to my otherwise fine wit
Loving someone and being Inlove with someone is 2 differnt things! I Love Alot of people but Im inlove with No one.
I have been laughing my butt off! Love it!
Time for some NBA All-Star Game action!
You should show us tomorrow!
Today I will be graduating from Roosevelt University's Chicago College of Performing Arts with a Bachelors in Horn Performance.
Also, did Rachel set a record for crying on the race? Every episode, right?
a voice of an angel R.I.P Whitney Houston
And I fuckin prove why the hell they say I'm that dude..
is it on YouTube yet?
Foregin ass people.
is there still a line out the door to see Experience in this winter wonderland?
PHUCK YOU !!! STOP TWATTING AT YOURSELF
Yeah!!! Good to know u doing better!!!
People calling in to The Kojo Nnamdi Show -- that I am on right now -- are supportive of my position against extending bar hours.
Thank you for your support
No naughty thoughts. Just a brain wanderin' around. :)
Up early for Estacada Invite for XC... Watch out Estacada, Camas is coming, gonna be awesome race...
text me 9851350
You know how when you're alone you refuse to look homeless people in the eye? Well, Justin Bieber's mom has 1 million followers on Twitter.
just want to say, I love your show.. It is very smart and hard talk too.. Love the debates and the opinions on both sides....
he was sitting on our water spicket outside this morning (: I love him
At #seahawks game today. Gonna get loud. I hate the #giants too
My name is now Tayla. According to my sister.
Oh shit battery is at twenty percent!!! How will I ever holler at fat hos on twitter dot com now
Stepping on a Nigga jays or forces...... Intentionally
Exactly how many poop jokes does it take to get verified on this thing?
#ComplimentSomeoneOfTheOppositeSexDay your beyond hot!! I just wanna lick you all over. Lol! Best compliment I can think of
All branches are open to serve members. All ATMs are available except Hillcrest. Online services are available.
i might move back to summerland Vegas when I get back my mom has been sick and my family still lives out there.
nice to feel needed! Upset to hear about the book/treasure taxi loss.
All three New York Public Library Systems are definitely needing funding and support to save their libraries. So support is a good thing!
Shared via from NDWFD Station 52 'Carderock': I just downloaded this app and think it as cool as cool can be
lol epic c:
ahahaha me either -keeps walking around-
Kelly Barton~ Water is the most neglected nutrient in your diet but one of the most vital.
#cyberbully is so sad ...i cried
No, and I'll be in Carlton part of the day. Will check it out.
thanks man. you can also check us out on facebook user name debon de-bon
where are all the LeBron haters tonight or jokes about only playing in 3 quarters?
Also: Hawaii
here it's all new dotcom money, old money = 1860s. Hilarious.
june 5th cant get here fast enough #clubparadise w/ *!%!#!&? :D
Giving up on the Badgers already?? RT : #Bucks are fun again
mmmhhhmm sure u dont he wants ya nd r u guys bck? :p
Dont u hate it when u really like a guy but he has a girlfriend so u no u cant be with him :(
Business buyers are people too. B2B marketers can benefit from using more emotional marketing messages.
And all those American-made cars, too. RT : Those jobs...helped me by 14 houses....
why thanks ya gorgeous :)
I like you so much . Everything would be easier if you were closer to me </3
WE welcome "Glamorous Sensation" to AgooBiz // The Social Commerce Network!
Well..... goodnight Facebook. Hope u enjoyed the Grammys!! What was your fav part? ;)
Tough Mudder Team Wired Waffles Saturday September 29th! let do this!
awesome... the belt celebration is one to be shared among the #packernation!
Ignore my DM. lol You were already aware.
Just kidding, it will only make me sad. I'll watch/post tomorrow.
#jazzfest2012 (I had to do at least one hashtag.)
follow me pleasse
“An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities.” from Yogi Tea
lol I was getting my clean on
WHAT!!? really!?
Thankful to see another day!
Ya know... It just occurred to me that I've never seen two cats humping. Hmm.
Some students had me watch that. Mind blowing stuff.
that would be the biggest waste of money and your biggest regret
Is going to work!!! Love working maybe get few things before work! Have a great night!!!
was like, I'm glad I'm not a guy cause I'm pretty sure I'd be ugly and have a small penis.
Check out INCOMPLETE PASSES for free! Giveaway now at !
Please tell your person mommy to feel better soon. I missed her at work today.
Can't wait to run down by the lake after work!
Shut Up Though.
And check out friends over at
#ThatChickHadNoClue she had a hole in her exercise pants right in the crotch area while doing her thai #kickboxing class! #Yikes!
I had to leave my bedroom cause I was laughing so hard, I was afraid to wake up Bentley. & your not fat, shoulda seen me the
:) thank you. Love you guys and only want the best for you!
you are
RT : Be smart about your image & HONEST in the PROMISE OF YOUR BRAND. It is the deepest way to ensure yourself success.
RANDOM PERSON READING YOUR TWEET AND ANSWERING BACK! <-- Also never happens with text :)
I have to get up in 3 hours and I can't sleep ugh :/
The #Bachelorette is a year younger than me and looks about ten years older
I'll give you what you need like a weeknd song
Next week's courses: Access-Intermediate Pt 1, Excel-Intermediate Pt 1 & Acrobat 9 Pro-Advanced. More info go to www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Can't wait!
came in person to apply for a job today, hopefully Holly Haddad of HR gets my resume! Would love to join the Adler community
Finished putting grades in* *two students are holding up two classes, for very good reasons.
That is hilarious. And good riddance.
This heat loss brings joy to my heart..LOL!
I'm so over being cold 24/7
ah Jenn! You are so amazing!! I love you so much!! Congrats on your book release today!!!!!
The '16 and VOTE GLOBAL CAMPAIGN' Champions Lowering National, State and Local Voting Ages to Sixteen (16) ALL Around the GLOBE
Saw a t-shirt that said “jesus was a ginger” explains why they crucified him
Nice out at the plate to send it to the 17th
A mouse just ran across this lunchroom floor
At #SAA2012 #saa12 ? Stop by our booth to enter our raffle! Prizes: norton facsimile of the first folio or a signed copy of The Swerve!
all she is doing is bitching about how no one wants her.....
Aggh..vas a ir a Dubai o a Nueva York? :D
Thanks, Adam!
It happens man. Thats how online has been for me. Just a short stack grind. Your the man keep it up
ew why do you laugh like that
who is playing?
Breakfast for dinner
i forgot all about that girl
Lol you'll do great hun! Plus you'll visit often im sure. Good Luck! :)
How nice! What's the Boulder race in which you're competing?
Telling me you gave my neon to your favorite customer isnt a good way of trying to pry a new out of me. Selling more beer would work better
Just watched #theriver. Creepy show.
Learned on morning jog, listening to David Blight's Civil War lectures: 2 of 5 black men who fought alongside John Brown were Oberlin grads.
LMAO RT : Remember Madonna spelled backwards is old broad who can't sing and dance anymore
You're free to tweet whatever horrible misguided sentiment you want, but I'm free to call you out on it. Just respond honestly.
I'm sorry to hear that
Awesome Zombie Crawl 2011 teaser video coming very soon.
Usher singing Scream on SNL...i was dancing in my seat! :)
How the hell do I get from Baltimore to Martha's Vineyard?
that deer had it coming...
Just want to get out of this english class NOW!!!!
hahahaha, we got them lined up.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Tax Day.
I don't plan on listening either, haha.
Your the one to talk...
Human ribs? Ewwww.
Lady Gaga and Beyonce are the new generation of glove wearers. Or should I say Glove Warriors. They are fantastic performers.LaCrasiaGloves
I still don't get it.
Congrats to and the Spalding baseball team for winning 3 games today and the national championship tonight
I miss her but im damn sure not going to beg
Just wanted to give a shout out to the First Day of Spring!! Holla - can't wait for some warmer weather and spring flowers ;)
Uh I fell off of spanish the thing I 4get Is wat too say bck. Lol
My colleague has partnered with Niobe Way at NYU and I have partnered with feminist/queer groups (3/3)
RT Congratulations to for her "call-up" as the Coach for the 2011-12 Season!
I just figured it was worth a shot. Thank you anyway though
Happy Social Media Day to all our followers! Come in for a refreshing iced tea today to celebrate!
Jersey with the sister 💙
Alssid: "#College and community based orgs are fighting for the same resources" yikes. #policy needs ways to lift up both.
amendment struck down according to
I'm rung for secretary of RHA 2ma
People always say what they would do if they were in a situation but when the situation arise its a differnt story.
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
that translates to "I Am Score" .... actually everything malkin says in russian does
Off Season Now... Trying to do this Fast, Done! Pre-season games, of Superbowl 48!
#AGilrThat can stand up for herself and others
RT : Why do we so often think in terms of 'What can we cut'? #jhusmed #edchat True, negative thinking
i was asking...but i have a feeling that everyones gonna play..i see ur a fan of new york teams..
Geesh! That's expensive! I remember seeing them in Grand Rapids for about $10. I'm old & Miami isn't cheap.
We have a total of 15 locations across the valley, drop your zip code in here www.DunkinDonuts.com
Who's Justin? I miss you. Come back to me.
Plz notice me!! I'm a huge fan of yours!! :)
No prob, what's been up with you?
kinda have to wonder about the textbook buyers in the Hillsboro SD, too. It's like, you can preview the books first. :S
Michael Jackson is making more money in a month. Sing dead then I will make in my entire life. Depressing.
GONNA GET ON THAT WOW
Fe = iron. Male = man. Therefore, I am Iron Man!
hey are still awake? And who are you pertaining to. Who's too lanky? Are you pertaining to ?
hi leh neh <---- how your supposed to pronounce my name, Jaylean<--- how i pronounce it(:
appreciate the inquiry. let us know if you have any questions. otherwise, have a good weekend!
Happy new year!!!
Involved in an M&A transacton/corporation restructuring? Complete due diligence re: visa-employees well BEFORE transaction is complete.
Good morning all my Twiggaz & FB Fam #PrayersUpBlessingsDown have a good day!
then come on
Developers, you know what would be #useful? #hashtag alerts, for conversations I might be interested in
I don't have to be up this early every day, but I choose to wake up because I'm determined to push myself harder.
haha i know I'm sorry
Is it wrong to dye my dogs hair red? He needs a different look.
Much love to the Twitterverse! After a small break for some deep breathing, I'm back :)
The heart has its reasons that reason knows nothing of
This could not have been any longer. I'm tellin ya...
what sign are you if I may ask?
Great weekend! Saw old friends &made new ones @ the PAFF Market.Saw Safe House:)attended genealogy wrkshp & a friends b'day party. Good time
LOL so RT I'm older *sticks tongue out* lol
Looking 4 themes? Check our monthly blog post #themethursday. Today we featured 's Expositio. bit.ly/uO0mT6
happy birthday Tay! :)
t mobile and AT&T
super tired!
Wish me luck. I am having my scalp cut open this morning to remove a sebaceous cyst. There will be stitches. There will be blood.
Looking for some pizza donations for our bands this evening. Anyone? Ledo fed hill?
Hope every1 is having a wonderful monday!! Don't forget to tell all your friends to follow us!! We really appreciate it!!
Justin dedicated Where Are You Now to Jeremy, Turn To You to Pattie, and Down To Earth to them both. What about your idol?
Well considering I've been home from England for over 2 weeks I think it's about time for me to unpack... 
Working on presentation 13/14 today! Woo! Tomorrow will be P7s and any late W6.
Well big agency life it's been a hell of a ride but It's time to move on.
This class fucking blows.
So awesome ! RT : Very cool. Take pics! RT : Got to wear purple bracelets for at Warped Tour tonight!
is that a private rooftop or ??
mr. sun please shine your rays on me today.
almost done. hang in there!
My mom says I'm a catch.
I should point out that Ramirez did throw that guy out earlier.
#69Factsaboutme 55. I want ice cream now.
RT : 'Gon and cop a sweatshirt from and let me wear it #SoIKnowItsReal .
life's getting boring , i need something to spice it up this year.
How can I bear it, conducting so much music about genocide, atrocities, loss, war and death?
But really Brian?? Really???!
Jeordie Klueber, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
The problem with Lebron, all the hype put on him and his nickname "king" why....? He doesn't have an NBA crown.
I won't.... This sucks so bad
I only heard it that once, seems to have stopped
Watching the #MelissaAndJoey finale and spending time with my roomie & our kitties!
IQ2US audience gasps and applauds "For" side wins "Ban College Football" with a 37 point swing!
Just finished writing my story about something strange being done to protect a man's home from a wildfire. Editors have it now. on KOB.
have fun wit that hopefully ur kids nvr find out.
My friend has them we're on season 7:)
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go! - Play Alganon
So I need to team up with who agrees? ;)
This nigga got me nuggets with no sauce mayne
Crashing in just a bit...LONG day tomorrow getting poked & prodded by my doc, to see how well (or not) my slow, long recovery is going. :P
its a good good life huh? Oh tittuh. I luh you.
And somewhere, is giddy about this RT : THEY'RE going THERE with THEIR friends. It's called grammar, use it.
Might have to give my car back to Acura b/c they lost the title which means i cant register it -______- #Seriously ??
That sounds like quite a blend!!!! :)
“: #PeopleLikeUs change the world.”
that's my favorite one
“: Follow this guy and your life will be changed: #FF”//It's true, without Evan, I'd hate the Phillies less ;)
i'm down to do that lol
I am done w DLD. Going to Darkness at Surly instead. I have some reasons to believe this yr DLD will be a brofest.
Detroit has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians! Be sure to support your local artists!
Working on future columns -post HS transition/options for young adults w/special needs across spectrum; LD, phys/cognitive delays- thoughts?
It's times like these that I'm very thankful for indoor plumbing. I just wish my dog knew how to use it.
Bachmann and her self-hating homo husband make me long for the days of Palin and her self-emasculating homo husband.
Check out my "Zend Framework...Without Inhaling" article in the Nov 2011 issue of php|architect magazine. Give some love!
I just want a guy who will come and sweep me off my feet.
I said I was having trouble getting it off my hard drive but I switched to NTSC from FAT32 (obviously) and all is well
It is when you give of yourself that you truly give
####### Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com
I know the feeling. My "to read" list is like 150 books. That's like 3-4 years of reading.
did the servers for D3 go down again?
": *News Bulletin* Anyone "claiming" to be a #SADE fan who does NOT have OR heard of [LOVE DELUXE] should Log Off NOW!"<~AGREED!
I've lost 2 pounds since Wed! Making it 7# lost in Oct! Total: 30# this yr!! Btwn mile+ walk w/MTM & awesome V3: feeling gr8, loving this!
yeah I'll totally be there. Lol
You're my disease
Whatever the star trek remake or the recent comic movies did to legitimize nerd culture, comicbookmen is undoing
way u kno bout dat asap marco
That's a very hard question to answer in a tweet :) I'm sending you 2 links to Youtube videos that I uploaded that explain
I used to live above a bunch of frat boys. They'd sing that song at the top of their lungs whenever they got drunk.
Help me get more followers?(:
Sounds great! Would love to see what you come up with. The possibilities are endless
that's really confusing. Haha
Assembling into formation not to stress the obvious but very blowy up here, loud and downrightr chilly
This fiscal compact treaty could lead to Ireland imploding w/ massive cuts & lay offs in the public service.
is looking for a digital designer. Apply within.
It's ok if you must, but keep it focussed on 1st year as much as possible.
2nd half lets go!!
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.- Mother Teresa
the only person assaulting is you calling me an A-Hole. I simply teased a writer to "get a writer." Standard tease after lame joke
Joint Chief of Staff tells troops in Afghanistan, if debt deal isn't reached, they'll have to fight but not get paid.Huge for SD.
Whenever your feeling down, remember: You are the Sperm that won! .......LMAO! Definitely remembering this.
Lucky Lady!
I sure do!
Someone is setting off fire crackers by the pool lol
what a weekend.
Kevin Chaney AHRQ - Using technology to promote well being & independence in older tech resistant adults #health2stat human factors approach
Ikr! I rlly liked her she rlly improved over the season
#speakingvolumes3 will be announced next week. Christian producers, email for more info stat!
Don't you hate the 140 limit???
HEY! LISTEN! We'll be closed _tomorrow_, Thanksgiving Day... So come down tonight for some pre-holiday fun!
Excited about The Unconvention at Rice today. Open House to everyone in the Houston area.
RT RT #SHOUTOUT #ff nEW #FOLLOWER NEEDS SOME HELP OUT HERE SHE WILL
#00MF stop texting me !
Don't understand what Chelsea Handler has against Diddy. Love 'em both. Why the hate?
Just got done painting with my otha mommy....now....I want sum ice cream
Happy easter! pc4pc???
If I could just break away from Madden 12 I would most likely _____________
I went last year! I had a blast. really hooked it up last year.
Happy to have as a new follower here on Twitter...
Southern ladies can be genteel but dont rile them up per Tamron Hall
Just want to tell you something I watch your video today. I suggest you add closed captioning on video. Because I am Deaf.
I'm live life to da fullest
Cop Glasses, California Sun & Coast Line. What could be more better?
The wind is getting nippy, girl cover up them titties. Unless your a of course.
Video is only a very small piece of Flipped Classroom, even if used. So, I'm not sure how Khan could monopolize it. Please explain.
Finishing up a great Italy trip with #DePauw Winter Term students. Back to Castelli Verdi tonight!
I love Anna Samusko she so funny.
Thank you!
Thank you! It was great! Your turn!
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything. Eric flores
"humorous and always gripping." Rex Reed's review of MONSIEUR LAZHAR. My review of John Travolta.
Sometimes whenever I smell a Black&Mild I just wanna smoke one
Wow!!! Morning is SO early when you've been on vacation.
hey guys, its pilar (: i havent been on alot, i've been busy. -.- but daniella has been on and now ill start getting on more too :D
oh I'm in. Martini time
Went into the archives...Check out a couple of Blago's campaign promises from his 1st run for governor in my report tonight at 10pm on WAND.
What you swervin on?
The FPASW Symposium is only two weeks away! Check out the great speakers... Oct. 27th Country Springs Hotel.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers who work hard to #fixschooldiscipline!
I interviewed LA punk band HEY YOU and it's featured on Nuvox Radio. We talk about hand jobs, busty blondes and rock n roll. Check it out!
« , Haha yeah!» lol okay, i txt you.
I feel like singing.
Merry Christmas,man!
Just worked out sore lol :)
we are almost the same height in heels
Presenting to our friends in on the services we offer and FERPA. Great discussion taking place with the group of liaisons
Celebrating the holidays with our fellow members tonight!
just ah random thought
Trainings are the bee's knees! And by bee's knees I mean pointless and exhaustingly boring.
Haha #ManlyProblems ": When jumps in cold water, the water gets shrinkage"
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo name their kids Shenene or Shquana or some other name tht cant be spelt
Thanks for the mention! What's your favorite beer(s)?
steven shared it with me. it was just too good to keep to myself! you're welcome. ;)
Ran a high fever all night. Found the following in my notebook this morning: "Greatest band name ever: Cooper Duper and his Amazeballs."
frosted flakes it is *shrugs*
can't either!
Hearing my car start again was so worth my 400 tweet, but I wasted my 400 on asking if he wanted to play basketball...
my pleasure. Thanks for the follow back.
Whoa MT : Lstng 2 Jamaican Gospel! Didn't know it's a thing. Wind it Jesus! Wind it! Watch me now! Buck Buck for the Lord!!
RT is selling his bachelor pad - Matt, you need to buy a house from me! :)
Pizza Trivia: What percentage of the U.S. population is skipping work AND eating pizza today?
Dust Bros. remix. Dubstep remix. The version feat. Rick Ross and Nikki Minaj. Each album, 2-3 new versions.
Mhm. My feelings say that my English is so bad.
No muscle milk this year? Wtf rio
Lag B'omer BBQ for Atlanta Jewish young adults - May 22 - info at www.chabadga.com -- Bonfire, food, music, jousting!
The European Tire Market 2011-2015
<~~~~ GO FOLLOW cuz they tweeted #HU4L <3 <3 lets get it trending guys!!
What is the thinnest book in the world? "What Men Know About Women"
speaking of.. Jordan, I need to borrow ur blender... Hahahaaaaa
thanks guys!
omg your so pretty!
Whose going to #SXSW?
what channel is today's game on?
so much glitter
With the anniversary of 9/11 coming up, I just wanted to wish the world some Peace. No more fear. Have a good one everyone.
I could do that !
Love Miami's new uniforms.
THX! " - I've got most of my fitness knowledge from videos his & #youtube"
My phone autocorrects Romney to Tombstone.
Facebook is down. Not good.
Vigilance is key
I'm so hurt & heated. Done with players & sneaky bastards.DONE!
I follow you back.
Everyone keeps your fingers crossed... Hopefully I'll be cruisin' tomorrow!!!!!!
is a future navy seal!!!!!! Yayayayayayayayay.
sending via FB invite. Excited to see you there! Hope you can make it! :)
er...that "other" mobile conference in sunny spain, #barcelona! sorry for the confusion
Canon U.S.A. Announces Google Cloud Print(TM) Support for Select PIXMA Printers
ethnicity should count for zero... I wouldn't be surprised if 1/2 of Americans have some Indian ancestry - big deal
swiss rolls hm :-)
#EveryGirl & #EveryGuy should be an original, not a copy ! <3
Growing in the valley of the shadow of death
I'm spending a quiet moment with Sadie---the only sound is the furious wagging of her tail beating the ground...
it is your destiny
I got u
Final preparations are underway for Radiothon this weekend. Tune in to KNXR 97.5FM and call in your pledge to support RSOC!
What I say is not what I always mean.
Kids are spoiled in Qatar - all have electronic gadgets & parents are clueless
grammar quiz « kayleighannegates
#SomethingIdonthave: a fuck to give. lmao i should really get on here more...
Why dont I just die. Then they'll be no problems.
only on camera only on camera
section 106 row d seat 3. Verlanders my tiger...
Having kids is great. Your kids having friends is good. A quiet house when everybody is gone is the best.
#happymommysday <3 ^_^ to my mom, all the amazing moms & moms-to-be I know!
We had an amazing practice today! Getting ready for our show May 12th!
At MDDC awards, on the era of ala carte journalism: You want to be at as many stations of the (content) buffet table as possible.
word & I'm not a fan of the timeline either.
GoodMorning <3 Just Watched 's Music Video MiAmor <3 Ah Im In Love (:
nicely done! And watercolors are hard for me but you like you gots its down:)
btw.. You have the smartest show on TV.
#DailyRebellion: Don't be afraid to correct someone.
Joan Walden Real Estate
According to CNN, Romney is daring God to stop him? Pride cometh before a fall.
to happiness and success
soon the 1st European IPv6 smart grid pilot in Greece,interconnecting IPv6 AMRs over MDM 2.0 Cloud techs with stream data mining in realtime
Films: See Slumdog Millionaire..excellent Appaloosa..worth watching The Mummy..China edition...BAD
Ok... #denial. there is NO contradictory evidence & it's unlike a Democrat to ignore science
btw how did u do at the casino?
This is going to be a doozy... Best cure for a MASSIVE hangover- Get back on the horse. See you for Late Night w/Billy D!
I really wish Chris Harrison wouldn't talk as much as he does, though.
Can't wait to see Bailey on my tv! ((:
lol i made him say the word "tour" like 10 times.
It's $5.00 Mondays-every film tonight is (you guessed it) five dollars!
So... what kind of technology event skimps on the guest wireless?
Woah! My little sister is on now! Say hello to !
Okay if you paying then that's all that matters. Haha
I'm still talking to Charlotte :p
yay! I just came up on my Pandora. I love it!!! :-)
My last name sounds Chinese, ahaha.
haha now you know!
Happy Friday!
"The idea of a mistake is beside the point, for once anything happens it authentically is." Lend your own voice and thoughts to the...
Huh, Jeff Conaway was in Grease? I thought he was famous for being a drug addict.
just watching these games...wow
Yo did make the beat?
What is your style? Casual? Classy? Elegant?
I WAZ THE WINNER "WINNER Winner CHICKEN DINNER" LOL RT : About to beat and in basketball
i don't give a fuuuuuuck *smokey voice*
Brides-make your wedding Day even MORE fun-help your stoogie family members "lighten-up" & stay away from punch-rent us!
#Str8LykeDes... Look like people wanna play wit me & shit but i'm gone solve as this shit...
I needed you tonight but you wasn't around.. It's hard to accept that I'm just an option.
I no I can't afford the Yeezy 2's but them kicks hard!
you're setting your sights too low. :D
Tillman locking down the funk rhythms with Har Mar Superstar.
We're going to attempt to stream the #bostonmarathon at our office without taking our entire interwebs down. Wish us luck!
Remind me some day to tell you about the time I met #wcw 's lover on the bus in Brooklyn.
I am thinking I should make dinner soon.
Lucky you, we just had a massive windy rainstorm for a bit, now cold and wet and cloudy.
Thanks for sharing!
Happy Valentines Day!
Thanks for following!
LOL! Then you probably won't like it this time, either. Not all the designs I saw were attractive.
hope you're feeling better, missed ya yesterday!
The Handy Craftsman is moving our offices to 2810 West Liberty Ave. Honk when you drive by.....
Best of luck!!
These Bitches Funny ; But Im Not Laughin.
“: My pre New Years resolution... to put on 15 lbs during the Holiday Season! BOOM! #HolidayFatty”//jealous!
"Dair" is one that was destroyed, what was the others?
Thanks for the follow. You would love it when you swing it. Awesome wow factor! Where are you located again?
Oh yeah my bank holiday is being spent in pets at home tomorrow :')
We are announcing our 2012/2013 season shows THIS SUNDAY w/ an article in the BSun! What shows are you just dying to see at the Hippodrome?
Interesting fact! RT Do you think Facebook has improved your world? Out of 1,092 people surveyed, 44 percent said no.
Yep dats how i feel but hey you doesnt love me like really Love You too (#NoSkittledColoredRainbows)
Being alkaline means increasing your intake of greens, fruits, nuts and seeds, root crops and high pH alkaline water
don't put words in my tweets. -_-
But in order to do that, you'd need to move to California... forever. :D
Congrats for being named one of the Best Restaurants in Pittsburgh!
so will OS X 10.7 make my laptop obsolete? or at least my trackpad?
oh man. so sorry.
we said was jitters in 1st start & now 1st home start. I sure hope ur right lovinthetribe bcuz he needs to be better
This is so pacific northwest of you!
I will let you know if I hear of anything. Do you live in Austin?
": Haters and doubters make the success that much better of a feeling" - enough said!
No more Manning Colts? WTF
I think i will be watching a good 80's horror movie tonight.
NEW! Limited-Edition* Mary Kay® Be Radiant Baked Powder Delivers a velvety soft, matte finish with a slight shimmer. Creamy, soft texture.
Just went on a shopping spree in Look Boutique. Great service, lots of samples, happy customer!
me and him >>> me vs him
YES! 6/10/09 ends the over-year long nightmare
Wow! My question first up on Office Hours. TP: Productivity Thru People is 1A to Bias for Action #1 in importance.
Someday I'm going to get my Grade Ten.
Bears rookie camp yay football getting closer
and thats if it doesn't go up agian today
LOL! RT : "We want you to Like us, not friend us." is such a diva.
Shut yo broke ass up !
wonderful! I sent Gabby the info this afternoon.
Private performance this evening. Just curious, what are some good solo pieces to play for small intimate gigs other than bach?
Youre so cool. RT : To all droid #IG users, don't follow me unless you have 100 pics or more plz and thank you...
NNMIL is on "The Twitter" FOLLOW
Awsome. Thanks Colleen!
Visit WGSN-Homebuildlife + exhibiting at MOST #tomdixon and the Salone del Mobile
Hi yah just eating some Jalapeno bread at my aunts house!!!! M Mi gusta ;}
Very complimentary.
& you were B'More's best sports talker for nearly 7 years Viv! You're the master! - Bulldog
I was thinking since its a "fall" veggie, it was prob negatively effected by the drought :/
: nice! u get around town lol
What's the one tech gadget you'd like for Christmas?
I want to puke. Drinking coffee then running in this heat wasn't the smartest idea.....
