Thanks - you too!
Thanks so much for sharing 's latest blogs! We really appreciate it :-)
Lauren must know it all: She's a Cal graduate!
I don't need to be a fancy audio technician to be able to hear and FEEL the word "coon" when Zimmerman says it. Miss me with that nonsense.
Happy Monday! Today is National Stress Awareness Day and National Eggs Benedict Day. So reduce stress with a good breakfast!
Saved by the Bell is on now...watching Jessie's Song. I'm so excited, I'm so excited....I'm so...scared.
We had a blast Seriously can't wait until next year! Thanks to all who made it a memorable weekend
I just scored 7,730 in Dog The Bounty Hunter Video Quiz!
Think you guys could play "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !?!? They're such a sick band, and that song is mah club jam
Twitter blackout for my father's funeral
"There's a Richter to your right and a Struth behind. These artists were once young too." -sage advice to other collectors.
Hanging #8 and seeing your profile pics make this an incredible week!
I hear they have good wings there.
Proud of you. :)
RT : Working title for new column: SEO is Hard.
I cried when marley died in marley&me
who is your publisher? how does this help/hurt your career as author? #USC #writers conference
hey I need your services...
I was randomly tested at the airport again this morning. I think you might be on to something,
Thanks so much for the list love! :)
Sometimes , When I close my eyes , I can't see ..
I think it's once a week that someone in my feed declares it Nat'l Margarita Day. Don't get me wrong, I'm totally cool with that.
WOAH! Were ganging up on Christiana why! and I agree it was quite large
If you're trying to text/call me, you cannot. AT&T reports almost all MA users are without service. Also, the say the outage is spreading
I know it will come true!
Happy Kwanza Josh Hamilton Highlights
HOMEWORK + Homework = Saturday. :)
- very cool!
yes he is. I want to tell him to get a thicker black marker too.
"Are you "In" LinkedIn? SEO-ize yourself, join groups your customers care about and listen, use the Answers section!" via
Every day 2,700 people die of heart disease
Good night my peepz
LAUGH LIKE NIALL
i fell like ima get a lot of c's this semester
Up to 15 survey responses. I'm halfway to the minimum responses that I need.
#20factsaboutme 7. I love to dance
thanks for the follow!
I'm glad I don't live anywhere near him, the temptation would be too much
anytime. I have about 2 million pictures of char on my phone.
I'm looking at the pictures again. Is it sad that that's the best part of my night. Ahh the horror.
#ideas2action u demy: ascribes to gates idea that soon all best lectures will be online & free.
Happy Birthday Kobe! August compulsive can do attitude. Helps you rise and fall. River Phoenix and Keith Moon,short but lasting impressions!
The New Jersey Nets are hosting the Chicago Bulls tonight at the Prudential Center. Buy your game tickets now by calling at: 888-493-0004
Thnku 2 everybody that came out to celebrate my bday! 5:30am and I'm just gettin in! I had a ball Shoutout 2. E.v.a. Pro. S/O 2 my bro Kev
Home finally!!! Alyssa and I signed up for the talent show. I believe we are singing Halfway There by Big Time Rush!!! I can't wait!
Love can't survive off of love alone
your always welcome and ya i love your icon :)
lol that's wassup.. U talk to her?
Homeless man just said I looked pretty today... I'm wearing sweatpants #butthsnks☺
sorry had to go offline, hope 2b back soon. thanks for visiting sweetie (u know who u r!)
is going to be at #smbmad #ford. Are you bringing your students? Some tickets might be around.
ME TOO!!! as soon as i finish working out and change! see you tonight
I'm following Can I get a follow?
What should be the next song we cover? Lets hear some opinions.
I just can't get this coding thing to work!!!! Holy shit! How do you do it ?!
yup so your in 8th grade
It makes me very uncomfortable.
Only made half of my 1000-word goal today. Better than nothing.
Stress that assessment doesn't necessarily kill innovation - depends on how its conducted.
Whoever has my catchers glove, give it back!
Going to be a shitshow today game with
Feeling so alive right now. #ChangedPerson:
Wednesday: scholarships to help students achieve their potential - Leeds Metropolitan University
With the Howard Williams jazz orchestra tonight 7-10, at the garage tonight.
I had to follow just because of her bio. Haha. Thanks for pointing it out.
Bryce Harper is a beast. Throw last night was ridiculous.
Happy Friday!
www,varsityjackets09.com we rock the Burgh one jacket at a time 412 973 8262
Headed to AAC&U's annual meeting about #highered student success in San Fran!
he looks like a 13 year old or a pedafile haha
Oh, you're using opera. I cannot help you. Seriously, I can't.
why do I have a feeling this is going to OT?
did you hit a shot today?
#Visiting from #outoftown during #springbreak? ! Whoever traveled the farthest will win a prize! Just show us your id when you come in!
Could you please endorse our product? It would make life so much easier if you had one to get around with in Berlin!
"Cupid's Got A Gun" - Nicki Minaj
the mere fact you used "spiffy" makes me proud to say you are my daughter.
Hv camera & video so removing those will get noticed ;)
Model Call: Hair model needed for a shoot at Naz Kupelian Salon! Models must be open to new hairstyles and hair colors. DM me! Paid!
what's up with Stevie? Is he just getting old and needs a rest?
Just seeing it.
2012 just started and I've already been Rickrolled!
Going to the movies tomorrow. Then airshow and bonfire Saturday...Meh pretty good weekend.
Hey, it worked! Congrats! (Come visit sometime!)
how much
Take anything of mine away but take my passion they can't not
HEY You guys should follow !! They just made a Twitter and only have 1 follower right now! they're pretty cool too! :)
Today's Word: Grace. Through grace I am made whole.
Where in NWQ is the new Grind located? And what are the hours today?
Time to do some babysitting (:
Try Sea Change by Aimee Friedman.
lmao wow funny
Missing school made my day awesome xD lol.
You're mean, bitch.
So my home girl said she have sex with her man twice a month yet she don't think they relationship in trouble, WOWZERS!!! What y'all think?
under what? Joomla Service?
Agree or disagree,...Everyone needs, desires and should be loved. PERIOD. No one person is better than another. ♥ All.
but really to the line, " I'm going to make do much fun of you when you're 18." me and cashier cracked up. High-5 for mom's w/ a dark wit.
Eye contact. Love it.
checking email
PickUpLine: Do you believe in the hereafter? Then you know what I'm here after.
I hope your mom gets better(:
Yeah I think so because I've been having the same issues. Laggy and sometimes monsters just stop moving
Happy Mothers Day!!❤
We thank each and every one of you for visiting AudioADD.net and spending time with our content. Our readers are amazing!
Spent $9 on the lindsey lohan playboy, though I felt like a perv buying it
Awesome night last night. Best one in a long ass time
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
now following;)
contact if you want to take an amazing class taught by J. Buck Jabaily.
Catching up on news of the KDE-powered Spark tablet. Will send out good links later. Exciting stuff!
“..our species is young, and curious, and brave. It shows much promise.” ~ Carl Sagan
Happy birthday to the homie enjoy your day.
Valentine's Day is tomorrow my daughter is my Valentine's always Love u Pumkin Mommy's baby
someone come redhill with me tmrw?
On the come up
I hate negative ppl they always got something negative to say
WOW! What a great FF championship game! Congrats Tx A&M on your first FF & first win in school history! Great game ladies!
thanks for the add Sistar.
thinks jason stathom is sexy
Thanks for posting this . I will be submitting for some auditions ,
the txts are delayed
#Quote by Abraham Lincoln: Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Thanks for one heck of a show today. Happy Easter to you & your family. Thank them for sharing you with us today.
# #PeopleNeedToStop sending people fake freebies. Follow us for real free samples today.
Got a solo in Apologize!!:D
There will be snacks.
I hope iam not going 2 be late 4 the bus
game on RT : Ready for baseball? Three weeks from today #Pirates pitchers and catchers report to Bradenton. Let's go Bucs.
HAH! following that logic maybe the atrocious timing of red lights is meant to encourage red light running and more profit!
Avengers was great. 3lb 3D glasses sucked. Get your nose a stunt double if you see it in 3D.
I haven't done it on mine yet
Who do you think you are... I AM!
Wonder what happened at the track meet between shady and liberty
rattle a few off...get me in the car. Lol.
I don't believe that you are the real Bill Murray. Can you prove it?
look-alikes, delirium, dj booth, shots, twin female djs, randomly running into dc peoples, private cars, and losing my voice. typical LA
where did you go to school for photography ?
EVERTHING MUST GO !!! UP TO 65% OFF !!! FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
she can sing, demi can sing. Why can't their be a duet? Does it matter by their reputation if they can do a duet or not?!
God is moving right now on your behalf. What are you doing?
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 88
0 Award for Best Alignment of Sales & Marketing
BUT I DONT FOLLOW YOU RT : I hate both of yall!!
So, Mother's Day is a different kind of bad than Saw 2/3/4, but still bad.
I could see you being a mixture of meg and stewie <3
With McBride & Esperanza in the front ranks, it couldn't B a betta time 4 the bass. Yahoo!
Looking forward to the event tonight.
Woot!! There's AWESOME POWER girl herself LOVE the new avatar!! YOU ROCK! =D
did u try cartoon hand signals?
Thanks, Nina! e-hugs! “: Thank you!!! #thankateacher #teacherappreciationweek”
you're welcome. Glad you came! It was a delicious meal at They know how to make seriously good - and fun - !
Just saw you on NBC Nightly news! Can't wait to see their profile on you
HAPPY EASTER ERRBODY!
What art offers is space - a certain breathing room for the spirit. John Updike
thanks for the dm. tried to reply but need a follow first
Let's do it! It may even be ready before you go on tour. We WOULD have to drink a bunch of bottled beers first though.
Right, with the Roman Empire and their plans to take over the earth. Theme was spot on for your ‘world peace’ statement.
Been a day of fishin' now for some country music HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO Y'ALL! BE SAFE YEEFRICKIN'HAW #not drunk
not sure just decided too haha!
nah its cool ^.^ but it was awsome!
i always forget on sundays that a new episode of Khloe & Lamar is on, & it makes me do mad! Hopefully my mom recorded it!<3
I have officially become Joel from Parenthood the TV show.
are you one that wishes death upon me?
I didn't send it to anybody!!
Ahh, makes sense! Thanks.
what did you buy?!
See Wendy Williams Without Makeup in Stunning Makeunder
Excellent! Canons ought to be lovingly lugged.
Well yeah, just push the button. Who couldn't do that?
I have two Matt Wertz CDs. He played at my summer camp like 3 years in a row.
Had dinner at my stepmoms parents house. Super loud here, had to escape and go outside.
And why is he a dillhole??
Happy Holidays! Remember to be safe.
It's Time To Get Ya Shit .. Don't Forget To Close The Door
Help yourself & others create wealth by helping people save money by shopping online. Simple. Easy. Beautiful! www.marketamerica.com/lasko
Not sure how I feel about the NYT's headline for article on Ferriero: "Collector in Chief Hoards Nation’s Irreplaceable Stuff" (1/2)
Obviously I do. Lol
Thanks for the shout-out to Beezow!
Not going to Owens Party?
So... Did you read it?? #FromTheMixedUpFiles Hope your travels are amazing!
Yay :) Kennedy did really good at the drill meet!
Enjoying a lunch break with Nathaniel Philbrick's "Why Read Moby Dick?"
Thanks for The Retweets!
I love you too! Thank you so so much.
TREES going up in smoke all over the Nation.
...good morning family* -Distractions can and will be seductive, and they also make it very easy to procrastinate* (But merely filling you…
Many words can describe this #Knicks season. I'd say the one that sums it up best is "bizarre."
SICK.. this is such a bummer. Should be an interesting night at work.
STARBUCKS HAPPY HOUR TODAY!!!! #COFFEE!!!
Maybe you should take a nap.
it's more calm and the water is nicer
Good morning! I am healing!
"No big deal" #ConversationFail choose your words wisely
S/o too them pretty bytChez :D
RIP Dick Clark. Ball dropping will never be the same.
i'm mad now i want to fight
New Orleans, LA - need females for photoshoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 300 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
music is whats up
To my right is pissed off white trash redneck conservative, and to my left is aging hippie liberal douche.
or i must be daydreaming because girl your like a dream come true. ;)
Can food drive all day! Put your canned goods out for your carriers to collect today please and thank you 😃
Be as you wish to seem. -Socrates
It's not like you care .
Okay, got a nice list. Give me a day or so, it's Oscar time! Thanks everyone.
"We experience moments absolutely free from worry. These brief respites are called panic." -Aphorist Cullen Hightower
WAR Scarecrow!! RT : ONLY #100 FOLLOWERS TO GO BEFORE I GIVE MY WALKOUT SHIRT FROM ON FOX TO A RANDOM FOLLOWER!!!
Motivational seminar motivating backups on I 5 & Barbur this AM
Totally want an underwater housing to shoot with!!! AH >:D
I feel so weak around you. I can't help but text you. 😔
anyone wanna do some collab parts for me? please. so i can upload the mega-multifandom collab this weekend! (:
I never change this is Tigg every day :P
M... Doesn't caramel drizzle make everything better? Having a bad day? Caramel drizzle!
so prob no Black & Mild smoking in the bathroom either then eh?
I'm good, freezing at the moment. lol What are you up to?
Pay Per View? RT : Oh. But going to the movies would mean getting out of bed.
Orange juice fye
Wish I could be there. Client meetings want me here in DC. Have fun!
Just spent a hundred dollars on tiger stuffed animals. I'm so happy.
Great meeting with potential new biz partner today. Things are moving fast..its about time.
your eyes are pretty lol
Any thoughts on how to avoid having DFLL break a Feedburner RSS feed, which seems to choke in characters at <title type="html">?
follow me please <3
Pensoft plans to Launch Biodiversity Data Journal.
Yum!!!! Hope you guys are having fun :)
Ah, I see, so your presence was meant to imply that the event was green... I think I would have what you did.
So when & throwing that pool party :) #Bowwownation #TeamBreezy let me know
Kids choice awards are tonight yeah buddy
I suppose, and that's why they suck.
ooopsie tell rasheeda I said happy birthday
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Kobe is excellent but no mj. MJ doesn't get behind by 30 in the playoffs to a team no stars, flu or no flu.
Congratulations to you on being one of the Top 10 winners of the PARMA Competition!
12 more days until Incubus at the Riverside. Stoked!
Not everyone can be a "Barbie"....some ppl should identify themselves as "Rag Dolls"!! #Random thought
hi I was just wondering if the conference call numbers are local or long-distance or toll-free? thanks
V-Mart
Great way to support our locals! RT : just read about Cash Mobs in Inc magazine last week. What a great concept.
it's cause y'all are the cosmetic queens, no one has y'alls skill lol ☺
aw, sorry to hear that. I lost my cat to cancer about a year and a half ago - that was really rough.
hmm that doesn't sound good! :/
Gruden's QB Camp on ESPN is a little bit too inside baseball - even for me.
your welcome.. : )
Keeping your job 101: learn to let go of your passion for beautiful websites and web standards, and just do what the client wants. :-/
- Thanks Meg! I hope your advisor liked them too.
Check the website for upcoming events. LIKE us on Facebook!
Working on my SXSW Interactive schedule...one of my favorite weeks of the year.
Do you want to check out the studio Wed.?
A race against the sunset for Richard Jackson's Accidents in Abstract Painting flight...suspense, art, performance
Damn it! I needed gas a drove right by Sam's club
Mrs Peel and Steed will always be the #1 Avengers in my heart.
#DontThinkJustBecause u famous you aint human
hahahhahahhahahahahahahahahaha that tweet just killed me
IDK how we have marble beer on tap. That is the only good thing about our Hotel
RT : There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
Tried to brush my teeth with my left hand. Felt mentally handicapped.
The first condoms in the U.S. were made from vulcanized rubber in the 1870s.
Melanie Fiona's new cd is awesome…and she's a total babe too
Some guy just sat down at my table at this restutant. Is this the MOST awkward feeling? There's a good chance of it.
my only thought is obv people in MO MN & CO have zero knowledge of political history. Do they wonder why Santorum got voted out of office?
Man it amazes me of how much of a nerd I can be.
And/Or #BabyZent ? <-- bringning this one back
Great way to meet people or come out of your shell - VOLUNTEER at the sign in table at #BASHH! Who's up for it!? :) cc
There's a brother at UofC who is working on this exact issue via a nationwide tuition cap campaign. I can DM his info if interested
Power went out at work. So, we went to Bar Louie. Good times.
the awkward moment when you're missing derby for the first time in 6 years....
no disrespect ! I said that I love his tweets !
Fresh Is A Way Of Life
Thank you! KC is a good friend of mine - we went to college together and she is a theater director in PA now. Thanks so much!
We're off and running at the Monona Grove boys track and field incitational at MG Hight School at John Klement Stadium.
So hungry my stomach is cramping. HURRY GRAMMMMMAAA.
Step 3: Setting up Personal Learning Env. #PLE Found top blogs in Photography (top 100, top 50, etc.); next is newsreader; using bloglines
Is he talkingg about me ?!
i think you will be crispy and delicious.
I know! Agreed to this 1st. Have game center app though
Are tanning beds REALLY bad for you in moderation during the summer? Just curious. Anyone wanna chime in?
Woo-hoo! Passed 2,000 followers over the weekend! Thx to of Humanity Healing International for being our 2,000th follower.
Do! Joel and George Sanders just had conversation about weird name spellings while being chased by police.
Casting call all done. Time to film the trailer
oh no! really? u liked that one? i didn't think it was that funny. step brothers though...classic!
Rogue federal agents feel defied they're going to teach me an 18 year long message that's so out of hand #deathPenalty is on the table
- talking in the #library is ABSOLUTELY encouraged! & can connect u w/ Chicago libs
Had a fantastic time @ the #decaturbookfestival Sad to leave behind the amazing folks I met. But I'm feeling inspired again. DTW here I come
“: I LOVE your DP!” thanks cutie (:
My mom is going to the nato summit. What is that?
Mix crush potato chips with pretzels, peanut butter and dark semi chocolate chips. Enjoy with a cold cola...very good for any sweet tooth!
ALL SHE NEEDS IS CHEESE.
As I listen to Robbie Williams on , I'm reminded of how talented the dude is. Brash and British, his music is rad.
RE: signs in #Lau about #OccupyDC: For the record, if you go to Georgetown there's a large chance you're not "the 99%"
Not sure if Saks was the best fit for this TV show. IJS...
lmao...like I said, we will be very accomplished. Hope men aren't intimidated by our awesomeness haha
you have school tomorroww?
Congrats to Kastaway for a successful album release concert at Beer Co! <3
Do not bother about folks stealing your ideas. If your thoughts are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
On our way to Universal Studios Hollywood! Both of our first times!
+!!_|~ THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I hate when that happens.
": Wrote a good one today. Can't wait to play it for y'all!"> can't wait for this!
“: "For anything that cannot be marketed will inevitably vanish." Nicolas Bourriaud” some days are better than others.
Thank you for your kind message. Scary to put myself out there, but if it makes animals' lives better, it's worth it.
I know <3 he really is a good guy
hot sex & cold wine... she left that nigga hanging like a clothes line...
Reach for the stars so if you fall you'll land on a cloud.
HAPPY 31 BIRTHDAY!!! HOPE U HAVE THE BEST B-DAY EVER!! <3333 :)
Hahahaha“: I was the reporter for the CJ and had fewer followers than , I too would be bitter”
are you 80 yrs old? when are you having dinner?? 4pm? You can meet up with my grandma at the Golden Corral :)
hey there! I'm booking a show 6/3 at Zydeco! or 216-240-7582 for more info :)
dont think my makeup could get anymore dragqueen today
Tip of the day: If you don't want to get a parking ticket then alls you got to do is put your hazards on.
Howdy! Thanks for following! Hope you dig the show!
Anybody have connections to ? Cause I really want to do a video for him
We need to stop complaining about this game, damn it. Last time I checked we were still in it.
Anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart.
Be consistent with your branding across your social media sites
GAIN 3.1 released today on ! You can now upgrade with iOS 5.0 or higher + bug fixes & on boarding improvements.
Thanks for coming out last night Mr Mayor!
her van has a 301 with a supercharger and 4.10 gears, its pretty boss its almost faster than my mustang cobra!!!
{Want to do something with real objects? Make the physics right - perfect. Now give it to an engineer. Imperfect but realistic.}
Have him hold the asprin between his cheeks?
How now, brown cow? With digestive fluid you say? Along with some hay?
N-Judah hit man at Civic Center. Driver broken up as expected.
Race moved to the 27th, coverage at 7:02, green flag at 7:27 .... coincidence? I think not!!
#whoeverimarry I will stick with for richer or poorer thru sickness and health til death do us part
I think I was just #SUBTWEETED LOL THANKS HIM!
:: I don't care how it "feels" -- it is not Friday yet. Please don't get my hopes up.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand how movies make relationships look so easy
Who's #readyfortheweekend?
Thinkin about the shit I need to do before I leave Wed. Nails, hair, massage, laundry, wax, pack.. Egh! Seems like this list will never end!
THE WORLD IS WITH YOU THE WORLD IS WATCHING
A fabulous mission! So thankful for support like this. “: 72 Days till #newbounce get icy www.icemen.bebold.org.uk #alopecia”
In 98's isn't fc Dallas in first place?
It was amazing, and intense, and powerful. Really makes the everyday bull seem small.
Selfmade Thursdays 10 N.Center St Orange NJ $5 mixed drinks $20 Sangria Pitchers free buffet, crazzyy djphatboy on da set get there early
#messi. Without Iniesta and xavi is just another player ..not the best in the world !
I'm already super stoked from the photos!
More Chris Rock please!
You guys are about to experience a Peaches crowd on steroids. GOOD LUCK!
Best advice on bldg empathy I've seen-chap 9, Buddha's Brain, Hanson & Mendius.
New nickname for Sproles: Happy Feet!
PLEASE TWEET ! she is thinking about committimg suicide :( Please stop her! She LOVES you!
OLS wants to emphasize re-use of data bein generated.
BREAKING: Police/fire at scene of suspicious death Skyline Blvd & W Burnside. Body found *not* in home. Stay tuned
yea I know ! And can we rent cabins?
It kills me that I hurt you this way. I know that I've let you down. I know that you deserve much better. But that doesn't make it easier.
Tickets still available for "Urbanized" tonight at 7pm! Hope to see you here!
One person ruined my day but they guys mae it better hehe
Had the most wonderful nap didn't want to get up but back to work I go..
back at you!
sept... u need to push that date up to a summer month
#Top100Lies I'll do it tomorrow...
Oh crap... RT owner Doug Manchester wants the North County Times, too. voiceofsandiego.org/environment/mu…
Wants to follow me<3 if he does my life will be complete.(:
Hey get to go on a date with me.
I get lots and lots of homework in all subjects! Do you have end of year exams? :)
can not wait till i have my day off on friday
haha, nothing is happening tonight. I can guarantee you that!
It is baseball season and we have great #rockies gear for the
#J14Loves1D #WhatMakesMeBeautiful is the fact that I don't believe in wearing makeup. Beauty comes from your soul <3
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
and support the future of Education and Students in America!
Any body else notice #dondraepers daughter is like 33 now?
": some motherfuckers , get on my damn nerves"lol ..who you tellin
This 2nd period has been nerve-wracking
Matter your Lightsaber size does not, how you use it will.
I dont feel I have too ^-^
Happy #CincoDeMayo Everyone!!!!!!!
anyone know where we can get large amounts of ice cream? The New Years show should have sprinkles and be served in a waffle cone.
To think, i could be fishing right now!
It's too early for this nonsense. Coffee and some sustenance are needed.
Missing Cheetos really bad right about now..lol
Reminder: All Threaded Type tees are only $16, no code needed just shop away! www.ThreadedType.com
Yea fuck the world
Sounds like we had great ladies as moms. Mine was a Tigers' fanatic. 😊. Have a great Mother's Day!
thanks hon
Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same. ~Francesca Reigler
I love sleep, but never get it!
Movie night, House of Wax :)
Can't belive were losing!!! We got this Twins
Hello Pollen.. Hitting the 11.2 mark today.. 11.4 tomorrow.. and 11.7 on Friday.. stay indoors or prepared if pollen is the culprit!
free drinks now!!!! 4 beers of your choice. Show bartender. “: Happy birthday to me, ringing 25 in at #duh”
85 south. Hello, old friend.
My neighbors are having a bonfire in their back yard which is cool I guess, BUT MY ROOM SMELLS LIKE FIRE AND I CAN'T BREATHE. SEND HELP.
No better end to a long week than hearing my 5-yr-old girl hum the theme to the Godfather.
he kinda looks hot, right:$?
Those Who Follow ! Issues are Delaying Us From Going LIVE, We Will Do Our Best To Keep You Updated..!
In this sequel, e-book expert Polanka dives even deeper into the world of digital distribution.
hopefully getting paid soon buddy
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans marriage is between a man & a woman, & another woman, & a couple of other women
the news makes me depressed. -_-
Some days I really believe I am brilliant. Today is one of those days. Yesterday was not. If I ever get stuck on one side of this, I'm done.
Loving my family & my man to the max!!!
BO IM NOT ALLOWED TO FOLLOW ANY MORE PEOPLE UNTIL I GET MORE FOLLOWERS!!! THIS SUX
thanks for follow..we'll work together soon
I gotta get in front of a tv STAT!
oh shit....did I miss all the drama?!?! And of course Tim ran out the back door....haha!
DAMN DA WHOLE CLASS FINNA GET IN TROUBLE...LMAO LIKE RIGHT NOW
I really wanna wear my suede shoes...but I feel like that's just asking for it to rain.
Hahahahaha al revés! I do my drumming warm up and then gym workout! How about you lately?
A woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets, you guys #titanic'd
stop bribing people with your cupcakes
house arrest... ?
Retweet of you're feeling generous. We could always use more followers. Thanks again.
haha hey a way to get richer :D im gonna go watch some seinfeld ill talk to you tomorrow :D goodnight !
I was thinking about getting a ticket to see Once on Broadway over break, but I'm thinking I'll wait until the summer. Maybe July 4th at 2pm
I say you're all just too god damn sensitive.
Why can't all airports be like Tampa? Tampa airport is great. I am in San Diego in a ridiculously long line.
I wish I could be there! Practice tonight. RT : will I see you tonight?
That works :)
The Macon Telegraph, Ga., Ed Grisamore column - Chicago Tribune
Woot Woot! Glad ya like it :D RT I love that Tampico juice especially the red one lol :))
sup u!
Americans consume 34 teaspoons of sugar a day and have the highest obesity rate in the world, coincidence?
Man I bet #Obama is kinda regretting starting tht war over in Afghanistan . . . oh wait HE DIDN'T
And he'd finish it off with "...one score to bring them all and in his music bind them."
Bro Hit me up its Yoosuf
Had the most amazing #GF lunch today!! Mixed greens, tuna salad, flaxseed (used as the fork)! #healthy/happyeating!
's Creative Director, Lisa White, will explain Autumn/Winter 2012-13 Macro Trends at www.roomhomeintelligence.com in London!
FB has started rolling it out to fan pgs. About 1/2 my clients have this feature. Option appears in status updates
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy granny g
how big is the hail?
Hell yeah Harrison! Thanks for checking us out.
Life's too short to be a boring person.
We're so cool (:
In addition to a kind of turtle, a "loggerhead" is a tool used to melt tar or heat liquids. Who knew?
I hate the program River Deep!
And I’m seeing what you need and I’m thinkin’ it’s me
Not really surprised by NC decision. They don't really have a good track record when it comes to civil rights or progress.
Interview went well, now going to help a buddy move and then going to the gun range.
This time tomorrow it will be summer.
hey its my sweet16 birthday 1
yea ur lovely..where u from
Maybe billed in cycles or partial year? Just wondering if it's worth $150/yr (plus device purchase) for my limited usage.
Maybe I'll be back some day after my holiday.
So why did you guys sleep in or wake up super early on this awesome saturday?
Miami Heat is the most hated team in the NBA! Heat didn't even play today! But somehow we still get thrown in the mix cuz the lakers lost!
w00t! Happy #DigitalSisterhood Wed to both of you!
So my tattoo artist just emailed me the outline she drew up for the rest of my sleeve 😃 I LOVE IT !! 💗
we will be in the new house tomorrow! david says its a lot like yours...
too late!
It makes me tear up, too, because I'll be in Chicago, and performing when she plays there at the Vic! :(
Any AP'S of these prints or this was all she wrote?
is writing his #UArts speech. RT: I have no idea what to tell people graduating from college. I must pretend to be wise.
you don't know that ;-)
Kids are chanting ASAP during Exquire's set...
this is what happens when you actually go to bed at a decent time
omg these dms are going to kill me someday I swear -.-
hahahahaha cause they so burnt they get dehidrated.
Ok. If you don't want your paint scratched, I suggest you drive on the lawn.
:The #'s on ths scale mean nothing.Nourish your body. Move from joy.You can just BE the person you want to be. Starting NOW!
good job! Please don't watch next week!
Best Friends Forever is my new jam! Have you seen it yet?
I'm surprised at the way the Vikings and Colts have handled their personnel. A. P. Should not be the only star on offense. Colts come on man
: haha i understand it perfectly.! =P white girls just spray tan.! Lolz & ooh why thank you. ;)
#OneWordThatDescribesHer who is her
Celebrating a birthday with a special friend tonight. Cognac, cigars & chocolate cake! Gonna be a late night as it should be.
At Berlin w/ taking shots!!!!!
Hi, do you practice NLP? And do you like sci fi and fantasy?
been a customer since 04, n now I can't make calls in 3g, data goes out every day at the same time, n ur csr's are horrible n rude!
12 years ago today Britney released her 2nd album "Oops..I Did It Again" and shattered records when it sold 1.347 million copies in 1st week
FOLLOWERS.. Will u please LIKE us on FB? www.Facebook.com/MindMystifyingDesigns We got some GREAT #deals #contests and more :) (PLS RT)
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
I can spend hours upon hours viewing memes.
yes he is , he think he hip
hey ariana! how are you?
Sanders wants to spend taxpayer money on a new Chargers stadium when they're not even popular enough to sell out the first one. Ridiculous.
Need a cocktail already? Stop in for Happy Hour and get 2-for-1 on anything until 7:00!
Something I really like about the new printing system : I can do the actual printing part after the library closes
Off to work I go!
RT : hm lol u need to get it will bless u <<<< on payday fo sho lol
your website sucks.
Only the rule followers follow the rules...and believe me we are in the minority. -Me
assuming that burger's from riverside, and by MI4 you mean sandra & luis's show in lynchburg, then i'm all for patriotism
Happy Birthday
It's never too late to have a happy childhood. - Berkeley Breathed
Just submitted our files for the Wikipedian-in-Residence panel for AAM's Virtual Conference. No going back now!
Damn I 4got I had this CD. This cd will get u action!!! #NP Lessons in Love - Lloyd
this is a woman...apparently Satan had 2 children
should of came over
“: I might not be everything you ever wanted, but I’m always going to be more than you deserve.”
Scored an exit row seat!
Um are you also dying to know what makes Emily scream in her Barbie voice, "I have never been so angry!"
Drinkin like I 4 livers and 10 lungs , addicted to green money and black guns
your welcome handsome :)
Have to find time to sleep more so I won't be so exhausted
Da Sheckals will be releasing a new single in the coming months. It will titled "Bootymeat.".
When and you go bowling and see Johnny and Marshay. Em what did he say when u went to talk?
I still haven't even eaten today haha
Went outside for a half hour at work today and I'm already sunburnt. That's the life of a ginger!.
Who Need Professional Photos Done for an Amature Price
Hi ! Let me know if you have questions. :) cc
Also, genius strategy by Wade saving his energy for crunch time.
Reppin' red, white, and blue with some lunch!
It does help with the darker roasts. Depends on personal preferences. Did you like it?
give me a fake #right I mean give me a brake! split his tail!!!
Cowboys got better today when they released Newman.
I agree, this is not the right song for her...thematically.
Well done by Kevin Costner
something wild in Minnesota lol :)
RT : Suffered a setback lately? Fred Astaire got it right: "Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and start all over again!"
Ik way too many ppl in my family with cancer & too many friends....I pray for the day that cancer is just a zodiac sign 🙏
how could she hate ZAYN!? OMFG.
Get up. Stand up. -bob marley
I see the game for what it is. No matter which side of the budget repair bill issue u may be on, this is class warfare at it's finest.
pleased to meet you!
uh oh. good episode? watching it tomorrow.
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.
I know, and what about the preview for next week. Can't wait!
oh nvm I just saw the other one! haha I disagree he's awesome!!
Thank you for the follow as well! Have a great week Lubna.
DRAKE WEEK! you excited? <3
#askthestooges Larry Moe and Curly. Any relation to Father Son and Holy Ghost?
Had a dream that Mike Carp hit a 550 foot HR out of Safeco Field, baseball must be around the corner. 18 days till Spring Training!
sappy tweet, cookout with a great group. Love this.
what the fuck? its not sexxi its gay! Just like your sister says. your a faggot
webfaction's been treating us pretty well, but of course it depends on what sort of features you need.
Selection sunday is like christmas to some coaches and to others it's a nightmare. Best of luck to all the teams.
hey thx!! Hope you're well my friend!
Found an awesome new site for organizing my family: www.cozi.com.
At this rate, I'd say it's getting almost inevitable.
Absolutely. The timing sucks!
Yes I am! Soo glad lol
"I KEEL YOU!!!" - Jerky Boys
I'm boreed.
follow me:) I love You.. ♥
do whatever the cool kids at UCLA are doing ;)
See? Found a great profile picture! Ty and blessings
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate u giving me some head when we leave here right
Don't tell I'm doing IT Academy tutorials. Actually learned a lot from the beginner's Word session. Moving on...
What are some simple steps you take each day to support your local Economy? Let's start the conversation today!
Halloween! Love it!!
We are pledging to dig more into the underground music scene...got to do better!
Sure do!
Anytime for a fellow, passionate trainer :) You're in Yuma??? Why did I think you were in Indianapolis? Moved?
You're must be so naive not to know who you're?
Things are starting to get interesting...
“: so far 3 of my friends have shirts lmao they are excited” straight ridiculousness...
Homeowner struggling to make payments? Contact us to learn about all of your options&how a #shortsale can help www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
“: Blondes only trust a few. #thehairoscope” made me think of you cause were both blondes<3
Ugh im pissed!
Ain't that the truth...
RT : Wall Street calls Zuckerberg immature. What's really immature?: Crashing markets in '08 & not taking responsibility....
So I'm on my break and some ol man just licked his lips at me...
silly silly silly
The Libyan capital does not belong to Benghazi which historically is part of a differtent nation.
the weather is fucked up, first its hot now its cold
I'm ridin around and gettin it
A man bets his wife she cant make him happy & sad at the same time. She said "Your d*ck is bigger than your brothers"
I love when people doubt me,because it makes me try even harder <3
glad you like it dude!
More power than his dad, less than the female wretsler intern. C'moon! RT : And you wonder where Prince gets all that power
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight. Even tho this is a labor of love and it can get tough, i wouldn't change it for the world.
Thanks for coming last night y'all!
love thunder<3
I think liberals are just jealous of the wealthy and are secretly DYING to pay 15% taxes. Well WORK FOR IT, YOU LAZY POORS!
No problem, sweetie. :)
I'm so tired today. I didn't even do anything that required extreme work.
we loved The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel
“: Let's hear it for World Autism Awareness Day #WAAD x”
I'm so tired. Slap happy as fuck.
Ricky's hair
Funniest work email I've gotten ever. Can't believe this guy sent it to the whole company.
#Yankees and #Rays going at it right now. Meanwhile, everyone is panicking over the #RedSox after one game. Fun in the AL East!
I will not look in every burial urn... I will not look in every burial urn.... # skyrim
yeah makes him self stuter
How da fuck we have 5 people in foul trouble going into halftime?
When viewed from a non-mobile device, I should say...
Happy New Year everyone! 2012 will be A Time 2 Love!
This has been an intense round of the Local #ChefChallenge. 1 min left
#thingsiregret that's it. Everything else this year has been a learning curve or a great experience :-)
Hope everyone had a totally awesome Mother's Day Weekend!!
Its crazy what ur lady would do for a pair of lubes
G.M.N.I.: Two weeks. God willing.
Of course - we all are. I wonder why profs don't seem willing to build courses that will engage students on that level.
Y'all have no lives :P
I gave my dog peanut butter.. Lmfao!
So so so bored.... I wanna be back #Home!
got my nails done yesterday [:
get better(:
Its 11:11 so I made a wish...
American Violet.
Rough morning does not bode well for a good day. Oh well at least it's Friday!!
#TheWood my movie, one of my favorite throwbacks!
Help spread the word! Each time someone tweets #beatcancer 2day $.05 will be donated 2 charities & !
Don't forget to take your vitamins :)
My Man Blake! Love the Avi pics bro! That's the best fit 4 Payton! Rock On!
“: Ex-boyfriend's should stay ex-boyfriends...U left for a reason...”yes I agree
Looking at a lot of drawings and paintings on was a major ego boost.
Love getting asked back to speak places. It's the little things....
Updates from last night? NBA, MLB, NHL ?
On the plane with Juliette Lewis...yeah the homicidal maniac from Natural Born Killers. CHYEAH
LOL they do make a damn fine bbq chicken here.
Found a notebook in my bed. Apparently I woke up in the night to write "Novel Writing 2: Back in the Habit."
Zayn looks like a rapist
There are only so many firsts in life esp. w/ kids. How important is that happy hour? Only you can make the choice
It's gonna be hard *pauz but let's get this win.
I think they're actually doing a sequel to Twins with Ahhnold and DeVito!
Me and Steph on the beat thats a scary sight *Chief Keef voice lmao
Awesome video JAJA!!! Y'all keep on doing your thing
Thank you for leading today, Matt. The topic was huge for me this week, and I'm thankful for all you guys.
Are you having a good day?
I've read tons of glowing reviews; can't wait to get it over here.
The last good thing i have left and you had to go. Perfect!
Thank you and for coming by tonight! I look forward to working with you both!
The moment your born you have less time to live your life. It's time to start living your life.
Weird Al is ok when he pokes fun at songs I don't like, but he needs to back up off my favs. :-/
This gives me two correct predictions of who the Ravens would get. Upshaw and Streeter.
Thanks for the follow Jess! Have a good one :)
we don't pop collas we pop colla bones lmao
My bestfriend is not on :(
"The future of the world would be assured if every child was loved." -Dr. Bernie Siegel
RT : Sen. Dorgan | North Dakota will soon become America's 2nd most productive energy state |
head bobbin lyrics of #wutang with the soul groovin instrumentals of #budosband staten island's finest 10 piece funk band?
I can't follow anyone. When is this twitter bug going to be fixed?!
Thank you for joining us where we just enjoyed a gorgeous #Hawaiian sunset and a bottle of
Morning Jim!
Sold my bike today, already hunting for a new one :)
We have a spring break trip!!! To mississippi
that duality and instant availability is best example of social media at its finest.
yeah, B1G gonna b about OhioState & UM again. with Buckeyes being stronger. Urban has that passion again. he is home.
you are a crazy driver! D:
my first real hack!
StarFest 2010 in Denver next weekend!!!! So excited!!!!
love love it, share that yesterday. Best part: "Less marketing douchebaggery" :)
the best of luck to you love :*
Firm in RVA has an immediate need to fill in administrative position and is seeking recent college grads. RT
Playing 2k at crescent by myself
Should've spent night reading. Instead I procrastinated by voting, eating, cleaning, folding laundry, &watching TV. Now must read.
It's awkward having the office kitchen right next to the bathrooms and having to hear women unspool ungodly amounts of TP while I eat.
Rappers talkin bout they CEO's with no type of publishing distribution or budget jokers
Again Bridget blogged onflaming volume
cannot wait until believe. Turn to you was amazing, image a whole album! thank you. Love you .xx
I love lazy Sundays. Happy Easter!
just heard you on Madison radio - welcome to the isthmus. Go badgers!
that's exactly what we gon do
. Thank you Senator for standing up for what are basic human rights, & demanding dignity & honor from our Commonwealth of
I'm good:-) Happy dec.6 Hope all is well:-)
good job, swami!
If they think they can salvage it, then yes, that works, too. RT : can we give it to the Navajo and Apache?
I got your point. I'm just saying that D is still the least of Laker issues. Team needs to continue to improve offensively.
is it ok for a guy who is in a relationship to go out for just drinks with a female friend?..best answer is if I have to ask then its not
ditto me for hockey. do they still have teams in Canada? RT To me, the NBA playoffs exist only on Twitter
If it weren't for UW alumni #smbmad wouldn't have such a great venue. One Woot Woot for Best mascot ever
#workflow been here 3 hrs got 11more hrs to go- Gotta love working in the medical field long hrs.. HUGE pay check .. $$$ make me _ _ _ ;-)
Can't wait until tomorrow, scraps all day.
Why do celebs #tweet how they really feel & then apologize? #Opinions are like buttholes
Is there any city you would rather be in than CHICAGO when it is this nice out?
As hard as it is, sometimes you just need to put on your big girl undies and move on...
Dona Ana Co. Detention Center director: "We’re stacking, packing and racking them to make them all fit."
They do because I keep getting circle follows from non Germanic languages-- ha
Things are slightly more under control. Thanks for the help. Galleries still need to b rearranged. But that can b done on Mon.
yep, just guessing. And you'd need to client-side subtract them from results for a more pure geo search
Will the Governator become the king of illegitimate kids? Has Shawn Kemp been officially dethroned? (props to show horse Travis Henry)
Washing your sheets every week.
i cant believe will is still following this account T_T :P
one of my closest friends is a huge fan as am I do you think you can give her a shout out her name is rebel thank you.
A fabulous group of 20-somethings in #Boston were just sent invitations to a ConnectingCircle to meet new local friends!
Only five days left to take advantage of free shipping!
tfuu is that?
I'm so pissed when I went to the grocery store they didn't have any milk. Fucking Lebron's fault
Thanks for bringing great music to Milwaukee for the last 20 years!
HEY PEOPLE, Being in a relationship is a full-time job. Don't apply if u're not ready & don't give the position to everyone that applies.
positive cash flow in 90 days - he should find lots of proposals that will be able to do that
Lakers bench is almost non-existent.
Graduated today. Threw down a #belt after.
C# question then I'm off to feed the zoo. Can I do a DateTime.ParseExact when I don't have delimiters in my date? ie 4122009 ?
Thanks so much for the follow!
NO ididnt drink alot, just a beer and a shot but the shot was watered down by pepsi THATS ITT
If I'm Ridin passenger seat in your car and some dumb ass wanna act stupid and pisses me off; I'm beapin the horn if you don't.
Work at 2
oh shit, puddle of mudd? MAYBE IM THE ONE, schizophrenic psycho yeuhhhhhh
She's at work bby, she won't reply now.
I know!! It would have been great to see you in person! Next year :)
If you drink more Pomegranate White Tea than I do, you do not exist.
Bless up mi fren, a you name whe yu name an yu name cyaa change!! Yu good man.
... It appears that there may be some decrement in psychomotor skills premenstrually and during the early part of menstruation.
next pay check I'll pick up something nice for you and nee :)
Yes! RT : Congrats to in his unanimous win in ! Thx 2
At this rate, I will be packing for Boston on the way to Midway.
hopefully it will determine whether states rob the taxpayers to fund insanely risky and expensive ventures like video games.
its a line from a Lupe fiasco song
You can take mine, too! RT : Night-walk is my favorite walk.
you are so gross! I burned off 600 calories doing an hour on the eliptical.
It wasn't for lack of trying. I just like how my hair looks better. My hairdresser next month is gonna be like WTF? haha
Don't forget to follow us at Twitter:
When we have to pick partners to work with and everyone picks me i feel cool
. Yes, please do. Thank you for the news!
#OneDay, we'll all shine, turn Earth n2 a SuperNova, swallow up the sun!! <3
freaking gross
I did friend you I believe, no Clan Ops scheduled yet. the last one we got Silver,Elite had issues so all clans get 500xp anyway.
you can keep insulting me.
Ashley, Tashonda and Stacey have been hard at work making the BoutiQue at BodyTrends South amazing!!! You must go in and see!!
Are they textbooks or just books?!
Hope your tummy gets better soon. waht a pain to have an upset stomach.
You are a one-way mirror.
So much for the #eagles going after Kuechly in the draft.
well i think you just got lucky this time
O: HARSH!!
I don't want your bitch. Oops I mean hoe. Fuck my bad your girlfriend *
i hope she did !! she can get me if she want me !! lol
Worst AB of the season. Ugh
First cousin marriage is legal in #NorthCarolina?! #fail #equality "All it takes for [hate] to triumph is for good men to stay silent."
Met the core of Young London tonight. About 20 teens freaking out over my American accent on the tube. oh, they were on their way to a rave
No matter how strong of a person you are, there's always someone who can make you weak.
Anyone in Miami tonight?
Exhibit opening at Tampa Bay History Center on Sat $5 - Blue & Gray in Tampa Bay: the Civil War on Florida's Gulf Coast
These recipes have a glaring lack of liquid nitrogen, now that I think of it.
its cool my girl has those nights too and I do too lol
went out and got a road bike. Starting Monday I will be starting to go really hard. Hopefully the weather stays good
heard it all before... Lol
How do all locations have an endless supply of dope music?
What are some of your favorite words? "A Word About Words" and her readers share their fav's, what are yours?
I wish I could kiss you again.
The toy can be used in several different ways.
ok, I'll ask the Prepared Foods Team, I know we do carry it at our Fremont, Hollywood, and Laurelhurst locations.
About to go for a run & then to feista tx!
come up here scooter!
Closing the office. Have a good weekend, everyone!
Pencil in Stephon Gilmore as an opening day starter for the
I Grew Up On The Other Side... GETTIN IT INN
Test time bitches
Thanks for your support in stopping the #"Glass Box" on the upper #Terrace All Alumni thank you.
Today's the day all my friends travel the globe and I weep. France, Prague, China, etc. I can't wait another month! :(
I deserve so much better...
and Convey should have a field day with whoever this right back is for LA. Not so good. Getting torched by Nguyen from NE.
re Sarah Phillips...I can't get over that we live in a world where is providing key evidence in the hijacking of
Too soon. I need to let it rest and recuperate for at least 24 hours.
This is some bad sardines.
idunno, errybody been locked out lately D:
The get down
Some people find answers, some people find problems.
Thought for the Day...There is a Difference between a Hair Stylist and a Hair Care Provider.
Oh my that hurt.
thanks Patrick! We sure do appreciate it : )
omfg I have a question
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
i have never wanted to not come back to chicago that badly in my life. california has magical powers.
Just met a lady from Argentino that didn't speak English.. New Fan! I used my awesome foreign language skills, also met a lady from China!
iA Writer does it pretty well via iCloud. Simplenote / Notational Velocity is okay.
I have been communicating with Kent directly and offered to host him back Hopefully he will say Yes!
I like eggs.
(Walks out the airport, feels slight arrest) "...OMG!!...it's COLD!!" (Looks down at sandals on feet) ☹
The Divorce rate is higher that ther Marriage rate that's why many couples keep thier name!!
lol thanks bro thats only 2 out of 20 im gonna use all of them for my tape, do you need any? i still have 55 unused samples
ComedyTV show went off with out a hitch, thanks 2 everyone 4 ur prayers & sa port & especially Byron Allen 4 again reaching out 2 me.
Stacy Robinson w/ --> Rest in Peace bro!!!
Hey! I'm so glad you thought of me! Let's definitely put something on the calendar soon. I'll send you my avails by Friday! :)
TONIGHT - UV Friday & NIGHT LIGHTS with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Curtis Dirt, Xavier & Morningstar along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!
Thanks to everyone for the love and support:"Without You" Apache Chief feat. Denny Love on iTunes!!
Common - Blue Skies
Yeah, it's fixed. I thought I had blocked them, but I hadn't. I did now, so it should be good now.
Good is not good where better is expected.
Most people get mad when a social network is having problems,how about getting of your ass & doing something? Theres a world out there lol
Hah if you got a bunny what would you name it
#whodat say they gonna beat them saints? #saintsfootball :) <3
Don't forget to check out the details of the soccer tournament we are having under our events section here on Facebook!
Finished The Hunger Games series at 4 in the morning. It was so good!
1 teenage VoiceOver booking, 1 young mom commercial callback, & 1 Pre-K Shakespeare class means 3 very different wardrobe changes today
Remixed to the point of unrecognizable.
... One critical question using SSD as a cache or storage tier is dependent on endurance/reliability of flash
That moment when you shoot a basketball through the hoop and you feel like a god.
no where near there n happy to say that!!! Lol...
Just had a fascinating talk with a guy from BP about oil spill data preservation - and hes not even here for
hmm, I'm thinking so much for pedicabing tonight, looks like more severe weather... :(
Still going to Corey Hart & Daniel tonight?
this has officially been the longest day ever.
So it is National doughnut day on Saturday, I might have to head to the and celebrate!
Today is mandatory REST day...morning feels so off!
been fabulous. And you? What's new and exciting?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 50
What's going on in the sunshine state? So far this season, only the Jags have won a game. They got the upset over the Texans!
HES NOT PLAYING NOW IT FIGURES THE LINE MOVEMENT! I ALREADY HAVE THEM
I'm in daddy mode.....daddy son weekend kicking off....with hair cuts...then I'm taking my son too the studio later.. LEGACY !!!
dam i really thought about it and your crazy! Not only are you a SEAMONSTER but a ZOMBIE !
opening up the twitter, the FB page, the website... cause the first gig was that HOT! boston will now be Federated forever.
FDMF is off and running..... rumors around the social networks are saying there could be more news to come ;-)
I'm pretty sure this paper is dismantling my synapses, one at a time. WHY IS THIS SO HARD WE ROCKED THAT CLASS.
1 Thessalonians 5:16-18...that's who you are--thanks for keeping it positive!
Would be so nice if my house would clean itself!
Discovered an amazing writer - Mikhail Shishkin.
Where do we know each other from?
I can only imagine!
through refresh. that way, people just follow refresh on twitter, or sub to the mailing list & get the community info that way
ready for to screw up our home playoff games they will be no help and shit the bed not to be negative but they really are bag heads
#myweddingsong One less lonely girl.
Oh no. LOL
obey is like my fave word now
It's funny how often comedy isn't.
Sittin outside waitin for this damn class to start!!!!
Everyday is Halloween in Baltimore
talked to people there and listened to there stories. But damn their lives are bad
I love the way the air feels outside when it is getting ready to storm.
Ditto! Except I've been there, and I love it there. RT : I will go to Vegas with you anytime — never been :)
I just ran into your jefe at #sxsw Haha. He's every where at once!
What kind of restaurant would you open? Ethnic? Fast food? Upscale? What do you like to cook?
Urr welcome! You seem like a pretty cool person... and it definitely shows through your music... (I'm buying them on iTunes). =]
I hate time changes! Its barely 3am vegas time and I'm wide awake :(
I think I can fit that in my schedule
Going nowhere fast we've, reached our climax
F.ck Yeah man. It makes this harder. Difficult? :O xx.
Sometimes I don't feel like being nice.
yea they were made it home now watchin da game go BULLS
what caraway???ha
tell me why my nigga looks JUST like Mac Miller
I feel like something is missing. I wish she would've added some jewelry like a bold cuff or earrings.
Someone sent me some Grape Mad Dog 20/20! That ain't wine, that's swine!
Heading out to provide limousine service to for our event here at noon. Sadly, the Porsche is in the shop ;)
This #newtwitter is going to take some getting used to...
Christens sleeping over (:
First shutout at the new Yankee Stadium
emailed da track lemme knw when u get it n if u fukkin wit it
it was suppose to be in 80's its not just your phone
Shouting out for my favorite JAY Z song,
Watching an old Sesame Street with Grace. Meaning I'm watching a very young Natalie Portman sing to Big Bird about change....
<3 we need more fans like you :)
On behalf of jzinonos, moët tweets :We've got a rare item "Mana crystal" on the way of Adventure. heehaw
your my favorite ❤
I could NEVER have a tarantula for a pet....I have a fear of spiders!
whoa....thats ridiculous. Sorry to hear that happened!
Get rid of the egg. Come on already. If you're going to do this, do it right. No more egg.
Of course, but also delighted! Congrats! “: would you be sad if I told you that we're completely sold out all weekend?”
Give a F*#% who u put in bet not run left towards Briggs!!!!
that is just... no. evict. BE THE B IN APT 23! DO IT.
Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top follow me and help me make my bff's dreams come true.
CONGRATS! RT : I am honored to be recognized as a Microsoft MVP for the sixth consecutive year.
Christian County 27 Warren Central 26 Overtime-- FINAL
idk where to start I mean if u wanna hear
Finally got to see Jaden!!! (: made out in the back of his mom's car while his mom was talking me home haha
that's it. if I hear the word content creation one more time today, i'm gonna pull a double van gogh.
They Give U The Hips Pa La Gozadera(; Lml
Boston Casting seeks baseball players as extras for the film "RIPD" starring Jeff Bridges. Email with photos.
Hey peeps...follow 😊
Now she's having beef stew...
if by _owned_ you mean Cryami is flopping like a fish outta water, yes. Cryami Refs.. NBA Champs.
It is so hot inside my house -.-
It sucks when you're ignored by the one person who's attention means the world to you on my mama
ahahah i lost a follower because of it O.o
I bet everybody's bottoms puckered when it thundered at 6p
Open Letter to The Most Interesting Man In The World: You, Sir, are a snore. Sincerely, The Thin Handsome Smokers.
I never watched Cinderella last night. By the time I remembered it was 11:30 pm.
Are the Panthers a ruby team??
Days like today make me miss my convertible.
#YoMommaSoFat she bleeds cooking oil.
i was thinkn since i gave u my # on fb u never used it u said ud text me and still havent hm really a great friend huh lol
Nothing like hearing reggae and soca on the radio!
Fuck it lm go in all my niggas work places and tell them to tell they bosses to kiss they ass cause they quit...
Sounds like fun!
I'm an old guy..but I've used your music over & over again to reach kids I would've never been able to otherwise! God Bless
Crap. I need to stop tweeting haha
2night on tour
Monday is the best day of the week to stop for moment and give thanks for the beauty of the tulips and the perfect song of the robin.
Well the Cowboys just proved how terrible they are without Romo... Babe Laufenberg just called them the Indianapolis Colts
Orangutans harbor ancient primate Alu
Guys: No Shirt, No Service! Girls: No Shirt, No Charge!
Have you tried clearing cache? A corrupted CSS can cause buttons to vanish; maybe this too?
On that purple stuff!
That's what did it! Thank you for addressing the #ADA from an architect's viewpoint.
you have a "dungeon" that is so cool! do you have a moat also??
well didn't have the exact stat but he was in foul trouble is all I know.
Are you enjoying it so far? I use coupons a lot..but wow.. One time saw a lady in front of me at HEB had so many so went 2 next
Megaphone show - A SUCCESS! Thanks for letting me tell stories about my grandma and high school narcissism!
I know I suck at getting a hold of sometimes but text me 911 next time & I'll come running :)
thanks for the follow back babygirl
done with it IDC .
who's storming the bastille in Milwaukee during frenchyfest?
I'm still waiting for the clouds to part open to the swinging fist of an omniscient music nerd.
Going to have a Salmon burger and fries
It was awesome. Small, but awesome. Close to McPherson. And bedbuggy.
Who do I start this week? Colby Lewis at Cleveland, or Warley at Washington?
what socks did you get?!
I love how I'm learning about foreign affairs and int'l relations in a class no way related to that topic.
Lil Wayne - Prom Queen - 05:41 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Just Like underwear Password should be changed often! :)
I'm assuming they will be mailed to us? Idk, I haven't checked my mail yet today.
Ready for bed.
Hello Dave..Rob in New Orleans..Saints vs Rams this year..who dat? lol
2. to be heard the first time, not having to repeat themselves
There's a reason why I never want children and it's because of all of the kids that come in at Lowe's. I wanna beat the fuck out of them.
I can always turn to him...No Matter What
Sounds like someone is having a craving!
discussing FAQs on #feedisclosure. Model portfolios are more like "guide" and not desig inv alternative unless buying equity unit
Thanks for the follow!
They Can Hear Our
You know it's time to leave your job when you start dreading Monday on....saturday morning.
the weather on the news better turn off at 8PM so glee can come on
Lynn: Dealing with lots of corporations. Intense copyright search needed. Don't want to make folks mad!
. Dana Milbank's piece today argued that by pointing out what he had done for women, Obama himself was actually a woman.
Looking forward to Audra McDonald concert tonight!
“ "Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do." - Dhammapada”
I want to tell you how I am feeling about you .
Anytime after 1:30 is great!
Are you bipolar or know someone who is? Join us for discussion now.
Singing myself to sleep
yea its about the sun drop soda right?
did you just send me to your FB page to post "my story" as an attempt at customer service!?!
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen your mom sees ya at the strippy lmaooo
All anyone wants to do anymore is get fucked up. Gets kinda old.
tryin ta hate on my jokes. When they stop getting retweeted 20 times each one then I'll stop
In our house, I fill them up with wrestling matches. Read more to find out why.
I feel ya! You cant even text in class!
Middle of Mississippi. Long drive ahead of us....and and I both have to doodoo.
I will never fly airtran again. The worse horrible service ever. I implore my friends to do the same. @ Hobby airport!
Not a good day for me
you guys were freshman once too, like just 5 months ago so stop saying shit about us..
true that!
omg that's awesomee!! I am like obsessed with Finland lol i totally want to move there =)
I think I almost got knocked out by a titty.
I feel bad for customers sometimes! But its not the employee's fault either!
i was extra faded i fell asleep on 's text in like all of two minutes lol
maybe they were tired // On the first game of a back-to-back??! This stress is nothing compared to playoffs!
Fat City b*tch. Fat Fat City b*tch. Ten Ten Doughnuts and a Twinkie b*tch. VIP Micky D's No Guest List
Softball practice this friday at 6pm ...... Great *sighs* yea im so excited .... haha not :D
Up before Starbucks opened, but great appearance on 1390 hmong abc radio this morning with President Hines.
great timing for that topic, given today's revelation of the "composite girlfriend"
Think it might be time to go hang out by a lake for a little bit.
Time for sleep: )
watching crouching tiger hidden dragon tonight. it was on sale for $5 at best buy. Very worth it!
goodmorning (: its friday (;
Marathon day of presentations at Mendez HS, 2 down 2 to go! Always looking for new girls to step up and start dreaming of positive futures!
Sometimes I wonder why some of my tweets don't get 1,536 retweets.
who gave u a swirlly...
hey bud, the SiriusXM nation will be praying for you. (yes, it's an actual republic with flag & everything) Seriously, be well!
Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.
FINAL FOUR!
Hearing on HB1450, a bill sponsored by and myself, is set for today at 1pm.
Good one, clever.
I just entered to win a Rebecca Minkoff for bag from RT for your chance to enter!
I better get an invite to one of the games, lol.
that sounds amazing! i cant wait to try it!
Grilling watermelon, caesar salad after purveying farmers market behind swapmeet: Asian, Mexican and Georgia growers share their bounty.
dont judge me.
TRYNA TAKE AWAY A LiFE..???? ((iS YOU GOD MUTHA-FUCKA) !!
Hahahahaha Oops! "2 tattoos, one read no apologies"
Today is goin to be a good day
I love face you are magical you are candy I love baby
Aaron, good to meet you at SMBMAD this week. Let's connect for coffee soon. Would be fun to hear more of your story.
Cool move by the USOC with their new campaign: #RaiseOurFlag – where $12 gets you a stitch in the Opening Ceremonies flag.
Happy Easter<3 sorry its kinda late:( I miss you so much though!
haventtalkdto u in along time
Crystals baby shower :)
I thought cats were supposed to be graceful...one cat slipped into a full bathtub not once but twice and the other just fell into a toilet!
Most Memorable: 1) Norfolk State-Mizzou, 2) Lehigh-Duke, 3) Kentucky-Kansas. That'll be what we remember.
#rolln n I #AM on a xpill $$$ high
Grumble grumble grumble. In an inexplicably wretched mood tonight.
i think this comes down to plain old coercion, u think i can be controlled with sexual promises?
The best is when Rodgers says 'go deep'
Good morning world
If this seems like the career for you, choose being a PS3 game tester to get it going
omg it's so hot outside! *o*
"Girls" cracks me up.
when did you start tweeting?
RT ": i kno i fell like im gonna puke"
And Im trying to smile & act like nothing is wrong, but it's getting harder as time goes on ...
Excited for my meeting today...if anyone has any extra good vibes they'd like to send my way, I'll take them!
ONFG. JUST TWEETED ME. HOLY HHigSRKJfkgkwbfkekvbejskjekeonejei. DEAD.
Is it me, or did it get dark at like noon today?
Lost a follower. Faaakkkkk.
Continuing my anti rant, I'm trying to book conference travel, but their hotline keeps hanging up bc all reps are busy. 5* service!
Just in....the Milwaukee Mustang Cheerleaders are stopping by to party after the game and concert......
customer service hides behind opaque email submission form, no wonder underwhelming customer service
there goes Lamicheal
how many fouls we got to give?
pleasure :) hope to see you!
The Blo hair look that we got was "Sex, hugs and rock & roll"! Loved it!
anyone have a favorite resource they user for developing a business plan?
Dreamt of a SC debate; format was family dinner. Candidates had to carve turkeys. Santorum overperformed. Perry was like surly uncle.
If FOX is hiring new moles, I am very good at pretending to work while really doing other things on the company computer.
Found someone's credit card in the parking lot. W. Lily/FB's help found out she worked across the street!
Yes, filled me in this morning! Madison can be quite small after all. :)
wo-hoo! we're blushing! :) RT : the need for a service like this where you can organise group trips easily
Now that Santorum is out of the race, I regain my position as third-most famous sweatervest enthusiast after Jim Tressel and Doug Funnie.
you got it. Come out and party with us April 6th at the 930 Club Backbar.
At the hotel Calling random rooms & prankcalling people LOL & going up to rooms and saying house keeping !!!!babahaha
Ugh, why is Geography so stupid and hard? D:
i will try third eye again. this is literally my first time ever hearing them.
Fuck I-25 south right now!
Barça 3-1 over AC Milan to make 5th consecutive Champions League final four.
Cup Semifinals tomorrow: vs. & #Samoa vs. #Fiji. Going to be an exciting semifinals tomorrow morning!
Thank you, for helping make the #JessicaSanchez event in Chula Vista such a success!
How cool!
U missed my birthday. Imma get you and I liked that new track, the Badu joint
I wish whoever stole my Xbox never did. Because now I be bored. :/
sabotage yourself like that it makes me really sad :( Anyways #SweetNightmares !*)
Mean attitude for the rest of my day!!
“:LPGA superstar Yani Tseng, at Golf Writers dinner, thanked her coach, but added: "Please don't write a book about me in 6 years
they be clownin on tnt lol
Pam Toth and I made TOP SELLING Team for our Office :) WHOOOHOOOO!!!! I am thrilled -finally some good news!!!
Got to stay focused.
I'm definitely about to step out of character
I waiting to leave Philly airport. Not very exciting and there are way to many "Portlandians" on this flight.
#PickMeEllen RT Guess what fell off a truck in front of my office? A new TV and a Blu-ray player.
Loiter Squad Is Stupid .
So stop with the "egg white" omelets. That's very old school thinking and is actually hurting your ability to think too.
Eminem Flow ~
For all the lady gaga fans we got a new article up! Check it out on our website www.platinumposts.com tthanks for the ssupport
But where would KP fit into the Oxenford batting order? I think he'd have to get a game or two for the 2s under his belt first.
Quizas by Ana Tijoux is a #sometypeofway type of song
If our services are needed please let us know. Regards
Perkins is a game-time decision tonight. Doubt he misses the game.
Alright I just posted my first political post on www.downtownster.com. It's not PC but I think it makes an important point or two.
Finished the edit at 5am... 8am alarm set. Same thing tmrw. It's going to be a long weekend
