hey girl hey...how was your day?
#DescribeYourVaginaWithAMovie I Am Legend
The Westword DISH tonight!! Love big events!
is it weird to make my profule pic me when it was winter coat time now that its summer
Holy fuck. Just got out of the Rammstein show. HANDS DOWN THEE BEST FUCKING LIVE BAND ON EARTH. BEST FUCKING DAY OF MY LIFE. HOLY FUCK
sounds good...lol well thanks for following me now. Ttys
😁 what day EXACTLY will you be in MIA?
I'd vote for you! I'm just sayin' :)
That's awful. I am so lucky that I live in a place where it's not cold in the winter.
He has a half gallon of rock gut in his hand. Please don't drink that,
woo ... amazing, you sing very well thanks C:
Loiter squad is so funny, Lolololol.
Having fun outlining my persuasive speech.
Here we are ready to offer you the perfect vehicle for the best deal and price. So join us for #Portland best weekend sales
Just found that my girlfriend is a Victoria secret model. Time to break up.
Tell the truth: u want to be a ballet dancer, don't u?
: with me in it?
I think if there was a Bajan we would have. Black students were from Trinidad, Haiti and JA. Two Americans one from Trinidad.
who is ur favorite singer?
Feeling guilty at having uttered the former a lot lately.
My Facebook and Twitter are now linked.
WOW!!! So exciting for you love... go for it!!been here 4 weeks loving Vegas, settled comfy happy, meeting the coolest ppl! xx
cool interview!
YES, I couldn't agree more. Harper has proven nothing, zero, zilch.
tryna get that laptop
It's a Saturday night and here I am punching keys trying to write a somewhat decent business plan...
I would love to help you with your company's #causebranding. #SocialEntrepreneurship is not taught, you're born with it.
Torch lit...countdown to the Olympics is on
you guys bullshitting about what a boner Axl is?
you got it baby xoxoxo
lmfao !! 😂“: Hair aint grown since the 8th grade ass bitch”
Well, I hope he forgives me :)
RT : everyone talking bout this far, everyone played deserved to be on it. But i hope a few cats left off round 1
YOU'RE GONNA LOOK SO DIFFERENT OMG!!
Thanks! Stop by and see us in Vegas at #4041!
I love soccer players sexy :)
we should do a radio interview sometime!!
photography links, never a waste!
Window seat
official hashtag is
Thanks, I think I'm ok now, though.
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo how to add
Oh my gosh. I'm all over this idea!
I wish JJ would have hit Noah harder.
yes! Thanks, Matt
Get on your way to making someone else feel low
Cute and cuddly boys, cute and cuddly.
I only make it my mission to remember a gift
goodnight :) today was good to me!
After a great dinner lit up an Illusione Maduro cg4 by the fire. What a great cap to a nice evening
That feeling when you know that you have lost your best friend and you can't do anything about it.<<<<<<<<<<
62: 9. You're a cutie(:
Yea I Fucked Up But I Know It Won't Happen Again & I Can Promise You That!
Greetings #edchatsa! I'm not sure how much I can chat today, but nice to see all of you!
Incase you didn't know or you just been living under a rock for the past year, y'all need to follow
work done, so it rains all afternoon. That's not fair!
my favorite song! Not the remix.
This biscuit tasted like a block of bread with better in it
phones broken, not like anyone was planning on texting me
thanks - making a note for next year -
It's my last month of high school. Hallelujah!
Many submit to despair and fail without knowing that they already possess all the tools required to acquire great wealth.
I was the worst. I'm here to make y'all feel better. I also pierced my eyebrow.
I'll love you for a life time because you mean all the worlds put together and always will <333 ;****
I guess I was jamming a little too much today, my iPod died. ☹
Thanks for the welcome...and the help! I have a Palm and will add the app asap. I could get used to this Twitter thing :)
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. I am #thankful for pretty much everything good in life.
Game 1 is just 3 hours away.
Re: resources from the "Teaching Africa" conference, try emailing
I'm so glad!
Had to come back to #RaymondLawrence to bring to see all the awesome goodies for sale!
Aye I keeps it 200 !! Lol
me & zay bout to have a long as talk. thats what happens when you don't talk to your bestfriend daily for awhile o;
There is a new voice on the phone at Anode and FireSign. Please join us in welcoming Shelley as our new Office Manager.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
your the bomb
"we have uno" "fuck yeah i love uno. What should we play?"
#NowPlaying Mr. Little Jeans. The Suburbs.
Good Morning Everyone! It's Friday! Who's excited?
time for a question?
The Hunger Games was amazing!(:
I just want to stop passing out.
Sorry that was an apartment lead. I didn't mean to tweet thatv
Jules Doyle's Book is als available in Chicago
She's layin' down in bed with a broken heart...
you call running out of both life-changing n potentially catastrophic
Anyone know how to draft a pattern for a king sized bed skirt?
#MyFavoriteFoodIs ITALIAN!!!! YEAH BUDDY!!!
I will agree w/you on that front. But we need to learn from them. MT I've made no bones that I'm no fan of
Nothing can bring me down right now.
Scientists have discovered more than 800 separate aromatic compounds in coffee.
There are no recipes for your success, what works for one singer doesn't work for another, create your unique path.
Got to see this!
Hell yeah! TD baby
Haha sweet. Maybe I'll pass you at PDX.
I 💛 this so much. All of this.
8:30 AM flight back to Houston delayed...and now cancelled. Wonderful
I'd go for the drinks with coaches.
Finding nemo might be the best movie ever
Summer of Keith? Stained clothes, homeless stubble...I assume there is a block of cheese just off camera?
Why, what's going on in the Chicago music scene today? Rep a band and need to be in "the know."
lishy p! so im following u now :) btw ur pic is like super kinky hahahaha
Come by San Jose State University!
Justin Bieber is gay as fuck son.
Absolutely same here. Grrr is right.
There will be a livestream via Twitter, with pics, vids, & quotes. We'll also be taking questions 4 our panelists from Twitter!
awesome is an understatement! My favorite staches are the cop ones!
Tebow? really? Patriots?suck much? #giantsbaby:)
Keep a resistance band, ankle weights and dumbbells in your drawer at work. You can do quick upper body exercises while you're on the phone.
Great music on your website. Thanks, Robert
2012 Porsche Boxster S video review: We take the latest Porsche Boxster for a drive
no matter what part of Richmond you're in, you're in a "bad part" of Richmond
canadians >>>>>> YOUR FACE.
thanks! Your amazing!
How lame that they cited u and then didn't even tell ppl what he said. #Goliberalbloggers!
weak and wrong. What happened to the "Bring the troops home" chant you guys used to say?
Happy Easter good brother. Thanks! All is well on this blessed day. 06!
lol iv played chicken before by watching on the beach when its getting rly bad out..dont always make it beforw the rain lol
Is it really not even 8? I am so sleepy tonight....hoping Eli follows suit and goes to sleep quick!
obsessed with
very jealous of you. Boating is among my favorite things to do. What type do you have?
"It'd be great for me if all companies used " quips "It'd be great for my life too!" answers
you just left me there my mouth hanging open,tears down my cheeks. you didn't say a word,didn't apologize. just up and left,leaving me
Go Jessica...AI! love her!
Clearly they meant the original Father of the Bride, but I must have seen it 15 times,
Wow,I totally suck at zombies.
Political science class, one of my favorites. :)
You don't talk to me. You won't even look at me. But you're still inside my head.
When in doubt always bring your consciousness to your heart and breathe. Thoughts NOT from your ego mind will grow stronger.
Yes it was bomb! that ice cream was good.
Thank you so much for showing our windows!
i dpont know
We refuse to sit on shelves and wait for the world to give us permission to come out and play
Jon Bonjovi is prettier.
Happy December! There are just a few more classes for students at before final exams and Christmas break!
lol I just texted back ;p
I could've sworn I saw you in my 'hood tonight
The amount of coffee you drink makes me feel less bad about the amount of coffee I drink
awesome! I'll check 'em out!
I want to see you over the summer bud but it seems like that will be difficult! Whats your summer schedule?
happy birthday! Hope you guys are having fun.
Off to get my first haircut in Copenhagen.. wish me luck. It's not easy being this, ridiculously, good looking
Quit charging to do hooks n verses yall aint signed so work together n network together dnt charge if u local
social security has nothing to do with the debt ceiling
Health 2.0 companies want publicity, promotion, capital, and sales. Not surprising?
You're looking for answers everywhere except within. Learn to master self-realization
Ironically enough we understand is now at Roy's Hawaiian Fusion in San Diego. Chicken skin!
they got our chest bump. Now the world knows I got higher than you
ha! It's 10:46 here. Mountain time biznitch!
Looks like Von Kaiser is back up for more karaoke!
That's funny! Ha! I hope it's not a virus!
U will never find blum...U kinda asked 4 it?
"Utilize" is a useless way to try to sound smart. Use "use."
Lets Go #Knicks...??? You mean Lets go home...right??
thank you ! & thanks for following!
See! Good things happen when you let Tebow play!
Richmond is top Youth Soccer destination in the country.
can you please follow me? 😊
NOW WATCHING "LION KING 2" (EYES GLUED TO THE TV)
good bc were gonna need it
Also enjoying the art at irma freeman, & i colored a picture of a lion & a lamb @ garfied artworks.
Used American Muscle Cars - Classic Muscle Cars by Dave-d
Your intellect must cogitate, reflect over and over upon the knowledge acquired until you digest, absorb it. Make it your own.
All of our CATS merchandise is 30% today for the game!!!
I'll think about that one. Why are we having a conversation over twitter??
Success is not a finite thing, but something that can be shared in abundance without diminishing your part of it.
Just riding around scaring people with extremely loud music.
dude phone back tomorrow, yes?
from what??
Lol and Ron Artest just patted him on the head like "be cool" lmaooo the
Good evening Thanks for following us (and the RT) at Newark Twinning. More weather related facts tomorrow!
so happy about that 15 !!!
It's official: Oatmeal.
It is impossible to lick your elbow.
It's all or nothing.
"Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time." Gears are turning...Good Day! Voodoo
Michelle Branch songs always put me in a good mood. Have not heard these in a while
too cute!!
Loving the tribute on the Soul Train Awards right now! Thank you EWF! You have inspired me since the first time I heard you!!
Congrats on having Shea being picked by the Beloved #Bears!
I get tour autocorrected to your too.
B Team--Marianas Trench. "You played it well, I'll never tell how I fell for it. In the end I'm not your first choice..." :(
Two superb games tonight. Can't wait for the NBA playoffs.
#IfTheyShutDownTwitter I'd actually probably have a better chance of getting followed.
Getting psyched for the UC game tomorrow @ PBS!!! GO CATS!!!!!
I am thus far, yes!
"Any time you have six or seven robots doing the exact same thing, it looks really, really cool." at
Thank god I'm home🙏😁
now that is how work gets done!
Never give up on the person you love, those feelings come for a reason
MT : Pres. Madison will be here tonight 4 a ball. If u have Qs 4 him, tweet me #AskPresMadison I will inquire for you.
Beak'em Hawks
Make it 6 craps today
Who's watching the Grammy's tonight?
oh lol no. But I wish. :/ have you?
...and I thought NVivo9 was fun - I'm blown away! QSR is not messing around.
Super nervous!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to getting to know you better.
Touche. It's Monday. Hope all's been going well with you.
PERFECT weather for a run! I'm happy with that 2.5! 🏃🚶🏃🚶👏
it always boils down to good process and methodology
its funny how chooses to only follow 69 people ;)) lol i really hope you get it if u dont... ur just stupid jkjk :)
I have absolutely no drive/desire to study for history @
LoL agreed Popeye's is the shiznat. I like it Spicy!! :P
Yeah, then check out Gliffy. It's reasonably useful.
We are featuring Sports Attractions and CVB News in our March issue of The Group Travel Leader! Get info from Stacey or Kelly!
I found this sweater at forever21and this lady took me hostage and forced me to show her where I got it.
#TeamBaeza All thee waay♥You sinq really Good ilove your music your the best,♥ Anyway ican download your music of a website?
Home opener tonight!! I can smell the ice already, let's go Hawks!!
Hey Chelsey, thanks for linking up!!!
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
Bout to go over to m-town to get my love mariah with anna gonna be
If the Republicans do not have a strong turn out in November they will never win the elections
#nyy #yankees New meaning to "THE TUCK RULE"... Soriano,don't pull your shirt out of your pants until the last out is officially recorded.
im doin pretty good and stuff..just chillen..bored tho..
Happy Thanksgiving!
LOL! Memories! I'm fantastic- just launched a new blog last week so hustlin'! How bouts yourself? It's been ages!
Downtown Royal Oak #Michigan is coming around.
Thanks a lot for RT.
Thanks for the follow on Twitter
Happy cinco de mayo!
If u spend any of your child support money on your new nigga u r not allowed to celebrate mothers day
I thought the were your angry midgets.
Welcome to Boyle County !
to clarify the bet. I will write 2 pages of play for each game the O's are in front of the Sox at the ASB
Thanks for RT- what are you excited about this week?
message us your address and we would be happy to send one. Also what device would you like to review it on?
oh yeah, it looks super intense! Can't wait! And then in October, new season of American Horror Story!
Kevin Garnett called for an offensive foul. That cost them the game.
Bagpipes are playing Amazing Grace
Great talking with you at
Bieber or die , really?
Text me!:D
libraries are collaborative workspaces instead of book holding cells. U don't even have to keep quiet @ libraries anymore
Command in the home should someone alone
Congrats sarah and Martin Awesome wedding and what a great group of friends. Yes did it again.....We are truly the best.
need a pee but cba to move. too much exercise for these toes
I wasn't born to follow and I'm not sure if I was born to lead, but what I'm certain is that I was born to fight my way through life and win
By law all political analysts should not be allowed to use polling data to make a point. They're wrong, citing snap data doesnt help
All the beats go hard af
Think that more implied "seal a deal" than complete it. Right now, just interest, no formal deal in place.
You can probably just retweet this phrase at least four times tonight.
like a pound of bacon. Rollin in my 5.0
we are honored you are commemorating the #kodakmoment !! thank you!
RIP Dan Scott
WE ARE GOING TOO MAKE #CHILL A WORLDWIDE TREND CAUSE YOLO . (;
God Bless me with a job PLEASE!
Lmao well hey I'm just trying to make your mourning did it work :D
No, more
writing is so much easier than talking.
Welcome to twitter, !! <3 you, scream queen!
indigenous people of middle east
Need #work done? We can help. Want to make some extra #money? We can help also.
Oh No! The Mythbusters are starting the wave at the #rallyforsanity Is it still evil?
"And IF you see me FALL you will NEVER see me CRAWL back to you." - Sincerely yours, Ariah W. :)
Q: What is the dynamic range of a bass trombone? A: On or off. HA we are STILL laughing at these!
Packed house at Moe Bar for #SOTU! You're a truly beautiful group of people.
whats good u fuck wit that drink RHYTHM! Right ?.....I make the original song for that shit
no I used to and they make fun of me for it all the time
Hey. and trio setting up on stage They're good. Stop by.
My mom actually wants me to drive places #what?
Happy Birthday!
Anybody have an extra download code from 29th-31st? Picture me with my finger up, as if I were looking for a ticket. #Phish #yemsg Thank you
I'm not a player i just crush alot .
Never heard of either lol. But I deff wanna see Drake! We should get out tickets ASAP so we can save money & get up close :)
- eh...slow... In Jamaica I did nada! So now I'm back on de grind! LoL
its cheaper
you trying to win the Spear It run? Good luck!
that guy is gross
Wow. I should go on this account more......
I don't know? Do you have a cause or an idea? :)
jimmy johns for lunch ? 😃
No matter how awesome, hilarious and popular you are on Twitter, you'll never have more followers than Justin Bieber.
talking property taxes tonight on WGN Radio @ 8pm! Tune in!
Wherever I'm going, I'm already home, I'm living in the moment
Do you cry at movies?
:-) MT : #Chemistry is so much fuuuunnnn. Thanks goodness for . Best thing #stumbleupon has ever taken me to!
Russ is on a mission
Sam M of market joining food pioneers in Oregon dreaming up the ideal food hub Portland
Finally they meet! RT : Devin (Pats) & Jason (Titans) will see their teams face off in Week 1
nice still trying to master manual in daylight over here
Walking faster, dressing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
the ma ma ma money is the motive.
You live in Anaheim? :-)
you still got me..
"Recognition, not recall." Users shouldn't have to learn how to use your site, including the catalog.
You are incredible. So is your Dad. Congrats on showing the world what true courage looks like.
I see he parked next to Gasol's conversion van. Also one nice ride...
3 day pass to Ultra Music Festival to the first person to comment below. GO!
I have never roped anything either! Get a few beers, and we can change that quick! haha
Thank you for your glimmering wisdom.
Let's get down to business (to defeat the Huns)...ah Monday Meetings.
hey sweet woman--happy weekend!!!
hoping to catch you guys in #Chicago!!
awe we had some fun there!! Ha!! It was awesome seein I
Cougars & Co. supports St. Joseph’s Foundation. Give them a follow:
Well since my phone wants to be a cunt I had to switch back to my old phone. Bye bye android, for now
IN Quote: "What YOU think of me is none of my business."
It would be great if this program could help
For what it's worth Kurt...you were REALLY good...
My suggestion? Never get too attached to anyone because attachments leads to expectations and expectations leads to disappointments. ♥
No! Omg. Omg. Omg. Im crying.
Good thing he took those steroids after the fifth inning
Say "Royals Orioles" 5 times fast.
I see champagne being popped in the offices. Congrats guys!
reading some pretty fucking awesome submissions right now
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul
wow, just... wow. people can do the most ironic yet amusing things. hahaha you're such a
Thanks so much for joining us for dinner tonight! Glad to hear you loved it, and we hope to see you again sometime soon!
#FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE please follow is Austin <3
I need to drop Robertson, augh.
Somebody just made a kissing noise out a car window at me. Now that's new.
I have - nice beer. Not too spicy, but still interesting.
on north. Having a Kentucky coffee. Gonna need to b reminded of my name tomorrow. It is nasty out. Ice rink out there!
Thanks for the follow!
No clue man haha RT : what's that? Lol
And the Witchita lineman is still on the line.
about how long is the trip from Miami International to the Port where the cruises leave from?
are u talkin about the girl that change her username with 1D thing?
Contact me to learn how cost sharing can make your mktg $ go further for project photography. Several of my clients do it & it's win/win.
Thank you for following me. I'll be following you as well.hope you had a good day.
Big goals weighing you down? Break them them down into manageable tasks! W.iaminc.biz
track them down and hit them with a Mic Check!
Thanks! The pattern was not very noticeable when the dress was white, so wasn't sure what would happen. They really popped!
Don't fall asleep with glasses on .... This mark better go away
#nowplaying - "Right there" by ft.
Working on new cosplays.
Just watched the movie #Hop and it was good
be nice..
is that a diamond on your left hand?
our import of bookmarks from delicious will be ready coming days. Need some people to test the tags becoming webmixes.Can you test?
I need some Xbox live friends to play #FIFA12 with. Let's go!!!
#30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Let her look through your phone so she can know your not cheating
just think you did well! You'll be good!
The SIXERS won ! See ya Bulls .. Haha
Dear Hacker, thank you for hacking my twitter account. Now I am saying nasty things about YOU. You are mean and I don't like you.
I don't know how you do it, but you do it well. You need to keep doing it.
Much obliged for the RT!
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk that noise sir.you just need a good reason to drink and act slutty
nah haha no idea what it is;D
They do it right
lol more like I just want my phone call returned
svr t-storm warning for northern Walworth county until 6:30pm, 1" hail possible, most intense part of the storm is on top of Troy.
Over at twitter. Still shocked at Jr. Seau's passing. A loss for San Diego sports fans and football fans period. An icon.
rough night..
Thanks for the RT
"Terrible People" Episode 1 is online! www.terriblepeopleshow.com ... And Film Crush has a new website too. www.filmcrushcollective.com
Our current global leaders were influenced by neorealism of the coldwar: aka self-interest > moral principle.
LOL...depends if JQ is feeling better by then.
I meant to tell u that I admire ur craftability
Well, that was easy lol (:
Thanks for the mention.
Reflection, planning and peaceful thinking has saved me from hastened judgements, poor decisions and tough situations. -Zach Marcy
yeah and I hope u know my birthday next Thursday
Favre probably went to the metrodome last night and tampered with the roof so he wouldnt have to end his streak!
Butter London Nail Polish.<333 My fav.(:
Multi Scarf Snood/Neck warmer Beanie Mask Bandana Snowboard ...
6 voting members is indeed too small. New bylaws call for evantual total of 8 voting members but this is transition year of only 6
- I love my tiny little daughter, and am very thankful for a great work leave policy and wonderful friends who feed us.
ohh lol we meant for our show with him in Chicago...but hey you can still come to that if you want!
My phone bout to die
Nope. PPVs are separate but Ringside gets you a 15% discount on the PPV which would make it like $12.75 or something.
112 followers.. :) It's Not very much, but It's a Start Thank ya ;p
No dice. I can see the toolbar, just not the icons. Oddly enough, it works on my work computer with the same browser. Thanks tho!
I mind my own business, Hate getting involved in others. Why can't people do the same?
I hope my fever is gone tomorrow morning-- this is my last full week as a high school student.
With , Can English be any more boring?!?
Bucks defense is horrible!
BOOMER SOONER!!!!!!! Fiesta Bowl here we come!!
IMissss You More!:(
hopefully see u soon fam!
Thoughts go out to the Klena family.
Confession: I thought "high stakes" was a reference to stoned cows.
Our new Limited Edition 3.0 cart colors are hitting the marketplace this week. Go get one!
Take me away
Looking for an indie filmmaker/blogger to follow who's bright, talented & a great read? 's your man!
That I am actually rooting so eagerly for the #Thunder illustrates my level if disgust for the Lakers
In Indiana and they don't serve alcohol on sundays & they let people smoke in restaurants?! Da Fuck
Class is canceled Arabi today. Enjoy your Good Friday and have a wonderful weekend.
gift card makes life simple. Probably go with that.
Sometimes, all it takes is one person to show you that it's okay to let your guard down, be yourself, and love with no regrets.
your hands high then adjust as you stop. (squeaky feet)
yep, picks up at 7:45.
that. is. PERFECT.
you are super cool... Plus your alarm goes off at a normal hour, unlike this 3am buzzer! ;)
Did the Heat really lose last night -___-
Thanks! Trying it out.
The girl i hate is in my lunch
Just found out I'm leaving for home tonight yayyyy I'm so excited :D
moving tomorrow.
im gonna make tacos tonight and try one of those walking bitches!:] lol
Nothing more rewarding than a good day's work.
Quiet office on Friday's!
congrats on sending off the ms
Le Ninja is everywhere, all the time!
isn't that your wrestling name?
Made it safe and sound....almost to little cousin CHUCK!!! #2012graduate #MSU IM so proud!!!!
I need an ice-cream...☀
I prefer iloveyou to i love you because they are no spaces from other people to come between us in iloveyou
Other than the pollen and the putrid smell that rises from the depths of the subway.
im dropping out. tomorrow
Almost better. We may get to come home soon
"Salvation is free, but its not cheap" -Bishop Marvin Winans
idk whats worse, the fact you have a scrotum or the fact you're watching The Vow.
They could play that while they bringing my casket out.
Excuses Me Lol "BOSS BITCHES ARE MY PREFERENCE" 👌✌
You made it in! 24 minutes left!
the new Roo site looks so fresh, love it.
I like to play wit it while im eatin it!
Woohoo! Welcome! RT : Thanks! I'm super excited to join the team!
One of my favorite coaches, Bill Parcells, is looking to fill in for the interim following Sean Payton's suspension from New Orleans.
Thanks for the follow here, Mike; Appreciate the outreach & hope you are well; All the best!
My Uncle just asked me what #Twilight was ... LMFAO
lol!! Ali needs a Twitter. Force her. And make sure she likes Snacks on Facebook :)
CMS: Jim Groom takes the stage, sings the praises of Wordpress!
Baltimore Fashion Alliance Holiday Party is TONIGHT at the Intercontinental Harbor Court Hotel from 6 to 9 pm. Hope to see you there!
Half of my Phillip calls didn't go through ..... Anyone else????
House stayed clean all weekend. Husband was out of town. Coincidence??? ;)
Guys, my boss is now on Twitter...so play it cool. I SAID PLAY IT COOL!!
Good morning tweople! Hope everyone have a bless day!
leftover chinese food(:
LOLOLOL ok ok
Welcome to the team our new Art Department Manager Suzanne Burley!
The served Does that make it better? Merry Christmas!
This Gaddafi guy is fucking up my Price is Right.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!Tell Sarah i said HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! to her to.have an ICONic Birthday!!!
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
The Red, Black & Blonde ATX premiere at the Alamo S. Lamar Oct 18th 7:30 Please join us!!!
Yea..I think it would be a fun concert.
"It is the duty of the whole people to never entrust to any hands but their own .. the preservation and perpetuity of their own liberties."
Thanks to our non– Wisconsin listeners who are powering or downloads today.
Please give me a Birthday Shout out... I turned 22 today... It would make my night...
Day 2 of my broad street run celebration #margaritas!
Haha, yes found you on Cristinas friend list. Yes I'm an actor, see www.scottbutleractor.com. Sent you Facebook message. :)
woo id slide a finger down the crack of dat ass!
Thanks for the retweet!
Can't stop playing this
philippines..Wow! Great!...How old do you think I have?
wait did you already play that show with atl?
please follow me on twitter!!!!
Another ? for the crowd: Do you sew for craft shows? Is it worth the time/energy? Why do you do it?
I love being ignored...
New Multi-Faceted Comedy CD Coming Soon! Get Your Laugh On!
RT RT We are not creatures of circumstance; we are creators of circumstance ~ Benjamin Disraeli
Good morning fools
If that was so, then I eagerly embraced the revelry of Washington. That was where Mr. Lincoln and I made our mark on history.
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie the killer won't stop chasing you until dead.... Really really dead , and even then keep running
is this kindergarten?
he's not my babe but lets talk about your new one!!
We've added new appetizers and sushi rolls to our new menu! Come Visit Us at MIZU and have Lunch or Dinner with Us! :)
We will be playing a new song tomorrow!
#SMWSportsBiz yes answering my question finally
I've got to try this out!
Doin this new mix for Website, ah the theatrics of it all!!
My tweet game weak af
Literally dying. Omfg
Will do. Waiting for my cousin to finish it.
it has!!! Today has been awesome!
Thanks for your kind words! Have been in the studio + not doing Twitter for the past week.
Make sure you get my copy of Finding Nemo and Wall E
The Overnight Mustache is different for everyone. Mine was rummy & yummy!
Looks like injuries are finally a thing of the past (knock on wood). Anyone have any suggestions for marathons in the NW? Jan-Feb timeframe?
I love living in Florida!
If you once meant something to me, I don't forget you. That isn't very convenient, let me just say.
Leg day success = crawling to car & puking. Waiting patiently for DOMS to arrive. I love leg day!
lol. Just come today and get it over with
Looking 4 the perfect app to collect clinically relevant info to be accessed in clinic, eg protocols, pearls, etc
Im starving over here man
Kawasaki has no business up there against Beckett.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Very addictive!" by Michelle
Bitches be thinking they the shit and can do whatever they want. BITCH PLEASE..ima knock that weave off yo head. Don't try me!!!
is amazing tonight, great first show of the new season. I so love this show <3
Tis not crazy.
In order to tell your future, you gotta create it first.
Good morning twitter world!! 😘
Sleepy! , I need to wake my ass up.
I keep getting DM's that say: "someone is saying nasty rumors about you..." And here I thought I was languishing in obscurity....
Could not ask for more beautiful weather than what we have today right here in
his answer will be "all hockey plays"
I've got a hot sweaty date with a dude named Gym tonight ;) #24HourFitness how's that for a
Woooooosah #motivation all day baby
When they first told me I had the most votes for Most Opinionated i was like tf? Now I'm starting to see why lol
I love when you randomly post covers of songs. I hope there will be more to come very soon ;)
Just met after her Iheartradio show. Best moment of my life nbd
I wonder how many times I've used #ihateyou in my tweets.
thanks to for turning me on to #Shazaam. So far it's 9 of 12. Couldn't pick up the classical music, as far as I could tell. -R
Love when I'm on my phone, texting like 10 people back and forth!! Lol! #weird #multitasking 
How do you do it? You make me so happy.
How have UGGS convinced the world that they have any redeeming value??
hey do you wana help the effort to get MAz back at ncf soon? like go to the SAC this saturday w/ me lol
d MoneyMakinMatt what up Matt its Phillip man are you accepting submissions for beats?
I'll just make sure I call craft services for the next write :) Bring on the buffet!
See it,desire it, ask for it, believe that you received it, and don't ask again just thank Him in advance for the manifastation! FAITH TALK
Maura wants to catch the eyes of all fashionistas! check her out on Facebook and Twitter!
RIP Donald 'Duck' Dunn Bass Player for Booker T & The MG's and The Blues Brothers. Member of Rock n' Roll HOF
Getting ready for Summerfest! Come join in the fun.
#IfLilBIsARapperThen Obama is a muslim
You are amazing and my inspiration<33 Just wanted to let you know(:
and Thanks for the retweet. I'm smarter than I look!
Cap Fringe hasn't officially announced it, but tonight's ShawnMikael(s) show, "They're Just Makin' That Crap Up," is SOLD OUT
listening to on The Herd. Who weight lifts more often... And who is stronger... You or him?
Why do men name their penises? Because they want to be on a first name basis with the person who makes all their decisions.
I got the dumbest friends
great week of vacation. Hope your week was great as well. :-)
#Powers, Hide Me Among the Graves. Occult historical cliffhanger featuring Victorian vampires & Christina & Dante Rossetti? The muse bites?
“: Your hard work is going to put you on, not another person.”
#Myblackfriendsays a good horror movies is one with an all black cast and none of them die
"Precious Knowledge," the documentary about the axing of MAS in Tucson, airs on PBS May 17. Check your local listings.
Had too much fun! Thanks for having us !
Missing the old Graywolf Grill. Anyone know of a good Mongolian BBQ somewhere in RVA?
Her name is Francis but she said she liked ur shirt today
In jerz get @ me
hi alice
Congratulations to The Tobyriffic Show voted best PBS show in the Alibi
Also, Seattle is killing it right now.
lol u sing lik a chipmunk, thats the new thing now so u good
Cuz Harry Potter is a literary masterpiece and revered by many RT : hey i'm not bashing your Harry Potter love!
To love what you do and feel that it matters- how could anything be more fun. Katherine Graham
Oh so delicious! Love us some !
funny and sick shit
how do you think I'm tweeting you right now?? Lol
that's just how they do!
You're just taking the other side because you're still mad about the mitten thing. haha
Is there a subscription service for fresh young coconuts?
Hey young sales peeps, Good listening is NOT enough. You have to make the client feel like they've been heard and that it's important to you
Hey dahling!! Hope u are doing great! Take care
and that's exactly what I am... So uh, fuck me! Haha ;p
don't understand why some people don't like the situation they are in, but repeat, business as usual, and wonder why it doesn't change.
im a young choreographer and i love you and the will you please follow me? <3
Go girls basketball! #winning 55-14
I LOVE THE READY SET!
Thanks for the great suggestions! I'll definitely check some of them out tomorrow.
craiglist website and its users are being linked to loads of problems, whats going on?????
Did you see Rick Majerus present at clinic in Tunica?
60min international connection, "express connection" card got me through. Many thanks :)
Project mgt office helps eliminate "black box" effect of project status, priorities, being unclear to all constituencis
thank you for sharing. I think the video is pretty awesome.
blessings to you and fam.... hope all is well with you.. praying for you and moms everyday! always remember I'm here for ya!
We have a dream to have one piece of schwag for every GH song. We'll be placing an order today to begin making that dream a reality.
Today was byfar one of the best sundays I have had in a long time. :)
Lazyweb: Anyone know of a Chrome plug-in that somehow shows the URL that a shortened link redirects to?
Red is sure to be a "Sassy" look. We have one in our "pre-launch" designs & sure to have plenty more when we launch.
sorry bout yesterday fam ...#home problems
Did a double feature with Vicky Christina Barcelona. First one: better story. Second one great photography. Can I mix um?
Very unlikely.
My twitter account got hacked ignore my last tweets
It's time to get your dance on tonight $100 cash prize in the booty shaking contest for the ladies and tyrone will buy your first drink
I really can't believe lil Wayne signed limp bizkit to young money .... Seriously
TRAFFIC - Disabled Vehicle In Traffic - Park Street onramp to WB Beltline. Blocking traffic.
Actually, you're right. That would be good although he probably couldn't be paid enough to be on the other end of the show.
my son is going!
Damn bro. So sad me & & missed you on that fine day. We were the drunkest santas in NY.
I WENT DOWWNNNN INTO THE FIRE AND IT BURNS BURNS BURRRRNNS THE RING OF FIRE!!!!
Hi cory booker is a good mayor better than mine
Huge fan, wish you the best brotha! Throw BOMBS!
hey! it happens. how is the insanity? have a great weekend!! =)
The GAME rules for today. Don't break the law. Don't jack the clues. Call GAME Control before going to a new location.
“: I peaked in the 3rd grade. I'm looking forward to my mid 30s though...” Maybe 3 is your lucky number!
The old saying is, "Time waits for no one" It's about keeping with 'today' in real time and never letting 'today' become 'yesterday'.
All i have is this picture in a frame, that i hold close just to see you everyday<3
i followed please follow me back nao
If you haven't see Boys Don't Cry, you should. Great depiction of the tragedies we humans put on ourselves by being intolerant.
Tune in to tonight at 11:35 p.m. to see us Flo Fusion Fitness on the Sunday Sportswrap!
I honestly thought Hollie was going home tonight. I was so shocked when Ryan said it was Skylar.
Horribly bad. Seems to be cutting off their nose to spite their face.
you're welcome(:
Thank God! Another mediocre OF, I was worried we might do something helpful.
“: I WANT TO KNOW ALL OF YOUR SEMESTER GPAs” gahh thank you.
I can smell the carnival from the rotary #it'sasign #who'scomingwithme
Welcome to Cincinnati, Devon. I can pick you up at Northern KY airport and you can vent over shakes with me at UDF.
If you don't follow, I will not lead.....poof to non followers! No time for people that do not measure up!
Happy Sunday! Happy to be with my family today :) See you in a bit!!
i'm good sis
um, does everything really have to be due at the same time? I already dread February.
Thanks Keridwyn...hope you and the crew had a blast!
lol YES I win :)
A question from : What's your personal motto? Me: You'll never be 100% prepared when opportunity knocks.
Not to be a gossip but... Shouldn't change her handle?
Call a bitch out
Valentine's Day is soon. Get your sweetheart something special. Try our Lover's Cup tea - it is wonderful. Open Sat til 6pm Sunday 12-5.
Checking into Virgin America at LAX feels like I'm going out to a bar.
one doesn't rule out the other!
Sorry for the late response but TY for the #FF love!
I second that.
it gets better trust
Way to go ! Check out your collectivebrains. Who needs downtown when you got uptown baby!
FYI Argentium silver is a modern sterling silver alloy which replaces some of the copper w/ the metalloid germanium in traditional sterling
Hey buddy, thanks for the follow... about time already!!! :)
Roses are red, violets are VIOLET, get it right poets or please just be quiet.
"A father is a son's first hero, and a daughter's first love." <3
you know it! It was actually only 78 degrees outside, my steamy man-ness turned it up to 103!
even better frozen w/ little ice cream!
of course! Didn't want to let you down ;)
Mass effect 3 best game of the year indeed recomended to all gamers new to the series and fans of it
Just finished my very first year as a professor. (That flew by.) I may actually be a little bittersweet about it. (I liked my students.)
Over 200,000 beers sold! C'mon Denver let's keep our ranking of largest Oktoberfest outside of Munich!!!
There are 3 1d photos on the popular page on instagram 😍
Bravo , M. Eschenbach and Cédric at lst night! Berlioz and Ravel have always been in very good hands in Boston.
"The newspaper is the natural enemy of the book, as the whore is of the decent woman." Edmond & Jules de Concourt, 1858. This quote from LQ.
We have 190 followers!! The 200th follower gets to borrow our bass player for the day! He's very good at cooking, cleaning, & braiding hair
Thrilled to announce my partnership with the students of SPARK, the fabulous future PR gurus at Valparaiso University!
i think that's cuz it's flash. doesn't play on my iphone/ipad either, but does play on my desktop.
yea I'm good ready for my truck to get done
Cole Hamels just drilled Bryce Harper. This game might get fun.
Are librarians ready to tackle text analytics?
Hi - just followed you - seems like you're up for a year of self actualization - love those kinds - so much to explore & discover
Call ur own shots it's the best feeling
#kids Dave and Busters: Dave and Busters from Thursday, May 10, 2012 at 6:00 PM to Thursday, May 10, 2012 at 8:00 PM National Sports...
What better way to relax after a hard swim than with a Shiner Bock?
Arrived in VA. Desire to do things properly at war with desire to do things fast.
Per Cathy Norton, I am elite.
On our way down to the square. See you soon!
yes we do, they look cool lol cx
Sincerely saddened over this :( RT Playing the entire Beastie Boys discography in the brewery today. #RIPMCA We'll miss you.
At the Emerging Tech. Expo & Comm. Summit ( #etecs ). A little heavy on the broadcasting side for me but Im excited for the keynote speaker.
I luv u, we're just upset rite now. Lol
I miss my bed right now . 😔
Anybody have the name of a good bread guy in Chicago? We're looking for an outright baker ninja.
It's Not The End Of The World.It's The Beginning Of A New One!
Skipping class to watch Boy Meets World
Talk about amazing. I could look at and listen to you forever!
Lots of baseball outside today. Sore as fuck but it feels good to be sending moonshots into the lake again and the water wasn't bad either
No friends
what are you having????
New #IncongruousSpotifyAdvertising: hard rock Halestorm ad interrupting pleasant middle-eastern quietude.
No reason to opt-in for Deron, he's better off locking up at 4 or 5 years w/ 1st about the same or more than his opt-in $$
The unproductivity fairy has struck once gain Kaahhhhnnn!!!!
"Darling" with Julie & Dirk, now "Pumpkin Eater" with everyone. I heart #TCM!
only if it was warm. I was going to tan
I know and it just makes them look retarded because they're shoulders look so stiff hahah
On a more positive Anglophile note -- did you hear that Selling London is coming to HGTV in the summer? Can't wait!
Go you! Way to start off the new year. What are you working on? BB still home from college until the 16th.
Where You Drop Your Wands? This fan of Harry can be insane
Osama Bin Laden is dead. It's over. Bring the troops home.
Good morning have a smurfy day.
as a vege, you are not supposed to have eaten that
Man /Your place or mine?/ Woman /Both. You go to yours and I ll go to mine./
Why were you at the airport last night? Are you coming back to the Easy Coast?
Yes except now they want to be there next year to get slimed RT Did they like getting slimed at #kca?
Also our mid-afternoon snack :)
this weekend
fine thx, see u in nashville soon :)
Deadline! Thank you for following the Cherokee Challenge! We are very excited to see your ideas. Finalists will be notified on April 30!
RT : “I wish I could show you when you are lonely or in darkness the astonishing #light of your own being.” ― Hafiz
if you don't I will
You are an awesome teacher1 i'm so glad to have heard the comments to pass on!
Trust me....no one can.
Idk y many people hate on justin if hes a sweetheart!<3
THank you Dan!
Off to bed...
evening Ms. Kilkenny. What keeps you up at this hour?
In social media, Two-way conversations are essential in order to be recognized by your customers.
Check out my dude "who me" video coming soon
hot pic! Love it!
More than 1,000 people at Shaun Wild memorial at Brown Deer High School.
Academics are CHE's customers. W/a for-profit company, the customers are the only ones who can provide feedback.
I hear a storm coming...and see my bed and Netflix in my immediate future
You too!
#towaxornottowax That is the question I've been pondering, hm....perhaps I have some resolve...seeing myself bare-lipped &gapless again
Disruptive trend: 3d printing?
people i need 100,000 people to get a movement march for legalizing cannabis. signup
S/O to for being THEE best friend EVER
oh good did it do alot of damage?
hope they win. They have to play better than they did Sat nite !
30% of the people in this meeting have iPads. Should I get one of these? Or maybe the samsung galaxy?
Check out 's Buy Local Bazaar on Sat, April 2, and make sure to give them a 30th BDay gift at wmse.org. Can't imagine MKE w/out them!
just to clarify, there is NOT a bear loose in the office. although if there were, I have a sweet escape route
thank you!!
Feels just a bit evil for rejecting a paper on Christmas eve.
I want my lip pierced so bad. It sucks being under 18.
At the Author Tea Gala listening to TAYLOR STEVENS! Sososososo excited!
Sometimes we all wonder what if...
oyster bake was a success (:
RT : happy birthday An honest to God comedy legend the world has yet to meet.
yeah.. Me too. And after she does she just dies laughing
Couple of witnesses call ASSET bill "a slap in the face" to citizens and legal immigrants.
Haha...you crack me up!
And Gov Branstad, on whose mansion Emma and Tim intend to plant a pressed ham, was all over the news yesterday.
Aw... that's sweet.
Be safe tonight, everyone. But, at the same time, enter 2012 with a BANG!
Urban Jungle Green vol.2 (limited pressing enhanced audio CD with videos!)! available at hhv.de and k984.com
let's hope they don't find your Twitter!
WANNA BOOST YOUR POTASSIUM LEVELS – ESP. IF YOU WORK OUT? We know about bananas. Have you heard of jicama? This slightly sweet & crisp ro…
Thanks to our fantastic tech careers panel speakers - , Marc Salerno, Sergio Paredes, and Adrienne DiPrima!
Delicious, buttery toffee awaits you! Come visit us! We are on across from ! We open at 11am!
I love the $5 DVD bins at Wal-Mart. Just scored the Sex and the City movie..and I also saw a few You've Got Mails swimming around in there!
.... Happy New Year to you too, OC Gal!! :D
but yeah hi
strava has really interesting route conflation and analysis. Interested to know how to do the same with OSM gps trace data
Thx ! MT Gov. Brown declares state of emergency for demolition of Paramount Blvd bridge over Pomona Freeway.
It is a sheer waste of time and soul-power to imagine what I would do if things were different.
I'm just thankful Mike Keenan isn't working tonight's game.
When the road feels long, invest in a good pair of shoes. :)
"You must get in water over your head to learn to swim."
No session tonight (hopefully you figured that out already) — we meet once a month.
Nice posts Max ( ) will check them out and give em the proper promo!
They say the shit I say is just wrong like no one else has those really dark thoughts when alone.Im just a teen who admits I'm suicide prone
not yet, but will be very soon. look for the announcement / post in the next day or two
I'm going to take a nap during Q7.
write-in vote for
THXS 4 THE FOLLOW.HAVE A GOOD ONE.
Watching #DSOLive from #Woodbridge, not quite Orchestra Hall, but still great!
Well point is, every year I decorate it. One year it was silver, the next gold, last year red and this year Pink! Beautifully pinkcesorized!
TOUR!? I'm there bro.
stream netflix over the ps3. cheap and it will waste alot of time
The bottom line is this series showed how ridiculously valuable Derrick Rose is. They won in a blowout with him. They went 1-4 without him.
It was my right one bro
Okay goodnight for real!
I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong also. And said "moment" after awkward.
Music at Mumbai:Ella Campbell and Friends 3/24
Authors/pubs, I would love to see a picture book biography of Ted Fujita, the guy who came up with the Fujita Scale for tornado strength.
still listed as questionable. With Belichick you never know. If you have a good 1 pm option go with that.
i love this picture.! Exactly how i would feel meeting you.!
not familiar; i'll check it out. i think i wanna read Chuck Palahniuk's newest one called "Damned." i like his work.
In a couple hours I will be living about 4 hours away from Austin. <33
My way of joking is to tell the truth. It is the funniest joke in the world.
Chinese study shows students on continuos drip of BCAA's tested higher on standardized testing. Increase brain power
Good morning
By this time tomorrow I will have done nothing but spend the entire day relaxing on the beach drinking beer.
"thanks for your condiserfuckeration!"-
holla at me when u get a chance sir
Thanks 4 the follow!
Right befoer Brock came out the tv camera was 2 rows in front of me have to see if im on tv
Let me help you with your event... Be it a Wedding, Bridal Shower, Anniversary, Intimate Dinner, Baby Shower or Birthday Call 857-203-1690.
Congratulations on the funding. Really looking forward to future innovations!
Advertise your business or event on our huge marquee located in the heart of the Coventry Arts District in Cleveland Hts! Call for info!
ugh yes....well I do wish I was at your zumbathon today ...have fun!
RUDY GAY!
Right on! I guess I will be getting back in shape this summer.
of course. Size? Address?
I know! Who knew this was around?
Omg! Soul surfer is such an amazing movie!
So tired of making excuses 4 da
Mouser Electronics Takes Lead in Environmental Sustainability and Distribution of Green Technologies
thanks, we will need it! anything new your way?
nope. It was straight instrumental. It was actually really dope but it sounded a bit empty
Instead of your daily latte of coffee, try it with tea instead. We recommend jasmine green tea latte - naturally sweet. Variety Friday!
Thank your for the Rt.
*Important statistic: The Broncos are undefeated when outscoring their opponent.
yep, in pioneer square!
She really likes this guy. Damn this Sucks.
on any given day, about half of teenagers are doing homework online.
I love your show, but do wish you had a better night. Friday is "date night".
Young love...gotta love it!
what about Tuesday next week?
EPA reports amount of Xenon-133 detected is approx. one millonth the dose rate a personally normally gets from normal background sources.
u so late butt oh ok
Beliebers & Mahomies are both AMAZING fanbases! But, some beliebers need to CHILL OUT & SIT DOWN! Austin's a belieber too!!
mentions the UN universal charter on human rights as an ex of secular ethics
major oureach service to your library community: show them how to filter spam messages!
Andre F'n MILLER...what a fake on Gasol
Bramson ORT College Spring 2011 registration is in progress. The Admission offices will be open Monday to Friday: 9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
Today, I am cleaning out my closet after along time.
Hopefully this game is good
skyline drive??
“: hahaha, this is awesome” thank ya sir. Please help however you can to get it out there
I'm gonna fuck this weed.
wen did u dye the top of ur hair blue? BTW It looks nice
ALL IS WELL and everything is unfolding in Divine Perfect Order for your highest good in this and every moment
AWESOME CONCERT!!! you were amazing. you were amazing too!
gonna be a long day
Once things are up & running, will be coming at you with some awesome new stuff.
Watching Behind the Music Nas!!
THE BEAST IS BACK
no, more like a whole body explosion! It's THAT exciting!
I was kissed with cancerous kisses, by crocodiles. (Confessions of an English Opium-Eater)
LOOK OUT #SanAntonio.. Here come the #CLIPPERS!! RT : Clippers up 80-71 w/ 28 seconds remaining in 4Q
Is #kinderchat going on now, because those teachers rock.
Are you guys following ? So interesting!
Hootsuite, I really need you to not be broken right now. I have work to do before my vacation starts!!
Wow! Got booked once again in McAllen for Saturday.
And now he looks way different
Did you Move to Miami??(:😊
Aquarius Neptune Direct-time 2 externalize personal dreams, fantasies into material reality-Pluto in Capricorn trine brings longterm results
The iPad is a useful device for coping with earthquakes. My favorite apps so far are Netflix and SketchBook Pro. iWork is pretty sleek too.
I Don't Ever Talk To Him , Inless I'm With Him . Type Of Relationship Is That .
#FF and his alter egos !!
Ditto. RT : I hate most of my Facebook friends.
Their illusion was of short duration
Knee: inner knee pain
Watched tv & sports were on it. I liked it but it scares me bc I hate sports! Hope my taste isn't changing, I don't wanna like sports
ugh I hate it
our other account issue i'll txt you the pass word, you can tweet any thing you want :)
Paint, dog farts are delicious RT : What's worse: paint fumes or dog farts?
my innocence does that every time I see or hear them.
The Bristol will be there!
hes does make pretty cakes
When I have a baby...I'm gonna name him Patrick they always seem to turn out pretty good lookin'
LOL,haha okay go do your art :) tmrw we can talk more!
Great Opening Day at the track & I finally got to try out Dawson's with good company...time for bed before we're back at it tomorrow!
found a typical library for a study of high rank job. the mood of a library so strict and uneasy. But it do me good
why does wikipedia in german have species names in german & not latin? srsly really?
Yo told the chinese dude lil jackie chan jr hurry the fuc up
Darn... RT YOUR HOROSCOPE: Capricorn: Today, your astrological forecast will be in error.
No not yet, Want to for sure though. I'll try to get up there before the end of the year. Send me a good place to play
RT Based on psychologic study a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds you are already in love.
Storytime! Tonight is The Three Little Pigs.
Those annoying subscription cards that fall out of magazines.
If you can't understand my silence, how can you understand my words ?
Happy Friday, Butterscotch tweeps! I hope u all have fabulous plans for the weekend - time for de-stressing. Namaste.
Hey Alex!! How was your day??
#ihateitwhen the cute waiter doesn't wait on your table. *sighs*
yup. But that pic was two years ago
Thank you for the new listings! Enjoy the beautiful #ROC weather today :)
UUUUMM, HAD TO MUCH FUN TODAYY LOLX, BUT BORED NOW SO... :))
Hallelujah, open accessible green space
Wow jardine fought well but got ktfo
follow me back <3
Hippo cologne anyone??? It's on 10TV this morning....no joke??
The only way to get anything in the physical universe is by letting go of it. Let go & it will be yours forever”. – Deepak Chopra
Fuck it, who needs a best friend like you?
Sorry :P Hope the nights better :)
I really need to go to and get rid of my contract with AT and switch to Sprint so I can have unlimited data. I also need to switch my
all on facebook. I just have covers up. All my originals arent gonna be released just yet(:
The holidays are here. Give now and give often.
I'm so hype
This is the last weekend I'll have time off and possibly the last time I'll leave Houston in '11. geez.
love that beer!
Adrenaline show starts at 9:30 Dan McGuinness spottswood. Great place to party and eat. and a hot crowd.
yes when i ready
Make it a great Tuesday!
School trip...... now returning home!
I can't listen to Death Cab, Arcade Fire or Andrew Bird without thinking about you.
Answer a random question abt , Topic Of The Day, or past Shows w/ a chance to win a FREE gas card! You knw you need it!
Thanks for the hours of entertainment while I'm training for my first marathon!
Need sleep. Praying for a better day tomorrow and a better week.
well you've got great taste in music
Humans are not genetically engineered to turn down calories when they are readily available.
If you meditate return this tweet with your name and I'll send you a e-book to develop spiritual charisma.
can't sleep thesis will eat me, can't sleep thesis will eat me, #cantSleep thesis will eat me...
that's awesome.
We would like to thank everyone who has supported us... from staff, pr, investors, clients, etc. We are proud to deliver a kickbutt service
That is REALLY thoughtful! Hats off to him as well!
I don't know what's in Vienna Sausages, but it tastes like manna from heaven to my hungry belly. -Zach
#askharry will you guys be in LA around feb. 19th?
RT : seriously, iTunes... $1.29 for select "popular" songs?! How did THAT happen? I'm not amused.
do u have any tips for shopping on asos? Im always skeptical on how it will fit
awe I won't, but I'm not the one taking it, I'm taking a picture with you, someone is taking the picture for us :)
thx for following guys - when we need tile, we'll look you up! Hope CodeSquare can help your small biz - let us how we can help!
Whoever decided on having finals on a Saturday should be waterboarded.
what a tool.
I love it when you make fun of my tweets. Heights to reach too.
Designers: What's the last thing you made that you're really proud of? Go!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
What's everyone's favorite Saturday afternoon coffee or espresso drink?
hows your day ?
I made it
When it rains it pours..But soon the sun comes out and days will get better ♥
I really like Mendeley. You should give it a try.
Can we please pass some law against TV getting Really Really Loud when commercials come on? #it'sTooLoud&i'mTooOldDammit.
love, love, love
Love this!!!
Didn't Bill Fletcher run for president in the 90s under some small progressive party?
ok my answer is weird but I have a small place at a beach that is close to a beach where theres a nice resort...
me too :D
Ewww I hear bugs outside.....
@ my cuz lilly house! mad cuz her boyfriend....) a booty**** cheater 3< terrell williams if u no him
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved. It is God's finger on man's shoulder. ~Charles Morgan
ur right. my bad. i thought he was a restricted FA.
let's s a b
MT #BibaBrand talking about the early visits to the Chicago recovery alliance I really want to visit - WE WANT U 2 VISIT!
It's gonna come on 9:55 pm here. >.>
that any combination of crust, melted cheese, pepperoni grease and saucelike liquid could be anything less than delicious when drunk
Traveling nomad in need of transportation information? Boom #FF , ,
Thanks for voting for us - you rock!
#winning with a santa hat
Gayspeed, fellow discount travelers.
Congrats, ! Your name was picked to win the second I-Tunes gift card. We will DM you soon!
Thank goodness nothing is seriously wrong, just stressed out. Geez I need a serious vacation
RT for a S/O xx
“: On Bellemeade Ave heading toward Evans Ave: man dressed in all black carrying a sword. #ewatch” only in Evansville.
I have a LONG memory & I hold a LOT of grudges. :)
literally just ordered some for dinner! I'll have to check out that restaurant while I'm here though!
Baylee you did it to us too.
Is the site down???
I love you girl's lol :)
Sparse juice.
Shut your mouth. I am tempted. I love him.
thank you! I sure do...and he's leaving me a gift in his drawers right now.... :)
I ain't no heat fan but they bout to fuck New York night up
Thanks for RT!
oh and did i mention that i was 21........
my own talk there, "Codecs, Gramophones, and the Voices of the Dead", will focus on the Oxen of the Sun ep. Hope to meet you there!
Don't forget today before noon 50% off any drink!!!! Show us your tweet! :)
What is your favorite Tiesta Tea?
There are low spots in our lives, but there are also high spots, and most of them have come through encouragement from someone else. –...
Great no call. Don't reward Wade for jumping into people
Good morning, good good morning
your scoring title comparison listed jordan and shaq being from the 97-78 season. impossible!
Fuck hospitals. I just need to study I'm fine now.
Obama cares,
We dont leave em at the house we bring em out
tell me about it! I still have to voice & been taking it too along with mass amounts of cough drops. All for the love of #DCU :-)
I want a tattoo!
": Looking forward to Portland tomorrow!! 2 words.. VOODOO DOUGHNUTS \o/" best doughnuts ever!
I came here to swim
I will see you in half an hour.
From that pic, I recognize Austin,alex, Robert,and that guy (idk his name but I saw home on a video with alex) and that's an AWESOME chain.
No Sheldon, Leonard or Howard from Big Bang
Ugh I should not have to do hw on my vacation
Lots O-Week stuff going on next week so be sure to keep a close eye on the Tweets...might even have a few prizes to give away
I was thinking about discipleship, how that starts with listening to His truth thru the Holy Spirit
Learned at Dr Ed Guinness's talk at the StL Sci Center that the current Mars Rovers run on 386s. I ran an XWing game on one of those.
Thanks Veterans. Gratitude for all you have given and continue to give.
I'm never watching a scary movie at 3 am again.. #hatebeingalone #nosleeptonight 😰
I'm trying to wear a v neck tomorrow....
I'm the type of person who eats all the popcorn while they're still going through the trailers.
Whenever we need to learn something, we attract the people who hold the key to that teaching. Mabel Iam
I wonder if Hugh Douglass will keep his promise and go to church on Sunday, because of Tebow's come from behind T.D.?
“: I fucking hate my parents.”
so does clank when u miss off the rim !
When the answers that you know just prove you wrong, gotta have a little faith to fall back on <3
I love shorts that arent super tight but tight enough.
I definitely wanna try to catch Other Lives since I've never seen them. But they come on at 8pm. So it's whenever.
Quit and deleted.
So harden ain't suppose to block Kobe shot???? Cmon on ref
Relationships might last longer if people continued doing the things it took to get the person in the first place.
I did.
u already kno
dude, yes. WAKKKKAH
party is for everyone! come! the "we are hiring designers" stuff is a separate thread :)
Sunny here in Wash, DC at Council for #Agriculture Research, #Extension & Teaching with three great #Wisconsin CARET delegates.
I concur! And I am jealous.
Welcome back #HowardUniversity students! 2012 and beyond!
RT : Sure, seek lessons, but don't try to place blame in tragedy. There is no scandal here; only sorrow.
So pumped for the and show tomorrow! :D we are doing interviews with both bands so get stoked! :)
watch out for the ones with free shipping !!!
Good evening, dear.
In ancient Egypt, killing a cat was a crime punishable by death. #odd facts
NATIONAL FIELD&FOCUS Framingham,MA lying sacks of shit..saying "no answer is right or wrong, you wont disqualify yourself" SURPRISE.. DQ'D
five quadrillion words in Hathi trust.
Glad you cleared that all up.
im sure rob mac will assess any potential danger and perform the proper ocular patdown before anything gets out of hand
Why America Needs a Left: A Historical Argument by Eli Zaretsky G'90, F'80 now available from Wiley.
Things to do today: get out & enjoy the sunshine, grab a seat @ one of our patio tables or @ our bar, celebrate Fri w/Happy Hour from 3-7pm!
Y-Triple Threat Number 2 complete. I died a little less.
Thanks for the great meal again last saturday and entertaining us canadians.
I follow (from Denver). Of all Detroit stations the #backchannel has the most diverse news! News is not always GOOD!
i have a challenge for you today..see the inside: not the outside... you will know when the time is right. might even be many times :):)
I dropped in on / only to find a bag of 8 o'clock Coffee. I replaced it with Garden Blend.
Good morning
Wishing the wall of whiteboards I'm writing on had spellcheck.
is a weirdo!
should I delete this account..?
#Ryan Good ; trending , <33367549
oh I'm jealous!! I wanna head to the beach too!!
Damn . It doesn't hurt to try new things
I read that by mistake as 'decaffeinate.' The definition pretty much sums up what happens when I give up caffeine.
I'm in chicago
Hey who can I talk to about your burgh verified shirts? Who does the purchasing of them?
> We are now serving Gluten Free Beer to those 21 and over !
is thee FUCKING man! The new age Ice Man!
To be honest "I'm sorry" doesn't mean shit to me. Don't keep saying you're sorry if you're gonna keep doing the same shit over & over again.
It'll be a somber mood in skating rinks all over tonight. You know, cause it's full of people who resorted to skating.
My boy saw the struggle fro and facial hair today.
I was mad, but then you made it better<3
what's for dinner?
Sounds fantastic. Making the trek up to Ojo tomorrow myself.
Seriously, is there a secret pot pie or something?
Too bad. Such a nice guy for a coach but he has to deal with SO MANY freshman.
The best one so far, in my opn! #cnndebate": I understand that GOP Debate XLVI was taking place tonight. Did I miss anything?"
Throwing/attending a raging New Years Party? StreamCasting can stream it for you LIVE on the internet! Contact us for more info!
time to learn the ropes :)
haha! Girl you got no IDEA.
12+ hours at the library today...
I started out Cheerio then grew into a Fruit Loop & now since I've aged a bit I'm more like snap crackle pop & Running from a Cereal Killer.
Up can't.sleep....call me
No food in the house after a long trip? Solution = popcorn.
The Challenge of Going Vegan
Omg. They just let my kids FEED A GIRAFFE at the That was AWESOME. I love it here.
Is it just me, or are these iPhones just a bunch of hype!
Information as far as who produced it and what not. Do we need to send that right away or if it's picked are we contacted again
PRT A Vote For "K. Toby Ryan" is a Vote for Live Music! RT Early voting ends today! Get out & support him. YOUR VOTE COUNTS!!!
just about to tweet the same thing. I mean apparently indisputable evidence not necessary for the
hahaha that's better
I have that on my laptop too. It's awesome to have.
A stream of blessings for healing, recovery and radiant health for any loved ones in need of this prayer, and all needing these prayers.
Well...that was ugly.
If u gotta do it yourself then do it
dance party! watch this white girl break out her moves ;') lol
Obama Campaign Headquarters - the mainstream news media. Reporting false and misleading information regarding the jobs report & the polls!
by that line of reasoning, all software is flawed.
6 wins in a row for the , thanks to Jeremy Lin aka #superlintendo. This is true
good job bro! Keep it up....
My mom loves #trance and she's 68... she's always asking me to give her the newest tunes. That's awesome.
that ice cream truck is racist
damn , lol I meant to hoop lol
Great rehearsal today
Thanks, Kevin!
One question can I die like now?
And they tweet about politics.
Thanks for the shoutout! :)
coming very soon!!!! #DaMovement2..... bangin doe
I like your argument!
yes we all hope so
Instead of that why not come to NOLA and get the real deal?!?
I like to think my awkwardness is adorable.
Not a problem. Do you want a fully-inked or a partial coverage tee? Send more details to' info at 1of1apparel dot com' Thxs
RT . Like foreaal doe ": Lmao yo I really don't give a damn what time I get to school anymore .. #LifeOfASenior"
I appreciate the brand mentions but...#amen RT : There should be a 3 Spanx joke limit on any awards show
