just saw your newest DVD that came out. What an amazing piece. This is why you are my all time favorite. Much love man.
Droppin new song in a couple of days!!!
been taking the signs down each evening to avoid folks taking them by "mistake"
check your phone
Mornin Ashley! *smiling back at you*
Being sick is for the birds. This is gunna piss me off.
#SometimesIJustWant to walk and away for good and stay away!! I promise this time I am. GOODBYE!!!
what you're experiencing is the reason I'm a third-shifter now.
Not enough hours in the day.
Omg those are like my two favorite things!!!
Idk about all that she a boss tho but im just team bad girls club they all kinda phony....
Tonight is the Kids Choice Awards :D<3 !!!!
thank you! "Create content, don't just curate and cannibalize it." —Macala Wright
ha! Well I found Austin and trying things from this Texas angle, it's pretty great thus far...how's LA?
Hve a Blessed and Wonderful day!! :)
Hey which shorts are you seeing today?
i think this makes sense if you know what i'm sayin
My fortune cookie: romance is likely; strike up a conversation.
Living rooms are gathering spaces, furniture should promote conversation & interaction. Pull furniture away from walls & face each other
Congrats on 12 Rod!
#NamesForMyChildren Boy: Vincent Isaiah Girl: Alexis Rain
never under estimate your positive influence to society, continue your impact despite any obstacles
you need some booze
Live at Badgers Victory Party at Regent Street Retreat, 3pm!
Just woke from a one hour nap...now am checking emails a bit
So psyched after going to my #writing group today! Feel like I can totally do this!
screw the casbah. im going to the troub
This bitch, is annoying.
Can't wait for - On Trial :: To Drop Friday!
its not the place!! Just like you said...I hate a majority of hardcore kids.
Hey, how's it going man? Was hoping to get that intro footage from you whenever you get a chance.
watching the vow
Trevor Freakin Hoffman!!! Awesome to finally see him in a Brewer uni
Countdown has begun for Game 1 watch party tonight ! Let's Go Thunder!!
Green lantern an joints yeee <3
JUST GOT MY 1D2013 TICKETS IN THE MAIL NO FREAKING WAY MY LIFE IS AMAZING
Story of my life RT : got her number but never saved it
I am glad you appreciate the detail and sense the journey in Wildfire. Russ told me to create an image that the viewer...
I love the new Mighty Mike exhibit music at the #newportaquarium! It reminds me of my fav show !
u have inspired me to follow my dreams.... I cannot thank you enough. :)
When I die, I want everyone to gather at a pub, drink whiskey, and play "The Body of An American" like they did on
What's your favorite holiday tradition?
Helping take photos for prom's slide show
Just in via : After #nafsa11 TweetUp bee swatting incident, sets #nafsa12 policy on who can & cannot hold TweetUp paddles now!
": #teamjacob" glad I'm not alone!
Checking out ski & stay packages for a delayed xmas gift. So anxious for snow -- and I've never said that before!
I love ur dress!!!! Where did u get it?!
yea a pint of him sounds like a 70's porno
Forensic Files .
Can i have a crazy assed fling w/ one ditzy bad ass spanish chick PLEASE lol
Ill-conceived summer treat of the day: pineapple sorbet and, well... gin.
I kinda want to do a collab video with someone.
381k to end day 2 of #wpt jacksonville. in the top 5 with around 50 left. 1500/3k blinds tomorrow. big day!
Liberals hate Christians but love muslims, which means that people would rather be executed than made to feel guilty for their sin.
I had a sweet treat today :) organic banana, with peanut butter, raw cacao nibs and raw agave. OMG it was good!!
Good idea! We want to do al of those things, too.
ur living afar from south florida, eh? how's life treating ya? ;)
are you cheering next year? Btw I lost your #
OMG! LOVE THE REVIEW!!!!
Storms+track meet=grumpy makala.
It's truly a shame that Bristol Palin is still not running a think tank. But her husband probably doesn't want her to work outside the home
i know but, there's like no one wanna be like that for me :/ i was btw :D i change my username. lol
what is contact info
why does your phone have to be inaccessible at the most inopportune times?
there definitely is a such thing as a prodigy. one of my faves back in the day. "i'ma fire starter...!"
#MyPastRelationships were a very good lesson.
Big Three, Big Time. #Celtics #AllAbout18 Shaq an inspiration! BEV! Big Emotional Victory.
Suzanna Burke is great Arthur Levine
Very soon Harriet Fulbright College will announce a collaborative agreement with one of Washington's prestigious universities.
OMG Dizzam! is hosting SNL right now. My night is made! That accent makes everything hot! #la noche sabado viva
i dont like shows like that!
so you're a fan of the hornets and the bobcats? Sounds awesome
Srsly how do I actually have friends.
Now we have exclusive FB/Twitter Sunday offers to help finish off the weekend! Just for our FB fans/Twitter followers!
my nail breaks #calmdown!!
Wanted-marketing manager who is passionate about online advertising and builds beautiful powerpoint presentations!
Palmer or Sanchez today? OAK inactives: Moore and Ford, DHB and Chaz are starting WRs.
Ben Brust never went to Iowa and got to leave the program because the coach that recruited and signed him got fired
Looking forward to seeing #TheConvert tonight 's Kirk Douglas with I hear good things!
my third period teacher and sgt. Burns 😁😄
and I drive drunk and high so much. #YOLO till you die...
thanks, have great weekend
omg we could double date (;
I am liking this Pandora app for the BlackBerry. Any other cool "free" BlackBerry apps anyone would like to suggest?
Should be focused on other things. Like listening to this professor 😣
Beautiful day today! Get outside, Columbus!
at the altar? ok.
Turned your back on tomorrow,forget yesterday. Gave you my love to borrow and you just gave it away~(payphone marron 5)
Tis the good reader that makes the good book.
If I unfollow someone do they still exist?
Not yet, but it's on my list! Let me know if u have any other recommendations
Hey, I 've got some new tricks for you in PowerPoint. Sorcerer level stuff. Do you Dropbox?
what's on your mind??
Heavy ammunition for you fuck boys !
ugh my head
Some Boba right now :)
Operator: 9-1-1 please hold. Me: Ok. Wait, stop stabbing me for a sec. Murderer: K.
Back to the studio got some heat lined up for the summer
Plan To Make Success Apart Of Your Journey But Execute Until You Succeed...
Thank you for the RT! Will we see you there in just a few short weeks?
Dallas learned folks think arts belong to other people, are only in certain places and aren't for me
#NP Rihanna ft jay z- Talk that talk!
It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision. – "Helen Keller"
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 53
that's great! Thanks do much
If u have to think that much, God don't need to talk -
Full house at #portlandstate scooter parking this morning. Was lucky to get the last open spot.
Thanks for the rt ! Although I feel like Scott should really take credit for that.
If your not building your own dream, someone else will hire you to build theirs for them 👌
I would like Filet, Shrimp & ribs for dinner, my mom is making me MAKE lasagna.
To all my friends and family STILL living in Chicago...did I mention it was almost 70 and sunny in Vegas today!
Saw some nautili today (if that is the plural for nautilius)
My girls may think they've aged out of red construction paper & paper doilies, but I'm itching to buy a fresh glue stick and get started.
hey Kim!
total agreement that process is inefficient and proposal sounds actually feasible. Now what about grant review?
The eagles finally won thank you!!!!! It wasnt looking good for vick, but he gonna bounce back!!!!!
10-grid position penalties for unapproved engine changes in 3 weeks following São Paulo Indy 300 on 4/29 will not be served for Indy 500.
You two are still the same people, why are you expecting a different outcome ?
i bit my sister, she took my carrot i literally body slamed her 2 the ground and bit her arm but its ok... I got my carrot
the stereotype will die when some women stop exhibiting some of these traits. I love my women, have 2 beautiful daughters & wife
I can sympathize. Red Rod Cocktail?
if you ever get caught sleeping at work slowly raise your head and say 'In Jesus name, Amen'"
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED!
Sorry, but gotta shamelessly tweet the Costco love: Ordered a vacuum online on Tuesday that just arrived via FREE Saturday delivery.
It is alive! Visit the new , courtesy of , , and .
I just give them a sympathetic look, Bartleby them, and hope that granny with a suitcase isn't trying to blow up Penn.
Just read 4Chapters of CRASH INTO YOU by -totally impressed! Going2 pick up kids @ school, then back2 reading.May cancel dinner.
Find the Best Education Material at &#39;The 26th Seoul International EDU-Care Fair for Children&#39;
yes we will do them for the four brands! you guys rock!
gonna check it out next week
It is so funny to see Craig's List posts where you have to tilt your head to look at the photo.
id rathe go to hell
What does SLTH mean?
Ugh mother pecker! So this is how my finches feel after binging on birdseeds.
you are creative
That's how I feel about dairy products.
I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue
Last time the colts won, oprah said no to chicken
RT : We will announce a very "hot" author later today...
hopefully you'll feel better :)
I'm not married. It's just easier than saying "my baby's father's mother."
Another quality session at the lab w/ &
Getting r new loft inorder
good did u do hw
Finna Hit The Hay Sack ! In a Liddo Bit , Very Tiredd . : )
Forecast: Rain with a chance of other news.
Congrats! Also, looks like there's no direct Chinese translation for "DJ."
This time next week some of our tutors are going to get a surprise visit from... (Hey- I said its a surprise!)
/wishes he was in the Diablo 3 beta like all the other jerks.
I myself have more of the tarnish of the class clown.
swimwear in america is not made for people with asses
"Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen." Leonardo da Vinci HAPPY B-DAY LEO
Today got to get on my own grind :p :)))) right meow!
To Slightly Injure a Mockingbird
I keep getting spam tweets and dm's from you!
“Those that don't got it, can't show it. Those that got it, can't hide it. ” ~ Zora Neale Hurston
I just finished watching...I'm bawling 😪😪😪
Basically an in depth report on how forensic science is often wrong and people spend their lives in jail for no reason.
and none for Mercedes Jones bye
What if
Good morning DC!
RT : Orlando FL what's up!
but turn our looking like a fool trying too protect they pride
Thanks for all the recent new followers! You guys are the best :)
Wow. I was #950 in Middleton at 3pm ... Of 11k. Low there ... So far.
Note bene: if you want me to use your software at school, don't make the login protocol Facebook. It's blocked. Thanks!
": Is the light that you've chosen free from regret" You talking about weed?
fyi, a side project I did while building TropicMint... my Weather Genie iPad app is #1 overall in France today... cheers
I hate how everyones being mean to me in henzes
I'm a web designer with close to 10 years experience. Any additional info would be great.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. - Buddha
In downtown Manhattan? Come try our homemade ny style #pizza. 1 slice for $1 at #cafe41! Can't beat this lunch deal.
But where is Jordin Sparks?
Watching CNN at the gym: Study finds people happiest at age 33. Don't feel like I've already peaked, but hope that is loving 33!
it will be though :3 in like.... 10months LOL
hey! follow back?
#thesadmoment when you need a hug, but you're all alone .
I don't remember the lyrics, really. Just stuff about leaving Cape Cod.
Thanks for the tip Steve! Kings X was the first band I really dug(!), learned it all on 4 strings though!
ugh! The muse invited her cousin Reality to screw up my plans! Just settling in for an attempt at an #amwriting goal of 1K.
Planning a community meeting on April 13th - hold the date - details to follow
Surprise coming soon! Keep your eyes peeled, everyone!!
I have 28 more pounds to loose. It will be Time's All Gone for every jog, all jog.
Volunteer work - (we have a very altrusitic team)
Agreed. This is only the beginning...
Do not scheme against people.
Wow , he really just pissed me off !
PEOPLE SAY AFTER 30 U SHOULD GIVE UP RAPPING DONTBELIVEDATBULLSHIT HELL WHEN CAME THE GAME HE WAS 31
Wow. There's nothing like playing T-ball in a T-storm with 15 crying five year olds.
open monday through friday 10am to 5pm and on saturday and sunday, 1pm to 5pm! and you know what-- it's FREE!
Ensure your business and personal sites are compatible with search engines and mobile devices! Save time and money. Mention Code FB2011!
Had a blast playing with the kids Caleb, Lilly, and Olivia. With my girl 
thank you sir
I couldn't resist anymore. Tuned into now to fall into a coma-like sleep with sweet dreams :) Good night beautiful people
Thanks man...Gotta do 1 last baby arm tour LOL
RT: “: #students are an often overlooked & untapped resource of educational knowledge & expertise.” We totally agree!
I'm starting to see more ppl shifting towards the drugs I see and becoming accepting of it .. I like it
DC's unemployment rate compared to the rest of the country is only 5.9%
felt good to do weights..it hurt but it still felt good..body finna be on point by end of nxt month.
It wasn't like I thought it was gonna be. It was fun, my coworkers had me cracking tf up like dying forreal lmao.
lets trade a verse for 3 exclusive beats real rap
They may not make it passed Boston now.
you can break my heart in a seconds; but you can also make me forgive you in a second.</3
San Diego, California Weather :: 65F PARTLY CLOUDY: 65F PARTLY CLOUDY
Thank you! How have you been?
Survive now, win later.
but how exciting was it when he finally got out?!
I really pray that one of these days, this running thing will A) get easier and B) make me less famished. Or, that C) I'll get stronger.:-)
Feeling terrific about my efforts tonyt. Only hold up was having to wait on a bench but outside of that I gunned it! Green protein up next!
Thanks for following. Loving your quotes!
People tell me there are plenty of fish in the sea, well that's nice and all but I’m human, I don't date fish
Weird! I thought I did!
complete and utter bullshit.
lol I'm done
why is there a 'w' in answer?
Ziva has started excavating her hole along the fence under the sand cherries. Sign of
"The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook." ~William James (via )
they add liquid detergent to the beer
lemme get your email and ill send you an instrumental to rap on with us!
Tom Grieve is a Major League idiot!
If you missed out today...Westside open Sunday 11 - 4.
I told you to be patient. I told you to be fine. And I told you to be balanced. And I told you to be kind.
“: #BREAKING UPDATE: The man who barricaded himself inside on Post Street is believed to be a Rohnert Park murder suspect.”
thank YOU
Duffys daughters are hot. Wow!
I'm going to kill you all.
well ur a funny lady I'm not driving all the way to ric then to Boston #youmustbejoking haha if u were home I'd drive
T-Minus 3 days #Milwaukee !!!
dont get the whooping cough
I don't like to smoke bc I get a headache when I'm high but drinkings okay! It feels good during
Did you know?! "A twit is the technical term for a pregnant goldfish" YOU'RE WELCOME!
When it rains, it pours.
awh thank you very much!!! Hopefully we'll see you again soon!
now please
I'm cooking the most awesome, incredible Ultimate Platinum Warrior Edition Chicken Soup 2.0
gonna miss you bro:(
Any mention of gospel I've made refers more to the abundance of spirituals & such in bluegrass & roots canon. (more)
Day 2 of no caffeine = many aspirin
Looking for tickets to We Came As Romans @ The Chain Reaction. Help a brotha' out!
Women in Los Angeles don't smile enough
if not, it will be soon! Happy Friday!
Happy Monday! Who watched the last night?
Listen to the Boy Band station!
": Boxing match = waste of time, MMA Fight= Worth every second. #MMAIsTheBest"
oh alright
“: Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by the age of eighteen. ~ Albert Einstein” of prejudices AND judgments" BK
- you can add it to my whiteboard. Or should I pass it over to Marketing?
never chase vodka with beer...never ever
thanks, Joe - appreciate the feedback + great event
How can a contingent get a satellite center of the Foundation Center in Gwinnett County? It's the most populous county in GA.
I think I will just stop doing homework that doesn't help me. Don't get me wrong; some of it does. But most doesn't.
Thankful 4 laborers in the field. Gr8ful 4 leaders with vision. Amazed at my Lord who does forsake me, but rather shows me grace and mercy.
Last chance for some good Mexican food before the super bowl
Finally home <3
#Ravens - so proud of our team!Happy Monday all. November is in full swing. Call TODAY for Breakfast with Santa OR Snack/Story w/Santa tix!
yes this is true i,ve said it too
just bought their album and am listening to them before my LAST final!! Woo hoo :))
they lost me at "laff"
Thanks for the amazing #cupcakes you delivered to our office today!
Anyone else having problems with Tweetdeck crashing on the iPod touch?
#bucciovertimechallenge sequin and beagle
cool recruiters show up to also, I hear they can help ;-)
RT Pls pardon the dust on our website & blog. doing complete refresh of our brand 2 better represent our vision & new svcs
You can't keep running in and outta my life cuz my heart is yearning for ur love!
Crazy chick on the court.
They're my favorite
Walking by a campus tour, better tuck my shirt in.
Haha nice pic, thats what I like to see!
yes. I have mixed feelings about it.
Kobe drops 30+ on the #Heat. #Lakers are tryin to make that run. #Black Mambo is back.
Finally home! :D
Meh! :( i gotts to gets at least 20 followerz! Or im gonna have a spasm!
You deserve it!!
Wedding was great....it's so nice to see family! weather is perfect!! Don't want to leave. How's Alabama?
Wired World of Sports crew is looking forward to the 2009 IAAF World Championships in Athletics ... we should have some live updates coming
Pinching myself, watching City and Colour soundcheck right now. You're in for a real treat tonight, Milwaukee.
WE ARE LIVE AT #RINGOFHONOR RIGHT NOW IN
I don't cry any more when I watch videos of the atrocities of the day but yours got me today Thk U hope my seeds helped you
That makes me so happy! RT saw your commercial on TV a few minutes ago :D
Scares the hell out of me, Brian. If these fascists solidify power, I foresee a serious counter movement arising...
Just made it to the parade and it's in full swing! Thousands are gathered on Market Street to catch a glimpse of the parade
Beautiful women are my weakness I doran women nt little girls in the head
We have over 20 years of personal experience treating customers to the finest luxury sedan transportation at reasonable costs! Try us today!
thank you everyone who has voted!!!
does anyone else not like the newest TweetDeck compared to v 0.38.1besides me? seems likes posts are happening much slower then w/older ver
Our archive is open to all! See our site at larc.tulane.edu. Some of us will probably be at SAA during the 2nd week of August.
Rising individuals pull power away from institutions, trend for next 20 years
I was in a staged reading of "St. Louie Blues" last night at Centenary Stage Company.
haha I think if he actually came to The Jack's that I work at, I might fangirl out. Ask for his autograph and all that chiz.
ah! Im excited for the didnt mean it music video! #WeWantDidntMeanItMusicVideo!!! :)
lol yeah, I have a dress & ticket.. Not going to tive that up. Awww, thanks Vanessa :')
God, I hope you're wrong.
Damn! RT #Brewers GM Doug Melvin confirms Mat Gamel has torn ACL. Probably season ending.
Depends on people's def. of clutch.
12 days until.....
thank you
Agile is a cargo cult. It worked for smart people, we must unthinkingly follow.
Welp, guess I'll make moves. Feels good to be off for once lol
It's official. is now part of the portfolio. Just in time to kick some butt at SXSW.
Good morning Miami! #happymonday everybody,we hope that you enjoyed your weekend as we did. Let's start with
Goodnight my Tweethearts.
Themes so far: babies & the apocalypse. Oh, and cars.
#NoOneCaresAboutYourBracket if you have any team other than UK winning it all
Darla, this time they tweeted point of view
There are rumors my husband is looking into starting running soon, to which I say Yay! I don't even like running, but I will w/him.
we trading spaces.
Sound good
Lets go broncos its
We were going to mcdonalds yesterday,to surprise the kids we were watching so Kimi said we were going to Narnia, and I was like To see Nick?
I'm in Bud Light hotel lobby. Get here fast
No problem! It's been a great help to me -- my desk and walls are no longer covered in Post It notes!
#GriffinTo10K everyone go follow her! :)
morning friend
Me please
"Years that pass fast and slowly through us."-- sigh
I was thinking pags or quatros or 17th street? I'll be back sun to
Request to Obama supporters: Please show me his plan to cut spending substantially. I say it does not exist.
I don't care if Congress owns stock. I just want them to do their freaking jobs.
OMG D: legit?
asking me to be her bridesmaid >>>>>>>> love that she will be my sister in law 💍💜
Sunny skies, white sand, and clear water! Join us for some reggae in the Pier Bar tonight with One Irie!
One of my kids just asked what I'll be doing in "Salty City, U-Talk"
love living in Florida(;
The Best Friday Night Party T's Place
Space heater on high and the power has flickered a lot. I think it's reflects my whimpy circuit breaker & not a bigger power issue. Right?
Yeah Thats what i thought
But I digress...
First time at the Y. Im digging it!
I don't know man. Art supply stores have stopped selling my favorite pencils. I'm gonna complain about that indefinitely :)
WEARABLE YOGURT.
Uh oh. That doesn't sound good.
Just uninstalled Google Drive on my PC after it brought my system to a crawl. Another AWESOME product from !
Ocho is on a roll tonight - but it wasn't that funny to shit yourself...
Is OFF Now
thank you so much for following i cant thank you all enough :)
Nothing like showing up to work and SURPRISE you're primary on-call this week.
How often do u hear white girls say "I so need a tan, I'm so pale" LOL
Finally back to the comfort of my own home... oh what a crazy, bizarre, and overall strange night. Looking forward to crawling into bed!
my hero. THANK YOU.
Bosh making 18' jumpers D Wade making contested step backs and LeBron putting people in the basket... How can you beat the Heat 4 times!?!?
may your baby arrive soon and with lack of drama. We are waiting with u
Trying to understand tweets!
Having dinner at Adolfo Garcia's new restaurant #Ancora on Freret! yay for pizza
Five years from now, Clippers-Grizzlies could be an awesome rivalry.
aw:) y'all started dating January 2nd too?
On our way to the Hospital, can't wait to meet my son!!!
i think the cubs fan in you is blurring your reality on this one
It's test month! Is anyone taking it? How are you feeling?
Hey You: What are you doing this Thursday night? Come hear The Gravel Spreaders at 4th St Tavern in San Rafael.
-- so, what's your big plan for the new year?
cmgeluk: #sla2010 the Collection Intelligence session on Mon was one of the best I attended...taking back a lot of good stuff
you should pull a swift and start writing songs about people, good and bad. But
did...Aaron tell you...ya know..
Kentucky missing free throws????? Why couldn't they have done that LAST weekend????
so....i finally saw the "boyfriend" music video from justin bieber...
you just have to have her grade in by the end of the grading period.
follow back naughty
Hart was very deep, and guarding the line. Following the scouting report, I'm sure, but it didn't work out.
that's awesome!! What do her lips look like in real life?
What a great St. Patrick's Day! Check out our Post St. Pat's Day event with WAAF & Shawn Thornton! Tuesday, March 20th...
Spanish music sounds sexier hahah😉
FDNY temporarily busted up Screen Slate's show tonight suspecting was a meth lab.
100 users...ring the bell!
Sexy octopus
Haha, I'd just run with it and have all the fun you can along the way LOL.
New shoes just arrived & they look fab! Claudia in cust. service dept was very helpful in sorting out my order. Thanks!!
Just throwing it out there. Where do I rate on your all-time asshole scale 1-10? Don't worry about offending me, assholes dont get offended.
I've seen figures that contradict the 52% # a lot depends upon question wording
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful mothers, grandmothers and great grandmothers put there!
bet you didn't get any shoes at nike town
Repair character faults....identify where you are weak ......self development...
that, my friend, is an issue.
I like DH jocularity, but don't think tech is an out. We all have mortality issues. Denial, swagger, humor, compassion.
Still 6-3 going into the top of the 5th
Encourages submissions without perfection. Universe of readers is small--most looking to see who's publishing. ;)
May the 4th be with you today!!
At tax time I want for a document/receipts scanner, or better yet, 100% electronic receipts/docs.
Oprah behind the scenes was clearly unhappy and had to float two other shows. You can watch it yourself on Oprah's network.
You're welcome. Good Luck.
yes or no??
If people don't add to your vision you must minus them from your mission...
Come on RJ. We wanted a vicious "28 Days Later" #zombie, not one Scooby and those meddling kids could catch.
1st thing dad bought when he moved us to US.. RT : RIP Encyclopedia Britannica. It was announced that after 244 years it will...
Favorite food Zebra pudding!
Love it!! They betta get ready.
watching this makes me anxious to start racing more 800s next season
Clear evidence of negative impacts of house sparrows on native species? What about benefits of house sparrows, other than their loveliness?
Looking forward the celebration & DJ set by 2nite at Rehab. Happy bday !
Just touched down in MIA! Had an amazing flight and sad to have left Europe, but all good things must come to an end.
I am having just a fabulous morning! Yay, Monday!
RT : The Checkers went 2-0-0 over the weekend to reclaim first in the Midwest.
You too. Yipee!
Student Pastors.... Make much of JESUS tonight! He alone matters and can change your students lives! 2 Cor 4:5 -
Be sure to come to TryOuts March 5th!!! It'll b 21 & up, dress code strictly enforced, BYOB, and one cover charge @ the door.
Broken hearts do mend. Pray, think, pray... then decide. Don't be quick about it a decision / try to take in too much advice.
Shake up the happiness Wake up the happiness Shake up the happiness It’s Christmas time
Nicely done!
#MUCat end of the day's summit. Pizza time!
its one of my favorites!
they left sleep mode last night
yea take that people. Victors im never going there again. After i saw a transgender dancing it up.
RT : McClellin standing out amongst D linemen in positional drills. Good balance, quick feet.
Comics AM | The Walking Dead continues bookstore domination - Comic Book Resources
how you doing today??
Follow-up on yesterday: campus computing e-mailed to admit their error in flagging my account for bandwidth abuse. Feeling vindicated.
if you wait, it shall come.
So there's this boy.....and he kinda gots my heart<3
Can't beleave I'm gonna be 24 in 6 days!?! Man I'm getting old...
what do you think about wearing non-prescription eyeglasses as an accessory after having LASIK?
SOMEONE TELL HER TO STOP~~~
thanks Jason
Just don't forget the sunscreen! RT : Yahoo Sunshine! Let's get outside Portland!
Going to be a fun Senior year :) -A
-Happy to--you are welcome!
Coleman Hawking~ If you dont make mistakes you arent really trying.
love the 'apps for bibliophiles...' class being offered by ! Would you mind if we stole the idea? Thanks!
thank you!!
wait, they added another date for chicago?
It's days like today I wish I worked outside.
Hey! That's mean to me!!
just let me know, I look forward to it :)
KFC mistakenly translated its "finger-lickin' good" tagline to "eat your fingers off" in Chinese.
this is true lol RT “: correction: karma is the biggest bitch ;)”
Scissors?! That's as anachronistic as filling out codesheets by hand, which I understand they also used to do in ancient times.
I just sent her another game request. Let's go! RT “: Is gonna forfeit this game? #wordfeud”
And plenty of rum to drink
Having fellow christian believers walk door to door to talk about jesus<<<< I ALREADY GO TO CHURCH
Well sure throw white pants on the water heater and lay them on dirty pipes and crap. #ruined Thanks.
JOEY VOTTO IS THE MAN
Another nice day that I'm gunna be stuck at work.
I thought running out of money was the worst feeling in the world ! I never thought running out of kush would feel worse !
Hm I wear 4in "It was discovered that wearing 2 inch heels improves the strength of the pelvic muscles, which in turn helps women orgasm."
*twirls like lil kim in the video* RT : This is my song for real no doubt...
We are putting together a 20,000 unit artist compilation for festivals this summer. email if you want in!
Hello from Houston, TX! I use twitter to connect & learn with my PLN. A most powerful tool!
I'm thinking your shows aren't 3 hours apiece...
There's plenty of fish in the sea, I just suck at fishing.
#3WordsForYou You are perfect.
You may change but memories with you won't.
Five more days of high school. FIVE. I CAN DO THIS.
Thank you, Stuart!
true statement
Don't talk just listen.
New holiday tradition, annual Reading of the Sedaris?
haha it's such a ridiculous show. Thanks for the FF! :) Hope you have a fun weekend lined up
team - nice job with the Kindle Fire Tablet. Great product at a great price. Well done!
rename it ChaLukA ?
Wrote the longest note ever 😳
good point! The lemon-ginger sounds amazing too!
Bye. going to jelenasss
Listening to the #STEMConnector Town Hall Meeting, CEO Edie Fraser, "It's about public-private partnership!"
then we'll enemies, I guess. Sounds like you're really looking forward to my fist up your ass when we finally meet.
I hate college but love all the parties just because I'm single doesn't mean I'm looking for somebody ... #summerwhereyaat ??
Trust and respect, so hard to gain, so easy to lose.
Be on the lookout and follow He stays on that real talk. Also known for comin' down and holdin' up lmao. Seriously, get at him
Henry Kissinger speaking tomorrow @ Washington Hilton DC @ 1:15
in the back of my closet behind my shoes xD
I'll give it a shot. Been trying to keep packing on size, up to 285lbs at 6'4". Hardheaded & don't want to lose size.
Yes! Love it :)
Why is Marte allowed to play baseball?
Back at u! Lamb Meatballs "lunch" 10:30am - Nice! RT : you da the man! #stronger #everyday jay
If this was drug case, everything may well be answered: Maybe the Civil Rights Hoodie Folks could demand fewer civil rights for “Hoodies"
I would really love a holiday to Dubai at this moment in time
Life is about trying other things to see if they work- InSpotter mobile app
YOU MISSED THAT?!?!
Can't seem to go to sleep
Hotel wifi produces its own form of disintermediation.
damn you
Yep. It's snowing right now. Very lightly, but that is snow.
there is no way in hell I would eat or drink anything that she made
thanks so much for telling people to follow us (: thats SO nice ! THANKYOUU . (: followed both of you .
play date my ass!! Jaja got a laugh out..
you are my favorite guido I hope you bring back back growing up gotti
I agree with you on this one.
Today is National Walk at Lunch Day! Don't forget to rub Testudo's nose as you stroll McKeldin Mall. Get moving and enjoy the lovely day!
hey pulled over you in your Porsche, thats sad :(
I be trappin I be trappin I be workin I be twerkin I be movin I be juggin I be bustin down them birds
I wanted to feel glutenous without wrecking the diet, so I used the handicap stall...
if there was anyone you'd say was to blame, who would it be?
Yay! It's disgusting here tonight.
We can't wait for it to be here & then it's over so fast! :( Gonna have HORRIBLE PCD!!
but if there was an all knowing god it would surely have spoken limbo into existence first so that it could exist inside itself
It is like an aged man reclining under the shadow of an oak which he has planted
Pretty good. What about you? Oh and I smoke cigarettes now, didn't see that one coming haha.
what is digital transformation guru?
WIN A Travel Mug
Thank you to the rest of AYS Supporters that aided in the RT's of our 3rd Ann. A Youthfield Day Picnic!!! Could not have done it w/o YOU.
No, but Louis CK does, and he's so much better!
Am I ever going to get a break from this constant downward spiral?
great day to be a brewers fan?
LOL That was too funny! Thanks for the follow and following back.
#ReasonsWeCantBeTogether I can't trust u with my heart</3
#AndysSundayJazzJam Thx for coign out Here's to the Plays & Vocalists on who came out to share their talents. We appreciate you. Hope2cuAgn
Women: they are never satis-fuckin-fied...women...stop it
he said hi and let's do something in tokyo in autumn together!
so fun - cant wait for next weekend!
Auto Racing Capsules: Kurt Busch wins at Nationwide race at Richmond
I gawt time for a massage! RT : You massaged me over 100 times with no responds
Like what if they play WMYB at prom?! I hear they play it at a lot of proms. Omg I will dance like a freak idgaf.
Couple Plays for Saturday from Sports-Plus Navy -6.5 and South Fla -2.5
We still have more than an hour to kill before prom.
Neighborhood patrols increase after string of break-ins and burglaries in Fishers
Groovesect will be back at Tipitina's in two weeks (2/19) for Papa Mali's Supernatural Ball with the Hot 8 Brass Band, John Mooney, & more!
Good rule of thumb is when your profession is portrayed in popular culture it's best to stay away.
Today it gets better...
That awkward moment when you yell "Hey slut!" and 15 girls turn around.
What should I do? Tell him straight up I like him or what?
Good Morning Ppl
Did you know? October is National Seafood Month. We're celebrating today w a contest, questions & more. Follow #MortonsSeafood to join!
RT #MANNINGWATCH... Broncos sources say they haven't been told they are out of running for PM.
Hi Keith, like to discuss how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you engage with users & understand proprietary data. Follow 2 DM?
I am way to hype right now I swear.
I'm hostile when shit doesn't go my way .
true, either way #urr runs it.
On the auto train to Florida! Very cool experience with the kids!!
i wish i had things to do on spring break woooh hooo im sitting at home like i do everyday
Jessica Simpson reportedly paid $800K by People magazine for first baby pics.
Too much going on
how can we get onto your event schedule? We are a bi-monthly demo & #VC pitch event in #SF &
I missed out on seeing your film at the Wisconsin Film Festival. I heard that Point Cinema is showing it, can you confirm this?
u guys are really excited arent u? Lol love u all. <3
Options to cut: Sundays at Central (250K in overtime pay)
Got milk?
are you gonna come in next weekend for my birthday ? ):
You guys ready? I know is!
WHEN A GIRL WALKS IN WITHA ITTY BITTY WAIST AND A ROUND THING IN YO FACE
I wonder what mb is doing at this exact time! RT IF U WONDER 2
you'll be the prince , and I'll be the princess it's a love story baby just say yes (;
Up and tweeting before you! Springfield or bust for the Illinois state History Day finals! Honored and excited to be part of it.
Black Friday Sale Starts Today!!!! Use promo Code BlackFriday for 20% off all Products. Sale Ends Sat!
sweet - that is good news.
Hey Wheres the staff handing out the logo emblazoned umbrellas?
good! and yes, that Dr.Seuss quote is 100% correct!!
will post it soon. For now all I can say is its Greek food, not in greektown.
okay. i love you, twitter, but i gotta get some work done now. really, i'm going. honest. :(
We were meant to live :)) OKAY. I miss my playlist AGAIN. :)) Watched P.S. I love you. Super nice!
OMM!! your in Miami! Omg I really wish that I can meet you!!! Ohmygod!! I love you! Are u Heading the beach today ? ;)
yeah no problem I appreciate your follow too bro
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place
Tis the season to be writing offers. Ending 2011 with a bang!
can't stop humming Paranoid.
and paying for gas > paying for rent
I'm so sorry to hear about Mary :( I didn't know her, but she will be forever missed </3
interesting #dthr show today w/ guest thanks
Water is my favorite beverage
Asian chick rapping to
Morbidly obese people are always the first ones to give you health advice! Stfu.
Thanks for the follow Bun Lai (MiyasSushi)! :)
nice! I want to visit!
Why is "The Buckle" full of over-cooked douche-wear?
Thanks Cuzo! RT I got it in the house I will send it to you
Did you know Orcas prey on other whales? Some stunning video of them attacking a Gray Whale and her calf..
oh ok il do that! :) thanks for explaining.. iv never understood what that was even after 2 years on twitter!
haha I shall find out soon enough! There is a lot of freelancing. And lots of colleges.
Listening to my parents talk, reminds me of how I don't want my relationships to be.
Ha!!! I'm def reading the book(s?) after.
Anybody at Venetian got an iPhone charger I can use during dinner?
quinoa is all the rage now
is Manny Pacquiao and Is Bob Arum.. they tryna stay away from !!! SMDH
I need a new apartment checkin name for my new place on cap hill. Suggestions twitterverse?
thanks Paul I appreciate that bro! How are you doing man?
No question mark! Yes, it was fun-- thanks for the invite! :)
if love was easy it wouldn't be as valuable. Ppl want what they can't have and value what they have to earn.
How can we help you? Do you need your social media managed? Laptop screen fixed? Computer running slow? Antivirus needed? 775-636-8378 ^jl
RT I'm hosting tomorrow at Knitting Factory with Wyatt Cenac, , Alex Koll, and Charlotte Macdonald.
Full week for us! India House Show on 2/16, IWU chapels & Friday Night Live on 2/17, services at Eastside Church Of God on 2/19.
Now following
You're not invisible to me (: Disciple.
YOO dont get to thoughed tonight remember we got a shoot tomorrow haha
Just picked up the special edition of Space Jam on DVD at for $2. Day made!
Conway st east blocked between 395 and convention center for accident
ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS AND I HEAR YOU TALKIN BUT YOU AINT SHOWIN ME SHIT
You could be right! My other concern is that this is the result of years of bad stationary habits...
well we can still know our selves here on twitter
nigga u should be doing something with your life hahaha
After three days of 4-hr intense yoga practices, I'm planning a recovery meal for this evening. Any suggestions?
Yyyouuuuurrrrrmmmmm being up early stinks! Unless you're writing music... :)
I have been sitting at mcdonalds for 20min. waiting for food! i thought it was supposed to be a FAST food restraunt!haha.
LA time! Fitness that is! Wats your fav workout routine?
Loved Nirvana
Since almost walking out & spilling lunch, been asked if I'm French or a cowboy, read for checking out a hot customer, talked art & Divine.
if u say so
The 12:30 Hot class today is free for all of the mamas! Happy Mother's Day!
but wait! there's more!
We love our Honda Fit. Small outside to park, biggish inside to pack. High mpg. <20k new. Honda reliability.
Reminder 2012 Fringe applications are due 5pm this Monday the 26th. Either email or submit hard copy to Theater office.
Here is a fun article with examples of some of the most creative/unique job advertisements! Which one is your favorite?
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin♡♡♡♡♡♡ 108
miss you too!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 14
I'm the only one who checks Twitter, and I won't be in until after midnight, but I'll check when I do get in, let you know.
Reno.rb is having their monthly meetup at the space tonight (a week earlier than usual) - if you're into Ruby or the web, be here tonight!
: social commerce moves from novelty to priority for retailers - key trend for 2011.
At the Biggest Loser Casting call for my station. Amazed at how many people are smoking here.
Barcelona game :)
I just heard "where have you been" on the radio and it made my day!
"You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing."
OK Done lol!!
At the vet w/ my dog. Vets are the nicest people.
RT My wife claims this is going to be my first full weekend at home since last September... That can't be true!
Wake up any kids, it’s time to find the afikoman!
I have all of this week then we go mon-wed and thursday is a half day :)
you honey! Ill help put it on, places you can't reach, ya know?
Went to bed at 10 Lastnight. Say what?
omg exactly. Nathan is adorable. I smiled like an idiot the night we skyped <3
Algebra End of Course tomorow #
well - I guess meatloaf is going into instant que.
ETS is good right now, elmwood village here we come 💜
yes that's also true, but most hipsters don't have half of their boobs hanging out of their shirts.
Preconference workshops today at #thatcamptx went well, from what I'm hearing! Thanks, THATCampers and presenters, for your enthusiasm!
I know... you are so cool, you always need it warm.
the best thing to do is search acting coaches and classes in your state and inquire amongst the top coaches that come up.
Finally saw the #Goon trailer... Can't wait to see this flick
I tried going to the URL of the image and it was not found (404). Have you checked that it is on the server?
Sooner or later they'll realize what they're missing
If you're not first, you're last....
Time to get ready for #PROM. Shower first 💦
please reply? I've even dying to get one from you ! I love youu !
I can't hear what people are saying on twitter... doh!!! well I'll just go back to reading... lol
Big Thanks for spinning
Check out our shirts and let us know what you think!
Awesome post. Revolution should be linked in #3. We have the right footwear along with an extensive knowledge on running form.
Off to the golf course>>>I love my life
Churchill Mortgage Finalist for “Best in Business” by Nashville Business Journal
Only in #TEXAS - just saw a guy riding his horse on Town Lake. In cowboy hat and everything.
Nice track!
This is just too good! #BretMckenzie! We want more #zachgalifianakis!
Or to put it another way - it's an effective way of controlling how people find you on the Internet
Working with my students at today! Must get coffee. STAT.
Happy Tuesday! Make it a great day!
Going to see The Avengers tonight. Who coming .?
Fantastic, thanks! It's been chilly here in Chi but still not too shabby for April! How's NY?!
Carb loading with and at
Good morning Natalie.
I will be sending a very stern tweet to the cruise line about this. Worst trip ever!
Oh! Do it again!
That's excellent! Good to hear. Hope the holiday season is treating y ou well.
RT : NOH8! RT : I think ppl should be allowed to marry pets & livestock & space aliens & even offspring - it's...
The disrespect continues. Tony Kornheiser gives Pacers 10% chance of 'contending' for NBA title stating inability to compete w Mia, Chi, Bos
thanks for plug. Glad you liked it.
I'm getting way to close with someone I shouldn't be.
Im to turnt up -
I rarely give an assignment without posting rubric on my website. Always surprised by the # that never look at it.
Dear Erin, whose boyfriend lives in the Haight - sorry for pretending to recognize you today. I think it was the running attire?
Mid 30's when you wake up w/increasing clouds throughout the morning. Rain chances will also be on the increase throughout the day. Hi 60.
~ We've LAUNCHED!
#nakedtweetfriday.. who will join me lol
Wow I didn't know Sage Francis collaborated with Bad religion on a song!! Very nice! :)
Can't wait to soon no longer live across from a construction zone where the workers start banging at 7 am on Saturdays
Check out Young Bravo at www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 Follow Pittsburgh's Next Big Thing
There we go
reporting the death of Donna Summer.
what is science objective of climbing Gale Mountain? Are there phyllosilicates up there? Thanks for your tweets!
GLOBE & MAIL: Tobacco Stocks Soar Despite Industry&#39;s Obstacles
Passed another dog walker with an adorable puppy. "Aw! How old is he?" came from my mouth rather than the other person's. Rosco's gettin old
who sings? i wanna record a song with someone!
LOL That's just too funny.
is the Maribor game on tv? Itv4 aren't showing it!
Blood and crip??? What????
I will be giving time management tips for success as well as giving 3 tips for musicians who want to take their playing to the next level
i hate where i live -- got to move.
I'm calling it now. #big12 adds #floridastate & #Louisville by December.
what are you doing anyway? themeing?
Q messed that up. Is it me or are these ESPN announcers way way too happy when we lose?
You say that now but you'll be in your car in 47 minutes lol RT Time for bed.
#CNN - Attorneys for George #Zimmerman said Tuesday they have lost contact with their client and will no longer represent him.
Loiter squad at 11
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death
people that laugh when u fall down~never laugh when they fall down themselves
Hey! Do you still use this thing?
one of my teachers has a strong dislike of twitter... I argue with him about it sometimes...
Ima be late too school .-.
Good for you!! What goes around comes around!
not funny but i enjoy being lovingly annoying..you know you love it...right?
labeled as a bad player
which led to "time: the donuts of the heart"
haha I hate that. Then when you're done, they never come. You on american? Their FA are brats. I get scolded every flight.
#3wordsforyou I miss you.
don't cut it too close! Are you guys taking the train or bus?
Back at flames. Oh Gahd it's Tuesday it's my friends Bday n we bout to get our drink on.
we have a new special - stuffed chicken wings!
I know I miss you guys too, is it busy today?
600th tweet goes out to
Um and I didn't.get any lol
Why is it so hard for ppl to understand that space is the key thing to a clear mind???
working on #bullying project in #albuquerque. on facebook 't just stand there
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try being a role model for ur kids!
RT THIS MOTHER FER “: I don't even know what i did to you but ok?”
I'm doing some research on options for social content aggregation, curation, and display. Would love to connect with you ASAP!
Following 1,001 people. Ah...life is good.
shifting wed meeting fine with me (of course depends when we shift to)--doing an Ableton Live demo 4pm wed
I sure hope so!
Yes, of course! love your Iceland photos too. I am going in May :D
Just got called a "Damn Hippy" by an old man at Walmart. Gotta love that Southern charm.
You have to love what you do to want to do it everyday. - Aaliyah
Awesome day shopping with the best friend , now time for some pizza :D
We're two of a kind - you & me. We're quick to say "fuck 'em".
cini mini! <3 i have yet to gain any funds for the Spain getaway :(
Thank you. “: Say it ain't so! Have thoroughly enjoyed and learned from the weekend business podcast. You will leave a void.”
By far the youngest person in this movie. Oh well!
thanks for the feedback :) we're still testing a few things out but that is a point we're def working on!
Uhh. So full of Olive Garden.
Sunday word trivia: What is the shortest complete sentence in the English language?
I wish you would remember that when you insult me, you're not telling me anything I haven't already told myself a hundred times.
haha omg yes I fricken know what you mean.
Finally off work
um no she didn't fight at WM28
I got the magic in me
VERY OMG.
POicked up my copy of Starhawk...however I doubt I will get the chance to play it today
So I think there's an interesting tension between the casual-user-friendly controller mechanics and the non-casual visual mechanics
Just listening now - thanks!
Watching My Favorite MTV
I love selena n respect her. :)
I'm almost done with this show.
oh, yay! I'd forgotten about Mad Men (husband is away, so my routine is way off). Also now craving BBQ nachos.
Back out to Rocky Butte-- will Police be able to positively ID the remains as Yashanee Vaughn? Will keep you posted.
Yes! Hes legit one of my favorite artist of all times!
since the name change, the webaim URL shortening links to easychirps/accessibletwitter has broken.
Spring break needs to come sooner. I want out of here for a good week.
Freaky Ree Ree just said she can't wait to get to work 2 check u! Just letting u know!
go do some arts and crafts
Thanks to our new followers this week:
We have a cravin' for perfect coffee.. ;) RT : have a cravin for bbq
sadly, our non-fiction is up a few stairs and toward the back of the room, so no one notices me.
Planning my birthday "party" with my mom! #yay! 🎈🎉
Enjoy! For a class or a meeting?
Watching the CrossFit Games on ESPN and feel both inspired and weak as shit.
All these fairy tales are full of shit.
No. It's a smokescreen that will sicken and kill lots of workers while creating the illusion of progress.
Don't you think homemade Toll House cookies should be eaten while still warm?
hehe im not trying :P
Who down to join me for some problem solving at mansion tonight @
I have been waiting for approval for over a week. What's up with that?
Oxford-style debate on Someone just name-checked "the food desert."
Thanks for the mention!
Online dating is hit or miss. There are too many crazy people online, but then again there are crazy people everywhere.
Editing the audiobook like a champ, and soon is going to come by with something delicious to eat.
What is your favorite Pin Ball game?
Hawaii?! That's not too bad at all! :-) Enjoy!
Hee, yes - it's right up my alley. ;) Plus, cute Josh stories! Who wouldn't love?
Using the hashtag #sun seems like a uniquely Seattle thing to do.
I'm thinking about downloading some Muppet Babies episodes for the little one.
I get back on Saturday home slice!
reply to me in dm please
wulker plumbing out of hyde park... Belongs to my boyfriends family.
Crazy I woke up with him on my mind!
To excited for dance moms miami they look too fierce.
-sighs softly-
thank you - are you the blogger "meercat"? If so, where have I read yr stuff?
Craziest thing I've seen in this mad city is the lunch rush at any #salad counter. You had better know your 6 mix-ins and dressing or else!!
Whole u jest went in on sum body
Morning twitter friends :)
Share an update We met with Lee, CEO of the Dallas International Film Festival yesterday. GDAACC is looking forward to being part of it...
"In fiction, diagnosis is reductive" -- Egan
“: So this is what it's like to have a life on a Sunday. Revelation.” It's boring, isn't it!? Can't wait for August.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet someone that's not fucking fake and actually real with me.
love is just a chemical creation.
My son new to twitter and wants 1,000 followers. Can you help reach BBN? He loves UK basketball.
There is a time to be bold and quit worrying about the other guy. This is one of those times.
#Facebook fan-gating is working again (for Pages with Timeline using custom tabs)
Another early morning to watch the tour. I really love sports, there is nothing else on earth that gets me out of bed so early.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou is hot you know that right
Watching on NewFix "Bun's Beat". Just gave u a S/O as one of Houston's up and coming artists on the scene! #WORK!!
LOL! No share Cinnabon. There are cats in this apt. complex 1 of them fakes him out by sitting perfectly still. :-)
Have you seen the Avengers yet?
if you need someone to talk to, i'm here. please stay strong, you can do it! :)
This has been one crazy weird day....
Greatest surprise ever tonight on #walkingdead. If you've read the books, you know what I am talking about.
Up too early as usual.... lol Good Morning!
ass ass ass ass stop anyome got some chickens wings,p a nigga dehydrated!
How would you have handled the Cutler, Marshall, Hillis situations differently?
This coffee is GREAT iced too! Just a lil sweetener (I use Liquid Vanilla Stevia) and some Coconut/Almond Milk and I'm happy!
recommend me a good one :0
so can I get a foot long meatball sub Italian bread toasted bitch if it ain't toasted I swear
There were some great deals on this morning, 50% sunglasses, jewelry and more. Check them out on their website:)
Man's stretch towards the invisible God has elastically evolved bodymind to new height, for everconstant he will shape himself accordingly.
to many followers that will lay down to be on
Cranking out a PR plan It's been a while!
RT : A neutrino walks through a bar.
food pill tonight! leftover vegan kreem of brocoli soup mixed with leftover beans. not my finest work, but healthy for sure.
can u follow me
Hi its super heavyweight hakeem I'm tried of being fat starting now I'm doing 50 push up and 50 situps every hour follow me
2012 resolution - tweet more. FEAR.
I concur with you.
I can mate!!!
when is the draft?
where's it at and when?
We are at Colfax and Clarkson with for our annual food drive. Stop by with your donations and say hi!
Baby I.been.on this to long
thank you sweetz
please it would mean the world to me and my daughters :-)
uhm lol I dnt have the app. I installed it on keyboards :p
o yea I think I know her she barely came out right?
"Younglings taste delicious."
Regardless, I'd rather have a mediocre team than no team at all.
Florida really needs to change that "Stand your Ground" rule...cause it's nothing but just a bunch of B.S. smh
Just checking back. Did you ever get connected w/anyone from ASAP?
Playing the Texans twice in three weeks?? Wow.
no - in my eyes you are.
it was actually our close friend's son....seems we have to go every year.....thank you tho...
Jerry Rice Jr. Plays Football at UCLA UCLA has a bye this week allowing younger players to get some much needed practice time. Among those
UH real dirty lol
RT : If a conservative Fox anchor cut off mic of lib guest challenging network's favored memes, you know they Left would say...
When I come home to you, San Francisco, your golden sun will shine for me. #tony bennett
Fluency (both spoken and written) in French is required
the one of 5 years? :D
The Sunday Twilight Concert Series will be moving after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
how you feeling this morning big guy?
Our new series "Who Do You Think You Are?" will show you how to recognize, talk about, and live your #identity! Come this Sunday. 9:30 & 11
fine then :P Tell Kohl I love him for me!
I hear you pham
We've added another show! We'll be performing @ Artifice August 22nd w/ Fish Circus and Candy Warpop in Las Vegas, NV.
I love #BeeswaxCandles:)
Can't wait to drop this new bootleg! It's gonna be all the electro!
better hurry! Gray pillows coming in now ;)
There is something in every one of us that waits and listens for the sound of the genuine in ourselves. -Howard Thurman
Some days end the right way...not sure what the right way is exactly, but the feeling is more important than the reality!
Im ashamed for both of you. ArtByDjBoy cc: this is a good Outing
Do we know when registration will be live? I can't wait to give you my money/fill out the grad forms for money. :)
Wow! The King Of Pop Dead at 50! What a loss of an incredibly talented American Icon! RIP Michael Jackson!
I would like to move, and start over.
#reasonsThatImSingle too many females act insecure.
thought that said "MOIST FRUSTRATION" for a sec.
So tired 😣
My mom just admitted she puts on my cd in the car, even when I'm not in it. I taught her well. She's singing with me now. :)
just spared myself 250$ thank you i #loveyou…he's a life saver
"for all of you apathetics - you have no more excuses. The tools are now at all of our finger tips."
Marathon not the same without my niggas
thanks for following!!
Ruh roh! gonna have me bawlin again. It's alright Donald. You are surrounded by love now
Create your own #swag set your own #trend be a leader
It's Week 2 of ! Tonight's theme: #GenderBenders. Come sing with us at at 700pm tonight!
It's Friday! Join us today as we grill out on the street and serve fresh off the grill!!
the secret to great string beans? watch in the pickin...make sure they snap and are as small as possible...
Food has never been noisier and louder in our lives, but in some ways noise of it reduces our ability to hear its real music-
Save the Date!! January 26th - HPNG Latino Leaders Networking Event @ Elmo, NYC.
thank you 💛
Tweeps! Can you help us get to 4,000 followers with an RT of one of our tweets? We'd be much obliged :)
Tonight in Kansas City! Salsa at Madrigall! 1627 Oak, KCMO. Lesson at 8:15 then stay for the best night of salsa in KC!
Yes- some defs more egregious than others.Good thing we have a handle on that
Docs coming up in 25 mins, be sure to tune in! He is coming back better than ever!
What a persons Says may mean something, but what a person Does means everything!!
Man i love basketball! cheering for the #Celtics tonight
Please do not laugh here. Egyptians arrested the owner of a 24 hour Belly Dancing TV station. Censorship
.NET is definitely not something I thought I'd be learning this year...
love the speakeasy!
Rex Hudler: "Bruce Chen isn't trying to win fans like Francoeur is. He's trying to win games." Um, what?
Such a beautiful day out! Actually excited for summer :)
Hope to see you as a Wildcat Stan!
Great game today. Our guys really have taken a step to becoming an "elite" program. We gotta keep moving forward not backwards.
You sure about that?
... & I volunteered at Women In Production last year; I can't believe it's already that time of year again...time flys
How about that rookie
#osumath #testing D
If you are looking for a new adventure www.roundtherock.com
you are insane lady! You look incredible! Possibly one of the top 5 best looks of the evening.
With a clay record like his, can't he stop moaning and whining. It's unseemly for a so-called leader
It was so nice to hear about the kids today... we are so happy to help with this great cause!!!
“ “ I'm not addicted to texting. I'm addicted to the person I'm texting ♥””
Thinks he should start a twitter battle because of my last two tweets..
Place for my head - Linkin Park >>>
Chubby Hubby is my freakin faveee!!!! :D
He said on FB fool... "Facebook"
If you were mad today, tomorrow you going hate me.
Nurses are medical educators of many. And we are all thankful for that!
Thank you for following, if there is anything I can do to help you please let me know!
“: You don't come to new york! :(” we are from NYC! Always play new York!
there you go making my heart beat again
sorry the last post was for you he is good...I'm 7 weeks pregnant
What's wrong?
You NYers feel superior to us Windy Citizens. But I bet Rahm could take your Richie Rich mayor with one arm behind his back!
aww i love u know im just playing wit u
Islamophobe Robert Spencer's book says prophet Muhammad didnt exist. Press release says its "far from an anti-Islamic polemic"
No! I dont watch tv or anything haha
I know right! 😏
Err I hate Tampa traffic ... Stopped completely on 275 s
WOO!! Finally, after 16 days my new internet is finally hooked up, following my move!! Holly balls I missed you so much internet
I just went from having 3 days off to having 1 day off. But I work at a bowling alley now so it's all good.
Congrats!! Na'im Lynn New Host Trippin on Tuesday at Comedy Store
Congratulations You've won 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms at Newark Palace Theare. Sorry to those who didn't win!
AUSTIN IS AMAZING AND SO IS YOUR SONG (:
That's to prepare you for what's coming...
... give them to other Drs to fix instead. It's like a complicated game of Hot Potato.
yeah I'm sorta back. Blocked some folks.
#somebodytellmewhy Im attending my first WWE ppv this weekend , capitol punishment :) excited like sheet
If loving cream cheese frosting on an undercooked cinnamon roll is wrong then I don't want to be right. How are you?
what colors go best with a technology enabled learning pods?
You can start on that. We will be starting a class soon.
Oh, I wanna play that new game "Servers Down" everyone on my timeline right now is talking about.
BUT NOW I WANT TO KNOWW!
Top Egyptian Islamic cleric visits Jerusalem
;p <--- Eating Pussy face
House Ed Chair Massey says "We still have 26 witnesses left."
You're welcome! We hope you enjoyed it.
I thought the same thing!!!!(:
369 likes. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Is my immaturity showing?
Even if I don't marry Austin; I want a boy that is like him, he cares about girls feelings, and doesn't break there heart,he actually cares.
DON'T Leave Ur Password On The Computer NUMBER 1 RULE SIS ~
Giving a shout out to my family
mine is "fuck"
Good morning (:
i want to be a cowgirl
I like the way you worked that!
Why, thank you! We will do utmost to be a supportive and informed Board!
1.4 Million SDG&E customers without power. Isn't that all of them?
Chilly? Come warm yourself up with a hot cup of tea at our Porter Square location! They're only 1$ with the purchase of a yogurt :)
this crowd is horrible!! if your team is about to get swept on their home floor you should be LOUD cheering on your team!!
tell the whole world ive gone insane...
If you're trying to contact us for support, is down for a brief period. They should be up and running again in about 10 minutes.
so funny. I think I have the cast of dance moms on mine!
Meh, i really wish i was at the Avengers premiere tonight. Lucky people you~ At least im going to see the Raven tomorrow night.
With the Hunger Games, Mad Men premiere and the Shamless season finale all in the next few days, I'm on pop culture overload
Shower time then making moves
Stay tuned for our Miss America tshirt release coming this afternoon.
Morton's steakhouse tonight... Yee yee!
Where are you? Ya'll having blizzards? Damn! Gotta come to Cali
We'll lead as two kings! We'll fucking lead as two kings.
I KNOW JUSTIN BEIBER DIDN'T JUST FUCKIN PLAY ON MY PANDORA! But it was pretty catchy.
i keep asking everyone all these questions & their getting shitty af, but aye i gotta know
Looking forward to SXSW! Let me know if you'll be there too.
Honoring late bassist Joe Byrd, Keeter Betts' daughter just read 1964 letter from U.S. bossa nova legend Charlie Byrd! Live now on
Google Places won't go anywhere - but it will take your business everywhere!
lets have a girls night. wine and movies? :)
The jury has heard the last they will hear from any of the parties in the #DiMasi trial. On Monday, they'll get their instructions.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer29
That's how you can make your millions.
AOL took 9 years to reach 1m users, Facebook took 9 months, "Draw Something" took 9 days!
Charlotte NC one of the nicest cities I been to.
They should have kept the red, white & blue color scheme.
Mark Stone: "They say, I say" as a Model for Argumentation. Not sure I'll be able to agree with this thesis.
After posting that picture about , now I gotta have one.
Whoops! Pre-emptive posting. You now have a glimpse into my Wednesday though :-)
and YES you do owe me. Hit me up. Get my new # from KeKe. Ill be expecting a call by end of week or else
you coming tonight?
Regular season, yes. Playoffs start next week!!
Lord knows I love my granny she know I'm not a morning person and I don't like talking this early but she insists on holding a convvo
I have great car at a gtreat price. 2003 Toyota Corolla with only 23,445 miles. Extra Clean. Only $9700. Contact me today. It won't last.
Congrats to our pal Nick at on his awesome Shark Tank appearance last night!
Caught between the devil n the deep blue sea!
FAT BETTY IS A BITCH.
Thanks for stopping in today!
Reallllyyyyyy don't wanna be awake right now...ugh.
Just got my #UnderTheMistletoe it's awesome make sure to go get it on iTunes best album yet
": Mr.NiceGuy my ass." exactly, it's Mr. Nice Guy.
Nobody can ever take ur good memories away from u
If you are not your own cheerleader, it's very hard for others to view that you are wonderful. Confidence starts from within.
Great tip! MT : #DFF Adjust the controls before you roll - Don't fiddle with the radio, iPod or climate controls while driving
be strong ma, be strong
Had a wonderful brunch at Tabard Inn!! Enjoying our last day together with our daughters...:(
nice! K. I'll try n make it! Taking my lil girls team roller skating tonight :)
Step brothers into Superbad = my kind of Sunday
Thought takes man out of servitude into freedom.
Showed Kellys some love after a month ...man.. here with & Ashley husting drinks still lmao
I just want someone to come cuddle with me, watch movies and run their fingers through my hair 😁
Kissing is like drinking salted water, you drink and your thirst increases.
Poker is not a crime. Do you support licensing and regulating online #poker?
banjos lile banjos. And apparently u do 2!
Make sure that your family is prepared for upcoming increase travels, be reassure with an Emergency Medical Record. See website for details.
Andrew, a very good analysis. Well done!
money make me cum .
thanks for the shoutout, Susan!
Trying out Echofon desktop today....let's see how it works.
Got a new track called ethereal highs! Cant wait to release it!
soo excited can't sit still waiting for friday and ogilvy so watching sons of anarchy then storyboard set up time!
Thanks for coming! RT : thanks, !! you guys are doing some pretty sweet things over there. *mind blown*
just sent you a private message off-twitter.
I lectured today and didn't even need my notes!
I have softball 2 night, but I'll see if I can fit it in.
It's supposed to be hard! If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. The hard... is what makes it great! Tom Hanks - A League Of Their Own
#milwaukee what fun projects does everyone have ontheir plate forthis spring?
love you too :*
#nf S/O to a Beauty Queen on such a beautiful day.
today show? oh shiz balls forgot about that one. no the nova one, ill text you. TEXTS?! WHY TEXTS WHAT?
Wish you were with me.
I cant figure out how to send direct messages yet... so thank you back to all those who said TY for following... LOL
can't wait to have you in, Felicia! Let us know next time you will be in Chicago :)
oh my! I must oblige the bean.
“: high-5, I'm so impressed with of it :)” +1! Related: shout out to !
In Serials Solutions federated search, getting BUSCAR, BORRAR and Citar in #Ebsco databases. What if no hablo expanol?
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Sun, May 13 9:00a: Love gaming,...
newt to romney .....ZING!
ooh cool :p
That's probably because you are :) Hehehehehe :P
Sounds pretty!
Rainy Saturday afternoon. Enjoying a glass of wine. La Traviata plays, fresh baked bread cools. I believe I was Italian in a former life.
Almost to school I'll follow you when I get out ! :)
Pastel colored nail polish >
I had no luck at all. But there was cotton candy at #Bibliobash, so I'm not complaining. & it was a fab book nerd reunion.
Brian Klemke wrote: The NBA All-Star Game...What a joke!! No Defense and no Bucks!! No reason to watch.
#OneThingIWishFor world peace…but that might never happen 
still SO happy & are following me <3
We thug all these hoes don't get your feelings involved
sore tum is no fun! I'm okay but my #Spondylitis is making it hard to sit down. It's called #PainInTheAss for nothing ;-)
The most unattractive thing in a guy is cockyness
killed it! I didn't have an intelligent question, what I should have said was: just keep talking!
“: I have been... love living.. lol :)” lol I don't blame you I'm stressin over skool but workin' out also :)
My room is still messed up and I know!
Mad props to ' Michael Berk who just referred to the local station as "the ocho," nicely done! GH 'Dodgeball' team anyone?
Going to the doctor
