Don't let any kids drowned to more....GO TO BED so you don't fall asleep on the lifeguard stand
I should seriously just make this a fan account......
I'm obsessed with that game. Such a creative idea, so well-executed.
A thug ass nigga eating tropical skittles. ?
i love the wallpaper behind head when he is at his desk. tried to google but couldnt find any info on it
I missed Your Birthday, Er. So sorry! Wish You a Very Happy Birthday Professor! :)
Ti amo con Tutto Il Cuore, do you know what this means? Cause if you do I really mean it<3
i'm totally a yankees girl but i can't help the soft spot in my heart for i just love a man with a good beard...
Thank you for following! ♥Bretana♥
Yes I pointed out that they currently suck...which is a fact. Dude just stop
You're supposed to be off the grid. Put it away.
my phone broke, once again! -.-
generally I avoid food that has been mashed together with random ingredients
Totally just saw the shuttle fly over Connecticut Ave. You are dwindling, bucket list.
"Everyone is a genius, but if you judge a fish on it's ability to climb a tree it will lives it's whole life believing that it is stupid."
your "go-to" beef is stella? While I do like stella... and I love their custom glasses... I think you can do better?!
It's funny because I think a lot of it is simply
haha yeah just been busy I'm auditioning for X factor look out for me k ? :) so what you've been up to ?
Met the Los Angeles mayor great guy.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. -- Confucius
The way Heinz Pius is running here he must win this
don't threaten us with a good time!
Bouncers checkin my individual cigs in the pack in my pocket & I move my real IDs from my other pocket 2 my sleeve
GH 11 South, we need a polaroid! RT : Rule at Tibi - if 2 ppl wears same item to office, we photo "who wore it better".
you have to try the Grilled Vegetable and Fresh Mozzarella Baguette for lunch. #Delicious cc
in an ideal world, spontaneous emotion is replaced by calculated analysis and/or forced responses? :P
I know the ISL people who competed against him like him a great deal.
hey there check us out:)
What's ur email address?
Hey , this video auto play shit on your iPhone app has got to go.
Finally going to get my phone fixed 😁
finished rough draft of grant, finished with presentation tonight. Next up: turkey and pumpkin pie w/ the family! Yipee!
streetcredittv going live for yall at 12:15 watch us get rowdy because it been a damn good night so far and it's going to keep going!!!
I love yhu.....sexiest BGC EVER!!!
I swear each and everyday my #Twitter page is gettin #SwaggedOut every minute
everyone follow me
Good Luck tonight #Pens!! Kick the Flyers asses and show them you're the best!
me too!
Sleepp or not to sleep fuck sleeping
I love you so much! I wish you'd follow me!
S/O TO ! FOLLOW MY BRO!
yay, thanks! :D
I feel crappy.
Enjoyed Fox News coverage of the War on Multi-Millionaire, Over-Staffed, Faux Outraged Women today.
i made it to round 30 last night and you're right it's insane!
we all came into this world with dreams of becoming a princess or a prince. its my fault...
I heard from a great my beats are pure
I know!!
Seeking Retail Management position....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
There was a point in time where I thought I knew it all. Now I take all critques humbly because looking back, I realize I didn't know shit.
you tweet! Stash!
To my friends at American Heroes Radio, thank you for the RT mention, I appreciate your support. Keep up your good works!
WE LOVE IT! #car2gostyle RT At our shared office (Co-Merge) we have several groups ridin in car2go style!
8pm tonight!! Walking dead on the projector!!!
thanks for the follow....looks like you got a nice business going!
Thanks, have a good evening.
I am new on Tweeter, I will be posting videos of me singing and acting so please follow me and comment.
1984's Victory Tour >>>>
Have fun performing your new play tonight !
Proud to be a
is it October 6 yet? Wishing it would hurry and get here. Then I will be BOUND!!!!
I need a bad bitch on my hip
You are very welcome. :)
Lol this flowers family makin me look bad that have NO points
Looking forward to working with you guys! Just like old times, except for funner!! :)
The shows over.. SWIMMING TIME. :D
Hey ladies, is live in our studio at 9:15 to tell us about Wine, Women and Purses 2012!
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him
yes I am and around here there is always trouble. I like like it when wevstay farther outside city
living off of saltines and blue gatorade. That has all the essential nutrients right?
It's Happy Hour all day long! Come by and have a beer and BBQ Beef Ribs.
Ty for changing my life with that last soul train bomb...epic
I really hate when someone goes and asks my counterpart the same question, hoping for a different answer.
This was the tweet that made me follow you many months ago. Very funny.
Quote of the day "Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in feeling creates love."
not true... I'm right next to you. Haha
by "sometimes" do u mean all the time??
"Create in me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me." I'm tired and tired of - so Ps. 51:10 is my Mon. p.m. prayer.
Never trust a man in a business suit on Hollywood blvd
iwana pull bak up n get another steak...oh boy
Minnesota House approves $975M #Vikings stadium, but with big hike in team's share. Passes 73-58.
We have multiple listings around the #DePaul and #LUC campuses. Anyone students looking to live in those areas?
Unfortunately, I'll be in a car, driving 18 hours home from Baltimore... :P
That sounds pretty cool!! Can't wait to see it!!
aight aight well we gon get sum bacci's tmaw but we should both put on 20 for..............YOU KNOW lmao
For the next 2 hours swing by Western Fantasy YP and get the deal shown here: Free Apps & Drink Specials in LoDo
Thanks for the follow. Come visit if you're ever in DC.
Haha in your face. 😜
Uncomplicated Woman uses her femininity in a powerful, persuasive (POSITIVE) way to lift the men in her life.
Hanging in there! Hustling this wrestling like always.lol.
Do you receive this newsletter in the mail?
Good point lol
Cause my little cousin will be bad at me
are you her bitch ?! Haha
We have a gang of people that will come back and get the discussion board back to fun if you want. Up to you. DM me.
busy week! 3 day jury trial (verdict for our client!) and YLD conference. Looking forward to narrating palm sunday concert at Peace UMC.
Just finished reading Escape from Camp 14 by on the way back from South Korea. Powerfu!! Not history, it's happening today.
Packed for the SLB Executive Committee Meeting. lets go
And do not set your heart on what you will eat or drink; do not worry about it.
Otherwise those jerks might inadvertantly have a huge sales day due to confused fans looking for Trespassing! D:
all ladys should be treated like a princess.
Follow <-- Super cool guy! --- Hey Blitch! It was a pleasure to meet you!
Ay u sent be a beat "over_again". Can I use that?
just submitted style guide for final project. Now to finish the project!!
Gina, I don't get it! Millionaires protecting what? No one wants their dirty $! Decisions made by them for Middle Class?
Its like everytime I see you I get a bad vibe*
- This weekend is Off The Clock's First Anniversary...live music Sat. night & give-a-ways all day Sun. Could we get a RT?
Timeline for pages is awesome!!!
We've been doing so well on Kickstarter we've decided to give 20% of anything we make in the last few days to the tribal women in the film.
hahah, how romantic.
Ready to go home but I don't wanna leave. Haha that doesn't even make sense.
awe i MISS you too bestie :'(
pretty easy just post your video on our WALL...Facebook.com/ibileyuniforms
Use The Force!
In skool bored
Mtf ers truly forget were they come from smh.
This RT : The Black Eyed Peas just made the Who's halftime show look decent. What a total failure.
Try not to become just a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value....... Marinate on that world...
About to put an extra blanket on bed jum in the shower and watch tv until it watches me, GN congrats to Floyd
family stuck at SFO because our flight was oversold.#ruinedchristmass I guess if we paid the xtra seat fee we could've made it home
Sad day, man. I'll let them use "It will boost sales of strawberry-scented things" too, if they give me royalties.
no doubleheader for you today?
Got Wordpress Multisites running most of my blogs now. Super nice to only update once for everything. Tutorial to follow.
do they shuffle themselves and predict the future?
dreaming of hanging Xmas lights
I've been dying to get a reply from you! I'm your Boston covergirl, please notice me iloveyou!
thanks! I'm sure my mudskipper will make it safely! The pilot has 20 yrs AA under his belt ;-)
I know, right? #nannerpuss and if you haven't seen that commercial I advise you to look it up haha
what are u talking about lmao. YOU'RE CRAZY!!!
Big shoutout to and from Jane Lang and Paul Sprenger on the #HHAwards stage.
Who doesn't like sushi?? (I listen to Bret every single morning and have ALL kinds of things occur to me to say, heh.)
haha If Dukes is still playing. We might see him in the Sunday beer leagues at the park.
Why does alcohol do that? Sober me hates cigs now. But give me 5 shots & I want a drag 😒😷🚬
Hunger Games was good. Too violent for kids under 11 or so, though.
#thingsthatgetmeupset knowing will never notice me <\3
me too. First time I wore it my bf asked if I had a fat lip. Not the look I was going for, but...
Its funny, you really think I give a shit what you say about me, see how Mich I care ? Noooonnnneeee (:
Today is my kids last day of school before the break. I have many last minute errands to run but woke up with a headache.
I just replaced both headlight bulbs in my Mini Cooper-->all by myself. Got my hands real dirty but I saved at least $100! Pretty Sweet. :)
yeah, out now, won't be home til about 11 tonight. :-(
Can't stand when men I don't know think it's okay to touch me- partic when it's a man who's singing to himself at a coffee shop!
I cant sleep!:(
Coo, wat size?
Watching johnny test (:
umm i haven't seen it yet Dx... so you're good lol
Ah massage time
Your tweet are so wise haha I love them RT : My iPod’s shuffle is the Magic 8 Ball of my adult life.
14 Tweets till my next picture. Who should it be? Already had Pacman.
“: Florida is shaped like a penis but it's America's penis and that means it's OUR penis. Bad news. We have herpes” and ED
Also same token if my last tweet got u feelin some kinda way check ya self and see why
Who you guys got in the #NCAAFinals? I got #KANSAS!!
what music class is it?
Its a beautiful day to relax with us!! We are open 10AM-4PM today!!!
Can't make it tonight - but I have the last one on my calendar!
Are you looking for a job? Do you have sales experience? You may want to hit that #DM button and send us a message.
Why the he// are beliebers so selfish?! Justin can't win err'thing.
“: Dispatch: Theft occurred at Save-A-Lot 2125 Weinbach..female loaded meat in purse and fled in a Lumina.
Thanks for the work you did this week. I'm sorry we could not connect after the session.
Doing some tallying. I've got at least 9 videos of from 's Round. There's still time! Fax me your videos!
ilove being around people that can make me laugh cuz im a total goof ball
Love you SBW!! Can't wait for our date next week with xo
its ok i just asked dem :-*
Mike Wallace dies he was 93 RIP Mike
We're tech-based, so our locations have projectors. Not sure it'd work as well without a large screen.
I KNOW. Just when you thought it was all over.
When you buy a whole pig, your going to have a lot of pork. Just sayin'.
Thanks for the RT ! How's the beer in Peoria?
lol noo I had the grilled salmon salad with asparagus and full of amazingness lol happy mothers day to you pretty lady!
Taylor gang or die
Tonight our slate of new executives takes over for the 2011-2012 term. Wish them luck!
This is Tutor Delphia's new SAT and ACT feed. Ask questions about the tests, get tips and tricks! Visit tutordelphia.com for one on one help
she's on her latest rant!!! Take notice
The JFR transfers funds to rescuers in Poland via the PEKAO. Met with an IT person in Warsaw to resolve a techincal issue. Problem solved
when I read this tweet, the song came on(:
I'm excited by what I heard - particularly re: the emphasis on rewarding interdisciplinary innovation. #GWU is on the right track!
lady in pink, whussup?
New Job Opportunities For These Changing Times The art of working at home is becoming more and more relevant to the world. It is a fact t
Big win for the coyotes. Never get tired of seeing the Canucks lose
Those old heads who just drop a bomb of wisdom >>>
Back in the studio...2 def doe productions AKA: sticcy is killing the keys...
that's good! Well me I've gotten myself into quite a situation!
Another day waking up drunk with a mystery stain on the screen of my iPhone haha
Easter morning in the gym. Six people, Zero foreskin.
ooh can we co-write it?
Throw at the reigning MVP just to be a pussy....and then.....pull all your star players to avoid having any retaliation occur...
Tweet me dares and me and will take a video of us doing them and post it ~
The doods are missing their twitter pals...
So, do you do the chop if you're home alone watching the Braves?
Hmm, my upstairs office window is open and I just spotted my kid's cape. Wish me luck!
...and the gallery in New York is: Julie: Artisan's Gallery 762 Madison Ave. New York, NY I'm going to the post office right now.
Kid Architect, SymphonicRefrain, Attractions, & Duke Walker TONIGHT | $10 | Doors 7PM |
ditto on not knowing anyone who owns a Revolution Money card.
As much as I love Stadium Hardware, it sure is great when I find exactly what I need in my own garage.
fruit boots
that's what I said. "Friday" I'll bring u a donut... The Library of Congress is WRONG! I said Friday...
I just got two tickets to (Sun) and they're not yet showing up in my account - is this to be expected? Thx!
I know lol I don't like being mean. I woke up with a sick ass headache :( and I lost my Beanie! !!
Where should I put my tattoo shop? Getting ready to look for locations soon.
For access to medical services to all human beings in the US regardless of job, age, etc.. Everyone needs to have the same access.
um yeah, no vacated titles here homeboy. Getchee facts straight son.
why the hell you up so early
Thank you to Luma, Molly and the team for a great American Archive Inventory kick-start meeting today!
Leaving #aam2012. Thank you again to for the incredible opportunity through the EMP Fellowship.
Writing that short story would beat cleaning.
Speaking at the World Scientific Congress of Golf today. Once on the science of shooting and then on Building Self-Image.
I don't play i get right down to business.
girl yes. Stay where you are! You probably a lot safer lol
oh you poor baby.
you make me feel like lalalalala.
Thursday is the MAMS picnic!
what job?
At razoos with the bm for mothers day...
Day 2! RT : Starting the new year off right -- PRO partners meeting in CA w/ and Exciting 2012!
Partyin with all the Tallarico grandchildren...
Had the Mexicue today and was thoroughly impressed. You'll be seeing the crew again soon enough.
I'm gay
Why on earth is SASmith so negative in his "reporting" from tonight? It's not a report, it's a lecture!
you made the new Daybreak promo! I just spotted you!
i have a headache ;skfjalg;fs;jksfd kill me
u should stayed with a pc how u been though we have not talk n forever
Miami Heat we got The ring next seasons
That's what I was gonna bring anyway!
I'm very jealous that is having the bday party I want! I want performing at my birthday on the 27th!
Crispy! Nutty! :)
Off this week, but
just spotted a pair of ringneck pheasants outside the Visitor Center. Perhaps they'll decide to call the Rouge home. : )
"patience is the key to joy." — rumi
Just made some more purchases for my kit ;)
“: Ommgggg just followed me 😱😍 #bffsagain” lol and you followed me back! 😉👍
funny enough, I was rocking out to the Crue album with Corabi. Lots of stuff that was ahead of it's time on that baby!!
Tim Tebro is a WAY better quarterback than he is a singer!
We do this! We from the Hood!
RT : RT : Dulles flyby completed; South to North. Here it comes, DC!
oh:/:L no pressure or nun? :L hhahah I will if I don't forget!:L
Two and a half more hours (:
#StevenTyler looked like teenage girl thats strung out on crack & heroin...
did someone mention food?
ima do more than that ;-)
Sleep well, my queen. I hope you have a great time tomorrow.
Funny how we can get so many supplies to Haiti in less than 24 hours but it was a different story for New Orleans.
we'll see
OMG I LOVE IT!!!
Time is Money +_O
Two inspiring ESL graduations last night! More this week and next, and Spanish graduations coming soon as well. People are bilingualizing!
Use GeneDX testing panels of genes for different trials. Few clinical hints+same mutation has different phenotypes within family
<< naw u safe
I want a Nikon camera.
Happy birthday! Your rookie year was my first year playing football I wore #67 felt like a badass for wearing your number man
You know it's good when a line stays long thru lunch hour. Lucky got here early. Try it if you're ever in Perris: Taqueria 2 Potrillos
Just now leaving work...Next destination: key west :)
hey you, get on gchat and talk to me! I'm bored!
I want to see ur beautiful face
Need to plan outdoor stuff with the boy this weekend. The sun returns to Portland.
Im in need of a left shoulder massage
Sunday would be great. Gives people a bit more than a week and a chance to RT/add.
who'd y'all pick for MVP?
RT : Heads up Prince Eric, Aladdin, Peter Pan & other Disney leading men. If Roethlisberger wins he's coming for your ladies
You remind me of my chinese friend...Ug Lee
In high school I was voted most likely to suck seed
My favorite Beastie Boys song? ~The Egg Man~ Saw the convertible driving by Loaded up the slingshot and let one fly.....
Hiya, your profile looked interesting. I tweet science, atheism, skepticism, other culture.
Keep up this attitude homegirl, and I'll never return your Perfect Strangers box set.
is really enjoying watching the Harry Potter movies with Jesse. Yay Lupin!
Wow is fucking crazy !! Boom boom boom /via
Government control of the uterus has been a main goal of conservatives for years.
They truly are the greatest generation....... Not a history buff? start reading some books about WWII
Just found a #Redbox dvd down in a pocket of my coupon binder that I thought I had returned 2 wks ago. That's gonna hurt.
His #thirdtheologicaloration is the best.
Dont choke on my salty pretzal
Would you let me host a banner of yours on my site?
I love your music but have even more respect 4 U after I saw ur interview with Oprah. LadyGaGa follow me I put out meaning quotes.
Wow sick photo! Makes me miss my media buying days.
didn't you start prop d?
good times to come!!!
just ripped my eyebrow off from a peeling face mask
Seeking for an exciting career? Bramson ORT College could you to reach that goal! Admissions is in progress now http//www.bramsonort.edu/
I know! It would be amazing if he tweeted me too! :)
#WorstRapLineEver harlem world we got gatas, not dead i said they alive lions tigers bears ohh my - camron smh
Glad to make the connection! RT : #RamonWOW just called because is AWESOME...left voicemail
Betsey Johnson stores are closing! I'm so sad...I hope they're still open in Las Vegas next month so I can buy out the whole store!!!
for sure! Good luck at your interview!!
Thanks We're excited about gardening, too. Let's pool tips to show people how easy it can be :)
I'm working on sth very cool :)
we loved all of the photos it would be difficult to choose one. loved to see village members helping & engaging in the process!
So ... how did your tattoo come out?
I wish I would of played a sport this year , I feel like such a loner lol
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
I'm thinking of leaving work, growing a beard and joining a circus
Tired af but twitter is so damn addicting. More than fucking nicotine.
whats all this talk about you and kim. FUCK DAT
Two years away from 30. Ugh
do you got the car
How you Doing Mr. Kweli? Name is Leon Bates...Wanted to ask you to listen to a Columbus artist named 5Fold!
If you have an ought with someone take it to them. Harboring anger inside hardens your heart.
1) To earn money without working. 2) Pass exams w/o studying 3) To love w/o being hurt. 4) Eat w/o getting fat. That's all I really wanna do
#MahoneOnB96 Trend it?
What pic I'm lost??
Food Trucks in Rice Park today! Come grab lunch! Music by McNally Smith too!
Maybe I shouldn't have passed that last gas station
are you, MAD, woman?!
LeBron you are doing the right thing
i'm so exhausted...o.-
simply stunning!
pubilc hocked over #SOPA, Congress/Senate need to listen, election time is coming!
We hope the New Year is treating you well. This shall be the year of The Non-Com. We hope you can join us.
uh oh....that explains it! I'm almost afraid to ask who...
Get a great haircut compliments will follow ....
Great weekend birthday treat--La Nouba. My kids are the best.
Mine either
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst! His work is absolutely superb!
hey did u ever get da diploma?
Tough to watch that crash yesterday in Las Vegas. RIP Dan Wheldon. We never know when it's our time to go, so make every day count.
Mike and Molly was funny.... Had a good time!!
Im not sure I believe you, Lindsay.
That's awesome! 8-10 might work, definitely not 15-17 since we have a mega conference those days. Keep me posted! =))
True ish RT : #Cancer has a need for a permanent partner, no flings just likes straight up relationships.
Thanks for checking in on #Foursquare always a pleasure to have you stay with us!
get to work too....stop being a baked potato...
Done at Mother's? Git on into the Cow and get you moolicious drink on!! Giddy Up!
Boys That Fight Alot #TURNOFF . control your fucking anger the consequences are worse than the reward
says you want a good idea for "Survivor" ? How about Suvivor: Compton.
That's what I mean. .353 batting average, .464 on-base, 52 home runs
OMG What do she got on? SHE RATCHET!
makes me wanna train to do that but I took one class and couldn't move after lol
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxdo I love my phone
Monday moping: I did just miss the bus though.
glad to hear “: the issue has been resolved. Thanks!”
A little bummed b/c I'm not headed to Chicago to run the marathon like i was for the last 2 years! Finishing a marathon=BEST feeling ever:)
I elect to lead the "Alex is our QB" campaign! New offense, no offseason, and we went 13-3 and made it to NFCC game!
I dreamt that I, at long last, finally got a smart phone. My dream smart phone blew the iphone out of the water, just sayin.
If I don't say this now, I will surely break As I'm leaving the one I want to take Forgive the urgency but hurry up and wait.
My arm muscle is spazzin !.
Thanks for that !
RT - If the Jacksonville Jaguars are known as the "Jags" & the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are known as the "Bucs" what do you ca...
plannin to create some movies and give some other people some opportunity...
It's a myth that all black men have big dicks. We have ginormous dicks! Ask your girl!
Bend but don't break mentality....
"Annie" (most famous red-hair girl, eva!!) ;)
Book reveals how a Scottish snail changed the law
Readying for four readings in six days in three towns. I need to brew some coffee so I have something responsible to pour this scotch into.
No map of Hindenburg's final flight exists--it burned in the disaster. But a DC passenger mapped the route each day.
#starwarsgasm im having, hm yes
yes it better.
that song always reminds me that there is probably shitty indie rock being written about me RIGHT NOW
never mind
I brought you some last weekend! My family and I were in town & it was gorgeous, but I heard it's been a tough winter.
need to read....will i? prolly not
it's the only thing keeping our muscles from spontaneously combusting
it's good to find someone who likes to rely on data!
I'm waiting for that one as well
For me it's Tulle. So Delicate, so soft.
Everyone wish a happy birthday!!
tebow my ass lets go pats!
I wish I can take my bed with me to college... my bed is a sanctuary to me
: "When #women feel more self-confident, it can change the course of her life and perhaps the course of life."
Thanks for the RT :) Looking forward to reading more of your tweets!
Echoes. Robert Henri said to look for them. Sometimes the shape or direction will echo through the picture. #quote #art #fine art
I WANT TO MAKE A MOVIE :)
we could be interested. our list has over 1. mil members
Why do I see my RA this early?
“: The question is not "Are games art?" but rather, "Is art puzzle-platformers?"” Gafaw!
Or me. If you ever hear some guy that starts screaming at people who stop walking near the bottom of an escalator, it's me.
I'm just hoping that status wasn't bout me
Wish he'd go back to his cave. Neanderthal. : Walker didn’t cave during 8 years as Milwaukee County Executive... & won't cave now.
uh are we the only ones??
Yeah! I did my Intro to Public Relations project about them. Aww yeah I remember they had an Aussie!
uh oh?
Welcome publisher of indies!
OMG!!! That's a miracle. I thought I'd sent them to San Francisco!!!!
Yes. My position interacts with MDs/PhDs. You're nothing if you don't have letters behind your name.
Nope, no sun. We were just in Surrey recently (near Vancouver?) and didn't get a break there either!
hey sup. How r things goin?
can't even flex, once i hit 100, i'm goin to the Bermuda Triangle.
The kid has no one to blame but his father for whats happening. SAD we all wanted to see him succeed
just drank some OJ. Will stock up on the others! Thanks :)
2nd place is the 1st loser.
After each sip of blue kool-aid, my son runs to the bathroom to look at his blue tongue.
Not sure what to read at open mic tonight--I've been misheard twice in a row as if my work grants permission for discomforting performances.
please come to chicago
Oh hey trackpad on MacBook... Way to stop working like you're supposed to
On my way to this derby party
Obviously they couldn't respond to every tweet/comment, but I think ANY response would have gone a long way.
Tuesday nights in Rome will never the same! Hope you pulled out all the stops.
Protect yourself at ALL times - Floyd Mayweather
We certainly are! We'd love to have you! #runnerds RT : you came up in convo last night. I heard you're a fun race!
Ignorance and servitude and poor social priorities cost more. Worth every penny I say to call out those who are screwing us!
still alive... Matt's got ideas. Julian on video. Ryan on mixing board. Fine is biz. All playing instruments. Breath for air soon.
And you thought we died... Ha
Are Magazines on the same path as books? - User generated tech ...
Custom made necklaces have been so much fun to make for everyone! I may do this again once I'm back from the Texas tour!
FYI, It's also hard to pee with the devil on your back,
Just noticed that my twat of a roommate that moved out a month early stole my swifter mop. Guess I'll be cleaning my floor with baby wipes.
Have you ever had scrapple for breakfast?
Welcome Thanks so much for following! Glad to connect with you.
fuck no my bro
I remember when I went to chicago.
Off for a run with let's do this buddy !
I'll be there!! It's been a minute sense I've had a good laugh
The best 15th Birthday present would be tweeting me. :) Then my day would be COMPLETTEEE
I got an A on my debate notes and a C on the debate itself. But my grade only went up 1%. Its still a D (68.9%). WTF!!!!!!!!!
with compass yeaa I just have to get an 86 in class but with my absences idk :/
If u want a baby with the birth date of 11-11-11, get on it tonight. Last chance.
Thank you for the reply. What is your specialty and how long have you been practicing? I'm a networker and an entrepreneur.
Even if you protect pictures by coding people an snip using grab on Mac or snipping tool on PC.
Just had the best lunch w/ !!! Love that girl!! Happy birthday my darling!!!
the Republican blow-back re: Obama's comments about Trayvon Martin is literally insane. Disgraceful that it morphs into political rhetoric.
Change your password. Your twitter account has been sending spam DM's.
love the saying "no matter where you go there you are."
No problem, great blog you have on tumblr
In case you don't already know Felix Salmon is a genius, pls watch Counterparties.com trailer here tinyurl.com/3uj2pfd
Missed you!!!<3
Wiped from beach vollyball and beers. Nice night on the water.
Hey love!!!! xo xo xo
congrats! Big days like this don't come around often, try to savor it!
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
I'm figuring the biggest lesson most of those kids took home is"our religion is full of dicks."Which probably won't serve the Church
Pork chops for dinnnaaa!
were u able to eat all that food in one sitting?
Keep your head up you guys, things will ALWAYS get better.
yeah, you'll never get bored......lol starting to miss, heading back up there in june for the bball tournaments
Day one of London 2012 meeting! The program started with an informative presentation from Dr. Murray Fingeret. We will post pictures soon!
Narration/Edit so close! Re-budgeting,planning fundraising for finishing $, marketing & distribution.
This x factor show is so similar to american idol that its ridiculous!
Ya hook me up please! Dying over here.
I'm so tired!
Let the fittings begin!
that girl he's sitting next to is his supposed girlfriend. Looks like a grade A whore
AH so many "to-dos" on my editorial calendar this week and so little time! I've been an MIA busy bee, but back soon, PROMISE!
Deal or No Deal Model Ursula Mayes by dohn121
breakfast consists of peanut butter & jelly sandwich with a banana a cup of milk & cup of coffee !!!! M :)
thanks for the #FF!
I agree.
u already went back??
Hoping to make it from MKE to DEN this evening.
Every day I'm shuffling
Lol only my cat likes for me to use the blow dryer on her..
Models, dancers, vixens, etc just don't realize how many dudes on college campuses went crazy over this pic...they soon will
DealShow is on and selling great items as low as $1 or $2! Go check it out, www.dealshow.com
where at?
In a 'More than a Woman' kinda mood
Feeling very white right now.
Black ops 2 hell yea :) cant wait
Why her hands all wrinkle tho??
Hi Geneva, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
RT : What's a reliable source for what USA-awarded PhDs are doing 5 years post-degree? I read a claim that I'd like to compare.
RT : do you guys have a gluten free menu? // yes!
I ain't trying to be in Detroit this summer
follow. Follow. Follow
thanks for sharing. Hope you had a great weekend! ^ag
i can't, my computer isn't working
Absolutely, but it is still a shame. I may be a Bronco, but I absolutely feel for you guys. Best of luck this upcoming season.
Great Night Last night at the Land Of Ahhs In Scottsdale!! I Opened with Daniel Nahmod at the Emerald City Concert series .
if Denver is not a good destination for manning how the hell is AZ ... They have nothing ...
Finally back home from my Grandmother's house. I'm so exhausted. Good night everyone.
o lol sorry it's just I luv Roc n I get MADD when people tawlk bout him n they ain't clean whoo :/
I just DM you Bro!
happy birthday my nigga
i GOT A BIG DICK KANYA
Awesome! RT : Two #WPIAL kids on #ESPN today
#EverydayIThinkAbout texting you first. But then I think, "If you really wanted to talk to me, you'd text me first."
Are you completely moving away from SA? Like all your stuff from your house?
Jaysee Amaya Clemenzie (Payhorastylinsonlik), Happy birthday I love you so much♥ You have finally reached 15 (c)
Does Another Earth have scenes shot in Hamden? Loved the West Haven shots. Been there so many times. Never imagined it filmed.
Taking in a bit of the ol ultra violence. Cabin in the woods and The raid double feature. With
Double chocolate chunk!!
I can go all night long ;)
About to talk to 30+ 7th graders at Wilson Middle School about National History Day! Very excited to share how awesome archives are w/ kids!
enjoying some scarves, soup and space heaters. happy monday!
you are the MASTER! i'm watching my video of you..haha
apps labeled "FBML" is still funny
GL: attempt 2 discredit Ethnic Studies in advance. Part of why I'm here today 2 speak to AsAm students. I'll speak to Philosophy assoc next
he has, Duquesne
I just love getting sick... #ihatethrowingup I wish Tim was here... I need a hug. :/
What a lovely day for tacos
my life is not my own. Lord I will go where YOU want me to go and do what YOU want me to do. Daddy, I trust YOU.
don't keep running back to the person you need to walk away from.
How are my followers doing tonight? :D
Damn girl! I see gettin low.
Is there a formal search happening for dog Patch in Johnston Co? Which I-40 rest stop was it? I'm w/SPCA of Wake Co in Raleigh.
Pre-workshop training for anyone attending the upcoming L2 Gaming Literacy workshop begins in half an hour! Check your email for the link.
No one is superior or special in the eyes of God.
I want you to become the president of the gay community.
of course!
as seen on tv. No shipping and handling on twitter though.
"Splish Splash!!" :D
From UB Police: All orientation and Access UB activities are canceled this weekend, and all classes/events after 2pm on Sat are canceled.
If you are in Vegas you can find me on the floor.
I'm gonna miss that lil Jew
they're all gonna want to see it bc of ZE. Too sexy??
you're annoying as fuck
Thanks for your input
TONIGHT - DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Play the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
I can't even think about ticks. Will be swatting phantom crawlies all night.
Today's the last day of CERCLL's summer workshops: a participant says she's learning about herself as well as others' cultural understanding
RT : sessions! | yes let's do it!
Thank you very much!!
Where will you Eat this weekend? Try
oh well the pats got chandler jones dt from syr. And Hightower from from Alabama olb.
What's my rate?? :) : Doing features all this week name your own price
Sofia Vargara breaks the chart ratio of hottest woman to most annoying voice.
now is also showing his video tools that he believe will be a simple fix to make citable
#Gratitude: working twitter account!!! Garden almost done, , support of friends, clean dogs (finally), nice dinner, warm bed.
Nathan could you pretty please call 857 719 6904 at some point today to wish my sister Marie a happy 17th birthday? :3
Thank you! I am always reachable if you have questions or comments! RT At the Chamber of Commerce meeting this morning...
The worst part is that I think the guys on the other team hurt me on purpose. The game was getting a little unfriendly.
Thank You! RT : . it was fantastic! Saw it last night & have been recommending that others go see it!
Also addicted to words with friends. Lawd these people make like the best apps!
thanks for adding me to your list!
#Tiger is also a huge fan of #NFL #Raiders. #Superbowl is going to be battle of the Bay #SF vs #Oakland. ROCK :)
Good to hear your better now. Hope you recover fast. Yeah! Life is good, better take good care of your health. always add...
Glad you like it!
I'm even still up...
Timber score 1 minute & 15 seconds in!
Smoking on that purple call me Ninja Turtle!
In homeroom, walking around the school bored with some friends.
Congrats to you and your class!
yo was up sir
Here are three things you can do to recover from a crash. 1. Pres Ctrl + ALT + Delete Then start task manager, under the application tab...
You actually have to pay them.
This weekend in #1863CWJ: Meet up with the recruiting officer to find out if you're fit to join the infantry, cavalry, or artillery.
I need my hair done
just worked at 8 and a half hour shift. jealous?
I don't get to stay on Twitter late & do hoodrat tweets with my friends when she comes over lol, tonight was WAY too fun to have been missed
ATTENTION: SUMMER DEALS 50%....FOR BOOKIN ME...... $125 for you tube videos,shows and events.... $75 to HOST OR MC,PROMOTE OR MARKETING...
WHAT THE FUCK
Perfection! Have fun!!! RT : 13 girls, 6 guys, VIP, one epic trip.. priceless. #Vegas were ready for you!!
Technically, it's not a podium. It's a dais.
I rlly miss you too dude! And ur gonna die of shock once we talk but as far as I know everything is gravynowmayb:p :)
np! <3 have you had a chance to check out my music ? =))
She's just a handcuffy kind of lady...?
I think I'm getting really mature because I just walked away with a sip of wine still in my glass.
Thanks for the follow
if 7% communication is words, then what is your body language giving away about your personal brand? Time to get congruent inside and out
he's gonna be at the fight!
I can't help but read tweets from in a loud monotone voice inside my head.
Follow / #fny2012 for a panel on Expanding #Museums happening right now
I am runnin this shit, I am so exhausted. Batter up bitches, but approach with caution.
Set your clocks ahead so you're up in time for Healthy Matters, 730 AM Sunday morning on
RT : Tee hee! (Throwing down the gauntlet.)
Hanging out with I know you're jealous... And
...and please remember, most writers don't actually enjoy doing all this promo stuff. except maybe (it's a joke, joe :P)
I Can't wiat to visit South korea! I've been talking about it since last winter, come sometime around August I'll finally get 2 go!
I'm allergic to negative people.
Tonight: Against Grace/ The Chuck Shaffer Picture Show w/ The Overtones and Others May Fall....Music starts at 8:00pm
Fuckin wit me is like Russian Roulette : Im cold as Quebec
Backstage at a show, sitting on the good vibes of artists.
Squirting isn't great either, but better than oozing. I always associate moist with sweat/other personal liquids
what's up mane
In traffic and realize I have a serious wait problem. I hate waiting!
Ok, i'm following :)
Um I'm sure I'm not alone but I want a Jersey, oh and a slightly longer contract
Baking with Mom and then to the park for a cookout
yea sowwy boo :/ and OMG take a pic and chance ur picture
Get excited for tonight's opening! MFA student work + Popsicles= a good way to start off a Friday night. See you at 6pm!
Saturday will be a big day!!! 9-picks in the 4th-7th rounds. Where Ted Thompson makes his money!! Love that GM!!
Look what this Boy sent to his Grandma instead of his Girlfriend
me too
America - The Story of Us
What said. You really don't want to have to explain to your parents (or future employers) what they saw on Facebook. Trust me.
Rabbit feet are luck for everyone, except for rabbits. #HappyEaster!
haha that's awesome! definitely not an easy task when we've built our lifestyle around it
Tru, but Clinton was an incumbent. Like Clinton, made a mistake. I'm glad he's recovering but it will take some time.
Looking forward to taking my first Horticultural Therapy class today!
working away
tick tock. T-11 days 'til his due date. :)
Never Once Have I Said I Dont Care, But He Has, Smh, Cool Beans
Anti-carbs? We got you covered. Try the Low Carb Burger: no bun, no fries just the meat with bacon, cheese and baby greens!
Hosting business summit for 250+ Students/Entrepreneurs on campus Apr4. Hav press passes avail. Would u be interested? Thx!
One more week!
Why can I only eat two pieces of pizza and I feel like I'm gonna vom. So sad
Wanna know a secret? Shhh, you can't tell anyone. Okay? K. I uh.... Shower naked.
don't drink the koolaid that this isn't a major failure by bo and his staff.
Failure? Sorry, I'm not familiar with that term.
... Shannon what is the likelihood the broncos have or are going to offer Payton a contract before he leaves ??
Well thanks for the invite on that one.
we all love you too! <3 #acon :D
The more memes, the better. Tip of the cap.
I COULD HAVE TOLD YOU THATT. :)) hahah
Happy birthday to my partner Fence
Lmfao it's crazy how I thought that tweet was about ya girl >>>> LMFAO shit not healthy.
lmao. No worries.
Talking shit, you just digging your grave.
I try 2 make a peace shaped cookie... but it KINDA FAILED!;)
And the award goes to ! Congrats!!
Back at work after a lovely Westport weekend. AB's on a train to Annapolis. It's the last week of the Sept close. And Monday.
Thank you Jason Keyser for the great recommendation! We appreciate it!
I do what I'm told!
Cheers to for redeeming the first #FreeDrinkFriday today! Another to be announced at 7pm. Stay tuned.
Money Tip: Buy Gas on Mon. & Tues - Dept of Energy Releases Reports Every Wed. & If the News is Bad - Gas Prices Usually Go Up After it...
Saw Robert Toensend's "Hollywood Shuffle" last night. Still funny and true as ever today
Needs a big hug :( as of next week I'm homeless. I might stay in Ibiza and not come back
He had major complications from a ruptured appendix several years ago. He was very sick.
much appreciated Larry!
Ditto. Thoughts? RT : Nook or Kindle?
Thank you, Gaga! Have a marvelous day yourself! :)
damn boul ! , where you been ! lol
M lobster!
Try try try you are pwettyful you are pwettyful you're a sexy beast
Let me give your heart a break <3
"Men, like nails, lose their usefulness when they lose direction and begin to bend." ~Walter Savage Landor
Pitt is battling against East Tenn State
Do enjoy wallowing in your debt? Want to accumulate even more, rather than conquer it? Then don't read tomorrow's post on Bite Size Idea...
that happened!?
it's annoying
what cafeteria do we go to todat?
Good mornin everybody didn't get any GM text this morning so let's see who says it back
If anyone saw what I just did they would throw up
School tommorow:) tell me are you happy:) or not happy:(?
I feel absolutely no rage about spending my Saturday morning watching CSPAN as the Chick-Fil-A guy gets a honorary degree from Liberty.
10/27/1942: As 3,000 Jews were deported from Opoczno, Poland, to Treblinka death camp, a few escaped to forests & form partisan group Lions
Why they still allow radio stations to play anything (beside Pump It) by the Black Eye Peas is beyond me...just stop.
we should have all become skateboarders. Then we could just have a blast everyday like Rob & Big.
Marvin Harrison! My favorite #colts player of all time!
Can you topic model poetry? Does it work on polysemic texts?
Well you gave it your best shot. Now you know how that guy on Man vs. Food Feels. Some days the food wins.
We are super fly pumped to have you! Those French toast sticks look yummy!!!!!!!!
your wife is amazing.
Loved the One Thing Video!!! Ahh-Ma-Zing! Love me some :)
Yea, I wouldn't be surprised if that's been done with some kinds of psychedelics. DMT hasn't been widely explored though.
Hopefully Monta tips when he comes to Vegas unlike you.
I Want A White Tattoo......18 Should Come Faster! Wanna Be Tattooed Up. lol
Happy Mother's Day Preds Fans!
Get a free cup of regular, decaf or hazelnut coffee to go at any Yours Truly on Tues, 8/30, 6:30 to 10 am. Thanks for 30 delicious years!
Wtf I'm supposed to do with that?! It's smaller than my finger!
Yeah! I stop taking thm last month but, my Iron dropped to 10.4 so now im taking red iron pills twice a day. Did they make you sick
Govt. is like the air we breath -- totally necessary, if not a little dirty from time to time.
Why are people I don't even follow showing up on my timeline?
Today there is one goal and one goal only.....have fun and party hard
Then did you send me a private message to visit a website to lose weight? =P
I am the third wheel on this night. I was the fifth wheel last night. Always the odd person out.
thanks for the RT's
Yeah? Yeah? Well you know what? THIS IS WHAT I THINK ABOUT YOU. *unfollows*
And Emily too come to think about it...
Been at for 15.5 hours now. Hoops!
green red? same thing..
he only puts up with being my FRIEND because he wants to get closer with you.
Studying for finals begins now. Welcome to
get it how you live..... lil nigga
#YoureInTheFriendzoneIf Im always "busy" on the weekends.
lmfaoo hell no
Great Day at Midway as the Lord truly blessed!
just say you'll go. anyway no one ever shows up when they say they will to fb events
I have the MN one pinned! It would be cool if someone did one of #Milwaukee with all the neighborhoods.
tell me u wouldn't love to watch a first baseman chase a fucker down and check him into the wall ;)
that's they fault they're scared off goons
Day 3 without dessert. I feel like Renton from Trainspotting.
I must have had some kind of subconscious and subversive new year's resolution to have insomnia this year.
What up nobody?
I really don't know if I want to teach summer lessons.. Ugh.
i think they should kill all current NBA players, make new teams, get new people, and see where it goes from there.
Girl put yourself on the damn mini bus …
After today, I've decided to quit my job to pursue my dreams of becoming teen model. Good day.
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it.
Gamel done for season...
Twitters being a ratred.
"The Nutty Professor."
you two are crazy(:
I need new friends. Seriously these motherfuckers got to go
Is it just me or is this wedding thing on #ACMs a little weird?
Im not to worried just gonna go with the flow... What more can I do ??
3 Lafayette Square-area restaurants offer tastes of China, Vietnam, India
apparently thinks Obama does every job in his admin all by himself
You can book me for Event Hosting, Special Appearances, Birthday Parties, and More!
Details please?! RT: THE CUPCAKE CRAWL IS 6 DAYS AWAY! Excited, ? (cc: )
The last thing we need is another bad singing show.
Picking up the Wolf...getting ready to throw down in athens...
Lol suck a mean one I'm hella weak !!
When building online student services, recognize that on campus students will probably be the majority users. Design accordingly.
Everytime 's american express commercial comes on my sister and I are on the floor laughing! So freaking funny! Xx
Stop worrying about what gifts you r born with and more about what you do with it!
congrats on making a favre story even more unappealing and annoying by including Bernard expletive berrian.
you only live once? :)
Exercise is one of the best activities to keep you young <3
Hilites of Globetrotters on News4 at 11:“: Yup! Managed to sink a 3 pointer and drove pretty hard to the basket."
Check out our buddies in cause they're all sexy beasts!!
I'm from ky but currently living in Paris Tn
Chipotle and The Polar Express
I'm sorry baby, do you have a sorethroat ?
#itgrindsmygears When youu dont follow me or notice me:( but i never say never<3
let me know wen u find out
- ok, but no "the pieces are in place"!
thank you!! ♥
Thanks also for the follow. I hope you have a wonderful day!
is there any1 worth taking a look @ w/ the miniMLE that is above 6'9"? Putting a lot of stock in health/stamina of KG & JO
So, apparently, I'm doing so well at my temp job, that they're gonna let go another temp, and I'm gonna do both jobs. Um... O_o
hey noww ! Don`t make funn ! Goldfish are my favoritee (:
Virtual Scavenger Hunt! $25 Gift Card prizes from Starbucks, JambaJuice, Subway, Olive Garden and BJ's! First Hint on 10/7 @ 11 a.m. sharp!
You just wasted your time reading this. Congrats.
S/O To Just love Latinas hahaha
“: we get it poppinn in the parking lot.”
Chinese for the day: 背部 [bèibù] the back of the body
RT - World Series. #TheShow Cleveland Indians vs Atlanta Braves. Let's get it!
How are the spurs boring to watch ????
Fuck.. Since when did relationships become so complicated?
I really don't want to do this Florida virtual school thing but my mom says she won't be the tickets if I don't.
Come downtown for the ONE UP experience. Happy hour drink specials and (better than bar food) eats!! DJ Hump spinning hip hop, R&B 9-close
Nothing cuter then Man Mahomies & Dude Directioners ;p
Cake vodka?!?
"every African ain't that beautiful." -Shadae on #RestlessCity - Bold choices. Beautiful.
welcome Greg - we need more literary people on Twitter, most definitely
This is being recorded! Will post videos asap!
You may find a degree of comfort in identifying the successful people with whom you share faults. But never let it become a source of pride.
I didn't listen to Donna Summer and i don't even know who she is so i'm not gonna pretend i did but showing respects
Can it really be 50 years since John Glenn orbited the Earth?
im just imagining you lookin exactly how you do in your prof pic on the train chatting this girl up
who are these people? Intorduce me to them, I'm not comfortable talking to strangers, especially over the world wide web
ok ok! I apologize.
Sarah and her husband discovered was an amazing
wrds r cheap. encourging words dont cost us anything..we throw thm around like we r acomplishng somthing noble.Tangible help..that is noble
I wonder if we could possibly ask Justin Vernon to not use falsetto for a while...
whats new tonight?
I hold the world but as the world...A stage where every man must play a part...
what is iitttt follow me!
waiting on these nigga &
Awesome! Thanks..
I don't know taking a semester at the very least for myself to feel better and be back to "normal" wouldn't be bad
#6000th tweet! Woot woot I like to thank my mom for having me lol.😂
I work with kids therefore I am happy. Why aren't you happy?
For chrissake, how is it already 6? I came in early & didn't even take lunch. Not feeling good & being super sore from workout doesn't help.
awesome thing about KMail: when you write that you are sending an attachment but press send w/o attaching, it reminds you
Yes, I don't want to remember that one. SURREAL! Campus and city were like zombies for days.
The real question is will I ever use my computer again?
Walmart after midnight because yolo
Quests who just arrived in Charlotte, NC!!! EEk!!! So excited!
I really need to work out but I can't stop watching big bang theory.
ordering a lot of printer ink there my friend.
Learning about apples falling?
and thanks Jaime!
Work till 6, then birthday dinners with the fam, plus so much homework, this sunday's gonna suck:(
- *closeup of bead of sweat moving slowly down Sam's brow* *audible exhale*
Haha guys we just want pictures of you handing out shit, taping posters, and our bands - but now I've learned Andrew W.K. has pits haha
Threading eyebrows with #ouch but worth it I will definately keep getting them done that way :))
I literarily dropped my iPhone for the very first time when I saw RT me!!!Good thing nothing happend to it or I'll be dead lol
back atcha! Looking forward to next time.
With Living Stress Free® solutions happen effortlessly as by-products of the program.
vinyl junkie?
RT Did you know Brian Williams was hilarious?? Super funny dude.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 11
So true. Interviews should not be complicated--- Exec Recruiters Agree There Are Only 3 True Job Interview Questions - Forbes via
Making my way back to the U.S.
I was so close temple run ... i did that run with no wings or head starts. I was just earning coins and got a new high
People always fear what they don't understand. Be afraid of what you think you do.
@ us if ur going2 at on 5th and K NW! ALL KINDS OF YUMMY TREATS 4a GREAT CAUSE! Try our green tea cupcakes!
I have literally done that. Programming has its highs and lows.
From Everyone here at STUFF, we wish you and yours a safe and fun New Years Eve and Day!
What are your kids' favorite excercises?
those who practice goodness breed good nature.
peace through poetry - a powerful possibility
oh I do. I am old. Lol.
Mark Milby of the Sykesville Rotary Club is telling us about how they got 14 new members in one month! People want to get involved...
Take what??
RT : Disney and Lake Underhill Park runs. RT : What is your favorite family-friendly activity in Central...
I dont know what I can do at here twitter...
Just bought ticket to Avengers next Friday. No interest in seeing it in 3D but I did want to see it in IMAX. No 2D IMAX?
Yes i made it to 200 followers shout out to my 200th follower you rock. =D
Friendly pedantic reminder: -- ≠ —
Nice! I'm Wilshire+Sepulveda, right next to 405. Every week is different but if next week is cool lets circle back on monday
pictures please
It happens, long season though RT“ Wish the game in St. Louis was cancelled”
Deuce chains I'm fung shway
Just confirmed a call with this week to talk about GameHouse & our investments in social.
lol where my white boy's at
Take care of your body- It’s where you live- InSpotter mobile app
This afternoon's project? Going grocery shopping with my wife, Cinda. It's strange I know, but this is our idea of fun.
LOL u never cease to surprise me with the new words lol
#clippernation lets do this tonight!
What color did you dye it?
$5,000 for 1934B series Fed Reserve Note with a star in the serial number issued by the Kansas City Federal uncirculated condition.
Automotive repair and collision body repair shop - Customer Satisfaction is our first priority.
There's tons of info out there - feel free to email me and I will help if I can -
Hurry! We only have 4 buy one get one free Latisse sets!
Registered this morning...looking forward to checking it out.
LHC keynote reception starting in 15 min! Come meet Tony Plana Keynote address to follow at 6:30!
“: My hell would involve a party bus” I'm so glad someone else shares this sentiment.
I love when people doubt me, cause when I prove them wrong they feel stupid as shit,
i completely agree!!!!!! love #thevoice!!!!
RT : ok...Ive been checkn daily! I luvvv u by far my FAVE #BBW!!< I agree she has really grown!
First candy cane of the season.. #Ohjeeze :p
So distracted by the Charger Girls you couldn’t finish that story? Don’t worry I won’t tell the wife…
- My most recent fav is a (spectacle) show called HOMINID that toured Europe for 3 months.
just in the beginning. You will see. Gather yourself up.
too funny. any takers? (waits for some dude to tweet, "but women do this too....)
True Story!
is my hero. i would want to make it in the industry just for a chance to have a conversation w/ him XD
When cute boys get with ugly girls <<<<
Free the weed!!!
Goodwill Industries - Big Bend, Inc.
oh ok...yea last I remember you moved to DFW .. goin in with that boy
Dont think im a go out tonight..... And damn sho aint touchin the rest of the Goose
Thank you! That means a lot!
How can you love and respect yourself today? I am going to start by taking a nice, long hot bath. Aaahhh...
Thanks for the shout out!
We are trying out Oscar's at the Plaza for the first time. I'm about to eat my arm off. But hey, the decor is well done!
I wouldn't be surprised if I pass out tomorrow during school.
Inspiration and Perspiration...recipe for today.
Follow for tweets from todays's rally for unarmed black teen fatally shot neighborhood Watch Captain in Florida.
This will be the longest 18 days of my life.
Sleeping and driving is the new Texting and driving
They utilize art & materials to design spaces to both reflect & inspire their users
shut up. You're not the one whos in love with josh hutcherson. loljk
I love all time low!
Never look back, just keep on going! And when you get there, breathe and be proud!!!
I can't walk in these shorts. Too short when I walk and then I feel awkward.
Ok all tables booked...ladies get in free b4 11... on the tables and hosting...
Ugh, I should go home.. .
Are you a Holistic Health Practitioner?
We need to get this budget ready to go on the road.
Yesterdays 15 hour day has me moving in slow motion today.
#NP oh well - juicy j and 2 chains..
Nothin better than having a wingman like getting your back w/ Raider/Laker fans around watching throwdown!
Well not waiting didn't do Diana any favors - I am glad they waited until it was right - for them. Much love xoxo
you gotta make me famous too😝☺
Has your partner ever prevented you from leaving the house, seeing friends/family, getting a job, or continuing
please write a blog on the art of the hustle. I'd like to hear your definitions and experiences
Also - North Coast 2010 Old Stock Ale at Dilly - awesome!
Use Nurses at Mercy are AWESOME ! CONGRATULATIONS !!!!!!
Some people need to lay of the Hater-ade 😜
ha u crack me up!
another one what? A movie? Lol
I did..but it might've been too late
Wishing everyone a fun a safe
But we old right ?? LOL that rondo response » »
Our booking agent dropped us from the tour 2 months ago and never told anyone. We had no idea no one else knew.
heh, lost another follower... guess I shouldn't be surprised
DONE! If this doesn't get me some bush & coke then I don't know what will?
I prefer it anyway.
u need to come holla at me thinking bout a trip in may
#top100lies I'm over him!(:
Lower back: lower back pain at the lumbar vertebrae
Mad & tried to crowd surf on a nigga haha. No go
that's how we do baby!!!!!
Keith: I love the news on #current! Would love to see on a morning show from 7-9am. Possible?
I'm going to try it tonight.
One of the keys to being successful in business is to avoid sleeping with your colleagues.
8 page paper done and its not even 5 o'clock
If its strawberries I'll be there,Boo vanilla or chocolateR T Mine hasn't in a while RT : My milk shake
love u2 baby<3
I just got in the worst mood, for like no reason :(
wow 260 tweets and almost all of them are for you #FeelSpecial lol
freaking awesome. what a stud. welcome to the world, little man.
“: If your an artist looking for Dub Step Beats or production with a "BUDGET" . Please contact Taira Daniel
Good to connect with you on LinkedIn. What number can I reach you at (feel free to DM me)?
You can look me in the eyes and see that I hate myself.
Eventually, I expect my entire wardrobe to consist of XKCD t-shirts.
I will, I'll let you know what I think
Well this Google+ redesign looks interesting.
Call it a hunch, but I got a feeling that shows are going to be especially amazing tonight.
#mus105 posted essay from last week on Blackboard. Will be revising for Wednesday.
Almost forgot to sort my M&Ms by color and number before consuming them! Narrowly averted that disaster, phew.
If your a laker fan and u live in michigan it clearly means your parents dont love u
I'm always instagramming my cats :D
On this day in 1789 Congress officially adopted the title of "President" for the nation's chief executive.
you're just jealous of my relationship with your girlfriend, I understand. We can get past this..
List I have head several of your entries . Your stuff is all amazing and perfectly related to what we are doing!
want what? Im zak can u follow me back
Lecrae's 'Church Clothes' comes out tomorrow!!
i wanna learn to play guitar, bass & drums && scream lol
Do you think they sent Betty to a spa?
Whoa! The Militant's favorite Dodger gives a jersey to his favorite Laker. Awesome sauce.
i made the background image fixed
young lady always take your makeup off or you'll end up looking like an old lady.
make me !
Amazing! Like the best one yet. Thomas could you get anymore perfect❤ fantastic I loved it and I love you!
Looking for a personal assistant job, preferably in the entertainment business, in the Los Angeles area! Contact me! :D
CDC: Record asthma rates
never confuse motion, with action
Del Negro slumps around like a member of the Addams Family.
I want my pink shirt back! I want my pink shirt back!!!!
President Abraham Lincoln: "Whatever shall appear to be God's will I will do." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches, p. 40.
I'd say. Good stuff.
I'd love to have you speak to my group, how much do you charge?
Many thanks for the mention! Happy #FF !
Were you there when they nailed him to a tree? Were you there when they laid him in the tomb?
Joline Blais: connections are for home & family (ritual) or for commerce (entertainment); digital tech can establish both
Oh, I just love Tim Burton!!! <333
Come in & check them out!
RT :Truly humbling to lift at the OTC weight room. Some of these chicks are so strong and badass!
As a kid,When I got mad at my mom I went outside and stepped on every crack tryna break her back... It never worked... Glad it didnt
who r u going with and how much?
#Arsenal still best team in North London. United not the best team in Manchester. Hell not even close.
#uword about content of our heart
So I have two book that I need to finish reading by the end of this week but they both bore me to tears.
I have the biggest headache. Wish I had somewhere quiet to bury my head and go to sleep.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1865, Lee informed Davis that troops in SC were scattered but could be reunited "by diligence and boldness."
#NowPlaying – David Vendetta – Thomas Gold vs. Katy Perry - I Kissed A Girl (David Vendetta & Monte Cristo 2011 Re-Mash)
Finally done with that test :)
laughing so hard that, no noise is coming out, so you sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
lol bra i wulda passed out twice if i got a ps3 & a flat screen all in 1 day!
Reading your tweets from today, sounds like you've had a busy & productive #MayDay. Rockin' over there, ain't it?
#OTGTIPS 99.5% OF THE PEOPLE WHO SAY THEY KEEP IT REAL, KEEP IT REAL FAKE.
shoot... you didn't mention the chips!!! Salt and Vinegar chips are hands down the best kind!!!
good seeing y'all bro. Hope u don't get on the same episode as me. Hate to have to send u home with a red ass.
prolly my ex. RT tall dark haired white in 20's guy around Santa Monica and la cienaga following women. Be careful ladies!"
#TheVoice hit me baby one more time, unexpected and well done
you are the deffinition of sex.
Ok I have been gone a while, but I don't remember my twitter looking like this, sweet.
Pool parties at the summit rooftop all summer... Just got the acceptance call for the new pad, my new neighbors the :-)
yup. On USA.
I don't even watch hockey but holy shit...
Tomorrow Gonna Take FOREVER , I have This Feeling !
O2 oh what have you done to me lol <3
Looking forward to your updates. Cheers!
Thanks for helping us with our project. Freaaking cutie
follow back?
Now we can say that all good things come to and end,but we know each other way too well to pretend
Tonight the Memphis and Shelby County Music Commission present First Friday Rocks! Live music by Speakerboxx! Free, show at 10!
follow back?
Im ready for the mbfw contest
Hi Twitterverse! So how 'bout them Avengers? I loved the movie - what'd you think?
Steve Remember: Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open. Continue to be amazed!
LOL THIS IS WHAT I DON'T GET. HOW U GONE TWEET THE PPL THAT UNFOLLOW U... WHEN U DON'T #FOLLOW NOBODY???
Vampire Diaries >>>>>
we miss you too!
Thank you! :)
hahah well why not??
If anyone has seen my brother, could you tell him iv been looking for him since Friday...!
Nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory.
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it.
Our fingerprints never fade from the lives we touch.
Congrats YES! There we go but I wasn't worried :-)
"If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's...
Single on Valentine's Day. Oh well.
Congrats to you both and to your teams on the #enemygraph coverage! Great to see.
THURSDAY! 6pm! Free Bike Ride and a Beer! Starts at the shop, ends at Von Trier!
Will you guys be out at CIA today?
Back at the office. BL and I already wrecked the new RR Evoque. Never a dull moment!
get me one!!
Getting ready for to start this weekend! Very excited to be a part of it this year!!
Hahaha! Thanks for looking out for me, even if I'm not in the market for a new job.
I'll take common sense over any of them
about ???/(: my husband Madison
Oh no I've said too much.
You mad bro?
Awesome! I'll add that in there!
I remember we always used to text. I don't know if you even think of me but I regret that we haven't kept in touch.
Encarta vs. Wikipedia "Having a living document where everyone can collaborate"
My candle burns at both its ends; It will not last the night; But oh, my foes, and oh, my friends -- It gives a lovely light
I wish #Brewers season would just start already so I could have even more specific reasons to hate corey hart
Sent out some un-holiday greeting cards for the day.
If only you knew.
GUYS!! You should all follow :)
UGH working late on a Saturday night. Got a lot done tho. Rending some cool 3D video tomorrow in After Effects CS5 - Looking forward to that
Thank you for the follow! :)
Steak #FoodieChat Q8 Favorite Entrée to order? A. Fish B. Steak C. Chicken D. Pasta E. Veggie or other…
90 good for the tempo?
Floyd wins 9th 5-4 Floyd... Cotto better guard against the uppercut
"Only 1.8% of women run businesses are million dollar businesses." - Nell Merlino
Thomas Hofmann on browsing without language barriers: translating web pages and cross-lingual Information Retrieval
Work has me scheduled until 1:30. Class starts at 12:30. Guess which one I find more important. (Hint: It's not work.)
Oh Sirius. Every time I said NO to the price, the hard sell continued. "Well, let's try this" only works if one of the options costs less!
Ya gonna make biscuits? -Gir
Bingo! RT : yea I gotcha when I go the studio tomorrow....
"No, me seeing a movie with another guy tonight isn't a date. Don't worry. Also we should break up."
": RETWEET IF YOU WANT A FOLLOW BACK AND HUGE SHOUT OUT FROM ME!!! [Did&FollowingBothPages]
2 more days until Christmas!
Ready to knock this niggga head off
Yep. Caribb. countries with online betting have antitrade judgements on us n this, and AUS games broadcast current lines.
Im mad
Just saw the best Hulk movie ever.
Just woke up from an Epic dream tht I didn't get to finish...but just saying....I feel like Jet Lee.
NO RUSH, DAHHLING ;D
that's my favorite type of weather :)
Outwardly directed thinking can be flawed by failure of the senses, false reports or mistaken learned assumptions.
Does your business or organization need some banners? Or really bump up the marketing with a car wrap? Contact ! Best deals evah!
I know you're here! I'm stalking you. Lol
So the details being confidential quote is from Doherty, not Uthoff.
Shut up lol
haha, and be like this for you Martin since London cheated on me Lmao!
Extended gas curtailment jolts FFBL | Business Recorder
Happy April Fool's- April 10th for us, way more fun than April 1st. No AMERICAN IDOL for Lights Resolve. C'mon people!
Nice! Uncle steve got me season 1 & 2 for xmas : mad men with a cocktail in hand
A3: I talk to God, write in my gratitude journal and call a friend if need be.
rub up against the man.
I should sign up 4 Google Drive 2 go w/ Box,Dropbox & every other cloud acct I have so I can ensure my data is in DC's on all continents
How could I stand here and not be moved by You! (Jesus) <3
every single episode is on Netflix streaming.
" We are pretty excited to see some of the fun things you guys will bring to the !
aye real sh*t (peep game) If I tip around girl that I'm seeing naked, ain't that considered a stripper?
Watching Fullham vs Wolvs hoping Demps gets himself a goal this week.
Come on Lakers need to win
Let go and let God deal with it
it's never to late to turn you'r life around and make a difference in someones life and become a someone and go back to school.
Annex Bingo is back! Stop by the on Wednesday for some late nighty fun!
's new album "This Warm December" is amazing! From the new hit "In The Morning" to the newly rearranged "Angel" Go Mellow Man!
lmfaoo! No cuz im laughing too. Its sad tho.
Is there really a "chance to win"? I always wonder if it's worth my time.
I am not sure, I know at the very least it is in my bladder. All I saw in the filters was like a crystal sand. I hope that was it
no hard feelings...this is just business
So it turns out I broke my tibia and my fibula...haha the X-ray is pretty gruesome. But I'm doing well! Appreciate the concerns!
miss my boyfriend so much..
#WFUD12 It's a common misconception that attribution is the keystone of fair use. Not irrelevant to the analysis, but hardly determinative.
ihave gained so much weight
wait, wait, wat... Amy's not coming back? Don't start rumors! Is it true??
Thanks for the tweet about our virtual staging service!
Everybody's a genius. But if you judge a fish by it's ability to climb a tree, it will live it's whole life believing it's stupid.
Cut my hair while home. Last time. I made this promise to myself. Lol
If we can't be there, do you have an Amazon wish list or something so we can get you a present?
Thanks for the #FF!
Thanks for having a look! :)
States are required to have strong #ChildAbuse fatality disclosure laws as a condition of receiving CAPTA $, but many still fall far short
