& I am always here for you. I had fun at #starbucks with you today :3 so much FUN!
Kim heard about your wedding
Peyton, you clever SOB. You just won yourself a 5th MVP award and you didn't even play. Always one step ahead.
I never saw the movie, but the book is really tedious
Ever had to cover your mouth and cry yourself to sleep
Hi Lisa. Do you know anything about "Limitless?" A coworker just gave it to me unsolicited. Is it worth watching? Thx.
Besides KD i cant think of anyone else who disserves it.
We are all born for love... it is the principle existence and it's only end. by Disraeli
Seeing and btr in 1 week omg hbfdsjkfdsjfksdh crying.
If you ever get invited to Crisp on Brady and your over the age of 14 JUST SAY NO.
Man I miss my girl
Good thing I missed that one
Dude...i just had six vodak soaked gummy bears..so who knows whats gonna happen"
ditto!! See you in a few hours!
"Motivation is like food. You can't get enough in one sitting. It needs continual & regular top ups." Price
Happy Mothers day Baby Kaya and I are so lucky to have an amazing person in our life. #ilysfm ur my world
Damn.. Has it already been a yr since I graduated college?!? Where has time gone? I'm gunna be 24 here soon.
RT : Great visit yesterday to discuss new website // we agree, cant wait to make it go live!
You know what, I hate Two Boot's pizza. There, I said it.
Great work at #ultralight this evening, Andy!
Ok this I awesome! saw 's video and saw 's video! :D so happy for them! <3 <21
: Awesome! I just started following them :) Wat r u most surprised about when designers ask 4 legal advice?
RT : You can feel the buzz as Clinton is about to take the stage. No, wait, my phone is on vibrate. But still.
Great turn out this weekend at the "Flea" Market! Thanks to all who helped!
Welp. That was quick. Of Monsters and Men is sold out!
I was one of them! Huge thanks! Hi David! RT : Told room of 200 women entrepreneurs to hire for guidance
Participating in social media will help you understand your clients, their story, & how they interact with others. cc '
Young check ya email
Cleanning up. And reorganizing my room since im still wide awake and havent slept at all. XP
Congrats to fellow #blugold on the HUGE #grammy wins tonight! #UWEC is proud!!!
Leonardo DiCaprio is the most beautiful creation the sweet Lord above has ever put onto this earth
Kyle Richards sleek and straight hairstyle
Love that Billy!!!
Get on the case! Also find out which delegate bought everyone grape schnapps last night so I can hit him.
Howdy! Just trying to stay positive on my end.
I don't think that's very provacative ...
Yeah it is hun!
I must have slipped into a parallel universe...the Lions are actually a good team.
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
hm...not the most fun thing in the world for sure, but that nasty cancer won't stand a chance!
Monday Night is Service Industry Night @ Jade Monkey. Stop on in and get 30% off for service industry workers.
O human beauty, what a dream art thou, that we should cast our life and hopes away on thee!
Pick your Easter Egg with a discount inside! All week at BVEN Boutique. Tomorrow from 4-7pm- meet Krumpet, the adorable Easter bunny!...
where ever you'd like to go my dear :)
And Arias should be added to 3B
are the 4-packs REALLY only being sold online? :-)
What?! I don't know what's going on. My site's been so whacked lately! :P
Once I get signed I'm out the house ✌
It's Mafia time at
Enjoy the day, nothing is promised.
Overslept and now looking for my utz. #fb Must finish LE Sketchbook today!
Wow what a stinkface lady walking that dog!
‎"Ah yes, the past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it." - The Lion King
I see you're off to a good start. Happy Tweeting! (even though you're a Redskin's fan)
two weeks is a stretch but I'll do my best. Get back to you tomorrow. Something special happening then???!!
He's lucky that Indianapolis isn't a major media market.
I was at a US Presidential Library. almost ol garmnts were mnfrd. somwhere else in this wrld, evn d neck tie bearng d US presidential seal
I think you mean air, not O2.
thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
Money season
I'm still holding strong! beans and rice...are nice!
Congrats to my fellow #TOPMANLFW round the world tweeter's
and warm!
I'm such a sucker for those freezer french bread pizzas... Especially the pepperoni kind.
Because its the TRUTH!! ; )
Extra credit is gettin turned in early. (;
me cant mis I rewatched the SB today Missed all the pt after and commercials taking TD shots! W
lol cute pic...how was it?
Learning about the iCloud at a free training session Apple offers iPad and iPhone users.
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3 3
Girl get ready!
Well said. I agree.
but I'm going to sleep goodnight sis :) have a good day!!
I'm almost pretty sure about boba tonight... see you there
Lee Ann Womack's song Last Call.. it's a few years old but I'm obsessed with this song.
what are fiddleheads?
Okay! I think I'll cop some closer to the end of Summer.
Can I join? D: Save girl from boredom.
Thanks everyone for understanding that I haven't had much time lately. I want you all to know that it doesn't mean I don't love you. K?
Did you know...2/3 of the people that have doctor-diagnosed arthritis are under the age of 65
that.ks for the follow. Have a wonderful day.
Tech for you, and you and you and you too.
Seriously ? why is this white-coated urologist explaining #hcr on my teevee? Come on Dr. Gupta, you can do better.
I'm excited Sr. Pastor of the Salem Baptist Church of Chicago will join me for the 1st day of the WALK starting n NY June 5th
Hi Jessica. I'm looking forward to reading SHADES OF GRAY, on my PC. I am impressed by the realism in your book!
Tonight is the season finale of Vampire Diaries, which means ladies will be going outside again. Get your boners ready fellas.
My #gotosong is "Live Your Life" from TI, featuring
“: “: Great night!” you're welcome!” amazing prom date everyone!
lists as a CHUMP RT Gerard talks about how daughter would be harmed by altmire's position against HCR law
Delay is preferable to error.
"Gilly" is the "Whitney" of SNL sketches. Wait, which one did I just insult more?
Went to see the Hunger Games. Now I'm going fishing.
I spin weekly what's up
You're a fool, its must see TV! RT Is anyone else as excited as I am to not watch Ocho & Evelyns new wedding show this fall on VH1
Chris Evans > RDJ
Going to my little cousin pre-k party tomorrow.
And the phone meeting is finished. Just in time for me to not get coffee. Stupid 3pm closing time.
Just moved my brothers bed from his room all the way down to our garage by myself with a full set of nails on. Ah yeah. #imawesome 😌
You're both gonna get it! Really :)
Long time since I did a #winetime tweet. tonite drinking a Coopers Hawk Malbec Petit Verdot
Thanks. I emailed .com as noted. i'm interested in hearing how this happened.
Bad ass RT : it's a late '90s sort of day- 3 mile pilot, faraquet, cave in.. ha.
Single digits!!!
Hey guys help spread the word about our twitter page!!!
Someone give me a s/o. I want 300 followers
Thanks for the follow! Please pass along the word about !!!!
I won't let nobody hurt you..
Welcome & thx for checking in on 4square! Feel free to tweet/follow back with any comments during your visit ^RS
I need some new faces for shoots. Dallas' beautiful faces need to get at me...
yay come on over. We'll have you covered!
oh, one big gig & he's after my girl RT : Oh you stop it right now you sexy lady! That's right I said it !
Somebody talk to me, Im bored!
Congrats! It was a great weekend & the Derby was awesome. Hope to see you again this weekend!??
Debate can be powerful in any content area, find controversial topic: evolution, story prob vs. numeric, any current events
hey beautiful
Why am i watching Nick Jr? Yo Gabba Gabba frightens me..
same here :) love disick! “: all 's tweets make me laugh!”
“ Jennifer lost cool points” AGREED!
Desperate to know, scared to find out."!
The October issue is a hit! Working on November. The pages are filling up but contact me if you have an event you would like to promote. :)
Thank you for being brave enough to be the 1st President in U.S. history to speak in favor of same sex marriage. #BRAVO!
"We all are ACHIEVERS; we achieve according to our level of BELIEFS. We all are WINNERS; we win according to our level of PERSEVERANCE."
I wish I could say in my tweet and get a big bag of skittles like
everyone is safe. All systems go and the #chompersareintact!
Coming back from Nuovo mag event; epic.
SINCE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL.<3
We rearranged our living room. It's making me feel like it's Christmas x.o
I don't feel like getting on right now lol
Play Self Destruction
I let her go cause I love her<3
GT Needs GREAT, Outgoing People in Memphis, TN on 12/31 for a Bowl Game event! Please email info, pics to ASAP!
I don't find Cody Simpson cute at all . eww -.-
I love panera :)
Oh the shit I would do to be back in Chicago and go back to about a year ago
Hah! has no official PHP SDK, but their developer forum is built on PHP. Oh the irony.
you're sl pretty with out make up on! (;
What was the Yankees payroll in, say, the 1920s compared to other teams?
You know you're working in childcare when your "employer" walks into the room with her pants around her ankles and says "I can wipe myself!"
Glad it works for you! We didn't know :) and will tweet generally--
Damn you Time Warner for canceling MSG now how am I suppose to watch my hockey?
I am so happy
Great job and
#Obama congratulates #Putin on winning a rigged election.
When all you want is that one person to comfort you when you're sick, but they don't seem to get it because they have friends over.
SN: yall inboxs be mad dry. Come to the Mixer and see how many messages you get.
:) I love a shoe analogy!
Did I mention that I lose keys. A lot? Have tried the "remote keyfinder" widgets, but we have those on our cats too. Confusing.
Shopping Social: The Effect of Social Media on Retail Development by up now
I literally have about 5 layers on and 2 blankets wrapped around me right now.. and my hands will not stop shaking
looks like lga to mke is $137 RT w/taxes. I'll keep an eye on it.
Anyway, good night all.
So let's get on it. No excuses. We're going to get right and tight!
Well so much for all of those planned protests in Chicago for the G8.
Dinner last night at Acme nyc was inspiring and delicious. Thank you Chef Mads and staff. Welcome to New York!
BUSSIN MOVES! IM BEAT! IM M THE BED CHALUPING!!
Brewers should stay clear of anybody named Estrada.
Life is getting better for me by the minute!
And #shoutout to putting me on the movie "battleship" 2weeks b4 it came out lol
Thank you!
"All I’m trying to do is survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty, unbelievable lifestyle that they gave me."
Happy 1 year & 10 months baby :) I love you Cory 
lol stood up til 3 30 and I haven't slept at all
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe who to trust and who not to trust... Also, it showed me who I truly am!
LOL was somebody up even later than me?!
Enjoying the ride on #trolley :) A nice sunny day so far.
Botanical gardens!
love how you noticed it :) yes, it is
Ok. Today it's Seattle -> Frankfurt -> Pune. Ought to be interesting.
To day is a new fresh day! God is good..
Ugh I missed the call
Presentation folders make an excellent impression on potential clients and prospects. So, Impress your potential clients with...
RT if you Love Your Beliebers (:
Lance Armstrong needs a new Twitter picture. Who agrees???
Actually McKenzie. I think she was found at that church on Perkins near Chickasaw.
A few of us will be at the Polaris mall in Columbus tomorrow evening to sell out some of our merch. Come get yours before its gone! RT this!
Student and faculty assembly honoring all #veterans November 11th 1:45PM at South Milwaukee High School
SEO PowerSuite Software Gives Ever-Deeper Insight into Google Analytics Data ... - Seattle Post Intelligencer
RT : However, she mistook the "drowsy eye" alcohol warning for a "winking eye" alcohol suggestion.
AUTHENTIC BY DESIGN.
Concierge desk isn't very helpful. All I want to know is why the US mint won't cast a portrait of my penis on a dollar coin.
This dude is listening to Amanda Perez god sent me an angel
Get ready, Producers, Filmmakers, Art Directors, Ad Firms, Motion Graphics COs, and AnyoneWhoLovesGreatTunes....We're less than a week away!
#GURT2011 Susan Herring plenary in Reiss 103 - paper includes an analysis of retweenting as recontextualization
Got me too. When I saw a Tweet pop up in my TL with my picture I was like, I didn't send that Tweet...
I don't think people understand the importance of a good education, and that constantly irritates me.
It's peanut butter jelly time!
just watched Hostel 3. That's sum real trippy shit mane.
love who u are love who u aint
Choose your #SM networks strategically and leverage others to drive your "home base"
Akward being the first one in the room...
You can cheat with someone, your work, your other priorities in life. Find time for love; a balanced relationship.
my overexposed actor choices who are good BUT I never have to see again Sam Jackson Liam Neeson....
There's an informational and workshop happening tomorrow (10a-12p) that they're encouraged to attend.
#3WORDSFORYOU How you what ?!
I'm not doing it this year, but know quite a few classmates participating.
Twitter Now Worth $3.7 Billion after $200 Million Raise | Epicenter | Wired.com wired.com/epicenter/2010…
Nicholas French unplugged was an incredible event. Lots of PICs to come
That's actually the passage I know best. Was reading it to my friend yesterday bc it's so amazing. Thanks so much for the advice.
Stitcher is what us Android people use to listen to podcasts on our phones.
Glad to be here. Thanks for the informative presentations.
RT trixieboots: Sabbaticals are magical. There should be a portmanteau for them. Sabbatimagicals.
My Bestfriend Is Funny ;)
I went to see the next time you're coming on tour near me and the only new York concert is sold out):
According to a Japanese legend, the crane lives for a thousand years, & a sick person who folds 1,000 origami cranes will become well again.
i agree-boozer is a looser till otherwise
Whatever happened to high on life? Guess that only happens if you're
Happy Mother's Day! I Love My Mommy!
Just a little crying, but still so sweet
"Klout believes you are influential about Money." Well, Klout needs its head checked.
Nice! I am currently in Portland. Where are you job hunting?
follow me pleasee !! :D
i am the empty vessel... keep it coming
The Internal Revenue Service has announced an increase in the optional standard mileage rates for the final six months of 2011.
“: I really can't stand Miami fans. Yal are narrow minded and simple AF. Have a seat.” << that's cuz 80% of em jus became fans
It's five o'clock in the morning.
That's why I don't even Use my phone always losing service
" I am a historian and that freaks me out" - mike tyson quote on Momofuku board
omg, u Krav!! :D. I like you more and more.
Yes, Swag Bag mania is sweeping the offices @ BEA!
Fine ass Females lurkin this Summer! Lol.
Good for you, goodnight :)
This Clippers/Grizzlies game makes Knicks/Heat look like a Harlem Globetrotters game.
When does the article with Snooki come out?
#lunchtime with smosh will you let ride on your back?
Major drivers of behaviors for #HealthLiteracy are different from kid to kid- find out what motivates them
your message to me said "Did you really say this about me?" I was racking my brain for what I could have possibly said. :-P
Put the pressure on em just when they think I eased up.
My account was hacked last night. Sorry for any inconvenience
absolutely not. just come on out! :)
I'm Bored. Can I Edit A Pic Of You?
yea I go to skoo
Awe shit, I can't sleep again
celebrating some measure of Catholic pride on both days, so it's alright to splurge and not feel guilty
I just realized my Pastor Unfollowed me.. See if I pay my Tithes this Sunday Nigga!
said the #marlins fan.
me myself and I that's all I got in the end.
Like the idea of DIMs but wonder how hard it is to shift away from LIM (SME) direct access to development team
You just don't get it
I Cried When DALLAS MAVERICK'S LOST TONIGHT..
Hey,, I'm doing English homework. Is this good? shall I compare thee to a summers day?
Glad to have you! RT : On way to D.C. For #WellnessWeek kickoff with , and
When the revolution comes, Im going to be the guy on top of a rubble pile waving a giant flag and riling the crowd up with my fiery slogans.
Hungry. Too late to eat. Damn.
Got a problem with me? I'm pretty sure a tweet on Twitter won't fix it.
I wish she was here with me right now
Great party last night brother! much success to you all!! ... oh and Sennheisers for life!
Hate people that can't drive >:( smh ..
I just cheered for aramis ramirez hitting a double. Wierd!
You should follow back :-)
that is awsome
Chris or Nick :)
So many choices!! Hm...garden on the far side of the Plaza, looking @ everything: pool, fountain, buildings, & a good book.
Thanks for the info....I now have one on the way (and another one for the wifey, too). Nice marketing!
I actually got 2 minutes early to school today, thanks dad.
LOL 4:25 AM -- i awake to Adam crying out "big farts, mommy! Big FARTS." and so the day begins. thanks, thunderstorm.
do you mean the whole new year or just new years eve?
I live in the Bronx!!
Your Hypin It
Soup du jour: Cheeseburger Stew! Great for those who love our burgers but dont have teeth.
Whenever I say I'm going to be focused on doing only homework, it never actually ends up like that. Looks like I'm gonna be busy.
+1 MT : I forgot what a great networking opportunity #MWRC12 is. So great to catchup with friends an colleagues from other campuses.
cool! I love the bird!! "I mixed soil and water then beat it with a whisk. Make sure your mud is not watery."
thank you amber and YOU Carrie are a mess lol. But yes I am lol.
what's happening in June?
some family u guys r lol jus playin but cool
. Somebody Andbody tell Yo Friends Nd Family To Follow Me .
Opelousas,La club Stallions we comin still pushing dis Mr. Mysta "VERBAL FINESSE VOL 1" we out hea!
Is there (natural & edible) solid veg fat that hasn't been hydrogenated? palm oil is semi-solid.
And remember, if your work is not chosen for this issue, there's always next time!
DailyHookahTip#60: Hookah does not equal drugs. This terribly incorrect connotation has devastating impacts to us in the hookah world.
forever trying to figure out my life...
LMFAO. I see why she was embarrassed. RT : her face isnt THAT bad, but she's pretty big.
Rent to Own Electronics Furniture Computers starting at $19.99 per week PLUS TWO FREE WEEKS on Friday, Nov 26th. Sale starts 10am
‎27D1F92E :) new bbm pin! add me :)
Still got one more year of hoops though! RT : Blasting timeflies and waiting for my last class as an undergrad...Im getting old
Keep your chin up, someday there will be happiness again.
if i could work at snobiz, i'd be the happiest person alive
AND ??!! Can't wait for this season!!!
my six-hundred always has my back... fuck decepticons...
Still aint got a studio. Actually waiting to see if my uncles can pull their thing together and get their studio intact.
I really hope the pull this one out..
btw are cupcakes really okay to eat in the bathtub???
Fuck Danny and Christian.
Considering we made 31.5 units yesterday, we'll be just fine lol :)
Hope you feel better 🍲
I walk a fine line, between the right and the real.
real life!!!! @ Ganksta Enterprize it's boss made all across the board!!! Thanks for the luv!!!
I thought I had this tape destroyed! My God, it's like I have to babysit everyone around here...
im the mayor in sprinfield like the mayor of this mixtape shyt
the backup singer in the purple looks like you
Hey you! I just received your thank you for Steven's Birthday. How are you? Hope you're having an amazing year. HUGZ!!!
I beg to differ
We are at Rubios Miami office but they refuse to meet with us or let the press do their job. Call him and demand his staff meet with us!
And I'm off to see Ingrid Michaelson... having mixed feelings about it. I bought these tickets a long time ago. Things were different then.
I'm blind, im deaf, I want to be a ref!
: Gibbs is terrible, what are you talking about?
Planning 4 events that take place within 2 days of each other gives me a greater appreciation for my fabulous #weddingplanner!
We C alot of homes where the CO detector is in the furnace room. It needs to be close to your bedrm so it wakes u up in a CO induced state.
Thanks Kerri!! Should I call the office an ask for you Liz or just email you?
This week is going so slow
Sunday, Sunday... can't trust that day...
Friday* (x aha, still!!!! I better see you chunty !
Good morning one more day to go before we hit Miami beach with our brand new season
DOWN WITH COOL PEOPLE
GREEKS UNITE!! JOIN THE DIVINE 9 HOSTED BY DCNPHC LOUNGE FROM 5:30-9P FOR MARCH MADNESS HAPPY HOUR FUNDRAISER- $10 MINIMUM DONATION.
It looks very professional.
Anyone wanna get me followers!
How many of you can say you've walked the ?
better had apologize
ha thanks girl!! Hope you get what you have always wanted!! Merry Christmas! see you soon!!
Happy Easter from our family to yours! Come on down and visit the Easter bunny and enjoy our yummy Prime Rib specials.
And the buzz starts! thanks you for keeping the 210 Mic Pass in your tweets! and yes the real video is coming! FED!
Hibbert and West can sit in the lane because they don have to worry about our big men hitting 15 footers
Popped the teeth off the iPad dock with a scissor. Undocks at any angle now.
no I don't I tried fixing=) try sending it again I'll save it to my computer and then put into the writting box =)
please follow me click the follow button
is my go to bitch, always by my side
At my voice class .
Palm trees are a nice site. In LA baby. No obligations this weekend, livin at the beach
The producer's cut is the best!!
Ready to release my stress at the gym tonight. Mentally drained tho.
hello my name is ameenikoal n I would love to work with you can I plz get more info
U-Verse absolutely SUCKS for hockey games. meh
So tired Houston last night daytime party today school in the am thought it was
You are in our prayers, Nick. We need you! Speedy recovery and divine health.
I miss soccer :-(
hahaha just kidding bacardi mojito is the best D:
are you sure that guy wasn't me??? Hehehehee! I'm Ol' Floppy Arms!
My skin is too blindingly white for that! RT : Disappointing lack of skin for a picture mentioning a bathing suit.
mini pancakes DO NOT conquer my hunger...still hungry..grrrr
I don't think I can try any harder to make this work.
today feel like a day that juss doesnt exist....
I wish Baby N was more accepting of running in the rain!
Im In Love With This Girl She's Beautiful & Awesome But I Havnt Had The Chance To Meet Her Yet Because She's Waiting For Me In The Future
Read Black Ice by Michael Connelly. Harry Bosch is a great character.
What about in real life?
FUCK AND YES
Social media in digital libraries
Thanks for joining us, Scott. :)
mog better sound & interface!
Wish I was goin to ABCA Convention this year..great place to network if u set it up in advance, esp for asst coaches..
aw I love happy ending online community stories. It's like the new Cinderella, but more high tech, and less glass shoes
Vikings Welcome Back event is tomorrow! Come on in for great deals and chance to win lots of prizes including a cool bike from Dr. Pepper!
sure do.
Well ima just call my best friend Hopefully he'll make me feel better :)
Think peace Believe in change
Really? When? RT : Have to say.....I've had better days being a fan of the Orioles and Georgia Tech
u see the DM?
presales for next year went on sale today. Weekend 1's presales already sold out. :/
Well I just gave up an extra ticket so someone will get lucky.
: She seemed to only be interest in the Colonel...
Cannot wait till tomorrow (:
Woah Artie!!! Hope you're ok!!
I'm sitting here in tears. I just missed it so much :')
Not a waste of life, just a waste of a day :)
The Celtics ain playing nobody right now bro RT : hell yeah and he had the nerve to talk about my ...
Aw! Well, it'll be waiting for you when you get back!
“: My auntie tlkn bout she was drinkn coffee since she was 6months old”lol that's funny boa
Saturday night I stayed up late watching Beethoven with the 5yo. Sunday became a dog owner. Causation or correlation I ask?
just sat down to watch tv, then remembered i canceled my cable so i could afford groceries every month. #dopeboyfresh?
great page load time.... what.... is that you're using? ;)
#FF First class women from who made my visit to #tmtdu2012 phenomenal. Let's gettem goin on #twitter!
And then Drews loud and girly scream! :D
I did not send you a DM of anything so bugger of for jumping before checking out the facts!
Lol at you getting pissed when I'm right.
I like all the tweets telling me not to twitter today.
Access to quality health care is a fundamental civil and human right!
Follow my other account
u got it babe!
hello friday 😉
prepare to photoshop a lot :P
TRAFFIC: ETA to reopen Hwy 51 @ Gray Rd: 7:15am. Road still closed due to head on crash.
Haha okay good! :) I mean I'm sure we could both pull of the same dress but thaat would be pretttyy unconfortable.
Social Media Tulsa Day 1 of 2 complete. Can't wait for tomorrow!
that's my little sis.
we fighting I swear lil stupid ass boy.
On my run today I listened 2 s book, Win Forever, read by him. Such a great book w/ Wooden references & solid coaching nuggets!
yeah, at least it made for a good laugh:)
#perl mkay qq{ I'm gonna need you to go ahead and come in on Saturday };
The pleasure was all mine! I just love having the butterflies in two different greenhouses this year! Thanks!
Hi I think you're cute (;
Look for us today between 2nd and 3rd street on Walnut for lunch.
Its getting closer and closer to my birthday. Hola! <3
I have diagnosed myself with public-bathroom-a-phobia...
I am so excited to see this. I donated to their kickstarter. Glad to see you liked it so much.
No. RT : Jonas Album Will Be Amazing (?)
“: Sometimes the people you think don't want to talk to you are the ones waiting for you to talk to them” #boo :/
the lady on the news just called snoop dog snope dog wtf??
What can I get for $9.00
hurray! i hope you are having a great time :) :) :) :)
Congrats to Kia for this years worst Super Bowl ad
RT : Something I try to convey to friends -- Latino or otherwise -- is that there's no singular Latino experience.
From the #MemorialUnion Design Meeting Agenda and handouts it appears that they will not respect the referendum results.
hey, will you be at 's tonight??
Can't wait!
I firmly believe every book was meant to be written. - Marchette Chute
we get it, you're cool. you blast your bass so all of stoneridge can hear you
New band I'm in is gonna rule..updates and nude photos coming soon!!!
Word! RT Dear Netflix, pull your rush Limbaugh ads. I can totally live without you.
I do too I'm not sure she'll see this but I'll message Angie
I'm pretty good too! I haven't either and I'm coming back to NC but closer to myrtle
Little fuckers on the bus.
Time to get dressed to hit the gym.
At least and I can agree on hoagies. Congrats !
Sunday nights 7:00p.m. join us at southhills.tv
(and water)
y'all niggas are pricks
Jumped out of bed and turned my computer back on for this.
Sad to hear. Burnt out from the road? Guess eating potato chips from in between a dudes toes just doesn't cut it forever. :(
Yeah, expectations were much 2 high for 24hr turnaround time. Emotions 2 high for most artists w/ pipes to sing worthy tribute
Not at all. I said it was awesome and it is!
QOTD: "Facebook is the answer but I'm not sure what the question was."
I cannot BELIEVE the 11 a.m. newscast has to compete with the VERY WELL DONE Severe Weather Special.
Just saw you are from East County too! Best place in SD County!!
Sounds like "ghosting"? Video is made of interlaced fields alternating quickly, & sometimes you get flicker between them.
Speedway sounded amazing on his past U.S. tour
Disagree both on recruiting efforts, and that you somehow "know" what Maryland coaches know
Music is always the best antidote
these bills should be voted down. Temptations abound. Parents should help kids make wise choices....
its funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different.
Day off tomorrow. So... Willow and basketball?
Agreed...one day I hope to attend both...in that respective order. :) : #NYFW > #Grammys The end.
why doesn't my guide work anymore and how do I get it back? To be announced makes it hard to know what's on!
Your AVI is stunning!
Speaking tonight on #GSU panel on women, minorities in the media.
omg me neither! Cold minds think alike...
I sure as hell am. There are way more male engineers and doctors and computer scientists. Are women too dumb for it?
everybody spit on Meg.
Sittin here with :)
Brewing a chocolate oatmeal stout but mixing it up w/ Edinburgh Scottish ale yeast.
thanks for the mention
i changed my number !
Be to her virtues very kind, be to her faults a little blind. ~ Matthew Prior
seriously trust 's LA driving skills over anything. he's the world's best driver and comes with his own GPS (his brain)
Hitting the caf this morning.
I get my comedy from Fox news and and my news from Comedy Central
RT : Only 2 teams west of the Mississippi, Kansas and Baylor, in Sweet 16. All 16 from Eastern and Central time zones.
It's strange. They are clapping without smiling. Must be an NRA cultural thing.
Watching #DanceMoms I love this show!
What if I want the tots?
hi harry can you please say hi to me or a RT somthing :( please I love you<3 ;)
“: Not feeling very Country Strong today :(”
My new favorite thing in the world is Kerrie's veggie club. So happy!
Thanks ! I was losing hope with my Kerry Blue terrier, but I applied what you said in Cesar's Way and we had a great weekend.
My mentions are as dead as a slug. Going to drink pink champagne with Ari, kbye.
< March Madness for travellers personified!
To those who can dream there is no such place as faraway. -Unknown Author
": It's a beautiful day where I am. I couldn't ask for more. The Present"
right after!
infared camera, GPS, stakeout = ok for law enforcement purposes if the person not disrupted =qualitatively the same
I never make stupid mistakes. Only very, very clever ones. -- The Doctor, Timewyrm: Genesys, author, John Peel
Ok Packers....My winter sanity is riding on your shoulders. Make it happen.
you was I think it's because my thug ass was there cheering for u
Congrats on the booking! Can u say for what commercial?
BALLGAME!!! #UNTUCKEM!!! Now, hoping Rickie Weeks' hand is okay. #Brewers!!!
A large amount of people spend a lot of time online and mainly on social media platforms rather than the traditional advertising médiums.
Pizza - Third time this week, second night in a row, and not one bit ashamed.
My dad just said he's gonna fill a water gun with bleach and gasoline and spray in the neighbor's dog's mouth lmfaoooooooo
6 days until vacation. I'll be posting FB pictures to give the illusion I have a life you should envy. Try to play along.
Richard Pryor on comedy central! Wish I was alive during his prime!! So funny
how you doing?
will do((:
got your email. Sorry for delay. Looking forward to seeing you and your husband at Envogue :)
“: I just inherited an embarrassment of purple riches. I'm in purple all summer. #bleedat #TCU” ...and winter lol
i like the cover of youre so vain
did I tell you I learned a new American dessert called "Ant on a log"? it's so healthy and delicious!
At the park with my cousins !! There hilarious!
it was fun talking ball sacs with you today.
that's such a tumblr picture ! No soy boba nina
Great Game
of course i didn;t cuz its not true(:
Yea. I hope you do. /you need a way to get away from things.
I'm just now seeing this! What's up?
Bonfire smoke always follows me. What a creep.
Brand new homes coming soon! Great locations - NE and SE Portland, North Portland, Beaverton and Tigard. www.everetthomesnw.com
so sad for us..but anyone whoever passed over and came back said it was so beautiful/peaceful that they didnt want 2 come back
for as long as I want?
You never posted my grad photo, and I was sexy back then
watching a movie on netflix with my fam
Beyond tired.
Love just throwing up bricks
The infection “developed out in the market faster than it did in our testing,” but Graham declined to say if CW had found where it occurred.
Great day of shooting!
That's BS! But doesn't matter - U R fun anywhere! Can't wait to see you in LV! Coming soon! Putting in my golf bag!
Why I'm I addicted to Miami nights !!! Fml or bless it ! Depends how you look at it
Love that if I close #chrome and come back, I can re-open all my previous tabs in 2 clicks! Great when downloading new stuff.
I just watched his episode of "who do you think you are" (uk) and was amazed by his accent (and his bawdiness!).
Pineda out for the year, maybe longer.
Ah nice! Never met, but their "Posterwall" is in a show we're doing in the fall; should be awesome
Ouch. Well give it to GB to take some risks.
Josh has a great idea - he's going to build us a website to host our material i.e. blogs, podcasts, picks, etc
other than #TheVoice what is one MUST watch TV program for you?
Could they throw in some young blood into this presser? Between Fred, Bloomberg and Selig. Z.
I will chief I will
thanks for all the RTs and support!!!
oh snap! well get your korean on!
Thanks a ton! feel free to share it on twitter and facebook =)
lol well @ least ther was 1 ther. Its not a zoo w/ a lion 8)
We're looking forward to it! “: We'll be stopping out at next week”
Saying im going to regret my modifications is like saying im going to regret being PROUD of who I am.
Artists are just people who make art. We don't have magical powers! (At least, no more than anyone else who spends their life learning.)
There are a lot of gleeks on Twitter :S
....If they care enough to bother with what I do, then I'm already better than them. - Marilyn Monroe
brother follow back
when more people follow eggs than me<
Congrats!! #UC2016 : Yaay Me!! Got accepted into The University of Cincinnati's Education Program.
RT : Pity the teen who worries he hasn't sinned enough when called on for his testimony. Why do churches do that?
« I know A few of y'all be soo fake towards me but it's w.e *shrugs*»
LETS GO: 25 Squats, 25 Crunches. The only six pack you'll ever need!
Just watched 's YouTube vedios xD Cinnamon challenge
let me guess. Its an off day?
At least you're off the sauce. :-)
i was on huntingdons home page. defo job possibilites for me too. :)
What To Do Today ?..
Start your weekend off right & come by the Farm tomorrow to pick up our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry! Have a great night Farmers!
when did I tell u to remind me? Lol I edited it the following day. It's on wife Mac since I don't have ps anymore :-(
lmao, oops! My bad!
No one is free while others are missing freethrows.
Hey, kids who are excited about the new Dallas, guess what? I know who shot J.R.
Bother all of the Wesen!
Stupid driving tests.
we lookin pretty good, we gotta alot of newcomers but we should be good
RT : A5) Best tip: Treat people as people, not prospects. Show interest. Share. Help. Care.
Chilling with my cousins<3
Whats better than walking into the bathroom at ur place of business in the morning, turquoise blue water and the seat up?
Do not go to someone's house after they been cooking all day talking about "The turkey is a bit dry"
Not yet!
praising the lord
"Oh by the way Matt, Happy Birthday... 6/3/92."
Apology in advance to all of those poor beings who have to cross my path today.
Terrific experience again on Final Four game production team. Fortunate to work w/ great NCAA staff. Big things coming for 75th in ATL.
I don't feel bad for alex...jkjk but I'm roberts girl all the way..srry alex
LOVING the skin care lines at the body shop! And they are on sale right now: buy 2 get 1 free, or buy 3 get 2 free on anything in the store!
well if your not alive then there's no point in having money... There's easier ways such as idk a job? lol
I'm always open for lunch!
15575 after 3 levels. Kid on my direct left keeps 3betting my opens at like 50/100
Also, this whole church heard our stomachs growl. Would like tacos and a beer after this.
2012 hip hop rookie of the year
No matter how many times i say that i dont care, the reality is i really do care. -DARAMAMOTEH :))
That's exceptionally vague and also worrisome. Are you okay? :/
Cool! I'll be there!
Waiting for my Realtor @ Aria after busting #wpbt then drive back to Irvine tonight.
Everything is never as it seems.
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I hate treadmills. What's your excuse?
usability win?
I was never with that "YOLO" movement...
My energy today isn't so great.
I deserve to smile.
yes :) hea adorable
#swerve onto my followers list
You?You?You?You?You?You?You?You? And You? Go Follow RTRT
Wat to say about 's new song: i thought it was good : l
WE appreciate the follow 3 AM! Looking forward to more music from you guys. WE followed back.
a great way for to literally be in the middle of the conversations
Somewhere, Wilt is smiling RT : Philadelphia will be an NBA town for the next week?
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 23
You can plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather
Good. Thanks!
I'm really excited to see it!
Dodger game!
RT : Please give a follow to one of the NHL's top rookies! RT: New to twitter, Gabriel Landeskog
okay then have fun! you in? “: Nope. That's Deej's HS reunion.”
so delicious. Bet you wait for an hour before you get a table though.
I admire people who wear their hearts on their sleeves. At least u know what ur dealing with from the start. Life`s too short to pretend
#JRSmith... You next!!
awww thank you and welcome
as students take their midterm their hands are all cramping up, how often do they actually write anymore? I know I don't!
how do u changee your pic on here?
": It's official, the adoption has been finalized. She's even cuter in person. "Congrats!!! The resemblance is uncanny!
Uh oh, there's video of the debauchery?! That's trouble!
No but we both should. Tired of Richard Blade's same 10 stories...
you are very welcome! Happy Travels :)
Perhaps I should not email out of my own hurt. Lessons learned. Maybe.
Classes take place at the Arlington cultural center in Arlington, va
this going be so cool im having my birthday party same day as my 4yearold nicie
I've skated with and miller fun time clowin ready for the show tomorrow night
Hey do you know where LAWREN is....
Miami is gonna have a hard time stopping Indiana right now. This is crazy.
Our correspondence with his girlfriend looks more like mad ravings of the two)))
People like to say, "I swear to God!" God just says, I swear to Me....(Isaiah 45:23)..Pretty darn cool..
Gonna think positive from now on
Nothing like spreading holiday cheer and Happy Birthday greetings to ....follow this man on your twitter machine.
Ah Wat the hell. U only live once. I'm in lol
Yes. She's healing normally, and will start chemo in a few weeks I think. Hope it's not too hard on her.
Commission is back in session and is giving direction to line drawers.
thank you! :)
practice safe love making techniques
Osteria is open today for downtown dining. Mention this tweet and get a free drink with the special menu. Some restrictions may apply
A joke is only funny when you are the only one who gets it
Moving fast and building/tweaking/fixing as we go...this is the internet, not NASA
I just have to trim it down because it's 2hrs and 17mins
I'm ready for today. Hopefully my voice isn't being dumb.
sounds good. will get in touch w some other people. I think this has potential for next year
he couldn't do that
GOOD IDEA I LOVE GH ALSO NOTHING ELSE I ABC I WONT WATCH IF IT WAS
Late to respond, but yeah, I'm going to the archives crawl today. So nerdy!
some dude is naming his daughter breeze beretta hahaha
not funny.
My Jouralism room is dimly lite... Do they really want me to fall asleep..
My cock doesn't talk politics. ~Stephal Sachs.
Wisconsin Sports Award will take place May 10th at the Wisconsin Club in Milwaukee.
beer = drunk
Concert Sunday, August 7, 3:00 PM One of my favorite artists!
Very true.
Friday $2.50 Bud Light pints !!!!!! (B)ecause (U) (D)eserve (W)hat (E)very (I)ndividual (S)hould(E)njoy (R)egularly B.U.D.W.E.I.S.E.R.
will tell you what you are to do.” 5She replied, “I will do everything you tell me.” 6She went down to the threshing floor and
Up all night washing
Everyone says be the bigger person, I try but I'm only fun sized :D
It'd be nice to be on a normal persons sleep cycle
Dexter day! Ha
#Godblessyou and for starting this #PrayforEthan trend and I thank you for bringing this to my attention! :)
Join me on black Friday for a calendar signing to benefit Go Red For Women this Fri @ 8:45AM, Town Square Borders bookstore!!!
anyone still need some garth tickets? i know someone that needs to get rid of some. hit me up.
“ #Libra's are the best gift getters because they are the best shoppers.”
Yeah it's official "Okgo" is now my favorite band.
is a great person!
It's amusing to see how much money the GOP billionaires are flushing down the toilet trying to get one of these clowns elected.
Great church service! I'm so proud of and myself(: I love you bro.
Oh! Just my luck. Well have fun!
Exactly! Writers have such power! RT : "A good book is an event in my life."―Stendhal
Too bad people do these things for money without thinking about the consequences, especially for youth.
OH at dinner: "Don't be sorry; I'm gonna eat your food." Ha!
there are a few slogans that transcend the form's limitations - for example, "Just Do It" has story value
I'm tweeting you....
That's nothing new.....
Was chatting w my 2 year old, helping her name people who love he... she piped in I guess I forgot her in the list.
Good to hear you're still trying to get better as an actor, even though I think you're already great. What class do you recommend?
Ok, schedule for SXSWi completed..hope i can survive on my first #SXSW!
Are you living? Or are you just existing?
It might not be an overstatement that our old #Marlins buddy Cody Ross saved Bobby V's job tonight. For now.
agreed, great day. and yes, you need to get that username back from the npr community comments or whatever. its just not right
PHILL SAYS "color catchers are like a tampon for your clothes"
I see you hahaha... jay-z today huh??
Every reduction in oil dependence saves $$$ AND lives
I'm going to be a real live massage therapist. Thank God!
you should put up a pic of your drawing from the interview :)
you got money and you know it;)
I feel anxious, maybe gym time? Nah
Thank Yall back at Yah MooN
Texas Instruments Inc. - Shareholder/Analyst Call
It looks like this is really happening
Well, had Romney gone to Vietnam instead of France, I could see him meeting the same end that Niedermeyer did.
You can control how much you submit online. You can control HOW CONSISTENTLY you write letters or postcards. Don't worry about results.
Tokyo design seems to be just replicas of the past and or stolen ideas from others nations. WTF?
“: I have tickets to next Sat nite who wants them? Be ready, trivia in next hour. #actiontrack” Dang, I missed this!
No motivation
Honestly I don't kno.
happy birthday! :) it was my birthday yesterday! :)<3
Our pleasure! (Can't wait to get mine!)
Nobody understands
Get any Specialty 20" Pie and receive 6 garlic knots FREE! Mention this tweet!
Again shout out to DJ for coming through in the clutch! Trust! Last min mishaps but we pulled through.
aw no well see you soon and well have an awesome party upon your return...I'll bring cookies and I'll make sure there edible:)
Oh i thought you wanted them for prom! Oh okay!
why are you so perfect? i love you<3
can i be that girl? <333
Whether it rains or not , today is still gone be a good day !
I could use it.
Am I'm finally becoming a part of #TeamNoSleep ? Lol
Staples is beginning to work on standards for organizing data not worrying about our software/repository brands.
Update: music video "Looking In Your Eyes" nominated for Best Video @ San Diego Indie Fest. Congrats Celeste.
2night grab tix for the game this Sat plus details on how u can grab more #WiredFest2012 tix on 7-mid!
Scrim asap! Hit me up
lets do it!
This time they blogged deterioration in quality
That's amazing, BR. What an impressive attendee list. Thanks for sharing.
Worked through well over 300 emails today. Rinse and repeat tomorrow along with these castings. :)
When half the team gets swimmer's ear you know you've got
And u wonder why JT Yates had success or Hakeem Nicks just to name a few ,I can go back to Edgarrin James
Am editing
Peace out Michigan! It's been an amazing trip! LA bound
Sigh. Looks like fun times!
your inspiring (:
whats funny is that all the teams do that now. Good for them. The Hawks played well tonight.
I just keep getting more and more confused...
Since when did everyone become a photographer???? Is that trending now?
Uh. Bedtime, I suppose
Artest gonna be booed up the ass in OKC.
Fascinating talk w Eleocadio Martinez on impact of restructuring of steel industry in Mexico. w and
our pleasure it was a great read RT : Thanks for the RT! I appreciate the support.
so so so over it
#romney on the offensive, seems offensive, talk about the current issues, hes says the same shit over and over
That's what I said! I think so.
Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships! Not interested,but know someone who is?We'll pay you!www.MOneStudios.co
One of life's simplest pleasures - watching people attempt to parallel park
no follow back
#Suh stomped the pedal too hard, hit a tree, later claimed he was off balance and blamed the tree!
Awesome! Glad u dug RATLINE. Gonna phone mom and be all "yeah, well, Heather likes my movie, dammit."
And suddenly my inbox is filling with all the stuff people *didn't* do for the last month and a half.
"He looks like a lesbian."
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😘
Like everyone on my timeline wishes austin would go somewhere else other then the popular places and i kind of agree with them..
yes! If you guys are ever on campus on a Friday afternoon, Vahalla is the place to be!
- Like your Twitter Name - Thx for the RT
Best jobs for Artistic People:performer, editor/interior design/producer/director/ graphic designer/landscape architect/liberal arts teacher
I think the name should have the word "pig" or other porcine reference in it. Not enough of those yet, right?
Same question for - are your DLF slides available anywhere yet? Thanks!
Hopefully we will get more of a peek in the morning. Just exhausted after driving all day tonight!
Eating popcorn now I guess I'm hungry
Beer drinkers: I am not one of you & know not your ways. Can I just fridge the unused bit of this can w/o it turning nasty? (Cookin' brats.)
": Stop it! Oh man." LOL. it was the hardest I think I've ever laughed honestly hahaha
you are very welcome!
Man feeling a little sick
GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS!
It's well deserved. Also Murray Stenson is kinda brilliant.
Nick Perry? Would they have been better off drafting Ted Perry?!?! What happened to Courtney Upshaw?!?!
Writing has been consuming our lives! So excited for you all to hear what we've been up to!
SUCKS TO SUCK
Why is dwade not being fined? Any foul that leads to a broken nose and a concussion in an all star game seems a bit much.
haha, I think I now see why you were inspired to make CTDV ;D
Surprised gettng more blog comments via Facebook than Twitter these days, ...
Music & Dance Library LP SALE Sat. Oct 17 9am-3pm Sullivant Hall OSU 15th& High. Cash/check only. CDs, books, scores also for sale
I was on the train back from evanston
Check out NOTION3.
Know he can be diva worthy! Ha! “: And Stars aka Truman, Andrea's brother from Slanted!”
Vent your feelings to a journal, not on facebook.
Haven't logged into my Hulu account in awhile... 128 vids in my queue. Lol
I want to start a new movement. It is called OccupyFacebook. Oh, wait. Everyone already has. Nevermind.
The polls are in and 64% of people in NC are backwoods hicks that don't know any better
Start living for you!
Forecast for Sunday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 64 to 69 near...
Can't wait to hear you speak at the #GPPCMA retreat !
so cool, love me some Louis.
Do you live in Chicago?! Will you help trend #MahoneOnB96 and try to get back to Chicago?! :)
Finally all caught up with califonication
TGIF!!! Join us for happy hour at FOX Sports Grill. It starts at 4pm today!
aww no need to be sad 'bout it.
you'd be surprised. I have a very vivid imagination.
My Fair Lady may have closed on #bway today in '62, but do not fret... it will be in #hou on Nov 18 at
All I want to do is crawl back into bed!
Hot guys are overrated.
Great family-friendly idea RT : The TURF: IDADA Art Pavilion is open today 10 am-7 pm. Free and open to public.
I just read and fully understood a french tweet. Why did I not take it at gcse? I'm actually quite good...
Random: I totally love that Solange is a DJ...& a pretty dope one from what I hear. Forget your sis, I digs ya babe & your fashion!
Loved seeing a shocked Madonna. Shocked because they didn't allow her to talk longer.
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause you didn't get your tickets for the #BlacklightPartyOct22 in DALLAS GET YOUR TICKETS WHILE THEY LAST
Thanks 2 for giving me reasons 2 still like #CHH ...
Saw Confluence / JIRA (free for museums), Pivotal Tracker, Asana. Some great tools for different size teams.
Nothing on TV? When in doubt, always go with a mental disorder show. Hoarders it is!
RT *Q5.* We love shopping events where you can shop many designers! Which shopping event is a "can't-miss"?
Thanks! Still thinking through what this means now. Katrina I really liked your thinking - individualization is our future.
Practice Practice Practice.... The only way to get better at what you do!!!
ah! Olivia is so beautiful! This brought tears to my eyes! Congrats a million times over
": #Aries is low on individuality and creativity but high on power and achievement." Disagree, all I do is write.
Return thanks! :) Hope it's an awesome Friday and the weekend is even better!
you're awesome! thank you. possible film option soon...exciting to watch this book from my heart grow. happy wkend!
You may feel 2005 but your bike looks 2015. That's what counts.
:) I wish that I could just take all the wellers & set em down here in LA to enjoy a live show from them. :(
Thanks RT:: The Annual Cherry Blossom Parade pays tribute to the 100th anniversary of the festival on News4
OMG! I thought you were brilliant and amazing before now I am in awe. This is wonderful!
I wouldn't want to acquire his contract. RT : Josh Beckett needs to get traded. Sorry
Did my 1st shape up & cut on my bf ..& Might I say I did a good job
Go to Paradigmgardens.com for any and all of your gardening needs. We have a great selections of lights
How long will it be up? I'll be there next weekend...
I spent 2 hours and 25 minutes Bicycling. 1,346 calories burned.
Get up Creg
Is your website down, or is it just me? ;)
Improve Communications and Managing Conflict with the Front Office Academy’s 2-days worth of excellent sessions for your Front Office Team!
i had to pay to get back in Ning but I am happy I can buid this place nowisw kind of bare still
work work work.. and social life, of course!
#Skyrim kicks my ass. I wonder if I made a mistake by being a Dual wielding magic caster. =/
And the game is underway! Let's go Wild Things!
d'oh! Won't be able to make it to Epcot anytime soon. Thanks for the heads up!
city lights + full moon = no northern lights
im getting excited :D
My phone is dead. Im fucked. >.>
how could I?!? Haha thanks to Josh;P
what time does the box office close ???
"Focus on your potential instead of your limitations" -Alan Loy McGinnis
Finally got my iPad!!
yea same! And it's a bigger school and u have to find ur classes w/o being late, work harder etc. but I heard there's more(c)
what a cute couple they will have cute babies ;))))
Lol.. They're that good, they might. Just feel LA has a better chance to win. Can't tell me you won't be stoked if LA beats OKC?
Unexcited about what I had planned for lunch. Not sure if i should just suck it up or improvise.
nice! Imma check it out.
Big-ass guts, bad attitude, mad problems, these wack-ass females today.
Currently listening to: Pimpadelic - Drink!Drugs!Sex! on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 19
lol..love u Joy!
Well , Goodnight Twitter <3
- amazing the difference a slight tweak of the eyebrows can make!
Designing the mobile experience first is an excellent way to convince people to keep things simple.
Thanks Armond. Glad you're ok!
oh English people and their psychoactive drugs and mass copulation!
Sunday funday without me?! :(
it's me david :)wishing U the Best :)! stay positive! & know (we) your friends&fans are with U :)! draw strength from us :)!
#OWIF: There are two figures standing there, watching us. They're wearing robes and breathing softly.
First time out in the Sonoran Desert since back from St. Louis. How I missed it.
Saying bye to someone… then staying online for another 2 hours.
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow my two kids come first. I love being a mom!
im back (:
Do you like ? Are you her fan?
Hi Renee, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Ladies and Gentlemen, your 2012-13 Cavs starting back-court: Kyrie Irving and
All Romney has to do to get past the "stiff" thing is say to his next heckler "to quote 'funk you very much!"
Good luck at #NCVF2012 #NCVFNationals2012. Looking forward to the updates!
Happy Thanksgiving
Watching "Newsies" at home today before we see it Playhouse tomorrow.
There is much to look forward to, I can't wait for Mickey's Not-So-Scary! Anyone have some Costume suggestions?
Had a major revelation tonight did u know Guinness is spelled the same pluralized, just like goat and sheep?
Me and m bro got VIP to teen hoot
I'll let you know when he gets back to me.
only 7 more days until #Australia for you!!! :)
I LOVE YOU FOR YOU.. NEVER CHANGE FOR SOMEONE IS WHAT IM ALWAYS TOLD.. ITS TRUE
Ahmed: There are differences between cultures and Islam just like a Christmas tree is not a religious symbol
I am from milwaukee and from ur picture you look like I have seen u before
good morning! Supposed to be a foot of fresh white stuff on the driveway, but it didn't happen...but it's plenty cold again...almost zero
I'm the most antisocial person in this class like i don't even exist
Everyone is getting twitter now
Distraction is the ultimate means of deluding the masses. Now that we're awake and tuned in, let's do something about it..
park plaza?
I wanna run over a referee on "accident" lmao
Re-watching season 1 of Game of Thrones
Hello, K.L.! Thanks for the follow-back!
you're the best! I wish more women would pose in pin up style. I'd love to have had pin ups during my tour in Iraq.
don't thank me, jim. thank hitler.
Advice from gtown consent form templates: "PROOF READ your final ICF before submitting it.... yes, grammar and formatting are important."
Congrats on the deal, great add for
Happy is as happy does...Happy Happy Friday!
"The Sun avoids harmful fossil fuel pollutants also, such as mercury, sulfur dioxide, and nitrogen oxides."
RT RT @ RT For Prop 8 Day-of-Decision rally info near you, text RALLY & your zip code to 27336.
Music at Mumbai: Mike Daniels Trio feat Roger Gagnon, Ron Moore 4/14
I find it fascinating that a lot of folks organize their holidays with greater care than they do their lives.
Sounds tasty!
She might want to get in. Remember the Jello incident
Mom: are u drunk? Her Friend: fuck yes. Other Friend: off kool-aid? Me: ah, HAPPY MOTHERS DAY.
He's back in the area, folks. RT : The Nats signed lefty reliever Mike Gonzalez to a minor league deal.
I went out to the mall without shoes on and I can't feel them now. Which is good.
I'll b tweeting a lot from now on.I have been working hard & just going through some personal things in my life.Things I want 2 b personal.
Believe me, everyone around VU is dying to know whether these kids enjoyed themselves. But we do things by the book.
Q4: personal info and our whereabouts
"you dont want his fat rolls?" "nah bruh, i like 1 or 2 rolls" "not 17?" "damn bruh you got 17 rolls?" "shit if i know i aint count em all"
Seriously Google? Nothing for #111111?
Get a Twitter then I'll talk to you.
Crying in my bed because of graduation. WHAT IS GOING ON
Broken down house...and a dog named Rowdy.
well i bes all done school as of 12:45
I hope the little guy is alright!
Now that it has been confirmed that Hamas fired on the Israelis - resulting in the bombing of the Gaza School - don't you feel
Is today Sine Die? Hadn't noticed.
RT : Have you ever been so wet you could fuel a slip n' slide?|| have you not?
#Withey checks Jones
no. I was gonna get it but i didnt.
I landed on my ass bone lmfao:D
All i can say is God is making positive things happen for me!!!
yes! The sun may be closed but we're open today!
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I will be backing for NYC!!!
Let's finish my presentation by tonight!
@ #smw12 #smwnyc learning about Social Media, Sports and Gaming from the Experts.
something's missing.
Avoid icy situations this #holiday season! Make sure to put salt on your sidewalks and steps as the ice comes this
I got a lot of problems right now, but I'm still thanking God for the blessings
It's midnight and I'm at a rodeo, lol. Not bad or my first 2 step dance with my ol lady.
hey text me
Sent a photographer to Rangers Ballpark yesterday to capture the excitement of MLB Playoff action. Stay tuned for pictures early next week!
Well, nice to see Brian Matusz actually pitched well tonight.
#WhileInARelationship NEVER go to bed mad.
One of my favorite core principles of the open web: pay it forward. Share what you know in blog post, etc.
the next Chicken Announcement at Midnight!!!
Fireworks, CHECK. Chili, CHECK. Antacids, CHECK.
We agree completely!
You can't stop ignorance but you can ignore it!!!!
I didn't know you can be mailed check with all zeros on it
RT Today is National Poetry Day in the UK. suggests 10 poems to read ht.ly/6PNOv
I've had enough of my naval gazing about #Syria.I've finally written a blog post about it.It's a deviation from my norm, but needed 2 vent.
Merry XMAS!
THAT IS A LOT OF TESTS OMG I just have 2 AP tests.
Look forward to it every year! RT : RT us if you've ever been to the Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta!!
We�re all superheroes with the power to be playful, fluid, flowing and evoke the God/Goddess within us
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Thought The Celebs Were Gonna Talk To You...
good I'm worn out !!
Just not cool enough to own a rolling back pack.
Why couldn't sleeping in be a birthday gift today? Oh well, I'll watch Michele Bachmann on Meet the Press and have some coffee.
Feel better Erica...I just had some yummy chicken soup. Maybe that'll help ;)
Tank tops for the 500 have been ordered! They are unizex sizes. That's the only way we could get the Neon yellow. XS through XL
I'm sure we will have you for #StPatricksDay !
Yeah I'm so happy to be done. & thank you :)
one of my co-workers showed it to me yesterday and I about went into labor laughing to so hard.
Floyd def a key part of this offense
You are a person of honor.
- thanks for the support!
I gave El Camino on vinyl for Xmas, and he gave it back when he bought the deluxe edition. See, it pays to be selfless.
Lambast away. But surely making judgements @ whole groups and classes of humans is what you object to?
Off to work a place where our children can dream through the arts. I love my job. #FF and support #Harlem businesses
In a 4-hr Social Media training with Sandi Krakowski to better serve you :)
2. Everyone should keep an eye out for boogers on her face. She wants to remain booger-free and needs YOUR HELP.
Thanks & I'm going to see Final Destination 5! I said I wasn't going to see it but my friend talked me into it! lol :)
Did you take that from his eHarmony page or what?
A Sugarland concert commercial just aired. Will they cancel the rest of their tour after tonight? hm ...
To Kill A Mockingbird was well - done. Of Mice and Men also
I want to be with you!!
Finally back in my own bed! :)
How does your #highered campus assess #online teaching and learning? How does your campus administer student evaluations? Please RT.
Hope you're OK for Wednesday... :)
I love all my followers
Me, too! But I'm glad we had Internet for the majority of the week. At least I could keep up with FB and Twitter!
Oh, I don't know about that. It is a pretty good view from up there.
... my brother is looking for two ... once will get us halfway there!
Aye bro yo uncle got any of the Beats wit the red wires?
No doubt boss.. we gotta collab on a track
Both “ n looked tres fantastique for the OScars last night!
We poll periodically -- and get lots of feedback. Where do you want to go?
Gonna go see my LL
lol! + can only hope!+
lmao i'm not even worried for tomorrow, algebra is my best subject & I know I will get an A haha awesome(:
ask and you shall receive... Shortly. Very soon!!!
yeah, crazy. It was a recent find, I believe. A friend of his asked him about it... [cont]
I'm ready to move on.
Had a good day today! Woo hoo for me!
Did your account get hacked? Got a weird DM from you earlier today.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man given. Be grateful. Conceit is self given. Be careful. (P. Sergio)
Finally reached 600 followers! thanks guys, tweet me if you ever want a follow back
dang it! #needmorepoints!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Being a spokesperson is a responsibility to your own brand and your clients' to represent both well.
One of my favorite parts of the #NFLDraft, the music tie-in after the picks. Recall KISS' 'Detroit Rock City' to greet Stafford.
It's all about #GCB y'all!
- Me too! Muah!
sorry, I missed your tweet and did not play Ernie's song, I owe you ! Although I am playing it 2night, but in Detroit
Thanks for raising awareness RT: chat with Food Allergy Health Activists on Monday @ noon EST & a tweetchat:
Welcome to the #Rockies family ! Excited to see you pitch in Denver.
you have the best parents. Ever! Tell them #BoomBoomHey for me
good luck my man. And in regards to your tweet yesterday, I will be. You going to this forum today by any chance?
Josh should know that Jayde is a biotch and you can it see it in her attitude
Going to the dr tomorrow here's to hoping it's just a mild case of the blahs. Prob not. :(
Yep... they just need to get me the cds in hand.. every 2 weeks we have events giving out FREE PROMO from different artists...
giving away a free book at tonight's meeting thanks to
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination - Mandela
7:45 and I'm ready for bed!
getting there isn't the problem... WINNING is! Without Bosh, don't know if they can (especially if they draw the Spurs).
i am totaly dying 2 find out...she is so lucky though!!!!!!!!!
goodnight bruh ,love the avi ...out
The Denver show is coming soon! Check out some of our exhibitors while you are there.
Shooting the video for "The Planking Song" Tomorrow in Florida.....
Watching Fear; man oh man is Marky Mark a creepo!!!
your avi and someone else avi I was bout to play with look alike from afar
Tell us how we're doing...take a survey. Go to secointernational.com and click on the take a survey button.
RT Irritating & off-putting when cable newsers ask viewers to vote on which of 3 features they want to see.
Of course, you are most likely past that point by now.
we definitely should do something before the end of 2011
thank you booboo:)
follow me, i love you
Those were good times running up & down the hall between out offices trying to catch every game we could.
The 76ers have beat out the Bulls!!!
Brian Roberts looks like he is on another planet.
Headed to Savannah's last Lacrosse game of her 10th grade year. Tear.
Tomorrow is Stamp Out Hunger! Do you have your bags filled?
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"
happy to help. Glad some played along.
had a hayday, leaving the bay tonight, catching next flight-thers a lot in sight and going to LA for the day.
pour me two fingers.
I'm so jealous, cuute.
it when you use the # sign
woohooo, Friday...finally. everyone was waiting for u spread the love.
I hope I'm not the only one watching
Thank you for donating FREE GROCERIES to all of the senior citizens attending Just The Ticket on 6/8 !
you're an idiot.
Time for just dance 3 yes !!!
I was just watching your new recent episode well it's not new but it was a couple of nights ago lol please follow me :D
The issue I was having in my last tweet must have been a special character. Note to self: DON'T COPY AND PASTE FROM WIKIPEDIA! ...erg
How to set up your free Find my iPhone account November 22nd, 2010
love New Mexico. Love the food, the people, the weather, the mountains, the air, the....... name it, I love NM
Congrats on your new post!
Big shout-out to UMD S.T.E.P.P. for killing it as usual!! Thanks for coming!
never end a sentence in a proposition. preposition? whatever, I'm from Nevada.
whatever you'd like....
Pretty good. How about you?
whaat? YOU are amazing! (:
“: You and I have as many MLB home runs this spring as Albert Pujols.”
why don't you try doing your yardsale virtually with #EggDrop? It's a lot easier than setting one up in your yard. Good luck!
Hey Nick - when might 15 Minutes, The Works and No Frills be on iTunes? Dying to hear them but no way to get to them?
Place your collection of book titles on a dedicated Web-e-Books carousel bookshelf. 500,000 Android & Apple devices sold globally everyday.
Thank you kindly for the follow !
How to nurture commitment to CORE principles, independent of capacity to fund? There's an anti-gay = anti-happy undercurrent :(
i followed =D
You go to #NAMM? That's so crazy! My dad works for #Yamaha so I'm there every year...so cool!
Lets all reduced to be programmed + Artist and walking around with Windows and send email messages. YES!!
I have been hacked. Sorry.
Good morning! Today is ‘Abdu’l-Bahá’s last day at Lake Mohonk.
but you forgot your BOSS #2 .. Lol (player fucking two Ctfu) thought about tht video
Headed To The Civic Center. We On In 15.
Show starts at 5:30 today. Come out and hang! We also have tickets if anyone needs some. Bring all y'all friends :D
Curious she chose that word+seems to say it has no power. Ynot another word? : Michigan woman paints N-word on her home
I'm only subscribed to 2 people's twitter comments to my cell. More often than not, they post within a couple mins of one another.
Received a book to quote on by UPS. 8-5/8 x 11-1/2 hardcover with 512 pages circa 1968 & I strained my delicate wrist picking it up. Huge.
I'm Good, I'm Gucci.
I was thinking the same thing Maria,,,,we miss you Frank!!!
Have you followed my personal Twitter?
Amen brother! Loved it!
whoops I just realized whaat you said . . and why ?
Beyond disrespectful.. I never noticed it.
YES, I love that.
Very nice set up. Stoemper!
hanging with my fleshies this weekend should have been in florida ...sucks
is the man. You should probably follow him.
What is your favorite thing thing to do outside during Springtime?
So much snow, so I made a snowoman.
I have been uber supportive since the Pens have been getting reemed, but even I am dismayed about tonight. Down 3 good players. 18, 45 & 7.
nice job on the webinar today. Good stuff! Thanks for sharing!
For the next 2 hours swing by Lime Cantina and get the deal shown here: 2-for-1 Monday Madness
wut??who said he had a girlfriend?😳
