Tuesday Special: Regular Beef or Polish, topped with carmalized onions, only $2.50! Also try fresh baked chocolate chip pumpkin cookies!
Pokadotted and Young Nick Cannon
I'm tired of hearing about the MexArmyDrugCartel who keep crossing our borders. Time 4 Texans 2 remind them about
is a douche
I Wish He Stop Calling Me 😒👎
I'm never gonna let this down just so you know lmao
Oprah hasn't been "hot" since '84. Jane was hot in the '70s.
I will NEVER buy dairy products from California.
“: Camo gear (hat, shirt, bat, compression gear, bgs) to prepare for battle on the field. #baseballswag”
Completed jobs going through. Things are looking up.
Saying goodbye to the familiar. Hello to change.
Will our children look back on 2008 as a test of capitalism?
Singing with karoline and joshua!
Justin Nozuka… still awesome…
I bought this book last week! It's absolutely perfect. On the nose Sameer!
Chilly in the city tonight
Just wanted to say "hello"...r u still in Chicago? Blessings!
Working remotely & enjoying Led Zep #Pandora while working on reports about blogging, academic quality & MALS marketing. Happy Thanksgiving!
are you getting a new one?
Get well soon!
That's wild! RT : a fun part of defense was when my advisor brought up 's SEM paper from LA in 2010.
Kennedy asks whether #SB1070 allows detention "if it takes 2 weeks" to determine imm status.
Stop the torture
My kitty is an ICONiac Too..! :)
yea hot of a guy lol!!!
A-Town
Kirk Bloodsworth, first person to be exonerated from death row through post-conviction DNA testing speaks first at #deathpenalty event
Shout out 2 rg3 I still don't like the redskins tha
Good win Grizz!!
priceless #newplay insight
Now that was scary
hmm... sounds like an interesting combination. As long as the superhero hybrid has my hair...
Love my ear stretchers
Have to say...i have the most amazing followers!!! Thank you all for watching my music videos and all your amazing support!!! You Rock!!!
Today is Valentine's Day. Or, as men like to call it, Extortion day.~ Jay Leno
you are a sweetheart "the only contestant i've seen do ballet justice on miss america was my girl miss d.c. !"
#TeamFollowBack i follow back i promise!!!
#First20SongsOnShuffle 7. They Say You Won't Come Back- Breathe Carolina
RT The hipster who lives above my restaurant is playing " imagine" on his his didgeridoo......
no, calling them violent thugs and pointing out that an $1800 tuition hike is really not that much (as if it were about money)
Lol! Awesome! And I wish I could!!! :)
Great presentation today at the sold out Financial Women's Association Entrepreneurs Luncheon!
Come In & Join Us For Our 1 Year Anniversary TODAY. Great Dinner Specials, Come Celebrate With Us.
my slow dance brings all the girls to the yard
Veggie pizza and hot lime Cheetos :) tasty!
Lift my hands and spin around
Love and basketball, waiting to exhale, thin line between love and hate, dont be a menace to south central while drink yo juice in the hood!
Yes, that would be nervewracking for sure! I think someone wants me to scale down the side of the Hilton Hotel.
#nowplaying In My Life by The Beatles
Enjoy some Baker Babes Bakery sweets with your brunch this Friday at McCormick & Schmick's restaurant at Beachwood Place mall.
Scroll down for an update on this story, including ABC's denial that the tapes are as explosive as claimed by the Daily Mail.
Good to know! People have been saying soy is a thyroid inhibitor too and that Trader Joe's almond milk is good. Trying next!
do you have Austin's Bright Light Social Hour on your radar? Totally should.
This Friday at Outriggers Comedy Room a Evening with Tixs on sale www.whatsfunnylive.com
My girl is seriously the cutest.
glass does break. Sounds like an oh crap moment.
Everyone go follow cause he's a solid dude, ladies get him while you can!!
must. reschedule. our. HH!!!!!
When you wear cold underarmor and then get super hot..
Hey Dumo. How's the globetrotting going?
Thanks for being so nice to me, and for spreading the word!
Looking forward to tonight's #PageantCast --- tune in to hear our ad spot!
Gonna finish tonight by expressing the joy that I feel because is following me! :]] ❤
Do the Indianapolis Colts win a game this year?
The Good Life! Hands down!
so.bored.
OUR DEAR BABY IS IN HOSPITAL WITH RSV PLEASE PRAY FOR HIM THANK U ALL
yessir. I loved how off-beat it was. The guy who does the music for my films is friends with Jack Plotnick
On a conference call with Congressman Ed Markey (D-MA) discussing kids' privacy-- follow the conversation on Twitter:
Look not lol.
Late lunch at Spring-- the Korean restaurant hidden away in GMart in Beav.
Feel That Happy Feeling....
the American Academy for the Advancement of Science (or of Amy and Abigail's dossiers... :p ) Conference in Boston
Modeling tip. The Golden Ratio is ~1.62. Memorize this number and when you need to scale something non-precise use this instead of 1.5
"The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are." Joseph Campbell Happy #Digitalsisterhood Wednesday!!
Check your math? Not #WalkerFailure. His own special jobs #s not yet reviewed by 3rd party Bureau Labor Stats prior to release
I guess I'll watch Avengers on my laptop
We'll shake shake shake the night away...
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. Samuel Johnson
I'm bout 2 handle that
If it says no parking during rush hour then you CAN'T park there
lol thank you :))
If you're gonna click "like" on a photo, be sure to also click "like" for my page!!!! :-) THANK YOU!!!!!!
": #SexThatMake , you grab on to the covers underneath you :D" that's how a man knows he's doing his job lol
Bb boy looks so precious right now 💘
Who would've thought. LA
R.I.P. Uncle Harvey! We love & will miss you very much! I believe that's somethin like 17 relatives in da past 17 years to pass away on me!
NFL football games start at 4:30. The road to the Super Bowl happens at Whiskey Tango!!
while I love WWE , they have to watch some TNA tag team matches to see how it is done ! Beer Money vs machine guns last night ruled !!!
So cute! ASOS had an awesome poodle sweater recently too, I should try to find that.
way worse
I am new to it also
I'm not leaving till tomorrow!!<3
Wasn't a great game but it was good enough to get the W. Let's keep it rollin! L.A. All Day!
haa awww thank you.(; hahaa did it feel weird holding hands even tho were friends.?(x
I love being Mr Karrs TA, this class is fun!
": A #Libra is the perfect woman to keep a lasting and steady loving relationship with.
Im on the verge. RT : which is why I quit
Bennett tweets his final 4, we're out but zeroes remain, damnit. on Romar's tombstone: Couldn't Land a Doninant Big Man
I'm always late. Sorry I'm on delay
All finished. Time for sleep.
How do you feel about the #Facebook brand #Timelines?
Writing musicals with all night.
I hate when people ask me shit I already told them the awnser to..
Sublime is my new obsession.
PhD student sleep schedule. I slept from 6AM to 12PM.
Barry and I are running the Disney half marathon at 6 am in the morning. Temperatures below 30 expected and maybe rain. Please wish us luck!
After college, almost everyone seems to overestimate my age. I'm aging in DOG YEARS! My pizza and beer cleanse is not rejuvenating.
Good morning everyone working in NYC today gotta go beat the traffic 126st and Broadway ill be making my own traffic jam
Come to Ute Pass Library today for teen bookclub @ 4.
That was almost Zimmerman-like.
*taking notes*
Patient: Doc help me. Some days I think I'm Mickey Mouse some days Donald Duck Doctor: How long have you had these Disney spells?
Just put up my trampoline! Hurt myself in the process :/ can't wait for summer!!
In all seriousness, it wouldn't surprise me if the official name of this bowl has a hashtag or an @ symbol in it.
yes please. It's a joke and needs to be eliminated.
I can tweet from course
Realize that true happiness lies within you. ~Lucian
Singing both parts of nothing even matters by lauryn hill and d'angelo. It's crazy warm outside
Italy in 2 days. Wow, am I really going on vacation?
RIP Donna Summer. Your legend lives on.
I've done that!
I seen footage of you big homie, killin em on stage.. and ppl screaming! When you comin home?
IM SMOKING LOUD A.K.A THAT BRAIN KILLA.. #A+
so look out for that chick! she was worried about the dress code... I said... wear jeans, the end. lol.
Gabby Gifford is to sit with US house of representatives tonight for the last time before stepping down. Presidential address live now.
i now love ginger ale. when did that happen?
Fair enough. I figure different (thinking Nov dynamic particularly), but no expert.
YAYYYY, I'm included! :D
I'm fairly certain that "What is an Author?" in the Rabinow edition is actually missing many crucial passages.
When it comes to Newt Gingrich, my 1st question is: "Women willingly fucked that guy!?" 2nd question: "Were they concious and/or sober?".
Is their offense really good or is our defense just that bad?
Brains, berries, and t-shirt ordered. Now I just hope the come in time for all events.
Roll up its
gonna lipsync or sing bro??
Nice SHORTS opening
Almost off of work fucking exhausted ready to smoke n take a couple of drinks
The new network primetime line-ups: CBS the best; ABC promising; NBC aggressive but misguided; Fox too quiet; The CW limits itself
“Finished about an hour ago. : Is tonights show taping right now?”
I take back all my irritations with the early warm temps, come back please!
I was always like "What's the big deal with inbox 0?" & then I got a job & started missing meetings & failing to answer important questions.
Hornets announcer "Plenty of great seats available 2012-2013 season tickets! Do not lose any sleep over this!"
he sounds very insecure this is a ballroom gown compared to what the girls wear to the bar I work at. nothing wrong at all
do you want the clean radio edit/dirty version/instrumental/acapella
I officially made it through my work day on no sleep. Quite proud of myself. Now getting ready to crash.
#FridayReads -Love, Terror, and an American Family in Hitler's Berlin, Erik Larsson So far, less cerebral than his usual fare.
No I don't want to go to Chicago. Don't we make TV in Hollywood anymore?
You KNOW it's time to see a dentist. Just do it- promise we'll take great care of you :) We're in Manhattan, call us 212-265-7150
*does not work for men.
Working out ! Oh yeah! 😏
At work bored than a mutha bout to go to work
First thing doctor asked me was if I use Q-Tips, and he said Q-Tips are bad. And that's something I've read before online as well.
Yay for words! And dinosaurs!
Wouldn't miss #tcamp12 session w/esteemed Tom Steinberg on improved #opensource #opengov code sharing, esp. internationally. An inspiration.
nice seeing you at
But yo, OKC losing to LA though. Just thought I let yall know.
#Pitchfork readers poll picked Bon Iver the top album of 2011 as well as the most overrated album of 2011. Well that makes sense...
A Good Friend Calls you in jail A Great Friend Bails you out of jail YOUR BEST FRIEND Sits next to you while saying wasn't that fun?
I JUST ADDED ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS I HOPE EVERYONE HAS A FUN AND SAFE HOLLOWEEN CHECK OUT MY NEW PICS
oh it's going great!!! haha almost done with it. I'm going to be screening it at my school theatre : D how's life going?haha
Dear spammers … go buy a billboard on the highway!!!!
“: Cigarette time. ;)” just incase y'all didn't know. Don is a hoe and won't share his smokes with me.
no im not!! Theres only 4 people have called me pretty other that my mom ._. ):
Confidence is a stain u cant wipe off
sorry. domain name not for sale either. best of luck!
Happy sabbath!
it's all being done in the name of rights. They have the same "rights" as we do, but marriage? Pray for them.
Does this kid have a fucking name or what? Drop the coy bullshit already.
Omg, is coming out with a Minnie Mouse collection?!?! Two of my absolute favorites put together. *cries*
I aint did shit all of a sudden that bitch trippin lol
Retired administrator wants more support to home grow bilingual teachers. Not out of country. Not alt cert teachers.
you're welcome:)
#IfIWasPresident I'd be elected on Friday. Assassinated on Saturday. Buried on Sunday.
Hamilton hits a solo home run to tie the game with #Angels. Josh Hamilon 9 HRs in last 6 games. Beast. #Rangers playing great.
Great stuff! Thanks!!
My new album "Media Relations" by The Long Lost Notes is now on iTunes, CD Baby, Amazon, etc. You can buy all the tracks there and you...
that's a beautiful thing
I just killed a bitch with success.
Anyone want to buy a jeep ?
Proof that women will survive the zombie apocalypse. Women are smarter! #talking dead
Hahahaha Thanks, baby.
Could it be? My day is over? Time to head home! Woohoo!
is napa valley kinda like hunt valley?
Does it involve your awesome dancing?
yay Shannon! Human SEO rocks at presenting.
Boston fans are mad cause people of color kick ass!
#WhenAustin says thank you in his shy voice. (:
Spent the wkend in Vegas! Saw Celine and Cirque's "O" -- absolutely stunning! Maybe I should work in cirque rather than opera?!
Spring break is officially over. :( I guess I'll go start my project. Lots of concerts coming up, we'll keep you posted. Be sure to say hi!
AUSTIN MAHONE SHIRTLESS!! Now that I have ya attention plz follow my twitter friends and I follow u and so will he
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? - Bob
just use it to influence your creative juices!
hallo andrea I'm still awake, we can write who you follow me
Girl comes into class with 5 mins left and tells her friend she got hit by a bus. Then her friend starts cracking up. Why come to class?
If MLB cheering were based on songs though, , everyone in the world would be a Marlins fan.
I mention like not lie
thanks for the shout out!
2010 #Badgers commits Vince Biegel, Reggie Mitchell, Jake Rademacher and Walker Williams are at the spring game
Tits. I'm such an awful person for doing that 😔🔫
Giants are my second favorite team, that would be a fun game!
Strong showing by Clippers in tough arena. Impressed. And a tad surprised.
Take me somewhere nice.
My company issued 2007 Lenovo T61 has finally cracked from the pressure of a 4-day folder sync. Spinning for 2 hours.
Dumb men hustle for hoes, young men hustle for clothes, BRAVE men hustle for goals.
Tomorrow is 11/11/11 ... and at 11:11am, we extend a warm, if intoxicated, welcome to Carnival season in Germany.
August is here and we've got some HOT deals just for you! We'll be announcing them tomorrow. Check back & be the first to know!!!
Having lunch with 3 cute women
YOU are my HERO today for the RT 25,000,000 children suffer, have no voice in the world & go unaided. Thank you!
anytime boo😘
ME!! I am hell yeah
To blonde or not to blonde, that is the question.
zombies of the night.
Found a number in the back of my shirt tonight..I didn't feel anyone touch me.. eek not sure if its creepy or just funny definite first
Panther Securities - Final Results
Get directions from Japan to China on Google Maps and check out
All that counts right?!? lol
A2: Not a huge fan of uploading video on the go due to the many complications that occur, plus we like to edit a little.
Thanks for The Love. It Was A Good Read. Follow Me _IB
Yeah buddy #paulydpregame :D lets do this Jersey Shore Style!!!
no idea but gotta do something sick..any ideas? & his lady are both supporters so let's all get at it
Hey, homie. Did you survive NYC? Happy hour this week?
will she lead efforts to make birth to 5 programs eligible for permanent fund $
when the part in your head looks like you had brain surgery, then you doing too much
Someone text me
Okay. It only makes sense, seeing as our relationship is entirely sustained through social networking.
oh crap! Yes! I'll do it now :) x
:) I am pretty sure there is a #fittuesday and if there isn't, it starts today!
Honda’s awesome interactive ad, by the guys that made Old Spice viral
aw thanks =]
It's cold in Hawaii. I'm gonna die in Alaska
what normal person has to get up this early? oh yeah, no one cause all the other counties start school a hour later then us.
I know I'm late on this...but how did I not know that has a #ReadingRainbow app in the works? My childhood meets 2012
Thanks - same back at ya!
I wanna go home! Im so tired
Is it me or does twitter act bootleg at times??
yep, almost every year
u have probs u know
EVERYBODY I JUST MADE DA PAGE FOR THE TEAM GO FOLLOW & we'll follow back
nevermind just getting it on the green. But within 8 feet of the cup?
David is serving up his special SOUR CHERRY MARGARITAS for only $3 this weekend. Just say you saw it online and get in on his amazing deal!
Work and packing up the apartment...it's nasty out so at least I'm doing something that keeps me inside!
So tired of guys ! There all the same!<|3
Yea, wow... I'm surprised by this. We need to set the pace in San Francisco for the rest of the country
so inception's kind of a rip off of paprika...
I think you should take route 3.
The rise of the waterproof nano is upon us...
Cuz wen the lights go off, that's wen ppl like me stand up, and make ppl like yu break.
Tigers need to find another closer Papa Grande has lost his mojo
A busy night at SBN as aero-refugees file in to wait out storm.
how come u can't do ustream on Friday and Sunday???
Today was such a hectic day w/ client & class presos. I would say TGIF, but this weekend kicks recruitment into full gear!
Congrats to and everyone at Double Fine for reaching 1m donations! just make sure Psychonauts 2 happens after this!
is redesigning my office/studio space. Planning to move locations over the next few weeks.
There's a twentysomething dude in this bar who's dressed exactly like Bear Bryant.
Make sure you have a welcome Mat on board fa me...! lol
Thanks for the shout out, I appreciate your support and kind words of encouragement. Cheers & Continued Success. See you soon.
What my dad just said to my family: "well everyone, I have to go poop!"
Follow these fine folks
Super Mario's fame appeared in the 1981 Donkey Kong. His original name was Jumpman it was changed to Mario to honor Mario Segali
S/O to << thanks for the follow
that's why Cameron went down in that sub. ECU Jack reaction. Sinking
cold and snowy here in #Rochester! make it a great day!
I feel disjointed this week. I blame the lack of coffee and excess of reading.
I hate when people think others are talking bout them. They need to know facts before they say shit
Hi John! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Thanks!
why do I even bother
A5) Adults fear death b/c they're concerned of a life unfulfilled. Children don't even consider dying b/c they're busy living.
anyway to know which drinking pub songs the ONCE cast plays before the start of the show? You guys rocked!
I love you!
Great time on Gilded Lilys this week!!!
oh yes! Just came out this week.
Off to New Hampshire and Vermont for the day with a couple of old friends.
Come for #dinner- located in lobby of the - RT : Dover Sole on special tonight! One of my very favorites....
Played the board game called "Game of things" lastnight with my besties! We were some crazy girls.......haha
well and you? (:
I guess Ol' Gutierrez didn't have the molasses for a mayoral race. Do YOU have the molasses, Rahm? Do you?
back at ya. Big hugs.
Yes. Versus having to limit the way in which a thing can be created, I prefer starting from scratch. I'm full on TV dinners.
follow my othe act i'll follow back(: >
I hate when websites ask, "Are you human?" ....no, I'm a alien.
Ching Ching ": Ting Tings"
Looking forward to it!
Heading back to Indy from Winamac. Too many miles to think :/
Everyone please follow , a new charity to help disabled pay for med equip not covered by insurance.
I don't take disrespect lightly
Hard to move on when you always regret one..
74. Sunny. 0% chance of rain. Yes, please. Bring on tomorrow.
Whoa! Juliet Simms!
if you don't think I'm putting this on my brand new blog they gave me today..... you crazy
RT : Hey could I burn a copy of your Nickleback CD?
Seriously, crazy guy at the bar, when I repeatedly tell you that TV lies about the stories they tell, it means stop commenting on them to me
RT Drops selection for the weekend: Tom Collins, Mojito, Cherry Chzcake, Sour Grape, Spiced Apple. To name a few...
Baby Hood is moving like crazy! Boy or girl??? Find out tomorrow!!!
make sure to follow Seattle's original car service founded 2006 specializing Ballard, belltown cap hill. Industry bar favorites.
Anytime you watch sports here you have a good connection! I hope you can make it back soon.
check out splash watersports on rt 19. I think they offer courses through CCAC.
You guys made us proud here in Israel last night great job my America Israel Racing! Onto Vegas!
I call shenanigans: conflating experience/training with ease of use.
Keep your chin up, someday there will be happiness again. - Robin Hood.
#MarriageEquality This country must change the President knows this if 2 of the same Sex wants Marriage. That is all good with Me.
Showed up to a costume party, costumes were cancelled.
Introducing the kid to Austin Powers :) yup...he's a fan!!
So, what do you do now? There's always going to be challenges to anything anyone thinks is worthwhile. Always.
I have an anger problem..
Valentine's Day is 2 weeks from today. Dedicate a song to your special someone now thru 2/10 for a chance to have it played on
Approximate start time for USA vs FIU is 7:30 pm ET as the grounds crew is working to prepare the field.
": ": Im gone ride a bike butt ass naked through Buckingham one day! WATCH!!!"--- IM WITH YOU!!!!!"#Y.O.L.O Mane
I hate when I have to make people repeat themselves cuz i hate when I have to do it lol
Do you guys keep a personal and professional account?
Yes, and I witnessed every minute of it.
woohoo! I'm hanging out over by Gate 42. Looking forward to the weekend!
your love never fails. It never gives up never runs out on me!
I second that!
i got u ....im out of tpwn right now soon as i get back ima send somen asap...wats da word tho my nigg
based god
Woot! Can't wait to see you ladies tonight! :)
I just liked it!!! :D
oh come to my house...my husband loved that show. You would be his dream girl.
:) I love you I love you ♥ ♥ Those crazy eyes that bring me for a moment wanted to be, and that voice hermoza you strip me of a skyscraper
Looking forward to tomorrow's #TNI with !
but u do biitch
Early bird... gets the last of the milk.
RT: #Virgo's only want one thing out of life: to live a humble one.<--- ME
Purchasing Managers – Are You Interested in a Career As a ...
Ron Dimberg's lecture, "Perspectives on Contemporary Korea", TODAY! 11:00 @ Miller Center!
Dont Go Chasing WaterFalls
No worries! Big Data convos have me concerned that we need more Ethical/Social Futurists than Techno Futurists tight now.
Great night last night. Your energy was obvious on TV!
Glad I'm in Vegas ..... No earthquakes, hurricanes or tornadoes...just hot.
Chris Davis just struck out Adrian Gonzalez. lol
omg I miss #cofficing with you and you are at GH too! :(
DJ Hero Is pretty dope!
If you were thinking about switching electricity providers, what questions would you want the answers to first?
it always sounds like water is running through your walls aftet you take a shower
i do though!
"Your tests are garbage. They don't test the whole system, just your little bits. What good is that?"
Yo, lets capture this moment <3
I just viewed all my DM and they were all stupid spam
I would like to reciprocate the same love god has for me towards everything n everyone.
The office just got their Girl Scout cookies delivered. Everyone is now working with an open box of cookies next to them.
hahaa wimp I feel great!
STOP trying to shoot 3's and just make a freaking BASKET!!!!!
Well he doesn't RT : I love how reporters are basically trying to get Vinny to admit he doesn't know what he's doing.
dms work yet?!
Need some time to be alone, try washing the dishes!
We're live! USC students sign up today!
I just finished a workshop w her yesterday - she gives great advice! Enjoy it.
(last tweet should have been accompanied by a hashtag: #LeaveTheCrowAlone)
Hey Kelsey. Any suggestions for new African music? We are doing a documentary in Feb/March and looking for more local contacts.
Dont you wish that you could be a FLY ON THE WALL-
Ugh I need some white shoes.
I didn't even realize that some of these people were seniors. I #obviously need to get out more...
Gronola Bar & Water for breakfast >
Eddie House deserves to proclaim juevos grandes after that shot.
lets talk business
it was an honest answer. Haha
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
Please RT!!! Go to victorygardeninitiative.com to win a free garden. If you don't need a garden sign up to volunteer blitz day :)
Having just said a lot of goodbyes, I do understand that! Timing sucks but there is no good time....
Way to freaking hot.
Notorious Thugs - bone thugs N harmony ft. biggie
juliett is so fucking bomb in this movie
Hahaha! Been there, done that. I'll have to hear about your night later.
I'd say she's the hottest female poker player on the planet, they'd be stupid to vote her off!
The Realities of Change in Higher Education Interventions to ...
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand Ray Ray (To Charlamagne From the Breakfast Club) : Was That Too Much Of a Big word for you..?
Thankful that has decided to join me in my cozy corner of Herman B. at 2:45am. Better late, then never I say.
The problem with #Smash is that the writers have confused unlikeable for interesting.
Day after half marathon, legs/feet are sore - but it was SO worth it. I had a blast!
All new Rock Stars tonight at 8pm on The Nat Geo Channel! The crew goes head to head with the biggest and most dangerous slope of the job.
Will someone PLEASE explain the difference between office depot and office max?!?
So please don't hurt m again.
she will love it I'm sure :))
Thanks, Phil. I miss you. TMB
Did you catch that double rainbow over Portland this morning?
it's all down to the last game i'm so excited :)
thanks!! we really apreciate it!! Feel free to ask us questions whenever they arise.
Andrade KOs Cisneros cold on ESPN2. Medics carrying him out but he is awake.
#TheMostCommonLies ! am separated/divorced from both men & women :)
Woooaah! This sucks. . .
Almost time for the #Lakeshow! (;
Tax Returns Due, (Oct. 17th) if you filed extension, put docs in 1place. Sch. appt. this week, relieve the stress.
18 MILLION VIEWS
It was a connection through Houston. Now in Oregon for my daddy's 85th. Long day of travel. Miss you already!
Okay, I'm rooting for but the baby Voltaggio's were adorable
I love reading 's tweets :)
Only 40 days till graduation!!!!
My bro & I are basically making our mom watch the newest Muppets movie& it's just as good the 2nd time. And, yes, we're in our late 20s&30s
hahaha no its not! what part?!
I wish Maya Rudolph and I were bffs. We'd go on double dates and discuss The Master with Paul Thomas Anderson.
I miss you guys.
“: Show them what they could've had.”
RT : It's like this: People from WI love the Packers 1st, then Favre, then cheese. Havarti & Favre, although great, are less i ...
No follows today?
There's a difference from liking someone and thinking they're cute
Glad to cover it
Oo will you take pictures of great typography and packaging too and send it to us!? I'm so jealous of your adventure! :)
<==good to know that you agree...lol...You can always test the theory...;)
VERY good point
Another wild one in #Queenstown! See you tomrrow for a fun ride to
There's no shame in liking what's good for you, it's the things that aren't good for you that should send a itch through you veins!
Midtown....not Downtown
too short, Keri, to short. But good.
Hi Jerry, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Looking for a new dentist? www.kravitzdental.com
Wish you'd wake up & realize what your doing
so true!! So can't wait for summer!! & absolutely love the vacation <3 wish it would never end!
everyone has one, and they all stink
“: Tim Duncan needs one more point to move up on the All-Time Scoring list!”
I've been at the library doing homework for almost four hours.....
I HATE when people overhear/misinterpret a "congratulations" and assume I'm engaged!
RT : excited for kickball to start!!! :)
Thanks to Jesus-- and God's grace- we NEVER have to worry about being on the naughty list.
The only way this day can get worse for the Vikings is if Joe Webb leads them to a win.
If you make a bold statement, be prepared to be called out on it & asked to defend your premise. Also make sure you actually have a premise.
It's all worth it in da long run
i mean its whatever
Ba-Ba-Ba-Baby Shower Later C: For Lupe Her Belly Soo Big. <3
Watching three teens at the library. I have absolutely no idea what gender they are. Not that it matters to me. Just interesting.
I better see dressed up chunty on Sat. (x
Busy news day hope everyone has a great Mother's day weekend. Enjoy the sun
FOLLOW ME BACK
omg okay! thank you so much!
Thanks to the #Actors & #Actresses that came out to audition in #Mesa #Arizona today! We had a blast meeting everyone!
Shout out to all the bots following me. Merry Christmas you soulless sodomites.
#Milwaukee PD officers on scene at Wisconsin n Plankinton say 20lb box found outside Chalet at the River Apts. Possible pipe bomb.
It's been a busy fall season in the black box theatre at DMSC. We're not stopping anytime soon! Up next Blackbird by David Harrower.
Full house for #RPDR !
we still love your profile picture <3
On the road almost in California !
ooh. Good info, thanks!
Just got a bench warrent for my arrest delivered by the constable #realliferetard might wanna take care of this....
Follow the pancake fairy! She is a hoot!
hello! welcome!
Feel free to bookmark that and let Spidey be your mascot for awhile. I'm sure he doesn't mind cc:
Read something smart: Stop rewarding yourself with food. You are not a dog!
happy holidays bra.. how's life treating you
Could be worse. You could have my wallet. It's empty.
It's Sunday! I dont want to do work!
its funny how people think they got you all figured out & they dont really dont know shit !
K. Moreno could have a career year being the top rusher in J. Fox's run heavy offense
New Project Sphinx Cats! Do you have one? Free Session I come to you!
Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguish the small, it rekindles the great!
I never cried or show feelings if u Fuck wit me u got my number twitter or facebook I not idc bout you either
This doesn't count the 3 months of summer w/out funding. That's unfortunate for your students!
RT : Watching my colleague demo Windows 8, bye bye Aero, hello Metro
If you’re not going to tell me something, don’t bring it up..
Time for hit the bed GOODNIGHT Bgc was the BEST today.
I point out the wistful staring weekly. Vom. I haven't laughed this hard in awhile. It is spot on.
I saw a tweet about the boys and Punk'd I literally fell out of the chair and onto the ground. My mom and bro looked at me like: wut?
Well well well! If it isn't Fishy Friday already! Git on down here and kick off your weekend cowstlye! Giddy Up!
Okay think about it, dick clark died,now no one is going to be ringing in the new year. The world will end in december!!
I have that dream about myself constantly...
One day, Newt Gingrich is going to expand with self-importance like Violet Beauregard.
there's so much to know! so little time to learn!
screenprinting book + great equipment bring success.
Robert Gates & Jon Stewart on Fox News Sunday this Sunday. Will either one be live in the DC studio?
How did I miss this? I was at that stop twice last night and saw no roosters
Copying the score to prep for the start of rehearsals on Tuesday!
Great night at Amici's. Our staff worked late to decorate and get ready for all the holiday parties booked at Amici's. So excited!
Magnets, how do they work?-> RT How does an Etch A Sketch work, anyway?
Tired of your routine? check out Active.com for training guides, info about 5K, 10K, and marathons, as well as other sports!
Watching #safe da movie bad
I'm a bit disappointed with Drake Doremus's love story “Like Crazy” The movie could have been a lot better. It had a lot of potential…
We're wearing red on Friday, February 3rd to show our support for the importance of fighting heart disease!
We have 680 students from more than 60 countries. They need to see themselves in the books in our libraries and classrooms.
Ru getting them?
Order sent to Lena in Australia!
ppl ask me the same thing nd I answer the same way.
#sxtxsw OWN it, be bold. Whatever you do IS a big deal. Don't think "Oh it's not that big of a deal." -
The Silk Tie likes Piers! Can we get you a better tie? thesilktie.com
Ever since then all I could think about was Lashawwwnda.......
dogs always know who the bad ones are
Jessica's face changed when I knew the words to a verse of a Travis song
Hey baby, did I mention I'm wearing magic underwear?
#SongsToPlayWhileHavinSex ANY slow Usher joint!
I feel like a stripper! Lol
First up: "Best practices in Digital Pedagogy"
I'm the lead UX guy. What can I do for you?
The question isn't who's going to let me; it's who's going stop me.
RT Fridays are the day I miss the most. :(
Welcome back Andy Pettitte. #Yankee fans have missed you.
you don't let me win I just prove you wrong everytime!
ha sure
Tomorrows the start to a great day!
Happy Friday Eve everyone!
I can't I wish i could
10/6/2010 Five Market-Research Tools for Twitter Entrepreneur
Your Mom!!! *throws chair and slams door* p.s. good morning. :)
didn't mind it one bit :) one of the perks of the gig. how are you, sir? up to any theatre?
worse. T-shirts! Almost knocked some people out! Didn't float like we would have hoped
11am Improv 4 Kids Show today for school groups at Times Square Comedy Club
At i-hope :D Yummmmyy !!
RT : thanks for the #NMFire RT. Hope you are well /Well, thank you. You?
* Prayinq for a productive day with no fighting...or going hoes having sex ! Sight !.
crazy how much one day can make you realize so much
NomNom for lunch
hey good lookin, gotta get my tweet game up!
i don't bluff
#beadlesFact Christian is a natural blonde.. He that's why there are some pictures of him with blonde hair:)
one beer and Ive got the hiccups. What? I blame
what up jade !
#liber2011 Valuation aims to give "just enough care" to enable all collections to survive. Spent resources more objectively & effectively.
Extremely annoyed
10 minutes! Hear that, middle school boys? You have used all my gluesticks and must leave soon!
Let me know if I can help you guys.
yes! a great group of incomings, lots of interesting authors rights & c./reuse questions + a digital humanities-specific question
Safe travels to everyone on their way to Chicago! Looking forward to seeing everyone soon!
Yes, but God is a vengeful God and destroys wicked people. Jesus shows mercy and compassion to sinners
Got a good fortune in my fortune cookie today: "If you must choose between two evils, choose the one you haven't tried before"
Buena suerte. Never understood such headaches until a nasty volcano in Chile made me feel like Tom Hanks at Ezeiza in Bs As
Before trekking to #heweb11, we're hitting up #edu11 to speak with #highered & vendors about changing the procurement process
Been listening to Corridos all day
You will become as great as your dominant aspiration. If you cherish a vision, a lofty ideal in your heart, you will realize it.
Shooting stop motion animation at tonight!
That sounds like a pretty scrumptious lunch to us! What a great price too.
and props on the re-entry
I think both of you need to seriously consider Joan Baez's Blowin' Away.
I can't understand why Tony Romo doesn't have more multi-million dollar endorsements,
Just treated to a dramatic reading, via spambot: "Upon come nigh examination, wildunawares painted an unthinkingopinion..."
You Paper, Scissor, Rock my World...
wow. She must be awesome.
Grandmas homemade tacos>>>>>>
“: Saw you on the tour & Love your music & style! Follow please? :)” UR so sweet! Thanks so much!
Everyone to come out to COPPERFIELD's this Friday to see us kill it - we go on at 12 but everyone knows the party doesn't start any earlier
any team news yet
RT “: I would never put someone I love in a bad situation.”
it's only because your bangs were on top of your head. After you put them down, I regretted saying that!
Boys That Can Grind Will Fuck Yu Good
Email with potential dates/times and we'll go from there! Is there a "beginners" class?
12 minutes in and #Texas is 1-15 from the field for 2 points!
Fighting the battle on unnecessary capitalization and losing. Why?!?! cc:
posted bro!
I want to know if Yost knew Holland was hurt before he put him in, or if Holland hid it from the team, either one is unacceptable.
Actually, on second read of that story, I find that headline misleading. Cleveland, as far as we know, is still shrinking.
used their adopted language, the language of their oppressors to overcome their oppression.
I love Isaiah Andrew Neal with my whole heart. :D
I tell ya u never kno how quick ur life can be turned upside down...praying for them
Done with Muay Thai Training, Car wash. grab some lunch from Chic Fila...time to relax my body for an hour and nap.
Wasn't even familiar with it. I'll check it out. Thanks for the rec
Still waiting on that call, playa Holla...
Craving Mexican tonight? We've got the freshest #burritos in the MIA!
oh shut the fuck up.
I'm so bummed,holidays coming up & I hate being the only single one,wish I had a special some 1
bored and i have only been up for 2 hours cant wait to go back to work tomorrow
Ever buy Eggo frozen waffles?? LOL guess you know Rory & Fred both imploded at Augusta. That course will do that
Junior #Heartbreaking. The eight player on the 1995 Superbowl Charger team to die.
If world refuses to help you. Just Remember the words of Einstein "I am thankful to all those who said no, Its bcoz of them i did it myself"
Americans must be committed to shared vision of conserving forests. It must begin with a complete commitment to restoration. - sec. Vilsack
I know how easy it is to fall into the "my friends and my mom all love my script" trap.
WWJKD? (What would Jack Kerouac do?)
Im so sore I can't even get out of bed!
He made my night<3
I CANT WAIT TILL MARCH 25TH! I AM SO OUTTA HERE! FUCK YOU!
failure to finish... ;)
RC planes your thing? Greg is here and ready to build, repair, or complete the one you started. He'll cut you a great deal!
I recently heard our IT guys say "we've gotta replace the motherboard" and THOUGHT I heard "we've gotta play some Loverboy!"
what's up!
I Know My Role, And I Play It Well, It Weigh On My Lima Scale
Faith and positive words WILL move the mountains you face in life
Is no answer better then a negative answer...?
did your school already have their prom ?
the new media darling! First you dominate my twitter feed and then you show up on kprt "houston's news leader" for every story
HEY. Hi. Hello. Sup. AH.
Tonight we get down with Lee's Summit, MO at Jerry's Bait Shop. Show is at 9pm. Bring your knee pads.
Have you tackled this yet?
The "Indian Dr. Suess," Anushka Ravishankar, will be in the Young Research Library this Friday at 2pm.
ATTENTION INTERNET (again): Found someone for Sun, but I still need help next Sat. I know it's St. Patty's but it's only until 4p! Please!
DailyHookahTip#148: Smokers cough? Try steam stones instead of traditional shisha. It's the electronic cigarette of hookahs.
Thanks for the wordpress group promo!
Would love to set up an interview regarding Liposonix for #YouBeauty.com. What do you think?
dee give me a shout out important news for you
Rubio's absence is surely noticeable, but still great team play all around & great win. With Mavs right behind, every win counts.
This is not cool doe
Hope = Hype
thank you
Fuse is feeling frisky on the Bamboo deck tonight! Check out the hook while our DJ revolves it! "Fuse Fuse Baby..."
Day time Foxnews is leaning toward Obama w/ Jobs bill,& anything to help Dems.this started 3mos.ago, Iwatch Fox24x7,I can See It
Tea time is over Tim.
mine do dat too. said ubersocial better
i wanna go to Atlanta or Florida! Either way, Im starting to save up already! Lol
I'd be up for that...
DIRTY : DIRTY anthology of "dirty" writing coming soon, with erotic art by amazing MUGI TAKEI!
T1: I love honestly. Humility. Vulnerability. Humor. Feeling what the blogger is feeling through their words.
With NBC axing a lot of good shows we're pretty much in the 'Ow My Balls!' phase of programming as predicted by Idiocracy.
RT : Today is the final day of our Twitter feed. Dec. 30 marks the last day of our #prek advocacy campaign.
Ok, we have been poking back and forth for hours, and i'm all "what do you actually want!?"
lol its fine.
Which begs the question...what are your top books to read in one sitting?
Have a time and day yet ?
YAY!!!! (Epidural-kind of excitement) RT : With at the hospital. Outlaw should come out of hiding pretty soon.
Wow! #Bayern with 6 guys sitting on yellows? Ouch.
Engage reporters through social media before pitching - if possible. Follow them on Twitter, Facebook and become familiar to them
what if people tell you that you look sexy but you don't feel it?
I believe it is ths worst thing. It's like having every meat except beef... wait, they don't have beef either.
I don't understand why gets hate. Can't you see how AMAZING He is? Face it haters... You're just jealous AREN'T YOU?♥
A restless camera in search of its players — Ophuls' post-modern La Ronde (1950) is a delirious look at love on the run in old-world Vienna.
can u NOT follow me...tnx ....P.S whe it happen it left but BTR didnt go
Ted Talks are always inspiring, often in ways you weren't anticipating. (They specify which work best as pure audio.)
Hi would love to share your story. Please tell me more!
"Remember to wash your berries before eating, and fly toward the sun.
Our website is a totally FREE service for groups and friends to exercise socially in friendly competition. FREE, i.e., better than not-free.
Good calls! I was obsessed with Mrs. Frisby at that age. :)
*Asian whisper* <3
Re the Buick Verano commercial: The driver can't hear the jackhammer OR THE SIREN FROM THE AMBULANCE that approaches as he fails to stop.
Shit just got awkward!
yes.. i love my friends so much
good speech!! :)
do it!
RT : Waiting on my phone to ring... so many calls out there but no one's calling back :/
what up ma this ya PARTYBOYDJ DJ KENZO A NIGGA FUXX WIT YA ,SEND ME SOME OF YA TRAXXS TO
start the day off right...vote for Hannah Kay hunt, roman Nelson, and jackie swoyer for homecoming court!!
How is coming to the salon tomorrow to get there hair done?
At the movies!
#Actors - Amanda Mackey Johnson casting 6 roles for "Magic City" AL STRAUSS 70s White, JANICE Late 20s Blonde Beauty, more info in the app!
hehehehehe... Thanks doll!!! :)
Today is a lazy day for me (x
I miss my sister, too! There is nothing like a sister.
I'm gonna cry cause I'm in the city without Sonic everyday.
Vickie suggested we ask Byron Wells, exec coord, about wifi. It's basically a ques of cost.
Spending the morning at home before work
My daughter did in fact eat Pat the Bunny
I'm doing Weight Watchers to lose the baby weight. Going well so far. About 10 more lbs to lose to be back to pre-daughter weight.
I know better~~~ thats why their crazy mixed up dreams of him...were not granted....how dare some people!
doing his thing, getting ready. Best Dj's in the city right hur! Hip hop, techno, dub step, old skool! Love it
Most likely overflow from a flooded machine room after torrential rains. Better than the sewage flood of 15 years ago.
Smoke a million swisher blunts and i aint never comin down ;) #G ucciGucci
If you have a business voice calling my house I will always hang up.. Sorry
Timing to get the bicycle ready
how's that
A7: They do not have insurance or ability to self pay. I deal with this EVERY DAY. My biggest struggle in intervention.
OPEN your EYES!! Get conscience to what you really want. Start seeing people for who they are. It will make you happier!!
Everyone is a hustler until the WORK starts...then the real ones stand up! haha
Haven't been on in awhile cause I moved but I'm on now ;)
if y'all were comin to Texas I would be! ;)
haha yea I'm working there this summer so my shot will be in top form
web search - there are a lot of contest for amateur or school videos out there this time of year too
Suit: "Frozen text on teleprompters forc[ed] Olbermann to ad lib ... during live broadcast." But did he scream"Fuck it! We'll do it live!"?
I was also!
Everyone should work as a server or in retail at least once in life. All the social education you'll ever need.
Ready to head to Airport with for his fight on Tues. on fuel tv. Make sure you check it out it's gonna be a great fight!!
at top golf
Corinne Bailey Rae playlist. Journal entries. Dreamers mode.
Giving someone a mile, when they only give you an inch <<
Hope you have a fun Superbowl planned!
REAL AS FUCK
Yeah, we're proud of the lad for sure. New Longwalls on the way shortly... Thanks (again) for the support. Cheers!
I am off the grid until I get my Mac back from the infirmary! Can't see all tweets as normal. Will respond soon.
Ugh...I'm on my laptop and twitter's not loading right...I'll get on ScottySwag tomorrow after church :)
play all the songs I listen to! I like you! -Laughs- RT)
Welcome , who is leaving the center of the universe (Capitol Hill) to join the OTHER center of the universe-- the Hilltop!
Don't miss Serials Solutions and in booth 405 at #OLA2012!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
I satisfied the long standing request for El Debargs's Who's Johnny! ;)
Oh, Nicole. You're never in the "eavesdrop-ing mode. You're in my list of "Please Drop In" list of friends. See what I did there?
I never understood the whole girls and pillow fight thing.
Oh yes, it was all for the cause. He is such a good egg. He has a lot of patience with me. I will post pics!
I can help you knock off the rust lol
anytime for you
Planted impatiens and a strawberry plant 2nite. New hostas going in tomorrow.
That makes me think of the song "Fox" by Millencolin! Check it out on youtube
Sure you did xD
OMG me and my ex tylers bf are flrting lol he wants to suck my penis now lol and i kinda wanna suck him but hey i am not braging!
Got to give props to BJ. He looked yolked! I think he's satisfied in his weight class. He seemed more humble too. I was losing respect...
Good advice from - "The brand comes after the work." so true
I could never give up coffee.
i know lol i was just saying. Lol i told u im working wyd
You know what, I'll hold your hair all the way home.
gon be a long summer jas
I don't understand why people are bugging at LoAlbo's hw? It is easy, taken me prob 2 hours...
SPH Alumni Society President Deborah Lasher encourages grads to stay connected to SPH throughout their lives.
who is still up?.
this makes me sad. Used to love the one in miami
Is it true that celiac disease can be genetic?
The mayor is in the house!
Flying sure isn't like it used to be. Now it's a portable prison. Fly instead!
One of many goals this summer: learn how to parallel park so I can stop embarrassing myself.
Val's work really rocks. Her diss has been picked up as a book by UC Press already :)
totally! Fabulous idea.
Hello new followers!
I just trademarked it 😁
No am workouts= going to team united with
Too lazy to stop n get gas
There's no glue at our house... Looks like I'll be finishing this project in the morning.
RT Ah, jash, trying to get the motivation to do some exercise this evening.
You are so not a Ms.!!! LOL!
Hi, I've been trying to catch up with you for a while, got your contact info from your brother, he's my lawyer...
Really jealous of all the freshmen that just moved in at Udel. Best school & best 4 years ever! Stay as long as you can:)
. is obviously Washington historian and sometimes local political candidate Nelson Rimensnyder.
in the office?
Language quiz time
Whatta ya say Los!!!!!
How do you feel about combining beer and pomegranate? Yeah I don't like it either. I am drinking a Ft. Collins Brew. They have better beers.
Playing temple run to "get by" by delta heavy (: <3
Regardless Of How It Goes Down;Life Goes On..
Our personal twitters: &
So Your A Cutie <3
The most annoying thing is when you're in a good mood and you get asked 3423429 times why you're in a bad mood
has a new haircut! I love it! She's beautiful anyway.
Midnight birthday wish goes out to !!! Heard did some karaoke. Can't go wrong! Enjoy.
always good to be on top! ;-) #rcops >= #devops (hehehe)
Hafta work another Saturday... Hello 60+ hour week... Paycheck better be worth it! Cant wait to get off work and see the girl :-)!!
who do u think is the biggest break out player this season so far? #nba RT : Fantasy Basketball Box Score Breakouts – 1
Never Really Gave Them A Chance ,
yes it is I am also very happy that the miners were rescued:)
I AM SO FUCKING MAD RIGHT NOW......
Jesus says he loves kisses especially.Hershey KissesRT: see you on sunday..im bringing jesus a box of chocolates
just cause I wanna see what time it is where is, it's like 2 in the afternoon tomorrow there. (:
I'm good tho mang just Tryna stay out of trouble you know
I'm trying! :p
In first block and already wanna go home! But nope have drivers ed right after school on the nicest day in march! #thissucks!
Thank you to all the great professionals and students who came out for #understory events today! Buffalo Rochester Syracuse Albany
Nothing new the Mavericks still suck FTM!!! #NbaChumpions #SpursNation!!!!
What's the secret to boosting your productivity at work? Listen to the Nutcracker.
I need seen a person pace so damn much.
Holder is my favorite character in #TheKilling. I just thought that was important. x]
I'll lie if I have to
SO excited to see my 2nd favorite QB play his little heart out tonight. <3
Finally making time to mix down all the mixtapes #feelingood and just ready to reveille all this
me either.. I'm just blabbin'(typin') away. :D
Beckett just got booed so bad! Roll Tribe!
Having a good year with this music
Excited to have donated one of our pieces to The OC Look Event that will benefit !
wow this kid just told me he was in calculus and I asked what he was seeing in his class and he said algebra.... fucking liar.
Hey Eric, how you doin?
We had an excellent preso from 's Dawn Murray on how the company successful used Xactly Incent to automate
Listen at 730. Caller 12. RT : when ru u givn them out on air and wht time u have to b in the club or...
Randomly met a bouncer from Maine who works Saturday's at this bingas chemfree thing? Dying at these stories, this actually exists?
he went to the store :P
In UK check out hey guys - is your sensor also available outside US? (e.g. in The Netherlands? :-)
Seafood extravaganza at Grandmas house... Happy Mothers Day to all you mamas out thurr.
Hey I'm Anne's son and I wanted to talk o you about some stuff that im doing
Worthwhile passage of time.
Happy Easter!
No one knows where to return things here. Classic case of reonovation without staff consultation. Thanks, architects.
How does lamb shank and rice sound for dinner?
Bitch I love Being weird STFU & continue with ure boring life lmao.
mother mons†er everyone love him
it's only sad when you lose miserably. The team that wins is like, THIS WAS THE BEST IDEA EVVEEERRRRRR
it's a glob team, so sadly kind of exclusive
Good morning! “Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.” - Norman Vincent Peale
Your first waking hour sets the tone for the rest of the day, so use that time to prepare to go in the direction of your goals
:-) thats great! I study at home myself :-D
what campus are you at?
So fuckin jealous at my sister who went to Mac Miller!!! Fuck u Cordelia!(: haha jkjk I love her<3
. on conan on wednesday! Let's show #sf some love--and maybe make feel better about ?
What a Great Thanksgiving Week!!! We are Very Thankful for Everyone's support!!! Thank you!!!
Same to U
Swimming, then packing for my fabulous weekend with my girls.
oh no (hope you're ok) but cant help but laugh too! Yes, oh the
the FCAT mind fucked me today O.o
For the last time, I am down with Hot Spacho, Samuel L. Jackson
Angela from GroupVisual.io - I love everything you presented! Especially the home spreadsheet. ( #Adobe Data Viz #breakthroughs)
“: Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start. -Nido Qubein”
lol people and they twitter names
RT : This is the first year in MLB history that has included a perfect game and a 4-homer game. And it's only May 8!
Life's an adventure. It's ok to laugh and enjoy it!!!
Ah headache and stomach ache. Blahh. Brain and tummy pain. Boo!
He fits like a glove around here! :)
talking about 50 shades of grey haha.
my desk looks like a paper mill exploded.
God Damn .
because my dad told me I would! if I expect to cry, I won't cry. ya know?
"Why does the tea smell like beef?"-haha, at the Korean noodle house we went to beef broth was served in teapots and teacups, as a beverage.
Being Random is a part of life lmao
RT : . Seems to me that we need to show them the #HITsm chat logs to give them direction!
OH: when I'm DJ'ing I put subliminal thoughts in their heads
Today in 1979, the eradication of smallpox was certified after as many as 500 million people had died of smallpox in the 20th century alone
Going to beauty is pain boutique to see real life Vikings play some black metal in stonehaven!!!!
lol Bernie Mac always leaves an impression.
Who's getting married?
Thank You for a lovely dinner last night...sushi, red wine, & great conversation - perfect celebration
I wish my dad was in my life. 😔
u have twitter! Cool thx for following :-)
For 30 minutes, while sitting by his graveside, I read aloud the inspirational speech which #BenjaminBritten gave at Aspen.
:p Vomited in the bus today -_-
awesome man! Just DM us ur address and how many u want (no quantity limit) and we'll get them out.
yo nice meeting you last night at the Crunchies! Awesome suit :)
Burned my baked sweet potato. Now tastes like cardboard.
I wuvs you! You are simply amazing! #bffs #<3
RT Also - really looking forward to getting back into an exercise routine.
Eating outside in front of the NYC public library is great option with today's beautiful weather
Please Please Please follow me my love I love you too #Believe .. PLEASE :D
Thank You Kris I Hope I Have As Much FUN As You Did;-)
Great start to the day-met with talking about upcoming collection app for
If you were following , I'm #recycling that name and changed it to #Outdoorliving tips from yours truly.
Soo haha he's still my best friend lolz
To and all other XU fans.. The game will be the main feature tonight.
Buy the village, we will visit.
enjoying Vietnam! #SAS #realtalk waking up early tomorrow to catch some rangers baseball!
If you see me at The Lilac Fest tonight say hi. I'll be doing the intro for ... one of the greatest live bands I've ever seen.
I don wanna play adult today *thrash*
Mail order chickens. Whoa.
99 followers and growing. Good info to come soon. I've been holding back some big news. Hint.... 200 k worth of Jewels on a model.
you're very welcome:)))
#FF Happy Holidays new followers!
heading the the CC Arts Fest. Can't wait to see what new pieces I can find. Hopefully I can find a Smoked Turkey Drumstick to nibble on!
The life which is not examined is not worth living. Plato
thank goodness, it was only for 0.5 seconds. had to snap you back to reality! lol
Can eggshells go down the dispose-all?
thanks for the RT
Great finish 4 #Badgers' Kyle Jefferson. RT : Waking up this morning knowing u gave it your all and came out on top is
The movements of mortgage rates higher and lower throughout the week have become progressively more tame.
Ur a pain in my ass! Like a huge ashy black cock going up my ass with no lube
WaPo:Our problem isn't readership. It's monetizing all our readers. We figure that out and we will have solved a lot.
notices my hair looks like Wes Stude's from his role as Uncas in "Last of the Mohicans."
Thanks for retweeting
And I wonder how the folks in suits & ties are coping?! RT : Wow DC is HOT today. Love it.
no! You used a hashtag!
jorge: As a kid I watched the eye of Alicia pass over my house. Last night Ike did the same. Life is way too short. Hug somebody, Now.
Cheers! RT : beer
they make electric skate boards?
This damn weather bro, I can't sleep 😡😡😡
Spending all day tomorrow at the Dept of Ed #Arts Education grantee meeting, giving 2 presentations on strengthening #evaluation reports
money I need it I have to put has in my car and my dad is paying my insurance.
Will Particle Zoo IV reach 200 sub-particles before the slate is wiped clean once again as in the first Particle Zoo? Just asking.
Welcome to the #49Faithful as a Duck this is a match made in heaven
In so much pain. My legs, my abs, my back.
64 degrees. sunny. light breeze. perfect weather.
No, but I have a few that make you not care.
What are your thoughts on the first half?
Haha Cute(: Dude, Im So Happy With Blainee(:
sounds lyk someone I no u lol
im so going to chipotle after school. im so hungryy!
Portland Timbers season tickets have arrived! Let's do this!
Rytes Warriors 2013 heading to Semi-Finals vs Golden Isles Warriors (Alabama) at 2:00 pm.. Beat Killeen Elite in Qtrs. #Rytes Warriors
safe travels
Core Leadership meeting soon. Praising God for an aweaome team!!!
Could you please RT this? Our local radio station is trying to get Chicago a signing! Bring1DtoB96
Don't ever say you've been hacked when you haven't. Big CEO'S of 'twitter and Facebook work hard keeping your privacy safe....Rep. Weiner!
never let a pregnant lady walk out of there with out pho
this isn't spam, but I'm selling my old iPad...
Still, that would be an evil tactic. Hope we do it.
Let's not 4 get, Dad's that are Mom's, Step Mom's, Grandma's,and our Mother of God. Happy heavenly Mother's Day, Mom <3
I <3 the Can't complain since they both follow me + they probably know you're my neighbor!
The New Sexy Man on Myspace ! LOL
How do you edit a video on IPhone 4s? I need to shorten it but idk how!?
I love my osa
everyone in the world is so fake. omg. "I fucking hate that bitch... ugh, here she comes.. omgg, hi! you look so pretty today I love you!"
You're the reason I have a middle finger. ¯\(ツ)/¯
This Clippers/Grizzlies game is the worst game seven in the history of team sports.
The brightest future will always Be based on a forgotten past; You can't go forward in life until You let go of your past failures and...
Rightt :3 D'aww, about your tweets, you are in love, with..? Can I know? :3 x
At Positive Tomorrows, education is more than just classroom time; it's about enriching the lives of our students!
"It's all about tile placement."That gets old after several losses.
That was awhile ago for me but I remeber trying to be honest without being graphic. How'd you do it?
Change your AVI (profile picture).
Lol that was a high tweet.
very strange. Words said you abandoned me. I'm reachable. I will dm
Listening to Zapp and Roger- Computer Love. Sounds a lot better on my Good news it is #friday!
Clash of the paid projects! Only one can survive. Bugger. Wait for a bus, two come at once.
Yup, I bought an ipad. Super excited!
April showers bring May flowers. What do May flowers bring? June brides?
When you consider there will be 16 teams left after tomorrow night and and are 2 of them, that's WI boss !
AWESOME! And good 'cuz I'm gonna hold you to it...you BETTA come...or I'm gonna go all kung-fu ninja on your ass!
RED STAIN ON CARPET??? Hydrogen Peroxide/ Dish Soap... Message me directly for instructions
so weird--i'm not sure how that works. glad i'm not the only one! this might just make weekly blowouts worthwhile.
My chick bad lookin like a bag of money.
trying out the new aim, eh..
the ending to #me3 is just fine the way it is! Bioware shouldnt change anything
Most of the people never follow any people on #FF , but its always positive to be on someone's list(:
There's no point in burying a hatchet if you're going to put up a marker on the site
baha forgot to mention you in last tweet(:
I'm just going to say it.I really hate you right now, you screwed me over.some friend you WHERE....ya and by WHERE I mean NOT ANYMORE!!!
Bad bitch & her chacha, grabbing on her chee ches...
In My Eyes You Are The Stupidest MF'er Alive !
In the great department store of life, baseball is the toy department. -Author Unknown
Watching on mute because I'm too lazy to find the remote. In other news, hotel doesn't have free wi-fi so I'm tweeting stupid things.
I appreciate that fam! Means alot
Ever since you went away my heart has never beat the same
eating ice cream and watchin a movie! =) always relaxing!
I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone.
haha omg i can only imagine how it'd be when you have an actual baby...memphis is downstairs with his mom sleeping
Tonight at 6:30pm - Replay of Mexico vs Uruguay!
I'm CRACKIN
How 'bout a surtax on Catholics who don't believe in contraception? (First kid's free; 5% bump for each addition.)
We are HUGE Marvel / DC fans ~ my 4 year old nephew tried telling me about it yesterday, his dad kept yelling at him not to
geeze! That sucks!
Getting ready for CANASA! Will you be there? Stop and visit us at booth #927 - we have some exciting material to show you!
I'm (kind of) patiently waiting for my song from I cannot wait to get it!
which app did you use before instagram?
I quite enjoyed Reach. Guess that's why. I'd give Halo up in a second if Bioshock would come out on time!!!
hello thanks for being awesome
My blog at www.sdhg.us features Fallingwater, PA and thoughts on perhaps how a few local architects could do better if given the locale
Hm. What to do when your 5 year old gives your one year old his first haircut when your back is turned.
my dog pissed on mine and now its all rusty I can't use the thing now
Nothing like some Pearl Jam.
laying like needles in the hospital.
--to say that to someone, yeah, i'm in law classes bitch.
ur killing me aith all these images.... ;)
Lets get rich and give everybody nice sweaters and teach them how to dance.
So what's been happening while I was gone...lots of #levilowrey talk I see, lol
I know that one!
Want a #PR #internship this summer? DHC is hiring! Send your resume, cover letter & 3 writing samples to by April 13
time to bring back #myNYPDfile and tag
really wat did he say lol
I've had such a bad day and AGT is making me laugh so hard lol bless you television
lol yeah next time I will babe I need the tan (;
yeah I'll be gone during that time.lol.That'd be so cool though :P
Apparently being on the verge of tears listening the the BSG soundtrack helps my productivity.
It reminds me a little of the golden girls. love that show also
at lunch chillinn. And wow way to go
This place is incredible!!!! Im afraid to go on the balcony though! Way to high lol
Never thought there was a time I'd watch Peter Jurkin. Then I came to the Jordan Brand game. #idliketoaskhisparentswhy???
yup, a fanpage though.
that's a Zeppelin, not a blimp. </ airship nerd >
Daily Muse: "Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, but kept going no matter what!” Spryte Loriano
Everything sounds like bacon
How is everyone's off season so far?
when your rich everything becomes free
It gets worse -- and better -- and different. Every year is a beast in its own furry way.
RT : I'm not even gonna get mad anymore. I'm just going to learn to expect the lowest out of the people I thought the highest of."
hey guys, i really want to make a video for ! i need psanderettes!!!! if ur interested tweet me :)
more good times at the maritime cabanas 5-10pm:) then pink elephant til 4am.
#ItsSadThat high school flies by so fast
Tomorrow night at will be exciting as we watch win! #RBNY South Ward, #CincoDeMayo #UFC & Boxing fans will be there!
I'm so telling mom.
10th year at #SXSW! Love the vibe & meeting our great customers. Hit us for CD duplication & custom t-shirts!! It's what we do.
Dude nice! Its a close game man!
I got trust issues b/c of
that's not what I said!!!
If I ever lost my dad, I'll be terrified!!
Going to city walk rite now and tomorrow I really want to come I love u guys!
They should've. RT : about that Hyundai spot, I heard it was filmed with all real employees. 2 bad they didn't emphasize that.
It makes me want to cuss more when people tell me not to cuss.
Going to sit down with Coach Bielema at IHOP for a breakfast and gossip session.
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED (with my bumper). Boom! Enjoy that jam for AL OF MAY.
Exactly. Mofos hungry. Our schools are jacked. Folks don't have jobs, but you want to scream about gay marriage?
The F-Word: Tackling Employee Performance FEEDBACK - New CRG emPerform Webinar
I hope someone told Cotto to keep his hands up on the break. We all remember the last fight's nonsense.
loud Loud LOUD LOUDER. In case you're wondering what you're missing.
just saw u on tv!:) please follow me:D
#wordoftheday Spruik (v) To make or give a speech, especially extensively; spiel. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
ur artist is real good i like the flow
New goal: become one of the realtors on
Why were The Beatles such great song writers? One reason: try writing 13 albums of material in 7 years and not come up with a few gems!
RT Wishing all of Indiana’s teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and...
oh my word, thank you Aidan! That is so sweet!!! :3
Snowflakes. Finally. Well.... Barely.
ugh, I just did something in PHP that was a total anti-pattern that completely solved my problem.
Is every human eating at a diner today,6 diners not 1seat!!!
I love you like a love song baby.
u such a Twitter freak lol
Congrats on completing the half in 2:12...saw you fly by at the Kingdom. Awesome job!!!
Going to LA Times Festival of Books? I'll be emcee at the YA Stage today and tomorrow from 11-5. Stop by and say hi!
In the hot seat!
The Business Lawyer is seeking experienced editors! Editors receive an honorarium upon completion of each issue.
I have worn my hair for two months now. It's time to get my weave back.
aw ok love(: btw are u going to see Austin in new York?(:
More and more, finding that yoga & meditation can solve anything that's causing me a problem.
O.M.G.I Just think someone with a booty pop ON...
you guys rock!
I'm so sad! :( I can't make it to your concert! :( but I know it will be amazing!!!! Have fun
Le sigh ... Goodnight
how are you liking San Fran? Xoxo
When you are my age, YOU DO NOT HAVE A PERMIT.....
Can you please follow me? I would be the happiest person ever!
Great. A lizard tail is now lost in my couch.
the key 2 a straight up swap is that it must b a win-win 4 everyone. happy weekend.
I just randomly got cold
aw :) your soo nice your beautiful to!!!!!!!
Ready to eat and hit up the movies
Check out WEEDS and THE BIG C on Showtime Network NOW, they are two of the best shows. Both shows previous seasons available on DVD
Thank you. Needed! ;-)
AW HAIL NO.
my mom listening to keith sweat . His voice cracks me up . Lol
Now headed to Slaughter. Anyone know where I can trade my money for furs & gold before I journey that far away from civilization?
Our convo's just left me a good memories (: that's just make me happy (: I just smiling like an idiot (:
Need #catering in #midtown or downtown?! Try cafe 41, we cater breakfast, lunch and dinner!
Thanks for tweeting about the voting deadline, but it's actually *next* Monday (5/21), not today.
Looking for some help on editing my film I shot in India. Shoot me a message if that's something u might be interested in:)
lol...no, a night club...
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub!
I saw their first game this year and Hassel is the real deal, he has a sweet shooting stroke!
Burgandy is the NEW black for the Grammy's. Now on GMA. So glad I didn't miss that.!
Twas a good wknd to go to Eugene,duckstore was giving 25% off on cutting mats,got an xacto knife too. Ready to make 3part cards!
#aye seems like the only time I get on #twitter is when I'm bored....but I can't lie #ihate the #upgrade #twitter....smh it get on my nerves
When you think of Boston, what 3 things come to mind? Tweet us back your answers!!
I feel like we have been through so much but we always tend to find each other back in our lives.
Me too! I sort of can't believe this movie actually got made.
😒 RT : the good feeling i get when Kobe misses a shot >>>>>>>
Santa Monica is one of my favorite parts of LA, summer = perfect weather there beachside (but a bit crowded)
She got jealous of her ex’s new gf so I stabbed her hand with my fork to distracct her. I’m such a great friend.
Learning to build a website like a pro!
RT I love watching people watch the asses at a show. BROOKLYN GOING CRAZY
If the #rapture occurs tomorrow, I will be at AutoZone. Working. Lucky me. :/
lmao. I really could care less about skin tone cuz i like em all but idk if I could go out on a limb & say that they are overrated
Packing and watching supernatural...I want this whole family to die, theres a ghost in your house listen to the two heavily armed hottys!!!
Hubbyz grounded. My other love has a year in jail... FML..
Anyone else think Blue the dog was a weak mascot? Bring back Dynamo!
haha I'm glad I'm not the only one too!! It's like damn, you do know this is America, right?! Freedom of speech, people!
just started using for project managment & crm. It's free up to 1GB storage. just which they had plugins...
#russiandolls the rest 5 episodes will be shown on oct 7 at 8AM and then the rerun starts on oct 4 at 9pm on LRW chh
FACT: Frozen and broken water pipes rank #2 behind hurricanes in the number of homes damaged and the amount of claim costs in the U.S.
“: It's gettin' funky up in ! Don't miss Easter services with ! #blessed”
All u do is sit around and Talk bout The next person.blame urself for not havin shit In life.
RT ": I love when teachers respond to my emails right away... it makes my life so much easier."
“: My phone put Scooter. That was brilliant.” it was!
I think he did really great
you witch!
