screw Cleveland*
- Axel, belated thanks for the #FF last week. As always, much appreciated.
You're making me blush! Thinking 'about it. Thanks for support.
Pip is consistently flat...75% of all notes.
It's day in South Milwaukee!
when someone compares himself to jordan and calls himself a superstar, there better be some sort of proof
Any open kid castings out there?
Ugh...A LONG WET DAY AHEAD OF ME!!!
That site is down but we offer design as well.
I guess I will catch up on some work because this cold won't let me sleep.
RT : Please refer to it as "Urban Friday."
#MyFirstWishFor2012 is that i will meet and get a follow from and
right here :)
I will probably be back at school tomorrow !:)
If Willie Wonka had a Chocolate Factory it would definitely be here in the
ha, good suggestion.
they chevy volt is a necessary innovation we need to ween are country off oil
You look great on Lopez Tonight, tonight! We are still up on LA! Cant wait to attend your events this year.
“: Tequila 1800” <--- it was so good haha
Kansas city, MO has been added to ticketmaster.
reviewing miley cyrus´ songs
My feet && back are KILLING me.... I need a long massage.
Neighbors got a new pup named Curly. My pup's name is Lambeau. This could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship ;)
RT Taylor gang or hold on to jellyfish titties.
Going to the Night exibit today at WPZ. Hubby wants to tell visitors the zoo is going to grind up the animals into hotdogs after it closes.
making up for lost time
Thx for retweet. RT : US Sec. of Education speaking at #cysummit 'We need can't do it by themselves"
": your work is great. Please send me your email addy :)"thx! Can't DM you frm my cell :-( will send email shortly!
Had a great 2 1/2 hr social media intro/strategy session with tonight! Welcome to Twitter, Green Door!
We Kall That Diarrhea
When you put it in terms of hours—24 of them—a day seems so long.
i was at flashbacks ! tall girl , coconut bikini top & i was in the contest
Yep, that was def a factor in our decision to choose CU over the other 9 schools she was accepted at
Had to lay down earlier; because I couldn't stand to see him leave;
#Jayhawks if u can't go hard inside, u got no chance!! #Kentucky vs
Heading to the South Bay Galleria w// :)
I Feel Ya Broke Bitches Make Me Sick! (Throw Up!) Lol!
": I assume all women have contemplated how to kill a nigga and get away with it when they get upset"
Valley girl attitude....ridiculous.
The Vertigo Burger sounds amazing! RT : Hey guys! Have you tried our delicious burgers at Elevation Burger?!
Aayy ladies if you know you badd.!
Today I told this girl that One Direction is gay cos she saw me writing out bromances. She freaked out screaming and told me she hates them.
Goodnight everyone
Word. Sorry it's late. RT : HUGE thanks to the thinking man's thinking man for the #adultrappers blog love.
ditto what Justin said. Thank you so much! Would love to visit.
Half Price Martini's at Marco's Restaurant and Lounge all day!
No work tweets tonight. I'm at #Wilco at the Fillmore in Denver.
My abs are on fire
S/O to all my bros puttin it down in the local rap game we almost there baby! authentic movement k goon $quad RJGz
Today is the last day of my sophomore year of college. & I get to go home. & I get to see & I could not be anymore excited :)
Been gettin picked on ALL weekend!
Attending excellent but tiring #allergy #boardreview in Chicago
no it was pure passion
I would never.
i love that movie what is youre favriote part
Word is Lyle Lovett coaches just pulled up next to the Market.
I love you no matter what and #iWishThat you would stop hurting yourself :'(
oh crap! Thats too bad :|
My mom actually made a good dinner, what?!
You should! ;)
Nothing like two nosebleeds in one day.... Thanks Israel for adding to this experience, and a trip to the doctor tonight...
Fuck the Police! I like Sting's solo stuff better.
Nissan says Magna Steyr will build new Infiniti entry model Nissan said contract manufacturer Magna Steyr will build a new premium compac
I don't want to be alone anymore.
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina, ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Split Pea, Minestrone, Tomato basil ravioli..M
Yup, officially freaked out now! Lol. But a GOOD freaked out! :) x
Battier just don't need to take anymore three's..he done missed em all LOL!
whenever u ready bruh
Thanks to all the #educators who came to the session Friday @ the #CLS Conference in Monterey, CA!
Just let me punch a wall. I'm so stressed.
At community clinics like Country Doctor, sick low-income individuals can get the care they need. - Rik Wyman
Lovely Camping Site. Shame it was too cold.
Zach Tumin (ZachTumin) thanks for the follow.
Just announced the line-up for Kiss The Summer Hello June 2nd : Dev, Carly Rae Jepsen, Chiddy Bang, Neon Hitch, Chris Rene and Cady Groves.
lmao no :p you're still gonna have to crash my wedding tho
I been voting for you. I think you have been doing great on DWTS.
Thanks for the mention!
So and are planning a codeathon together. Cities we are pondering are Austin, DC and Boston. feedback?
Inactive for next 24, blazing and posting kony posters
There is nothing to do today...
The Student Living Center opens Friday; first day of classes is a week from today.Did the summer pass quickly, or what?
they're only showing LOL I'm those states?
hope you rocked out
Really excited about the #WASFAA website redesign project. It is coming together!
Guys...this tequila shot is dedicated to who represents women well and is fearless in taking on those who do not. Slange!
Anyone have a car for sale? lol
Thank you for the props keep up the good work. Still see you on NFL Films every now and then.....
Clickbank Simple Tips - Clickbank vs Paydotcom, Which To Choose
Thank you! Summer is all $$$ no books -.- haha
Of all the words of mice and men, the saddest are, "It might have been."
#ICantStandPeople WHo Have Low Self-Esteem
it's stressful. go bulls.
What does rock music, a rabbit, drumming circles, fire dancers, puppets, projections, a band, & blood have in common? Come find out Friday!
Can't we just cuddle all night
It's Christmas Eve? #wtf?
spent most of it taking antibiotics and sleeping!
no problem <3
Love it!! RT : Started car, radio on; 3yo says "Is this 'news that matters?'" Why, yes it is. Thanks !
thanks man and you too finish strong
lol give me time i have an ap test manana
Haha fine then, bitch
Sean McGrath killed it, Levi Ware is currently killing it, and Brad Loomis and the Resonance is about to kill it.
#titletalk Looking for fiction K-5 books to support healthy choices around food exercise
James Taylor kind of afternoon.
Been running the Win 8 preview for more than a month, but just learned some neat tricks from a MSFT presentation. Win+X FTW.
34 games in for the Tigers.....so when do they turn on the switch?
STRESS TO THE MAX.
Cool Tip re: New Facebook Look - You Can "Star" a Post & This Will Give You The Full Width Of Your Facebook Page & Also "Pin" It To The Top.
Finally get to see my grandpa :) love him so much
Tomorrow is the big day. Watch the news for Cops Fighting Cancer's toy drop at Children's Hospital with 150 cops delivering 1,000 toys!
Lmao people have so much to say about others before actually looking at themselves first.
got my cart all ready... Just have to wait til payday! Lol
Lmfao send me this
AHAHAHAHAHAHA I was not expecting that XD New ringtone!!!!
All time low Lostprophets Rise against Whispering. I'm coming home
An example of duress would be someone forcing someone to commit a bank robbery or face being shot and killed.
I fear you might be right...
i'm so glad i've seen the light
Cyber Monday Sale! $399.00 dynamic website with FREE hosting and domain registration for 1 year.
lmao cuz u wen 'ah' like when people let out a huge fart haha
OMM. Yes . but tomorrow i have to get off soon. in like 3 min ill ask my uncle if i can stay on longer
What is on #romney's american flag lapel pin?
El Salvador baby!! Let's get it!!
hehe glad I'm not alone. Also we should all meet up for drinks/happy hour soon!!
how did your presentation go?
About to do a yoga workshop. Then jetties for my weekly treat and then home to chill for the night!!!
Watching my close friend reveal herself on Holy moly! It is awesome Sarah!
aggressive on a tues night .. I want stories
I noticed that too! Are our fans just that much more chatty than others? Or is this a sign of some awesome news?!?
Rinne got interference Kay
Thanks - We're psyched.
Start working on you since you don't think your job values you.
Guten Morgen new followers Welcome to our twinning tweets!
♬ RIP Davy Jones ♬You will be missed
Cyclops is right across the street from me now. We use Belltown Pizza as the last stop. Great peeps and yummy slices.
thanks for the follow!
Merry Christmas to all my Followers!!! Aloha and Mabuhay!!
The movie Take Me Home Tonight did not have the song Take Me Home Tonight in it.
It was a blast and I learned a lot. Thanks for pairing!
RT - Pronostico de Super Bowl XLVI: New Orleans Saints vs New England Patriots.
I always forget that hype doesn't always equal anything at all. Some bands are just boring.
snuggle snuggle snuggle
I think it's because I'm on my iPad... Or maybe it's the apple product?
El Pastor would like to thank everyone for the culturally rich weekend. Everyone will be updated on coming events momentarily...
have you read E. Childers Riddle of the Sands? Good sea / spy adventure.
Gonna try to sleep( hopefully ) !!!!!!!
please do!
I think Arya Stark and Sally Draper should be friends that rule the world.
Done! Paper submitted, heading home from work. Too bad I have an 80 hour week!
was great... Even tho I sprained my ankle :(
Happy mother's day sluts
- hopefully more art museums will provide such services.
Those folks at have no imagination.
That's great news. I keep all my receipts from everything I can't wait to c how much we get to write off
thank you. I would love to schedule a call and pick your brain on ways to monetize calls.
indeed RT : A: () Collab internally... Participation is huge w/user behavior & citizen engagement (!!).
My mom <3
same here
Sidenote , #SLS12 is trending...Again! Keep it up
have to check that out! My last two trips so short that I have not branched out.
Hello, world, I'm back on twitter!!!)))
“As one person I cannot change the world, but I can change the world of one person.” - Paul Shane Spear
110 The Gate first floor lounge at 12-- Table Talk on Twilight-- Team Edward or Team Jacob?
Happy Resurrection Day!!!!!
oh my gosh! You have words with friends? Can I play with you? :-)
I'm strangely intrigued
Would you partciipate in an online workshop to get the most out of your next Disney Vacation?
Chilly-O Dance Party on 5/22 This Tues Free with invite or $10 Ladies Free before 12.
Believe me I'll never be perfect so take me or leave me
oh Louis. That was an obvious one with the carrots haah.
Because putting the table of contents in the back of the book helps how?
I like my country rocking how about you ? ;-) so excited for tonight
i should have but it was a big test if i failed i will have to have reading next year i dont want it loll
Actually, Thomas had 27 with 7 threes, according to Playmakers coach Sean White, in 59-49 win over ECI Prospects.
yo ass silly
Happy to take over cocktail duty => Anyone hav a cloning machine? 1 of me isn't enough 4 all the sessions, meetings, cocktails...
Excited to be hanging with my man tonight! Don't think I've seen him since Sunday!
I know but still
Liverpool will never walk alone. Which is good, because these days, the club needs a couple shoulders to lean on.
Go Syracuse! BTW, hard not to appreciate Billy Donovan. He is a classy guy!
Wet nails = eating popcorn with a spoon = girl's night!!!
Congrats dude
Awww :( *gives you a head massage* there..all better!
Will do! By the sounds of it, it is probably going to be later rather than earlier, which may or may not be better for you
Pretty awesome that Thor was Captain Kirk's daddy. Not so cool that his late Captain was the man that took Tony Stark hostage.
I so believe this is the hottest day we've ever had in Miami! #scorching 
how about your home grown social network. What was it called ?
Can't wait to see at the Beacon Theater tonight! SO PSYCHED!
Yup, only rivaled by Jock Jams........
. "I love you from the bottom/of my pencil case" - The Beautiful South
I'm in LA now! Are you taking care of ? You know how he gets himself into situations...HAHA!
Thank you much! So glad to hear my musical passions are having a positive effect on people! Cheers and all the best
Great! Looking forward to seeing you all up here. Looks like #ASC12 has been fun!
Looking for a special place to spend St. Patrick's Day? We will have several special cocktails and NO green beer or little plastic hats.
going to a party right now.!(;
Happy Birthday Nigga Bro ! Have A Great &Fun Day ! Love You Mamas ! :) :D XD
I hesitate to attribute the oversight to malice or intent but it seems easy to propagate a false, plausible story.
Thanks Matt. We love having you in the Tribe.
great idea, ever considered a career in counseling? my self esteem is through the roof right now (unlike me)
We're interested in doing an interview with and wanted to know who to contact to proceed further!
putting together the reading list for 2011. What books do you want to read this year?
Wolf, PLEASE start a conversation about abolishing the electoral college! It would be really nice if EVERY vote counted. TY.
People be acting like smoking weed is a sin this days
Spanish, british, french voices cheering for this game makes me think about the awesome unity of heaven..maybe just tired & hyper-spiritual
so much for "safeway " living up to its name in Arizona, huh?
In Seattle & love UFC? Well, you should be following !!!!
Amen to whatever you say God
And don't forget the old "overused buzzwords" post. It's best of breed.
I'm only in town for one night so let me know if you down to ride
Shane going hard but getting tired but he not giving
Why was I holding that vegetable? The Iron Chefs are somewhere shuddering at the sight of this..
I'm great. I'm in the office rather be enjoying this great weather :)
And thanks 2 all who played, including , & Set ur alarm for noon next Tues 4 another chance to win
& were really AWESOME! Great performance, you deserve a great future! Happy of have heard you :)
Hello Sun! Very frosty morning. Lots of housework today. Dog park excursion later. Labrador rolling in frost.
She's amazing on the dancefloor
Have you checked out VDOT's Facebook Page? If not, you are missing something www.Facebook.com/VirginiaDOT
Oh California traffic, how I've missed you so!!!
In a word: wisdom. A1.
Everyone should follow
Thank you Palm Desert for another great hang!
Fuck I want my key!!!
Is it even possible to own too much John Paul II memorabilia?
I think it just means I'm a basket-case sometimes. But honestly, it's great to be back. :)
Tierrasanta concerns were addressed by Rik tonight at Chinese Church. 20+ res's showed 2 canc'l CD7 debate.
Can you help me study for a midterm?
it's available on browsers too ;) good to see ya this weekend
On the bright side, I hope that means 2003 is coming up!
..well, have to say, I was never one to follow..and rules need to have that ring of truth, feel me? Or that would be a "no", sorry-
- congrats to you all. Enjoy the day!
I was on the services at the Crystal Cathedral this morning - lots going on there, but still, a gorgeous place to sing! Glad I was here. :)
thank you! Following you now, follow back to stay in touch.
mommy wars are so 2011.
Well I did not make it to the next round but thank you so much to everybody who helped!! You guys are amazing I <3 you all!!:)
How can gas go down 5cents, but goes back up 10cents, crazy!
With just 15 hours remaining until our 2012 Climb on March 24th, we have raised $123,279.28. That's 91% of our goal of $135,000
On this day in 1862, an engagement at Apache Canyon in the New Mexico territory foreshadowed the Battle of Glorieta Pass two days later.
I am number four.
ChrisLillywhite no problem! Enjoy your evening!
You should go out then! Have a Rita on us! ;)
Nashville Predators beat Detriot Red Wings in 5 games. It was crazy there last night. Im looking forward in the next series and have ticket
If you're having trouble managing your life I recommend reading 'Getting Things Done' by David Allen
lucky you when?
happy st. Pattys day
Living the Amish lifestyle, while creating AI...Interesting,
Sunday, September 19 @ 5 PM | Question Reality on LA Talk Radio | Randy Bailey | Reality TV Star of "Survivor" | www.latalkradio.com | Ch.1
Ayy, you just wait til the end of the year, i bet imma get my 5 bucks cause me and her are still not friends lol
nun just woke up :/ tired
Thank you for the LOVE! What do you do? Are you a magician? Where do you perform? Share with all other shasticians!
no chance he take questions. that would cut into his next workout!
Nah real talk. She caught a stray bullet. She is in a wheel chair. She's good though. I just try to spend time with her.
snack..snack..snack..edit pics..edit pics...beer..beer..beer.. :)
I woke up to love from lolol
well gee thanks ! you going to school out there?
Moss always looks great in practice because there's no adversity in practice.
A day of tiny defeats: burnt tongue, missed subway stop, (polite) interview decline from John Waters.
I'll be fine☺
There Goes The Neighborhood
Good night I love you
Lake Louie will be debuting four-packs of limited-release beers this June. First up: Radio Free IBA, a black IPA.
Help me, Boise. Seeking a compassionate dentist w/a good chairside manner. Laughing gas a plus. Esp. Interested in women dentists.
Preparing for a looooonnnng day! I'm gonna need some coffee to get through this :)
bronson you know duane wilson is better than you right?
Encountering awkward Indian guy at the mall < < <
RT Great night at the #HHAwards last night. I've been so lucky these past 2 yrs to work w/so many awesome people on inspiring shows.
Hello summer in LA. A beach day may be in order soon.
are ya guys having spaghetti after the voice? Is that why Kristina is wearing a colander for a hat!?
and the fb thing is funny as hell I think.. But I'm gonna lay off with all that.. Face to face is more fun
You Guys Are My Everything Without You I Would Have Noone To Look Up To :))))) RT <3
I won my game, so I'd say it was a good night!
Mellow Mushroom >>>
RT : Miss or not, Kobe would have took that shot...
Really? Who has plans? RT Survey: Only 40 Percent Of Marketers Are Using Google+, But Many Plan To Change That by
you could be out on the streets. Ya know backroads & such(:
rain does seem to bring out the worst in DC area drivers....!
Hey thanks for follow, that is a really weird description you use
Ann Wolpert continues to advocate for and toasts the future of this extraordinary univ press. curiosity is incurable!
A girl gains 3 points on my scale if she can run fast.
Colorado Honor Band, a music group for kids, is having a concert on Sat. 7/17 at Clement Park in Littleton- Come!
RT : this is bigger than Super Bowl 2 us...UNC TARHEELS vs DUKE DEVILS
Have a beautiful late/early morning all u glittering twittering sweetly glimmering twitterverse people. Blessings and love to U!
If she never mentioned ur name on any network she prolly not claiming u
I know, it's a follow friday, as in telling my other followers to go follow you. And I'm thanking you for following me :)
So happy I've finally watched "party down"... its making working this bat mitzvah much more enjoyable somehow...
aight. Hit my email when ur done bro.
im bored, i felt like tlking on the phone but now im sleepy lbs
Want my own place with my rules and my stuff
Newborn Hurt In Minivan Crash Into Building
ANNOUNCING LATE NIGHT HAPPY HOUR ON ALL GAME DAYS!! From 9-close & excluding Sundays since we're only open till 2 :) cheers -LR
WINE-down Thursdays! all wine bottles are $20 tonight TELL US, How do you wine down?!
Today's Magic Relationship Word is: PASSION
vomit-y. that's what it would be like.
Wow...just gettin off Roosevelt redline and is already kickin!!
I'm not so upset at the fact that I have the exam, im upset at the fact that I have to go to class afterwards.
I wish i had the Power To ignore You. Like You ignore Me..
Please say a prayer for me. Having some heart issues. :-/ I'm in God's hands though...best place to be! :)
Lots of people out and about in downtown Portland. Nice to see. Step it up city of Louisville.
Need a Thursday night pick-me-up? Try our stuffed shells w/ garlic bread, salad, & small drink for only $7+tax.
you're welcome! always nice to hear when somebody likes our articles, thanks!
It never fails. I drink a white Russian and all the sudden I need to go bowling.
Get that white chocolate shit money bitch!!
Why be in a relationship if you want to act single?
I've got it!!! The prefect combo of sexy & scary. ;-) Happy Halloween!!!
Fueling up then off to brave the crowds for holiday shopping
hey hun how u holding up im far from a superstar im still trying 2 reach 4 the stars in my hood lol
“: Thunder are making the Lakers look like some P.E. All-Americans!” HAHAHAHA!!!!! So true!!
who wants to skype me?
I used to luv tweeting...but now I never tweet
Nine more hours to go....
Queen Pins Bowling Shirt Costume
“: "I'm not saying that she's easy, I'm just saying that she's been under more sheets than the K"”dammmmmmmmmmmnn
Somebody please pinch me because I think Im dreaming!!! :)
Some people told the sheriff's department that the loss were "unruly."
lo thanks for being nice about it
Let's have a Twisted Thursday with Miss Twist Ice Cream !!!!!!!
Hey ladies please check out my youtube channel if you want to learn how to do makeup :) please subscribe and comment.. more videos to come
#FridayReads The Borrower by Makkai - adventures of a rogue librarian. Is there any other kind?
Unpacking my suitcase and doing late night laundry
How does a football player make phone calls? On a touch-down phone.
This work day is dragging!!!! :D Ain't that wonderful......
nothing needs to make sense. feeling is more important.
I am good
I left the Isles Omaha game, made a lil before the game broke up, it will probably get going again later, maybe I'll go back tonight
OMG WHAT WHAT SLAP THAT LLAMA YOUR DAD OMG HOW COULD HE
Let the Games begin
I kinda see that, I think the problem is an overall lack of fundamental values and sense of community
compromising the safety and integrity of ANY country or nation is considered TREASON!!!
Brewers win AGAIN!!! Wuhoo!!!!!
dude. Over 30 to be announced!
what's up?
What can I say? The kid basically created the "get discovered via " musician marketing plan- Gotta respect that:)
Holiday hugs to all!
Time the fuck out...iCarly is ending?! Excuse me while I go cry myself to sleep.
Just got an evo for Xmas. I believe that just about slams the door shut on the 20th Century.
"What would you have done if i kicked you in the balls?" "Said fuck you I'm eating a snickers"
alright, quick brain break before I move on to finishing this doc...
Happy Monday!
thanks for sharing! Hope you are well!
feel better hun :-[
oh ok...hope pops come thru for you!! Good luck!
Come back to me
#NICKISGREATESTPUNCHLINES Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
I really want to go to concert in LA! ♥
No bike ride today, thunderstorm warning! Destructive hail, 60 mph winds, deadly lightning heading my way.
Much Love
I'm sorry... Doneguys can be such asses...
The Troops Want #RonPaul! Vote for Ron Paul tomorrow #SouthCarolina ! Do the right thing.
"Haters let ya know your doin something right" :) Happiest girl on earth!! :) :) :)
#quotes Every creature is better alive than dead, he who understands it will rather preserve its life than destroy it. Henry David Thoreau
“: I'm suprised so many ppl are shocked at how the women on #BBW act when I know several that act as they do in real life
RT Down and Derby tonight at the Beauty Bar! See you there! 10pm. More info at www.downandderby.org
Sex you UP ! #BoredAF Oan: I can't get him out my head.... <3
fucking sweet! What timeish any idea?
oh hi lol
Like most people I can be lazy, so it's nice to have a goal or deadline or reason to work out
this song makes me think of ;D "I Wanna Be Bad" <3
RT I didn't buy and EOS rebel not to take pictures of something like this..
This school is lame
it looks like the photo was taken out west. Maybe he has trouble with high altitude. Dunno why he picked the neon blue one
#Mavs need to make every open look and build back up a lead as Lebron is going to be very well rested for the 4th quarter.
Bruins are awesome...
Craving some Pepsi...
Don't victimize yourself, you're just setting yourself up for failure.
Got my flu shot today. Guess it's time for the weather to get colder.
A friend is always good to have, but a lover's kiss is better than angels raining down on me.
hahaha you're right! I needed to correct that to say *almost all
Who's tryin to type these papers for me?
Diversification of ideas to social problems can happen through multiple charities and not put it on the govt.!!
Saturday morning sounds like train track building and the washing machine, pretty peaceful.
: the lion burns before sunrise Sunday.
I wish I loved running as much as I love pizza.
so I disagree with u watching triple h documentaries...I disagree w/ him even having one -_- lol
I think a re-make of The Sting is in order casting Brad Pitt and Robert Downey, Jr. Think I should move to casting. Agreed?
A couple of facts about #models 1) They don’t look like that in real life. 2) Models consume very few calories compared to most people.
ask for a follow...i really dont want to break 800 because its even, so if you want a follow...you must ask.
dead to this world I'll make it on my own.
Did you know that a cholesterol-free burrito exists? Just choose Veggie, lose the cheese, and ask for Mild Salsa instead of dressing.
Hated on so much passion of the Christ need a sequel - the game
I am so happy for Austin, but I miss the times when he had more time to spend with us. Especially his ustreams.<3
Johnson's pick for most influential composer of the 20th century: Igor Stravinsky
:) its such a great night glad tomorrows friday only 2 days left at cbz veryy sadd but got A new job
In 1888, an Egyptian peasant discovered an estimated three hundred thousand mummified cats in Beni Hassan, Egypt
Vargas looks good. The boy got some heat.
RT : RT : Your Help is Needed to Restore Critical Funding for MCC's Adams Arts Program....
Please follow, i follow back :)
Mayweather being accompanied by Bieber is pretty ridiculous
did you see our video?
INSPIRATIONAL LEADER: !!! RT : Who are your #Clippers heroes of the series if you had to name 4 like I just did?
“: Making texting while driving illegal was dumb. Everyone still does it, now they are texting and also trying not to get caught.”
you already kno bro. I just wanted to know im headed in the right direction. Might fuck around and finish it tonite lol
Not a fan of the NHL seeding system either. Completely ridiculous. FLA only has 9 more wins than NHL's worst team (CBJ).
To reflect the value placed on collaborative research, USC must develop fair and consistent standards in assessing work
On my way to #giveluckachance to see and
The first is "ladies night" with a HUGE selection of fine and costume jewelry (new and vintage), clothing, shoes, accessories, etc.
Don't date wild hogs they're a bore
You tried. RT : I thought MTN was going to slay too. RT : Wow, I thought Where Have You Been was going to slay.
!_!.|- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
sat sept 24 my bday party going down @ club 241 in bx 4637 White plains rd. Mention it for me please and thanks. :-)
PPL is busier than ever which is why we need your help! Please give to our annual fund securely at www.portlandlibrary.com/donate. Thanks!
Happy birthday! You're anazig'
thank you. i think so too. :) xoxo
Check out-husband or wife-REMIX summer anthem @ ft FWM wuddup
Looking forward to the lunch and learn session with !
Gravitas is great for promoting a false air of intelligence.
Now following follow back 😊
Senior is off to Phoenix for casting today!
Good #boxing and #ground workouts the last couple of days.
Of course!Keep up gr8 work!
Every time you complain about people comparing THE AVENGERS to TDKR you're just continuing the conversation. Let's just stop.
What happens on the road..stays on the road.. *giggles*
can I get a 70 foot head start?
Gotch ya. The one I have is more IT, than dev
What's worse: living above a guy who blares Red Hot Chili Peppers all the time, or living above the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Money make the world go around
happy to see you are tweeting again (and had a great time on the cruise!), i was having withdrawal symptoms :)
Jealous! sounds awesome. Live tweet! Live tweet! Live tweet!
I am the technology director at a private pk-8 school in Memphis, TN.
Got to love the Bond we have !!! go check them out they are a must have for every girl
haha that sounds like fun :)
Free hot dogs! Look for our booth now next to Pioneers Museum. And while you're there, let's talk issues.
Listening to music in my own world 😌
Put your hands all over me.
avengers with the parents
I think wealthy individuals should be drug tested before they are eligible to receive their tax breaks.
Sound tweet 3 - discovered Purisima Creek south of Half moon bay - nice melodious creek. Boys voices discovering creek creatures.
I think UNC is done if they don't get their point guard back!
that's certainly been our experience. I wonder whether that is mainly because we humanists just don't know them?
How about Chandler?
I know.
Seriously, though, always good to hear how the leaders in the field approach thinking about things.
I really hope women aren't participating in No shave November...
I'm guessing the same people with toning shoes also have a "Shake Weight", acai berry products and a "Slender Shaper". Morons.
LOL Good Morning Baby Girl :)
what? Only your first? Stop lying ;)
Off to the bowling alley for some fun. I'm going to count it as my cardio for the day : )
Came to Starbucks to study but I'm tweeting-texting-talking-shopping-getting free refills instead.
my favorite place to play
Thanks Liz it was great hosting you and all the impressive group at the quarter
"Goodnight Fred" -Dad "What did you call me?" -Me "Fred..." -Dad
The morning northbound Redline blows chunks. (will complaining make it come faster?)
South Park Street Pizza Hut serving campus great deals on great Pizza and Wings.
Tutoring for K-12th grade students Adult Classes also available!! We are a CA State approved Supplemental Educational Services Provider
You do the most and the least
Kobe is #MVP! I don't care what anyone says!
yeooo you can rap ode!! keep up the good work! you way better than these wanna be rappers at my school!!
I agree definitely liked the contents, good catch I think Halperin took him up on their offer...
the best blunt ill ever smoke is when im in the crowd watching A$AP perform... itz going down
We will be auditioning DJs for a special event so if you or any of your friends are looking for an opportunity MSG us!
: sure thing -- congrats!
His lowkey ass need to come back out
Getting ready for the VSAE Fall Marketplace in Richmond!!
45 minutes til departure. And december Indian summer NYC
Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight
For the record, I'm not hurt CJ left, doesn't matter who it was for. I'm not a bitter fan that feels betrayed. In my book, he is ...(cont)
Ken Starr, you sonuva...
fund-a-mental... j squared x driving range... do the math...
I want cheese on mine
Up and out early today. My lil sis graduating from NorthEastern University today. Bout to check out this ceremony.
oh, I think sometimes he thinks about knocking an easy chance wide or just whiffing (at Norwich, when thankfully RVP cleaned up)
Construction upstairs sounds like it's being conducted by a mournful Wookie.
My favorite phrase at #Walgreens: there is no waiting in cosmetics.
Follow back?
same to you.
all please ask your friends to follow me so twitter will alow me to follow more people so i can follow you back
Happy Birthday!
David Baker @ the NEA Awards mentioned Elvin Jones' recording in 1972. Guess who the bass player was? Yea, Lieb. I'm thrilled at Ur success.
Shows every morning in Times Square this week at 11am for camps and school groups with Woo hoo!
My customers know that their customers appreciate a safe clean storefront free of gum dirt and grime.
If you smell smoke, don't worry, that's just my kitchen on fire.
Nervous. RT If you had to describe yourself as a child in one word, what would it be?
Old school pencil sharpener! :)
Want to talk faith? Here's what I believe in. This state. My home. The ability of its people to care for strangers and neighbors.
Members Card Dodgers ML -105 (50 units)
Thanks to #ChinaAnneMcClain, star of "Ant Farm" for her 5 STAR review of Actsophia Lite - "It helped me be an actress I got the part!"
can you please follow me?
“: Sally, we know you're a Souper reporter! You don't need to wear it on your sleeve...” Don't taste the soup!
He is the worst one ! He talks to all these girls who are bestfriends , like they're not gonna tell each other
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.(:
Just when you think things can't get any worse they do Rock bottom is good solid ground and a dead end street is just a place to turn around
good meeting you at bunk. Check us out at www.thecyclesaloon.com
Woo hooo ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Rather be with my bub than a fourth wheel...ugh
I swear ya Ghurl can show out in the kitchen
I Hate Hospitals
Way too many people on twitter are "killin it" right now!!! That is so "epic"
Q4 Socializing can be challenging, what pat phrases do you use to get out of awkward "food situations"?
I'm from PGH too, where we wave at strangers who smile and climb in those crumbing factories and turn them into new things
omg I sware math is not the same without u !!!!!!
Good night my dear followers! *kisses*
Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer. Romans 12:12
Why don't we make fun of people's voices more often?
TOMORROW is the night! Cleveland #Critical #Mass Halloween Ride!!! Come enjoy a great time with Cleveland's coolest people!
Less than one week until we headline a 17+ show at Subterranean with ¡Outernational! (). Hosted by from
Getting paid to do nothing.....
I'm sorry but I've always been supporting And I don't want them to leave
get well soon Big Red!
same here! get well soon!
Lowkey it surprises me how oomf is highly religious
I was having visions of where/ how far this could go.
Creates jobs in the US.
Missing #NCAAFOOTBALL when the only thing on the gym is a Nic Cage movie
Giants Thrilled to Land Rueben Randle - New York Times (blog)
When you find shit out after the relationship/friendship is over <<<
The Titan Agency Selected as Agency of Record for Mortgage Provider Generation Mortgage
great. great. spent time with the fam. now school has started
Thanks for putting a smile on my face, friends. Hope you're having a good day!
New Years is quickly approaching! What plans do you have for your New Years celebration? (PG responses would be appreciated :P )
think you have been hacked...getting spam DMs from you. :(
What's a motto? Nothing what's a motto with you?
Emmy Lou is still one of my fav live music experiences. Outdoors in Winnipeg before a crazy storm + northern lights
Die in a fire, Google Chrome.
I love Soup Otzie's now, too! Love. them. Fabulous beef stroganoff soup with huge whole wheat roll (log!)
man!!!! Those are hella ugly!!!
Paramore Is My Number One trending worldwide <3
I'm having one of those moments where you need someone to say something but they don't and you feel hopeless.
Today? home opener, then, game. Yes.
Today's Pearl: Gratitude is the best attitude. What are you grateful for?
Sorry all, our website was under construction the past few days.. Prizes from the Halloween Photo Contest will be awarded ASAP!
if you were to play for a NFL team, what team would it be?
They'll be out by 2014 or so.
work interview tomrrw (x wish me luck!!
MT And I thouhgt it was only age RT : RT Eating foods with high fructose corn syrup zaps memory and brain power.
Hi people :)
Thanks to Lucille Milne for supporting our production!
y so serious calm down xD
Why my teachers always making us mail stuff to people.
Who online #teamxbox add me #gamertag #Will J 545
Going to bed , got stupid ass school tomorrow .
oh girl, do I have a story for you...! can't wait for tonight!
I know! I was hoping the #canucks would make it a bit longer; what are you doing with no hockey? : )
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
Crab Crib 5820 Johnnycake Rd # 100, Baltimore, MD 21207 we have small, medium, large, jumbo hot steamed crab and more...
what do I say??
Thanks for the #FF !
Swing by Philly and enjoy some delicious, small batch ! We'd love to give you a tour.
O will be watching!
using a laser arm scanner, photos will be taken for color via postprocess
I certainly don't care & you shouldn't either BUT is reporting that ricky martin is not getting married.
Thank God for: sweet tea, country music, 80 degree weather, and the South. Amen 🎀
sad huh....on digital billboards all over the state!
when nani gets home from practice he's gonna be so surprised 😂😂
Fiona, Now that is a fabulous pun!
Can you follow? I want to DM you a quick question...
Why be afraid?
I LOVE YOU GUISE SO MUCH, OKAY. JUST REMEMBER THAT.
Say what? Twitter says we're following you. Hmm?
AvaHost Web Hosting Presented a New Easy-To-Use Site Builder. - Houston Chronicle
caught you at blue note last yr...studied w/Peter at MSM...been a fan for years. Congrats on all!!! :)
: I'm sorry to hear that. I get posterior tibial tendinitis all of the time.
Hey there, (kiranveeranki), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
What's absent is tone of voice and nuances of communication that are important as you develop.
That would be dope. I can't decide on where to go this year though, so many options
I'm bout to eat dinner yeah I said dinner
This tweet is making a serious statement.
I think i just broke #etsy. My bad.
LA's Concept Fashion Week! We're so excited!
Anyone know where I can find a creative commons or otherwise free-to-use, newsprint quality image of Jessica Sanchez?
Nevermind, I'll find someone like you.
Hurt me with the truth, don't comfort me with a lie
shorts? It snowed today...
Some days, tucking in time is the best part of the day... sleep well.
There's a lot of Latin music I do like. Mariachi... not so much....
S/O to my newest follower following back now
babysitting then Boston with 😁👍❤
Id never thought I would ask anyone this but would u marry me
you deserve it! This weekend took a toll on me, but my do I love seeing you out and about!
you know what it is
shout out to Keith! What up my friend?
Oh I forgot all about that movie.
Breathing in the beauty of the day.
are you happy 7 days left untill its christmas ?
haha me either. If I win $2 I'm gonna get excited haha
20 girls all done up cocktail style- a lil too much vodka, that's what we call a bachelorette party!
anything for you
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
I'm still sick but my room is nasty<
yeah. goodnight everyone
I showered first
This!! >>>> “ #TwitterHasTaughtMe Ppl who said they fuck with u really dont”
It would be smart to visit or go to a camp there first and if you like it then you'll know it would be good for you(:
Yet another accomplishment for Anthony Davis, the NCAA freshman record for blocks in a season.
follow me cunthead
Rain. Wind & Snow. Be careful driving out there! The 1st of 3 systems from the Gulf of Alaska just in time for the weekend...Brrrrr...
Like a lot of things in life, when you put the gloves on, it's better to give than to receive. Sugar Ray Leonard
superpal has 0 tweets to his name—because even reading his true voice would cause you to spontaneously combust.
We couldn't think of a better reason to visit SF, Kurt! What are you looking forward to most about the conference?
Highlight of last night was my friend Nicole winning Zamboni driving lessons. She had that on her bucket list. :)
Bring it!
Negativity is contagious. Negative energy surrounding you will have an impact on you sooner or later. Keep your surroundings positive.
I love you (:
Calculus, music, calculus, music..which to work on
The Piedmont Chinese Association will be hosting their Lunar New Years festival at the mall from 2-4 today!
ahh...the good old days.
Seriously this bitch can't even take care of her own baby and she is pregnant again!! I had to buy the baby food and diapers
I was so disappointed when I read an interview in which the actor said he actually HATES cherry pie.
thanks for coming to the Online Community Manager's meetup. c u !
Good morning friends!!!!!
poor baby!
Razorback baseball at 5:30 Go Hogs beat Florida!!
as long as you get ther lol how is youre day going so far
Juliette Gordon Low believed passionately that girls should have the same opportunities as boys.
Ah thunderstorm!!! This rain is nuts!! There are like foot deep puddles!
I dunno, I don't have a problem with him because he's not a great coach. Great recruiter, so I don't like that.
NATE KAEDING K CHARGERS CURRENT K
I treat myself to the "good stereo" cranked up with favorite music so it's more enjoyable.
Thanks, Andy!
Thanks, I think I'll need some luck! Many people recommend being a specialist in iOS development. I want that to be Core Audio for me
After further review: #Blake Griffin's 'dunk' wasn't a dunk...more like a curveball...slider...
can I borrow her this weekend? I've got a few hundred thousand for her to go to town on.
Psycho Circus retained their titles. Also Octagon &amp; La Milicia turned on La Parka. Bizarros made save. La Parka rudo run likely over
49ers reward GM Trent Baalke with a 3-year contract extension.
yes. just chillin
Executive order!
What up, Amanda? Hoping your smiling big & making A LOT of noise in NY! Looking forward to hearing what you're up to, boo!!
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
So many men, so few who can afford me
follow me pleaaaaaaaaaassssee
Feel a little bad for cheering against Duke, but very happy to see #Lehigh beat the Blue Devils.
your account is sending spam.
It really is funny! Denny wants to try it on the boy too :-)
stop spamming, spammer.
RT : In papers filed today, #LaurieFine is suing , Mark Schwarz and Arthur Berko for libel.
Will you follow me too? Thanks! <3 love mad makeup skills!!!
i played fable 2 one time and i thought i married a grimy looking person until my kid turned out to be black.
Save 20% on All Peanut Free Sweet Tooth products! Use PromoCode JULY4. Happy 4th of July! Valid until July 4th. www.peanutfreesweettooth.com
Fire Alarm in the #Bellagio right now #WTF I was walking thru he lobby. Moving on to the #Aria now.
Wow Derrick Rose is out of the playoffs after tearing his ACL.
thanks for the invite! Rock onward!
You Down for the Cause?
#homelessyouth Eric Rice, USC data supports use of cell phones and internet: vital tools 4 re-unification, housing, jobs
seriously city gov, my street is the streetwalkers toilet. Lower CV is a disgrace
thank you luol keep giving me reasons to keep believing! Great game love you guys
Had that sweet jump-back midrange jumper too. You can't defend that.
i am counting down the hours til i see you saturday! <3 xoxoxo
Games that look good in College Hoops on Sundayto cover the spread are Wisconsin, Temple, and Ohio State. Good Luck and Happy Hunting! Coach
i aint gon neva text lol or omg or smh all that fuck shit come up with sum new shit strictly for my N's
No wonder the iPhone 4GS sucked....Steve Jobs was too busy dying
Yeah for elementary teachers!
hey can you come on a trip to Colombia with me?1
well he's 11 lbs now and will get between 60-75 lbs so roughly 6x bigger haha
Loss today was a complete team meltdown, can't lay that just on Orton.
When the bank calls, i feel like the bitch from Scream, answering the phone for someone who's trying to kill me, lol
Let's close them out tonight boys!
One of these times I expect the braces wearing teen to punch her invisalign wearing sister in the face.
was just thinking of calling my mom to see if she wants to come.down. With the hound dog its hard.to go to Md.
Thanks for the follow Bryan!
Mattress shopping is always fun......
Next thing you know we'll find out that Lindzi's Mom's first name is Fonda!
RT Lmfao at everyone that is working out to and are now walking like a dinosaur xD
was looking at me & she dropped half her food Lmfao I'm that gorgeous :)
Thank u Uncle Kent 4 teaching me 2 always ask 2 speak to some1 at the top. Cust service @ the US Dept of Ed is like talking to a brick wall.
RT if you're online!
'Abdu'l-Bahá is conducting a lengthy private interview this morning.
I need to get my brows done ASAP!!!
Can't wait 'til next weekend? Come see at the STUFF store in downtown Delaware tonight from 5pm to 8pm.
I had a lot of good intentions but I wasted them on people who didn't deserve them.
11.15.1938: Any Jewish students who are still attending German schools are expelled.
Who wants a Happy Hour this Friday?! Tweet us the Places Page URL to your favorite #HH spot so we can decide on one!
WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT ACUTE LOWER BACK PAIN
we would love for you to review our product for your blog..message us your address at Thanks
The word "downtown" is wrong! It should have been "centertown" or "middletown".
lake park bistro
hey there!
#middleschoolmemories Dodgeball and not being a member of student council.
no prob ask for me and I'll make sure you are all set
make sure to follow our league's tweets at for all the news around the league
We want to give a shout out to everyone who voted us through Round 1 of Music City Mayhem! Thanks so much. Stay tuned 4 updates on Round 2!
staying mad at people ...#icantdothat >.<
Much respect to you Stephen for speaking the truth about ethnic sensitivity. Society's plagued with false racial discourses.
also if you have more than 3 kids, bring an extra adult.
Child seat or GTFO
wup bro, gave you a shot-out in a radio interview today!
Let Common catch Drake slipping lol
#WeWontWork if I have to pay for our dates all he time
Dunno bout it being the best..You may have gone for the opening but I'm going for the big closing and Snoop&Dre 4/20!
“: Love this! RT Thank you I got a friend to come today-he gave his heart to the lord!”
no thank you.
Squirrel on Ice age>>>
#cookingtip Use a potato ricer when making mashed potatoes. Cook potatoes without peeling, halve & then use the ricer. Huge time saver!
Probably so
hmm, I'm turning 47, not sure think its after 50...
I'm live with the boys on , now let's see what this 50 Shades of Grey is all about. ZenLive.tv
I'm going to pick up some Rocky Road for myself to make this evening's TV experience perfect!
Quickest way to break giving up swearing for Lent...watch the first half of the Wisconsin basketball game.
Did you end up riding this morning?
I Kant wait to travel
Couldn't figure out why my white jacket was all dirty and then I realized I was wearing it Thursday night
dylan's blog..
All I can think about is that loss
I'm now tweeting for work! Follow me !
So excited to bring the word tonight!
#ACFamilyMeeting Beautiful Mistake!
is the only person I know who says "many happy returns of the day" when he wishes someone a happy birthday. <3
feel better girl!! Sorry about your wrist!!
Follow me. I love your #Boyfriend cover!
Get off me world! I'm trying to stand up!
Is it that time of year already? #Ravens fans start to freak out only to later find that Ozzie knew what he was doing all along?
Gonna take her for a ride on a big jet plane. Gonna take her for a ride on a big jet plane <3
On my bully
Good running into you the other night my man, let's do some drinking soon!
that horrible moment when the story you've been planning for 2 days appears on the front page of today's paper. NO!
lmfao u knew it was comin!!! “ *waits for Lacey's tweet*”
Cold.. n sleepy.. but wide awake.. make since?
I know that would be a dream for him. I just hope that I get to work for him one day
20min power nap - GO!
Hooked up my get fresh partner in crime with a ma dukes tattoo for v day! woot!
great meeting you too! definitely tweet or email anytime :)
what does that even mean.
Haha.. can i watch remotely? uh.. bring your computer & webcam to the theater.. I can watch through your webcam! :-)
Sure. Where and when? Probably in the New Year is best.
Diamonds or Pearls??? Hm
You're welcome. At least you finally got ATL!
Work Hard, Play Harder.
you guys are fantastic!
they should start giving away tickets
lol. Love it
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...avoid interference...for some people HELPING them could be the most HARMFUL thing you can do
I love you so much even saying your name gives me the "love chills" :) <3
The grind starts now
Your life decisions make you who you are. You learn and grow with each choice you make and that's a good thing ~
Heavens Yes
Wishing everyday was a Saturday -_-
I know you're tough, but it must be hard to LOOK tough jogging with a turban. ;)
This is the deep and dying breath of this love that we've been working on.
you got hosed! Judges need to recognize! That was a 30 point dance!!
Love ppl who act hard on fb! Haha
the one I went to it was called palatitum idk but it was big idk if it's that one
Bears got lucky, freeman was coming back, fourth quarter comback is his specialty.
Lots to love! Have you been recently? Some great summer specials. #aromas in
Stop blaming the world for your problems when you yourself are the problems, but remember, you are also the solutions.
is that in a day or a lifetime of how long you spent on twitter
Remember folks, sign up for our newsletter in order to get specials and event notifications.
Great news!
what u doing over there
he wasn't very friendly so it could have been that he wanted to upsell.
I love
okay then
And I really miss talking to her too. We used to talk all the time about everything. I feel like I can't trust her any more.
so they could've reviewed it?
bray that my lil brother sir that just fucking wroge 😠
Crowd source question: when hostile emails are forwarded to you, how address the topic?
Happy mornin' everyone!
LOL, good call. : Looks like we're playing prison rules.
Currently reading The Wealth Cure by - So far so good!
Got a smile that'll hold you together & a touch that'll tear you apart.
Threw a football in the park and toured the Delta Queen ...so hungry for lunch
COME ON SHAYTARDS FAMILY LETS TREND
Excited to see Toyin in yr top 10 list! She exhibited at SOMArts as part of last year's Murphy & Cadogan awrds
No actors are!
Who's the new guy?
Dear followers: you can support by RTing today's bootcamp & deadline announcements. We've got 2 weeks to drive applications!
You're not alone. People think it's just like Arizona, but we're actually too high up for that kind of heat.
tell him they made a good decision :)
I still need to write it. Not sure quite yet which direction to take.
I'm tired of allot of mofos
It's 3am. Time for a diaper change. You are almost done. You don't realize your baby is peeing everywhere. You are indifferent.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! I WOOD START CRYING CAUSE OF HAPPINESS.... AND SCREAM MY HEAD OFF!!
Great meeting at headquarters
The 45th Infantry Museum Event will be an electric feel after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
how many people do you think will have the sudden urge to dial that number now? I know *I* had to restrain myself...
i'd love my jesus piece back. ur my idol and hero. id love to talk to you soon man. great show. fresh nikes the whole time
Spent an incredible day at the Innovation Leaders Forum in Boston. What a fabulous learning & networking experience!
I heart you :)
Thank you for the follow!
Anyone else from going to #sqlsat118 in Madison on the 21st?
thanks 4 following
Actually I was thinking. The topic of the one at 3:15 sounds a bit more interesting. I can cut my class few minutes early? You in?
- Here in Baja Ready to see the fights ... Can't wait...
I miss you,
Done! RT Follow the hilarious new host of LIVE!
we'll be in town for #nafa2012 this weekend! where's a MUST-visit dinner spot near the Renaissance St. Louis Grand Hotel?
One day I`m going to be on that show
just read that 44% of NC voters said no to #amendment1 so that's good news & means to me that
you aint gta wonder bout me wonder women
Finally no Monday morning blues! My teams all won this weekend! Happy Monday!
Op-ed "In the American Jewish dialogue on Israel, extreme polarization reigns. " What do you think
Wassup, Wassup, this you said u cudd sponsor me in ya magazine! Well HMU! How much it cost??
Thx for recent RTs: Hope you're having a mahvelous Monday!
Not sure when the shift happened, but all of a sudden I get most excited by aviation news and repins from my pinterest boards.
will be performing 9/11/09 at Mr. G's Cafe for Soul Cypher in Rahway, NJ. Then performing again on the 19th in the city
Checking out the tulip festival today. Looking forward to all the colors and smells.
I want that. And whatever you're drinking too.
Congratulations to Erbi Blanco-True from Great Florida Bank, winner of the 2012 AXA Businesswomen of the Year Corporate Award.
I love because, I LOVE MACS
Was interviewed last night for Rhino On Air by Hostess Beth Rosen in her Radio Show segment "Lights, Camera, Action!" Interview coming soon!
my apologies. I didn't even realize! Will you ever forgive me?
Today's my oldest daughters bday and tomorrow's mothers day..this weekend should be fun and expensive
Hey ! Don't mention my friends and me in the same tweet unless I ask you to.
"We men may say more, swear more: but indeed/Our shows are more than will; for still we prove/Much in our vows, but little in our love."
I know wait til they hear what we already did
Starting tonight we're offering 2 for $25 dinners every night! Come out & see us!
I think I broke my truck.
"Thank god for the county lines that welcome You back in when you were dying to get out. Thank god for hometowns."
So since you are taken I have a new crush on that Nats guy named Bryce Harper..think you can introduce? cc.
crazy security today at #neara11 VP Biden better give one heck of a speech
Cwells and Randy go walking and she be with tevy no time 4 b.
It's kinda sad that my big week revolves around the season premiere of "Glee"...yep, officially that lame.
Cathy Watson notes that young males want to talk to males at the clinic.
Getting my tonsils out in Jan. The Surgeon costs $575. The facility costs $3k. The anesthesia is pending. Gotta love our medical system...
You guys are cracking me up tonight. :--)
Chinese food for lunch.....deliciousness
I'd rather be hated for being honest than be loved for being fake.
ah, record keeping :-)
What time graduation start anyway?
Chris Vanderveen will sit down with Gov. John W. Hickenlooper on Wednesday. What questions would you like us to ask the Governor?
Come check out the band "tickle" great fun 9pm
retweets? I'm lucky to be tweeting......
Houstonians sign up for www.mydailydeals.com and they'll donate $1 to Lucky Dog Rescue (www.luckyrescue.org) for every email address.
i just watched all of your youtube videos, you guys are amazing! <3
“: Lol . that #awkwardmoment when says she hates her face yet she's gorgeous !” Thank you!!!😘
About to strangle she's a lesbian who eats my skittles
yes, please!
please follow me! Love you so much:*
haha yes i take a break when i'm sleeping or driving too ;)
Happy Holidays to all!!!
your never too nice
Six Principles Every International Negotiator Must Know: Concessions Easily ...: By Mladen Kresic, Published May 13, 2012 It's a worl...
FB bought it, shut it down
My sis say I'm Hollywood y'all. Follow her
We should eat barbecue. Too bad we live amongst the heathen, with no barbecue.
“: Ozolnieki Akin posted a photo: oh wow wednesday send your pics please to xitecontent; if not for the hair on her head, ht
I love you <333
Wonderful that you got to meet ! Loved "Pattern Recognition" - brilliantly fascinating. Looking frwrd to 0 History.
"Nobody can work harder than a Lynchburg College Hornet," says John Riley.
Whitney Gone???? RIP
Dreamt in the form of half an episode of Gangland. #Racine, WI, you dirty old girl, you've commandeered my subconscious.
I knew would never fire there dollar, I'm glad u lost wish u go to TNA brother!!! is holdin u back. bye "$"
Lou is a high volume, low percentage shooter
Peach sunset smoothie
I agree with Andy, very comparable to Stallis.
Ah #Unlv how i did not miss you this weekend in california lol
Good idea? In works? “ #downtown #parking #app...show what's open...compare costs...guide me to it w/ GPS.”
Why do I feel like I'm the only person in the world with season tickets and not at the game right now not fair
I think the community does a great job at defining specialness. It's worth asking them what they want!
Damn shame, then.
run in transition and get the ball to Billy White
Yet another snub Jules ! ;)
you're so welcome and thank YOU for reading!!
My last retweet was 31 days ago. Go look at my tweets and retweet them!
Joe's Stone Crab in t-minus 10 1/2 hours ... #CAN'TWAIT.
Tomorrow - April 25, 6-8PM: The Language of Experiment in Literary & Non-literary Writing. Held at 19 University Pl., Room 222.
Slugs and snails are after me
everybody has a chance with Bosh probably gone til the finals. But They still gon grind it out til that ring come
I almost literally spit took.... taked...
the winds of change are a-blowin'
Lol why everybody actin' like they never been to Walmart before ? Traffic just went up x20 in Kapolei -___-
Worst fucking pain in my life.
LOL you would fit in perfectly here in america! Do you also like cheese?
yeah, we do. Let's get together like Friday or something. I took a vacation day at work.
it's great I love it
Aaron Craft's cheeks make him look like he always had about a pint glass of Bushmills before tipoff.
Thank you so much, Tony!! That list is missing you! Have a wonderful end of week, my friend!
Catch tomorrow for Live at 9 (am) to see our Hard Rock Rising Memphis winners, perform April 17! RT
Content requires the same attention & iteration as development.—
What's wrong with bitl.y?
What's ur favorite drink to order?
feels good to run again after a month of sitting on my ass 👍
welcome back! we should grab a beer when you've settled in!
Hahahahah. Hey all you little children looking at this, don't fucking come close to them. LOLOL.
True. I hate Liverpool also. Was so happy to beat them in the F.A. Cup. (Rangers in 5)
Social jet lag harms health of millions: A European study warns that the frequent mismatch between our natural wake up time and daily...
MR. PRESIDENT!!!!!!! Have you started your transition?
Mary J. Blige - I Can See In Color - 05:22 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
My baby has a shoulder injury may have to miss his first game this Saturday.
as long as you know your POSITION & play it GREAT... all that other stuff don't matter!!!
Visual Intelligence's Dr. Armando Guevara is announced as the key note speaker at the upcoming ICM Congress of Mexico.
I'm a total ants 'n the pants today. Fidgety Flo over here. I think I've choreographed enough for an entire dance routine under my desk.
Austin-Twyman Papers at Swem - an unvarnished record of slavery in Buckingham Co., Va.
Some guys just wanna be friends, we are not all pigs that wanna get in your pants
dude, they look so sick!!!
Do you know of any good #sushi puns? Go ahead, maki my day.
Grey's just gets me. I love Meredith and Christina. And I adore Arizona. I will throw stuff. I'm serious. And I will cry hard.
Whats up! If you like us, follow our friends in Hermosa Beach
That's dope.
Oh MY God its Paul Heyman! #raw <OVER THE LIMIT12>
send me the link!
ALMOST DONE
I have tits . . . Can you milk me?
I will give ANYTHING to the person who does my precalc homework for me
you ladies rock my socks right off. here's to boingboing handshakes and awesome projects moving forward
well maybe this summer, who know they might be ready for fall
Happy Holidays and much abundance in 2012 to !
We have to talk.
how about you keep to science related topics instead of sports? Okay? Thanks.
Of course PotP didn't move Metro riders. In most cases, employers, not employees, decide when employees work.
Ugh, what a day. On day 2 of the HCG diet, its a tricky one
Last time driving into Latin Academy with
im mad though! I was gunna have drinks at applebees
the comments on this article are almost as interesting as the initiative itself! fascinating reactions... :-)
what would be the reason to exit the vehicle when the dispatcher says you don't need to do that?
Ranch dressing is my hero.
Most deserving and least shocking win of the night! Congrats, Christopher Plummer #Oscars Wish "Beginners" was more of his character.
They usually wait to strike right before the pinnacle of your day's contentment. (Check out that educated sentence! :D)
Hope u had wonderful meeting with mentee! The Dav seems 2 be popular spot. Saw another mentor/mentee meeting there earlier 2day
When I get a house of my own I guarantee you imma have a strip pole installed in that bitch.
yup, we're all volunteering you
And here’s a preview of the first few chapters, so you can see what the ebook is like
you have the funniest headlines hands down!
tru, how you like it up there? Lol where are you
nothing man chillin. You?
has a blog that really is Most Optimal! Or -- another term that means the same as keeping me up way beyond my bedtime.
I just can't cry anymore
titanium us AMAZING! Please reply? You never reply to me )':
Thanks for the RT! Can't wait til #Cincy gets a King Records museum...someday.
Got the programming track for BootCamp See you nerds soon!
Again what you're doing is important. Well I guess good night. And I hope your suns win cause that's what you're worried about..
#FunFact people who don't watch the news know more news that Fox news
Getting my daughter ready to go to grandma's
7:19am in Minneapolis & it's already 63 degrees. Yikes. Glad I don't believe in that Global Warming bunk...
Kansas or UNC!??? Who u got
I got a bitch number in my phone , I dont call her phone , unless I need her card
your BACKside...lol! (You make it way too easy)!
Nope, #WeNeedAnswers now! Lol RT : ill explain it to u later lol
haha random but alright :)
Hahaha. What did I do?
That cat keeps touching me!!! Tell him to stop! I dont like it! I just a baby!
Big news: GOkickball Columbus Spring champ & runner up teams will be invited to play in GKB National Championships!
dreamers, you see everything in color while the world is getting darker. love is on it's way.
Racial pride can buff nuts
#iNeed Sum Weed Man... Somebody Call The Weed Man iM Tryna Get High..^
I almost forgot why i hate Sundays
i dread to think what new followers that tweet gets you, but i'm up for some playtesting if there's an easy way to participate
did you get the new shots? So excited to see your post!
From "Chicken in Every Pot" to Drone on Every Corner in 3 generations. Go to your City Hall, see what Traffic cameras show 24/7. I DARE YOU
Thank you for the mention! Have a fantabulous weekend :-))
The devil was really working today he still is with his faggot ass.
. Help us take the State Senate back #Nov8. Your vote will help us get a Republican majority.
Checked out the video's about your positive transformation your glowing with positive energy!!Peace and Progress!!
on flannel Friday's new site: MT Super Awesomeness to get me motivated again :-)”
y u laughing he saw u scroll
Check out the new video featuring the saxophone styling of Ryan Roscoe & and a most energetic performance (again) from Brian
what up homie.. how u been?
This is for my nieces HAPPY BDAY JUSTIN! They are MAJOR FANS #neversaynever retweet 4 them please
the men of my refined social sphere like it when I use the clutch to rap their posteriors whilst shouting "harder".
At the Flying Saucer ... The Triangle is all grown up.
"Speed Limit 55" < it's never specified if this is the upper or lower limit. I vote lower
read it again
Thank you for a beautiful and riveting book! Finished "Aleppo Codex" last night and thinking of reading it again.
Wisconsin craft brew tasting tommorow. Enjoy artisan brews with artisan food. Informal buffet tasting.
We Love Selena♥
Got asked to prom(:
I'm about 90% sure that the only time I get sick is AFTER going to the doctor #surrounded bykidswithgerms
iTunes just made me re-agree to the terms of service
I don't know how far that Peguero homer flew, but it had to be well over 450.
Nah, I'll just stick that jersey on the shelf for two years while TT learns under
seriously don't know what i am doing
Life is precious and sometimes short..... Enjoy everyday like it was your last.....
I can make a video about it, hit my email list it and tell my minions to sign it OR ELSE!
I sprayed #SOMEDAY on my brother and he admitted he liked it (;
what the fuck is this feelin...
sure thing! Fantastic post!
Wish me luck trying out for America's got talent!!!(:
Iona looking really good tonight. Siena beat Iona too
Its raining, its pouring...I am staying warm by drinking !! :)
Man I been workin hard today. It's time for a break.
good way to step up in da clutch lil bro. Eva Pro good job Lastnite! And thnku. 2 all my fans and supporters !!
your movie looks awesome!! I'll be around #AFM all day today. What time is good for you to meet up? -Dan
Dayzfresh Calendar Model Search Poster!!
Fuck you Monday! You are a huge asshole!
I love you the most.
OK, Umps in Sri Lanka, why warn KP over his switch hit? It was long ago ruled to be legal, was it not? Giving in to intimidating tactics?
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew, think about it.
- Welcome Vincent! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Well its time to take a brake on twitter BYE!!
Im insecure, but im strong. Im alone, but im loved. Im sad, but I smile. Im broken, but you'll never know.
Baseball is too easy for the Rangers.
perseverance, dedication, talent, wisdom, humility, patients
As we grow older 2gether,as continue to change with age. There one tin dat will never change. Happy Valentines Day
basketball den party prolly
hm odd. you would figure it to be the other way around. maybe Philbin was never that high on Flynn even in GB
thanks kevin! I'm mailing JVC agency!
Raise your hand if you're wearing ORANGE today!! Happy Friday the 13th!...make it a good one!
you'll definitely want to bring a book or three for this trip!
click it and play it
Was up a little earlier than usual today. Made a real breakfast and mailed some invoices all before 8:00!
Just watched my professor counsel a client at her other job. I feel so inspired and reassured I am doing what I love at every experience!
yep. Nothing new there
we are post-
that's right! I guess we can start talking Bears now.
I'm giving in I need a blizzard #dairy queen here I come :)
Titanic 3D was ammaazzing today with Brooke Crouch and (: and #worthit psshh Tyler!
Tonight's dinner special: Spaghetti Bolognese (lamb, sirloin, pork, briskett), $18. #dinner in #downtown #montgomery #tonight is awesome
Everytime I listen to Kanye , I get in a "I don't care, fuck you " mood...
Just saw this, how are you hun?
"I'm the kind of guy that can fall in love with anybody. I don't love with my eyes, I love with my heart." - Niall Horan He's so adorable!
Leo is in the building at the Latham poker club.
Thanks so much for coming in tonight! Hope you're having fun at Power Plant Live!! Stay warm out there!
wonder if Stanley will know he's been Phished?
everything happens for a reason.. i just incorporated my company yesterday...
well that's for darn sure!! And deserves a retweet!
TGIF! Check back within the hour for a Twitter-exclusive rate at Hotel Carlton in SF. Code will work for a limited time - don't miss it!
Yes I hope!
Kinda feeling this draft...and by that I mean The nfl draft and the beer i am drinking...
thanks and you too. And keep waxing them legs!
Found out we got a $20k grant, great way to start off a Friday!
how's it like on sats?
and by free i mean working my ass off all summer to come up with money to pay for tuition which is now over 8 grand. Thanks SSU
Exactly! RT : "I've been in the same situation--it's VERY uncomfortable. You try to shrug it off but when it keeps happening.."
Looking forward to 40's next week! Anyone else?
Haha Okay!! i will get to it asap..I have Bg to make for other ppl to. :)
