Don't forget to #vote Drop your #oregon #ballots by 8 today We need more #youngpeople taking advantage of their voting rights!
Realized this morning that school for me could be described as seventeen years of meetings. What a destructive thing to do to a human.
I've seen a few people I follow hacked recently...made me go check my apps/permissions. Amazing how many things I don't remember approving.
Catching one of the best shows on tv.
Wouldnt it be so cute if alexis thought it was about her.
that is terrible. So you were trying to hang it and it fell? I
Good morning Shirley I heard you announce the winner for the all expense to trip to the hoodies I've been registering
sorry we have no room ;) jk my love! what do you want to eat!?
Cheers to the freakin' weekend.
i need answers!! did jelena break up or not? if theres a video of justin "confirming" it show the link. idk what to believe anymore
SVG Visualization based on LMNL structural tagging showing poems, overlaid with semantically rich circles indicating verse structure
Received my reader's card for the today! Excited to start serious research tomorrow in that beautiful building.
I am SUPER PSYCHED about Dragon Age Redemption! I can't wait!
"Pirates are in this year!"
let's talk
always stick up your yourself
I luv Mindless Behavior!! :)
The collective genius of elite economic gurus meet here for what? To pat themselves on the back as the world kicks em in the rear ?
Watup homey. Just got the lab at the crib. Need beats
haha you have no idea! :)
wow, I didn't know this word but it makes sense once you read the definition ;-D
YOu say one thing but your twitter says another
But does it ever love you back :o/ RT : I love news.
Time to Follow.....
If x marks the spot of woman's original voice, where do we put that x on the map? I say the belly. That's where hunger starts...
Me: Are these the stairs? Random chick: *Walks away* Me: That's cool.
what are the set times for and tonight?
I am Ready to take on the day !!
Kenny King and Rhett Titus are backstage. Now that they've got a couple of wins put together, they plan to challenge tonight's winner.
couldn't agree more! School, school, school!
RIP Adam Yauch
George is/was/still is my favorite Beatle. such a good soul, that one...
Enjoy your day of relaxation :)
Hello! Thank you so much for following back!!
I think he died it??
Why _do_ they say to "sleep like a baby"?
that's love!!!
Sometimes I wonder what life would be like if I was with her...Then I look at her man, and he be looking miserable as hell.
Maniacal laugh >:-)]
thanks so much! I've been swamped the past few weeks, but I could def use your feedback - can you DM me your email? :)
Are you living life like a rock-star?
I miss the old Austin with braces doing following sprees and did ustreams
The thirst is real!!!!!!!
I can't wait for to win lots of money in Vegas so I can join him there and we can go SWIMMING
Delicious! RT I know, right?! RT : Dirt and worms? Yum and fun!
watching you ;)
True, you'll be a great value pick. Lots of upside; a difference maker; raw talent, but student of game.
we're doing a standby list if you come at 7pm & put your name on the wait list! (most people's r getting in...)
Hi David... and you might see me in person soon too... check your email!
My corrected thesis has been accepted. I am now a master of information sciences!
love the smile- not the man ass
Today was the last day of school, aww, i'm gonna miss my bestieee..!
Authenticity x Relevance = Influence
Yall struggling like fuck in the paint with out Bosh
Live and let live
omg! Want to audit!
Thanks for the mention!
I Cried Two Times Today , Like A Weenie /:
right. wouldn't want to save a woman's life or anything. Chu amdts fail 14-21
“: I came to far, made to many changes to have my moms writing my obituary” Real Shit Bro
I thought the same. Perhaps the extra track for UK?
I am so hungry!!!
Site closed for repairs while Brian and I search for cream for the ass whooping Vick gave us...
hey Earnest how are you?
well part of reform is having tech enthusiasts make things less scary and possible for others. That's our responsibility.
I copied tht part from alan! Lol you shld of asked vivi.
The world got flipped upside down D:
Great season Hoosiers! You have a lot to be proud of! Now it's time for the train ride back to the hotel.
Faith is the knot at the end of your rope.
No matter what Love >
Exhibits Opening right now! Head over to DCC Hall A-B and come see the floor! Free food and the chance at prizes.
So far, $180 raised #Give2Max! Thanks everyone who has given so far!
First full day of summer and so far so good. Now, if was only here to enjoy it with me.
Why is so slow-____-
Checking out public relations opportunities in Indianapolis! Any suggestions?!
#Library advocacy day in Albany. Here we go.
RTOREWARDS helps Rent To Own companies attract and retain customers. Contact our Rent To Own Specialists today! www.clientrocket.com/rto
Nasty ass bitch go fucking kill yourself along with your disgusting son that smells like a fucking dead sheep everyone hates you both die
Gotta do my spanish homework..I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I AM DOING.
#howgreatisourgod ? Greater than great amazing, stronger than strong <3 nothing compares !
The Weekly LOVIEE should be up this afternoon. I'm behind schedule and took an extra day finishing up the Via Colori recap.
WHAT someone re-blogged a picture of me. im all like. on my dash. and BAM. there's me. I feel so special right now. okay.
Road Quote of the Day: "I am an outlaw, I was born an outlaw's son The highway is my legacy, On the highway I will run." The Eagles
With the opening of the Academy of Music on 14 street in 1854, Castle Garden was no longer needed as an entertainment center....
I hate when broads try to take pics of the real hair, so they shrug there shoulders up to make it look like that hair long...
we're going to have to make you to sign an NDA if you're going to keep giving away our product roadmap…
with you there.
3goggles! Thanks for the follow
I'd add Rocky V to that list too.
and how might one sign up for that?
They should make a #Lifetime Movie on JLo! That's a movie I would want to watch!
Newton is a beast
Run repair permissions to speed up our Mac
Excited to get my knife skillz on
Philip~ Making a wrong decision is understandable. Refusing to search continually for learning is not.
M. Cheese.
These "ugly" gifts are of God, too. We don't understand His will, so we label some things evil, only cuz they don't match our expectations.
many thanks, Meg. Was a pleasure to meet and chat with you.
how many wins are needed to take this division in your opinion? I know its early. 90?
Nice to meet you! And I promise I won't tell anyone about that tweet about your dress... ;)
Which brand did you try? I don’t drink ginger ale myself, but I usually get Canada Dry for the wife.
but I've had the opportunity to share my stuff in places, so I'm grateful.
My daddy has serious control issues and it wont get him anywhere in life!
Now that you are in Milwaukee again, want to come to again this year? June 9th.
Don't remind me -_- Umm with the payroll coming down if they let Swisher walk they aren't getting Hamilton
wouldn't it suck if u had a disease?? or something terminal??
MAKING A GIFBOOM :D
unless #TeamAlton loses they will always have a major advantage
All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking. ~Fredrich Nietzsche
Let me find it.
Playoff frenzy has hit LA. I myself are attending a couple of games: Game 3, on Thursday and Game 3, this Friday. Go LA!
Got my fan on that level 3.
maybe chucky will get lucky!
Waiting for my canvases to dry. Ugh.
Heads up Shoppe'ites: we will be closed at 7:30pm for a private event. Get your Sat goodies before then!
As of this afternoon, we've officially joined !
put aside others, d one who's in ques rt nw is dep min There r whole lots of issues other than politics, right?
If a hitter gets thrown out trying to stretch a single, is he considered to have reached base for the purpose of calculating OBP?
Lemieux announced his retirement in 1997 at age 32, his #66 was retired, and he was immediately inducted into the NHL Hall of Fame
Velasquez...in a decision
We're failing at this fire thing right now.
Fun in the sun today looking at realestate property
glad you'll be back on the hill soon....
MT honored 2 B speaking w/ Time 2 show the city what our youth is made of!
First day of Early Voting.... Punch #21 for Roderick D. Vereen for Congress 2010
My tl is too real right now.
Hanging out with librarians is always informative. I just learned about 50 Shades of Grey last night.
is the cutest.
Fresh sea bream, sea bass, fluke, cobia, amberjack, A++ sea urchin... they are all swimming in today. Happy Valentine's Day :)
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld the parent trap
Oktoberfest at Capitol City Brewing Company
All good! Thanks for the shout! RT Shoutout to my last follower, . He's a UK, Reds, and Bears fan. This may work out.
Wanna dye my hair asdfghjkl.
But as we continue to stay
RIP Adam Yauch
I understand the value of the hotel. I think we need to make more compromises like it instead of making it easier to destroy historic bldgs.
chase it with a cake #BoneLickParkMojitosDanger with and like crazy, what? tastes just like a birthday cake!
Thanks Christie! Figured I'd toss out some wisdom daily that has helped me try to be successful over the years is all!
Cassidy gone be right up the block from me like ten mins away at gasoline alley the 21st I mite just go see him...
Just saw #performchat in progress. We're talking about the link between connecting with the right people at the right time and success?
Before you start asking about free beats did you ever think about the time the producer put into the craft of making the track.
is full on tweetin right now. well done
Last Wed booked housewife/steam cleaner infomercial. Last Thur workshoped with now manager Marilyn Atlas! Great feedback!
#YouKnowYouSoftWhen You cry in a funny movie
what you got my number foo
that's super cute! But you might get hot if your hair is laying on your neck. I really like it though!
What my mom just told me <<<<<
Maybe I'm so special, that she wish she never met you, and once I give her somethin to remember, she'll forget you!
"I'm not conceited, I'm just that good" Story of my life
Jennifer Hudson was awesome. Just awesome.
Sweet. I'm a filmmaker too, so good to know! re: Neat! We do props and wardrobe, as well!
RT Lol here's my elbow. I will have a scar free elbow ** I gotta think those knees of yours are pretty banged up though!
We are new @ twitter :)
Boring but relaxing day today :) got to love these days
Fiercely independent, endlessly giving, always laughing and so over-the-top fabulous. My mom wins.
Soon as I get home I'm showering and knocking out in my bed
Are panel passes just for the indoor events? Or does it also include the LA Times Stage/other stage events? Thanks!
End of the 1st period, Oklahoma City leads the 1-0. Live from the in SATX.
Positivity goes a long way and I'm sending some right back to you and saying Thank You.
no I don't. But he's pretty cool. I like him :)
can you please follow me?? I LOVE U!!! <3
Yeah I'll have in air wifi, I can have my roommate standing by to step in and draft for me if things don't go according to plan
Why me god? Fuck me!
A really good exciting young group tonight at cafe. LUCID DREAMS JAZZ QUARTET 8:00PM NO COVER
class is in process now (lunch break) - outstanding class and facilitator!
Really enjoyed it very much. Find that good theater is so inspiring.
Can I get a what what.
any ideas for a venue?
Hey Everyone Check out my new website for great sales on Avon Products at www.youravon.com/cpjimenez
It was attached to a mini speaker, so someone had to yank it off. I feel like someone saw a fun dangly thing to chew on.
pleasure meeting you! Exciting times ahead MT : As the #UniABC partnership kicks off gets a visit from !
Imma dogg and i eat that dog food...my fingers they itchin for that paper -Future
Going to the gym with my brother and then going to the Beverly Center to go eat chipotle! :D
GOOD HEATH GOOD FOOD
luke donald baby!
It's correct to say "I am good." It's the same thing as saying "Life is good."
Good morning!
And this is why I started watching The Voice. RT : Dear America, if you don't re-elect , I'm gonna lose my shit.
oh, okay
i miss football season!
You had me excited 4 a minute!
What did u guys think of the WWE Royal Rumble?
in that tiny purse Lebron carries his "clutch mojo".
I'm booked 9-6 Friday. Would you be free that evening or Saturday?
Your bowels, my bowels, everyone's bowels! Man, it's weird to keep saying bowels. Say it with me, Rhonda ... bowels.
Just watched david bowie snort a line of coke off of his thumb.
Getting ready for the show
Congratulations man:)!
Yay! is following me:)
Twitter always entertains me on the late night
hey the truck is gonna take today off I wiill b at marten luther king across from walker furniture store from11am til 2 pm stop by so I
Glad you approve! I had two tonight! RT : I'd consider it exempt. The booze mellows it out!
Hi,world
Bubba. I've got that shot.
ihatewhen you see a hot girl and she is smoking...GROSS
I exist if I'm online. Or...If I'm online, I exist?
I get an attitude when im really hungry
Oh okay..LOL....That's crazy, didn't he also baptize his father...
I bet there are many more surprises!
LOVE your blog!!!
If Josh Ledet would make a record of Otis Redding/Righteous Brothers type songs, I would buy that album in a heartbeat
"Rian your boobs are massive!" "When I told you your boobs were small I just meant in comparison to Rian's" "She makes everyone look flat!"
IMO, any bike's a good bike as long as it's ridden. But yeah, this one's super sexy.
who are you referring to...?
lets get it
I told him if I change, he won't get a penny.
Carrots for the reindeer are a very thoughtful touch. Merry Christmas!
can't believe i had forgotten how much i love Justin Timberlake.
no not really. just didnt pay too much attention to it. lol.
OKAY JOSLIN. YOU CAN HELP FAIL TOO. YA KNOW THATS COOL TOO. SAYS THE ONE WHO TELLS ME I HAVE TO BRING MY ENGLISH GRADE UP.
- Indeed I understand to whom the putz was pointed, my point was, I believed the tweet would elicit your reply
Lay down your arms.
GOP - "We're firing teachers, cops and firefighters to save money but handing Exxon subsidies to improve their billions in profits.
Division X Records would like to wish you a happy and safe New Year.
Walking Dead time!
Just when Ryan Leaf was becoming semi-likable, he decides to call Oregon St coach Mike Riley an idiot. Leaf: 14 TD's, 36 INT
dogs are soo Cool :) not just mans best friend~but~humanbeings best friend :) *dogs love girls too :)* they're smart!!!
fun time last night with Alli watching movies and going on omegle :)
Hey all you #GivetotheMAx people! I just saw a bus advertisement on my way home yesterday!
RT : Don't let your pride get in the way of you following me on twitter
Old school, we can appreciate that.
-- Ted said don't worry about the tent.
what?! Why didn't you tell me earlier, I've added Jason from Accounts Payable to my queue!
Thank you! RT : thanks!
Where is Mr. Marks with that Let's-cancel-school-tomorrow attitude when you need him??
a few people have mentioned it! I'm going to check it out.
New display for that unit runs about $75-100.. plus Labor.. , you can change screen and still profit.
I Cried When hannah montana ended.
you'll get the hang of it...but I need to talk to u! Txt me:/
Great quote!
I want to define myself, instead of having others define me
looking forward to seeing you in action next Friday in Fall River Mass !! Can't wait to see the worm !
Am attempting to use TweetDeck to manage my personal and my new account. This is a test, dudes!
I'm not sure ask mom lol
it's your birthday? wtf HAPPY BIRTHDAY BITCH!!!!
when you get a chance check your gmail inbox.
I'm going to my mom's house today to dig up my old photographs I took of them & all my ticket stubs. Check for them here later
Ok ppl, make me laugh RT : #DescribeYourBallsWithAMovieTitle Dumb And Dummer
Yes yes I do <3333
Told mom to hit ‘play’ to watch a video on YouTube and she proceeded to repeatedly press the play button on the laptop screen. Fail.
Thank you, and I hope you are a fan???
yikes okayy grandma
The pic in my last tweet turned out to be much creepier than I had anticipated. #ApologiesToAll - I was merely hiding from terribleness.
you again?
u love me!
Morning rise and shine
yes I want to jam! Let's get that money!! Lol
Oh, and I am aware that I'm a sarcastic prick. Just wanted to throw that out there.
Reading in the hot tub
King Louis XIX ruled France for 15 minutes.
Friendship is like a staircase, when you make your way to the top. Someone is waiting to push you down
GK was talking to a neighbor out a window today. World's greatest kitteh? Are there really any contenders?
America is not wearing clothes and the Emperor is watching.
I need to clean my room......But I REALLY don't wanna do all that work
Meek mill gets me so fucking hype.
Just got called a "scholar and a gentleman" by the business school deal for holding the door open
I once wrote an email on emergency evacuations and stated "ass captains" instead of "assistant captains" - went out to 100+
Austin sure would be a lot cooler if it had less longhorn fans.
Gen. Washington has given instructions to Brigadier General John Sullivan to bring his men immediately to Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
Truth--->RT : Developing niche and website toughest issues in #resume writing
is such an amazing and talented performer! Definitely one of the best live shows I've been to in awhile!
my husband doesn't know how to use twitter- I am okay with that!
Mane netflix is that shit
RT Be real wit me dats all i ask
that dude was trippin.. U played good just our team defense was terrible.. Big game Wednesday
I think it kina nasty this chik ik wear these short shorts and she so fat and got stretch marks and it nasty
Another migraine so soon after this weekend's 3-day migraine is just so cruel.
Don't look at the weapon. It'll steal your heart. Don't look at the eyes. It'll steal your soul. Look past the mountain and be ready to die.
More n more nostalgia, comeback acts coming to #sxsw. Today's example, Duran Duran. Stay away! The magic of SXSW is the breaking artists.
I miss playing poker. Damn government!~>
oh hey
Happy Friday!!
“: Steve Smith couldn't have been more wide open on that 77-yard TD pass from Cam Newton. Cards defense?
S/o #soulasylumgroup & the underdogs eating all the food
Thanks for the follow! , , , and
hope u feel better baby
#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork Constantly blowing your nose at your desk
I like Lebron too, but stop with the Jordan comparisons man...just stop .
27NB 11 min early or 20 late. 27SB due at 1 at least 15 min late. I've given up waiting.
With this warm weather, nothing can stop the builders on our new project. Going to check out progress today. New updates coming soon!
Happy #Friday all!! Any plans for the weekend?!
2 papers down one to go...
Time to hit the sack....and then maybe go to bed lol
The whip is goin to the pain shop tomorrow
Im a singer but when I'm bored I write songs... I'll check your songs out!!
Thank you. So sad to know my cousins are among them...
idgaf!! But i love it and that is all that matters.
I'm a tweetin machine!
Looking forward to a little tonight!
Thanks for linking to our post Steven!
Deal or no Deal How Much Can Yo Win Today
one game at a time boys! Eyes on the prize
Girl I can see your holes in your teef!! #byebyetartar!
Confusing that ISTC can refer to both a Work and a part of the Work. Do I have that right?
She's so alien that she needs sperm to reproduce...they really stretched their imagination on that concept!
We need to! Haha, text me about it. :)
Wow, #opengovphl looked really fun! Any cool projects born from the #opengov hackathon?
"Fear is the only thing that can keep you from enjoying life's best moments"
Yes & thank you! “: The average American should not want an average American to be President.”
I'm actually not funny. I'm just really mean and people think I'm joking...
Groenfeldt prob. knows it's not "new," but to a certain portion of his readers, it probably is news. cc/
Wyd tonight I'm bored I need a big ass drink :-)
good ginger
What someone said about to me
That would be the best day of my life.
Drinking tea in Istanbul. U.S. in t-mınus 4 days!!
that I like nutella. All of a sudden Ariana Grande comes in the room!
Dbl punch drink of the day is a pumpkin spice latte!
RT : Excel will ruin your life!
I was intrigued by #Othello. Loved the biker theme and the silent (or not so silent?) character that the bike itself played.
doing well, thanks. I'm sure my stream may be misleading. ;) You?
Huge fan of after presentation at #digiday. Best so far...
A bad attitude is like a flat tire, you can't go anywhere until you fix it.
Ready for a power packed evening of learning and networking with at
haha, I know!(:
. asks about Hunt's work with women promoting peace.
Brown urges Legislature to take budget matters to the voters
Yay!!!! State testing is done! Getting ready for Vegas this weekend!! Let's do this thing!! :)
makes a point, there is a conspiracy in the WWE. Someone is messing around forreal #Raw #SuperShow is finally interesting again
May have to try it --- I need another app/UI like I need a hole in my head!
Happy Monday everyone
Watching "the hand that rocks the cradle" and I must say Rebecca De Mornay plays crazy real supreme!
Thrilled to have you as a member of the family!
can't wait till summer holidays ((:
where yall at
thanks frenchy! I am coming strong!
I'd like to be everything you'd want.
Good enough to waste some time
would love to see Teen Titans team run by Beast Boy, guess I'll have to enjoy the TT Finale
#dh2010 What are these linguistic techniques that allow you to pull place names out of text?
You gon' learn today.,
welcome to the party! Pot happy hour starts in 5 min. Lol
Hawkeye from the Avengers makes me want a bow and arrow..
Gouge my eyes out dealing w/the idiots over at Peak Properties. How the hell are they in business? Rude ignorant lazy people working there.
Follow the homies
Off to the set for a feature film shoot in Malibu. The reward.
I should have smashed your little face in when I ran into you a few weeks ago
“: shark tank is the absolute best show on tv! #sharktank” Agreed!
lol so what are you gonna do?
RT : #whydoialways tweet more at night?... It's the best time
After today im gonna be on a STRICT ass diet. 💪
after taking about 100000 breaks, im finally done putting my clothes away
this could hurt the case for
you guys are spamming up my phone!!
RT JPEG vs TIFF: imaging expert Kenny Powers joins the debate, taking #digitalpreservation scholarship to the next lev...
I want to go and see Think like A Man tonight
RT: hope to see you tomorrow at LIVE recording will be I'm just saying we miss u ««YES
Just shoot nice old-fashioned full frame film cameras!
Tito, thanks again for taking the time to talk to me. I enjoyed our interview. Good luck with your endeavors.
hey, just like 2 say, ur awfully cute and very talented:)
My grandmother had to be taken back to the emergency room again tonight. Hope they actually figure out what's wrong this time!
Shooting for MGM Resorts today.
Thanks for following! Looking forward to tweeting with you :)
thank goodness there is not an appeal process similar to the NFL
Dear iMessage, Screw around with my texts one more time and we are done. That is all.
Yes! Tiger needs to give us more Tiger and less script.
The office is still buzzing! ": Great event @ Museum of Natural History tonight; Partnering w/ NYC Public Schools!"
: you might cause of softball tho.
Tinashe, The-Dream, Kevin Cossom, Verse Simmonds is all I've been listening to. Damn, hip-hop is sad
Ron Paul did not get where he is by bucking the system professionally. He'll play ball. He lost, after all.
why no one calls me?
and thanks for entertaining Erin tonight. She's your new BFF
no you get the yellows!
Reading some articles out of the Journal of Sports Psychology
follow back austin please
I'm not a Denver fan nor a LA fan! But its hilarious seeing my bf over here sweat!!!
I love you like crazyboy
Looking for the pic of Jack White where his anti-hipster rant (WS) is written on it. Can't remember where/who's tumblr I saw it on...help!
A8. I would actually teach normal people why they should be on Twitter. Twitter has sucked at explaining itself.
mini red velvet cupcakes = good!
I use an mp3 player because I still believe it's the right tool for the job. Just gave up on the software on it and installed Rockbox.
3 hrs at three suns now 1030-2 at the Grapevine in Lexwith my friends and Tony Cross. Come hang out and jam with us-BH
Ensign, status report!
you can find it on the bowery or you can find it at elaine's, it makes your words more flowery, it makes the sun shine, makes it rain.
how was your mothers day?
How will celebrate Independence Day in Denver?
CNN reporter humor: JM Smucker, in a Jam.
because they're intimidated by your beauty ;)
“: A period shouldn't stop anything but a sentence.”this is why I don't talk to niggas after 5pm
shot you a text
I don't know what happened to this Ranger team!! Does Gaborik play anymore?
lol I know but 2Pac on the radio doesn't matter what day it is
You can send it to , make sure you leave your contact info so we can tell you what you need to do after u send it.
GO #FOLLOW BEAUTIFUL N GORGEOUS FEMALE #ARTIST SINGS GOSPEL N PLAYS THE PIANO FOLLOW HER.
I am a spiritual being having a very human moment.
Art of Fielding/Harbach; Juliet, Naked/Hornby; Book Thief/Zusak; Love is a Mix Tape/Sheffield; & I 2nd 's suggestion.
Rack City Bitch. Naw I Say Stack City Bitch!
She made us drinks to drink, we drunk em, got drunk
It is a wise woman who knows when it is time to ask for help in reaching her goals.
Seeing the. Person u love with some one else ... Makes u think all the beautiful things he said were just lies ..;(
its the 9th and I already paid my rent.
Playing basketball is my life
oh snap chicken parm? I just might have to finagle my way into the DeSalvatore resort tonight for that one! :)
parents are out of town, and it's prom weekend...
baby ill do it 4 u
Big problem w #hackathon model is failure to make lasting change or produce sustainable programs.
would probably join a site named Peenterest.
I HAVE tried Miracle Whip. I don't like it. And their commercials are not likely to change my mind on that fact. Go Mayonnaise!!
😃 we think that can be arranged.
Absolutely! RT 's #digiday presentation reminds us all that everything is better with an English accent.
oh let me rephace . Omg you are so cool for knowing 500 people. You do need to text 10000 more.
You know you're out in the middle of nowhere when you see a sign telling you to watch out for tractors... #CountryLife <3
YOU ARE AMAZING. I hope it was ripe enough.
"Two personal records! For breath holding and number of sharks shot in the frickin' face!"
Your 16's get pissed on, I Robert Kelly em- J.Swann
Love planning events? Come help us plan our big semester fundraiser! TONIGHT at 6:30!
There are so many kinds of essays – persuasive essays, opinion essays, argumentative essays…
Braun robbed of an inside the park homerun by TLR's voodoo doll.
So glad. RT Enjoyed sublime dinner at Parish 2night - duck confit (app) paired w trout and ravioli with a chaser of macaroons. YUM
Every time I mix, new truths emerge. Today it was Mike Brecker & Kenny Kirkland. Gone, but not forgotten. These cats were so fresh!
Thanks for the follow !
I don't fully trust people who don't laugh loudly. Or speak sarcasm. You two do both well.
Oh, and "online cost calculator" ≠ "cost transparency"; if anything, these calculators fog up the situation.
that's what my dad told back then when they saw it they were extremely scared so yea but I dont think it would be
its not benefiting anyone! They are just causing problems and cops can't do much about it since there is so many of them
Thinkin bout lockin in... 4real this time... Maybe its the weather..
omg you look GORGEOUS MEL!
Share the wealth: How are you arranging your life today to receive a flow of money?
Mane one day u gonna realized i am da best but instead ya settle for less
Love your enemies. It makes them so damned mad. ~ P.D. East
every Sunday & Wednesday! ;)
Listening to Between Shades of Gray as I clean my room + pack for June move. After 3.5 yrs on a Alex + PPYA, way too many books.
You're welcome!... and thank you! We definitely feel that there is no out-of-the-box solution for brands. Each is very unique
100 degrees, nice
Ive got the Nutella, if youve got the apples!! LOL Come on down to Tennessee! :)
I don't get it.
Night my followers an twit freaks..
i really do care about you and i want nothing more than to make this work, but i know i have a fucked up way of showing it
I'm assuming by "cattle" that you mean "The F.B.I."
When good Drake songs come on in the car and im hip hoppin' <3 (; would be proud.
you would have to lockbox your firearm in the truck. And every time you wanted to carry, go to trunk. By then you could be hit
Pack a Picnic: 7 DIY Projects for an Al Fresco Feast
I think your account has gone phishing. You DM'd us a suspicious link.
I love you too baby ^_^
What are you looking forward to most at the Portland Boat Show? If you're hankering to get out on the water after, check us out!
Gotta love Fish Fridays! Heading to for lunch!
#Obama on #TheView says he watches #MadMen and #Homeland on DVR & likes Guacamole & Salsa chips & French Fries. Michelle approves?
#uppers Ahkal Amar Yale Professor is PWNING this conservative with his head in the sand... WITH constitution IN HAND. YES! GO GO GO
theyre pretty cool! v.v
The new Gil Scott-Heron album is very weird, and surprisingly good
Ive left my bed one time lol
thanks buddy! I'd like to try that Triathlon at some point.
Is it fake cheese lmaoRT : Mac and cheese and peppers...
Ok..and..Ik About jamie laou and all that,But what do u mean a fish n hony bee???
dudes i cannot believe you liked my 'this is our town' video on tumblr woo
Ohh lookie, we are late for dinner again.... All because of Kelsey..Haha. At least it's not me this time. But the others are gonna kill us!!
Adding more to my portfolio
Thinking positively this morning....I mean shit can't get any worse. Morning tweeps
really wish we could make it to the hamptons style talk! looks fantastic!
great day!
If Never made ShootUsDown we wouldnt have a clue who was.
yes I have the worst case of it like not even funny...your back in school?what for?
Senate Nears Passage of Bill to Slow Postal Cuts
I hate when people don't text me back right away, I get anxious hah.
that's.. horrible.
#bestlovesong "Such Great Heights" by the Postal Service if I want to dance, "Naked as We Came" by Iron & Wine if I want to cry.
So sleepy, but I'm trying to stay awake for a little longer so I don't wake up at like 9.
I have vegetarian friends, but my views are anti-vegetarian.
My husband and I are going to a tea dance this morning. A great way to begin a Friday. Ballroom dancing is so much fun. Good exercise, too.
Damn Federer's beast!
SOME ONE give me a link to vote TEEN CHOICE AWARDS
Can you tell us about Newman's footwork?
You won't be disappointed! Mooz-Lum looks interesting. I'm going to buy the DVD and watch it at home.
Just wrote my first iOS application (under heavy guidance from the Stanford class videos, ofc), now happily messing around with it. Woo!!
LOL why not? But no all hail the things in #hashtagabuse YOU #twitterqn RT : all hail MT? you?
Picnic in some woods with friends. Love it though!
fool in the man mind he is a superstar
cool :) , because victor i'll be here next week and we can go out for do something !
Does anyone write articles for EzineArticles?
actually living in NYC now, but im here doing some shows this week. Most of the week im at the Howard Theater for its opening
I really want some chocolate and kettles slightly salted ships but to damn lazy to walk to the shop in the rain
Tough day for Manning giving his good bye talk
I'm a girl>_<
You from the country tryna act hood.. But once some hood ass peoples walk in you shut up.. You ain't hood. Sit tf down.
Red Grange
Haha, okay! Maybe call them and forewarn?
I am twelve years older than my little sister and i just discovered that her feet are exactly one inch smaller than mine.
Happy Monday to all of our followers! Hope you all enjoyed your weekend with us...back to the grind until Thursday
Out of class and omw back home already. Thank God!
Bron must have read his twitter on the TO...
Congrats...in advance. Tomrrows the big day. Make us proud :)
Whatever. I wanna get out already.
Happy Birthday ! :)
Blastoff Members, 50% Off for Mother's Day starts now - login and go here to see what you can get! www.blastoffnetwork.com/deal.aspx
I swear I'm going to end texting to the show... texting kills caller interaction.
spending afterschool with my familyy....getting nails done!!(: i LOVE my familyy!!!
you guys all just tweeted within 5 min of each other. #weird Thanks again!!
THE VOICE FINALE IS TONIGHT.
yes sir
Guess was doubly right about Jesus being magic ...
Brought it. I even emailed back! Just a little time left today. Who's gonna #FinishStrong w/ me?
I'm back in Cleveland?
Itz crazy how somebody can treat u so good then suddenly jus stop fukin wit chu!!!
Austin has impacted my life in so many big ways & taught me so many things. Words can't explain how much I love him.
as awesome as that was let's not forget about the UNC retard that tipped the Duke shot in
aw... :) that's awesome hehehe my cat's name is MISS LADY and she goes hiking with me too
your ad indicates only certain areas or stores. #4 an asst manager telling customers they are nuts no such thing was in the
might be...if you think an ER visit is fun...carry shoes until you get where you're going and change. I do that w/my Manolos.
We will be launching a solution for artists soon! So excited!
Where are these newsrooms full of men? I don't think I've seen one yet.
Watched 2 loons working the mouth of the Temperance River a few years ago from the beach for 45 min. No calls til they saw me
Dear , Devil you out there I told you I was gone to win mother fucker Yours truly Jesus
needing to pee but being too lazy to get up.
Finding abundance in "less" is so important, esp for/with kids. RT The Up-Side of Downsizing (esp when it involves kids)
oh no! i was wondering where you were. good luck writing about something thats
If happy ever afters did exist , I would still be holding you like this.
Shoutout to chicks who say they don't need a man.... So Eve was all good without Adam's rib, huh
Talking to you makes my day.
No GPS or Payment devices... Oh yeah, that's how we roll at Regal!
woot! Great company :)
Time is flexible, when you laugh time is short, when you wait for your love, it is centuries.
u still at Walmart
HAHAHA!! someone thinks their cool ;) lol bad boy :p that hot.. but your were so cute, i bet all the little girl were crazy
RT : RT : Q4: Where is your home running course and why/why not is it the "best" place to run?
Flying home now!! Yayy!!!
Hey, hey, Amy, yes, YES! Many thanks for the greetings on the Twitters!
The best feeling in the world? Being a Mahomie. It's unbelievable.
whenever I read a tweet, I can distinctly hear his voice in my head
Life is good :)
I agree!
A prof. told me I had beautiful writing. Quite a change from my 1st Quarter prof: "based on your writing, you should not be in grad school."
I AM SO EXCITED! It will be like xmas morning! THANK YOU!!!!!
God gives u opportunities, He gives u chances. U just have to open your eyes and realize that, and take those opportunities that He gives u.
Giraffe Humor: Q:Why don't giraffes do drugs? A:Because they're naturally high!
ahh I know!! This spring is nuts with work/travel, so I'll be the asshole who misses it. Any plans for a fall conf, tho?
Dr. Chilton moderating panel on Public Perceptions of the #Welfare System and People Who Use it at Friends Center 4pm Thursday, Feb. 23.
Are you ready for Valentine's Day tomorrow?
where we're u today??
"got tooken away" -- sensational grammar I just heard on daytime TV
Don't do it!
i will do that this week and have u help out ;)
Working late and about to watch/listen to the Flyers kick some Devils ass.
Omg, my hair looks so cute today. SO CUTE.
Triple H is the Chief Operating Officer of the WWE
Can someone please explain 'wikitude' to me???
Another coworker of mine is a woman...she defended Rush and his diatribe about the sentiment he held, not the words, about S. Fluke.
RT : Hey Baby!! What's hap'nin?? < I'm drawing up some blueprints for world domination!
Going to teach my first class ever today! Lets see how many people pay attention and aren't on their computers.
I need to put some more pics up..
Awesome thanks for subscribing.
Awesome! I'll let the rest of the conference planners know and will send you a more formal request via email.
RT : I'm so amped! Lol I love watching ballet and the costumes are sure to be ridiculous! My eyes ......
sitting at a boring sedar for Passover I'd ask that u bring Pigtail back for Phish to play. Although I like TAB version too!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!!! 2
Yes, but is their wine any good?
I Can Still Clean Da Inside Tho Huh
Thanks for the RT, love the Bix avatar!
Crazy. I've seen a Randall in action for taps, but that sounds like a glorified French press. Still... kinda want. :)
Call them what you want but we will advance! If Stern doesn't screw us we have CP3 and we get it done.
l love you soo much you're my boy and I'm your girl! ♥♥♥
thank you!!
What brand is Mr. Wonderful watch?
so, I found an apt and it sounds perfect only downside... i need to be a gay male who is willing to hook up from time to time....
Okay loves. Gotta start on my homework. I'll be back later. -le kiss- :3 See you's later.
Chiiineseee food, :P
<Singing> I give you more via Lawerence Flowers and Intercession
all I ask is one thing
"An intellectual fact is not necessarily a truth" Manly P Hall; What the Ancient Wisdom Expects of Its Disciples
Yes it is. Thank you.
Having a great time@ DC Batter Up Recept. Celebrating DC HS Baseball & Softball. DC Youth Rock!
You talk shit behind peoples backs..and expect them not to get mad?! #getaclue!!
this was a great segment
Yes!!!! Nick Mara is so SEXY :D <3
Ruby, I'm sorry, but that cone on your head looks SO fucking funny...
also, you have to get back on. I started a game with you!
Fly safe, and enjoy our city!
oh, and by the way, I think you should follow me back.. You won't! I dare you!
 Listening To "Inside Acting" Podcast.
please try to come it'd be the best!(: x
Meet on May 12 7 pm at Catherine Parrish gym 5 Shore Acres Avenue, North Middletown, New Jersey
Coach Mike Krzyzewski has been the head coach of Duke University for 31 years, what team did Coach K lead before? Trivia at 9!
In chocolate withdrawal...
Put me in the loop!
yes! I will physically cry if we get tickets..
Chanel Platinum Egoiste is Anders Breivik's favorite eau de toilette.
You grew up good. You grew up slow. Like American honey <3
Smh I know that's not on your diet
I posted my initial thoughts to the blog.
We live in a greedy little world.
Chicago play better without Rose tho..
I remember when just hit 3,000,000 followers it's doubled+
If it ain't broke don't fix it. If it is broke prepare ur patience and strap on ur tool belt.
Hello Jill, how do I access the bad blog about me? I'm curious to see it. Stellamae
Will the coaches for the Jamestown Jimmies have more traffic than the Orediggers? I'll watch the analytics trends
I'd <3 2 embed 'shelf-end' thin clients wi touch screens & wireless for items-and get further with mobile client. Then kill OPACS!
20 MORE FOLLOWERS TILL 300!!!! PLEASE FOLLOW
Just learned that ABC picked up the Dirk Derijk show "You Deserve it!" in which I played a key role in the pitch reel!
Oct 29 is our first annual Bumps in the Night Halloween Fundraiser. 8601 Sebrell Way Sac, CA 95823. $10 8pm-2am. BE THERE!!!!
50 cherry trees being planted today at Green Valley Ranch near Denver Intl Airport in ceremony w/ dignitaries & chilly gusts.
Im up good mornin
The Braddock and #Brewers divorce is a shame. A reminder that it's never just about talent.
my new second favorite number is 43
working on ways people can help. Stay tuned
I get it. But why collect followers without returning the favor. That's what #teamfollowback is about, isn't it... Honey?
Gym work out song... "Glamazon" by that's what I'm striving to be once my work out is complete "a glamazon on on on" lol
Email it to , along with any credit info you'd like to make sure we include. Thank you!!!
if you see this, can you follow me? It would make my day, no, it would make my life :)
Today I begin my new life with Jeggings
I can't believe you met John Waters! Did you see his performance?
ya, I tried to grab one at Kroger today and it was still April's.
Will I get paid????
Happy Friday!!!
Bank of America hates the Second Amendment, dumps firearms company&#39;s account
Nevermind. They fixed it.
Such an awesome way to ring in the new year last night at Bottom of the Hill with Thanks to all who came out!
Intellectual masturbaters annoy that fuck out of me. Yes...I know you can read and regurgitate. We all can assholes.
Did you know?? Philly is home to the cheesesteak, water ice, and the soft pretzel
lol i wish i coulda been there to say, "so u mad, huh?"
Watch the film, they're there. :P
How can you not fall in love with #LA!
Craig Sager asking KD all these retarded ass questions
food :P
Why did Bob from sales win Best New Artist?
RT : I still don't get what is so confusing about social media ROI. Goals. Investments. Results.
like listen Ho, you used to call me just a friend and my dicks been in your mouth don't play like that.
Y am I sitting here nibbling on some grapes, and crackers and drinking chocolate milk
Wait. Is chivalry dead?
So happy I saw you:)
RT : Want a free just-for-fun book to read this summer? Stop by SPEA BS 3025 to pick up Stephen King's "The Stand."
Well finna hit downtown chi tonight luv my city be at club eclipse wit my kickin hard get at me peeps
I've had 3 dreams where I kissed , , & and they were all awkward kisses. Am I a bad kisser?? Haha O.o
Q5. Religion can serve as a means to spirituality, and the sense of place, peace, purpose, hope from spirituality is significant
Looking for a recommendation for the best development shop for web/app combo these days. Minneapolis or LA location preferred. Please RT.
Beautiful day #Buckeyes! Join us Monday 5/9 for a talk on #globalization with guest lecture Prof, Javier Sanjines CLAS.OSU.EDU for more info
what makes me understand the paradox is his discussion on how science & the law worked to make some people seem sexually deviant
“:They should create another show them.” I said "guylove-the musical". never heard back
#wuwednesday Now Playing Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing Ta F' Wit
Still laying here thinking...
NO #OLTL ITS JUST NOT RIGHT!
RT : It's been at least 100 deg, roughly 19% of 2011 in Austin. Somehow that's more soul-crushing than saying 70 days for me.
#CountdowntoLA Those going to LA DCE June 2 please RT & let's get it trending! ONLY 17 days left till Karaoke with #Days stars!!!!!!
If says "boink" one mo time, and idk what da f**k that is I'm goin scream.
I'm an African I'm an African & I know what's happening.
scream my name scratch my back ;)
Marc is not the better player. Pau is a better scorer, shooter, passer, rebounder. C'mon now
"we put up 50 posters, most torn down" antisemites at #PSU MT : from on The Show now!
Follow me if you want to see my big boobs :P
Get $22 worth of dry cleaning from Martinizing Dry Cleaners for just $10! Head over to www.crowdclick.com to get your's!
I've recvd a few sweet/fun gifts from tweeps. This wkend I sent a few. How fun! I scoff at anyone saying tweep pals aren't real. Pass it on.
Play action qb sprint is wide open
I didn't know you did lights
Q6: completely dependent on the library users and their needs.
If a boy came up to me and said: "You mean to me what Austin Mahone means to you." I would fucking marry him.
tweets it
Some great Young Alumni events coming up...Fall YA Weekend this weekend in Knox & 4 VoltoberFest beer tastings across the region in October!
I love you too. Continue to keep up the good work. I'm proud of you.
going lift trust things will get better...
yep still here! ;-)
yep it's me:). I just don't have my twitter #verified yet. I saw you play mandolin! Me too! Do u play any #bluegrass?
I had the same urge! Love that movie!
#computerFroze ... Now I gotta wait for it boot up ....
I'm sure you do
yeah, earned* 3.9 billion, not bad.
Harbaugh: Upshaw makes defense "more physical"
Everytime I listen to The Weeknd I get into my feelings.
Landed #Navy Yard. Window will open at 11:15. Its Ficelle day!!!
00032 Sun 13nov11 . Clock in 2000p . no broadcast . work on "an american storage company" piece
Will be writing through Twitter until our site is tweaked--we can't update there at the moment. . .
totally agree this stooge has proved time and again that is is so full of ignorance its stupid he gets no where fast
It's great! Staying over with us for the first time without mum at 18 months and just brilliant.
The badgers oline weighs 1600 total pounds .... that's 80 pounds more than the packers oline!
boy i have had mine for five years and it still works and it's from star city too okay yours is nice
You've always made the mistake of being yourself. ~ Eugene Ionesco
Here we go..
Hey, pay week!!! Get me a Northface fleece jacket with a hood please. Thanks
Washington just scored. This game is not even going to be close.
I'm about to throw this laptop out the freaking window! Ugh
Milk?! Don't worry about a thing. I got you
#400kMahomies ah our family is growing! I hope I get to meet all of you someday!!
Agent rejection number two... Next.
heyy sweetie! Hope you are doing great
Chilln trynaa git some More of Deez Follower and meet some new People, Mind if i Kno ya Real name Sweetie?
I think I may have found that girl who likes Set Your Goals as much as me. Hm we shall see. Stay tuned for tomorrows tweet
Attn all Ghouls and Goblins! Check out the McKinley Haunted House Fri,Oct 28 @ 6pm and visit the DWC haunted film set.
Tired bedd soon
Thanks for following!
RT : WHEEEE! RT : So excited to be going to NYC tomorrow w/ to represent...
Ppl tend to leave when shit get real
nothing is forever .......
Happy new year
why was that old broad in Terry's face??who allowed that?
They make a fabulous latte!: One of the best cups of coffee in town!! Check out Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!!
No matter how you wrap them, the earphones are always tangled.
Deafening silence in my living room lets go
Rats. Lunch tomorrow near Local Heroes during Free Comic Book Day, then?
Got a Kindle for Christmas. Why are the covers so expensive? Anyone know where I can get an inexpensive Kindle cover?
. Trumka disagrees with the mostly Republican panel about reducing the statutory corporate tax rate.
I missed the National Oddwally day celebration at the Washington Monument. Do I need tickets for nex…
I hate my life why can't I just shut my mouth and stay quiet
Group 4 report (cont.): How to sustain coaltions. Not just create them. Stories and data that can mobilize and energize.
RT : Stop delivering designs in Photoshop. It's fantastic for lots of things, but not delivering web designs.
#bandsILove One direction.
Kindle edition is up on Amazon! Will check back on paperback!
i didnt really like the house of night...i didnt like the whole god thing about it. vampries vs. god..weird
In your opinion what is the most overrated Film?
Overcast and foggy today. Got to love how San Diego weather can flip flop so quick. May Gray sucks, bring on the sun!
Thank you for the retweet ! -Mark
Bitch weres the Crack ?!!
Memphis is gonna be live!
Who you tellin? !!
I consider myself a GA fan and I can understand the majority of criticism "The Hold Steady act" I cannot understand.
haha I'm about to go man! Tweet me sometime
any of you have a favorite or local comic book store that sports cosplay prints on their walls? i'd like to send them a print if so
lol, the press release is on my fb!
We're waiting for you.
i mean finish the quotes!
I'm guessin your not havin any fun...
More IT leadership bon mots : "The costs are always real while the benefits are theoretical." #CIO - Thanks Rob Owen
Thank you for following!
Sponsorist allows anyone to buy and sell sponsorships for events, groups, and teams, with a portion of each sale always donated to charity.
let's play with on feb 22 at Phil's
My first official day of summer is looking to be one of the most stressful days I've every experienced.
U lame lol
At 20-2-1 in their last 23, the Bruins are the Green Bay Packers of hockey.
RT for a shoutout must be following(:
killed it tonight
Even the delayed cars are smiling.
Extremely loud in the second row. A guy literally got up to move to the back.
Everything is pointing at the South Stand Supporters Group renaming to the Kettle as competition for the
used the fancy crockpot for the 1st time & made yummy veggie curry! I love it! :)
how far back???
So excited to be doing cupcakes for the Dining with Tulsa Stars event next week! #Blessed #BraanginIt ;)
Wouldn't it have been easier to not answer at all?
RT : Regis Philbin is retiring. About time. I believe he was at least 50 when Dumbledore was born...
Well at least one Manning will get a W in Lucas Oil Stadium this year.
Is there such thing as a non-pretentious, no-pressue, FUN networking event that doesn't feel like a MLM pitch meeting?
I need to visit And I need them both in my life.
Couldn't do it without the amazing signage! : Thanks for the RT of : Only a few more days! #superbowl -ing party,...
I really do hate FB I scroll like maybe five scrolls down that biatch and I have to get out of there.
pulling for the UMass alum from our days in Boston?
This menu looked delicious!
bitches want the dick just as much dudes want the pussy
picking 2nd in a draft tonight...ray rice?
Thanks to all who came out last nite to Burt's, we had a blast seeing everyone -- 'n Broken Water & were fantastic!
I hope this means you like this song, because it will be played about 20 times in the car tomorrow haha
hahaha thank you!
Good morning(?
Quaking when its bakn give a fuck bout it being hot
i'm auditioing for #LaguardiaHighSchool ! wish me luck<3
Monsters will be the death of me.
Lmaoo. ima steal him from you. is he still dating Jessica jarrell?
teachers giving up on homework >>>
You get abused long enough you start abusing shit
gee, thanks.
Needa Change my iconn , i got bored with it D:
RT : Math is just some people's thing ;) < And some people it ain't
couple days remind me monday Ill get it out
Call them people and they seem less bad.
perhaps someone on ESPN could point this out on air instead of glossing over this every game.
slackinnnn in school
“ “ #Sagittarius can not stand people who lie to their face."
Movie Renters Shy Away From Blockbuster
why was i not in it?
I already know bro
Not all riders go to the end of the line, if light rail, you'd see people using it for short trips as well.
What to do, when everyone's reaching for the gold and you want so much more...
I hope all is well and looking foreward to seeing you!
#MMPA ad sales reality check
Thanks for the retweet! You are a winner! I just need your address and I'll send the flash drive out right away!
Well Kid, Since You Called Me A " Noob " I Switched From Phone To Computer, And What You Mean ?
RT I owe everything. Everything. To my high school English teachers
RT Success for ME is CLARITY of my intention*, and reaching that intention while being true to myself. -
And, no, Amazon did NOT pay me to say that. I am just a HUGE fan and I think great businesses should be complimented.
ditto kiddo!
Go away Politifact, just go away!
Love it! Nice one. RT : To love your Tweeps is to still accept them when they spam you with Foursquare check-ins.
. lost my business forever. won't accept a mass liquor ID; if you drink you gotta drive. any ideas?
Life is full of mysteries. Like how many pieces your brain would explode into if you snorted Pop Rocks.
An epic of epic epicness.
First day on twitter, let's see how this goes!
Catching up with old friends and insane time equals the best night ever!!
Will you have a role in The Expendables 3
yea until we land somewhere. Too many unknowns right now. Ha
What an awesome concept!
A Walk to Remember.... <3
i'm mad this update has been running since 4 yesterday and still ain't done . -_-
amazing the video is just so awesome <3333
you know it! looking maybe a little #popashot at #jillians afterwards? bring your a-game!
I got so much on my chest and when the time is right I'm going to let you have it for all the past present and future shit
Thank YOU for the Monday Night Live mention!
Liquor store n HillWood Village, Nashville TN were told 2 give NO MORE discounts to Seniors or Service Men/Women? ABC-shame on u! Freedom?
Did you just watch Avengers Assemble? :]
Hi Kevin!
I swear my sister has problems. Love her to death but Im over the bs with her .
I'm headed to bed but I saw your tweet and wanted to give you some positive vibrations mama. Have a gorgeous day :) xoxo
"Quick!, take out the CREATIVE defibrillator, someone needs a quick inspirational word!"...Clear! —Delano Johnson
ugh ok after staring at them and squinting... I get it.
Ew it's fat cupcake bitch -.-t
You were there in spirit! Were your ears burning?!? , have a great weekend! Such a pleasure.
": #10ThingsAboutMyself blackout drunk is the only kind of drunk I get. #helenkellerdrunk"
good to see ya again this morning sir! I owe ya a few drinks before the end of spring man
No problem, have a great weekend!
C'mon, , why in the world would you suspend ?
how exactly does facebook connect work. lots of docs to read
aw, that's great! Hope you enjoy. I love ! How was your signing?
Outie G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.It's Problems Bitch.
we are pleased to inform you that we now accept credit cards at the box office for all TKG events with a small $1 fee!
i miss u bff
Ah! Thanks.
explains how 's purpose provides access to affordable capital -- via & expansion capital !
i'm quite lovely. I do need a job thou
wanna go to the mall?
ALWAYS! Jealous! Have fun in NYC!!
thx working to make #citizenengagement happen
I pity and hate UL, lol.
I've never been able to make a good manhattan at home though.
would you be interested in making a friendly wager?
dude hundreds of thousands of us have all those leaked documents
Merry Christmas Jake, hope you and your family have a good time. Tell everyone I said hi <r
thank you. I definetly will. Youve been really helpfull. I appreciate it :)
Just finished watching season finale of "White Chappel" on BBC America, which means no 1 knows wtf I'm talking bout. But it was very good
u should totally follow me back <3
RT : Damn my next door neighbor gone make me get drunk & force the issue this old milf gotta fat azz #OnMyMomma>>>> Lmao!!!!
What time is your art show tonight chica?
Sour cream of course...lol
Guess Who's Cummings To Dinner
you lub me.
Im not that dramatic lol but i do have my rage moments :p
At the French Institute/Alliance Française for "The Imprimerie Nationale & Book History" colloquium.
I have a feeling my kid is coming before any film festival.
Hahaha Yes it is(:
"Get out there and do what you love!"-Kara Goucher
aye my nigga, how the girls like it? LMAO!!
kobe is a fucking beast!.
What is your New Year Resolution? Better yet, HOW are you going to achieve it?! Having a plan will improve your success ten-fold!
Thanks for all of the #FF's!!!!!
Hope they "rock" the house tonight!
Great to see 's talk to end the day at #fitcto. Always fun stuff. And fire.
I am familiar with this tactic.
when I signed up I was able to choose an "online via Wimba" attendance option ...
RT : Come and see me at the #SXSW Tech Career Expo on Friday March 9th! See you there Will!
I miss you too!/: <3
Apply aloe then a long drive to wherever I wind up. Night twitter.
Still filming... Stay tuned for the "Debut" ;-)
worked on roundtable programming for years. It's a good work-out for plays, if you have stuff to look at. Hope it's awesome!
Sarah, she's not worth fighting with. She'll figure it out on herself that nobody cares if she is searching for attention.
MJWH in a second - but again not running.
yay! looks great :) thanks! - RT : Ok, check out our new Twitter avatar by Thank you Angela!
It's in the 70's at night?!...this weather is bonkers! The ants have already invaded...squish,squish..they got into my coffee flavors!
my REALLY let me down!!! A thanksgiving day loss has me in the unthinkable. LOL never thought I'd see the day.”
RT : Friday, join and other young professionals at the H-D Museum for a Lunch and Learn with Willie G. Davidson,...
"Who Do" is a great show. I love the genealogy shoes. Henry Louis Gates does one on PBS too.
I wish I wad at the beach
That's awesome!
floyd mayweather has beautiful teeth.
May you and your pets have a safe and healthy 2012! Happy (early) New Year, pet lovers.
That is acceptable. I am chomping at the bit because I have to wait 2 agonizing days to see it again with my students. - DvL
I'm so tired, But I don't want to go to sleep.
Classified friendly zombie today. 9hrs w kids 9 hrs of work and a clopen comming. Get sum.
We now have a Google Group for The Kefir Kids!
one week until premiere! can't wait
you're not the only one
my mom just called AJ her son-in-law ^.^ <3
ATTN SINGERS: I'M OFFERING 2-FOR-1 VOICE COACHING SESSIONS THIS MONTH ONLY! Email for details asap.
Check out our Facebook page for updates about the groups that will be there this Saturday: www.facebook.com/United.for.Haiti11
Total student loans in the US = ~$1 trillion. I think that makes me feel better about mine. I think.
Just don't let him bring any form of taxidermy ...I made that mistake as a child.
Keep going! haha I wonder what the record is...
I have a friend on here who needs help with getting customers to his web site and followers. Can u help him?
GiRL YOU GOT iT♥
Just heard it u killed that ho!!! :)
Hi!!! just turned 60 years old and Carol had a nice surprise party for me Hope things are well!!!
wat time did u leave
Music and Art Flourish at The Renaissance School, a Montessori School in Oakland, California
": Finna go get wasted an when I get back its on #twitterSex"<=str8 like dat huh???
If you pull a seedling from the ground slowly, you can get the entire plant, including the root.
so true! Suppose to be studying right now.. but hey.. im on twitter
#mofonesla at #CES just hanging with - love that he is a
Happy Monday! Retweet this if you are ready to get back to the mat today!
im allowed to eat a grilled cheese on wheat toast if thats the only thing ill be eating today.
sure-been yrs since I've been down there:-) Don't you hate this, but would you consider here in #ABQ?
We're celebrating "Hop" being released on DVD by giving out plush bunnies @ the top of every hour from now till 8! Hop by the Easter Set!
Have a great show tonight!!!!! Can't wait until Sept 22nd!
Verizon iPhone probably not for me. I like to browse and talk at the same time, I'll switch when it comes out on their LTE network....
Kris Humpries should take Kim Kardashian to court over the 2 mill ring first sell the truth for 10 mill and use it to sue her
Yes my dream is looking bright right now at the moment.
McCain's got a pen - it's kinda old… like him and the tired old line
just got the notification literally after you sent that tweet haha
They are the generation that opposed the Vietnam War. They fought for civil rights, equal rights, and social justice.
just write on the wall.
Why Ned Baily...are we cross? If we wasn't friends,,I don't think I could bear it
haha i did ! i was lmao
Quarter systems def have their perks, but it's CONSTANT stress. Not enjoying it....
RT : RIP Georgiann Makropoulos, one of the most dedicated and beloved fans and reporters in the history of the wrestling biz
Swingers in WEHO ..great Jerk chix
#19MILLIONBELIEBERS. The family is growing (': we are the BEST fan base EVER <3
I want to see avengers :(
Here's wishing you a Good Monday. Rise and Grind!
This is love not treason!
He played more games with the A's but Reggie Jackson wore a Yankees cap in his Hall of Fame picture.
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...❤ please follow!! #Mahomie 8
Watching The Real Housewives of Atlanta with Viggle Thu | 9PM | Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
This little box of OJ isn't gonna be so cute after I jab a knife into it cause there is no straw
Grace transforms fate into a meaningful vocation
haha yea buddy! Another TMoney day would be awesome!!
The gym down the street from the office just opened a rooftop pool and bar and there is wifi. Thank God for laptops!
. Scott Wittman is in the audience watching as Marc Shaiman plays piano. Love it!
haven't you ever seen a chick hold a beer in one foot before?
yea u are lol
- Thank God for Intelligent Woman like you Star - My focus is on Developing "Higher Consciousness" Media Productions!
Boxing Fight Schedule for May 1 Through May 4
Queen City brace yourself, because Size F'n Matters
(hang in there homeslice! whatever it is)
Or a show on which dumpy cis-women get fashion and makeup advice from drag queens. I'd want to be on that show.
Might make a new Twitter. Not sure yet. :/
Life's a fucking bitch.
Im in Orlando, wanted 2 come, please keep me informed 4 da next meetin. The video is lovely. Thanks 4 sharing.Stay BLESSED!
wow thats kinda in possible!! haha
yes mam. I'm dying of thirst :(
I'm about to join you in dreamland. Looks like we're about to start a new trend. Maybe #NapsInHydePark ?
go ahead and buy Blaze one while your at It haha He wants one!
Excited to go to today! Let's hope this weather cooperates!
Didn't go out to dinner. Made my own! ! So full right now.
Speak out when you see a child being abused, make the phone call. Treat children with the same respect you would any other person.
“: White ppl shole is cray! ...... Oh wait, they were white huh...?!?!”bwahahahahaha
Maybe we should ask directly. Hey , are external link interstitials all that beneficial? What are we missing?
Hey - Happy Monday - just 5 days till the weekend. Weather for your August 29th? - slightly cooler - chance of morning fog. less humid.
Don't laugh!
My peace is not dependent on my circumstances or what's going on around me. The peace I have comes from my faith in God.
Don't you just hate when you know an employee and they don't give you a discount whatsoever 👎
If you want change, you have to DO something different. Otherwise, you lose out by waiting for something to happen to you.
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE
Project free tv shut down!!!! I was getting into always sunny in philadelphia tho.
down down down down down down down down down down down
Enhorabuena al Rayo y al Zaragoza. Lástima por el Racing, y que le den al Sporting y al Villareal. A casa!!
Look at circles becoming full. :-)
Its so hot! Im definetly wearing a dress tomarrow!!!
- Hey man, I was awake but unmotivated. Your tweet got me out the door for a much needed run this morning. Many thanks. ;)
I need a coffee or I'm going to stab a baby.
INformation for auditions on the website #ROCKINIT contact me on the following contactments
We'll see! So excited. And sorry formatting of tweets are weird. I'm texting them
YOU LOST THREE FOLLOWER I DID TO VICTORIA
Why does the 64 bus idle outside my house (at 11pm!) when its "recovery zone" is at the end of the block? Particularly bus
#ThingsIDontHaveTimeFor the unexamined life
I have to wait till fall to watch the next season of walking dead.
My knee just popped O_0
Time reveals all, but mf just cant come oit with the truth sometimes. I like it straight no chaser
#2 on google for Suikoden Tiekreis Walkthrough and I don't even have it in the page title.....lordyuanshu.com is best
Oh I mean the Artaud silent movie.
Favorite part of the day my morning shit
[LIKE THIS POST] If you've found your current home through MaryOnTheSquare!
haha. nope. She's going out of town & doesn't want to leave her car at work. I hate driving at night. Haha.
Mayweather gay for fighting with leather trunks like wtf
that's boring! Yhu should want to compete! Do that another year! Competing is where it happens at!
I hope that my mom will understand that i am truly sorry
Good morning!
the "this is not a drive by" song. Is that by train? It sounded annoying, I made an assumption
Stay tuned ...Nabj-Indy will do a giveaway this evening at 9pm
Sad to see go home :(
When I die fuck it I wanna go to hell I'm a piece of shit ain't hard to fuckin tell
lovin me some Klouchebag! :) too funny!
got another good quote for you - “Success demands planning and perspective and most importantly passion.”
summer is coming, #DePaul music school students are making McGaw Hall a heaven all day and all night. Come and join us:-)
Shit is crazy gotta take the insanely retarded as it comes I guess lmao
Winner of Wal-Mart's 'American Idol'-like contest is... - CNNMoney
I had a nice time,.
I'm from Baltimore. No need to check...
o so jealous xoxoxo tan for me baby girl!
Where would you like to see us play?
I do my research....know that
Good morning! just took the stage at #CAPRSA. He's waking us all up - better than a cup of coffee any day.
Singer Songwriter Series 2nite 334 Mass Ave Cambridge, MA $6 cover feat: Nicole Coogan,Kevin Sinclair,Jared Jones,Smooth Centipede & more!
Love when people try to make others jealous
^like lol. but yeah we play in a league at Setters in Beechmont on Tuesdays.
oh ya I just did!
well whenever you have the Buffalo Wings contest I want an invite! ;)
Phillies v Rangers, maybe Angels...
HaHa. Yes. The best gift ever. Shall we call them MagneticBags or RickPix??
awwh thank you! x
3 day update. Day 1 starts in 5 minutes.
Odd how many of those tweets use gay as an insult. Ignorance carries from real life to the internet, what a shocker ay
Why would you ever want to do that?
Congrats to for finding the Blu gift card! Thanks for playing, Jennifer!
RT : Tell someone you love them today
Heading back to the valley.. and I got
thank you Steven!
Networking for #edu is easy. Networking for #newmedia is full of cig smoke. BO!
read Lorrie Moore's Anagrams. She writes for writers and makes me cry/laugh at same time.
pummel my face with typed out words on AIM: afteritendszach
Only the first time or two you do it. If the bullshit continues after that, I think starting with "look assholes" is perfectly fine
#loex2012 #lightningstrikes advanced search skills and assessment are key
“: #HappyEaster Listening to you on . . & ” Same to you Jose!!
Bandage? What did you do to yourself??
We will be there!
Don Smiley, the head honcho at Summerfest, has been named by as the new chair of the Miller Park Stadium Board.
I could really go for some dick right now lol
it was the last game. And I was wore out. Lol. We need a rematch
Make over tips for North Park area Span Revival. See cover feature of Aug SD Home Garden. Great canyon side remodel.
well thank you!
My wife and I are both Cancers. And....her bday is they day after my mom's......
Prom dress shopping this week :)
omg oreos
In oratory the will must predominate. -David Hare
Done. That's my favorite work you've done. It's a first class read. Great work.
Optimism is a discipline!
I'm just sick of politics, can we just vote #now ?
. E Warrens confirmation thru the Senate???? Please!! They hated her!
It was politics, not policy
Ok enough promoting....time to go take my bath
Hm. That's a low bar. Lot of bastards in the Senate right now. But I agree he is one of them!
