Meme Omogbai, upcoming AAM board chair, is guest speaker at EdCom lunch.
A % of all services in October will be donated to Susan G. Komen Foundation. Call 206.264.7901 to make an appointment today.
I have sweet, longing fantasies about the moment on Friday morning when I get to switch the alarm to OFF for the weekend.
when does your new music come out? I want the c.D and i'll everyone to buy it like i did for #alltherage <3
Nice work, brother! Everyone at is proud of you.
World Peace should go to the UFC with a elbow like that.
Always!! See you next week.
for what?
Yeah!!! First run of the game/season! 1-0 #Cubs!
Lovely evening w/my Love, Enjoyed the house Red at, of all places, Olive Garden! Maybe the best sweet Red I've ever had.
(Alfred Lord Tennyson) To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.
pink dolphin? What's that? But i like pink :) lol
#3WordsForYou That is MAHOGANY!
Hit the upper body HARD w/ multiple vertical/horizontal push/pull combos, then finished it off w/ a bball specific Core workout!
Are you kidding me? It's what makes them interesting people! :P
what about ? He's ur friend, but had been in the industry since the 90's...
THANK YOU FOR BEING CONCERNED AND SENSITIVE
I'm surprised the UCI still allow them RT #Romandie Wiggo 9 secs behind Sanchez just off the blocks. Obligatory breathing strip.
Good for you... Then you need to stop hating on those with whom you disagree.
OUR SERVICES INCLUDE: *FLIER'S *BANNERS *CD COVERS *BUSINESS CARDS *WEB DESIGN *PHOTOGRAPHY *PHOTO SHOOTS
I was playing the harp in a dream last night. Such a beautiful instrument.
Thanks! You will get one on April. ;)
not sure....what time did I talk to you? Lol.
See you there!
In the city, you can be anyone you want to be
your mama shouldve swallowed that load! lmao!
Some likes on Facebook are so not realistic..I think its sum kind of Like App for all of des outrageous likes for example 125 for an ugly
It's a beautiful Saturday down here in Fort Lauderdale. Hope everybody have a fabulous weekend!
Is it just me or when u listen to music u feel like ur life is a music video to that song?
I'm a little bit jealous you get to go there. Its always been a dream vacation of mine lol Have fun and soak up the sun!
Just because you can't fix it, doesn't make you a failure! [let that sink in]
Late night workin. Don't nothin come to a sleeper but a dream.
RT : "I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
♥ PEOPLE ..LET'S BEGIN TO EMBRACE THE POWER OF LOVE ♥
who's talkin bout me?!
i act like this when im bored
Why don't my hamsters like me!
Red Bull gives me wings... LOL, JK I'm already pretty fly..
Current Lawmakers wrote 2000+ pages of "HealthCare" Reform. If they were alive in 1770-80s would find no place at the table. Devolution
Saw 2-27's post. I go 2 WSC @ DuPont. I could meet up w/u at 530-6AM sometime for motivation :) I'm trying to do AM's too!!
Follow me (:
I remember thinking it was cool when the cassette player would automatically play Side B without having to be flipped over.
really? because im pretty sure that one dani is female and the other dani is male hahahaha
I was honored to be the 1st on your #Genealogy List. Welcome to Twitter. Looking forward to your NM Gen Soc Info.
Thanks everyone for your votes!
Nice to take the day off!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool if only i could freeze time....
Too many shows at once #sceneproblems RT : Can't wait to see & crew tonite in #RVA!!
Grandma : 49ers are some pigs me : smh granny its football lol
we're not weird, we just like to dance!
Have you heard of ? He's in a band, answers back to fans..oh and did I mention he's cute? Go follow him!
Just a few more days till our show December 4th
If Kei walks out with "HeartShapedHands" on his jersey tonight, my brain will explode
Thanks for the follow looking forward to your tweets
thanks for the shout out. I will be helping for his event!
Real Classy Mia👍 way to represent your genre of music!
We're an award winning service provider and work to be the best in the business! Call us for your courier service needs!! 281-953-4048
If Michelangelo was black, Jesus would look like George Jefferson LOL
You are the BEST!
just working at a radio station its amazing!! I love it! You excited for the weekend? X
did he send it with your account? I only see your DM
Everyday is full of surprises, challenges, and changes. This is how life gets its flavor. :)
Sometimes wanting is more pleasing a thing than having, it is not logical but often true - Mr Spock
Oh decisions decisions
#quotes I think that only daring speculation can lead us further and not accumulation of facts.
WHY ARE YOU WEARING FUCKING TAPERS? ESPECIALLY AT A FUCKING 00!
The feeling when someone let's you down <<<
First of all there should be no meetings. Meeting for what? People need to get off their butts and vote. Demand. Yell.
It's my birthday !!!
Ask Tony LaRussa's daughter.
Everybody unfriends their mother-in-law on Facebook occasionally, right?
Strategic Vision. What can you do in 90 days, 900 days, 9000 days? What do you want to leave for the next gen? Shaffer
Thanks! Great skies tonight.
I'm going to send you a mail-order squirrel one of these days.
hello lil sis! thank you so much for the shoutout~ hope you're having a jamestastic and maslowriffic day :) love ya <3
u should one day it's a bueatifull place
Aww...thanks Jon!
Congrats ladies! RT Our We're thrilled to be working with the heavenly
I shine like a
This junkie hiding something
Oh yeah, I'm not saying anything about the sustainability of this success, just pointing it out.
Multiple videos playing at once is sometimes how my brain operates so it's neat to hear it all play out
My "once a year husband" arrives from England tomorrow!
finshed filming ma first video on ma channel :D will edit and upload after I nom.
I will do my best. :)
last retweet is exactly what i've been saying all playoffs
Thank you so much Mohammed :) You deserve it. You tweet amazing to everyone and ! You're legendary :)
#MarchMadness Long beach brought some loud fans. Team needs em. Low scoring first 5 mins. Band playing Lady GaGa
Totally crushed my 'bliques & wrenched on my traps last night @ snap fitness. Feelin it today. Bro.
Whenever I'm texting an ICONiac and my mom wants me to invite them over I tell a sob-story about how they moved to wherever.. Lol.
Creative minds think alot
Gilbert was recently honored as our Manager of the Year!
In the spirit of Thanksgiving be sure to bring a non-perishable food item to the 11/16 Social Media Breakfast Madison meeting.
Lord help me avoid the candy, each time I stop by a hoppin' party. I want to feel and look my very best, so rabbit food is what I'll digest.
Thanks to everyone who made our USFA fund raiser a big success!
Jake's favorite pick up line: "you like bass guitars? (wink)"
'Remember The Titans' right now ♡
On this day in 1905, Albert Einstein published his paper in which he revealed the relationship between Mass and Energy was E=MC²
Omgz it's been a while since I've been on here..... Hi.
'Feel free to build castles in the air, as long as you lay the foundation beneath' -- Mr. Cody Simpson xx
In OC permanently
recommends using #thrive to manage your Twitter presence - scheduling, analytics and more
Ah, since your arrival at The Troubadour I have wondered if you were returning to Los Angeles this year? Hope so! :)
Going to work then off to Arizona!!!!!!!!!!!! WHOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOO Can't wait!!
If I were a man of sunny disposition, i'd say, "my first flight delay at age 37? That was a good run." But you know me--I like to bitch.
Kaytal: no other industry is forced to provide services without payment like health care is
nobama has a backbone like a #ramrod and I promise you, the president has a #bigstick. I promise you. And I want to marry him. ~ nobiden
What u doin today
BJ with two solid carries..
LMFAO I DIDN'T KNO THIS EAS UR BACKUP ACCOUNT WHY AM I SO SMART
go to ur direct messages(under the person icon in the upper right corner) and go send message then a box will come up....
It makes me so happy to see your work on that list!
Everyone in College Station! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
vacation was great, my first cruise experience was a success. planning my next one soon! :)
Don’t worry about your kids being bored at the North Park Festival of Arts! We got you covered w/ the Kids Art Block!...
Shooting for Teen Vogue!!!
Thanks for organizing #YaleELC. Great work by the team.
Mango Lemonade + Ciroc Red Berry = 1 Great Night for 2... #Winning with
thanks love!!!!
Stair step your goals. Always choose to walk up the stairs instead of riding the elevator.
stimulating, pasting, fasting just active second person ask me y im crying within 5 hours i im not crying but i guess my soul bleeding
Thanks for your support!
Congrats to the Phoenix Coyotes...Pacific Divison Champs! #WhiteOutBaby!
Thanks for the S/O! ;)
I don't. He's not anyone important. If something happen to the ppl that matter or a kid then yes that is important.
My friend is the best for these headphones. My mac speakers do not do this #okaybitch beat any justice.
Had a fantastic time in Monterey! What did I miss in the music world?
ME TOO. Awesome. I watched it a couple of years ago (husb. hadn't seen it) and it didn't hold up quite well.
wat u do
Armchair General Managers: Eat a Dick.
That awkward moment when u go to wall mart looking like crap nd u see someone u know nd Ur like uh I dnt know you
Map app told me a bus was coming, but it lied. Alas, I had to spend an extra 20 minutes in the sun. (I did check my work email, though.)
awesome! thanks!
Im a mountain climber tryn to reach the top. God will be my latch just incase i slip i won't fall to da bottom
that's so random that blakes team won but they'll all get to where they want to be now so its ok
"that is that is that is square biz"
Did it scare u?
Day one on set shooting for an industrial. So fun! :)
Here's an early *Bienvenido al Sunshine State*! :) RT : Thanks. Nice to have that sun:) back in FL nxt wk, til the end of mo.
47% of adults get news on a tablet or smart phone.
I'm making a giant note for the starkids, tweet me something you want to say to clark, dylan, lauren, brian, joe...
Love the tough love.
what time do you get in?
Cool story babe. Now make me a sandwich.
Did you know e-commerce retailers constantly change their prices? #SURF resident forecasts price swings to secure the lowest price
Party must b wack RT : Like how are you partying &amp; tweeting .
President Clinton - "your job should not be a function of your loan payments."
needs to be in #SXSW It'd be tragic if #sxsw12 doesn't accept this incredible dococumentary film!
SO appropriate that my 21st birthday is on PURPLE FRIDAY! All I want for my birthday is a RAVENS WIN SUNDAY!
Yes. What time are you around?
I can't sleep :/ mane fuckkk ugh
Our loss is your gain! We'll miss the excitement Tim brought to Denver last season!
Nothing pleases me more than to read about your personal & musical growth via Twitter, Ms. Croom.
Lots of sad tweets tonight. It's like the great depression. Hope you all feel better soon.
I want to be on Reading Rainbow
i have strep throat and I still cry when I have to clean the tiny cut from my surgery that happened A MONTH ago. Am I 5 years old?
#FromThisDayForward i'm gonna stop worrying too much and just relax.
Ha! You had me confused about what had been proposed before. I think Utah is the only state to have tried a 4-day wk.
wonders which TV/Radio/Print in PDX will be the 1st to include "# of Twitter Followers" in a media kit
Smart move by Landry Jones. He needs another year. at OU. M. Ball is ready now but will only get better with another year at Wisconsin.
Personally think they will be good sticking to the affordable option that offers more creative promotions for fans!
So you arent on a team? :)
Jamie Moyer is now hitting his age, .182
#HillerHelps - Pre-Nuptial Agreements - a fiance willing to abandon the marriage has more negotiation leverage.
Thanks for the follow
Gin. Now.
Browser has odd habit of shifting focus for no reason. #kindlefire #fail But sub-pixel smoothing is really nice. Why doesn't iOS 5 do that?
We close today at 5 p.m. and reopen Sunday, Nov. 27 at noon.
Photo shoot with POP
They also say the student used names of the columbine hs shooters to send the threats via email. Details at 5 and 9
No discounts for men with hair issues.
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing. – Albert Einstein
awesome show tonight! You killed it!
I <3 meeting Offermation users. Looking forward to getting outta the office for just such a meeting later today :)
Bummer deal about TJ Ford's impending retirement.
Linsanity is taking over the NBA! Where did this kid come from? Fun to watch regardless, hope he sticks around
when have I ever did such a thing lol :)
#feels loved
oh I'm sorry did u try putting ice on it??
Aha! Today's currant scones are out of the oven!
The heal poverty we must get the picture of wealth in the minds of the poor. -Wallace Wattles
Major S/O to for her efforts on the WSEM fund raiser. Rave reviews from Mom. Thank you so much.
Happy Valentine's Day! What are your plans? What does love and Valentine's Day mean to you?
I know..I was just like wtf?!?
Watching speak on Social Media on News4 DC #DCTech - nice job.
Things I would rather watch than "America's Game: The Super Bowl: 1992 Dallas Cowboys:" TV Test Patterns, CSPAN.
I've been driving on the left side of the street lately. Itʼs very European.
I want you to drop it , pick it up , n bring it back girl
Donated blood for the 1st time today. Did the double red cell donation cause I fit the requirements. It was cool seeing my plasma go back in
HEY Diva when are you coming back to the city of brotherly love? I need a night of soothing pipes!
Thanks for posting. I've signed as well as this is a great way to travel. Here's to Indie travel!
WTF, watching some cheesy high tension drama (fringe I guess) and I see they've poached Lt. Daniels and Amy Ryan lookalike from The Wire
Watching Food Matters with !
I've been working traveling complaining my usual self! ;)
lol, Tori I don't know Mikey, but bein' a fan or yours, he's alright by me!
20 Rules For Your First Online Date [EXPERT]
Hi Joe! Sorry for my lateness. I write on marketing tools (my business side) and transmedia, film and TV (screenwriting side)
they all seem like anarchists...
Hmm. When I hear the phrase "undoing gender" I think less of how we can make gender "less relevant" and more how to explode/expand it.
To put it simply, Factoring is the purchasing of legitimate Commercial AR (Accounts Receivable) for cash to run your business.
RT: : Hey ; aren't they ALL kind of the "music issue?"
Justice.. Thank God
This hangover is awful. Feels like I'm on a massive come down.
My friend doesn't like the #LAGalaxy goalie cuz he keeps grabbing the ball when we kick it in
me too hehe
Fun times on set for a Michele Bachmann parody video with and Good meeting you all!
The fuckin best
Tonight I'm grown and sexy gorilla.
The wife and I are praying everyday for you and Mrs.Long. Love you both and see you soon. You both have POWER FOR SUCCESS!
any concern about ZBO not returning to 10-11 season form? Especially, if the team were to trade Rudy away
I am a patient boy. I wait, I wait, I wait, I wait.
Do you know how much Vatican City is worth?
Are you kidding!? Come to Atlanta and not tell you!? I was in NYC.
ew.. just deleted one of my old "friends" off of Facebook. she was bashing gays. :( wtf? she was saying, "why are gays compared to blacks?"
doing it Big here in Vegas man, working with a VIP service, catering to the hangover experience here in sin city! How R you man
eye of the tiger baby
Ruben I miss you lots and lots! Creep mosh always!
Bosses do what they want ... Suckas do what they told 
New soap out Anise. 6 oz only $7.95. New website also coming in a few weeks. come by 203 B Wellesley Dr se mention this twit and get 20%off
Mumford & Sons makes my day brighter :-)
One thing I must say...when I speak Japanese...it sounds sexy as hell...mmmmhmm
Anybody else just throw up a little in their mouth watching the Nelly replay?
RT : Happy Saturday!!! ABQ weather is awesome!!
Throwing a fastball to Smoak is foolish. RT : Morrow's had a really good plan of attack today: all breaking balls to Smoak
Why are you out there?
If Project Lifesaver is in the top ten then it will be aired on television.
I was supposed to! But I moved to Clackamas..
I got action.....peace
RT : apparently today is Star Wars Day -- so May the 4th be with you :-)
#christmasbreak. no more school in 2011,
Everytime it rains for days it reminds me of the movie "The Road"....
Did anyone else see MIA flip off the camera during the halftime show?
I'm ok how are you?
Just talked to He said he's pleased with the support he has received at the polls.
I'd love to get in as a vendor @ some MN quilt shows too. Quilters are all about loving color and I've had great reception from them. :)
a little bit!!
“: had a great time at #pdxduckbizlunch with you guys - Let's make it a tradition!”--agreed!
HOLY KASJDFKJE, IM SO FREAKING EXCITED FOR YOU TO COME TO CHICAGO! I LOVE YOU
As long as there is money to be made off of poverty and destitution, it will continue. Cure the system => the habits => the people.
Sucks for the #Cowboys to lose out on WR Laurent Robinson to the Jags for 5yrs $32.5M. Question is, is he a one-hit wonder? Dude got paid...
nigga you sasha
happy birthday wifey!! Have a great day!
How school treating you? :)
who you calling old! I aint old lol
During the 1950s, Yankees players were named American League MVP six different times.
Found out that my proposal for was accepted! I'll be giving a lecture called "Jazz Bassoon: The First 50 Years" (drawn from my diss.)
“The Key to success at IUPUI, or any college for that matter, is staying organized and on top of your responsibilities” Corey Arris
Boys lacrosse: No goals in second quarter as Lakeridge holds a slim 3-2 halftime lead over Canby at Cougar Stadium.
.....and THIS is our Vice President!!!!
Ty for following
Wow. Pathetic excuse for a man's vile behavior.
Goldfish lunch special - Sea Bass, sautéed spinach & sticky rice.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Thank you!!! RT good luck bro!!
what's good k.I.d heat!!
No, I'm eager to read your take on how Spartacus is killing television as we know it.
- the only school that I know of that includes fashion there is The Art Institute ... And that's like a "For Profit" school
The dolphin show at Brookfield zoo was so fucking awesome! I want to be a dolphin trainer now !
funny story--I met the three ring founders and put them in touch with some people in MD.
I guess you could say I miss feeling special to someone.
Chris Mathews comes in 3rd on Jeopardy... m
Sign ups for the Spring League's have started and will end on April 18th, if you have questions email
So many Famers that I can't keep track!! ;-)
Set your iPhone "free" and see all that it has been missing. The LockInfo app by is HoT!!!
i just add all my new followers pimp me
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
The Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers brought back linebacker A.J. Hawk on Thursday, one day after cutting him.
Finally, after settling on agreement, you can sign in the artiste
What the hell does #OOMF mean?!
No noon class at TSA today #saynotopolaryoga. Noon class at TSD is on as scheduled!
can't wait, it sounds like a good walk down memory lane!
I swear this raining is killing my mood 😒
Anyone else ready for the weekend? Im ready for some Bowling and & at the Avalon! The English Beat makes my weekend!
I see an excuse in that avatar picture with you : )
Ugh, NHL channel is not available (Ref code S0600). What is going on?
I don't speak thing with thing!
NEED A BOYFRIEND
my show CSI was on the air June 7 on CBS that was a hard work :)
RT : I Wonder If Romance...And Reality Ever Agree?
I have a feeling u will kick my ass but lets go
Confidence is a matter of choice. Start listening to your inner voice. You are strong and you do have the power to create your own destiny.
100th tweet! yeah buddy!
Hottest chick ever with a ginger boyfriend dancing. Thats 1 for Gingers and 766382927261828363728276 for the rest of the world.
Good Lord! I can't get enough of Lalah Hathaway singing "Cherish the Day" on Robert Glasper's "Black Radio!"
Thierry Henry's done it again
If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
I'm so tired of being in Murphy lol I'm becoming delusional
When a day visiting your grandma in Scottdale turns into a trip to Fayettnam.
Getac where rugged meets the tablet
I need to start making some money
that looks AMAZE! What and where? Congrats on a great production!
just got done cleaning...:/ going to dance soon then hanging with and .! i missed u chels!!! (:
#ThatDepressingMoment when you read old convos with somebody you don't talk to anymore:/
Just got an email from my tiny Credit Union that had the footer on it! I Feel warm and fuzzy that ET isn't Indycentric anymore.
thanks for helping court!
Where can I get a job like that?
If so it's becuase she's nice lol not because your just such a good excuse maker lol
In Bulgakov's novel and Carnival/Mardi Gras, the Devil represents chaos, fun, and abandonment of the rules.
Survived the #WarriorDash in 105-degree heat. My mantra: "Just don't die." Afterward I showered and ate a salmon burger while crying.
Damn it feels good to put in work.
it always involved them.
"Now I tell you a #poem must be kept and used, like a meerschaum, or a violin." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Happy Walter Jones Day! 23 sacks, 9 holds in over 5700 called pass plays.
I spilled coffee right down my white shirt. First hour of work. Goodbye looking cute and professional. Hello Sweatshirt.
we all have big dumb hearts, is what I think it is.
Travel Silk Road by rail
u like the moves that were made so far?
#ThingsJaylonDo Play Hard
beautiful salon
I had a great day with she surprised me with cake and flowers:) I love her<3:)
If this gurl wont stop eatting this gum like she a damn cow its not even funny she look stupid.
Everyone please follow our friend she tweetrific :) xoxogno
RT : well I'm not concerned about how my ass looks in jeans, unless a guy with a big ass is a turn on for girls!
No matter what hole, I'ma make it splatter.
Work is dragging, some ice cold bud lights would be wonderdul right now
Things that make me happy & jealous simultaneously: is faster to respond to email than me. Even when he's on a plane.
Carbonated soft drinks (especially diet!) are among the most acidic food products you will find in your supermarket.
When the world says 'Give up', Hope says 'Try one more time' <3.
PickUpLine: Nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex?
Wear it proudly sir.
Tuition payment handoff between the state and St. Kate's still not settled. Makes my stomach squeezy. I'd like to register for summer, thx.
To what??
nice. That's my favorite track on the album
So happy I got 3 ladies on my hair!!!!
Shout out to my tailor man. He has me looking crisp in the suit. Showtime, less than an hour
-the link did not work for me...
R u ready for Back to School? Big sales now @ MK. Get that TWIN XL for your college kid. A king for yourself! Check us out locations
maybe she's illegal. But Martha said, ”technically, it's not illegal to illegal in Massachusetts”
Daily Dose of Goodness: A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why. Attempt to recreate this experiment by simulating quacks.
This Saturday night at 9:30 at is our last show this spring! Don't miss it!
Yes! I saw this last night, what a d-bag, lol.
We do not ever have a money shortage, we have an idea shortage. Get in touch with your creative mind and you will have more money and...
"However weak a signal we send down the conductor of history now, it can be amplified later on." #kodm preserve what you can now!
tell people i will follow back :)
It's exciting, that's for sure! I'm pumped.
haha i guess id rather him be my best frined but it would still hurt me to see him and he's not mine...
VERY important.
Why would you do that
I would rather exercise than read a newspaper
dear #APtest : I have no clue how you are gonna go. hoping you'll be easy. signed, me.
Thanks you too! Have a happy Friday :)
Wanna see something funny? ---->
you aint never lied!
trying to figure out carbon poker, easy download so far.
it was great but infuriating! So "Tania" is still in NY??
Why are floating boxes still cool? Isn't that so 1987?
Do I look like military type? Just because my brother's in the Army doesn't mean I should be too.
haha I'm only messing with ya!
Thanks, Helen, for helping to spread the word on the Winterball Baseball Game. It's going to be cold, but fun!
thank you!! I think so too;)
Wishing for colder weather... we want to harvest ice!
Hey Chew what u doin tomorrow night??
abc family or just abc ? Thanks !
u told me to b quit an I did jus that lol
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
what's next champ! Any plans on coming to the LOU again, maybe Devon Alexander?
Tell Jen she can babysit anytime!
can you call me really fast?
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL It must brighten up their day to know that we trend them so much.
Does NASCAR need some more road course races?
Alabama did that years ago.
What you mean I can't run around the city screaming "Fuck You" to innocent bystanders? I thought this was America!
Stand up for your beliefs.
Today was another good day!
I spent like 5 mins. Trying to figure out someone could possibly pronounce 's last name with a V. Where would you put the V?
he did not. He said they never refused anyone where he practiced & churches would deal with the costs. Deal.
Lol.. M. Great idea!
Knowing everyone isn't a good thing...
#WorstFeeling is not knowing!!
we probably could've accomplished this faster over the phone. :)
Having my son passed out on my chest is the best way to waste time I can possibly think of.
Secret&#39;s out: Apple iPhone sales are sliding
education, healthcare, and transportation are fundamental in this civil society we currently live in; deprivation because of cost is wrong
YOU DON'T KNOW!
hows everyones valentines going so far?
stupid! : christina just made an AWFUL decision...
were you at Sunset today? Lol
I LOVE YoU.
what the hell are you doing up so early on a Sunday for??
im so bored are you?
Late night solo session ... Clear & Ease the mind #CHIEF !!
"The world must be all fucked up," he said then, "when men travel first class and literature goes as freight."
great pic! What was your favorite item?
didn't she name da rabbit after u? Haha
get a flashlight and do a boogeyman check so he knows there are none in his room! It works
I just saw your pole pics...Lawd have mercy woman! You look great. Cudos for the over 40 girls!
Girls watch pretty little liars and guys watch the world series.. btw
Wow, that's great! I'll work on a post tomorrow to share:-)
Any scripts for Vulcan's? My feedback keeps saying I should show a range of emotion, guess my face doesn't want to cooperate
Me too.
Wine! Love wine!
I've already used 203MB/250MB in my iPad data plan which started on 5/21 (6+ days ago). Guess I'll be using the unlimited plan...
oh....i was gunna ask if u wanted to hang out.
Yay, congratulations! Very excellent news.
is such a baby and a bitch, stop acting and flopping and play ball.
your tweets are legit. <3 xx
Packers at Atlanta in 20! Wouldn’t tacos make this game so much better?
I had the falafel kebab from today at lunch. Highlight of an otherwise meh day so far.
The shit I get vicky into :')
. yes! Rodriguez is my choice followed by val verde and the Olympic champion.
let's catch up this week!
ur guys and ump fighting. 3 cops and a state rod = y'all forfeited
do you sell gift cards that are good at or or Brookline ??
Oh yes, hit the spot! Live that place!
try outs tommorow
You thought sirens on emergency vehicles were bad in America. You should hear Florence's version.
just delivered payment at #soa #c21aff you should have it in hand later.
I'm dealing with the same scenario. #itsthenba!!
Did rock your face off tonight ? They did ours!!
Soo tired and still a long ways to go
yupp,and ohhs it sucks though!!
come on down to the chatroom lets bank !!!
Are you a good actor ....tweet back, I am looking to cast immediately
just realized i forgot to eat all day lol
RT “: The purpose you must fulfill in life is self-gratification because no one can grant you first happiness but yourself”
That field goal certainly helps a lot......
God knows that I've tried.
Be sure to store essential oils in a dark glass bottle. Puzhen's pure essential oil blends use this bottle, but store in a dark, cool place.
REMINDER: Tequila Tasting is next week (August 4th) Thursday. Don't forget to RVSP if you would like to attend!!! Limited availability!!
I'm liberal minded but I am positive that Jules will insist on participating.
Is there a brand of coffee beans you would recommend for the Miele Coffee Machines?
:/ I'm having an off day today
At Pequod's - some of the best pie in town.
I don't care how hard it's going to be to keep this promise, I'm going to keep it.
haha bieber. Exact same effect as Korn. :)
Open your eyes, I'm right here.
: "it's okay Emily, I'm allergic to trees...."
Amen. RT : Happy Opening Day, . The long winter is over.
Everyone else can see it but you.
Note taken. First time having anything from Central Waters. Ouisconsing was awesome.
Changing the light bulb on a radio tower?
is to damn beautiful
Where's the fight left in the Democratic Party? The #GOP doesn't hold back and neither should we!
they have it, I bet it's just updating but we'll take care of you, email us.
We are heading to #aladanceparty at Apex Club. We will see YOU there!
TNBLE Denver at Meadowlark April 8. Be there or be square
this is making Blockbuster online look like an option, never thought that would happen
#edt246 Then how do we teach in order to accept all of those Discourses we might encounter?
If I get one more piece of spam ima delete this twitter shit...or just fuck someone up in anger haha
MT : Hey early birds! I'm on w/ my fab NOT maternity women's collection: Completely Me. 6am. Tune in (and call in) if u r up!
Here we go!
Susan S. Taylor~ We dont have an eternity to realize our dreams only the time we are here.
listening to new for the first time. not a fan of new voice. good choice with bad choice without
hopefully one of the results is a big bag of Frito-lays
what is this conversation even about???
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom out there. We may argue at times but you're always there when I need ya. Love you mommy 😘
strange, I feel just the opposite
Thanks to for the follow. Texting an appointment reminder can save you money. Ask us how!
uh it not my birthday though!
I told Mitch he be smoking wet , this nigga gone say , just ah lil not to much . Tf ? lol
Hey heard you were a wild one x
Use the meeting notes during a meeting to ask other meeting attendees questions
Car sped up through a puddle and splash my whole body. Probably a grumpy Hoosier
aww sorry to hear that
I'm a former colleague of Reed Sturtevant - I'd love to chat with you about Good Works. Do you mind dm-ing me your email address?
excited!! follow?:)
the sexy and i know it part ;) lol
(: your nice
Bring Matt Stairs out of retirement.
In NYC, next to a table of middle-aged Asian gentlemen. One has a sweatshirt on his chair with "HEAT SEEKER" embroidered on it. Priceless!
Rally time?
much respect to you and yours, bro.
Mishel: Business profitablity is doing great right now --that sector may not be as interested in jobs policy as in the past
Black Forest Remodel & Tile "Increasing Your Quality of Life" Portland's Remodeling Expert
wait a minute who you talkin to like that you little power ranger
Going to hot today...85 !
nope - you're just ahead of the curve a bit! they'll all be talking about it in the next couple years when it becomes ubiquitous
Not good, what happens next? RT : Busch, Miller leave governor's mansion without agreement on special session.
Dear face wash commercials, People don't actually splash their face like that. Sincerely, my bathroom floor which is now soaking wet.
MT : Late night State Dinner? : Rumor has it a certain George Clooney is at the White House right now...
Currently addicted to
right now enjoying a delicious skinny hazelnut latte admiring the patience & demeanor of a pregnant mother of two chatty toddlers
Thanks, Lisa!
lol just looking for handy tips! i love food so I can't help but ask, besides! ya know i'm a sucker for brits ;)
I cant tell you on here.. You goin back to the H for the summer?
Fabulous day!
Happy New Year and thank you to all I follow for an informative 2011. Here's to an independent 2012.
Does this shop sport short socks with spots?
9/11 was definitely terrorism against the USA. What's happened since then has been a much scarier systematic assault on our civil liberties.
What in the world do you call that?
am at 152 he at huges
Good! You are wise.
Hell of a day & it's only 2ockock
funny, I had to think for a second...Who's Anthony Weiner?? Point taken.
I'm losing it.
Jimmy Jacqs, what's happening my man. Saw you're with the White Sox now--my favorite team. Good stuff. Congrats.
The ease of use does not mean that the results CST produces are simple
Good morning. Happy Tres de Mayo!
When is it?
Beau's wireless fence arrives 2day!!
Are you living your truth? What is your truth? Pick 3 words to define your personal identity and social identity - let these be your truth!
I need me a 3rd shift job like asap
To afraid to be in a real relationship? Then don't be in one.
Discovered by chance that a certain almost-14-mos-old knows how to delete emails on my iPad.
Will they learn to work together and surround me using their stealthy night vision?
I got money on MAYWEATHER!!!
well, they've got free wings for moms at Hooters today. So there's that.
Might be getting addicted to series.
DISH will be hosting local DJs to provide a great atmopshere of great music with a comfortable loung for more
life is a climb, but the view is better.. hannah montana the movie.. (";)
I am playing Draw Something at work! For work!
You kill me with the words that you didn't say.
The Olympics Pulse - Orange UK News
Thanks for the continued brain food. Would love to meet up sometime soon, let me know if anything sends you this way!
#SMBootCamp , and #BaltimoreWOW this weekend--jam packed, awesome week!
heatbreed ...hhahaha...Where are u? How are? Evrything is cool?
Teachers-back today. Network-spotty after lightning storm Friday. Server room-91* air temp. Just an average day in educational technology.
that's a little creepy
u really gonna make me cry :'( ur ok with that ?
The kids and I took my mom to lunch for #mothersday. Awesome Cobb Salad.
#itsabaddaywhen your phone don't charge during the night.
They shot my big bro in the back of the head
Great.. Mixed signals..
He looks so - eloquent - and messy at the same time!
Things I have learned from #ows - Twinkle fingers go beyond Broadway.
If he doesn't he might lose the brutally honest Christian Conservative vote. You know... that sect of the voting population.
Congrats USA ladies on an awesome win!!
Goodnight tweethearts! Tomorrow is one day closer to the weekend!:) woo hoo!
Thank you Steve Jobs....I would not be computer literate without your contributions to the world of technology!
birthday tweet :)
WWE, but I like your style
I only drink soda in cups and water in bottles.
Hungry Hungry Hippo. Methinks the time for a burrito doth draw near. Yes, indeed, it's eatin' time!
Thanks for the mention, Lorna! I really appreciate it.
One, count it, one final left. 23 hours to review the entire semester of Chemistry...today should be fun
thoughts & prayers for you and your family, my friend!
I really hope ppl stick up for me as much as I do for them
I think the other videos are where you go to find answers to Schism.
Thank you thank you, you're wonderful. Can't wait for you to make it up our way!
I don't have access to the original until I get to work, but then I'm also putting it on flickr. :)
More pontification without understanding, pleeze! This is the Internet!
Oh yeah! Maybe she can stop by !
Good to know! RT : Poll results: 48% of churches say they're committing fewer worship typos than they were 6 years ago -...
this iz so sad:( poor lil' guy
do it! Once you have a tangible goal to focus on, the actual completion of that goal will be eeeezzz peeezzyyyy
Sox down 5-0. On a scale of 1 to Complete Panic Attack, how are you feeling #RedSoxNation?
Got DM, tried to DM back but did not go thru. Traveling, will email shortly.
The fucked up part is no one talked shit and no one started negative and he just went off on twitter afterwards
this is a very cool pic
been good buisy! where u been?
Piecing ancestry together & sifting through slave manifests. Seriously, would it have been so hard to write down first names? UGH.
Pre-Lenten meal . Bring on the plate of meat! :)
RT Just chill listen to music at the house
I agree with you. Its their country
haha I'm by pizza hut ni!
#NACUA #compliance CLE workshop starts today! Welcome to DC attendees!
yeah, see the thing is...you're in Montana :-P
Goodnight everyone <3
Wait.... What's the point of the news again?! Cuz some of this stuff is irrelevant!
Happy Friday Everyone!
Noticing a lot of cats stealing my shyt club killa...which is funny cuz last time I checked I was big slug the club killa n was dropn hitz
thanks girl. Keep to head up. We will be back.
sure. Call me
And is our 127th follower! As promised FREE foodchain brand sticker! Damn what is shipping 2 Portugal? DM addy 2 claim it buddy.
If any of you want to check in with me over the next few weeks to be sure I haven't perished of stress & fatigue...
ahh I'm so jealous! The dovetail joints! That's my dream furniture, but my roommates would ruin them.
Finals finals and finals.... It's killing me... Ready to get over with...
Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful. - Zig Ziglar
go with tostitos and cheese dip instead of doritos, unless you can find the wasabi ones
No one thinks about the meaning of life on a sunny day....
A long road, but tampa move almost complete
Marianne Williamson quote actaully, but yes a good one lol
it was on the unit next door to the one we were working in. We needed to get in and the guy wouldn't open so they called the cops.
I love you as April Kepner that great about you having a baby cheif resdient
What's the dry cleaner who will pickup and drop off?
why did u do that to us!?
needs to be on everyone's radar.
We also have a t-shirt shop, mobile kitchen, tie-dye shop, skateboard design kit, hat design kit, bead kit, & more. afterschoolproducts.com
good shit. yeah its all you
I wish being a graduate student was more interesting -- It's Friday and I'm drinking white wine, watching Grey's Anatomy and writing a paper
In Australia for the annual IPN conference. Sessions begin in 4 hrs. Still climatzing!
I might not have to. Lately it feels like it, though.
done! Just tell me when.
Thinking about teaching a Pinterest class either for staff or patrons.
End violence v women now. Hundreds stromg @ MN Capitol
send me a jug of Mojitos!
You should be ok yes. But no backsliding !!
RT : Still defining sustainability: Gary Lawrence from AECOM calls it, "An attempt to master complexity."
Still time left to purchase tonight's pick package of all 7 picks for only $15, huge deal! Guaranteed 4-3 or better or your money back!
I tell mom I snort my weed so she would stop breaking all my pipes and bongs.
Tonight's art show's featured artists include Nate Geare and Khalid Hussein from Los Angeles along with Coachella Valley artist, Cyrstofer!
we have four shows to watch tonight! Looks like were going to actually have to have a conversation tonight :-)
Little Monsters, can we take over the trending topics? Let's trend
Is it permissible to drink cognac in spring?
Said I was going to shave my face because of the heat....welp, that doesn't seem to be happening...definitely growing a beard smh lol
Yeah, your tweets on Tuesday made it sound like you were there. Liar!
excellent glad you liked it.
Narrow line of showers will make there way towards #rva in the next 20 min. Low 50. Gusty winds tomorrow with gradual clearing. Hi 70
“: Vision of Love 22nd Anniversary. Lambs, sip your Grigio and rejoice.”
The duty of helping one's self in the highest sense involves the helping of one's neighbors. ~Samuel Smiles
#bizforum I agree but folks often end up 'trusting' the data more than their gut in an effort to CYA!
I'll be watching a film/special/documentary everyday that stars a black person/predominantly black cast each day of Black History Month.
What do you like, what do you love and what do you adore?
Longest. Shirt. Ever.
Spanish can suck it, I feel like a baby re learning all of these words.
Do you miss me like I miss you? Prolly not lol
I prefer to think of Gabe's other favorite snack (peanut M&Ms) as the official snack of
Look at the links they're funnay!!! Sorry a out the " type something here" tho :/
Well fuck me if I'm wrong, but I think you're trying to suck my dick
Ugh what a questionable National Anthem.
Cheese, Wine, and a Friend, must be Old to be Good.. ##
i missed u fi :/
Howie Howie Howie, what are you trying to do! What a train wreck coming and I can't stop watching it!!
Session I speakers heading to dais for “Building the Business Case for Social Insurance” Gardiner, Jones, Bishop
Hate doing weekend chores<<<<<
The #Costco cashier added, while scanning my wine, "well, if he can drink like this...he must have money" Thx, pal. Girl looked up, "well?"
Ah.... No I'm saying your family is one big dance party! Awkward!
Thanks for everyone who came to the #summersmarts party last night! We had a lot of fun!
Going to see Britney tonight.
have an awesome week!
#3WordsForYou The Winners Circle
Gotcha. Freaking unreal.
I saw the curve ball coming 50 miles away, but hoped I could go out of my way to dodge it. Not phased one bit. Good night beautiful world.
I saw that a few weeks ago. SO FUN :) I got anxiety watching the performers. Dont fall, don't fall... lol.
good question. My next blog will highlight the differences between types of life products.
Yes, I know it is a gorgeous day in Dallas. Already spent several hours outside with kids at the park, riding bikes. Great start to today!
Record Store Day!
Merry Christmas ;)
someday soon we'll show up, just keep the faith!
is heading off to shoot day two of Fall LASC with model Andy Ashton :-)
I feel so FAT 😱
I'm at and 's presentation.
I'm gonna miss my friends so mf'ing much while I'm gone😭
some in one sitting...=)
My #D-Lux Messenger Bag is doing great. He was a little scared going on a NYC Subway, but he's good now.
RT : . Thanks for the follow. I really enjoyed listening to your new composition for the HBO sports trailer....
RT : Changing the World: Sharing Emotional Intelligence to improve school cultures..begin with leader, impact school & comm.
Hope the shoot is going well! Cant wait to see the images! Just saw the clip you landed for me! Lets start planning for Hong Kong!
that's awesome ayyeeeeee
I can't believe you're not at # techrakingcir. Bay Area w/o Auggie sighting =
is proud to announce that it will be holding its inaugural East Coast Free Agent Camp in Charlotte, NC Aug 6-Men Aug 7-Women
Tonight we at w/ and the gang! || Brought to you by the good people of TopNotch, , and others.
I don't need to know everything. This is why I don't wear my glasses in public restrooms.
Why is it summer today? We already did that season. Someone tell me why.
Yes! Sometimes, I feel like it's futile. As soon as I finish dishes and laundry do my victory dance, new dirty ones appear. lol
that is what's up
THANK YOU!!! RT just checked out at their fb page!...really good band! go like them facebook.com/mufasatheband
no she didn't?!?
Love seeing the change in expression when Im introd to new colleagues w the tag line "she went to B school"
Great news abt THATcamp NYC this fall. Eagerly awaiting news abt when applications will be accepted.
What if the light we see at the end of the tunnel when we die is really us just being pushed out of a vagina into our next life
I keep getting Paula Deen and mixed up, I think it safe to say they both have type 2 diabetes.
thats my sister though, didn't know I had to ask you first before i tweeted things, im sorry :)
really happy!! Haha
Schools out Niggah
Thanks for retweets:
Some People are Unhealthy to the atmosphere..."If one of us goes threw it then we all go threw it".....
thanks so much(;
: ": HEY CINDY! I haven't talked to you in forever." Lol iz that fer me.:0” yeah I decided to indirect tweet. Lol
I can't even listen to Everybody Talks anymore because now it reminds me of Jared and Savannah.
Heading down to Florida in a little while.
Brain Greene #physicist explained string theory in a way I finally almost understood.
me wearing this suit fulfills the fact that looking classy is the same as looking sexy.
The first of many fines this year because you are a thug!
#IDAHO I combat homophobia by educating not demonizing & ostracizing homophobes. Homophobia is a disease that can be cured w education, imo.
#np Transit - Long Lost Friends
S/O to my folks ! Watched him destroy it on BET in play, What a husband doesn't know"!
text me i lost ur numbers
Yeah man, good CLEAN b'ball, no cheap shot artists there...
picnic lunch with my daddy.
okay(: thanks<3
Those were wardrobe references.
Happy birthday to best woman in the world ... I wanna party with you sweet lady!!
Welcome all new followers stay tuned for some awesome tee links!
true 90s kid will remember the film called 'babe' ..
Gen 50:20 & Rom 8:28 gives us confidence in knowing that there's a blessing for us despite what others try to do to harm us!
agreed. They are annoying
thanks for the mention. We know you read 'em all, so that's saying something :) Keep on reading & we'll keep on writing!
Had a great holiday season, Thanks to everyone's support!
King released from jail, released by Minnesota
I have to try on. This phone cause I can't log in on any other.. I was lucky to still be logged in in this but I'll try :)
Thanks! Looking forward to it! Any burning questions about #Regency hair you think I should address? #jane austen
"While one person hesitates because he feels inferior,The other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior
Watching virgin diaries on tlc, this girl had a first date with a guy that was dubbed best single guy ever...I don't remember being on show
It doesn't cost anything to smile and you don't have to pay to laugh keep showing the world your light.
So many wings.
I am not the target audience anymore.
i feel like we are just chasing atlanta on defense. can't keep up with them. c'mon boys. that's not your game.
ooh and I'm due for a phone upgrade this summer too! wahoo!
I second that! You and I could probably write a laundry list of grammar/writing pet peeves!
yep. oh lord. On a stairwell. She pulled my hair and called me a slut so I hit her... like 20 times. Whoops!
Good morning sunshine! And a happy Sunday to you! :-)
We've got skills! RT : Holy crap. How does one get that intoxicated with $10?
Getting psyched for #muse2012 esp the imminent arrival of eds Jen N. and Steph W. Presenting Sat. hour/power. Be there.
Playing poker w/ 11-yr-olds? Make sure all agree on the definitions of "straight" and "flush." Get them to sign off on it.
i hope so, i live in poland... sadly.
#nce11 merit pay has never produced better results
I don't follow many so feel blessed. :) jk
yumm is right!
good idea? then i will talk to you is chaste:) language:)what fun:).
I think they're illegal in Germany, because they can be disruptive to other road users. Are they not common outside Seattle?
is praying for a miracle.
Life's to Short Gotta Live it Long. -Young Homie, Chris Rene (: <3
"Never get too cocky. Never get too bummed." - Karen Salmansohn, Ballsy Tip No. 62
MJ or Prince? Recogonize the masters...
interesting piece. I expected something a little different, more sense of schol as distributed vs individual, zero-sum
So my last two papers in undergrad are on The Avengers and Spider-Man 2. Does this mean I paid my dues?
Saber - you will do anything to promote your brand. Period. I smell publicity stunt until I see solid proof of your claim.
Sparkly new gigs booked in Nashville, TN. We're writing a ton of new material and we feed off YOU! Come be part of something special!
preach brother preach
Buttery Nipples at a Payless Shoe Store.
love u too Jay ;)
BRUINS SCORREDDDD!!!!!!!! :D love ya Marchand ;)
cool night seeing our friend Chris and his band Modern Day Idols. great show!
Happy mothers day mommy (: I love u.!
so glad I get to sleep in tomorrow.... jk lax at 7am then two soccer games.
Just discovered Star Wars The Holiday Special. Wow!
My friend just found her real sister!!!! YAY!!!!! So exciting
Hawks are rocking the Celts early.. interesting...
Feel better man!! Love the show!!
#CISPA if you don't know what it is... You need to know that this is the ultimate big brother legislation... We need to kill this one!!!
The things females do for attention
RT: Attn all Poker players & fans: 26 days until the 40th annual WSOP! Follow the commish Personal friend and great guy!
AAAAARGH, people, Africa is not a country. Please. It is a continent composed of 54 countries!
Shadows of a Trip
We won both games!!!
If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up ;-)
"Cause your free to do what you want to do" ❤🎵
my house= green sky, hail, lightening striking in the front yard
Who has the coolest Twitter pic? does.
Ok, Speed Dating had some really good unexpected crooks and turns---good movie! Especially loved watching @ Wesley Jonathan----omg!!!
thanks for the follow!
got the mix sounding right now
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there! Hope your day is a special one!
Dont forget that the Jager Girls will be here tonight at 6pm- 8pm. Come by for $3 jager shots!
These r the times in which a genius would wish to live. It is not in the still calm of life that great characters are formed-
Were you tweetjacked?
i blame my father who was like OCD about being clean. Hed have a stroke if he ever visited us.
#Shoutout to thanks for the #follow! Hope you have a great day! :-)
u2, chris...touching book. best of luck.
Thanks Ellen. Yes, quite necessary.
Trying to get up with you fame. Trying to get back to the basics. 60 days and I'll be back in Buckhead!
Just fin dinner at grand lux now were going to Blue man. (thanks Dana)
you better snap out of it.
'Nexus' by Henry Miller, the 3rd book in the rosy crucifixion series. His long saga with June continues on and on and on...
Muffins make me sad because I know they're just one step away from being cupcakes.
what. true or false what.
READY FOR TEJAS!!!!!
Looks like you are provisioned with Blast! speed rated at 27mbps down and 4mbps up sustainable speed. Are you behind a router?
Congrats on your "TIME Dealer of the Year" Nomination!
I still regret calling a girl "cootie girl" in 3rd grade. The whole class called her that. So shameful! Still makes me sad.
This morning I woke to find it was payday. I made it through tax month with 1/3 of my regular budget! Time to buy sandwiches and games.
ha wow unbelievable disagreement in this state among politicians on whether to dig holes
And thank you for a house full of people I love. Amen. - Ward Elliot Hour
if I had food or money I would eat but I have NEITHER
Let's hope. But did he look an awful lot like Hellboy at the end of the movie?
Why the hell can't we tackle anyone?!?
Georgia its raining no it ain't yes it is no it ain't make up your mind.
18 is the magic number anything else not acceptable
“: A gurl wit #NO ass jus look #WEIRD too #ME” you hash tag alot lol.. but what about No ass, but Thick thighs?
Studying what the Bible says about marriage..
You are not your Facebook profile. You are not your Myspace page. You are not your fucking Tweets!
Oh, so I see you're a dad.
And I know that's a lie
But they don't have a hammer in their lineup.
RT Kisses on the forehead are so fucking cute! Well. I think so.
IM WITH YOU (red hot chili peppers' new album) out today!!
; d'awh. why didn't you getta picture? :o
Some people text me with the most retarded conversation...-.-. Miss me with all that
hate being a juror. It's like, you're guilty! Done!
will need to check how recert can work for webinars...we have talked about this, and hopefully can make it a program for teachers
Got to spend some time with my new friends at Man in the Mirror in Orlando. A great group of people and a tremendous ministry for men!
See you bright & early tomorrow at the SLU Chamber breakfast!
Love the Carolina rain, but my joints do not. Ouch.
When is hyper
Just read about the passing of Davy Jones of The Monkees. Brings back some good childhood memories.
just came bac from Canada! I'm bac in the D what's goodie???
In addition to the the NCAA, Indiana Sports Corp, Indianapolis Indians, and the Big Ten Conference.....
yup. We're out on myrtle
Looks like C's-Sixers is gonna go more than 5 games. No way will Philly win the next 3.
Wow. Some of them went on for minutes. I remember one day I logged over three miles on my pedometer on set.
I'm talking to CleverBot about you. ;)
thanks & to be honest im not better at all:/
Kevin Garnett. I can't even finish this homework. KG is too dirty. Emphasis on the TOO.
Me to!
Banner in the rafters because of the greatness of JET and J-Kidd. Hard to believe they might not be back next season.
Another advantage of being the youngest. 3 grandkids before I was out of HS ;)
RT : Industry experts provide pointers for providers looking to make the switch to a new revenue cycle management...
"I wasn't drunk!" "Dude, you picked up a rock to see if Patrick was living under it.."
Just ask for The Tank special
Yeah but lets try it anyways !
lol :) ya only live once-go for it lol :) thanks man :)
There isn't a time that I wake up and my throat doesn't hurt with thirst.
New York and New Jersey
#hogab hot orgy got ass backwards
what kind of producing you're trying to get into? (read your bio lol)
what part?
RT : Alex Flinn's BEASTLY is #4 in the NY Times paperback children's bestsellers on 2/27/11. Congrats, Alex!
Audition today! Yeah dude
Justin bieber has the cutest nose I could just kiss it lol
awesome girl! Nice job. I'm good, halfway through round 2 of Insanity...going insane.
We don't need a blueprint to get rid of poverty. We need to go live with those in poverty. - basically what PreJean said; such.SIMPLE.TRUTH.
Meet Clear Channel's new Nat'l Programming Platforms crew: Guy Zapoleon, Dennis Clark, Zena Burns, Darren Pfeffer, Alissa Pollack. Read RAMP
There just might be a tiny chance that the NCAA Selection Committee made a mistake...
Tell me tommorow ?
#youcantdateme if you are not as hot as me;)
Try cleaning it with a soap and water solution. If it doesn't clear up, Please contact customer service at
I give mello his credit though i'm not a hater lol !
A Lesson In Romantics is by far one of the greatest albums.
Every girl knows she will have to kiss a lot of frogs before meeting her prince charming ~
Lauren, I have loved you since the moment you walked in the ro. I am rooting for you!!
Going to Ellen Vip style for my cousin's bday! Boardwalk 11 tonight!! Come party!
Live life hard!
I'm participating in the #aam2011 virtual conference horizon report.
grandma always said you gotta bang a few meth whores so you appreciate the good ones.
PSA: The cinnamon raisin bread at is best thing I've ever tasted. Go buy a loaf and support the good work at !
*non-regulation
Have you tried calling Laurenitis? He's on TV right now!
haha! awesome. Before you know it, he'll be contemplating shaving his legs....
Dear kellin quinn get a haircut thank u love everyone
Open this afternoon for your last minute gift cards and baskets!
#wewontworkoutif you aren't willing to bottom at all! A nigga needs a break from that Shit!
Ludacris makes some weird ass music videos
I want a "grading" toolbar for Word. Highlighting, comments and some buttons for stock phrases: spelling, awkward, AP Style, double-check…
Won't be sleeping tonight. Again.
all I have left is Jamie Moyer. But he may pitch for 5 more years, so I'm covered age-wise. Omar Vizquel is 3 years behind me.
Billy George has a great body and was performing to such a great song! ;)
At the Reel Spirituality Conference 2011 -- Death of the Critic?
Yup! Haha waiting for that Lakers game! Do or die!!!
RT : Nothing like messing up how many Timeouts a team has when Chris Webber doing a game-->#coldblooded lol
April showers bring May flowers, so why is it supposed to rain tomorrow?
Please welcome our new member pR3d_xFrOwNzZ.:)
but what happens to the market when it is made free, via downloading?
sounds like a good day to me!
Heading out to make some contacts this morning, fall trip is going to be amazing, God is opening some impressive doors!
On my way, see you tonight! RT : It's nothing but blue skies & sunshine! Come enjoy this gorgeous weather w us on our patio!!
": Hoodrats always want favors and for others to "look-out for them" while they drift along through life."LLAB HELL YEA
Thank you, KD2!
a nigga really just tried to "pssst" me though
the more i see that tutu, the more i want one!
You were great! RT : gonna be on with see you all at midnight.
Ice coffee #wee!
Remember Rodney King's brutal beating on video ending in police acquittal & LA riots? Brace yourself, Idiots never learn.
oh awesome!
Yu gon be in town bro?
RT Everyday Buddhist: There is no real happiness outside of enlightenment.
Even Rally Squirrels??!! ;-)
Do you have a link to the audio?
nice guitar!
Bdubs with later !!! Yum(:
Just 12 more days until the next !
Luckily the 2nd period is over.
Did this kid just give me lip because I wouldn't give him a laptop to take to the computer lab where there are still computers available?
We have lunch box specials every day! Doors open at 11:30am.
congrats on the new chapter with Facebook.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! <3 (:
Proud to encourage giggling
omg lmao that's priceless
That combination sounds like it would involve marble columns.
Uecker just killed me. Started the "get up, get up..." Then caught! Man!
our lives on a daily basis
; what does what mean? ??
Race for the Cure on-line registration closes 9/17 @ 12 noon. www.komenorgon.org
Well that's not surprising!! -__-
Yeah, cantaloupe is such a cop out! RT : Amen, sista. RT : +berries -cantaloupe talkin bout prepackaged fruit salads
Hi Scott, SXSWedu is a separate conference, so an EDU badge is required for session content. Thanks for asking!
Hey guys! I never ask people to follow me but can u follow me? Thx
I want to see it!
woo! field day tomorrow! well gotsta go to sleeperzz. night night.
Well, tomorrow's Giants game is at 1:05. Do you want to go to that and then the Avengers after?
“: ": Nutella is gross" what the hell is wrong with you”shut up" you first
wyd I just got off of work n soon going to my other little part time job
Thank you! We agree! We're really excited to be recognized for 2 yrs now! Awesome to meet you as well!
so good
its not till may so I'm sure you will be fine. Remeber how much shit you gave me about making sure you were able to go!! Bwahaha
#confessionnight I talk so much about being single and not wanting to deal with the bs of relationships yet i dream about holding someone :/
haha ill take that, better than being jus aite haha. ill see you in a few ;)
Not to wish ill on someone but I hope Pedro Alvarez continues to flop. I want to see Casey Mcgehee get another shot. Go oppo, Casey
Dear Berliner police, why do you need 7 people to shoo away a homeless kid from an empty doorway?
It's been a no tweet Kzoo due to not having a spare neuron. Verdict so far: a lasting intellectual high.
Run Windows Maintenance Related Task With DMaintenance - Ghacks Technology News
it's been over a year, sadly.
sleep well DD.
We need to acquire New Thinking + New Habits + Long Term Viewpoint = to acquire an Extraordinary Mind to have an Extraordinary Life!
hey guys this is the rythim guitar for LIP (lost in public)
The #KeithHaring #GoogleDoodle is sweet; the second g is my favorite.
Yay! Glad to hear it :)
must focus on strategery. Fewer things this week but those few things are intense.
Q. What’s the difference between your paycheck and your cock? A. You don’t have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
I'm sorry I didn't have a chicken crock pot recipe for you the other day. If you had asked for roast, I woulda come through.
Jamming to early 90s rap with the windows open. Ice Cube it's Friday!
hate when i'm hungry n can't find anything to eat :/
I want free street tacos from el torito n shit~
Wonder what the fine will be for Brandon Jacobs
Let's hear from you-what are the small technology hurdles that make tech stumble in your classroom? No challenge too small!
Bought to go to sleep night love everyone!!! Especially One Direction!^_~
Good win for the #Gophers, that was a battle. Enjoy NY
I don't do something unless theres something in it for me
Are any of you guys
Comments like you in a sun dress and raining require pictures for the visual effect of the moment... :-)
Safe travels, Carl. We should catch up soon.
Shorts tomorrow? I think yes (:
Thanks for a great workshop!!!
beautiful people.
I am about to my way to Boston.
To see video on u-tube go to hair integration systems watch my video Megahairelite
it was discussed. “: m best take that into account at the wardrobe fitting then. #spandex”
Friday, Sept 24, 2010 UTH attended Operation Green Leaves 20th Anniversary Gala at Solares Gardens in Doral, FL
Made no sense for me to go to track practice and then go to fox & hound and eat cheese fries - Janee.
Returned home as I left it: zebraless.
Mayor Bing "Thinks Detroit First"!!!!
#cwebodymedia take risks be ok with failing those r the defining moments-Christine,
Oh no worries. No, we don't have a date yet but I just emailed April (I needed to hear from you), and let u know when I know
I'm a call you when I get out of this Class
When you arrive check out , great salon and spa here in Austin. We would love to take care of you.
hehehe...I would live there just so I could say it.
exactly. It is medicinal.
#nw Lord of the Rings <3
Audition complete! Got to hate on Tebow! Al in a day's work
not yet
Just got a sneak peak at our shutterbugs photos...and I gotta tell you: I AM FREAKING OUT THEY ARE SO GOOD
#FF Thanks for downloading my free ebook! It has excellent advice for a #GenY #jobseeker, leveraging SEO and digital branding.
Loved performance at the #grammys <3
a Vietnamese co-worker says my pronunciation is good (merci one-minute French) haven't been in a class since '70
Lets go CAPS! 3rd OT!
First day of summer classes, CANCELED. Only at FIU. Well this should be interesting.
I'm sick to my stomach
Thanks :D
Why Do You Capitalize Every Word?
why are boys such buttheads sometimes?
So I don't think I won the Megamillion, but man... it would have been insane if I did.
RT "Friend"raising: "The 'why' is more important than the 'what'."
If its possible to pull a muscle from coughing so much, then I believe I just did Bo sickness :/
fucking today was such a cluster fuck of a day...lets go and have life work out already
Football gives me anxiety. Every time the score is tied I'm convinced I'm going to have a heart attack.
We have sold our 123GoTV device in 10 or 11 states.R the kids you know ready for a fit solution for your fast paced life?
turned on the TV ... Charleton Heston in the #10Commandments ... I couldn't get through it as a kid ... nothings changed
Hi CBS - are you giving the West Coast the live feed of tonight?
If only my old teachers could see me sitting still and "foucusing"! I'm sure some of them are rolling in their graves by now!
Bout to check out asssscat at UCB
It's Friday, Friday! Gotta get down on Friday. Partying,partying yeah! Funfunfun. Rebbecca black!;)
Too bad I don't get points or a coveted membership card for driving my own car. I'm guessing A doesn't count ;-)
Not going to happen.
I'm bringing all the panelist books the sent me for more LAYAPALOOZA prizes! See you soon. xo
haha. U hv twitter but u don't hv facebook. (just say)
So fucken pissed, were not going anymore -.-
Hehe. Yeah...enter long sigh
Okay, you make it for me, please?!
Just a couple more weeks before our Beloved Banana Pudding Milkshake returns! Anyone excited?
hmm...looks like I haven't been on in 4 months.
ha! Love that movie, I love scary movies though so I guess I'd be crazy right along with her! Lol
God likes it when you masturbate.
I met a man in line at the bakery who will not need his walker in two weeks. Bless the Dr.s @ Kessler!
there or the Wisteria.
keep going back inhis site. Phenomenal art. unrefinedartists.com
Why can't it be thursday now.. I just want to be in New York.
historical mission of memorial archives?
I will try really hard! I got to get with Madison while I'm there! U and vin will be easy to get together!
thanks...I am exited to be back in action
Shake It Up Is On! LORD ICONic Boyz!!
Thanks for the mention! You guys are awesome!
alright could you please reserve bella for me i will sign up soon
"People wait for opportunity to come along...yet it is there every morning."
can't dm unless u follow back lolz
what HIP
BROTHER OF THE PROLAPSE! DON YOUR ARMOR&MEET ME IN THE COURTYARD. ELONGATED BUTTHOLES ARE EVERYWHERE! THEY MUST BE DEALT WITH!
Holy shit Justin got so much f*cking love tonight!
What to do today..
Aww, shucks. Thank YOU for listening!
Thank you for sharing! Have a great weekend! :)
thank you! Excited to watch your website take off. Looks like you are up to amazing things : )
Mother Nature is sure enjoying messing with us this spring, isn't she?
lol I just got it today
I hate you
God gave me style, and gave me grace. God put a smile upon my face.
I got bigger laughs out of your Girls tweets last night
sounds delicious!
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses - unknown
time for some krazy glue! ")
you poor thing...
Got the HOLIDAY BLUES? Brighten up your life with Permanent Makeup! The gift that gives you everyday beauty!
Fresh Mint!
what r u taking in grad school?
rocks my face off. So good!
The show will be starting soon! Pumped for Joe Vs the Volcano
retweet if you love chocolate milk!
Church hymns stuck in my head...not helping my
going to the pens game! #LetsGoPens @
last than a week til xmas break
True. Some people are pretty clear about their motives though, downright demanding even.
I hate teachers.
I'm sure the Invisible Hand will drop a few dollars in the tip jar. Because the Free Market cures all ills, no?
In the middle
When I step on the football field I feel like nobody can stop me
RT : Confucius was the first theologian to formulation The Golden Rule
Vegan tacos for lunch yum yumz.
It's kind of fun to do once you're out. Brings a little solace. Oh look, Sasha scored.
We'll take that as a compliment! :)
ok, i will check it out thanks
Trying to save my money...hardest shit ever.
Looks like #edcampcincy was a success! Followed you all today!
Perfect 10. a consistently recurring reason for IP counsel to seek interesting images on the web. today brought to you by tumblr
Running into Jack at the mall >>>>>
I need to upgrade my phone... And my phone is a reflection of my life #fml lol
what email
#amreading The Uncoupling by and enjoying the depiction of a high school community and its various members.
When it rains it pours juss be ready to face it
This is the most gorgeous #leapday ever!
Pef has enough in the trunk of his car.
I know that #stopkony is a good message and all, but it's cloggin' my feed
