Writing a new song. I gotta say, in terms of lyrical prowess, I'm the next ... Can't wait to record this
Let's do this
i really want some boat shoes.
Spmeone wanna play Draw Something?
check your dm =P
Most females dont even like they asshole touched, lolz beside who df would eat ASS thats fucking disgusting
Wat go down followers? Tell me somthin i dont know?
Nope. That's old school. The way to do it now is similar but using "events" which didn't exist before.
One week until spring semester is over and i'm back in Seattle!
very true! Incremental steps to the untilmate goal is key. In Organizational Behavior, we call this shaping and IT WORKS!
My pleasure, he's one of the best. Ships all over the country too. Not a client by the way, I just dig his work.
+1 “ Isn't radical change what is needed in healthcare? #s4pm”
#arealboyfriend Every Kiss begins with #Kay, but every one night stand begins with heavy drinking
I may not have been able to talk you into Facebook but I feel joining the twat party is at least a half win.
Please vote today make yourself count!
Justin's favorite quote account - go follow her :).
S/o young Dallas talent ready to take over the world!!!!
King of Queens is
So stoked that I know Animal Collective have a record coming out in September. What am I gonna do w my life for 4 Months. #thisisnews?
whoa! Did someone say M&M's? Are we planning a post race weekend lunch for next week or what?
14. And we won't mention how old I am now. Let's just say I've been training awhile.
yes!! Winston was not a looker! btw- the "love" I mentioned was Stella Artois! ;)
don't think it could come any faster....Seen them in Knoxville and Loved It.
Great day for a hike. Time to hit up Runyon
They don't hate everything. Just Latinos, muslims, independent women, gays, AAs, truth, justice & The American Way
Okay clearly sleeping is not happening right now
I use Chrome at home. Should use it at work, but I'm rebelling against MS AND Google. Fight the power!
Omg we so weird!!!!
where was that
Great performance by NDI dancers this morning, commercial shoot going well...long day, but off to a good start!
making an honest living through hard work is one thing..but making it thanks to a sex tape to start is another
Nobody and I MEAN NOBODY has the Father-Son bond like me and my daddy! And Im willing to bet that! (besides me and God)
The one where she overcomes that adversity?
Lunchroom wisdom from a teacher: "Sometimes the best thing to do is keep the burp in your body."
they come on occasionally but not the whole time
Are you all okay?
Thinking its time for the weekend to begin!
RT : Just remember this KEY MESSAGE: said to me 10 yrs ago: "Think digital, act analog." Best advice I ever got
haha I know I was ok until I saw you laughing too and then I almost lost it completely! Lol
oh no! Okay, just one tweet. It's okay. You can tell me.
Thank you everyone who attended and presented at #litaforum 2011. Keep an eye out for the evaluation email and see you next year!
There was a 5 car pileup outside Castle Park yesterday. Glad I didn't need batting practice.
Hey Ellen, how many trees does it need to be. For you to call it a forest? Hope you can help me with this ☺
Go on with with you badass NanoRiMo self! Maybe next year for me....
I am following you now!
Hey everybody beautiful world we live in
RT : "deliverables are merely punctuation in the conversation. Don't let them replace the conversation." -
Thank You, my friend!
RT : Check out the hashtag #whywedontneedlibraries . Add your own sarcasm to the mix!
902 wins 100% class.. Congrats Coach.
Working so close to Disneyland is PAINFUL
bc I'm an angel :)
why for politics and not economics? (i tend to agree w/ you, just asking)
Free frostys for a year!
If this is the prevailing attitude, then Williams needs to be suspended for more than a year to stop it...
You can bet on that. Xo RT Will you be doing more action movies?! (: Love you <3
Idk Yet, Wbu? I Haven't Seen You Since You Left My House Mad At Me! RT : work, wyd today
Agree. I just went to protected Tweets. Unfortunate and counter the whole purpose.
Thornton fouls out...I can has more ads pleeze?
#nwill2011 considerations: time intensive training, constant collaboration, repetition, forgetting infrequent processes.
><:)aha!notreally,u?
Interesting crowd: principals, superintendents, ed profs and deans, legislators, counselors. At SREB Leadership Forum
Bestow upon me the wisdom of the unknown.
Is Denzel filming over by Boulevard too? I've been seeing camera crews there all week...
Been using reusable cups for ten years on four continents. 1st time I've been refused. For shame.
hahah yess he was creepy crazy. "bitch!" :) im ready for a round 2,
Remember when Phil Gramm said it was "only a mental recession." Mental my hillbilly ass...
CHICKENS on the agenda in El Cajon. Cluck cluck!
agreed, what else new and adventurous?
Yes I am that guy wearing shorts today... Why not when I can wear them at work!
Not that I have many followers, but I wanted to tell you that I'll be tweeting tonight for a class at MATC. I'll start with#MKTG118 ^JM
Siting at the studio tracking the third song off of the EP, fixing to move onto the fourth one! Who's ready for it release?
oops! sorry. ;) ok, go ahead
Watching Medium, what happen to that show?
In listen to and over the speakers!
Remembering you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose
I'm a monster.
i'm digging the team Twitter battles
I do not need anyone's attitude today. Shut up.
No knock on Pollock. Point was, no left-handed pinch-hitter was available due to all the injuries.
you too I'm on the hot dessert
To do that, you must advance change, take risks and accept responsibility for making change happen
Overheard at the Spotify House: what the hell is Spotify?
Far right looms over Hollande-Sarkozy duel (News)
Waaayyy TMI. Ha. ": Nice --> “: I just made a date with for valentines day. Kind of weird and exciting”"
thank you for the follow!!!!
when is the lotto time tonight again?
Browsing my recent 4sq check-ins is like looking at a diary of fun. What an awesome week.
RT : Derek Fisher still reeks of Laker no matter what jersey he wears...hate him! <-even if he wore a SPURS jersey?
wow I love the chairs! would love to use those in a photo shoot!!!
What was the best dessert you enjoyed during Boston Bakes?
When you get people to the stadium who are finally giving a second chance, playing like crap just causes them to stay away longer.
thanks for tar great night...
So, you've compared scores? hm...guess that sort of proves it :-P
I can stand Mike Richards but I'm a big Rob Scuderi fan. I have to go with Phoenix though.
Kings Beat Coyotes 4-2 In Game 1: Dwight Kings Leads Los Angeles To Another Road Win: GLENDALE, Ariz. -- Dwight King scored his secon...
don't duh me
I hate when people are pissy and they take it out on me
[2 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 3rd inning. Houston Astros 2, Milwaukee Brewers 0
how did you like Miller Park?
I am beyond tired and exhausted from this week, but these grades are proving to me that all this work is worth it gotta
Watching Liz brush her teeth is the most attractive thing ever. :P
An accurate pickup truck commercial would show people you haven't seen in 5 years calling & asking you to help move a couch.
when you get back home, let's connect by phone and catch up. Enjoy
What are you referring to?
it's weird how last year on mother's day Justin retweeted me, and then this year he retweeted me in the same week.....creepy.
That seals it, we can never open a restaurant.
ND is coming SOON!! December 2nd and 3rd, in Fargo!
Lilly, my deaf pitbull starting taking special training classes. She's doing excellent! I have got a little genius on my hands
Print is tangible it has a bigger sense of time and place than digital, print becomes more meaningful to the viewer.
Oomf sure knows how to piss me off ......
hey what's up! How you been?
Happy Small Business Week: Time to Shine in D.C. National Small Business Week is a big deal for small business. Here's what you can expec
is this one where its starts with women suck lol
#UNDERTHEMISTLETOE = BEST ALBUM EVER!!! (:
Looking for a great #giftidea for summer birthdays? How about a Simon Giftcard - available
Tonight went great! Hope everyone had as much fun as we did! Japan Relief Catfest Friday. Woo!
it was stupid.
sleep is mandatory at this point.. goodnight, twitter.
about to taste 26 craft beers. Wish us luck!
Now following but it's in Italian. Want to reply to The Pope, but I want him to be able to read it.
No one is loyal in life. Everyone uses each other for what they have until the other person is no longer useful.
When you love what you do there's no need to Hate Mondays! ...I wish each and everyone of you the joy of that kind of Monday! :)
Sorry for your loss April :-(
Idc lol I just really love when u sing Sky scraper!! Maybe u should sing Mr. Wizard
Your the best boyfriend ever! Can't wait for our cooking date! :) Muah!
Floyds Philly shell is amazing
Radio tower improves coverage for Chandler police The tower, which cost about $8 million and was grant funded, is at 911 S. Hamilton St.
I can't believe MY Saturn passed a Ferrari on the highway. I mean, it was in flames on the side of the road but hey, I don't make the rules.
Big day for Finally taking the leap and leaving America behind. May the odds be EVER in your favor! xoxo
Somtimes we overlook things when really we already found it we just havent noticed it this music is serious business
We will be at the Vanderbilt
9. I LOVE PASTA
Troy and Abed in the morning! Haha
Also, Charlie, George and Vinny are stupid names. This isn't New York in 1930.
Buenos Dias/ Good morning!
The longer I sit here the more pissed off I get..
you guys are really loving australia!!! :)
Helping my momma at the church
im so glad u had a good day;)
okay thanks :)
+1 RT : Hey #FF to the folks on the panel I'm moderating for #techmunch NYC
no i feel like twwweeeeeeeeeetring
2:05 game today, full sun! Bring your lotion!
#15peopleilove Justin. Austin. Christian. Sonny. Alex. Justin Justin Justin Justin justin Justin Justin Justin Justin.....
Thanks for the code! See you there.
When theres a doubt within your mind because youre thinking all the time, framing rights into wrongs. Move along, move along.
Man, it is REALLY hard to chug coffee.
Thanks for the RT!
That was good as hell
Instagram is so important though Don. It helps inanely poor photographers develop the respect they don't deserve.
Performance review tomorrow
Welcome followers!
Brass time! SPONSOR ME!!... Miss Manhattan beach in the Miss California USA pageant! Get your business in the 10,000 programs being made!
why dont you have alot of followers???
For some reason 4 people decided to unfollow me ):
Consider following and learn about her passion for empowering women!
as a student I work 30 hours a week to pay for college I will not graduate with any debt
Sunny on Washington for once .
Not if IT governance is in place, DLib objectives visible due to performance indicators, measures, controls
Love the grass roots movement of #RonPaul!
Being employed is awesome.
Need more MMJ dates
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful your happiness and love for people
I miss you bad today... :( I wanna see youu!
I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHAT THE TIT IS GOING ON. OMG. LINDSEY JUST KICKED OFF THE VOICE. I LIKE A FREAKING GAY GUY. AHHHHHHHHG. THIS SUCKS.
A little Las Vegas Fire Rescue history: 100 years ago Firefighters were paid two dollars each for every fire they put out.
I guess I thought you could get there from the inside. Have fun!
Anybody got any funny or cool ideas about an Archie Comics video I should make. I like to edit the shit out of videos. Let me know :-)
Sometimes I fear I'm NOT emotional ENOUGH for you
Given up the ball to who? KG was covered, Peitrus didn't come to the ball and Pierce and Bass were sealed off.
Netflix really has me nailed: "violent viral plague sci-fi and fantasy" & "romantic gay & lesbian coming-of-age movies"
thank you for the follow Rosa!
Howard should be more worried about the Ms record the past few yrs and leave the arena deal to ppl who know what there doing
thanks for the follow! we played with plus/minus last fall.. was truly a treat! www.gossip-culture.com
Fun! Fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun! And I'm not even terribly familiar with The Avengers.
Turf Talk Tonight at the tree house lounge reno nv 555 E. 4th st. Be there
OMB! <- Only beliebers until the day a directioner comes and says: OM1D!!
get it girl! can't wait to visit you at work!
get the fuck off my TL then
wuts good wit ya life u skell
m, tots! I am about to rock some kick-ass falafel, hummus & grilled corn. Next: Linda Lavin!!!!
I'm pretty sure there is news happening at NYSE. You should cover it. Maybe if it were in Egypt?
Love those crazy girls.
Congrats. That's quite an honor.
Ce n’est pas à un vieux singe qu’on apprend à faire la grimace. (There’s no substitute for the wisdom of experience.)
have a blast w/ #BUS7 - sorry to miss it, but still in italia!
49ers vs Patriots....
i love she has so many followers and she follows back ;)
Are You Creeping ?(:
Leftover Chinese > any other leftovers
So hard. Narry is EVERYTHING!
Getting my Friday AM medicine... Aka caffeine...
#Denver! Want to see our new short film "Cut '83!"? It's screening 9/9 at Denver Film Center & 9/24 at Oriental Theater!
Insomnia+cigarettes+ =inspiration for a new poem
I'm beautiful in my way, cause God makes no mistakes. I'm on the right track baby I was born this way! Come on Tuesday
Heading to the #contraband premier tonight at . Boom!
Greater #ROC Health Foundation information session in T-minus 2 hrs.
Google Organically - twitter.com/expert
Press conference.
Did Perry just say "breasticles?"
#IUBB we're pulling for you in
RT : "Bikers" wear chaps; "cyclists" wear lycra
If you're in the mood for Bloody Marys today, check out Zapatista in the South Loop and Lincoln Park - $5 BM's with Coronita Black. Salud!
am going to a bbq with my family for mothers day you ? :)
The fast lane is working out really well
Check out sometime. Excellent band.
Mentally I try to stay at a medium level, not too high or too low. ~ Todd Zeile
Filming a video newscaster style
right now my cat sounds like a pigeon o.o
i love love love you i saw you at t4 and you we're amazing!, you we're the best theree, please follow me.
Is it possible though? Watch the documentary called 'Food Inc', it'll make you think!
Please give me a reason to break out the bedazzled neck brace!
QUICK to catch feelings, and SLOW to loose interestt !
Ok.. Kim k. Please stop taking off your clothes... You need some Jenny Craig baby..
that's what's up
hahaha that guy is great!!!
With on our way to kittery to see nic for the day #girltime .. hopefully acquiring a tan & some new clothes
Congratulations to Antonia Grilikhes-Lasky, Audience Choice Winner : Brooklyn Brooklyn Arts Council. We are proud to sponsor the award
I've been on a good streak of no road rage until tonight. FUCK.
me to! I Love Ariana!!
.... countdown to the unveiling
Northeast Conference
Pantera's is by far the best pizza out there.
I stay out of it
Spotted: Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber hit the Los Cabos, Mexico beaches for a little vacation, Saturday morning (January 7)
sounds like a good idea to me
We want to quote you in our next newsletter for #milkshakemadness - whats your Google Places profile link?
3-0 LaSalle after a defensive miscommunication by Prep
oh well lol (:
Love playing #wingman but she left and I'm sitting here waiting. I refuse to walk anymore!
27 Revisions left, from 8 students.
thanks for following Packrads! We track every single #online #social and #mobile call-to-action each in-home globally!
RT!! Management has specially allowed us to begin TODAY! Until Saturday, Oct 1st! Way to celebrate Fashion Week! Just for you TikiDolls (:
We turning up tonight..what yall doing?
your are such an inspiration and i love your voice<3
Good luck to you y felicidades! RT : RT #mcawards underway!! good luck
#The Voice can't believe she sent Jesse home or shit! Jesse you are going to make it. You only fail when you quit!
Thanks for following my blog on Twitter.
Much better. Now I can play all the videos and soundtracks perfectly. I will listen to all. Ed
You know it am putting it down bombers. Heck yes
Heey its Rachel! (:
Took the boy for 1st swim. No tears at all. I call that a win.
I thought Jermaine was gonna say 'Jerry McGuire - my ambassador of quan ... '
Are you still on standby? It's like 9pm there....
loved his site. learned a lot esp the queueing theory
I seriously dont know any girl with more clothes than I have.....
Dr. Breiman is fantastic. Enjoy your time in Kenya!
your getting me so excited bout the new SFU. Rob and Ben on guitar. Shesh!!! Gonna kill man!
your boy brek is doing so good.
I wanna wish all the women on Twitter a happy mothers day. Yall have the hardest job in the world
Great, I drew a 12th and 16th seed.
God guide me through this journey of difficult times bcuz I know u will never give up on your own child!
that was the #1 trending topic, and my guess is many are single bc they spend their time using stupid hashtags like that! haha
if your an artist listen up: is an awesome way to promote your shows in Los Angeles!
No matter what has happened today, stay on track. Remember your goals. Don't let anything shake your focus!! You are worth it!
Glad U got the joke LOL
the one where they got shot by the mexicans ?
It's National Donate Life Month! Become a organ donor and help make a difference for 113,703 waiting for a second chance.
LBJ stop your flopping your better then that.
Have fun!
thanks for the heads up. I apologize for the spam.
Well, you're not following me. ;-)
IMO, they do not. But I am old-fashioned. My daughter was reading ebooks in school in 1st grade (last year) and loved it.
nice article.
Best party in Vegas tonight, baby! Tropicana- 3801 Las Vegas Boulevard
anybody that calls right now then i might go do a tiny chat for a bit
legit for sure.
Good and u
Straight outta LoCash
Wow. Can't believe he said that. Sad that some ppl still think that way.
Start your day off with one of our 50 yummy egg dishes, grilled red potatoes, & fresh baked scone (with raspberry freezer jam)!
Freshman year: Fun! :) Sophomore year: Great! :) Junior year: wtf happend -__- Senior year: COME ALREADY!!
Cool, looking forward to it! If you guys need any press, let me know, I can post in on my site!
" Q: What does the "science" in "library & information science" mean? How would you define it?" | Applying method to the madness.
Let's go, let's go go! Let's go, let's go go GO!.
Jon from Oklahoma says Zug Zug...
Karigon Elementary School teacher Byran Sawyer vies for top spot on &quot;Live with Kelly&quot; TV show
dont be like that man you lost to a good team it's not shucks fault I understand him but should have used secondary
I'm a believer in supporting the artists you love rather than stealing from them because it's easy. Every day should be
Does anyone have the lyrics to the choir auditions???
Ikr ..I'm in the lab now finishing up some writing on a record.
Hey wind do us a favor...take the moths with you!
much appreciated - hope you're well
There are at least twice as many folks at #thatcampsf this year, different dynamic...excited.
I need help with adsense.... how that shit works and how am I suppose to add ads to my videos? thoughts???
What is your biggest Internet marketing challenge? DM your questions and I'll create a YouTube video answer for the most popular question.
haha i sai d ignore that!
Only in Wisconsin can you get sunburn and frostbite in the same week
let me know whenever you want to come by and grab them. each pass admits two to the screening.
Looking good :3
Kmsl RT : Some of y'all females make up have y'all lookin dead as hell.
I just followed...waiting on my 3+ haha !! Thanks for reaching out - help us grow too !!
Super uber Excited to begin filming a lead role in the full length feature - "Canon".
Fixing up UI for #webservius - CSS idiosyncrasies, browser incompatibilities... would be so much easier on #Silverlight :)
You speak my heart.
just sharpy tiny bikini on yr nips and yr good!
thanks for listening Dave!!
It's 's birthday? I thought he died in the bus explosion.
Belgian tripel on the boil. Good to be brewing!
Klaatu says RELAX.
then kick butt now!!
and I want you to always know that you are the only woman, other than my daughter and mom, that I could every love this much
Gotta find me something similar to what you got.
On my way to marfa texas!
nah bruhhh.. you'll be missing my cute face
You have heard that happiness comes from within so why do you spend most of your time looking outside? Within...acceptance no understanding!
Wow, today I twet some criticisms of our glorious president and saw a NET GAIN of one follower. Things are turning around for America.
Feels like this draft is FLYING. Kind of surprised Jets go with Coples & his work effort concerns, but we know not to be surprised by Rex...
Yall to MFs just gave me a hell of a laugh..
#mtvnews #mtv Excited to be going to my first award show tonight - MTV Movie Awards
Can't a girl get a break already! F! Another M!
Decals in production... we'll be ready with more!
For all of my friends hooked on keek! Do any of y'all have one?
thanks for the retweet!
Scratch that, sun is somewhere behind this of gray and light rain. Stop playing hide and seek and show yourself at #SXSW!
"And we're just the guys to do it!!"
Ty for signing up! Enjoy your dinner!
recommend you read the graphic novels. Shit is wild and 10x better then the show.
any update on Persa's health?
Enjoy the peace of mind that comes from a good Reno property manager taking care of your Reno Apartments.
Feet hurt, ankles hurt... EVERYTHING HURT!!!
ha! That's from a song.
Today was good including class!
Busiest men find the most time. 忙しい人ほどより多くの時間を見つける。
Not seeing it, but I am on my iPhone. Will check it on my computer later!
Travel scenes, pt. I: National airport, 11:30 am Brewpub full of people drinking beer. Tempted to ask if any Christians. Refrain.
Its a great time and a great cause. Thank you in advance for supporting the Tigers Foundation! :)
those days when everything from your head to your toes hurts <<<<<<<
Search "Trayvon Portland" on Twitter. Lots of great discussion and analysis. Glad Portland is showing solidarity.
Going to get a Christmas tree today!!
Follow Joe B! RT : We will have a story on the Winterhawks and Sven Bartschi tonight on KGW's Sports Sunday 11:35pm.
Your touch is driving me crazy!
Q1 #ITChat What technology do you need to make your office more efficient? | via
Listened to 96.9 Boston today and i'm losing confidence in humanity
I love that my tattoo artist knows exactly what I want!!! Yay #3 😃👍
Great music and nice dudes catch them on the rest of the Hood Slung tour!
Sponsors open discussion in House Ed on SB15, the ASSET bill that would set special tuition rates for undocumented students.
Damn I want that kiss SMH
Road Trip today, talk tonight...
My OFFICIAL 8,000th tweet is dedicated to !!!!! LOVE YOU!!!! <3
blast from the past!
I faintly remember breathing on your bedroom floor. Where I Iaid and told you, but you sweared you loved me more.
Lol, why you think I don't care?
“: That is a tune. And Mary is smashing that smooth as hell hook.” thanks dude
i wish karilyn would stop talking about alice cooper. i could not care less.
I'm very tired and my left wrist hurts really bad
- Anyone know the RETIREMENT AGE for Poplar Bluff School District????!
still believe that Fakers bench is nothing but flukes!
pretty much
will do :)
Getting better. Should have vision by 4th of July. Thanks for asking
I think it's HILARIOUS how people make hate accounts for someone. I mean seriously do u have nothing better 2 do so you make a hate account?
so true
yes it could!
We do one thing...
Thanks for the #FF. Happy Friday! RT :
ill be runnin extra long after last night
Stupid girl ruins everything.
sorry I was at a meeting and it's just like who she is and how she's changed.
Lol yeah i kinda was wrong.. sorry, next week will be just as good though
If drumsticks are for playing drums, are breadsticks for playing bread?
Thanks Wells Fargo Bank for denying most credit card charges the past 5 months. "Together We'll Go Far"? Maybe "Better Not Go Too Far!"
Hope everyone is having a good day*.
idk just wanted you to make sure that's what you want cus thats a big step
Take a moment tonight to reflect on what matters most to U & then focus your life around what U believe is most important & worth pursuing.
The secret to a good chinese place is a Color or Animal in the name. Golden wok, Green Dragon(Xtra good), Green Bo.
'Captain America' was a really good film and did not disappoint.
um rude!! You have no room to talk since you kept ditching!!!
tomorrow is my last day of high school.... ah, so weird. time flies.
starting to think there are two separate conversations: representation of dig surrogates v collection presentation
I sound like a frog
NM DOE Oversight Bureau chief unsure how many barrels of WIPP-bound low-level #LANL rad waste are at Area W, ~2 miles from fire
Evan Turner's voice sounds like Walt Jr.
Any recommendations for a good book publicist?
Listening to. TI this am....makes me remember I'm so A T L
good things are happening!!
Rooting for the Lakers
supernatural marathon continues...
Success is a ladder that cannot be climbed with your hands in your pocket
People are so not loyal
which part u comin to?
lol they make you want to get out of the bus or move seats >_<
Denver, 5 days away from my baby girl..... Rough!
Lovely! And so true, especially for a (yawn) Monday morning. Thanks for the mention!
I am turning into a bitch, a bitch that is failing half of her college classes. The tables have officially turned from high school.#college?
Make a Referral Monday - For powerful e-mail marketing with great ROI for your business go to:
Planning things for the weekend.
Let's get those #FF goin!
New York. But thats just mine. They are in my friends Asks calling me an asshole.
Your really trying to start something with me today. Haha your a fucking joke. Today is not the day so #fuckoff #bitch .
#happybirthday to our amazing fan !!! <3
yeah right you just want me to stop tanning so you can be tanner than me. Your mind games wont work here peej
Finally saw Haywire last nite. Really enjoyed it, great job by Soderbergh and Gina Carano rocks as a kick-ass super soldier.
#Madmen? Oh, was there are program on too? All I saw was a litany of ads, with some unriveting stuff in-between.
Congrats & ! Good luck & thanks for all the help over the years. I'll be looking for Allen to speak in Denver.
OK--except it's got to be a Panama. Visors and I don't work well together. :)
I want to! So hopefully yes
Busy sending out 2012 Markeitng plans for #golfcourses & #golfclubs, if you run a course and are interested contact me (989)858-0652!
#Tweagles Alum! RT : S/O to for getting some love on the today
Starting today & going all week- is donating 10% of sales to keep your classes tax free. Get or add on to your membership today!
Made me smile. lol
Blondes don't like other blondes. Fact.
Just voted for the merge:)
Putting area golf courses into my Outlook to sync with my phone so I have their numbers in the field.
Happy Fat Tuesday!!!
i hope you guys are having so much fun !!! <3
Chilling with Cara, Averi, Brandon, Rylee and girl who has phone babies. :) good day(:
Phil Simms says it's unusual that you're not on your back. Anything you'd like to let us know?
check your listing for Sennheiser HD 280 headphones. The lowest price link is the wrong model and I am seriously disappointed! : (
Meeting at 5:30 that i'm totally ready for! You say you need a blogger/social networking expert? Yeah, I got that ;)
I'm hungry
let us know if you need help Bob, we are happy to do it!
Justin Bieber on tmz. ~Le gets excited.
I got a bitch who spanglish , she keep her bangles danglin and da cocaine is right up in her anus !
Presenting this morning with the CIO of Portland State about Prioritizing Projects through IT Governance - 8:30 in Broadway IV
Thanks for the S/O homie...hope to work with you soon :)
When people say YOLO...do you honestly think you live twice? stupid ass
I can't wait to be 21. Broad Ripple every weekend!
I've been told I bear an uncanny resemblance to Matt Damon. If he had Down's Syndrome that is
Sorry I won't be at #4c12 to see your panel, would love to read/hear the prez's, great trailer!
you never know what the next person is going thru
Wedding day be damned, THIS is the happiest day of my life!!!!!!!
Thanks to Monster Prof for the shout out for #PopSouth!
Love putting 'Fringe' style real-world titles in every video project I can.
Coach Warren and the Men are in the ASUN Tourney as the 8th seed! #fearthefin. Let's Go!!! Play belmont on wednesday!!!
congrats on ur performance on dwts. It was awesome!
Had to drive up to Lake Forest & back in rush hour traffic. Ugh.
could u please stop secdeucing, and hypnotizing me with your funbags? There making my eye twitch. #2brokemartha ;-(
None, but people of strong passion are capable of rising to greatness. -Gabriel Riqueti Mirabeau
use it as you see fit...
Gotta be honest - that Paul Ryan meme going around makes me puke in my mouth a little bit.
So the gf and I are going to Hawaii in June and guess who's playing? Expect a little easy coast love in paradise.
It's news now because of the increasing hyper-sensitivity in our culture.
TY! It's a blessing & a curse, as they say. LOL In the long run, more a blessing, my mom gets pegged 4 my sister all the time!
I just finished watching #TheVoice. My crush on Tony Lucca has been reawakened & DAMN! The battle between Jesse & Anthony was EPIC!!!
HEY BABE WHATS UP???
CO Senate State Affairs Comm getting detailed explanation of proposed changes to early literacy bill.
Following jakewolf on instagram is about as close as i will ever get. Hes absolutely AMAZING.
Happy Mothers Day Shoutout To All The Beautiful Mothers Out There. Being A Mom Is The Hardest Responsibility On Earth. Today's Your Day!
Everybody needs to #FOLLOW ! She's super cool and has great tweets! (:
Thanks :) went very well! nice!
thats awesome! We won't stop being epic if you won't! 😄
Hey Arlene! so great to connect
Dallas PD is chasing car rolling just on rims through Dallas on I-30
We're looking forward to it!
We are like an unborn baby. Wicked anticipation for 9 months and then bam. We turn your world upside down in July.
Using dogs, Alamogordo narcotics agents uncovered a large ball of heroin, and several smaller pieces, in George Nevares' house and vehicles.
Art is the most intense mode of invidualism that the world has known. - Oscar Wilde
that bottle hook is solid. nice find
what is the best messaging phone these days for a texting teenager?
okay :D
Im to sexy for my shirt
I don't understand why you're trying to make conversation prior to 10 am. Its not okay.
Hahaha! Great to see you Saturday :)
I must be really uptight....
“Silence is so accurate.” ― Mark Rothko
My birthdate and my favorite Dutch painter.
Happy Heart Day! We love our Congenital Heart Defect children and ALL our miracle kids! Hope you have a happy & healthy Valentine's Day! <3
big time rush just did a dance with hats... Nowhere near as good as our Hat Trick.
The Nick Young Experience!
I not know :S
sounds fantastic! Im sitting in stopped traffic on the way to
"but really mrs. lincoln, besides that, what did you think of the play?"
psyched for 's last class at tonight
What Do Interviewers Notice First About You? - U.S. News &amp; World Report
I'm astonished charges $99 to install internet in an apartment that had cable already. By "astonished," I mean "pissed."
He wants to send me a screen saver. I wonder what that's going to be about
Have you joined our mobile club? Free gifts are on your way text SUNSET to 55800.
Filming a music video tonight with MoeJoRising. Show tomorrow night at the Rock Room in #PolishHill..its #30Realm innit
So dudes window wouldnt roll up.. so he opend an umbrella and pushed it through! Imagination at its finest lmao!!
yes, I'm pretty convinced you have a virus.
thanks for the retweet from a true Lions fan
Polling place change go to: ://vpa.wi.gov/VoterSearchScreen.aspx Fill out info, click on name, and scroll down to lower right.
The remix is my fav. version of that song. Have a great weekend, chica! :)
Anyone need a #Coachella ticket? A friend is selling one for the second weekend - get at me.
I don't care what someone has to say bout me, but it's another thing when I was actually a friend to them
.. when train stood for an hour to the end and see the man, in his mountain of an engine, dark hissing living steel, bandana on head ...
Thank you. :)
A Look at the 3 Stages of Degenerative Disc Disease
: Thanks for the shout out!
If I don't laugh, I'll cry! :)
#BieberOnTLC go watch it on the t.v.! Ah! Right noww!(:
he didn't leave a giant impression, but I didn't dislike. Theyre most likely doing Winter Soldier, huh?
Great, another jersey shouldn't be buying at this point in his life
Yes! Agree. V. Challenging to get strangers to talk amongst themselves.
- bra you do Tatz ?
#Breastfeeding uses an extra 300-500 calories every day!
I'm living the lack of #Denver house inventory! Today, we were scheduled to see 4 new listings... 3 are now under contract!
Keep your head up
LEVEL UP! Guts +2 Heart +3 Smarts +1 Will +1 Glow +500 : Finding a lite brite in the garage score!
get err
#thingsteacherssay don't pack up there's still a minute left! Ooh ya cause the two words I can right done in a minutes matters! shutup!!
Come out tonight to urban heat in mesa. Live performances by n more!
The power to endure comes from everlasting strength.
Sounds good, We're planning a trip to NC to visit 's parents in early Sept. When do you get back?
whhhhaaat?! you so crazy!
♪And With A Tear In My Eye Give Me The Sweetest Goodbye That I Ever Did Recieve♪ ~
add Whole Foods to the parking lot death trap list
My heartfelt prayers go out to the victims' families and the injured persons of the attacks on the fine people of Oslo,Norway.
I like people who lie. Lol, not. I ALWAYS know.
saw the two greatest people ever tonight <3
Happy Hour at Buddha-Bar until 7! $5 select cocktails, appetizers and sushi. Do it, do, do it!
Love Monday's notices of weekend sales. Thanks to our awesome fans & customers, we truly appreciate your support this holiday season!
I dislike this high ass gas!
Cheers to the weekend btw
Creating a Mother's day tribute video for my mama <3
My books are here! You can order at jennifershaw(dot)com. I'm so excited!!
Good luck!
It's telling that all the audience comments are indeed comments and not questions.
because your high! “: food > functions. lol”
I got them off VIP nation there was 4 left when I did and I bought two so it depends on what ones you want most are sold out
Told you wouldnt win the competition, Lets call it even! since you won the game!
it's not what it's all cracked out 2 b kinda boring if u ask me
yea, i wish they stop the mj/lbj comparison
I hate waking up from a dream that I can't remember, but can't help feeling was somehow important. it's very unnerving.
enjoy your red ring to rule them all
Wow -.- lolss i love dancing along with Your bg ^.^
RT : Woo Hoo! It's Friday and is in the Yoo Hoo room at Flapper's comedy in Burbank tonight at 930!...
So true! RT You have to see the fountains at the Bellagio they are beautiful to watch!!
Not too shabby!
Or at least hire a professional for ur colour. Rt or better yet... Get your DAMN roots done!!!
I will write a report called "Cat Rules/Training" -- do you think it will go out as a gift?
Breakfast with the Hipsters again and more work on the StoryForge app. Looks nice on my Ipad 3.
I know something bouta happen
Reading the staff report on AT&T/T-Mo from - best example of "expert agency" work I've seen in years. Great work.
I have the "Sexy Blue Eyes" Palette and the "Mysterious Brown Eyes" Palatte.. they usually have these on sale & coupons
Well this is just peachy..~_~
Dance party took a turn for the worse upon hearing "Tonight I should have stayed at home / Playing with my pleasure zone". Ew.
Gettin ready to party with my favorites of the summer<3
Keeping my fingers crossed that we are done with the hurls, trots, hunger strike, & anal gland explosion pet fun. Been great, but I'm done.
Haha this is true, the cookies could have been a little bit warmer/softer/gooey-er buuttt i'm not complaining for $1.75 :)
Getting proposal together for FETC.
oh ok yu gettin mad at me
thanx eris! I'm glad you enjoyed it! did you download it? :D keep on spreading the word! I'm gonna try out next season!
na. Single life when I leave the country. LOL
So excited! RT : Best news ever: is coming to Uptown.
WHITE HOT HEAT!!!
#SheWantsSexIf she just boldly unzips your pants & starts sucking your dick! Then again maybe she just likes sucking your dick. ¯\_(?)_/¯
": Looking at your smile is also a source of happiness for me."
oh okay well yes definitely let me know mine on the 12th we can go all out!!!!!!
you must have google handy to pull that name out!
Yea some sort of hybrid will be born there for sure. I'm excited for that will definitely be interesting.
pinterset is cool and all, but you cant custom the way your boards look at all. super annoying.
good morning Austin! Hope you have a great day!(:
how did it feel to stand in front of that hippo?
QualityNM is hosting "Learn & Breakfast" on October 7 at Embassy Suites. Register at www.qualitynewmexico.org.
longG day..but hey im stll here wit my fam so im grateful..Thank U God
It's not too late to take advantage of the 40% discount for our upcoming Foundation Class - which begins TONIGHT! Email .
she has been duly warned and taught to filter on her own.
Thanks Let's grab coffee when you have a chance.
never could beat me
girl: Take off the condom. boy: Why? girl: YOLO! boy: If you get pregnant YOYO! girl: What? boy: (You on your own!)”
shit bored in class
Ppl don't use their imaginations enough anymore. Great episode~
"he's so cute, but he's not cute" what
Kay, just leave me here with your friends..
Not only am I not engaged, I don't even have a boyfriend. -__- someone shall pay for this prank
LOL SURE! Bring them on!
It seems like it would have been better to save our Ace for AZ instead of Wolf who's claim to fame is being friends wit CC.
#idol - Jessica is so comfortable on stage. Yet another great performance. She is the one to beat, for sure.
A quote that inspires us to work hard n realise the value of time.Every drop of sweat at young age will reduce ten drops of tears in old age
id shut you down though
why limit happiness to one hour? coffee happy hour is from 3 to 6! all coffee drinks are half off
love u too boo! Gotta look out for da hometeam!
can u DM ME BACK I LOOVE U <3
You should skype with this Friday! It's her birthday and that would be an amazing present :D
Happy Early Birthday ! (: #havethebestbdayever ! ;D
Lets Go Montero!
Sad movie over yes but it was a good movie at the same time! Sad but good! :):(
The weather is so perfect but I'm much too tired to take notice.
I know
What's good bro...
"Okay" if you say so.
I thought people in #ATX were wussie about the weather. It's raining hard in SF, and the city is in state of emergency...
~ Good idea! I never thought of that.
Last but not least, congrats to Flower on tying Barrasso in shutouts and wins! So many great things happened this season.
Left home for school again
apparently. Lol craziness!
A lil birdie told us u were looking 4 us.Pls spread the word&tune in2 WSOC TV 2nite at 5 p.m. for 's story
": she will never be wifey material!! EVER!" maybe not 4 u but I find that hard to believe just my thoughts tho
* name correction from earlier tweet--- Sergio Rayon --- We apologize for the error
I'll pass on that one.
Netflix must go forward, not backward, upward, not forward, and always twirling, twirling, toward freedom.
Dog walkers needed! Stop in and apply today!! :)
I wish you were better so things could go as planned! #callmemaybe?
How to admire and not envy, this is the rub.
So happy for Viola Davis and the cast of the Help! Great film!
Who dares to teach must never cease to learn. ~John Cotton Dana
New hashtag for me:
she said her jaw hurts so i expected that her knee's did too
guys if you need followers tweet me so i can help. :)
Friday! Friday! Friday! Friday!.. Sorry, that is all I got for today.
Organisms are prepared for the digital world--they ave been doing it for 3 mill years.
+1 RT : I get asked often: "what is the single most important trait for a person who wants to work at a startup to have?" Curiosity.
I rewatched Iron Man again last night, still one in my top 10 favorite movies. :D
Reminds me of Ricky Jackson. How about lil ricky.Looks like a linebacker dog.
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.
I met Eminem once He was pretty awkward. His palms were sweaty, knees weak, arms were heavy, there was vomit on his shirt, mom's spaghetti.
“The best political, social, and spiritual work we can do is to withdraw the projection of our shadow onto others.” ― C.G. Jung
There is nothing better than spending time with family. Safe travels & I'll see you next month :)
Liam Flynn or James Joyce
Back home in #MKE . It is a 75 degree temperature swing.
Ubisoft press conference is more insufferable w/o Joel McHale
#ThingsICantStand r when people r world 2 me vent 2 me n they have 2 have that sad period of time n I can't b there to confert them :(
My Documents of Contemporary Arts books came today! The Cinematic and The Archive.
#Yolo = You Only LIve Once *
am weirded out by the white upper class type people "dancing" at alterra to lcd soundsystem and the talking heads.
RT me please so my data base can grow
This is the one and only time that I am going to thank my cousin for playing video games.<333333(:
What about in-app alerts?
I'll be at the event and can't wait to see you ladies!
Who wants a free massage, health screening, cooking demo, red make-up touch-ups and more? Visit the Go Red Health Expo at Macy's...
Get to it mister. I pre-ordered mine!
Have you laughed yet today? This is one of YouTube's most viewed clips..funny!
My hero too good for him for speaking out i belive in karma and those bullies will get there's in the end
Closed for some big catering jobs this weekend. We'll see y'all Monday!
wow, my last show was today.
I don't like sittin with my legs crossed, it makes me feel like a girl.
Ps3 By Myself On A Friday Night WoW Ima Loser): Hmu?
Prince did do some of his best work with mayte I do agree
yo, in front of the law school, but I can come meet ya wherever
Spain? Uh.....drink the wine.
SO DO I AND I WANT TO C BO&HOPE TODAY ALSO
okay what time?
it is good!
No problem, boss. Anytime. Let me know when you wanna get crackin' on those bullpen shirts. Got a few ideas in the works.
Ok, the idea of a "butthurt notice" has me laughing uncontrollably!
Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education. ~Mark Twain
Was playing 200/400 mix at bellagio. everyone took a dinner break... which brings me to Krung Siam Thai restaurant! :)
Send to West Allis please! We have a bar crawl of 20!
preach it baby.
Tried to dm---app wasn't having it. Be great to meet up, put face to a name. You still around?
Truth is fools done let the game get pass skills, money don't make you raw,practice does. I practice what I preach so that makes me perfect.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ The sure conviction that we could if we wanted to is the reason so many good minds are idle.
OKC Just Blocked Lakers Like 4 Times In A Row
Let's go
Marketers: "exclusive webinar" is an oxymoron.
And it was money well spent! RT : Richard Garriott: 50,000 people paid $5 to beta test Ultima Online in 1997
Oh my goodness! Oh my goodness! 9 MORE to Go before someone gets a FREE iPOD!! :)
Thanks. Can't DM you till you follow me though.
We have 300-400 people. Sponsors get their logo on our websites, emails, & slides at the event. Hope you can make it!!
Had fun today... With my sister and son. Im a proud Mother!!
Olivet's fries >>>>
We use that regularly for salad dressing. Vinegar, EVOO, salt, pepper & a little dijon mustard.
been challenged to a Droid vs. IPhone duel by an 8th grader to see what phone is the best. Droid users what tricks should I use to win?
wow you werent kidding when you said america had little interest in you guys. just saw the vid when you all were in vegas :/
Loosing is not for champions as success is not for desire alone.
Submarine. Bob's Burgers. Uncle Boonmee...
Pandora is picking really well today -- I've had it choose all sorts of songs I forgot I liked!
#Norway at #CPD2012 : we need to protect and promote human rights including sexual and reproductive rights.
DJ entertainment for all events! All types of music specializing in house music and latin. All genres available.
Things are better now no worries (:
Off to Seattle soon, all by myself :/..it's worth it to go see and the rest of OF.
i love reading your tweets(:
I'm so mad I have school tomorrow -_-
i'm glad to know that Bridgewright was an actual profession that you could be in the 1830s.
it was pretty funny but some stuff was so fake XD
thanks for the add A
either way, i think what you all do is important. keep it up.
Don't think about it be about it
great, and yourself? :)
Wish you were here.
So many $ figures being thrown around promiscuously. somewhere a Republican felt a shiver down their spine. Newt I'm looking at you
Promote your Business with Zbynet Media Network. Coming soon.
ha! I enjoy a good rainbow! A double rainbow?
I have all #Ravens fantasy players, but I want the #Chargers to win
Wilhelm notes that Seniors are the most talented and most optimistic Americans - we need them online
Our Christmas sale is extended through this whole week! Excluding Monday and Tuesday when we're closed. Through July 31st! Christmas in July
Bachelorette tonight, much needed girl time!
launched plan to end vet homelessness by 2015 in 28 cities & rural communities by raising awareness of svcs available vets.
Have I done any of my homework this break? Nope. Do I plan to? Nope.
sometimes you gotta do things fa yoself, and say fuck everybody else
~Time off for good behavior?
thanks for all the support! <3
♥♥♥ oh yea i got the heart power noww ♥♥♥
I am great, thanks. Lots of happiness. How about you? Update me! “: love you!! How are you?”
was off my phone for a few minutes then saw your instagram post!:(( Please follow Me back on instagram it's: meganfoye
Pretty much anything made by Specialized is a good bet when it comes to bike components.
Linked my students final projects on my website. Excited that I could link kmz files.
looks like the Tolbert Mathews start was a bad idea.
When you have wait for something to happen, forget about it in an instant and take action on something to build your business.
he got the takedown, but Hendricks clearly did the most damage in the stand up. I'm not upset over the decision.
Even at your worst, I will still choose to believe the best in you.
thanks bud...I appreciate it. lol
where you at girl!?
Have you considered drinking? I hear that's popular in New Orleans.
there's a big cardinal hunt in Louisville this weekend.
CONTEST ALERT! The 200th person to like our page gets a #FREE copy of "Children's Songs for #Therapy"!!!”
{OPPORTUNITY} Alright all my lovely people!!! I need to know.... Who would like an opportunity to become an affiliate for my products...
Dear whoever signed up on my mailing list as "Crackow Stinkybits," Thank you. :) :)
I don't care what anyone says...Lesnar legit busted Cena in the mouth, was not an accident.
What the mind forgets the heart remembers"
RT I have the most amazing husband in the world! Love nights like tonight! Muah world! Sweet dreams!!
Headed to Denver on Friday for Among Friends Conference. Hope to see Denver Twitter friends there!
deadline is not until September.
thanks man. Good to meet you.
Margs and laying out with Mama Jen!
love that song!!!!
hope we can reconnect next week when we are in NYC.
I flipped my cig out of my hands :(
-Picks You Up-
Hearts for the Mets!!!! Keep it up boys!!!!
try to live in big city like NYC where people still live in 50 square feet apt. Find a vol. can be daily challenges
Just Dance :-)
Glad we didn't violate either of those!
No snow here! Come home!
Awesome #collcons event tonight. Thanks , , , , , — so inspired!
: Thanks for the RT Kyle. With our great SD weather, everyone should be outside playing! Have a good day!
thank you
Done and Done
On my way to Sports Club again at Crowne Plaza. BUR, I'm still smiling:). Going to my other hotel today. Quite the adventure here in NY.
Miss universe swimsuit contest
I knew I should have went to Mercy
Keep us posted on the overhaul. We're looking forward to seeing your new site! Have a beautiful day!!
I HATE
So cold outside today! Of course #Texas weather is far from the coldest but still - it's perfect for
camp still standing in Bruin Plaza. Activists doing great job with media!
Mayor discuss plans to bury I-5. I say let's use tolling to make this happen. I also believe we could simply remove it without burying it.
We just joined fellow #Seattle Dem LDs in support of no net losses of low-income housing at Yeslar Terrace.
Thought Leaders in Cloud Computing: Pradeep Rathinam, CEO of ...
I'm a pro at procastinating!
Don't start something you cant finish.
Action learning from hearing her pitch for engagement strategy.
I'll walk away from a situation before entertaining
if something actually did happen between us. what would stop him from cheating on me with someone else, you know?
I love teenage girls
They do around here
guess not. Have a great day at B1G T&F Championships, got beautiful weather for it.
Seriously, it's fantastic.
Save water.......drink beer!
Dead Hearts screening.
Long live Princess Cate, 20% off English teas to celebrate!
yep. Give me a sec
ours are next weekend! (not this one obviously since mothers day) lol ! and umm im not sure! hopefully (: !
followed:D
hey can yue follow me plzz
I hate looking at uncommented, unclear code. I keep thinking "wtf is going on here?"
Whipped them off when I read this! RT : Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
sory my iPod is being gay:/
Aight, Paul Pierce, Ray Allen, Kevin Garnett, Shaq, Rondo, Rasheed Wallace, Sam Cassell, Nate Robinson
I feel like is my sister
Ah - see, I think the better written YA novels I've enjoyed don't focus as much (if at all) on that aspect!
Was able to snag a couple of tickets for #sundance tomorrow! I live in SLC and it would be criminal not to spend some time there right?
LOL. I don't know yet. 70/30 against. I'll be running at least 7 hours this weekend, I'm sure.
last exam tmrw at 9am: Political Theory. home on thursday.
haha she really is !just makin sure you saw her view on
I'm sure I read that somewhere.
Neuroscientists are still learning when NOT to apply optogenetics-based strategies in circuit manipulation. Be question-driven.
I hope you find what your looking for cause later on down the road baby I might not be there waiting for you anymore.
. suggests taking #CFB out of academia to make a minor league.
come and see us soon then! :)
This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. Elbert Hubbard
#BOYFRIEND is on the radio!! Thanks to <33
thanks guys, will check it out :)
Just closed lined a bitch who tried stealing a mcchicken
I think I already do
Riffing on epic battle ideas today, my kids came up with Hydra vs. Barbie. Barbie would win, say girls. Why? "She has high heels." (duh)
thanks so much!
don't get mad at me, should of told the bus monitor that shit when she was talking that shit to you! 😭😂😭😂😭😂
These guys and their gay Twitter pranks.
I think he got tripped up by his own man.
yeah the on the go advantages of mbox&laptop, I used2 travel tutor and travel studio all the time, can charge more if u go to them
Thanks for the RT ! Have a cubby day!
Its so much that I ain't experienced...smds
UK to ban displays of cigarettes, tobacco in shops: All shops in England will be banned from openly displaying
2012 gaga's year... Gaga will be releasing a new album. Madonna won't be releasing a new album. How is it madonna's year too? No offense...
Mom: ok, I'm going to bed. Me: ok, let me change the sheets Mom: why? Have u been having sex in them?
Not an official deadline, but a self-imposed one. Trying to finish YA revision before SCBWI conf in late February!
...and don't forget the joker!
Oh how blessed I am!!
i really love this song :)
Another Rock station dies so News/Talk may live on FM: Cox's WHTQ (96 Rock)/Orlando is the latest, as WDBO goes to an AM/FM simulcast.
Approved to go to #tla in April! *happy dance*
Gotcha. How can I send them to you because I'm heading to school now? I have a few panorama shots, but none with the grass.
Got my Holga today. Watch out for mad snapper.
Obama certainly had fun hanging out with the 1 percent last night raking in millions
Up before the sun to celebrate the Son! Happy Easter everyone!
(follow me, I'll follow back)
please don't feel that way. Your posts meant a lot to me, and I am sure to others.
So cool!
I'm amazed at how our #fowd speakers can be powerful without being hokey or treacly. We have a "no treacle" policy.
i have your personal number lmfaoooo xD
Don't you just love it when you find the opposite sex lookalike of someone you know? Haha
What a crazy, busy day of photo-snapping! I had so much fun with everyone and can't wait to get all your pics done...
Lech Walesa and Mikhail Gorbachev reached out across the stage and shook hands #nobel summit 2012
I've got to make an appearance @ a retirement party, but then I'm in
I automatically delete all emails that start "Dear the librarian"
If you text a girl (who literally has zero feelings for you) just a number trying to imply something, chances are
Stay tuned!! xx
nothing better than kids. Especially when they are consciously showing you that they love you! It means you did something right!
have to get out of here and enjoy a little life today hope you can do the same!
Don't Forget
My Fingers Are Al Sticky XD
Coming up shortly Dr. Jill Ricke on on !!! Stay tuned!!!
RT : Keep Main Street alive: Shop #Downtown, Support #Independents, Support #Community. Keep Your Town Vibrant
LOL gay!! RT : miss you daddy!
#DirectionersAreDisrespectful we're fabulous.
Am busy writing in beats and clapping rhythms, as one often does when learning 20th-c music. "1-e-and-a-2-and-a...da-FOUR..."
Happy Veterans Day!
“: good luck! I'll keep my fingers crossed for yaa” thanks boo!! drinks soon!!
Hey Liam ! I LOVE You !!! -- Love your Surfer girl down here in Hawaii :)
Hey tweeps I'm selling 4 rangers tix in bleachers for 6-21 vs Astros face value is $15 each. Anybody interested? please retweet!!!
Fantastic dinner tonight Great to see you Thanks again and we'll be back soon Chef!
Fig & Olive crackers with quince spread.
TREE INFO- Don't forget to start culling fruits from fruit trees so they don't touch! This will help with worms, scab, general developement
Vegas tweeps- I'm thinking of abandoning my cable service and geting satellite or another service. What do you use alternatively? Thanks!
The big takeaway from last night's splendid / concert in Toronto: 's parents are awesome.
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him :))
Socks with sandals!!!!! One of my biggest pet peaves!!!! No time!
Don't you have pie?
Dog days are over.
All students of all colors (not just green$$$) deserve a better education! Children living in poverty need & deserve better!
greens , rice & neckbonez
David Hall, CEO of CMTA cmtausa.org: People with Charcot-Marie-Tooth #CMT across country should get involved in the fight www.cmtausa.org
THE CONVO'S ME AND IS HAVING RIGHT NOW ON SKYPE DOE >>>>>>
and open a can of marinara sauce and drink it with a straw while i put pea pods in between my feet :)
It's Beastie Boys all day in the cart today.
the beauty of a women must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
Cant decide whether I want to stay natural or relax my hair. Im torn
I may have just gotten a new job for a new A&E series as a c47 wrangler.
“: We love Chicago's growing craft beer scene. If you can it, we'll carry it! We proudly carry Finch's Cut Throat,.
Man I wish I was riding with you today!
good luck gurl if you go to pro!!! Crazy b* tches jst do it for the win! Buh don't let it get tu yu!:)
#ADay was way too intense but now ready for some #HungerGames !!
oh I am awful! I've been writing some of my turns because my iPhone screen is too small to draw things like Bruce Lee haha
Martha : "..like Harry Potter." The Doctor : "Oh, wait till you read book seven. I cried."
KIT digital Introduces Integrated Multiscreen Entertainment Solution With IBM Smarter Commerce
out of the 2 on the court for KU if u cant get a shot off he has to go to bench
I told and he ran off to look it up. I'd like to hear I Wanna Dance with Somebody. Fleet Foxes has a cover of it out there.
"They shall know that I am the LORD their God,...that I may dwell among them: I am the LORD their God."~Exodus 29:46
On the circulator to #Georgetown with the dumbest group of tourons ever, they are going to Georgetown Cupcake of course.
oh u aint kno? I'm a Maintenance Man.. I'm about to be in LA fixing that plumbing
I was ready to ask Buck Showalter last night when he might make a move on Guerrero. The future HOF is on the bench tonight.
Hey SWEET CAROLINE!.... BUM BUM BUM!
Will Do!
I Had To Close The Curtain A Couple Niggas That's Why I Only Fuck With A Couple Niggas
i'll pay anyone to read this chapter in mythology for me
Another long pass | NU in red zone again | Sack ends third quarter |
To the Yankees with my Yankee-loving boys. I just want an exciting game, a good look at Nova -- & a steak sandwich.
Nine days of school left
Dim Sum with Aunt Julie and Sarah in Chinatown!
Only 6 two-bedroom homes remain at BLU!
have you seen any interesting startups in turbomachinery / manufacturing?
me: "just chasing the dream." you: "yeah, just chasing the dream?" me: "yeah." you: "yeah..."
that was my friend who wrote that to taylor swift. she doesn't have a twitter btw
Join The Tritonics at the East Town Market on Tuesday, July 26! You'll be treated to some reggae vibes!
I Wouldn't Either, I Would Love It If Was My Big Brother :)
LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark just a block from the zoo has an excellent lunch menu and a wonderful atmosphere. Check us out!
BOY AM I FULL!
Off to with #waitingforlefty !
how about fleury goes in goal for the #Pens #Sabres game! please!!!!
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream.
I need you for the June Santo party.I have the hair and nails covered,need your skills for the outfit and makeup!
Use your smile to change this world. Don’t let this world change your smile.
wtf?! How.does that even happen? Weird. Miss you woman!
This will be the real est shit I ever rote free my brother bitch
": I really need Miami!!" Hm
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU AND HAPPY 16th!
omg how was it!!
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get inside deals and news!! Share with your friends so they can "like" us too!
Is it possible to come to a majority consensus on the best song ever in the world?
whenever I see corgi, I think of you!
But, that doesn't mean that many people actually read those tweets. It's the *potential* audience size. 2/2
Waking up to ur parents screaming is annoyig af.
the greatest places in the known universe are actually here in KY! I'm sure it's scientifically proven! :-D
Cheese and Wine Pairing class tonight with Taste Cheeses at the Andaz Hotel. 6:30pm. Cheers!
They downstairs making pancakes. Watch who offer me one? Nobody lol
I wonder if any guy has even been jealous of my male friendships
Did 2 Chainz really say that on
When y'all tying the knot?
You only live once that's the motto baby #yolo 😃
YAY! SO happy to hear it!
My twitter skills are shitty
YES to magic! RT Oh that I could deliver RGB (aka magical hangover cure) to all of the people of the world.
"We need to be part of the conversation, we need to be part of the voice of America" - Nely Galan Latinos shouldn't marginalize themselves
Yes sirs! We expect lots of vintage-ey pictures of Dave topless while you guys are on the road. Holla!
TCGD... Perfect buying opportunity!!! Slap the ask!!!
#ThirstyThursdays right now !
Great day bouncing around Nob Hill and stumbling upon the Earth Day festivities with the wife & puppy
I don't think it was a coincidence!
When life hands u lemons... Squirt it somebody's eye. ☂
been playing indie games of late
Congratulations to on your #PerfectGame and your mention!
Thats what i like to hear, get it done Big Game James :3 Its on the table, take it!
Heading out to Phoenix!
If you can complete each other's sentences, you'll eventually just stop talking. Someone who challenges you will bring lifelong adventure.
dare you not turn up at the weekend you Toons!
frank sinatra and coffee <3
Gotta make some changes
I truly want a job with a passion because I dont wana rely on other people for money, especialy my mom.
Let's have a fruitful week!!!
are you ready for #Fringe S4 finale? Wouhouuuuuu
Good morning! White Sox play Seattle today at 1:05 at Camelback ranch!!
Book is coming!
Pat D talks Sports coming on up...
Thanks for the follow ! Would love to chat once we find a drummer and can start playing shows again
Look, I'm no George W Bush fan, but I don't get the hate over him naming his cat Bob. It's cute! That cat probably thinks its people anyway.
Vice is its own reward. It is virtue which, if it is to be marketed with consumer appeal, must carry Green Shield stamps. -Quentin Crisp
Is it Friday yet?
where is the game being shown?
Hit-Girl is my motivation.
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing! me too!
We don't bite, (much). We promise! RT: that's quite an imposing list of artists.
hey I gotta try that one would be a good one
I disagree. They shouldn't play baseball in Toronto either? Or football anywhere warm?
#traveltip always check the hotel room 2x before you checkout!
... stay tuned for new album and first show in the fall. Shanna is healing fast, should be back to banjo soon. that's another story....
our pleasure Tori! truly looking forward to it :) i'll be in touch soon when things settle down a little :) ~john
For those in Madison, I will be back on October 19 to present my new book at the Wisc Book Festival at Overture Center.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
sorry I just had to.
TransAtlantic pipeline - biggest env disaster in 2002 that never happened: 7.9 EQ and not a drop of oil spilled -Applegate
Who to cheer for on this one or I don't care for either of them.
What You Should Know About Real Estate Valuation
I cracked my freakin iPod screen !!!!!!
hey wat u up to today
Hi Joy. It's been busy but productive. How about you?
Warhol Campbell Tomato Soup canvas makes me hungry I grew up on that soup RT : Just two more days to see "Picasso to Warhol"
#3wordsthatwomenhate you're so moist
he never ate that kumquat!
Life and it's daily bullshit doe.
Get those Heaters checked out for this cold weather!!
thanks frank! We will discuss how to make teachers better and students more successful without ever talking about content!
did you move and not tell me?
45 mile ride today. Let me just say this, the wind is just mean. Rotating pace lines to try to hold 12 mph. Ridiculous. Still had a blast.
- Good! I wanted you guys to do something different.
Don't bunt, please don't bunt
Hey, ReRe you see did sang you a special Bday wish! #LuvMeSumVickie//Thanks , Life is Beautiful!
Liturgy at was great tonight. Long, fun day... ready for the farmer's market, homework-ing, and King Khan tomorrow
when KD came Doc said he gives us 2 players so AB can play the SG. My momma can pass n handle better than KD. didnt work at all
RIP Whitney Houston
HBD Lincoln wish ya all da best
Glad you like it :)
So thirsty. Omg
I do not think so!
check your facebook messages please ! It`s important (:
Glee should write in the Crawford girls! Female version of the Warblers-yes! Girls were cute esp 3 on the end. Do they sing?
#IfIHadThePower I'd stop #police from hassling people and get them to protect and serve-- their original purpose.
Gave The Feed Zone Cookbooks to three different friends as gifts. All have raved about them! Thanks !!!
#NHL Hockey, like #INDYCAR Racing, must be seen live to be truly appreciated.
SAME I'M ON PAGE 30 ITS STILL NOT HERE
please do... Been through 2 piano players already #catscanthackit! Enjoy the road!
I love 's quotes :) it's amazing!
I hate being home
Okay watching Real Sex on HBO really makes me want to do it in the mud.... srsly.
I'll never let you down.
Do you have a favorite food truck here in SD? Why not show them a little love and write them a Yelp review telling the world how great...
love black too!
ah I'm sorry!!!!! Tell everyone I miss them!!
Hello, buzz
Latest on Randy Moss?
Excited for my shoot with tomorrow.
Just had 3 glasses of green juice that I made with kale, cucumber, celery, parsley, ginger, apple and lemon. The best snack in this weather!
u said baby daddy lol
My father is enjoying his retirement and decided to write a blog...let's just say Dad's participles be dangl'n!
Happy Birthday to your MOM..al her fan sites are GEEKED and doing their individual SHOUT OUTs..u can hear it around daworld!
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox1
Bout to go hit the left arm a lil tonite
Taking some time this morning to catch up on our connections we made at the Home Show! Did anyone else make it out there?
Sb halloween was a success! Dont remember a lot but of what i heard i had a great timee.
I'm thinking Mavs and Bulls in the finals... ha... Uranium I said it lol, no heat
Any #Rockies fans have extra shirt given out at game Friday night...I'll trade ya subscription to Mile High Sports magazine
Thanks for the mention, Ed!
A museum in New York City may b interested in doing a teen program on the Rostam comics. Do u have illustrators in the city?
ANN BOOM!!! Let's go to the final four!
Heard you been rockin' the beast shirt. Can I score a photo?? AAAHHHH!! Amazing game!
That's great! Thanks for sharing your views with us!
- Welcome! I like your work! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Shorty is infatuated after how niggas tossed her salad
Nick Punto, your scrappy defense made me like you. Your choice of "In the Air Tonight" as walk-up music made me love you.
totally praiseworthy!
for now I'm show-free til next month, starting tomorrow i began my honeymooning for a week and then back to recording.
I’m giving more speeches on “Miamitude” these days so let me know if
Would kill to see that. RT : Oh man. The debate moderators are about to lose it.
hi Rick just received word Step Gaye passed away. Heart is heavy.
im still me.RT if ur really bored n slpy.
thanks for the nice compliment! We are glad to have helped.
Thanks for an evening of amazing music!
Woah hubspot! If all the startups in Boston start acquiring each other, you guys know you won't be startups anymore right?
Read an E Book Week starts March 4. Good deals to be had!
HOT #producer be da 1st 2 murder some new sounds and styles send me ya emails and lemme send u sum
Screw this, ima be a hobo.
Unfrick'n believable! #Come ON!!!
What makes me happier than a new tour? Seeing that they are announcing a date in NM soon. So excited!
Just saw both the #Charliesheen commercials for direcTv and Fiat. Guess he really is winning!
While I feel pretty strong on most machines , but today I tried jogging and thought my lungs were going to burst. Day15
On my way down to hear talk about Obj-C at Nothing like learning from an original NeXT instructor...
I dont know how i Deal'd with all the ish i have been through.Probably laughter and sex...which became another problem lmfa
The pursuit of serenity and happiness is by feeding our soul
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X11
So Raven Symone has come out of the closet, and why is that news?
So excited that my extended weekend went well... Hopefully next weekend will go even better!!•|• fingers crossed... :/
I DONT HATE ALEXIS HE IS SWEET AND NICE HE DID NOTHING TO ME!!!
I get unlimited female attention
im just bored aha
Let's Go BUCKS!
Oktoberfest specials all month long! Come and enjoy a 32oz Maas of our Oktoberfest for only $6.25 and pair it with some Bavarian Strudel!
Just found a lost dog......we miht keep him he doesn't have a collar and nobodies around
that's the nicest thing anyone has said to me all day ♥
