: Good morning to you too. I hope your day is good. I'm coming back to Ireland in 2013.:-D
jordan isaiah gray....not to b confused with jordan isaiah STORKS! Lol
Another boring night
You're so sweet to think of your mom. I love your voice you sing so beautiful and powerful. Loved this week's show! ♥
Woohoo! 231 facebook fans! I'm one happy girl! :)
Tx for the RT! Will check out
does Amir even fight anymore ?????
Let your status match your profile...(Lonnie Edwards)
If you are a Facebook user, please "like" the newly launched New York Institute of Finance fan page. www.facebook.com/pages/New-York-Insti…
Looking forward to a successful week!
WE NEED MORE COFFEE!
Fact or faked just literally made me scream.... Omg...
RE:#squarespace. I think it has a nice interface, but if I'm going to pay that much, I'd go with a whole hosted plan.
Yes! I can't wait. I will be there too!
According to IMDBPRO "Spec scripts sales explode in October"
could you record the voice?
Even if a person eats well, there may be a dysfunction that creates a need for a supplement. Get vitamins.
it's a little sad that vigilante justice looks safer than persuinig things the legal route...
That's cool - I would call that faith.
Trying to be a smartass..-___- (:
Heraclitus/Simondon/Deleuze help us to think about magic in relation to technology.
A few pieces at the National Gallery in DC. And then they had a major exhibit of his work (at least I think it was there)
There are wreaths being photographed in the studio today...so of course they are playing Xmas music...oh boy...
Thanks for the tip!
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
I love not having any #rules and never being grounded (:
I am addicted to that song now! My wake up anthem thanks to you!
Messed around with a new song yesterday at band practice, good stuff.
I have a few words left over from my #4c13 proposal: mummification, canasta, relegate. Take em if you need em!
I hit u on tango and it was declined. I'll hit you when I get off work at 5 if that's coo
nope, he headed to prison this morning, working the media
And the award for best Nashville blog name giving a nod to The Boss is...
These are awesome followers!
thanks...love getting the Rock Countdown to new listeners. RT“: . welcome to the family”
I was in SF last week and walked by AAU. There were tons of people coming and going. Of course, thought of you!
I have officially joined #RihannaNavy! all bcuz of #T <3
So inspired after a great alumni event tonight! Thanks !
RT : wow does "relation extraction" for text! + many other services (w/ lots of wrappers available!):...
What shall we have for dinner? Who's hungry?:)))
Some people are fucked up in the head... i swear.
Me and marco either fina hop on this 2k12 or mw3 hm..
Getting sleepy in a session listening to papers read, no slides, no illustrations.
RT : Happy #goodfriday! Make sure to visit and today for lunch!
successful online marketing strategies www.ElitePRO.ws
sorry but none of that is real
Help is on the way. Thanks for the heads up!
So excited will be judging on America's Got Talent! He even gave a shout out to my boy Brandon!
The Beginning when he meets young John Winchester!
I am her child, what can I say
have fun in Croatia. Wife always banging on about Croatia aren't you ?
Omg I have been looking for you! I've been questioning every1 with "bella" in their name lol is there any way I could see samples?
"That totally sounds like molecules ripping"
We are printing a new and beautiful bookmark that will be available for free to anyone who wants it. It is at the printers now.
Hi folks! We're still down but we finally found a new compression coil to fix the website. Hopefully we'll be back up shortly!
can some one please explain what is going on?!
Good deal! Sweet pot. fries rock! RT SMASHDAY! Free entree w/purchase of a side & soft drink...must show tweet. Exp 11/2 10pm.
OH WAIT. 1221472834072347239. just kidding. (; AHAHAH.
jst like u.
I just built a house on Idgaf avenue
Thanks Kyle!!!! Glad to be here with the rest of the world :)
#iCantShowLove to someone who refuses to show it back...
... Frederick Wentworth a tiny tiny bit at the end?
Hahah RT : how much grease is in this kids hair? Kid looks like he just did a slip n slide down a bowling lane
hahaha!!! i started cryin like seriously my mom was looking at me like if i was crazy! hehe :D
Hope you saw us looking pretty in "Weekend" section today, pg 22. Thanks, Amy Orndorff, for the scoop on 26 great gardens!
goodbye! spanish and language arts!
Too sweet to be sour, too nice to be mean.
What can I say? I'm a giver! - You guys rock BTW. My Trex deck is going strong, 5 years and counting.
Can Oprah Change the World With Video Games? - Forbes
we have a Holocaust speaker comin, choir rehearsal , choir concert, field trip, and then next week i have my final in math!
city bound!!
Loan management/income-based loan repayment session happening now in NRB. #medschool Speaker: Julie Fresne from
Want to win tickets? Lease an #apt in April and be entered for a chance to #win!
Someone's dressed up as cruger! Creepy.
Early morning workout with
Demetria I forgot to tell you, I took this girls tampon today and threw it at someone.
If u cannot go outside, try to find a place with a lot of natural light so u can see what the colors really look like.
OHMY!! LOOK AT YOUR HEAD O:
RT : I want a relationship like Jared and Savannah where they are together all the time
Deep house tonight no cover charge! Longest running house night in SD
Mom made me go to sleep at 8 last night so I could get 10 hours sleep. Huh? I don't need that much sleep. Tonight I am going to lock door.
Monday Pollen Count | Grass/Tree/Mold - Moderate at 4
hangouts on air ought to get you around the 10 limit
So, does this constitute a selective disclosure issue or is Twitter now a means of broad dissemination of info to the public?
and for anyone wondering "team money" is referring to Floyd Mayweather and the mgm grand fights tonight that Justin is going to see in Vegas
PR'd by 15 minutes this morning. Thanks to all for your amazing support! Thanks to for the great pace group
I love <3
Ain't got no love
i hope your dream comes true, that you get your iphone =)
Who needs Easter candy when you have plain baby carrots to snack on? Candy's for chumps.
Max Payne 3 looks so awesome...
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays to all that celebrate it!!!
cameron you are truly an inspiration
you may have to purchase a collage frame but yes you can
I so wanted to vote but after signing up, the system says I'm no longer qualified. 😰
idk i feel like nobody really cares about me
My kids r all i need...Candace, Chewy, nd Jake til da end of time..
I thought you'd like that one, Franklin T. Bear!
Pulled smoked pork, corn on the cob, baked potatoes, and pasta salad. :)
Got 12 hours of sleep
Amazon just told me they will make this 100% right for me.. way to go amazon. I am proud of you and Happy. Scott
Yes, thank you! Should be taken care of now. =)
true idk what u would do without me either.
Do you take your #dog everywhere with you
Get up and step up that grind everyday like its your last.
is the most beautiful woman on television
Also good catching up with Jimmy Raley from the Pegram residential over in Cary,NC. Plenty of good projects coming their way!
Do not confuse motion and progress. A rocking horse keeps moving but where the (F) does it go?
U.S. Conference of Mayors.
Separated at birth: Anna Chlumsky and Kelli Garner
will there ever be people saying "Skrillex died...that sucks."?
okay and I will Skype you babes x
“: It's your potential” Thank you!!! Makes me want to run back and work some more! ...someday. :-)
Who knew a sting from man-o-war could cause such problems.
is listening to 101 Ways to Transform your life. By Wayne Dyer
Some yummy Diamond jerky...BAAAAhahaha!
His niece said I couldn't be his gf bc I need to get married to someone... too cute!!
Can I have $5,000? I'll buy you a fathead. One love bro
I'm going to be visiting you guys every weekend :-)
Vacancy came up after US Con so Denver volunteer was asked. Assume if one happens after Munich, German team member would be asked.
Thanks for RT!
Right im so ready
That meal was crazy delicious.
HEY.ihfskdfhuglihvlhvlh;duiSGRGFUILAYHOSej''jfjiuehawfyoyfayf;F;HS... WAIT what oh sorry there was a spider on my key board! HAHA
i am lost lol
Varden Technologies and Hillswick Asset Announce Successful OMS Implementation
2nd Annual #Dallas Art Fair was a blast! John Sughrue brought Big D the best of fine art and
Letang cannot make that one-timer pass to Malkin on the power play.
always looking for PR people. Espicially ones that could kick 's backside. hahahaha
#Imagine You had a car accident and you're in the hospital, as Liam visits you. He's in tears. Liam whispers: ''I almost lost you.."
Somebody tweet me D; imm boreed :/ ndd ill give u a cookie ^-^ lol
it makes me smile to see people praying over their meals when I'm serving. I feel like maybe the whole world hasn't gone crazy. 😃🙏
The more I think / read about the Ropati signing, the more I like it. Seems like there a lot of confused / upset #Jets fans.
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 9
I want the time change on a work day
and Tribal Ceremony on them feet
Love you!
"The cost of leadership is self interest." - Lt. Gen. Flynn, USMC
this game is getting really live
wondering how much of the viral success w/ CA was organic vs. seeded/ planned through Interconnected?
Can't wait for "Battleship" to come out. Maybe it'll grease the tires for that "Bop It" big screen adaptation I've been waiting for.
Kelly Preston, who was briefly engaged to Charlie Sheen, turns 49 today.
Carmen San Francisco
If you are done with Jude Law may I have him? Pretty please?
Don't let the mean people get you down, your blog (and reality-based parenting) is great.
about to watch #TheAvengers!! Well, I gotta wait for over an hour...
You gonna be at Martin City?
~Im Moving On,Seems Like It Took Foreva;And Imma Leave It Up To U To See It Get's No Betta..!
Thanks man! So glad to hear : ) Don't forget to click the 'Like' button for us!
Lunch with :)
hi person who doesnt talk to me ;/
Thug life
Great turnout for the annual Library Legislative Day! Library advocates will be heading to the Capitol to meet with legislators shortly.
S/O to for winning #champs and who needs to get his ass back to PGH
I remember back in college when my professor Thomas Rockwell First introduced me to the pen tool.... GOLD in the palm of my hand ;-)
Say happy birthday to our own !
no it a grey :)
We're instituting new practices this year to use less paper. I'm done with filing boxes of docs and throwing them away a few years later.
thanks ! happens a lot here. Is it at CB and I75 North on ramp ?
You thought I was tired because my eyes were red? Nah I'm just smoking that we call that good good that wizard
Open House on Jan. 21 at my new salon in Magonolia Day Spa. Plz stop in for a glass of wine & to say hi. 5:30 8:00 www.hairinthecity.me
RT "Paris is for lovers. Maybe that's why I stayed only 35 minutes." - Humphrey Bogart in Sabrina
way past good idea!
I am up for that tonight. Been kinda busy this week so haven't read much about it.
what you charging for a beat
Ask the young people what they think and u are surely mistaken.
it' cause you and bubbly go together!
Are yall ready for some Monday night Whiskey Jam??!!! Gonna be a good 'un!
well shit we are playing beer pong idk if we are going to make it! I hope so!
yOU ot me saying yeah buddy all the time haha Ti Amo!!
Stacy London visited our NYC office to give tips to winner before Gala next week.
touching ceremony last night to remember the 23 who passed while homeless or soon after exiting homelessness this year.
I've had Jehovah's Most Secret Witness stuck in my head for days! Such a fantastic episode.
Personally, I'm excited to take to South Coast Rep in Feb, take in 24/7 #LAThtr at + to do more audiencing in 2012
Let's here some of those New Years Resolutions!
Watching fools gold
Idgaf If I Have 10000 Million Followers, That Shit Ain't Gonna Make Me feel Cool
But I still have the weekend for that, so...
Damn, it's about time
Chicago Citizen is hard at work on tomorrow's five papers.
"Second star to the right and straight on til morning" ~ J.M Barrie, Peter Pan
reminiscing to 7 things by miley :')
. would agree (his recommended way of coming out).
We need to start paying in Eggplant Fries, he's so good to us! Love that guy! :)
Santorum would like everyone to pray away obamacare!
I thought u were saving those oreos as a gift? lol
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW ME
Savoy tonight with me and the homie is the place to be at tonight!
You got me lifted,shifted higher than a ceilin.Ooh wee it's the ultimate feelin You got me lifted feeling so gifted,Suga how you get so fly?
My God, did anyone else listen to the "emily" story on #thisamericanlife today? I just sobbed like a teething baby in my car.
I wish I had the guts to confront people who litter.
personal finance mint
I wish I was back in Miami
Great article. Thank you Professor Thomas for sharing.
Its a YES!!! California senior year <3 #LoveMyFamily #LifeIsComplete(:
Damn that was quick, we're out of XL shirts. But the L is pretty big, so it'll probably fit you (fits anyone from 5'9" to 6'+, 150-220+ lbs)
This traffic is killing me...
There are couple of big #crossfit projects in the works. Stay tuned for more information!
Caps baby!!!
ah yes, apples and oranges.
i think im bout to fire this bitch (in my zed zilla voice)
No..omg
Lets talk on the phone(:
What's the business?
Bernie Madoff was my agent. RT Actors - You are CEO of your career. If you are a lousy CEO that's not your agent or managers fault
Love the blog. Wish I had done it! Hungry now. Can you add an alphabetical list on your blog of restaurants you've reviewed?
yay, I knew you would.
ahh!!! I'm jealous, I can't wait for my spa day over spring break!
if I ever saw you I would run up to you & hug you… just to make your day(:
I sure did It was Important, the professor was in class, and I do have home training unlike most people!!!
when do you come home??
community got picked up, but for a shortened 13-episode season. Whitney could be gone after next year as well
How many brackets were destroyed after Mizz and Duke losing miserably?
Wow. I had 293 apps on my Facebook profile.
it's especially good now that we can comment on drawrings!
yes! I always cry at the end when they die together <3
Hopin' for a good day tomorrow.
R.I.P. Air McNair. He was the reason I became a Titans fan
My legs so sore, probably walked like 50+ miles today
Couch. Fridge. Couch. Brewers. Man we love Sundays. Thanks to and for a great weekend!
What did one #snowman say to the other snowman? "Do u smell carrots?"
Nolan Ryan and Jackie Robinson share the same bday... how cool is that?
A guy goes up 2 a girl n a bar & says, u want 2 play 'Magic'? She says, Wht's that? He says, We go 2 my house & fuck, & then u disappear.
(c) Says they are kidding....I think back to that time and have to wonder....are you really?
You may shoot me with your words, you may cut me with your eyes, you may kill me with your hatefulness, but still, like air, I'll rise.
A Romney chose to stay home w her boys, that's great. But most women can't choose. They must work. She's no expert on them.
78 degrees, not a cloud in the sky on Malibu canyon.
Be sure to tune in @ 10pm on the Discovey Channel for Outlaw Empires to watch your boi do he's thing Support this young leading man. Bless
I miss you too sexxxxaaaay <\3
So far, the Meerkat's not all that different. I have yet to test the HDMI audio, though, which was my main problem before.
": Damn it's some pretty women following me ...."«««««n I am one of dem :-)
yep RT Twins scoring at will + Porcello 100P in 4IP+ bullpen collapse+ God awful defense = Arguably the low point of the season
I hope today goes well and drama free.......morning followers.
batter up Nelly
Good morning! Love the RAIN(:
No one is perfect! Im not better than no one and no one is better than me!
#Goodness. I love it, ! I hope you win!
yea you tell Ian cj pwn him.
I just bought the most. amazing. chair.
I do however like Jim Leyland.....truthful...honest....don't agree with all his moves but he's the Skipper..
Any plans for a reading at the Powell's in Portland, Oregon this year?
awesome meeting u today. U have such a sassy, positive personality. See u in LA!
“: R.I.P to my two front teeth...we've had some great times and pictures ;( #sadday” first bloodshed
the only thing I remember is you going for which ever team playing against the heat
Yemen: Yet another lawless country that's attracted the sludge of the world. What to do?
Rage video game out on all major game platforms. Lets see another GFL team get their own game.
Media selections for tonight: Downton Abbey and the new E-40 double album. Not at the same time, though.
Rappin bout my own life....
tell your mom Happy Mother's Day, I know it's a day late!!
TODAY! Caffeinate your body and mind at our weekly coffee clinic! We'll be brewing the same beans two ways starting at 10:00am!
#OscarTweet anxious to see #BillyCrystal's opening monologue.
S/O to the new follower !! Follow him!:)
3 days :D
im adopted
Yep, it sounds like you are perfect for it! Good luck!
Taurus And Caps Are Compatible.
Being punched in the stomach and kissed on the head at the same time. I'm very confused. With , and
Waking up lately has been beyond difficult, thinking its the changes in seasons..
apparently I'm supposed to say yes when asked if I have a boyfriend. Who knew?
Welcome to Twitter my friend!
Hello zendaya fans also follow our twitter for bella thorne fans and p.s its a fanpage
Come join us for the viewing of the BET HIP HOP AWARDS 2nite.....Happy Hour 4_8pm...
Whetstone Park is so beautiful in the fall. So is Patrick Js on Tuesdays/ Wednesdays & Brewsky's on Thursdays. Simply gorgeous.
haha this thing is like a hole foot away from the wall, why are awake so early?
the Yellow colored ones are called checker and the orange colored ones are Named Yellow?
LOL! RT : LinkedIn should have a "You have GOT to be kidding" option in addition to accept/ignore. Just a thought.
go to sleep
still having a ton of fun at the #ereexpo.. can I get a woot woot!
I just wasn't taught to politely pretend to be nice to people I can't stand
We 10 followers away from 700!!! Show us some love!!!
“They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.” ― Andy Warhol
bridal clutches have arrived!!!
Aw...we love u too! Sorry i couldnt chat yesterday! Call ya in a bit!
Glad it was only ALMOST! I'd feel guilty if you wasted wine!
Sweet Dreams Mike!
My dad got and iTouch for an early Christmas and today he asked me "Would that Dirty Birds(in reference to angry birds) be on this thing?!"
Thank you. They are hosted by AIA Akron and Cleveland. Don't know if accessible to Canada, will have to research.
U always talk about how much money u got but u always in the financial aid office
RT : Not to mention his peoples alwaus concerned about who im still with or where they think they saw!
RT United is just absolutely a terrible airline. "This plane cannot fly because of a maintenance issue." I 2nd that!
Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage - Galatians 5:1
And it comes back to Charlotte. #Panthers will take Michael Brockers or Michael Floyd or Luke Kuechly.
Go for the gold! - TCPalm
follow me on this one not that one
4 works for me.
Thanks for the follow Chris Price (ahtohg)! :)
<----Monique a 2012 Grad from Valley...What's up Vikings!
Available in WI at all?
Mom & dad always know how to brighten my day :) They knew I was working phones, so they decided to prank call me!
I'm so touched by all the well-wishes on my anniversary post, thanks to those who have commented.
Yea I can see that as well to. U know Mike though he can't keep a team together even if he paid them lol.
Man the Strip is fucked right now.
seriously ben. You didn't have the balls to tell casey why you sent her home. You are afraid of her mommy & daddy! Boo!
I and will settle for 7:29. ;-) -- Really late start times for premier sporting events are just plain stupid.
Wow to get a tourist visa to visit China is quite an expensive experience unto itself!
“: it's been awesome to have at our school” it was "fantastisc" to be here!
Well said! I seems to me whenever things go wrong people just want someone to blame. They forget who holds the power.
I'm going to rock out to all day long, because I can.
": #ImMadBecause After all these years , its still hard for me to accept the fact you left ."
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 14
Celtic vs Rangers 7am. It keeps switching?
Gotta admit KC has some great things going on @ KC wine festival at a waterpark haha what's not to love?! ;)
One of my students brought homemade cupcakes today, one brought me an Ale-8. My legal research class rocks! A3, how are you gonna bring it?
A great deal of work to get done today! Unlawful Detainers from Friday, a slew of Small Claims serves to get done and a whole lot more!
Awake, but super tired! :/ maybe gonna play some mario on my wii bc im bored. Ahaha :P
Whoops- got the wrong info... Tonight's show at Ramapo is in the student center. Starts in about 10 minutes...
I love change.. Its thee only thing that is constant. I have changed and I have grown in some many different areas in my life
#takecare just gets better and better
I think you guys should come to a festival with Allegro dance company and perform.
I didn't know that but now that I do I'm very appreciative and impressed by the courage the my ex's have displayed.
#FF some fine folks at
ok I'll keep an eye out for it.
sounds good to me. My phone is dead but I can twitter on iPad. Hopefully I'll get it fixed in the morning
Who's coming out Sunday? It's our first show since December, let's make it a good one!
From your mouth to god's ears says Layne's jewish mother
I did once, but then the novelty wore off...
Patrick Roy has been voted the greatest goaltender in NHL history by a panel of writers and a fan poll.
Holy cow. Sandwich received!
thanks for acknowledging me at Walmart today!!
Had cheese grits today for the 1st time today and they were bomb!
Thanks for the follow Todd! Best to you!
I'd be compelled to boo after 4h 15m and an ending like that.
Heey boy you can't be anymore sexier ?;)
cancels tus to ord. strands all. Won't rebook on ual. Could care less. Sorry doesn't cut it. #bankruptcy warranted.
yeah hopefully so then we can do the bucket list :)
But great seasons to both & Looking forward to see both squads next year.
Who else is going to #ONALA at Redwood? It started two minutes ago.
At Club Sabbat in San Diego! Great place!
I'm very very sick today and if you could notice me it would mean so much to me and make me feel better <3 Bellarino forever!!
i love my life thanks 2 hes the best boyfriend ever
I miss the old days because that's when I has you.
Why are the minorities always in the bottom 3 on #americanidol !?! This is garbage!!
Wow what an exciting Super Bowl. People thought that it would be a boring game and then it turned out to be one the best one in years.
haha you had to add mostly in.
here I come
I am in love with my sports class. Watching a documentary today on Jesse Owens. Not too shabby.
hey and damn why so much damn suger
Is it getting tough to make $ today? No, Call Kim @ four 07- nine 29- four 250, leave name, phone, e-mail for a return follow-up call.
Interesting! Are there examples of horses who lost after tweeting?
Every body talk it but the ? Is who live it TME where rap is reality follow
My friend said the Philly show was louder.. Step it up New Yorkers!!!
I see my body as an instrument, rather than an ornament. – Alanis Morissette
Off to Maryland in a few days
TF have you've been the whole spring break girll
excited for a road trip to Rochester this summer with , , and !
SO MUCH TO DO
Kevin Campbell from Chula Vista is one of the final 3 on #BigBrother 11!
ballins not a hobby, its my occupation.
Hi Brian, thanks for the follow. Great website.
thanks for following us! Have you checked our app to sell your awesome vintage pieces?
Who's in Seattle this weekend?? TWEET
With so many options what's a girl to do??
Greetings from University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee! Good luck on the demo.
so which name did u choose? Hallyu-wood or Hallyu Tales.
in drum spre Ploiesti... hometown visit...
#SMBAustin : You should be open to people following you if you're going to (be a politician in Social Media)
did you mean to say shot?
Oversinging the National Anthem is one of my biggest pet peeves
Life is ever changing! U can't take it 2 seriously!
So far, the best fight in #AvX is Emma frost vs Iron Man. Hands down. Didn't see that coming!
New York, I love you but we need some time apart. I'll see you in a few days.
that's whats up! Might head down Saturday. Small chance though.
If you would focus on YOUR OWN LIFE & STOP worrying about what others are doing...there's a possibility you might accomplish something.
lol he just told mee to wear it so he docent look stupid
I'm a painter first. What's good?
I really miss J. Robbins' voice
with some food !
“: Tom Troccholi's Pond RT : Minor Pond. Pond Flag. Pond Biscuits. Pond of Today. Agnostic Pond. Cro-Ponds.” Pond Jerks
Anytime you can bring in Loe against a LHB, you have to do it.
haha as long as they're not out of towers!
God I love baseball. Great game.
There's this cute guy but i have a boyfriend!:/
Am so sad to go back home for the summer... But friends are making my last days worth it!!
I wanna get white girl wasted with
what u know bout that lol
Your ALWAYS the most popular person in my world<3
if ironically mocking ebonics and hiphop-referencing wasn't a thing to do, aziz ansari would not be here.
Our weight loss program is simple, convenient, tasty, inexpensive & effective, anyone can implement it, any time. www.healthfacts4all.com
THANK YOU to everyone who joined us for the "Music Makes A City” premiere. We are proud to be a part of such a generous community.
if you can, pop by after Tavern Law, we're just down the block. We're closing at 930 for a private party!
My cat acting like he is constantly on crack has got to stop
I'm at school, so it won't let me see the choices because the wifi blocks things. But Kentucky! Or somewhere close!
Agreed-->RT : Social media must be meaningful!
no that's from a long time ago..
wow you bitch... 😠 (I'm giving you the look)
well, I'm using chrome and it should be...
Heads up, the blog will be swarmed with posts today and tomorrow. And probably the rest of the week... Just the way we like it.
If i move on, you will also; so this might be our farewell.
Working late lol
We grown now don't nobody give af yu this the real world now we been out of high school almost 2 years
Don't you just feel like you are full of joy that the good guys got one point!! SO HAPPY!
Just noticed #oomf was tweetin about me while I was testing. I guess he thinks hes cute ;)
Hey all...working with Microsoft to promote the Silverlight player for IPL matches. Anyone else using it? How is it working? DM me.
#idol - Jessica has stunning vocals. Very strong showing.
You know the Lords in charge when you literally have no control.
Enough negativity, I am going to hang and smoke and shop with my REAL friend now! I am glad I am not fucking bananas like some bitches are
This section on David Byrne is full of white male privilege & hagiography. He invented sampling, new wave & bikes through Detroit ghettos.
Join us at Bennett's Fresh Roast this morning for the most delicious donuts in town! Next up —1 p.m / BUS TO SOMEWHERE & TECHNICALLY CRAZY
I don't get it.
Thanks Eddie. You're doing hard work of changing the world, too. Maybe someday we'll have reason to collaborate on something.
Today has been a slow day at work aka extra time to read my bible & "God's Story, Your Story" by
Happy Thanksgiving! For some holiday laughs check out my page www.freekshowradio.com
I'll have them printed up in the next few days and you can order from me
I feel like just coming by to give you the biggest hug. Stay strong.
Omfg. I love him.!
Thank you for the RT! We all need to be reminded of Number 10 I think!
tweet me a number & i'll tell u what i think about you or your twitterr<3
I would like to bags » Pu leather cleaning method
ha good point.
I have a bottle of Moet Chandon im my office that I am not popping until ________ - i guess i better not plan on opening it anytime soon :(
LOL. You're too kind, World!
but it was fun/thrilling/exciting... maybe?
Palko looks good tonight. Yes, a bit rough but I'd love to mentor him. Also, his name sort of rhymes with Flacco.
I haven't but Ohio's 1st Bikram Studio opened up in Cleveland last yr. 's a fan.
Mammoth 3 / Wings 2 after one quarter of play.
looks good =)
and he sounded so concerned about me. He told I needed to go get it checked out. Then he sounded all defensive of me again
We are working on it. It's possible. Stay tuned.
Crooked I is a ridiculously talented rap. Dude is rapping circles around people. sick flow!
These fuckin wyncoters stole my damn transpass..ugh..fuck those dumb ass kids..😡😒
They killen *ninjas* for for Jays that's death over designer #Coleworld lol
are u getting the UA ablum?
Black mass- have a drink of space
Had two monsters in school today and still went to sleep. Smh
That pissed off moment when you find out the name big dong 69 is already taken :/
AUSTIN PLEASE COME TO CHILE ISTHE OLNY COUNTRY OF SOUTHAMERICA IN THE LIST!!!! PLEASE COME CHILE LOVES YOU SO SO SO MUCH!!!!
Watching CHS baseball on this gorgeous Friday night! Go Black Knights!
Calm down over there RT : Where is everyone? Why am I STILL the only one at the office. Guys, it's 7:30. Rise and grind.
RT #nggs11 is unbelievably cool: 490 participants who are learning, connecting, being inspired!
I am a bit disturbed about how much I know about Victorian mass murderers though. :)
we had a good time.:-)
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Jordyn-Thomas Perez ⁰Rising 7th ⁰Aiea, HI ⁰Travel Team: Tar Heels ⁰Shooting Guard 5’5
Rings > Trophies.
needs help securing a beach front rental for Fourth of July weekend in Delaware. HELP!test ifttt
It sure was nice to see NFL highlights on SportsCenter this morning, can't wait for the regular season.
nervous to go later because no sleep and empty stomach *blacks out*
Haunted house tonight! Anyone want to go? #Imdriving #gonnabefunnn :)
This is the last weekend for our introductory $5 admission! May 2nd, general admission goes up to $10 ($6 for seniors & students).
See the fuckery 👉 RT : dont these fuckers got spell check on they phone ? damn use it ! lol
crap! I tried not to buy, you know, it's natural. I just can't help it!
good luck on compelling storytelling :)
Chris-Chris !!!
A favor? I guess there is no risk as a bench guy. It's just odd. He was DONE with the Giants.
haha love you to! You gonna come over or should I eat the rest of the pancakes?
I'm going to check it out this Saturday!
When I hear U sounding like a popular rapper, 2 things play in my head: either U're influenced by him/her, or U ignorantly think it's easy.
If you ring my door bell you were not invited.
hilarious - thanks... :)
my mother always said that hard work never hurt you but worry and hard work can kill you. hm. "i be workin hard!" need to not worry.
it's a fair question to ask, no?
i do
OH MY GOD
call me maybe?
Hey luvies good morning
I was actually referencing Obama's 2004 statement at a press conference after he won his senate seat.
Due to a Private Event the Cowboy Lounge will not be be open until 11pm tonight. We hope to see you then!
Sunday is World Wide Knit in Public Day. Get out your yarn and needles!
Now your just somebody that I used to know....
why are you not at Fairview Beach tonight? Pirate's Den, partying w/ the band??????
thanks for the recommendation :) How's it going man?
Who is taking me min golfing then to play laser tag? Anyone? I want to do all night laser tag but then I always remember thats too much tag
Even me?
Araabmuzik didn't even show I'm out of here
Rules Committee: So riveting. But necessary.
Does anyone have Fat Joe's number? I have some questions I NEED to ask him.
Taylor Armstrong talking about working her relationship with Russell on RHOBH... #AWKWARD Does she get a refund for that psychotherapy?
name them please.
Thanks for the follow! I just moved from Nelson to San Francisco. Sending a big shout out to you and all my BC friends!
Sad news indeed. Though I can't say this will change my eating habits.
W T F! I can't react strongly enough to this. Isn't she like 40 years too young and not at all talented enough?
you fucking losers why isnt horford scheduled for 23 hours of the 24 hour programming u have on nba tv?
No problem Lucy :-)
remember that she's 5. you're the grown up.
oh my god that's so mean.
aww! Still remember when the kiddos did that to my stapler. Can't read your school tweet anymore, makes me :-(
I hate replying on PPL they always find a way to let me down -___-
It kills me when girls lie about being virgins. *shakes head*
If I weren't a ________, I'd love to be _________.
It's great to catch up on your DVR, just not in the middle of the night, due to insomnia! :(
I'd be having a better time at psych fest if whoever was doing the sound didn't try their hardest to make every band sound like total shit.
This is the type of shit you get when you work in philadelphias center city :/
You also have a very photogenic neice.
OMG im not tired
Come party at BLCC tonight. My band Them Sonsabitches is playin with Drag Me Under and Swamp Donkey. $5, starting at 9p. Let's get ill.
Thanks for sharing! We would never turn down a chance to be called awesome : )
Today was a good day {in my Ice Cube voice}.
BORN & RAISED BABY
Of course. I would hope everyone realizes their greatness after all this time.
They are! RT : Are the programs of these four teams awesome or what!
Best league in the g*d damn world mutha feckers! Amazing!!
I've called AT&T about the iPhone *maybe* twice in three years.  al day.
#HowAboutWe; be the type of friend to others that we would want to have when we needed someone to count on?
how are u listening to it?!?
nun much listening to music what about you
Thank you, rain, for your cooperation. It is very much appreciated.
I can have more than one best friend.
we echo truly great work, sir.
tomorrow is monday.....
yea that awesome having your phone charged all day without worrying about it dying I know I can use that (:
S/O to my nigga that nigga graduating tonight .
Maudlin tributes to 9/11 and the first day of the football season. Could there ever be a more perfect day?
Emotions paralyzed tell em I can't feel it
“: we got these blankets instead of tshirts." I like the idea of blankets. I volunteered at race today. COLD!!!
Day 6 of my zombie cold. Hoping some Indian food will knock it out of my system. Very lucky to have taking care of me!
not familiar with all the essentials but Caspa 11-7-09 is full of win.
Wasabi monster? holding a wasabi root?
Milwaukee Mayor votes today -- no joke. One of many early voters. Wonder if his ID is up to par... tonight on Fox6! ;)
Today's BTU inspiration: "It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else’s eyes." ~Sally Field
#22 Historical Train Depot - Bay Saint Louis, MS
do you know about the US Department of State's Women in Public Service Initiative?
A good excuse to have a chocolate cookie today! RT : It's National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day! I think I have to have one!!
We look forward to seeing you support SCAN at the public budget hearing this evening! The address is 6000 16th Ave SW Seattle, WA 98106.
We pray for change, then act no different.
Preparing for Natasha and Chris's wedding! This color is fuschia, ivory and black!
Awh, how old is she? :)
#show Focus Features 400 acre lot Universal Fay Vincent Coke Cola n CAA Package Deal Kansas Play Burt Max lady n Lace
So there are Maple spirits from the Maple trees who make the Maple syrup? Canadians?
Just entered a "sweet" giveaway at www.simplythesweetlife.com. Kitchen Aid, apron, Maple syrup, Gardening goodies.
This Boston and Philly game is cray!
is bored at work.. entertain me!
PickUpLine: I am a magical being, take off your bra
I MISS YOUR SMILE. and i still shed a tear every once in a while
Flight in 2 hours can we say up all night
Oh me? I just had brunch with a wonderful person and now I'm downloading waayy too much music. What are yyYYOOoouu doing??
There is no greater revenge then one who dig's their own grave
I couldn't get letters of recommendation to go back to school.
Why the fuck you gonna follow me to creep than unfollow me . #YouLookStupid !
Everybody download PRIVILEGED by on iTunes its great I listen to it walking to school all the time ;)
Crowd surf - that's all what I really want to si
#oneofthosedays when even the songs on the radio you don't usually like, you like.
Get free promotion to your social networks. Never pay for promotion again! url on my profile. :) follow4follow?
I am of the mind that relationships are not worth the relationshit.
Are you alive after that one?
Rt : Mayor Emmanuel - charters should be independent, innovative, with culture of accountability. Goal is excellence.
Nailed it -> "An App should be part of the business strategy. Not 'the strategy'"
Did you know we have a party room for cupcake decorating, tea parties, and other get togethers? Call Shannon at 503-222-4404 for more info!
sweet! congrats!
Wishing there was an easy and powerful 'out of the box' CMS. WHY HASN'T THIS HAPPENED YET!? Get with the program people.
Daily Report: RIM's Co-Chiefs Step Aside
I guess #tajboyd is seeing that #gamecocks defense is way above average..his jersey is green..lol...#clemson..eating his words
Kill me Now no sleep for 24 hrs Ah!!!!!!!!!
I can't I'm about to eat lol I'll DM you right now :) lol
I'm Hungry!
How unbelievably ignorant and inept some are.
I hate how I live in Joplin and haven't met Christofer Drew
Show today Swinefest we go on at 3 hope to see you there. New song posted "Long Time Coming" Check it out. Specyphi
#llorante he deserved it fought hard till he made it
hello aweful Arthur!
hey bo-bannon - stacey, todd and I are teaching an online edu tech course for teachers. Check out the blog - love to connect
#nowplaying Tattoo forever♥ [i love this song!]
have a great show. Looking forward to next time as well
stop parking in my spot. please&thanks
I'm open to care packages at any time.
hey I just joined Twitter to my photo bucket account
My nex son will be named Wolfgang. Just sayin...
When she was just a girl She expected the world But it flew away from her reach And the bullets catch in her teeth.
when are you going to come to Peru? ✈
looking like a pretty good possibility. Still gonna be my friend? Lol
Once I hit 50 followers, I'll be giving a random follower their choice of 1 FREE #soap, body butter, sugar scrub or lip balm! Please RT!
Multiple Intelligences with Whole Brain Correlations for iiMod Program posted on Facebook Raul Aldape iiMod. English & Spanish flyers also.
I love how car salesmen try to rob you. Not happening today boss.
considering strangling several patients and one co-worker. Maybe two.
Muller: World Bank's decision to make data open meant forgoing funds from selling data.
Avoiding wrinkles tip: Treat your skin with TLC. Don’t over-dry or irritate your face with harsh cleansers or hot water.
you even look older today. Maybe it is the corset pooh getup. Pick somewhere classy to eat. What am I saying? You're like 10
well thanks for the invite! Rude!!
Good music,though.
Chris Davis says "not a shot" when I asked him if he available to pitch tonight for
Happy Mothers day!!! Hope everyone has had a great weekend.
RT wish I had some of Joe's bacon for the snowpocalypse.
I was asked to define passion - to me, it's competence and character on FIRE!
Summer 2012, hurry up!
We will be playing Synopsis for your chance to win tickets coming up next!
thanks for the rt :)
Loving the June/July issue of and can't wait to try so many of the recipes
nice//“: Forgotten B(SEC)S fact: #OKState beat two SEC teams on the road this year: Mizzou and A&M. #SeeWhatIDidThere”
Ugh. that thought gives me a twitch.
I'm wanting to find a spot to display some photographs. I've never exhibited any of my photos for the public
I know CA is.... And cuddling is always good
make money
But the leo doesnt!! RT : I APPRECIATE IT!!
Enjoyed the debate this a.m. Perhaps the ? is more about personal v. corporate blog. Both need personality and opinion.
same me and my mom were just talking about you !
Puking in toilets makes me barf. I get so grossed out seeing people passed out with their head resting on the seat
Thank You for supporting and spreading the word. We really appreciate it!
Opening light JUST started!! Excitement is in the air! Break legs ladies!!
I know but still it has gotta be a big disappointment for them.
New OBEY Summer collection in store Tank's , Tee's, hats
Awh baby! I can not wait to get home and hold her and give her kisses all the time!
Five Guys Food Coma
Only 5 days left to vote for ! Help us win $10,000 in Ikea Products by texting LIFE40 to 62345.
My 3 year old niece goes HAM when Glad You Came and What Makes You Beautiful plays. FUCKING LEGIT.
's grandfather thinks me, her, and are in a gang. We have costumes too. Im Kelsey, Riss is Anna, Jax is Tanya.
What a hot day for the Boston Marathon. Good luck, everyone!
crying myself to sleep.
Computer assessments, cost analysis, annual appraisals...it's shaping up to be a busy week!
you are my idoll!! i think thatyour the best singer to ever live and i look up to you so much! please follow me!!<3
Feel free to repost this if you're an idiot.
Hrm...Will my research be the first to compare rural village food sharing patterns with remittance patterns in the same cultural context?
And now we're to the point where we piss each other off
This heat is tough on our pets too - try to walk your dogs before 10AM and after 8 PM; and always have water available for them.
RT if you like girls
Georgia State football schedule stuff….UNC! Florida! Charlotte! - Atlanta Journal Constitution (blog)
Yet another reason to be glad I was never a Boy Scout.
thanks for the follow!
Oh I see so u are jealous and feel disrespected I feel your pain
Welcome to the
aww.. Lucky. I still haven't been. :-/
😂😂😂 KRISTEN WANTS THAT KITTY
Sock awareness day. What the fuck.
"You're retarded, you've always been retarded"
Yup, I'm officially on my way back to LA for break nigguhs!
Earth day is this weekend. It is a perfect time to reflect on what you can do to promote eco-friendly living
Is the Opry Mills mall open yet? Maybe moving back to Nashville and would love to know!
truth RT Indie music doesn't get the love it deserves. It's so difficult to get your name out there..
1 of the greatest movie rivalries of all time? Bill Murray vs. Gopher. I come out as the winner though as I watch #Caddyshack while I work.
you're welcome! :-)
no it just says general admission? I'm confused!
thanks sis :) much love back
#gympetpeeves when old people stare at me
sure but hoowwww
I been here *ducks for cover*
YES-THANK GOD HE IS SOME BETTER TODAY HE DOWN TO 3HR TREATMENTS TODAY MIGHT BE HOME BY WEEKEND PRAY HE IS, HUGS FOR U
why are you so antagonistic to women artists?
Want to know why your #TODOLIST is not working. Because it can not complete the tasks themselves. Every task needs some action behind it.
Im still up... that's cool.
outside on the patio, alas. I should have made him tale his shirt off and flex something.
RT Anyone in DC looking for a roommate? Have a friend at AULaw who needs a place to live. Please RT
Just when I thought you were different you go and prove me wrong.
Packers, Steelers would be the Super Bowl of All-time greatest Super Bowl Champions. Who doesn't want that???
I'm pretty sure it's not whatever is going around but still lots if colds in my office
I don't think I've upgraded it lately. I just noticed all my social media widgets disappeared and my custom menu won't show.
Come on 4 o clock... Release me to this weekend
Here comes the bench mob...
will do :)
Do you ever just sit in the car alone for a little "quiet" time?
what happened to us skypeing today?
You are not old. You're just chronologically gifted.
Damn is gonna do an austream and ofcourse i have to go to bed... My life sucks... :(
i got her the office merch and some rings :3333333333
THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMEDD.
Dear Guys, don't wear skinny jeans unless you have a nice buttox for me to stare att.
Seeking a Legal Reference/Research Librarian in Palo Alto, CA. Our client is a prestigious, global law firm that offers a generous salary!
Oh my gosh! And apparently since October? We haven't been to that side of Main Street yet. We must be avoiding the traffic jam.
People thing you acting funny but you said things that hurt me so of course i'm go fskw
Is there going to be a miniTOC SF?
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has. -Henry Ward Beecher
Woops - should have used the tag - #FreeFest. Who is still there? Having fun?
listening too that quality of life track right now. That's what up tho!!
Hey guys @ Buffer - why you no return emails? I need help on the floating Digg Digg bar and no one has emailed back in weeks...
These velvet-laced bananas are a real classy bunch
I just ended a battle quick on the kobe vs. Lebron topic.
Seriously, not everything they put out is a masterpiece. That double disc was lovely, though.
#STLCards win. Because if they didn't win, they would no longer be my favorite team. Until tomorrow...morning.
Two days and 3 hours of sleep. Finally bed time.
": I miss so much :(" miss u too bebe
- Thank for tour of Co-Working in Fed Hill. Great to see the set-up and I'm excited for your early success!
I'll figure it out sometime but fuck it
Maybe! June will be a rough month so its iffy. you going?
Sound is terrible on the Oscars.
In Matilda a fat kid eats chocolate cake. SNAP! So yes I've seen it and her powers are far insiginificant than allmighty Jedi.
when did you get on twitter?
Disagree! RT : Watching #LOST is like watching Sims interact without the WooHoo.
hey i have an idea, lets stop wearing more make up than clothes. Thanks.
he think he balln cause he got a rental
Not yet...yet.
thanks for the nice picture!
Don't forget TONIGHT at 7:30 come to IMPULSE HIP-HOP with !
In that sdgdhrhetahf kinda mood.
I know not to "mess with him" from those jack links commercials. :-)
Scanner Monitor: Between Sable and Chambers off of Mississippi. Natural Gas Leak. Blowing it from the north
Working today, rocking out with to his brother Noah DJing tunes from Bisbee on Community radio is awesome.
Happy Hump Day! What's everyone listening to? Do you feel alive yet??
Awesome. What's your email address? I'll drop you a note with the meeting info. Thanks!!
warrenchristieed: DEV, NYC?s New Seed Fund For Digital Media ...
#reading Siren in Waiting by & wondering how these people r ever going 2 get together. Can't wait to find out!
the host just disconnected. What's up? Should I call back in?
.haha ==> RT : I hope that's a new weed strain. RT : .gonna hit Universal (:
Truth. Let's not forget "Sewer-Shut of Chicken Assholes."
Gotta love a 12 hour day doing hair...
Feeling robbed and stifled. We're still going to the US Open, but spectators now only. No good Delofted coverage.
I just finished my speed writing! thanks!!! it was good!I wrote an entire third act.
Probably no danger, but I don't know that I really want to share my UUID with a Russian security firm
I wanna go...but my mom laughed at me when I asked for tickets...
that's the name of the game man. No worries there
it seems spring has stopped by for a visit - LOVE this weather!
I don't want to be choked, I want to do the choking. That's what I meant by "I like to choke during sex".
Sleep, you illusive creature.
RT : I don't care willow. Mean girl
it was mixed. Some folks definitely thought social media was irrelevant.
Watching Chicago with :)
When baking, follow directions. When cooking, go by your own taste.
he dnt know what he be talking about lol
Talking about women's sport on #sbchat. Thought you might be interested! Just got done covering WPS. Pretty good input
Also up next at #NewWaveofJournalism: Journalist's Guide to Social Media w/ webjournalist, &
That is crazy. I'd have built shelves from that size.
Remember when Alex kept spitting on me and so I punched him in the face like 5 times.
So thankful my office has a TV
Try gender on the web now!
Running some errands and looking forward to West Coast Swing dance lesson.
Hi.. Do you have the list of gifts for Baby Boy, if you have please share it with me...
19 min remaining in NLC Title Game! 11 High Point 4! #fearthefin Let's Go Ladies!!!
(k) by my house
These storms are #chill. With my bros and
Eating fries on my bedroom floor with azra drinking out of huge pimp cups from germany and britian
Happy mothers day to all of you hard working beautiful mothers of thw world
Shit, I'm so exited
Evil hiding among us is an ancient theme. - John Carpenter (Director)
We are looking forward to watching the first part of the series tomorrow night!
ha yeah it's great. Learning a lot of useful information... Not
I'm having a serious moment. I can't handle right now
i understand ;)
‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Season 5 Casting: Jimmy Smits &amp; Chuck Zito Join Show
So watching #Contagion is the like prequel to any zombie movie ever.
Great pick. We went with Star Trek: First Contact for the time travel episode, but I'm thinking your choice is better.
Hey everybody <3 I am at school right now and I have russian -.- tweet me please? So bored.
In reference to time, are you Early or Late to appointments? I'm always early, why are doctors so late?
More than a little frightening...
Shout out to T.J. High School Sci & Tech Men's & Women's Cross Country teams going to the State Championships in Plains, VA on Sat, Nov 12
RT : Tune-in to on 98.9 The Buzz tomorrow at 9:00. Knighthawk rookies & will be guests.
follback ya drummer ;)
I'd have assumed the cause of agitation to be the arrest. But what do I know? & LAPD is paid not to be nervous.
I'm black and I'm proud
Follow our Mannagementt team
yeah. I'll be over at the other restaurant in a couple hours. I'll get then to you then.
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible. ~Marion C. G I hope everyone has a wonderful Mother's Day!
i am a lady.
Lmfao ! Shut up !
"Who is Justice Beaver?"
Goodnight everyone... Busy day tomorrow....
I bet she got smelly feet and union smelling underarms
Cause I wuv you and would miss you more than lots. And I didn't hug you goodbye.
:) "For each time you smile you will find it is true somebody, somewhere will smile back at you"~Helen Steiner Rice
Dear John #ChanningTatum ❤❤❤❤
This Wednesday's West Side walking tour will focus on urban renewal history on the West Side. Should be fun!
packing for jersey.
aww man ! Lol i addicted you to his CD Didn't i ? (:
i wish i could understand the meaning to what i presently know.
I like a challenge!! Sn: feeling how this weather looks, ugh!!
If you get a chance to give an honest review of DCSP (Amazon, Paperbackswap, goodreads, or elsewhere), it'd be much appreciated.
I keep thinking today is Friday since tomorrow we have off for the holiday.
In the studio
Mitch and Ali u got one darn cute kid! Have a great weekend
I fucking love you so much!
Awesome! Thanks :)
follow she is on fire! THE QUEEN OF DANCE MUSIC"
Watching Melrose Place. Rhonda just said, "I'm teaching cardio-funk in ten minutes."
im new nd im lookn for celebs to follow :)
Crazy busy week. Preparing grants is time consuming! Anyone have any tips?
thank you :D
Awesome hang with finished by moving a monster of a piano that he bought on the cheap!
waiting for my computer to be fixed....
Congratulations to and on merging and becoming I can't wait until I'm apart.
It's about time. Glad Oliver Perez finally came to his senses.
oh no i have to break the seal
Racism still exist because the people who don't suffer from it, don't stand up for the people who do.
"Oh shit, there it is," No matter how many times I've seen Season 3 of the Wire, almost gotta feel for Cheese when he shoots that damn dog
Just walked the Buffalo Bayou trail with the family, it's really nice out there today.
Hey district... Where are you going for happy hour?
Star Tours has something like 7 different stops now. Multi-ride fun!
What is the woman that got 4-men in a very small room and they seem to only notice her ?? No fights No Hating!!! 1 want -- HER!!! Choose ME!
Today's BTU inspiration: "I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief." ~Gerry Spence
OH: I thought Wil Wheaton was somebody on Twitter
Honestly i have thoughts about sayong goodbye .
i keep a lot inside, how else would i survive in this world?!
That was lovely <3
Will they announce the 2012 ACL line up already! I'm dyin over here!!!!
haha glad i could be of assistance! I will talk to joe as soon as i get back on the bus
On another note, my foot is asleep. Dying!
i hate how u dont no how much it hurts that u have time to make tweets and facebook updates but cant text me back... :/
Are people that are from there freaking out at all?
The state of steak? Check it out Chris Artinian will be appearing on FOX Business News today at 11:40am CST today
Off to school...relay for life tomorrow!!(:
let me know if it works. I'm kind of skeptical.
Ready for the disaster that is gonna happen after tomorrow.
lol better stop you . you know you got stalkers on twitter . fuckin bird ready to tweet tweet tweet her beak away lol
DIDNT MISS MUCH....NO SEXY CATS FELL FROM THE SKY :/
yeah, I never really got into that whole sharing thing lol
Pretty sure that Godaddy uses customer #s instead of aliases as well as ridic passwords to keep customers from stopping renewals on domains.
that deserves a blank stare and possibly a raised eyebrow
"No men living are more worthy to be trusted than those who toil up from poverty." #quote from Abraham LIncoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
#uglysiskhloe -____- ?. Really ?.... Idiots made this trend...
I wanna smack this ho
that's amazing :)
honey you have messages from me check them out
“Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.” -Josh Billings
lol thank you though :)
What an awesome sunny morning in Seattle. Happy Tuesday....)
oh yes that would be a brilliant idea! Lol :)
Thank you for the notice, we will investigate.
Love it! Man, I used to love WordPerfect!
WE BACK!!!
So bored
“: Stoked to enjoy Jesus #YPS today. Pray for God's favor to soak every word I speak for His Kingdom.”/grateful for u
Need I ask how this happen?
i love you more babymomma!
Our Fishing Rod Racks make great gifts!
How did u get him to follow u guys?! lol
My dad is comming back on Friday ):
OMG PASTEL 2012. Let's do it. NYC?
yeah is werid
Thanks! Good seeing you too.
Tom Izzo in statement: "And I’m pleased to say I am here for life at Michigan State."
Chennai folks: Which bookstore bears comparison to the Oxford in Kolkata (in terms of size, placement in intellectual life etc)?
With Stoudemire out now, I don't think this hurts the #Knicks all that much, Melo will be more of an offensive factor now.
I go through phases too. And this way I can keep up with sports, and you can keep up with books!
haha.i wish i could text you so i could send you the pic me you and me. Your really funny!;):)
We must be ready to learn from one another, not claiming that we alone possess all truth & somehow have a corner on God. ~Desmond Tutu
I love JOAN RIVERS
MY WIFE AND SON IS HOME WHY O WHY DO I FEEL SO ALL ALONE!!!!!
also, I can't wait till I can go up norf with you fools.
Probably not a good idea to have had about 50 oysters at #harborhousemke before a my 5k tomorrow.
the skinny red fox waslked under the boring dog.
not sure. id guess 230, 3
YMCMB will not be doing ANY shows in the Omaha area... Smdh
He don't wanna play behind "Dee" he's jr yr at KENTUCKY! #goCats RT : Shabazz going to unlv
Huzzah! Envelopes are made. I love the pictures in the pdx Finder magazine for making envelopes.
YES! Like I'm Not Hating Or Anything, but she did.
Thanks to everyone who came out and supported us. It was awesome to play Vaudeville for the first time, thanks for the love.
1st race (1/2 marathon) since going Paleo-wow, what a difference in stamina and recovery. I'm no superstar but kind of feel like one anyway.
Genetic testing to see which meds work for you? cool
Black people dont never be on time, yea im talkin about u
long ways lol
it's the least I can do ;)
Great coach wish her the best! RT : Knoxville News reporting Pat Summitt steps down as Tennessee women's head coach.
iTunes shuffle just took me from The Stooges to Belle & Sebastian.
Yess :) Thank you
Making my way to the corp run. So far I haven't passed out yet.
Be faithful to that which exists nowhere but in yourself - and thus make yourself indispensable. Andre Gide
Best wishes!!
I <3 u from the moon&back From across town back to the high school and x8 around the track Then to wherever u are!
I met u in chicago& florida after the mardi gras parade do u remember me?
Check out the Badger Career Network Facebook Fan Page! Let the Wisconsin Alumni Association help along your career path!
The new era
Check out our new Ep "Edge of Collapse" now on Itunes!
more closing issues? Sorry to hear you are frustrated!! Hope it all works out.
thanks for the mention! U-Rock!
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed Aha Sit Back And Relax...
What is the most important thing you find at the MOMS Sale on March 12th? And how much are you willing to pay for it?
Cross-training took it out of me tonight but tomorrow will be a cool 3 miles. Can't wait.
Did i really just wake up?
This makes the Titanic song way more sad.
Got accepted to the Masters of Music Horn Performance program at San Francisco Conservatory!!!!!! :) :) :)
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard
we sat in 109 with you guys a few weeks back and now we are obsessed. Chanted for #shark last night in 136 too!
but on the real i had hella fun with my group doin the project
We want to thank the great people from for manning our phone bank tonight!
Oh. I thought it got a limited release somewhere. It was the only film I saw at Lone Star Film Fest this year
Thanks!! So excited to be back! :) RT Welcome back!!
Pretty poor four-hit outing by the offense again. Something needs to change.
Given no word on Gasol, I need to start Ant Rand this week. Do you think he continues to get big minutes?
Im good. A little busy today running around with errands, but I'll make it hahaha
i knw, a lot of people feeln tht way right now lol. ive been busy haha. im good tho, how r u?
thanks for sharing!
you're a lifesaver. gimme a quick follow so I can send a DM
Awake :I
Today is Speak in #REM Lyrics Day. I only know words from the first 4 albums, but fortunately it's not the end of the world.
Basically... ALL details go in one ear & out the other
Tears flowed from my eyes. I'm so very sorry for your loss. I said a special prayer for you & your family tonight. Much love~
thrilled is back on!
Asphalt ceiling = much more oppressive than the usual glass ceiling.
WOW! Would the Packers be able to get that for Flynn?
Getting our Twitter account live in anticipation of our Grand Opening. Follow us to get in on our launch giveaways!
#YouWereCuteUntil you lied about your age.
if i didn't know you, i'd rather not know. if i couldnt have you, i'd rather be alone.
lmao......my kids said to me what did u do for fun growing up without ps3 and internet? I said we used to Play out side
thanks for the RT
Still at blackbirds. Whose got 2 thumbs and is gonna be in trouble tomorrow?
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW and ill shout you out if you ask!
bonding with my brother by clean up the house haha
haha it'd harder. You bar the 3rd fret
sometimes i really just wanna smack people
i was in the 5th slot so i ran in the loop, probably the coolest was the lead-in to bonnet carre spillway, surreal
you gettin the pool right? well ether way you are
I didn't vote yet but santorum will be my choice offset Romney
Congrats to Big Al Jefferson, Josh Howard and the rest of on reaching the postseason! Quite a run.
thanks again for the feature! I'm flattered! :) happy cinco de mayo weekend everyone!
Why can't more women want the same?
One day after I get internet service fixed..the phone goes out..service means nothing to some companies these days..
We just followed your #Pinterest boards!
:-) I can relate! Our renditions of "Happy Birthday" make all the neighborhood dogs howl. Happy Mother's Day!
I need to trade some snapbacks
Madness in the Personal Informatics workshop = 6 min talk = not so mad = win!
#YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen... your whiskey still doubles as an explosives lab. #yuckalert 4 "Who that's some strong stuff"
What can I say? I'm a sucker for love. I made fun of the Royal Wedding and now I can't stop watching it.
Oof. RT RT : Charlie Manuel just said the Phillies are playing poorly 'in all phrases of the game."
"R" is among the most menacing of sounds! That's why it's "murder" and not "muckduck."
want to know what the best thing is? just completely ignore them. Don't fight fire with fire. It doesn't matter what they say
I hope he has incredible metabolism!
Cuz far knew I had dem 20's n big fat
Bard seems to have settled down. Red Sox up 4-3.
Who else read #fiftyshadesofgrey ????
Another Beautiful day! Today's special is a pastrami sandwich! Don't forget your side of greek fries!
Oh, that's right. Vest is an undershirt there, isn't it? My apologies. Waistcoat. Definitely.
Kei down and limping! I told you this dang rain not good on my guys!! This sucks.
Not feeling it today.
Can't wait to smash my baby making me some smothered chicken rice and gravy!
If your wife is out of town & you think you are "babysitting" your own kids, you need a refresher on "fatherhood!"
Openings in Detroit: .Net / SharePoint Developers, Technical Project Managers and Coordinators, Flash Developers, and PHP Web Developers.
keep going on MSLSD you stuttering retarded troll. You make those weirdos like "The Bulldyke" look half way normal.Take ur meds
The man who has no imagination has no wings
what are his cap numbers? Honestly didn't even look
pwease follow me(:
#sschat, Thanks for the great chat tonight!
Jordan Grassi Band @ Smith's Olde Bar this Saturday, doors at 4pm.... Are you coming? I hope so!
Chocolate chip....?
Hahahha awesome end! #mlamobiletech they added music!!!
New record would be nearly perfect if he didn't sing about being a Dodgers fan on "Only Son of the Ladiesman"
a misunderstanding. Ava's book said "escaped being attacked by pirates" and she got excited.
And this whole time i thought you were Asian.
Glad you could join us! See you again soon!
Great class tonight! Extreme cardio day and everyone killed it.
In the weight room and the gym is my trap house
You can encourage others by letting them know about EggDrop or selling your own stuff and actively engaging your neighbors.
Welp...I'm sufficiently freaked out for the day. Ha ha! =P
just was there
Okay ... time to personally join twitter and stop hiding behind a biz account.
Stoked for $20 off with #AmexWholeFoods!! Now, what to make for dinner?
they a bunch of haters Bruce!! You must be doing something right! :) ready for this championship run!? #GoSpursGo!!!
Whats up... How much more school do you have left.
makes me laugh every time i watch
Good morning! How was your weekend?
I just had a Sister (the religious kind) enter to win Momofuku!
Amazing and well deserved. Congratulations!
“: I think some people should get two Facebook accounts... one for each face”
Life is a marathon - don't sprint and burn out. Care for yourself and go the distance, savoring every moment!
It's about that time
new website is up! once i tweek it a bit i'll post a link :)
5 Beautiful Road Bicycles - 1 Woman - PhotosSelectismcom - road bikes women
Rooting for
Congrats :) Start Drinking!! RT Passed all of my boards!!! I'm an RDH whoo hoo
'He said he wanted to f**k the s**t out of me..' Mariah Yeater - LOOL and I ate a krabby patty on my purple unicorn in Narnia yesterday .
[2Cor5:21] FatherGod made our Lord Christ who knew no sin; to be sin for us & we are made the righteousness of FatherGod in our Lord Christ.
Sometimes that right person was there all along... but you never saw them because the wrong person was always in their way.
We reported you for spam, but would rather report you for your heinously bright smile and botoxed face....
OMG!last sunday i went to my cousin who are marrie i see a boy is so cute,cool,hamsome,nice he told i was so beautiful,THX DARLING!
PEACE DAY 2011 Entertainment & Fun for the WHOLE family... FREE! FREE! Saturday, May 14, 2011 1350 S. Sepulveda Blvd. LA, CA RETWEET!
I speak for the weak hearted and rejected and not just myself. I pray for the depressed and stressed and not only me. I defend courtesy!
We often forget to fully live in the present. Like I said, your moment is coming... be patient and enjoy each moment. : )
You are darling!
how's you english project coming?
Happiness is blackout stout
A moment to think about who I will meet today and what we can share.
Perfect that's when I was thinking. RT those specials for me please, kind sir.
Other phony memories from Mitt's childhood: Inventing the cotton gin, Seeing Mozart in concert, & Hearing War of 1812 updates on the radio.
It's so cool I couldn't read the story!
I love my brothers room...
Shower<3 then off to bed! :)
really can't tell but seems science oriented...
now that u have a license u have no excuse 2 say u cnt chill with me cuz u can drive 2 my Plc :)
We love your work ! Looking forward to an #IU reunion soon!
I just sold all my stock so I can unleash some beautiful vinyl on you in the next couple months. Stay tuned.
Great strategy session with the development team this morning... 2011 is going to be a great year for empowering and tracking social...
Good Luck!
ONLY 5 DAYS LEFT UNTIL PI-ATHLON! Who's ready for pudding wrestling or to pie-a-pal!
. Just me ▼ . Between the promise and the product there is always the process.yes It takes time for our...
Bitch you wasn't with me recording in the lab!
DID YOU FORGET THE PHONE WORKS BOTH WAYS?(;
Jeffrey has now been ordained and elevated from Brother to Reverend! Please join us in welcoming Rev. Jeffrey to the ministry!
Svr T-storm warning expires for Blue Earth, Brown, and watonwan Counties.
Sounds great! We'd love to work with you!
why do republicans hate gay marriage? They sure don't hate gay prostitutes
y ya'll co-worker keep running up and down this damn isle? Lmao!
chi-chin!!!
Come and say good-bye to Perry Merkel today. Free drinks all day until 5 p.m. to celebrate his retirement.
“Never succumb to the temptation of bitterness.” -Martin Luther King Jr.
I always have fun at the Hunter house :)
in car listening to power 96 baby
Wow-My site is red and green-who changed the colors? Anyone ever have this happen to them?
I hope I am in a tent, sleeping, 24hrs from now. 12 hrs frm now, I'd better be packed. 10 bucks says Danny Ocean will be in my dreams 2night
Tip: Critique a website for what it is & what it needs to accomplish, NOT what you _want_ it to be and what you _think_ it should say.
V-Day on the road for us listening to the sweet sounds of Rick James. Now that's romantic. Congrats to #theblackkeys! 2 piece bands rule.
hiey there :D
No lie
#LN2012 discussion- Why so workers form unions?
Straight acting gay boys #wellimattracted honestboys
So, basically, I can't use the Internet until I watch Mad Men, otherwise it's just the Spoilernet. Thanks, Internet, yay!
THANK YOU! I just received 2 free passes to any/all museums for mentioning Volunteer Month.
Twitters just somewhere to go when there's no one to listen.
*dies from mighty green fist bump*
Last full week of school.
"I always look to the system for a solution. If a challenge arises I use a system correction before I look for a people correction. I use...
We had the BEST time today! Can't wait for more tomorrow. Thank you!
#SaySomething makes me wanna drop everything im doing and dance<3 #PERFECTION 11
NO PINK SLIME in our meat supply!! Another reason to go organic, eh? It isn't designer food...it's REAL food.
What's the 85 percentile rule?
He showed today he has what it takes for the Belmont, its the Preakness we need to worry about
I've gotten great results from radio campaigns (charting) but costs $$$$$ Nice to switch it up in age of internet
My favorite skater is Lil Wayne.
Am i the only one not watching vin's ustream? Fml. Somebody better record it
It took a whole week for somebody to register this. whois geneticallydifferent.com
Good morning to recent follows and new friends and Have a great day.
Today I am thankful.
thanks for all the retweets!!!
Our lunch special runs till 4 so u've got 1hr to come in & get your $5 Pastrami Sandwich!
: "IPhone coming real soon” Siri, it's 1st and goal... What's the play?
neither do I :S
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to some great #socialmedia insight from the City of Angels!
I shall show you the email tomorrow :)
Thinking about how only in Los Angeles would you see on a hike like I did yesterday in Griffith Park...
