fantastic baby is my song at the moment
how can we get ur older original music on iPod format??
now up talking about dropbox
Hey - Haven't seen commentary from you lately. Hope you are well.
Who would have thought Trey Parker and Matt Stone would ever make it to and sweep the Tonys
i used to live in #NovaScotia thats why i asked.
not forgotten.....picked em to finish last in East
Dear neighbors I can't stand your stinky smoking. Bo (I am a former smoker nearly 20 years. Almost 2 years smoke free.)
Def Hope everyone gets GLC's New album in stores tomor!!!
speak the TRUTH Nina!! :)
Looking like another Carter late night. I need sleep.
time to start training.
Cincy's a good town. Good ballpark. Venture out of downtown a bit an you'll find a few very cool neighborhoods.
“: When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.”
rehearsal. Getting ready for Jackson this weekend!
@ jimmyblake Thanks - looking forward to your visit here next week!
Gingerbread Train Photo Contest ends TOMORROW. Grand Prize B&O Family & Friends Membership (valued at $125)!!
Thank's to all of Our SNOCLOTHING Follower's!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
how often is the open mic on monday
Slovenia to raise takeover threshold to 33.3 pct - Reuters
you were amazing on please come back again
What are two goals you have for your business this year?
RT : I don't get groups of sober people. Especially after 5pm. I mean -- just what the fuck are they trying to do?
Appreciate the RT blessing~ enjoY your Thursday! \o/
Certainly not on Palm Sunday, geez.
but unlike Trot or Maoist sects, we don't think these figures formulated a model to be followed in every historical situation
When You See My Friends is available on iTunes now. :') getitgetit
Jon from Oklahoma says All is well.
Will Kimler, #Darwin biographer, will make Frank #Zappa fit the history of #science this morning on Mystery Roach #WKNC 88.1
Once Upon a time #WhenIWas13 I used to stuff my bra :,,,,(
RT : My 1st review! "Social commentary and familiar tropes make [Modelland] an enjoyable guilty pleasure."...
Fittingly, OPERA is grand. Easily one of Argento's best
How goes it?
I understand what you are saying.. fatigue is the worse -
Instagram: Yes, I like to take pictures on inanimate objects too.
BAHAHAHAHAHA!(; ME=GIBBY.. ALL DAY, ALL NIGHT!(;
Shit will never be the same no matter how good it gets....Theres no trust.
Still readin MAM applications - great prospects but startin to go a bit
I wanna see!! (: link me up girl!
Sorry. They have them in the vending machines on campus & it looked good. :P
There is also a "Paranoid Park". Related? RT I think I saw Punishment Park...oops, wrong movie, same title :)~
mistakes are worth making.
You doubting me is my biggest motivation
Old friend from high school in town for the weekend. Great to see her, time to recover before the work week.
"Do you not see the logic of my plan?" "Yes, but it just seems so heartless."
RT : amendemant has been made to the trade. Nuggets now also getting Kosta Koufos from Minnesota.
"Stinkin' hungry?" come down for our AWESOME Live Jazz brunch going on now!
just drew a nice picture:)
did u take any pics
yes! How do we do that?
are you coming to Indy?
going back to an ex is like taking a shower and putting on old gym clothes...just not worth it and you just gotta shower again
thanks for the return. ;)
Agreed. This is my favorite time of year. I love those trees.
About to eat Greek Chicken and corn on the cob. I'm pretending its warm and summer-like!
at halftime the Jam are down 47-44... leading scorers for the Jam are Trey Johnson (11), Pattillo (9), and Butch (9)
Mobile twitter changed. I like it.
I lived life fine before you. But now, i cant imagine life without you.
You are now part of the fan club... Congrats and enjoy every episode!
moving through the day. not too bad.
#MarchMadness continues! How are your brackets holding up?
Woodfish hosting all day, all ages, Lake Fest 2010 outside deck party overlooking Lefferts Lake @ The Buttonwood Mannor in Matawan, July 25
RT I'm selling my Lollapalooza tickets for face value. Any Chicago tweeps want a pair of 3-day passes? DM me.
Dinner Special Option #2:Seasoned slices of chicken or beef gyros over rice pilaf w/ Spanakopita, dolmas, soup or salad & Pita w/ tzatziki
The number of Toms are outnumbering Chucks.
for real? Fuck off dude..
Thanks for the random follow. (:
Men take care of your kids... don't handicap your babymama tell that hoe get a life better yet get a career #singlemotherblues I'm going in!
Patron: Aren't you bored? Me [surrounded by reading material & looking at a heckish March program schedule of 9 different events]: Wha-at?
LET ME BUSS A NUT ON YO FUCKIN FACE!!
I just saw someone go into albertsons as i was trying to park that looked like M and he just glared at me for no reason lol
"I've learned there are two things you shouldn’t waste your time on: things that don’t matter and people that think you don’t matter…”
Today's Flatbread: Bacon, Chicken, onion, tomato & pink peppercorn creme Soups: Broccoli Beer Cheese or Watermelon Gazpacho
Two people completed 160 oz Prime Ribs for the Travel Channel's Food Paradise today. Awesome!
Your welcome.
100 followers by tonight??? Can we do it?
thanks for the follow! You're gonna have a blast with these workouts! They're hard but very rewarding at the end :)
me too!
Listening to Sunday night slow Jams is the best thing to relax or to just think of those good moment and the bad moments
“: "For you I'd wait, til kingdom come. Until my days, my days are done."”
Im about to cause a seen ub this tjmaxx! For a fucjing $5 picture frame! Yes!
if you need any logs, I'm on gtalk. ;)
RIP Richard Clark... Enjoy the eternal band stand. Thanks for everything.
I'm not tha type to kiss ass, I juss dgaf!
"Best PIO in Nevada " said Councilman Smith. we agree!
Ugh, I wish the mail would get here already so I can watch the new Twilight I netflixed
hope u read the letter I gave u and follow me <3
I don't handle pain well so was just wondering about that.
Just crushed an 18 of Coors. Meeting Budmayr at the Outer Limits to discuss his game management...
they are ha
I tweeted sneak peak instead of sneak peek this morning. we're even. i is a good spellar.
B true 2 yoself &be less concerned with what others think of u Don't accept their definition of U,but grow in2 a self definition of yourself
A measly $5 can turn into a fat piggy bank. Get the lowdown by sending an email to
Tbh I wanna cry right now
It's soo fucken annoying wen you know your meant to be with somebody n some bitch keeps saying he's my future husband like no bitch stfu!!!
ready to go home B**&((
today has been very dreary and boring<3
Really San Diego? Closing off streets at 6am to prep for Mardi Gras at 6pm? What a waste of taxpayers time and money during rush hour.
5000 more. He snaps w/64 off. He had flopped the nuts. I brick and am home early again.
1st to shake hands, firing up teammates. Classiest post-game I've seen, male, female, alien or otherwise
Right back atcha!
Valentine's day plans? We'll be on the road listening to Rick James, because he knows how to treat a nigga.
Haters are in shock i swear.
GTFI! Super sub!
Working on The Mix all afternoon....Looking forward to BLS @ The Rave tonight!
Die Die Dayenu.
Hahahaha, why you gotta be so mean? Lighten up. <3
ND football lost a freshmen all-american today. 6-6 270 pound Aaron Lynch is going back to FL. Wonder if he'll play for the Canes or UF?
you should be offended those guys are at least 10 or 15 years older than you.
A recent review: "Wow what a nice condo! What a view! We are at the hooks game now, beautiful ballpark! " Kathy Laura
Oh my god, Dominic Brown got me in TEARS!!!!!! I gotta RT that in the A.M so more people can see it lol
I need to go to the art museum but I don't have a car...
Fac. Dev. Session (NW College) biggest mistake - presentation based 1st year: solution: reduce information overload
good feedback. We're working on other options for signing in, thanks for checking it out.
well that crazy eye picture might give me nightmares
Good morning! Still getting some Birthday greetings. Seriously guys THANK YOU!! I love you all.😊
Yeah. And there are tons of ways to make lit more marketable. It just takes change people aren't willing to make.
« I think i know what song we were listenin to yesterday..or Friday. Beez In The Trap..heard of it?» Y'ALL LATE
Let's go Tribe. Keep this train moving
Come join us for free bingo at 7 tonight!!
"Just one for diner" Welcomed the roadhouse hostess. Cold winter evening
Sentence purposely lost by contrarian: “The twain met, moved in together with tit and tat, work at a company comparing apples and oranges.”
Masters golf fans!!!!!! Tiger is back.
Don't let go
I have been watching you 4 years so happy to finally see you getting the acknowledgements you deserve #hardworkpaysoff <3
👌Single 😊Taken ✔Too busy stalking and being obsessed with Taylor
I love how your BIO say Miami, Florida (:
- I called Tuesday, your VM was full. Sunday boating day inivte, today not biz call. Enjoy the sun.
Tripoli is a great bakery!! What are you getting?
please follow me ♥:)
Thanks for the #FF! Happy Friday!
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop from 9 to close. Me, Arlo, and Scott will bring musics, Rodney will pour warming booze, you will enjoy.
At my grandma's house...
Stop by the Chamber to discuss membership OR give us a call at 937-6100. Ask for our President, Sue Thomas! :-)
.. You guys are amazing <3 GOD BLESS YOU.
It's i hate men day:) haha i like it
Awh, you sweet. (:
Heading to Catfish Row tonight! Can't wait to see and the rest of the cast!
33 pitches so far
She like u remember
Hey, Vince... was in last week's episode--- pink dress with a turban-like hat in the restaurant. Another soon.
A friends with benefits ...might have to start lookin for that instead
Fantastic Libby! VASM is a wonderful place. Nathan goes frequently ;) Take some cool pics!
will do dude.
Who will get the last #cluncon spot?? YOU?? RT : ONE
AND thomas vanek!
I wish I could put you in a better mood.
Today fucking sucks donkey balls
Quick hits: Miami Dolphins rookie minicamp report
You should, it changes your view on things. Read it so you guys won't think I'm crazy when I talk about it lol
nevermind I can't because you're not following me :( But remember in High School, that guy that creeped on you all the time..?
sick, good for him
Some men focus more on how to get a woman, but once they have her, they lose focus on how to keep her.
My Kaila Idowu acct. was both hacked and deactivated. But, never- the- less>>>>> I'M BACK!!!
tie between Swiss and chèvre :D
I really, really don't like the new #gmail interface
"your not even white you're clear". "the 3 rings to a marriage engagement ring wedding ring and suffeRing".
lmfaooo!! Omg yes ahahahhaha to funny I gotta see it aging nigga ahhhaha that was long time ago damn :-)
did they run a blood test for (late stage) Lyme, btw? It is so common here on MV, so many have it - awful thing.
Love being with all the family
I Only Need 46 More Followers Until I Get To 600 !
It exists but in numbers far smaller than wll ever affect an election.
'Xbox 8'? I do kind of like that name. It's better than 'Durango'.
I didn't feel too bad. Mainly tired.
I think you'll be pleased with the result
Every time I see a tweet I get excited. I hope they announce their return or something about the movie.
I can't wait to see the next muppets movie, "The muppets look for work"
me too. (-: Glad you took part. But sad you didn't come to massage my knee.
BTW where did you discover the instrument museum?
When you're ready just say you're ready.
unless she starts using drugs…
also u only have to worry about northern pike not sharks hehehe
Homework and babysitting tonight, pedis with and her momma tomorrow, and then work c: Fun stuff, bro!
Sweet thanks for the tip Ocho. Now following...
thanks for the follow back :)
ah sweet! san diego..hense my name;)xx
what's your phone number? Or DM me it please…
When I look to your desk during the PM shift, I shed a single tear because I know you are out there, somewhere, having fun.
Hi, cat. Yes please smear your wet-food-covered face on my typing fingers to show your love. Ah yes now lip-smack your fur.
Send video when you bang her.
thank you generous Heather! just signed a joint venture deal with a production company...LGAH soon to be a movie!
anti-aging is another way of saying your pro-death. If you don't get older, you die
Crazy bones.
its not the same in my bed!
#IWishYouKnew Jokes stop being funny when someone is crying.
But you're so hypnotizing, You got me laughing while i sing, You got me smiling in my sleep</3. I need you back, I miss you);
Thank you! Was thinking of you today because it's 68 degrees here--you won't have to leave all of the South behind. ;)
Please No More Tim Tebow Talk! The Horse is Dead!
RT Only 2% of #teachers are black men. How can we advance #racialequity & help more #educatedkids succeed?
[Our blessings] are the gracious gifts of the Most High God, who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins hath [still] remembered mercy.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps anything with
in all fairness, they are from buffalo. They never had a chance.
And not just suits. They need to be bad ass suits.
To communicate effectively, people need to understand how to apply a variety of methods of communication to the situations they face daily
Happy birthday to the best dad ever!!! Love you(:
These beaches get off on this Dirty Money song they snapped...and yes ima keep talking about this song so what :-P
A OMG OMG E HOOOOJE
Bravo -- Inside the Actors Studio -- Mad Men.
Are we really about to skate through the neighborhood .
Cats must claw a hole in the sofa/box spring to make a nest.
yea once
No, I mean neurotech. TERMINAL MAN is about putting electrodes in an epileptic's brain. Doesn't quite work out.
They are now in fashion and really look sophisticated in their own natural property appropriate for the wedding
everyone stop, two door cinema club is so good
Sure, how do I apply?
A guy who can make a girl laugh, can make her do anything!😍
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. Zig Ziglar
When I go shopping for baby stuff I want the father to be as excited as I will be, not depressed
What she order, fish filet? LOL
“: The worst feeling is not being lonely, It's being forgotten by someone you could never forget.”
Look, everybody: 's at
MT : is 1st African-American nominated by major party 4 Lt. Governor. A #wirecall breakthrough.
Now thanks teamwork, goal!
D: omg wheere when and ah.
hei you have msn or facebook or something like that?
Server updates are in progress. We will be back soon.
our website is up and running, took 2 Macs, a Dell PC, 4 cats, Kiki, Lily and some canine pal, plus one Bev and Joey! Check it OUT!!! :D
but there's no custard near their hotel right?
our pleasure!
Thanks for posting that! That's great news!
I leave next thursday anyway. I am going to CT to visit my sister for my birthday
For better or worse?
Angie's right leg has a twitter account!!! It's and it has 41K followers.
I'm curious in the significance; difference between the use of sand verses crayons to draw a picture. I learned something new.
People at my school say people with green eyes have cancer.....THAT'S NOTHING TO JOKE ABOUT !!!
Just had my last music business class with the whole gang. LE CREYS
I'm going to update to 7, but I need to get the Vista restored first then upgrade.
With the Lotus' troubles, concerns are starting to bubble about fielding 33 cars for the Indy 500.
full-moon-melancholia!
Korean Girls Are Really Cool...
Our seismic activity also helps make sure the whole state does periodic "tours". :) See you soon!
haha damn straight shes normal now
What are your plans for the Super Bowl this Sunday? Will you be attending or hosting a party?
RT I'm always the worst when things are the best. I think I'm just afraid of being happy.
Waited til today to do all my shopping. I love trips to the Zoo! 1st stop the bar
Sucks to suck.
Google+ is the gym of social networking: We all join, but nobody actually uses it.
Oh, she'd have full access to pretty much a full kitted-out kitchen if she wanted. It's the one thing I have to offer anyone!
Thanks for helping us celebrate unsung #volunteer heroes,
oh my gosh i can't wait!!
This is the same dope that wanted a trade all year, He's a baby, the NBA is a Joke!!!!
Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see. Hebrews 11:1 NIV
There are over 500 business in incubation in NJ biz incubator network. Incubation provides great support for startups.
Yes.., it absolutely counts. Otherwise, I'm fooling myself too. Bouncing counts as leg exercises too!
That would b a heck of an accomplishment. Thought my teams did something with 3 WCAC's & 2 City Tiltles. Robinson's a WINNER.
Just got to show my colleague who , & are on the #ereexpo stream. She says "Hey" guys!
we thought of making something with the name. We were leaning towards a shake. We like to push things a bit!
Sam Kinison and a night away from the x wife!!! Winning
It's just too bad the Caps will never have a 2 goal lead. Ever.
STRICTLY BUSINESS WEDNESDAYS AT MAJOR LEAGUES ... the mingle n networking event u dont wanna miss!!!
thank you that Means alot<3
New Episode Rocked Ur Really CUTE
": words of wizdom?" when the going gets tough, have a TV special and run away from your city
hehe i'm hyper
That's awesome. Kinda in the same boat here, I've been super inspired lately and experimenting again. It feels great.
I encourage every woman to read the book Songs of Deliverance by Marilynn Griffith. :-)
I believe it's working.
TELL ME
I was enchanted to meet you...
I used to... Now I'm waiting for America's got talent, hopefully it'll be good.
Nop O_o but i do have a guy friend his my best best best friend in this world his name is edward :D his awesome O_O n ILH
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BESTFRIEND.
I cant stop what i feel you aint a notch in my belt i aint gonna lie to you girl i want you all to myself <3
Greenberg: The lunch break I was afraid would not end
I know that my heart is joyful , because God is working In me <3
My mom literally always makes me feel like crap is unbelievable...and then she asks why I want to go away to college
next Ticketstock, can you get an ex-Cowboy/drug runner roundtable going with Big Nate and Sam Hurd?
I did my nails with purple marker and shiny base because I had no money to buy new nail polish...Broke ! It looks good thou :)
I love that song! :)
M.I.A
is it too possible to get tweetback from you?
Happy anniversary!
Just got done talking to #oomf about my hoe problems lol.
If I were to send you boys a package, where would I send it? DM me :)
Woohoo! online northwest:best conference ever.
Downloading as we speak Thanks. Have not heard good #daze/#shoegaze in a while. Long while.
"A typical job interview is a conversation between 2 liars." -Search Consultant Claudio Fernandez-Araoz
well I wanna hear his 3 steps on how to keep us. I know that's gon be a mess lol
Thank you! RT : were out of time but I want to answer the relapse question for anyone out there if thats okay?.
Darn uber twitter meant to say but drop down menu doesn't always work
I already follow u lol!
Hood star
Marc gasol is balling out right now
LMAO! I didn't think that sounded right.
Beautiful! Just beautiful. : )
Twits at the LOC
I caught that too! RT : And you changed your username. :-) Tricky!
“: I gotta work he go have to send me the track list” ok I'll let him know... I think he said rehearsal is sat
Smartphone security features primarily focus on protecting the interests of the network operator, not the user.
yes. SM marks intensification -- not invention -- of reflexive impression/identity management.
Me & my lil sis always into it about something, but at the end of the day I love her lil big head ass.
Cant wait till thursday! :D
happy b-day!! Your tweets make me laugh my ass off :)
Watched a woman slap her man because she dropped her own iced Coffee. I watched him dry off and leave her there! Can I get ur autograph man?
'Abdu'l-Bahá is speaking at All Souls Church in the Abraham Lincoln Center.
oh! Who do you think? I think we're on the same page.
I'm still dying.
Events in the Ancient Olympic Games
Shopping in Harvard Square: Those sneakers are cute. Oh, they're $470.
I'd say by the way we all cried our lungs out during Bruised, way too many of us have gone through the same long distance roller coaster.
Such a terrible way to end the #Bulls season on the freethrow line. Can't even believe it. Smdh
All I want to do is not do my homework
He made fun of me the whole time he was fixing it! But he also showed me how to fix it...
Done. Although it looks like the quiet company is quietly kicking your butt.
Southern accents are the epitome of dolor.
I'm glad that Jimmy Howard will never see any play during the Olympics.
Looks like you've had several great months! Good on you. The books look yummy, too!
Man. Awesome time of prayer at ALWC tonight.
Met with another advisee, sent out a few more emails, looked over some paperwork for a service obligation.
#PRAllStars season finale! is my #1 since his season. Time for the judges to get it right!
it hurt to see you cry. I feel like I'm dying slowly seeing ur tears fall...
Congrats to a big win last night for the and a huge performance from !
Just rewatched The Kids Are All Right and liked it way way better w/o the audience at Riv oaks cnstntly laughing to prove how hip they are.
how's the school year started for you?
uhh nevermind...I figured it out.....
I like your blog! I especially loved the Ricardo Tisci post, those photos are absolutely amazing
Lindsay Lohan cries in the Entertainment Bucket. theentertainmentbucket.com
passion...destiny...adventure...dreams...exhilaration
Should have stopped for a bottle of wine on the way home. Someone needs to create an alcohol delivery service. Right ?
this is a sport more than others where players quit to get a coach fired or themselves in a certain city
Pussy like medication for patients.
Good morning! Did anyone see Obama at FAU yesterday? Thoughts and comments are welcome if you did?
The realization that everyone is making it up as they go along, even the ones who look like they have it 'together.'
i'm generally impressed with the grammar on urban dictionary. on average, much better than my fb tl.
squats and lunges....just sayin
omg how the hell can you be a manager? lol
Ima hang this phone up.
Is anyone available for a radio interview with public radio station in LA? Would like to talk asap for our am news show thx!
Tweet Watching!(:
if this video is out there tho, send it my way, you watch first tho.
Awesome! Keep it up. How long have you been producing for?
Codys shooting his #solisten music video shoot
Happy 100th birthday to the OREO (:
Having a good day waiting for iTunes to publish Episode 002!! RT if you're ready
This album has some kick-ass attitude/feeling, and as good/beautiful as the last 2 singles maybe, that spunk is not represented.
Worked for hrs on document from colleague via email. Saved lots, but not 'save as' to documents- are edits in temp file or gone? Can't find!
Jus leaving the lab....
Grass cutting season! Thanks for helping me
Staying up until daylight to play Saints Row 2? I think so.
that way I won't have 2,000 siblings chasing me around.
This series needs to end already.
Dear "madam", if you were an actor they'd call that facial expression "indicating."
Watching Imus on fox biz..
you should think about the interview you have today.. not the fact that cueto is about to get blown up
We're on our way to the show. Hope to see you guys there.
haha I finally made the switch. Bout that time :)
just sent you an email about your blog post "Starting" :-)
Packers,brewers, badgers...lol....
is that how you feel?
I love talking to Siri. Anyone else?
m spurs
just read your book cover to cover... What an inspirational and amazing gem of wisdom! Thank you!
followed! :D RT: FOLLOW ME on VIDDY!!
Woke up with a headache. How the fuck does that work?? Piece of shit body...
I wish a bitch would!!!
good night <3
No, we will def be opening back up! Just remodeling!
We just finished the first stunt - blowing out the back window. Footage looks amazing! Next up: burying the lead actor in mud.
some nice validation there!
Wow. I'm with , I need this.
Buy him a beer; make his year.
Did you have campbells soup this morning? Cause you're looking mm mm good!
very well
Civil Brand is still a tough movie for me to watch...
Hollande: I promised to withdraw combat troops from #Afghanistan by end 2012. #France will support but in different way.
at least you are ranked!
that's where we always tailgate anyways whit!!!
so true, storytelling (oral traditions) used to be our primary source of learning and maintaining the continuity of knowledge
the Truth always finds it's way home
is very pleased by the turnout for the VA Festival of the Book Events. We are at SRO on the first two events. If you love oceans--get here!
No matter the distance. No matter the time spent apart. We will always be the best of friends & our memories will last a lifetime
Vote for Paul George in the dunk contest! #GoDogs!
Whether looking for work or starting a biz - prep yourself by answering a few questions, including "Where do you see yourself in 5 years?"
Awesome! I'll try and check it out :)
M... Sussex is in, Brown Deer and Dretzka are slated for 4-27, and the new Estabrook course is mapped out and in soon. Yay!
oh, well thanks again. Highlight of my day :)
The ultimate TGIF! We'd like to thank everyone that came out last night to our Springfield Healthy Loving class. Good times!
DUDE we are going!!
Just heard We Won't Give Up on , what and awesome song! #Rockin about
Now accepting fan artwork for the new full length record "Here and After". Check the bands Facebook page for details!
Oh you didn't know? Your ass better call somebody!
4 an example of what kind of business man Romney is take a look at his absolutely bass-ackwards prediction of the auto bailouts.
I can go on forever lol
shadowbar as well!
I was going to go but i overslept :(
please send booking contact
we choose 31 or Menchies. you would move into Menchies.
Ask Style: What Are Some Haute Hostess Gifts for Thanksgiving? I 'm going to be a guest at my friend 's Thanksgiving feast this week. Do
Shack on a rock, castle on the sand
H3yy, wh R y0uu dO!nq?" About to throw a dictionary in your face.
Iguodala Stop Shooting!!!
How is the AT&T store ALWAYS busy
As I listen to the ESPN announcers fellate B Harper, I chuckle about how much they'll turn on him when he eventually (reasonably) slumps.
not really. I'm just happy I'm not working Saturday night..;)
I'm not a bad student. I'm not disrecpectful. Don't write refferals on me. Ms.Lenners chose the wrong profession
And smart! A showbiz check bounces faster than any other.
Someday will follow me! #neversaynever :)
this made my day! this is sweet! and i hope you know youre just as gorgeous on the inside and out! ♥
good quote.
#prismlaunch Day - On your mark, get set....GO!
After a year off #freshjamz is back this Friday at Night Light in Oakland me and in the mix.
Would be nice if sms messages would go thru on Sprint in a timely fashion today :/
Okay airport bar. It's a little early for shots, but I'm game.
Happy Holiday Wkend cheese addicts! Don't forget 2 pack suntan lotion, bathing suits, and of course 4 ur wkend getaway!!
i want to get you a kitty so bad now! XD
I think I deserve a nap tho.
I call Big E both :)
you'll never tweet again in this town.
quit lying
Waking up with a shot of Sumatra Lingtong.. Great crema, nice and thick. Big bass notes.
Best recommendations for connecting w/ people in diff industries, even after getting full-time gig you're happy with?
haha, love it! thanks for sharing :)
Royals gotta lead league in soft outs. Caught stealings, bunts, going extra base. Yost devalues outs so much it's laughable
I made it!
Yum! What kind of pizza?
lol I wasn't planning on it but the I couldn't stand to look at my notes anymore without some beer in me.
very cool
Happy Easter weekend to all of the Giants fans out there! God Bless
Suburban areas are less likely into be organized, but when they are they're org around kids
RIGHT HURRRR. *waves*
oh shit. putting 212 on my mom's iPhone. hahaha
#Facebook re-design. So far, exactly ZERO of my friends like this new experience. Lot's of confusion & ranting this morning on my news feed
Congrats. Still not enough for a stadium beer though
U know u know it wont stop
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SWIM" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
s/o to for the sweater tweet RT s/o to for following me after I tweeted one time about sweaters
Ugh I thinks it is finally time to get a new hair straightener :( I need a good one that won't cost me hella bank! Any suggestions?!
wha you want me to call you? TWITTER ANTS, TWITTER MONKEYS, or TWITTER PIGS?... lol
Thanks, Beth. I'm glad that you liked it.
ya'll misbehaving...i'm sure of it
Margie Haber workshops are life changing! I just got casted as a feature in the film "The Dark Secret!" Thank U Margie for being who U are!
0.2% FUTA surcharge expired 7/1/11. This temporary tax has been extended since 1976. Congress is considering another extension.
What!? It's the greatest marketing strategy ever. Targeting the manly men who only want a 10 calorie soda when raising hell...
I hate it when some girls think they have special rights because they think they're hot.
RT Love had BAC of .14, says medical examiner in #Huguely case. To be a cause of death, it usually has to be at least .40.
Masonic imagery in this old painting in class. Just dropped a jewel. No one noticed.
I didn't see where you can request a sample.
Happy 4th of JULY! It's America's birthday, celebrate TipCity style!
it's my guilty CW pleasure when I don't feel like thinking
986,494 Latino students would be affected if Congress Fails to Act
Bro this presentation makes me so sad...gonna go pop a molly ;)
I'm moving there :)
Heading to Balboa Park for Chelsea's Run 5K. Anyone else running?
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us... :-)
If you have a kid, don't fucking hit on me. I don't care how old you are.
Is The Definition Of Swag . #NuffSaid . <33
Was Jason's story on again today? I'm disappointed I missed it.
That guy makes it appear that Johnny Depp and Weird Al made a baby. Who are the country duo kids anyway?
When I decided to go natural, it was a 10 month internet process--could have written a book in all that times watching YouTube
The good man is in agreement with himself, and he grasps at everything in accordance with his entire soul #Aristotle NE 1166a13
DAM Its windy out there! School is open tomorrow,
So Blessed!😊🙏
What are you doing after Jazz in the Park tomorrow? Stop in and check out 3-Way Street, a folk rock band!
What are some sick bands to listen to? Tag them below!
dam the truth really does hurt
Just landed in Geneva. Switzerland waddup? Beautiful weather, awesome land. Counting my blessings!
A friend encourages your dreams and offers advice
Everything grinds to a halt when your computer moves at the speed of
You can't hurt me with the truth but don't comfort me with your lies! </3
what you waiting for
My kindle reading in the Subway was interrupted by a guy who recognized me as a character in #RussianDolls.Every day is an adventure.
Going to see the Reel Rock Film Tour tongiht.
When you see (understand) networks you are network literate. / Those who can build offline & online networks have an edge. -R. Hoffman
Busy weekend planned shopping, Brett's Christmas concert ,Baking, Brett's basketball game, Bucks game,Brett and Kurt's Christmas program.
R. Crisp w/ strawberries & blackberries- good, but more bitter (tart) than I'd expected, but good!
Inside Hoops is saying that they're pretty much a lock to match any offer. Nash will probably stay in PHX or go to TOR or NYK.
Watching Washington Wizards at Indiana Pacers with Viggle Fri | 12:30 | TEAM HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
- Nook. ePaper version is a great ereader and color is an iPad lite.
All aboard the
Even more excited about watching your show tomorrow after such a monumental day! #evolved #cheers!
30 people sleeping here in front of Bank of America at Occupy DC
justin's smile has been so genuine recently. it makes me so happy to see him happy :')
Great! Glad you got a chance to see the California Thrasher. It's song is like the Northern Mockingbird.
Ultra-serious, definitely.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm dreaming during the day without knowing
haha. As soon as I talk to my brother about residency! I just need to make sure I can pay my tuition. I wanna get out for good.
not yet! tuesday :)
It's the 100K-foot view summarized for higher ed admin. Hopefully not news to academic librarians.
i love this quote *im not afraid to fall im just afraid to fall for the wrong person*
needs an E Wayne Powell sign. He is the Dem running against Cantor
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY NEEDS 2 STEP UP MORE, MUCH MORE & FIGHT WITH AND 4 THE PRESIDENT & THE PEOPLE. HE NEEDS 2 KNOW THEY'VE GOT HIS BACK.!
“: Oh. My. Fucking. God. THAT is why soccer is the best sport in the world. Props to city. Holy. Fuck.” my word exactly mate.
yes, but y'all had to know that w/our snowless winter we'd be getting lots o' extra humidity this summer
Hope everyone has a great day!
Amen girlfriend! RT : Thank God for #GlobalWarming. 50 degrees in a wisconsin January is
We brought our cans to the #recycling center and made $10! A great start to fund our trip to #auburn tomorrow!
WAY too seriously
Fantastic table read today for #GEEKSthemusical, it's going to be a wonderful show!!! Thanks
All I want is fucking Summer.
"i don't think about you at all..."
Happy Birthday to Miss Jennifer Nettles of Hope you Have the Greatest Day of all #happybirthdayjennifer....YOU ARE LOVED
We're very happy to have you! Thank you for participating in
shhhh... You don't even know what I am talking about. Lol
When guys lift up your chin and then kiss you >
cant connect at all on pc :(
I got punched in the eye/: the dwellings going down tho.
Live Everyday like it's your Last. Can't stress that enough.
what up man
Dear our lovable customer, today Divine clinic is officially re open after ied mubarak holidays.
Jamon. Paella. Absinthe. repeat
It's about time gonna start playing again band really needs to practice together and get a drummer
prom prom prom. gonna look
Things screwed in Chile now/still/again/ too ?
I think I'll head down to the mall for #Folklife2011. Want to see the exhibit. Anything I must not miss?
Ha! RT : Another lottery tip: To improve your odds, buy TWO tickets.
Hello :) follow for follow?
RT : It's beef with the fans I ain't messing with nobody who like purple and yellow #LETSGONUGGETS >Sweep coming
is basically begging you to use the C word
When girls make their boyfriend's do their hair or paint their toes. Like, are you really that fucking lazy?
I think my Favorite vid of her is StarShips!
That's the bravest dude on planet earth.
RT : Anyone think Apple's missing point w/ textbooks? Let's pull BEST web content-not content txtbk publishers think best....
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Don't wear clothes that have holes in the ass
Louie V condoms 68$ each that's one expensive nut! Lol
Glad you enjoyed the TD story! Cheers
You my boo thang ( :
"I'm about to lose my tomatoes" is now my new catchphrase.
I left something in my car. Idk if I should run out in this weather and get it or not.
ALERT: They should Occupy Moreton Fig, now that's 1%. RT : The students at Occupy USC look very bored
Really feeling our Fats Domino #Pandora station right now...
Wait....New Jersey is next to New York....I might meet the boyz either way...alright...i'm good(:
Anyone down for sushi after I get out of class?
It sounds like a fascinating film. We wish you much success!
thanks Raul :)
I'm asking U to suspend your belief in what appears real & jump to the place of "I created everything". Maia Berens, YOU University Creator
What about or ?
Annoying, clingy, obsessive, immature. Catchin' my drift?
I would rather see monkeys or maybe even kangaroos.
I'm willing to talk further about this. Stop by and see me at school.
Wedding in a barn. Reception in a barn. Totally awesome.
Jordan should go to a school football game at least once in her high school years
I gotta learn to get more informed before I post videos wholeheartedly on my fb site
"Let's squirt these people."
did you get smothered & covered yet?
maybe they can review the shops?
Rick Pitino 10-0 in the Sweet Sixteen. Wow.
haha my tolerance isn't what it use to be so gotta train for these things...day off absolutely not!!
ok thank u♥
I'm pretty tomboy like...commas...as a teacher I should remember that...
Don't give up on your college applications! It's tough but well worth it!
we got some over here, just not getting the shine yet. The key to the east is NY and right now its in a weird place so I feel u.
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day. Marian Edelman
I wish! True to what I've heard he looked as if he were in a hurry to get somewhere.
RT : Santorum lies about California schools not teaching American history. This will be on the exam...
kewl..and i just came up with some stuff too
": Can't believe I'm going to go back to school for 4 more years!! Getting my AuD on!" Say what?! Congrats Katie girl
Diamond is literally eating then stopping then eating again.....
I see my fated stars in your eyes. They melt me like the sun does snow.
See you there!!! Happy Friday to you as well!
Davis, spokesman for Darling, on tampering charge: It's a last gasp of a very desperate campaign and in Wi., a very, very desperate party"
Make the little things count. Teach midgets math.
Cotton Tale Designs Tiny Red Dragon 4 Piece Crib Bedding Set ...
unclear where Beckham was headed? Are you serious? What an utter joke you are. BASIC.
lmao. you would rt that. bitch.
Shopping with my moma
Went out for my morning walk in a t-shirt. It's a heat wave in the Bay Area!
Watchin' TV and laughing super hard because of Dominique xD she's so awesome
now following. And I thank you very much for following back. Have a great Friday.
you changed your name again?? Haha
If at first you dont succeed,skydiving is not for you.
Client calls us "head and shoulders" above the rest. Yup, I'll take that.
thanks boo hope u enjoy ur day off ;)
my man
I need to look up the weighted odds in my Steve Irwin Man v. Beast handbook. i'll get back to you
Can't Believe I already have to speed drill this day! My 2 minutes start now!
A gunshot in the 5O's /:
DON'T WANNA CLOSE MY EYES! I DONT WANNA FALL ASLEEP CAUSE I'LL MISS YA BABY AND I DONT WANNA MISS A THING!!!
Baltimore History Evenings in partnership with Baltimore City Historical Society kick off tonight at the VLP! 7-9pm
Amen to that--> RT : I swear to fucking god there has been a full moon for the last three days.
Heard several times today - showing a listing on a mobile phone especially video is a great way to get listings
haha its very clever!!! My Bluejeans is very cute!! haha
99 problems but a b**ch aint one lol
Big tie for the #wizards tonight. Glad to see score tonight. Hopefully he build off of this. Roger and were amazing
Kshsvskvifjskdicbakq I love one direction. Thank you SNL
We want to welcome our newest supplier - thanks for joining us y'all!
Happy Mother's Day!
you're such a slut it's disgusting
is so flawless just asdfghjkl;
why must it be -666 degrees in this library? I'm shivering!
Is it bad that I really want to watch the movie "Twister" right now? Yeah, probably.
S/O to the speed dating group at #EVilla yesterday. We hope some connections were made!!!!!
some of them are worth listening to - many of them aren't.
Found another good Twitter on Galveston. Follow for reports from the island.
My second favorite hockey team is whomever plays the Flyers.
everyone stacks the box so it's damn near impossible to dribble and pass around close to goal. that's why it's rough to score
: Thanks for putting on such a great show in DC. Massive headache the next day. It was worth it!
- Do you still have invites for Pinterest? I Would love one. Thanks.
Heading home to a glass of wine to celebrate the end of the work week
Now "hanging out" with President Obama on Google+.
for his new single!
i dont follow u u ddont follow me.. What are u i f.. HS.. Reportong u
I should have gone to law school...
Scrap yards are not only for stolen vehicles but move drugs. From my 30y experience in the bail bond business
Regret doesn't budge things; it seems crazy that the force of all that human want can't amend a moment, can't even stir a pebble.
Good Morning everybody
I can feel your prayers. 🙏
Wait is the Knicks crowd saying "Asshole"?
doh! i have a meeting that morning so i can't make the drupal group. perhaps mr. can make it?
I created more and more leisure for myself starting 15 years ago. Today I am trying to balance it. But now I am somewhat qualified.
I would be honored
i think imma lose some more teeth lol
who is available via free agency that would be a good pick up
Hey there! I saw your posts on the IIN boards. I am in the program too - another Pittsburgher. wanted 2 connect & say hi!
a little too much fun was had, #missedyou RT: Wishing everyone a great time #Oscars tonight!! et al”
hey love, check your INSTAGRAM notifications
Thanks for the follow! :)
a lot of it related with having to deal with closed content. Makes things just a tad harder.
How many tweets would it take to tweet the name of the album that holds the world record for longest title? We want the band name too.
3 teachers had seen me tweeting in class almost got in suspension but I didn't cuz I tried 2 convince my teacher
Final score blues 21 Glendale 21
That awkward moment when you realize you’re walking in the wrong direction, so you hit your pockets pretending you forgot something.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
ok, but my parents want to go to the movies... so hopefully before cuz I wanna get wet! Lol
Thank you!
What a gorgeous picture, Mary!
RT : Instead of criticizing other people, choose the Power position and Be the Example.
I WANT TO STAB YOU IN THE NECK WITH A KNIFE
Bring me some, please. Thanks. RT : I want roti & pollouri. Anything else is obsolete.
passion pit goes hard.
entrance exam
Words With Friends - productive brain stimulation or waste of time?
NEW INFORMATION: It appears that the suspicious package was a bag containing clothes. The scene is expected to be cleared shortly.
I see everything doubled from my facebook friends to my twitter peoples... dam you guys
Markieff's posterization of Blake Griffin
"No condition is permanent." ~African Proverb
All Time Low w/ The Ready Set, He Is We, Paradise Fears - Sat Nov 5 - tickets go on sale this Friday! ATL = our #1 most requested band 2010
Deal or No Deal gets me super hyped up
Guests on #TheMuppetShow requested scenes with specific Muppets. Miss Piggy, not Kermit, was the most popular.
cuz I'm way to lazy to get outta my freaking bed and ur a loser nighty night don't let my lizard bit u in ur sleep WUV YA :D
I just got back from the gym and I realized that a #healthybody is useless without a
Wedding in Evergreen, CO for Olivia Zenger! Congrats Olivia!!!
my own music lol
Aye quezz whoa yo hoes wilding today shavasia want the dick she just mad she got a loss pussy!
looks so good
#Redsox face #WhiteSox pitcher, Humber, who threw a perfect game. Good thing he used up all his perfection last Saturday.
Had a great time last night with the team at cafe 787 ...shoutouts to
Im really not sure if my headache will ever go away :(
Pizza for lunch!!!
Impressed with the #Marlins so far this season!!! Just kidding.
Phillis S. Morgan wrote Marc Simmons of New Mexico. Great story of how life was in the late 1800's and early 1900's.
are we having two 2 in today game? No 8?
3 mvps for but no ring. He like Charles barkley now..
Your Golden Eagles take on Rutgers tonight at the Bradley Center!
well hello
Vince Young is a free agent. just sayin.
Just curious? Does cactus pear make for a good organic textile dye?
Hi there! I'd be happy to chat with you sometime, maybe a phone or video chat date? Let me know what times work best for you.
“: I was alive when 'The Boxer' and 'The Weight' were brand new, and they changed my life forever. I'm so grateful for that.”yep
omg it had been awhile for me too! so good! :)
Good luck tonight, go bulls!!!
i just hate nelson cruz. and it's 3-0 oakland in the top of the 3rd
LMAO if you only knew, okay good luck with that!
haha... But this O'Brien has 2 years of eligibility.
Settling in to my corner spot at the Wildomar Ciry Council meeting. Laptop balanced on a chair. Why don't they have a press table...?
RT : Jon Jones vs Rashad Evans tonight! Finally! I've been waiting for this for a long time!
any idea on what that is in Furcals back pocket?
I hope that's not the name you're suggestion.
GDub has a crash on the NB side at the ramp to the INNER. Watch for a slow down...
somewhat surprising verdict-I had thought that the ECHR might follow logic of the Abu Qatada holding. guess the US gets a pass.
Yay, you came out of the Twitter protection program! Email me an update sometime! Have you guys found a temp replacement yet?
Wished on 11:11 for the first time in a long time.
Whoa! What happen to Magdayao? I'm not sad at all. I'm just curious.
My parents constantly trying to control my life<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
If it was secret, how did you know about it? Were you part of said secret cmte?
I'm in Tucson!!
SOME STUPID THING ABOUT BREASTFEEDING ON THE COVER OF 'TIME' MAGAZINE!
Why are you so fucking annoying? You have to know that you act like a little mother fucker don't you? Oh well... fuck it.
is it offensive if I say jolly good in response to that? Haha. At least the break was nice right?
He so cute! Bet he is giving you some good snuggles!
Titanic = Best Movie Ever<3
lol. Me either !
I Hate It When People Don't Text English In Twitter N You Can't Undersrand Wat Dey Sayin #ugh <3RocRoyal<3
Man, what a game lastnight
Will you please follow me??(:
Great day at Midwest Gyspy Swing Fest. Looking forward to a jammin last set of the festival with Been a great couple days!
“: U got it RT PLEASE come to San Diego on tour” yes that would be awesome I'd love to see you again
when u comming back to alsip, il?u used to stop by, havent seen u around in a min, come visit
So that it gives YOU an excuse to come visit us :)
I hope so gotten into soccer the past couple years and would like to see MLS catch on and become more competitive
SO not a celeb. And you missed an M there. ;)
I love lattes but am sad with my skinny peppermint choice today :(
I don't want to admit defeat, but my limits are right in front of my face.
According to polls, besides jobs Marylanders care most about health when it comes to offshore wind.
yeah, I remember that project. I thought of that too!
I love balconies
I'm see wasup with the acid or shrooms tonite..I'm getting fucked up
We'll find out!
Our President & First Family are Living In Their DIVINE Purpose To Positively IMPACT THE WORLD 4 Positive CHANGE 4 The People! I Thank
ha! true. I have to go to suburban Minnesota for work sometimes, being w/o a car there blooowwssss.
Good Luck Calvin Pickard!! Can't wait to see you as a Colorado Av!!
You make me laugh Bro. BTW you are on the skins tonight , so bring your A game. : )
awe thanks boo! *blushes*
Transformers: Dark of the Moon wins the weekend with Horrible Bosses landing in second place and Zookeeper in third. Thumbs up or down?
Hiya twitter
Is Madonna getting lazy?
NBA: U r killing the goose that laid the golden eggs. Fans r losing interest. Ur greed's killing jobs & biz's. Buzz should be about HOOPS.
Ducks need pep talk. Crowd needs one, too. Autzen hasn't been this dead since, well, forever. Not the fans fault, but the energy's down.
Katt williams hair is longer than 95% of all black girls real hair ... Lol
Listening to : Fighting The Odds, thank goodness for the Diplomas Now program and its volunteers
Again w/ AC/DC in what should be a serene woman's locker room. U.S. - your music sucks. The girls locker room hates you.
Sign up at the studio for the Fitness Challenge Nutrition Seminar Thursday Feb 16th at 6pm!!!!
bout ta gone wash my hair ....
yeah... It's like your mind explodes then comes out your ass later when you eat that shit.
thank you for the words that inspire
how can i work with you? A foot soldier getting business to speak with you to promote more mobile sites?
This day needs to hurry up 🏃
And then... You just... FORGET WHAT IT WAS AND WHAT IT EVEN HAD TO DO WITH????!??
that's why i come first, like my cell phone
#Didyouknow there is no sound in space
So apparently they show this thing called the"Super Bowl" every year at the same time as the Puppy Bowl. Too funny.
I'm worried if mine *doesn't* make funny noises.
Just woke up. Ah
if it becomes a thing I'm gonna just follow schefter on twitter next year
if ur gonna be a Twit, u have to tweet. BTW thanks for the shirt & sweater
Drank some port in the dining room while listening to Tindersticks last night, in an effort to enjoy being old.
I'm sorry I went to bed right after the 13-0 Heat run now
Why is the rum always gone
Thank you, Gaby! I'm pretty giddy. :)
": #Gemini are very curious people. They want to know whats under those clothes!"
can you please follow me(:
Pumpin' gas in my PJ's and slippers.
"Reading Ellen's hilarious new book. Thirsty for tequila."
Just stopped short of tweeting about a scientific inaccuracy in The Big Bang Theory. Because I care about all of you.
You'll never catch up to
I JUST TOOK A 500 QUESTION SURVEY ON MYSPACE. it took me 49 minutes
- thanks for following #lifevineworks!
thank you :( love you too
The radio is worthless
Time to conclude my Dirty Harry Mother's Day weekend marathon with SUDDEN IMPACT. And plot my revenge on
Monday morning. For many freelancers like me it's time to return to paying jobs.Allow me to do what I love in my spare time.
well that's what I am going for of course! I guess I'll see you in the studio soon!
What could be better than MeanMugMusic! Am I right?
Diaconate weekend at for me. & I are both traveling, so lots of catching up to do on Sunday.
UGH RUINED MY FUCKING NIGHT! !!!
#TeamVinnyV I've never met you or talked to you, but stay strong. <3 Cancer sucks & we all know you can pull through this.
gotta go :( talk to you tomorrow<3
I only have one #FF today and it's to my amazing friend that I love. She's always there for me and I really appreciate it.<3
I do do you
Exterminate! Too much information. Exterminate!
Sounds like a plan!!
round is not sexy, but it is a shape
thanks! I have a feeling I'm going to enjoy it
whatever Guy you're dating. And its late now so just take hot photos of u in the dress and send them to me
Omg I love how I eat alot of food. But I don't get fat!!!!
Thanks for the #truth ---> RT Thanks for the RT -
i am deffinitely nor functioning today...at all
Alright, up, getting stuff done...clearing my mind and spirit, etc. etc...
hell yeah!!! #WeAreMagic!!!
You're a freak babe ;)
lol i swear it is. I like it loads tho. Its a pity it dnt lyk me:-(
Ugh watching these movies for class before my exam >.<
Right, but this assumes they can distinguish the $100 and $25 people.
Ya it's a needed change, because the same thing happens to me. I'll still miss the convenient placement of the old switch though
he is!
Welcome back!
#Alliwant is what I want. ?
not sure if you remember me, met at LBC show a long time ago.. did you hear about Joe? I can't believe it.
well now u do lol
been following u for months, noticed on your LinkedIn that you focus on space planning. Do you have a need for an architect?
Thanks dudes!
Thank you for the shoutout! Honor to be mentioned with those great #Togs!
A much needed goodnight sleep begins now
Pavlov's Dog
I am very happy :-)
Was NOT impressed w/ Air & Space Mus; had lunch & now @ the Natural Hist Mus
I'm liking what Stone and Hamilton are doing for the #Nuggets!
Awkward moment when people you dont know stare at you while your eating.
Can't wait to see on ABDC! Love you lots!
Thanks so much for sharing!
if he following him u just crushed him lol
I wish I still had a camera that required me to develop the film... I miss my 110... (advancing film noise)
A really good story comes along, and my jaw is wired shut. WHY GOD, WHY!
My favorite part of Elmo is when he says "Let's ask a baby!"
Happy Birthday pooh!
he'll get some votes but I think the independents & swing states are on to him...he's all talk.
Wale says Folarin in every song. I wish I had a cool last name like that.
Always great to hear! You have a part in our friendliness as well :)
"Age is just a number" - yeah well ..Jail is just a room.
Save Cory Booker from a burning building?
DOOOOD I HAVE 4 PHONES. CALL WHEN YOU HEAR BTR PLAYING
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
Oh no! I'm so paranoid now that I chase wasps away from the outside of the house all summer long every year. Never again.
To think I'm complaining at $59 to fill my tank. When I arrived here 6 years ago it took just $29 to fill!!
MSG me the Hannah
The Lincoln Memorial is simply gorgeous. Visiting it made my trip!
So sad to hear of loss of Adam Yauch, MCA. You were so inspiring. Condolences to his family and friends.
you know I would buy that track :)) !!
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
No boobs this week so yeah, "meh" ;-)
RT : Of women w/ at least $3million in investable assets, only 38.8% had married into or inherited their money....
Happy Easter everyone!
Man, that paper I laid down looks legit.
For us? Yes on local level, though we're entertainment not news. I admit, city shootings are like background noise. Too many...
I'm pretty fired up to follow your upcoming shenanigans... good to see you last week. OH WAIT...
im not hating ... i didnt say that i didnt like your dancing lol... im just stating the facts lol
i'll come get you :)
well not really
No Fear All Faith
Now that the sun's down, I can focus on work again.
What bad decisions? --Glynn
Hahaha. Right on. Thanks!!
In a few minutes on ABC5 News: Rescuers searching for a missing 18 yr. old in the DSM RIver and the latest on Ashley Okland's homicide.
HUUGE break for the Patriots, it's not often you miss a FG that close
Filco Majestouch-2, Tactile Action, Metallic Pink USA Keyboard ...
Chris Young looks like a totally different hitter from 2nd half of 2011. Carrying #D-backs offense so far.
Rooting for Miami!
already downloaded NYCWAY app. It's pretty awesome.
we are currently smog checking vehicles at the moment give us a call so we can set up an appointment for you :)
It's a beautiful day out there, but my hangover won't let me leave the couch
Last night in Orlando =\
Forge follow Friday. Monday is where it's at. Thanks everyone!
aren't you now a tourist though?
75% of NY Yankees fans who aren't from NY only like them because they think it's rebellious.
Been sitting at the car dealership for like a million hours...hopefully I will be driving home in a Hundai
So many people just take take take... might be time to give!
to be or not to be..
welcome to the bay. lets get it.
YES! will you join us? We are going to find a way to raise money for our favorite organizations as a motivator!
Happy Friday to all!! What exciting things do you have coming up this weekend?
This is the worst taco bell ever
Damn.. The truth hurts but I'm a big girl
Anybody play their Feel You're Different vinyl yet? How does it sound? Post some pics of the handsome vinyl you got!
Peace Education & Conflict resolution practices shld be integral part of US Education, Int'l Peacebuilding. R Youth r the futre
follow back ? (:
thanks for the great food at ink. last night and for taking time to take a picture with us!
bout to get some white castle and a king can of budweiser.
So glad you're enjoying #WhyWorkSucks! Keep nodding along :) Sequel coming out in Jan 2013...
Thanks for the follow, fellow yoga-lover!
its dope man
lol-i saw that!!!
There's always that one person that will always have your heart
his campaign colors-red, gold, blue, gold...bling!
Nothing like being at #USC before graduation. The campus is buzzing with excitement, hope, and possibilities!
Avengers was dope.
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
are you serious?
Hello New Followers: Have a great weekend!
Ah, yes... and the quote does not state HOW leaders do that or WHAT they want others to do so it could cover your definition too?
It must be quite a few people have the same problem! I deactivated twitter mobile, then reactivated it, but that..
....Those who use excuses are incompetent and masters of NOTHING...
i wish! Buy me the plane and we're on our way
Ticket party at Water St Tonight! Got tickets? U should b drinkin' $3 Absolut mixers and $2 Miller Family products Get Lei'd, at Louie!
these guys sweat it out quickly in the desert heat - so no telling!
preparing for daa worse but PRAYING for da best!!!!
YOU WON! :P
i shouldn't have done that
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS!!!
yeah, well, me either.
i need to be honest every day i go on to my twitter nd see if is still following me. im a weird because if that??
physically closed the doors on you? shit, did you do anything??
banishing two spaces after the period from all my documents.
Studying for AP tests > homework these next 2 weeks.
Bones jones :)
oh my god this guy -_-
In a world where technology is causing some of us to forget how to act human, become the politest person you know.
what are you doing tonight? i have a new apartment!
Position open for #inhouse #lending #attorney with 7yrs legal experience; with bank in #NY. for more info!
#fridayreads The Marriage Plot (at last).
Training class for work this week...so the next review for will hit on Friday. Get ready!
Some guy on youtube said Carter I, II, and I sucked but IV was the shit.....
That's what the Suns said! RT : Shaq, I'm begging you... please add value!!!!
Happy Veteran's Day! Veterans' get free admission to the Hammer Museum - not only today, but everyday. Thanks for all that you have done.
Haha way to go! Don't forget you can register online for the Q4 promotion to earn a free night after you stay four times :)
Q3 #ITChat What one thing do you wish for when you think of cloud computing? via
So happy you came to visit me yesterday! Enjoyed ur company & I can't wait for Friday!!! Love Ya
I wish the subway sandwich company ran the mta cause the train compartments would smell a lot better
last full day! ....then exams -___-
Thanks for following!
As long as Yo MAMA love yu Never love another woman!!!!!
I think it's something like "western harmonium" vs. "eastern harmonium." Ones used in India etc. are the portable ones.
it's your birthday homey! Have a good one.
my school counselor told my dad that I have "issues" and that I should seek counseling. I've only talked to him 3 times for class changes
Its the parts that are open source that I would like to see and understand, and how they work with the non opensource
Snow, Rain, and Ice. Oh my! what a beautiful mix. #NOT Gotta work with the weather.
haha! meet me at cwp tonight okay? we go watch together-gether :))
wishing for a U2 and Muse ticket here in Dallas. Birthdays coming up. Come on, husband-o-mine!
Champagne Showers!!!!
well I would hope so!
how and when did we get to be almost 30 instead of almost 20?? i'm pretty sure i left for college aug 18 too. it was a saturday.
Oh. Stop it. You spam does not interest me.
I'd like to thank not only god but jesus for Justin's new photoshoot.
RECIPE: Custard Apple &amp; Passionfruit Cheesecake
You guys NEED to come to Jackson!!<3me and my friend would die,that would be the best day ever!<3
I keep writing and writing and writing...
I like coiled cables in theory and sometimes in practice, but the last several ones I've had shit the bed prematurely.
To all of our U.S. followers, a #happy4thofjuly !
Just watched the Expendables 2 trailer but why do I feel like I just saw the whole movie though 8/
thanks for following! :)
Thanks for following follow back!!!!!!!
"We mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor." -- May we do the same today.
he had to follow you in the sense of people who we talked to. You first and then Brian second.
Most of these twits follow me, so I now follow you.
Thanks for the support! RT #CONGRATULATIONS & GODBLESS ON YOUR ACHIEVEMENT.
everyone has 2 fingers and 10 hands..... < you see what i did there? huh? ;)
Preparing for salon meeting tomorrow. Motivation. Determination. Focus kids big things are in our reach!!!
I’m surprised "Man on a Ledge" was actually good! Quite suspenseful. It has its flaws, but was very entertaining… kept me interested.
Decided I need a Marris for my Mantle
Ok my dentist cut her hand and is in the ER, canceled my appointment again....oh well didn't want to go anyways, hope she is alright.
Attention Librarians: west of the Anaheim convention center there is a street named West Dewey Drive. Perfect photo op!
Perhaps CHNM should fund a prize for an automated essay writer!
SMASH. is a Smash.
“: my stomach hurts now :(” I know it wasn't from laughing!
Thanks for including us! :)
"Brands everywhere are just doing social, not being social." I think a light just went off. Thanks (via )
Why, do you need a fire put out? Lol
I knew this weekend would fly by. I don't want to go to school tomorrow :'(
Its hot an they on dis bus ah
Social media helps eliminate different people performing the same tasks, resulting in a more efficient society
ok get it for me too lol
The semester's over. Onto the next one.
InfraRED vs. Baylor, so...neither!
he back !
Stinky Saturday!
how could you be in a good mood if nobody likes you?
New page up, have you followed yet?
¡Sí! Estoy en España. Jerseys are like 65€ soo sorry you're not getting one hehe. I got my eye out for souvenirs, though!
can't decide on a roadtrip genre today- drake, coldplay, dashboard confessional, taylor swift so far... mumford's next.
VERY! But it always is - nature of the biz :)
TODAY is the day! We find out if Owen needs a helmet to fix his cute little deformed head!
Wisconsin fighting championships. division Saturday night 7pm at Harley Davidson on hwy 100. Interested?
When I'm in your arms there's nothin else I'm thinkin about except how much I love you. <3
: Teacher prep programs don't prepare teachers to teach skills like tinkering and iteration
Jk i suck at giving advice!
worth every penny!
Damn bro. Its workin for me. Wtf.
I'm not the one who wants a pengun slave.
Good Night, Gorillaz
Car shopping :-)
they're hiring hotties? Haha. I have to wait for Nimfa to come back to do anything, but I might apply anyways!
I sure hope so!!!!
Doing This Spanish Project
I love 8th grade students - so helpful willing to work hard and always in task - yep
You were EXCEPTIONALLY awesome in tonights Episode. Love the whole cast, but YOU make the show! :)
RT : Support your local economy this weekend. Shop Main Street. Shop Downtown. Shop Small. Shop Independent.
Pit bull in a skirt
On set, day 2 of filming Pioneer/ Pandora Commercial!!!
flying out to see you play against Sacramento in April :)
Nah...I wish tho but this game is crazy
Why is once pet-friendly Loew's removing well-beloved cat colony? Now hostile to cats! Are dogs next?
i dont wanna be a grown up and go to work!!!
Haven't been on this shit in forever! ( :
Now in days its all about good looks over personality.... Smdh like yup you gotta cute face but your persobaluty is b.s therefore your b.s
is so inspirational you should totally follow him :)
hey there, how is our favorite New Media Renaissance man? Plans for NMC2012? Our SL group wants to present. Want to join?
Railroads as metaphor: it was the content (people), not the tracks that made them important
Q6 Good question! I do this subjectively and casually on my Goodreads reviews. Would like to know of a more objective system.
fasho g just dm me if you ever wanna work
Our November Short Courses include Access 2010 Intermediate, Excel 2010 Intermediate, Word 2010 Intermediate, PowerPoint 2010 and more...
Yeah, I put my makeup on in 6th lunch. I'm too lazy to do it in the morning.
No... LOL I wish I were in Miami. In Denver till May 3.
Sounds familiar. : I take it back I swear
I know but whatever. Can you give it to me on Thursday or next week?
about... That dude.
Goodnight... If Lord willing I will see tomorrow!
Second day of class at new MMA school. Jiu jitsu today my favorite!
Digging the #mls 2012 iPad app. Huge improvement over last year's already good product.
Dear Brad Pitt, please cut your hair. Thanks! xoxo
lmao I know man ! I'm here till 8 in the morning.
Just received a huge shipment from Stonewall Kitchen like Bellini mix great w/ Prosecco, New England Cranberry Relish to dollop on turkey.
just had a convo go from Admiral Ackbar to Bacon
Our thoughts are with all those affected. #hrva RT : Birdneck elementary school opening for pets, people displaced by
Accolades. Do you have high-resolution versions of the plan, too? :)
Congratulations! As a former Minnesotan myself you'll learn to love winter! --Wil
What is your game and on what channel ?
Why r ppl so surprised when God answers their prayers? Isn't praying just reminding God of His promises to us...?
"if you're a bird, I'm a bird"
Blazers finally come home and get to face the hottest team in the league, the Bucks...Blazer win? Think it will b tough
Any analysis with Broussard and Berry involved I can't even halfway pay attention.
no - when - today?
yes happy birthday
Showroom looks fabulous. Love all the new styles and amazing ikat prints. Bravo!
thanks for leading the charge on hb1256. Md's children appreciate the support so our teachers know how to
RT : What's on your menu? Well, I met the creator/founder or genius behind last night at the #Google party.
*Sigh* I have to start looking to submit! Once I catch my breath over the summer...
Not a good game last night. It's a long season and the losing streak will eventually end. RCTID!
I want to thank Disney for finally making a black princess, it only took about 70 years hahaha (via )
Saw proofs of redesign today. Very exciting. Hope you like it when you see this Sunday's magazine.
isn't there a new one in iOS 5 tomorrow or are you just joking.
Science has always been apart of #agriculture. #Technology is traditional in
!!!! RT : RT : If I'm Talking To You, & We Aren't Talking On A Daily Basis Ima End Up Losing Interest In You.
Attache, my friend.
I am just going to assume that the #Badgers lost to
congrats on the 10 lbs... How did you do it?
If the Jump out Boys flood your spot, call me. 713-222-7577
Just relaxed my hair,,God knows I needed it
Working on a booth for the flea market this weekend =D
My legs are such an ugly color and shape 😓
Are you ever gonna stop in Denver Colorado?
i wish i could forget about him already, he doesnt even miss me like i miss him :c its killing me inside but outside i have a fake smile on.
PF Chang's is my favvooorrriiiitttteeee!!
Just finished talking to my Australian cousin
3 more minutes till the
Time to catch up on the moonlighting emails:
well, DO YOU?
awesome with santana
That totally makes sense.
Been using a temp phone for the past few days.. different number! Message me for it!
Chinese Food <3333 :D
Sometimes Lies Dont Break A RelationShip, The Truth Does!
