Dinh: "I google stuff myself."
Thank you! ^^
You're like a broken vending machine. Every time I go to bang on u something pops out :P
There is no luck except where there is discipline. - Irish Proverb
2 berets? RT I felt like ferris bueller two days ago cuz I was wearing a beret,cheetah rimmed glasses and a beret!
It's gonna be on and poppin' tonight with at
We can't even handle this hotness
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
We are now incorporated! We can now state that our name is Allerent Consulting Inc.
Also, you'd probably like to request to be of the legal drinking age. DD + Beer = Love
Firing McCrystal is the dumbest thing Gates and Obama could have done yesterday. McCrystal is widely respects by the troops and his peers
very nervous, im shivering o_____o
In da SEL @ club Entourage gettin wasted having a ball! Video shoot about to go down for Nat T... I love this city! They show so much love!
Mitt, you CAN'T single-handedly repeal the Affordable Care Act. But you CAN keep pandering to the low-information voter.
When will they understand to learn you must live :/
every last one of them
"You don't get to old being no fool. There's a whole lot of young wise men that are deader than a MF" Mudbone aka Richard Pryor
Ha! That last tweet got me RT'd by a Juggalo bot. Great.
Lays potato chips now has BLT flavored chips?
I understand wat u feelin' right now I totally agree
Nice. What you going to talk about?? RT : Filling in for Bob Lonsberry on Friday on 11a-2p. Tune in!
Anyone see #Colombiana yet? Curious if its worth seeing in theaters?
At our North Location we are participating in Casady Square's Side Walk Sale!!! Stop by and see what we have going on!!
at least my flats have tread because I don't burnout as quick as you do bud
Ok. Since I broke a promise, I'll have three posts coming your way!
a pool would be nice. You still like to swim? :)
I love getting questions from other youth pastors & leaders who have a true desires to reach their students.. Honored!
You bet! Try an stay active over the Thanksgiving weekend & keep moving :-)
Holy crap, is on Twitter. Burn your Rolodexes!
I'm okay. My day has been a thumbs down so far. I'm just going to be optimistic & say it goes up from here. 😊 How's school?
Casting for Peter Piper Pizza right now. Whoo lots of principals!!!
Haha. Fair enough :)
Thought it was incredibly well written piece with the only exception being the TeamRanking mention which 2 me was very unclear
: Gause's mother or grandmother received a text message from Gause saying she had been home in Lithia Springs most of the night?
Small update on Thor: He will go back to Norway to get treatment there in two weeks @ Ullevål Univeritetsykehus.
it def will, thank you for your prayers.
Nice. Can I trade homes w/ them..?
10:24am. Cravings for sour patch kids and other road trip snacks have begun.
Red Land High School third marking period honor roll
Ducati wipe out at Ward Pkwy and Meyer circle... Fire and medical on way guy looked confused
Splash on your bitch
I was just mentioned in the same #ff tweet as , even though her hair is far better than mine.
RT : Thanks for an idea for my next article! RT : But we MUST train mentors on how to mentor!
A job is about your next paycheck; a career is about next year's paychecks.
none?:( well alright!:/
I waited to wake from this nightmare I realized that three days had past My family was not on the roof We had finally been rescued at last.
When #Chuck Norris throws a boomerang, the boomerang does not return because it is scared to come back.
Gah, I love him soo much ..
Hope the this weather doesn't stick around for St. Patricks Day. I don't want to run 4 miles in this! (But I will!)
That's right! RT you know it!:-D I'll tell him his son-in-law says "Sup Pops!" lol;)
With so many different teeth whitening methods, you can be overwhelmed with choices. What methods have you tried for whiter teeth?
you're never up for conversation so why should I follow you?
there's a very unpracticed tuba band somewhere in my hood playing a violent femmes song right now.
Thanks Hounddog, we miss you!
So mad right now!!!!
Great website and I love your icon as well ;-)
Cubicle-wall neighbor humming & belting out mushed-up lyrics every few mins. Seems to think since she had an MRI, she got a license to CRAZY
just make sure u make your flight on weds! Dick.
God loves us unconditionally no matter what.i love it!:D HE>i
Who else is heading to the #crunchies tomorrow night?
get a chance to talk to me! on skype! my email: my user: pedro.bateta1
That moment where you feel someone stare at your ass.
I miss Charmed
So Excited For Ari's Live Chat <3
Smile, it’s contagious!
Teacher: Why don't you have your home work? You: I'm leading a protest on tree abuse, what did the trees ever do to you?
why chellz look like a R&B star lol
Best of luck in California!
I want biscuits....
And I SHOULD be doing homework...
the bird is just being a bird. stop hatin on the bird
Yup. And winners will be announced from those, too. Business gets taken care of - so feel free to relax ;)
I can't say shit about that bc I'm guilty lol :P
so ready for a new season. Tony Lucca messed up the integrity of season 2
What are your plans for St. Patrick's Day? :)
Thanks man!
": Today I will control what I can control and let nothing sabotage my hustle. Let's go!" Tell it...over and over!
Today I learned the importance of remembering to eat.
writing him in...sweet. I'll do the same.
Good start to the summer for Virginia Elite 15,16 and 17 boys.
WE NEED YOUR HELP to shout out auto-search #travel, itinerary, map, weather, exp reps, drag/drop changes
RT : wow, soul n the hole was a fawking classic my G (True story)
"Didn't you see it on Facebook?" -the new "Must've gotten lost in the mail." Both far less likely than we force ourselves to believe.
On a desert field trip, some Albuquerque seventh-graders found a 900-year-old pot. "It was like a gray pot, with zig-zag stripes," said one.
RT : #overheard "Faulkner on a Kindle just wouldn't be right."
At the most we may only have 1player from last year's team, so they don't have much memory about our performance in that championship game.
Had a great time last night at the Cindy Sherman opening at MoMA. Unequivocally a show not to be missed!
They want more? Well I'll give them more.
Who's going to the walk tomorrow?
after watching your solo on the NYC DVD, I have come to realize that you are a drum god! Thanks for the epic performance! (:
Infamous is bad
Just got to hope we have a good and fast game to night!
look like you slacking lol
Enjoyed a morning at Crane Beach in Ipswich, MA. Still on set for an AT&T commercial for the day! Gotta love it! Life is good!
QT disowned Natural Born Killers b/c of what Stone did to his script. Jackie Brown one of the most underrated films of 90s
Philadelphia looks a lot like Seattle today. Overcast and gray.
Thanks for the tweet!
I was super bummed wasn't at the matinee today, but the girl who went on for her was outstanding.
Will the new Vikes stadium have any chance of getting WrestleMania?
I didn't overeat at TG because I'm not a fan of that food but I went to Pete & Betty's yester and had a dessert orgy u were missd
: Make sure you're all calling whatever radio station you're listening to tonight an let them know you wanna hear #HONESTLY ...
Ya, being behind the camera is fun... It's adrenalin and red bull.
Also big shout out to our manager #PrettyFlyForABigGuy [F.G.C x SG]
#truth (I used to live there, and am a UNC grad....this makes me sick)
Working at Bar Louie Wate St.
Boy: She's hot. Girl: She's a b-tch . Girl: He's hot. Boy: He's gay."
good morning tuesday :-)
Photoshoot today with for Smash Magazine and then one next week for Tatted up magazine! Who's stoked?!?!?
Foster just ripped one
It's depressing laying in bed, staring at the ceiling, fighting sleep, because you aren't here.
DO IT
We had a good time though. Gotta love the Sip
I've been sitting in this recliner ALL day putting ice on my cheeks cause that's all I can do all freakin weekend /:
Just another beautiful spring day here in the big city!
The best feeling is knowing the girl of your dreams is the girl in your arms
yeah man! That's gonna be one bad house. We all def gotta link up over there.
I don't love you, but I need you.
just goes to show that anything's possible in this crazy work we live in ;)
I just really wanna kiss goodnight and wish him sweet dreams.
Happy B"earthday" to - Love you Nephew!
Wanted to go to bed early 2nite but up watching American Horror Story on FX. Crazy show but I like!
Confessions on a Dancefloor🌟
Hahaha....possibly. Actually, Ms. Rossi, I'm interested in employing new marketing strategies to help develop my VO business.
Happy mothers day to all
Hey! Thanks for the follow!
The upside of this morning's funk: my monolog from Titus Andronicus never sounded so good.
Everyone Enjoy your #Weekend :)
nice cupcake picture! My sweet potato one was awesome & it kind of counts as a vegetable, right? Say yes.
or how about when Ivy was dressed to go on & Karen came back all BAM - in your face like as Marilyn?
3/4 of is facebook friends with me. it's your turn
Absolutely. Will you be around the whole show?
Praying for pastors of The NW Believing for greater and deeper things!
Please update us... Multiple people have checked and were unable to identify this siuation.
gotta work man :(
I hate all the shoobie newyorkers at the beach
Good morning people
Walking in the rain c:
I just realized I don't buy groceries any more, just take out. Chick-A-Fil-A, Mongolian Grill, Five Guys...
your my lover for life
Haha, ok, What kind of music do you like?
Naps are the best thing.
I feel sad.
have an outstanding support ticket from February 14th. Have not had a response since March 15th. Case #: 00379552
you're on the east coast?? Where?? I'm in Boston.
How You Been ?
Never trust a girl whose got nothing on
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does
Got a stain on your child's favorite shirt? Tie dye it! The stain will be covered, and it's like having a new shirt.
May the fourth be with you ...
I guess I'm not special anymore.
Great run by Jeremy Lin. Hopefully the absurd, overly analytical coverage will stop and we can just watch the kid play.
3 hours later and the Internet is back up!! I really need some good luck thrown at me!
Doing my research most of these rappers call police and hide behind security while they lead our youth into senseless violence.
Sleep tight. Rest well. Breathe in the energy of the audience. Sing it back. Let it shine through your soul. ENJOY!
I think you are wonderful and so is that.
due to a change in management for DRUGS we're working on rescheduling the interview for a later date. Get ready for this weekend BIG THINGS!
tea and fig rolls for breakfast.. the british kind
u are too funny..I see that u like to take care of ur cute face..lol are u on yahoo?
Shoe Game Gotta B Right!
This is my daily #RonPaul tweet encouraging supporters, decrying bias, spreading truth and promoting #liberty in 140 characters or fewer...
and it's funny, when we finally respond how folks then trot our how civility of discourse and respect is missing in that response
waiting on fray
Hang in there, faith. I'm sure your collab will be brilliant.
that's no help. Ill see what I can come up with. :)
Finished 3 theory projects in a day, mixed down 2 recitals. Ready to take on the next crazy 4 days at school. Finals are a two week event 💦
boo...the pix is crazy hot...what u tryna do 2 kats???...lol
“All journeys have secret destinations of which the traveler is unaware.” –Martin Buber
He banged Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, Rapunzel and Cinderella. So how is Prince Charming any different than any other playa?
Microsoft 4GB Xbox 360 and Kinect sensor for only $99, but you have to sign up for 2-year online service for $15/month
Today in 1941 the Empire of Japan attacked Pearl Harbor
Stick a fork in them
Voldemort has a beer belly 🍺👽
Hey! You can issue your three turds to Issa if you want.
follow back? ;)
Haha sweetheart please try and not let your brain wonder too far its much to small to be out there all by it self.
wasn't directed toward you......
Great game tonight Fabri! Go Spurs Go!!
come out to my bday bash tomorrow nite at noche
Tell Dan it's Hos-a not Hose-a!
Win VIP tickets for Stags v York showdown - Mansfield Chad
dont drive ddrunk or u get vigilante justice
omg lies!
"2011 American Idol...Scotty Mcreery!" How does that sound? G R E A T!!!!!
Venus and Mars
When people tell me that I need to move on <
Thank you again for the Tickle and Boogie Monster books! The kids really loved them - will send you some picks. Cheers
Note to self: Washington State is right over the river. Go more often :)
can you please tell me what's wrong!?!
USCA, 2d Cir. delivers opinion in Penguin Group v. American Buddha case concerning issues of jurisdiction in copyright infringement cases.
We'll have our brand new line of tees for men and women up within the next few weeks! Get excited!
Today is just a BLAH day!
So sorry for errant tweets! Thanks for heads-up!
now that i have successfully scrubbed all the paint/ saw dust from my body i can relax.
and Kathy took me to a church bake sale, and a little not much older than myself had baked and decorated a cake really well, and I wanted
"Rain" was the first song to use a tape played backwards, which created the strange audio effect.
"I gave you things you couldn't even pronounce." How great of a line is that?
Kudos to , a young, award winning craft beer brewer, for paying homage to Don Covington, an early North Park revivalist.
Be Massive!! Official viewing party for #thecrew Saturday at 2:00. Enter to win tickets to an upcoming game! Jameson specials all day.
After all these years of never making it past the Can Can, Alibi, or Il Bistro, taking the fiance to for her B Day!
Bad dreams suck ESP when it waking up alone
#TrampledByTurtles on letterman!
I feel you
lesbians look like Justin beiber
Still filling out apps like crazy...need a second job #ASAP !!!!!!!!!!
And there are few things funnier than a "turn off your cellphone" PSA financed by a phone company.
i wish i was seeing you on tour! oh well. Have fun! :)
So what will the MIN WR corps look like? X Berrian Z Harvin, Harvin moves to Y in 3WR sets w/ Jenkins? Did they sign Aroma?
Through 3 quarters, this might be one of the finest games the #Thunder have put together all season. Definitely impressed!
Images of 1940 US Population Census will be released April, 2012 following a 72 year embargo. Great for historians and genealogists!
I didn't get groped by TSA agents, not going to lie I am a little disappoint. What am I not pretty enough?
typical. is a
these things happen.
Rare is the day I get everything finished that I was hoping to at the start of it
#fuck i guess hashtags can't handle apostrophes.
it's in columns by MT "Hey, isn't Francona writing a book with Shaughnessy? Shouldn't that be mentioned...?"
Flogging Molly >
I know it well... Have 3 of them. Great notebooks with small rule. I really do love to write stuff down :)
Sending love from our family to yours!
HEY, I'm in school till the 31st. Not summer yet!
So Gov Perry takes full credit for the jobs when Texas employment increases, but when it starts to decline it is all the fault of Obama.
Tomorrow is Friday. .. nah really?
When someone screams at u over something stupid and u start laughing, it doesnt help the situation...but it gets funnier
already following, follow back? please.. :)
IRA came in today to see us... this girl is flawless, folks! Now it's NYC, Milano, Russia, back to LA
RT Think out side the box
I got 99 problems and they're all bitches!!!
are you gonna be at the press conference at Radio City tomorrow?
OK, I was wrong. Texas got in.
When writing a Daytona 500 folo back in the day, 'twas always an inspiration.
Have a great day! “Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision”
Hey, Al Gore, it's almost May, and it's snowing. Fuck you
Can't lie. Just saw a dude carrying a case of O'Doul's.
Hey yo you spit words of venom like you strong as a gorilla/Surfboard riding mother
Observation from my first semester of internship: I like cataloging mongraphs!
Our friends at John Tyler have TWO new 3-D printers coming in soon! Road trip to see them in action?
what phone will you get?
I love watching u on chelsea lately shes hilarious and " be there tonight at seven"!hahha
i think i wanna dye my hair back to red !
RT <3 Came to the northeast to house I miss this place /: tehee
yeah goodluck to yall too. Hope to see ya in the championship.
In Louisville, waiting on my beautiful counterpart from , here we come!
Top of the day "Once an for all" sing through inspires a spontaneous pushup contest. I love this cast. It's 15mins into the day.
that's mean.
I hope Christopher Bosh is ok. I don't want any excuses from Heat Groupies
Not from The Onion. RT : PETA whale-slavery lawsuit against SeaWorld dismissed. Judge rules 13th amendment applies only to humans.
Hi Ivan just wanted 2 say Hi nd hows life... Sincerely Miranda <3
bye bye+++6
We did! Who knew Odwalla was owned by Coke? Tell Tia Georgetown says hi! /te
insomnia - you are an evil bitch.
deffff, we could do either..or both. (:
BANDS: Send your Top 10 (or 5) album lists to by today to be included in our next year-end roundup blog!
expand their international networking territory 2 level the global filmmaking playing field
Hey you. Love ya
If it gets hung I'm moving out.
here's my number,716-462-9151, so call me maybe
This morning dove is still chirpin' outside my window. Get with it bird, it's 2:30! Or adapt an afternoon call.
damn you jack! Why do u like all of the teams I hate?! we can't hit the damn ball!!
ahaaahaha i really should be hooked on phonics (x.
hmm now u have a positive comment 😏
question from a long-time fan: why don't you play "Satan Gave Me a Taco" anymore?
Damn your hot TeamBreezy
needs to take a trip far away because these bitches need their space.
Yeah thank goodness! The prevailing sanity here is reassuring ;)
I don't even know how to swim Ima be in the jacuzzi
Abode Connect allows ypu to poll and chat at the same time.
Need an experienced and affordable family law attorney? Call us today! 619.338.9500
Not only do I think the Coyotes' location is bad (in the desert) but they have the least supportive fan base. Give them to a city that cares
Working next door to a LatteLand every day is going to require a "depth charge" line item on the budget spreadsheet.
SayBayBee offers Custom Baby Registries online! We can service your needs right where you are!
Anybody have some Asian dance or musical skills and want to perform at the C'ville Festival of Cultures on May 8th? Email
Warm in sf at 6pm??? Maybe summer is here? Sweet!!
email us details please, and we'll work to sort this out for you
lol where are you so anxious to go
safe journeys!
“: I'll let him know, but I doubt he'll come. He can't get comfortable in the car.” I will fireman carry him
So when do you arrive?
wow. Conor Rhoda has struck out nine in a row for Cretin v Mounds View. Oh, make that ten. Remarkable.
I loved it but I just couldn't stop crying!!
thanks! you rock
still as sexy as when I first heard you flow. damn keep up the good work.
Thanks so much!
and then there was sleep.
Stubbs sucks
At the Greek festival in Hartford CT.
thanks for the follow.
what in Orlando? Aawww I used to come to your city to go to the park y'all got there
Many times reciprocated. I can't wait to see you again! RT : I do love and I can't deny it.
hello world
Don't just keep it all for yourself....INSPIRE!
OMG! You're So Cute(:
Polls close in three minutes and the pizza in the newsroom has been decimated
Glad to share. Good luck! :)
#GovWalker has declared today "State Employee Recognition Day," saying "state employees do great work to serve their fellow citizens."
If your engagement ring comes from walmart, you might want to rethink the marriage
We laid on the roof in the darkness The windows were crashing below I kept praying the water stop rising We had no where else left to go.
a ton of stuff a new iPod, bracelet, CDs, gift cards and yeahh what about you?
Wow we are excellent.
2 goals for this weekend... Goal 1: finish revising Temporary Sanctuary Goal 2: beat Ganon in The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past
im going to get a bunny or a puppy. i want something to love me
has inspired me so much(:
pizza, boobs, and poker always a nice way to end the evening. Company isn't bad either.
we won't fall, because its easy to get!
Developing RIver Pointe iPhone app via iLike. Be on the lookout.
this is something I have been doing already but love your article so wanted to share & get others decluttering their head :)
About to be on Outside the Loop on WLUW 88.7fm to talk about the Zine Fest only eight days away!
"We don't need a world of "A" students. I'm a "C-", myself." Duck Dynasty
Disappointed that I'll be missing 3 tonight due to The Cold That Won't Let Go. :( Y'all have fun!
This is belated but happy 1st San Franiversary!!!! Hope the 2nd year is super duper lovely. You rock! :)
Nice pic and article, Jeff!
Happy to celebrate #BLOOMSDAY with Plays & Players , and
My mouth is watering at the thought of this bbq I'm about to go to :x
RT West Craven girls seniors went from 0-23 as freshmen to 26-0 as seniors. Great coaching by ,,,great job Dave
take a walk around Lake of the Isles when the sun comes out.
guns n' herpes herpes n' roses
Additionally, I think your article is wrong to suggest he shouldn't fight back against SuperPAC attack ads. He has no choice.
Not acceptable. Please DM your address and we'll investigate.
you guys are awesome! Aloha!
is it oil or watercolor, looks like it's oil. I love it!
thanks mama...appreciate it...lol!
I'm so proud of you Lalo......CiCi
Look for cheer-y this rainy day at #cua...Pangborn basement level ENGR prof decorates his office door!
Good morning Tweeps! Who do you know wants to buy or sell a house? Great inventory; now is the time...interest rates on the rise!
me me!
Keep your eyes on the final hour...
Ex Parte Motion to Continue Trial Date in California
i cuddle with u (: cause ime COLD too
If you could give one business tip to a new up and coming small business owner, what would it be? Let us know!
LOL at these little Twitter teenieboppers who try to get mad and go off on Twitter and then they wanna block you.
I won't
Ratchett, you tell yo baby to finish eating her noodles O_o..... Its 8am thats lunch food, malnourished...
Very excited. Interviewing digital media supervisor at Corning Museum of Glass today for course research. Should be interesting convo.
Hey it's BK, Whats your favorite meat on a stick? If you must digress, ok, favorite Fiesta food? Viva Fiesta!
CHECK YA EMAIL BRO SENT IT
Catch me on MadMic radio this Saturday night 6-9PM. I'll be bringing it to the studio and catching up with what's happening for me in 2012!
I'm just glad I ran 5 miles BEFORE the meal.
In 5 min
Was feeling a little twink for a hot minute next to guys like I gained about 5lbs of muscle in 2 weeks. Thanks Patrick!
Viking Football is ready to take on the 2010 season! The first home game is Oct. 2 vs. Idaho State. Students attend for free! goviks.com
Hey curiosity seekers, what are your shopping plans for black Friday? Where would you like to see us? Let us know your thoughts.
I still bump album "The Cool". Straight fire
haha, Yeahh! I use the fast wheel so I end up getting clay everywhere. lol
RT : There's a helicopter above me in west Ft. Lauderdale. Peyton Manning must be in the neighborhood.
What are the best Nike women shoes to get ?
had a good day today with my niggas always good cant wait for the weekend
#FollowFriday to the #DoGood tweeps out there :) Enjoy the weekend!
u dnt let me ;)
Just tweeted from the wrong account for the first time. Oops! *I* wish I could join in the unconference at ALA tomorrow.
RT Don't let people you care about pass you by, because one day they won't be there anymore... TRUE
Rachel C. was awesome!! #icantgetnosatisfaction :)
I would worry about you coming down here---you'd likely get a staph infection. For realz, yo.
Can you answer my question as direct as I asked it. What is the fear of being direct rather than have to be interpreted?
Happy 1st Day of May!!
that gross. It sounds like it would hurt
#centralpark - one of the best places to gather my thoughts, relax and write.
we'll be here! I think tomorrow may be a Jammies day for us so pardon our being dressed down! :)
Halfway to #erl12... I'd forgotten how much I dislike big, busy airports
You can't write something into a contract that isn't legal. Sorry kids, you just can't.
Yes, is always inspiring to read! Read his book Quitter. :)
Thank you, we're looking forward to seeing the game courtesy of Dunkin Donuts!
I do think the iPhone should have the shatterproof shield built in rather than sold separately. If it were up to me. :)
wasn't even sure was a town but I knew it was a university) and it was bugging me so I had my dad look it up and he listed a
That is part of it Rachel! But it's more me not actually thinking I'm friends with them. I'm keeping distant from them.
Not a very timely tweet, but I really enjoyed 's presentation to the #HamiltonCounty chambers of commerce.
I always get nervous when I see there is 1 watcher/fork on my private repos until I remember that it means me.
#Bass needs to take it easy with the shooting. When it's off, it's off.
do you know who starts for Boston Sat?
YOU ARE THE BEST!
The pipes on this kid!
Been puttin in apps everywhere....n still no get back nigga need a job
so 120V & USB & what else?
Whatever, fuck you guys. I'll cry myself to sleep.
Who is going to be doing a #HappyDance when finals are over?
I voted for you!!!
Ha ha ha. it truly was one of the #bestpranksever if only for the sheer amount of manual labor that went into pulling it off
DRIFTING- WITHOUT AIM OR PURPOSE- IS THE FIRST CAUSE OF FAILURE. ~NHill
marquez vs diaz is a good fight
An ass is but an ass, though laden with gold.
Going out!
My colleagues and I are literally playing with hotwheels tracks; and #expowest in just days away. Must be Friday!
Im about to watch The Sitter then im gonna finish reading this good ass book
Off to Cape Girardeau Friday! :)
What's up to the
A Review of the Phoenix, in Seaford
probably a good idea. he's a stand up kinda guy
Wasn't that guaranteed?
So excited for Vegas on Friday. Insomnia.
Smith-Rowsey: really dealing with how smartphones create a frame around activism that elide the imperial capitalist roots of device
The Cookin' Tunes recital was cancelled-- power outage on the West Side, last week! The recital is set for MAY 16th 7pm @ Grandma's!
Umm. Joe's wife causally dropped an "im from England" response to "where are you from?" ps - she moved here at age 8.
Just saw a pic of Miley Cyrus hitting a bong
GUYS ! FOLLOW MY COUSIN . > . Your TL WILL BE BOOMIN . (:
Thank you! As are you! :D
- Hey Lady Gaga -- I completely agree moving forward feels much better than standing still or going backwards -- Yes!!
Good one.. one armed Rondo!
RT : Q1: The more we make things become "crisis" the less we actually understand what a crisis is. It changes our response
Today my friend and I are going to three yarn shops so she can put up flyers for a play she is in called Loose Knit! I'm so excited!
I really need something to do tonight.
I swear my job is like my family.. Everybody is an actor, singer, dancer etc.. Ppl getting roles.. Signing record deals.. It's inspiring..
JON HAMM IS AT CHELSEA CINEMAS. WHAT THE FUCK.
where are you looking big guy?
I hate everything
I'd like to lay on the couch and not move now, please.
i got you
Only God can judge me
that sounds wonderful! Let's make sure to find each other. Safe travels!
Be who you are. Love ur life & smile every day. Never change cause someone wants u to. You r loved beyond all measure exactly the way u are!
Republican Teabagger Rick Santorum s a phony using the same playbook where is the president obama used to describe his grandfather plights
My little sisters FUNNY Whats a Gspot? Its a sensitive spot. What it do? Well its a spot THAT MAKES YOU HAPPY WHEN YOU SAD??!
Early morning facepalm: "Message: Action 'doesRoleNameExist' does not exist and was not trapped in __call()"
40% off all SALE Merchandise!!! Now through the 18th!! We also have our student discount through Jan. as well... stop in to check it out!!
And only $5pp! “: Don't forget our quickie cocktail class THIS FRIDAY! Sign up b4 all the spots r gone!”
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Seahawks are getting a new Quarterback and he's not old and washed up like that Peyton Manning guy. Welcome to Seattle.
Nice! I'm actually driving down, lol RT : Just got the car rental for Tampa.
No tort reform, just hot Air...Nothing new
SHHHH! DAMN MAN! “: I hear actually got assigned to a top secret CIA mission in Kansas City”
Yes, it was stapled to the instruction manual... you got that, right?
Where are some #KidsEatFree places in #gastoncounty?
fctoa this is just the beginning get in now
Sometimes i wish relationships didnt exist, so half of us wouldn't feel like loners #arentweallforeveralone ?
emotional connection is true magic
We're getting old -_-
Its too early to be this irritated..
when the sun sinks down over the the water everything is hotter when the sun goes down
oh man he gets better.
10-1 Awesome. Can't wait for game 5.
Giffords stepping down from Congressional seat, according to Arizona Republic.
Oh my, that wine was rather strong.
I hope you don't miss it
when r u in b'more?
Gouda. A damn fine cheese.
YAY! Congrats to for being voted NJBIZ's #29 Best Places to work in NJ for our employee size! So proud of everyone on the team!
Good evening!! :))
Remembering how nice it is to sit in an empty restaurant with my cocktail, cigarette, and iPod blasting.
idk r u defiantly going
Seriously Thank you for creating Bronzed Beats tanning lotios I just had the best day day of my life in that tanning bed
Many of our #Tarot readers are members of www.tarotprofessionals.com and are able to treat your question in depth and with courtesy. Enjoy!
BTW, your Klisch beer is an amazing pilsner. Miller and Bud are crying.
14,344... that is the total number of songs I have uploaded to Google Music.
relaxing at home
Two El-AL planes carrying 400 Israelis return from Cairo
RIP Adam Yauch. Legend.
[Eph2:10]We are FatherGod's workmanship, created in Christ/Messiah unto good works, which HE has before ordained that we should walk in them
I don't get it
- how you feelin?!
Ironically, vander blue and Wisconsin both would be still playing if he would've chosen Wisconsin
nice one, but I think you're missing some cowbell :)
Thank you! And let us know if we can help you with your accounting and tax questions.
love it xo
In CBS' pre-game analysis, the word "paramount" was used twice in two sentences. It is of paramount importance that they use different words
#ireallywant to find someone who will be worth my time
I was tryna call y'all ": I think that man wrote down the license plates smh"
Without Team unity the Heat suck ass
will the nuggets please turn this warning light off.. its worrying me..
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. ~Theodore Roosevelt
What's your cup size? oh wait.. let me look at your pictures again!
RT: "Apparently everyone has been won for Jesus and our work is done. That must be why no one is at work today." -JerryD
Is that because more time to address the CBA helped reevaluate the worth of draft picks?
Parents wire kids to prove teachers' verbal abuse - Fox News
NO Xplode is changing their formula to a new 2.0 Version. Get the original before it's gone!
it's cold here too. I could come keep you warm though. :)
One more hour.
You have sure been a blessing to us! Love ya much!
Looking forward to speaking at lunch at #TSW2012: "The Fallacy of Failure" - If u want a happy ending, it depends on where u stop the story
I'm not Gunna lie I choked two guys today . They stole my backpack so I had to unleash the wrath beneath me
Sunday Nite dinner with the fam <3 Wing Nite!!!!! :p eat more chicken :)))
Shortcomings of digital tools in scholarship- the move from being a useful book to being just text. Good points from
Dana, Thomas, John and Gustavo have time to talk about tattoos today!!
World tour! Now I'm at Dulles.
Im looking for a uc student or alumni to join (part time) my startup.
Horribly funny. RT : It's mother day.... So, I need to hit up a cemetery and pick up some flowers.....
Thanks guys for the delicious day! RT : Best of Ohio on Ch 411 features local fave Get it while it's hot!
Thanks for the love for they are doing great work!
u stuntin hard don't have me call ur bluff
Stop actin like your friends with everyone I see right threw it, cause me I know everyone and me I'm not acting so people like me
Try that on for size let me tell you something if you mess with then you gotta deal with me ! Call me Ellie !
Big week to start the season for the boys, few more days of practice at , and , first event thursday
HEY FIELDER GOT A HIT!!!!!
My parents are the most annoying people my god
God Mooornign :D
Q and A with the QB, Leader of the Pack Show, Rodgers World, ???
Music to my ears. #GoPack RT There are roughly 90 days before preseason games begin.
JAILED DURING JV'S NO HITTER ... A GAME FROM FOUR YEARS AGO... AH
New bike stuff: riding shoes, headlight and orange triangle for my backpack!
#fridayreads Remarkable Creatures by Chevalier - what a beautifully written book and I love the fossils!
Represent aninini *does whistle sound*
smh that killed me man.. The NBA wouldve looked a lot better giving it to KD ..
New Candidate Search: looking for a Senior Accounting Leader/Government Accounting in Cincinnati, Ohio.
You mavs fans "no matter what" must be annoyed right now?
Come On spring!!!! You"re so close.... the head is crowning push!
Great Beauty Tips: 2) Look for High Lights & Under Tones in Face 3) Always Moisturize Your Face before Applying Makeup
hearing sirens every night makes me feel safe and glad I live off Fairview :)
T:SCC?!?!!? Really? GEEK FAIL.
PLEASE put "Find Myself in a Song" (did I get the title right?) on your next album because I think it'd go #1 & I LOVE IT! :)
This Duke vs Lehigh game is making my blood pressure rise.
Stop by International Connections Lounge TODAY between 10am-3pm to check out the Women of the World Photo Essay
Why would potholes vanish when I play piano? I usually don't even run into potholes when I play piano. :^)
No minor may attend a skating rink unless accompanied by a guardian. We didn't make that law. It's been on the books since 1889. [1944]
Just checking!// RT : nono! just the season finale!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Anyone can stop a mans life but no one his death a thousand doors open on to it. - Phoenissae
Shah: Risky drug effects crucial to find when 21% of prescriptions offlabel, 73% of them w little evidence, 100K annual drug-adverse deaths.
Great quote! RT : Everything you want is on the other side of fear-Jack Canfield #quotes #rocktheretweet via
Was your thermos/flask glowing in the dark at #WrestleMania? Can you one of those bad boys instead of a flashlight!
from the safety and comfort of the passenger seat?? ;)
Atta boy #JamarRogers!!! One more week down!
Candy Rain!!!
Your icon is really cute! : - )
Good Morning :)
talks about Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel. Is anyone taking him to #JTS for ziyarah?
So I guess Newt Gingrich just gave up, Hillary Clinton style. Something those who give up have in common: they didn't want it badly enough.
It's a beautiful day to come down to SECCA! Plus, it's your last chance to check out works by Lilly McElroy. Open until 5:00pm. FREE
Ive lost a few incredible women along the way, I had to get in tune with the rhythm of Gentle - Sonny Long
ha ha yes I had that today
Hey I am casting a tv show about power moms, and would love to chat about it but cant find ur email any where
Charlie & Destinee's presentation is hella funny...
Aptly named Mr. Green Jeans, Brannum appeared as the handyman at the Treasure House on Captain Kangaroo from 1955 to 1984.
ants are the effing worst.
How can I know about next level if I can't buy a god damn shirt.
A British man has been arrested in Spain for drunkenly handing out money to strangers at an airport.
I hate it when hot girls in movies die....
COULD BE COULD BE NOT WHO'S TO SAY? IN MY DANNY GLOVER VOICE. LOVE YA STILL REMIXIN!!! THE BEST!!
my laptop dont wanna show #newtwitter!
followed back(:
i have the best co-owner. thank you :)
#sschat Shannon from KY, work at Ed. Coop and love the chat, I take ideas back and share and encourage our folks to utilize chats & Twitter.
I'm doing a day of shame instead of walk of shame and just wearing the same outfit all day
How are you gonna say somethinglike that ? It ain't even our fault they lost? & your taking it out like that , seems like if it's my fault.
The Jets remind me of the Ravens circa 2005. Super Bowl caliber team with no QB. Sanchez looked horrible tonight
no doubt!
does nothing but blame, nothing but sermonize
- I'll be hitting up Toronado this week for #CBC12, as well. Cheers!
I'm at the combination Pizza House and Taco Bell.
It's not about the numbers! Read, enjoy. That's it! :-)
Stupid Twitter. Somehow I lost you from my following list. :-(
damn ... changing games immediately (MLB.tv)
“: My phone always wins at hide and seek.”
#what2chainzwouldsay dead watch .. I kill time .. Feds watchin I still grind .. got mixtape PUSHED BACK .. Lebron James HAIRLINE!
You're right :) RT lol I I have a pretty good idea of who's in charge of this account ;)
Well if you guys are having another beer, then I guess I'll have one too.
thanks man! Appreciate that 100
people who say "thats not what your mom/dad said last night" are lame af. WHY WERE YOU FUCKING MY MOM/DAD LAST NIGHT?! smfh.
been working film and TV the past few months, doing ok.
BUZZ-KILL
Thanks for all your twitter love. xoxo
A person should never be appointed to a managerial position if his vision focuses on people's weaknesses rather than on their strengths.
And no, we don't know where it will lead. We just know there's something much bigger than any of us here. -- Steve Jobs
Work brings me to l'Auberge Resort in Lake Charles. So I bring my wife and have a nice evening planned.
Popcorn Principle: shut down a poll in webinars when the entries begin to slow down.
It mixes law enforcement & politics leading to unenforceable policies that cost more than they're worth. A cost billed to citizens.
you know it sexy
wishes that DC would die, pls don't kill MARC until u have stg better
What are you up to tonight Miss ?
Please follow me <333333
Hey you're in my neck of the woods! Nice to know there's some Northwest folks out there :)
Excited to begin recording on my upcoming CD today!
Me too! lol:)
Doing all my holiday shopping on #CyberMonday, while saving on lunch with i-deal from
Flash needs to die in a fire. People still ask me to build flash sites for them because they're so "eye catching". The answer is no.
Late dinner @ Bollini's in Monterey Park. Super thin crust pizza & amazing pasta, Eastside is picking up speed in the food dept.
good morning. No. I did the dishes and laundry this morning though.
IRB application was approved with exempt status. First step of many for my summer pilot study.
Amen! RT : Just so you know, ONE lie can ruin a thousand truths.
Not today...LOL. Enjoy your Tuesday!!
in class, hatin the reading and the bullshyt of law school, 3 years and it will payoff!
Don't know, just have a great fondness for them.
I saw Lady gaga perform thirty years ago, she went by the name Elton John!
1st time at circle pool w !!
#Dewey's bankruptcy heavyweight Martin Bienenstock says firm memo was only meant for some partners, according to my story online.
I've reached the point in life where I have a Spinal Tap moment and get depressed. Have you?
Our targets: CPA, family/divorce atty, personal asst., photography, promo products, bankruptcy atty, caterer, pro organizer, carpet cleaner
Bout to go in! Lol
Thank you for the summary! We think it's a great example of how to build relevant bridges between a brand and its users...
You continue to have the most adorable kids ever. Hope they (and you) have a wonderful Purim!
A woman is a mystery.
whew I was thinking it too!
at this point it's simply not worth it. Slows user experience and normal copy/CSS elements are already handled.
I'm good at doing everything except what I actually need to do.
Haha thanks you should follow me, More music to come by the way(:
no way!! You live 45 mins from me!!! Cool
2 months and counting til the season opener at lucas oil raceway! Can't wait!
Now on the move again.
I love how every character on Spongebob has their own twitter account... ._.
woman on #millionaire: "i've never even heard of the 'communist manifesto'"
5:30am is too early for me, ("sigh")!!!
When will The People Speak be on TV
paper is done! now only to study for the hardest italian exam and write a ton of tweets. blahh.
I agree. Please Checkout pureobliteration.com and post your views.
fuck , they need to carry
If Pres. Obama really wants to restrict religious freedom, I could do with postponing Easter a few weeks.
I don't trust a women that changes the color of her hair often. Who you hiding from?
Fight the good fight, Micah! I have every confidence it's a case you will make compellingly, persistently, and well.
En route to California for USITT!
HR hit 181 and "Harder to Breathe" came on the radio. It's like it knows me :)
i heard you was in miami
Tues, I'll be at the #CelebrateSTF Summer Tweetup supporting & #girlseducation. Excited to try out the yummy food!
You're welcome! It's a #youthled effort w/global consequences.
sometimes Elvis is in our dance party rotation = mother son dancing
Cold pizza and chocolate milk...
Sometimes you don't see the hundreds of people who accept you for who you are. All you notice is the one person who doesn't ...
may the good Lord keep me safe this morning, snow and black ice
Did you work with Mike Farah?
ok now i know you are an elvis artest you are maybe on my fb list i have many elvis artests
At home for now. With that full moon tonight, I WILL BE OUT and about.
It's a Mark Summers quote, right?
Getting ready for #SMCSea tonight! See you there?
I dont understand
#SocialMediaTip Be honest to everyone
I like how he weighs out the idea of driving the firetruck… "hm, fire truck you say…? hm… i guess this is acceptable."
#dollhouse finale, a lot of good, a little bit of shaky, mostly wraps things neatly.
In addition to all the things Reagan did NOT have to deal with to reduce unemployment, he also had a still strong mfg base in the U.S.
it's here, but it's march 31st. it's for team, i volunteer with them.
Lost my Poker Tournament of Champions last night due to the worst stomach pain ever I had to really just quit the game, just sucks.
I may be an atypical iPhone user, but I rarely want 'hell' corrected to 'he'll.' I curse more often than I use ugly abbreviations.
It's $5.99 sale time at Great Clips.
yeah hopefully I won't have to go
thats cause you wont stop
Who was it who said, Blessed is the man who has found his work? Whoever it was he had the right idea in his mind
When we make eye contact and i look into those beautful eyes… and i see you smile, i know that there has to be something there
Absolutely love what is doing for music. inspiring from an artist perspective AND a software design perspective.
Yea thats me.
"The sharper you are at noticing other people's failings, the more apt you will be to overlook your own." ~ St. Ignatius Loyola
Omg ladies are fight over a freakin,panty at V.S. Lmfao too funny
we were at Scrapplefest in #Philly. I liked Leidy's, Habersette is a PA favorite, people like Rapa as well - all in stores.
I was happy to see that you were performing in Boston. Disheartened when I saw there were no more good tickets available.
Enjoy debating #TeamIvy and #TeamKaren with
How does one find studying rocks entertaining? Please explain
with the best self intro ever: "I am a material culturist and I work with the stuff of everyday life."
Definitely "cookout". The word "picnic" has such an ugly origin.
so the real reason you've been quiet comes out. =( j/k
Not hitting the beach for break? Check out "Alamar," with its beautiful beach scenery- the 2nd best thing to being there!
Koh describing types of transnational conflicts of laws: what happens when 2 countries seek to regulate same conduct
Welcome to Austin!
it's ok the key acquisition of will make up for it.
A non-ideological based article? No. Economics not about equality or inequality or "mal-distriubtion" of income. UR a fraud.
« aha thank yu»
Sometimes while driving I confuse my gas gauge with my phone battery level. Not sure which is more important.
Next weeks EMT!!
A reality show? And u need to change ur twitter name. None of ur names are Natalie. U don't even have a middle name.
We're looking for a salesperson for the Ad Network. DM me if you're interested or have a lead, and please RT. Thanks.
I am entering to win an iPhone Backup Batteries from casebargain.com via
My buddy gave up drinking,he hasnt told anyone bc he loves getting away w sleeping w fat chicks...
Really surprised by this years oscar nominations for best picture :-/
The Water Fountain baby!
Thanks for the tipon Aix Weather. I'll check it out.
#ENJOY MY PAGE with alot of great tips on it for eating healthier while enjoying life.
#RIPMrsBieber :( <333 U WILL ALWAYS BE IN OUR HEART <33
I feel bad I lied to Terry, I can't believe the guys called me that and I'm mad my perfect day turned into this
But if you look at the "new school" of Porter, Scott, Spalding and Glasper, they really are outliers
Just poped these sea sick meds...tell me why all i can think about is Samuel L Jackson off Deep Blue Sea!...lol..L's Up!
I was on the courts yesterday & I was playing w/ sum guy who looks just like u. FYI, you have a twin here in Miami. Go Pack Go
welcome to twitter
Can it be the weekend already!!!?
Got mine sorry you didn't get yours
's birthday gift would come the day after I see her. Off to the post office!
Totally agree, except screenwriter RT : First thoughts on #politicogc: everyone is so much taller than they appear on TV.
The power of Happy Hour 4pm- 7pm. Vodkas infused, Gypsy performances and you with us makes for a great time! 👍👉🍸🍴🍻🍛🍰
Microsoft products aren't about providing quality and usability. They're about generating profit, and pleasing shareholders.
I'm almost to ratio, which validates something shitty in me.
Cuz i've been thinking bout forever ~
Bittersweet result for you today? Forza America haha!
This can't be life sore and tired as fuck don't want to do shit today because this booty job be working the shit outta me
We have some great new plates on our menu! One yummy plate; is our Duck Confit with Medjool Dates and Gorganzola!
Getting boo'd in out own house, man I hate Chicago games, they're like away games!
Successful businesses continually re-invent themselves. Computers to music to phones: Apple is excellent example. Now look at ur business.
hey there..turns out i am following you already..i dont use twitter much. good to see you again. hope acting is progressing
I feel so dumb always getting my hopes up for something that never happens
Read Pieces of Me(Imagination and Contemplation) Book 2 --see it on Amazon.com and at www.lewhagood.com YOU'LL LOVE IT!!
Bell argues essentially, yes it is. Gets us back to Douglass--power concedes nothing without struggle
Men's Ice Hockey: Merrimack 2, Maine 1 (Final) Men's Ice Hockey Drops Season-Opener Against Merrimack
Enjoying the morning coffee...trying to anyway
just ate two kiwis and now my tongue stings... >.<
Good looking out, LT. The NCAA Tournament has been filled with a lot of tight mlax games the last couple of years.
and I are FUCKING AWESOME.
Our Zuzi Dance Workshop is happening today from 3:00-4:00! Learn about yoga, hip hop, creative movement, dance improv and more!
On my way to gradventure with <3
Super Bowl? More like super lame.
Thanks to for the great suggestions for my audition today! It's great to have you as a coach!
Omfg .-. I hate being in the darn hospitals ! Their boring D;
Morning Rockstars! > It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. - Theodore Roosevelt
DIY puts designer style within reach - Fort Worth Star Telegram
Nice to see Real Sociedad fans giving Vela some love <3
Get Kenny the fuck outta here. Just let em dunk!
for fuck's sake. RT : NBC News: All clear World Financial Center. Officials have determined suspicious pkg is novelty grenade
likewise love bug! we shall being seeing you and your hot dance moves again this weekend xox get readddyyy
I do stupid things sometimes
I believe s beard could have single handedly won that competition.
Judging by his physique, I'd guess Popeye's a pretty accomplished masturbator
here's a little story I got to tell about three bad brothers you know so well...Seems like yesterday..
Happy Valentines Day to all of our friends!
Ooh And He's Going To KI Wth Me Friday ( :
I think it's only fair to throw monopoly money at strippers with fake tits
YES. Tear down this system and build a better one from scratch!
Taking care of kids after they come back from vacation is a nightmare
A path with no footsteps can only be entered by trend setters.
My tweets help me remember my writing thoughts. They don't always have life meaning behind them. Just sayin
My life is more difficult than earlier... ♥ Xoxo ;**
help yourself ;)
My 60+ year old boss just out partied me
lol ritee I be keepin the good songs on reply sometimes
What's with the recent flood of burger joints in San Diego? I default to what I know: veggie & short rib. M.
no it wont, it will look triumhphant and er ... proud!! ... no majestic, yes majestic .. that the winner! (weiner really)
going back to that great resto and me treating next time. xo
When i die...Prepare all of you to be haunted,..... very badly....LOL I HATE YOU AL
#amreading Scarlett Thomas's Our Tragic Universe about an underpaid genre writer struggling to #write a "proper" literary novel.
I'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
not sure if I will make it to work. I keep sweating through all my clothes.
HOLY MOTHER OF PANCAKES!!!!!! <3 I NEED #SaySomething ON MY IPOD! NOW!
. solves all my diction troubles. Today, outsize vs. outsized. Thanks Janice!
Let's be friends on battle net <3
and a big red nose
Week 2 of #insanity done! Amped for week 3 already seeing results and feeling great!
Way to take a step backward North Carolina
smodcast, action cast, podcrash, ign assemble, the mighty marvel podcast, the comic book podcast, Gotham knights online :-)
ok c drew
Evaluating a green tea called Sparrow's Tongue (雀舌). Does anyone have experience with this type of tea?
Wow.. Fire at Grand Central Terminal. Trains will not go there. Last stop as said by the conductor.. Mt. Vernon.
Anchorman II and peyton manning at quarterback what a great life!
Cars Memory Game
Fahhhhhhkkkkk Im Drunk!!!!!!!
I'm not addicted to twitter. I only tweet when I have time: lunch time, break time, off time, this time, that time, any time, all the time
I have to assume that; not having rules to follow, makes running an MLS team a breeze.
needs to answer his phone!!
that used to be my area code!
Raymond, can anyone show up to see the Ruma preso?
-- Haha! Damn my random moments.
St. Patrick's Day Pub Crawl! Call now to reserve a $20 seat for safe transporation between OKC's favorite places to celebrate! 447.2446
#chsocm ...but our logo has a pic of our building....
Farfan: now we have ownership over how we want to portray ourselves and show the complexities in our lives
lmao you wouldnt hurt your BABY cousin
I feel like I'm missing something.
Unfortunately, most music today has the equiv of a levels adjustment w/ the shadows and hilights sliders shoved to the center
twitter acting up ill follow u when I can
Only place I could stand to live in Texas.
“: folow me plz” Alright, I'm following you now! :)
Party time !
Darren named the team mang
Don't you hate it when ignorant people try to involve you in their tomfuckery? Tsk tsk bitches
you should check with a pharmacist and make sure there aren't any unexpected side effects with that combo
Your a lucky man Remyy!
You weren't "stuntin" because it was about you
Celebrating NYE with my wife and new daughter Sydney Madelyn! Happy New Year!
Homework is overrated.
Good morning #koaladancebots! I'm so upset! Uhh I miss talking to y'all :(
Ha! Not up to me unfortunately. A decision far above my pay grade.
CA State Supt. of Public Instruction Tom Torlakson to give keynote at school-based health centers conference in Sacramento on March 13.
Just saw the guy in the car next to me pick his nose... #Mylifeiscomplete :)
I'm at the #C21GC Social #tweetup at Le Booze Bar in
Want to announce your museum's upcoming events & post pics from past events? Tweet to #MuseumEvents!
Home; sick
good luck in AZ! Try not to bug each other too much with race prep. I'll be rooting for yas.
hope you are having a good night! ;)
When people ask me what position I play in softball, I never know what to say because I switched so much this year. #missit 💔
Leftover moussaka for lunch today. No Greek crisis here.
dude, you sent me the same message on fb like five times lol are you getting my replies?
Rum / Vodka
#swag lol but i think it's too long
I love athlete boys ?
Oh you didn't know?!? When was the last time you watched the news?? :D Shame shame...
RT : Education in Louisiana can't be an all or nothing compromise when it comes to our kids.
I should have got them early when i had the chance
learn to do it for "the Thrill" ♥
"Charlene" (my ride) looks like a huge globule of pollen.
Surprisingly, as other holiday travelers get increasingly cranky, I find myself increasingly zen. Let's hope this lasts through LAX.
You're guilty of what u just retweeted!
for everyone one person you have that hates your site there are 10 that love it and share with their friends!
How am I expected to handle school on a day like this?
Are you coming to Minneapolis for AASL?
Now time for the season finale of Criminal Minds
So sexy;)
what you tryna sell?
Hey oldd bitch in 16, get off the fucking road
Wow at the airport so early security isn't even open yet...fml I can't wait to sleep
Great! :) How's yours?
Bank of America to cut from elite ranks
Thanks for the mention on your FF
because san diego is the best!
At the gym, the Tv displays on the new precor machines are too big. They obstruct my view when people watching :)
ha no he not !
I'll be at your door. debit card and ID in hand :-)
Grab your camera, go out, and shoot!
Attended my first event yesterday: a Marketing Roundtable. Great group of people sharing ideas and brainstorming solutions. Cool.
bout 2 go play b-ball i will be back #twitnation! LATER!
I'll accept that.
Left is Right | Political meeting ends in fist fight - The Keene Sentinel
Weekend starts now
following back
Looking for a fresh makeup look for spring? Make an appt. with Laura Mercier makeup artist Patrick Johnson at Blush Beauty March 22-24!
agreed...that's my forecast as well.
Who ever thought it would be so complicated to plan for march madness? It was so much easier in college-just buy a keg and order
Finally: the war in Iraq will come to an end by the end of the year. Very happy for our troops and their worried families.
Watchin' Law & Order
happy first day! What will you be doing?
#nw X-men first class. :D
Rep. Mason: "There is an opportunity here to consider some of the priorities in front of us."
Barnes and Nobles said they had Wild Blueberries and Cream Cheesecake, but their signage lies!!!!!!!!!!
you're missing the "I" and "u" lol (:
mats, who wouldn't waive NTC for greater benefit of the team? However Alf did fire that puck at niedermayer...
I'm on vacation in LA and him and Brent were at the bar I was at last night and I was talking to cam for a while but he ran
Thank so much for coming out (and tweeting) today's tour!
DM Hi. I've been developing a business HP would likely have a strong acquisition interest in. Please DM a contact if we should talk.
haha oh bummer! Anytime :-)
GOP: Jobless rate dropped because many have given up looking for work. Question: Will those people vote, and which way are they leaning?
Dats sad.. should of been did dat
Looking for any data, seeing none. RT I've seen no evidence they are effective.
Nope, downloads fine. Just never processes my check-in, or any other input. I know you're not tech support, though. :)
and private business and individuals really OWN the taxable assets. In that sense, I'm a shareholder already.
Can you see the fire from your office? I am stuck in a windowless room.
Beach with Lizzie!! <3
Maybe If Houston hadn't been battling against themselves for the fumble psu wouldn't have scored...
Night before or morning of?
Any cool ideas for packaging bath bombs?
Mixed feelings about #LOST tonight. I want to find out all the answers, but I don't want it to end!
It's a beautiful evening in DC. Can't wait to see and !!!
I cannot believe it's March and we just enjoyed an outdoor party wearing shorts. Thanks and thank you Atlanta!
lol trust me i already know my brotha, i'm the only one up right now though
he's a very affectionate drunk and he loves us. he told us a million times last night between the bagillion hugs we got haha
hey edgar.
It is amazing how much less irritating the world is on a full 8 hours of sleep.
#obama great press conference!
i sound like a 5 year old
what inspired you to do YouTube videos? :)
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Hum I wonder what happens to you if you take a shower and you have blisters on both hands? !*)
Who let the Bobcats wear the Lakers jerseys and come out here tonight?
If its free it's me.
At work for the next 4 days...
yum I'll be expecting a piece tomorrow😍
if kelly doesnt hurry the fuck up I will kill her
god is love
darn tootin'! I only satisfy my olfactories with a tall glass of sasparilla. YEE HAW! Punk-ass bitch.
Yeah but Paul Martin can only take so much, and his trade value is low as it is...
I'll be a team player when I get paid like a pro athlete.
Peter Falk, RIP, we know he will be asking 'one more thing' at the pearly gates. He was one of my favs....
and then I dropped the most important note in my pocket into toilet, pre-flush
It damn sure does... Nothing to feel terrible about...
I can almost hear Monday whispering, "Go fuck yourself."
Im tired and i almost tore my groin
RT : Coaching 101: Always do the right thing.(TRUE DAT!!)
I ate the snow
I love that place! SLU is turning into such a cool area. Lucky for you that you are so close to it.
when I see you play in Chicago, I gotta learn that pick tossing trick!
Sad. They are gonna make me wait until..... December 2nd I think to watch Supernatural. Great. :(
Step out in faith and claim your destiny today.
Are you ready for Lynyrd Skynyrd? Our 2012 Season kicks off this Saturday! We would love for you to join us for an incredible evening!
Getting ready to watch the Oscar-nominated live-action and animated short films. Can't wait!
You are seeing pain as a result God causes. It is us hitting ourselves. Why are you hitting yourself in the face style...
So glad you like it :) I saw it and knew you had to have it!
screamin HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my lil bro .. finally 16 lol love you dude :)
Is it just me,but you can tell a person is old by their name. Are there any young Agnes,Alberta,Martha,Eunice,Annie Mae,Olga,or Bertha lol
Good Morning winter wonderland! Get the kids out of the house and get cupcakes and hot chocolate
Good morning everyone! Or maybe it's afternoon where you're reading this...or night..whatever have a good morning/afternoon/night! :D -izzy
doesnt make me any stronger Maybe more patient lol I love and Im willin to wait Then I get him forever
So baby look to yesterday and maybe youll drink those tears away
FACT: GAO: procedures used by DOE loan guarantee prog “may equal or exceed those used by priv lenders to assess & mitigate project risk.”
My New Mixtape Called #Deeper Than A Mixtape# Is Coming Soon!!!!! "Classic"
what did you think about "the frays" national anthem remix???
TESTIMONY: Tanya Chanel Taylor says: And lot of ya'll probably ignore most of my post cus you're thinking "here goes another post about...
RT : My advice to interns is interview staff about their jobs, if possible; learn what they do & skills they have.
He who laughs last didnt get it.
Young forever by :D
RT : IMF & World Bank are weapons of war..... John Pilger youtube.com/watch?v=WYCH1Y… via
That would probaly be the best, however we can try to troubleshoot over the phone so you don't have to wait
I stubbornly insist on both writing poems and participating in political action.
Enerchia tip of the day: Mix #chia with Worcestershire or #bbq sauce and brush over meats before grilling.
what song?!
So true Finley really getting on my nerves
Max can go and fuck himself, don't even care anymore.
YOU'RE FOULED...PENALTY BOX $20 buckets of Miller Lite & Amstel Light... $4 shots!!!!...B4 & After the game..LOOK FOR BLUE LIGHT!
RT HAS ANYONE TRIED GOOGLE PLUS INSTEAD OF FACEBOOK I THINK ITS NICE
Been saying this about POTUS for years
Yes I'm glad is back girl u beautiful chica...with size & brains/ beauty u are a force to reckon with
President Obama speaking at UMD on Friday
"You cant be ugly and play hard to get. It just doesnt work that way. You're already hard to want." - Peter Griffin
Aahz Party and Playfulswingers.com now sponsoring SwingFest's Naughty Lingerie Party!
they will have to first get "Papa Archie's" approval
I just met you, this is crazzzzyyy
& - Do you have a link to something that can give me more info about why you think Bank Transfer Day is wrong?
In Music Meeting- Anberlin “Impossible” it's an ok pop song, we listened blind so not to pre-judge and still came back pretty bland
Enter to win a #FREEPIZZA! Just text FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal msg rates apply.
Is the US release date for "Fear Institute" still scheduled for December?
The Berquam anti-Mifflin video is no longer available on YouTube
The Avengers comes out today if I don't see it I'll cry.
The only thing I'll stop work for on a Sunday is The Borgias.
In Sydney! It's one of the most beautiful places I've been :)
Just got in from the club, I am so tired lol goodnight twitter
Im just a DM Away ;) <3
My 1st MetroEdge event Had a great time at MetroEdge Even saw there. Great people. Great event
just listen for the Meeeeah I'm the only one that makes that noise in the street
Great job today...Skip can dish it but SURE can't take it!
Having a poor customer support experience with Universal Remote
Some SD Restaurant Week first course lunch highlights!: Curried Pumpkin Red Crab Soup, Vegetarian Spring Rolls w/ Kaffir Lime Plum Sauce.
You're from Texas... You can't say pop #ashamed RT : True life: i'm addicted to McDonald's diet pop
I still take a mini vacation there every morning when I turn on my computer-background image
If bitches out again put it in his pants!!!
PBS American Masters tonight is about Johnny Carson and hosted by !
Best of luck with your talk and panel.
Finally a reason to stay up late! RT: I will be on the show tonight!
You went to the show? :o
Thanks for all the love You guys along with some many others is what makes Htown a great place to be!
So best guess is anchor text. It's the most manipulated signal in the SEO world, so it makes sense.
....at work im beat, gloomy weather has me tired, thnx goodness to coffee cooladas.....
Wondering... which DC Council candidate is most like Donald Trump?
Saw a breaking news tweet that Whitney Houston had coke in her room when she died. Breaking news?! Coulda told you that 3 years ago.
Great article!
We want them to be succesfull but at the same time, we want them to be our little secret
"WHY DO YOU WEAR THAT RUG???"
HiPSTER PiZZA
God loves me even when I don't forward those chain letters.
Posted about '39 Clues!' Hope that that material isn't too "young." LOL!
that was from instagram ?
listening to jennifer talk about morae
Paradise Misplaced
That's why I don't eat lobster or anything like that, because they're alive when you kill it. -Snooki
how much was your ticket today ? ops lol
I cant stand commercials, theres more of them than the damn tv show!!!
nikkaz is settin up for the shizznitt tonight it goes down night three of our fu%%en premiere swagg the fu%% out
A.J.: You did have hair when you went in there, right? Deb: It's still in the sink if you wanna glue it.
Interest Rates Have Dropped! Now is the time to refinance your home mortgage, take advantage of this rate drop. www.newbridgehomeloans.com
I may not be on top of the world...but I always make sure that I'm always hi enuf to look down!¡!
Barrera: A lot of people say to us, Just make all the cuts! Well that's a hell of a thing to do to kids.
I think imma call my bro bcuz he understands
Everyone is super impressed that you know all the words to "We Didn't Start the Fire."
Up now, Bullock.
i'm going to bite you.
YOU know you need a Different Lawyer when .... When the prosecutors see who your lawyer is, they high-five each other.
We are giving the Play Area a fresh coat of paint tomorrow morning and it will be closed until 3:00 p.m. thank you!
“: A great dream must go through the cycle of self doubt which leads you to complete dependency upon God.”
RT : Im not impressed until the Chevy Sonic is a contestant on Wipeout and can make it over all 4 big red balls.
Slept all day and I finally feel a little better!
We upload a copy of every transcript to our online repository - avail 24/7
"A goal without a plan is just a wish." - Larry Elder www.IamINC.biz
...& I CAN GET HIGHER THAN A SPACESHIP....
haha they're good enough (; text me bro
Sometimes there's just nothing new to Tweet about... *sigh*
Great effort tonight. RT Tight finish ! I loved beating the Italians.
Thank you Dear John for making me cry
hm ... 21 Jump Street , Friday ? :D
Wishing we were there
You're on a ROLL today!!
Skeet skeet skeet
TY for the RT. Have a great week ahead.
Kids are the future. Help make your future great with good guidance .
Thanks . Let me get some feedback
Glad you are drawing attention to the transformative work of John Hunter. Looking forward to hearing him at
The crazy part is, I think was changing 's diaper when he sent that tweet:)
Im still in L.A. i love home but i need to get back to houston were the money is!
Well you're fabulous and I love you then haha
elaborate, if you don't mind. You can dm me too
2-2 one more thing i just wanted to tell you that every year at my school we all get unicef boxes and we donate! and get $1,000
I hate getting my eyebrows done.
Today was a pretty good Friday :)
Going to see the biggest inspiration to me in my life in concert # OVOXO
Awesome! -- I just saved 51% at Seventh Heaven Massage Studio through LivingSocial!
Catalina Wine Mixer.
#Rochester Stop in the shelter today and meet our friends available for adoption. Help give them a loving home for the holidays.
not yet, but it is probably closer than Melby.
Have you ever really seen shit *roll* downhill? And if you have, wtf were you doing?!
This snow in October is unbelievable!!!!
You guys look so beautiful! So jealous you've already seen it! #HungerGames xoxo
They are probably the heaviest of them that are still melodic anyway. Very awesome! :)
While this may not be the soaker initially forecast, it still will provide some much needed rain to the state.
RT Inspiring others---Inspires me
A strong core builds strong pelvic muscles, which can positively effect the quality of your orgasms
just made the net erupt w/ the & BM tell-all interview.
Does anyone know how the $16 SSA differs from the $27 version? Is all the same information included? Can't find a sample image online.
Is that warm sun I see out on the Cowpattio? Yes it is! Git on down here for a $7.95 Burger and Bud! Giddy Up!
Off today so I'm up
pretty cool shot
My phone was just randomly playing a violin song or something o.O
drinking all the beer in Portland ... so
What is the Shotover Jet?
Now it's off to Austin with the family. A travel-filled weekend. 3 hours in the car means homework.
#IWantToHave a pet midget and feed him grapes and gerbil feet
Put my back into spasm trying to re-arrange the dining room furniture.
you look like you would be an excellent cork soaker
me and adam really do!
Should I be worried that my kid's preschool misspelled Cheerios and necklace in the same sentence on his daily report?
I love GSD I used to have one :(
I wish I could attend this! It is the same time as the first week of classes at Indiana University, Bloomington though.
thanks for sharing :-)
where do u find ur scores?
- hey buddy, you need to follow me so I can DM you
the professor isn't a Razorback fan I take it? Lol
I like the Brazillian TUF. The attitude seems good and healthy
>> Yo, looks like him...maybe he would add it to his collection. He's got 1% Chinese in him.
ha.. maybe a Dream a Little Dream marathon just played ;)
Final destination: Mayo Clinic.
going to washington dc tomorrow <3333...no school
griffin says you're a fag, but he loves you<3
#asusual i have fallen in love again........ hopfefully it's real love this time........
Casting "Not Eclipse double rainbow spoof" sunday the 11th looking for, Bella, Jane, Allice Cullen, Rosalie, Jasper, Victoria,
Please follow me(; 20
I woke up with butterflies in my stomach...how the hell does that happen?
Blessed is he who speaks a kindness; thrice blessed is he who repeats it. -Arabian proverb
Looking forward to the weekend already. A lot of work to be done before then.
Baby, next time you're gonna try to find a way to make me jealous, pick a girl that doesn't look like she's been hit by a car.
I need a gf in this state damm..
We think so, too! RT : Mexican food is the best in TEXAS!!!
follow it by their 120. You'll feel better about it.
