Did You Like #SaySomethin ?(:
Also I bet you'll find some radical social experimentation in the early puritan colonies.
I know. It is ridiculous! Remember Madalyn Murray O'Hare (hateful atheist who disappeared)? Then her son became Christian
oh yes rumble in the meadowlands
Thanks for visiting ! Come back to see us again!
I want to be the girl who makes your bad days better, and the one that makes you say " my life has changed since I met her ". (:
k hurry your ass up!
#ThingsiLovetoSee Fathers spending Time with their children.
People in session are talking about staff development/training coordinators, but we haven't had a training 'department' for 3 years.
Love me or hate me, I promise it won't make or break me. -Lil Wayne
naa , I don't need to put on a front . Sad thing is you don't know me at all .
I hate allergies 😡
“: Just to be clear, "Whitney" is still airing on NBC. #disappointed” hee hee
Hop on. There's room on the bandwagon. RT : Not an orioles fan grew up Yankees fan cheer for them occasionally since live in md.
Just got a new Dyson vacuum cleaner. Is 12 hours later too soon to vacuum again?
What about me? What about when I'm a total mess?
TVNOW.me (TVNOW_me) thanks for the follow.
that's great! What kind of diet?
Loved hearing 's Brian Payne speak to board retreat. Great enthusiasm for the community.
I'M LIVE NOW JUSTIN.TV/STREETGROOVEMAGAZINE COME TALK WITH ME LIVE
oh Patty #CelebrityApprenticeAu !
Gym time
the bookstore.
LMULive. A really cool project leveraging student content submissions. Images, SMS.
ESPN2 left this game with 2 min left to go to a Rutgers game last night. 2 kicks in the teeth last night for UVA fans.
i do enjoy running but doing core at the end- well it's a lot of grunting and cursing.
My favorite memory of All Star weekend was when Diddy said "Black Power", isnt that the new name of the dunk contest? Hahaha
i feel bad for your sister. she's never going to have mr. coombs as a teacher :(
take on the #Badgers in the #BigTenTourney. Hear it on Jazz 88 right now!
Huh? ": Estimated annual gain in economic productivity if EVERYONE had a toilet: $225B. What are we waiting for?"
And I just walked to the Metro. Good thing I DROVE today. Epic. Fail.
Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah to all of our friends and fans!
#HappyBirthdayMockingJay :) cant wait for catching fire :)
it's not my cup of tea. I watched it, but I won't remember any of it. Caps 3 SOG in the 3rd?! No real highlights
need to update your twitter profile as you are no longer "majoring"
Has anyone seen the commercial where the guy hesitates when asked whether he would save his wife or his miller lite? HA-HA alcoholism.
will that work??
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: bibles that talk in a tribal tongue and an interview with hardcore skate legend Mike Vallely
In line @ ATM, I saw a woman drop a bill out of her car. I approached her & helped her get it. In hindsight, I could've been shot.
call me weird ; but hey , weird is my normal .. <3
I'm behind on reading messages again. Sorry :9
It's time to go live!!
Number one rule when ordering food from a fast food place: DON'T FUCK WITH THE PEOPLE THAT MAKE YOUR FOOD.
i am feeling gaurdedly optomistic about life right now
I secretly wish my high school would break out in song like the East High Wildcats
For sure! You are our hardcore brethren haha
Further proving my point the Texas win the World Series. Yu Darvish, WS MVP.
RT : Thursday is my birthday come see me at... at 10 where I am the feature
Then they would better be able to see what you have to offer to this production to let you compete for $250,000 in $ & prizes.
u might have to come out of retirement..
RT : everything is DOE says is a lie - THAT IS TRUTH!
What's your favorite thing about the #Indy500 ?
nope, we really dont like touring, we make music :D if ya like it, help support us to make more and pass it onto your friends :)
we pray 4 a better day but expects the worst
I'm thinking of having a contest...
Heard from TSA agent: "please remove all electronical devices." Feeling secure in my English.
I need your email so I can send press kit and I A P and mp3. I can only tweet you and not send direct message
My jokes are much funnier when I'm not drunk.
songs happening in Alabama, and in B-ham on Sat! party!
Bummer. I still think there will be some around in July and August as people finally let go of tickets they have been holding..
Gigbyte Cd beats artist needed
Merry Christmas Eve Eve!!!
The freak outs build one on top of the other until you can't tell who started what. :(
waiting for confirmation from WEBN.....
best score was 12.5 out of a possible 25. Blind tastings are tough!
This freakin tsunami is keeping me up. I need to be up in 5 hours
When Life Gives you Lemon, start a master cleanse! ~Honors English xoxoxo
FML... Like what? Have you eaten shit yet?
Studying for exams then concert later then movie night!
To bad it's not night yet...
get at me for more info about your product
I really really want to. Gonna have to think on this one!!
in session until 2 pm. Cld meet up at 2.
haha I know sorry, lol I thought I had her # but I didn't haha & you lucky, not going to school
Congratulation to Bebe Darlin for being promoted to Vice President!
I thought it was a pretty good suggestion
happy national siblings day you too >_< & btw you still never got me anything for my birthday...
It’s not fair for bama to want the rich to pay more taxes. They have given a ton of money to politicians so they would not have to do that.
Love expands. ~ Hugh Prather
Thanks for the follow, 'ister! :)
Tuesday afternoon and no team meeting to organize/attend. Not gonna lie, I'm feeling a little sad already.
Potatoes n cowboys Lego soup! With a hint of unicorn spice... Sure Hit the spot! Yummy n my tum tum tummy!
My quota of alcoholic fruity smoothie drinks seems to be 12. I puked a rainbow
yes a long two weeks
www.boards.sportslogos.net
#welcometoparadise #codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy,&Jackie please?It was a dream come true meeting you(:
When the hell is my mom gonna make some dinner?
thank u, and im gonna guess that ur single 2 huh?
don't knock it until you try it! you might be hungry and hour later though...LOL
3, not 2. Already fixed it. Geez.
#210 Come join me (1604 & Bandera) 4 Friday the 13th LADIES NIGHT Edition! Reverse Happy Hour from 11 to 2am!! 21&UP no cover
“: dave guetta is 44 yrs old” and your point is?
hell yea!!
I'm tired, need to finish editing a paper. Watching Pilobolus for free at the Lied center as a mental break, then back to caffeine all night
Short sales and banks go together like cold weather and molasses
There is nothing better on a cold wintry day than a properly made pot pie. ~Craig Claiborne
Hey ! I need the new LP "Wildlife Pop" for preview! ! I can barely contain myself.
LOL RT : Tim Tebow visited the Statue of Liberty today. Marking the first time he has successfully been inside a woman.
this one? Hope to, just landed in Miami and connecting to the DR.
NYC users - take a photo of the statue of liberty and earn cash.
cant seem 2 wake up this mornin think I need 2 go back 2 bed :)
M idk I wanna bake something . Lol #sweettooth & it was good I liked it we saw the avengers ! (:
Enjoy their tweets and follow: , , , ,,
Can Cliff Lee tell Cody Ross #dontlebronme?
two please!
Also...step up my photo game. Baby niece is in town so I've got a subject. My parents will love 3,000 photos of their granddaughter I'm sure
I'd rather be caught holding up a bank than stealing so much as a two-word phrase from another writer. ~Jack Smith
Great presentation today. Hope you feel better.
lol i had 6 jack in the crack tacos yesterday
I wonder what the guy who created meatspin is doing nowadays
What am I watchin?
We just wrapped up an awesome rehearsal! Madd amped about the shows the shows for this month.
thanks! Now we are having the holy crap we just bought a house moment, but it's all good. :)
btw - finally catching up on Jason is annoying. I'll happily take his place! hahaha
Aye my shit just came on
Thank you for the follow.
#Imagine Jake singing a love song to you, out of tune, as you lay beside him 
#FF (I don't care if it's Monday, that's how cool they are).
I had a really good day and night(:
I know it had black influence 2, but in its pinnacle form.. its white as white gets. Think of those people dancin!
And only if I want to xD
We're just pieces of a broken puzzle.
Green Power Energy is excited to announce that we have been awarded the 9 Main Street 350 kw solar farm project in Annandale, NJ.
Gettin' ready for the Packer game - margaritas, check! Sammy Hagar tuneage, check!
I can't.. I got something I need to deal with..
Thanks. He left on his own peacefully. Mainly I was irritated that I got a masters degree to be treated like that.
Rochester March 23rd we melt your faces alongside and BE THERE.
Thx 4 ur help w/ that! I appreciate it.
#WheresTheBeef MT : Will Paul Ryan, in big speech warning about... deficit, tell us how exactly he would reduce the deficit?
goodnight twitter and facebook
it's going to be a G.O.O.D summer...
Conner on 8th grade field trip to DC. My Q: IAD, BWI or DCA? His A: DCA! (Myboy.) (btw, could get more action in Madison these days).
Thanks E! I've had account since '09, but just made my 1st tweet today--kinda like a child speaking for the first time.
“: Retweet if you think the Emoji people are missing a major opportunity by not releasing scads more emojis”
Hope to see you at the Mixer on Tuesday 11/1! Bring another Woman With Moxie!
Thanks for the #FF! , , , *love* to be stalked, keep spreading the word!
Songs: "Suddenly C3PO," "Fett Me," "Mushnik and Twin-Suns," "Somewhere That Hasn't Been Blown Up Like Alderaan"
Great patio day, our specials are apple-cinn hotcakes, and a grilled chk quesadilla w/ black bean salad
alright. its fine haha it was worth asking :)
Where do you guys want to see us tour?! This is super important! :D We may be there very soon!
i said its on now silly
Thank you!
I do that w/ my custom goals, but IEP direct has a bank to choose from. You can customize them too.
loved the scene too, although it was such a spin of emotions. Awww cute, they're kissing to...holy $%#&, did he really just do that!
Yay, welcome to Twitter!
Agreed, Clipper website is terrible. Changing mailing address from two lines to one (removing apartment numbert) is broken.
RT : Big data isn't about more data, it's about visible connections and the context.
The bigger your super soaker was the more street cred you had on the playground
Caffeinated Quiz time, let's see what you got! Turning down central heating thermostat ? degree, fuel consumption is cut by as much as 10%.
#MotivationsMondays "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." -T. Edison
If ur girl JUST had a baby and she is in better shape then you, ur fuckin up.
Ethnic separation is separation, I was not able to sit with a MX friend in the Spanish section at a conference. Brewer is right to sign ban
Index has dropped slightly this year.
a you i love you jasmine thk your contest you speak speis
Tonite:Ace Augustine, I am History, Oh The Irony,Here Goes Nothing,Of Accordance, Juggernaut, Beyond The Victory and Of Oceans- Doors @ 4:30
“And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.”
followed back,thanks :)
HELLO JESSY AND HOW ARE YOU? DO YOU HAVE FACE BOOK ALSO. I MUST SAY YOU ARE A BEAUTIFUL LADY. HOPE WE CAN BE FRIENDS
Ooh(; wanna show some photos?;) xx
Spirited bkfst chat w/kids abt SOPA. Their generation definitely believes that all content should be free.
It is different for this generation, a shift in decisions on #housing and #schooldebt. #pmc #fixhousing. Janice Eberly
Goodmorning everyone! Exciting news were trying out a new guitarist today hopefully all goes well! Hope everyone has a good day!
in honor of linkedin's ipo, i've semi-updated my profile. to my 5 followers, save me if you haven't already.
Lambrusco no more ): I guess its up to budlight!!
Thank you for what you do, from us & Sometimes caregivers get overlooked & their role is PIVOTAL to patient.
oh hehehe...;) yes I'm sure there are!m m m
How was #friendtime?
you are hosed
...AT LAST!! A safe (HCG Free), effective, and all natural DIET PILL that really works!! I am down 24 pounds in 10 weeks! This is so EASY.
Go to gym or watch J Lin? Can't decide.
Audition tip #2: Do what you came to do and get out! Nothing kills a great audition like running your mouth too much after!
Thx, Rick. I officially start in late June.
Joshua #Carrier partial verdict in down in Springs. He's the former police officer accused of sex assault. Lot of counts.
“: Okc can't live off jump shots they going to miss some of those shots” pau is a wreck right now
Today's Lunch Feature: Smoked Garlic braised pulled pork Philly w/ red peppers, onion, provel Soup: Butternut Squash
no documentation left, un/fortunately. what kinds of shows did you want to direct?
its crazy right now man smh
North Korean Rocket Said to Fail Moments After Liftoff Defying weeks of international warnings of more censure and sanctions, North Korea
lol I wish . I don't know if Tannehill is gonna be all the great, I hope he is doe
Attn. all hiking enthusiasts in Seattle area - WWC wants to plan a hike. Are you be interested? Where would you like go/see? RT with info
#IKnowThisOneGirl who only talks ish over the Internet but never in person
At the Seussical with and
Bought Point of Morrow. Great, as usual. But we always fall in love with the new artist. For me, Tramp.
That's a good lookin' book, Eleanor. Congrats!
Just did a skype call at 38,000 feet. It's truly an amazing world we live in.
Twitter acting too stupid
Banana pudding and rain>>>>>>>>
These niggas hustlin ain't gettin no money lol..I bet 87% of em stay wit they Moma or wit a bitch in low income...get a loft or condo
Yep! Four for you glen coco!! :D
Cheese and sweet tea are the reasons I can't lose weight. -_-
dudes come and go i can always find better
This dumb ass phone! I didn't mean to RT that! Lol!
Hey just talked to someone at costplus last night about dumping food. Do you guys ever work with them??
Everyone down with an 8 minute video of pure stupidity?
Ed Schultz called Sarah #Palin a bimbo. Where's her apology?
im sorry i said stuff please dont be mad
If you're not living on the edge, you're taking up too much room
Yay long weekend!!! No school! :D
is this position still available: Design and Marketing Assistant?
Chinatown seems like a good movie to watch for Mother's Day. "She's my sister AND my daughter!"
thanks dude! I will correct :)
it took 4 of us to figure out how to work the popcorn machine in the breakroom
huge congrats to getting 3 million WMYB views. <3 they deserve it. Now they just need 100k likes on facebook :) #support x
Any chance the police will enforce "safety" "sanitation" and "law and order" against the financial sector?
Happy birthday & best wishes to our team capt and leader! Have fun in Austin buddy!
Fun words to know: Antonym.
“Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable.”
I participated in a #WalkForAutism yesterday; I got distracted a few minutes in. Yelled at a few people and then got frustrated and quit.
Why you may ask, I have a great thing allready...but there aint no rest for the wicked my dears.
I love farmer's markets! They should open one in #Laredo!
I felt like a 12 yr old little girl when he waved to me yesterday.
um say what?!?! YOU'RE GETTING A PUPPY?!?!?!?!?! I'm over at kaceys that's why I ask playa
My mom just called my sisters and I ugly.
Columbia Heights Educational Campus please spread the word about our Art Competition
Cause there'll be no sunlight if I lose you, baby There'll be no clear skies if I lose you, baby
A3: Teach a response chain, like painting, and remove items needed to complete chain. Learner mands for missing item
Hoppy Easter Every Bunny!
will do. woof
something about mary
Just living the dream. (Or following those who are living a better dream.)
Homemade zipline + #Georgia = Nothing good
Important! #HappyEndings on Tuesdays. I now have something to watch on Tuesdays.
Doing some grown up stuff.
WE WILL BE GIVING SLOBBER SNAKS BISCUITS TO THE CUTEST PUPS AT BRAVES BARK N THE PARK THIS SUNDAY..LOOK FOR US..
I just love the baby girl, what a sense of humor!
ate my weight in pizza, followed by chocolate. someone's eating her feelings.....
Almost time to Funk it up! Can Chris Johnson tear down the Steel Curtain? Should be a great game! I predict Tenn 27 - Pitt 17
#follow me I #follow back
What do u think of our enhanced ebooks? Tell us!! (Tag ) & you'll be entered in a drawing for a FREE TICKET to OPUS May 17-20
That's annoying
Vampires with multiple personality disorder are like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get. Hot Damn.
Our greatest battles are that with our own minds. Jameson Frank
No idea
CT time! Very good episodes!
yes you r . follow me
We are going to start offering a new Eng/American culture summer course to incoming foreign students. Could be a model.
Can't nobody make you mad😡 like someone you ❤!!!
Old alcoholics are the funniest
I'm a have to check this out I love strawberries. You been keeping up with WWE
lamest #yolk tweet ever. Mise well say. Watching paint dry!
RT : AMBER COLE GOTTA BE A TOP 5 REASON NOT TO HAVE A DAUGHTER Lmfao
well now thats depressing :( I thought I was easy to follow..not to be confused with 'easy' in general. Um, yeah. Hope you can. :)
Did Gillette just blatantly steal Nike's around-the-world commercial idea?
Market for legal & compliance-as-a-service clearly warming. The new, old law firm - or the new, new deal for delivering #law & #legal svcs?
Thanksgiving first!!! So much food..
Just buying a washer and dryer. 2 hr window for del missed it by 4 hours. Cancelled the order. this after water heater took a week
super fun!!!i am coming with a few friends though - idk if it's too many
Early morning workouts = after-work patio Happy Hours =
I LOVE what you've done for NYC through NYRP giving communities back their gardens and parks.
.... Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it." ~ Michael Jordon
My moms the best fucking cook lol, but she rarely cooks.
I use beer lol works the same haha
New life philosophy I'm working on: I will not dismiss any idea or concept until I try it or can top it.
Tht lil boy need to sit his behind down
Huh, you'd think you would have heard it a lot by now
like them New Orleans Dudes lol
"I love summer... girls wear NOTHING" - Jon Schwerer, circa 2009
u gonna finally come clean on Roger Clemens HGH use under oath?
I Cant sleep :/
Haha. I know the feeling! x
god morning <3
Computer went wonky, small fonts, screen skewed. I assumed I was having a stroke. I may be a hypochondriac.
But look where you are now...head of the Modern LANGUAGE Association. She obviously did many things right.
I figure that RT : i was gone fool
Good morning tweeting boaters! Getting ready to Deliver the Boating Dream to another happy customer today! That is what MarineMax does!
Chode Lee looks like a fat ass whale
Keep calm? Highly armed. Me? Turn my swag on? My mic's transform to pipe bombs, I eat planets like Unicron. Lebanon with John Lennon on.
Why isn't it raining here?
That's big. Congrats!
After a lengthy & productive whiteboarding session this morning, my office smells like purple.
Is there a way to see the West De Pere game online or listen it to it?
youll be back in no time... Yeah, I'm finally going back over there... It's been almost 10 years...
That looks amazing! :) Ha! At first glance I thought it was cycling and cheese....
Almost forgot #withoutshoes. Removing now that my meeting is done. Drive home & salon trip will be awkward.
Oh!lol that's BAD!
Thunderstorms Monday. A little bit late.
That is pretty funny.
you are too kind. I want to make you something as well. House warming gift!
Now we're the only table without a lit candle! Smh! Thanks a lot !
Slowly getting used to #running again. Minimal pain!!! Signed up for 4 races. :)
All Moments Are Holy.
Don't dare friend me - only introducing a friend of mine to some friends of mine. Friend me - I'd never be able to show my face in Port.
uh, you know me. what do you think?
65-67 degrees, mainly cloudy. Prfct walking weather :0) RT : what's weather going to be like in Little Italy 4 Art Walk?
oh goodness...
It must be budget time for a lot of print & online media folks - I'm getting a TON of cold calls this week!
Paul Robbins up now, arguing for #atxcouncil to redirect profit from sale of Green plant to water utility; offset bills
Thanks BK. I was being followed by differnt people from the same slutty date service.
Coney Island Queen.
design and pilots disruptive real-time DR2.0 & HAN services for #smartgrid, using mobile IPv6 smartphone connectivity soon details
I feel u bro I was never the type to drink smoke nor go to parties so I feel u bro!!!!!
“: ALL I WANT FOR MY BIRTHDAY IS A CAKE WITH JOHN'S FACE ON IT. <33”
OMG that is unbelievable! Thank you for making my month.
Mercury retrograde hitting twitter--can't access my @ pages. It'll end Dec. 13th. Until then, bcc ur emails to ensure successful delivery!
yea right. I see all these shoe posts. Haha. I'm doing great homie. How about u? We gotta catch up next time u in Florida.
Lady Gaga you will get my superbowl vote when you ask me to Custom make you an Elton Johnlike superbowl surprise platform shoes!@!!
Just seen jesse Jackson at work and of course, I pointed at him n called him out....best believe he acknowledged me. Lol.
Condensing what was previously two bedrooms into one is a bit challenging. I'm having to get organizationally crafty.
do u have a link for Indiana residents displaced in Henryville IN and Marysville on here by Tornadoes?
Time for The Avengers
spanish test tomorrow.. guessing a C- or D on it... oh well.
S/O EMCEE / VIOLATOR ALLSTAR DJ / POWER 92 ON AIR PERSONALITY SAT 9A-2P SUN 4P-7P / FORMERLY INFAMOUS SYNDICATE
Great sesh with about #artstech in SF! I am le noodled with excitement
Give 2 Max only 12 hours in! If you haven't given, what are you waiting for?
Nothing can beat Niam, But I still would love love love Diall (:
GAWD. David "Napoleon" Stern sucks.
I just finished "Chapter 4: Templates" of the Django Book. Moving on to "Chapter 5: Models" which is how Django interfaces with databases.
Waiting to go into Rialto. To many fucking people.
It will always be hard to let go of memories & people but choose to let go than just be stuck with one person,who never sees your worth.
Great season Knicks........ Congrats Heat .... The better team won this year ..... Til we meet again
u r a tool nd u r a jackass booker t is a good commatator. i dont noe how to spell it . watchin #smackdown nd loving it :D
come sleep. we'll dream about dem wings together
Our website is being redesigned.
RT : I will never regret you or say that I wish I'd never met you because once upon a time you were exactly what I needed.
Will hit you up in a bit.
chocolate chips stuffed with double stuf oreos. Made by 's sister.
#WOFCollegeWeek Entrance exam!
Well, if you've never taught before your probably qualified to teach at Lakeland College.
Haven't Tweeted an accent tip for a while. Requests?
#IfOnlyICould make my dream come true.
yup, these are pretty awesome :)
Lakers, you should probably play like your fucking season is on the line.
too many baby showers, not enough weddings
What goes around comes around like a hula hoop.
Does that only fruits, veggies, and water for a month really work? Been trying 2 drop some weight and nothing else seems to work!
I haven't been much--just Saturday night and this morning, mainly to drop off supplies.
"..feel-good measures can’t make up for a basic lack of resources in many schools." What Teachers Want by ttp://bit.ly/IqtUkZ
Guess the Greaseman retired?
The cook made me me chicken wings & I didn't even have to askk
R.I.P Baatin of Slum Village
And if you still sleep WAKE THE FUGG UP do something with ya life!
Lmao Too Badd She Got Grounded >.<
There's a lovely, tall brunette that has captured me, and I'm okay with that.
Lit candles and put them around my room while grooving to #TheBeatles. Good vibes. This is as close as I'll get to tripping tonight.
that always happens to me! Lol
hey, daddy is so proud of you, he was crying last night! :) Love ya and were trying to come !
You are the winner of the draw?
repeat after me...bored. waiting waiting. BORED.
U not on ya job wit this Twitter get ya network on bro
Heard that! RT Advice: #SocialMedia marketers need to respect communities before jumping in and selling their products.
RT : Chef Ben Baker nurtures 167-year-old starter. How old is your sourdough bread starter?
Oh hey! I didn't see you there! Is that a new haircut? looking good.. looking good. :)
ultra shopping?lol
Who loves Stixizza? ME!
I feel bad for the people in the wheels & cranks of the aerial view hay bale bicycles, so close and they don't even get to watch
a day off is usually never a true day off.
hmm I was told differently. Savings either way!
Have I died and gone to hell? It is way to hot outside.
Why are we constantly looking to reject the authenticity of photojournalism while seeking "the truth" in fine art photography?
RNG was amazing !! Voting for them Non-Stop !! 😁
pimp talk.
"Dance can fuse worlds in ways words cannot." - Peter DiMuro, last night, speaking on the power of cross genre & cultural collaboration
We still have upgraded balcony rooms available for #VisionExpo! Book now!
No team with Blaine as their Quarterback, is going to challenge us. I don't care how good their defense is, ours is better.
Boyfriend's last day in Irvine with me. Mega ultimate sad (but excited to buckle down and work work work).
I'm so confused...what is this lol!?!?
Sad that I cut off practically 1/2" of hair every month....my hair grows fast and I keep cutting it OH WELL LOL
from one moment to a next a thousand wasted Brooklyners all depressed.
We hope you all had a great weekend, what did you do? I hope it includes #studying especially with mid-terms coming up this week!
how us anne's dad? Can we make another plan yet to visit??
Make sure u make the most of this priceless day. Let's focus our attention & our effort toward those things that hav real meaning!
Thats full time at the Stadium of Lights. Man United 1 - nil
Hey you can at least call a brother and let me know hiw you are doing
We're so excited about tomorrow's campaign trip and hope you are too! We'll be tweeting under the hashtag
I'm feeling good just waking up😃
Getting ready for the Golden Globes with a complimentary blow-dry and make-up at Byu-TI Salon !
C.H. Spurgeon observed: "The anvil is not afraid of the hammer."
3 weeks ago there were no interesting playoff races in baseball and yet, yesterday might have been the most exciting last day evah!
Chicago bears
If u gone rap, do that, we done heard the song, we wanna hear you, don't come to the show and rap ya ad libs
Been driving since noon 😖 can't wait to get there! SC here I come!
Iv decided to stop taking bullshit from people !
Heading to the ATL airport to head to California for my first race of the season! :)
good morning!
#ewomen2010 Today is the day! Looking forward to new friends and new experiences. Excited to spend time with my roomie
Horton out for playoffs, Francona says no to Fenway 100 invite, Gronk won't be on the cover of Madden. #Redsox will win today Boom
i HATE that. raisins are impostors.
anytime your in chi would love to work with you ;) check me out on facebook/hairbymarina
(cont.) of "Blue Valentine". I was not at all invested with what happened to the couple. Starts well but falls apart quickly.
many thanks!
oh lets not go that far now
If you ever should find someone new, i know she better be good to you
kids in GLobal Action Project (social entrepreneur style class) present business plans 2 panel in 40 min- has them well prepared
For the first time in My Window Man history we have a sign on our shop! Woohhooooo!
RIP Etta James- One unforgettable voice.
TRAFFIC ALERT: With Fish Hatchery Road closed from Badger Road to Wingra thru Sunday, use John Nolen as an alternate to/from the Beltline.
Dear Future Boyfriend, Play Football. Be good at it. Love you. :)
Back working on the eBidjob website. Connecting homeowners with home and garden contractors. Tree removal or prunning call 770-310-4650 Jeff
It takes a long time to grow an old friend
Love that people are shocked by questionable (& incorrect) Shakespeare authorship theories bc of a Hollywood film. Late to the debate, guys.
I thought they’re called the “Empire State Yankees” this year? In any event, please affiliate with Rochester someday!
All of these Columbia students walking around my neighborhood in their graduation robes... But they don't look hammered. I don't get it.
Gmail down, Texas state sales tax site down. Tax day... Is this the beginning of the end?
I have a really really big test tomorrow. Wish me luck olease?!? :] ♥
Good Morning! It rained last night and supposed to rain today! :) Getting my boots out, T. Gozney Thornton playing at Rodeo tonight 8pm!
You will never start the next chapter of your life. If you keep re-reading the last one...
google sites proving to be a very handy tool for several projects. how far can I push?
Told Evan that Giants and Yanks make up for Knicks. What does he have making up for his ETS? Dan Murphy raking singles.
I'm the only person fuckin wit me
what is up?
letting the past have the power to ruin the future,
That would also be bad. I also went on a date to see YOUNG ADULT last year. How that guy and I didn't make it work, I have no idea
RT : lol we not doing this on twitter lol thats rite cause nobody can't Control Stone Cold!
hi, do you have instagram? x
the iconic boyz first walking on the abdc stage
Another caution, Newgarden is in the wall in turn 10. Also Ed Carpenter is in the wall after being hit by Beatriz. 12 Laps to go.
Love the side commentary on the athletic shoe in the camera view & chicken scratch guy. It 's like I'm there
lol Rob you were one of the dancers right? Ha ha "this is semi-scary"! Lol
How common and normal a lack of decency in society is always unnerves me.
I'm get my tattoo this weekend
I need my phone back.... Fuck.
"If Morrissey says don't eat meat, then I'll eat meat, because I hate Morrissey." - Robert Smith from The Cure
Keep heading outside for my candy cane breaks, then I realize it Illinois it's legal to do indoors.
I have a 120 or 140 gb drive? One of the two.
ah shit I thought we were square on that man
“Knowing a great deal is not the same as being smart...” ~ Carl Sagan
S/O to my new follower
hahah I can't wait to start hanging out with you at cheer and stuff
"she ratchet" lmao. I'm just seeing this YouTube video.
forreal what would you do if austin mahone came up to you and was like.. you're beautiful <3
you ridin with me?
love you, good night sis!
Its kiss
Good luck! Have a great show!
I did that all the time at Schulers :)
No plans tonight? Here's an idea -- why not visit the Fitchburg Public Library! Check out a new book and a dvd you haven't seen!
sending email spam is a bad idea, I suggest you stop doing it.
yeah bro I totally got a man crush on vinny. Fuck you're a stupid bitch go choke on a cheerio
...I want to go to heaven when I die to hear Jordan roll!
Awards ceremony about to begin
Was it really necessary to do away with the A,B,C,D,E grading system? Now it's E,G,S,P,U At least the old system helped u learn the alphabet
Off to eddies...
Fun bike ride with !
I really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really like you... like alot!
"I thought I told you that we won't stop!" They analyze. WeGETWORK
I've been hearing about it a lot lately. I'd be one seriously raging bish if I couldn't eat full-on until end of the day. LOL
I will never ever ever forget this piece. I couldn't laugh, but that's what you'd expect, right?
Man Boobs are fine, if your name is JULIE!
and it has nothing to do with the c.v. :)
Out of more than 80 postcard packs we've sold, we've only received 2 in the mail so far...
So cool! I wish I was there. You guys are great.
needa take me to hooters lol i'm hungry
Wrote another new song in class today...this is a habit now oh jeez.
#thingsAwisePotHeadwouldSay Call me Mr. PotHead, I can my make your grades drop!!!
P2P downloads? Can I be the elephant in the room & mention tpirating sites & bit torrent sites are an indication as well?
nice seeing you too! It's been awhile
I absolutely love going to the fire hall with Brandon 😂
Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you. Push and Pull.
Notice me please ❤
a lovely find. thank you
writing a paper over Social Learning Theory and Social Networking. Should be interesting
With landscaping, those who are living in urban sector can easily connect themselves with nature & can think about conservation
umm NO! :p
Where's my rain jacket when I need it?
Finished the replay of Border Wars a few hours ago. Great show, shame most of us didn't see it live.
When I die burry me upside down so the world can kiss my ass.
Any Tweeps have experience with Broadway Veterinary Hospital? I'm looking for a vet that is more convenietly located. Thanks!
I feel old most days mainly because I see too many doctor's office's.
Sad sad news. ": BREAKING NEWS!!! CNN News reports Grammy Award Winning Whitney Houston dead at age 48"
Amazing?? Never thought I'd hear that word describe something from Taco Bell.
Got my landscape design from this weekend. yay!
Maybe it was just better the first time around!! RT: those of us who are girls with brown eyes vehemently disagree.
Working at 5am sucks time 4 bed already
-You will be dearly missed
Corruption? Embezzlement?
Lovely day in Minnesota! Gotta love #TheForce that creates days like this.
is wiggin' out about his new comp: 15" macbook pro 1st gen (for sure!). i am sure i will look back on this day as a "game changer"
Day of blunders
hahahah sorry! I just thought you'd apreciate it.
hey beautiful(:
Haha, If only I knew the book I didnt read would be part of the final...
crazy party lastnight...cops came by three times..gotta try and get sleep
I can never pull all nighters. I love sleeping too much.
lmfao no not really. i just sat at home all day today on tumblr... i fail at life.
One test and off to the city I go!!!
All misfortune is but a stepping stone to fortune. -- Henry David Thoreau
so fun!
Oh, for F#cks sake! #Grammys Really? Alzheimer's Cowboy?!?!
Today is my three-year anniversary on #Twitter! Where's my cake?
#PennyFromHeaven RT “: What NAME should we give 's 80-yard game-winner to ? Best air on !”
I see you no longer carry grapefruit hydrosol. Is it possible you could point me in the direction of someone who does?
no but really.. where's MONCHELE today?? lol
I saw something actually that said the average person goes on tumblr for 3 hours a MONTH. you mean 3 hours before dinner...?
I wish I was as blunt, bold and ignorant as I once was...maybe I would say half things I have to say *shrugs* oh well, apart of growing up
I just wanna see you strip
Women,men like new pussy & will cheat on you just to experience new pussy even if the new pussy is bad,worthless,& ugly!
My family tho >
With over 70 TacoTime Northwest locations, it should be easy for you to have a quick and healthy lunch on-the-go.
You just so make me laugh. As always.
The thing that helps us shift from resistance to transformance in hope, which happens in
awww how cute.
I've been using swiftkey, and find it actually worth paying for.
got my confirmation ticket in the mail today for the sort of feels like one of willy wonka's golden tickets
Congratulations to for winning #gsec11 grand prize of $12,500 !!
Um, how amazing is this new Jack White album?
Is that safe?
Thankyou Moes for providing me with great food and music
Did you include goals for helping others in your resolutions this year?
Brown rice
Hey are you ready for Vegas? And is #Vegas ready for you?
Little kid shitt drama grow the fuck up lmao!
First hurling practice today with ! WOOT! Here's hoping I don't take a hurley to the face...!!
Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights after 10, we've got great late night specials for all of you Nite Owls. Check us out!
I just want a boyfriend who has brown skater hair, who's tan, and who has braces
CUNT. CUNT. CUNT. CUNT. I JUST WANT TO LEAVE FOR WORK ALREADY.
Happy Birthday Selma Blair! She turns 39 today & has starred in hit movies such as Cruel Intentions & Legally Blonde.
Will be there this weekend with every tourist RT : See them now: Washington's cherry blossoms are nearing end of their peak.
Stress over nothing -_-
Locked down 7 music videos, 3 photoshoots and 4 more meetings this week, all before 2am. Photoshoot in 6 hours w so I'm out
.: part of design in data modeling is thinking about what end users presumably won't need to think about
How cool! I'm glad that you liked what I shared
Peyton's talent is truly unbelievable and his looks are just a bonus. He's going to go far...just watch.
I'm so glad they played even though they probably could have sold out a venue twice the size. It was perfect.
wow! impressive! :) RT an I are always first to shows with We plan on being here all day. ;)
I forgot to add some words
And yes I know it's always been likely solved, but come on man, where's fun in a lack of mystery?
YOU LIKE TO PONDER THE CINEMA?!
oh she STILL bumps Salt n Pepper & Queen Latifah, she is a head bobber two stepper finger tapper ....
Hi. That's all I ask for.
tell me why this is a good time to follow? Sorry, not been on for a few days. :)
Officially obsessed with <3
is that $21 one way?
K-WASH AKA "THE BUBBLE JACKET" IS BACK!!
Been doing nothing all day. So boring. :/
Creepy... This song was on Pandora the same time I read this tweet.
Fuck my fucking life... I always get treated like shit.
Just borrow the cheesehead from the newsroom cubicles! Though not as #Derby ish.
Last night was awesome as Iron Pigs from as far away as Phoenix came to NW Ohio to give me my Life Member patch.
wish she had a boyfrien SO! bad lmao
Any but Hulk. No one likes an angry drunk. RT : If you could have a drink with one of the #Avengers which would it be and why?
I am going to die you guys. Omg. Ah.
I am loving how many brothers I'm seeing today.
Praying for you today. Know God's love is fresh every day! Blessings!
Super-duper shout out to the best promoting homie in the biz & Studios,
On the flipside my appreciation and knowledge of art and music have increased dramatically.
So you ain't claiming OUR kids now? *Hmph* RT : NO> I have 1. Dis nigga got 30 and make minimum wage/
I hate Wendy! She is a psycho!!!!
How about a RT because the Australian Synchrotron has the best beamlines out there?
it's amazing!
no one should be going to the gym at either of those times. hahaha
DealShow is live right now! Go check it out at www.dealshow.com. We have lots of #toys cheap!!!
-doing #Crossfit for over a year! Before I ate what I wanted but now I am focusing on my diet and workout simultaneously.luv it!
Devante gets on my neves with his non sense talking lol;)
Can't help but be happy for Shane Doan, one of the classiest people in all of sports.
This is so cool! Question: Why aren't there unlimited copies of e-books? Is it not all digital? Just curious to know!
sweet of you to offer, but I'm not in Seattle anymore. Have a great show!
Due Thurs: a paper on technology in Indonesian libraries and a digital repository model for a historical society. Oh, library school.
It requires less character to discover the faults of others, than to tolerate them.
Thanks for the mention. We're looking forward to everything Shauna brings to the table.
: Sitting waiting for the movie "Bully" to start and their playing One Directions song "Taken"!! What a great start to the day!
I'd love to roll with John McEnroe.
thanks for sharing, nice hat!
yea yeah lol
By the time you understand this you'll be high so No Worries - via
Where are you/Where did Jenna move to?
Bella looks pretty cute in twit pic❕❕❕
(seriously, thanks to twitter i legit think that i am friends with the entire texans defense. #delusional #texanscreeper)
Next time I'm Letting him chase after me.
we are ready for summer grilling with Oskar Blues and our Polidori Bratwurst. What "pairing" would you suggest? Mama's?
Did she forget to draw on that other eye brow............
You're going to look queer regardless of how many sit ups you do...nowhere near as queer as though....
Dating Tip 11: Not everyone wants their own sex tape. If you really want to videotape me, tell me beforehand.
#Nowplaying Dondria - Run Away (Featuring D-Mac)
Merry christmas to all my friends
Being around some with terets used to be funny. If I get it I hope I randomly blurt out som wu tang shit! Ghost-Face-Killaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
yeah seriously, I changed my PW just in case, I any RT or DM! Ahh I'm good and you?
Here is probably a top 10 favorite song of mine. I also really dig the lo fi aesthetic so eh. Bee Thousand/Alien Lanes are so
Thanks for the mention - hope it's going well!
shooting in the rain-bit of rain-then no rain-lot of rain-and a beautiful rainbow. shooting is good-no matter what
nice! How was it?
Midnight showing of #thedevilinside should be amazing!
thanks for coming to UT today! It was great to meet you, Scott! See you at APSEC!
email me if you need a job in the UK or other places! I got some resources here.
Beware the bats are back....
Sorry I post status' about things that does come to my mind atm. But fb IS asking what's on my mind.
hehehe enjoy ! Let's Go Yankees! Have fun
I'll have to settle for In My Eyes cover songs.
"There might be struggles on the road to your dreams, but I'd be living in a nightmare choosing not to chase my dreams."
Today Wine down thursdays!! $20 bottle of wine...come in and indulge the flavors we have to offer...
ends unlimited data. Best way to avoid the throttle? Switch to !
currently gearing up for my CD release. Get ready cause I&#39;m commin&#39; at ya.
"O beautiful for pilgrim feet" is among the stranger lyrics out there.
you're a Toronto coon
Seems like a lot more trouble than its worth... But maybe you could be someone that it is worth it for.
When you retweet Princess Sass, I can't take you seriously.
The female u shud be with is the one that wants to see u happy even if its not with her
Amazed I remembered enough German to get compliment from native speaker. Says more about low expectations of US lang. skills than about me!
yes you are. (: lol
Downed 3 shots of straight V and blazed 3 rolls by myself last night (: dylan and chad were close but Ima pro #nexttimemaybe lol
It's official! City Council voted unanimously to adopt the #pdxplan. Thx 2 every single Portlander who contributed to this amazing effort!
Y do LBN'S always think they goin to get sum.they so lame nt in this lase front #dnt do it no mo
KFC kettle chips
Now THAT show I saw twice! (& loved) ":..we have lots of availability for next weekend's re-opening of Avenue Q..."
What's your troop's best cookie booth sale selling technique?
Progression Is Key.!
TONIGHT at 5:30, fashion show for sustainability. www.passionforfashionpdx.com. If you're not protesting, see you at the PSU Smith Ballroom.
HubSpot gathers data about your brand reach in popular media to help you understand changes in your market presence
lol just wish my voice sounded good! lol and yeah we r in the same time zone!!! ill go to bed about midnight!!
thats not grape :P
Getting tatted this weekend oh yeah
Congrats! Let me know if I can close your Virginia loans. In home and I'll knock off the settlement fee.
Congrats to MAM-GIOCAs Patrick, Laura, , Peggy and Pat on their successful thesis defense and graduation today!
Thinking of our friends in the #Dallas/ #Ft. Worth area this afternoon. Stay safe in the crazy weather!
"trust no one, fear none"
You know where bad girls club need to come? Chicago , show y'all some real fights! haha But the girls going to be from all over
I think your account has been hacked. You just sent me a strange direct message
you're such a hard worker, I love it!!
When the new website's up & running, we'll have a system in place for US orders- can't before then - labelling requirements :)
My Daughter starts her first day of school tomorrow. She has the same kindergarten teach as i did. So excited for her.
This is a test of my faith....
Bra if your gonna wear a cut up tee shirt at least get some muscle tone first...
Alright final question that we'll put out there for this afternoon is coming up next.
nice single up the middle sir. Great to see it live!
your welcome
Not true - Indiana shot the 3rd most free throws in the NBA this year. “: He also coaches a jump shooting team”
I'm from Tokyo! 東京の所沢! Borgore大好きだよ! You should cum!
don't play fb games!!
of course, your to classy to fart us boys are
Finally warming up a little after a cool past couple of days. Sunny and highs in the mid 60's. Chilly tonight with isolated frost
I've always been the type to root for the underdog. Tonight will be no different!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 17
Hey thanks for giving us a listen :) - Glad you're enjoying it!!
OK is it me or did these tea & coffee cups shrink?
sure. We'll talk. They'll bomb. Talk is cheap. With oil money, bombs are too. Scary stuff ain't it.
And I'm in the #brooklynhalf!
LMAO! Met him at TSU. Cause you know I used to chill with Zee and Lo aallllllll the time so yeah.
THERE IS A COMPLETELY UNFAIR AMOUNT OF HOMEWORK FOR THE WEEK IM SICK.
'Do you have a cell phone?' Translation: I want your number but I don't want to make this awkward
Property crime in
Days like today remind me how hard it is to be a newsperson.
I'm T.J. Zane, and I endorse this message. Great way to update your members T.J. Thanks for sharing Tony.
2 more all-nighters of the semester?
Gospel meeting.s/o to all the good people left in this world and our creater!!
Happy FRIDAY! My strength come from the Lord. God is Good, All the Time.
if you ask me how im doin. id say in doin just fine. Id lie and say that your not on my mind. :D <SoFar,SoGood;*>
I'd down to hang out sometime! I wanna host a little backyard fire in my little corner of the wedge sometime soon.
Ask Abbey Clarke. I think I killed her.
Day three of #NGA conf. "Using Technology to Improve Human Services" feat. Case Commons CEO Kathleen Feely
Thanks, but I have help.
Incorrect! In the US of A, it is still Tuesday. ;)
Timmy ! :D
my mom mad some qood meatloaf , lol but i aint tell zay ion want her to be mad
Virginia~ These are the souls changes. I dont believe in ageing. I believe in forever altering ones aspect to the sun. Hence my optimism.
Introducing Wisconsin's best high schools …possibly - JSOnline...
#powerofwork kelly Brough just rapped. No really. So funny!
Happy Thursday to our new followers!
Tears and testimony. Amy Senser's day on the stand in her hit-&-run trial. Mark Albert's live report from court on KSTP-TV at 6p.
40% off Kentucky Derby Package at Hyatt Regency Louisville! TUES & WED ONLY!
I watched the Where The Streets Have No Name cover and I think Bono himself would applaud! AMAZING job!! My mind is BLOWN! :)
I guess we won't be hearing people complain about #Cousins&RG3 when RG3 checks in at WR and Cousins at QB and we see defenses look lost.
I wonder. A lot.
I want to marry a girl named Abracadabra! Any takers?
enjoying your date?
Late to the party at
They used to be called Jumpolines until your mom bounced on one back in '72.
... That's a daft punk song Brittany rofl
AH 2 more days :D lazy song video bitches <333
Come on time just 2 hours left let it be my bday all ready plz happy early bday
Win a FREE 2 night stay! Become a fan of HRL on FB by TOMORROW @ 12pm for a chance to win a 2 night stay for FREE!
Those images on twitter or pinterest would be cool, just not something I'd generally look for. That was my initial reaction.
Was Pinterest made to keep hipsters off the streets? Still struggling to see its purpose...
yay pork butt! The reason I quit vegetarianism..
This is late, but I said May the 4th be with you to a customer today (in a nerd shirt) and he laughed at me. Star Wars fans have no love.
probably the rabbits knowing me
did someone receive a package today?
Why "pandemic" with only 1 non-Mex H1N1 death? Not counting spaces in morgues; counting beds in hospitals. If they're wrong, no whining.
Halftime. Red Raiders 37 Blue Demons 36.
I'm no expert by any means, but i think the issue is you shouldn't tweet while playing hahaha
new terms for read very much like the stuff you have to sign when selling on amazon. Storage fee if your CD does not sell? so uncool
Ok im :( forreal i need a pick me up
Honda Commercial is one of the best. #Ozzy #CrazyTrain \m/
Glad you enjoyed it! MT Having ourselves a nice day at the park! , that is! Beautiful! Thanks for the tour,
It's hard to be above the influence when you are the influence
41% of American children are on the free and reduced-price lunch program. Something has to change.
What makes your movie different from every other movie I've ever seen?
Nigga Don't Act Like A ___________ Someone Finish It :)
it is friday for me !baseball tonight
Is wilting
alrighty mighty aphrodite :) hey listen i have to get off (-.-) my mom thinks i have a head injury so i have to go lie down ttyl
At least we haven't been doing any work
not to me. lol oh well.
"That was delightfully demented!!" -audience member post-
That awkward moment when you're on the bus and a seat opens up, but you dont move because it seems rude to the person next to you.
I wonder whether one of the Romney sons will run for pres to avenge for grandfather/father's loss, and what story will he tell of
Na only thing wrong with my feet is that they are orange :L <3
steelers fan I'm guessing
eww i hate that song he sounds so stupid and he sounds like hes trying to be justin timberlake
Turner suite is amazing! Make sure to stop by! They've been such an awesome sponsor!
San Fran just banned the Happy Meal. Wait, What?
you are just so cute! i remember when i first saw you on wizards and then i got so excited when you got your own show.
at some point if your going to claim your controversial policies helped the states economy, your probably going2need 2 stop record joblosses
Lisa, I hope we get to meet in person during conf
Site's in maintenance mode. Stay calm, megafans. I'm here.
hope u had a chance to enjoy some wine in between your scenes.
why do people give shout outs? i dont fully understand twitter
It looks like Twitter Bootstrap is used everywhere. It's even the most watched repo on Github even more than Rails and Node
Thanks! My right eyebrow is now jealous, natch.
#makegreatcontent Media in a digital world wisdom from
By "here" you mean "my pants?"
how is he supposed to know that they're not better than yours if he doesn't look.
hahaha. he does look like tyrese when he naked
Someone stole my dragons!!!!
really lol you must be a bad man then lol I've never been there before ..-_-
RT [Don't give energy to the negative. Neither should you resist it. That's how problems stick. Instead, use faith.] In yourself
thats so hot
Things are good! We're leaving DC -> Madison. Colman - law school, me - bschool, so hopefully see you in the not too distant :).
That my nine year old uses better grammar and punctuation than you.
#didyouknow that there is a suggestion box for and the #TRDA in the #jdown lobby! take advantage of it and let us know what you think
It's been about 140 rejections this year, with one fabulous acceptance that I'm sure will lead to more. It takes tenacity.
I,am trying to find a way to start the day without getting up so early in the morning! "sometimes it keeps me up all night"lmf/bestbylinc
He wwas very good, Gale Gillingham was much much better
what are u up to brah? Some one told me something bout u hehe
I'm detecting some regret over all those "Get Out The Vote!" tweets from earlier today.
Thanks for the tip on following
Congrats Kourtney K. and Scott on baby #2 hope it is a girl.
u rock. Thank u!
$2 Bud Light & Budweiser all day to wash down $1.75 beef or chicken tacos!
The emotional brain responds to an event more quickly than the thinking brain. -Daniel Goleman
Librarians getting wet. Sudden deluge.
Is there a 'kilt selector' as well?
We are infinity conduits. All of us.
Ohh That's so cool! my name is Makinli ♥ yours?
I feel like such a NOOB! :)
Weather is Fabulous Today for a Rooftop Happy Hour at Eden Lounge. Join Carl & Zita for the best Grown & Sexy happy hour. Doors open at 5pm
Must be springtime because there is bird poop on most of my windows. Time to have those cleaned!
When you don't know what to do, get still. The answer will come. --Oprah Winfrey
Magandang gabi sa iyo. It's still Wednesday where I am - you're in the future!
Mens Sine Pondere Ludit => the mind is playful when unburdened/free from pressure
I know im not the only one thats tryna be the only one, but i need to follow my ass....on twitter that is ;)
In Mexico today is the Mother's Day.. so please say happy day to ur Mom from me :-)
Merry x mas to all my people abd im happy I got to c today
Similarities with law firm and airplane. They tell me my departure is delayed, there is no time for a meal, and now there's a baby screaming
Panel tonight Going West! at the Harlem International Film Festival
& have discovered #turntablefm. Not sure if this is good or bad yet. Hope the play list doesn't include country (John).
S/O TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS!!>>>>
Going to go and pickup the raw footage from the new "Honey-Doo" video today. Editing is a beast, but I think you'll appreciate the effort.
We hope everyone has a safe and relaxing 4th of July weekend!! Enjoy the weather!!
"Justice limps slowly behind" Nietzsche Please RT
Ellen is Awesome...
Oh please dear God let there be a karaoke version of Broken English soon. Would so love to belt my face off!!
Shooting a Drumming Video tomorrow for HUB :)
What are the chances of it being a good idea AND something no one else could think of independently?
Haha. I had pulled pork on a waffle last week ... in NYC. Go figure.
oh yes thats what i like to hear! haha omg i love them!!!!
Open at 7AM Mon-Fri. Let our grab and go section make your morning easy!
Benefits of video conferencing for corporations: For many companies the constant challenge of trying to operate, ask about
Thanks! :) you too.
Listening to my neighbor arguing with her bf in the hall makes me feel pretty good about being single...
well de Jason and some other guy woke me up in our apartment earlier
You hurt me, but I won't hate you or talk shit about you. After all I loved you for a long time.
FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY! :)
Isn't it so much nicer to rock home with the windows down? Oh wait, hand me a kleenex I need to sneeze! JK
Mike flatironed his hairdo!
Times sure have changed. Discussion continues by the way.
Me, , and Nikki today in social studies. >>> 😂 "NO,NO,NO"
"The Getaway" another sold out screening at the Plaza Classic.
get to Munich....your Chelsea boys will need you yelping from the sidelines......go for it
was going on
No validation for you!
Tony Miyar for Mayor of Miami Dade County. Clean up Time
Your thirsty bitch "take a sip"
and I am using free wifi. Take that corporate healthcare.
Make my Twitter adventure easier and send me the pic...you have peaked my curiosity.
i just wish u understood me
Belts be stretchin
it is my absolute and total pleasure!!!!
Awesome job, you!
True. Something taller than Wednesday's.
has its snowman onsite today. Come by and check it out.
#NowWatching "Love & Other Drugs" it's funny! The brother is funny but it's sad too.
Biffle is a company man. Yes man. Sucking kenseths dong tonight. Non racing ass punk.
Tears will get you sympathy, sweat will get you results!
Lmao! I didn't mean that 😔
Can't wait to go back down south and visit very soon! Very tolerable drive and the economy down there is thriving better than Ohio!
LOL, Christina: "I'm a coattail rider and I know it!"
who are you battling against?
Just get the big O out of office please!
make sure you bring your Laguna Beach season 1 dvd's when you move here... we've got some reminiscing to do.
Marco Valenzuela is a superb computer graphics (3D) artist! Thanks for being with Poised Creation from the beginning!
To believe in one's dreams is to spend all of one's life asleep
"thumb-drive" or "flash drive?" and... discuss
Of course I did. That's what I do.
When you spend the night at your girlfriends house and she makes you smoothies in the morning >>>
thanks for the shout out! Your readers can use the promo code "GOODTIMES" for a big discount :)
What a thrilling day!!! Such an honor to sing our country's National anthem at the Chicago Bulls playoff game 1! They won!!!
Food and Lake of the Isles bound. ☀🍀
opening DJ for Wayne is playing Drake songs to dubstep
I don't think the world is ready for him! He's gonna shut everything down It's gonna be freakin EPIC! I'll be all smiles! :)
A raccoon was on my back porch!
IF I AIN'T TALKING I AIN'T COMFORTABLE
#MardiGras eve. All request video Monday What will you show for MillerLite beads and your song? & at 8pm
give them a piece of mine, too. Crazy making.
Make a change to an invoice, print it out, then revert it back to its original form and save and close it.
they say you know when you know, i don't know '
Come to OVS this evening at 7:00 PM for our special screening of the Oscar-nominated film "Sister Rose's Passion" in honor of Tisha B'Av.
Just ran into one of my fave Bears at the gym. He was not amused by the hat I was wearing.
It's always exciting to get to the stage of arranging travel with the authors who are coming.
Well, that went better than expected, although the room is now considerably less full. Obviously.
excuse me what?
Where's ...I need another pic to add to my Billionaire Wiener Wall of Fame.
if you are talking about elastic IPs they are free (or darn near it). Standard machine images are between .04-.08.
My apology goes out 2 u duan p.n what can i say.......#fuckedupnite?
Grant you three wishes but im no whodini
No more Tally for me!! summa time with the babe !! =)
"Contagion" is an excellent film. Now don't touch me!
Spent the night with my babe >> family day today. Seeing him later >>
Nobody knows what's going to work when they're building a business, so it's nice to go quickly from idea to implementation.
Who me “ Talk that shit to someone who cares...”
sometimes i think about how hard my french final is gonna be and cry cause i'm probably not gonna study at all
Dear site visitors: we've found a brand that's ready to work with us. Give us a week. xo save20
One very easy solution...RUN THE BASTARD OVER! It's a win-win. One more vote for D and one less Tea Party moron.
Thanks to all who helped sell out the Rock&Roll Hotel last night!! Great Gig!!
That why you should drive a Mercedes. ;)
quiet easter monday, fiddling with tiny sllow web pages on my mobile
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident at Caesar Chavez just East of the I35
it is sad.
aw. thanks, bear! Have a great weekend!
Fire drill during soundcheck! Evacuating...into the snow!
"Dance is the hidden language of the soul." - Martha Graham, US choreographer & dancer (1894 - 1991)
Thanks katie!
#Peace out ! Off to #SanFrancisco!
sounds like a great trivia question, lol
Going to tear it up on the volleyball court! ! !
thx mama RT: : If you don't already- u should #Follow and check out her blog and #giveaways www.goodgirlgonerad.com
At a hotel in LA. Kids are FINALLY asleep!
Are you already making plans for your extra LONG Weekend?
Don't take life for granted, everyday is a gift! Make today a great one!
Home sweet home!!!! 3 days of mamas food and kickin dads booty on the links!
And we don't care cause were so into deep <3
I'll be on the 3:50 today, I'll write your name and phone number on a seat for ya!
waking up to see we were up 206% in our fan base was like christmas morning! Time to start engagement!
damn it. i wanted "the bieber." pretty sure it's a spoof. domain is registered to a name used by Yes Men.
yay for the res!
Congrats to the winner in the 25-99 employee category: Jackson Design & Remodeling!
Christmas time is here!
check your email when you get a chance
I'm gonna be annoying and share every second of my life on twitter just like my new best friend
The Word of God, says that at God's right hand are eternal pleasures, it says that in His presence there is fullness of joy. (Psalm 16:11)
Hi to all the #smbmad folks - missed you today but see you next month!
The warm weather clothes I'm wearing just happen to be red & white. I feel like a jackass today
I thought there was nothing worse tasting than a bad sunflower seed. Bad almond is a close, close second.
It does fine for books, but PDFs are tough because the format is fixed at 8.5/11 and the screen must awkwardly scroll.
It's been a great week at Jaunted...we're trying to reach 2,000 fans on facebook this week. Please share and like our page!
don't worry they weren't blondes <3
It is still to early to know. We will make an announcement here when they are posted.
I don't care about how I act in public until I get made fun of. Then I just stay quiet for a week. I care about what others say.
i am real... or at least i think i am...
Miss coleman enjoys me moving my eye.
I still like Weiland, I think he could be a nice SP. Appel will probably start at Lexington.
How is fall in Chicago?
I WISH i could be a status, so you could LIKE me .
great to meet you Sharkey!
Strangers from money is hilarious
If my babies birthday wasn't in 3 days I would swear it was spring...good morning and enjoy
Thirsty ass people i tell you
Been busy all day.. Now I'm relaxing & having a good night!! Faded out my brain, kickin it with NC natives lol holla at me yo
you should be smokin right now
Can you send me a quote on why you did this for an article later today? Maybe another on which was your favorite piano?
It should be a great Baltimore Weekend!
It's HOT
thanks for including the article ! appreciates the love :)
For every 1 lurker that u know about there's about 10 that u don't know about.
you sports fans be killing me .
thank you for including us in your piece!
‎"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." -Henry David Thoreau
Follow My Friend
“: "Christ beside me, Christ before me, Christ behind me, Christ within me, Christ beneath me, Christ above me." - St. Patrick”
- voting goes until 8pm tonight.
I just saw an elvis in mississippi
Super Bowl party? What's up?
NBA championships as season ticketholders do..
Damn... those invisible Dogs again!
hi jeremy.
Today was nicely done. Thank you and sleep well.
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay At what point does a friendship that seems so toxic and vindictive that it needs ending?
: my point exactly !
Help Mad Co Fire Rescue house & the Paramount. Sat 9-26 Live auction & food at 1 pm Town Ctr Prk across from the Theatre KYX Band @ 5:30pm
You think that's bad, you should see my shoes. My feet won.
Welcome to paradaise
Holy shit am I glad I didn't watch the game tonight.
oh yeah cedar point is awesome u should try out kings island about 20 mins outside of cincy
Thanks for the RT!
back to this work foreal though
jeez since you aren't the celebrated writer of a free blog with 7 readers I don't know if we can be together anymore...
there is truth to what you speak.
cool, what is it, if i may ask? (:
Blue Ivy, Beyonce? Really?
Gallerist’s Week in Pictures
I Love
Attn UK Students -- Student United Way Dodgeball tonight in the Seaton Center at 7pm!! $5 per person
Don't forget our awesome Music of the Civil War program begins at 2pm! There's still time to make it!
That's so funny I forgot to laugh. *ha*
I hate the fact that i've had an immense amount of stress & anxiety attacks this entire week. I just want it to be prom
but its my boyfrannnn
Super huge thanks to & for one of the most spirited #BeerDiplomacy shows in a while. Will post soon!
I feel like shit when you ignore me...
Woah i was just thinking about when Austin Mahone got his braces off& i guess he's getting them off tmrw! But, he's really hot with em'.(:
oh nice! too bad we didn't run into you guys.
help ma lord im so scared and im 11 ah
haha! Ur a hard worker! Ppl appreciate what u do.
About to tackle it again but feeling better, My endurance is building. Great activity today regarding the book deal.
might sound better if you think of it as deep second base.
Thank you!! Awesome!
“: Money can't buy happiness. However, it's slightly more comfortable crying in a Porsche than a Kia.”
“: 80% of all missed shots are missed short. Must be tough enough to get the ball up. Back half misses.”
Working on videos from this weekend :)
I'm sorry but we can't be friends anymore...
ill text you soon babe!
right now chatting with people and watching tv...
You just do you
I'll doublecheck on the name, it was done by a local artist, but I have to check the spelling.
curse the Giants just like you have cursed the Suns please
RT : - Headed to our show at House of Blues.. Hope to see you there! We play at 11pm!
at 3pm, ABC news will air part of Obama's Evolution. At 3:30, we will probably see Romney mired in Intelligent Design.
not yet! There were hundreds of entries. We'll keep ya posted.
Good day in Boston. Feel business opening up.
US net petroleum products exporter for first time in 62 years! Great news in today's US conservation & innovation key to independence
i love you Kenzie you are always there for me you got my back always and forever
la Sarah drop it!! #shutuplatisha!!
"This is how we do it!"
Sometime in early 2008, before he dropped out of the primary.
lol u still at grandma house
Excited to see this
I hope feels better by friday :/
Volume up & you're at the third ring of Saturn in no time. :)
Olly Perez about to face Manny. Gotta love spring training.
#Books, #Sci-Fi , #Space, #SpiritLance , #Sam , #Stump , #Tank , #Julie , #NativeAmericanIndian.All point to my book series.
Just searched and found it!!! Thanks for the tip!
going to Bdubs. i take my wings very seriousely!
Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than thought, and action more quickly than conscience.
no prob, they'll be plenty others :)
Today is my Uncle Percy's 96th birthday.
:hello world gd mrning.......best night every in history.....i did it.....wow, but knw i hav to go to wrk........(its ok)
No complaints here. I think ur the sh**! Keep doing what ur what ur doing~>Big Fan
my brother is a comic book artist. We're excited for that also. The trailer was awesome!
sorry nothing personal, its just a rule i have, sorry
You will just have to join us for the next soirée !
Love it when my phone lies to me and tells me its cold...too bad its not! Wish I had shorts...
After 16 months of business, Pierced Zebra Jewelry has hired its first employee! Welcome to the craziness, Krystal!
Okay I hope to update quite a bit more. I have moved up in stakes and am now playing .25/.50 table stakes on Full Tilt.
Last night was fun as hell.
that's great! I would like to go and work in Asian cities as well!お互いに がんばりましょう！
I bet! And the stress probably won't stop until I make my first meal in my new place.
I think we can figure that out on Thursday when we mee up
“: #PacersWin - With three starters resting, everyone else stepped up as the Pacers defeat the Pistons 103-97 tonight.” #GoPacers!!
If you haven't done something fun today, keep trying.
Shower time !!! Hey I finally got a Facebook 
The only thing to make that beach scene perfect.... a few of my cats sharing the hammoch with me.
Hi Antoine!
"Spice and Wolf" Love it! And I've eaten so many apples..
What's good Big Homie! It's been a long time... I see you still doing it BIG!
when will the House stop passing for-show-only legislation and Senate R's stop filibustering and do some work?
#Knicks are staying close but we have to take this lead! We have to come out strong! Lets steal this!
He wants to start the entire process all over again. Wants staff to talk to communities. They kinda already did that.
What if in 6 #coaching sessions u found your ideal self & had 2 or 3 significant life epiphanies? Email
Washington Sports Club??
haha listening to the new new CD funny that my 2 year old nephew sing most of Till The Word Ends LMFAO !!!
I hope things get cleared up.
Hope everyone is having a better week then I am
okay is it just us 3?
Is it so hard to smile at a cashier?
I don't like Getting Blamed for something I didn't Do
Hem your blessings with thankfulness so they don't unravel. Author Unknown
Lol!!! Yes! RT : thick girls like to dry hump
On Sat., Afghan officials confirmed, the U.S. paid families $50K for each member killed & $11K who were wounded by Staff Sgt. Robert Bales.
"I got a rubber in my pocket and I'm Talking like this" lol "Face Down"
how many cuzins u got in the nfl now?
Enjoying this beautiful day by reading plays and memorizing monologues by the lake:)
Seeing the mom in her grief like that broke everybody's heart. People in the crowd were crying.
LMFAO the way i just came at him >>> xD
i am going to die. Lol
Sitting in library thinking.... there are so many books I need to read!
Thanks Jenny for informing us.. Nice name :)
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable. ~Thomas Jefferson
Going high waisted jeans shopping so I can makee some shorts!(:
I highly appreciate a tightly written, yet still entertaining, email.
I have nothing to say to you twitter.
Baby im single.. N no thanks,,, i got no feelings to feel love...
I got so many words in my head. Imma kick words till words are dead.
From the WTF files, Republican Pres Candidate #RickPerry says "Every life is worth living, regardless of the circumstance."
next weekend #itson #itson get the patron and tell em that its on
Oh: he has a sack of something! Lol
Words of wine wisdom: "Wine makes a symphony of a good meal." ~ Fernande Garvin, The Art of French Cooking
Just now heard the news about #juniorseau - that sucks, man. Ol boy was my hero back in the day. Another genius madman down.
Thanks Meghan. Maybe we will get to have you at a future event! Safe travels.
sweet! Just let us know when!
only because el duque & satchel were never clean about their ages :)
people don't get rich by buying irons
I love when my cat gets all cuts and cuddly at night. Only happens when it gets closer to June. (:
It IS a war when girls & women are dying, because of your policies.
Oh no. Thanks for the warning!
no you are!!!
:-( I'm in Texas. Did u take Maci? I wanted 2 B there 4 ur keynote. : Looking for you! Are you here?
another hot one!
I'm going to make a ringtone of a phone vibrating. That'll freak you out.
To his dog, every man is Napoleon; hence the constant popularity of dogs. ~Aldous Huxley
Great week this week.. Looking forward to another great week this coming week yep...God just showed me something great.. It's time..Leh Go!!
Woo-hoo, so this is how it feels like turning the big 20! haha keeping it young with
Attending opening of E.O. Wilson Biophilia Center at Nokuse Plantation in Freeport, FL on Saturday
Love it Becca!!
