There is something scary about everyone believing the same things about themselves and 'God'. If you seek kindness look to the 'lost' folks.
this girl has had a bad ass hangover for 2 days straight 😳
awesome following them both! Yeah its gonna be exciting!!
8 hrs earlier than NYC time, can send youtube or Skype early in our day
Justs Get ICONiacz To Email Ellen!! So We can Make It Possible!!
Dude. This may require an intervention.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Crest Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
Phoenix, Az :-) RT : You must be in Florida RT : 79 Degrees today - you can't beat this weather!!!
A tail, huh? I always suspected :)
with Ersan becoming a FA and possibly wanting to head to Europe, his value could likely be negative next year
Still not done setting up
Miss haven't seen her since like 8th grade by House haha
oh my GOD yes! But ...ALL ur pics r sexy!
“: I wish applications were short” hell yeah
Hello everyone, happy Friday!
Cape Cod 4 weekend.Chapin's Fish & Chips Sunday night at 7. Then back to NYC Monday for first starring role in new movie The Long Farewell.
haha I got your back Kyla!
Just installed MicroMod's Gingerbread v14 on my Nexus One and it is AWESOME!
👆off im not at work and 👀 need to 📲 him
#NYC what happened with the weather today? #TeamFollowBack Just #Follow ---> and I will #FollowBack without being asked.
we're excited for Saturday! Next time you'll have to tell us sooner- out readers would love this!!
not a good day at Ohio State, being a Michigan fan I am saddened and always want to beat the best
Taking Josh's #anchorman virginity.. OWWW OWWWW!!
Fine don't talk to me.
At an inter-agency marketing meeting and I'm playing a new game with myself: spot the #MarketingBuzzWords. First one: dashboard.
Today isn't my day 
take from past experience. That has a weird way of dropping the pieces where you don't want them to fall :/
something's wrong with my twitter. i keep on refreshing & refreshing the page but there's still a "Sorry! We did something wrong" thing. hmm
I was there too! What did you think?
workin all night no breaks no recess.
bet that dude is stunned he lost a hand for the first time since 'nam
says I have a jumping bean growing! Go figure I will now have 2 little jumping beans!
“: Anthony davis is number one pick in the nba draft #lock” Bobcats need all the help they can get. He's a stud
no, that's not it. It's the combination of the stakes & the historic rivalry coming together. Astros don't have an equivalent.
Iz- Somewhere Over the Rainbow
Can't help but smile. (:
Bet you this local train ride home is going to feel longer than the work day.
is that a real intersection?
Congrats rangers my ass... They fucking suck
Forget that we exist... I wish I could.
Twilight is Our Life
Almost 2,000 COM followers! How should we celebrate when it happens? Give away t-shirts with reckless abandon? Yes, that sounds appropriate.
Half of my cares about handing in homework & doing it and the other half doesn't give a crap.
Went to this weekend and LOVED their Thin Mint frozen yogurt! Check them out!
WE NEED MORE COFFEE!!!!!!
oh man, that sounds heavenly! One day.
Heading back to Milwaukee. Thank you San Diego for another great week.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Good Morning World...
YOU CAN DO THIS!!! YOU CAN DO THIS!!!!
#FF - heartfelt thanks for your outstanding work in the DC region.
#blackfriday here it is!! Need a break from shopping? Grab ur friends & head to and let's have some cocktails! #MVP at door
#Its2012WhyYouStill got a vcr?
they're so good. Grapefruit is the best with them.
Nice work !RT Great positive comments-'highly designed' re:IHPC! Congrats 5855 moves forward!
Charlotte Beers' advice to women: Learn what you have 2 offer & articulate it well. Also, u don't hv to b the person u r at home, at work.
Pre MLS party for the poway flip. Monday 5-730 get together photo shoot for marketing pictures. Come by and check out what we did
The adreneline RUSH you get when you set the hook & know you are in for a fight!!!
Made it to the 3rd round lol...Yay me!!!
Eating some gator during my conference break (hopefully I'm not allergic)
in staying far away from Riley I hear she has a good arm
Bargains Galore happening all around at your Favorite Flea!
love the sweatshirt<3333
My perception of futurism was dramatically heightened/enhanced human intelligence too. Pity it turned out just the opposite.
swimming, blasting music, evening out my softball tan&being w/my bestfriend? So excited 4 this week
not sure if your wife has a twitter account, but great great voice!
"Daddy, I have to go potty" x7. We're never going to get to sleep tonight...
Haha! Well, that is a good age to start learning about sharing with the other kids in the sandbox
Sentences to ponder: "Exaggeration, inexactitude and mendacity are the currency of politics."
i think im going to sleep! no cake for me :(
it's great but there's usually a line. Maybe send someone up a half hour early to put name on the list.
Dos Santos is fucking up Big Country! haha
“How you spend your time is more important than how you spend your money. Money mistakes can be corrected, but time is gone forever.”
LOL I would have done the same thing
Just for fun...for a dear family friend...ice cream cake with a brownie crust. Wish me luck!
#Greece's extremist Golden Dawn party swears it's not neo-Nazi. Hope not, dumb-asses, considering Nazis slaughtered Greece.
yes, it is my birthday. Thank you for the wishes. Send the same to your niece.
received the CD!! Thanks. Have not had a chance to listen uet
Were most responses to Ottoman sijils as brief as one or two words? Muftis didnt need to justify rulings? Or maybe petitions were formulaic?
LOL! RT : A8: I recommend a good bourbon to start
Finally read that article in depth, so which one are you battling now so I can help? :)
follow back..
Anyone else love that "get back to work" now means "check your Twitter stream"?
please let us accrue more energy at one time or let us collect energy separate.
Wish I had the ingredients to make brownies.
Say dat! RT : A part time friend is a full time hater!
Laying around sick all day watching hbo go. Some conclusions...
He's a total coward.
Hi Christa! We hope you and your friends had a lot of fun! Come back and see us soon! =)
Don't forget that we will follow anyone who tweets about us telling people to check us out! :)
Happy Birthday!
when your new song comes out i will deff get it
I want to win a #SnackAttack from this afternoon!
not sure if im seeing cody on saturday /:
It's my own personal LOCKSS system. I back stuff up all over the frickin' place.
I never learn anything talking. I only learn things when I ask questions.
nope she called me back! Haha :p im doing something right here haha :p
#upnorth, drinks and water
So glad to hear it. Thanks for supporting
happy holidays my bitch!!!
omg! Such a GOOD show. It's trashy and lots of fun haha.
im pretty sure i just witnessed a murder.
Go spurs go ! 🏀🏀🏀, i have a feeling there Goin to be in the finals
REMINDER: will begin airing "Ball Boys" tomorrow at 3pm! It follows the #Lutherville #Maryland store, "Robbie's First Base"
I know. I tried everything but you halve to do what works for u and never sacrifice beauty.
Me:Could you be a dear and get me some water? Little brother:I'm full... Me:I didn't ask you to go eat. I asked if you could get ME water...
Anyone have a preference in webinar services out there? One better than the other?
are there special rules about where you can fly it around DC?
Ok Megan go work at off broadway, sick of you
Sounds fun. Count me in!
No worries mate, the more people that follow you the better. Clint
Btw you might as well tag me .
#ESM client Mike Haywood is the best available football coach right now
thanks for the follow. Let's keep fighting the fight.
Yes it is good sir
It seems as if you don't care if you loose me . . .
": Who the fuck said I sleep upside down? I'm not a fucking bat" You just look like it. Black dracula mudasucka!
thanks so much, but i don't have any kids.... know a lot of great moms, though...lol
Appreciate that homie! Thanks!
i needa get more followers aha uhh
Austin City Limits Show turned me into a fan. "Evolution" tune brings back memories of my hard rock chick singing days....
yup Ms. International 😃
Bars would be more pleasant if people weren't all shouting.
taught smthing like Middlebrow TV at USC. Read "nobrow," used lots of non-legitimizing ex.
#BOYZAREBACK, i cant even control my emotions.
It walked on my pillow!
i would kill myself
oh, I didn't get to see it because I jumped off...but cops and stuff galore ahead of me...
Put another way, Constitution doesn't compel government to act on petitions. It gives citizens right to ask.
Followed by lunch and a good massage somewhere now that would be clutch
": Shoutout to my boy, !! Happy Birthday homie! Have a great one!" Its a pleasure knowing you, sir! Thanks!
yes, yes i do. i actually watched two episodes.. about to be on my third. no big deal. finals can wait, hahahah.
how about that win
I use it... Don't think I have had any recent problems like that.
AW, come on! The paternity suit against #Bieber was dropped? I was really looking forward to more 'assurances' he was the baby daddy.
is there ever a day that I don't have so much homework wahhh -_-
"Obama pledges to cut deficit in half at fiscal summit"... LOL. Is he preparing to raise our taxes in his first term, or just lying?
What best friends are for. #Boom. >> RT ", sass Bri one more time and see what happens
about to watch house of anubis. i was on punishment and my mom said no t.v so i just recorded everything. so i have a lot of catching up
I love That 70's Show. It always has me laughing.
GREAT JOB !!!! Totally dominated!!!
thunderstorms and watching the new movie limitless work tomorrow as well
Dominos, making a square pizza and throwing some spices on it doesn't make it Artesian. Its still good ole american made dominos.
are you considering doing Reason Extensions at all? I would kill for a Stutter Edit make my friends buy it too
RT : That is the last time I buy a rocket on eBay. (thanks for the Friday laugh.)
Happy Wednesday! Do something good just because and thank a teacher while you're at it.
i am looking for statistics on the volume (or estimated economic value) of user generated digital content. any ideas?
nice Opinion piece. I learned on a recent trip to the UK that residents can attend any university for only £9,000/yr: admirable.
i need a new bf
989 members on AAUW: American Association of University Women Facebook group. Going for 1000.
So true, Badger hockey (Men's and Women's) stacks up with any program in the nation.
": I rode a camel today." No Way! Was it a Bactrian (humps/plural)? lp
Oh, live in lavender!
Excited to be learning from commercial CD Jeff Gerrard at The Actors Network!
I like your av
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something
la vida a muy bien in baltimore. Small city with a lot to do. 3hour drive to the beach :) what does ur tattoo say? I love tats!
Good morning.
If you are looking for some mouth watering BBQ, look no further. If you need some late night BBQ, Ashley's in open until Midnight Fri & Sat
School is cool!!! Lol.
When is gonna have an after-work cocktail at the King of Happy Hour?!? Come 2 the East side, beautiful! Y'll love !
Oh, I see. I guess I'm looking at it from a different perspective, and at access/ease of use of programs.
No twitter I do not wanna follow All Time Low..
"Whatever you're reaching for better be a sammich because you're gonna have to eat it"
C'mon, NC, stand up for justice & equality for all people, like you did on Feb. 1, 1960.
I'll just start out Friday by never finishing Thursday. Hot damn, I am exhausted.
I LOVE Thanksgiving!
So exhausted... Grace get me through 12 hour shift #3 in a row...
On a lighter note, OT in
Tryouts with for Five Star Motha Fuckas
I can't wait to get my car I miss having girls night out with my cuzin and sitting around drinking tripping about all the bullshit
it won't let me send a message...
#uxchat this thursday 7/9 at 10am pst. post w/ the hashtag, and jump in the convo. issues/Qs you'd like to discuss? all ideas welcome.
oh hahaha okay
Ooh! Where did you guys go?
that was pretty suspect
Ah RT!! : I'm Thirsty ): Lemonade Sounds Good :S
LOVE it!! Wait till you catch up to season 2 of
Yep, I feel like I wasted a whole Saturday night. RT : Rough night for Portland sports...
No matter where u go...its thirsty nigga everywhere smh
Ron fucking loves a flashback.
give me any instrumental, I got the lyrical metaphors.
#FollowMeMTV & say they are following everyone who tweets with that hashtag... I guess we'll see :)
FORGIVE THE PERSON YOU WERE,ACCEPT WHO YOU ARE AND BELIEVE IN THE PERSON YOU WILL BECOME. ****AMEN***
BTW if you want to follow my personal tweets, please do, I'm all about game design, and wise ass remarks.
Thanks my man appreciate it
Keep 's million.
Thank You Glendy, i can be quite controversial, & i appreciate being comprehended
you are funny! Can't wait to see your act
What to Expect When You Are Expecting Avery Jessup
Working in music for my Mixtape
The video conferencing service and the video conferencing equipments are slowly improving the business.
Love you! B/C of you I got the chance to be a mom!!!
Sad that one of the gluten-free diet kids had NEVER been Trick or Treating!!! This was their first :)
Headed 2 shaker
I like knowing you 2 are just sucking down nicotine edibles @ any given time of day.
ABOUT TO GO H.A.M….at Orange Julius.
iacobellihvqdd9 Thanks for following...
Paradoxically, the more knowledgeable you are the more doubtful you are that there can ever be certainty.
1st ever pro postseason game for me tonite as Devils attempt to stave off elimination.
. Best of luck!
Nice Warm & Breezy Orlando Day!
The expendables: and Austin Sexton.
That last RT ( )was nothin but the truth. Saadiq is killin the music biz.
Anyone remember R Kelly lol
How many roberies are there gonna be in boxing its sickning!
Yesterday: got my copy of Inter/vention by Jan Holmevik. Tonight: reading Ch.1-2 after kids go to sleep. Ah, the anticipation...
#FF some radio friends
i was really tired today....
Def poetry Jam artist i'm featuring on Knotty Librarian via Facebook Sarah Jones, "your revolution"
what briefing mod do you use?
#theraid was amazing!
Still up
Awesome use of a document camera to show apps on devices at the Mobile Apps session.
Thanks for watching! Hopefully we'll have some new videos along with our new album later this year. Cheers!
"Peace Hoe!" -'Bruce Bruce' from Julius Ceasar
lol you thought that too? :)
For there is no question but a just fear of an imminent danger, though there be no blow given, is a lawful cause of war.
Well I will be going to work Monday. Darn it. Glad to see their were multiple winners----spread the wealth.
Nate Spencer <
Kid goes for a world record..the most snails attached to his face..yup, snails...video you can't miss...join us for all the day's news at 5!
"Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint." - Mark Twain
As of 1:30 pm today the majority of buses are running on time, with possible minor delays due to weather and traffic conditions.
RT if you find Alex attractive. :)
Mom said Dad told her I quit my job at DOTmed. I was let go from there over 4 months *after* he died.
Just watched your smackdown match...damn it was good to happy to see you back
We're excited too!!
did you get your deal yet? You went in on the X-Factor the people didn't get it but I did!
Tomorrow is TWOSday! Two piercings (including basic jewelry) for the price of one! questions? call 206-329-8274!!!
BSU vs. CSU = GAME DAY BABY! :)
RT : Following #ebksmt, also follow for great Twitter coverage! (TY!)
If you are going to do something do it right the first time
So Joss *did* answer questions today. Did you ask one? What was it?
Damn it caps! We tie it up, then we're back in the hole. we need to win the next one.
when are you gonna send me another box of goodies?
what happened?!
You talk to everyone in my family but me.
That's what I hate about team projects and presentations; you can never count on anybody but yourself. It's stupid.
i hope they take a snag at CJ Wilson cuz all we need is a real #2 pitcher.
$$ Learn how to take control of your finances TONIGHT in the Boise Library. Space is limited. Call now to RSVP 503.916.6139
want some bbq fritos in Dallas county. How come we cant get them here and the plant is in Plano??
It is #FF and are asking our followers to help us get 110,000 followers! One for every DC resident living in poverty. #teamchange the stats
Good morning Seattle and Happy St Patrick's Day!
why do niggas think because ja is jail they can diss behind his back
Where will #Wade & the #Heat go from here? WWW.ussportspages.com
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
Please check out all of the fantastic work on auction. You can bid on line or join us in person on Tuesday night. Friends of Anton - A...
headed to board BBQ and volleyball
P.S. is totally gonna disown me w/ the original reply. Talk about bad grammar! You're NOT your!
Too hungover to tweet
Parking for tonights' public input hearing is free at CSU San Marcos. Enter Lot B off of Craven.
yea!!! Thank you!
Where are you today ?? sort them out over at the beeb!!
Life isn't easy, nore is it an open book. U learn from it though. Each test given to you by fate makes U a little smarter & stronger B4. ¦-)
You are very Talented, I noticed you Speak with a Vision, ? where do you Aventure OFF 2, when in PAIN, yo boy H
that is the understatement of the decade.
Created a product shopping cart, to finalize, I have to build the checkout process and focus on usability in order for it to be functional.
Good point. With context, your statement makes a lot more sense.
I'm following
come back into my life!!!
Where is the love for #Syracuse Dickie v? RT My Final 4 picks are Kansas -Kansas St- Villanova-Kentucky!
nice! Good call. I'll ask Duq tomorrow if he's seen it
Thanks for following: +
#ConfessionTime i hate these pointless trends.
dear diary, a while ago a boy stole my heart & now he won't give it back <3
I've nearly got the perfect liquid line down!
oh my gosh Thankyouu please could you sign it for me it would mean alot!
where you at baby?!?! yea buddy
Hey Baylor, Oregon called and they want their uniforms back
I'm pretty multi-cultural. Or were you objecting to the gendered noun? ;p
Gym flow
Yes I know. That simply means we are getting old. Lol
I can check the GPS logs. :) I'll make sure it's fair, I promise!
i hope you can breathe soon!
Wow, 500 tweets!!! :O this is 501st! Holy cow! HEHE
Pretty awesome day. We raised a four-figure record for Spectrum that year, too.
humidity: 1) it's good for the skin. 2) your clothes don't have to be ironed. 3) your hair always has body and curl.
UW linebacker Chris Borland had shoulder surgery yesterday, 6 month recovery time. Then surgery on other shoulder. He'll be ready for fall
Sorry! have been sick for 4 days and decided to go the emergency room in New Rochelle hospital Sound Shores
yep, we have to upload them; but i remember posters being due earlier for posting online the year I gave a paper. :)
Hate when I can't fall asleep :/
If you don't have a heart. Than you don't have anything
Bailey ^^ (me). She really wants to skype tomorrow on #SkypeSunday <3
We get in at 11 on Thursday morn & leave on Monday around noon. You?
I'm Not Feeling It Today Lbvs
#ogw Ramsey Ramerman city of Everett: "As a govt empl I see the benefit of our open govt laws to build public trust."
At the Indianapolis colts game :)
#askellen what's your favorite ice cream?
i want to introduce you to a trainee working w/ me now who's on elective from UK
gotta be Julie:) only Julie :)
Oh and so happy to have my wheels back =D
"All I see is fireworks, every night is fireworks"
they was about to fight ctfu
RT : Any day is a great day to be amazing...or me. Therms are fairly interchangeable.
Trust me, it ends. I wear a 16. The current, stylish choices are gone within 2-3 days & for 2-3 months lesser shoes sit.
The future is now!
Me too! :) RT : I'm now going to drink myself into unconsciousness...
This Day in History: Kennedy proposed a joint mission to the moon in 1963. What dreams do your kids have that could become a reality!?
Home! Hungry!
this is true. I may still be a little drunk
yup wish I could have 400 followers now !!!
(catayst vs.enabling) I think it is more of a question of personality and individual style.
You would think that this is common sense...however, not everyone gets it!
Sending love to the family…
After seeing The King's Speech, I'm convinced we need to change the #slpeeps hashtag to #sl_uhpeeps. "Just bounce to it."
One Direction & Latinas ♥
Good day for the park then gym.
Thanks for the retweet, Steve. :)
Thanks for having us!!!
I trust AJ to get into the endzone go with green
No i never knew love would feel like a heart attack
Rocking out to Parenthetical Girl's "Safe As Houses" on my bikeride home. That album never ceases to amaze me!
going to sleep because of my headache
Our seniors have one more day next week. Can't believe the year is already over.
Spring is here, Summer is at hand, and I will not be intimidated.
I hope people tweet funny things today
I'll give you a damn cookie if you follow me. hehe.
Love the quote. Wish everyone at Sac State a happy and productive 2012!
But I'm sure there's really rad, posi, not sad/disturbing people on there, too! Any recommendations on who to follow? :-)
4-20/2102 Boston Globe's Reflection for the day: "Mistakes, errors, false starts -- accept them all. The basis of #creativity." R. Foreman
Red Wings beat Nashville, 4-1. Perfect end to my weekend. Bedtime, and then back at it again tomorrow. Good night!
Can we have 1 Friday without Fortune Cookie relationship Advice?
Learn to express yourself fully ----enlivened by who you are. Happy, satisfied and fulfilled. Cynthia Harris
yes, what times good for you?
please lets not "blame the system" I think a lot of great teachers are now overwhelmed with the other stuff - cant teach
Indiana very lucky.
Okay Minnesota, I'm escaping to Europe for a couple weeks. I promise to think of you in the snow while I'm sipping Chianti in sunny Tuscany!
loved your touchdown dance tonight!
I'm not the type of person who starts anything, but i have no problem finishing it.
good nightly<3
Ppl hated that I was such a jerk so I changed up & became more personable. Nope I was wrong! Welcome back
Morning dollies n genties
Make sure to check the music out!
Boston, Massachusetts- Need females for music video. No nudity. Pay is 1,000 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
"You can either get rich or die tryin'. But just know you can't take that money with you."-Jay Rock
happy thanksgiving to you and family. At this tough time may this thanksgiving be the best one yet
that'd be cool. He gave me some stuff for the water, but anything to make a cleaner bowl I'm down for.
except i know nothing about cosmetology. i only know how to shave my sisters hair when shes sleeping
I can handle that.
Hope everyone is enjoying this incredible weather. Get outside!
Gr8 time @ St Johns Tech HS. Great group. Message to folks 25 & up: don't dismiss middle & high schoolers. They have a lot 2 offer. ArmorUp!
don't come to me asking for something in a rude ass way & expect me to be all nice about it
Watch Poisoned Pen Press publisher Jessica on Channel 15 Wed, 3/7 at 9am discussing elements of a great mystery.
We'd love to decorate your home, fresh flowers always make a house feel like a home
Yes he won!
“Be careful what you wish for. –A”
Just made it official for That medal looks awesome !
Tym, give us a call at 503.823.2116 or email me at ! :)
"People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours."
Rand Paul: Complains about the 1000 pages of #ESEA amendments. Doesn't mention that most of those pages of amendments are HIS!
Just saw Lilly tomlin and it made me miss my nana mom and sis - Big Business forever
I've completed the first class...will get caught up this weekend. Looking forward to it.
i feel sick and tired,i cant wait till march comes and i will relax in some nice place
: Do you think it would be worth getting someone to create Wikipedia entries for #neutrois and #agender to increase visibility?
We are saints... Never thought id say that #ff first team all-GNAC RT : lmao and #FollowFriday my tag team partner
Spring is in the air!
no problem but you asked ithink
No sophomore slump here. Hi second season of Jersey Shore. You are just as ridiculous in Miami as you were in Jersey, and I appreciate it.
today my siblings are celebrating my birthday, tomorrow is when i was born yay
First experience in a public records request #WTF moment. I'm sure it won't be the last.
Great piece, Drew. Time to start an Occupy The Multiplex movement.
seed of chucky:) it's funny but I'm still gonna have nightmares.
sucks to wanna get with a 10 when you're a 5...
Come join at next friday and help support Toys for Tots
correction "DIMPLE"(: but it's still cute(: I have a tiny dimple:D On my right cheek I just noticed it a week ago:D #Yaay(:
lol pound it 👊
Thank you! Appreciate the love :) I've listened to some of your songs, love the beat! You have a great voice!
This is my 404th tweet!! The number's going up!!! :D
can i have alink?? thank uu
#1DNewEnglandContest LET'S DO THIS POOOO
A Cracker Barrel in walking distance from my hotel...awesomely dangerous? Or dangerously awesome?
Fingers are rolling so bear with them.
Wonder who will get the last tweet of 2011 and what will it be? I think Twitter should have a countdown.
I just saw this commercial for "The Game" coming on tonight and Derwin is starting to piss me off! He's a jerk
So the guy who made disturbed big contacted us today and wants four song and needs a bass!
And sound recordings are even more fucked. Sigh.
You are very welcome! Glad you like them! RT : ran my first mile in my new inov8s tonight. Felt awesome! Thank you!
Polish Hill Earth Day Clean up Saturday 11 till 2pm Meet at the PHCA Office
Agreed, Dog piles need to go away like Neon did! #PassingFad RT : High 5s/no dogpiles.
shut up! I didn't mean to put a "q". Hobo
I am jealous that you are going! Have a great time!
When will fictional characters learn, that when there is a killer about, they shouldn't go off on their own?
Why do all good things come to an end?! Lovers to friends
WOO! MT #SXSW today! 1st session "Popping Your Bubble: Stories of the Digital Divide"
Eavesdropped on Girl coding: "yr templates were gorgeous- never worked w/ them before so it was neat to look at yr code”
She was in the booth behind Cosgrove.
I take your job “ I WISH MY JOB HURRY UP AND FIRE ME”
recording later day... tweet me some song ideas for me to cover! :)
what are you gonna do tmr?
APD preparing for Halloween early this year in order to crack down on all the women trying to pass themselves off as sexy cops.
Shock to the NFL: Rip JRS...
Please rollover
Yeah, I have friends who put that on.
one should always be posative
's s&m is on RITE NOW I LOVE this SONG 'sticks and stones may break my bones' but I'll always love Rihanna and KIISFM
Nahh you'll be fine:) Hey ill be right back I'm gonna take a nice refreshing shower lol
I agree with those 84.8%
thank you for the RT! Hope you are well this Sunday is another contest.. hope to see you there
In every interview I've heard of Trent Richardson, he begins every answer with 'Most Definitely'. I think he's earned the nickname Mos Def.
Looking forward to using the service!
I pull it out ya girl....she tell me put it back in !!
"If you don't run your own life, somebody else will."
Being able to trust someone 100% really makes it that much better. thank the person for that
ya... Sounds like taped #Rangers was a much better choice than live Mavs!!!
We are selling out of these Playoff shirts faster than we thought. You Guys are the best. New shipment coming Friday!
Big horror fan, so loving october...
Say that it's love, but to me it's looking counterfeit.
#hallway photo
I can sing the song if you want :) : A3. Anyone remember the flying car from Chitty Chitty Bang Bang w/ Dick Van Dyke?
Tip of the day: if youre out of milk then just have eggs for breakfast.
's Brew Free or Die IPA: Like Wu-Tang Clan's sick beats, this ale has head-noddin, glass frothing style. This shit is the jam.
Love this #phoenix morning weather :)
no worries. You around on Monday for a quick chat? unrelated to the desert...
What's up, sniffly nose? How about you, itchy eyes? Let's be done with this if you don't mind.
is there no telling what good eats r to be had with that vessel?
I'll be the cash u be the rubba band
Um, definitely back your iphone up before updating guys. It erases everything. I lost some videos I really wanted.
Will 1D ever come in Russia, btw? (;
you and are fucking killing it tonight!! I am gonna piss myself!!
Just busted a move in my room. All hot and sweaty now.
RT : Kelli W just came up with a pretty good name for the Broadz' experience here; " Beignets & Hair Spray".
can i pretty please get a follow it would mean the world to me u have no idea how much i think your amazing!!! Love u! <3 :)))
So funny. RT : #10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when people look like oompa loompas in the middle of winter.
#HappyBirthdayCody hope u have a good birthday both today and tomorrow!
VAMPIRE DIARIES!
Damn Sun!
And that's by far, my favorite song on #MauSe. That shit gets me hype! I'm genuinely excited, yo!
Funny, I feel the same way.
“: If I made the next album $1, with all proceeds going to charity, would you pay?” yes
Do you think they're on their way to extinction?
is AMAZEBALLS on the mainstage at Ultra Music Festival
Is numb, although no more cavity!
out w. my bby :) .. he always put a smile on my face
Mild temps make shopping on Small Business Saturday easier. Shop Local!
Doing a mini photo shoot with some ZTA girls.. It's always fun to take pictures of pretty people :)
oh my god what a game go nugs
We will only send tweets between sessions. No phones on during actual investigation as a rule! More like live tweet updates.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action. Peter Drucker
Walking out of the science department and a bunch of teachers who are eating lunch stare at you like your stupid =
....if you'll pardon the expression...
So overpowered by the moma who went to take there last pic. of stillborn baby!!! And AMAZING She Grasped Momas finger! IMPOSSIBLE Is NOT!
#ThingsIGetAlot "You're so tall." "How do you say your name?" "It's cause you're Serbian!" haha.
They say all I need is some MucinexD! 
FIRST "sex abuse norm:" DON'T!!!!
For your birthday, you can suck my dick (;
Have you guys seen #Google today? They are doing a great tribute to Gideon Sundback!
absolutely will do! And remember, be one with the editorial calendar ;-)
#surprise, memphis is classless!
Thank you all!
welcome to the family! hahahah
in response, new topic ** how to get more teachers on board with twitter and tech in general?
TOMORROW IS MY BIRTHDAY
There Is A Difference Between Being Obsessive&Territorial And Being Jealous Or Caring.
Prepare for the Sweet Pickle route this weekend, Ravens fans. Can't tell you what it entails but you'll know it when you see it.
Imma check you out tomorrow (Business)
For somebody to be so fucked up towards you then just rub it in your face... shits crazy... then cry when they ass get left..
Watched The Violin by Francisco Vargas ....beautiful Mexican film
So glad it moved you! RT : Basically I started crying five minutes into Pitmen Painters & didn't stop until intermission.
You're gorgeous. Never forget it. And Im going to be reminding you this al day :)
"I bang bang til that neck bruised" yea my nig
Okay people enuff with the personalized license plates "erigant" really douchebag
They are already made. Each tee is limited edition.
best dog picture i've seen lately. *wink back* cutie!
I am even more excited than you :) I love working with other like professionals!! Looking forward to learning more about you!
yep - should we assume casuals or avids are aware? Minor in grand scheme but for in those brief moments could cause confusion
Hoping I can fly into KC before the storms unleash what could be tornadic activity in the Heartland this late afternoon.
More info: iPhone 4S on Cellcom will be available 4/20, beginning at $149. The iPhone 4 will be available for $49.
Getting my snack ready for 's ustream in 15 minutes(:
Starting new classes in Acting for Film Tuesdays nights. Please let your friends know. Classes are on Film for children and Adults. Go to…
#koolandthegang is BRINGING IT, prior to #vanhalen in St. Louis.
I can't wait until September. I will be there! Thank you for being such a nice person. :)
maybe you could add another person to your following list?? i would suggest me...
had an amazing time in San Francisco this weekend!
dude Bell signed with Philly last week!
yep. Yet another reason to flee corporate America. ;)
Hey there! Do you do Interior design or more graphic design?
I haven't heard any explanation for why it's not name indexed. Have you? Seems hard to use without names. Also, woo!
uh....adorable wasn't the word I was thinking... ;)
Connecting with new friends from the
...I'm very flexible. But would love it to be an island in the Med
Was that a troll to get more @ replies? Woo! Madonna!
The president uses the power of narrative while describing the raid on Bin Laden as a metaphor for the country working together.
Johnson Co IN sheriff; U need 2 learn the difference between male & female bodies, verify that the state stole my BEES, admit your stupidity
Thanks to scare tactics, if something freaky ever happens to me, i'm automatically going to think it's a joke.
No school for me tomorrow (:
hey! Where are you we have presents for you!
Just found one of paintings listed on Amazon.com. Love the free advertising I mysteriously seem to get through them.
our day is made. new cross country speed record: "I placed an order on Friday and I just got my shirt in today. You guys are badass!Thanks."
I live in a state where the weather is bi polar gotta love Texas lol :D <3
See SILENCE! The Musical if you can. You'd love it!
Being strong is not an action, but rather a presence. Being loving is not a way of speaking, but rather a state of being.
Why? ;p lol
Missing terribly on this beautiful Friday.
i don't care , lol why are you asking me for
Father's Day Is Not Until Next Month Here
o thaa wife (mom) made beans (:
I gotta admit, are great dancers!
THIS WEEKEND: in Duncannon, PA (Harrisburg Area) tomorrow night at The Rock Kat and on Sunday in Clifton, NJ at Dingbatz!
Thank you Brent for following
hey hun gotta talk to your send me a text I dont have your cell #! 414-467-7243
Congrats on your new role as President!
NO! It Was The Bestt!! Excuse Me, I'm Going To Go Cry Now):
got you
Watching up on drama!
D-156 deans target behavior - Northwest Herald
Freemium: A promotional model that offers basic services for free, while charging a premium for advanced or special features. One example...
isn't that always the way ;) we still have time!
I love u so much, god blees u and i love how u sing your like the secong beyonce!(: tweet back! i love u!
Tonight could be the last #redsox game at Fenway this year..
It's been a 10-hours-at-the-library sort of day, but mostly pleasant. I think I have one more hour left in me.
Our office will close at 4 PM on Friday and will be closed on Monday, Feb 20 for Presidents' Day.
i just love stalkers <3
thanks for stopping. Saw a bunch of folks running around for art all night. Seems like fun.
#thx u 4 mt have a good day
About 50% of men masturbate at least once a day, 75% at least once a week, and 99% at least once a month.
fuck you x10000000000000000000 just because i said so
Good Morning .
Riding down I-77 blastin T.R.O.Y. (They Reminisce Over You)
would I like them? They're gonna be at #Lollapalooza and I was just curious
Sometimes flowers can go a long way
I would so read Amish teen fiction! That sounds awesome!
I hope federal employees get home safely in this drizzle
Great! RT Note: No 'L' reroutes related to NATO events are planned. In fact, we’re adding service and/or capacity, at certain times.
My company just hired a new graphics girl. Walking around the office with a boner is going to be hard to hide.
#IGotNoRespectForYou , If You Kill Somebody .
Would love to come down...May 24th is my birthday as well. Call time?
that's an interesting running log you've got there. Thanks for sharing!
That wasn't really a pop fly. Caught in front of the track.
glad you liked it, rare when my brain works that quickly Cheers and happy Tuesday!
Well my bagels ready so maybe I will...
HEY EVERYBODY! WHEN YOU GET A CHANCE PLEASE FOLLOW ONE OF OUR TOP DJS HERE ON XRADIO.BIZ MR
Magic Johnson's "The Announcement" was freaking incredible...I'm also never having sex again.
I'm going be at basic in a few hours!!! You should join!
Are you at Coachella? If yes - very jealous...
How lazy can u be when u rather have that thing sitting inside your vagina than taking one pill everyday....?
Virgins rush past to London liaison on glorious spring day washed clean by yesterdays rain; yellow fields demonstrate fertility renewed.
o/u Running Backs taken in 1st round : 1.5. Your boy Doug Martin going to slide in there?
YOUR LOVE NEVER FAILS! It never gives up! It never runs out on me!
enlighten us
#fridayreads time: I'm working on Speaker for the Dead, book two of the Ender series by
I'd like to know some of the foods she'll be enjoying while on the course!
Sounds like you need one. Tired last night around 820 also
Crazy buzy workin at almost 2am like usual, sorry if ive missed gettn back to anyone
RT : High Heat ADVISORY- stay hydrated - what you TODAY & this eve will help later this week - hydrate, hydrate, hydrate
No its not?
I love waking up and has cooked me some bacon. We both love it so much I am surprised no one has lost a finger.
so creepy. Slight GC.
Back in NYC we're enjoying hoops on TV & #SXSW coverage from &
lol for thug to be like "what you on boo" is gay tho
1 Lg 2-topping pizza, cheese sticks, and a 2-liter for only $14.95 from Lee's Pizza this week on BrewCityBites!
Just waiting for Rafa to serve
Not meant to be a tease. It's coming to the US soon. We have customers all over the world who want the Streak.
wife were u at
Um, buy alarm clock! RT : So sick of this phone. Cant wait to get a new one monday. Woke up late beccause of it
They say u can tell how a man will treat his woman by the way he treats his mom!! Ha ain't that some BULLSHIT!!!
We have POSTPONED our video premiere due to studio delays. :( Looking forward to rescheduling and making it a stellar soiree!!
Z gets 1st ski letter! Nate says only positive things! Roth points out Z was recipient of Most Annoying Freshman Award last year
"Stealth health can be a good thing" - We don't want to announce to the world that seniors need help
In that case, I'll throw Mastodon in there.
Aw, am not home but I will check mail this afternoon. I am eating, don't worry! Thanks buddy!
baby i got swagger
I love Backwards Down the Number Line and Friday. I don't love Run Like an Antelope or Piper. So sue me.
We Gotta Do Sumthin As Well!
graduation outfit/Dino's attire/pajamas
RT : Flying back to DC after a fabulous Sessions kickoff event in Cambridge last night!
So, does anyone know when the "Divide and Conquer" video was shot? Month and year would suffice.
Got odd look from the better half after I chuckled at the Pearle Vision "naughty librarian" ad. #PokerFace me for the rest of the evening--
Today in India: I saw a man in a three piece suit on the side of a busy road urinating. He smiled and waved with his free hand.
I had the best time @ Livestrong Sporting Park last Night with Sporting KC getting a draw in the last minute of regulation time.
yo' mama wants to know- what are your plans for this valentine's day?
Happy birthday Brian
bundle still not sorted after 3 mnths. Call disconnected today trying to sort it. Just what I've come to expect
wow more of your MISTRESSES are coming forward to prove that you are a LIAR @ RepWiener STEP DOWN WEINER ....
hang someone on a cross
the funny thing is i'm actually listening to Diggy right now....it sounds so funny cause it's on the TV 'nd playin' on my Ipod!!! lol
So sweet<3
is the man
LOVED that show. Did I really just publicly admit that?
If you want something in this life, then work for it. We can't always depend upon someone else making things happen. Be responsible for you.
STAY TUNED FOR WARREN LEE ( CONGRESS OR COUNCIL)
Parents have no idea what it's like to be a teenager in our generation.
Wanna fade myself up before the scrimmage
I'm a proud lesbian!
Best part of the #Grammys tonight was Jennifer Hudson's tribute to Whitney, really moving.. we miss you
networking is an adventure
As about the only agency in Chicago accepting for residential TX adults with non-stabilized psychiatric conditions, shame if DMH won't fund.
that's wassup young blood.. We good building branding as usual
Ugh I'm so done
racial profiling is some bs. thank god for watermelon twizzlers..
My family will always be there.
many insecurities too count. But there is going to be someone in the world who truly loves you for you. Don't ever think that you've got
81 degrees in the Mil today...where are we drinking?
Haha, that's awesome. That's tomorrow's avatar. Thanks Carter.
I'm at this point where I'm getting tired of ppl always worrying about me.I'm grown now so if I make a mistake it will be my mistake.
Not gonna lie I'm startin to like country music a little more
just found out I can record at my crib again !!!! I'll have new shyt by Monday
I'm a JESUS FREAK....Twitter That. Faith abiding citizen.... Believe That...
"Yes, I sometimes fail, but at least I'm willing to experiment." - Bono via
Ringing the bell for the salvation army at Kroger in Novi at Beck and Grand River with till 2! Come on out and donate!
Bakersfield, thank you for showing us such a good time. Sorry for bleeding on you!
James Blake's cover of Limit to Your Love is bad ass.
2nd verse of new song is starting to gel! On the piano working kinks out of the bridge.
planning to get there early, i hear you're buying drinks for the band
#mmauncensored Bonnar should be a coach and Nate should fight again,but your show sucks!!!!
What Brahms are you singing?
Teague has yet to show it in the regular season. Very inconsistent, both in his play and his playing time.
Merry Christmas everyone!! #GoPackGo!!
keep in touch !
Whatup homie! Did you finish the joint?
"Another day, another way...for me to open up to you." ::jamie lidell::another day::
Watch out for the HOA There is an evil lurking in many neighborhoods. It is the bane of every homeowner’s and real estate investors’ exis
We second that! Have a great weekend as well!
best wishes to you & fam! &thanks for the drum rec this year, always lookin to record/gig more,appreciate ya passin myinfo along
Happy Easter!
I love when my phone weather app reads 1 degrees. Wish it wasn't right.
*Changes name to Kaydee*
It is Saturday, May 5! You're no longer in Greensboro, you're now in "Comic Book City USA!" Enjoy International Free Comic Book Day!
Let me see u wobble :) excited to see the video today!! Thank u
When you make a vow to God, do not delay in fulfilling it
is @ UWS (WSCC) listening to brilliant Vern Saboe D.C. & the Gatti lawyers learning how to help those who are injured at work!
get ur ambition, get yourself, that's all you need, we are ready for the in www.nxtarrow.com
Princess Bride!
Question of the Day! Which band, dead or alive, together or broken up, would you move mountains to see perform live today?
no problem. 10pm she can sleep in bed. She sleeps in mine.
thanks for the suggestion!
Another gloomy day here in O-Town ,, I wonder if its gonna #hail like it did yesterday ?
Get ALL UP IN THAT MUG!
Wow, that is veering into some dangerous territory
there's an app for that, and it's fairly idiot-proof
#NBA legend #GusWilliams of the #SeatleSupersonics now is playing #FantasyFootball win a signed Gus ball
Three shitty songs in a row.. Pandora you're slacking..
EPP will be at the Frankfurt Book Fair October 12-16. Stop by our booth!
check out cafeworkr.com. don't forget to add a couple of places that you know about
Long Island, New York Loves You!!
I am actually a really mean person... Wow.
pretty much anything with "ole" in front of it is a good call.
Why do all pits think they are lap dogs?? GET YOUR BIG ASS OFF ME!!!
So is this where those disposable uniforms come in handy?
Sleep... Where art thou?
#Curious? Why do people change once they gain power? Power measured by #Materialism Why?
my best girlfriend has an iPhone 4S now, #jealous, haha noo, i'm so glad she has :) i love you <3 :)
Can of corn into left field equals a double right now.
Gonna lay in bed and think about life. Yup. That's what I'll do. Goodnight Twitter.
Best coaches out there tonight had to be and !!
Yeah, they kinda creeped me out when they'd come toward me... and even more so when they came after me. Made me scream!
Romans 8:31b If GOD Is For Us, Who Can Be Against Us? For CHRIST'S Sake LIVE!!!
Q: How many Sound Recordists does it take to screw in a light bulb?A: WHAT?
Ahh! I love it! I want one! They're adorable! :]
Quality of Life Outcomes for Torture Survivors lecture @ Lohrfink Auditorium NOW.
What should I ask Wendy?
Colts get 2 TEs, filling a serious need. Have to think they pursue help for defensive secondary next.
Saw a great reading last night...great writing and acting...and sat near Jesse Eisenberg to boot.
That thing got turned around in a hurry, it was like he knew what pitch was coming!
whose gonna be our 400th follower?!
Chris N Teeb are in the house making new HITS!!!
World historu sucks.
Thank you :)
following you now
Another day in L.A. I get to drive on the 405 south this morning. UGH! At least I get to do it in a new 328i BMW.
“: are tickets still being sold” no there are still some left
I'm an ORIGINAL VALLEY NIGGA , NOT NO WANNA BE
rick perry's use of the word "gong" made me have flashbacks to the unknown comic, maybe he was ron paul?
We're in business you slob you!!!
The most important things in social media - Connection, Commitment & Consistency - Sandi Krakowski
tee shirts, gift certificates.
Day by day, I am taking chances... Loving you is a chance I take every day.
Just hit by a beach ball at
Use your head!!
I'm officially starting the #OccupyDogPark movement! Who's in?
i need to take a quick vacation somewhere real kinda soon maybe miami
Damn! i would've done it if you paid travel expenses.
not at all!
I will follow you Follow you wherever you may go.
Did I seriously see a tweet that said 'RT if you were a directioner before the avocados' omg whut.
YES! RT : I want to hold your ham
Once my head isnt pounding I'm going to five guys by myself with my head held high
Mr. Balloons. Mr. Balloon hands.  Yeah Right.
haha, we'll try our best! right ?! do u have any dairy/meat free yums for vegan freaks like me & ?
need moar red bull and foods
How do females work in Love Culture and they swagg still be SHITTY......
THIS…IS…JEOPARDY!!!
"Like. Comment. Share." is an #art & #socialmedia experiment by the Curatorial Practices students in AU #ArtsManagement. Join us
you're welcome. :) I love it!
Thanks Kay! See Jason- stop making fun! :)
Tell everyone, These twitter videos work! check my link out on my profile!
All need to be in lockstep! RT : successful biz must align their core goals & objectives in cross-enterprise collaboration
Capstone is gonna be a bitch without my boy . Oh well at least I'm done
I'm still laughing at what you said today......you need help.
I can't go downstairs quietly without it sounding like a traffic jam in New York. .-.
To quote on fixing her flat tire: "...and then this crackhead came to help, and by crackhead I mean he was black."
True that!
The Lobos have looked just awful since Gordon went out. He's back in but they haven't looked any better.
@[kinG Em.JAY] damn # fucked up
he went to granny house
Is Lionel Messi indeed the greatest soccer player of all time?
Embassy Row! Ready for #PassportDC tomorrow :)
dm thanks for the following. Love the bio too!
Roll Dons Roll.
Where do you stand on ? Do you see it as a way to recognize people who influence you or do you see it another way?
Thanks Hun, And Your Welcome!!!!
I need someone to come do jumping jacks on my back! #SoMuchTension :(
#HackedByMamaMahone should stay trending till Austin goes on his next break so he can see it(:
Yes! Love that Gus Johnson. Enthusiasm! RT via the Gonzaga montage?
Luckily - reading/posting on Reddit is part of my job description.
.005 hours RT : How many hours of bongos before I can legally set fire to the three jerkoffs in the park?
Planning to attend "Billion $ Programs Underway in SD"? Pt1 in am feat NAVFAC, , and cont.
Your music kept me alive through all of these years and you continue to inspire me. Your story gives me courage. Peace!
I'm just grateful I don't have a vomit story. Knock wood, Harper has only vomited once and it wasn't even at home.
yo my man! Does JR swish have a twitter? I know he used to
Worth following-KGW producer producing Live at 7 right now. We'll be doing our "It's Friday" dance soon.
When? Tomorrow : Fan of ? Listen for comedian Drew Hastings on the morning show at 6:50 and 8:50 a.m. #Ohio #comedy”
Travel tease. ;)
My father doesnt collect anything but guns.... and money. -
Always nice to talk with Mark Parabicoli of about home, auto insurance. Look for story in the June issue
Red hair dye fades out too quickly :(
bring out & !! w/ waiting for the fun to start!!!
too funny ;) had a blast. Thanks for laughs & Happy Birthday Jess!
My auto correct is buggin out in these text messages lol
Thirty and Seven!!!
how fast do you think the warped tour presales will sell?
Thanks for the #followfriday!
M a Cadbury's Cream Egg shake would be amazing.
high of 67f
It totally is a thing--Riding along, feeling tired, someone of the preferred gender passes you--Instant motivation
Ah... College football... Let's go Boise State!!!!
can we do lunch in Norcross? I know somewhere that has fabulous bloody marys!
Portland is awesome!!!
With the 24th pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Pittsburgh Steelers select David Decastro!!!!!!!!!!! Official!
Great idea! RT : I love the Jennieo turkey loafs with gravy
Thanks for sharing RT 90% of consumers trust what their peer said and <15% trust what brands says
Never allow yourself to imagine that magical transformation is just a purchase away.
I want to get a legitimate diagnosis of narcolepsy so that my friends stop making fun of me for falling asleep everywhere, all the time
Woman can be described in four things: how he decides to conflict issues, looks at the child, is calculated to part with the girl.
Aint got a napkin so I'm eatin Sunflower Seeds off my chest lol
Absolutely love getting my Yoga on at the beach. Starts in 15, who’s with me?
Who ever had the moldey cheesse in the halls i h8 you
U may not get much that far back, as most baptismal records were burned during potato famine..but try never know
Kk what's up?
There's a video. I'll share it tomorrow :)
That would be the hitters fault for not adjusting to it then wouldn't it?
Bring in a dish for the potluck tonight at 6 and you've got yourself a free pint my friend. Then stick around for Trivia at 7!
Merry Christmas to you and your family, G!
Yes lord!! “ #Aries gets irritated easily.”
Those would both be pretty sick.
EDUCAUSE Policy staff participating today in National Data Summit in DC hosted by Data Quality Campaign
Hi Rocky! When is the next time you'll be in Detroit? Love your charisma!
Checking out the new data base sergio just created it's bad ass!!!!
Because beauty isn't enough, there must be something more
It kills you to see them grow up. But I guess it would kill you quicker if they didn't. -Barbara Kingsolver
17 Jan 1775 Res. of Fairfax County Committee: This comm. do concur...that a well regulated militia…is the natural strength...of a free gov’t
what's good bro.
Congratulations to our iPad winner, David Hawes, an alumni from the School of Computing and Engineering!
Wait, that was all vegetables last night?! Uh-mazing, wifey.
hell yes.. I could use a blizzard
We got a Dwight Howard-less magic team 2nite , should be an easy w.
Free My Nig Brian
Dog, you have me dying right now.
It's double the fun with John McG. tonight! The Burlington episode of Around the Corner is at 7:30 and Brady Street is at 8:15. On MPTV 10.
Text me when you ready..if your not, why bother?
Probably gonna delete my twitter . It's so boring now D:
I wanna go to the movies but it ain't really shit to see.
we should do the fish city thing on Monday! I can't tuesday : (
yes! That's my DLo!
I'd never have guessed that an Illinois alumnus fail would decide the game.
How many as a fan, how many as an employee? RT : I think attending 11 brewer games this month is a high for me.
¡Thanks for being a part of our Taco Martes!
I was listening to the radio & I just noticed Austin doesn't come on till 9. Haha.
hah. Did that message you? I was just being an ass.
RT : 's new tactic on the pay roll tax cut: Asking what $40 can buy. Interesting to watch the #40dollars feed
Grr... Got the hiccups :L
it's all good! And I'm proud of you!!!
#monstersowntwitter duh we win cuz theres almost 12million of us!!! all hail mommy monster! woo! :) (''')(''')
Feel free to use #prsawis for today's meeting.
In Buff till tomorrow..Then heading back to Boston on Saturday..
On Friday, I'm going back to Spaulding/Grand.
Hurtin my feelings
I keep pushing myself even though I can't take it at all.
what happened?
you're mean.
Hah! That's great!
Congratulations on the movie and all your success! Haters r gonna hate but u desrve all the success you've earned!
Just when genre looked like it was taking over...:(
week of #hell commence....#gahhhh!!!
cherish what you have while you have it, before you know it.. he'll forget about you and be on to one of your close friends. #backstabber /:
Told hubby the term "Hot" came because of me...He is still laughing!
THANKFUL 2 BE HERE
American Power Yoga in Dallas,TX I love your studio and miss it very much (I moved away). The teachers and students are all so nice!
went to the batting cages this morning...with suellen; that was an interesting experience...
Hmm yep that sounds about right. Hope you're doing well, lady! :)
What's your strategy to tackle a cold summer morning?
That green glow from the west side of the city is me, jealous of your new phone.
I'm so funny man
I lost 30 followers from not tweaking for like 2 weeks smh it's good doe
Just got off work back to work in 2hrs
is enjoying the weather in L.A., finally 89F!!!
so cold in my house right now.
Now understands how video goes viral
RT 5 Thought Provoking #TED Videos About Social Media
me too! Oh, wait. I meant white polo... player.
YEAH DO IT
My major accomplishment today was unfollowing
CHI city is stupid crazy at - We need you here!
how many other colors do I have how can I kno which one to pick
Prepare. “: I invest because I want to ______.”
Noel Gallagher playing a great acoustic version of "If I Had A Gun," - bit.ly/zCTOnS. Catch him live on 3/28! Tickets at bit.ly/zWyRJp
I think you are so right
-__________- kick me if you can!!
Yum. Thank goodness they're coming to Fremont so I can sneak away for lunch now and then!
Just the way i am !!! Hahahhaha
good man. You? Is aha or jhs in the tourney?
you know you've been on Facebook too much when you want to "like" an e-mail
It depends on if I get anything or the value of what I get (related to future terms based off of inflation)
excited for packers softball game!
Bend it over, touch your toes
I'm not opposed
Celebrate life, today!
- this is cute! My daughter would love it!
Supposedly The Pokemon video games are bringing families together. So after 14 years, Japan's plan to take over The USA is finally working.
Mayor Reardon is touting our Cerner Scholars program, which gives high school students opportunities for real-world work experience.
If it turns out to be pretty much universal, then I will feel both more compassion and more hopelessness, I think. :\
Mentally I'll people are spontaneous...it's all about context!
RT : making little fixes and adjustments to the site -- making life easier for our next batch of alpha testers Woot!
how could your mum not <3 you?! youre AWESOME!! :o
This is going to be fun.
Rob Wilson checks in for the
I have a bad habit of texting back o;
Lol thats good. Mother's day is also my dad's bday so we had a big thing with the family for both :] But every1 had a nice time
Who's got a good recommendation for an iPhone/iPad stylus for sketching?
UNREAL brawl in the pittsburgh penguins/philadelphia flyers game right now.. coaches standing on the boards in a screaming match.
that happened to me at half price books the other day. chatted for 20 min with stranger about books. Fun! :)
Cocktail Museum at So glad I'm in town for this.
Thanks for supporting Fat Fancy!! Keep rockin sister!! Fat Solidarity!!
Random men telling me to smile is so annoying. I truly can't think of anything that is less effective in getting me to smile.
Enjoying Shiner Winter Cheer for
Call for real estate investors to adapt to rise of emerging markets
#NOW RIP Quint mac u will b missed so po out some liquor!!
i like this
Haha, I refuse to fax anything. I'd rather use snail mail than a fax.
Okay, off you cog.
Best wishes to you and your family - you are a mighty fine man and deserve the best.
Beyond tired and starting to feel a little sick. My bed is calling my name
Thanks for all your support Teri!!
Lemme get my azz and start this laundry and clean this damn house...
I don't care if Monday's blue; Tuesday's grey & Wednesday too. Thursday I don't care about you... It's Friday I'm in love. With
“: God knows everything about u! He's involved & cares! (The Lord will make perfect that which concerns me.) Psalm 138:8” yes!!
From my friends at UT, I hear Bruce had a heck of a social life while he was a coach. I'd kick it with him.
I'm sorry my dear. But you're up for elimination.
I had to tell u bcuz it seems like we the ones that gotta have them
dear , thank you for saving my life in class today when my hard drive crashed. forever yours, liz
I hope Gaga was worth it Montreal...I hope Gaga was worth it.
Hi, I cannot send you a direct message unless you are following me.
Psa 110:4 The LORD hath sworn, and will not repent, Thou [art] a priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek.
Sign of a true asshole? Someone who, when you follow them and you know them in real life, doesnt follow you back. Like really?
Yea, bad news is I can't even eat hardly at all right now. D:
freshman year. running away from my gym teacher. she prob still threw the dodgeball at me.
If I make a wish at 11:11 on 11/11/11 with my fingers crossed whilst knocking on wood will I win the lottery even though I don't play?
LOVE the HUMP...day! w00t
sweet just got it
tell um what to who?!
thanks for the retweet, keep up the great work
Yeah, I missed that whole rain thing.
Now following back
Congrats to KJ--WVU's Kevin Jones for winning the Big East regular season scoring and rebounding titles--a real double double!
Wow! Like all the probs caused by dental fillings!
#teamnobody is going to take over!!
I bet you are too. I can't lie
Who inspires you the most?
this day just needs to end..
He can't make his anti-gay bigotry any more clear. [-]
Never use a stovetop or an oven as a supplemental heating device. That's a big safely hazard and can be a source of toxic fumes.
We still have a couple of "key dates" available for Corporate State Fair events! Book your State Fair event today and get a great deal!!
NEWSFLASH: Bishop Harry Jackson. Fine with screwing the elderly, poor & middle class and NOT fine with equality for all? NOT Christian!
Health Coaching Opportunity: Still looking for 5 Individuals interested in becoming Health Coaches. Supplying the largest demand in the Co…
Ah, yes, the limits of Twitter seem to have skewed my message. The study guide uses art and creativity as a window into...
Environments for women offenders should be safe, supportive, and dignified.
It's over! My first midnight screening. The escalator broke down as the crowd descended. Felt dystopically fitting. Goodnight.
happy thursday!
sometimes i feel like i be asking for too much
Berkeley Cities jam
No #drunktweets tonight sorry :( tired as shit and going to bed #letsgotowork in the AM #iamthe1percent lol
Hi Lindsay, thank you for the mention, so happy you had a great time! Look forward to seeing you soon!!
TESTIMONIAL: “I enjoy your daily meals, they are varied and tasty. I recommend it to everyone. Thank you for providing this service. Your...
that's what happens when u forget ur tube sox
good job Hoya go pacers !!!
that...is...amazing! Lol
Lmao! Boy u a fool. I feel u tho. On anotha note, deez harmonies is crazy! Hit me on da cell when u get a min. Check ya DM.
Ppl are so violent today !
I'll carry you home tonight.
oh he did? I'm just sad because he will be missed on Glee you know? but either way I approve xD
I have grilled most everything - but never a carrot! Will have to try :) RT : Grilled carrots are fantastic!
our universities won't win on the EdX model: it's an int'l brand game. need to think openness beyond that zero sum.
RT : "flaymo, how many children you got?" "...I'm claimin four"
don't know about soft. But definitely not good enuf.
It's getting real
Can you handle the heat? Try our Horseradish Cocktail Sauce!
like samba?
Aww! You're very welcome! And thank you so much! I can't tell you how much I appreciate it!♥
D: really?!
Don't let a slow day get you down. If you come back empty handed in your quest for success, get up the next day and keep working.
s music
Your job is not your provision. Its just a vessel. God is still the provider!
Sunset grill is on oldies but goodies station uh...#apparentlyiamOld yikes
Heading off to the Association of Threat Assessment Professionals monthy meeting... San Diego.. see you there!!
Watch tv is not as interesting as it used to be
i finally figured out what you're talking about...who will you vote for?
Ew next year I'll be taking the AP economic tests.
R.I.P aunt Jackie !!!! I love you always!!!
She ratchet.
Late mothers day gift for myself. RT : Did you forget mom on Mother's Day? Get a last minute deal on a women's shirt
I've been told by a few people recently that I rarely Tweet anymore. I actually Tweet more, but for 18 other accounts.
In an ironic way, Facebook feels more ephemeral. It's a shame, our "better" photos are sequestered away from people
28k right now;)
#wisots moments away. Getting ready for some vague statements and lots of misinformation.
contest: I will give a stadium baseball of your choice to 1 of the first 100 people to sign up on my new facebook page: 'unforgettaballs'
Hey I don't speak french LoL. Wish I did though.
Biz op in Fort Worth! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Mt. Desert or Beals!
glad u made it ;)
How does what we think about poor people affect programs like food stamps,TANF or cash assistance?
Desiderata says it best - "do not compare yourself to those who are greater or lesser than yourself, for you will either be vain or bitter."
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity, not on other people.
Thank you! I really need a trim.
I used to watch him every weekend as he hosted 'American Bandstand': Rest In Peace, Dick Clark.
thanks for the follow interior and architectural design
-- said it was a good Madmen tonight.
I am trying to figure out how to use Twitter
Do websites really still need me to pick my region on a map before loading? Can they not figure out my language/shopping prefs by now?
Lucroy had a chance to really run Volquez's pitch count right there. #Brewers v
Taking a moment of silence for Alexander mcqueen at fashion week... With
Sure. Why not? RT : Any of my Bay Area Followers want to go to ERA on Saturday just because, and have a few drinks just because?
Steve "Snapper" Jones told me tonight that his health is improving, and he'd like to return to broadcasting.
good ur alive i was worried but i gtg for the rest of the day talk to u tomorrow(:
I am an avid fan of the Fap, which is a family nap, no matter what the Internet says
Wouldn't miss it.
haha what's the design??
tomorrow = breaking dawn = awesome
The Noah ankle tweets remind us of the chatter about a different ankle ahead of another Game 6--Curt Schilling for the Red Sox in the Bronx.
One way or another, we'll figure it out. Either option yields plenty of mischief!
Alkaline diet tip: iodized salt is highly acid forming, while sea salt is highly alkaline
When will poverty end in the US? What are you doing to end it?
Nope. Just better commercials.
Haha (: I know! Hey girl text me real quick! I have awesome news(:
You can have the good doctor, someone's gonna have to fix Jayne :-)
The final show of Hairspray is tonight :( I'm really sad it's ending :(
100:1 odds my dad ever touched a stroller RT : Father of the year nom to dude pushing his little girl in stroller with cig in hand.
always happy to meet more funk brothers!
that's old to me hahaha. Remember when I deleted it by accident and like cried? And our late night steak and shake?
Today is April Fool’s Day! What is the worst trick someone played on you on this day?
Note to Chris Satullo: I've yet to see a pitchfork-wielding condo owner at one of #PhillyCouncil's budget hearings.
RT overwhelmed right now...so excited for the fall. lots of work to come and lots to look forward to with
I love that barber shops in west Philly are open until midnight. I'm having an emergency situation on top of my head.
I just love your publication, the idea of the Inhale Man is great
is washing her teeth ;) ahahaha
Americas Got Talent has a lot of the same shit some of it is pretty cray tho
has Linkin Park blown your mind yet?
Hated it. Well brewed but I can not stand hoppy Belgian beers.
Huge win for tonight over OU!
-- I am need of a haircut!! Lookin like #Wolverine up in hurrrr
thanks for the follow
$5 Box Lunch Today: OFFICE FAVORITE - Ham, Turkey and Roast Beef. Delish!
GoodMorning starshine the earth says hello!
Just got home from shooting the new #libertytax commercial in time square.
ew sounds awful. Well if you wanna see my suite or whatever just let me know!
A/b testing dev. That's hot. But post assumes everything is properly instrumented. That would be position *really* needs
USA Today says Police Chief in Trayvon Martin case is resigning
Had PLENTY this weekend! Be careful - It's addicting! “: This Garrett's popcorn in Chicago is no joke... A great snack”
Bad dreams are overrated.
I wish my hair was longer . :c
lol good morning!
STUDIO STUDIO STUDIO.....MY HOME, MY LIFE, MY EVERYTHING AFTER GOD!
When are you gonna make your first tweet, Tot?
I should be sleep -.-
Epic dinner becomes epic lunch.
hahaha awesome movie man
life - is the most beautiful thing that God has given us. (CP)
2011.08.22 game 2 #Pirates 9 #Brewers 2 | Reversing the trend / Greinke's ERA goes up / Let's forget this one.
they were great. Very long line, many people were unable to get in
Draft day!!!
HAVE ALOT OF THESE LIL BOYS PLAYS AROUND TO MUCH
E-Rate 471 filed. The USAC server fought me, but I won.
Which rabbit was a famous female aviator? Amelia Harehart.
What you know about the Willy Bounce!?..
men on horses, bet on horses. Men on skates, bet on skates. That's why it's not the same. You don bet on the jockey
Crazy how one thing someone does can put me in a bad mood just like that.
Just had a great audition... Quick celebration and back to work!! ;-)
Yeah I put Harper on my fantasy teams. Doesn't mean I like the cocky punk.
Oh, love the Howie Day version of Africa!
Man I thought I just lost my life! (my phone)
Oops! one thing though, the link has a typo (it has a "z" instead of an "x")
you have experience with this?
You know just posting random things with hashtags so that people RT is the closest thing to arrogance and pride.
Sinatra’s record label, Reprise Records, is now owned by what major company?
I need more memory! Rendering and exporting is taking FOREVER!!!
ActiveRain is down. If you're having problems getting on, you're not alone.
we are so excited for our big night! tweet us your favorites!
I had dance practice all day so my legs are bothering me,& I think I'm over tired so I don't have the energy to get ready haha
MY SWAG IS SWAG,IS YOUR SWAG SWAG ? ;)
Making some 'Sloe Comfortable Screws' for my bro.
Thank you!!! I love printing new editions of this one - so many gorgeous color possibilities!
I'm high and drunk..goodnight..it's 5:18am (:
