HOLY BALLS.
where do you live brub?
Wayne Shorter.
Can mine be Scott Spurwink?
What do you call an alien starship that drips water? A crying saucer.
Thank you for the #FF mention!
"every lesson forms a new scar"
#Followers please #Followback I #NeedFollowers ~ sweet and #sexy or rough and hard?
2day i had my AP gov test. I finished the frqs with 30 min left and went over my answers. I ended up singing music to myself.
Sometimes our blessings are right in front of us but we block and blind ourselves from seeing them...so MOVE.. Get out YOUR way!!!
#1dcaptioncomp #1dvdforme SWAG SWAG SWAG ON LOU, NIALL'S BY THE FIRE EATING FONDUE...
For whatever reason, I can't forward mail from my iPad so I'm gonna have to do it when I get home.
Sitting @ an audition but my heart is w/someone else....
please when you get on reply to me I would love advice to do a decent job snowboarding for my first time in 2 weeks. Please!!
Rainy in S.A. Yes!
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species. --- W. Somerset Maugham, A Writer's Notebook, 1949
Officially going to concert at state college! Missing school for that shit. #Macadelic tour <3
Hey Were Following You!
ha you must be close to me I'm in cambridge
You need to send me an email on our business account. I'll see what we can do to support.
nugget!!! I'll be home tomorrow night and then we can reunite! Xoxo
makes me feel old lol
So hot! So Sexy!
impressive! I'd have to go off the grid to stay off my iPhone.
That's pretty amazing
What the...how do you pull trans-gender and homosexual people out of a conversation about the racial inequalities of African-Americans? ....
ohmygosh of course YOU would think that lmao
RT : , chef behind Bourbon Steak , hosts #wine dinner 3/27 in #Aventura. John Tanasychuk blog,...
Chances are if you talk to me today, it's only going to result in you getting your feelings hurt.
This is the best #pcardorientation I've ever not attended.
thank you!
lol i bet niall or liam
Put those new years resolutions in action! $45 for 3 30 minute PowerPlate Personal Training Sessions at Balance ($150 value)
I love Dream Chasers!!!! Go get what's yours!
Kobe just told Blake lets go. Here comes the fourth quarter come back!!
he gon throw up deuces like everything's cool doe?? Oh okay Sammy.
Haha thank you so much! And thank you for taking the time to listen!
i love you can you please follow me ? <3
Well Natalie, I guess it #suckstosuck ):
But I like staying in the west coast, baby. Come out here!! :)
Hey Phil! How are you?!
makes sense! Lol I hope you feel better :)
You need a password to access the occupy dc wifi. Hahahahaha.
hey can yue follow me plz and i will love if yue guys did yue guys are so important too me oh and !
question about media use among younger children. pew does not do research with those under the age of 12.
I wish would write back to me =,(
Turns out she just wanted her cheese cut into smaller bites. She has been calling me Sara all day, and finds it hilarious (it is).
Four Corners of the World TONIGHT Welcome guests and emcee Bob Herzog from ! Happy to have you on campus tonight.
I wanna kiss in rain ^__^
Admins learn that it's a matter of perspective... Half full or half empty glass?
Married Life
new Cd = tour
Shout out to my new follower!!! :)
he ended up in the streets of Saltillo.His stories continued for some time,the ceremony was over but I decided to stay a bit longer with him
This project has always been about collaboration, you all have the chance to BE A PART OF THIS Just ask or
Stuck under him tonight,he fixed dinner!
Good work out with my lady...good job baby!!!
That's exciting! I was checking out your website recently. You've done really well. I remember when you first started.
Lot's of good social media info from #SMisaParty panel at Dino's in Ferndale.
New topic: VA Health care system. VHA has made erratic progress over 15 years from hospital-based system to network system
Long Day, time to fill up on premium. Good night for some Woodford Reserve...
A2: We update 30-40 times/month and probably have WAY too many categories (activities, geographical, etc)
The film Dino Dan will be in the air around winter on Nick Jr. :)
If you ain't a ten, you're a 9.9 :)
well said sir
Thank you Beth! Have a great week.
Wow! Me and are almost at the same number of followers! He's got 25 and I've got 26!
hey sis :D
Dicks was entertaining as hell
can't wait to hear it so phsyced!
Surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad and focus on the good
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  7
You too, Richard!
participating in #startupriot was a blast. sign me up for next year and hit me up whenever you're in #seattle!
BAD COMPANY
Just want thank all of my followers. Glad to connect!
and some others can't leave since their baby daddy won't help them get on their feet with a child
That actually wasn't a holographic Tupac. Snoop Dogg was being visited by the first of three Christmas ghosts, who showed up way too early.
Taking smart phones to the extreme!!!!
Obama speaks on college affordability at UNC
follow me
#quaterbacksBetterThanRomo my 14month old nephew that kid has a mean a$$ throw
Now donating more. 40 Followers
Signs say "We will not comply" "Protect women's health" "ObamaCare for me 100%"
We Love Juan Direction , we sure do haha
we need to figure out our next million dollar scheme so we can start turning dreams into reality full time.
Life is too short to be allowing folks to f'@#! up for other people. We need to take a stand against hate in this country - ONCE AND FOR ALL
I've always enjoyed this line, good for everything in life: "Undercommit and Over Deliver."
- Exactly!:) Thanks for the mention!
didn't think she could love music any more than she did, then saw Son Volt w/ Cowboy Junkies tonight.
It's true. Curdled Ranch dressing really is the only ingredient required in the recipe for a personal day.
good we need to hang soon
Beyonce Is Just Too Pretty ! (: <3
It stopped raining in San Diego (finally), but it is still freezing! What is your favorite winter accessory this season?
Flavours of the Sun at the Café Mediterranean
You're just a fantasy girl in an impossible world... All I want is to be with you always
Follow ! And download stuck to the sidewalk if you haven't already
A few thousand people have posted video of their eyes twitching on YouTube.
We are getting recommendations all the way from Idaho! Thanks Heidi Rowland Estrem!! :0)
big house party for all the orphans of las vegas...and then we all go bowling at Texas station. You are welcome to join.
Just wanna curl up in a hole and die
If I can't be Kristen Wiig, I would just like to be at a taping of SNL.
Yes! came to rescue!! Thank you so much for getting word out!
Everyone owns availability, performance, quality. -
Oh hell yes. RT : Eating a hair and turd relish sandwich > listening to Nickelback
Damn I miss yo Ass.
I Just Took Me A Good Ass Nap Boa.
happy early 18 birthday!!;)
hey!, me and this other mahomie are wondering if you could help us to get #AustinIsBeautiful as a trend? <3
... you will have to post an image once the fabric is on. My wife and I are fabric enthusiasts.
Have a nice day everyone!
Good morning ! (:
Couldn't agree more - he and Ben Stiller are banned in our household.
I wished Palmer was as good as we thought he was during preseason. Sanchez is looking pretty good right now though...
"Good instincts usually tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out." ~MICHAEL BURKE Have the guts to trust your gut.
“: I couldn't have thrown that where he hit it #unreal” Absolutely unbelievable. It bit so hard right when it hit the ground.
Anna Schoeneman , nice to meet you !
OMG YES LYNETTE AND TOM ARE STAYING TOGETHER!!!!! #FavoriteCouple on
even though Scott Sherman cancelled D7 debate in Tierrasanta. Rik still met with 20+ constituents and addressed concerns!
wutz good fam can i dm you a beat?
diane medley rauner of - resilience is the secret ingredient
I aint at all jokin either. Hurricane season could really just miss New Orleans altogether with the K's.
Can't wait for the Home game tomorrow against the NY Flash. So excited
I guess it's time to learn. RT Brandie will do a webinar
Props go to my favorite cousin,
Your :30 face time about living in Durham was one of your best ones.
Yeah dude, we have met up 8 or 9 times but we finally see what each other looks like without a snow helmet & goggleson!
Somewhere between all our laughs, long talks, stupid little talks, all our jokes... I fell in love.
"The problem we have in America is that there is no sense of urgency when we look at this problem." Call to action
Sure, it's cold and all, but if I close the windows then the weather wins.
#motivation where are you???
Mercy softball (23-5) went 4-1 at the Sports Warehouse Catholic Classic in Owensboro. Jags are now 19-1 against in-state teams this season.
- Trigger hands down. TL Drum Rehab is cool sometimes, and do is Massey DTM I you want MIDI.
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 :) 7
and that would be me lol
Please contact Denise
You must be a New Country Star Subscriber to win. Check New Country Star for the Daily Trivia Question, and...
HOT OFF THE PRESS!! CINCO DE MAYO EVENT IS OFFICIAL!! SAT MAY 5HT FROM 2-8P IS WHERE YOU NEED TO BE! YOU DONT WANT TO MISS OUT!
Once you have feelings for someone, those feelings will always be there. you may not like them anymore, but you'll still care.
Lets see what the organization decides!
Don't forget, writers' workshop in Columbus, Ohio, log into the website and click "Workshop Materials" for details.
shhhhhhhh.... don't speak such blasphemy! 5pm means go home time!!!!
Are you getting snow today?
Ew this girl has lice in my class. No fucksss! 😷 🙅
hope the tonsils are good
What the what?
It makes me sad when I go into a store, and I see so many pretty clothes, BUT I can't afford it ALL.
I have called 30 times and am still calling :) <3
Rob Curley: "delighting your (web) audience is a delightful thing"
yeah i know right when they ran up to the jacuzzi i hurried up and clicked it off lmaooo
Are u in the financial district or downtown Manhattan? Try one of great lunch deals !
The smaller amount of caffeine in tea can give you enough boost to improve memory, at least for a few hours.
Singing In the Rain.
Clipps! RT : So proud of my teammates for the way they fought. Great win. And so happy for #clipnation thanks for the support!
Blue Man Group in Chitown was soo fantastic
Funny I saw a lady driving a #Toyota with a recall walker sticker.. Is Toyota supporting #wiunion now.. Think not
Loved ESPN TheMag analytics issue. It is making me regret not being at the sloan sports analytics conference.
Muting people from your timeline >>
same here. Now no aots with kevin leaving.
Getting my fill of stand-up plus improv comedy with the members of the East+Left coast Upright Citizens Brigade for
Be the change you want to see in the world.
I wouldn't mind if the tickets for the #Believetour came out next month but I would really wanna know the dates this month...
They gotta get a Ja Rule Hologram...
Shout out your favorite #hookah lounge to us!
#CookieDough Dip + #GrahamCrackers = my mom has way too much time, but man is it good!
WHAT IS HAPPENING???? THIS IS FANTASTIC.
oh ya and I'm wearin my gear too
So it's true about atheists in foxholes? RT Please baby Jesus...give Tony enough fuel to finish the Brickyard in the lead.
On this date in 1962 ‘Mashed Potato Time by Dee Dee Sharp was #1 on the charts. We <3 anything food related ;)
Every time I see something about the Yahoo! exec Scott Thompson, I immediately think of the Kids in the Hall's Scott Thompson.
ur right, that rule started cuz the 2009nfc champ.all its for is to stop the 3 play then kick for the win. TDs are king
Talking to #oomf for hours >
I bet you can't find a review of "The Hunger Games" that doesn't use the words "postapocalyptic" or "dystopia."
if only I could afford USF tuition.
Finally recovering from #flu. First thing I crave? McDs sausage biscuit and hashbrown.
houston we have a problem........
Its rainy and cold tonight ...but I'm not complainin... makes me think of fall. ;)
Don't think I'm not Instagramming a shot of booze when the Packers draft. You better be ready!
You'd be surprised at the amount of stupid shit I know.
Yeah, WAMU... we remember that..
I'm thinking about trademarking #ThirstyGirl. What the hell does that entail? Really want that TM though!
are we going to the mall today?
If you want to win at business. Slow down!! Focus!! And.... Be consistent.
About to see BEST EXOTIV MARIGOLD HOTEL. I am by far the youngest person in the theater.
Monday Apr 23 is dog day at the Bats.
ask Katie k and tarry and your self what you want to eat!
Just spoke to that "other guy" who claims he "works" there.
Gotta say the folks at #treefort are treating us extremely well. Given us pizza, smoothies, and cupcakes.
Randy moss a 49er!! It might work!
New week, fresh start...quadruple up first hand...see things are looking better already!
Salsa Hotline: 888-707-5051 for updated information on salsa clubs and lessons in Kansas CIty
The 24 Seven family is going out to celebrate a successful 2011 tonight. Cheers and thanks for all of the wonderful business & support!!
Happy Birthday to my favorite twins and Love you!
Birds of a Twitter are bad ass and Grittier.
Seeing an ex and you look cute but they don't >>>>>>>>>>>
yeah she did she awesome
i believe in the next hour! which is like 10.
Be honest, David Guetta is the nerdy guy on the metro you hope doesn't hit on you.
Damn this doesn't feel good. More work then I'm off to bed..
I feel like crap all I wanna do is sleep but I have get an audition out tonight...bo!
true. I respect what ever your actions are.
im done
"You cut me deep, and stitch me back together, with the lies coming through your teeth." - Me (one of my favorite lyrics I've wrote) <3
Listening t0 104.5 FM Cleveland and wrapping, presents that is.
WHAT AM I DOING TONITE?! #MARATHON #DEXTER ALL NIGHT :) :) :)
Landed #L'Enfant. PIERRE is parked 7th and almost closer to Independence st few step further than usual.
thanks for the follow !
Thank you for your follows new friends:
Just watched The Help, and it was exactly that in this moment.. Thanks universe! ;)
I dropped my ID in the toilet! But I wasn't about to dig that shit out so I flushed it down.
Only 11 more days to be entered to win an iPod! Entering the contest is as simple as liking our Facebook page, U.Va. Alumni Education!
Huntsman's decision to drop from the race is probably the worst birthday present I could have received. Sigh.
Just got done watching The Bodyguard again, wow..Whitney had so much talent in her acting, and singing, will miss her greatly! huhuhuhuhu...
Yikes! Let me send you someone's name in a minute. Sorry, hon.
If I don't get Believe tickets, my life would legit be over. I'm joking or exaggerating. I just need these tickets.
announcers are giving the players shit about not picking up the fumble, but they also thought it was incomplete
I haven't played spades in a long time
where have u been!? :O
watching tv and you?
Now I want wings.
In Gelman basement. Men are wheeling by cardboard boxes labeled "Kissinger Transcripts" and "Nixon." There are a lot of boxes ...
follow me i follow you how that sounds ?????
Season is prolly over for the Lakers. They will have no confidence after this.
That doesn't even make sense.
yes sir it is! You know u wish u had it.
I bet
I hate allegries making me feel bad and super tired
enjoying the spring breeze
hang in there buddy. Too much culture.
Happy Birthday to the Big Man! We're thinking about ya.
Working hard with to ensure my website is excellent! Keep an eye out for my blog! And please share what you like on the site!
#suspect RT : How can people like beer I detest the flavor.
Good to know, mine is pretty new and working for now! Thanks though
Sorry to you cant connect w/us via the online chat service. Could you please try again as there are no reported problems ^CH
.instead of baking a cake to calm my nerves, ima make some jello shots. haha
I feel like a better name for the movie Up would be: Rusty Knife Stabbed Into Your Heart And Twisted Several Times
Thank you Samantha!
Jessie J's new CD is ok, not great, but I can jam to this haha
Now gonna sit and relax and watch Finding Nemo.(:
I was stabbed with a screwdriver at work. Tis but a scratch.
Jealous! Ya'll are gonna have a blast! RT miami tickets booked.
Still going. My current distance is 4.93 miles. Current song is -
Excited for #RedWings playoff hockey starting tonight!
Hey who wants to do prophetic activations? message me
or a check with proper state issued id ;) I will bring one to lunch next week.
send me your info again - twitter deleted all my dm
Just took a nice hot bath... So
Do any special edu teachers have any tips for new teachers? Thanks in advance!
Just realized I hit 200 followers today, we will see how long that lasts though. Anyways- thanks to ALL my non-bot & non-spam followers!
Scientists found that bacteria normally found in mouths can invade heart tissue, causing dangerous & lethal endocarditis. www.closys.com
Mc Mong I am praying for you, keep smiling, Mc Mong you make me laugh every week and smile keep your head up and your heart open.
Getting a quick breakfast then to Madison to watch my #Buckeyes dominate. knows what I'm talking about.
Downton fans will love tonight’s Lovers are torn apart by WWI in Sebastian Faulk's bestseller "Birdsong". On MPTV 10 at 8.
Thursday knitting group, tonight at 6pm!
The t-shirt industry needs to be restarted. Enough affliction already.
Hi there Chan man...working w/ this week. Hope to see you soon.
Have you seen the blacked out blackboard?!
not sure man. Out of town today.
bynum cry to much...
When your team members recognize tht you're looking out for them - that you go out of your way to take care of them - they are going to be …
She give it all to her daddy, but don't know her father. See that's ironic....
Hey, #ATX ladies! Need something snazzy for a holiday party? Check us out, & consider booking next door for your makeup needs!
You’ve got to say, I think that if I keep working at this and want it badly enough I can have it. It’s called perseverance. – Lee Iacocca
a nerd lol
hello some bodyhere !
NOT too late to mail in your ballot with a YES vote 4 #oneunion #sagaftra with
": i would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief."
Fix the monster inside of me <3
Play Angels & Airwaves for the 5 o'clock drive home! Anything by AVA will do. Please and thank you ;)
Yeah, I suppose so :D (minus the hangover, like I said, too old, not "doing Vegas" like I once did)
i just followed her
All is great here. Busy with my business, kids & life in gnrl. Hence the reason I've been absent from #leadershipchat 4 so long.
I think 504? Left field side.
you gone man
Oh yes, yes yes. :D
Allow us to treat you like the Very Important Person you are!
Omg. Where?
:-) thanks for the support! RT : Kicking my AM off with a house mix by
You're the cutest thing out there !!!!
can I PLEASE meet you while your in Boca?! I would DIE! Please Boca mall? Haha
we did a scrapple waffle special, and sell it by the pound... Let me know if you want to try it.
Enjoying the GOP's ability to pick issues that enrage groups they need. First, immigration, now, birth control. Next: banning football.
We're opening up for new found glory on 9/11!!!! This show is already sold out!!!
#highschoolmemories Regionals in cross country my senior year...
Thanks for stopping out at the winery for Groovin'!
it was pretty good. It's a nice love story. Id recommend it.
My 3 year old is playing Cut The Rope, and he's kicking ass...
assorted apple devices, skeletool and copy of new "boggy creek monster" book
Zimmerman's family, who rushed to TV interviews, what, supports him in name only? Indigents live on the streets in boxes.
It's always nice to have someone in your life that makes you smile even when they're not around :) ♥
New spring break plans? Summer plans?
We are unfortunately not gonna be playing the show this Wednesday and are extremely sorry to anyone that was planning to see us. -JChuck BIA
Definitely man
School Tomorrow :c
thank you so much!
All done at
thanks for the RT, Clark!
I mean really though
Just explained to why Apollonia 6 got their name even though there were only 3 members.
I am a ninja, I literally climbed down the balcony in my panties and a bra and broken in to my house. I am ninja.
Woo! Let's HH it up again soon!RT : #FF to a rad happy hour crew -
Although I still have 5 papers to hand in by Monday 😉 ... Go Sarah 😔
Tonight's screening of MR. HULOT'S HOLIDAY will be from DVD instead of a restored 35mm print. Admission to tonight's screening will be free.
What was the hoax part of Fire in the Sky? That sounds like a stupid question.
Thank you Miami for showing me love and it is on to Washington DC for tree braids this weekend.
that sucks dude sorry to hear. Mom just texted me.
My dad made me hamburgers yummy yum
Yes! And I really hope I'm still here in September to eat some tacos.
our album is done :) playing and listening to the tracks at our party as we speak!!
love that song! And the funny thing is I hadn't heard it til I played Beatles Rock Band game. Lol. I bought Revolver after that.
Q2 Several options. Found successful Kickstarter projects. Charlotte, NC libraries had a successful "buy a brick" program.
do you hear me talking to you?
Aww your so good to your fans and you sound amazing like an angel when you sing and your so cute!!!! I love u;;;;;;;;;)
Looking forward to doing it again!
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world
why?! It was homemade with light dressing & light garlic bread!
Duchis!!! RT She couldn't pronounce Vitucci's. She is our Food Tour bus driver! Ha!
I cannot speak well enough to be unintelligible.
7:30 a.m. Hitting the gym, no excuses. I hate it, but it's the only time I can. Excited to be back in St.Louis! Who's coming to the show?
Thank you Carol!!
What a beautiful day to kick off the new year!
Year one of grad school done. Seeing my family for REAL for the first time in a while!
hoping tonight's core class won't make it hurt when I sneeze like last time....my allergies will kill me for reals
Sometimes we need a you can't do it. To get the job done!
'Are you okay?' 'NO. I'm bleeding because it's fun.'
#Goal. #Wayne #Rooney #EPL Keep hope alive.
I love my Airport Extreme, I used, had so many wifi issues before I got it and now almost all are gone.
well good morning
likewise man. How you doing?
What does editor Josh think about the eBook Explosion? Find out at this Friday.
Great find!! Thanks for sharing.
Hey guys (:
i am hungry . Lmao'
Everything is always my fuckin fault... But. U knw wat I'm done can't keep going back and forth....
I love seeing the city flooded with Black and Orange. Everybody turnt up.
I think I started following you 2 cause of a San Antonio Spurs mention at some point....your tweets are hilarious
yup, she filed for bankruptcy. So everything is on sale this month.
If I'm getting ...better believe my team getting it
well deserved. ;)
I hope I didn't offend anyone in that tweet lol, sorry y'all
Orientation for this weekend and next weekend. I'm excited to be a part of the volunteer team!
I was just sharing a story but thanks for your input.
it was fine you did a great job keeping us updated on the score and time
thanks kris ... was in the office quite awhile handling the media storm but i did manage to make it out for a celebratory beverage!
We understand that every home buyer has unique situations and needs. As a result, we have numerous programs available to fit every buyer
Hahahahah! I'm assuming that from all your responses it's a shoe buffer or a sex toy..... you win nothing have a good day :)
Thanks, I enjoyed working on the project and love working with all of you at the !
There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain.
this political season is going to mean mega profits for the tv industry.maybe as much as a couple billion spent.find where business is going
somebody please tell me they saw christina aguilera's nasty big ass on the voice w/the big nasty #shartstain in the ass of her dress?
Movies, movies and more movies. #treeoflife (wtf). #Oneday and #7days. And now a doc on
: Online #poker enthusiasts are demanding legislation & won't go away or give up. Please markup the Online Poker Act.
hey there
Need dog care recommendations for Fed Hill!
bak at ya.
After spending a wk sewing, folding, & dying fabric & paper at Haystack, Eva Hesse is really inspiring! The neurons continue to fire...
In Transitu => In passing, on the way
Can you feel me breathing down your neck? You're just a perfect little human wreck
I think my cat may be an alcoholic. Little dude is always zipping around and crashing into things like a drunken midget.
thank you!
I heart
Concentrate on building a business that creates value before adding debt.
RT : From the "Titles of Blog Posts That I Will Never Write But Think About A Lot" files: Codependency and the Modern Librarian
I'm afraid to grow up because sometime It seems like things will never feel this beautiful again....
Packing up a set for you now! Send too?
fun times today chatting with about Haverford, curating, and how 60 word labels make 350 word sidebars seem long.
In Athens. Full day today seeing the historical and some shopping sites. Turns out the Acropolis is really unbelievable.
Thanks! We hit the studio for our second song this Sunday
Lost my voice at concert.
Haha, no elliptical... sorry!
"I hate my cat"
Looking for a job? Do you have 1-2 yrs of PPC experience? is hiring! DM me for details.
Sweet the Morels are starting to sprout in the backyard again! Last year we harvested plenty!
Athena Chase- Reporting for duty=) <3
Happy Friday indeed. Just selected for the Mad Men Premiere Party. , get ready to unleash your inner Joan!
I'd love to see a pic of the shadow boxes!! They sound awesome!! :-)
Lmfao! :'D "Thanks for knocking me up, soon-to-be-father ;)" :'D
It is beyond irony to have Jeffery Toobin comment, with outrage, concerning John Edward's fathering a child out of wedlock!
is enjoying prezi.com making our #marketing department dizzy with his presentations this morning! #cooltool Check it out
last in there divisions # Bearsstillsuck
On the U-T Poll, we'll have a big package in tomorrow's paper that breaks down the numbers, head-to-head match-ups, etc.
Currently at black label society and judas priest what metal was meant to be
ok. Got it.
"put a sock on my cock and call me C" famous quote from
lolol well at least you got the papers served and you don't have to go back and hit that web again.
offer #5 on our uptown condo
OMG REALLY.?
Locks of love was perfect! I'm so proud to have been part of and help with such a fantastic cause❤Everyone looked so cute with short hair!😊
i could do w/out beyonce and just go with hugh!
That's one of the benefits of being brown. I don't have to worry about being out in the sun. Lol.
- you had just been bat mitzvahed #lasttimeknickswonaplayoffgame #sigh ....
Cause everybody go
what's w ? $21.88? George Wallace?
Do people really throw rocks at things that shine? Can't say I ever have
CD Release Party FRIDAY at ! Its gonna be nuts!
Got a query from a reporter looking to do story on small houses and apts less than 2100 sq ft. Does 2000 sq ft constitute small these days?
Removals – Everything You Need To Know To Get The Advantage ...
Just found my phone!!
Researching about best design pattern to keep data sync'd b/w iphone core data and server side db.
Yes. Your lips must be moist. Also, short fingernails help for the half-notes.
I want a car...i am going to get a car..i am going to get the things in life i want end of story..
Keep tweets,100 or less & RT's will follow let's c if it works.
Since when is UFC on Fox run on radio. CBS owned Washington DC sports station is carrying fights live...
SOMEBODY is wearing his cranky pants
love Matthews as well. 3rd round?
Apparently, I can't record 2 programs and watch a 3rd at the same time. My son says: "You're expecting too much from a crappy cable box."
Only us bro. Hating on the skanky sister missionaries of new jersey. ugh
Next likemind Chicago is next Friday, January 16 at Spa Cafe in the Loop!
Why don't people come to Florida ( cough cough sneeze N N cough cough)
Welcome to my #VINTAGE world, new items being listed this week ;)
Someone start a petition against James Lankford, no redheads in congress! :)
caught my little one sleeping with her face paint still on from the fair! too cute :)
Honk wars in the morning >
#TextMsgsThatMakeYouHappy I cleaned it so it don't stank nomo
I wish studying was easier. Or that I was back in high school.. So simple then.
Wait, Lamar is now leaving #Dallas? Lovely that I'm getting my sports info from E! News.
Yeah! The semester ends as suddenly as it starts! I have 2 wks of committee purgatory left!
cool, what grade are you in?
Steadfast or dead last: // Spring promises adrift like // Autumn's blowing leaves
thanks boo. Haha, you already know.
Thanks for following us! Be sure to check out on twitter also!
Real men don't need the eagles.
Amen, amen.
The Egg Doesn't Fall Far From The Ovary.
It's super dark out! If you're awake and in San Diego, I'm in studio at NBC for a 6:15 a.m. hit. Turn on the telly! Channel 7!
ready for #amarillo?
all day everyday.
I knew that was gonna happen though. At least he talked byyyyke. Lmao
lmao! Been looking for a new spot!
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.Anthony Robbins
Tacos for dinner
Welp. That was fun.
At Caribou with Cassidy and Kelly! I love my snowdrift!
Pulp can move, baby!
Contrary to what you may have been told, we think lunch is the most important meal of the day ;) head over let us cook something up for you
im not sure .. what does she do.. where does she live?
HEADS UP! will talk to at 3PM ET - will he address HIS opinion on #GayMarriage? Don't know! Tune in!
Valuable companies aren't the 1st or 2nd movers. They are the last -- most success is captured after many decades
I'm drowning out the thunder and lightning with Its working.
I got it off a song. Plus u corny anyway. Corny recognize Corny
Massage Therapy comes under the heading of Alternative Medicine.
back at you :)
That's progress of a sort.
We are all here for support! " - i've been working so hard this week to get in shape!! want and need to lose 80-90ish pounds!"
Well, so far I have no idea what is going on today.
they still will
..... YOU'RE supposed to come see ME. Remember? Smh. is gonna beat you too.
nun nun, just chyllen, you?
RT "Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." ~ Mahatma Gandhi
I had heard about this and didn't have time to participate
Three Seattle police officers have asked the Supreme Court to sign off on their use of a Taser on a pregnant woman in a traffic ticket case.
Trend analysis - the intersection between science and design. Science is cool again
Hunger Games Film comes out this!!! OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!! Movie will be epic
heard you made a big move...how's is it going? - DM me
flow colder than february with extraordinary swag.
Mimosas at work? Don't mind if I do.
Time to go Downtown to celebrate..........Goodnight Tweets!!!!!~~~~God Bless!!
Get with Pill RT Brandon Crawford's first hit last season was a grand slam. His first hit of 2012 is a two-run double. Slacker.
You know, the third best way...
oh don't be silly. You're putting yourself down now. You're just as pretty as anyone else, and you WILL find a boyfriend.
don't we already know what works?
Gettin ready to go to the TYLER MALL while im lifted off that GOOD!!! FOLLOW ME !!! if u smoke weed !!!! ps. D.O.E THE SQUAD TAKIN OVER !
yup I got filled in. I glad I missed all that. I hate that he lost fans 
LOL I don't know. LOL kidding! Anybody but the HEAT works for me.
Blah time to write a paper!!!xP
On adapter #3 myself. FYI they only fall under a 90 day warranty.
RT : No vision.Lack of ambition..so whack!
Our program is on forensic science and homicide scene reconstruction. Not a typical program for us.
Let's have a party and learn socially together! I'll bring the margaritas!
Longtime NBA consultant Chris Ekstrand said he's looking forward to seeing Jordan Taylor improvise and play in the open floor.
I was at the Neptune last night; great show! I didn't get to the mic for Q&A but was wondering if a white hole has been observed?
It all came off as 2 dimensional predictable stereo typing to me.
The word tween is unacceptable to use in a sentence or pretty much in any format
Lab then cleaning the old apt later tonight
I had Gel in my belly button, weird I found out when I got home lol
How did you like Skyline? I have not had any in a decade.
I dispise some people tht unfollow me because im doing something im acctually not doing..! I hate the person who spamed me first..!
Urban economy at work: a guy looking for scrap metal showed up and is hauling away our old dryer.
I had one great one, then he left. The other was very nice, but was, like, "whatever." And marketing...pfft.
I should really do my homework xP
I have had 4 glasses of wine already...aaannnd its only 7:30. Oh boy.
La Dispute. >
One pic of those tits would get me off for a month :)
RT : Yeah, Mark Halperin - Obama doesn't want to say he's for gay marriage cuz he might lose Iowa. (eye rolling icon)
It's no good
How do we know what the interest areas will be in future generations? don't we have responsibility to preserve all knowledge not jst popular
still not as sure thing as Trent Richardson. He's more of playmakers hands down. Those late picks mean nothing when you have 13
tweeting one direction lyrics makes not studying for finals worth it
I agree. We have to start the reform now.
#Spurs beat the #Clippers in 90.8% of simulations which is actually lower than the translated betting odds.
You act like everything you do is okay.. when really its far from okay .
YO CHRIS BROWN DO YOU KNOW HOW HOT THE FLAME OF A BLOW TORCH IS ? WELL JUST ASK UR CD'S SNAPP CRACKLE MELT DOWN ...
Coples to the Jets 
nice {brackets}
definitely a bug ;)
I guess ill b fixing some burgers & hash browns b4 church, yes hash browns nstead of fries,lol!!!!
NWAACC men’s basketball: Shoreline 38, Lower Columbia 32.................HALFTIME
we had a great time, thanks again!
I think I am getting an iPhone tonight!!
im a tranny
RT : The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life. George Carlin
Representative Jeb Hensarling loves to violate the CAN-SPAM act. Reactionary freak will NOT stop sending me emails.
's up little buddy?! ☺
Thanks for bringing me to the twitterverse!
#EBSCO reports that their databases will be down for at least two more hours for all #Library subscribers.
Ever wonder what the heck a life coach is?
AGCH Library now has first 8 issues of Moreshet: Journal for the Study of the Holocaust and Antisemitism, published in Israel.
so i have the absolute best internet connection you can have and own3d.tv's replays are lagging so bad.... trash
I want you to look at me like you've never looked at anyone else. I want you to look at me like I have something other girls don't.
It's still misleading. You should give the total number of "campuses" in the U.S. if you do that.
i do too
#Capricorn MB guy of the day: Roc Royal
get out and enjoy the sun! hey look, the 4sq url is my last name.
2 Days til im back home in the
I need to kick my own ass soon. Been in a slump lazy fest and eating irresponsibly. Keep me update on the paleo though!
Yo! What's your honest take on the "Notorios" flick? I'm dien' to know your opinion.
One more!
Girls who roll blunts >
weird races & ?! You know I love both :)
If I read or hear one more tidbit about the "royal wedding", something is going to get broken!!
Where there is no vision, there is no hope. ~ George Washington Carver
#RandomRedSox Reggie Jefferson
I feel so stupid, I know what was confusing me now, but I feel bad that I got them confused :(
Really?Mahomies,beliebers and Directioners are fighting?were all fangirls,we all share love for something special.GETOVERIT.love everyone<3
he's here, who's runnin' hell? - four year strong
no, but I'll check it out. Thank you!
I wrote 2 out of the required 5-6 pages of my cubism paper and still got a B. I think that makes me particularly awesome.
Bossy neighbor thinks she owns bldg, not just her unit. Get her a hat: when Castro dies, she can step in.
FINALS HERE YOU COME GIRL! THEN you and will have to battle it out ;) God is good!
90's hip hop station on slacker is still the best.
I didn't c it yet ill try to c it asap
Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.
State tests today,tomorrow and Thursday #noo 😨
I seriously cannot watch the - My day dreaming about going on the show is out of control!
So blissfully content. And sleepy! Such a full weekend of fresh air, friends And good food. Couldn't ask for more.
Nice Chardonnay = Cupcake Vineyards!
what it do tho shawty, found anyone better than me yet...
Scandal Sheet: Zac Efron Hit By Twitter Hoax - National Post (blog)
Thank you for looking! Glad you enjoy the art work.
Whats been up Young Gunn?
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Mentadent Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
lol hit me up then! ;)
We second the rec!
Don't fuck with me when Im sleep pendejo !
Boooooooi isn't she amazing:)! Did you see 's video?
lol fat ass
God damn fuckin ppl n this house stfu and do somethin with yaself
I don't just sing in my car. I PERFORM in my car. I'm bout to start charging the pedestrians.
Ha! ": Stick a QR code on it! (a la Portlandia) #pla12"
okay im crying now are u crying 8)
shit mine 2! i thought i was da only person in memphis that mess wit common lol
you might have a spirit in your house. The previous owner of our home committed suicide, so wehave strange activity here
And when lebron shoot this 3 u know its goin in
Doin it and doin it and doin it well.
Was only a few yards from , and i fist pumped, great DJ!
Mike Smith > Jon Quick ....
Chuck is stupid mane
If you do not know how to make money online, just put a question to the related forums and you will learn how to.
ready to get practice over wit
Want to win an ipad2? Help us gain followers!!! RT and Follow
you got this boo!! Love and prayers are always coming your way! ❤😜
Im great! how are you?(:
Hey Chica! Thx for checkin out my video! I actually booked a gig, so I wont be in class tonight
Hey twitter followers..... sorry stuff has been goin on nd that is y i havent been on but im back lol :)
Tune in to Fox19 on Thursday morning 8:15am as our Chef Owen Maass and Marble Hill Provisions will be demonstrating a few holiday recipes.
Hey, look at that! All the tests passed when I commented out the ones that fail. Time to go get a drink!
Love that place, and it's in my hood!
hell yea
The Sopranos❤ 🔫
New R&B mix coming soon
Were here!
larry brown always looking to teach
oh my god hope you ate lots!!!!!
I am beautiful inside and out <3 I am fearfully and wonderfully made by an Awesome God :)
I really hate when ppl tell me stuff I Don't care abt whatsoever.
A great Mayor
Cotto gave Mayweather his toughest fight, and it still was unanimous. Floyd can't be beat.
Beastie Boys- No Sleep Til Brooklyn was just on Love that song! RIP MCA
Good Morning
Im pretty sure reptar hates physics
I love you
#idontunderstandwhy Eddie Murphy starting singing...
It is. Thanks so much for reading!
thanks for the follow! Im sure your goldies are amazing :)
Curious on your E-Discovery Reports
MuchoMilwaukee.com has supported the SOPA blackout for several months. Or maybe we're just too lazy to blog.
shut up. You come to CLT all the time, and don't come see me...I love you though :)
Loving it!
ah so excited cant wait for it to start!
One of the last nights coming up for 50% off dinner at The Clifton Inn on this Monday and Tuesday. Call 434 971 1800 for reservations.
whatever, I'm getting cheese fries.
Wow. If you aren't watching Case Histories on Mystery you don't have enough sleuthing in your diet.
Blessed is the name of The LORD. Music is My Ministry.
was in AZ w/the fam. Heading home now. You??
You blasphemer!
THAT WAS THE BEST TWO DAY CLASS TRIP EVER OMG BUT IM GLAD TO BE HOME :)
I AM SO BUYING TICKETS FOR MICHAEL FRANTI. Well, maybe, hopefully.. We'll see. BUT HOW DID I NOT KNOW HE'S COMING TO ALASKA?
The only Sparty clip we get in One Shining Moment is Kearney balling like a kid on the bench?
. is such a nice guy, he will RT anything you ask. Please RT.
we go together like chinese food and chocolate puding, lets face it...
have you seen that video??
is voting still open? Did you win? Me, having health issues once again.
Of course. I got sick before Vegas, before Nashville, why should my vacation to NC be any damn different?!
I am planning on attending AGW 2011 as well. I hope to meet you & Maybe we can get on our site
Be smarter, faster, more social. RT : If you just answered and apologized, you'd be making progress
Good Luck to Future #SECsoftball Schools & tonight during #NCAA Selection Show on
A son is a son till he gets a wife; a daughter is a daughter for the rest of her life.
Holy crap!!!
I was MIA.
UrgiCare in Brook Park is a joke. These people move slower then molasses up hill in the middle on Janurary in Antartica
sounds amazing!
One time my Android phone (mytouch 4g) unexpectedly reset while I was watching porn. Right before my money shot...I was so pissed
thanks for everyones support...... i really appreciate it MORE WORK TO COME!!!!
What about restoring America's defenses against poverty, inequality, discrimination, jobs moving overseas, etc.?
Bitch better have my money
will be in occupation beginning tomorrow:
thanks for the news. i was just worried about my dogs.
Oh nothing. Just reading #dronesummit and covering all my windows with trash bags
I'm praying for her , stay strong <3
Thanks... glad WOM has been so successful for you - spread the word... agreed! word of mouth has been HUGE for us!
"PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie" www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ Assistant Director Candice Irion, Associate Producer Scott Mollette
nah add me Mrs.Morales2793
Tried to teach my dog to cook today but she acted like she was "never going to need this information."
getting you to follow us. which probably won't happen...
like who?
Headache STILL.. UGH!!!!
Heat having psychological meltdown right now
im always better without a man at my side.
I've always been the single friend tho ha
Ugh! The tedious process of removing the piece you've accidentally dropped in the wrong slot while playing Connect Four.
Hey guys, thinks I should join a sorority. Me? Lmfao, okay ;)
I do love rhymes they make for the best of times! I bet you anything closet witch that you have broom in there as well!
": waddup homie" just in math class adding up numbers to 100
we got your graduation announcement in the mail yesterday! You look gorgeous! Wish we could be there. love ya!
I WANT THIS IISH FOREVER MAN
Seriously, that little twerp needs a lesson! However he dies, I hope Sansa gets a few punches in first.
I know I'm late on this tweet but as we said, the Killing had a great debut.Looking forward to Sunday
TRUTH!>>: When one door closes, another one opens, but the hallways can be a bitch. ~ Darla LeDoux
Selling my drake ticket for 400!
Actions speak louder than words so believe what you see and forget what you heard.
aw. you guys are cot.
man... saw a woman driving an NSX today. So badass xD
RT : What types of patents may my social sector organization file and who can file for a #patent? Ask LawForChange:...
i can tell you what her last album smelled like.
Ok people if you are fat enough to require 2 seats on the subway have the courtesy to NOT ride during rush hour, or stand ur fat ass up!
I feel a lil bad that I embarrassed/yelled at the tourist that cut in front of me at whole foods.
Grey hair?? Uh oh.
- What's up homie, long time no talk. I have someone that wants to book you to perform here in LA. Who I talk to?
Do you need to get in shape before vacation this summer? I can help! Contact me here or at fbdindy.com
no i still could, i wont be able to kill it like i use to
can't wait to watch your fight vs. Jose ! Wish it was in Vegas . Glad its your time you deserve the title shot!!
I have two big travel mugs full at least...and there are about 2+ cups that fit into that mug!
listening to neko case is the correct choice for facing many situations.
365 no days off. Shit I'm the reason they say hard work pays off.
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE Pay attention to details, Peoples Intentions, Sharpen your Eye
great find!
Really, really, REALLY happy that it's CHAMPAGNE THURSDAY!!!
I keep telling people the Key Word is Ask you can't make me do anything I can show you better than I can tell you ....watch & see
Begins today's Quest and I Ahab, Ishmael, Quequeg...Why didn't they use his name for the coffee shop chain?
whatever part of your mind that says margarita go in that direction
oh ok we gotta hang out 1 night drinks or something
Another panel on the dome was ruptured. This time it was on purpose.
Only certain gigs will pay you $$$ and give you publicity. Don't lose a gig for one or the other.
Still can't get into twitter I think it's kind of impersonal. What do you think?
RT : Yay, we can use our Brushes app #iPad #apple I hope they also find a way to draw onscreen in Illustrator with bezier curves!
well you missed out on the rock star that performed.
So excited for #PutYourHeartsUp! I love you Ariana!!:]♡
Sorry if I emailed you more than once to join me on StumbleUpon.com is was not on purpose
10 days till Christmas...Oh my
hey where will you be the 25th and 26th? Or any thing cool going on?!
my dagonne smoke detector kept going off from my t-burgers even after I changed the batteries. So I couldn't focus. Ugh
What?! They don't understand the magic Sabrina the Teenage Witch holds!! I grew up with that show.
Thanks for the RTs gentlemen!
no problem! honered to be your first follow!
Just saw this. Thanks for visiting us the other night.
She say she onna mission so I wont waste her time
Had great convo with Vegas BFF. Always a good time!!!!!!
when's that?! Need noodles now!!!
Oh its back. "I was just informed we shook the locks off the table." It's that loud.
Follow me and watch out for my music
We will pick the winner of the Yamaha Guitars LL6 today! Good luck to all who entered.
whatever-______- you always think about him.
yup, well we've all been there. Dunno or we could go to the west village?
RT : If ur opinion is based on erroneous info or lies, your opinion has no value. U have the right to have it, but its worthless.
#wcphilly Direct Advertising is fixed revenue ($$$/month from an advertiser.)
Scramble Friday
she is the best. gg
Avoid it, do not travel on it; turn from it and go on your way. Proverbs 4:15
I want a room w an entire mattress floor and 100 pillows.
Truth. I always win.
Good time for a bathroom break!
WHY MUST YOU DO THIS TO US CHILDREN
What a fun night last night was!! So happy to see old friends! At the airport heading to New Orleans to start a new adventure!!!
My Hawaiian luau wedding reception countdown concludes...the party in Michigan is today!
I couldn't have said it better myself.
Thanks for the follow, Elvin. Love your conscientious tweets.
I love RT : While you grab a breakfast bar we're talkin' BACON with !!!! She's in town this weekend...
this is why Clifford always freaked me out as a child. Ruined lives and homes.
“: I can open your eyes, take you wonder by wonder over sideways and under on a magic carpet ride. –Aladdin”
ew no way
Congrats! Looks like a great conference
is my hero :)
Just because a vendor's product is certified doesn't mean it's going to be a best fit for hospital's workflow -K Harding
I know a that needs his/her beak bent. Contact a buffr'! #beastmode # beak2cock
most awesome dude ever. Needs the good, the bad and the ugly theme though.
Hi all, Nate here, your friendly Health IT geek! Sorry I'm tardy!
u watch the voice?
#flipclass I make most of my vids, but I have former students make on occasion.
Can somebody keep me updated on the Pacers - Heat game?!
It's something out there better.
Okay, the temporary storage is added. Plesk says we are only using 13.5GB of our 30GB available...
Getting excited for 's store opening tonight in #LakeForest! Join us from 6-9p for light bites, cocktails and 15% off!
Austin Mahone is like the straw to my berry <3
Thanks to for hosting & this morning in their beautiful auditorium.
#SchoolMemories at our senior assembly End Of The Road was playing. Boys = *cries & hugs* IMMA MISS YOU BRUH! -- Girls: *facepalm* LOLOL
Magic Johnson makes me so happy! He was always one of my fav all time NBA players, now Im stoked about Dodgers baseball!
Just seen preview of your new movie. I can not wait to see it. looks great
Looking for someone's shoulder to rest my head on
My legs are so orange.
My first day of work was great! Got hung up on alot but all in all it was pretty good lol
I'm dragon.
I am just saddened by attacks on her integrity. Whoever decided this (D or R) was going to get slaughtered. It's too bad.
you make it seem like said this
They come in periodically to check on me. "Wake up Junior!".
Never ever take life too seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyhow.
who is ur boyfriend? And what is ur draw something username
Free tickets to Scratched Up starting next week.
He has a daughter. And yes.
Way to go macie for caring about sports!
Captian Tryouts friday ! ^.^
Hope everyone has a wonderful Saturday! If your running in a race, good luck!
Bro, why is it that there's a helicopter with its search light over Kendal like every night?
One nice thing about watching live TV on TiVo while dealing with stomach flu: trips to vomit=more pause time=fast forwarding FTW
#Facebook takes ALL your phone #s from your cell. Deleted my iPhone app. Wow, F**k them. If I didn't need it for biz I'd delete my account.
worst thing i've read today regarding Suggs (this was NOT said by me) - Junior Seau has a better shot at coming back in 2012 than Suggs does
...And the other link for obvious reasons.
OJ is the best medicine
I'm here :) lol
ugh I hate that. My eyes are tired right now but my body doesn't feel tired. It's weird.
. wants me to meet him at the comer. I guess he's hooking again.
When i think about you, i think about 17 :)
RT : The police will never find your body...as attractive as I do.
I really wish you could select someone and make them unfollow you.
you should feel lucky you got two beautiful HARD working girls :p
Just finished my taxes. Shall I go to the nearest bar for a few rounds, or work out my angst at the gym...? ;(
my BFF Regina from BK is partying and LUVN It!! Plz Tell Her Happy Birthday!!
stealing kids' lucky charms for charity?
i just saw a wild kitty walking by i wish i could take it home
Oh boy can't get my car window to come up!
Is there a poll going on somewhere for tonight's movie? #SupernaturalParty BTW Devour was awesome last time, thanks for hosting!
I can see why, it's a powerful and moving truth.
Thanks for the tweet on Winterball. Its going to be a fun and cold game!
no love for Tom Green and the Swedish in todays mailbag?!
Ion Even Know You, Fall Back
Habs heavy on The Franchise. LIVE Team990
UK/Canadian Spartan "Simon Thunder the Rock -n- Roll Savior" is enjoying Montreal&New England; there is lovely scenery&people.Next week Nyc!
you know the equation!!
Thank you for the #FF ! Cheers to the weekend!
Whhooooooooooooooo that was funny
which one is in charge? Dallas.? That's “: Tom actually reminds of Soda Pop “
Shoving make up sponges down my throat.
Lovely evening on the porch, sipping a new concoction of 4 Gin 4 grapefruit juice 1 St. Germain Elderflower liqueur. Oh, and the flag is up!
saw you in a YouTube video for Irish heavy metal. #iareimpressed you rock man
Wisconsin are you ready for warm sunny weather? Hit "Like" if you are ready!
It's easy to point fingers. But it's time for us grown-ups to "grow up" and teach our kids right from wrong.
Good boy.
We are to help the poor, the weak and the homeless. We are to give them a voice.
Post it notes, daytimer, outlook? What do you use for your time management tool?
I'd forgotten how Windows-centric the #techcomm world is. Quite different from the #UX world
I can't wait for Thursday! I know it's going to be a blast!
The Annual College of Medicine Art Show starts tomorrow! Pics to come...
Ugh I hate having growing pains! Cause I never fuckin grow!
Has anyone seen Beyonce's new music video? She is so FIERCE!
Best Deals In Town!!! Wall To Wall Installation.... Special Financing Avail 6mo/12mo/18mo/24mo (W.A.C)...
lol in the city
scrub free since '13
We took a poll on this during today’s webinar... more respondents said customers now want VALUE over features and benefits
I'd love to!
Ba-dum-bum! RT : Walker must have hired Kathy Nickolaus to recount the job numbers
Thank You Earica !
HA! I've been watching you Zumba dancer girl! =D Getting you and together would be filmmakers dream! =D
RT : Greetings from
No word on whether Sheik Mansour will behead the entire Manchester City XI, but sources say he is inquiring about its legality.
hey tweeters spring break !!!!!!!!
Broadway veteran Rosena M Hill is Sarah! Get tickets now to see her in TOYMAKER, then catch her in The Tin Pan Alley Rag, closing Sunday!
You go to the gym to develop body, but in the process you also develop mind and spirit. if you feel good then baby work that as!
he almosted cost boston the game twice! with his mouthguard
Thanks for the RT and for answering my Q's about the Auto Summit!
Any advice for newbie doc filmmakers?
Dont Jack got some goodass chocolate cakes :/ hmm gotta
IHOP with Mom before work. Having a wonderful morning! ALL SMILES :D
that's a bad visual silent Bob
for adoption to happen faster, ePatients need to become Activists for non-ePatients
Just did an impromptu set @ Nick's Roast Beef with
Please do me a HUGE favor and follow her >>>
great compliments!
Ha! RT : Let me guess: Tweeting Obama's alter-ego "Batman" or running a fake Wikipedia page on several Saudi superheroes?
bet it up
Watched 'Brothers Bloom'..what a terrific little movie! It was the small quirky details that made it great. You gotta try it.
new obsession Ross Lynch
I own Magic Show on vinyl. #random Wasn't it poorly received?
Rangers were doing better at even strength. Caps should pretend they are always shorthanded.
spend too much time online? spend some time @ our place, check us out! david
To improve your life you must remain teachable. You can't fix something with the same thinking that created the problem.
You are so BADASS just like the Honey Badger!! :)
Hope so, can't wait to see you in your shirt!
LOL this bitch just got excited because se was "accepted" into community college....
The “Gibraltar of the East” | Shot in the Dark
Some of the BEST young entertainers in the world to #FF 1
Thomas feels like a mosquito in a nudist colony!
Even McDonalds coffee >>>Starbucks
come over I have blankets
you can still come.
Proud of my dancers for going for it in the tap jamm! Love it!
Thanks for the mention, hun.
Happy Leap Day!
Well that went well..
I hope this means Victoria is the mother! I care way more about them than Barney and Robin/Quinn!
drinking, you?
Generally speaking, an advertisement for a product should tout at least one benefit of said product. Shockingly, some forget this concept.
Can I get a ticket to or volunteer in fashion week????
Thanks for the mention. Just now saw it.
Did you know... it took 13 yrs for TV to reach 50 million users; it took the internet less than 4... Fun fact found on my coaster at the bar
": Looking for punk bands specifically?" Punk or Rock. Thanks!
Sitting in the library with Liam because none of my friends would take me in. Writing paper for Lynne
Thanks! New and improved version coming next spring :)
Hey we follow everyone WHO follows us!
Much love to Hollywood, Giant Panda, Joe, Wil & Mosaic. Water Steet is the place to be tonight.
oh i thought you went tanning...
Driving to rehearsals! Bring on the Holidays!
@ a huge national pageant.. GLAMOUR GIRLS.. Follow my page.. Miss Alexis Todd.. Ima Pageantsuperstar!!! I want to win that pageant!!
Exactly how I study. Lmao
I know, I just feel guilty for some reason. But thank you, you make a really great point :)
Great works are not performed by strength, but by perserverance.
"How could Ohio counties called Licking and Pickaway not vote for Santorum?" -Andrew Sullivan. Heh.
you're wise and prudent. I yield to you.
Glad to be a part of a greater cause........Destroying the dreams of No-Talent hacks when I bless the mic for the Great State of Colorado!!!
Playing at Asian markets is one of our dreams RT : if only i could hear your music in asian grocery stores...
good night
one is the Samsung wireless docking station and the other is just a cheap View Sonic ;)
thanks much!
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness. Scars remind us of where we’ve been, they don't indicate where we're going.
Levon Helm's wake will be at his home in Woodstock tomorrow. He will be laid to rest on Friday, reports say, next to Rick Danko. God bless.
You're just beautiful. :)
would u follow me love??? :)
A real time date at the "art and pumpkin festival."
I am learning something about myself as a runner: I am really freaking SLOW. BUT! I ran 11 miles today. First time since 2003.
when are we going to wawasee?!?!?!?
The day after chill
Tony Vincent because he has such an incredible voice and great spirit
oh okay. yeah, we definitely won't do a scrimmage
That feeling that you get when you think everyone in your class hates you for no reason.
Bringing forth life isn't gross....its So beautiful! #Boom lol
Highlight of the three stooges: seeing Jane Lynch play a nun.
It is when you want to act childish about the whole thing and tweet about it all day. This shouldve just stayed between us
Good thing it's January
#arentyoutiredof people in your business?
I hit 10,000 tweets tonight, so I think that means I suck.
Keys to a win team presentation Tip 1: Decide who is delivering each section. Make sure each speaker knows there part.
GASPP!Why not? :(
NLC YEF Council debuts updated city platform for children-youth-families; four focus areas. 1) Opportunities to learn and grow
okay, i definitely will & you will probably see me freaking out about it on twitter too...
calling all unsigned rappers,singers,producers,dancers & POTENTIAL models email your info via "We GOT Work!"
LESS THEN 24 HOURS
Elton freaking sucks at driving, why are you driving if you've never been to NYC? I'm bout to die-_-
Gayle: Great-looking pug. Yours?
: Thank you for this information!
Just finished the nicest bowl of Shrimp Bisque at Spice.
Happy Friday everyone!! =)
That awkward moment when u answer a text out loud instead of actually textn bak lol
that's good shit right there..minus fashion shows
Make more music. It is great study music.
8th grade, having sex with all your boyfriends. And you wonder why you relationships last about 3 weeks or less. Haha what a #slut!
Thank you for the RT
In for Steph on Live We'll meet some Olympic hopefuls, plus why heroin use is on the rise. Mike Benner has a report
Future of journalism hinges on a new payment model
I think its safe to say its 45 degrees in my apartment right now. And that's being generous. Heat included? I think not.
Fear the Deer-Cheer the Beer
bff: what are you doing? me: checking out my new followers.bff: are you a cult leader? LOL obviously someone needs a twitter! :)
I bet 5 bucks on the derby. Totally worth it. Made it fun! But ya Daddy did not nose best. Ha ha
Longhorn with the family
This country is, in fact, predicated on the belief that people have the capacity and the right to mostly manage their own affairs. Sheesh.
East coast knows whats up and the secret Best digital shot and the 100th so funny
i had both hands attached to one or i couldn't hold it up. A sight worth seeing
In the studio.
fuck working, ill have my man hand me money :p
That's what happens when u play all those years and never get a ring!
So glad you were there this morning!
Where is the rainbow???!
Similarly, what are we thinking when it comes to Artemis and the whole Green Arrow group?
Poor old Bobby V inherits a garbage bullpen and Injured outfield and this is what happens....BIG trouble in Boston, poor guy
I wonder if May has it mixed up. April showers bring May flowers, not the other way around
Hi Everything is great! Nothing is cancelled. More information about the refund is coming soon!
Following me ?
Yes she was. She got flowers too. RT : Wonderful! I bet was thrilled to hear from him on Mother's Day.
Chromeo is awesome.
lol some #weller just called me
Great idea! We're looking into all kinds of new things and this is being added to the "maybe" list.
yes I kno we do
omg 8 more days till school starts cant wait lol :)
Light travels faster than speed; This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Go follow ♥
Dance studio all night.. In this thaaanggg!
you is a clown...
okay I'm still worried what my mom will say but she can fuck off
This weather is doing nothing for my mood.
#BrendyBarr Communications to manage local PR for Ringling Bros Circus and Disney on Ice. Great Job.
Kind of creepy. haha
sleeping on portraits painted as perfectly as you, why have i been given the chance to fly
SB 354 now officially dead, as we pass the deadline for Senate bill second readings in the Texas House. #txlege #gunsoncampus Not over yet!
Watching #Drive. Fantastic soundtrack. (Yes, I know I'm tardy to that party.) Ryan Gosling. Duh. J'adore. But this wig on Albert Brooks?!
so what are u doing ?? :)
When we saw Sheree's home, we didn't see any furniture. Is it true that he sleeps on airbeds but she carries expensive bags?
A UD = the judges collective decision, all 3 score it 2 rounds to 1 for Siver.
the feeling is mutual.
"Even some of my republican relatives in Wisconsin are against Walker! Democrats need to support this recall!" -Liz Conlon, Carmichael, CA
you just keep wearing you're skinny jeans and don't let your lack of melanin get you down haha
Now THAT's a recommendation if we've ever heard one!
Need German word for when two instagram pictures in your feed in a row have very similar subjects
JOB POSTING:: We have reposted our Passenger Services Reservations Manager position. Visit WorkPlace Alaska for more info. Please Retweet.
Feel like a horrible Person.was Ina bad mood and was ignoring my bf last night. Hesays it's ohkay but I still feel bad. :/ urrgg
"Oh my love you don't know what you do to me"
they took it i can't!!! and lets not call the house phone.... everyone in this house is asleep.
in due time young one
Oi vay. "All Prince George’s County Public Schools to close Monday, August 29" #Pgcps (official email; not on website yet)
The best part was when you beat the last level and it changes all the graphics to NIGHTMARE MODE.
Great time at Wildcare's 2011 Annual Gala!!!
I guess you had to shoot it on a lap?
Someone just bought me a ticket to Excision Thursday! #Epicwin xD
Apparently today was national sibling day. I'm sure there isn't a national only child day. Figures...
Or for dinner/starters: SCALLOP CEVICHE, crisp bacon, orange segments, shaved fried sweet potatoes
At the talent show last night, the Emcee said we should be "The Fighting Geese" instead of Cougars. Whatever - this is
SC's chance was hurt with the sanctions. Both teams have a chance to be really good next year.
Lmao RT : *Fire alarm* Teacher: "Okay everyone, single file please..." Me: "HELL NO, MOVE BITCH, I'M ABOUT TO DIE!
Practicing guitar and I hope to be as good as but I know that I won't ever be a great singer like him, hopefully he follows me
One the best feeling in the world getting paid to do what you love and be yourself.
Homecoming is just a week away! Join us for the SSOE Young Alumni Mixer under the tent of Solders and Sailors, Oct. 14
Thank you to everyone who followed me!!!! :D you peoplez are Awsome!!!!! Lots Of Love and Suppirt <3 x
Friend: "What's up your butt!?" Me: "It's what's NOT up my butt! :(" lol
Mobbie voting has ended :( Thank you everyone for your support!!
American History X is trending :) one of my favorite movies.
hes probably going alone to get pizza anyways lol!!
I am sad to not be on the cruise! :( Everyone there is having such a great time.
is it wrong to drink strawberry soda, or is it just bad to crave it?
I do too! I can see why loves it! It is GORGEOUS!
sage advice, thanks!
Pinnacle Entertainment Sets New Standard For Casino Rewards Program; More Cars, More Trips, More Gifts
u say ur gonna eat the family bet they taste like chicken lol
RT "Sex, Power & Speaking Truth: Anita Hill 20 Years Later," on Sat, Oct 15 in #NYC, Anita Hill to keynote!
Was there an alternate ending where he just skipped out and played 18 ?
that's cause you're awesome.
I heart scary movies. Tonight's feature film: Evil Dead II, yet. Yes, if you get the reference, you're cooler than your friends
Good look on Coheed after the break!
If you an off brand nigga then you Betta be talking ca$h boy!
open table-very useful tool, generally educated diners thoughtful reviews
Would be fun though and it's only a day. I didn't realize that. So it doesn't take up the whole weekend like normal.
:o The Devil Inside is freakin scary!
I'm not afraid to admit that I know what you are talking about.
RT : Ethan and I are trying out and it looks promising. An interesting way to manage his summer reading list.
Shaky screen giving me a headache.
is it that bad lol what's good w/ ya mixtape/album i see you in a booth in ya avi bro #Grindin ?
Woohoo!! Got my ticket to go see on April 17th at Stubb's!! \m/
hahaha it totally could be.
thankkss! I'm very good thanks. Excited for the record release and tour coming up soon!!
I know its time for me to update my profile...
Will be cool to watch a Game 6 w/ #Celtics and #Hawks. Think it ends in Boston tho
Just finish watching breaking dawn part 1.... Ah loved it
you are awesome! Thanks for two memorable days. Next time I'll do the pedaling to whole foods.
- Gotta go find Me some To wear For Class Day !.
All things are in place for tomorrow's grand opening! A great way to end my time in the #RGV!
omg u r dog is soo cuteeeeew...!!!
I miss online poker. So easy to just register! WCOOP on would have been nice to play these days...
you lucky bastard!
monitoring results from the presidential elections on npr's twitter acct
Whenever someone tells me: "This is none of your business!" I laugh quietly and think: "What a sucker. I'm not even a businessman."
Bedtime! I've become a freak, I'm actually really, really pumped for my 5am workout tomorrow AM.
#ltny checking out the session about matter mgmt and atty efficiency
thanks 4 the S/O. We do it daily for the #dmv :)
Better hair. Looks more like Kurt Cobain
Early Morn.n Real Talks: If a dude cannot change a flat tire, and call A he's not a man. If doesnt provide 4 his family he's not a man.
Hi Shawna, Why is everyone wearing black on the set?? Is everything okay?
is thinking I would have fit in well rolling with the rat pack... they had style... (at least I hope I would have fit in!)
thx for the mention
Looking for amazing food try Edens Gate in
Holy shit... great time at the Pacers Game. Heat got smashed!!!
New Tweeps! {Diggin' it} - I look fwd to connecting :)
Well, THAT got out of hand REAL fast.
Bonding time with my daddy <3
You're absolutely correct.Great memory- LOL
I can't that's why I couldn't use my moms
Baines never panics about storms, so I'm pretty sure we're all gonna fly off into a cyclone.
that was awesome for them to do that
Online registration for #sdp2p is closed. But u can still attend! Visit the website for details. www.pathsreg.org
I just hope he takes this time to go to rehab and gets the help he need.
so many reasons to tweet at you. #takeoutthetrash #dothedishes muahaha. xo.
New B Accreditation, like a boss.
We all knew it. A woman knows. hee hee
Fair enough. I'm too tired and working on my final exams. I was pointing out the endorsement by the president, but okay.
big poppa. B.I.G
Pouring rain in Charlottesville as we await the jury's sentencing recommendation for
