Quite a few things in the making. You best believe ya boy got some super crack that he's whipping up!
rock on! Thanks for your support! Got some great bands on your station.
when did he say that?
Since I'm anti-NBA, I'm going for the Caps in the East and debating between the Coyotes, Preds, and Blues in the West.
lol u should get it!!!! So we can talk :)
Homegirl who just walked by...that was such a snob move! I wouldn't talk to you!
Keep it up! Great win v ! : Thanks for the RT. BTW, told us about the great work you're doing.
I will definitely look out for them - would love to hear more about them from you. Chat soon?
Really? My g,you're gonna go diva already & this is our first rehearsal?!
Watching year one (: lol
Big news on its way! Watch our Twitter feed for some cool stuff tomorrow! We hate keeping secrets! Arrgh!
There are surveillance cameras everywhere! Trying to pick a spot for the 21st.
it was great! Thanks!
Looks like is emo because he's not emo anymore.
writing all day was so exhausting i took a nap
Hey Oprah, I will be performing on The Wendy Williams Show this Friday & would love to impress on yours! I am only 6 yrs old
Listening to 👍
thank you- any of them on Oahu?
haha i must return it to it's owner.
Haha, fire crackling. I thought it was someone typing loudly in the background.
If you're near Stanley, stop in at , I'll save you a seat, is playing
Mrnin world have a blessed day cuz if ur alive then ur blessed already
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 450
That got me thinking. I should be a responsible father and collect all the classic shows for my child to watch instead of whatever is on now
Africa's enthusiasm for technology is boosting growth. It has more than 600m mobile phone users-more than America or Europe via TheEconomist
my thoughts exactly!!!
Go for it Lance! And I trust that will give this thing a fitting number of GoPHs.
S/O to all the bitches MAD bc they man trying to talk to me !!
it's STAAR Week so you should look RockStar Fab instead!!
Come by any Express Lube location and receive $10 OFF any Full Service Oil Change when you wish an Express Lube employee a Merry Christmas.
;-) Thanks. Now go to bed!
too soon thanks
my head hurts. Kiss it to make it better? :((
- congrats! Tweet the picture
Hello Nello - thanks for the follow!
It's funny hearing campus tour guides talk about the library. Re: ILL-- "You can go online and order library books through our catalog."
Smh... NO EUROPE!!! This is me being a good friend and saying no.
so is every ones happy new year i hope every one had a safe weekend lol
that's all you can do, it will be a long process, I really feel for her
Evening librarian at your service!
WE LOVE YOU WITH ALL UOR SOULL !!! AND NOW PLEASE NOTICE ME
you kid, but we literally just postponed all of our shit for later in the week. No way I'm trying to do any PR today.
The news on my timeline about which shows are being renewed & which are being cancelled reminds of something: I no longer watch network TV.
Great inning !
Oh yeah. Can't lose Timmy.
#200followers YES! Thanks everyone :)
What gets longer when pulled, fits between a woman's boobs, inserts neatly into a hole & works best when jerked hard? answer in 5 mins
wow believe tour ALREAADY!?!?
I feel like unless we're getting Jordan Staal and Rick Nash in this deal it's not worth it. And that's not happening.
shutttup dude your dick is the size of my finger lol
gmail spam! The world has come to an end!
I cannot stand when people make me take my headphones out. It practically says, "Do Not Disturb".
wants a direwolf... right about... now!!!
On my commute I realized it's that damn song, "Somebody That I Used to Know" that caused my nightmares. Stupid song with stupid lyrics.
But what did she tell you?
I feel like a loser cuz I still havent seen the avengers!!!!(>.\)
I'm trying to figure that acronym out; what's it stand for?
Yes Thanks For Asking Love<3
"Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither." -C. S. Lewis
Shark tank rocks dude!
#miraloma i have a house that can be bought for only $500 down
I wish Steve Novick were running for mayor. He would rule with an iron hand.
Riveters vs Steel City today! Doors @ 2pm, Bout @ 3pm! Rhode Island Convention Center!!
If not stopped, another beautiful and precious life will be brutally murdered without any trace.
Aw! Come on Coach Fischer. Keep Cardwell in the game! I wanna see the 6'11" 300 pounder play.
no training this week so far, sick, sick, sick. Last week was a recovery week too.
Whose coming down for the grill out tomorrow?!
I love shopping on my own, so rejuvinating.
dude where is my wine? :)
Me too! But maybe next time! Look forward to following tweets!
I thought I sat on the remote. What the hell just happened on the oscars?
#AccordingToPalin -The worst kind of socialist is an ice cream socialist
And that's when I realized...you aren't that fucking great.
please RT for her 21st Birthday! She loves you & the Pens like crazy! We all do! Thank u & she will love it! :-)
DJ Chris Roxx Tonite at The Place!
Just waking up goodmorning
Lbt! I finally feel back at home.
I'd love to be able to speak to you about the MM Ambassador In-Chief opening. I've applied and it would be a dream job!
Check out The Shadow Children- myspace.com/shadowchildrenofficial
You use alot of hand sanitizer???
("SPEAKING VOLUMES": overheard on Bedford and South 2nd )#FEB0412 - "WE" SHOULD NOT BE USED TO DISCUSS WHAT YOUR FAVORITE TEAM'S DONE.
My caloric intake. (And maybe Peeping Tom which I was planning on watching last weekend.) RT What are you watching this weekend?
I feel you that's wassup same old good is good lol
didn't know u are a Pool fan
I was on set the last week so I already know ;)
Hey ppl go follow me and we auto follow bck
We're trying to come up with a pedagogy that promotes *real* social knowledge networking.
waiting till 2013, no date set yet :)
RT People are born. People die. MCA lived.
will you accept this 🌹? Lol don't get sucked in!
How are you man?! hope you feel better. We all miss you!
LOL I had *just* opened that article this morning to read at lunch and share with you. You win!
you're my gurrllll. Love ya boo.
독립영화같아요ㅋㅋ underground movies?? :)
"I asked my wife if she enjoys a cigarette after sex and she said, "No. One drag is enough." ~Rodney Dangerfield
not happy either mate. Shady all round
Greyhound? Last Saturday? Anybody? ttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBRKSIj2tMc&feature=youtube_gdata_player
Your like a door handle everybody uses you.
Hiking today@ Runyon Canyon!!!
great! Thanks for the info.
I havent had sugar in 15 hours. I want CAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKEEEEEE.
absolutely. it's like burning off the underbrush
I Am . You don't know how I felt about her man ! Omg I can't take it no more !!!! >:'|
Chap, I'm gonna be honest. Completely exhausted (I'm in bed as I type this). Early wake-ups, long commutes, graduations = wiped.
Wishing a Happy Birthday!
LOL I dont sleep! Us owls are nocturnal...
You should get them bright and early tomorrow morning...there were some mild computer issues, but they're resolved now! Thanks.
CC: RT 'Hunger Games' cannot be stopped
Sometimes, when you wait too long to make a decision, the opportunity passes you by. Take action!
Slum Village - Fall In Love
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 52
Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar Oh tounge kiss her on the tounge skeet skeet skeet watergun OMG becki look at her butt tunchi -Motto
Im so in love baby....I DONT CARE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY!!! *Erykah Badu voice*
#ILikedYouUntil i realized i could do way better.
Girls don't like boys, girls like cars and money.
Do not burn bridges out of spite. You might need to cross those in the future. It's not personal; It's business.
on that note we should have been guidance counselors lol
Honestly...after getting caught Cheating....does anybody ever really wanna see the Patriots win another Superbowl?
To Mrs. Taylor and Mrs. Enloe, my former math teachers: Thanks. Suddenly I'm dealing with math in the trillions.
Seriously loving this weekend 😊
good day!(: filed trip tmrw
Catching up on some fun writing tonight...I'm open to distraction, pursuing tangents as the present themselves...good times
A woman asked me about my caboose today. Whew! I <3 this modern city.
We are back. Sorry for the inconvenience.
yeah hanging at home here too cheering them on with Allie and Blade. Go Warriors!
I hate nikki minaj. With a passion.
What really sucks is when you a really awesome, but stupid idea and than someone smarter than you stops you
you bitch! That's do not #ballin'
That's good . I'm good thanks for asking. how are all the workshops going?
; Twat is the word .
I need 90 more dollars and I can order my tattoo machine kit! <3.<3
hahaha welcome back to Twitter!
You went from thick to fat
I wish there was gelato delivery..brought to you on a moped
Great night , eating great food and drinking moonshine with Thanks to and the rest of the team.
Big graduation in my house this wknd. Excited about it. Break a leg....
Jordan Classic is
yeah they will probably do what the Broncos did... When they start losing they will put him n.
In the age of chimpanzees, I was a monkey
Yes ma'am #AngelinaJolie......she so rocks! Love d dress....#BradPitt looks very suave ;)
What Is Yahoo REALLY Trying To Do With All These New Features? (YHOO) via
These bugs are overstaying their welcome. Get the fuck out of my house.
15 Current Technologies My Newborn Son Won't Use - Gizmodo
RT : Everyone is a teacher. Embrace the lesson, learn, move on to bigger and better.
Take a musical journey through time with MixMaster David, John Wayne, Juggla, and DJ Kash tonight at Sutra Lounge!
ahhballs! I hav it 5th n im trin to get it 2nd but mr.daly said it was full n then i emailed him yesterday n he never repd
Wednesday -3/9/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
Good lil workout...now about to kill this subway tho!
RT : RT : The hotter the room, the better the orgasm.
I'll tell you ONE thing tho.. God is good!
#LouisvilleHateDay is here
Good morning! Wow, what a Beautiful day! Going to spend the day in town and my beautiful corn is on it's way! Can't wait for our event! :)
I know you dont want me to leave but when i come back im all yours if you're still around... Promise
You are so spot on. Man you should graduate early since u already know, like, everything!
my moms gonna come home and see that i've been crying and she's gonna be pissed. "YOU'RE GONNA GET SICK AGAIN" she'll say.
Missouri Location: ODILE'S LINEN AND LACE, ETC 34 S. THIRD STREET., STE SAINTE GENEVIEVE MO 63670
Ok it getting late here i gotta go to bed Now it is 1:47AM night :)
I feel like I have dialup internet at my house
man u should come visit Santa Ana California
PLEASE HELP ME D: okay so what song should i sing in the talent show can be a song i've done on youtube or a new one ready GO <33333
": When boys want to have kids with ou in the future. ♥"
Dear Girls: #FACT You can lose up to 18 Lbs in 1 month using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
Me and Mrs. Jones #;)
assholes!!! I'm waiting on Allstate to refund a payment that they took out of my account twice. It's been 2 weeks!
Subway bread smell: thoroughly permeating clothes since 1965.
Nervous and excited to be starting the "Feel Good and Look Great" program w/ tonight
Love it! We should make a shopping trip to Trader Joes for some goods too!!!
Other food for thought, is there something about Ersan Ilyasova's game that actually makes him better in a condensed season?
re: hangover cures - miso soup. I swear by it!
#wegotogether like Capt. Picard and the USS Enterprise. YOU DON'T LIKE IT?! FIGHT ME THEN! -K
Im waiting patiently
you have gotten so far with everything. Its beyond amazing. Supporting you from the beginning ; to the end.<3 <3 #mahomie. ((:
well then you're gonna have to be willing to compromise
Tonights films are student productions that document oral narratives of contemporary American women!
Going through #marchmaddness withdraws today!
Check-in opens up for BarCamp Rochester, Fall 2011 in 12 hours!
yes an she's on some fucking bull shit
He truly speaks as an expert on the issue. RT: : Cicconi knows about ignoring facts.
we had a PD on it today short quick walk through snapshot of class and there are 6 levels of student engagement in learning
Working on a new way, a simpler way of doing business with our overseas clients.
welcome back to Hollywood East haha
Tomorrow, special screening of #Avengers thank you very much #Boston Herald!!!
Kansas had a chance but Kentucky is relentless. Wow no one can beat them. They must be shooting 65% from the field.
Active in our #SOT community
Welcome to Twitter Grace!
. is one of the only major journalism awards that has no entry fee. Thanks to all our supporters for making this happen.
I forget easily. He is easy to forget, I've been here just on my other account. Anyway I used him to get over 'him' ):
wrote 3 songs this week, they're a bit alternative and they have a different sound so I hope you guys will like them! x
Lol, I hope.
You're a Barbie? Ok, that's admitting you're fake. Sup doee.
There's a weekend in '77, (May I think?) that might be their best ever. Loaded setlists, tape quality is stunning
She sucked rotten eggs & can't sing worth a damn. I was disgusted. I've hated her ever since. And it tainted the song for me.
Thanks to all the Bancroft Library staff for the yummy holiday party food and drink!
Georgetown Day will be 70 degrees and sunny...start hydrating early!
Last year,I said I wanted to ask a favor of you but I didn't because you didn't win the CHAMPIONSHIP. I hope to ask you THIS YEAR
would you believe you block/spam 60 then you get 100 more trash. Lord.Hopefully the trash will get tired of adding. : (
that's what you think!
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT!
hey, uhum I know we arnt dating anymore but um BEST FRANDS?
Its hot out there, but our clean and green teams are out there doing their thing!
Adrian over here fooling
is a freak forreal I felt sorry for her but her tweets well tell it al.
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher,'cause I still turn to you.
RT : “: make sure you get the guacamole if you go to it's #thebest!” very true!!
lol shut up
:( RT both kids' lang arts teachers made prnts do grammar exercises at curric night. talked much more abt grammar than reading
Awesome, thanks for sharing! Loving all of your latest pics. Motivating me to do more shooting.
hahaha David? That's awkward
Agreed! I love it when they have captions written in, like that one does. Great time period, too!
Boy meets world at 7am #oldschool :P
Right! Lmao, I always thought you lived in New York for some reason, haha (: <3
I heard that!
": Wake up Kansas City, it's game day!!! GO #SportingKC"
The weather can be odd in Tucson this time of year. Naughton's is prepared for the last spells of heat as well as the cold temps moving in.
T-2 days till #sakefestpdx - looking forward to meeting some #sake luvers
PR nightmare RT : The Miami Marlins announced today the suspension of manager Ozzie Guillen for five games effective immediately.
Two full workouts today.
I learned how to make my hair wavy with a curling iron! finally! lol.
your Welcome <3 :)
I have major student loan debt, and I graduated from UC
and u
tiger woods -14
got the ne Pusta T mixtape n Wiz album.today is gona fly by
I agree. Felt like a Raimi trial run in hindsight. Sorta like PJ and THE FRIGHTENERS- where Death was a proto-ring wraith.
A good Halloween movie suggestion? 30 Days of Night. It's old school --more scary than gory. Vampires come out at night...
ha, I'm heading up to MINN. tmrw. I'll get them myself.
Someone PLEASE help me!!! Who heard the song before the Lakers and OKC game 1 came on?? I WILL NOT GIVE UP!!!!!!
I find it funny that Gov. Chris Christie vetoed gay marriage in New Jersey when he clearly looks like a man who enjoys eating sausages.
Are pedicures supposed to be relaxing? Because this just makes me want to kick the man in the face.
Happy Mother's Day moms
It's a challenge to swallow my sarcasm during some interviews.
Go panthers!
Thanks for the RT
#YouSoundLikeAVaginaSwag “: That means so much to me! #EmotionalSwag”
Chair-dancing at its finest... rocking out to Thievery Corporation. Marijean Jaggers Communications would appreciate this!
Thanks! Looking forward to it!
Blagh. I hate both of those things.
S/O to a beautiful woman follow ya teddybear back iight
“: Already?! I thought at 11! RT : Karaoke is bout start!!!”on our way! Already have a song picked out
,hey madison can u plzzz follow my bffl #LauraAliamia:)
The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn. ~ Emerson
Not usually.
I bet is wishing he could be enjoying his 5th semester of math like me
Cool of you to RT! Our traffic has been through the roof with Rush fans! It feels good to be able to offer this!
Slacking regarding writing, I have a few ideas but neither the time nor available fingers to do so.
Hello world! We have a question for you. What would you like to hear more about on our Twitter feed? Thanks everyone! ^SZ
oh man, "Moonrise Kingdom," eh? I didn't even know he was making a new film; it looks uber, uber good.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you talk really bad to a girl that a major bad ass attitude.
Fuck you twitter im done with you!!!
RT> : God is pleased with you. That's why it's okay to be confident in who you are.
you biiiiiiiotch! Haha just kidding can't wait ;)
I can't stay off Twitter for a minute without 8 tweets from &
just did(:
Also by like 3 Bradys and 5 Gronkowskis... Get your own ideas ppl!
Bodemeister is favored at 4-1 but has no races as a 2 year old... this should be an exciting #KentuckyDerby !!
did you ever think that maybe I'd be perfect for you and maybe you are perfect for me too, I can't deny you have my heart,
"feature the non-theatrical" - I like it!
you have your phone or is it taken away again? Lol
getting ready for my first day of work =-]
Jose Reyes still available?
I always tweet you..you never tweet me.. =\ Always makes me sad :'(
If you got money they bout that porn star lifee!
You know what comes to mind when I watch senators sitting there?
Send some my way. Lol.
As I've been getting caught up on all the work I missed last week, I still haven't seen the #GameofThrones premier!
VA-"I'll have a sausage, egg, and cheese omelet" Waitress-"Yea they all have eggs, it's an omelet!"
lol you only said that cuz I said something smh
Beyond Scared Straight: The Psychological Abuse of Children in an Effort to Make Them Not Criminals
Back to Encinitas to shoot commercial property. Used The Photographer Emphemeris iPad app to map the sun movement. Saved a lot of time.
ok I sent it.
Everybody going seems like it
lol this is true
“: "Bakon Vodka" is a brand that produces bacon flavored vodka.” 100% disgusting
The first longest yard is funny as hell :)
Responding "those who live in glass houses" to someone you don't know who wrote "your an idiot"-Queen of Assholeland overkill or not?
Thanks for following my tweets. I promise to keep them short and sweet.
Sept 10 hosting@ Script/Overview Ontourage/Pepsi event Sept. 10th 10p.m-5a.m Host- Gio Opening act- Shayna Love Headliner- Andre B.
Momentum shifting back our way?
#TreasureTuesday here we go!
I hate to admit it, but it is really QUITE nice up here in the Dornsife Crisis Room
hope you had a good day boo :)
": My best friend >>>>> <3" That better be me bitch! Lol.
If buyers need to check the US real estate box, they’re investing in NYC, DC, or maybe San Francisco.
#SPOKANE RT Hello Spokane! We out here Tryna #Function Tonight w/ & , 's #DJKentot &
97 followers! Amazing! Keep it up! And new music is in the making....in the mean time keep rockin to "Girl I Used To Know" :)
We need some more cool badass golf wear, shoes and products! Come on golf companies! Innovate and use some creativity please!
Happy birthday (:
Who lives in Cali ? What time is it over there ? :).
WOW, I just got done running 4 miles... That felt so effing good!
HAHAHAHAHA! OH MY GOSH DOUBLE DEE UP HOES! IM DOLLY PARTON!!
thank you. I hope you are well.
Subtitle: "How to Make Found Objects Look Like Genitalia"
No prob. Tweeted you as soon as I saw.
What do you want to read about in upcoming issues of #chicitizen? Send news tips and story ideas to
ORCID phase 1 will not support IDs for institutions.
Dave Hester from #StorageWars might be my favorite person on earth. YUUUUPPP
Watching the injunction hearing re: budget bill etc. Strangely compelling. Judge very good, not "activist judge"
WHY DO YOU TELL ME TO GO TO SLEEP? YOUR NOT MY MOM.
Yawn RT : There's a lot of skepticism in #yankees camp whether rivera's retirement intentions are truly irrevocable.
Bachata Festival in New York? We are still on the fence about this. Same four steps for a whole weekend? 1, 2, 3, tap... and repeat. Boring
It's #tshirtthursday! Who wants a super-cool (and super-soft) REMAN U t-shirt? Reply with 3 words that best describe
good stuff bro. you have some arrington in you
Went to a Omaha strip club last night. I never seen such fuckery. 👎
push back to maintain position (not balance) - stopped pushing when there is no resistance
Belltown food tour! Happy Saturday.
That was the worst performance I have ever seen. Thanks nicki minaj for ruining music for me.
Yup u was mad cuz I wouldn't let u play....
So am I. Is it OK if I blame your dog too?
Headed to Santa Barbara for National College Access Network meeting. Looking forward to day of learning and networking.
#ThingsIveRealized Saying you love me don't mean a thing, IM from the Show Me State.
Well I did not go a day of college so not educated in the subject .And upset that he would kill himself for any reason .
Did anyone record my performance for the talent show??
Just wanted to say hello! took over the twitter on our laptop! gotta lolve it! we are having fun at this event!
WERE IN AN AIRPORT
recommendation = buy Dare to Repair. Easy home repairs including blocked up drains
Fast, durable, scalable, easy to use, flexible, and unique
A VERY special deal! Order a 4x4" mosaic for just $150, that INCLUDES shipping! Check out my website and send me an email for details!
is gonna be good but if comes with him they will be great
“: Thank you..for your support & encouragement the past few weeks. We will keep fighting to equality & #civilunions. #coleg”
lol who's that then?
Man i love when some of my favorite great bands comes out with new amazing music!!
We will not be open Sunday July 4th and Money July 5th for the holiday.
RT : Good Parenting Tips for Mom | Parenting 101 Success: Loren Ridinger a Senior Vice President of Marketamerica.c......
u pretty smart,... Lol
ok, I'm out of the loop here... What are Chicago's hunger games areas?
Thanks and Happy #FF to you!
I'll be in 1 big room, full of bad bi$tches!!!
Um, that has to be a travel or a foul.
Morning!! RT : Good morning!!
miss my besties we are hanging out tomorrow after my dreaded finals!!!! (:
Fans of THE WOODMANS, be sure to stop by starting 3/16 to see the special exhibition featuring the work of Francesca Woodman.
I'm no longer in the area, although I'd loved to party with #NASAtweetup folks.
Brutal. Wow. That hurts.
School sucks , to much work , and it's to early in the morning .
Being perfect is overrated, so stop trying! Just be yourself. :)
Sounds like a much better field! And with less spitting!
best sabbath tune too. Also looks great carved into a pumpkin... (did that after iraq invasion)
My bad. Everyone can do what they want. It's a 100% free country.
Did you attend NBC news education nation Denver? what did you think of the discussion?
We're on honorary degrees now...
Have to go back to the stupid old routine
yea yea sure u r
the kid i like
I watched 2 backpacks get turtled.... I helped in one.. #GuiltyByAssociation :(
Three cheers for using Twitter. ;)
Experience is a Bitter Teacher But a Fool will learn in No Other School.
Excited to shoot the Sexy Balloon Fashion Show at the Houston Halloween and Party Expo, next weekend.
I'm playing Dru's Place in Memphis tomorrow with Roxie Randle and Ashley McBryde. 8 PM $5 cover. Madison ave
Don't wait for the world to change, change it youself.
wow this is why I love baseball!
Last year for the people that work for hubby I found sets of those picture coasters for 1.99 per set
I have CDO. Its like OCD but in alphabetical order.
There are worse things to be doing on a Sat. morning than sitting in a faux-Parisian cafe and reading about AACR2.
Will.i.am and Mick Jagger - wasn't expecting that combo.
Weird? Daniel, did you forget? You live in San Francisco. And you're in the Mission! ;-)
Geeking out over teacher resource site analytics. Amazing how much numbers can tell you once you understand what they mean.
Congrats and on the NBC deal. Now what about radio ?? When can we hear the games with pre and post cov on radio
the perfect cup of coffee! The dc gov one is good too but I get the sense you want to focus on something more positive
happy bake cookies day
tell me how it tastes. I haven't had one before either lol
stop looking at me weird, man, or i'll pour acid in your eyes. and it won't be owsley.
Hope it's not too late to say we ejoyed participating in the fundraising walk 2 wkends ago w Great org/cause.
People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
Second time Duck defender drops an INT. Beavers saved by roughing the passer penalty to boot.
I want to start playing basketball again. I miss being on a basketball team :'(
Music I used to listen to brings back memories :)
Heehee I will!
Dr Jekyll is playing tonight against Orlando. Who is this Knicks team???
preach it, brother!
i havnt been on Twitter in like 4 months.... wats that?
Ignorance is bliss....... On to finish work!
It's official! Today we signed a new client who designs luxury watches for men! We're developing their brand, product launch and creating a…
so true. Outside political bubble the only question I get asked is: "who should I vote for, again?"
": If you haven't been inspired by get familiar!" Thanks Kendall!
Hmm. 3 of 4 of my tweets today cover deep thoughts on death and the definition of life. An unintended theme. HAPPY SUNDAY!
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. - Tony Robbins
what? its the same person -_- her name is Alice and her twitter username is ArianaNutella. i think its the same person
What about people who are exactly 40? #WhoMe?
you can guarantee that the yinzers will be screaming from the mountaintops that it's just like the past 19 years if he does...
Damn you autocorrect! Sorry bout that last tweet/post - It's my last DAY at work this week. Hello, Thur-Friday! (at , having fun)
Tigers love pepper. They hate cinnamon.
. I'm gonna take Roma Downey's "Angel Acting 101" class. R U? I hear Della Reese will guest teach.
hahaha and I STILL think yr great :)
I actually need a primary doctor. You interested?
Any day is a good, even if it is for one minute.
Hey Wes, make western NY proud tomorrow!! Good luck man! Go Cuse'!
Saw you on AJNews. Well presented.
Exquisite Hand Crafted Ornaments Agate Slices - Australian Animal Collection Available through www.veganvision.net
Home meet tomorrow, ah yeah :)
Anything good to say about this department of AT&T? I'd like to vent but that would be so unladylike and I'll regret it.
Been relaxing on vacation.... loving life lately!!
Black people can't dance.
I'm willing to loan out my floppies for a small fee* ; p * insurance required.
basically I'm set
oh i look foward to but that means we have to hang out
It's DERBY DAY!! Come on down to the Cow and enjoy a tasty rita and a $10 sirloin as you watch the most exciting 2 minutes in sports!
Follow us on Twitter:
thanks for follow
What a book. That is easily one of my favorite books of all time. May have to include. We discussed, partly, Danticat's work.
Love it! Apparating for more Tampico! Lol. Once you master that, mind sharing the secret too? ;)
We got more Bounce in the Natti then! Seriously, where do they make dryer sheets? I should know this.
Whoa! Just heard "Tell me something good . . . " on and I immediately thought BOBBY! (in my best Whitney voice) too soon?
I think I'm gonna get the Pandora app!
it looks like my Power is Back Skip
I hear so many stories from friends that have the same experiences as you. I get jealous! Mine are vivid, just lame. Hahaha.
A hat is where it's at
Some artists do wardrobe changes, does guitar changes.
me too! we recorded it and should send the video out soon..
Somebody need to get hit lol
Second event this week I've gon to this week where someone has been proposed too I guess my life is
Just got tickets to American Reunion!! Going to dinner and a movie with
in the spirit of "J. Lo" your new nickname is "L. Mo"
don't get me wrong - show is at times still good; just seems a shadow of its former self
Senators should wear uniforms like Nascar drivers so we can identify their corporate sponsors.
I'm slightly concerned about possibility of quarantine w/ swine flu checks at every border xing. Officials don't like feverish Americans.
We're looking at dates in late February and a planning meeting soon - hope to get you involved!
Join us in celebrating National Volunteer Week 2012! How are you marking this #volunteer week?
thanks for the follow! I bet we know a lot of the same people from back east.
Hey Mary...just wanted to let you know that Sunday is the #Northcrest Tour of Homes. We'll have maps again down at the pool!
Why do people have fireworks? e.e
Going to be with my babe tonight <3
Um Blowed so it doesn't matter
I'm in the alcoholic Mafia haha
i appreciate slow movement, do you like #Yoga and #TaiChi ?
Can you believe it?! It's like 20 minutes from now!
Wishful thinking? ;)
Joseph wrote a great new tune. He played it for us last night.
We almost went with puppies. Almost.
I wonder if is coming to the NY Show
oh inside joke, huh bitch?
Cold out today. Wintaaaaah is heeeaaaahhhhhhh
thanks for sharing your notes.
I wanna go out to dinner today
..catch up + no longer rely on a cult/racial/relig. homog. which is no longer there. It is VALUES, not CHARACTERISTICS.
is having lunch at 'WichCraft after gettig out of the WWDC keynote.
Think you know someone and then you learn the real name
Our season ends this weekend with Miike's 'Ichi the Killer.' Come get your blood on!
Malpal.. I luff yew. so glad to someone that has the same taste in piercings, tattoos, and hair as me. :)
Having that teaching moment when the assignment is working, the students are self-motivated, and I'm only here as their consultant.
I am sick or have allegories but still sucks 😰
Time for a morning jog
This is a big ass club just in unison lol
D'oh! FML!
Stereo BOHH- Gym Class
Oh my god i LOVE you! Please follow me? Ur really pretty by the way. RNG thats how we do it!(:
They're so good!
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. - Thomas Dewar
I sent you an email about www.urantia.org and more. I thought you would appreciate the 5th epochal revelation and we can talk...
Right now I really want to vista my #Facebook but my mom is using it 
Random stringed instrument question: What do you do with your old guitar / bass/ cello/ violin/ etc.. strings? Trash? Art? Second life?...
Time for another #Spooks episode. Now I only wish they had cast someone w/ a decent American accent as Sarah Caulfield!!
>Quote: Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. Robert Louis Stevenson
If I wanted a yellow car I would have bought one...
one of my childhood heros.
Cranking out a batch of Northern English Brown before class today. Now I'll be officially out of fermentors.
Renew your contract with any of the 4 major wireless carriers by logging into Blastoff and visiting our Wireless page!
Watching "Two and a Half Men" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So today definitely wasnt the best day... Cant wait till the weekend
Thanks friends for liking this page WE appreciate it
good choice everytime we visit napa it is on the list
Then for the first few days of the New Year do not sweep! You don't want to sweep away any of the good luck the New Year is bringing you!
my co-worker is emailing another co-worker to see if I've gotten an interview for a job we both applied for. Just ask me. sheesh.
we got Netflix
Mom allen
Critical thinking with logic and rationale concludes tax change known as #BuffetRule is common sense to sustain the countries okay statusquo
my stomach hurts and i want to go to bed. but no i have to go to tryouts. whatevveverrr
Any Bear items?
Wow...I was there at that time. I didn't see anything where I was.
Don't waste your life worrying. Love, laugh, sing, dance, and let God handle all your burdens and worries. — Philip Arnold
the best news I've ever heard!!!
come back to Orlando you whore😥
No. Not yet . Soon though.
#elder law, SOFA, society of financial awareness,complimentary consultation upon request.
IT'S BACK, WOW, When that happen???
Idk who this bitch is. But she's fucking with my sleep. And I will snatch her weave off.
Going to carve my punkin now!
Congrats King Midas! Everything you touch turns to gold :)
I can guarantee the Lakers win more games vs. Thunder than Clippers win vs. Spurs.
Soon it was over too soon. #Fables volume 16
Seniors its about that time to start preparing for Graduation! Still looking for a DJ? Book DJ On1 for your party today Email
She ain't gonna tie me down.
Yeah I bet you need my help
'We're being slaughtered': Syrians tell observers - World news ...
Why do people ask me to "follow" them, but have absolutely nothing about themselves on their profile? Share your story to get my interest!
Darn you
Is "twitcher" ever used in the US as slang for "avid bird-watcher"? I've never heard it.
If u get spam messages from me light weight loss or career crap, sorry! its spam, didnt send it my computer does it
Things I love that men do: holding your hand in public, writing you love notes, missing the toilet and pissing on your towels.......
I'm a self professed Tile Geek that has been lucky enough to be paid for my obsession. Ck out my linked-in.
i'm pretty good, how about you?
Everyone in my family is getting iphone 4s' but me ! What is this!?!
Come out to for the Soft Opening of the second Southern Girl Desserts store. Support
Happy opening day of the 2011 season, !
its the weekend
Hey guys, sometimes people write some crazy ish on sports message boards. Seriously.
Once agin eating a late dinner #lategrind#
taxpayers are now paying for Obama's campaign bus tour as well? Yay for us!
I've been home all day and just received an email that I missed an package. I go outside, no infotag. UPS is the worst.
Laws you are my boy til the day I die son.
I meant time warner cable
American Horror Story: Horror knocks boots with Soap Opera. I shouldn't like it as much as I do. But then Jessica Lange. And then whoa.
she went there o somebody got balls lmfaoo
the sad moment that u thinking u meet was only a dream....waaah:(
Some people want diamond rings, some just want everything. But everything means nothing if I ain't got you.
Good Thursday morning, Twitterverse. And Happy Friday Eve! I don't know about y'all, but I sure am ready for the weekend!
Just starting to regain my bearings after an epic bout of food poisoning on Friday afternoon.
It's time to go crazy in a positive way, and that means letting God be God of our lives!!
Man what yall got me out the way
If u think I'm fake cool. Idgaf cause I'm real. It's pathetic how people assume stuff.
you both need to realize I don't stalk your lives....and he's coming for kiss the summer hello
Good evening Thanks for being new followers and enjoy our twinning tweets
Pour a little on the curb for me, and enjoy some Tim's Cascade salt & vinegar chips while you're at it.
ill advised re-redux: picking up the victoria's secret swim suit catalog to flip through while savoring said ice cream.
Blazers Roy has arthroscopic surgery on both knees | KATU.com -
Feel good music >
Options fimd new $ or cut spending 93% of budget is salaries of 14000 employees doing work.
NEWPROJECT! is looking for models and a MUA to shoot on Monday, November 28 in LA for a Los Angeles Print Magazine.
That was amazing RT that concludes today's session of "Everyone on the Circulator is a Freak" Join next time 4 more people I h8
Why people argue about the games???
you inspire me
www.unrealspandex.com not spam
Union teachers: 9am tomororow -- learn how to non-violent protest -- cuz we know we never taught u that
Work crush quit... Two weeks notice to find a new one.
"Memories last forever, never do they die, Friends stick together and never really say Goodbye."
Fantastic! What a thrill to hear from you!
Karaoke as family time, Fun :)
M...yes, please.
R.I.P. 98.7 Kiss FM NYC. I can't remember when you didn't exist. You'll be missed whenever I'm driving and want to listen to some radio.
Can we pass a law making it ok to hit another car when the driver is a total ass on his cellphone causing traffic? Just a little bump?
okay, this looks much better than potbelly
Scott and the kids left early this morning for a half-day fishing excursion. Wonder what's for dinner tonight? Last pm was stuffed flounder.
'paul revere' and 'sabotage' were 500 ft home runs in hip hop..on complete opposite ends of the music spectrum..those kids..game changers
me either! <3 except, maybe meeting aaaannnd
I'm glad I could make your lunch day... Are you at the Walters or BMA?
You too! Don't hit those 'roids too hard!
..hard for them, its easier to simply disenfranchise us as if we do not exist at all, because we are 'in their way'...
Tight competition between Goodwin (68 points) and Muhammad (70 points). One round to go.
The concept of "war banners" in MMOs isn't even remotely unique to Guild Wars 2. >.>
Tomorrow is the last day of school.
Why would some guy with whom I shared a mutual dislike when we worked together 7 yrs ago suddenly want to be my FB friend?
We have the last middle school concert tomorrow.
I don't give two fucks about my exes, but it seems like everyone else thinks I am suppose to?
you can follow too you know...
Alex and Jack is trending
went out on the snowmobile yesterday - Trails were good - but lakes are VERY slushy in the Minocqua area - I recommend staying off the lakes
Next round of the Asian soup tournament at Chaya! Miso soup time (and being the girl in the octopus necklace, eating octopus, time).
IF U DA SHIIIITTTT IM SEWER RICH CAME TO FAR FROM IRRELEVANCE TO BE 2ND BENCHED
Exercise of the day: Ball Dumbbell Pullover - The Ball Dumbbell Pullover provides the perfect exercise movement to work both your Chest...
Hi everyone! We're happy to join Twitter!
Happy #SuperBowl Sunday everybody! Let's got Giants!
Ultimately- it's not what happens 'out there' that upsets you- it's what happens in your mind.
Poor, poor pitiful me: These young girls won't let me be; Lord have mercy on me.
My two favorite series are on the same day. 👌🏀
Saw Santa. Petted a brain-damaged woodchuck. And exchanged the $15 block of cheese my husband bought. Fun day. :-)
Don't bend what isn't broken, or try to fix something that doesn't need fixing.
I voted yes on the merger! Vote today! and members today for
lol then he's a fool = )
Today was 1 of those days that snaps u out of auto pilot, forces u to take a step back, reexamine & hope that tomorrow will be better.
#iGetRealMadWhen I stub my toe.
Reason 24 to love the BBA: Fundraising event in the area? The BBA’s sure to give their time & support.
I need inspiration! The right inspiration is excellent motivation.
Got those optimism blues.
Oh don't get smart lol sir RT : NOT A NICK NAME....THE ACTUAL NAME LOL
While I commend your performance and that of your compatriots, please try to keep such incredible work to a minimum.
stay schemin and yellow diamonds is so loud the windows breathing
Would Love to Direct a Music Video for You! I directed 2 Time Grammy Nomine Eric Roberson on the Video "SHE". Hit me Up!
who would be the guy at #WKU I could contact to send the highlight too?
so many interesting things going on.
Why do people sound so accusatory when they ask teachers if they're enjoying the snow days?
out with my girls who wants to get in on the fun :)
Great idea RT FYI #innotech #emktg summit. You know what would be great? The speakers' Twitter handles in the program ;-)
Haha, yeah. I went to a concert this summer but I didn't get to meet any of them so I definitely want to go again.
going to be late for work, can't stop listening to power ballads.
Surveys alone do not provide a clear picture of course success or failure. Interview faculty AND get into their courses.
DUDES! IM SUPER STOKED TO SEE YOU ALL ON 3/14! WE R GONA HAVE A BLAST!
On the whole and as a species, we're doing Twitter correctly.
find something interesting in your life and tell a story about it in less than 4 mins on paper..that's a start 4 you lyrically.
Don't forget to check out "2012" which Jay Sean recorded here at KMA! Here's a clip, put together by BET, of some of the work he's done.
Issa sayslaw student at Georgetown - a Cath university, and impacted by the policy - not qualified to testify about the policy
yes! I'm making my german watch it but she is playing on her phone ):
Truth be told I miss you, truth be told I'm lyin'. When you see my face hope it gives you hell,hope it gives you hell.
In class tired af
Waddup... How u
No school tomorrow !!
Hello New York.
Home sweet home. At least for now until next week. Then it's wheels up again, and off to Cleveland!
I love class of 2013 💛
Angel,omg 💜
On Capitol Hill w/ Youth Leadership Team. Great meeting w/ Rep. Ackerman and his staff.
Im Ready To See #ASAP At Rtb, Cant Wait To Order My Tickets Satuday :DD
Skyrim won game of the year on #VGA , and Joker won character of the year. Fuck that shit. -jumps out open window-
#nowplaying off to the races - <3
Have fun - wish I could be there too!
ur food sounds good!!
What's gotten into the Washington Nationals, they have now won 6 in a row. This time overcoming a 5 - 0 deficit.
awe, shucks.
sup koo kid
Here we go! Let's #GoLakers!!!
Thanks for the mentions and RT's!
Haha Leslie is making fun of me
Pickup line of the day: Did you get those pants on sale? Because at my house they would be 100% off!
If you don't think I'm beautiful, you're wrong.
My bad lol... follow back
the theme dilemma: the theme is not actually the most important thing on your blog.
Quote of the night by "just buy a f*cking lamp!"
Bring your date to and let do most of the work for you tonight
where are you from?!
follow me, pretty please <3 (:
“: I want to know how this is cuddle weather. All rain does is make me tired, sad, and bitchy.”
... Especially freshmen.
Just finished our 1st #HealthLiteracy Train the Trainer w/ ! 10 new passionate health literacy trainers just entered the field!
Dreams Seem So Real^___^
Just watched The Avengers in IMAX 3D. I give it 10 stars out of 5!
My phone works:) I guess I haveA. Lucky phone
Congrats man!
Um, Bruce Campbell is guest starring in this episode of Hercules: The Legendary Journeys. This day/life just took a turn for the better!
hahaha wait how'd know that q was from me?
The most used word on my #TL right now: THIRST
this hazing shit at colleges has to stop. i was gonna join a sorority in college but never did after i saw how a friend was abused.
Great day! - taught 2 kids how to do their own laundry, made a great dinner, mind-mapped my new book, and received great info from my survey
FOUR auditions today, friends. All appointments too! Such a successful day. Tiring. But successful :o)
My wife had nightmares last night due to the potential suspense that "Prometheus" may contain. Hopefully she can handle IMAX 3D.
I shall be AFK until late night, so if you need me, DM me, and I'll respond much much later.
Oh no! site down! Need Fiona tkts!
You are AWESOME, RICK! Thanks for sharing your quotes with us... and thanks for YOUR RTs:) Have a lovely Sunday!...
WooHoo...it's about time lady! Enjoy! :)
yo ass wrong for not resopnding
if all the casting directors switched bodies with the homeless for just ONE day, i might start getting noticed in this city :)
#46. i love the color blue
somebody come slide on me and my brogod
can we be serious?
I miss my friends and to my boyfriiend !!!!!
just had rehearsal for a public reading coming up in a couple of weeks. Check out the details at www.appetitetheatre.com!
I'm built for more. I can take it.
Great to see the guys with beers in their hands helping Phil look for his ball.
I'm up, haven't gone to bed yet. And the answer is the winnipeg blue bombers of course.
#WheniWasYounger, I used to think one of the golden girls was a boy O.O
Rolling Stones museum opens in German town
Getting ready for the Impossible 19th Century : ghosts, electricity, speculative fiction, and Father Mapple!
tPB has it right. Penguins needed to add at deadline. Prices were steep, yes, but, we need 2 veteran Dmen and a backup. Plus a crash/bang F.
Well, you miss seeing anyone at Blockbuster LOL. Cinci is good, I'll be back this weekend, so you better be at church!
Why choose 4M for your insurance needs? Simple. Because we work for you, not for the insurance company. Don't sign anything till you call 4M
I'm so sorry!!! That's awful!
RT : Grey's Anatomy is the greatest show ever.
Check out my exclusive hit single "Pocket Full Of Money" /youngbravo1 Meeting with two A&Rs next week!
your four square tweets are getting excessive. #superuser status? Really? Haha
Whoo hoo! My favorite #DWTS couple this season is safe! Yay! And they know who they are! Now if my 2nd favorite couple is safe, whoo hoo 2!
15 years since B.I.G died, another event that makes me feel old. I believe I was in Europe, getting ready for Bosnia.
LPA Video tour is a great idea, one we've been thinking about for a while. Hope to make it happen in the new year!
Making pizzelles with the whole family :)
Hey, I lost my voice the first time in my life. Cool, cold.
Olympian talks about her snowboarding failures! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
Really craving a "good" agua de horchata.
aw did you dedicate that to me? You're so sweet Liban ! lol
Wait we're in a relationship but you didnt even say goodbye not even a hug what kind of bf does that! #NoLie smfh
Right up my alley: Social's Role in TV Buying.
so much going around today about consumer spending for the holidays. Customer service is going to be key.
I say it's a krakken.
shut up hater and get ya life!!!!!! hahahah luv ya <3
It's icy and I was on the road. I love 4x4s!
Sometimes i cant sleep cuz im worried about what Abby from Dance Moms is up to. Any advice?
he should be starstruck by you!
haha WHORE?! whatchuu talkin bout B I T C H<3 haha I do love you, I do.
Why are all the artist now involved in some type of scandal
Reading 'Don't Blink' by Patterson/Roughan. They really keep a story moving and sucking me in.
Out of 371728639193 people, I'm completely content with just 1 friend. 1 soul, 1 friendship that I know is true & can count on.
“: Bout to knock my second final out at 530 ! Lets go.”
Minor injuries and no power for Lamar & Wiley after 2-3 tornados touchdown overnight. At least 7 building damaged or destroyed.
i refuse to let anyone make a fool of me
Is a luxury caviar spread a good gift to send someone with impeccable taste?
. when did VAN become a verb? As in "I don't Facebook, but I VAN them?"
In fact, every time I see it, I throw my fist around wildly just to see how much of the snowstorm I can punch.
Working on songs for the EP and the new full length album soon. Everything is taking a lot longer than I planned but that's okay it...
A little bummed as I realize the role in "Title of Show" that I fit best is... Susan. Wah wah.
When you are looking for a lover to solve your problems, that is the biggest problem of all.
ooh!! There ya go! I love a drastic change. Do it!
Don't forget to visit the Hot Singles Nomination Party tonight at Ibiza to nominate yourself, or a friend, for our annual singles issue.
Four hour drive to see my sister (: yay!
Rock on JB...
I can't wait until you guys decide to team up and fight crime.
Hosting the Justin Bieber album playback.. Scooter just played me the drake track. Yeah dem next level ones...
IF YOU FOLLOW ILL FOLLOW YOU BACK!!!!!!
it was a complement to 's success! My bad!
did you you know that starships are meant to fly? agrees with nicki minaj.
#dtc354 every time i read about "temporal" in regards to pervasive games I have to go back and reread what it means. what is it again?
Pilates is a safe and highly effective way to stretch, strengthen & streamline your body w/out building bulk or stressing your joints.
What you want? Country.. lol
Thanks for the follow :)
Sorry for you. Getting the same thing. I just smile and node.
OMG I LOVE YOUR ACTING. ESPECIALLY IN WILD CHILD. LOVE YOU. PLEASE FOLLOW. <3
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the women who are single parents and getting the job done.
tired, but up
Mr. President, you're STILL not hearing what the people you were elected to SERVE are saying! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
4 Year old little boys these days lol......
Went to #Subway today didn't know it was #FreeCookieDay and didnt receive or even get offered a free cookie!!!
Is it a good story? I'm a former Milwaukeean.
just having my amazing lunch lol
Good morning :)
let me know when
Hey Nick! You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!!
that does not deserve respect, sorry. She makes this fan base look like absolute trash. No need for it...
#FF Big thanks to Artists/ Visitors/ Curators for #LikeArt & other current shows here:
Nice one blake , you still a bitch tho
The sunshine has broken out in Rock Hill and it is so glorious! Full on beauty! The Creator ~ showing off His handiwork again! Love it!
Thanks to all who came out last night, the patio was packed day to night! Today we open at 10am for brunch and stay open all night
the vitamix is the most important tool in my kitchen!
"I quit playing beer pong when I turned 30." Congrats on your first #TPRism Many more to come...
can u follow me so i can dm? Its personal
yeah! it's pretty good even though they massacre some Beatles songs
Maybe Carroll spaced it wrong, and its "big new spending for the mets..."?
Definitely. Had to deal with a terrible zone.
Me: "I might have a fling." : "Does he have a beard?" Me: "Is that a real question?"
Can't help you there. I'm the king of fingerprints. I can turn matte glossy, it's disgusting.
You need to be on modern family in a recurring or major role. They don't have any blacks on the show!
RT There's a Open University vid - do you know how many miles your bottle of water traveled? #watertweets <- we'll check it out!
Zarletti is closed tonight. We are hosting a private dinner party.
Thanks for the mention my friend. Have a Happy Thursday!
God-fearing vegetables RULE!!! Kids... if you eat your veggies you're a murderer...
The girl next to me in this mtg better stop click clacking away on her blackberry or I'm gonna throw it across the room
i may not see you but in my heart theres allways a picture of you.
Spend the 1st day of Spring here!
Commission votes to retain the firms of Morrison and Forrester and Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher for any post map litigation.
Grimulerrraaaa FRESH POTS!!!!!!
looking for a designer for the next shirt. hit me up!
trying to register my car &i didn't bring all the paperwork i needed "/
Just got done watching lock out and that movie sucked the biggest donkey Dick ever !!!!
bet u wish u were watching #bsg!
Just kidding i just like you as a friend
I'm sexy and I know it!!
Aw thanks for the RT!
May the lights of Hanukkah usher in a better world for all humankind.
My friend is in love and that makes me really happy.
I am an Epic burger judge! Let me know if you need volunteers!
I guess my shaking is working?
too many things on #tv tonight
Who would believe you did meth? I'm sure you're not THAT cheap. (;
#Replace1DSongsWithNandos that's what makes Nando's beautiful
Everybody go followw my Louisiana boyy, :) he is a amazing singerr, & we r both from LA, pretty awesomme, :) <3
great minds think alike!
So i decided that i wantd to go to sleep early cause im reallyreallyreally tired & ihave camp tomorrow, but then my ex decides to textme -_-
Happy birthday Jesus
Have a safe trip back Thank you so much for visiting the museum yesterday. We are lucky to have you as our friend.
If he doesnt make you priority sure as hell dont let him make you just an option.
the line up is pretty good this year
Taking Fridah to the American Girl store today. She is very excited. Loving the look on her face.
Is thinking of the days when Soul Glo would have been a true fad...
Whoa, that's weird. O.o
give me some VIP ill rock them lol
and then in San Fran you got Anchor, 21st Amendment, Speakeasy
Hey, I can't ALWAYS be expected to be at the top of my game..
Love my 👩 mom's cooking !! Always good to visit home! 🏠 !!
": Remember that every end is also a beginning."
All lanes close I-64 East Bound just west of exit 167 (Oilville Road/rt. 671) Drivers should exit at 159/ Gum Spring and use RT 250 East.
Thank you Nancy for your efforts in equality. You're appreciated!
God im horny i need to fuck
Ugh I don't want to work
I am Winterhawk fan, but even I can appreciate the wonderful season and job Cal did this year.
This summer makes our third year.
U tall drank of water U! ;-) Thanks for coming to GA! U were/are
chick corea - return to forever.
TODAYBIS FRIDAY 13th FIRST OF THIS YR.....SO I BEN HAVN BAD LUCK BFO DIS BITCH CAME ALONG!!!!!
Oh. LOL. Do they not sell it in your area?
#FF <~~~~follow this beautiful lady :D
You need me to copy the info I sent you in an email and paste it into Word doc and attach it to an email to send to you again? What?!
you're welcome, L!
We would love to feature you in our men's section of our new women mag !!! Have a good day!
Can I have a hug?
Stimulate your mind
me too! it's the best meal of the year for sure.
Another beautiful winter day in Chicago: horizontal sleet and snow, patches of ice everywhere, back to freezing freaking cold. Ugh!
You know you bad !
A day without sunshine is like, . . . you know, night
haha I laugh..I did nothing to you&im don't know you so there's no reason for you to hate on me.
Maxwell Drew Johnson... what kind of fool would name their daughter this? Oh, Jessica Simpson.
& the push to specialze does'nt pan out either. One of my rejections basically said nobody cares abt Scottish Enlightenment Sorry Im dpressd
Game day for my team is tomorrow--today's the no-pads walkthrough. #GREgetsitdone RT : Game day. Let's do work.
Whew! Now I have that dog-in-the-snow smell.......
come back!
Listening to speak and explaining how his cochlea implant works-fascinating!
What about the trivia winner?
That is so great. Hope you all have an amazing stay and thx for introducing your peeps to Kimpton. We love new friends!
I'd go see them if Dr. Dre and Snopp Dogg toured with 3D Tupac. , make it happen.
I had a cheeseburger and nuggets from wendy for breakfast... Lmao#BIG GIRL TWEET...LOL
So happy you could come!
Is this where we meet for the USA Women's Soccer Team Bandwagon?
My Top 6 Favorite Live Funk/Soul Bands Of All-Time: 1). The Bar-Kays 2). Cameo 3). Lakeside 4). Slave 5). Rick James 6). Con-Funk-Shun
oomf told me next year we're breaking up .. thanks for the heads up ^.^
“ "When the Devil thought he won when Jesus was in Hell, he celebrated.... "
nothing much. Just bored haha
follow back? :).
LETS GO!!
Time for
don't know how I feel about the Bitchin Kitchen host. Her accent has toned down a lot since ep 1, but still needs work... :/
One time for the
Up early!
Wow, thxs! MT : “: /Bob really enjoyed #green #energy” More #EV drive, listening!
I know he just picked texans pat afc champ game
#NP Perfect cover by Austin Mahone
#SometimesIWonder why I never get retweeted...
thanks for calling me tan girl
sorry you got the boot mama
Really a bear at McDonalds? Isnt it usually a clown?
When I ask you to listen to a song, it`s because the lyrics mean everything I`m trying to say to you.
I got spam fro u lol
This is why a 16 has never beat a 1.
Looking for great places to hang out in the Belltown area of Seattle. Anyone have any ideas?
Jackson Browne and Rob Wasserman just performed "You Know The night"...the full 15 minute version. Now The Flaming Lips...
so hysterical lmfao. when they go over there I'm sure she's gonna tell you about it lol
really.... really o.o REALLY... okay :'D
um, I don't think that is the avatar to which I am accustomed, and I've made my thoughts on the subject clear in my bio
I been saying damn you Miami all week.
#sleepy Tomorrow travel to #Warsaw, another #funeral. It's killing me.. God why?
M. Cafe Istanbul. Oh so delicious!
this is u! Haha RT : What starts with P and ends with ORN? Popcorn you pervert....
google the word "askew" and watch what happens
you had to hear how I said it. I mean like I thought so! I thought it was Madonna
Tebow...I'm convinced. Go Broncs!
guilty as charges! I tweet for both, is that double dipping, haha! ~LE
Take-away from Bill Keller
The vision started from a universal branded debit card, say KOHL'S cards discounts, One Card for all stores, but works individual campaigns!
AdMob will be hosting drinks after dinner in the Kasbah Suite #1 tonight. The suite is just east of where cocktails were last night
agreed regarding the ending to ME2 - the 2nd part of a Trilogy always ends with a bucket of lame. But yes, still awesome.
There are some people that make you feel like family and those that reall are. She's both to me #FollowFriday (via )
If you can't forget the past, think more into your future.
"When preparation meets opportunity, you have Success!" Coach Herb Brooks (1980 USA Olympic Hockey Team-Gold Medal)
it still haunts me to this day of what was in that bag
"death before Jack Johnson." -
But trolling and sick minds go hand in hand. I don't have time for such people or entities. :)
Male Player = Female Hoe
so cool! Loved talking to you
I miss you too jai ! I think u should come back and visit all off ur friends :)
AMAZING! is STILL going strong !!! 12 o clock here we come
I UNDERSTAND THAT PEOPLE ARE BUYING FRIENDS & FOLLOWERS... I WON'T KNOCK THE HUSTLE... BUT IS IT REALLY THAT SERIOUS??? ;-\
Fucked up my wrist...got into it wit my dad nd now I can't find my id so no school for me today..... *frowns face*
#Insanity Sundays just got a little bit crazier- we're bringing #P90X into the mix! Check out all the madness each week at 10am!
Good morning New Orleans. It's time to meet brought to you from
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan. There was never a recorded Wendy before.
Today is my two-year anniversary at The Warhol Museum.
Bad witness? I can
U.S.A, the state of missouri:)
“: My relationship is like an iPad. I don’t have an iPad.”
"She dont like dark niggas" Sounds like something i should write about
Makin eggs & bacon for & I
thank you for sharing our deal!
Nothing to do tonight...
ag!! im trying to call u!! can u meet me and sara at eliot by 8 por favor??
busy day tomorrow an tired as heck right now
no problem! :)
Perfect day for a BBQ - 78 degrees out today in Houston. These winters are tough.
April fools?
that beat is hot I was writing some stuff to it
Great reception to celebrate your new office. Thanks for all the fantastic work to prep NYC kids for tomorrows opportunities!
tonight's prediction?
Thank you so much for the RT!
hahahaa!! I've done that before, no worries!!
Reading the Godfather...geez
HEY MAL....Hope the BEAUTIFUL LADY has a BEAUTIFUL DAY in France.....!!
31 hours to the biggest celebration of #DCtheatre all year... the Helen Hayes Awards! Follow the fun at
Good morning everyone (good morning mentions please )
I haven't seen that one maybe I should
#nowwatching Mary Mary on :D
Leavin on a jet plane....I don't konw when I'll be back again..leavin... on a j.....
as in the stupid hoe best friend ? Or my legit best friend
Don't let the joysponge ruin a good idea.
Sundresses are great for the summer. You get a nice even tan on your shoulders, etc. Just not appropriate for work.
One more day of vacation, one more day of crappy coffee. I miss my
So the top story in CT is...a stolen puppy. But it was almost 1000 bucks. Still, must be a slow day in the news.
It's gonna take me a life to get me away from you
and your my fuckin best friend i love you!!
Buying some prezzies at the Recoleta fair
Yes it has lol and I am alive!
Tick you are the true Avenger of evil, even if you are not in the movie.
When you whisper in my ear the cutes things that lights up my face with a smile >>>>>>
Today Game Was Interesting…10+
I ate Sushi for the first time...look at me being all adventurous!
Whoever does the next #libday. Just use that tweet...
#replacebandnameswithboner Cold Boner
Good seeing you yesterday bro... Let's keep in touch!!! Don't forget to send those masters too when you get a chance!!!
Listening to at
The fall colors are definitely popping. Great ride back north from Illinois today. Beautiful day!
- Welcome! Thanks for following! I have to check out your bakery someday! Happy Easter! Robin Lynch Aerialist
We have a winner RT ": So...Facebook has a bad product that generates $4bn. That's bc of scale."
this is why im hot =D
How about a windchill of -2?
Gonna play some basketball..need to blow off some steam.
nice!!!! (although you're on here enough, so you definitely deserve it)!
Grim RT : Cousins drafted to be Mr. August and traded in a couple years.
Omfg "my strange addiction" is so fucking weird! Those ppl need help!!!! serious help!
Catch me in that tinted Caddy with a bitch from Cincinnati.
RT : You can't get a lot done when you only work on the days you feel good!! Keep grinding..
Montana was replaced with the league MVP. How is that similar?
Moving cody into the apartment today! Big thanks to Whitehorn and
RT : Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it-Dwight Eisenhow
As crude as it sounds, that'll be a great trick for my next backpacking trip. Thanks!
big surprise the GOP news network (FOX NEWS) poll has mccain as 82% winner - while every other news outlet has obama at 60% or better
you need a big game from DREW!
you've got a face for a smile you know A shame you waste it when you're breaking me slowly But I've got a world of chances for you
So where are people staying for the conference? ?
My birthday was yesterday, so can I get a 'happy late birthday' tweet? It would mean a lot to me!!(:
Haha! If I had to choose 2 celebs it would be Miley and Demi or Demi and Carly haha ;)
Girlfriend Girlfriend, I can be ur girlfriend. I can be your girlfriend until the fucking world ends.♥
After 8 years I'm ready to say goodbye RT : no more mini?!
I usually recommend Sunday dinner, check out Third Ward Cafe for a great Italian meal.
Rock the Red tomorrow night!!! Celebrate the CAPS making the playoffs tomorrow night !!! S/O to !!
#WeAreNotCoolBecause because I said so..and that's the way it is
i can tell spring break is going to be great...nothing to do feels awesome!
Please turn on Modern Family
Just met the fascinating woman
I had this great idea earlier and was going to craft a stellar tweet about it. I lost it. I feel like Kinsey on Madmen, season 3. Anyone?
Don't miss Dancing Earth at the National Hispanic Cultural Center tonight and tomorrow. Why yes, I will be playing.
Not bad. The adults were caricatures while the kids were fully realized. Refreshing. not a bad monster movie at all.
I only have 4 styles of hair extensions
i only have to go to school 9 more days..
& the Voice. T^T
OMG!! finally woke up(:
heck yes
WOW! You need to be on this call 646-519-5860 Code: 64630#
Just the opposite...it makes me want to Creative Commons-ify everything. Stealing is harder when you already gave it away.
And at what age will you start writing screenplays?
The production of the show was great. He really puts on a full show. I saw him in Miami, Jacksonville and Orlando.
Don't believe everything a lawn guy tells you
#BrandCOS Doug Price says: People in Colorado Springs are tired of being branded by the national media. We want to go on the offense.
#villain. bring them in, show them the truth
The people are really what make Ball State special - will miss you seniors!
I'm gonna die on this ride..
Ohio Beauty Institute Change Your Career in Less Than 1 Year at the Aveda Beauty Institute!
I didn't realize that part... Makes the 'did [he] have a great time' a no brainer...
I can't believe is missing this...
Hey I sent u that email
Security Recruitment services
thanks lady
Over it and done
wired 3 cups of coffee and I couldn't sleep if I wanted to.
RIP MCA. So sad.
Lazy afternoon...Uggh, somebody wake me up!
Hope you enjoyed the video Susan!
not yet. i know im taking a chance but i may not
frustrated by folks' unwillingness to do what's needed for work... if you want it work for it. don't EXPECT & do nothing! I'm trying to help
it was an HONOR to drive home today
#wtfwasyouthinking with that bad ass english! it should be "WERE"
Took a class in college, just now getting back into it!
Less vs. Fewer. Learn the difference advertising copywriters.
Michael Jackson's kids look EXACTLY like him. Spitting image, am I right?
What's with e-edition? Why should print subscribers have 2 pay extra? Use the New Yorker model & offer it to us for free!
artichokes for breakfast :) yum!
Every time I hire bloggers I receive 90% irrelevant pitches. Please tailor your pitch to the posting. Don't waste my time and patience.
thank you. Just reading it in the LLE systems operations manual lol
happy mothers day to my mom and all the moms out there! I dont know where I'd be without her
Welcome to your new home Birk. So happy to have you here in Baltimore. You will love it.
What's everyone doing after Whitney's funeral? I'm going to be performing with Ladies & Gentlemen at 7pm! Special guest: Günther.
worst day of my life....
btw this isnt my account luz made it and me,mindy and her share it;)
Am I good enough for my crush?
Boy meets world marathon...Yup!
Thank you for the hit
I #DVR everything that I watch now. I don't do commercials.
amazing night =]
you sure
how have you been
Ah. Well. Go your team
#RETWEET FOR A #S/O
US will invest in Bengal, says Mamata
I will but am really go n out ther to do music
Anyone else think the #DCdelegates #DNC ballot is a hot mess? There will so many DQ'ed ballots. Plus it's gonna rain. It will be a mess!
is grateful that #UW puts spare tires in their fleet cars. Now, how about a lug wrench?
one day & ill be driving to wisconsin
cleanin my room and blasting the music :)
If I hear the phrase "wheelhouse" one more f'n time
Of Course :L
they were saying last night that St. Louis was closer to KY than ATL 👎
George Hill scored last 9 pts for Pacers.
lol I'm trying
claims he is still a hockey player after winning the
Joking; pointing out that you'll need tax breaks like big developers RT : I never make campaign contributions.
Every breath, Every hour has come to this, One step closer.
I could live a happy and fulfilling life off of cheez its and sweet tea
I could Never stay Mad at You
Love and Lust; dont confuse the two.
ellie is so unattractive
playing Spec Ops the line demo i realized is the kevin bacon of the nerd universe.linked to many games& epic toons!
Most people give up without realizing they almost made it, you've gotten this far so don't give up!!
Thank you so much for the RT! Glad you enjoyed the content
Chicago, you were great.
Right back 'atcha! #FF Follow to stay up to date with great advice, research, and offerings from EDUCAUSE!
now following this kiddo>>>>>
RT : An “amazing” view of Santiago Calatrava’s addition to the Milwaukee Art Museum, ... ZAGAT
i need to find some more mahomies to follow :)
How much of an adjustment has the NFL been for Tyrell, particularly now that he returns kicks? He had 1 kick return at NU.
#TwitterPause i'll be back in a moment :)
On a brighter note I have never felt more clean. Best shower ever
The only other people to knife a guy in his first term were fictional pariahs that put someone in a coma
thanks for willing the score to 2-0...even if it was for only 38 seconds! Bring on the Devils!
I love the hats! And I love old lady dresses! Just wondering why? Why both old lady dress and big hats but no make-up? Only allwd 2 out of3?
": Dear Parents, You should be nice to your kids, were the ones who choose which nursing home you go into."
for a moment I thought I'd see a pic of the 2 fat ladies adding more butter :)
check your DMs!!
Won't be at red rooster tonight due to cold
If you have to learn to pick yourself up by the bootstraps, you better have some nice biceps when you're done
at least you have a great golf outfit!
the person who actually does the crime on law & order is usually a weirdo, a nerd, or a serial killer.
