Children grow faster in the spring.
In my system it just says Call Me Maybe Remix. I'll try and find out more haha -
Days away now...Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva! Are you ready Chicago?
The new junior boys is great white noise. I've been listening for 20 mins and haven't noticed yet.
nice Engel post...I think my pal has a crush. :-)
I'm 36 weeks but already dilated to 2/50%effaced, lost the plug, & was up all night w/ contractions the night before last.
Sorry, Portia. Incredibly busy week at work. Hope you are doing well, my friend. Thanks for the nice words.
yep, but I'm not much of a rubyist. You?
race you to the pch!!
i love you more..
hahahahahahahahahaha. That was unbelievable
oh thanks for the heads up!
That's what I'm talking about boy. EL TORO is back.
cool! We gotta go early for donuts! When should we meet?
2700 per person you kidding me? Wow. What about Orlando CEO lol. Just curious the cost on that.
Dean Mandel is a great spokesperson for libraries
So I am thinking of doing a Show tomorrow night. What are your thoughts??? Haven't done a show since mid February.
When I am married we will have to dance at least 3 times a week.Slow or fast...the know how I like it.: )
Going to school tomorrow, even though It's for 1st period and then we go home.
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice. - Bill Cosby
I HATE BEING LATE! >.<
impressive. Your work is great!
Thanks for following guys, hopefully we will be meeting in the near future!! www.reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers
are you playing a show in minneapolis?
I don't think so... It said some more gonna come out later this year
Who's next for the legendary kill list no icon is safe!!
I figured.
Getting ready to board the plane back to Oakland. Cactus League's been GREAT this year. I'll upload the pics from the T3i soon!
Great day today... thank you hydrobikers! See you this weekend!
Any chance of you getting a job closer to home with the 99.5/104.3 mashup?
already on da road off to vol 6!! make sure to visit the booth!
I agree with 's Brauff, I don't recommend Postini as a solution for adviser email archiving & record keeping.
that's even scarier.
Theres this girl in my class literally wears the same exact sweater since the first day of the semester... Im about to tell her something
oh well that sucks but atleat you live close by the ICONic aBoyz, i like live thousands of miles away!:(
You're freshmen not 21 get over yourselves
To you too! Welcome back from your trip. RT : SimplyLeap warm bagel hugs!
Ah everybody needs to watch that music video!
Tell your heart heads up.
is it earworm Tuesday? :)
Now gonna settle in and see if the #Orioles can keep up this magic.
that's very true, hard to put into words what it takes to engage students so learning takes place, let alone all the rest!
On one level, I think there's a critique about TV body politics (re: nudity, sexposition) 1/2
Just found out bad news.:/
Well of course they'd love to win. But winning would be an added bonus. They don't set themselves up to win, LT or short-term
A ton of talent is in Alabama, Georgia, Texas, New Jersey and many need help in LA, Nashville and London to get that first break
hey Rob!!<3 please follow and make her day!<3
It's gameday! Hours until kickoff. Putting finishing touches on some new & exciting things. Looking forward to a great day!
what are you my wife
I hate pointless conversations.....
you are JUST now deciding to follow me... lame.....
Total Recall: Movies With Matching Titles Safe isn't just the title of this weekend's Jason Statham MMA action thriller, it's also the na
Thanks for passing on the message, guys!
Rudy Gay is... UNSTOPABLE
Thanks so much for coming out!
Thanks for your advice! I'm not sure how patient I'll be with rice before trying alcohol (one form or another.)
Harmon and Kelly are the dream team compared to Pipi and Popo
jet setting huh? That's cool. U have fun?
Yeah. I move to LA a couple weeks ago.
dont worry(: he will! Just keep trying!!!
You can still sign up for tmw's CookBook webinar #ljcookbooks Tuesday 4/24, 3-4 pm. I think you should do it.
Game Time!!! Cmon Patriots!!!
Pulling this all nighter is starting to suck... ready to get this final over with already
Keep Me Company Beautiful : )
Because nobody compares to you ^.^
Have you ever been to Memphis?
#Writers write! Get your pages turned in for feedback. It isn't a talent contest; it's about getting pages done and then fixing them.
keep telling people about your spouses sex and someone other than you is going to feel it.
All my #genealogy friends - what hotel do you like to stay at when you are in SLC visiting the FHL?
Finally saw Capitalism: A Love Story go Michael moore!
Getting mad at the news always gets me going on one thing or another. :D "You bet I got opinions! And here they are!"
what a great poem and terrific line..
A tribute to Mark Johnson! Your support means the world to us!!!
We are so excited to be able to offer our team members training with !!
#twitter that
I have the bad habit of memorizing excessive amounts of song lyrics. Where do I store that info?
"All art is but imitation of nature."-Lucius Annaeus Seneca
hey how have you been. ive been holding off on working on #Cohesia until after Faded Fest, but id really like to meet up soon
Working hard on some new parties, events, and ideas. Stay tuned!
Wrapping up here in the studio! Excited to finally finish this EP and get it released!
How I'm spending my Thursday nite: sitting on a folding chair in the pedestrian mall at 41st and Broadway.
Do you know the wisdom of ,
Busted 12th...so disappointing!
I am changing my twitter account to 3rdscreentalent Please follow me there.
What's the proper way to explain a root canal to a child so it gets them to take care of their teeth better but doesn't traumatize them?
Gonna get braces in a week :\ Ah.. FML
The ingredients of health and long life, are great temperance, open air, easy labor, and little care. Sir Philip Sidney
That's awesome. ": Is Yellow Mamba racist? I really don't know."
ABSOLUTELY Horrible Night
The #Yankees have to take it tonight! Who's going to the game tonight? Join us on the pub crawl around the stadium.
#rememberwhen people didn't leave you hanging? Me either.
The nap got me feelin good !
the cake just got done waiting for it to cool off
Just met , and everyone at ! Very excited to be apart of the team!!
It's up to you to change your circumstances. Scary, but empowering...
i love you both(:
12quot vs 14quot Shank Router Bits - routers woodworking
Graduated from USC cinema with my two girls who have stayed with me through it all, and Love you girls
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 2001 Computer's operating system MAC OS X went on sale.
Drinking out of my tardis mug. :D
2011 home opener for the Rams. Lots of expectations with this years team. Time to start the journey !!
yes it is. My very first 4g / android.
yeah best I could do! Lol
HI FROM UR FILIPINO FANS!!!
Hate it when feelings resurface. It's not even so much that they do. It's just that you remember.
they better never leave your phone!
Game time baby!! Go Lone Oak:)
Miami this weeknd? ;)
Aw tell your Mommy I said "Hello:)!" I haven't seen you all in so long:(! I'm only gonna be here for a week:(!
is quite possibly THE most underrated dancer/choreographer on this show. Superb! #DWTS #GMADancing perfect partner i
as long as you feed me your baby batter, in need of a good protein shot!!
This week has gone by so slow!
thanks for the follow, y'all she needs some followers #BigShoutout :-)
...13? I think. Lol. Does that make me a bad sister, because I'm not sure. LMAO.
Awe! Thank you for sharing :)
ready for a weekend of buffoonery with
Judge: I don't think we'll reach Richard Caturano today -- Prosecution likely to spill over into Wednesday.
I like the #Nats, too. Gio has our number this season.
the dark side does come with healthcare and retirement
IBM&#39;s new expert integrated systems line gets Linux update
Perfect Weather!:)
#FF These guys are Defining Sports Performance every day in Combine training.
Franny & I are goon balls
ah. I hate wasps so much ! I would cry if I was you lol.
hi honey!!!! Much love from ur san diego seoul sista.
Are you kidding me power out again!! This is going to be a long game!!!
Happy Birthday, #SugaBear!
Lindsay Lohan is BACK inside. She needs Three Squares Greetings!
Of course. I won't miss this shit.
Yw. Glad u had a good bday (part one) party last night.
May 22nd , Meek Mill after party at the Longbranch . hmu/dm for details
Just watched episode of PUNK'D & It made me want to get to my goal & meet her even more! Love you!
LMFAO! I'd like to see this!
Thank you for the awesome headshot. You gave me a ton of options to choose from and they all turned out lovely. You rock!
OH MY GOD. I JUST SAW THE PREVIEW. ASDFGHJKL. I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU ON PUNKD.
Hope you're having a fantastic National Vet Tech week! Stop by the library to take a peek at great vet tech resources.
What's up get at us Stoner skater alien people
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority. - William A. Ward
mae 3 presentation... fun
THE COW IS OPEN AND SHOWING THE GAME IF YOU SO DESIRE TO WATCH IT..... Serving up some really good moo moo foo! Giddy Up
Hi Sis Jenn. God Bless ALL
Hey ! Hubby-to-be & I just bought game tickets for the day after our wedding!
That's pretty good for an all-nighter. Do you need technical advice?
"Butter vs. Margarine ? I trust cows over scientists."
My nigga got Loud on Deck
Hey Chuck. I interviewed u for Newsday several years ago. I'd like to catch up with your doings. Pls email ur contact info to katti ...
Yes, I really did. Over and over.
Unfortunately I'm not :(
what kind of job you trying to get this summer?
Let's go Pacers. Turn off the Heat
dudee I was watching the game plan thee other day and like your such a great actress seriously :)
Super disappointed by the Bistro Burger in San Francisco Centre. I might as well have gone to Burger King.
yum yum... it's a miracle you stay so thin!
Best kinda chillin there is!
Much discussion @#BMAengage about how important video content is, even for very technical and industrial products, great examples
Sweet! I am looking forward to it! I'm going to do my Pop Culture Erikson assignment. I'm kind of jazzed.
Rule #32: Enjoy the little things
Much Love!!! It's just gettn started.. Got an show n Miami next week!!
The Chik-Fil-A in mitchellville is like a treat for getting out of DC.
But she wont drop out, her parents'll look at er funny
follow back? :>)
Thanks.. It looks cooler in real life!
I'm not on my personal enough.. Tweet me
can you guys please help me trend #MyDirectionIsOneDirection please
still camping me broseph?
lmao im not "jelly"
Man its raining like shit outside. Glad I didn't go out tonight.
I assume you left Pittsburgh?
World Peace lookin rusty in shoot-around. Kobe stayed at the FT line. Nuggets still shooting long ball well.
believe it or not some girls can spend time with boys without fucking them.
Random people eating at my desk & holding an informal meeting. I'm still here working!
TY for the radio mention :-) 5pm Monday? I think that's 9am where I'm at. I have a short meeting & will tune in @ my desk
The movie Deep Throat cost less than $50,000 to make but earned over $100,000,000.
World of Beer Brady Street is coming in June! #MILWAUKEE #CRAFT #BEER LOVERS UNITE! Cheers!
Honestly on Kelly clarkson's latest album is one of her best songs
Thanks for presenting today. Hey, would you send me a link to your slide deck?
Fatboy® will lounge #StuartHouse Benefit presented by w family fun activities, live auction & Dave Matthews concert!
Flights booked. Hotel booked. Commanders palace reserved. NOLA reserved. Cochon reserved. No tickets & nervous
"You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. - Wayne Gretzky
RT oh thank u for that. “: Look, I'm just gonna say it: I hate neon.”
Every day in class have #students #write something you will read and check for #grammar, regardless of the subject(s) you
Ready for Gold Card week? Come in and take advantage of the huge savings! March 1st - 7th. Not a Gold Card member yet? Only $11.99/yr. here!
Dinner at Washington Square Diner, another hangout that is getting old.
lol same. But I be been doing it since a long time
Always stand for something
There have been 190 reported data breaches this year, up from 142 in all of 2005. Are your risk mgt. poilcies addressing cyber issues?
haha, ran out of toys... you caught me.
wondering when I'll realize that lol
cheesecake factory......ok i'm sold ;)
I heard that its Man U vs Chelsea tomorrow
I hope he does...I will put my faith in Him this year : b
Big dance fever for the Cats tonight
as press OR as BBC attendees?
yes ma'am!
What are you doing? I'm counting the hours until Jenna & I go see Twilight: Breaking Dawn in the morning! LOL -Kristin Burns
Thanks Erica! Give Indy a treat for me!
Working on a Sunday because I feel like it. Am officially my father's daughter.
Who needs a boyfriend when you have & mitch?! #mahloverz #4eva <3
Absolutely gorgeous! Never realized how much I miss the sight of palm trees, so beautiful when you never see them anymore!
After this family guy im goin to bed. :)
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way. -Abraham Lincoln
People who turn small arguments into wars <<<
What i say? o.o
where have you been? :-)
If you won't treat her right, don't be mad when someone else does.
Appreciate it cuz! Love ya man!
We're Awfully ..Good, :)
lazy sunday :s
well why dont guys do the same so we know ??
I remember when my tweets were mostly hysterical. Nowthey are mostly political and boring. Back to my old ways of being funny starting now
Relish will be open tomorrow at 10am.
Here comes sparty... big three by Austin Thornton cuts the lead to 2...20-18 w/ 7:15 in the first
how old r u I am 17 going on 18 tomorrow
RT RT Retweet if you love the #Browns and
Is visiting at the while he rocks out the late night shift. How are you making an impact today?
Lying to the Boyz about where ur from, just To get a Shoutout/tweet is so irrelevant in so Many ways
No ben :( hahaha in the comments: "I feel like I was just told Santa isn't real"
Can't wait for sunday bro!
Since u did beat me at Scrabble last night, u should def buy lottery tix! Why don't u get 1 for me too? U choose the #'s please!
Mickael Pietrus leaves the game in a stretcher midway through the second quarter with a neck injury. Hopefully this is not too serious.
#SongsThatWillAlwaysBump "toss it up" by #2Pac #Makaveli !! ..Real G's like they salad tossed..
My family is leaving for Mexico this weekend. I'm gonna be at my house by myself for a week. Is my mom crazy? I get scared at night okay
m, chocolate milk
if charters grow, will this b less the case?
Let's do the impossible!
I'm a lot more frazzled today than I thought I would be. Hope I'm not this flaky tomorrow morning when I meet with library Exec group.
Looking for 4th gr VA teachers to skype with a teacher from the Piedmont region.
Tumblr doesn't give you enough control
Did you start your day today with a workout or with breakfast? Be sure to start every morning with one of the two to get your metabolism up!
Thank you for the follow. We can definitely learn something from you!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 103
this is the #WORST sub ive had in my entire life
happy birthday now you are one year older
lol coming to school tomorrow ?
There are food carts starting to line up on 23rd Street down by Crystal Drive. Another thing to love about spring!
I just turned 31 this year. I'm so much more mature than younger journals, but am I still good looking enough to date younger journals?
That is good news. What about on Amazon?
First official IATF tweet! Thanks so much to our friends and family! Special thanks to for all the help!
only u can do that SIS!!!!!!
Did you know the potato originated in Peru 8,000 years ago & China is now the largest potato producing country in the world.
meet me there after freedom... their service starts
Should be sleeping- but i'm not! I am my own worst enemy!
Honestly, I think it really depends on the person.I've had great bosses who were men & women & trouble w/ both too.
This is so weird! I can see when you @ reply to me, but only in my reg. timeline. When I look at your profile, denied.
So far it's been 4 days without softball..I don't think I can handle this anymore..
Drinking some wine while & I put up the tree. AawwwwyyyeahhhhhH!!!!!!
Another metro hockey coach under investigation. The district's response at 10 on
that thing we didn't talk about at your place a couple weeks ago...i think it's really happening, or not happening ; ]
they picked your brain
MTA's amendment proposal was discussed at Electoral Reform WG . Looks good so far!
When sings tonight, I hope she's singing to me. She'll be #bringingit at tonight!
Do you really use gaming to help students prepare for one of what I am assuming is one of the most rigorous exams in the US?
Him: So what's up on Twitter this morning? Me: Twitter voted, they think you are a jackass too. Him: It's gonna be a long day isn't it?
Not yet but am going i think its til 9:30. Where are u? RT : Are you there!? Until when!!?????
is an adolescent tweeter
I got a free Otterbox today cause I sent an email saying my clips broke!! >>>>>>>>
House party was amazin!
When I see Mitt all I see is a man in the pitch black of night on a train track, with a light (Obama) bearing down on him.
I saw your mommy and your mommy was dead...
Care package contents from home: gum, cereal, tea, snack bars, nutella… OLD BAY!
I'm back in town. Recovered from the SXSW SARS. Checking out new brunch on patio. Smells great! Patio open!
Thanks for the shoutout-- many welcomes to you!
We appreciate you!! :)
We talked about Harp the other day :D
thank you so much!!!!
Game only works if the girls willin...if not, its called stalking
bartenderme.com is officially up and running, just in time for cinco de mayo!
Yes lol RT : I have work study but i don't completely understand how it works, should i accept it? lol
BUDGETING TIP: Use Listerine as a mixer... Fights gingivitis while simultaneously getting you wasted!
I need some retweet love all things #shutterfoundry on the feed please
Got the colonel pin
"We are so far apart yet so united in our struggle for human rights" says Rose Cunningham, MADRE partner from
When it all falls down.
Just got your CD and it is amazing i can't stop listening to it!!! I love you guys so much <3 <3 <3 <3
To the original Choosey Chicks...MOMS!!! Happy, Happy Mothers Day!!!
Landed at 12:56 mission accomplished. In the arctic tundra for a few days :)
my name? in rotation on these niggas lips, especially when they be pillow talking with a bitch.
Sister Date tonight
Y is the data package $20 now at&t u suck rite now
"u r fashion roadkill"
Is it just me, or do these look NOTHING like candy dispensers. I'm reminded of something else entirely...but, THAT'S JUST ME. ;)
I want to be the Primrose Everdeen of the Mega Millions Jackpot.
makes you stand out!
+1 : Boston is 3 for 3 as winners for sxsw accelerator!! Congrats , & Go, Boston!! #AwwYeah!
Big or small, lies are lies
Not a video I know of but I know there are a couple of podcasts on about
Probably. I've learned it's just easier if you breathe into it;)
About to go over these lines hope doesn't flake on me tonight.
#NowPlaying "Make Music, Give It Away" by
thank you for the recommendation! We'd love to give you a tour of the property!
Now that I'm at the end of Olmstead's The Coldest Night, any early reservations I had are gone; the section during the Korean War? Brutal!
Hi talented one!!!
Zephyr may go from Emeryville to Chicago, but it isn't as pretty as Coast Starlight - Empire Builder. Just saying.
ok so there&#39;s nothing i need to explain. who decided to tell me? i learned a month later - i disagreed with arrangements when i was…
Just heard that Contra Costa Jewish Community Center has announced today it is closing its doors within 48 hours. What?!
Kevin Smith Ben Tate Kahlil Bell or Thomas Jones? Plz help
Almost out of work..
#iJustWannaSay "Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting." -
What for?
Happy Boxing Day everyone.
hip hip if it's old school like biggie and tupac. Metal if it's any hip hop made in the last 10 yrs besides eminem jayz or 50
thanks for your response...I understand. Good luck with everything :)
I course you did.
want to meet up end of the week to catch up?
This kid is crazy
Rankings are team's 12 best results from worldwide events from Jan. 2011-June 2012. So they're playing everywhere to drop past poor finishes
H A T E R S RT : its probably bc they haven't picked on us n a while. They gotta dig something up on us!
ON NOW: Talking with the guys at Sports Radio 1250 about the Packer game!
yeah he's the meaning to perfect (;
“: We just made eye contact... Yepp he wants the D” wow.. That's how you feel? Lmao
Thanks, Roberta. Cleveland half not that far off. Ready?
most of my students are at least bilingual, so its no rush...just don't like the barrier with the kids that have no ingles
some real shit right there yo
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
I have no idea what Angry Birds is either, other than its a game. My phone is too ghetto for that kind of stuff.
German Shepherd prefers lampshade over salami. I have a shit ton of salami and no extra lampshades.
Gonna crash though
Sous chef (my sommelier) suggests a spicy Pinot noir or Grenache! Enjoy...I love it with mash or buttery egg noodles.
SAMUEL BEING LIAM. YES FUCK YES.
"We need plan B because plan A rocked." LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE. -Michele Mattia
What motivates you to tackle big projects?
Looking for something cheap to do this weekend Nashville? What about a round of golf, a nice dinner, maybe even a show ttp://tiny.cc/8jtmT
of course! The other guy is my best friend from HS - he occasionally posts photo collections on his blog, they're always great!
Thanks! We're ready to celebrate! RT : Ready to be inspired at annual meeting. Lots of great work being done in #Indy!
Next time i'll drunktext you to make up for it
I've lost my phone number – can I have yours?
“: My weed smells like #kush” Skywalker Kush to be exact!
#Gators leave bases loaded AGAIN, head into 4th 1-1.
So I fall asleep and I wake up to find 4-1 Flyers... ugh... I don't like.
Farrah Fawcett had a killer ass.
Congratulations to Kenny Frett for winning the Ring of Fire Tickets.
Dang girl, you're hawt. Be mine 
All u have to do is hit msgs and in direct message type in BIGTIMELOCO in the box below write wat ever n I'll reply ok
All good, thx for following
don't the writers have the blame? How is MLB at fault for the Santo thing?
West coast mixtape coming soon send you track to my email
not your fault. Unless it is. In which case, you can't hang with me and Hugh at the premiere of Connect Four. ;-)
Watching heavyweights w the jr wifey.
Chris Brown & Pitbull performing "International Love"
If you had unlimited resources, where would you travel?
wow i love the 1D fandom SO much. you guys are awesome :) just think of how many trends there will be ON his birthday!
Hi Glen I will look into your application and get back to you as soon as possible
My Mother inspires me.
How many of you read food labels? Are there ingredients that make you not purchase a product?
Whoa!! Was it the acting or the script?
#3WordsForYou It's My Life
ha! Awesome. What's your company?
Our tour w/ the Pink spiders hits Barrington, IL tonight at the Penny Road Pub. (Not Cicero. Sorry for confusion) come hang!
IU Fans will say they want you until you don't pick them, then they will hate you. Come to KENTUCKY
blow away half the crowd at Guthrie gala. Other half just confused
Amazing! What a cool experience. Entourage studio = the best, + we love our trio Avail ETA 3/24?
Most of us. Can't speak for and that party girl dance he did the other night.
dude you like fell off the face of the earth.
Word. Never is more like it. RT : Messi was just stonewalled in front of the goal thrice. Don't see that often.
“: Oh, you're from One Direction? Excuse me while I take my clothes off.” ???
when it's all finished (i'm adding voice support right now but it's not as easy as the twilio integration) i'll send ya a link..
Tie game! Mexico gets one in the 75th minute. 1-1
It appears that broke on the iPhone. Time to find a new mindless game to play.
-_- what about your cousin
Stop by after work today & let buy you a drink! We're here now until 9pm!
King's Island is dummy packed that one way on the block furr sho
It is important to be a critical thinker
The Tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach."Benjamin Mays
you can get me at Kelly at saucewear dot com
You should know that God Loves you today!
Failure is not the problem, quitting is. You have not failed, try it a different way or try something new. Failure is a sign to keep on.
who can we contact for interview inquiries?
dog days by florence + the machine , any paramore song !
i can't even.
Hey guys! We are currently booking our summer tour, where would you like to see us?!
Roll Tide.
Donation for your birthday has been made. Hope you have a great day!!
The online copyright war: the day the internet hit back at big media - The Guardian
my head sill hurts VERY BAD from fangirling the whole time!! OMG ♥
To develop friendships, stop trying to be interesting & just be interested in others.
‎"Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something." Pancho Villa's last words... Mexican bandit & revolutionary
=(( RT : BREAKING: Penn State coach Joe Paterno near death, family summoning close friends to hospital for final goodbyes.
if you don't like black girls, don't like black girls then. that's your prerogative but twitter does not care. nigga, bye. ✋✌
THANKS to those who have already given to we still have a ways to go to meet goal of 500 kids in Guatemala,call 855-330-HOPE
Good morning Jessica - still interested in a chat? You must be traveling!
Thanks, man. RT Read my story on the SA Scorpions soccer team in April issue of San Antonio Magazine.
Fuck the rangers man... I'm so fuckin pissed
Tonight taco Tuesday at Stingers it's going tonight.....
for how long?
thank you so much for the symbol! I love it! You guys were awesome tonight. :)
I'm all in agreement.
Before you know it, your fancy beer will be gone. Never to be seen again.
Aww, now I want to be a public librarian.
Her smile
Omg me and samara just dropped eggs in the middle of HEB 😳
Hmm, perhaps. Some was in play pre-Free State as well though. & Yeats worked from within Irish canon/hierarchy. Can't [+]
Found out that JoAnn Falleta, music director Virginia and Buffalo is a February-born. Great example of a "seasoned personality". Success!!!!
We ALL can't wait for the new episode tonight!! ;)
I feel Better I didn't say I could spell betta! (LOL)
too many fires at home to deal with so got to the convention center way late for the catcode meetup. Y'all look awesomely engaged in it tho
everything shines when she illumines selena is near any dark
At the strangest party of my life. But they got late nite Doritos. America. Happy Fourth!
Can we pull ur music from ur website?
I feel that
DRIVE. Whoa. Yes.
Maybe my boyfriend could come home this year.
. score!! Congrats - and we think it's only right you do the ceremony and reception here! Seriously...
Listening to a hater talking about Taylor Swift and thinking lie, lie, lie and lie.
Im not with them anymore. They were nice though. It's so hard finding the right team. Just keep on keeping on!
I DONT LIKE MR JOHN LAURINIDOUS HE SUCKS MONKEY BALLS!!!
bout to leave this club and prepare for a busy week
yes! It's amazing. And thanks (:
Love interviewing candidates! People say the darndest things!
“: USC Geologies Dr. Dolan takes apart BH concerns about tunneling under high school.” Notes BH was former satisfied client
so very true, if only corporations would learn that they give up their power when they loose sight that PEOPLE BUY FROM PEOPLE
different than going out of your way to try an injure people
I hope you had a good time! It's a fun place to see a game.
You can only be young once. But you can always be immature!!!
Hope you have a great day today! Tweet when u can & tell us what's up at
are u following mee?
Would you take the over or under for the Baltimore game this Sunday??
Can I take credit for the weather? I'll give you credit for the great sushi.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ There are occasions when it is undoubtedly better to incur loss than to make gain.
If only you followed me.......
to all my new england friends, keep the faith. spring is close. cherry blossoms have bloomed in maryland. warm weather is heading our way.
"I though we ordered a real African"-Erik #thecoloroffriendship one of my favorite quotes(:
City Attny says Prop G is mentioned in financing plan between Port and #ChulaVista b/c the city law will have to be followed.
Drink before you think 😏
Hi Shirley! Home? I'm doing well. Have to be up at 3 am but can't sleep. How r u doing?
There was an old woman who lived in a shoe, who had so many children to feed she bought her brown, local eggs at Scottsville Farmers Market.
You think anyone could give me shoutouts?? i'm trying for 1000 followers by may 31st (:
just broke my phone case..oh well!lol
Hoping your day has been great! I sent an email your way earlier. Will you be available in about an hour or we can chat A.M.
This also makes me quite happy.
Going to go read. A book. Not internet stuff.
Sometimes words come at just the right time.
sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy!
It's not your achievements that make you who you are it is your choices.
definitely. It sold out last year in 30 mins. Price is only $100. I'll be on :59 refreshing my browser :)
lmao..hell yeah!!
Best part of the day? Tonight when #Iowa caucus is finally over. Two years of build up - hope it's worth it!
- I think you would like Korean escargot - it's more like clam than stinky snail :) cc
Crazy day! Emergency shoot for Harvard Law Review in Malibu and then to Newport Beach!
i've always been intrigued by the commercials. is the show worth getting into?
Congratulations to ORPET on the grand opening of their PET recycling plant in St. Helens!
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
who makes your skins dude?
I use the Twitter app for iPhone! :)
NKOTBSB in DC tomorrow! :)
2:05am .. ignore the bar because its water time
At Tim Horton's drive thru and employees are singing show tunes from Aladdin
red or purple lipstick today....purple it is, got that ruffle/prince thing goin on 2day
Yes I have! And yes it was! Best not to think of it as a "pitch" though.
It's nice, right? Welcome to LA! :)
Do u ever fucc up then make the same mistake. Then the same mistake. Then the same mistake again again. Ion kno why I never learn.
Nice, can't beat a psycho Jack Nicholson, Stanley Kubrick as the director, and a Steven King inspired movie.
Good morning Cleveland!!!
With the green film of tree pollen coating our cars, it's no wonder my allergies are acting up today.
I'm really hoping the incredibly obnoxious pre-teen in this gets brutally murdered. What a little shit.
PS YES! When?
maybe it will encourage others to identify the extent of impact rather than just doing it bc it's trendy
Lots of love for the folks @ Half Italian on Milwaukee in #logansquare!! Good luck on the grand opening this weekend!
Historic Brumder Mansion Bed n Breakfast Large luxurious whirlpool rooms with fireplaces Call Monica 414/218-2202 milwaukeebedbreakfast.com
i just found another Nolan Rudi on facebook... lookin forward to hangin out
I believe that life is a prize, but to live doesn't mean you're alive.
oh well..... I CHARGED MY PHONE....AND. ITS WORKING NOW. :)
They've made their pt. Now go home and effect change, starting with self.
“: You can't be a player forever man- tyga” cut that r&b shit out
is that the new cover
My nails just blossomed and it's not awesome...
Stuck to my guns and limited myself to a single happy hour drink so that I could still get in a speed workout. #1/2marathontraining
Audience is nice.
Watching the Daily Show
On the road to San Francisco to see !
I'm feeling the sting of a retrograde in Pisces...ugh! Make it go away Susan !
Here at work mindset is on killing this show at teen nation in a few hours
Good morning! House Blend and Sumatran brewed today :)
You arent missing much.. im tryna leave it... RT : #TellMeWhy I still haven't been to #Vegas tho /:
im freaking confused -_- but yeah, anyways....do you like Cody?
Ground sourcing kindness. One person, each day, big impact Thnx for following the consensus hub
excuse me while I go watch that scene in y tu mama tambien
If you are looking for superior entertainment that is a cut above the rest, look no more! RE-MIX is the perfect choice for any and every o…
Story of my life! RT I wanna sleep but I can't I wanna cuddle but with who
So I have known about my English paper due Friday for the last two weeks, and I still haven't started on it...
Slept for 2 hours. Tired. Eyes are puffy and red. It's cold. I wish my hair would grow faster. Doesn't feel like a Friday.
It's i changed my name
stupid conscience ruined everything
Hi selena, nice to meet you, i'm justin your very beautiful we should go out sometime
You can hear Dark Summer Dawn on #Spotify if you search under our old name Deejer.
glad to see you join the Falcons! Love your playstyle and think you will have a great career in the red and black! Congrats!!
Friday Tweetcast: Sunny sky, highs hit the lower 80s. Rain returns late Sat and Sunday. Could be very wet for Mother's Day.
There's no getting over it.
Patrick I never said that. I thought it, but never said it...I swear.
I'm sorry about the Following mix up! My partner was following lots of people and I went through deleting. Can we be...
Well if we must, then I'm game. For the sake of my health, of course.
Those pretty girls can play their game, but they're damn well gonna know my name. I'm a crazy ex-girlfriend.
Want to know why I'm a Mac person? Because halfway through a job, the Mac doesn't crash!!!! Urgh!
You say you want to be friends, but you're so rude to me.
Natalie, loved talk about Passion #gphdreams event!!
There is the Sonic Boom in Conway
Doctor says I need a backeotomy.
wish I was with you kiddos taking some tequilla shots!
Finding Hope opening credits and trailer locked. Final cut on the way!
I hate gotye...there I said it.
hahaha thats hilarious. bosh has never done anything that funny in his life
Damn it's been one year. Miss you brother.
Community Impact-Arts Partnership #Fusion2012 nominees: DuluthFineArts League
RT IF YOU WANT A BOYFRIEND! I WANT A BOYFRIEND<\3
Giddy up
I'll be performing in a quartet tonight w/ -- music of #Mingus & #Dolphy (4161 N. Damen) 9 pm, free
Yea I might jus go ahead nd sell it..I need some money anyway
After a recent visit from a great group of local veterans, we’ve adopted a new policy–free admission for all veterans
dependency/version hell in R: install.packages("XML") failed: No definition for superclass "namedList" in ... "XMLOutputStream"
What the hell. I just saw a pair or emu's... In someone's backyard. But this is michigan. what. O_O
Does anyone know a reputable place to sell old comic books for a good price?
WHERE WHERE WHERE
Doing mad statistics
im sayinn they trynna include you in the masses and ishh. if it says your name then maybe reply lol
Court gets my presence ahead of y'all
OK FINE
All I want for Christmas is :)) please follow me!<333
yard work today!!!
Dear Face Wash Commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that. Sincerely, my whole bathroom floor is wet. -.-
Can't wait for the upcoming conventions to show off all of our progress, new products, and the "new face" of Gemeinhardt!
That Awkward Moment when you're trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water is running.
I don't feel QR Codes have caught on to the masses as much that it would help.
yeah me too! Guess we will have to stay up late and try and get noticed and we'll tweet them so much <AB
Hope he alrite🙏,Hater
Excellent points.
"The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning" ~ Ivy Baker Priest
Vermes knows a new DP signing will wash this Bravo incident from the minds of the SKC faithful. All the "harmonious departure" talk is bull
Why make promises if your not going to stick with them ?
Great improvement...tnx
I was a Bill Cowher Steeler fan. Black and yellow, black and yellow!
i wanna go there someday!!
Yeah! I Read It On This Thing I Found. You Learn Something New Everyday! Lol (: xx
How many tickets did you get?
Who is having worse heart failure with the #MCFC implosion or & in celebration of the implosion?
one of the guys that is apart of 's team followed me :) OMG
Friday nite delight: pizza and 2007 Red Splash by
Thanks So Much :)
RT : In the words of the legendary : "Screw this. I'm going to Bub's at the Ball Park. I need a beer."
Sipping at the crib bumping Scarface - No Tears;
PLEASE FOLLOW !! 1
roger that! ;-)
WCG is hiding a #geocache somewhere in PDX. 1st to find the cache wins 2 tickets to meet the band & go to the PDX show Nov 11
Boehner liked that one. Fire only came out of ONE of his eyes.
i know right.
Imagine your street would be as dark as it is tonight if the city never put street lights on your roads.
Edwin Hubbel Chapin~ Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
I'm not sure why you're following me but in no way, shape or form will I ever vote for Perry...
lol I can't
Still have a spot when I'm in town for next season? lol
aww no problem! I hope you had a great day!!
10 away from hitting the next zoom! Who wants to get there?! We think you'll like what you'll see.
hey Joey! I know! I love hanging out with you and your family! :)
Chipotle burritos seem to have gotten smaller over time
Are you in Denver/Arvada? Come to our Auction for Action THIS saturday at the DNote in Arvada!!
#erl12 consolidate changed titles has to be done manually
Should work as long as they don't mind the puppy being public
have five hours before next assignment...taking a nap in five, four, three, two...z
lol no I've retired the baking business. Unless I get back up with cj lol
When you slide your hand up a guys gym shorts and they're not wearing anything under. >>>>>>>>>>
I received +K about New Media from Thank you Andy! Have a great weekend.
was looking at AD 606 and it is Problems In Visual Design.. is that the branding class?
That last tweet should have been an MT...
I'm good hbu
Online schedule is the best way to know for sure either way :)
Getting my oil changed... How much you #wannabet they come tell me I need a dozen other things checked changed and serviced.
Sunshine of Your Loaf
You know life is good when you can't sleep because you can't stop thinking of what's ahead!
Is This Week in VC ever coming back? I miss your show!
The juice was worth the squeeze
S/O to my BESTFRIEND in the world for being the Birthday girl (: hehehe ! Love you 
That was a pretty sizable chunk of someone else's splitter they just pulled from Kimi's car
you can eat food poison but you can get it .... And idk girl I was just sitting down tryna open a bottle of juice nd blllaahh
Every business in #Boston wants to but it can't happen right? Wrong #SEO, and #Twitter can bring traffic to the door Quick.
I'll be in #mtadams with and all evening; not sure about Brook. Josh still recuperating.
I know what they mean. I'm not sure you and do. Otherwise you wouldn't use them as sweeping pejoratives.
swimwear and flip flops are packed!! Progress!
I look like a vein is about to burst.
“: in my kitchen...I made it last night” Yummy! Need that recipe OR add that as an amenity for photo clients! :)
I see that you get lost without the oxford comma.
thanks for the heads-up. Everyone is safe and sound. Crazy so close.
Hi Beauty - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
waves, crashing.....
I'm watching the latest episode of #TheWalkingDead ...will I be disappointed? Love the opening scene now it's on 2 the soap opera, oh boy...
Donkey raping shit eater.
Ray at Night is still happening every second Saturday of the month. Can get a little crowded, but always fun. :)
We're at the National Genealogical Society Family History Conference in Cincinnati, Ohio! Come see us at booth 625
I'm relieved actually. I didnt want James Cameron anywhere near this title. I like it too much Are you upset about #BattleAngel?
The weather isn't so bad if you're wearing the right thing and your at the right place :) especially after a nice cold shower!
Casting pearls before swine
nothing like getting woken up an hour before you have to.
Its not my fault i fell for you♥ You tripped me!
Readyy to go
I'm placing my heart and soul into this ..I take this serious who ever said being successful was a joke or a hobbie
ah, that's cute
fine bark at me when I scrape my undercarriage on the driveway. jeez neighbor's dog, you're just like my dad
Oh LAWD!, I just realized I have 1000 followers on the dot. Til I get unfollowed by 20 people. Wonder who lucky number 1000 was?
MT : We will be giving away free books ALL WEEK LONG on Twitter - stay tuned to find out when to enter!
I be wondering if fat people be warm in the cold.
Merry Christmas Happy New Year to everyone
is that Frings? I'm sure he has fond memories of there.
Came a long way from RUN HOUSE...
Maybe it's cause I'm tired af but my bed feel just a lil mo comfortable tonite than usual. Holla at yall twiggas later.
Ive thought bout goin into the army but im scared i might not come back and if i do who wld i have lost while i was away?
-- Probably the Jennings end ... but it's a win-win. No clear winner.
lol I've done it. But the key word is PASSION. You can treat me like a queen but if there's no passion, we done!
Break a leg!
Slow cooked Sirloin Roast with Garlic Chive Mashed Potatoes. Can't wait for Roast Beef Sandwiches this week...
backstage with Nora Jones and Lecrae. Waiting for the photo op...
RT : Just finished setting up our company Twitter account ! Please follow us today for mortgage news & updates!
#upabos12 I went to Altec Plastics and got a piece of scrap plastic for the mobile usability test sled I showed during my 1pm talk
:) RT : Happy Friday - Remember to share your smiles with someone who needs them! Happiness is a gift to be shared! ♪ ♫ ♩ ♬ ♭
Just two this month. As for time, I am lacking it. And I should be working right now. In fact...
its not so much as the destination as the journey, its not to be able to live forever but to be able to live with yourself forever
yep that too, n he was Like ”What!!” n that accent
Florida State Rugby on to the Conference Finals tomorrow! Great win today!! Next up, our "favorites" UCF.
Its time ta do it!
because Saturday, Saturday, Saturday just sounds funny.
Thank you. I'd love to come to Philly but unfortunately I just seem to be bouncing back between LA and Europe. Got to...
Ronnie Chasen (publisist) shot dead on Sunset, Beverly Hills last night?!?! What the heck!
I been out since like 9:15 this morning
These damn hiccups ugh. I then had em for 30 mins
I received +K in christianity from , thanks so much! :)
thank you bb!
Fire official says blaze at Woodburn High School started in wood shop or metal shop
hell ya dude we r going hard at
"it ain’t about how hard ya hit. It’s about how hard you can get it and keep moving forward." "That's how winning is done!"
whatever label you slap on, its working for you. Hope you are well.
pft just because I spelled "Have" wrong doesn't mean shit u little kid.
Everyone who got an invite to the award ceramony thought they were "Student of the Year" until we realized they all said that. Lmfao
BIG UPS TO ALL THE MOMS OUT THERE. NOTHING WOULD BE POSSIBLE WITHOUT THEIR SACRIFICE AND LOVE!!!!!
Tomorrow should be interesting. o.O I can't wait to see RED live!!! \(^.^)/
Although I'm a little late I want to wish you a happy mothers day! I genuinely appreciate you raising Austin into who he is.
Me-e-eeeah
Lol RT : You a pretty smart lady!“: to be the best do as the best do plus some!”
I'm skeptical of the Travolta case. Something's fishy there.
very interesting precedent - blocking your constituents from communicating with you if you don't like their point of view.
Don't tell anyone, that's our secret :)
Yes. I agree with you 100%
: No, I meant that experience and eduation work together/mutually beneficial.
Oh wow!! That looks dope!!
I need to do something FUN with my day off tomorrow or I'm just going to drive myself nuts worrying about work all day.
U know ur doing something wrong when an injury to Phil Jagielka can ruin your entire day.
Lame ass broads only talk about relationships, fashion and partying.
6... Guys that will do anything to see you smile(;
Do-re-mi-fa-so-la-ti, forget about french fries & instead grill zucchini. Do-re-mi-fa-so-la-ti, get your ass off the couch & jump rope w/me.
there is nothing sociologically relevant about a tan vagina. Perhaps why women want tan vaginas, but don't have to look a one.
“: Needs to come do.my hair” lol u need to COME get yo hair done
Dinner at White Chocolate Grill with John and Terry :)
the song "call me maybe" is insanely addicting.
Are you having trouble with ? I've been having some upload issues today myself.
hope all is okay
More good news for IUHoops RT: I just announced to our camp that Calbert Cheaney is joining our staff as Director of Basketball Ops
Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm
I love living without weekends...I got to do a few hours of work on my thesis and then actually go to work and then back to thesis
I could browse in The Careful Peach for hours...they sell beautiful tableware, soaps, table linens & jewelry... m.kupoz.com/carefulpeach
Cute! Looks like Disney didn't make him tired enough!
good in class missing the hubby
Lets go Bulls!
I just caught a fly!
thanks so much
can't deliver till the 15. Supposed to be delivered on the 10th.
If you learn something from a defeat it isn`t a loss.
I'm losing pinterest in this semester by the hour.
Thanks for the follow. Unfortunately we can't make the festival this time around. Hope it goes well!
sleep comes at a premium
Announcing our 2012 Black History Month grantees! DC's and DC Students Construction Trades Foundation!
Agree w/ World Peace 7-game suspension. I would have done reg season finale + entire first rd of playoffs (no matter 4-7 games)
so you didnt play like 20 hands? Boo hoo, lag.
#SAYSOMETHING summer jam!
Jury duty safely averted!
You mean you've been having Wendy's for 4 days straight, (=
love it
Fake life i miss da most imp thing ever in my life
take some aspirin, ok?
Congrats to Madison and McKinnley for booking a commercial.
now I'll grab you by your hand. Hand you another drink. Drink it if you can!
I'm with Delta Air Lines. Can you IM your contact info to ? Thanks.
#caps KEEP up the pressure.
Feeling like a true #barstar at the pace; they gave me an actually GLASS; no plastic. I'm the
EXACTLY :p haha
Turkey Hill gets in-game editorial love from Lieter & co. on YES Network. Bronx Bomber Sundae? Nick Swisher not available for alliteration?
I was just saying other words for fun bags.. I wasn't sure u knew ..
Another week has flown by! Ready again for #rpcvchat starting now.
I KNOW!!!! i was kidding too!
"Are you mad that I'm whistling with you?"
DM me your texting numbers on your iPod so I can call you
Same , Bored . Your Cute ;*
I didn't like the other bands that played with them.
ur welcome. My favorite Mexican restaurant!
I'm lost. Is this a dream..
": ... Wish I remembered the number.."$10 million, it's not none just less than 1%
not sure why you would ask that?
Do you count MD as north? ;)
should I look behind me omfg
is this still on for 2012?
RT : hey! will u please give me a shout out??;)
The is about to get some from !
I want to look like I lived life, not just sat on the sidelines.
Hip hop smoothed out on the R&B tip with a pop feel, appeal, to it.
On a road trip with & ! Just passed Grandpa's Cheesebarn & the Lodi outlets. May stop at both on our way home. ;)
Why not work out with a partner? Have a dog? Take them along with you. They will love the exercise and keep you motivated.
lol 😊 text me
I agree, you can't remake Scarface, best film of all time. We need a Freedomtown uprising in the theaters.
Good morning lovely!
LET IT SNOW!!!!
There's a few kinda good Timbaland instrumentals floating around in Petey's discography.
Getting up at 4am sucks. Getting to walk around Chicago at sunrise when all the birds are up? Magical.
Dinner, wine, and flowers all for me. Wow!
Finally remembered to add "!*.jar" to my global File search in Eclipse to exclude jars. Man that speeds things up.
haha u must think I'm the girl
if you want a real answer email me .net
it was so good!
Free liq on me tonight !!!!!!
u did not mention u r watching it with me ;(
What is your Vision? What do you see yourself as and where do you see yourself in the next few days, Weeks, years?
I'm not a fan.
Someone is going to die tonight.
Think I'm bout to go swimming
And the salsa! Did you change your twitter handle?
Certainly! Follow us at and direct message the mailing address. Glad to help the
It's Sunday! It's Football! It's $3 Jagers, $2 Tecate & PBR, $4 Jameson's.......You get the picture...All the games, and $1 wings!
: good book for anyone wanting to market a product in the US right now. Value is not as important as the appearance of Value
“: After party for the #californiadreamstour is @ PINK! Go OkLaHoMa!” BOOMER SOONER!
Your welcome.
I hope he can! ,
sounds good!
Thank you for the mention.
Live, Breathe, Web. It's what I do here. Check out the updated web portfolio for Ed Roper Designs, and throw me a "like"....
Ahahahahah! yes! I need a full set of those beer glasses ASAP!
Stay Strong... Thats all you can do right now.
Yahoo! RT: 15 minutes to the live chat
do you have the stuff to process your own? If not, I'd recommend for your B&W good price for process+scan ($10)
Shout out to #lukemoron getting the job done tonight #statebound AND
Sexy & I Love That Tats
go with flip-flops, torn jean shorts and a tank top.
I respect Cotto though. But Manny beating Floyd you crazy.
Ugh. RT : Jim Nantz and Phil Simms are your new Madden 13 broadcasters. I deeply apologize to everyone for this.
Hey ppl retweet go follow she is nice and sweet auot follow bck
Will he stay or will he go? Donald Driver's Dancing with Stars fate decided in next 15 minutes.
Mark, I'm wondering if there's something we could do with the new hymns project with missionaries (to encourage them)?
Fuck I forgot it was paco's birthday!!! Happy late birthday baby!!!!!
Legitimately one of my favorite songs, and I plan to live the lyrics.
haha I was like what?!?
They probably had alternate endings made if they didn't get picked up. *crossing fingers*
love ya schelf, be ya schelf, put ya schelf- on a schelf
RT Rookie of the year: CJ Sapong. <hear that ?>
Favorite movie you've seen recently?
Roll Tide!!!!
Texting half asleep <<<
Baseball HOF pitcher Phil Niekro to throw out first pitch @ tonights congressional baseball game @ Nats stadium
LOL. As soon as my finances are right I will be buy'n a Macbook as well...!
justify the cost of my season tickets.
na uh cause I use my blinkers when I drive!! Haha 👳
“: A Chevy shout out to our new followers Thanks for your support :-)” no, thank you
Hey! Just saw pics of the kids. So adorable! Hope all is well. Would love to come visit. :)
roger, thanks so much :) glad you're enjoying it!!
eww how I hate mornings
#First20SongsOnShuffle "Feel Good"- skip 18 songs then "Passin' Out Money"
Yep, I think you'll like it... I'm intrigued by it. And wow, couldn't be more different from their other show!
We had a great session with yesterday. IMPROVING EVERYDAY!!
Thanks!! Can't wait 4 U to meet her. More pics to come :) XO
Is the recipe good?
“: Has Messi had a shot NOT blocked by a #Chelsea defender...? And: Drogba's got to stop with that. #seriously”
Have a great evening!
thank you all:D I do care about my fans! RT : Yes it's cool It shows you...
The combination of pizza, popcorn and soda never fails to bring back memories of Friday nights as a child.
Fans like me around the world are over the moon with joy for you! You deserve every bit of it! Enjoy tonight!!
I love waking up on Mondays to cross off newly released tracks from my need to find list. Mondays don't suck after all
Welcome Tom. While we won't solve the world's problems, we will do some cool shit.
just heard #stains on and about the grand rapids show. .stoked. !!\m/
“: When artists become their coaches... rocking a very ensemble. Is that ? #TheVoice” haha
Literally had the most random night with ! Watch out for creepy McDonald's man tonight
40 more followers to go til we hit 4,000. RT and help me get there. You guys are the best! <3
7 more days ! I cant wait:)
#HowImGRAND I keep my family close to my heart. <3 They're my everything!
people are dumb.
"Tri-hipster area" - I love it!
happy birthday Lisa!!! i may or may not wish you happy birthday in class tomorrow on account of the balcony is so nice now
make sure you get your club site up and running, www.racenation.com is the best tool online for #training and for
Listening to #LoudMusic by always puts me in a good mood. Love the summery music video on such a cold cloudy day.
Coming up next: A very special #DrPhil ..A white trash family showdown!
Goodbye paper flashcards indeed. Thank you for spreading the word, Desiree! Review, flip, quiz, repeat.
Thanks very much!
Stressed. Finals. You?
16 & Pregnant was so last year. 12 with Chlamydia is much more entertaining. Keep up MTV. You're losing your target audience.
It aint like Kobe was gnna make tht shot...so stop hating on Steve Blake....Lakers just tall and old!!!
what I can't figure out is where was the threat to GZ? He created the situation that led to #Trayvon's death.
My comfort zone is not a place where I can grow in faith. Being uncomfortable essentially ends up being a vehicle for total reliance on God.
People say ‘Major is happy, minor is sad.’ If the world was that simple it would be a pretty different world.
I Think You Should Know That I'm Eating Jelly Beans .. :D♥
Eff my back. Sick of this pain. Damn car accidents.
American dreams came true somehow, I swear I'd chase until I was dead. I heard the streets were paved with gold, that's what my father said.
E. Karl Boegner is the owwner and Winemaker of Wolf Mountain Vineyards and Winery in Georgia.
and my Mickey sweater! :)
So my trainer want me to so corset training I'm scared cause they say that ur bones break wen u wear it ugh I'm scared but i have to do it
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
what was the code for?:[
Is there a problem in mainstream record biz when guest artist #LadyAntebellum isn't as good as the contestants who lost on #thevoicefinale?
The longer I sit in this chair, the sleeper I get!
Does anyone else think they should fly the #TimesSquare ball at halfmast in honor of #DickClark passing away?
Jamming out to Appalachian in the car
What a fxcking night. Now I'm more confused than ever
heard your call on and am wandering what coach that's available would b a good replacement for Haley
It's official. Jani Lane died from acute ethanol poisoning. That's alcohol poisoning.
Hanging at the stash bash with the coolest person I have ever met !!
Mia boat show this week, So Be food and wine next week.
Q1: drink a 10 oz glass of tart cherry juice
just cuz i wouldnt give my bro $5 so nite if i dont get off ill get wooped again so goodnite
only got 1hr of sleep
That's appropriate then... kinda...
Does it bother anyone else when they use movies as book covers?
This is why I'm hot lol
It's so amazing hearing play experiment at our concert tonight w and
I feel like I chose my twitter friends well, since I've seen nothing but anger and disappointment over NC.
Bills look good, dad may take me to a game later this season.
L.A. stands for Lapsed Adulthood.
Great read. The more I see of Romney, the more his outright sense of entitlement shines through.
New app Tongue Tango!
It's too early to be gossiping , these girls is some weirdo's
got them to call me. they are still going to "get back to me" too. fingers crossed it works out for us both!
Getting ready to head to a wedding in chicago. Casual Hawaiian themed pig roast. Should be interesting!
Google+, asking me to + things with 700 +'s, which in internet terms is no one. We have made games that get more action in a week.
I was pretty busy coming out of the holidayz with these silk scaves. you gottahave one.....404.454.7271 get at me!!!!!!!!!!
that pic is photo shop right because if its not....
we miss you too!
The blues had a baby and they named her rock n roll!!!!!!
Stop playing PR politics and do your job. The American economy is a lot more important than Norquist's pledge
Don't forget our new happy hour special from 5-7. Buy any whiskey drink and get your burger half off!
I want a cat so badly . If someone gives me a cat I'll love you forever .
Who's "In-tha-know" for saving me some money on tickets to see 'O' at Bellagio?? April 6th!
y didn't u say happy birthday to me austin:((that hurt my feelings
POTUS announces fewer dropped calls. Apparently he's nationalizing AT&T. I totally saw that coming.
we reconnected thru FB (her sister's) Living in Boise for 20 years and never knew she was here 10yrs longer than I.
Starting my birthday celebration today with a massage! Grateful for so much today!
My God is the beginning and He's the end yea yea yea He is El Shaddai.
Tavon Austin is also the man
RT : bumper sticker from : "I don't break for dead nodes." Find us at the summit next week to get your own :)
TREE INFO-Don't forget to water!
Nice! Did you work on their sites?
Story of my life haha RT : Oh, that sounded a tad harsh. Let me attach "lol" at the end of it to make it all better.
Would prob have been more if there had been ANY phone/wifi in conf space! MT : 455 unique twitterrers have used the #saa11 hashtag..
need some bubble gum yum
Miami, you wanted Lesnar and you got Lesnar.
A Separation was a fantastic film! Go watch it!
Has he lost his mind? Can he see or is he blind?
Tune into #johnjayandrich!! We have on the show and much more!!
If you don't want to follow me, just let me know. No hard feelings.
Elbow: stiffness with pain when bending and straightening the arm
LOL ... I hope you're right!
I also get spoken to in Russian, asked to translate Russian or asked if I am Russian every week
Great turn out last night at BrickHaus Art Space. Come back in Dec, I'll have an installation in the gallery & we'll dance the night away.
your music rocks!
Love the ghetto.
We have one, too, and love whenever he snuggles. Love that of all the square feet avail, he chooses the one closest to us.
followedd(: love your twitter name!
We are closing in on Christmas, don't have any gift ideas? Why not try a GPS Tracker for a change? Safety is important this holiday season.
look at "Bomb magazine"
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of l. O. V. E. hatred & attitude tear us entirely.
win a private movie party in r private theater 4 you & 20 of ur closest friends 4 1 night, pizza and popcorn included
precisely, we're actually the new house band at qualcomm stadium with the dead, croce and Yusef Islam. check us out some time.
um that better be me.
Kevin's hilarious!!
What's the haul? Good pack job, too.
Yayyy RT : Safe travels to dad..see ya next time!
My phone dies faster than in Stomp The Yard...!!!!! lol
Today I gained a really hot follower! He shall never know I am speaking of him though! ;) haha! :P
im from the states, and i never hear that... :D! its so cool!
they need a fenway dvd!
haha those are all on my list too, except I want the macbook air! :)
Clint Eastwood...applause to you!! USA is bouncing back!
“: #HoodMemories water balloon blaster guy”
I love boys
Could it be 2007 all over again?
My biz partner says everything will be signed this week to open the new restaurant. Ugh. Then I have to start DOING it. Whose idea was this?
haha nope rachel and kristen are asleep! Hahaha but steph and like 4 other people are well not anymoree (:
you have our support! blessings and thanks for your help
I have #Swag (: enough said
...Annie Leibovitz is a phenominal talent in photography, and a most deserving recipient!!! Wonderful news!
Postin on the roof tanning... Rough day
OH "donuts. donuts. Look coo-coo donuts"
Where's Sarah Palin?
man i need to get back to scool i have to work out
we never talk anymore
I am saying. We come back from one week off and we got like 20 redgheaded girls.
oh damn, smdh
cool video about Ron Howell
....thank you Jesus.
*goes in for a hug
I had no idea you could actually do that
Reds need to step it up
BIG POOL PARTY IN LAS VEGAS SOMETIME IN JULY. Stay tuned for more details
Nap time. Got 2 Austin restaurants to hit up tonight.
“: Tell Meredith I'm glad she's ok!” i will! thank you :)
CLub #26ten tonight whoop!!!
“: Unless you are a woman or a man over 50, never use a push cart #pussy #carryit #GolfProblems” hahahaha!
Today I finally had one of those days where I wake up and say: "Damn, I look good today".
O don't need new follower.
Rihanna sure is gettin alot of rotation @ the radio station today
Idk why Blake tries to do anything besides dunk... He has no offense. Same for Jordan
Where were you when the lights went out in East Harlem, NYC, on November 9th, 1965? Do you remember?
Got to meet today (:
good choice...ive never made homemade banana bread before.. gotta see if i have enough bananas! lol :]
Last notice: we are going to be at 21/J tonight 6-7pm giving away 26 tix to our grand opening.
I'm curious if is letting me down again... I Think yes...
And Bynum has the record for most blocked shots in a playoff game
At UFEST but i forgot my camera
can't wait!
#MilwaukeeDictionary Put some smell good on: go to nearest Boston Store or Macys to spray some tester cologne on before going out to club
Yes...I am both!
Thank you! A decision I'll need to sleep on :) RT : Aw good luck Lois!! I'm sure you'll pick a beautiful dress!
Anyone ever spin fire? Do you think its really necessary to go about taking workshops for it, thinking of signing up for a workshop in LA.
I am disapointed!
Hey Chris, whatsup <3 miss you! Cant wait to see you again(:
Happy birthday to :)
We do indeed. ": Dear reporters covering protests in bulletproof vests: we all think you're goofy.".
And keep your feet underneath.
Great breakfast key with Ian Vaughn, COO of Raising Canes!
#NFLPA Exit Symposium: inspire them to feel connected to the game, their community & the NFLPA when they formally leave the playing field.
How Apple Can Clean Up in the Living Room - TechNewsWorld
Its my 21st birthday bitches!!!!!!!!!!!
There is at least one massive class action suit. This is going to be big.
Nick:*Talking to Shannon* "Let's adopt a black baby and make him our slave. We'll call him Toby." Lmfaooo!!!xD
ohh. Okay thanks
If you don't concern yourself with stereotypes, why are you painting with such a broad brush when you rally against "Liberals"?
Thanks Mark!
So Derrick Mason doesn't want to retire as a #Jet? I figured Rex could have convinced him.
- best writing tip "there's no such thing as too much copy; Only boring copy"
The #TebowGotTradedFor comments are great. It's the top trending topic worldwide right now
sounds good to me!:) I agree with you. Thank you.:):)
OMG we're having the best time!!
“: Suns out guns out, get it bro”. YessssZir!
I love that place!!
taking my og out to eat..
yes & also recognize we r in uncharted h2o... the creative unknown
you should get some. You are so young if you start now with Argan oil you will be ageless!
dude I'm running around screaming that I'm going to see and wants to kill me
Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.
It was nice meeting you this morning at #smckc!
me too. get well soon!
Keep it up ! RT"Today it was the best day ever because I went to field trips but this one was what we never learned, how to do books."
"The Love Song of J. Alfred Proofread"
Great stuff. RT : Forget Chelsea. Brilliant performance by Great use of Twitter, insight into paper journalism.
we are reading this week about technological change and what libraries might do to maintain access to outdated info formats.
If Louisville played like this all year they would have beat UK, uhh never mind.
I broke an #ARROW with my #NECK at
they've been busy. I wouldn't call it terrible. Great products just wanted to make them aware of the technicals.
": I guessing when Twitter was invented no one envisioned live Deion Sanders domestic dispute updates"
Nice one. A little big for our room though...
That was the only Suits photo for now but glad it gave you so much pleasure. :)
its on!>RT : Yeppers! U have missed 4 performances/interviews, but we pick back up tomm! Tomm nite,
After about three minutes, I finally realized what I've been listening to is an electronica version of Bolero. Sigh...
...the missing words were "petroleum derivatives."
Everybody talks & everybody listens & some how the truth just comes up missin.
I'm wearing pants bc I'm not sliding in shorts
Run a Relay at the Chicago Marathon with Hope Solo And the U.S. Soccer Team! photo: Facebook.com/ChicagoMarathon Do you love soccer, runnin
Speaking of which... I need some for the weekend!
Maybe later <3
RT : It's 5 o'clock everyone! Let the weekend fun begin....
what's the flight #?
:) one month!
loving some of your photos from when u 1st got to NY! too funny...great meeting you last night!
Yes - to each of those explanations.
Poetry slam round 2!!
Last call at 1am. Aaaaannnnddd go!
"Find out what you want to do every day for the rest of your life and do that – you can find a way to monetize it." ~
Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you. -Jeffrey Gitomer
Why would you want to study buckets? /s/ 6 “: Think how different things would be had I continued with paleontology instead”
The B is closed today in preparation for Baltimore Web Slam, we are sorry for the inconvenience but we will see you this weekend!
I like it!
- bs spam, thx
#quotes I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
I agree, though killing a man (or kid) should be presumed to be an unlawful act until that investigation is complete. T or F?
perry will be fine. Thompson is a god and I know all about my team thanks
I discovered I always have choices and sometimes it's only a choice of attitude - Judith M. Knowlton
all of your tweets should be updates about your butt's wetness level. This could be your thing!
Gotta get up early..
Happy Mothers Day to some pretty fantastic moms! You know who you are. xoxo
Happy New Years Twitter! Let's hope for good things in 2012 :)
Encourage all of your followers to follow and to join The $1 Million Facebook Experiment.
This is the power hour baby! The line is around the corner at The Hudson
uh oh!!! Look who's learning her twitter talk!! #tookyoulongenough :)
hehehe I kno it was in good fun! U stoping by DC Reynold's 4 d Caps game? BTW, I am going 2 put d "south petworth" joke on d vid
I can't wait either, should be a great presentation!
Mrs classy Mrs right want sun 1 I can shair my basketball storys with ....
ain't that the truth :P
Is a legal framework necessary or even welcome in the community? asks
- I can't wait to read it! Plz come to Pittsburgh if you do a book tour! :)
no problem, I know how hard it is to hire
Anyone getting in for #ala11 at 11:15 tonight want to split a cab to the Sheraton downtown?
Just bought The Hunger Games on my Kindle for iPad..let's see what all this commotion is about.
Shout out
they will beat the bulls not the heat tho
Let's plan on this Sun, unless I hear otherwise from you.
RT if you love your Hispanic GRANDerz!
Archaeology Agora - transdisciplinary approach brings new knowledge; new ways of thinking - applied to real-world societal issues
Ditto to the #TRMA585 class, and so glad you could be a part :)
Have you seen the homepage of the IndyStar today? That little red rat almost cost me my laptop! Creepy!!!
Obama -- I love a man with the facts and the numbers.
Someday, a company's launch of its "official social media" pages will not be considered a press release-worthy event.
gotta forget about this game and bounce back we can still do this.
That's pretty intense. Stay dry up there
