he is on his game tonight, I think he has five strikeouts and his velocity on the fastball has hit 96. His curve is on too
Loving and their work ethic! #nodaysoff workout tonight was of a true champion
Dignity Health () has signed an asset purchase agreement w/ for the sale of St. Mary's Regional.
....Be the water, not the rock. The rock becomes eroded, while the river is ever changing....
In US military policy leaders say 2 "listen 2 commanders on ground" but when top #Israeli General says Iran not yet a threat America scoffs?
K, I'M IN SHORTS & WANT A BEER, ANY SUGGESTIONS????
getting a shoutout from #DPLA John Palfrey - talking about scanebago.
Speaking in 3rd person is the new Speaking in Tongues.
oh wait!!! No takebacks?
I really truly believe it
I'm so there. RT" Getting ready for tonight's LA gig at Room5! Come by! Full set - 7:45pm. W/Ian walker & "
Welp there you have it. That's the game.
at normal universities, lots of students wear the school sweatshirt...but at hunter only the continuing education students do
Got a novel in your head? Jus' Write It.
baha it's cuz it's mother's day.
SOMONE STOP ME IN DOIN DAMAGE IN THE BOOTH THE MIXTAPE IS GOIN TO BE CRAZY AF WIZ N TEZ THE GREEN PILL LOOK FOR IT NIGGA !!!!!!
White Crosses was awesome. Check yo' self.
Your gonna have bad karma homegirlllll
I am so inpatient.
In time. Probably about one week's time. Be sure to check us out at www.hubigs.com or hit us up on the telly @ 1-800-232-0269
Lunch is served All you can eat tacos at 5pm for $4.50.
hey does arrowhead have some surprises for us Monday??
one of the things we pride ourselves in is knowing the history of our ancestors & upholding that tradition.
RT : Keep getting DMs that someone is saying bad things about us. It's the internet 2012. This isn't news for any band.
Interesting development for, The Artist Trilogy yesterday... not to see how it plays out.
RT : Wish I could be reading this book on ;(
wtg justin!! I was somewhere behind you...you are a fastie!
A bacon mug filled with cheddar cheese...hmm...
I'm on your facebook friend list
il call you mr beech
Love my girl!
"Books? What books? Must have forgotten to pick them up @ the talk!" ;-)
Feck Follow Friday! Follow
follow back plez :)
So hungry! Where's the chicken at?!
that's not offering. Lol
Kind of obsessed with my new Twitter background. Go me!
I think today I unfollow anyone who uses Favstar. Sorry. This ain't a contest.
“: do it do it do it! and congrats!” haha. I WILL!! and thanks girl!! :)
Use the "Automation" tool in Photoshop. Under the File menu I think.
Been waiting to play with you guys. 90s Trivial also works as a fall activity (and you'll have more time!)
Um, 2 months into my billing cycle, & I've already used two thirds of my cell minutes. Time to upgrade? & I may as well change carriers too.
Oh well
An cold, poorly thought and uninspired page. Funny how websites imitate life sometimes, isn't it?
LOL. So that's how they maintain top speed up Seattle hills :)
just found out that the next Hannah Montana will be played by Justin Bieber
Bout to hit my 7,777th tweet tonight
Morning meditation
Great Screening of PHOTO FINISH @ Chico's Jazz Bar in Asbury Park, NJ for Garden State Film Festival.Got great feedback on my comedic chops!
Best wishes to all my friends and colleagues at #litaforum - have fun!
"The only breath that you can actually pay attention to is the one you're now engaged with." - Saki Santorelli (a cool breathing dude)
excited to be following ! My hometown hero! :) (if a grocery store can be heroic, that is)
Hulu Plus ennui...
we're officially in oklahoma now!! about 26 minutes from our hotel.
Messing with metatags
The guitar doodle today is awesome!!
did my nails pink and thought about you lol
lol what the world? who done that?
All those fairy tales are full of shit. one more fucking love song i'll be sick.
done teaching for the week, now back to writing....
Living it up with vitamin water haha
Fuse Science Announces Continued Advancement Of Commercialization Strategy
tweeted yuhh :D
haha their strategy must be working!
Just sitting on my couch and I think prince fielders home run ball just went by my window!!
- the greatest of chefs think alike!
Genghis Cohen. Tonight. 7:30 P.M. I'm headlining. , feature, and hosts. Please support $8 No drink min
I used to be able topick out my own clothes
To make a million, start with $900,000, Morton Shulman A billion here, a billion there, and pretty soon you are talking big money
Another win the O's would not have had last year.
Hey hey hello!!!
Thanks for following me back. You are awfully good to be so young. <3<3<3
You are very welcome :)
I fucking hate when people snitch on me
Does softball count? If not, I also make a mean egg-free "single serving" cookie dough!
I'm calling it now: Mat Gamel HR on opening day. Book it!
maris+ryan win for hotness, but they could never beat seth+sum for cute/nerdness. OC4Lyfe!!!
happy (late) new year! hmm im hoping 2010 will be a good one..its been good so far! :)
We are in solo singer artists heaven
lol! Omg, I can't watch that show , even with me on it, it sucked!! Lol
Fan appreciation night is always a great time to see the fans get surprised with great prizes..bummed im I'm Dayton and can't attend
Half of my diet is bar fruit..
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes.~Cicero~
I ordered your dress and Thank you
I just saw a picture of Adele and it was NOTHING what I thought she looked like. Weird how you can create an image of someone.
- do you like unicorns ?! I like unicorns :3
no it's awesome!!! So not only do I get mistaken for being Arab all the time, but my twitter handle actually spells it!
anyone web designers looking for a job in our brand new, beautiful, downtown Baltimore (Fell's Point/Canton) office? HIRING!
:: Will Mike Jacobs make it back from Madison in time to anchor Live on ? Or will I be on the anchor desk? Tune in to see!
So outta of it life sucks man
S/o 2 errbody dat wake up and smoke...
Happy National Margarita Day!
ya to me it don't smell like no hard boiled ....lol
'age |attends gay ass school | stays partyin | follow cuz swag |' YOU CAN GO SHAVE YOUR BACK NOW
But I Love the ablative absolute!! A world without it is like a cat without a purr... - DvL
Oh my, you've got to be kidding me....
A bird that you set free may be caught again, but a word that escapes your lips will not return.
You know the saying about being part of the problem or part of the solution. Yeah. This is part of the problem(s)
Beyond excited for how this story on affordable housing is shaping up...
do you like our icon? (;
Hot shooting start tonight for both and , 21-32 combined.
follow back? Ive been following for evahh
thank you! Take care..
Joseph may be the one to hold me and catch my tears. But Lea's the one that can read my mind, and feel my pain and agony:) OneAndOnly<3
#PromoWednesday is upon us! Send me your stuff and I'll pimp it, RT it, put it in the Podcast, post it to Facebook, whatever!
Thanks. Can you follow me so i can send the DM?
Just so we're all clear here, David West is Beast.
Why would you try on shoes or even ask for help while your in mid conversation. I'm not a mime I don't read signals.
Come to Stone Mad!
The debate taping finished up about an hour ago. It's a hot one! Watch it at 7pm on KING 5 #seattle ^jh
No. Its just... 9 year old looking...
The Vow was incredibly amazing. *sigh* I am such a girl. :')
I'll send you some! YAY!
You can come work for me and I'll go home and unpack and clean.
Biplane design hopes to resurrect flight of the Concorde
A true friend stabs you in the front.- Oscar Wilde RT
Mom at the hospital hope see okay my head startin to hurt
Thx 4 the heads up on your hacking.I got your DM, didn't open it, but i don't know how to get rid of it . Do you? “
While anyone is at it, how about shopping cart/inventory recommendations for #joomla and #wordpress?
Couples that eat each others face in a hallway
re: Voguing ... that takes me back! That video was my favorite at the time. Have fun!
My daughters have booked July 14 at midnight for HP7 Part 2. I just got turned on to the London Premiere red carpet event.
Homework. Outside. Eat. Shower. Sleep. :D whatta wonderful sched!!
ask for my wine at Phillipe Chow! Castronovo!!!!!
yes! It will be on the must do list for this summer!!
no doubt!
My Lip Gloss is poppin, is poppin, is popppin.
I'll see what I can do!
Did you know - wow is spelled backwards in Australia!
Hello New York! You have a lot of traffic for 10pm on a Thursday.
has no clue how much we did to meet him today + i was on crutches and the fact i was dispointed and it wasnt me fault hurts
At the hospital seeing my dad zoned out uggh
how u doing luv?? Thanks for the follow.. 😉😉
Congrats 2 Rebecca S! She kicked off Team CIS fundraising on www.yourcause.com We are off&running towards our $25K fundraising goal!
Tailoring communications for each social media channel is key. -
college football scores
Holy Cow Are you serious? Hughes? Pull him
Fact- Over 12,000 Members, Jewish dating for free-no costs ever, #1 Free Jewish Dating Website Action- Join Today # www.supertova.com
Just learned that had a friend named Tootsie. I had a dog with that name. I had a friend Mitzie. She had a dog named Mitzie.
Organized/Disorganized profile emerged out of interviews with serial offenders. Desperately need more research on this.
LOL all in good fun :-)
BRO WHERE ARE YOU?
Bottlers calling this a discriminatory tax. I wonder if they would support revenue that is more equitable like a sales tax. . .prob not
Diesel got me lifted I guess i'm just flexinnnnn
At the Franklin Institute for the Phila Science Festival preview with and
Well look who it is
is my new favorite person. Thanks for the interview on Show 404, Thanks, Larry.
warming up to this whole kindle business, but mostly because I don't have to wait two days to read a book I want.
As far as tanning, I'm not against it if it's happening naturally like when you're outside normally.
Just sent your customer service team an e-mail. Terrible experience ordering from your distributors. What is up over there?
have my babies!
He just don't know I'm hitting this barber shop before I make this delivery.
how did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee... Before it was cool.
thanks for the retweet!
Patients who suffer from depression and who also have heart disease are almost five times as likely to die from heart disease.
The Headless Cabbie
got all fancy to see me, I guess we homies now. Grimey. Grimey. That's where u'll find me.
Love conversing with TV producers who need a balcony over looking the Vegas strip....30mins later we're at my condo shooting reality TV :)
did you just say a difficult thing in a simple way? See...WRITERLY. They grow up so fast...just to F you.
this is true. And my fave character isn't even a Stark. But I can't help but wonder where all the Stark-smiting comes from.
What a play by Aviles!
you would make my life if you tweeted me goodnight
Happy birthday Candace!!
There's no fat people in here so it has to be healthy, right?
I do RT a lot of your tweets. ANd I still need to send you my ideas on stopping all this BS!!!
That woulda been fun! But we're just smiling, answering many questions, welcoming people, and eating free food.
We fight, We yell, We cry, We stop talking, But we still love eachother.
you're all I've got
update on #inboxzero -- i'm down to inbox80. that's pretty good! for me! lol
The Oilers, 0-4-1 in their last five games after a 3-1 loss to the Phoenix Coyotes have already been mathematically eliminated playoff
MILLER PARK I AM IN YOU
that's awesome!
WHATS UP TIP? BLESSING MY BROTHER
That awkward moment when Valentines Day is around the corner and the only person that loves you is your mom.
You hate the fact that you bought the dream And they sold you once
Man this state is built on Bs!!! How do thy expect folks to survive n thr taxn double n trible....
I wanna freak in da mornin', a freak in da evening.......... Just like me!:)
Maybe if he hadn't made Jingle All the Way, he'd have had a shot
Alright ! okay thanks girl !
You be lieing to yourself pshhh!
Why is every player pointing up at the stands after they make a play?!? Come on....act like you've been there!
i retweeted the dolphin thing just for your benefit
Hope everyone is having a great post-Thanksgiving weekend.
#Merry&Bright opening day! Enjoy family crafts 11 - 2, and a performance by the Mobile Millennium Carillon at 2pm.
I leave for St. Petersburg in the morning, time to take my butt to bed, night :)
As inheritors of an extraordinary tradition, Trojans must remember not just to fight onward, but to fight inward —Varun Soni. #uscgrad” whoa
Hoping the rest of the day goes by fast so the weekend can begin. This has been a LOOOOOONNNNNNNGGGGGGGG week.
Let me start this day with a healthy breakfast and a workout. Then poker all day including the 2500 8game WSOP at 5pm
haha that's true!! But sometimes it makes things difficult!!
dont be mean to my MAN hes mine and i will stand up for him although i do love you to
another day in the life
Be wary of raising $ from friends and relatives. You are betting more than money!
requesting to hear please
Two more days until our show with and !!! Have you gotten your presale tickets yet?
Enjoyed "Miss You (Dance Version)" by The Rolling Stones on Pandora
will not be attending #saa2012 due to work schedule. disappointed, was hoping to network/schmooze, will have to settle for following tweets
next week I'm off thurs fri and sat
Free pass no cooking tonight! Magarita time! I'm so hungry I think I over ordered!
Writing to an awesome track!
You too, Beth! Big plans? RT : Hey #usguys Have a great weekend.
Sun's out to say hello now!
Happy Fathers Day!
Follow back, Luke?! I have a friend named Stoney that looks/acts just like you (; heehee.
Logged on and getting info on PR agencies, publicists, studios, contacts, etc. Feel free to lend a hand!
I stayed with my parents and I met up with some of my friends that live down there
cant wait till u cross ova
this is amazing. Hey have you seen all the update vids yet? You might like!
over 400 turned out for the Senior Luncheon at St.Ben's! A big thank you to the Northcenter Chamber for being such a great partner.
#exercise: for better #workout results, take your normal routine & making it more challenging. As your exercise evolves, so will you.
no prob. i am, and you? it's time for a lunch. let's try to get together in the next couple of weeks.
wonderful to meet you last night!
So excited - RENT opens in two weeks. :)
whats good sir ???
Welcome Back! Best wishes for another great school year to all of our friends, families and educators in Southern Nevada.
ESPN has the best commercials.
Looking forward to charging the #abq public to hear their mayor speak tomorrow. Who cares that he is a public servant, I need a manicure!
But the dance machine was fully operational (the karaoke machine broke #fail!!!!
AND they show you a PDF of their serves and stuff!!! Wow..wish I had known that sooner...
someone blocked friends request of me for 30 freakin days........... why????????
thanks babe! Love you to! 😉
Sore back and hips - to the rescue. Did Diamond Cutter and Red Hot Core back2back and feel much better. #BANG!
If you could have dinner at one of these TV show hangouts, which would you choose: The Regal Beagle, The Peach Pit or The Max? and why?
To all you females who don't suck dick, I hope your cause of death is CHOKING ON A DICK!!!!
Thats what Stalins "useful idiots" were for
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." - e.e. cummings.
People in my damn house won't leave me alone! leave me the fuck alone, I don't want to talk to anyone!
fucks wit it doe. .
lets hang out soon! :D
I'll be parking at "Palacio de los Jugos" and walk over before getting one of those dumb decals on my car.
Hm, we're investigating. Forgive us for the glitch.
very nice.
Shes always seeing some other guy's dick then making a lame excuse....
One of the fathers of hair dressing passed on today:(
I came home and told my husband we need to move to your neighborhood. So I can eat that bread everyday.
will will be at The Student Book Store during #PSU blue and white weekend!
let's hope we say the same about ny tomorrow.
Cool@ Do you have the menu? RT : 3 Monkeys is participating in #rva restaurant week for the first time this year.
got a track for you homie
Docusearch Expands Marketing Strategies for its Reverse Phone Number Lookup with Social Media and Video
funny Ann.... even though some of us like craft beer... you can add ciagrs.
Hawaii Kai. and awesome! another Hawaii ICONiac!!!
Beautiful night to kick it on your stoop with Schlafly's Summer Lager. Just saying.
atleast i didnt drop my phone all the way down the TKE cement steps tonight.....
I'm gonna go look at my searches, and then share them with you, and we can laugh together, and then you can go shower please.
Perfect name for Apple's new carrier: "iT&T"
Yum! I love ricotta gnocchi! So much easier to make than the potato kind...and tasty, too!
all gravy! We had too much fun to notice :) congrats on pulling off such a great event!
IDK WHAT TO DO MORE I BEEN TRYING #3YEARS 4 U 2 NOTICE ME/FOLLOW ME!!!! :(
The comfort of a warm toilet seat comes with the discomfort of knowing it was just used.
Love the new Nat Geo Explorers Site! Check it out. Joshua Howard, Photojournalist, Filmmaker -- National Geographic: via
Welcome Crazy liberal. Send all your liberal friends to me.
Levis wit the LV belt nigga I'm fin to expose !!!!! #TRANSFORM Tuesday
what is your guess on the odds that he will do it?
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
me and my brother are actually already working on a web series similar to that.
This one is one of my favorites! Respect!
ps, have fun at #health2con - I was just there for some related events but am skipping the conf. will be there
Just tapped, Spire Dark & Dry Apple Cider (replaces Ace Berry Cider)
Baby you're the right kind of wrong
do you still have a problem with your laptop not charging? This could be a power cord or AC jack issue. $120 fixes it...
Wow, it's still foggy in Pine City, I was hoping for some sun.
Isn't it though? #HackProm would be better.
on the way to this queer track meet with and 2nd mom.
#wewontwork if you dont play a sport or do anything productive w/your life
Last one "Our Mutual Fiend"
Congrats to first demonstration sites: Cedar Falls, Mason City, Spencer + Waterloo! Entire state of Iowa is next!
F•L•O•R•I•D•A bound 💛🌴 we're so ready for this vacation!
with her pregnant corn in a cup ass! Herp Derp ass with MY HUSBAND! REFF❤
Thanks for the support everyone! ! We love you all & all the local love! Keep it up! Thanks for an awesome weekend & Happy Easter!
surree let me just figure out a song to sing in about two hours
This nigga is obviously Christopher Wallace. Rt if you think so.
Wonderful to see you team at the
I'm calling you out, not trying to convince you. Sad to see you use your influence to promote harmful + misogynistic views.
Y she b havn a temper!?
-We will have some ready & sent by Tuesday!
It's become cliche to humorously point out cliche.
I don't even wanna look at girl names because i have a feeling i will have a boy !
lovin' the Alabama bumps this morning, great show as always
94% go online to do research for school assignments; 48% do so on a typical day.
I cant wait to get the final video!!!
Attending session on managing mobile at
I like the timing of this Hossa call. Don't let Torres appeal his suspension without giving Hossa a word in the situation.
I don't believe in hell either, but I know teabaggers like you and Breitbart do.
I Been workin out bootz...bitch this body has to be n shape by next year..
“: I want to do bad things to Zac Efron!! He's of age, right?!?” Hey now ;)
thanks for the mention Ray, but the twitter handle is . Have a great Sunday!
“: Hey babe ( ) are we still going to get married?! Yes? Okay, good! 👍” He told me he said no..
A little humid....RT : Either it's really hot in Jacksonville or Romney is schvitzing because of this PAC chat.
May your prayer of listening deepen enough to hear in the depths the laughter of god. ~ John O'Donohue via RT
I'm downright giddy. T minus 26 hours til showtime! I'll have to ignore your thoughts until tomorrow evening.
Hi lover! You still at Lea? I have to stop by one of these days. xx
Yep I try I was also a Dancer/Gymnist/and Cheerleader
watching CNN. Looks crazy there. Keep us updated and stay safe. Xo
U have 2 watch it! it was def wackadoodle night! that snide stubborn wine guy was back again.
Bananas? I don't need no stinking bananas!
Scratch that. Sometimes the most difficult thing is reading directions
take a snapshot of the #Supermoon and send it our way for the #Lookup photo challenge. We RT the best. :)
I got hopes up because in the Wolves game he did things other than long jumpers. But Blazers front line is bad matchup.
Congrats Kelly! #womenofGoogle+
I'm cancelling all my films at the , going forward.
I'm lost ha! What are we talking about? My bad
I suppose I've been enjoying the Spring like weather a bit too much.... so Winter felt the need to pop by again.
cars with christian bumper stickers tend to: speed, cut you off, and swerve.
Love you and proud of you man! Can't wait to get back home and see you!!! Good luck!
I'm on the couch, tryin' to function
I listen sometimes. Gonna watch the lakers whop the celtics behind!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: it would be nice to see the draft Andrew luck
": Be strong & courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. -Josh 1:9"
I feel like Hollywood's whirlwind of shit is what my actual brain is like everyday.
Shut up 😊
Do you use DART?
yea I took the state board and got a 73% nigga I was so hot...im retaken it.tuesday
It takes approximately 1,000 years for a 259MB file to open.
"That's because those scholars aren't pressured to write like scholars." An anon agreeing w/ me that best Game Studies comes in blogs
thanks for the RT. How are finals?
When you finally find someone good, don't go looking for someone better.
The packers should pick up Timmy. Oh wait we have Aaron Rodgers.
Be sure to visit Booth #801 at ASHA. Awesome communication devices and educational tools!
They are. Different material.
Agreed": POST THE LINK WE NEED IT NOW #YOURGIRLDOESPARTY"
I think too much in the morning.
A guy on a plane told me when I reclined my seat, it crushed his knees. I told him that nothing gave me more pleasure than knowing that.
Slythergryff with a little bit of Hunger Games mixed in.
Happy Valentine's Day to all the lovely ladies
It'll get there soon. Let's hope, at least!
Haha, me neither!!
««how have you been?
Beauty is in your family ;)
bought more books from 4 magazine subscriptions and counting. too much reading material? nevarrr
Bummed to learn NBC's "SMASH" is NOT about the She-Hulk on Broadway.
Thank you for the comments. Yes, all of this is huge & should be known by all. The world needs to know about all of this ASAP.
And a middle-infielder has to bat second.
GO NUGGETS!!!!
I JUST REMEMBERED ITS MONDAY & ITS & 's YOU NOW & THAT MY MY DAY SOO MUCH BETTER <3
Twitter fans please like us on FaceBook Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving
The Game is here I'm ready for watever GOD has in store for me !!!!!!!¡
St patties day in Boston?? Nah it's Flyers day in Boston!
Home on a Friday night working on website orders, that's a good thing! But a nice cold beer sounds so good right now too!
S/O To My New Follower!(:
#kindofabigdeal that we have so many HD TV's we even have them in the bathrooms! Never miss a second of your favorite game
WHAT RNG AND MWC IN THE BOTTOM???
aw :))) your so sweet!! But you already have me babe
Almost out
Lunchtime. Back to your session rooms at 1 pm.
hey thanks for watching!
emotionally tired
Hi Kay!
Whew! Thank God helped us move out of that apartment... Huge help and thanks!
RT : About to start reading SILVER SPARROW by Tayari Jones. (May not be in bookstores yet.Check. She's a fine young writer.)
When the aid workers leave, that will be the end of
And the day has finally come ... so ready to enjoy the screening of #TheAvengers tonight :D
It's my birthday! Going out after work to KO's! Meet us there if you want! And send me T&A if not cuz who doesn't like boobs for their bday?
. Perhaps I should have said 89% complete.
It actually made me respect cena more to see that.
My bed is going to have. Long date ;)
Don't be made at mike brown the lakers lost n the second wit Phil last year
sorry to leave you hanging. Sometimes I'm just tweeting and not checking... :-)
I'm Team Fuck Skyrim, Play Sonic. Problem?
“: 4th caution after spins out. #NASCAR”-Busch radio- "Help me sweet baby Jesus!"
Check out the fresh GWB writeup served on NY music blog
if you didn't care you wouldn't have commented on anything Charles
I finished my last science lab of the year
Did you know that The 2012 Driecrtors Ball Film Festival is working to bring new business to Detroit. We could use your help!
Team prayer, boarded, waiting to take off
To go to the Lakers game or to not go to the Lakers game?...
Or if you wanna start now, us or send us a Facebook message to learn more. It's easy!
Cleaning champagne off my laptop. Another epic night.
Thing morning is perfect.
excellent race and year, 5 races, 5 different winners and teams, exciting year
Encouragement for the day: Your passion for what you love & the drive behind it has to be strong enough to overcome your doubt
If reinforcing action, you have to convey a win and pat your audience on the back.
good morning (:
I'm really digging the cooking theme for this year! What went into that decision? Are some of you handy around the kitchen?
"Charles retreated into his office; and he wept, his elbows on the table, sitting in his office chair, under the phrenological head."
Besides the big 3 (rg3, luck, t.rich) which nfl rookie premiere guy are you most excited for?
yeah, there is 4g.. There is also bogieG it's huge!
#NP FUTURE- Same d*mn time
To this day I still can't pop a bubble with bubble gum wtf I'm so ashamed lol
Have questions about #EFL, #TESOL, #TEFL? That's what we're here for! Just use #bridgeteflchat to send them in.
My novel is
What's the podcast about?
Come on ladies! All new class fitness and dance studio Jersey City! RSVP for Open House this Saturday Sept 17th! Superimpactfitness.com
The normal static electricty shock that zaps your finger when you touch a doorknob is usually between 10,000 and 30,000 volts!
at school they said u sound like a nigger lmao
RT : Great seats at the Charger game courtesy of ... Feet damn near on the grass!
": : great mtng today! #newark #ItsHappeningNow" big things to come!
lmao hell nah u fool boi, actually it'll make worst depend on if u hitting it rite
a fun one, still, i'm sure!
Backstage Stage in Atlanta watching Musiq Soulchild soundcheck! Very cool!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 15
’Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Ginger Carrot soup and Cauliflower. Sugar free lemonade is Blueberry Mint
Lunch time Milwaukee! What will you be enjoying on our patio today?
Reminder that signed programming agreements (with arcs) are due by 5 pm this Friday, March 25th!
WOW Colts to release Peyton Manning
I think I wanna get on her computer
Ran 6 miles today. Boom holla.
IMMA TAKE CONTROL OF THIS RELATIONSHIP, COMMAND IT
Did you know Shorty's has lunch specials starting at $4.99? Try a 1/4 Chicken with french fries, coleslaw, and garlic bread!
It's true, nation passed judgment on LMJ after LSU loss: East Coast voters won't shake visions of him being hesitant
kind of obsessed with kale in my juicer right now. ...
Try and fail is the manner of losers; try and learn is the way of the strong.
Im so happy for he looks so happy out there. Good to see the guy finally getting to enjoy some success
I'll hurt my friend if it means helping them in the end. People won't learn until they get burned by the fire.
happy birthday, kiddo xox
Changing your state (the way you sit, walk, talk) will transform the way you feel. Determine how you want to feel and act accordingly!
that young mac page! 😂
What are you going to do? Invade the place lol?
RT It's my 1 yr anniversary from graduating from the place i will always call home!!
., only uses twitter to talk, never to answer questions.
Watching these partisan bumbling idiots in Washington just wears me down.
If Rebecca Black's "Friday" and 's "Friday Night" went up against each other in hand-to-hand combat, who would win?
no prob fam... Just get it to me when you can
you should clean out your comics and video games cause those are just in your way
The videos and covers for the "What Makes You Beautiful" cover/music video contest have been amazing so far. Keep rocking out.
That is a hollow, backpedaling response. We are watching what you do, not believing what you say.
Opening day Baseball!!! Let's go Giants!!
How they going to try and take kickoffs out of football?! Wth
cooper has a Twitter.
It's 85 degrees in So Cal. Heading to the studio to drop the vocals for "Mr DooRight" then off to the beach. Who's hitting the beach today?
lol lr maybe I'll let them shrink so there extra tight on you(:
Bonnie Rait ROCKS. Such a JOY to hear her right now, a total joy!
I love it .
thanks for the follow. May God bless you out of your mind.
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know how driven and passionate I am
the real tonypluh is way better at it all!!
Hey Trey anything new>
Wow! Great video! Looking forward to hear what's coming next! All the best~
Thanks Brother!
Oh gosh, that's so PRETTY!! I love this, thanks for sharing your ideas :)
Hilary, yes, let's chat more about the style show, can you chat later this week?
“: Those New York-Presbyterian commercials get me every time.” Me too-- amazing and emotional.
No time like the present!
ty to all my new followers... look forward to chatting with you soon.
#NP Right & Wrong - Mario .... This song is the ish!
if ya'll missed out on chocolate chip banana bread today in the crc, you really missed out. am i right ?
I didnt change, I grew up. You should try it sometime... 👌
half-disconnected
#WhatMakesMeSmile when and talk on twitter(:
where do you expect Gausman to be drafted?
Screen printing with real coffee??? Talk about environmentally friendly inks. Ideas!!!
I need to invest in a lie detector test
unfollow this page and follow
DM me your number and I'll text you. I've been at Evolve too. Madigan is second to none coaching stand up. Dude is amazing!
Mother wanted a minister, but he popularized the term hooker for whore. GENERAL HOOKER'S GALby CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
don't they pretty heavily imply it's a nuke?
Congratulations to those who were successful at testing on Saturday. We will let you know when your BPAD is graded.
yeah she's def good at it :) lol awe I bet he was. He looks like the cuddling type. Im sure Mowgli will be to as he becomes more
Love the shout out to from #annromney!
Wut up doe!--> Hello. how are you today #GhettoTranslations"
H2O based stains have a ring/outline on the outside. 2 treat it wash the garment & let it air dry. Don’t machine dry unless it was removed.
I just got game from my softball game!! We won 17-7!!!! HAD THE BEAT GRANDSLAM EVER!!!!!
I could care less about all you sluts at Brandeis.
Yo life crazy right now but ya know I'm still frinding, mixtapes coming soon The Reign Is Over!
Despite popular belief is a atrocious basketball player
Korean Airlines Jetliner Lands After Bomb Threat - ABC News
TAKIS . SO GOOD , BUT SO HOT .
I'm awake, I'm awake... Top5 night... But, now I feel like an extra from
Robin sez reasons u need an e-reader. No.1.: makes you a better readers' advisor. Read while in line, exercising & lunch
I know. No time for twitter while feeding a baby. Ugh. Will tweet from work again.
Q&A - what was the last song you uploaded and the most played on your ipod?(:
Lol! I felt they tried too hard to make her appealing. Hence, I ended up with Nazi-Ashley in that play thru
remember when my dad was gonna get a mo-ped and we were gonna turn it into a Harley or a speed bike hahah
I'M THERE lol RT : ASIAN FESTIVAL next weekend come thru for some good food n some pretty asian women lol
Happy Earth Day!
Catch 22,Were built on 90's,baby on cover of nevermind is now 20 something. The upper end likes it, does the young end care?
If You Pay Attention...Scoobey Doo Is The Biggest Stoner Movie
the Hoy people must stay together I have been one for 47 years
summer vacation is over and school is tomorrow, great....
- Yukon Learning will be there...stop by and see us in Booth 300...be sure to grab a Rapid Course pig while you are there. :)
Wow that is crazy! I can't imagine how many other skinny dipping scenes we may have missed!
yes! you look so gorgeous!!!
shawty right there,
So awesome to hear! The great feedback to my class has been touching and motivating :]
his tone just drives me nuts. I don't want anyone to win this election
My pleasure. Good stuff!
bad day at work dont want to cook ask for our picosos family pack look us up on yahoo picososmexicanfood.com we deliver
what's the guys YouTube account that sounds like cartmen
The awkward moment when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it velociraptors
It's super weird, yet nice to wake up in my own bed! #IMissYouSoSoBad!
Aw, hang in there! I was jobless for 13 months once!
Debating wearing these yoga pants to work tonight
Apartments for Rent Akron | Akron Apartment Rentals apartments for rent akron,akron apartment rentals
Thank you for coming to share key insights with us!
New workout class tonight. Seemed low impact, but I'm sure I'll change my mind in the morning!
waiting for you to follow me? :)
hey why do "they" always tell you to throw away water you've soaked beans in? seems like there might be nutrition in there . . .
#NW an all new episode of #PrettyLittleLiars on -A
#CNNdebate White men hating on women. How did they ever get a woman? Romney, oh yeah - money.
Big earthquakes today in Japan and India, medium one here. Is Mother Nature showing her displeasure w/ the oil BP is gushing in the Gulf?
I hate when videos take long to load-__-
Quote of the day: "Forget love, I'd rather fall in chocolate". We LOVE this!
God isn't listening to you. Maybe YOU should actually do something about your problems.
"This just in - Powersauce .... is Amazing!!!"
i feel pretty smart for getting rid of my smart phone.
Visit here then.. It will be easier..
yess....his name is
That's really hot. ;)
the difference is that she doesn't have a to make delicious chicken tortilla soup!
Pretty sweet to see front and center on www.espn.com!
Starting #insanity in a week. Just purchased.
1-10 ratio ;D I'm a beast.
: stop what?
being logged out during the specific job questions section (after redirecting to their site) was the worst bc I wrote the answers..
We gon learn today!! Alright, alright, al rriigghhtt!!! Rippa is the deal!! Press play!!
I'll play and sing it for you when it's done! :)
had an awesome visit with Matt & Priscilla Fugar in Bellevue, NE and ate the best freakin' hamburger and pickles (according to Heather!).
Great shoot tonight. One down, two more to go...
Life Is Only What U Make It (the sky is the ________
can you follow back it will make my day if you did :)
In the studio with make sure you all tune in now!! Max 94.1
I hate #burgerking new fries
Of course! We love you guys :)
Thank you!
well your twitter post annoy me lol
A livechat ! It's so sweet to you.
Any estimate on when #Geode2020 would be available for purchase and it's targeted price?
Mission accomplished
Corey Hart ousted Jim Hart - former STL Cardinals QB
Hell yeah. Sleep when dead!
I want to cap this doctorate thesis paper w/ some brilliant cultural insight. Anyone have video of that seagull hitting Fabio in the face?
I've been up since 6:30. I don't have work til 4 :( I'm not happy about it
I saw that and my reaction was pretty much, “WTF? Why does this ad exist in 2012?”
Two flights, 0 working TVs/headset jacks. So disappointing! Can I get a voucher for next time? 4-20 flight 683 and 4-23 flight 686.
RT RT : Quote Of The Day: "Take risks. If you win, you will be happy. If you lose, you will be wise.”
you know nickname is Cat Daddy!
Dropping Justin off for his sleepover at Zac's. Already in his PJs. D'aw.
Meep Up: Thursday February 23rd. 3:00pm at Jack Wills. Hope to see you guys there! Bring anything 1D related! haha x
Apparently it's "Textgram", not "Tweetgram".
Book Launch and reception this Friday, 1/28 at 10:30AM in MICA Falvey Hall for "Making History/Making Art/ MICA". Come enjoy the discussion!
I am greater.
would you be interested in interviewing young midas?
twitter tool bar installed,has an interesting music thing. working on expressiaann today. p.s. its raining outside.
RT Can't argue with that!! ««live by that shit
ur funny :) and i know how u fill at least your cat didnt throw up on it :/ now that was gross :/
YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS?Tweet us your favorite picture of #justinbieber and we'll choose the best.The winner gets a huge shoutout! !
#MCBW Great time tonight with Nate n Joe from #Summit Brewery #UpNorthBar. Where to tomorrow??
“: I just got hit in the face with a beach ball at #respect #SpringTrainingorspringbreak” sign u need 2go2 bed
I had an apple for breakfast this morning...I rarely have apples for breakfast...just had a craving. #Ironic don't you think?
For what it's worth, I think our staff has pretty much universally enjoyed it :) ^BPS
Drums time in the warehouse with Godfather J, Shane,
David Ortiz needs to go.
Of course! Press confirmations being sent out soon :) We'd be thrilled to have you guys!
The Lord had his way in and thru me tonight!! The church must get along!!
Rethink posting an offensively named lab coat on your website.
Thank you for that wonderful tweet - wishing you the very best of luck!
Rome and its bipolar weather.
DVR'ing is a terrible idea I'm 0 for 5 doing it. 0 By the Way. Bryzgalov signed a one-year contract, right?
If anyone at the Germantown area would like to help me find a dog I would really appreciate it :-)
iTunes just sent: Dear JK Your pre-ordered book, The Fourth Fisherman is available. To download, go to the device used, click the link...
Is going to church tonight? :)
yeah they are so awesome! :)
your welcome (:
Boys sleepover. It's a straight guy dancer thing.
This weather is really making me miss Atlanta! ☔☁💨💦
It was modern in 1972...
Why is our city so vaginaphobic?
Pick up line: My bed is broken... can I sleep in yours?
You have no idea how much I wish I was in attendance! #JustKidding ...
RT : Sycamore Hills G.C. selected to host 2010 Junior PGA Champ. PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla.
Side note... "The Avengers comes out next Friday!!!!"
Ima #Cancer but F*ckn Birthday
I cannot take pictures of speakers in a dark room only illuminated by a slideshow. Epic fail, Haggerty
I hate it when you go to make #MacN'Cheese & your out of milk! What do you do?? Call in a sub! #SourCream you have just made #1stString!
A new guy showed up at Frisbee tonight. And he asked me if I would like some tips on throwing. I told him not on the first date.
Dylan - good luck - it is a great event and it is you guys who make it great - its not worth going without you all there!
Does anyone have a Facebook of Bella?? :) Email-Teodora:) administrator
Good question
Not impressed!!!! Fricken RUDE! This sucks.
Almost 1 million children were victims of child abuse & neglect in the US last yr- help them by running our 5k on sept 16! www.juvenile.org
Going to help out at the LIBRARY with REGISTRATION (by Sam's place). Will I see YOU there??
just because it's invisible doesn't mean its gone
hey Austin ;) I think you should follow me. I'm your biggest fan from Chicago
iPad typing is absolutely feasible. I'm up to around 65 words per minute on mine.
Yo twitter <<<<<< my twitter
Doesn't get much proper than that. I guess controversy is an acquired taste =P
We've officially reached trading territory for the Ravens. If they want Hightower, they'll have to jump over Pittsburgh
all I can say is Mmmhmm :) he should have more followers then he have now
Best. Tweet. Ever. “: DC chillin PG chillin, my names Wale and I came to get it #missingmrmace”
I gotta go to Mrs.Koumis's office right now.
Damn, i love being in love with you :) <3.
Thanks for RTs, Bob!
not long enough to make a call nd have a convo ... I'm bout to leave imma call u
Just cooked the most amazing chicken noodle soup with rice potatoes and carrots
I love late night twittering. Plus their more conversational.
Shrimp cocktail in the cab? What?
Listing to skillet!!
subliminal messaging...cum in me 💦😜
Senior Year, last theatre banquet:( but it was the best.
Yes. It sucks. Seeing the sadness, the fear, the worry in my childrens' eyes is the worst.
Aw, thank you Rob!
ohh haha i was confused cause they both was tweeting about love! :P
I'm actually looking forward to Miss Piggy's! I love lashes!
i don't know if NYC is ready for this!!!! haha
Really? This is the next Peyton Manning? Lol. #Luck sucks
My grilled curry tempeh kebabs did not turn out well and to top it off I burned the hell out of my finger...sigh
RT : Log Cabin Republicans is still the best boy band name ever.
Wish I had a protractor, instead I improvise with various circular objects around the house.
Waddup... U ight... RT : I really don't know what to do but have faith!
I'm enjoying this exchange.
Reasons why I like champagne: wine corks
Have a nice weekend.
is gonna be rockin it at SXSW this year... Just confirmed: A Google music show on 3/16... pop-up Nobu party on 3/14. More
I guess when u want it that bad u just bare
Homebuyer's Club next week Tuesday the 16th! You won't want to miss out on this FREE program!
And....The Angels lose again how's last place taste ?
I think we need to make love idk.
WTH EKU...I try to be a good student for once and your website is down! GREAT!
Have coffee with admissions this Friday! bit.ly/otDsr4 Discuss your plans for earning your #Northeastern Evening
lmbo that's just sad lol
Thank you for not taking me to task over "ignorami" vs "ignoramusus". LOL
Just realized that is playing in Mass tomorrow. Fingers crossed I can still get a ride!
Really looking forward to this! I loved Fun Home.
hey boo can I call u sometime
Been on a twitter fast. But being outside on a 70 degree day in February has definitely made me in a better mood! Loving life in
estoy feliz . We begin taping this week in Miami beach lets get together soon
and in the finals.....my stomach feels just like the it does the week before the Super Bowl.
PickUpLine: Hi. I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
On ny way to the doctor's
Very cool... make some money, call it an adventure.
thanks for following our tweets!!
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...❤ please follow!!
thank you to MORE new followers
If Hitler were still alive today hed be saudy, the way black people dominate almost every race in olympic track lol
I once tried to order in French at a McDonalds in Montreal. The chick had no idea what I was saying. So sad. I just wanted a #6!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS AND ALL THE FAMILIES OUT THERE RIGHT NOW!!!!
Lenora - I was extremely perplexed
hahah ya he will crack up cuz he's a scrub hahah jk
How did I lose an entire envelope full of photos? :( Now I don't know what to work on.
Uber-windy in Denver, CO. I always knew that the answer, my friend, is blowing in the wind. The answer is blowing in the wind.
woaaaahhh. How about by car? I don't think I be able to go if he does.
Not as much fun though......
Excited for the Miss Earth Pageant Selections tomorrow
well.. you know.
I'm leaving... Gbaiiii
we had sci soc sci humanities all working on different topics 2 broad 4 anything but general comments feedback
Okay if the new Kanye is none Auto Tune I will listen to it and if he goes back to the days of his first album when he was humble
When you can't tweet certain things because certain people follow you.
More customers in today that saw our booth at the 2012 Southwest Chocolate & Coffee Fest.
you're right, he is the best guy they can get without dealing with an ego. I love DeMarcus but he could be great or really bad
Another refreshing walk through an historical Houston neighborhood.
166 new tweets!
The lady Brian Williams just introduced looks scared out of her mind.
Hes desperate. Got so lucky with the SRod eff up
Any credit union membership card is good for 10% off any oil change or vehicle repair. We come to your for a change
@ the east Harlem international film festival!
wentao and I are watching the clip of you as a dolphin. Sorry I let it roll. Great reaction shots though!
Don't miss Kid Rock tonight! Tix , Ticketmaster outlets, charge by phone 800.745.3000 or the Hardee's Thickburger Box Office.
Now I know that its okay to be afraid as long as you show up.
A great day in central PA! Got to present all day in an elementary school with a super fun group of kids. Many future musicians here!
sounds good, appreciate the heads up.
I need a phone conversation
NBA PLAYOFFS START NOW.
and I could've used the money to go to my favorite store lol
Huge props to #fox crew for fantastic b'cast
We are playing three shows this weekend in Raleigh, durnham and virginia beach ! Anyone coming to shakas on Sunday hit us up !!!
Endless reports of crashes, rollovers and ditched cars in southeast Aurora. Avoid Ponderosa Trail Drive. Take it slower, folks.
Darcy, will you be at BTS this weekend?
Let me check into that....are you there for good or just a visit?
Or always.
im fatigued, just took this medicine!! in my sons voice...nigh night lol
your fans arent real fans, they keep sending hate towards and its not cool. she beautiful and amazing
love how I saw you on tv yesterday x)
Whatever helps you sleep at night boy
I know 2night is 1/2 price sushi rolls BUT I am starting early...Fuse Roll, Philly Roll and spicy edamame. Paa-leese!
Well, I just got yelled at, at work. Oh Joy!
You can find high quality products if you pay a little more. Who is cheap? Those cheap buyer or cheap thing maker or cheap thing seller?
worth a trip back! Also Mister Parker's restaurant is delish.
so yeah i think i'm sick lol
What do you suggest for a good MKE happy hour. 4 PM promptly.
My body just wont let me sleep!
Whats up wit your phone?
I Need A Twitter Hugg !!! :(
how bout an egg mcmuffin too? :)RT : Mcdonalds hash browns with a large coke will always be one of my favorite breakfasts :)
OMG and it took me a few seconds to realize that ,that was your leg/foot!!
Not feeling good ! :((
I was thinking the same thing. See you there! RT CSHoward8 Time to go to a beer garden in munich and have a stein
this is probably really late but favorite girl
Holy shit rain!! I'm trying to drive damn
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over it became a butterfly
I just couldn't handle being in there. Idk, he;s being a jackass.
Ight Fasho when u tryna get up in there and make some bangers
Belly dancer show at Kaman Chicago for Hannah's bday
You're thanking me for missing your face??? Boy, you're confusing haha
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die.
74207 voted as of 530pm low turnout call your friends and families still 1/2 hour left vote Warren Lee
OK....."listen to the band" is my new mantra. thanks AJ!
does anyone know what percentage of first published novels result in a second?
needs to bring his game to PO frealllz.
I AM FREAKING OUT.
One day, twitter, facebook, and youtube will combine to make the most time consuming website known to mankind. We'll call it "You Twit Face"
What a day...what a day...I need a drink and to take my ass to bed...
Working again
funky day...........trying to print some docs/having some challenges.Y now!!!!!
When some one that is on there phone 24/7 and u know they are purposely ignoring u
Looking for a place to donate completely totaled car...needs to be picked up tomorrow from tow yard...#suggestions?
Well I'll by back on here at like 1am gotta put a motor in 😡😡
Happy Anniversary, Kristin, and best wishes to you with number three!
Lets Go Bulls!!!
M...well if you don't teach the women about their life purpose how can they be truly present to help you fulfill your mission.
hi! wow we need 2 make a celebrity phil right?
$GOOG is on sale today
I'm writing a book based on my "PowerPointless" presentation. My mind is percolating about what leads to true connections & then action.
Ken y the fuck u give those Damn party promoters my got Damn number the send me 50 text msg every fuckin day
Goodnight loser. Lmao. JUST KIDDING. Love you Arabella<3
Sitting in the Clemson Starbucks, pretty cool looking campus.
: my fans = swag
MUSES: Wonder why some people that know PHOTOSHOP and need it...don't use it on themselves?!? Ijs! Smh! LoL! *evil side eye*
omg! Why not?
Chemo is in my right hand instead of my left this week, to give it a break. I feel lopsided, having a compromised mousing hand!
I have input everything I had up to last Tues or so, if you don't see it yet i would send it again
Top of Yankee order went 1 for 16,altho the one was a 3-run home run by Jeter.Bot of the order went 7 of 13+ 2 walks. Tough loss for
Only you can take me there ;)
There is no greater evidence of superior intelligence than to be surprised at nothing
The full moon almost proved too much for the football teams today. Very ancy and inattentive boys today :-/
All is bro. Thanks. Hope the same for you?
no problem. Keep up the great work.
Will you be at the game tomorrow in Denver? Wife and I will be there.
I hear Von Dutch is making a come back :P
What was the story
2005 live album I found on spotify. Pretty great.
alright ill see what I can do!
#hellyeah I'm pumped.
sadly I didn't get video, but the mental images will last a lifetime.
so you have a business idea way back in your head? ideawf.com
I wanna stay up all night and find a girl and tell her she's the one.
Thanks for coming last night! That was awesome how you guys had just walked in and you were the first to win a prize :) ENJOY!
Though it's darker than December what's ahead is a different colour ... Cause we are gonna be forever you and me! :) xo
getting super stoked about december!
U.S. retail-level inflation rises 0.3% in March; core CPI up 0.2%, matching consensus view.
What do you want from me?
I will keep you in mind!
Happy Hour All Night!!!
you sir would look great in an Orioles uniform. Just sayin.
is working too late on a friday night.
He who does something at the end of one regiment will eclipse him who does nothing at the head of a hundred. – Abraham Lincoln
Thank you everyone for celebrating with us our 1 year anniversary. We couldn't have done it without terrific fans like you! Sonic
Good morning twit junkies!! Lol hope you all have a great day. I'm going to bed . Just got in the door. Worked all night. 
In its annual study on the cost of cybercrimes, the Ponemon Institute found the median cost of such crimes to a business was $5.9 million.
Hanging out in #williamsburg? Come stop by the Esjay Designs table at We'll be here all day.
Oh my god. Twitter has gone crazy. Is it Y2KX1??
Eating leftover spaghetti on the couch with the dog and watching the hot boys on
Dark hosiery is in this fall! Try something different w/muted hues (wine or teal). Match shoe and hose color 4 even more put 2gether look!
please follow me...you will make my day even better
called my hubby to ask where he has his calking cause it's all over the floor and cat He says there was no calking in the house when he left
i knew u wanted to so wat did u do in guitar center
Remember Blessing Of The Bock is Saturday. Drinking prayer at 5pm then free Maibock for everyone until 6pm!
Great weekend with amazing people! I will miss everyone so much :(
Thanks to my mijitas for b-fast in bed-now if u let me watch the #LaKings tonight instead of Bubble Guppies-that will make my day!
- Good luck convincing your editor of that!
Started my new position at my work as an Electro-Mechanical Technician.
Definitely good. Anything not in JRS is a good thing!
Thank you for the encouragement. If you're ever looking for an intern, please let me know. SGL
tiger woods?
Life is no Nintendo game. But u lied again now u get to watch her leave out the window. Guess thats why they call it Window Pane.
Where are the best places to indoor-swim in #Baltimore? Any ideas? Suggestions?
dm me your number then
and are playing #SXSW this year!
i know, samee here. its been too long!
You're welcome. Hope your final day at #FSI2012 is a fruitful one.
#makingitinstitute is about superstars
A vacation is like love - anticipated with pleasure, experienced with discomfort and remembered with nostalgia
“Newspapers large and small were trying to nourish their circulation with a daily dose of sex or sensationalism"- Lowell
#Jim Lazlo from IAB "Tablets, Apps & the Future of Mobile: What's Working and What's Next" with Jay Flaherty Goldspot, Kim Luegers Pandora…
Come on Chelsea! Last thing we need is a season of Yid fans claiming they made the Champions League interesting again!
man it was a great show not just cuz it was based in Chicago but it was a good plot storyline and actors
When I use the wrong your <<<<
It has been a long time Max Payne. Glad to see you again and hear that beautiful main theme.
The air was soft, the stars so fine, the promise of every cobbled alley so great, that I thought I was in a dream -Jack Kerouac
I won the #MegaMillions lottery! My wife is the prize. And my daughters. And CGST.
Happy New Year Thim L. Love
So your truck is smashed up....why?
Good point, but they won't teach that at the driver's ed level.
Random twitter question...why was #SarahJessicaParker trending during the Kentucky Derby?
thank your wife for reffering us to a couple who booked today.
Let it wintry mix, let it wintry mix, let it wintry mix (doesn't have quite the same ring as Let it snow...damn you Charlottesville winters)
Zoo Be Zoo Be Zoo?
Police Officer Arrested A Queens-based police officer was arrested Tuesday after he allegedly used his police department-issued credentia
tweet you
... you to diddle his fiddle.
Sounds good, I will call to help write it today with you
I miss you! Lol
I have a very big #CATSboner right now.
but next, I'll want to marry my dog. I HOPE THAT'S OK!
Go download Rye Rye's mixtape: RYEot powRR. Seriously so hot!
hmm... Still slightly curious
Your mom sings the anthem better
I really hope I don't get knock out or choked up by any geriatrics here
how did she throw the tail and have it land like that??!?!
It's our last night at Wicker Park Art Center for No Shame Theater. Come help us say goodbye in style. Next week we No Shame at Teatro Luna!
I would so go with you if I could!!!!!!!
Thanks Laura for the #FF mention. Happy Sunday to you!
tough one. What about you!
It's cloudy and the '49ers lost, but the Hillel House is full of students back for 1st day of school. Helps to heal the wounds.
My 4yr old: "daddy, my foot hurts up to my face" - how do I fix that one?
The first coach in the Bible? Jethro, Moses father in law. Exodus 18
Thank you! Here's to courage. :)
Thanks for the referral today, ! Everyone, please check out City Wide Limo!
damn. What days will you be here? I'll be in Florida until June 17th.
lol no! Like what?!
Love is the word used to label the sexual excitement of the young, the habituation of the middle-aged, and the mutual dependence of the old
CR7 is the pinnacle of Euro-swag.
that's what they were for :P 2 for the drink 2 for the moustache :P xx
yay we bout to get back in shape 💪 bikini season no one piece 👍
hey!!! What you doing crazy!?
It's a beautiful Friday night in the desert and I am still working on business projects. What's wrong with this picture?
When a man lies, he murders such a part of the world c:
I was actually depressed that Life Unexpected is over. I wasn't sure until they fast forwarded. Oh well, life goes on, right?
#zap I could meet one direction NOW
Real Estate Weekly – 4/20/12: Pierce’s Park opening slated at Inner Harbor
Beginning to think that the Sandwich Artists at this Subway are actually lunatics who killed the original staff then just kept making subs.
LOVE when people ignore me.
you should have came to Boston. High today is 64.
I am now officially a Cinefamily member! And just in time for their Studio Ghibli retrospective!
I finished completely (:
SPICY Shrimp Diablo--if you're looking for heat try this little taco packed full of flavor!
Sitting at doctors office for an hour for a 5 min 2 month check up.
YES! (If you bake more cookies... xo) OOH! Can I tag along on the media-fueled happy hour, too?
singer needed by friday
Shout out to he is a beast at Polevault, good job today man
that sucks. Well maybe one day in may we can meet up and pre ride the pewaukee area. Hope your feeling better
going to in 26 days. Just need to figure out what time to get there for the meet and greet
Off to Maiden
For 1st time super bowl will be streamed live online & on nfl mobile, and pro bowl & nbc sat wild card double header.
Wait for Jack White or and ...
come to dans
This car ride really makes me wanna fall asleep. Its hella relaxing lol, back on campus in 3 minutes tho.
Avoid the 15 south to the 94 if you're out and about in San Diego. Mega traffic. Only 1 lane open.
yeah, i know.
Good morning
"Yoga is the cessation of mind." ~ Maharishi Patanjali - Patanjali is the seer who cognized Yoga.
we are so glad to have you in the Hoosier state!!!!
Are you going to Cannes?
Quit sucking up
yeah, we weren't happy about it either. it was a drupal problem, apparently.
now Miami is thinking the same thing..
Still writing non-stop, but so excited to see how this book is coming together - can't wait to share it with you!
Lord you are my source and strength!I love you and thank you!Be my focus in the tough times like now as i am sick!Let my praise be 4 u only!
find some jobs and I am game
5 negotiating styles: competitive, avoiding, accommodating, collaborating. webinar w/ #womnegotiators,
It's officially my 22nd out chilln
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts
Would you let me do your portraits???? Please!!!
sometimes i ask myself if i was gone who would remember me
then I would say just a difference of opinion might be enough of a causal situation
RIP to MCA. Thanks for everything Adam!
- Hi dear, check your phone.
Waking up hungry as fuckk.
Yeah! I called him out an he played it off as if he didn't know. "sorry I thought this was the men's restrooms." weirdo
DH is like Mufasa; it lives in YOU.
Take my cipher down/make it zero round
u welcome just show in some love
Highly recommend the fried-egg-and-bacon sandwich at 's Dahlia Bakery.
- Hi! I'm a PLNU fashion merch sophomore! Heard of you through Dustin Towery, I'm interested in connecting with you!!
": EXCLUSIVE: CSI's return to the home of an Iraqi mother who was bludgeoned to death in her own house. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!! So sad...
Studying for midterms all night and having work at 6am does not mix well.
How lovely to see Esperanza singing on the Oscars tonight.
Let's get our money? ~ Http://iphoneguide.sm.to/
Twestival Update! The next will be supporting a local non-profit. More info in late Oct. :)
I love my cousin <333
No, he's not flipping any body off :P wow, jus relized tht it looked like he was. Lol
RT : The more I drink the less I taste liquor
We have a host out sick today so there will be no Mac Gaming News this week. Sorry.
Wondering what Hack4Reno is all about? Tune into KUNR Reno Public Radio on Friday 9/16 morning at 9:20am to find out the details
things that are hilarious: people who are still mad at FDR
Are you on a diet? If so, don't forget to take vitamin D every day.
no she did some accent shit, this was a last second thing, nappy roots show was like $40. So I'm watching future missing girls
I never tweet from my computer, it feels weird lol
“: To all who put me over the 17000 mark .Thank you all very much.” I'm glad I could be a small part of it! You're welcome.
OMG!! It's already July 1st, dang times sure flies:)
#thingsilearnedfrommyfriends you don't have to wait for the oven to preheat before putting In the pizza
Who's ready for #FacebookTimeline? Predictions? Think it'll be loved or hated?
Hey, he was the Katniss of the '80's.
You Sat With Breana ! She Could Of Helped You
Love is not finding someone to live with, It's finding someone you can't live without.
Happy Birthday Harry Houdini!! Your amazing legacy will always live on!
When people cancel plans last minute.. <
ty for making my tweet quoting Sue Monk Kidd a favorite. You're the best.!
oh and your fans shall always be there for whenever you need it!
Watching ! Who shoots 3s at a higher % ? How many times did Jordan kick it to Kerr? How about Kobe to Fish!
#oomf is like funny af like kevin hart funny lmao
OFFICIALLY...turned of.(:
yes, totally! I didn't notice till someone replied to me earlier!
Thanks, been working hard. Very nice to see it live finally, but this is only the beginning...
just got done blowing a bowl of some drow feeling good
or sing her a song
Are colonies on Mercury's poles a realistic idea? What value would they have? How difficult would it be to build?
Ahh that's really weird, but congrats! Are you just here for the summer or are you going to school here?
What a handsome boy Baz is! Although he looks very serious in that pose.
Fun fact: During HC debate Obama became so frustrated with CBO that he banned the term in his presence, instead referring to it as “banana”
I know my tweets are good when I get a "hahahaha" text from .
It's crazy, as mad as I might get at #oomf it doesn't last for long...
Did Millbury just say "I like wiggly things?" I guess you can say anything on late night tv!
The real danger of chewing gum at school isn t being caught by your teachers, its being caught by your friends.
glad to know I'm not alone :)
Gotta love these Clippers
I have an intense craving for Ritz Crackers
You have seem my blog title. And I still got a call.
We are announcing our 12/13 Broadway Season Feb 12th, in the Baltimore Sun! Make sure to pick up a copy to see what great shows are next!
Big party Friday at to raise funds for a show: live band karaoke, dollar drinks, backup dancers! Starts 7:30. $10, $15 for 2!
#AnthonyShadid was one of us, he was our friend..there's probably an Anthony on campus right now, we just don't know -
aight man cool!
I love Whitney & everything RIP , You will be missed , BUT when you start effecting my #JerseyShore OHHECKKNAHHH !!!
yayYy my tablet's on low battery now too haha but I wanted u to c this YouTube video BC I think I c the guy that made it
Today is first day of move-in for new freshman. So excited to see so many new faces around campus.
#BlackFriday deals start today at the Golf Shop! Come on by...
london fashion week...... burberry..enough
we girls need to be kinder to each other. Compliments are a good start.
If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you.
Just had the most euphoric moment ever. I was thinking about and literally 5 second later she text's me.
I always imagined a climber on a Himalayan expedition getting a cellphone call and some guy trying to sell him vinyl siding.
Come in today and get 15% off your purchase. (just reference this advertisement)
Lmfao i know poor guy
no problem. i hope you feel better!
sure are, happen to find my dignity lying around your house anywhere? or perhaps my sobriety?
so impressed, you tweeted back girl !
is wonderful:) thanks for riding along to see the love birds off on their vaca!!
later cutie ;)
Happy mother's day to all the moms out there!
I'd forgotten what a relentlessly optimistic record Mary-Chapin's "The Calling" is - great rainy day stuff!
you'll be missing
So true! RT #musepub2012 Davis outlines data and downloads of articles on Muse. Fascinating longevity of humanities articles
Atlanta, why you miss me ? lol
The NCAA is just old people trying to control young people. Give it up you old geezers! Pete Carroll is my hero.
Yay bowling! Celebrating our last big release with some food and sporting!
Somebody just referred to a hit as "giving him some chin music." --> Hockey, beer, and the ghost of Raymond Chandler.
In "HOMЯ" when Homer writes her a Flowers for Algernon letter apologizing for choosing stupidity over her...heartbreaking.
Oh! Thanks u for tell me!.
AW! Poo! Welcome home!
I didnt get a text... Your gonna have a long day at work
agree leave ur gov hands off the web
You should rethink where you put me on your list of priorities, or i might make it a priority to cut you off
looking sexy in that mountain dew commercial, no homo
i love the cover of you rapping to look at me now . aha it was so cute. follow me back Moo Moo. (:
Good Morning everyone hope yall have wonderful day :)
My MAN!
Jb I just want to blow stuff up lol :)
Get lowest Long Island moving rates from by calling (516) 874-5138 or go to www.moverslongisland.com
Never under estimate the impact of the surrounding work environment on your development team's productivity!
Ha, it's okay! Better late than never, as they say. :)
Whitney on Glee? Woohoo
RT : S/O to before she gets reckless<<<now we learning...lmao...na jk....thanx babe*wink*
Treated like crap on this day. #heartless don't be surprised
never again will i do that...i refuse.
always awed by she who sings in the face of death.
Some folks can be so naive at times......
Nice. Thanks again!
me too!! I wanna hear their music NOW!
"...illuminate the darkest places, light up every face and, bring a smile to the lips of the loneliest child..."
I love fish sticks
Looking forward to our Weider History Group fieldtrip to the US Capitol today!
Want to experience Hawaii but can't afford a plane ticket? Head to Green Valley Lib's Hawaii Connection event taking place all day tomorrow!
well arent you mr. witty over twitter today.
Vincie Glenn says the #Charger's problem Sunday was the receivers not qb. #san diego chargers,
i'm toying with both, really. trying to assess whether doing it on my own is realistic given my incompetence and lack of time.
my little angel Jadely is gonna be 1 tomorrow shes grown so fast i love her XOXO
haha well I know you're not crazy;) and I know<3 I think god wanted us to be friends:) love you too Celeste<3
Just glad college hoops are back. Like to see #Terps compete, but at least there's hope for future (unlike football team).
YES U ARE AND SEXY TO
RT : Procrastination is an enemy that stands between who you are and who you can become
Yes, there is still only about a 5% success rate with that overall.
sleep on me if you want
Same. We have a photographer friend who did his at 6, 12 & 24 weeks. I'd like to get them done again soon.
yes! And the icing in like tie dye pink. :)
haha u're crazy :D I never heard that anyone will get popcorn breath :D :D
RIP Dick Clark.
xx lovely! Happy new year back at you!
Here are a few clues: Unlike GA, pedestrians have the right of way, blinking red means stop, and lanes on the interstate matter.
Are we gonna hear any new music soon? I'm so excited for new music from you guys <333
Played around with iBooks Author today. Just about got my poem translations done.
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities. Aldous Huxley
Microsoft academic search setting itself up as alternative to GScholar. Will index DOI
Skin tips 101 with Ms. Gates
you sure are getting the early birthday wishes.. Think I'll wait till your actual birthday :)
Just texted my mom &. Said lets get tatted .
get some rest & feel bettet soon my friend.
No kidding..... You know I love me some Iced Coffee from D& D.. Miss you girl!
Blogs aren’t just about journaling, they’re also about conversation.
fun & sitting with jakob (:
It is technically tax-deductible as a 'uniform', since it can't be worn at 'ordinary social occasions'…
Sometimes i wonder if he even cares :/ <SoFar,SoGood;*>
I can NOT believe how nice it is out here!!! Love it!!
unfortunately politics seems to continue to get in the way of getting anything done!!! Where's the leadership???
"Dad, do you think aliens are real?" "There are illegal aliens all over this country.. haw haw haw."
sent me to follow you (:
Oh that is not good news. :( Warranty? Or is this a buy a new one sitch?
this is true as well. Can we be all these things to and for the public and for ourselves?
Congrats to all the John Tyler Community College grads today!
Heya Ben Congrats on being featured by Klout!
we can provide a week's worth of day passes... :)
"Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, For they shall be filled." Matthew 5:5-7
#dtl2011 definitely feeling the pain
about to get ready.
Walk #3 for the 2011 season begins bright and early tomorrow morning! Good luck to all those walking Chicago!
yes, it's true. I tasted a few good examples at Prowein. I hope to bring a great example stateside before September.
#ChickNorris can play Bach's 9th symphony with a triangle!
Hope everyone had a lovely Valentines Day!... see what we did there? ;)
Spectra Energy Partners Reports First Quarter 2012 Results - MarketWatch (press release)
Finished water rafting - too bad only a 1-2 level! Awesome on Rio Grande and catching outdoor scenic in mtns and sun today
I dont wanna go to cheer im gonna barf all over the place :(((((
yeah he was at the bar where he was playing haha
