it better work out lol
COME TO THE TA/RA UNION TOWN HALL MEETING! you will love it! unions are awesome!
Avengers was epic!!!! God what I would give to be a superhero...or I guess just cast as one....haha
Normally, you could count on it. Recovering from a broken knee right now & my productivity is very limited. Keep me posted.
section c is HBFEC
i mean, does any producer have some joints that dont sound like euro pop nor gutter music? gee wiz
The secret to moving: if you break something, you don't have to figure out what it is.
At Lord Hobo drinking a Kind
Great presentation!
Huge things happening on our site this year for the football season. Great weekly prizes...stay tuned www.playffnow.com
you used to be funny on twitter. . . what ever happened to your writer? What is his/her twitter name - I'll follow.
I was wondering how that was working out. How's the old cat handling it?
Roma Pizza in Southwick, MA, that's where! The best! With our best waitress Debbie! Have I gushed enough?
Concert tonight. Work tomorrow morning. Hangover number 1,273, I'll see you soon.
Laying in bed watching south park and talking to you and some other people's wbu?:)
RT "Same sex marriage should be legal," President Obama says. Special report on the ABC network at 2:58pm ET.
#Adam Levine on the Ellen show!!!!
o.o
: A good way to get your music heard and played is sending it by email
Gas prices finally went down son
You can take a man out of the Ghetto, but you can't take the Ghetto out of the man
My College Professor Likes My Papers I Write My Work Ethic Is So Fantastic Just Like My Attire Well Out 4 Some Hours.G.F.B. Damage. Problems
Next week Arizona turns 100! We're looking forward to all of the events happening in the valley! What's your favorite thing about our state?
love your food!
Now for our afternoon session on "Herding Cats" (project mgmt) with Delphine Khanna.
Happy Simpson Saturday !!!
Health and Fitness Calendar
I get so happy when Chase Coy comes on shuffle.
I know ur sleeping but I was busy and never checked my Twitter But I miss u too ;)
no you're not that talented. And what are you doing in Bellevue- are with you with my parents?
BRB, I need to see what this Land Shark at my door wants. MT What will your last tweet ever be?
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-50
It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong. - Henry Longfellow
Looking forward to tonight's interview! Thanks for having us on! :)
Was in Barolo country last year!
Which system do you have? I know you can configure the ALPS trackpads (I had to on mine!!). Our team can help you!
It may not exactly be a gleeful day in terms of the weather, but it's still a #GLEEfulweek in May here at WQED FM. Today is the last day!
Taking the 2nd half of the spring semester off was nice! But now it's back to work!
#SoTellMeWhy you mad!!
has been dormant too long. The world has been deprived of viral muppet videos and daily show RTs, and for that I am sorry.
I just assume Clinton is a Thunder guy. He's cool. The Thunder are cool. Durant, Harden, Westbrook, they're cool. Clinton? He's cool too.
Man, without I'd be wearing a shirt with a flaming eagle on it to opening day.
its all good, how was the bomb that hit the stage
oh you'll meet some one new
Wear blue tomorrow in support of child abuse awareness and prevention! Tell all of your friends and family!
since 2nd grade !
Meeting a client @ #caribou. Hopefully designing/developing a new website. Had a break through w/ an email & making it have lightboxes!
No punctuation=there's something wrong.
ESPN = Engineered Sports Propaganda Network
crap, why is everything happening on May 19 this year?! I have 47 places that I need to be!
lol u proved my point
Made first stab at cooking fresh nopales. It went . . . okay. Next time I should use a recipe, though.
I don't think it's set in yet, but do you realize what happens tomorrow night? #TheWalkingDead - Ive never been this excited to watch TV.
yeah are we going to the mall?? cu i need to get my eyebrows done :|
Wrench, meet plans... Plans...Wrench.... Oh! I see you've met before....
Let host your private party!
Thanks, John! You're totally awesome! (And we both know it!) ;)
Happy Mother's Day to all you fabulous moms out there!! God bless!!
I really like them!
This has been your regularly-scheduled #lrnchat. We now return control of your timeline to you.
Come to my house, I'll show you real music.
awesome! hope to meet them someday. have a great weekend!
Aww shir you know its on when Ice Cube shows up to the #clippers game
my big dream is to meet u someday personal and to speak with me all day and all night - iva got so many quesc?
« #Scorpios want to be the best, have the best, so they always look for the best»
When Are You Gunna Put Your New Music Up!? (:
overlooking the Long Beach harbor, watching the sailboats cruise by. Beautiful day.
One direction take over on MTV
Yeah for sho! When r u going to gh?
She's stupendous!!! Lauren Jelencovich -- what a voice and presence
1000 + ppl sent to the emergency room because of being distracted while texting and walking
Painting a house is such a Saturday thing to do.
Watching Melo and Big Shot for hopefully not the last time this year.
2. Compliment someone tomorrow without expectation of a return.
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Twitter with your order & get a 20% discount TODAY!
Uploading. Should appear shortly. Cheers.
#Ali, The Book of Saladin. Islamic Quintet#2. Very different from #1. Saladin as seen by Jewish scribe. Great characters, including women.
That is soo awesome!!! Where is that?!
Stop asking God for the things He has already given you. It's up to you to use it. There is so much He's already placed on the inside.
I don't eat dat shit either! !!
if #google+ doesn't stomp facebook into the ground, I will be disappointed in humanity.
It really really was!! It A.) Makes me proud to be American! B.) Want to join the service! C.) Go play Battlefield 3!
Girls that hang wit gays nigga that do the most <<<<<<<<<<<
Happy Birthday to playwright, William Shakespeare! Which of Shakespeare's works do you most enjoy?
Though friendship is not quick to burn, it is explosive stuff. -May Sarton
I'm sleepy goodnight!
You sure are. You sure are.
I love that Ann Romney is talking how about important choice is to women...related to families...
Watching Goodfellas and napping until 's bday celebration tonight. Happy birthday big guy!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 76
sure wish he had faced a Nick Saban defense before...wait?
What in the hell is Santorums daughter wearing?
I am enjoying my new Canon 5D. this thing is insane
Dude, this is so not radical.
Have you ever seen the beautiful lamps from Marset?Visit www.fromspainmagazine.com and see them in Company Profiles.
and no snitchin!!! RT“: Stay true to yourself”
Seems like a thin line but I see the distinction. And btw, congrats on your rebellious daughter. Hope I do as well w/ mine.
I miss St. X baseball more than anything right about now
Random messages from people I don't know..
It makes me happy that my office window looks out on brightly colored trees.
UGH JOHN CUSACK JUST DRUNK TWEETED AND I DIDN'T EVEN GET A CHANCE TO FAVORITE IT. John- "just n=ominated you for ho tt tub D robcorddry"
When will it be comingnfor us Insight customers? I feel robbed.
All day CLE. First half done and I haven't really learned anything useful. Some speakers are amateur comedians though. :)
Middle finger to my haters motherf***er why you hating ?
December 3 is getting closer!! :D Are you still going??? You better be, or I will be sad. D:
The market manipulators have already gotten leverage and are pulling commodities and the DOW back up from the opening lows.
commuting - so I'd want tracking distance, speed and ideally directions.
Went by the crib to smoke a blunt and got straight chills what a trip.
May I speak with you about in-home dental care for homebound & disabled New Mexicans? We have formed a NP & need gov support.
Take time to look in the mirror, and see that it's time to lose some weight. You'd be hot. Still not as hot as
#wcphilly #day2 : How does code make it into WordPress? Bugs, Features, and Enhancements are all handled differently.
thank god
haha no prob hop. Im headed to the night game
you are absolutely correct. I was drafting a response to that quote & accidentally sent it. Thx for keeping me on task.
Filming filming!
Spotify ads are pretty annoying.
NOW sudy time:/
please follow me on keek (: im xSuperwomanx3
they sat next to us. Just the mom, the real little one w her baby, Kim, her booty and some other girl
Just came back from gally, showeerrrrrrr
lmao, here we go!
Is that place in the horseshoe shops in Westport still open? (By Californos). Mostly men's hats as I remember but worth a try!
thats great keep up the good work champ! :)
As an adult coughing without covering your mouth should be a crime that is punishable by a kick to the teeth.
Last nights show was awesome!
Stock market: Dow is down 550 pts over the past five sessions. You bet your sweet ass we are loading up here. This is a bull market!
you work there or just partying?
talking to coleton on the phone :)
Dear world, sorry I forgot to add chef, mentor, Child of GOD, fashion designer, small business owner, lawyer, ceiling crasher, game changer.
Men in the south are so polite!
Sonoda's Sushi LODO 1620 Market St Off the Special Appetizer Menu. Magic Mushroom $7.25 Chilean Sea Bass $7 and My Fav. Lobster Roll $13.50
that could be good or bad...hope its good...like with cheese n stuff
Im so sleepy, but we're about to go out to eat :(
Here's an idea for the NCAA rules committee this offseason - start calling T's on coaches on the court while ball is in play.
yep, 45 is only bad in the am if you are going south or if you are south of zoo interchange. Glad I could help :-)
He finishes my sentences n nos exactly whts on my mind :)
Can't wait for L.I.V.E. tomorrow! Love to be "fed" by my kids!!
That moment when your trying to kill time until she replies, but Your shower only stays warm for 10 minutes (-___-)
The Boobs and the Gang
well well well lookey here, just got a fresh batch of some fucking disgusting dnb.
Sorry, honey. Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve
6 gigs a week Tues-Sunday, all *free cover!* Dirty Limelight & Mellow Dee Productions - much luv to the supporters!
please help me achieve my dreami have already cut off my arms and i slide around to practice.if i go toantarctica(home of the best walruses)
who else is going to #chefcon?
Bros Ro may need a rooftop annex today-! RT Serving brunch today until 3. Full espresso bar and 2-4-1 mimosas and bloodies!
Fringe IS their good output, stupid.
I doubt it will take that long. I got called into work just before 7ish. (arrived around 4:30).
agree with that one! Let me know if you guys have any questions!
Make sure you have the bifocals on
hey I missed you last night! Rock Out With Your Bock Out was great! Thanks for the heads' up!
If folks get weird messages from me...It is not me! I am too busy to send out weird notes to folks I don't know. I spend my time writing.
your habits won't change, but unfortunately your metabolism will.
you mean great? lol yea it is!!!
1st day of Spring 2012 today. End of a wacky Winter.
Have a great weekend. Many thanks for the follows:
can't believe people actually ask you that so excited xo
oh ok, I'll take 1000 washers.
Food for thought for these starving minds.
I read every day. Currently ferrigno; heart of the assassin and harry potter in french
I can confirm that they do indeed exist
Achim Steiner UNEP Exec Director at Eye on Earth - I hope this summit will provide for citizen science and new partnerships ...
#NP "Trying to make it last, Emotional luggage nothing of it I don't check bags, I just carry on leave that bullshit in the past"
that video was hilarious!!!! that would be my reaction to such bad news as that. but i would still buy it.
I either a) brought peace to the Middle East or b) celebrated my 4-year anniversary with Socialtext. Can you guess which?
john callipari is a snake oil salesman.. it is just too bad memphis is going to get punished and he gets away free cause he quit to go to UK
Yay shift is officially over :-)
Anyone down to go to Lakers game tonight? I want to mobb it
Who is watching the grammys
haha how can you not? :)
THIS FINE WOMAN KNOWS BASKETBALL AND SHE'S A HEAT FAN
my sister brought my wings :') I felt like Oliver twist receiving those wings
can you bring me ice cream? Ben and Jerry's
Which seed have the most success in the NCAA tourney? #Bark at Bilas#
Hi my name is Andy Appleseed I like your shoes your feet are so little = I would hit it in the car with your toes on my windshield
get the tater tots! I went last week for
Cont...Guess I'll have to start banging more Country.
&#9836; Great Deals on Night Vision Clock DVR Protect Your Privacy
I am bro, still doin work and stayig busy
lol.. whatever. I'm up so why not watch it.
Tech Issues on MomAdvocateTV today; SO SORRY Come see us everyone July 14th LIVE Show Featuring Empty Nest Expert Natalie Caine
lucky!! British guys, shopping in London, British guys, eating out, did i mention British guys. Haha!
I just ate the rest of the mini cinnamon donuts that left at my place Saturday night.
Watching flashbacks from these last 1500 shows making me tear up, getting chills & cracking up! I love her!
I love my daughter...but I love her even more when she sleeps through the night.
Dear Twitter, I'm sorry we don't chat as much. My life is spinning like a toilet and I just don't have time. Let's kiss and make up.
Train your mind to think in terms of 'possible' and 'can be done'.
I LOVED #21JumpStreet !! DEFINITELY gonna buy it!
Today #AcctCongress lunch "Core Work of the Community College: Advancing Equity & Opportunity. "Speaker is Anthony S.Bryk, Carnegie Fndtn
lol,i had that dream turn reality a long time ago
OK, if we're being honest, DC's still a swamp.
kinda i like cali better
A pleasure as always! ;)
A wedding yesterday and a wedding today! Just keeping busy.
Goodbye, NBA season.
practice on the 26th!
Tommy McDonald calls Ryan whenever he is texting to mess him up...lmfao.....
im sorry :( hopefully it will get better! :) #<3
"When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine."
thanks for spreading the word about
Harper is bleeding like a stuck pig.
#MoreFemalesShould suck dick more....you want to keep ya man dont you??
That's quote worth reading over and over.
I know but I spelled it the way I was saying it lol
Thank you!!!!
I wuvvv talking to you randomly
Has a love/hate relationship with picking out designs for my ad this year :)
yeah I get like 1 suscriber a month haha. I need more that's why I'm not posting videos. <\Slope/>
If I make this we're all getting laid. *Throws trash at the garbage and misses* ...I'm sorry...
instead you chose to paint competent advisors who care about their clients with the same broad brush to promote your service
then you'd have an empty section for 3 quarters instead of one.
After last night's sold-out Bobby Watson shows here, we're excited for jazz masters Bert Dalton Trio to take our stage at 9pm!
Agreed RT : Nice seeing you all yesterday!
I brought you back all dressed, but they didn't make it. R u in Seattle?
It's so terrifying. Straight people do weird things. I think my friends are going to hammerheads now for 80s night, idk.
The final right to work bill passes 28-22
lil bit of the same.
I think my heart is just to big time to start acting like a dick
what week its been since that show.....wow, do i love what i do....
Why you say that?!?!?
crazy! Ill have to check in with you in a few hours to see how bad it is
On different note, spent last two days scouring the web to find info on best lodges to visit in Peruvian Amazon. Know one?
listening to on Spotify. I haven't even finished one song and I know I love it. #truth #it'sgreat
No T.O. indeed. Official word from the team is coming soon...
No one, I just guessed!
I hate school. Have I mentioned that I hate school? I'm so stressed out. gah!
damn I think I'm goin Thursday for the 60 cent boneless wings lol
BlackBerry Music Gateway Uses NFC to Stream Audio - PC Advisor
Best part is I can start using this summer! Which is awesome because I am planning to take classes each session.
Mention Friday the 13th tomorrow for a good luck $8 64oz growler refill.
U of Oregon say its next stage of process: NCAA delivers notice of inquiry; formally investigating Ducks scouting services
Billy Boy Brad spins some vinyls tonight. You know. A record player. Bring your favorites. He'll play em along with his own collection.
hey I logged a million tweets for yall in attempt to win tickets while no one else hardly entered. what happened? I'm losted.
Congrats to all my friends graduating from and this week. Hard to believe it has already been a year since I graduated.
Good Night mentions???
lls, night life.
BODHI Grand Opening Today in Chandler, AZ from 4-8 pm. Come join the fun! www.bodhi-body.com
I just want to sleep. I dont care about family dinners D; jk..jk..
Safer to stick to "real journalists" like Breitbart, Kaufman, & Fox news, right?
Happy to be hanging out with my dad. About to watch Gran Torino. Weird, 'cause Dad looks just like Clint E.
indeed. Sigh...this is the civil rights movement all over again. You'd think we'd already have learned this lesson.
great. ANSI Standards are U.S. centric & the rest of the world is interested in intl standards.
Thanks! I gotta check my schedule!
Hay! See how long it took me to respond! This is sad. There has to be a work/life twitter balance in my future.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!^^
At an ARC Communications mtg - do you know what we do?
it's more like gin rummy :D Happy Easter Zee!
Oh and PS. Hot mama profile pic!!!
Track meet this saturday at UW-Platteville
hah I hear ya! I will be equally pissed off if the Squeelers get Hightower!
There was talk of getting a group of SLIS knitters together sometime. We could even do it virtually.
% discount from My Plumber on all services (up to $100) for Veterans, Active Duty, Reservists & Family Members Everyday!-
I hate when I'm too the point of my weird cry thing.
whats that other website you told me about for the stories?
(sometimes I write tweets like I write Facebook status updates)
Man wine creeps up
I'm not going to say you can't play country music on a Flying V...but why?
two days of sun in atlanta.. i don't know what to do with myself
Congrats on #NCAA 2nite! What do u think about reprising ur Role in THE BOY IS MINE da Feature Film op
a really fun campaign!
Expendables? Don't mind if I do.
Cool! It turned out to be a beautiful day in Seattle. We hope you have a good time up top!
or more like... "hm.. which stage will I be bringing my skill to first?!"
“: RT : There is no easy button! Persistence pays!”
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved
Official hashtag for our cd release on Friday is #mania!
very cool!
It would be truly amazing if UL and UK played in the final four. I am cheering for both teams this weekend!
I hate clingy ppl... that is so unattractive!!
I MISS U<3
The first 3 peple to DM "VIP" to get VIP passes for next week!
Thank u jesus for this morning thank u for another day giving by u JESUS, I PRAY THAT ALL OF U FRIENDS FAMILY N FRINDS TO BE HAVE A BLESS DY
that's my shit
OMG that looks so delicious!!!!!! You should TOTALLY be a chef!!!! YUM!
it's true! Swallowing and maintaining eye contact is sexier...not that i've done such, being a.virgin and all
We hope everyone in #Dallas is safe!
Follow me this week as heads to #SATWNZ -- we can't wait to see you in New Zealand!
Haven't ate all day because I've been waiting for this huge family dinner. Let's eat already! I'm starving.
.wow !just wow!
1 month till the Baltimore invasion!! Are you coming down to the Inner Harbor with us??
People in hiding have something to hide.
Parks has actively, with our partners, been removing non-native invasives and conducting volunteer plantings (more)
#that1friend who makes you crack up randomly when you think about all the crazy crap you pulled off together. *sigh*..
RT : great place for brunch and awesome bloody Mary's
just realized camp is free... i'm pretty dumb. a free jersey is what i'm giving away.
I really wish Hubert Davis would quit saying players are "great penetrators."
any decision yet?!
RT ": a diet high in alpha & beta carotenoids pigments. Algae and various invertebrates." Thanks!
waiting for new.... more....happy.....holiday!
send to receive.
only UX people could be excited about that.
Z that's my girlfriend *omarion voice*
well still your door could've hit it hah
Thanks for the correction. Others noticed as well. only has 12 bottles per store.
Nights spent with >>>
Thanks for following , , , ,
he would be a better fit and I'm sure they would thrive if he came to the
I need to get our Society in this thinking of doing Webinars. So many great choices.
I know your children won't go to those cheap places again. If you let me know where that cheap place is, I might help clean it out. [1944]
Slainte, ! What can we look forward to today?
i'll find out for sure tomorrow.
Has Kottaras actually started against LHP very much this year? I don't think that's really been an issue, IIRC.
I guess productive was the wrong word to use cause that wasn't helpful at all
When you miss your opportunity <<
My ankles are sore like a pregnant woman
whatever. I was spelling it like did :P
You gotta love some people from a distance.
We're excited to have you! #Trumpets rule. RT : Can't wait for the festival. It's going to be a great weekend.
amazing! Thanks for coming to see us... We love you
I wonder whenever he sees us talking about jerry I wonder if jerry goes up in response? Lol
things that make me go hm!
lmaooo love you too :]
We work so hard, but because we work so hard doing the wrong things, we don't get the best results that we could have.
EVERYONE'S GOTTEN THEIRS BUT ME :,(
what's for #dinner new york?
i vote sell everything and get new stuff for selfish reasons. i bet you'd have an awesome yard sale.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.-Napoleon Hill
metta goin ham but hell...what you expect? aint like he renamed himself "joe" or somthing normal. he picked a "i hope hes not on drugs" name
good to know. Thanks for reassuring me of my safety.
Great to connect w/ other web developers-would love to chat w/ you about ecommerce systems you are using!
I'm uploading a promo tonight that had one of my new songs on it:) look out for it:)
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope
Hah! Hey the E-Trac is an incredible machine & great choice - when are you ordering??
i hate bein lied to , ha. you funny.
Find a 3-year-old and make her your beta tester for your mobile site w/gestures. She's not poisoned by convention.
“: Shawty u da shit like u was born in the restroom” xD
Batteries recharged (figuratively, literally); must post make-up tweets from Day 1 of #THATCampFL!
ROCSI, WATCH YA BACK AND WHAT YOU SAY OR DO TO MB TOMORROW #TEAMMINDLESS WILL FUCK UP YOUR MENTIONS BRO.
Rtweet go follow and and and they tweet like crazy and get followers mention me wen done
what are their names!
Busy day at work
"Recruiting is sales." ~ Tommy Digger Gugger
Over the CBA 10 year term for funding of thousands of guys education. Man Kyle...
Have you tried our Cinnamon Streusel Coffeecake? Sour cream coffeecake with a stripe of cinnamon walnut streusel!!! Awesome!!!
thanks for chatting. Have a great evening.
We saw you in the audience. Our daughter thought maybe you did it!
I feel normal again :P
Good night
HELP! Twitter...Las Vegas. Good restaurants? Let me know.
I love you RT for a rate
Rainy days in Denver brings beautiful flowers.
"Left my feelings in the past, you can't get in touch with me"
Is Not Wit Tha Shit , She Sleep Already -_-
Shopping in Gainesville!!
Looks like additional government approvals need to happen first. It should only affect future loans you take out. VOTE!
BIG props to all our transcribers, giving a textual, searchable, and accessible voice to our performers. A Thank You post is in the works!
Someone should really text me cause I dying my hair and I'm solo boredd.
Sim Simmer, who got the keys to my Bimmer?
RT : We are so excited too for the Conference "How to Launch & Operate a Restaurant in DC"
i finally get to see ! Friday & Saturday at bamboozle :)
trust me i know... Its gonna be another Jr, but a girl, all over again
what??? she's hella nice
need a manband?
#FL residents can get 25% off La Nouba tickets until June 22 with proof of residency & advance purchase
Oscar Wilde Art Quote of the DayI paint objects as I think them, not as I see them
Time sure flies by!
why would you put this on here
Go #Grizzlies!
It's really been almost 18 years tho
let's make a vlog already!
People can be so heartless.... </3
Me? Dirty minded !?! I like to call it imaginative
she gave me an F -_-
You like ? You got questions for him? Well, tweet them already. Sheesh. (You'll hear the answers next Monday.)
Not gonna lie, being at work today while everyone is out is pretty great.
Congrats on your GM partnership!
tell them you broke your finger& ill wrap it up and send you with a doctor excuese tomorrow :) # PlanForEverything
thank u! and i wish u a good day also!
How was AC? Did you guys ever link up?
Exciting News! Seasons 52 will be opening a restaurant at Country Club Plaza in Kansas City, MO during Spring 2012.
you're not going to catch me putting my love in brackets.
#Boyfriendvideo OMG Premiere NOW :D will it take to get my love
crazy. My friend interviewed for a job with the Coronado guy who's son & gf died. She met him a few months prior. It was odd
idk if im jealous of her or feelin sorry for myself..
I see you, lady at Whole Foods, and you should NOT be in the "10 items or fewer" line.
Happy 102nd birthday to the Boy Scouts of America today!!
who the fuck is that?
Why is #smroi held to a higher standard than traditional advertising? We came into this saying that digital is more measurable.
Yes, unfortunately.
My eyes are super heavy and I'm so tired, yet I've been tossing and turning for hours now!!
haha yeah love it puttin their foot down!
Me and are the same person, apparently.
But how to pay for it? Jeez. I need to start plotting.
Shouldn't she be blindfolded for the walk to Ben's room?
woo hoo! first day of Black History Month! thanks Carter G. Woodson. I'll always love you!
your not here !!! I want my cheese cake medina !!
I haven't seen that movie in forever. I'm going to watch it today. Thanks! 
she wake up every morning wit dat dick on her breathe she aint lookin for love she look like foe help
With Danny Briere out due to the big hit by Pens yesterday, Crosby better keep his head up next game
Are you following our new Athletic Director Mike McCaffrey? Now's your chance.
Very true.
They taking forever to bring mhe my food !! A nigga hungry
yes. yes you will. i could do lunch tomorrow or thursday!
are you going today?
RT if ur so nervous about Idol right now
I meant 1983 amendment to the social security trust. Apologies
tennessee :) you?
City Council discusses land use of McIntire Park east. Is it just about golf and botanical garden?
I think its awsome I responded to my own twitter account instead of to you
Gone Chopin. Bach in a minuet.
Do you need an 8 ball for when customers ask silly questions?
I like everything but the last part .. crying is not allowed especially that special night : p
please tell me they haven't killed Raven on Twitter?
Can't wait to see The Today Show tomorrow!
lol. I was like turn your locator on so I can find you...hahah
also, stoners. =) don't forget, they make the world go 'round
In case you haven't heard, there will be a secret artist coming to #Kylestock this year! I promise you all know who he is! Don't miss it!
Night :D
Agreed. That's why Our Hero and the Badgers are running away from UMKC.
Looks like there's a lot more instagrammers , follow me > Chicmom
RIP Adam Yauch. At least he lived long enough to see them get into the R'n'R Hall of Fame
This is true. Millions of $$$ outweigh a lot of the risk of everything.
Chilling making beats, trying to see #whatsgood on this studio situation.
Don't get fooled your imagination can be your worse enemy! 😒👉👿
it's almost picture time! you'll see some new changes...
We just met and your telling me your problems already? Please go that way!
awww! This was the year we became friends. When ppl ask about school friends, I always say u were one of my 1st & best friends
where did you go?:(
HELP US GET 5 MORE FOLLOWERS TO HELP #FINDACURE!!!! WE FOLLOW BACK
im all out of words theres nothing i could say to you, to take away the hurt, so let me pray you through.
good win penz
Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; whenever there is opportunity, there lurks danger. -E. Nightingale
Nothing like an inability to sleep to help you hone your bass playing skills-Dalton
Wow, everyone sucks at playing words with friends. What gives?
Dancing with the Stars on. This is full on middle aged porn.
at least it was finally a good game to watch
Hi Darling! I know, boo hoo!! Lorraine is there so at least I can live vicariously this time! How's London?
Felt good today, well that is until I got hit in my bad ankle playing soccer
I had to be out for awhile, we've talked before about your pictures. Under my other avi which is TRay043 you mentioned
Need to clear my mind .. Be back on twitter tonight ...
LOL mid-day is perfect. it can be via phone. let me know what number to call you at and when. i must get u into this article :)
f that! K love is bothering me lately. Too cocky.
:: President Obama's speech in Afghanistan tonight will be 9 years to the day since President Bush gave his 'Mission Accomplished' speech.
*does a quick check thru kitchen cabinets. * where was the cereal? *stomach growls* of course, finally hungry & I can't find the food...
just having the same conversation! how much must that cost!
you guys are cute
Hot ticket item! RT : Fiending for a nutter butter from Swung by there yesterday to get one & they were sold out
Crossing international borders automatically adds years to one’s sentence, doesn’t it?
That's the tastiest flavor besides green. In my very own personal opinion of course.
I think my body has been primed to know when it's the weekend because I am not even a bit tired.
RT: your body on my body >>>
“ Lay your head on my pillow, just relax...relax...relax...”
-Hahahahahaha. I hav a feeling all clubs in the states will be yelling that this summer.
#nyrb should scrap that kit altogether...
Awesome man. It was my third #FinalFour, but my first where I wasn't working. Had a great time.
High top fade for prom? Yeaaahbuddy!
Looking forward to our early dinner at 's Bottega
Today I am thankful for my kids and my husband - they always know how to put a smile on my face (and keep me on my toes)!
OHH IM SORRY WHY IS THAT?
You're speaking my language!
deondra needs to hurry up with her hair
Can you hear it? #847 is saying, "Reesie Puff, come home."
I've been here 32 years and think the same thing every day... “: I've been deceived with the PDX weather lol”
domo hat!! Lol that's legit!:)
Can't seem to fall asleep, where the hell is my nyquil?
This might be my favorite one so far!
Keeping my guard up i dont want that creeper near me!!!! D:
dreams of swimming in Kerbey queso
I blast 's covers when i'm sick (;
Back to performance -- is our political in#civility performance in search of point like debate?
SEO sounds sexy. It is actually hard work. That's the secret.
What say, you, me go out on the down and swing, baby? Yea - Austin Powers
Avoid payin dues and youre bound to pay, Grind too much get Ground Away
Never fall in love with a man only fall in love with what he can bring to the table ; <3
Quick Q: Is there timestamp based access to github resources? eg version of file X at time Y? Thanks!
Yankees redsox tonight. Okay
you've been in my Firefox bookmarks for mad long!!!
Ok, I now have a working twitter App. Back to the madness lol
Dear sweet chocolate covered berries, why? For the hen party? You'll be on your feet a lot anyway, why torture yourself?
Yum, Tim Riggins
Thank you! RT : Tune into to listen to the homie spin!!!!! He's killin it right now!
Our Veep of Operations, is sharing the insider secrets to saving money on rehab supplies in a class at Lowes today.
yeah, i seriously regret it!
There is nothing wrong with chasing money but what happens when it catches up to you.
loving Cap'n America! Shit now I wanna see Thor and Iron Man 2 am I a tool or what
It's so easy to fall in love but hard to find someone who will catch you.
Done! Following new people is fun
Josh on #xfactor blows me away. His voice is like cake at fat camp, butter on popcorn, snow on Christmas morning.
Cause you broke all your promises.
Spring Break is finally here....rain finally stopped....the fun starts here and now...Zuma Fun Center is open today from 10am to 8pm.
and at the end of the day, the only good dissertation is a done dissertation!
My own interracial marriage would have been illegal as recently as 1966.
Looking forward to it! :)
Yo, is at Spring Fling tonight in Spartanburg on the stage! showtime 8p.
and boys that TyPe LIke that are....._____ jk
Let's go iceskating and to DisneyLand!!!
Don't let adverse facts stand in the way of a good decision. -- Collin Powell
hey girl hey. Let's get together soon - music or no music 😃
Congrats!!! 5 years on Twitter
“: When you lose your friend to a girl. #pussywhipped” sound familiar
some of these bitches think they gettin a check...jus kno we #rackedup over here
I wanna love you in slow motion.
#iWillNeverTrust a man with fake Jordan's on.
When I take code out of a content page it works fine. Something is up with my master page. Never experienced this before.
Happy mothers day to all my family and friends that i dont have a number too.
Sign up for a free account today at www.vetsunite.com - The Social Network
Just ordered the wife her 1st smartphone. She's finally coming out of the dark-ages.
yea your site is completely crashed. nice work!
kinda jealous. I've never been there :)
I'm really getting into the 8th season of Law and Order SVU. Who knew there was a plot line?!
Curious to know what the Freshbooks integration will consist of.....
Flex Mussels. One upper East, one south of mid town.
Happy Easter!! To all I love! To all my fans, and those who love me!
Hey Lady!! How are ya?
And you love it! Right?
location? I am assuming Minneapolis? Thanks!
Just got next-level van tagged by Well played, boys.
up thankful for another day at life
Who is your biggest idol?
Your novel is amazing. So you have a contest and the winner becomes a character in the story? That is so cool!
Diana Taylor is teaching my new book, The Transreal, w & more, in her class on Embodiment in NYU Performance Studies!!!
Am I allowed to spend the remaining time to be served in Colorado drunk off my ass?
have always been drawn to troubled idealists.
what up!
Just started as the new Systems and Emerging Technologies Librarian at the Biddle Law Library at the University of Pennsylvania!
not baaddd. how are you?
you totally got this! Pump up the worship and get in the zone!
We're about done with University! Woo hoo!
Looks like I'm off this week. Oh well!
parts yes but I'd still need someone to show up at the performances as well...buy may not stay the whole time
add my fan page on facebook Vanilla's Ladies if you love a good dirty urban read with a females point of view on pimping
how's Kobe's team doing? Hahaha.
#1DTourUSA Chicago, June 2nd, Section 111 row H seat 26 INBETWEENERS DANCE GO. :) follow me :)
Thanks for the follow
Just made myself a #strawberry #yogurt #honey #granola parfait.
That's probably News to some but who says you have to be smart to have a like page on Facebook lol just an agent actually
They tell me life's a gamble I hola bet
is Ryan Verdugo, Wa State kid (Lk. Stevens) on the roster today for the Royals?
In other words, though this feels basketball-driven, it's really not.
Time moves quickly and can't be recovered so regretting what you just did continues to waste time...do what you love and don't audit later!
good iPad typing skills are priceless for increasing efficiency
I think I was just "threatened" lmao dats it fa dat shit all feelings Jus left the building
Diet Mountain Dew baby New York City, never was there ever a girl so pretty.
Off with younger bro to midnight showing of transformers 3!! Yay fun summer movies
busy writing Saturnalia carol: We'll drag out the couch and gamble/ Forget all about Hannibal/ Cuz nothing frightens like Titans..
can I be in the story??
nah. There's no reason for me to be mad at you..
Justin Beiber looks a little lost in the ring.
someone needs to throw a big prom after-party ...
Been a great night so far at
Justice Johnson of the Texas SC delivers opinion in Gilbert Texas Construction v. Underwriters at Lloyd’s London concerning a CGL policy.
she ain't messing w. no broke niggas .
Tebow time is over! Manning to the Donco's. Time to whoop some more Manning buttocks! So glad to have you in the AFC!
Cool. Let me know if you need any help.
Happy Wednesday everyone! What is your snow situation? Here in downtown Indy we have no accumulation. Is your child's school delayed?
Our show returns tomorrow with Big Game comic Matt Fulchiron.
I have the most amazing hubby in the world!!!!
he should ride a stationary bike!
should work for me
“: Man I Havent Got Any Real Sleep Since Last Week #ZombieLifeStyle”
what a Monday...so tired...
cool have a great day almost as great as your ass!;p
come out to the Palouse and I'll show yea how them bonfires work!!:)
maybe now i can focus on making myself happy :)
No, not an upgrade 4 me.Need to purchase CPO thunderbolt. How often is VZW CPO page updated? Whats the best way to get one?
I LOVE YOUR BROTHER.<3 (;
u keep replyin to the wrong names haha. im done changin em. but its that level, if your head almost hits the wall
Lame at bat by Garrett.
We just launched some new features for groupon .com. I would love to hear your thoughts
We sure do hope you have your iPhone ready because we are about to turn it upside down with the first HBCU Mobile App coming soon
I was gardening, and my dad came up to me and asked if I found any body parts.
It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job: it's a depression when you lose yours. ~ Harry S. Truman
SO excited for you :)
Come to 16mm, a screening of 4 experimental films in response to Justin Boyd's Dubforms! Feb. 29th 6:30 PM at the VAC!
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs that we're to ignorant to see what is right in front of us to enjoy the simple things and therefore love them
Wingstop and Buffalo Wild Wings,
omg. its so funny when your dentist has rotten teeth. like wth. -.-
Had no idea who Sarah Phillips was until this afternoon, now I'm very intrigued by this whole thing
the self is not something one finds, it is something one creates.-- Thomas Szasz
compulsive liar.. smh u don't have to make up big stories to impress me (Key; just be YOURself)
I was watching some youtube video's & i realized madonna sold her soul to the devil for fame!
Seriously my life can't gett any better, thank you for making it this way! :)
i cant stop watching their alan carr interviews omg.
Work. Errands. More work but outside. Now relax.
I never thought this day would come, but I'm finally over that time the #Brewers traded away Greg Vaughn in 1996.
Congratulations! Mover & Shaker indeed! Much deserving of the title!
♬ 1996 The Spice Girls make their U.K. TV Debut on music show "Top of the Pops" ♬
RT I bet carlos gonna try to teach me how to dance house music
Oh Ivanka, to be up this early I should have sent you a caffeinated Wired Waffle!
We have a handful of #FLEX / #ActionScript #Developer #Jobs in #Seattle. bit.ly/dDn0WQ
#youdustyif your grown still walking around wearing animated backpacks.
It's Kettner Nights so Come check out the Shops tonight on Kettner Boulevard in Little Italy Stop by & Mingle over Snacks & a Glass of Wine.
I am so Hungry!!!!
what a high today
I don't have any friends that are upset by Obama's remarks. In fact, everyone is celebrating.
#GoTribe I hate to bring this up but the Boston media was getting on Derek Lowe in 2004 for golfing while nursing a bl...
Haha thanks, let's go for it! We love both Bears and Karate, but not Cheetahs and Jujitsu. Do you know why?
Blog post by Paul Butler
i have this weird thing about people calling themselves "artist". say it only once for every legit piece of art you create.
Good Morning! Windy day, but still writing up proposals, and working on fences today! :)
Rather suspect Minnesota is gaining an international reputation as "the place where things collapse."
Lately, you’re the only person I’ve been wanting to talk to.
thanks for the follow - got a favorite movie quote?
great now I have that song stuck in my head. Watch out for Smokey today.
What's wrong?!
With at the #lakers vs. #Knicks game. Wonder what their production budget is!
so I called her back and she wouldn't get on the phone so I told William to tell her that I was only kiddin and I was sorry
Funny..I'm a dental hygienist, I just had sinus surgery and I am also praising God!!!
Happy Holidays and safe travels.
send Santa my way, would ya?!
Alright, that was the last one.
MySpace is lame now. Shouldnt have gone and changed everything! *cough* Facebook *cough*
B Remove you from president of my fan club, that's what.
Come'on Man! We're rooting for you, snatch the ball out of the air and make something happen! Great D so far!
being a good mother is always in opposition to being a good worker in the US. Unless you're a poor mother receiving benefit. Ugh
Please be couple on her graduation PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE.
oh really?
anyone know elizabeth kay from 99.1 shed b a good MC?
Really? :O How come didn't you go to one of her concerts there?
Welcome to Good Burger. Home of the Good Burger. Can I take your order?.
Is Jacobsen still going to ASU.
Men willingly believe what they wish. - Julius Caesar
Your not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on
Gang-shooting case: Adult charges for 2 teens rare
im mad you cut out like that and didnt say bye :(
what brand are these so I can also become addicted?
OMG clippers and Lakers tomorrow- where is the medication/ stash of Johnnie Walker
Nothing like a super Mario brothers w/party hype remix to work out to! Thanks !
Tomorrow at 2PM! We release our first song from our EP!
!!!!!!!!Follow and you might win the Milwaukee Person of the day!!!! New person every day!!!!
God Mooorrrrrnnniinnnn rise n grind time to shine. Todays word is focus. Stay focus on the prize.
Heading out to launch party at Who else will be there?
Big day at Twestival Baltimore. Today, we announce the line-up for the HF-TWESTIVAL!!!!
Dear analysts, why play the Superbowl? To hear the talk Green Bay already lost... Go Pack Go!!
This time, he says "Look, mate. I think it's obvious that MY name isn't Jaclyn, ok? PLEASE stop calling. The rep replies "are you Irish?"
I was awake at 4, but ours has an engine. Our neighbors would have been pissed but maybe it would have killed our tenant's afterbar.
This really cant get any better <3
Day by day construction clearing up the bkf
I almost voted in the Repug primary, but couldn't vote for either!!
On painmeds now so not feeling anything, MRI tomorrow we will see...miss you francis!
Exactly! RT : A5: Yes, if you dont aim for a target it will be dumb luck if you hit anything.
Today is National Kiss Day! So what's up!? 😚
ha, ha, yes, I've had the same experience.
Really there is no one "New Mexico"—there are as many as there are people—every one unique—shaped by memory, worldview, hopes, and plans.
Character capacity is about the space, freedom and safety to bring our whole beings to work. What keeps you from bringing your full self?
Walked passed 2 guys sitting in a car with the dance version of the cotton eyed joe song CRANKED. Nothing weird about that....
Congrats on your fitness agent!!! You rock!
On Our Way To The Airport:):)
Hubert Robert's four ruin portraits are immense. I wonder if they were inspired by real scenes. I'd like to think they were.
Omg only 5 more mins yes !!?:-)
ahh feels good when im done working out hahaha feels refreshed idk y
I can't believe went home but he will go far in his music career cuz he's gud
Malone's is about to be on this morning! Be sure to tune in!
how about milwaukee?
I spoke to a former NFLer's daughter/caretaker yesterday, said her father was uneasy about filing lawsuit but joined because of Alex Karras
haha i dont seem to have any recollection of why im not shit :p
Well, good morning folks!!
Hows the ladies today
but what website?:o ksbausbshw I HAVE TO KSJDBSHS
please please please follow me I love you so much i am you number 1 fan ever
me to! I'd die like 10 times, come back to life, then die again, & cry.
can i come?
I'm TOO nice sometimes...
Is it just me or is anyone else totally unimpressed with the #AmericanIdol ladies? Looks aren't everything, boy judges!
What do cherries, margaritas, and toothpaste have in common? Shauna exercises her sweet tooth at Jelly Belly Factory, Sat (2/12/11) @ 8:30pm
I think you are still hacked. Just got a DM from you 20 mins ago.
(Emerging outside after three hours of process philosophy to find cold front has driven humidity from the air)
u wanna text
haha i cant stop playing this dang song!
Tony Parker Finishes 5th in 2011-12 Most Valuable Player Voting
Laidback Luke tonight in Philly!!
Can we get David Cone on twitter. We have you, Bob Lorenz, Jack Curry.We need more Yankees on twitter besides the 3 stooges
Eyes are dry. Lids are tired. Neck is curved upward.
: YOU are A-MAZING! Any woman would be lucky to have you as a Valentine. ;)
Thanks for letting me know
love this, thanks!
smh who you going form?
LET'S GO
Beat the beat up
So. I just heard Senator Scott Brown speak.
Wish I could be at #bamboozle so bad!
Congrats on the new job! Big loss for us/, big gain for the Big Apple!
you're an inspiration man. Keep speaking that
is that a FroYo flavor? Or whatever you people call it.
Want to go to SEE "The Artist" cuzz apparently no one talks!
Clearly I remember picking on the boy seemed a harmless little fuck
If I am , oh well
Woooweee. Busy week. The tired never stops.
It was amazing.
Dems knocked on 234k doors and WAW must be at least 150k..over 400k total but only about 20% home. Time to make last push!
The hardware store over on Monroe Ave., across from the Y, is good for keys and many other things.
💟💟💟 i fricken ❤ you omg my appointments went great! Baha
end of 3 claims the lead at 8-6 over One quarter remaining in
slept from 3pm yesterday until 430am this morning... fail
These guys are good!! If you haven't seen or heard them yet, now is the time!!
It's daily. Seriously, I'm convinced it's contractually obligated to only work 4-5 hours a day; nevermind my 8 ...
#tastemakersks! So sad I had to get off the call early. Learning from others strides and setbacks is a lesson and a blessing
why he blocked u
#FUTP60 RT Discovery school was such a blast!!! Thanks everyone for having me! Get active and drink your milk!!
review it up
Heading to Kraeger Park for St. Charles soccer--5th grade girls against 6th grade St. Vincent's. It'll be a tough one--go Cardinals!
. Which side of division do you come down on? Or are there more than 2 sides?
12 Days of Celeb-mas: Celebrity Hair Transformations of 2011 (PHOTOS) On the sixth day of Celeb-mas, Celebuzz gave to me . . . six brand
I've thought of that myself xD a girl I go to school with is one & I asked her a bunch of questions about it, sounds easy & fun xP
Journalism. Raiders is top-five all-time dude.
Chris Paul with 3 assists on the afternoon to go along with 4 turnovers and 7 rebounds.
My daily routine: wake up, be amazing, go back to bed lol
Filling out my address for the 4th time on a comic sans "employee information" sheet from EA, sad
Ouch! Hope you feel better soon :(
do you ever go to houzz.com? Drool.
Blake Griffin hands down RT : Which player has the best dunks in the NBA
If your dog has a reason to come and knows its way home. It'll always come home. Same thing goes for your man.
I think I've only done one horror movie, Psycho I
I'm sorry #Ubuntu I'm having a huge issue still wrapping my head around the #Unity interface, does that make me bad?
Hey Love whats up???
On way home...I'm going to miss my lil spa weekend at the Westin and on the dinner cruise
Thank you. I'm so glad that she won.
Don't get mad, but I'm not super impressed by this whole moon thing.
i just created a hasthag for my Wednesday social media event #WLUsocialmedia; am tweeting articles and video am reading in prep for it
Cannot wait for the #BayernMunich v #InterMilan match!
"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality."
NOW Following HELLO SISTER!!!
If you like #salsa or #bachata go to Millennium Hotel tonite in #STL! Tremendous party guaranteed! Also, dance performances!
Did you know that Associate Members can borrow ARE study materials for FREE from our office on Chase Street?
Loving the first day of fall
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL KEEP OUR TROOPS IN YOUR THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS ,BRING THEM HOME SAFE 2012
Celine Dion coming back to Vegas Special Concert for her big return opening @ Caesars Tuesday March 15th 2011 send your request to MVP
I can't sleep.
Confidence - how nerve cells: almost restored.
It's getting late for the Budget Committee: CM Englander just asked the Planning Department for a report back on a football team.
DUDE! I miss you man!! Where you at? I need a pep talk dude, and you need to get your mind right and holler at me.
My music understands me better than anyone #Vibin .
hmm okay. Lets shoot
I love you too. Old drumline shiiit.
...while eat my oatmeal, drink alkaline water and work
Sometimes I cry because of your perfection.......wait what?
Stop at Gerrity's and pick up some Hanover's .5 ounce Halloween bags. It's the only place in the world that still has them. :(
what are you seeing while you watch so very closely? I'm waiting for them to acknowledge k12.
Happy Monday, hope everyone had a great weekend!
I'm from Bellingham!~
omg not yet lol but probably in the near future
where are you
RT : Thanks Patsy! I like how it came out. //Did you Stumble it?
RT : Steve is the best. RT : thanks much - great :)) - Just learned from today
Sign up, we can fly in together and be roomies! Or we could hit up one of those one day workshops for high falls in NY.
FLYSTAR MONEY GANG, FLYSTAR MUSIC GROUP, #FMG WE BLESSED CONTRACTS R STEADY COMN TO US WE R DEF #SIGNING SOON MMG,DEF JAM,UNIVERSAL
I guess when u r doing the equivalent of none, does it really matter, as long as u do 1 or other? It's more than what I was doing.
I'm the one learning to enjoy basketball and who's snoring thru this must watch game? Not me!
Good job on the #sponge video shoot today. I think should invite Sloth to all future performances.
Getting excited! I'm launching my multimedia project Feb 1
[If] a situation is unpopular, a good official must not shirk it. He cannot take the easy way. He must face it and try to solve it. [1945]
The Ibis fly side by side, front to back, floating, dipping, riding the wind, 30 or more.I only imagine when the FL sky was black with them.
Provided I can hack it out of its frosty Frigidaire time machine before the next century.
Im beyond tired and i need a massage...
waiting in the MKE airport headed to PHL. 1 hour delay on this snowy day. But soon, the warm suns of Africa ! =)
is rapidly growing and hiring positions throughout the company. Stop by their booth for my info today. exacttarget.com
Team work and beer sesh!
I just voted for #DAF11_THetherington at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
I have Friday and Monday off. Woo :D
Ok, really Coffee Bean? I think '10 minute time outs' stopped when I was 5.
I am very proud of you...re: WHCA board.
I need to find someone who can bring a computer back from the dead. I think I got a very nasty virus. Help?
#3wordforyou I feel Nice
are those spatulas in your avatar?
What a glorious day in Granby, CT! It finally feels like Spring is here!
pretty good!! I've got a couple more days here. Love it. Everything is perfect.
Where would I be had Tammy not encouraged me to resume live music 10 years ago? Else, I might've given it up completely. Can't imagine.
Oh I've tweeted before IYKWIM. I don't know what I mean.
im sorry i dont see your type of music on the charts. hahahahaha
VERY Impressive After 2 hours of training I am officially exhausted. But, according to my I burned 770 calories!
Is granola even good for you? Let's be real.
Yes! We do press releases. Good times last night at :)
What happens when your will to live no longer takes center stage ??
Welcome to Twitter , KnolwedgeWorks' Pres and CEO!
please follow me! i converted some people into Mahomies! :D
Congrats to the Rays for sweeping the Yankees. It's a long season, but I would rather be 3-0 then start out 0-3.
Some folks reporting about 's new film THE GREEN INFERNO are totally missing the Cannibal Holocaust reference.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. – John Quincy Adams
Obviously there was a potato sack race that day.
The next time someone gives you a compliment say thank you and really let it soak in. People love you!
way to go Ash!! That's awesome! Take my finals for me
is holding it down after 4 innings for the , 1-0 O's at the top of 5th
Everything is always my fault , I always have to take the blame .
u are just to beautiful for words god its nuts lol even in my wildest dreams couldnt dream up a more beautiful women
My brother hasn't pitched this bad in 3 years.......
is on fire today
I think so.... I think there is a cocktail party on Saturday? Are you coming Saturday?
You can't lose something you never had.
MADISON YOU SEX GOD OMG WUT
ill be there march 22-27 most likely. staying at mandalay bay where my boy works. there is like 7 of us goin. u need too!!!
and Thanks for following
Agree! : It AMAZES me how immature boys can be
stop bringing #rosie on the today show
This past weekend. Yes
Our pleasure!
Hey Tyler, names on tickets not required for entry. They'll need valid ID to prove 18+ and a valid ticket.
You missing out! Run home lol!
it's great to be here, though mostly applying for jobs so somewhat preoccupied :-)
Probably soon! We are from Florida! If not then probably on tour next year!
Veteran writer adds big pen to New Media team
Making Impressions: North Plains potter and teacher Michael Simmons readies work for next weekend's Ceramic Showcase in...
Follow Us Please??(:
#MyBiggestFearIs people thinking i'm a shark instead of a dolphin trying to help (Figuratively speaking)
do they have sugar free?! Ha
On our Facebook page..we still need 1 winner for a pair of tix to Lucky Deluxe tonight ..go there!
If I wasn't going to NYC today, I'd be at enjoying their 60 inch tv on the patio, tons of food and watching the #Caps game!
Congrats on finishing! Left a comment for you on your blog.
can the latter exist without the former? All perception is relative. Without bad, there can be no good.
thank you so much! I wish I could be there and pinch your baby's cute cheeks :)
love you too beautiful text me<3
My mom needs to stop hooking me up with her friend's kids.
Rookie's I'm guessing make the 100: Cam Newton, Von Miller, A.J. Green Patrick Peterson
RT : The Kardashian's are so talented!
thanks we intend to have fun!
This coffees making me want to run around the store naked😁
I'm actually a nice person .
LMAO RT : Facebook needs to add a "Still banging my ex" as a relationship status option.
Just imagine what would have happened if all three asked on the same day without you having committed yourself to Slovenia.
Mailing this week! Mailing this week!
not sure what SLU is, but if I'm in town I will be sure to be there! (that whole living in FL thing gets complex!) :-)
Went shopping, found this shirt but I really didn't feel like going into the dressing room so I just stripped in the middle if the store(:
"It takes much more courage, strength of character, and inner conviction to forgive than it does to hang on to low-energy feelings."
Yeah right. Mr. T and Tom Arnold were classics.
Oh you're having a grad party and invited 1,200 of your closest friends on Facebook? Let me know how that goes.
hey boy hey ;) haha
If you're wondering what SOPA is, go check wikipedia.... Tomorrow
Oh! That has a completely different meaning for us guys :D
What do I do!?! Common Plumbing fixes are at: oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com See you there!
We want to reach out and tell women with ovarian cancer and their families, we are here for you. Call if your need support. www.docit.org
you too! have a good day
My girl ain't doing a thang at home, that's why I'm right here with you. And ion really care if you tell, but tell me if you do.
please follow back sexy
@ cruz, this time I read it and felt dulcet tone
Let's go Donald Driver!
I just don't get the chick who wanted to be on America's Next Top Model... she's just not even that good of a singer. Ugh.. AI is so rigged.
Im one sarcastic mother fucker.
It was awesome and inspiring to meet and chat with and others tonight. Thank you!
it has to be done and so shall I wait.
Hard to handicap today's beards - poofy chops, neck pelts, a classic mustache - was Edwin Morgan a vampire? So many questions.
Indeed. At the very least his argument puts all sexual accountability on women.
-It's T, my other account ;)
the 9th and 10th are very important days for me
so Mikey has a girlfriend..
Cell phones should have the option to change "airplane mode" to "drunk mode" that way my drunk texts never leave my phone.
Omg there is a girl scout cookie kiosk at the mall wow
#irespect anyone that doesn't drink or smoke their balls off.
Gotta stay on my A game when it comes to she's bad <3
thanks man
thank you! How can we get some of our classes listed in the events section?
wish you were here!
It's a real horror. Thanks for bringing it to my attention :S
Someday we'll have to tell you about the time we got shouted out by Chingo Bling while he was performing at !
Claudia Mueller of CVL in Columbus, GA responds: "educating the board and building a staff that is continually learning."
Coming soon on blog site will be "Building Win-Win Partnership" for chapter & state council leaders.
Good listening to you again :) RT Look who has made an appearance! Good to see you.
I'm off to With an umbrella. An umbrella I probably won't open...because it's broken. Wish me luck.
Lets get this
Ready for Saturday!
Reality Check of the morning: "IF YOU WANT CHANGE.... YOU HAVE TO GO THROUGH CHANGES!!!
Honestly, the world should have more but that's not necessarily because he's a tech circuit rider. :)
All men who have turned out worth anything have had the chief hand in their own education
We strangers now..
RT : Leverage the community of influencers to help you tell your brand story
Freiboth thinks tunnel creates tons of Seattle jobs. We hear only around 150. For... $4 BILLION. That's some expensive jobs.
#20factsaboutme 5) No one really understands me
“: #ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless One Direction Tickets :) ” yes
he's just trying to make a splash and be controversial. He needs to live up to Barkley.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU! The finale was what we've been waiting for! Chuck and Blair. <3 I love how she went all in.
The only time it's acceptable to pick your nose and eat it is if you have coke up there.
It's peanut butter jelly time... Peanut butter jelly time.... Wait ..strike that. It's #BEER time. Lets get this party going!!!
Official news! We're expanding our #Broward presence! June 1st Friendman, Cohen, Taubman & Co. will join Kaufman, Rossin...
yup, trips are up on the website. So happy we're back in Florida! Two Decembers in a row
Know any high school or college kids looking for a spring/summer job?
Don't let the moments slip by...they're what remind you you're alive
White Chicks is way too easy to be swept in to. I'm 15 minutes late in my shower now.
“: pssst... don't tell anyone, but McGill is bidding to host #dh13 – anyone interested in visiting Montréal?” ++good
I think by laughing as hard as that, I shat in my pantz
#Nuts: the #walnut is the oldest tree known to us. Its fruit is rich in #protein and #fat. It provides 600 cal per 100 grams.
Away from work drinking beer
I just like kosher coffee.... Is that so bad?:(
Feels amazing to be back on the iPhone 4 after 9 days with the original iPhone.
“[Young people] are forced too early to pick an identity: ‘This is who I am, this is the vocation I’m preparing for’”-author Andrew Delbanco
You people tweet way too much
I got no phone :( seriously! i'mma get one soon ! #YES - are u going to Springfield tomorrow?? d:
fuck them worldstar haters they aint fucking with jersey in anything that we do, negative or positive
I wanna thank all the dads who ACTUALLY act like dads , this day is for you. <3
He is a great teacher and will be missed I am sure. Not to mention he was the sharpest dressed teacher I ever had!
Contact us at and we'll direct you to the right person. Mahalo!
Yeah. I'd often wondered if we should have a separate acct for live tweeting (which we do frequently).
Indiana should be able to handle Miami
Strozapretti Pomodoro app, pasta sampler, & balsamic steak!
SIBC news - Tavish Scott commented after 78% of delegates at Scottish Police Federation AnCon voted to oppose single national police force
Good luck to my friends with the Grammy nom's tonight. See you soon.
Thought it was good, but not great. After reading your post, it might have been due to the girl next to me throwing up.
do u think I can get a follow back please?
I kicked the gym's butt this morning!!
Watching Hannah if I remember right its a gud movie.
Screw it, the Rangers are seven wins away - money isn't an option. Ticket to Game 2 purchased, first ever Conference Finals game at MSG.
Austin's little dance in his 'one in a million' cover>>>>>>>>>❤
My favorite Tom Hanks movie is...fuck Tom Hanks.
it's funny in retrospect that your mom thought "we don't need the internet"
you must be bored outa ur mind if u're tweeting!Tell J-Low to buy u a drink and take ur ass to get that face tattoo u wanted
reading the boys' thank you notes that are on the cover of the album.Im like bawling :')
Baby theres a shark in the water </3
Wtf am I doing on level 5 of 100 floors?
What is going on with MLB Extra Innings and the Giants/Phillies game? Come on now.
Seriously this time...goodnight (:
Worky work work.
Super duper excited.
Great episodes. It's my favorite show in years.
If your a white gurl and fux wit black guys...I see u
no, I imagine they have people do it for them. you need a stunt double!
thanks for Following back Good-Lookin ;-)p~
Wish we could be there!
we can work it out!..... Baby!.... Baby, we can work it out!
We're there. So far, really good info. Thanks Beth Kantor!
There is something deeply wrong about a Scrabble game that doesn't accept the word JEDI
I want someone to do that with. And one day, I'll find out why you took that from me.
from Blog: Cities court retail development at
Thanks Ann,
NPH must host the Tony Awards every year.
TimeMatters first license wil cost $950. Additional licenses for the Less Paper Law office will run about $550 per user.
Brendan Shanahan would suspend Ron Artest for at least 50 games. Intent to injure, elbow to head, injury, plus PREVIOUS HISTORY
and countless pubes
Haha , "No No No , Dude aint Eating nothing off Me so why would i sing that ?" Aha , play so much(:
someone on my list was playing too. i want to play. how did they get their hands on it?
Oh that is too thoughtful.. change is good :)
follow her she's a recording artist!
good morming boo happy hump day
RT Everyone's getting pregnant!
hi want to DM?
Given all the hysteria, it’s interesting to note #SocialSecurity has been in surplus for 30 yrs and will continue to do so
Oh no! There's a Twitterjail? Can we bail you out by clapping our hands furiously?
Happy Star Wars Day!
Haha, I forgot about that. Good times!
#Imagine: The boys are performing WMYB, & Harry lifts you on stage,& sings his solo part to you,then smiles & lightly kisses your cheek,♥
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt. --Happy Thanksgiving...week!
That sounds so amazing right now!
My football coach said i needed to get a neck scholarship...
#liber2011 Any news about tweetup at lunch today? I just got here ...
Happy Birthday to Koochiching County's finest -- -- a must follow for MN politicos!
The bus driver tried getting the guys number , but he's married haha xD
“: Is it art Basel yet?”
timberwolves must make good watchdogs
YOUR ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS.<3 LOVE THE DRESS
Roddy B and Brandon Wright are BALLIN for the Mavs right now... don't forget, Roddy's career high 40 was in Oakland 2 seasons ago
": Both my sisters are engaged and I'm Nothing . " it's ok cousin, I don't have a ring either lol
LUCKY! XO
I want it! Your new motivation coach deserves it!
Is rocking the Bret Michaels costume tonight
Is one of your 2012 Resolutions to get in better shape? Here are a few tips you can do at your desk:
So thankful for today. Had a blast! I was so glad to catch up with everyone:)
#OddJobs4AThug2Have Private School Teacher
im sure you are. You always have a positive energy. You can do it :)
Be the first to respond to the next trivia question in the next 5 minutes and receive 1 FREE King Tut ticket!
thanks karyanne! Check out the tunes at www.reverbnation.com/wheelies
dang u never at work
Your focus needs more focus
People are so fake now-a-days..
Sitting in conference w/companies from all over North America who sell in the B2B and B2B2B space. They should be at #smbmad this am.
#nowplaying World War I~ :)
I thought that was your daughter. She's your niece though, right? Still beautiful and good practice for you!
done. Now how about ppl in In who R NOT in construction back 2 work?
Thank u! RT : Great session covering visual storytelling - building story, characters, photography, video, sound #sxmggp #sxsw”
“: Fuck yeah #ThePatriots just came out my my dad's song Crazy Train #superbowl ”
On the way to sound check. Said waddup to M.O.S. and them met Tony Humphries
needs to follow me back. (Holland chick)
I have to get all four taken out because they are growing in sideways an I love my food.
Psh. I'd work him so good he'd call me. Lulz.
Don't Go Broke Trying To Keep Up With The Captain.. Act Your Wage !
I think I just followed the whole cast of on twitter. did I miss anyone?
Many thanks ;-)
just go running instead.
We have a new server ready - vpn32 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
hey whats up!!
Thank you for the RT!
It's taking me more than half an hour to get through 3 miles in downtown Portland.
#TwitterPoll What are your plans for Labor Day?
Attn Service Industry - OFFICIAL Mother's Day After Party at Red Rabbit. 10p-Midnight. Bat and a Ball and Dealer's Choice. Spread the word!
We're almost to 8,000 Facebook Fans! Who will be lucky number 8,000?
Vegas baby! ICF Conference - This will be my first year attending! Any tips from those of you who have gone in the past?...
Sad day. My mother has passed but she is now where she has wanted to. No more pain!!!
Thanks! The FB one click button was the work of design magician !
Kevin Durant and Michael Jordan have the same record... both clutch players.... so KD = MJ ??? #reasonable? #closestmatch?
Someone pick !!!!!
Other good lists: publib, ARSL (if you work @ a rural library), LITA (if you're interested in tech or want to learn abt tech)
YES SIR (:
ya, sure buddy!:)
Attention! Albuquerque , NM ! Venue change; we are performing at Gasworks tonight! 2429 Quincy st. NE! Doors at 7!
Watch CBS58 and Channel 12 at 5pm for coverage of the Women Build.
I guess the real question is...do you say it on your birthday?
Proverbs 8:34 (KJV) Blessed is the man that heareth me, watching daily at my gates, waiting at the posts of my doors. - Wisdom
K rate will regress back to his career norm (14%ish), look at last year/MiLB #s. He's been a .300 hitter his entire career.
I look forward to taking part. Will be in the equivalent of intensity for 2 months
Celebrate with by reading a #Mothersdaybook to a kid. How about the 1960 P.D. Eastman's Are You My Mother ?
Wish someone would talk to me!!! Baha so bored :)
Driving on the Capitol Beltway around DC is making me appreciate the lack of traffic in Rochester!
Cajun dill gator-tators!!!
Omgosh I never had to pee on cue before. #notrust anymore
We really need to do a review of them. But I'm torn between wanting them to be successful and not having it get too popular!
plz follow me can u be my 300 follower plz and thank u: D
Those moments where you're close to giving up but won't cause you're fighting for something that means the world to you.
I see stars<33333333
RT : Hm, reviews are mixed for my new perfume, “Primate House." Back to the lab!
I miss you friend :(
Free champagne + South Beach = happy Brittney
u cant please everyone & its a waste of time because some1 always gonna find a reason not to, so do what makes you happy because its ur life
I'll take a zero or just use somebody elses.............. GUESS WHAT
Planned Parenthood received "290,000 posts on Facebook/Twitter from Jan. 31st - Feb. 6th" regarding Komen Foundation (WOW)
#DERBYonNBC -- So! Who u like in The Preakness?
