Happy New Year Everyone. Wish You all a Very Happy, Healthy, and Prosperous 2012.
So we have found a new guitarist. Time to write and record. Expect some new music. We'll be back in the early months of 2012 with an EP.
you change yo name every five minutes
I've been watching ESPNs 30 for 30 when I work out--always think about that class!
It wasn't bad at all at the stadiums. Every time I hear a swarm of bees I am transported back. Sweet, sweet memories.
Will do that tomorrow.
well well well...look who is here...it's Friday.enjoy :))
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Woodworking Stories , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
Back to work and it's a short week. Hope everyone had a happy and safe 4th. What new #print and #marketing stories r u following today?
I want it now!!
We promise not to tease you about your scarf. In fact, we'll come up with new ways to wear it :)
Would like to connect with you to discuss some new technology and its potential for shaking up the corporate relo world.
First video: Luxury Costa Concordia cruise ship runs aground
Scorpions will play June 30 at the new BMO Harris Pavilion.
how bout this one?
Hahaha. Yes ma'am!!! They're not ready for
Did anyone see us downtown yesterday with ? The cow had a great ride around the city. Pictures to come.
Big game for America's Team Tonight Homie!?!
Love your website! Really elegant how its only one page and the projects just slip right on down...
Andrea Young a trained attorney had no idea she would be in documentary as she went to law school to fight for social justice.
You are great. Seriously. Great.
Nick cannon doing way to much.
Today is statistically the least productive day of the year. Turn the tide with a FREE shot of espresso added to any drink in our stores!
Great leaders create success by setting achievable goals.
thanks so wats up and how old r u?!?
Clippers game on!!!!
remember if O Drisceoil deals with 39 Yeats. There's also Arrington's new book, though it's mostly theatre, as I recall.
will def check it out. Random, guy at work grew up on street with Axl. Were distant friends. Said family was kinda weird.
I finally broke my last coachella casino 100 dollar bill on that bushmills.
I think we'll know in 30 min how it's workin for ya. Ambien makes me do crazy things!!!
West Englewood Chicago I want to help by having more young men programs 2 help them find jobs. & stay out of trouble
Smart-People-Networking turns success-oriented business people into a strong group of networking professionals who work together.
PYITE would be nice
Many thanks 2 the 4 hosting the Championship! The players n fans enjoyed a true championship atmosphere!
Big week for ! One of two stills arrived this week and we received our permit for the buildout. Which starts next week!
We're cuckoo for coconut, cuckoo for CoCoNut Porter
Shelley Duvall is super weird
No.... I was mad that day at the concert..
Hello, Wailea. It's been awhile. Nice to see you, too.
ah, but that would be productive of me...
Power to the Pubbys!
gosh ;o i love your jeans ;o gimme that, please xD
Happy Record Store Day! Now BUY our friggin album !!!
LOVE YOU <33
excited to hear it!
Watching friends !
Off to school.. I absolutely HATE getting up so early but seeing my friends makes it all better :)
leaving karim rashid lecture at MAD. Have a newfound respect for his aesthetic.
Wow....finally a guy whose confident enough to try to order me around & make decisions...Atlanta!!
Tweet me #s and questions for which ICONic Boy
You Rock! I only find those 3 digit scores with the "Best Play" Button! I top out in the 90's occassionally.
Congrats on your appointment. Please don't be scared, they aren't as bad as they are portrayed to be. Best of luck! :)
Shit about to leave da crib and get my day started.. What up doe
you coming tomorrow?
(Via ) RT Recent college grads are still have trouble starting their careers, and The Times is still ON IT. nyti.ms/noWSJb
It's amazing that they're making two classic movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords film at the same time.
ah yay im bak onn!!!!! what to do now..?
I'm going to have to listen to it again because I got bored with it the first time and stopped listening.
damn where at?
Dadeosss coming home today finally! :D i want another hug.
um no #blazers don't win tonight but maybe against okc
Feb 25: Anthony Burgess was born (1917). Tennessee Williams died (1983). People to this very day are still being born and dying.
or probing whatever
Good afternoon Metroplex !!We had an awesome crowd @ Mambocafe Dallas last night !And you know what ? We are going at it once again 2night !
R.I.P. Mike Wallace, a life well-lived: radio actor, pioneering news producer, master of the interview, and a ratings-getting son of a gun.
went to best buy, love technology.
Having until 4 AM until our flight back really isn't the most ideal life.
heck yes I brought the house down!!! Loves it.
Yep, I hear ya. Then my tweet isn't meant for you. Its meant for the people who are spouting their hate on the state.
I found out this week one of my great aunts and uncles spent the last few years living in an RV parked outside their fully functional house.
...this is expected at a career fair.
thanks for coming by! You were a blessing!
Planning an historical cocktail theme for AVAM's Mr. Rain's Funhouse on New Year's Eve. Hope to see some friends and old Sputnik fans there!
consider the darth vader, or retriever or ferris buhler or (older) vw dancing in the rain commercials.
rent or buy?
Will U stop the fucking QUACK QUACK QUACKING it's to load
You're welcome Let us know if there's anything else we can help with. Enjoy your day!
#NeverHaveIEver seen a white boy wash his hands leaving Harpers bathroom...
Dear lottery gods...I bought a mega ticket & I don't need to win $500 million but I'd take $50,000.00! Think we can work it out?
South Carolinians in open marriages went overwhelmingly for Newt.
Thanks, Steve. Glad you like! Please allow a few weeks for poster delivery. Demand has been higher than expected. Thanks!
I know im go fail my finals
Follow Me Back
In "Strategic Approaches to Mobile" and regretting my Twitter rustiness. Like , only a heavy user at conferences now.
Don’t you dare remember me the moment I start forgetting you.
Good night! My dog is snoozing after going to the vet to have her pit bill wounds dressed.
You're right. It's not like my usual praying-mantis style.
Actually have been doing hw since i walked through my door...
Coke up your nose, a ho on your hose, and Michael J. Fox
Congratulations!! I look forward to following your success because you will be successful! It has been a joy watching your progress
Streaming the Bears game on the new iMac RAWKS!
don't u worry, Abs..i got some tricks up my sleeve. & some HAWT visitors from NYC rockin my front row.
probably only took about 20 of them to completely hijack the chat session... still chuckle about some of the comments
Who needs Tv when they got TNT Overtime
follow back
Ha! Ha! Thanks.
reminder of the number of people who hate
Season 1 of #workaholics on Netflix hell yes
So weird to see Lamar in a Dallas Mavericks jersey; still one thing I haven't missed is JVG's backassward commentary.
ACT prep work tonight. Not looking forward to it
I'm tired
Look out Boc, here we come! Breakout the forks
I figured something out and now I have that gooey, ultraproud, happy feeling going on.
Was it me?
you're so welcome
We just saw Columbiana! Bad to da bone!!!!!!!
Are you seeing an "Avengers" driven bump?
I lived near Boston for 15 years and the best suggestions I can make are places you go on field trips in the 4th grade.
Does anybody know why Anquan Boldin disappears some games? Literally no stats posted through three quarters, come on Harbaugh!
praying for some great youth pastor friends who are prepping for service tonight... can't wait to hear all the Lord has done!!!
": I can do all things in him who strengthens me. -Phil 4:13"
But seriously, can this be Big Show's last match in WWE? He lives in Florida, he can just go work for TNA for all I care.
Thanks to audience and fellow presenters for a great session, great ideas and discussion!
if I get hit, swingin on a big bitch.
Greg link
"great, so we'll save Salad Ladies for tomorrow night, that will be easy to slip into after work"
NP - R. Kelly - Feeling On Your Booty
Maybe one day I'll end up on Project Runway. [°_°] <=== dream face.
Happy New Year readers! How many books have you vowed to read in 2012?
It's a good sign for the #Romney camp that the #Obama campaign is complaining about the methodology of the CBS/NYT poll.
I surely did. I gave it up, but the damage was done.
Do I get to count tweets ABOUT my paper in my word count? It's practically the same thing, right? Ok no. BRB writing/editing till I pass out
right on, brother.
that CAN be upsetting...sometimes you just gotta walk away from the project for a while. What's the issue?
I'm eating and my mom and brother are talking about pooh
Getting ready to begin my voyage across the country. Hope to make it to Utah by tonight and then San Diego by sunset on Wednesday.
Creation in itself testifies there's a God
Me: happy mothers day Mami! Mom: ah thank you baby.. Dont forget I get a gift today AND Sunday... yay for double mothers day! Me: -_-
Why every bus driver we get stay getting lost
Great event, wish it started on time MT : Huge crowd, 4th annual Congressional Arts reception. Over 100 great young artists!
#BlackParentsQuotes WORK WHAT I GAVE YOU ! lol. they raising em selfssss :D
don't even trip homie cuz the balance of power is shifting as we speak!
I feel like I should be a little jealous.
We need to get all areas on board with 'real' recycling.. no kudos to those that provide recycling bins and then don't recycle:(
graveyard movies tonite at 4am. SWINGERS + the coen brothers' O BROTHER, WHERE ART THOU. fink bombs & flickers. where else but Frankie's!
Kisses-In the middle ages, illiterate people signed their names on official documents by drawing an "x" and kissing it to make it authentic.
Green Street Tavern with ....good deal
T.G.I.F.! Are you taking it easy before #StPatricks Day tomorrow? Relax at #Fridays with half-priced #appetizers at the bar from 4-7pm!
can't wait to see tomorrow!!
I just learned who you are, and I really like your comedy. You look so innocent, but when your open that mouth! it's GREAT!
I wanna start working already !
If u r living in NYC and want to become a member of G2K, please send me a msg. :-)
listening to
Nice to know you on here. Love your background image :-)!
Of course it would be SF!
I was celebrating pretending to be Irish for a day with thousands of others (wearing green of course) in Chicago!
i cant wait never seen them in concert i also wanna see the birthday massacre but i would have to drive like 4 hours to see them
RT : Higher-educ student loans only encourage abuses by for-profit schools & abdication of responsibility by state coll/uni systems
Per usual, I danced. A lot. I even busted out a stupid rusty Single Ladies. Happy.
Winfield 5-4 in extra innings. Was hoping my cousin's Redskins would pull it out :(
Good morning cody:)have an amazing day,I love you<3
YEAH, YEAH....It's always my damn fault. Damn nigga can you take the blame for something?.
“: I'll be supporting tonight at the Mad Frog in Cincinnati! #DoTheRightThing cc: ” Rage face on
He's perfect ♥
Dear guy who drove his corvette through 4ft of water & got stuck.... FAIL!
lets talk about the weather...
take me along me encanta
i don't have one. :(
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
and yes voicceeeee
what's up?!
Why do neither of my roommates understand my bracket pain??
that's why they frost the glass
Bank of Texas is hiring Branch Managers - must have strong sales and ops exp. Email me at
Daily #SHOUTOUTS Always great to tweet with ya! #FOLLOW these 2 tweeps! Thanks!
Great news #TED Talk in March!
who cumming?
is chillin in Portland, OR. Goin to San Francisco tomorrow, then back to L.A.!
It's going to be fun! Can't wait! #bbbethicsawards :)
what are they using rubber core balls here, ??
Everyone's had the "When i was your age" lecture from their parents. Several times.
Finna go back to sleep
Night was turning good , until my mom killed it .
Although i cyuld be sleeping i have to get up for work now -__-
can't wait to serve you our Sonoran. Stat tuned, it'll be here soon.
Happy Birthday Mj. You're a legend. We miss ya dude. <3
lol....deep breaths
I am one million times more interesting than dos eqius man.
Its something ima have to get used to
Nothing I can say will ever make u happy. For whatever reason u r content to hate me (). Life is 2 short 2 fight.
Mom R.I.P Nancy L. Vann Love.
oof. Haven't done that...yet! :)
On my life
Everybody has different opinions
RT RT : In 16 years none of my teammates have consistently beat me to the ball. - Ray Lewis
Its great to have friends who are never there for u when u need them and always there when u don't want em'....
Im gonna take Robbie Gould with the 10th pick, just a little heads up since you pick after me
I WILL BUY YOU ONE ONLINE AND SEND IT TO YOU
I would want a couple vicodins too, if I had to deal with kids all day.
wd love to get u out here on this course to see what you think. but lkin fwd to our June ride!
thanks for sharing yesterday
Film now complete, this twitter will be winding down while we work the sale /festival/distribution strategy for 2012. It's been a blast!
Amen to that
oh. If u want to I guess (:
Nice to see you on the list - thanks for registering, we're gonna rock this town!
To all the 9-5ers heading home, have a great weekend and hug your mom for us!
In Jason Russell's defense, the man was playing an invisible banjo.
I've not been called a baller, but I have a shirt that says "BALL U" which I find endlessly funny.cc:
I see you
Awesome editorial tonight by on gay rights ... inspiring to see a champion of equality on TV
and Steve Hutchinson left guard from the vikes
Omg people can be so selfish. Get your head out of ur ass, stop thinkin about yourself and make me a fuckn apptment is that so hard
Con't ... Or maybe just bring back a old cast... That would even work! Lorne Michaels I beg you! Please help the show! NOW! ...Sigma out
Listening to #RiseAgainst... about to start studying.
it has been great!!!! Loved it. Go for it!!!
Breakfast for dinner? Hm
Cable Green, quoting a colleague: "We need to shift from not invented her to proudly borrowed from there."
guess I'm old school. Lol
Paranormal activity from the USS Midway will be shared at the conference. Much of this info is new to the public.
So they mad because I know what was said....wow
Wishin you had a Trackin Device to Find somethin you Lost.
where can I get a copy of the diagram of the structure of the media used in the movie #missrep ? Any ideas
Imagine Austin : Austin: Hey babe... You: hey what's up? Austin: We need to talk... You:....oh :/ Austin: I never wanna lose & i love you.
ugh I hate those children!
Welcome back to DC :)
If you haven't saved the project, the recording lives there. Advice: check files there to ensure you don't need, then delete.
no they were still filming
Great job by & the team opening in South Philly tonight. First #PhillyRising meeting in 4 languages!
Thanks so much for the comment, would you wanna S/O for S/O?
i like jasmines ass
get ready
Sorry for the delay. This week I could do Thursday before Night Strike, or possibly Friday morning? What about you?
What does today's word of the day "demonstrable" mean? A)Stupid B)Conscientious C)Capable of positive proof D)Of prodigious size E)Harsh
My thighs and my ass are a curse lbs
Christmas. I need you.
Recording a piano EP tonight! Excited :)
your headlines always make me stop, well done :)
Congrats on being homeowners! How exciting!
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it. ~ David Starr Jordan
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our listeners! Take the day to spend time with friends and family & b grateful for the opportunities we have :)
Yes. And yeah, Im seriously about to punch a wall.
sounds busy!! Hope your talk went well!
Now that #Obama approves of gay marriage, I would like to marry another man. Are there any takers?
Have you ever seen anyone run with their arms up by their chest like a T-rex?
okay going to start tweeting again. currently doing my show up at
RT : I remain eternally thankful for the UNDO button! > Wish their was one for life, too.
We at a red light ? I aintt gunna stop till you realize its truee my g' (:
We have to blue our loads all over that arena.
Hey i just Follow ur other Twitter :)))))
Absolutely THE best cannibal movie. But does Soylent Green count?
Do we get a glimpse at your favorite spots?
don't forget to come watch me tonight at 10:30 est! i'll be waiting!
#sxsw brain computer interfaces talk opened with your work, discussing current research aka neuromancer as reality
Yeah, I mean I don't really know anyone in Boston except Eddie.
I need more followers to.
my nails are purple ! Lmfao. They a pair of cuties. (;
looking forward to meeting you as well!
Punky Brewster - fearless fashionista & she didn't even know it. She was just doin' her!
Fresno Rock video droppin' this afternoon.
.. clarifying A2 another dynamic: not all r direct buyers; some, trying to find their way: "what's available to me here?"
it is thanks finally making the full time plung and moving out there permanantley so just looking for that next acting job :)
thanks! all the vietnam ones are up and bangkok part 2. rest soon - i'm on a mission!
Way to WORK, its going to be an AWESOME winter season!
Nothing like good food, good/odd busking, and great coffee. Love this place.
Hence why tournies are better...I can't play several at a time and not worry about donking off thousands live I have done!
Apple juice
it is my job!
Last general meeting of the semester will be next Thursday!!
I am tattooless but hear good things bout
I love you! <3
shout out to the MAD BOY!!! always one of ur biggest fann :) <3 u !!!!!
I thought he pulled out...
Someone just said I can play your younger brother on film. I took it as a great compliment, I am a big fan. Can't wait 4 Avengers.
Sounds delicious! RT made Watercress, Goat Cheese, Cucumber, Radish & Truffle Oil Sandwiches
Haaah, me either :(
thanks for following Amicus!
Come on #SDSU! Don't let me down!
banana split?
#SuperBowl Ahmad Bradshaw wanted to stop at the one yard line but his momentum keeps him forward. Wow Patriots still have a shot.
I think ima do a top 20 of my pretty ladi followers S/o dis morninq
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get - Dale Carnegie
"Oh shit, I almost dropped a plate. That's why I'm never invited to places"... "And because you're kinda not funny".
Summer School started this week. Great to have students back in the building! Sharpening reading & math skills. Register for Fall now!
Grind time
I want cereal
was going to buy a subscription to from Living Social, but it sold out, not spending the extra $30 for the regular subscription ><
Alex and DeJesus they are one and thee same because the both got long tails.
Finally, a use for Twitter! On a Sauce Sabbatical. I'll be marking my progress via tweet. Today's day one of 31.
I'm straight geekin about that Bobby Ray thing.
I'll try to find Some sciccer stuff...
RT 2 be free means the ability to deal with the realities of 1's own situation so as not to be overcome by them. - H.Thurman
if only I had the cash...
Once you're attached... You're screwed.
HA! where are you?
World Cup Final today at 11:30! Come in to Fox and watch it on our 3 10' screens!
got tan today (:
is the last person to file his papers to run as a candidate for mayor of San Francisco
“: “: Luke Scott's beard looks stupid. #Rays” <--- #truth”
She deserve it she make it all worth it
Relish will be at Desert Breeze park all day tomorrow for the World Adult Kickball Finals! Yes, I did say KICKBALL!
Not sure I could pull that off now that it's already the wknd. I'm all 4 it, if u can make it work somehow & not raise the $.
Lets get it Mike Vick! !!!
Ugh someone go to Flanagins with me! I want ribs! See, it's moments like this where boys come in handy.
It's SkinCancer Awareness Month! To kick it off, is offering 30% discount on their site,good until 5/12/12. Use code IWYS30 2redeem!
so glad I found your music on NPR- beautiful beautiful album.
Flight attendant is a beotch
We changed our background to the amazing 28 poster by What do you think? (We love it.)
Nice base-running by the Dodgers, but Loney lucked out there.
Monks drank coffee to stay awake and concentrate on what they were doing.
what about this kid
RT : Ack. I have a cold. Phlegm everywhere. Everything I say sounds Welsh.
i went out last night. first night out in a long while. im doin work from home if that makes ya feel better lol
#KingFelix & Brandon McCarthy combined for 15 IPs, 9 K's, 0 BB, 2 ER. Neither of them will end up with a W.
Hope everyone is having a fantastic week! We're having some awesome performers tonight from HOMAGROWN showcase, so stop by if you can! OKC
imagine if you were a dude and your name was Larry, but you spelled it "Lari."
My father was a saint, I'm not. ~ Indira Gandhi
couldn't skip 30 second ad
Can't wait to see the video of the #kony2012 guy explaining to his son "why daddy got arrested."
Awe, serenity made me a picture!
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine. - Socrates (favorite quote of all fucken' time:)
I thought Obama's real father was Jor-El.
that lightning looked like a tsnumi was coming 5 mins ago.
Good morning every1 who'ss up nn' on twitter jusst tweet'n away!! Get'n ready for school this morning
If Junior Seau's death results in more progress towards treating depression and concussions, something good may come from this tragedy.
Gotta say man, been a fan of yours for awhile, now me and my Dad have nothing to bond over on Sundays!
Great news everyone! SPI is going to be extending our early application deadline to December 15th, 2011 for ALL PROGRAMS!
won our first soccer game in the new upper division! we all played so well. Great work team!!
happy bday bro u getting up there
but where are the pom poms?
Point about diachronic aspects of models links up with talk yesterday about looking for historiography of models
Get well soon. Bieber Fever killed 1/3 of the population in 2011. Its one of the all-time worst pandemics
sorry, you're not pretty, i am. go the fuck away.
Joe Montana.
i love you and ur ah haha ah laughs too bro.
are precious and beautiful♥!!C:
from what i see Monte Brown will not be drinking tonight if he comes to the gathering..
Congrats! And when we all win the lotto... Congrats! *twittah partayyyy*
will do madam
I will be performing tonight at the #Brunswick #Maine Knights of Columbus. I promise it will be
Thanx 4 completely wasting 27mins of my precious weekend time waiting on hold. Also your "bundles" are a joke!
is there anything u like about school? i like to see the cute boys
Officially booked with for 's 25th with !! Pumped!
#LifeWouldBeBetter if a spoon full of sugar really helped medicine go down. Or if a little boy from a horror movie had a convincing accent
Dane Co. Sheriff Dave Mahoney says he believes tensions now easing amid protesters as some now being allowed in Capitol.
wonder if I'll always be with you.
Gay gimmicks: a tactic to get more pussy
lmao don't lie danny!
#dhtrial apparently theirs was a separate case which they had agreed to settle and didn't want to wait. Bendix saw them in jury room.
#bookaday GRIN AND BEAR IT by Leo Landry. Fun early chapter book.
I have worked super hard on a new UI for apps at the office. SOMEONE won't open up to the idea because I'm not formally trained. Really?
well in that case...be lazy all you want.
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves. - E. Joseph Cossman
Thanks good advice but just trying to point out some important details that voters should know about.
erm,. follow back ? :D
Ha! Awesome her- walkin in bldg
"Is that a leash?" "No, its a child safety tether!" "No, that's a leash" hahahahahaha new modern family!!
no its mala I'm the fukin leader
yes i am.
This bus driver seems to know all the tricks for avoiding traffic. My aunt would be so proud.
Good morning, Lord. I love U w/ all my heart but why must You wake me at 0345. Oh, I know...silence & undivided attention.
The kitten is giant in comparison to the Panda, so you might be on to something.
Happy Mother's Day to my grandma's Betty Conn & Charlotte Barnes who will also hear from me today as well : )
RT My school won too.. Yay! 78-58 final. Griffon men finish on high note w W
On my way to the office
Lindenwood showing heart here in the third. 5 mins in
So I'll follow back when I can....Twitter doesn't want me to become TOO famous, but I can't help it. I'm a shameless media whore #just sayin
Consider it done.
Your retweets are are entertaining me this morning.
riot by slaps.
it won't...I turn 20 in a few weeks and don't feel anything yet
good to see you. Keep in touch
Gonna go get the herr did... Then coffee with , then cocktails with Jack... I love busy days!
If you're going anywhere in downtown Ft Worth this morning, leave an hour earlier than normal. You might bring a stress ball too.
Wondering why the woman's restroom smelled like cologne.
Check it out!! “: Kids eat FREE all day today with purchase of entree!! If you have a family dinner tonight try Brewstone!”
LOVE this!
Tongue kiss her other tongue, skeet, skeet, skeet, watergun!
What is tango?
Off to the Mpls Farmers Market now for spring fare & to see , , !
yeah my nephew means the world to me... I don't need kids of my own as long as I got him. If I do decide to have a kid I'll be 30
it's either lemonade and iced tea, or urine and diarrhea. both fantastic!
he is a great actor
the slasher? so good
my pleasure pal.
I hear you!
anyone want to go shopping in downtown seattle this evening?
Oh my brother tryna set me up, what is the world comin' to? i loved you nigga! , lol., im just playin' Chez.
Still waiting for part 2! RT wrong..it's the CHA CHA slide now. "to the left now ya'll!
#wsox Scherzer not so Hot, now gone, leaving the #Tigers to Weather the result.
The Prop 15 campaign just earned a turd for sending out emails from Barbra Streisand.
Can't wait to watch #fridaynightfights on ESPN this friday.
Happy birthday to my birthday boos, twin-zeees !!!! Tonight is going to, get real???
do we get some of that?
"Gov. Martinez's shoulder length bob did not return a request for comment."
Oh spammers, you're so cute with you're adorable little tricks.....
RT Stay-at-home moms. When asked "What do you do?" Reply confidently with, "I deal in futures." YES!
mw3 me and
Ok just got to the Conference at Hotel Penn in NYC...let's see what this is all about.
<3 when 1/2 asleep and 1/2 awake - the alarm goes off and anything is possible. I flipped the phone convinced I turned back time by 15 mins.
Sometimes in #JMS480 with I feel like I am being trained to be a PR ninja.
at what?
Thanks Willie! One day of #JazzFest down and six more to go!!
#dctech watching peter corbett in action
apparently im the one in my psych class thats on the road to schizophrenia i just need my hallucinations to start lol
You're welcome! I have to remind myself of this very thing all the time :-)
Lol ladies I can cook!
What are the implications of e-textbooks for education? Join me for a Google+ hangout today at 1 pm CST. Look for Lisa Spiro on G+.
wait. I don't get it. Ben Franklin is from Philadelphia not Chicago. IMPOSTER! The real Ben Franklin was at #brews&bowties!
Not being able to play the sport you love has to be the most cruel punishment
too sad. Kohls?
Like this page or follow me on twitter and receive a 20% Discount on Premium Computer Tune Up service. This offer expires 10/30/2011.
of course! :)
Once you start down the dark path, forever it will dominate your destiny.
Congrats on another 1000yd season...
Massey has the badgers unranked , not 8.
works for me. I'm currently hanging out in Troy until our lunch so we could do earlier if you want, no big deal though.
well its a great fukkin song!
Nice to meet you as well. I cannot respond to your email until you follow me.
Thinking about where you're going to watch the #Badger football game tomorrow? We have $2 Labatt & BL tall boys & $5 Bloody Marys!
Gotta love when your IP telephony system starts ringing off the hook on Friday afternoon.
I wish I could box to relieve stress
i have a puppy who wants the job and will probably win.
Never get tired of saying it...Archer is bad ass.
Get em see you baby
My son is one of those statistics. He was 15 mos when he fell out the window onto our driveway. He was lucky. Most are not.
the show started as a basic greek play... now it's a musical. very different cueing needs
Best customer name of the day: Harry Foote
where is he going?
Proud of you Mr. Crump! Praying for you and the family during this process
What you talking bout Willis?
You say I played you, but to be honest... You are still the one I want..
My dog wants the jelly beans I bought today. Like, REALLY wants them and won't leave me alone. Wouldn't be shocked if the bowl is gone...
back up if you're that close to her, hurry
Really craving berrywinkle right now!
I don't think I've ever been this bored at home before
How you gon call me and try to lie and say you butt dialed me.!??? You know GOOD n WELL that you meant to do it.!!
is up in SF covering shareholder action. I'm covering hungerfast. Follow
A very warm welcome to the students and families here today for our College Exploration Day!
FREE LUNCH
Socializing for the sake of social media
sunoco on 10th
✋😳 RT : Drunk wit no ass to eat
The further you underestimate me, the further down you dig yourself. You're not here during my struggle, nor will you be in my success.
Thanks for the mention!
How so?
you too! The early spring is looking good for downtown ;)
Happy Birthday to my awesome cousin ! I Hope It's Awesome (:
I just now learned what 69 means. Wow. Just wow.
Awesome!! RT : Phree Pizza today @ Glass Nickel Pizza on University Avenue in Madison, WI. Get the code word at www.phreeps.com
Just saw 42nd Street at the Northport Theatre. Only a 10 min walk from my house.
I'll post pictures!
RT : Brittney: Strong storms are staying North for now.) Scattered showers starting to pop up throughout our area. Stay tuned!
But sometimes you just want a happy movie with some puppies and if it's not what you get, it's frustrating.-
RT : Ereaders should not be compared with books. They should be compared with bookcases.
Happy birthday to !!!
BEAN BALLET
So, presumably visualizations are intended to be perceived visually… so aren't these more of a sensualization?
You sure it's soda? Just sayin
I am my biggest enemy.
HAHAHAHA that was awesome
I hope your evacuation is uneventful. Thinking of you!!!
Give a listen to my audio clips for a laugh, Cris. (don't let the boss catch ya:) www.freekshowradio.com
time for Vegas! You're flying! Shotgun back seat
Arlen Specter is doing standup comedy now. Weird.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure.
mother fucker. Ur body is sick. Love it!!!!!
So sweet!!!
some dont know the difference now. here in Milwaukee drinking is part of childhood development.
“: that is what made it brilliant :)” I swear, I read it 5 times and just as I hit TWEET...
Once the 3 colors are applied, let them sit for a few seconds then go outside to see which color disappears into your skin.
lol well not this time lol
Hahaha wow that IS last minute! Were you replacing a no-show?
I'm a bit of a worrier. That's why they call me 'Whiskers'
Can't wait for Sunday BFF time
You murder my bubble D; RT : all girls say that, to every guy (x
How is it that has the Nets tonight instead of the Knicks? TV needs to be more nimble. Quick poll -- who should be on TV - NJN/NYK?
Shouldn't they all be at Monte Vista right now?
I'm walking on sunshine! 😄☀
In mathematics taking a test nd no 1 has a clue wat there doin:'(
Man this is best second half game ever!!!!
In car going to. Sawgrass mall.
Is it the same thing with vault tickets?
HEALTHCARE-15 ?'s to ask to KNOW the quality of your health ins plan and co. www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Order your book today!!!!!
you have bad cousins lol
I wonder of Dani blackberry icy or poo
We think yes!!
if you were in the hunger games, how far do you think you'd make it?
I hope that bitch go different ways.
Everybody is beautiful to somebody.
My Brother is VP for a huge liqour (sp) Distributor....take your pick! ... My suggestion...Boonsfarm...very country
Tonight Live music and Three Olives girls at the bar starting at 10pm!!!
Finally got an iPhone
ham &amp; cheddar stuffed pretzel calzones - Girl Versus Dough
All I've done is sleep all freaking day. Stitches hurt and I want out of the house. 😷😠
Don't hate me cause you aint me
Thinking what to tweet nothing to tweet I can't come up with something to tweet. Well I guess I did think of something to tweet I'm done!
it's Friday!!!
I'm bored af -__- I next some mentions , dms , & text messages .
#thingswomenlike when you're old fashioned
RT : 5-10pm:~CATCH Choice of Grilled Salmon or Large sea scallops~PRIME RIB~fried ravioli~1/2 OFF SELECTED BOTTLES OF WINE!
Apocalypse Now is on. My plans for a productive morning are now shot.
Our Fall Meetup is tomorrow! Come by between 6-8pm and sample our menu and taste some Meet Chefs Eric Bauer and Aaron Andrews.
At Creator's Project, I can see Ed Lee in the VIP section.
Why don't you follow back ehh ? ; )
Yeah? What's the worst you've got? (Seriously, I am looking for test cases)
Sadface, im in the US ;(
UR LOVED IN THE D...DETROIT NICKI BABY
Big time. Seems like he could use the playing time to regain his form, but is he hurt?
Wow, another amazing Mommy & Me afternoon at Tangerine learning center <3 <3
Auditioning for Fluffy Bunnies in a Field of Daisies today. Very excited!
so, erm, i'm watching Austin's covers on youtube, and i cant stop crying. you see what you do to me? ;o
Love Rachm's Vespers? So do we! State Capella Choir of Russia will present it + other faves Oct. 19 at 7 pm in Potomac. $35. 301 548 9250!
YAYAY!!!! have a photo of your ginger bread house?
Thanks! It may change a bit before launch, but we like where we're going so far!
That a boy Brandon Inge!
This coming from one who loves to mix contrasting patterns.
The FA need to investigate this ref. Just atrocious. Is the gangster Abramovich paying officials? Shady owners done it b4. Marseille. Milan
I like the redesign! must have happened in last few days?
yes my schedule is pretty clear all morning. Let me know what time works for you.
Romney is so full of shit.
Why am I always hungry!? I just ate!!
they will underrae the players like always
just say that I said if you can come to my house and shell be like of course I love Jazmine hehehe😍
ikr its ok ughh we needa hang asap catch up on old times:)
When did you and Alex meet for the first time??? :)
Thank you so much for the #FF love
I missed Twitter... *random*
are you coming to school?
Good morning Kyle! I hope your day is as wonderful as I am hoping mine will be!!!
Oh Snapz what're you up to..
#idol - Hollie dared to show a different side and she was fantastic!
The weekend is here.. what to do!?! Any ideas ?
EVERYONE SHOULD FOLLOW ! Put a stop to kony and his ways!
Waking up to Gabe :D
Mark Twain letters safe and sound in acid-free archives boxes. Loan agreement signed. Next step: display.
Who in their right mind thought the new interface is better? Why force it on us? I may finally stop using Gmail
And now they've switched days? WTF, Canada?
That what I wanted to address, but it didn't read that way. Gov welfare for the Wealthy, because it's deserving? Vote 'em out!
oh it sure won't. Just use that black card I sent you.
my god belz
Hanging with & at the studios. Tune in now!
AHEM...Correction..2SHADES is violent! 2SHAAAAADES
RT : hey can you take 30 seconds of your time and vote for my band The Species...
#whosgonnalose - San Francisco at Philadelphia - San Francisco will lose
OUCH! Did ya see that? #witnesses to #onmyown statement Huh? =D
good look lil bro
The effing autocorrect version of brass
When mom makes my day n brings me home cute nailpolish >>>>> #bringsoutthegirlygirlinme ;P
“: #R.I.P ITUNES!!!!!!” Hip Pop Star Rita Ora calls for the death of iTunes.
not true.
so you passionately love gossip?
$1 PBR drafts at Ames Plow in Faneuil Hall #Boston? Hello Miss, can I buy you a PBR? If she says yes she is a keeper! I love
I'll have to see! 9am is tough because I have rehearsal but we'll see. :)
You want to be friends? I don't even want to see your face!
word i m so tired
I much prefer standard WordPress comments
good luck with tweets! Be careful what you #!
Tell me if you come to Japan! We will asobu! Onegaishimasu!
See you all at the Double Door tonight! Door at 8, first band at 8:30 and we go on at 10:45.
#LastTimeIChecked The world revolved around the sun not you.
30 Rock love the show it should keep on going more Seasons.
had a great time at the lecture/show in RVA last night. Totally on board with your approach to improv.
WE ARE WE ARE!! Happy Holidays!
Chris Frasco is currently playing in Mocha Joe's and he's got jokes! Take a break from that unnecessary homework and come take a listen!
Steelers drafted Chris Rainey. Fastest dude ever. thank god
thanks man means so much, spread the word about us! <3
Setting tasks to fit the semester calendars Chapters are set up on is a great idea. #PRSSA A4
Off to Florida tomorrow - and what will I be doing on vacation in Florida? Crocheting mittens.
Harden not no patty though....nbs
what do you mean you're leaving
yes twin!!! Weds or thurs! Or you can come to tulsa when I give up my title on the 4th!
yeah, I know
oh okay and it's good how's track and aau
And so it begins... Take no shit from the English. Happy St. Paddy's day all!
Knowing youll never be fully gone
Yeah, THAT'll work!
When I tweet I have stupid autocorrect that makes me sound like I'm 11. -___- well i'm not. Just saying! Haha
#whenitwascoolsayto say girls rule boys drull!:-)
If followed me I'd be the luckiest girl ever!
THEN BACK IT UP, BEEP BEEP LIKE A TRUCKA.
Looking for my glasses without my contacts on is a mission
I could be your perfect disaster, you could be my ever after.
it does all morning I been on the toilet
Reorganizing today: Getting my fall schedule finalized, doing and work, and writing my article.
Thank you for all of your help and support for :)
I've never watched it so I had no idea of the racial makeup...but 23 seasons is a LOT. Will be interesting to see how case goes.
i see you up tryna be on one lol
how are you spending your May 1st?
You can change someone's day with just a simple smile <3 ;)
Be creative in finding ways to make your kids feel special even when you can’t be there.
Woo! So exciting! Welcome packs are the best!
what?! That played for the Chargers?
We have more machinery of government than is necessary, too many parasites living on the labor of the industrious. - Thomas Jefferson
will it also have a running time segment for those harried parents who can't do more than 90 minutes? :)
Everything, your music included!
me too!
It was a premake. THE THING. Yes, very bad.
Gona surprise my Grams for her Bday today!
Beilein's conditions on E Smotrycz were Bo-esque. Couldn't go to B-Ten or anyone Mich had scheduled for 2 yrs.
just turned in. What a long but rewarding day. Officially an M3 Pitch winner!!!! Looking forward to all of the amazing things to come in th…
$535 million to Solyndra while the SBA delays a $500k loan to a a growing manufacturer due to a library fine the owner's kid owes.
Welcome to the 2011 interns starting today! We hope you enjoy your semester at the Institution!
Test Your Skills! Optical illusion that can deceive you!
Kildee: we still haven't really reached out to take care of our special needs students.
There’s no need to promise excessive amounts of service. Just a little extra effort will be perceived as an increase in value by customers.
You may not go to Ravenholm now; but trust me, you will someday.
I literally thought someone was pointing a hose at the Archives window. "Who does that? Oh... Mother Nature. WTH."
hard work pays off; i need to push myself a little harder - - wont hurt no body
Hooking up with 2 German tourists at their hotel in 1 hour. They want to popper me up and use my holes. Fuck yeah!
Me and my mama are going out for brunch. RT : I love that my kids are grown and not burning up toast in my kitchen right now :)
How can you NOT watch the original Jurassic Park when it's on?
We'll never feel so safe again, But love always remains.
I should do that! then maybe I can do a gogol search for my nose.
k I will I'll text u later
Smokin' Woody is a brilliant name for a BBQ joint.
Thinking about doing a day of sound recording project for 1.20.09 - inauguration day. day O sound.
"I'm pretty sure this is why I have an ulcer... *shows easter peeps*" - , my almost-graduate.
DEAL OF THE DAY! Stop in and take an extra 10% off any bottle of lotion, but only if you mention this ad!
We were lucky to have you here! Thanks for being part of the panel - you were great.
yeah u can come visit me :)
How she doesn't want to look at herself because of her lips. And her lips symbolize how she can't speak.
i look like a gorilla
Age does not depend upon years, but upon temperament and health. Some men are born old & some never grow so
Good job bro! I need to do the same!! RT : Fuck yeah. I'm down to 255. Started this diet at 278 in jan
hey, I'm from South Africa too. I'd have to ship to you. Pop me an email at and we will chat.
Roger That!
welcome to Twitter.
Mike is trying to coax me out of the warm cabin, but i am waiting on smoke from campfire & smell of breakfast cooking
I have some FREE ADMISSION tickets for the Hollywood Jammers game for the Kids. Any charitable group or youth group send me a message
gotcha thanks
Thanks so much for voting for us!
Hey there - just heard about it this am - what's the deal?
yes it is!!!! So beautiful and relaxing at times but sometimes u wanna share it with someone
Having a cat gives you a 15% advantage in getting through library school.
gotten all I need to set it all up, etc. if you'd like a catalog when I receive my kit in a few days, DM me ur address.
seems odd that they were speedy and secretive (knowing things were going downhill). I wonder...
has a great seat to watch Linus Torvalds speaking to us. Only 3 rows back.
Rivera going down is tough news for Yankees. Just a matter of time until 's idol Jeter starts closing games.
thanks friend!
don't give up just cause you had a bad day. forgive yourself and do better tomorrow
Getting fit ain't easy but as of this morning 7 lbs down! 8 to go til fighting shape.
Love those Gators
couldn't agree more
#iabaudio bad audio ;(. Baby steps to the elevator.
I want cute little notes made for me ;(
Welcome & thanks wtzgoodPHL So many great ideas.
Watching #ActOfValor and on the edge of my seat!!!
NFL piece was fascinating. Didn't buy or agree with 100% but makes plausible (and scary) case for the potential. Thx for sharing
Experienced Recruiter with over 16 years of experience is currently seeking either contract or full time recruiting opportunities, please i…
Cool. Yes, I have 10 days of marking in my near future. Good luck with yours!
What a gorgeous day in Pasco! What are you doing today #TampaBay?
If Tony Stark had a direwolf, I bet it would look like Rush from Mega Man.
RT : you already know, I stay lowkey -- I already kno bro.. Bro sodos low key is cracking
Nice. Wanted to hit up Meat last night. New favorite bar.
Thank you for making golf exciting again. Those last two birdies were incredible. Congratulations!!!
Had the PB Blackout from The Flying Cupcake Bakery yesterday! A #mustdo if your sweet tooth kicks in on your visit to
Finished watching TV series The Killing. It's like a joyless, melancholy Twin Peaks, only duller.
Best nap ever....
follow my account
Then I learn it just a Fed Ex guy ir something lmfao
Congrats guys!
“: I don't respond to "k"” ion respond to full well thought out sentences
Our EP drops June 1st!!! Grab a DISCOUNTED Pre-Sale before it hits #iTunes and #Google Play
well, she doesn't think you're a pedophile. it's more like, "i don't know this girl and last time you went somewhere with some
#RobRyan thank you for selling all those woof tickets last week. THE LIONS DEFENSE CASHED THEM ALL FOR YOU TODAY!
And yet you still can't answer any of them. Now go and call childish and delusional
My man just ordered us a round of red headed sluts. Thx
: PayPal started off as beaming payments between palm pilots. Yes. Old school!
Just finished our last rehearsal for tomorrow nights show!
Now I'm on a plane back to atl - ah looking fwd to sleep!
Have you ever seen the traffic sign, "Caution! Low Flying Aircraft"? Are you supposed to duck?
oh okay. I read so many of these things, it must be rediculous!
watched tv all day;ummhum
what car are we talking about?
Preparations are in full swing for the BCB’s annual 28th Home Fair Expo home show. February 24,25,26,2012 at the Dome
OK, likewise!
best tweet ever.
I think I am the only friend that has
great work! Stay Blessed!
Chris Brown is killing this shit, straight up!
Assignment went great, now post work and getting ready for new assignment!! Will post details on that later:)
What diets have you tried that have really worked?
no I didn't until. Sounds pretty awesome & Simmons has a point. Are you going?
You too!!! And stay beautiful!!!:)
"MOOC" = massively open online course. For a minute I was totally hoping we were going to talk about MUDs, mid 90s online identity.
Have fun at your booking today, Bert :)
#ThingsThatAreSEXY Megan Fox
That "I fail at life" moment when your trying to pull up the covers and you punch yourself in the face. :/
trying to get you to come to Miami......
Pretty different because that trade never would have gone down.
In 1969, 52% of Americans knew someone who died in Vietnam
I just saw a somewhat small squirrel, but I still havent seen a baby or pregnant squirrel, ever!
how many people were there??
i need some sleeping pills i need to be awake for my new job in the morning
yeah that part "I love to love you baby" wow RIP Donna :(
I adore this wonderful man--> :-)
I have no idea why I didn't download sooner- I'm addicted!
Thanks for the follow - hope you're well.
Why am I the only one who think that "refill" song is annoyn?
Wouldn't we run it as a collective?
Ever notice "what tHe hell" is always the right answer?
Smiling doesn't mean that 'Im happy. Laughing doesnt mean I don't cry. & loving you doesn't mean I'll wait for you for the rest of my life.
Hey, , can you explain what is with the number 69? I've been wondering that since your 69th episode of your LP.
A FUQKIN LAME Would Be Embarrassed To Say Names Lol Its Not My Love Tho QT : Girl Who Is You Arguing With ?
can't wait! Going to 2 ST games next Sat & Sun! Get to see the new Miami Stadium on Sunday!
i'll update my twitter and tumblr on saturday afternoon!!!! since it's such a busy week D;
have moved on from "embarrassing singalong" to "Downton Abbey marathon" part of the day. At least this part can happen during homework.
Dolph Gabbana #aTime2Kill. Finna be Trending in this Bitch!!!! Listen to one song that shyt is Weed to my EARS download that Junt
Good call! I'll try today :)
Food truck gathering ! Friday night 5-9. Baltimore museum of industry ! Key highway 4/15 /12
Tomorrow should just be Friday.
Working on my portfolio.
and now she is not. ugh people
just want to commend you for your bravery & wish you the best during your process. A co-worker of mine did the same some years >
the one with the blue ribbon in the chain? I just saw that too. It's beautiful.
#WeAreUK "you know it"
Aww, I missed a hideous useless trinket of the 8th mascot of my bad baseball team. But it was free, so I'm upset.
Kia ad: funny with the Motley Crue and rhino rodeo. Did the women need to be in bikinis? Really?
Good Morning!
allowed a lowlife piece of human trash, and his weak-willed wife, to adopt two once-innocent children.
night! :D
Things are good! And bless you for saying we don't all need to write blogs to be good marketers. :-)
If you're looking for good new music, ask ! She knows whats up ;)
follow me :(
Wine Quote of The Day(grape your brain) Wine is the thinking person's health drink. ~Dr. Phillip Norrie
really ? Happy BIrthday! we r same age :)
Mary Kay trusted global name in skin care, makeup & body Beauty advice, makeup trends, virtual makeover & business opportunity
If i had 10 mil followers like oprah i wouldnt know what to say
Great game for both Georgia and MSU
these blahzay e-mails tombout: "Hi!" That's it. Just "Hi!"
Any of you guys making it out to WWDC?
Great to meet you at TEDMED, Let's have coffee in Cville soon.
international district, and it's the best!
I'm definitely guilty for letting my room get a little dusty but my dad takes it to a whole other level.
what was he even mad about?
I think I'll make MYSELF a pair of gloves today! But I can't decide on colors :S
When is over capacity...I feel all paranoid that everyone is talking about me, because when I'm finally in, it gets really quiet.
okay girl!!! It's gonna be a fuckin awesome day!
On the grill tonight: Beer Cheese Bacon Burgers. Just think about that for a minute.
Surprisingly great.
It's over! Much shorter than I was expecting...and really not a speech with a lot of oomph. I guess we all have our off days.
I think my new years resolution is to not make a new years resolution, so I don't let myself down by not sticking to it.
Time to finish packing for my trip tomorrow... I need to get the Bus Driver moving too. He has a lot of work ahead of him tomorrow!!
LMAO!!! no worries... I thought to myself I'm not doing anything! lol
I don't believe it!
I wish and were doing a Simmons-esque running diary of this Idol episode, too much unintentional comedy
U do tht every time u watch tv?
Fogg, this is a delay greatly to your disadvantage
You have all 10 of my votes!!!
like the last tweet! Haha I hear you skip! Please retweet!
He thought trading block was a woman RT : Worth noting that Marshall hit the trading block before the incident.
we got this. Faith will be restored.
why dont you guys see and follow me😢😢ive been voting all day and all i see is other peoplegetting followed..followmeback!
While everybody continues to be paranoid for the next month, I'm gonna go ahead and enjoy watching everybody freak out.
Fight of the year?
I need u & when I find u I loose u & it's like u run off into the wilderness so I can save u again but this time I need u to come save me
RT : RT : Dates for PDUFA, MDUFA, GDUFA Committee Hearings Announced, Top #FDA Officials to Testify - #Regulatory Focus
Thanks for the follow!
I'm not saying theres not an argument to put them #1. Just playing devils advocate and seeing what yours is.
Paragon Supply G&#39; Nosh For UK Launch
Yeah, Brandon should have had that, but if that pass is higher and leading him he's got a big gain.
forget the NHL & NBA playoffs...I'm just gonna sit here at watch this.
Was a bit of a relief, actually, to hear European voices/guests on your morning show-pls book more!
Everybody wants to be captin #SAVE-A-HOE, forget dat broad! Its dat end of the world anyway! Lol
If we are doing a ladder I want in! I was bummed I missed the DCWeek one.
I am not a whore #butiliketodoit oh gosh
Sadly, I've never been-know it only from books.But last month visited Portugal & found Jardim de Regaleira.Fascinating.
That awkward moment when the Google alert for your name sends you an obituary.
I said the exact same thing when i saw how stores her t-shirts.
Life's too short, so kiss gently, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive easily.
i follow you follow me or you follow me i follow you
I sit here and wonder if you'll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you.
Don't feed me bullshit
You know my name not my life. So don't be quick to judge.
Yes! To talk innovation in health and health care. RT Field trip! // cc
This #lfc game has not been ideal to introduce my new daughter to the Reds. Cmon you redmen!
TRUST the one who can see these 3 things in YOU; SORROW behind your SMILE, LOVE behind ur ANGER...& REASON behind ur SILENCE.
I couldn't make the #smallbizsummit but you should meet both of you are great supporters of
i already knw this is nthn but thoughts lol...from tripple d to da boot
Dear headache, You have shown up everyday at 2 pm for the last week. I did not invite you. So stop being rude & stay home from now on. Thx!
I like Tofu when it is marinated!
What it is De? We just hit you with more fire!!! Check your inbox.
Everyday is a good day to pay it forward
Thanks and same to you!
Wish I could be home and SLEEP!!
About to see my brother graduate from University of Chicago business school today. Not a fan of graduations - P
clouds quickly giving way to sun...partially
I wiped out Hollister & "Fitch" ... plenty of khakis/cargo shorts, tees and board shorts - in every colour possible!
you averaged 17 mph. Yesterday I averaged a bit under 7.4 mph on a windless day and felt proud of the progress! :)
My wisdom teeth are still giving me troubles :(
RT : Long talks with people who mean a lot to you >
iPhone software updates take forever!
need tips on improving you home security?
Dog fencing can be an attractive and functional option whether you are keeping your don in or out..
When you have no more places to hide, no more thoughts to win, and no place to go, that's when you're ready to let God take the lead.
- ROAS more consistent than ROI since cost of investment varies from person to person.
Just moved into the new Sunnyvale office... my days daily commute from San Jose to San Francisco are finally at an end!
um, what is going on. You and both used #urgetokill as a hashtag. Is there something in the air or is it trending? Lol
Great show today, especially that peek at those fascinating vocal cords! I caught the end but have it dvr'd!
Almost time for campaigners. #YoungLife haha im part of a
You are welcome!
Congratulations! As a high school teacher it encourages me to see a student standing up for her beliefs.
#Staytuned for our topic of the week this week: Positive Student Development.
I'm Samantha Tennity, && I'm a mormon. :D
Recording like a mad man this week. Stoked.
Cook County Democratic Women Endorses: Ameya Pawar
Sweet Moses I'm tired. Might be a 9 o'clock bedtime kind of night
Does everyone need a reality show? Tamar and Vince will have one now. No thanks
We want the world and we want it -- never mind. Three acres and a mule, please.
Ready for the #SuperBowl? Look out 4 our commercial generously sponsored by @ 6-6:20pm EST today!
Got called back for tempODYSSEY by Dan Dietz.
RT : Florida HB 7135 pending Gov's signature: requires colleges to give employment & earnings info to students....
"The best way to predict the future is to create it."
Never settle.
six-time world champion in three weight divisions...he was the best! ;)
here we come,come widd me theres a world ouut there we should see.
So my daughter turned the tv to & when she saw on tv she screamed "look daddy Tito Tito(uncle)!" she's bilingual!
╚►INFO◄╝ ★•*¨*•.★ Turf Music Internet Radio & Promotions || Need more Website Promotions? Contact
Community meeting on the rezoning of some properties near the & #depaul anchors tonight.
Happy Foursquare day! We are checking in from our Cincinnati OH headquarters on this bright Monday.
I love it when u talk shit to me when were having sex...sometime u dont even have to say.i can tell how u throw that p@$&y bk, that its mine
When people change, the meaning of things change to. #
audible or silent but deadly?
i followed u plz follow back thxs
RT of you watched Austin's ustream yesterday!
No. I wish I was. Gotta fight my way back out South at 5p.
Please, someone make sure I'm in bed by 10pm night.
nah... MLIS. Moving into digital preservation and archives.
6th Annual Casino Night Friday February 11th at the Knights of Columbus 732 Badger Ave - South Milwaukee Rockets Wrestling Booster Club
#2011icf #SirKenRobinson... but it means we have to dig more deeply into who we are...
NDC didnt have a release time back in the day. Should of kept it that way. It was totally random and it worked.
How'd the rest of finals week go? Still can't believe the number you got on the first day!
i bet her yorkie & your doxel would be great playbuds :-)
OK...... THE GIRL IS MADE AT ME BECAUSE I SAID NO TO HER BFF COMING TO MY PARTY & NOW SHE WON'T TALK TO ME. God
Back from an early morning run at the beach... WoW it is an incredible warm sunny day in LA today... especially since it is officially fall
partying is such sweet sorrow and typical miracle are personal favorites. But the whole album is fucking awesome!
No, not at all.
I can't come - but has known that. Have a BLAST!! Thinking of u guys! :)
Made first draft board for uppercuts barber shop. They said it blows all other draft boards out of the water.
Oh, wait, that account isn't Barrie's--hang on...
Will not be attending niagra falls tourney. Wish I could make it. We had an emergency situation arise
"People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." - George Bernard Shaw -
yeah right u just stared at me :(
Hate to admit it but have been flat out all weekend -- and I'm still at it. Haven't seen a thing. How about you?
I went to college here. I'm from McAllen. Do you know where that is?
Wow. How were u able to charge it? How did u keep it activated through the cellular company? You should write a book. Your story..
lol i cant :(
can't believe she joined twitter.
I somehow completely forgot it was #Arbor Day today... are you going to plant a tree today?
Focus on What you do have instead of what you don't have...The best is yet to come for you! Have a great Day Everyone....
Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *can* you believe?! --Bullwinkle J. Moose
I wonder how "baby Carlos" is gonna feel looking back and realizing he was part of an incredibly epic movie!
Thank you to all who submitted Classroom of the Future applications in the state of MN!
y'all need to work out y'all relationship
Ex, egos
Howdy Nashville, TN!
Leftover from #freegamefriday - one more copy of Nuclear Dawn -- Tweet for your chance to snag it!
Sunglasses required
haha glad to know we are on the same reading list... Though I have to blame
nm bro. How u been
Yesterday in Chicago was Africa and today is Alaska.
Happy birthday bro!
RT : If everyone was forced 2 work at least 6 months in #custserv under gov't law we wld all have more respect 4 those workers
Guy Pierce is the Australian Gary Oldman
Also, I guess I can see the complaints of being "ninja romanced" (happened to me in ME1 with Kaidan. That said...
$100 CASH PRIZE TO WHOEVER MAKES THE BEST #TWERKVIDEO VIA INTERNET CONTEST STARTS THIS WEEKEND FOR MORE INFO CONTACT (704) 728-4808
Working my ass off for this season !
#Prescriptions for #Free or as low as 23cents per day!
Amazing! Ha... well quite good...Still...the grass is quite dull looking... miss the neon glow of English grass!
Noticed you aren't following anyone on twitter?
RT Did you kno? Most of Titanic's crew was recruited on April 6, 1912? This was only a few days b4 she set sail
Happy Friday!
Keeping me busy this week #FF #FancyFoodShow &
My eyelashes are long today. :]]]
GM prices Cadillac XTS at $44,995 General Motors plans to introduce the 2013 Cadillac XTS, the carmaker's latest luxury sedan, at U.S. de
Love hearing disgusted bears fans yelling in surround sound
--- Hey Hun! Don't forget to follow me on Twitter!Sometimes I tweet a lot and sometimes I don't - kind of psycho like that :)
When does my mother plan too feed me?
Getting ready to take the stage tonight...
Sushi time with joy and baby Zane!!!
Who called me restricted?
this could also work....
I don't know at this time, I have limited access to our site at the moment. My laptop cord is toast.
Thanks for everything Fish! Pure class. We're all super sad to see you go, but we know you'll make the best of it.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
Im good how are you. Good to hear from you
: 5 words that scare the hell out of me in movies- "Based on a true story.
I just got to the violin part. I WAS A PRODIGY. Yo-Yo Ma would be quaking behind the cello if I was still active.
Morning! Time to clean clean clean.
I'm not afraid of death because I don't believe in it. It's just getting out of one car, and into another. ~ John Lenon
And when I throw this pussy you better not start duckin!
You are the best. Many thanks for the support- it means worlds!
You on facebook?
I'm calling #1 osu loses to the badgers tomorrow!!
I miss those days when i had all the time in the world.
Lambeau is the place to be for special
Going to crystal palace Babyy :P
Meeting Larry McMurtry was not kind of a let down.
Well my twitter just became the official sports talk radio station in my head.
Thanks for the heads up!
Another day at trinity!!!
Lol. sorry. my friend told me that the song was about nene. the guy that starts off in the beginning of the song went 2 lakeside
not feeling the Ep either... :/
thanks, drooling is a common side-effect! Lol
Myla informed me this morning she's changing her birthday from the 24 to the 25 because she's going to be 5 this year.
Anouncements 4 May! We have a show @ The Smokehouse in Monteagle, on the 12th & @ The Listening Room Cafe on the 20th from 12pm-2pm #come!
In San Juan watching the #Mayweather fight.
can't get that "stupid/clever" equation out of my head...so fucking perfect.
RT Anti-bullying ban has become a flashpoint over gay rights in past years.
We're open today at 10:00am! It's a beautiful day and you should be spending it here, outside.
Blog comments aint for sissies Mac. You caint be teasing though. Which blog? RT : follow up e-mails on comment left on blog
Designers Block.... HELP!!!
heat lost. fuck it. lets drink.
I'm on some new shit. Chucking my deuces up. I'm moving onto something better. No more trying to make it work.
Good! Depts need more of these. RT : On my way to Georgetown U to participate in a panel discussion on #altac for history students.
Have you been to ?! Try their District Collins cocktail! Love it!
Claude wants to know if you can pick up a few Chorizos for him?
“: one week away from my first tough mudder. Thoughts or suggestions for this weeks trng?" sleep in mud
Annoyed as fuck. I need to leave this house. asap
I didn't see it as likely, just thought I'd ask.
Great stuff Larry..thanks!
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
On Twitter and Facebook
im just sayin,dat you can do better...
RandomDistribution: Distro1 first production meeting tonight!
They be like this fat muthafucka can FUCK!!! lol
Here stick this middle finger in your ear
I'll be a few hours late for that one
RT : A #WorldWaterDay tWEEt: More people in the world have access to a mobile phone than a proper toilet.
im sorry bae :(
Taught a social media class tonight; only 5 stdts but none had even heard of Foursquare or Instagram. Puts things in perspective.
wft, are u kidding me ??? I also thought about dying my hair blonde but my mother doesn't allow me /: even blue -__-
Make sure you check out ! It's a black business community created to support the economic development of black-owned businesses.
And , of course...
Sitting next to at church.
Saw advance screening of Spielberg's War Horse... brilliant, mesmerizing, haunting, sad... a great epic picture from a master filmmaker.
SALUTE ME WHEN U SEE ME
RT GOOD people with "Habs" in their name (like ):
I may not like certain choreographers because of there negative attitudes but I never take there talent away from them...
Hey chris, how are the photos and recap coming? you did a great job. email me at
You speak the truth tho. Murked!
Our own will play a janitor named Crazy Schmidt on an upcoming episode of #Community!
Sometimes I write down the wrong date for the cupcake class.
I got a bit overzealous and ordered a tutu off Etsy. it may not even get here in time. oops.
Life is what you make it, so stop complaining and live it!!!
Things you never hear: "Hey, we should connect on eHarmony."
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. -- Richard Bach
when people are mad at you. #fustrating .
Lol I ain't no school boy...I'm tryin to progress this business
... #bullying is a serious issue and it needs to be stopped. If you see someone being bullied in anyway, please stick up for them. (cont.)
off to bed you guys... have to wake up at 2am to go see and tmrrw at GMA :D
I didn't make anyone choose, she took it upon herself to do so I stand up for myself when being mistreated I don't deserve that.
better finals rematch...heat mavs or bulls zombie sonics?
Do me a favor, save that s**t, bitch
This new Jack White album is excellent.
I'll just keep to myself.
#NYC #vaporized #cocktails Perfect,! Blat Vodka will enhances any flavors due to no impurities in the vodka.
When your alone on the bus.<<<<
This is Teresa of Pretty Dandy. Please check your email. I sent you email twice. :)
let me know when you're up.
I guess
try a bar mitzvah here...
And their Website www.greenearthdata.com
Of course, I am also a bitter misanthrope, so that explains it too. And fuck you.
Happy Record Store Day. and will be at J&R today!
On tonight's episode of "How I Met Your Mother," Lily is going to give birth.
Guilty of making the you're versus your mistake my last tweet 😳 So out of it today
Coming to you live from Reliant Stadium for the 1st ever #Texans playoff game
You got one of those Zack Morris phones?...
Is there a way to continuously play #podcasts on #iTunes?
One more award tonight. A very special officers award which goes to...
Maybe it's the rain and all these chandeliers, but SO into Tori Amos' new album and that each song has a corresponding spoken word "about."
Wk'd McIlroy detail today. Tiger quit & his crowds merged w/Rory's. Whataday @ Doral!
when that video finishes put the link up here
Lol maybe im mixed and my momma just got one hell of a secret
Take adv of the retirement of the Shuttle fleet, particularly DISCOVERY to prep this gen of stds for the next cycle of Space exploration.
Doing door to door sales in the rain
Im gonna change mine cus i dont want facts :) and im a better mother fucker!! OMG i think i like twitter better than FB now!
Getting this dumb romeo and juliet hw done with. Fuck this lol they die in the end anyway
I absolutely can't wait to do that either! 😄
The funny thing is Uconn sucks!
“: Keep tearing up those NYC airwaves buddy! :)” Thanks buddy!!! I'm doing my best Dutch Guy!!
« Don't block your OWN blessings.»
Okay 80s music kinda scares me a little bit sometimes.
May the Fourth be with you.
Don't catch me at the wrong time, or you will feel my wrath
Nahh. I'm at home watching it.
Motivate by example.
Plans tomorrow!! More planning for the Tour and the album. Wow, I'm so busy all the time now. But, I love it..
quick and dirty filtering done (am in in the running for worst site yet?), making no claims about accuracy
same here
Thanks for the follow, too. So kind of you to mention ;)
wonder if the Pats left their camcorders home, since the illegal taping of opponents their team has NOT been "Belicheck" proof.
@ tried to access the leaderboard but no pars set yet (5zciq)
Im creating a few character illustrations for an author who's completing several nursery books
For some reason I thought you weren't 100% -- I think I am confusing my conversations! Darn old age haha. Looking forward to it!
RT : : YES TO REELECTION - NO TO RECOUNT - PASS IT ALONG
Yes! Absolutely! Namaste
have to go get my BP checked tomorrow. i have a feeling its going to be an off reading after these past few days...
Daisy ran away -__-
Can't wait for our first publication on July 19. It will be revolutionary for the marketing business perspective!
": idk her name but, I THINK her name starts with a J." -________- I Think I Know EXACTLY Who It Is , SMFH .
as soon as they got on the plane I knew that was going to happen. Still ... WTF!!!
though I do like cream/milk in it. But the darker and stronger the brew, the better.
Thanks for coming out to the Fundraiser. Hope you guys enjoyed it!
You know that when you’re a kid, but somewhere along the way everyone forgets it
What the hell is goin #MichiganSt Certainly not playin like a
Hahaha Skip Bayless is really too much!! "two robins & a bunch of Alfreds are no match for the Pacers" lmao
mine just came home. hey I can steal his phone to vote too.!!!!
we should tax them accordingly
