so paula abdul is done! triflin! women will continue to be under paid :/ smh
#Entrepreneurship takes a lot of creative energy. Where do you get inspiration?
At gathering of Tom Brown supporters at Ray's The Steaks. Ebullient crowd, upbeat and loving their candidate.
I promised myself I ll never 2nd guess myself or my talent cause its some whack ass artists out here and their confidence is thru the roof
Beginning of the week, end of the month, middle of recording our album. In the studio :)
So, the media MAY exaggerate? “: Just watched the Lexington Fox 10:00 news. A bunch of people enjoying themselves, no "rioting."”
I've got the sad face. Lol
Don't forget to tune into Underground Television this Sunday!
Made 55 dollars in tips tonight. Pretty good considering its sunday.
Usually we are there- it's normally the only vacation of the year( that and the rally in October)
Thx to all who came out today!
You don't like what?
“ House party tonight Knights Cirlce at my place Free Drinks build 4 apt 308”
Feeling really good this evening!
Don't Trust the B---- in Apt 23 is my fav new show since New Girl. Alternacute rules.
Teaching how to use twitter, he's cracking me up cause he's mad he doesn't have a million followers already. :p
lose weight like a guy? really? check out www.susanefine.com
Oh NO for O.J. Does anyone even care about OJ anymore?
3rd pool day in a row. must be dreaming...
IT'S LIKE BACKWARDS FAYGO!?
Thank god for a beautiful day.(: Goodnight
I got a podcast we are trying to get sponsored by PBR. Funny you say that :)
Happy 19th Anniversary to my hubby Love you! FYI, if anyone asks, we got married when I was 10.
that I can talk :)
Same! We have IGSCEs too! It's horrible! Have you picked your options! ;)
Every single one of my followers call this number 10 times to vote. It's free. #thevoice. 1-855-864-2303.
Jaguar Announces All-New Sports Car: The Jaguar F-TYPE
who don't know where their mothers are. There are mothers whose children have died."
Ink my whole body. I don't give a motherfucker! ^.<
I'm through accepting limits cause someone says they're so. Some things I can not change, but til I try I'll never know.
Texas has the patty melt from Whataburger & Australia has Patty Mills. The Spurs' just happen to have both! LOL
mybaby is flipping u the bird right now. She just learner.
I wonder how guys next 2 me at gym feel about having 2 stare at tranny's ass implants infront of us. Probably feel same way I do: awesome
Just racked a gallon of dandelion wine into a secondary. See you in three months, yeasty golden slurry.
um i love the staten island girls .... Miss yalllllllll
Your face pisses me off.
Now that it's been established I wanna know who the hell told melon that it was mazin? damn you hawaiin punch!!!
Josh Voorhees, editor, #Slate runs Slatest, #WFUD12: We provide "transformative value" by explaining in 200 words what original said in 1000
Afternoon nap, yeah!!!
its so fun. If you like good food and no sales tax this is a great place to visit. Plus everyone is insanely nice.
If he wants you breast,legs,and thighs send him to KFC your a lady not a cheep value meal!(:
: yes Turner being aggressive Is key
lol I am happy! And I know right??!!!
WOW!! Sorry I missed that show!
I read the Playboy for the definite articles.
Kris Jenner. Pffft. That's why I'm not managing my kids. I'm their mom. Period.
The MWD Board is meeting now on the proposed water rate increases... If approved, water rates will have increased 101% since 2006
Study: Heavy teens have trouble managing diabetes
Its all in the mind set, it applies to all our endeavors. I think anyway. =]
Hopefully it gets better girl, trust is the first step and the last step in everything RT : Trust issues....
. i'm not sure. intransigent woman on phone couldn't/wouldn't. i left a VM 4 her boss. if u follow me, i can DM.
you knew she was dark skinned before you asked for the nude
Absolutely! Thanks for having us.
just started 3rd!
Loyalty will always be an issue if your fucking with fake people !,
OFFICAL LAUNCH party "One Nite Stand" is tonite @ Meze 205 N. Peoria 10PM-2AM Come party with the hottest Latin crowd in Chicago. No Cover
faith and love work together. faith is enrgized by love
My background krispy > and go see .
What did the egg say after he was put in a pot of boiling water? I just got laid by a chick and now I'm getting hard
Habitat for Humanity: We helped build a house today...and yes, we got to use powertools and saws.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring
Social practices and institutional architectures are needed to manage environment created by new media and collaboration
So how is it that I didn't know about Iron and Wine until now?
Just so you know, it is currently 20°F in Hibbing, Minnesota, and 71°F here in sunny San Diego, California...
37. #Astros 8 #Brewers 3 | Wolf tagged for seven / feast or famine with this team / starving on most days.
I'm needing some Jersey love
Yay bubba! So sweet seeing him celebrate that win!
I'm getting every other channel BUT Fox!!! Why why why!! 😖
HOLY CRAP THOSE THROWS WERE TERRIBLE!
You reply so fast.. are you waiting for me? How sweet of you!
Well....for your information.... What I do, I do well and what I don't do well, I don't do at all.....
Dale Chu and Jon Gubera are now presenting Indiana's A-F Accountability Model to the Select Commission.
There was a time I felt the love from ... But now -_-
You want to do something great in this world? Want to fulfill your purpose? Want to make a difference? Then be submitted. U cant do it alone
"Hey, I recognize you! You're one of the twins!"- A woman to me this morning
“: bust nuts on life” you said it.
I fucking hate you.
the morning show sucks without Boomer
Did you just call yourself flat chested?!?
Cuz I ride or die babe we gon be good And if you ride or die we gon make it out this hood
RT : RT "It is very important to engage; it is multi-layered conversation." - YES
Thanks for sharing!!
Pre-Paid Legal Services, Inc is now LegalShield. www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
hell yea!
Yes, especially if one pops on you.
Something else. I would never pay to not own a hard copy of music
be careful with open flames!
now u have said... Some said they sent an email to my business email yesterday night. And I have got anything.
Please & thanks! Which retailers are you in (if any) in the Northeast (Boston-area)?
hey Jeff how can i write u and share with u my story? I have had sever major open heart surgeries...
“: These 40% less fat potato chips are pretty good but they could use about 40% more fat. (via )”
No..I'll dm you who I am(: You know me. lol
Mark your calendars for Fri, May 6th! MMA returns to Milwaukee's Potawatomi Bingo Casino! NAFC "Mayhem." 4 hrs of non-stop action. Ages 21+
im hakim anew author I have a very interesting biblical book coming out late may think u will enjoy call age of the beast
Happy #MarathonMonday to all in Boston! Really wishing I was there. Stay thirsty, my friends!
Today is the beginning of the Labor Day weekend enjoy but stay prayerful!
Yep, by next chat it'll be EDT. MT : That'd be 4:00 p.m. Eastern *Daylight* Time, yes?
Discussion of Journal as community reminds me again how silly paper journals are. Best value is hampered by paper limits
Excited to hang with you ladies tonight at 's album release shin-dig! #isit5pmyet? ;)
hard day 4 me with my bullies
I wish I had more money so I could buy cuter work clothes
s/o cause cause she wanted a s/o lol go follow her thos she cute and tweet sum real shit
#FirstThingIDoInTheMorning is contemplate whether to stay home or not...
Of course I'm 3 hours early curling my hair for "Creep" Opening Night!
I love you. <3
#InstantTurnOn knowing how to seduce a woman
I'm running on 4 hours of sleep right now. And I feel like I had the best sleep of my life last night. 😳👯
great show Sunday..thanks for coming out guys!!! We got some live trax coming out soon for download
Unless you're my boyfriend/husband/<3 ... DON'T call me "baby". ICK!!! Makes my skin crawl.
Yeah, overlap is very, very good. May seem strange to attendees and some presenters. We'll find out! :)
No! “: I have hockey game at 9:45 tonight. Do I play?”
ever heard of using the same password for everything? lol
Thanks to ! RT : Just gave Youki some of the treats I got at #BlogathonATX. I think she is addicted.
is killing me! Defense keeping us in it though.
Please Please follow back :o)
lol mines the same
Hi twitter people
Twitter Follower Tip-Tons of people use Twitter, so promote your twitter URL in your email & forum signatures.
No problem! RT : Thanks for the tip Eric. Just downloaded a couple of great free apps courtesy of you.
well since its June 30th then it's summer here and you will be in New York so hopefully I'll see you:)
will meet you up this week!
Commercials b having models that already b in shape and shit
Sherlock quote of the night: "GET OUT. I need to go to my mind palace."
just caught an episode of csi: detroit, and it reminded me of you :)
Startinq to wonder why you had to ruin my future ?
I wanna get me some BJ's.
Oh God.
Soccer season is never over
nither do I :p
Hang'n with my best friend Tay.BFFs forever!!! ;)
#dublindallasplp Yeah, I'm that far behind but making rapid progress. 21st Century here I come!
Rip City vs Linsanity tonight...Blazer win?
OH! take a picture of her then!!!!
Sweet Brown >Chris Brown
good luck babe!!!!
I have an ipod touch, its the 1st gen so I can only have iOS3 on it, so most apps don't work now. :(
just wait. I still remember what they did here in 03...
Just got the Filner announcement - On Wed, June 8th at 2:30 PM, Filner will turn in papers to allow him to raise $ for 2012 Mayoral race
Excited for tomorrow. 2 #auditions 1 #fitting & a drop off among other exciting to-do's. YES!
And then you wake up
Buckle employees do everything but undress you.
Lopey? You're better than that.
its so bizarre and stupid, deleted my account the other day with no explanation and won't answer my emails
Nice. Now you have to start songwriting.
have you ever felt like when is going to happen for me.. I feel that way a lot.
aw thank you Matt. Please have an awesome day today.
are going to watch jersey shore(: ?
“There are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon #tea.” - Henry James
To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness & maintain an interest in life ~ William Londen
Past noon and I still have not tuned into any pre superbowl tv hype.
Mike Adams is out here dressed up in full pads ready to go
personal finance... :) with melisssaaa
The Time Manipulater is beyond talented in this time and space.
common vs drake beef. Who u got?
Election is already over...The entire FES is compromised and massive fraud. Vot has to be by over 10%
That's a lot for a Friday! Good luck!
Sorry, don't have one.
Love's in need of love today. Don't delay. (Fight for justice.)
6-0 ads in the 3rd, id say the are kicking some ass
Hummer and Barrett will be on Josh. Plus they have Connolly (6-11) and Darrow (6-9) on the bench that play 13 + minutes.
please follow me back
This Flogging Molly Pandora station is. AWE. SOME.
We couldn't stop laughing the entire episode :)
should text me and cheer me up. ~~~
see its this girl i like but i just cant tell her i do cuz every time im around her i freeze up man this never happen to me befor
I have the same problem.
Agreed! RT : Cranes for Japan is a great idea! is amazing!
Will be interesting to see how history treats FB in the years ahead. Plenty examples of past failure and success that could be correlated.
Awesome team outing today with my Recruiting Team. Thanks, !
Let's go Heat
save the best for last!
I love her too. She good at cuddling.
EVAN there is a kid on your mouth
I almost forgot: really big boats too.
Have an awesome birthday, Chloe! So excited for SLS12, it's almost here! :)
sounds good brother! I am now enjoying my first sips of wine after abstaining for a month (why did I do that ??!!)
Let's talk season ticket renewals.
I figured, but it was nice hearing from you!
Dead conversations<<
lol i wish hahah i wanna go to vegas an gamble an get drunk an go to stip clubs can WE PLEASE GO TO A MALE STRIPCLUB
Oh, no!! For how long?
Sad cos Claire won't text back~
Ha right. We can swing by & pick it up. We could really use it back actually.
doing awesome! Lots of exciting things are happening. How are you?
dad's taking care of it
Barnes was nothing more than 6ft8 shooter. Reminded me of Kyle Singler's game.
#thatawkwardmoment when gay guys try to flirt with you......
I don't get why the girls in horror movies stand and scream while the killer is running towards them. You wanna get stabbed, don't you?
welcome(: and aww thank you <3 :D
yes please !! Maybe 2 !!
hey every1 I am over tweet limit on :(
So much to do in a short amount of time smh
Not even a twitter tab in the browser! Look at that focus!
A smile can hide so many secrets.
Dave and Busters motherfucker
DAMN THE NIGHT IS JUST RIGHT WITH THE GUYS OF TO RUSH!
people change like the got dam weather #AintThatSomeShit!
That one person i love talking to is you..... <3
Head downtown tmrw for the last #holidatePDX of the season! Free SmartPark parking & savings at tons of local businesses: budurl.com/7548
On my way to CMH > DCA. Lookout, dc here I come!
House can be nice sometimes.
had a great meeting today! :) promo later tonight!
Hey, went through people my friends were following,added like a hundred. This morning I have about 15 new followers! Try that!
Hahah I can't laugh when I'm already freaking out. XD
guess what?!
I know you hate the cold weather so after you come to KY, we are building a mobile dome of warm weather to follow you!
#3WordsForYou Please Follow Me ?!❤
thanks so much! fever finally broke and on my way to mending :-) hope your day rocks!
yes cause everyone immediately knows what you're talking about
Happy New Year Everyone!!! Love, Peace and Joy to ALL of you!
#FF Some of my favorite Youtubers
roll with the punches
Having a cup of tea and looking at the stars on a clear, cold London night. :)
One 2012 goal -- rid parents of their 30+ year milk in coffee habit. Almost there.
I'm not looking forward to tomorrow at all. I just want to sleep in.
LIKE US on FB www.facebook.com/BeautyCallLosAngeles
Congratulations to the director, cast and production team of Divorciadas, evangélicas y vegetarianas for a very successful run!
Brandon Deaderick with the big sack.
drawing parallel to #Moneyball, Billy Beane: "People go batshit crazy when you try to change"
Soo this account need replies from and And then it will be happy and complete. :)
Down in the concourse of McMahon Stadium before the teams took the ice for the warm-up
Let's get this party started..2012 here I come!!
you just earned an "unfollow"
yes :) thanks!
First day for text reference! Try it out: 651-300-0550
Weighing seriously cleaning apartment (sorry, ) versus packing to go home versus getting ANY sleep tonight. familiar situation
Page 7 of 366 still trying to meet #1DayIWantTo meet Nick jonas!!!!!!!
my blog? you mean my uncle's kitchen? heh... yeah, you probably won't! it's hard to get some quality crawfish in boston :-)
Why do I put myself in these situations 😔
Perturbed badgers is my new favorite phrase.
guys, follow me on tumblr danceforever1993.tumblr.com i follow back.
No. I told you to take him.
That's what my grandmother always called them! :)
Why yes, world, an explosive decompression of my bike tube was JUST what I needed at 930 am. Thanks!
You make the World a better place!! CHANGE IS NOW help us help U
I like you the way you are.
new twitter handle, new name, new everything- hope you are well!
I'm so close to punching a brickwall. Learn how to treat a woman.
i dont want it to rain
So the bible tells us to expel factious men from the assmembling. What about factious churches?
Lincoln is inspiring people to take charge. They change their tag line from "Hello Future" to "You're in Charge" - Dave Wozniak
If you want to learn more about The Writers Studio, come to our free class Thursday. DM me if you're interested.
you have to check out childish gambino!!
Oops, it's tomorrow already and I just got home... Had a great time with Karen and the gang but
Be sure to checkout our friends
At Double Down in the east village. SC just ordered Ass Juice.
Well we go back and forth regularly. Until last year we had a music store in the area. We still gig so lmk
The cry of the poor is not always just, but if you don't listen to it, you will never know what justice is. -Howard Zinn
Category 5-d winner is The Big Ten Network
Uh oh madrid tied again.. Now just a 6 point lead when everyone said LaLiga was over..
you mad cause you didn't get one this time sylvia? ;)
A very belated Happy New Year from Routledge Museum Studies. 2011 looks like being a very interesting year...more soon
ight cool im hit u up
just email me
Lmao that "almost fight" at the cafeteria was
that bed belongs in the Eggo Waffles hall of fame museum next to the microphone that may have been used for other things
#BestThingAboutBeingSingle being able to up and leave town when you want!
If you're at the tweet up/happy hour, we're in the back on the right.
Don't sleep on the Chiefs. Some guy named Montana finished his career there too. Great football city.
I always thought mr.Kramer was in the hof if Forrest Greg is a part of hof then MR. Kramer should be as well how blind are people
Introducing the Wife of Bath's Tale 2 weeks early: there is a rape, and we cannot talk about the story and ignore that.
Jon Connor's new mixtape "The People's Rapper LP" is sick af
Shout out to my newest followers & Thanks for following! :3
im headed to the store to pick up some essentials for my living space.....ha i said living space everyone knows i mean my house
I actually can start wearing shorts to work now that our weather will be less fussy & more consistently warm/hot!
Am I missing something...why did about 18 spamming twitter accounts just start following me?
I don't think it was a good call....but the refs will get the Badgers back in the second half.
When you check off your ethnicity on a form do you put BITCH in the "other" section ??
...u have more followers then carly rae jepson. U should feel #special <3 #FollowMe please:)
Ok, Facebook timeline is seriously cool.
#POTUS Did an amazing job. Loved his ideas for #EducationReform #CleanEnergy #InsiderTrading. Best #SOTU. Congress must act!
Wit da high shit I shoulda waited to make this potato salad 😌
Sure'n it's Brachy O'Bama. Always figured him as Back Bay Irish!
Deliver me from writers who say the way they live doesn't matter
I was just told I was too qualified for a job and they couldn't afford to pay me the insane salary they thought i deserved
Looking for "Male R&B/Soul Singer Songwriter" for a 'TV/FILM' project. (Serious Inquiries Only, Please) email:
Laying in bed wishing I could just tell the coffee pot to work or have the cats bring me breakfast in bed
I think Carl shot Dale, not Glenn. Wish he'd shot Randall.
omg!!! I just turned my head really realy fast and i saw my ears!!
Yep! Thought I saw you walk in. Guess not!
you feel me! Gotta give em what they want haha
TGIFood! What's cooking this weekend? Rosemary & Sage Pot Roast with garlic mashed potato &lemon-garlic asparagus & Iced Tea!
Don't fail, Vote pale
I just hot glue gunned my figures together by accident.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken Buckets $1.00 off!!!!
OMG IM JUST LIKE HREIKFHGRYUEIWDFRHY3UEWJDNF! AH JUSTIN!
Follow me :)
aww naw I'ma be there before 11 i thought they close at 10
Every day an adventure. Every challenge an opportunity. Every dream a possibility.
what?? Quite late huh? Don't u have school tomorrow?
If i didnt have to do a project in 3rd i wouldnt be at school tmmrw
Lovesick Clothing loves Texas.
Hey am doing great>>>hope u are too
My Stanford email has been down all day. A huge pain.
Fluid needs a contract designer for a small project with immed. start. Must have exp w/social media/tween markets.contact:
If we all did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.Thomas Edison
Whats up. I will see you guys on SUNDAY at 6pm sharp.
So what's the verdict?
Happy Texas Independence Day! 176 years.
Quick, cut away from Dale loadin one up.
Happy International Women's Day!
I hate this stuff - and it is coming here tomorrow - never minded until trees fell in my yard twice
we need some goats to eat our plentiful weeds down here in Los Angeles. Can you help us?
I want somebody to loooooooovvvvvvveeeeee :/
omfg. Me too. He's freaking amazing<3
have you ever taken a flat stanley on a trip with you? well it looks like he may have company soon, keep your ears and eyes open.
No one believes me NO ONE BELIEVES ME have you seen a DOCTOR oh NO I've seen a MAN for NINE YEARS
Hello, thank you for your tweet. I am currently at the office. Please tweet in my absence. RT : I CAN TWEET!
I wanna go to a #Pirates Game!!
Oh, goodie!!! It's snowing again!!!
1st DCA Under Armour coaches meeting tonight !....time to get focused for another strong summer from our teams
The 11 scanners in front of me were all just quite for about 6 seconds at one time and it freaked me out -- checked that power was on!
Thanks for helping to save a life. I wish more people would rescue animals!!
did you read my note i wrote you on friday? ;)
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let it go"
Um, where did you FIND those?!?
Nice, we like to hear that.
great seeing you!
Lolls!i mean she is Her shadow . and she needs to check her self and she a punk.she aint had not one fight on baskteball wives
Flaherty should play 3B the entire time. Why not? Its already known what bill hall and Wilson Betemit can do there already.
I Love You too!
Not excited about Md. playing Northwestern in ACC / B10 challenge. You lose, it sucks. You win, who cares. Terps going to surprise.
Won't you miss Roxy?
I just paid closer attention to your twitter handle. Didn't realize you were "Dr. Barbie"! :) Congrats!
If I were not so well educated and erudite, I'd say that the UT board of regents is a bunch of copycats.
love you too...#UnleashTheFury :)
Just had class for ten minutes. Waste of time, could have slept for an extra hour.
sadly (tho not unexpectedly) internet on the ship is dire, but when I have it I check on YOU for mah updates :)
Going back to leather helmets is a better way of stopping people from leading w. their head than lame ass rules.
Hello Columbus ..Im enjoying your sun on High St.
“I’m alive! Holy s**t, what a break!”
#TwinAnchorsBBQ welcomes all families & ages. We love to see families eat some great #ribs & have a great time!
I just thought those facts were interesting lol
Heat gotta come back 4 me
Excited to see you - Find us in Bldg 1, 7th floor, Booth M04. Our ecofriendly designs are worth a look!
iphone app, Thursday
Happy Hour-Thanksgiving Edition-Wednesday, November 23rd from 10pm-2am! $5 cocktails, $6 wine, $3 beer, food specials and more! Join Us
well Amazon made it right. i COMPLAINED they responded with some work, but made me happy. Thank you, amazon.
. If you need to be happy, I'll be your smile. But anytime you need a friend, I'll just be me."
WTF SINCE WHEN WAS WTK HAVING A FREE ACOUSTIC SET AT MACYS TODAY???
Back home wif my uncle :).
: I'm just heading back to B'more. Boo.
there goes my peace.
My pleasure. has an amazing comm team.
uh we are young???? duhh!
So, did Al Gore invent the Palestinians before he invented the internet?
Happy Monday Everyone! How was your weekend?!
Is that a vinyl copy? So jealous if so.
I'm going. Check out the Holiday Inn express in Logansport, way outside city, but dirt cheap
o.O lol
Dont need a towel, we can dry off in the covers, and wen you think like it, I promise, you gonna love
Standing room only at The Future is Now session. Understandably. Good stuff!
Or Charlie Sheen?
Ideal sunday chill watch baseball and of course lift off wywh-
Wonder what parsimonious introvert would treat.:) Of course the brand name would be, like, Xiasduiervhsvera.
Kantis Simmons Dreams are for sleepers. Goals are for achievers.
I just heard the cutest sneeze omfg.
Via : Today (3/2) is Check Your Pet for Parasites Day, Employee Appreciation Day and Read Across America Day.
you are so beautiful celeste :) words just can't describe how beautiful you are :D
what was the score?
I've had terrible luck with two different radio transmitters, though they were both crappy brands. A line-in worked the best.
oh damn! lol. Whenever u get back? I know I'll be working on this paper up until Friday lol
Love the new job, made new friends, and then went to see a hysterical movie (Bridesmaids) with two of my oldest friends! Great Fri the 13th
Bruh i aint seen u since school everything good with you
Vibin while falling asleep.
Eat Pray Love -- my wife has got me hooked on chick flicks, haha.
Lakers aren't playing D again. Just FEED BYNUM DOWN LOW. And back up your statement!
Through the woods and onto Austin #MCN2010 I go!
There are also forums for many of the "allows taping" artists who have their own bit torrent trackers with unreleased music.
loool im done wit high school.
Agree. Otto has played a good 1st half
oh lord..
Im a fake Christian. Those scriptures he used has absolutley nothing to do with anything we were talking about
My split ends have split ends.
alright. I'll bring one for you then....
Go Pack Go
nah just been busy,more drama. you know how that goes. and yeah.
Joke of the day: You thinking you're better than me! Travel light!
I miss 2006
happy birthday MamaMahone!!.(: <3 we love you.(:
They put swine in the potato salad ! 
My dad promised he would take me to yogurtland today!:D yay!!!!!!
Quick lunchtime poll: second gigantic cookie - yes or no?
#JoelMcHale in blue linen suit is hotter than should be permissible, and with #CraigFerguson = wow.
What gender based violence issues are associated with being in cyber space? Share experiences
Effort goal! “: Whats 1 thing you'll accomplish today that'll take u closer 2 ur long term goals? Focus on process; not outcome.”
Did your retired uncle come over & clean out your gutters? That's one of the
Happy Birthday to my Mf'n nigga
Joined a rugby team so excited!!
Another day, another paper. Luck you.
Susan B Anthony Day! Well-behaved Quaker lesbians rarely make history.
Be sure to come to the East Nashville Farmer's Market and see Chef Laura Wilson, winner of the Iron Fork competition, as she does a demo...
It is #supercalifragalisticexpealidocious #Amazing ;) L O V E the Song!
Just turned on golf for the first time in ages. No athlete sways the casual fan quite like Tiger Woods.
Making 0 knowledge computer restore solutions takes a lot of work when U have to bludgeon UR way thru it but thanks to #CloneZilla its done!
can't believe my marathon is in 5 days. Holy rubber legs Batman!
No correct answers for the giveaway ...submit yours now!!
#ThanksGiving Gon Shake Like A$$ 2 Morrow My Granny Cookin 2 She Gone Kill Try 2 Kill A Lil Nigga I Guess Im Dead 2 Morrow.Fa'Shoooo
Same here!
Messing around with Qik still!
you weren't there and you didn't see him
Your tweets make my bad days better haha RT : RACHEL RAY KILLIN THE HUMMUS GAME ON 30 MIN MEALS RN
Its nice out here rite now but its bour to rain :(
Pretty credible H impression by #RAW already!!
Re-do: Thanks to Tammy Haddad for another wonderful #whcd brunch. Later the dinner... to see who is there to see!
Credit goes to Kristian Knutsen, who was running the feed.
Have you checked out our market lately?
why you stop following Me after you was following me, can you please follow me again because I like to maybe talk Privitely
My Aunt"But I don't wanna wear sandals!" Me"JESUS WORE SANDALS!"
All ready said an done
freshly pureed peaches... loved them!
YOU THOUGHT THAT BOB DYLAN WAS DEAD? WHAT??????????
I'm in! Thanks!
some kid got introuble today for syaing he was drunk in school
did he die? What from?
My friend got chicken pox and he barley told me T__T and there's an 90% he infected the whole school GOD help all the students at EMS T__T
Follow back please (: & by the way your so freakin beautiful <3
Get a FREE tall beverage when you buy a pound of Starbucks Tribute Blend or Starbucks VIA Tribute Blend. Runs through Sunday!
yeah on one hand i'm like it makes sense controls-wise but then on the other i'm like >:( story-wise
Figured ROH would be streaming the PPVs on their site from now on. I get a 15% discount on the price too. Sick.
Happy to have finally made it back to #MuayThai because I was in desperate need of some #kickboxing. Excited for double #JiuJitsu tonight!
well that's not fair, the lakers have always been arrogant. I wouldn't count this against OKC
oh the poor lamb!!! How did she get the cut?
So glad I had such a fantastic day!
1 hour left of work...soo excited!
Congratulations to all of the new graduates. We're so proud of you! :)
DPLA can enhance access to govdocs, regs, bill histories, standards now behind paywalls. Issue of accountability, health, safety.
- nope, Pac Div will be on tour with Mac for that leg of the tour, PUTS will be headlining the El Rey in Los Angeles.
Ladies night get down here for some free drinks, ladies!!!
Did you just have a nasty flashback, or are you actually still working with those?
If I lived in Huntsville, I'd be holding my copy of The Faces, A Nod is as Good as a Wink to a Blind Horse. Rock at it's best
Little bull says to the big bull, lets run down and fuck one of those cows down there. Big bull says no son, let's walk and fuck them all
I really hope its a class on saturday now:-)
I'll keep that in mind, and behave myself!
RT “: The Yankees and Red Sox are both 0-2 this season for the 1st time since 1980.” ---> Wow that's a stat
There are going to be plenty more runs in this game by IND and MIA. I think it could come down to the wire.
I wish gizmo was my pet
Someone wanna help us with 11 likes:)
I have a dream and I intend on it coming true
Just found my new favorite band. #Fun. Like all my favs in one, esp Floyd & Queen. AMAZING! SO INSPIRED. Im in love!! <3
showtime on demand has it
our iPad app also loads websites and is compatible with HTML5. Track us down at #MW2012 for details!
I wish we could join:(
MT : Virginia SB 627, invalidating bans on solar energy installations, is before House of Delegates. Call your delegate!
Love basicly taking a shower outside
future Bill Nye the Science Guy?
you just caused me to sin.
How would I track tab clicks as pageviews?
I'm craving froyo
": there's no such things as"friends", in this world . #RealShit ."
Effects of desertification
Tomorrow is awesome Friday not just good or better.. !!! :P.
Happy Birthday to my best friend and love of my life !
On the recording stage: Bob Sneider Trio tearing it up!!
My Generation Doesn't Knock On Doors...We Will Call Or Text To Let You Know We're Outside...
#SYTYCD was amazing last night! I loved the statue dance! which was your favorite? Read my review here dld.bz/aa6Qd
": Twenty points if you have curly hair. Curly hair is delicious." I get 20 points! Hell yeah!
And the Thunder are just pickin on Bynum. Only a matter of time before he goes Ultimate Warrior on somebody.
Doh, burned the toast. REDO!
Movies? Think like a man, jus cuz Kevin Hart in it
hey stranger! Glad (and surprised!) to see you on here, thanks for following :-)
Hoping I get a shot to play opposite Rosario Dawson and Michael Peña.
I do diet coke too. Zomg like totally... so cool!
July 5th. Expect me to be camping out in front of the Harley Davidson stage all freaking day long waiting for Death Cab.
Congrats to the Grad students for winning the President's Cup! Come out to Beerball next Friday when we celebrate, woohoo!
PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!!
You make me feel so... Thats the thing #idk but I like it :)
Those who speak most of illness have illness, those who speak most of prosperity have it..etc..
Positive energy keep you moving !
ok, I'll check it out then!! :)
happy b-day #broski. How old r u 100? 85? 72? Just kidding.
...that is a pretty awesome picture sir. Thank you. :-) ...better that I could do...
#69-John Abraham-DE-Atlanta Falcons
Black people sitting behind me.. They are so funny lolol i want to be in their group..
Old phone wouldn't hold a charge. Got an iPhone and it ROCKS!!!!
What about that French girl from Pan Am for Valentine? Sexy but warm, oui?
You need to schedule a field trip!
Happy Friday, friends! Hope you enjoy this beautiful weekend!
i mean of your animals !!
Clearly the difference in the Knick Heat game was the absence of Jeremy Lin.
wasn't goodnight moon a quote from a kids book....its bringing back memories... lol
Hey I want to win a pair of VIP tickets to William Shatner
Run for cover. Here comes trouble. Aves Men's Voleyball
BREAKINGNEWS----Petrino to coach Saints, beginning Monday
argggg. I meant = ( on the #cbmore front...
yep obsessed
Your not a decent person. You #bully people on Twitter every day. Your an adult, act like one for once.
How come everyday before I workout I have to take a shit?! -__-
thanks. Yea Fran is not a friend
beauty doesnt always feel beautiful
America! Eat less and exercise. Call me crazy.
it will be great! The band is really good :-) thx for the RT
I give up on this shhh. F### this.
SB45 Biz Lesson # 14: Add Value. Third down conversions matter at moving the ball.
Looking forward to seeing my Spurs beat these suckas tonight tho.
The Scary Truth About Solariums You really should avoid them
I'm calling my "mom" Jacki from now on ..
Are eyebrows considered facial hair?
RT : I had like 7 internships during my matriculation (BOL-I hate that word) and I'd say 3 of them were unpaid.
genius, really.
so true, so true.
Dude i would but they dont have any pure orange ones lmfao. I want mine already. He mite bring em to iona game tomm
what r u doing twittering. Does you boy toy know about this?
RT : Join us for Lunch today 1/2 sandwich/1/2 salad special $7.99. Need a ride? Free Golf cart riders just...
Would you help us with kickstarter if we did one for our full length.
I've already happily eaten my burrito about an hour ago. I'll be eating my other one later tonight. Thanks for thinking of me
River Monsters.
I have now entered the last week of my 20s.
#99ers were around long b4 99% movement, long term #unemployed have not seen 1 rally 4 them with #OWS its a major issue
like guest vocals?
#FF Some great #fitness brands on Twitter: , , and
Happy mothers day<33
In the MSP airport for 2 hours before i board. downing double shot bloodys now. liquid breakfast, CNN, and xmas music- good morning, me
Its cold as hell outside
First fully-vegan meal was a success. I am a chef.
We're currently designing the back of the Delicious Licks packaging. Very fun!
This Friday feels like Wis days; the year is 1998, my parents won't extend my curfew.. and so I can't party with the cool kids.
Shooting pics with the girls of HTSP BASEBALL today... check the site soon, hottubsleeperpicks.com
I think I'm gonna log off. It's been real.
That Awkward Moment when a GPS tells a gay person to go straight.
Collaboration is key. Theme of Interdisciplinary Sci event
At last minute Mark Doty edges out as best #ala11 speaker, proclaiming "heaviness that is no burden to itself"
that would be an accurate description
I wanna come too!
Food by Chef Jake Brenchley and 1/2 price martinis, all evening at the Scholars Inn. Enough said. Plz rt
welcome to the club.
.RT : what is the most common mistake people make in their initial interview?
we have to expect some games like this during the condensed schedule.
ps you need to watch the Chicago Fire trailer like NOW! Hot Uncle Mason + Firetrucks + shirtless-ness = new favorite show!
Today is National High Five Day. My outlook for the day has immediately improved.
Humming* Need a man with slow hands and a muzzle on his fast mouth
I. Am drunk and.stoned! :)
It's not nice to make me snort water out my nose! Now THAT was funny
I think I am most inspired by those pictures of people with quotes next to their faces as they appears, momentarily, on my Facebook feed.
Feels good debating sports early in the AM with people.
talk about a final discount clearance sale!
Lucky to have family I consider to be friends, but truly blessed to have friends I consider family!
OMG. YOU GOT SOME FIESTY TOE NAILS.
Happy birthday !
for a second I thought that said do Mo Mo, it worried me.
Thanks for the RT! I was awfully excited about my story, my goodness!
Can't wait for it to be fall. I'm just gonna hibernate until August.
MT & - Newt onstage with State Sen. Jake Knotts, who called Obama and SC governor Nikki Haley "rag heads"
watching on ustream (:
Yea that would be the smart course of action
I think you'd love Hong Kong.
14-3! Dude, I not only want to shake your hand in person, I want a double tap bro-hug, high 5, fist pound & chest bump! Cantwait!
Hope your Benne Wafer cookies can make it all the way to NYC!
What's so humane about "humane killed" animals?! They are still being killed! I can't believe humanity, we are disgusting!
If I would have gotten a personal tour like Roxie did, I would know how close you work! :P
someone come feed me!!!!!!
: Agreed. They screwed JL over royally. But don't withdraw your support for Jerry's Kids because of MDA's ignorance and ingratitude.
It's so cold in the D
hahaha I don't have a Klout, silly!
I think all of the finalists on #thevoice are talented, but I'm rooting for to win!
#persistence: [resource | identifier | metainfo ] that outlives the business case that created it
When the Broncos win, contact www.QuickGymCS.com for a one-time FREE week at Quick Gym!! Do the workout the Broncos & Chicago Bears do!
Anything involving rednecks >
We make fun of ourselves too much so I thought it was funny to see it turned around on the bands for once. haha
Training with Adam Paul Green on Xocai and social media!
While there are many benefits to working at non profits there can be many challenges -- like funding!
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Abby Moss for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
That could help.
party rock <333
Heading on with at 11:20pm live from MSG on and to talk some #Caps as the season has come to an end
hell yeah I love that place! Which one da one on 15th?
Here's hoping for Romo rib shots all night long! Go Skins!
it's friday friday gotta get down on fridaay everybodys lookin forward to the weekend weekend friday friday
Best Leaders = Create opportunities for your team members and then support them to be successful in those challenges!
I just recently got this cupcake obsession. M.. Having a cupcake shop sounds like fun.
Aww man! I missed Middlebrooks' first major league hit :(
Isn't it nice to know that the lining is silver? Isn't it nice to know that we're golden?
Whoever has parking spot #2, thanks for loaning it to me this morning
you playing a church?
I read everything you write and pass it along. Mozilla aka Firefox is on board with stop
Happy St. Patricks day!! All decked out in green today!! :)
To many parents burying there children. RIPMSHOUSTON
Join us at Hollywood Alley on Nov. 22 for our show with The Broken Spoke from Colorado, get your pre Turkey Day drink on!
Schiraldi: "Widespread abuse and neglect foisted on kids in JJ system in loco parentis." Systematic failure to protect.
RT : HUNGER IS UNACCEPTABLE! Everytime you shop with us... we donate to feed a child a day @ hunger to hope! Lets care...
Final #40U40 photo of the day was with fresh A good smell for the end of the day!
Matt Smith>Life
oh stop that
RT #ows "Do you like the new park? It smells like Clorox and broken constitutional amendments."--female protester on UStream
Those moments when your laughing so hard no noise comes out of your mouth!(:
(1/3) With cards, these companies help their employees and customers support the causes they believe in this holiday season...
Im just going to go to the homes of everyone I call in a day and fuck their shit up. #bambitch #happynow?
coca cola from McDonald's is Better
... WHICH makes for a fabulous weekend for sports. Can't wait!
im going to call you tomorrow/friday
Nixon's biggest political contribution was the enemies list. A true gift to the world.
Current goal: learn to make homemade sushi. Anybody try their hand at it?
we will be accepting applications in LA, soonest, early in 2014. Stay in touch!
What do you think of the WR pay BS Finley says he's going to pull if franchised? RT : I fully expect Finley to be Franchised.
I'm now convinced we really should crowdsource our unidentified/underidentified photographs on flickr. plenary
I thought for sure you'd seen that movie because I spent the first 30 minutes wondering what he was from.
Even better! RT : Fired from a failed girl group, no less...
Really? Lol. 'Cause I got a lot of cake, chocolate bars, & sad romantic movies we can can watch together? ^-^
Couldn't sleep! You?
accepting headshots and reels for speaking roles & extras for directed by
Ha! Hilarious! RT: TONIGHT: The 7,000 Kennedy Space Center layoffs triggered 7,000 more lost jobs in the community.
My girlfriend is prettier than you. (:
2 days into watching my 6-yr-old niece and I am surprised and saddened to report that fart jokes DO get old.
This is needed in advance: a gigantic thank you for all of the advice!
Needa download like 6 more mixtapes 5 of them are and the other one is hah! night
RT : We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
Look at the interviewer, and not at the cameras. It will be easier to keep your composure if you aren’t worrying about what's around you.
blue. c:
you back in the city
Stuck at home, sick.. hm I'll start planning my Xmas list.ohhokaay..Let's see, I'd like an opera membership and to get healthier. the end.
Had a GREAT time at Livewires last night. The place is awesome and Wally Sr. made us feel very welcome.
how? O.o
#IWantYouTo shut up, hit the blunt twice and pass it.
that's great, doesn't everyone love me? Hahah love you too
bless up
nope ran away
it so is!!! Yum
many Africans have given up hope that the foreign media can ever be balanced in its coverage -Chalene Hunter-Gault New News out of Africa
#nyy #yankees I have been waiting Teixeira to lay down a bunt vs shift since 2010 ! His stubbornous is not only hurting himself but the TEAM
I have low expectations.
Hilarious photo!
Such a busy couple of days ahead! Lets get to it!
I'm watching now on teennick! It's in all the time, haha (:
They keep this up and their next dance will be the "the Shag"
RT : Sniff. After 15+ yrs, I'm leaving for Dell's health care group. Here til 9/7. Follow me and stay in touch!
This 16hr shift is about to kick my ass
Michel was most recently the Execuitve Director of the Boone County Learning Network. Welcome to the team, Michele!
": lol. Not all of them crazy...at least not this one."Hm. Well I guess we could be cool
Time to hit the gym before my classes start. BRB.
A hungry dog hunts best. A hungrier dog hunts even better. - Norman Ralph Augustine
Cooking local ingredients is such an amazing way to experience the culture in a healthy way. Chicken with fresh tomatoes,
Kickin off the 4th Annual Stuff-A-Bus live from Arlington Heights this afternoon on ! Swing by & help families in need this Xmas!
#thoughtsduringschool when is our next late start?
Wish there was a way to hide celebrities on the who to follow page. Nothing against celebrities, I just don't want it to get to their head.
Makes me think of the "Grape Ape" events in the early 90's here in LA. Any Angeleno's remember them? #90'slife
Just so everyone knows, roasted chestnuts are incredibly gross
Really not trying to go to work today -.-
I just want to feel pretty...just for one night. :(
Anybody see the Google Knowledge Graph yet in search results?
Incredible! Now you just need freeze dried pickles and you're set for a space vacation!
Have a good day everyone! Gonna be up to 70 today.... Whats everyones plans!?!?
guess who's going to hell according to my lit class: Emily Dickinson. guess where I want to tell them to go: to meet her.
ha ha only three followers. New to Twitter.
so pretty much.... Duck as audience, duck as silent witness to our decay, duck as hilarious prop! I like it.
If it's in a reusable container, then yes. If not, then the WHOLE box of donuts.
well I just wasn't wanting to make the guys jealous. It's really you and John that I am driving down there to see.
Glad you remembered! RT : Off to New Orleans for RDAP! Almost forgot the poster - this is a note to myself to not leave on plane!!
welcome anytime!
oh okay thats what I thought but yanno I wasnt sure
i got my grandmother watching football lol
If you fail, check maybe you shoot the wrong target? :-)
As a #Jets fan it'd be, from first to five, #Patriots #NYGiants #Dolphins #Ravens #Bills I wanted to add the Steelers but meh
happy belated! Hope Friday was fab. Look forward 2 seeing u guys soon!
Thanks for the inspiration
Sick and sick of being sick 👎 #someonetextme 😊
South La. Teams in title games: CLA, White Castle, Riverside, John Curtis, St Aug, McKinley and Scotlandville! Not bad & Peabody from CENLA
Botanical Garderns, It was only h'orderves and it was all delicious and everything was first class as usual, great job!!!
I wish I could just find 300 dollars for a one direction concert ticket
HEY! juss letting you know you have THE MOST AMAZING FANS. That is all.=)
Mischief Managed.
Taking Houston by storm 2nite with my man!
#ConfessionTime I just drank a smoothie & it was good
Is it possible?A meeting of educators who have vowed not to use the word "parent" in order to keep the child as their main focus?!?!
Too amazing. Who are you listening to now?
yes! Monday, I promise.
I have a fever and headache don't bother me.
now begins the new moment
The original had one, but I dropped it to get the characters to fit.
Yes, please vote for us. We are most Awesomest!
I'm too bashful and it's not okay right now. :(
Instagram filters: making people appear to be sexier than they really are since 2010...
I could not stop hysterically laughing long enough to talk to the guy
<3 bring yours to India with you!
Next up for SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST is the Bronx Week Film Festival, Saturday, May 12th at 8:30 pm. More fests to come, then DVD!
Thank you!
Just saw your movie, loved it. My 5 year old daughter loves you. When are you coming to sunny San Diego?
i swear, mondays were created to discipline us over what we did during the weekend.
Watching hsn, it's like shopping for my eyes
Admiral's Club to first class back from NYC to LAX. Cant wait to get back but miss my friends!
RT : The Hype Hotel line is already growing. Also the Hype Hotel already smells like weird Dorito tacos.
Missing celebrating my peeps being honored at #LADCC reception. Proud of you all!
phew. I'm leaving for Afghanistan for six months so selfishly, I'm glad I won't miss out.
Yaaay! Date night 😊
Email our Support Dept () w/the migration request. Due to current issue there will be delay in response
Andrew Bird: Time flies when you're having the time of your life. Who was the best artist you saw this weekend? RT w/ your ans ...
haha yeah right
Sure... like, the post is the axis in which the offense runs around. So, that's "post oriented," right? ;)
Im dosn off on da mid sentence outta our conversation
"Racism is still alive, it's just cloaked in white collar crime," man on how the amer dream turned into the amer nightmare.
My prayers go out to Demi Lovato. I know exactly how shes feeling & dealing with it is complicated. Stay strong Demi. Your fans love you! =)
75% off ProWhite Home Teeth Whitening KitKit contents (8 syringes 3ml. with tips in mint flavor)
Send me the deets!
RT : Don't give up yet - if you get stuck, you can always call the service desk or text a librarian:...
Calling ur work on blocked # is my 2nd greatest annoyance passion... harassing via her facebook wall remains
Looking for experienced film producers, film critics, and film fans to be judges this year. DM us.
Had forgotten about Twitter when I switched phones...gotta get Twitterberry back on it.
#AFS11 -- It was great seeing folks at AFS11. I look forward to following you on twitter, The meeting was my first real twitter immersion.
i concur...Javier can't seem to get a break!
You've lost your sparkle
well thank you. It was made especially for me
Buck Funting, also coaching the Cubs.
happy birthday
"infamous"? I think not!
I smell the steak cooking at ALC. m. I love meat.
The #Oregon #Ducks now have 26 Super Bowl rings, with NYG's joining the club tonight.
i wish i could drive. everything would so much simpler.
Twitter worthy quote sent 2 me by a client: "Following a plan is good for progress, but opportunity usually exists off the plan." She got it
come hang out with me!
Not sure what to do next? "Be sure it's something you want to still be doing and talking about in 5 years!" - Glynnis Whitwer
I'm an Orioles die hard, born and raised in Baltimore..The guy is an embarrassment.
#ff the clean green experts
April showers bring may flowers. What do may flowers bring?
#iPhoneApp - Check out Actsophia on iTunes or on the App Store. 30+ features to help your acting career. Try the Free version now!
Living Good
Not only was Chris Brown not singing, he was singing over a syth track.. So he's was pretending to sing a song that he pretended to sing.
The Ducks lived up to their uniforms tonight! Rose Bowl Champs! Nice work, fellas!
Everybody needs to follow right this instant.
That's what it sounded like yesterday. You were battling it! Get well. RT Got laryngitis. Not good for my line of work.
“: Admit it, You once made a little kid cry and then made them laugh so you wouldn't get in trouble.”
Excellent - watching my guy racing today. How's your weekend?
hockey at 950, you guys coming?
So now err body wanna be #OTF #3Hunna stay in yall lane
As we approach 200 followers the timeline is starting to smell like dude but thats ok because STILL
Congrats! Oklahoma is very proud of you!!
Hey! Thanks for the follow! I'm loving your music!!! =) I'm doing great! How are you??
was awesome chillin dude!!
Thanks for the follow ! Hope you'll consider following & too. Hope to make it to your fine city soon.
This bitch driving like we inna fuckin school zone
yea u hve a nice ass
GIRL it's funny because you can picture my dumb butt doing it!!! LOL I miss you!!!! <3
Gotta love the classic movies- "boys N' the hood"
you aren't gonna watch it I presume? Wouldn't wanna be a spoiler...
sounds like you're doing better than me
that shall be my hash tag for any tweets about running this season
cant be all about just me anymore its me and him and i cant be selfish anymore either.
Tonight Club Isis 1010 Prairie St Houston Tx 77034 | NO COVER ALL NIGHT LONG | MORE INFO 281.860.2877
IE suddenly decides to not show my audio tags. This is driving me to drink.
No ain't no way we clicking' up if you wasn't wit me when I was broke, & if we was cool & you fucked that up, we'll never be cool no mo..
The Church of the Advent, Boston choir performed Taverner, Philips and Parsons tonight. Listening was like floating on a raft in paradise.
All Busta Rhymes songs sound like "dkfjaljfadkjfasdkjfaldjfadkjfdkfjakdfjadkfjdlfjfkljaldfjlajdfakldfjljadlkfajdl...I GO HAM!!!!!"
Enjoy the great weather one more day. We're in store for a change and maybe even a little drizzle...
Wall to wall today in pushing through post and reaching out to distributors. Feel like we're back in full production mode again!
Divine intervention. God pretty much told me so.
no, neither one has a realistic shot of getting an out there. Simple as that. It's a Conrad v. Wolf AB.
Eau Claire WI just got a #Grammys shout out! Yes Bon Iver!
why i have to be gay your so hurtful! lmao
done and
#alamw12 come join us in San Antonio A at the Sheraton at 10:30am today to hear about emerging technology residencies!
I don't know how or why I put up with your shit for so long.
A cardinal nest has four layers, and takes six days to build. Amazing!
you're not a loser,they're all just jealous(;
Fuck Twitter When On The Phone With Her Lol
i'm not that bad. Jajajaja
Working with Bellingham Bulldogs with eXfuze. Athletes see such great benefits! Reduces joint pain, recovery time and clearer mental focus
I was just sayin Hi! Coming out tonight?
Diamonds really are my best friend.
The hardest part of friendship is figuring out who you can trust, who wont hurt you and who is just using you.
Today is the big day for ! Grand opening starts at 1:00 PM at ! #goToThisFoodCart!
no, have no info on that, but curious
Birthday Party is next month 06.16.2012 and I have a BIG announcement I want to share...if you in the Chi
sounds more exciting that way
I just want to kiss you. That's all I really wanna do.
Thanks! Glamorous life of a librarian!
Thanks! I noticed that right away! Great name ;) Loved your story too. Have you started your new job yet? Congrats!
Cincy was great! We met awesome people, laughed our butts off (thanks!), & listened to some great music! How about your weekend?
So when the courts ordered anabuse, that changed the addiction to PILLS! That killed my sister ,legally! Think about it!!!!
omg im scared!!
Did i mention it's VIP? well, it is. :)
are you at the awards? I hope Lyndsey wins :-)!
lots of stuff; less PC resources to run, uses more GPU, new camera raw 7, Wide Angle Lens Correction to fix distortion....
4 out of 7? Sounds like they got fired from the Post Office for being too efficient.
she is getting her surgery today !
Are you a model that would like to contribute to the #youngsocialite team? Let us know!!!
Save the Date! #RFT Cocktails for a Cause is in Red on October 20 from 6-pm. $10 donation benefits the Alzheimer's Association!
Can I borrow some laundry detergent?
Why thank u we try
paella bar! Enjoying wine and tapas! Definitely a place to enjoy good Spanish food.
nothing specifically aimed at child actors, though the subject has come up multiple times and we've discussed it.
Why am I still partying
Not gonna get my hopes up.
Great to see Ralph Kiner read the #Mets lineup. Somewhere, Lindsay Nelson and Bob Murphy are smiling.
You making beats now nigga?
Long two days coming up...goodnight 💤
And hell, the 5000-series cars are too new to just throw on the Blue Line now! CTA needs to wait for that move a little longer!
Why is buying a car so fkn hard?!?!???
"How old is your baby?" "36 months." WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD?!"
#greys yep. William Daniels/Mr Feeny was Dr Mark Craig on St Elsewhere
hopefully I'll like it! I just want to do email, FB, & watch movies. Haha.
If i didnt have my retainer on i would of said more than i did >:l
Eating sausage cheese balls for appetizers at the cabin (; yummy! Then pizzapizzapizza for dinner! Yay!
tailgate, tailgate...yay!!!
IM JUST THE COOL BLACK GUY
son lives in Ind. do you like to help people connect here bree www.sendittomeokay.com
Just a few more hours until #MatchDay2012! Looking forward to all the excitement from you fourth-years out there.
Thanks Karchiri! He's just getting started... :)
Ya welcome. ;)
Does that Sweet Genius guy freak the heck out of anyone else besides me?
soo...that means nothing
My Paradise City is Captiva, Florida!
Raw vs SmackDown!!! Go
I see you chicks checking out your own asses in the mirror at the gym.
After a rigorous application process, I have been accepted into #BrickSquad with
startd the party early with these cubanz n mexicanz! Lmao none of us speak the same language :)
what the hell just happened.
Finally home. Pajamas. Now in the bed relaxing :) My Friday was a good one, how about yours?
damn u Jordan u always make me do all the work!!
That thing where you're sitting in a hipster coffee shop and they ignore Pandora until it morphs into a Rihanna machine
Topshop Launch Their First Australian Store Topshop has become a British High-Street institution and it has become so famous and popular
The moment when you turn into a ninja when your phone wrongs in another room
#np What About Love -Heart
One game, One Quarter, One Round to a Title
Thanks so much for the shoutout!
I'm going to pull an all-nighter for tits and nipples. Anyone care to join?.
love it!
Thank you for staying even if you had every reason to leave. Thank you for making it easier when life gets hard.
They aren't suppose to say.
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. Roy Croft.
I wish they'd board my plane. Bet they have to wake me up when I get to Albuquerque!!
Looking forward to bath, Indian leftovers, and Dostoevsky
off to the #getradical conference. Revolutionary women abound!
When I turn to look at you & your already looking >>>
saw your website- looks great!Was wondering if we could talk about our respective businesses and maybe setting up a linkback?
if I ever get there, I will! Thank you! Njoy ur weekend
I love it when my brother randomly comes home :))
I felt every word.
green light!!
Hahaha, my read too #greatminds RT : I think it's I dont like talking to you on the weekends.
Don't bother looking at any sports news today. It's all depressing.
and with this economy even more. Everybody triple hustling
my sister is so gullible ;p
Maybe it could be called, "you don't need to add a tutorial to your game because that's what it is already."
yeah!!!im okay with that...lol
Bama Rivals folks notorious for doing that.
Thanks for following me! See you soon girlfriend;-)
I just had some as well - it is the perfect day for tomato soup.
agreed. I hope its on wwe network when that comes out
I'M SO BLESSED TO HAVE MY 2 BEST FRIENDS!!
Precious is more believable 2 me than Isabel, but I like Isabel as vehicle for McCall Smith's musings on the ethics of daily life.
Who played the homeless guy on tonight's episode?
love u
Yipee! RT : Closet cleaning today, bag for charity, 1 for & 1 for but no one gets the costumes.
Hi Everyone Its Awsome To Be A Fan Of Bella Thorne She Awsome !
Theres tumblr couples and people asking for a tumblr boyfriend/girlfriend. We should do that for twitter. Starting now! Twitter boyfriend?
I'm on the paper trail it ain't no telling where it took me yeah and I ain't a killer but dont push me!
Sitting on concrete at the bus stop. My bum is cold.
What you mean I was been put on this lol
If I had a laptop,everything would be cool.
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!!! ;) #follow?
Tippo has been caught, by Lee hunter of all small household moving creatures.Lol
Friday is so far a way ;(
thanks for the RT
have u ever seen Chiwinnies dogs
No its a difference between not liking somebody & wanting to fight. If you don't get along with my bestfriend then oh well.
thank you!! <333 and its at dots :)
It's Tues and we're set for another crowd run on Burgers!
YAY DAVE! so excited for you! AH! I CAN'T BELIEVE IT! I AM NOMINATED FOR A GRAMMY!!! HOLY FREAKING COW!
The walking with dinosaurs bit is fucking gold! This special has just proven why it pre-empted 24.
RT : Mrs Garretts hair should be in the Smithsonian.
My little sister said I was her best friend.
I can't freaking wait 4 Raw tomorrow night!!! xD
well than i shall plan around your schedule my dear :) be in touch soon!
It's going down this friday night ladies free all night da only after hours spot behind Beamers hosted by ladies get here leggo
Hopefully #COLTS will stand for Count On Luck This Sunday. We'll miss you Peyton Manning. Welcome Andrew Luck.
Work on a script or live tweet the #SuperBowl ? This shouldn't be a hard decision.
Hi I'm Yanelis And I HATE When People Mess Up My Name !! Oh And I'm A Ninja !!! You Mad Yet ?? :P...Idk Why I Did That ! =)
I liked the way you carefully extracted that corn-filled dingleberry when u got to your bunghole
I've done it with just a pile of books. ;)
are you going?
Thanks for the #FF. Happy brewing!
Ok. At 1:00 a.m. an ice cream truck was driving around our block!!
Travis McCoy > T. Mills
She definatly made me miss running I should have ran track in college *shrugs 1 yr left*
Adios to our awesome coordinator. PDX/PSU/5th Ave will miss you! In 2 weeks come see her final film pick--'Ichi the Killer.'
4.2.8 has been released. Active class is now added to the active image AND the parent LI element.
Andy Oliver just got optioned to A. 5th starter? I like Smyly
yes we that's a deal!!!!
In this nation, leadership is dollars. - Norman Lear
Happy Friday!! Enjoy the weekend with your kids :)
thank you!
#thisyear is going to be incredibly long, emotionally stressful, and plagued with jokes about coffins.
an unexpected lunch
It feels that the entire #Dowager wardrobe is following me...
Thanks for the RT. I hope you are having a good eve.
Happy Valentine's Day! We had heart-shaped mini muffins for breakfast, and just baked cherry cheesecake cupcakes to share with neighbors.
I've always knew some #blackjack dealers hated their jobs. Never had one flat-out say as much to me before! <-- tag! Yeah, sorry...
After 5PM, it is acceptable to play Slayer loudly at work.
and that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness
Yeah, parking is ridiculous, but I live in the city so I can walk or hop a bus. So I have no excuse.
It's fun to pull someone's leg... but don't ever pull their finger.
What's wrong with the prospect of "literary" video games? I want to play an RPG version of some fiction classics.
I wish I could cheer you up. :/ I hate seeing close people sad :(
I've recently discovered that 's Strawberry Lemonade is quite good, after all. Solution? Add MORE leaves and less water. =P
is it just me or does taking a picture of yourself with an ipad in the mirror make you look like a douchebag ahaha
#ConfessionTime I have never had the liberty to pursue a quality interpersonal/romantic relationship with another guy.
Oh I won't be straining myself much that is for sure.
this doesnt really surprise me
The weekend is here and I am loving it!
:) U didn't answer my question
RT : rt Top10 stupid Twitter tricks. Follow noone, accept no follows, and tweet to yourself.
Must go see ! They're going to be so close!
whats up with people who have no idea what the possibilities are telling/arguing/fighting that there aren't any?
Worked out last night. Stairs hurt today. I'd call that a success.
Yow, glad ur OK. MT : Helmet didn't prevent driver from hitting me; it did prevent my brain from coating H St. like grape jelly
bubbaz bar and grill!
I just admitted to that every time some queer says "abundance" I think to myself "there's no fucking abundance."
Whats with all these exams?!
Busy and productive! Awesome!
Currently using spell check on a list of books where about 1/3 of the titles are in Spanish. I don't speak Spanish. Neither does Excel.
Soluri: engineers of todays suborbital industry are largely in their 20s and 30s, just as in Apollo
“ ever notcie the niggas that use to didnt F*ck w/ you be the first ones saying they f*ck w/ you ?”
my oldest toms are the only ones wothout a whole in them
Can't believe the news about Steve Jobs. Thank you for everything you've brought to our lives. RIP.
sounds good to me. If TVs aren't good then we can eat and then go to a sports bar. Game @ 9:00
Cake for breakfast. Six days in a row.
Congrats to the graduates! Enjoy your last day of class :)
Ya..so both my livers are probably full of lokos, vodka, and high gravity. And my lungs of wicked Dank
Morning everyone!! 👋
Red hair
Question is--are you brave enough to stand stark naked in the middle of heavy traffic to broadcast your message? Carry on.
I might pull a whole marathon this weekend to watch MLP:FIM. :)
maybe. email me
I'm starting to hate working here more and more each passing day
I love your face too. :D
Monster: Where do fleas go in winter? Werewolf: Search me!
“: Suck me after sex so I know you hella nasty ;)” b4 and after so i know you really really nasty! its a must
At the ed Sheeran/snow patrol concert!
good people have harder challenges which helps us grow
I'm so mad I couldn't make the game!! :(
Guess I was wrong about UK. Darn, was really hoping they would go down.
Jump into an adult fitness class at 6:30pm tonight!
I used to pick those all the time when I was little. I'd do that on adventures with my cousins.
We lose but we still booze!
naw I'm a good girl I swear lol
Old guy with a mullet
He isn't distracted by the Diet Coke?
Finishing up website upgrade for 1 of our nonprofits - Inner City Players. That's 30 nonprofit websites donated to date!
Ha! That's exactly what I've been thinking!
Thanks to all the new #RBB followers. the film will be available for rent in #December. Please let us know your thoughts
Off to Appleton to get new glasses today since I have to wear them for the next week. Making my sister drive.:)
#SAYSOMETHING CAUSE YOUR DRIVING ME CRAZY!:D<33333333
have some B vitamins, a good breakfast, and lots of water, you'll be fine :)
Jazz looked like they were already on summer vacation.
Oregon for sure. Chip Kelly's practices clinch it.
Interactive teambuilding programs help accomplish the goals set up in the beginning
how about you retweet my stuff and i retweet yours!!!!
I bet there's beer in the clubhouse tomorrow.
OMG so so so sorry i don't mean it, ah
good morning. And you def apply it!
Everyone else is watching Bobcats-Pacers on nbatv right now too, right?
iight im done tweeting about he's making the quality of my quotes go down. it was fun while it lasted
": I then been through so much relationship heartache , so excuse me if I have trouble letting my guard down ."
Tonight is Pub Quiz, don't miss it! Sign up starts at 6:30.
P&G, #Olympics TOP partner, will give $1000 VISA gift card to each Mom of 800 Olympians to offset travel to #London. #thankyoumom campaign
I watched cabin the in woods a couple weeks ago and I was so confused it wasn't funny!! I hated that movie, nuff said! :-)
Good nite, sweet dreams everybody
Thank you for all you do.
yeah i replied. how u a slut if that was yo man smh
that hoe so hit...
hey(: *lip bite* rack city bitch(:
Fox's Dream of the Log Flume is phenomenal.
Tiger still has it
HA! I was terrified of Chuck E.! After last night, I would say that was pretty justified
A #FrozenStrawberryLemonade Sounds SO Good Right Now :P
What is God teaching/showing u on your Christmas Break?
Octavia Spencer, I want to be your BFF.
One day when the sky is falling I'll be standing right next to you.❤
Seeking Austin-area parking with access to 120V plug for 27LX8WX11H in exchange for video security
I may run out of gas on 375! Downfall of living downtown. Events happening all the time, I knew I should have filled up in Redford!
Rice is born in water and must die in wine.
your pancakes are awesome! you should try #lowes for good music
Let's get a big win tonight celtics! Time for the big 3 to play like the big 3!
Is xx still cool if they are played at a Boston Market?
I've very different movie tastes from my friends so end up seeing certain ones alone. Wear a scarf & pretend you're a spy ;)
Overkill. Great Band. Have seen them several times.
That was wisdom I learned from you at Wesleyan Writers Conference, one of the most important pieces of advice I took home.
new year resolution: tweet more!
Teachers at Avon HS would like to help the Henryville teachers with school supplies & donations. How can we help?
Carlos Asked My Aunt Out On A Date(;
saw a commerical for the Dairy Queen birthday cake icecream&automatically thought of (;
Good Morning! Have a wonderful Monday!
A was the Queen for the K play today. Class did RolyPoly experiments, crafts and photos. It was Grandparents' Day.
I love you brian lopez
The Google logo is so freakin cute today!!!
Yes. On August 23rd.
Can i have a shout out to RayRay? I Love You:)
Hey everyone! Remember, today is Monday and Salute has 50% off all wine bottles! Delicious contemporary italian food and great atmosphere!
The San Pedro Library has a GREAT book sale the 1st Saturday of the month. Got LIFE INTERRUPTED by Spaulding Gray,THE WATCHMEN & more;-)
we welcome putt putt girls to the fan club
he's an 8yr old Maine coon. He & his brother, Milkshakes, have made me quite the 'cat guy' haha
Loving someone is not easy but he'll I did it anyways I been there so really anit tripping about anything
Chillin here at the studio makin Hits!! whats goodie with you bro?
Government @ Our Finger Tips™ #Axiomity Inc ®
#edtechnyc : We don't do 'sales'; word-of-mouth helps us scale.
I was perfectly fine with just going with my dad, but NO my brother wanted to tag along.
good ideas...
Money Call is a anthem as well as the remix!!
Power red :) Thx for the feedback. We still have some tweaks, the colors are fairly set but I'll share with our design team.
SAM put on a party! Thanks to a fun night!
Join us for lunch @ One Up Elevated Lounge!!!
a skinny guy with a 6-pack is like a fat chick with tits. It doesn't count.
