Happiness isn't enough, I demand Euphoria
Question for Sundance folk, what was the general issue with the finale of RED LIGHTS? Because I really liked it.
I like lots of things. I promise. Just not sitting there listening to names for four hours while hungover.
So true! RT : Staying hydrated via water and moisturizer is so crucial in the winter
MAHOMIES! At 5:30pm EST, help the #OhioMahomies out & tweet "Ohio wants Mahone"! We really want to see it!(:
No Show Today? Streaming Cowherd on 710...
trying my best, but feeling the pressure of it all. Just have to remember: 'there is no spoon'
Ready for some tonight
RT One Direction on #SNL tonight. TAPPING!!!!
OMG! POTUS saw a play about community organizing & was on panel after! & HE was a community organizer!
whole thing's tumblin' down
Who is Oscar anyway i no what happend and all but like whats his twiter name
“ As a #Taurus you would rather fight to stay then to give up and walk away.”
nothin just chillin and next saturday is my birthday :)
If you live in Boise or Spokane, go see and Alexis Smith later this month!
Xavier and South Florida just made my day!!
Tomorrow is it!! #SpeakingOfFebruary4th, New Hazlett Theater, 8pm. You better be there!
I cant even describe the feeling i get when i look into her eyes adsnfdsjfsjkfswjdwnwdfowfwnqfnq
cant forget lol "i fucks wit you"
Eating spaghetti-o's at work
Haha a little late!:] Thanks and its okay!:]
Well how am I supposed to know all that? :) Hi Kanye!
Sounds like a "Hernandez Open" in your future :)
I love messing with my mom <3
A member of the family is starting a wonderful project in #Detroit! If you love #Detroit and/or Art follow to learn more!
yeah I saw Justin get his new car he looked do in shock and I wish I could be that girl but not in a box
I'd like to hear more about capabilities, specifically around hosting/managing/monitoring web services
Sorry Tim Tebow fans, Kyle Orton announced as the starter..:-)
If UK wins today (which they should) so be it. If UofL wins today it's bc refs, we'd rather beat UK than win Championship or fluke upset.
still at ashley and zoeys...ordered some pizza and wachin the game
completely nude reading this: “: completely nude watching a michael buble christmas”
“: the cranberry salsa w/cream cheese dish came out great for our All-Staff Thanksgiving meeting.”
hey so I have been "pending" to follow you for like ever??? :)
sounds great! DM me and we can chat.
Pampering my wife who is the best mom in the world! A little gardening. You?
BROOKLYN TIL I DIE
I love Sid but some people need to think before they speak
I'm still waiting.___.
Witnessed two minor car accidents and listened to slamming of car brakes all day - take extra caution in the rain drivers!
Sitting outside at my friends! Hot :/ -Maria
good good how bout Bmore?? When ya comin' home??
How many Tuskers you wanna bet the Spurs won't win the championship?
merry Christmas eve Ariana :)
I seriously hate weight living but I just love coach kavi.
RT : Werehummingbird? I'm already seeing a future romance novel called SWEET NECTAR.
I'm sorry you feel that way. Now let's talk Oregon/Stanford. I'm taking Oregon by 10
You know it's going to be a great story when it starts off with "So this bitch....."
Congrats on finishing your ficlet!
aw really :(
lol I don't even want get up . I'm so paranoid
Tuesday #Training Tip: Encourage your #sales staff to solicit feedback from customers. A quick "How am I doing?" shows you care!
Vegas next week- I might! made sure I got my methodology draft done first though! ;)
The message of DIgital Science is that Macmillan realizes it needs to become more of a technology company (amen!)
lets try again lol...available this week?
Rachelle is kind of like Roseanne Barr and Susie Green mixed with an empty bottle of Advil
At least someone appreciates me RT : Sharing sorority storiez with #presidentpaige #farmer norm
Mark Twain~ It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not deserve them.
Who needs anatomy
#mcfc in the Community Shield!!!
About to eat some ramen noodles
don't know
It's so nice outside today...so this is what it feels like to not live on the face of the sun.
Thanks for watching! Easy to make people who are already special look good!!
a snitch niggaaaaa that's dat shit I don't like
Gotta love that #28 Posey guy. Only jersey I own.
Here's to hoping my computer at work is ready for me tomorrow. Goodnight.
Ready to be done with my psych exam so I can hit up a few bars tonight. After RUSH of course ;-)
#ThingsIDislike when someone tells you their gonna do something and didn't do it.
That is gross
Nothing kills happy hour like a big head. Now bartenders and concessionaires pulling pints can rely on TurboTap”. - Time Magazine
I'm sometimes surprised when people still think that the library will be phased out of cities and universities.
J Lo is so fine
good lord no way. but she is a survivor. miss you.
Old guys lie to the younger guys about some strange colored weed they got from a "white dude" from alaska.
Julius Peppers and Donovan McNabb are the only two people to play in a Final Four and the Super Bowl
Had fun at the Indy home show today! You all know to print address labels to fill out all those forms to win prizes, right? :)
- Bin Laden was not wrong.
Tim Duncan got a haircut? Spurs might win it all man.
AMAZING hopefully I can come probably will mwaaa 😊❤💗
see he not even talking to me tho, he talking to you..
Didn't you hear The #Wizards love him and want to pair him up with Nene!
I'm here in Tucson, AZ headed to Austin, TX for #sxsw - enjoying coffee reading about #sxsw & getting excited to attend event
Had a wonderful time with the Full Sail crew for the shoot. Thank you Tracy, Tom, James, Andy, Sun Digital, Black Kat Girls and Mojo's!
“: So entertaining when 50 year old ladies dress slutty.” Aww, you know you want a cougar! Worn in like a pair of old jeans ;)
im bout to drop slyder music 2///and the last legend im working
Major LOL at the white preppy girl in the Coogi jacket.
Multiple thank you notes today from students, which always make me smile
I'm pretty sure that the TV show Glee exists only to sell CDs filled with cover songs.
Not only do i look like a prick driving an Expedition in a dark blue suit. I'm tweeting like one.
It's gunna be one of those fuckin days isn't it...great
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhenTextingYou When ur job gonna stop taking u away!
Thanks Chuck!
Sorry I was late, but thanks for meeting me for brunch!
Great class yesterday, we learned so much, thank you! , you have a great COO!
You won the Kilker.
Not so much David Wilson.
I'm so tired of the Obama bashing by the GOP. Especially considering most of their "facts" are made up in their head.
In 1975 I walked into The Narragansett Times editorial office with a pathetic portfolio of newspaper clippings and a resume so bereft of ex…
Being driven to study computational linguistics this late by something other than procrastination is quite odd for me...damn paranoia!
I agree!
In the in studio with the boy and making these hits!!
Music is my Lover and Success is my Mistress !
Went to Sushi on the Rocks and it was great!
Follow Wael Ghonim. He's the Google marketing manager that helped to lead this revolution.
don't fuck with him, he has bo staff skills.
Make It Or Break It Son! Tweet ya from le phone. :P
there pretty cool, my buddy turned me on to them about a year ago!!!
Removing Soriano or...?
Really had a great time as well, fun talking to the filmmakers and audience alike - oh, and you looked marvelous.
cop my album "The Black Swan" on iTunes its the hottest album on the streets right now !!!!
I love Quinn Fabray
Hell yeah! RT : Just worked on some guest vocals for ! So excited to hear how everything comes together. :)
Thanks for the RT!
Nobody can be successful unless he loves his work. David Sarnoff
Ground Wars: Personalized Communication in Political Campaigns--tonight with Rasmus Nielsen and for MCC &
That awkward moment when a GPS tells a gay person to go straight.
I'm going to hit the gym tomorrow.
We have alerted our support team of your request. They will be contact with you shortly.
he's not mine anymore...i can see it..i dont go to school for 1 day and...he's with that b****! :(
date night with my guy tonight! Want to try a new place in Denver or Boulder for dinner- any recommendations?
Enjoy your Thursday on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio - San Francisco's Smooth Jazz Station!
Knowing BJ's work ethic, he is now a light-heavyweight.
and don't forget about me being on Chumley's lockdown
happy bday kid
I miss the gym. And when I say I miss it, I miss going H.A.M. in there pre-prego -__- It's like going cold turkey on a habit I think. LOL
Christmas just around the corner get your fisherman and women great Rod Racks as gifts.
Thanks, Steve - have a good one!
I am definitely not in the mood for anything at all. Omg I just wanna Plug in my earphones and act like no one is home. 😒
yesterday the police let the protesters stay, they were arm and hand in hand, chanting "let us in"it really is the people's house after all
Alright. Who has the best "must follow" lists? Any major recommendations?
in certain climates, i'd say yes!
We off & on but
Madison cops are already cracking down. Third time seeing people sitting on the curb next to the car
Ways I was not #vegan today: donuts (one w/bacon). Chicken. Goat cheese. Sry #meatlessmonday, you just got moved to Tuesday.
Actually we don't use an RSS with Twitter, expect for blogs! :)
:Nice one I like that!
Special deals on any pick ups in La Mesa, Lemon Grove, or Spring Valley today.
Aye bitch stfu -.-
I would like my Mega Millions winnings in Troll dolls, please
Somebody is wearing "Essence of old lady" perfume this morning i see.
At work bored
I never know where to start in Forever 21.
": Blowjobs are illegal in Malaysia and punishable with imprisonment of 20 years maximum."<=boy these hoes would have LIFE here!!!
Head to today for great films by and about rural people and places. Support independent filmmakers & eat free popcorn. Sweet!
Playing a block party tomorrow night. That means free beer and tunes. If you live on the block at least
Met at the & luncheon .. See the pic at 8 News Now FB page.
checking it out...
i'm soo trapped by anxiety! i worry wayy too much. i need to change that. Free your mind beautiful people :)) i will do the same
going to go ahead an assume my game got cancelled lol.. #happy not sad anymore from last night!
Oh my word I just saw Nick Cannon at the #AmericasGotTalent auditions!!!! :)
ahh I'm missin you too bro!! Gonna play some him and cuddle up to my him pillow under my him bead cover and think about you!!
NO...dammit - Zynga buys Draw Something maker OMGPOP, CONFIRMED (caps in honor of company name).
When Austin didn't get our April fools joke and everyone was freaking out
To all the new fans, "Mahalo". Please scroll all the way down to get to know The Doosh. And Don't Be A Gaper! Rate, hate, like or spike.
soo sleepy!!!! cant wait for grad school to be over..on to pageant land
This TUESDAY 1/18, our new album hits iTunes, Rhapsody, mp3.com, Amazon MP3, emusic, 7 Didital, and dozens more throughout the globe. ...
This dude tryn make me , some weed cookies ... Daaaa fuccckkk
#IWishYouKnew ME! Until then....stop talking! #bam 😳
The India #turmeric has medicinal properties that help #Alzheimer patients.
“: oh lawd. Shopping demon!” Send the rain!!
I been fly so long i fell asleep on the fucking plane
Don't even get me started on ems and ens and bears, oh my!
#ragnarchi was a great race overall. Very good organization, easy directions on the road, including the night. I highly recommend it.
Cowboys and Chargers :-(
Gotta wake up early and track down some kite string or twine for a photo shoot in golden gate park tomorrow .
Toes: sprained 4th toe
Trying to figure out how to get some Beverly Hills Cop quotes into one of our projects cc/
yup insane!!
I appreciate Mattern's turn to studies of acoustics in ancient cities in premodern archaeology as a source for methodology in her own work.
aren't you in buffalo?? Go to anchor bar! Haha
they've been having breaks this whole year wtfff >:/ no I'm mad lol
hailey what sport
I hate when ppl take this as a joke, I don't take my $$$ or my business as a joke. I'm out here grindin man
My nigga out side with some church socks on lhh
Statistically taller people sleep longer in bed.
how? you dont even know me
Recently charged with a felony? Bloodworth Law Firm can help you get the representation YOU deserve. Call us immediately @ (615) 250-8000
Denver #420 crowd getting larger. Starting to fill up civic center park. Billed as biggest 420 rally in country.
As much as mainstream fare tends to disappoint in general as of late: it's somewhat offensive to see how Austin Powers 4 is a trending topic
Success comes before work only in the dictionary~ Author Unknown
You mad, bro? Ha,
Testing out a ton of experimental recipes this week! Be prepared to see new ones soon! Probably more naming contests as well!
I think "real jobs" are gonna be a hot commodity in 2009... Be happy! :D
One of those days when every endeavor seems hopelessly snarled and knotted. #fb ::dramatic sigh::
Happy Friday! Everyone have a safe and blessed weekend :)
And the preparation for date night begins! A little britney,beyonce& gaga will do!! Now what to wear?!?!
thank you thank you.
miss you too! I've been so show deprived lately and the people that come with them 
Amen and amen. Arrest this man, please. RT : I am drained. This case is on me like 3 winter coats in the summer time.
Had a great time with family in Madison.
I swear you look like nelson mandela with a ball fade with the baron davis beard!!!!!
Alex "El Tiburon" deGoti has been the starting shortstop since his FRESHMAN YEAR making him the oldest player on the team!
#icc2012 attendees: is Byram central to _your_ understanding or application of ICC?
Ahh- what a tease! #teamadam is saving the best for last
Eating healthy on the road, eh? ;-D
- Roe On Here Coolinq With Him & The Family Fwu.... But Im Off Love You Ugly <3 Sn. You Need Some More Flows In Ya Inbox ' LML
#kids The Easter Bunny Arrives at The Boulevard Mall! at The Boulevard Mall, Fri, Apr 6 10:00a: The Easter Bunny arrives at The Boulevard...
It's fun to sing "I'm Still Here" but sub in the words "Richard Gere."
Time to fill out more resumes!
Happy mother's day
just watching Total Recall and everything is touch screen - even finger nail polish - but there are still keyboards
if you ever feel like knitting again, drop me a line. I'd be happy to ease you back in.
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation might be the greatest Christmas movie of all time...
Fellas don't forgot your moms today, she's the most important woman in your life.
thanks brother. I'm loving the fact you got good shit as well.
good morning marianne, do you think donald will win
Some of my amazing followers should talk to me(:
Attend the Northeast Barista Championship-coffee, beer & dancing-FREE at highline loft Saturday 8pm
Great love affairs start with Champagne and end with tisane.
only if I can stand right next to him as we do it
Cool! Thanks! RT : DEADWOOD PARK is one of my favorite micro-budget horror movies. Thanks for the follow. Cheers!
Hey twitter fans, take a minute and sign up www.iBand.me if you love music you will love the site!
yes i can
love you ! :) cheer up love.. im here for you!
put a pic on here
So what do you think of Google+ so far?
I wonder if likes my icon(:
FINAL! No. 13 Oakland knocks off top ranked Penn State with a 5-3 victory.
Uh yeah! We do! We'll bring the beer!
twitter is good for immediate recommendations only
Ditto. RT : Q5 yes, definitely. my husband is my rock.. and sounding board.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction
I just "got" that t shirt
meek mill is nasty
RT : FABULOUS talk about how distraction in natural environments affects the results of user tests
"I love my tits slathered in crimson." What the fuck did I just read?
u gonna be on tomorrow morning?
talk to me
I love it!! The colors are so relaxing!
Everybody trend #ThankYouGeo so geo could see
We open at 11 and the Special is on from 11-4pm! After that, check out the dinner special at 5 till closing!
She has my heart i have hers i am getting my engine put in. I have my friends back. And i have money in the bank... Well damn lifes good
ATTENTION! "LIKE" us on Facebook fan page! be entered in our drawing 4 an iPAD2! Announced on here in 22 hours!!!! 1 day to go!
Snowflakes are one of natures most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together. Vista Kelly
Liking someone who you can't have sucks:o/
#BlackBabyNames Tom Robinson
I've caught you looking, but you deny it, so why should I bother, if you don't even try.
our drummer is from Boston.
ole girl thought she was hot, thirsty rat! I saw how she was peeping you though! Lol, told her to follow me on twitter!
#ThingsThatINeed more sleep. food. and summer.
Inhaled poison ivy/oak/sumac causes swelling & irritation of the lungs/throat, coughing, blisters and boils over entire body
Just came across a business calendar item that promotes an event as having, ahem, "unusual family activities."
Silly sound department. :-)
#imagine Harry and you go to a roller coaster and he have a lot of scared so he hugs you with all his might, so he advantaje and kiss you <3
Those who love and are loved by God are not allowed to cease to exist, because they are God's treasures: Dallas Willard
hahahaha okay I will!!!
Mind blown picking 's head off the floor
I wonder if we had a Nandos here would 1D come lol :D
Every time #WallStreet comes on I just have to watch it. Gordon Gekko is Michael Douglas at his best.
Oh I gotcha Hun. In the tub is just fine with me Michelle. Are there going to be bubbles? Xoxo
i was!! boo...#twitter is messin' up & not showing my mentions!! so i just got this...sry for late response! have FUN though! :)
We need to redefine what it means for a redesign to be 'done'. Public launch does not equal end of project.
cutest couple award
. Hey, Pete. I don't know. Maybe a Pontiac Bonneville. The convertible. But you don't drive.
Hello Mariah, I hope Nick is going to be just fine. I am a fan of you and Nick. You two will be in my prayers. Love you two
Transforming Organizational Culture Denison model half day workshop in Denver 10/21. www.Astdrmc.org
Thrift Stores, Foot Massages, and a Redbox rental...Its going to be a good week this week!
Haha...can you say weirdest day ever in football!
"Money can buy everything but meaning." #socap11 is proving this is no longer true. Happy/grateful to be alive at this time...
Itch because I perceive./Conjure sense when you believe.
It was great seeing all of you tonight! hope to see you again soon :)
I may or may not be getting a tattoo next week. But I'm not telling you if I am.... or am not.
Thanks for the RT buddy!
Oh my God Bradley Cooper is at the same party I'm at....he's so Limitless!!!!
The only animal that thinks we're awesome: the dog.
I have honestly thought of you all weekend. I love you. When are you coming to school?
Watching love storys while its storming >>
My friends are bbqing with breathe Carolina and the ready set. I miss BBQ with the bands and crews. Seriously, can I go home now?
« #BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I ran track cheer dance an did gymnastics»
#LOITERSQUAD BEST SHOW SINCE EVER.
RT : Valentine's Day Specials! Relax w half price wines by the bottle & for you chocolate lovers, half price Brownie a la Mode!
Sophia Downing guilty, all counts. After verdict, Downing's attorney whispered something to her. In tears, she replied, "You're sorry?!?!"
So. I mean no disrespect but I gotta know. will Romney make us all be Mormans if he becomes president? And if so, do they have good food?
hey Paula, I remember a day you called yourself the bean lady, am I crazy?? This Is a legitimate question!!
UK football makes people drink
Yay!! Found them! :)
Hey everyone! Please check us out at www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com :):) we appreciate all support and retweets!
Need #cupcakes? must check out sugar mountain
I usually go to bed around 4am every night, but tonight I'm going to bed at 11pm:)
it appears Tulo will makes his AB as he gingerly moves to the on-deck circle, but he's still taking inventory
I guess it wouldn't be about as much the falling as it would the sudden stop. I've heard they can be a real buzz-kill-LOL
I have no deep thoughts but I'd love to know what prompted the warning
Thank you for the RT!
+1 RT : Congratulations! For getting hired permanently, not for passing the drug test. Although that too.
Show us your books! Tweet a photo of your critical edition collection & we'll add one more to your shelves.
why isn't "anthemic" a word?
Looking forward to chatting with you on Monday!
Price hikes might be inevitable but UO should reward longtime supporters, not punish them. Keeping them is key 2 long-term financial success
What the heck is facebook doing to itself? :/ It's going to give itself a Myspace-Fate. Google+, Anyone?
Getting a pizza and heading home to watch "Dark Night of the Scarecrow". I'd rather be at Thee Oh Sees show, but you know how it goes.
great to see you. Get some sleep ya silly boy!!!
Hi Brad, were working with sponsors at tech events now, and working on sales tools to attract sponsors & local nonprofits
Happy Easter! (:
New V-day toast: Loving somebody... makes you want to set that person on fire... cheers!
12 Angry Men continues to hold up every time I see it
never mind il find someone like you ;)
Link to a webpage or two where you're responsible for every single line of code, and assume we'll study it like the Torah.
I got that coffee, milk, a banana and that white-chocolate-macadamia-nut-dried-cranberry cookie breakfast.
FOX been angling to new pinnacle with new ambitions and goals. Seeking pre-eminence. The future 1960s CBS/NBC/ABC they once balanced
come out to #stillliferaleigh we will take great care of you!!
Play Ya Cards Right
I'm going to the fair ! :D aha
I CAN'T WAIT! #giddy schoolgirl RT: : A day and a half!
yayay then ur all good :D want the pass now?
Another beautiful day in #Cincinnati - Spring is here!
Rythm and Ribs jazz event happening this weekend at 18th and Vine, get your tickets now!
Required reading according to Blight: All the King's Men.
Christina Aguilera gives me chills every time she opens to sing <3
#myfirstyearatcollege was awesome and crazy, I learned a lot and it opened my mind, we'll leave it at that
Every day.
I suspect PARKVILLE like the rest of BALTIMORE is going to be HoppingCrazy tonight w/SuperMoon & Kitten De Mayo Must listen to scanner! Ha!
which city are you in?
Where the fuck is everybody?!
We desire nothing so much as what we ought not to have.
Obedient minion wanted for anal rare book dealer. Menial tasks for paltry pay. Those clinging to romance of the book need not apply.
It continues to amaze me how some people cling to the most ridiculous ideals
You are doing Source again! Awesome! I rub it!
Carol, thanks for ordering the book. Pixability-in Cambridge-did the video. Tell Randy I sent you.
oh cool
I'll see if I can find time. Wow it's been 2.5 years
why RT: nervous as FUKK for New York I really dont wanna see my grandma..
I kind of agree. had idea I liked: Pass Const. Amen. that sets up lottery system to decide order of state primaries
I need Everybody 2 show luv n follow my nigga
It almost Cambodia new years!!!
Fifteen minutes to party time. Get your party hats ready . . .
Go Lobos! Good luck Lady Lobos Soccer team today against BYU. Go Lobos!
“: Now that she is leaving the CBS Evening News, I'd like to see a show called "Katie Couric's Alaska: with Books!"”
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't miss it. I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches.
If I found out I had a teaching job this fall, I would put in my two weeks notice in July and go on a road trip out west. Montana maybe?
It's weird, but I love that feeling. "Good sore" = great workout! It always gives me a sense of conquering my body.
. Campari is in my heart. My grand dad drank all the time. But Luxardo is damn good.
greetings from wisconsin!! (;-)»
Morning all today is going to be beautiful!
lol I was just laughing.. I always laugh. Constantly for no reason.
MAMA MAHONE, Y U NO COME TO MIAMI?? :(
RT : “ #Gemini's have a bad twin to blame their mischievous side on.”
It's funny how no matter how different our stories or situations are, we all can relate to quotes and each other.
Thx Freddie, it's out 11/8th. FB has samples. Let's hang! Congrats on ur new cd. Will try to check out asap!
But I love my boots:)
We miss you too! RT : Great dept! Miss my terps!
thanks for the #ff!
I strapped empty soup cans to my head with aluminum foil. Irritation of metal-to-skin aside, the sound quality was fantastic
thanks for RT!!!
DeAndre Jordan = older looking version of Tyler the Creator.
I don't live in eagle, but I can meet right outside the door :D
hi I'm from America and I admire how you say what you think. Not all Americans are bad like you think.
About to catch some Orioles magic, while there is still time.
same here. I get all sad. :( I wish we could do something to help.
A few weeks left before Mother's Day... you know she wants pics of you.. hurry schedule now before its too late!!!! xo Wendy
heyy long time no talk :) lol
Today in 1867 – Zoetrope was patented!
"Does this dress make me look fat?"
do u do mtf transformation
Starvin like marvin need
corinna bringing out my happy side right now c: <3
I can't stand guys who wear camo.
yeah. Against people who've been losing. We've got troubles.
Can't get that song out of my head since watching Mad Men!
who else would I send them to? I was going to send "You seemed smarter to me when I first met you." but that one won out.
however, should they have to choose a specific "major" when they are 14 yr old?
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals
This Saturday at 2 PM: 1st Annual Blue Ribbon Rochester Pub Crawl to Raise Money to Prevent Child Abuse starts at Salinger's
Just FYI - this is - just so I'm not tweeting you out of the blue. ;-)
Poker room!
What a great story! My pleasure to pass it along. :)
i hate that crap.
Huh im bored cleazning up
CONGRATS!!! Cannot wait for next week!! Savor the moment!
No I will never ever do that. I rant on here because no one cares what u say and they're not listening
Sometimes, when sailors are sailing,they think twice, about where they’re anchoring, and think, I could make better use of my time on land.
Thanks for the follow bro! Hows SwagAir coming along?
Do u ever wake up in the morning & realize "This could be the greatest day of my life, or the worst. Only fate can decide."
RT if and should come back to New York City :)
ok blake weds is my parents 15th wedding anniversary. so im wondering at ur show on weds if u could give a shout out cont.
I was using a computer in the basement of the lib, now I'm home
I'll give u that, Rodgers is a great QB but boo the Pack! ;P
I wanna learn the dance on white chicks 'it's tricky' 😏
RT Has there ever been a time when an officer examines a 21-yr-old's smart phone that did NOT result in 24-life indictment?
Need more than these flirtations, need a full time boo thang
Loving the immense support for
been there once, never going back again!
Call 619-733-5322 to start saving #money on your #insurance today!
Just me and my music tonight...
Workflow for the day
to a certain point is right I've been on the waiting list for section 8 for almost 10 years got 2 approval last year
Lately, I haven't been giving a fck about anything and I'm loving it.
The first #SuperBowl tickets went for $6-12. This year's face value range is $800-1200.
CIM & Macklowe submit plans for an 82 story condo at the Drake Hotel site, which will be NYC's tallest residential tower...
Morning tweeps! Good luck to all during the first day of classes! Make this an active semester with Campus Rec!
Find another girl.
Home tip of the week: For loose furniture joints, apply baking soda then superglue into the joint to fill & cement it.
Go chargers
glad you enjoyed
if you need to talk dm me.. dont ever feel soo terrible you dont want too live like they did. things DO get better. i promise.
I've thought the same thing!
follow back?
Honor America's veterans for their patriotism, love of country, and willingness to serve and sacrifice for the common good.
Love this. RT : The message is; advocate for #beer, but let go of the beer advocating. Got it.
I agree and yes. It's live too. I was talking about #Buffs and #Beavs though.
thanks for the #ff- and same back atcha!
#YallAreNotDating if he always making excuses when you tryna see him
holy shit that's awesome!
anybody say italian
Is that 90s band or sometbhing?
RT Join the fight! Follow RT!
For updates and pictures from the Nike unveiling in NYC follow
ooh how i hate going there. has always been one of my biggest fears
no I got it. Just didn't know.
I'm gonna have to be tired for work tomorrow n watch my NUGGETS!!
awww thanks amy ur beautiful too :-)
She badder than a 3 year old .
Hey Brockport, how's your hangover after Brock the Port this weekend?
Twisted sister Xmas. Just yes. Google it.
“I’m frightened to death, I’m frightened that I won’t be strong.”
Tonight Joe Hite on the piano at The Belmont. Holiday cheer is in the air
LOSE YOUR FUCKING MIND GO CREW.
but let's be honest, are any of them WORTH $200 to participate in?
The snow will not stop taunting me.
Too bad production savings don't trickle down to consumers. Why does an eBook cost as much as a paper one?
UWO drops its first game of the #WIAC tourney, 10-0 in 8 innings to a heck of a team. Play loser of UWW/UWSP at 4.
Life is art and art is my life
sometimes your knight in shining armour is just an idiot wrapped in aluminum foil #fairytaleswithhappyendings?notalways!
Imma bout to choke the shit outta her!!!!!!
10 years since #NYC was attacted..my beautiful city is stronger than ever
Finally saw Hunger Games & it is so good!!! Now I'm home watching my favorite new show !!
hilarious! rob did have a little tat q+a today
Oxy Mo: Political solution
I really did. It made my day, actually! AND the card was so sweet... I hope things are calming down? Tall order for 3 days tho..
It does help..heading to your blog now! Thanks again!
Finally! I hve twitter on my blackberry
Blonde Gang is not about having blonde hair but about individuality & uniqueness. What Makes You You! Follow !
yeahh me too, thatd be so exciting for you<3
too much thinking already this morning?
- Really considering Goin Back to NY Now!!
Is today a holiday for meters & street cleaning in LA? Anyone know?
When I think of Maurice Sendak I think of the Little Bear books, Chicken Soup with Rice and the Pierre Books. These are the books I admire.
kerry collins = PSUAlum, just FYI lol (you know I am loyal lol)
OMG those jeans!
bitch you are growing a fucking hairline i wouldnt even come to skool if i was u first of all you fake as fuck u have no friends no life
follow me?
great meeting with you!
Oven Roasted Green Beans It isn't often you hear people wax poetic about green beans. Sure, vegetable-lovers and gardeners go crazy over
": #Aries sex is like nothing else. You will remember how amazing it was for life."
Not a big fan of the rain right now
I was humiliated by your staff Ballantyne Commons & no one wanted to do anything to solve the problem. They couldn't have cared less.
just a thought is all.
The closet called. RT : STOP what you're doing and watch 's "Where Have You Been" video right now.
It's so hot in my house that I'm contemplating turning on the AC. Thoughts ??
In a MF minute...RT : Metta world peace look like a he bout to beat a Nigga
Thanks for the mention!
A confused mind says no... What's do YOU want today? Take a step to make it happen!
A bowl of soup and a camera! Get creative with it! Two beards, one soup is always a popular choice
I ain't been home in a month I guess
Right. Okay, twitter, we're on this right? Weenie! Wake up!
When I saw you, you was wifed up. Yea you was his. But the look on ya face said he wasnt shit...
Twitter has taught me to edit myse
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!
Can't wait for the game today!
“: Wade's having one of those nights where the things he usually does that look effortless seem really really difficult.” 2funny
I can give you a couple details
Only one Answer! rel to hot local trendsFollow me back
i think should follow me. Just cause when i'm sick i kinda sound like her. No offense. I think i sound awesome when im sick.
I don't have a PS3. That's why I want it on Iphone. I LOVE the concept, been watching Youtube videos all morning.
What happened?
Lets go Montee Ball !!! Bust a big one to seal the game, tie the record 39 TDs, cover the spread -9.5. Bring on the Ducks.
First time in 8 years I'm missing opening day. Feels like Santa skipped my house.
Finished shooting some more great workout video. Get caught up at www.breakoutworkout.com
Listen to Tyler. RT : A ZED & TWO NOUGHTS is playing at this weekend! Go see it, and get your Greenaway on.
As the great said it, "people need to just take a chill pill."
Straight up, I would jump in front of a bullet for my mom
plus a little bit of & Joel Anthony
CLOCKSS created their own cloud and they're keeping it in the community.
Mama Im at a crossroad.... Of my my my my life.... Damn...
great win ducks lets wrap up the washington sweep on saturday
yepp, it has!! And I'm alright. What about you?? ;D
#ratchetmixtapetitles Skittles & Ice Tea
Free t-shirts while they last, free PD micro sessions, prizes & more in booth 318
Would anyone like a Christmas card from me? Message me with your address.
Checking out the found footage flick Area 407.
and i miss talking to himm!
AS PROMISED!!! FIRST PERSON TO DM ME 4 TRACKS PRODUCED BY DJ PREMIERE, DM ME FOR A PASS TO ONE STOP SHOP!
Hiding under my desk taught me forbearance.
thanks for the shout out and post!!! U guys are the best!
2am! Too late for the kids... :(
I just need to keep the right mind set & I'll graduate.
thanks for your service to the USA. Hope you had a great Veteran's Day with your family!
I'm so glad you did!! It was such a good interview.
#IfIWereU I'd pay attention to what's going on around you!
Hi HS All best FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
exploring my own body and i love what i see
You can't boo during a battle....its a battle!!! We gotta hear what's being said. Just my opinion.
lucky ducky
Proud knight of the Juan table...
but great error message! tell me you didn't smile when you saw it...
Finished jury duty. Two of the most common crimes in Warren County, OH: domestic violence and DUI.
harry potter FAIL
Thanks for the retweet!
This train is taking forever
much deserved, good job this wk w/
Hey everyone! How's your night going so far? #MuchLove :*
Your story is beyond inspiring. My thoughts & prayers are with you.
I'm so lazy that I'm not even going to CXCW.
still have that HUGE dent in my door from 2 years ago. Do you know anything about that?
#InCaseYouDidn'tKnow I could care less about what you think about me.
oh semaj cousin.... she cool af.... go follower her.... this is my twin jamie
Just take my hand, hold it tight
now that clearly all depends on where
I think I was still drunk at work yesterday when I walked in.
Hack-A-Thon at work today. Meaning we can leave until we develop a working project which is a in house Time Tracking application. Sad!!!
Hate when mf act dum or act like niggas stupid n shit
You too!
"Damnit I thoroughly enjoy being in this band" -Jakey Lee at practice today
Most Christians want 2 know God in the power of His resurrection without the fellowship of His sufferings...
i was gonna do it on performances but im teamin up with mike n were doin it on label.
Romeo save me, they're trying' to tell me how to feel. This love is difficult, but it's still real.
World&#39;s Tallest Buildings Pictures, Images, Poster Prints
Music is as unique as a fingerprint...infinite possibilities!
No, I keep it up for always. I'm sentimental that way.
Don't forget to Spring ahead. The good new it won't be Dark at 6 anymore!!
#Lifeclass - how many of us will know something about ourselves we didn't know at when this program is over. I think I will...
I really fucking hate texting.
what's it on
#ItsCrazyHow hungry I am all the time haha
Don't hate on them@
photo was take on main st just north of william.
do you have a condom because i want this, i just dont wanna die for it
Got a crazy sweet tooth? white chocolate gelato is all you need
I definatly do that.
Thanks for the follow back...
Mike Leach's offense is 2-for-2, starting the game with a pair of scoring drives. Tuel to Carl Winston for a short TD.
I want your eyes!<3 btw we need to go on an adventure soon!
Ben, you actually look better than Aziz (#noHomo).. but he's a little funnier than you but it's pretty close haha
yes to both (:
hook office still smells of raw sewage. sniffing sharpees to stay alive. #isit5PMyet?
It's like they know it's bout to happen / just keep ya eye out like "Aye aye, captain."
I think your the last pieces of my puzzle called life.
Nothing could be better than hanging out at Freshman Day!
well zynga traditionally goes after stay at home moms, i think
Whoever decided to do construction during the holiday season sucks balls.. Really main street.. Really? 5 waits at a light? Balls
Sign around high school tourists' necks at Press Club food court: "Crime pays for banks and frackers"
Thanks Adelia Keep spreading the word :D -xoxogno
Hey Teens! Want to have some say in what happens at the library? Join the YAK Krew @ Gibson Lib today @ 4 to talk about programs|books|more!
Next time I hear a politician exhort "finding common ground", I think I'll suggest we start by sharing our feelings about TicketMaster....
RT : sound great. can't wait to enjoy some of their great eats!
Perhaps (oddly) the nicest thing you could say about me. :)
Genomes of two champion bulls sequenced
AWESOME COVER DUDE!!!! Great job! I love Green day lol...but my band mostly does sreamo.
That shit happened to me too! What the fuck!
Has Hollywood learned nothing from "Snakes on a Plane"?
follows this model with their email rating system.
Shaq is my favorite sports commentator shaq daddy keep doin your thing!
Writing's all about the sentence basics: what's the subject, how's the verb? Grow your blossoms on the branches of great structure.
Thanks for the follow- I love your picture!
a good time to stop studying is when your laptop dies. Even a machine can't handle all the knowledge
What am I supposed to be doing with #scoville? Still haven't figured that out.
We hope you enjoyed the show! We've been hearing awesome reviews of it!
Saying "Or Not" When People Do the Complete Opposite of What You Just Said
So why do record stores still have "Bongs & Rolling Papers" aren't we past that yet?
Think college bar. Id be hard pressed to find a pickle here.
Sheriff's Log - Big Bear Grizzly
Its been a good a crazy season Magic....hope for a good summer.
VICTORY! I finally got that freaking teeny shard of glass out of my pinky finger!
You best believe I'm gonna see kells Friday in Denver . Don't care if I have to walk 10 mile's. And I'm going by myself.
Um ru kidding me?!?!?
This is comical.
RT : Where is your commitment leading you right now?
Something about taking an education class final
If one song sums up my Life it would be "Don't speak By No Doubt" #TragicKingdom I know what your thinking o_O
The probability of a black parody song having the word "doo-doo" in it is like 85%
Please support Walk for Wishes this saturday.
I got it from my mama..... Thx mom. <3 me
"youre a bad texter" no its called i dont want to talk to you... get it right
Lmaooo soo true I did it all the time:/
aye bay bay :D
free cassel too
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 97
Follow my new twitter ; :)
Running jump / kiss = success
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla
Can you elaborate or is there an article in the works we should look 4ward2?": RT : Still favorites for PM?>>Yes"
Well at least we know Reggie will be back for his senior season...
more men should rock Faris style :)
A little voice inside my head said don't look back, you can never look back
aye I need an appt ASAP
Watching old Mosley fight
I want to propose a system that includes dev/design people who care about the quality not the quantity. I'm not in it to milk $ from people.
So earlier I sign my contract for my agent so I'm just feelin great right now! #Godup2sumthin!
so I'll be in South Carolina on Sunday;)
"In your butt, put the eyeball in your butt Put, put the eyeball in your butt" - Eddie Murphy song
#WhatAWomanNeeds is to know that you have her back unconditionally...Mia Opening #Chicago soon!
so full of pizza right now
Push them to the dirt, till the words don't hurt; can you hear me?
sounds fun.. but I doubt I can get in ahaha
Prepping for the mothers day edition of #carlsononthelaw on tune in at 11
I feel... Used
I wish you cared about how I feel..
you have none... Loser👵
People that go to pearlridge every weekend. #tiredyet?
what's good with this music time to make some moves for this comp before u head out
Those I love you more fights >>>>>
A commitment to #excellence - that will enable you to attain the #success you seek
If Hasidism came if age in the 1970s instead of the 1790s, would the hasids be wearing polyester leisure suits?
I miss my bestie You should come home now! Thanks. 👍
Marvelous Monday Special -1/2 off ALL bottles of wine and champagne! Bring a friend!
I dont want you to be sad. im really trying to help you but your really not letting me.
cause ya never texted me LMFAOOO
Monster Mash Mode is what she on
we play your music in our office while we pack care packages for Cancer patients. Thanks for being such an inspiration!
M1919 on a half track that was actually deployed in ww2 #Topshot gonna be so awesome.
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED for the Pgh Blues Festival! July 24-26 @ Hartwood Acres. DM me for more info! Jam to live Blues for FREE!
when your window of opportunity is only 5 minutes long and its also your first impression then making a mistake is deadly.
Done cleaning up ! Where's my MEDS !!!!!
I really don't know how my life could be better right now I got everything I need 🌻
Will the league look at the Bryant foul on Faried & rule it a flagrant 2 and suspend him for the next game?
well get better man & be at practice before the week ends dawg, Scrimmage On Friday :D
Woohoo!! Passed the second zoom! Keep those #RepeatReceipt tweets coming and we'll have this map zoomed in no time!
#SecretService I did get a prostitute but was too drunk to have sex
Love dealing with awesome customer service reps. Thanks Tracy at ! Can't wait for the new business cards!
hey i love you.....it's rare true? but i love you
"Fear less, hope more; Eat less, chew more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Love more, and all good things will be yours."
...even though I suck ass
#MattCavanuaghSays Avengers wasn't a good movie
I wana put u on my plate ben wantn to for awhile now
yes!! There having the interview at 8:40 but where don't hear till 10:40 cuz there behind on time then we are
The way folks use the word "we" when talking about sports, you would think they are really on the team.
what's the best way besides social media to get the word out about a new product or brand??
thnx for following.
LOL Hubby. I give him lots of sex and he pays the bills. :)
Make that. 2 bands sets of Private performances!
thank you dear! Glad you enjoyed it 😃
I love you do much that I'd keep you from getting burned
What is hatch.cc? I saw it in your tweet details and got curious...their site is mysterious...
let us skype and I shall explain all, things are looking up!!
I used to work at RBIA and if any employee ever caught a foul or BP ball, you gave it to the first kid you saw or got fired.
Sometimes when I'm angry, i like to pretend i don't know you.
Please go smoke outside sir!!!
I MEAN WHAT THE HELL.
they fired my other, other wife...?
If you ever want a conversation about reg cost and benefits, you can read the report or reach out to me via email anytime. Thanks!
if you're going to pull over to switch buses, maybe the bus that's not broken should be there waiting.
Today felt lik a regular day for me lik I worked I'm tired an I'm onna bus on my way back home
thank you. i love your icon :)
It's a scorcher today! Come in and try our Juice of the Day...Watermelon Lemonade. 24oz for only $2.99
I'm looking outside and it's a snowing.....
To get where you wanna be: 1. Build something up so high its unattainable. 2. Burn it down. 3. Start over with higher goals.
#johnnywalkertasting too bad I hate scotch
Shipping back to Boston after an awesome weekend in NYC!
:/ babe its ok
About to upload or first video blog! Stay tuned!
Hello JO Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
My husband is completely clueless!!
Happy thanksgiving !!!!!!! xD
Nope just ready to tackle the day... :-) and thinking of how useful your car phone charger was at sxsw- thanks!
We need to have an all classic rock night soon
I need to start legacy fit with u guys. Just was shopping and double sided mirrors don't lie!
May the 4th be with you.
I'm going to need the Atlanta Hawks to act like they got the number 1 defense like seriously!!!
How come some lame quote accounts are verified but isnt? :) RETWEET if you think he should be! <3
Wtfffff how shorty sexy and hideous at the same time!!!! Oh shit Remy do that to u lmao
Google is SO damn confused.
O about to have 1,000 by tomorrow!!!!!
Ahh yes.. Sunrise on the Spanish Mediterranean.... All my Mexican-American friends need to be here to enjoy w' me!
Sorry to all my new followers who I havent followed back!!! I've been real busy lately but thats all gonna change right now
I'm making dinner tonight. Wanna come over?
I agree
glad to hear we both made it through our classes
It's the last day to catch our anniversary sale! Come on by and take advantage of the 18% off! Dbl punch drink is a peppermint mocha!
beyond formal plans, do you guys have single user add-on prices? example: if we go above 35 users or our needs are between plans
Acrylic nails in da Health Care profession is very much frowned upon.Sik wrap maybe a better option :0).mines r silk wrapped
gettin yelled at .. because im not home ? she acts like she dont want me home so tf am i post to do ? .. okay moms ..
I recently learned that Turkey is the name of a country (weird) and NOW I learn that it's a TERRORIST country. It's like UGH!
Consults on how to write the "moidah's" realistically? Seriously, if I write it I'll keep that edit/consult in mind.
t* lol last tweet(;
only accept if it's from a Cambodian immigrant from the Bronx.
tomorrow I'm ma fail the class I'm so sorry I really am
RT : RT : Blog post of 's visit to for an employee teambuilding exercise designing...
And boom goes the dynamite!
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. BUT don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
donttt be afraid!!!
It's funny how people wanna start limping when they're fucking up so they won't look bad, HA.
Feet swollen....
Tell me this is a true story!
will 7'2 loek van mil make it to the big leagues?
Indie authors, indie spirits: we care more about our stories' quality than about how many copies a publisher thinks they would sell.
love "8Bit Heart". Wishing you much continued success!!!
I completely agree! Too many franchisors leave their franchisees to find funding themselves instead of being proactive.
Hahaha, apparently so!
so its official, we're getting married. We'll talk more details when you come to Seattle. ;)
Will the free time gods smile on me tonight? Depends...
yes? Loll
Oh no. First, that was a great description. We haven't met, but from your pic, I dont see you as a doughy guy.
i find nutella nasty. idk whats so awesome about it.
For some, grace means unmerited love. Maybe that’s why developing relationships takes such courage - Patricia Eagle, June 17, 2006
thank you really!! haha and idkk I've been growing it since 6th...im in 11th now or 12th now I guess XD
no you rock Gillyweed!
well lets hope his stats get better this week compared to the first few
Starting this Sunday!!!!
Stay w/ #Patch all day for up-to-date coverage of today's vote. For other local results check out &
Where can I get authentic Italian meal in San Diego?
I miss you but im really trying not to care anymore
"I love Eminem!" "I like Skittles better." "No, the rapper you idiot..." "You're the idiot, what's so good about a M&M wrapper?"
I have to go see a chiropractor tomorrow. Should I feel old or
dj anthony on air right now listen to WIN a 4 pack uf buffalo bandits tickets for this saturday night!!!!!!!
I really have breathing problems.. and it hurts my chest..
My favorite thing about Twitter is noone can look at you and say "That Was Random"
Very nice! I am a Barbie girl! :)
i love you too :)
NY and PA had the largest fleet of steamboats in the 1830s/1840s - by far. It seems someone should write "Steamboats on the Eastern Rivers"
Getting through the curriculum is IRRELEVANT. What the kids learn is what matters.
its a date :)
#Nowplaying space bound * eminem
Am I wasting my time talking to you?
I'm good! Busy busy!
yes I feel a little bit better..not to great tho but it's ok. How are you?
Woohoo! Looking forward to hearing the results from the latest upgrades for your strat.
All I want to know is where can I get one of those light up suits!
Walker's Point, fingers crossed.
Did you tell them who you are!?!? Try shouting "I'm Barney! I'm Doogie! I'm HUNGRY! "
. -- "I think that thrs an old spirit of the remnants of the south that comes 2 life evry 1ce in a while...
What makes a quality experience? RT : OTOH, Im torn bet too much use of smartphones in galleries vs people really LOOKIN
But Panda doesn't affect SEO... Content farming still effective to improve page position...
good timing! Watching from 214!
GT Events is on twitter!!!
Love it when a plan works out!...So far, so good anyway!
"His manner is politely pleaseant and compliant but w/ distant amiability of indifference."- MORE STATELY MANSIONS
Yes! Always!
The donations that come in for my passion: ChangeActivists.Org are blessings! They let me continue to change lives! Thank you!
What is your FAVORITE yoga pose and why???
That son of a bitch moment when you're walking around the house with socks on and step on a random wet spot...
A bit startled to discover has 63 followers, despite no updates ever. Patient friends: will tweet some steve news soon.
I know! let me unfollow someone who isnt following me to follow you!
It's game time ! Today's selection - Bone Thugs and harmony - Crossroads! Game on.
FYI get ready for an exciting promotion for our facebook fans. like us today to become eligible.
Hello, Thank you for the follow. Will be checking in with you soon. Would like to discuss some things in securing a loan.
Granicus is still looking for to stop by booth 301 for his prize...all #icma11 attendees can win too by tweeting
all good keeps have a bad spell, remember this is his 1st full season
yes! It's perfect for watching Mad Men :)
Yay! Now the wait for mine...
Of course! We're excited for the event!
Planning epic bike adventure into Jersey tomorrow. Who wants to come with?
"N*gga's are like fake Hair here" #Rogan"
#90sproblems - Technology - Which will be the same thing ten years later
Waiting for Godot . . .
thanks for following, Ashley.
I'm starving!,
Oh, and whatever the hell "e-sports" is. I like sports. I like "e". Might be fun to watch.
Today is #NationalDayofPrayer...get on it!
Heading to Atlanta for a conference. Appreciate any recommendations for places to eat/visit while down there, or people I should try to meet
if i where your boyfriend <3
love that movie!
Happy Birthday! Excited to learn some content ideas! ": 9 Powerful, Low Cost Content Marketing Ideas to Grow Your Business. #convcon"
I got on the scale this morning. but there was a camera in the room that added 10lbs. I am sure it did, whether it was on or not.
"The contexts wld broaden" seems an odd choice of tense. They DID. I was there.
lol I gotta stop tweetin on facebook and talk all my shit on here gotta step my game up
RT : There's nothing that can help you understand your beliefs more than trying to explain them to an inquisitive child....
I'm so behind on all my tv shows
Taking my Mamma out for a little pre-birthday meal. Lord knows, the woman deserves it.
Magic is going to bring a winning attitude to the Dodgers, and a multiplex to right field.
Laying out (:
I love how people says to stop hating on a crew and that it is wrong and then go on bashing with another crew. Hypocrites...
Woo! 22 episodes of PARKS AND REC next season!
Buddy stands on us and meows when he wants us up.
Lol RT : Just announced: The Pacers-Sixers conference finals will be broadcast on truTV.
follow back thank u beautiful
Pretty packed weekend, #Giro starts today, tonight and tomorrow followed by
Brad Bird needs to direct the fantastic four reboot I mean since he made an animated version of it called the incredibles. Marvel hire him.
I love you Peyton(: I'm honored that I was able to help you get there! <21
omg that really bothered me last night:)!!! Haha I couldn't stop talking about it
Domeone should tell #JamieDimon that the financial services sector is not the "...creator of all things."
is gunna be at parx casino on april 1st!!!!!!! In PHILLY!
Thank you for the RT! Hope your having a great Thursday!
“ Money is the Motivation”
Don't forget Triple H....WTF?!? He just lost his Black Card
Off to see the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational movie
Mi madre does work tonight, unfortunately
because ACOs will function as an organization, but the model may discourage the sharing of data outside the ACO
WHY IS THAT #WINDOWS OS, FEELS LIKE MANEUVERING THRU A LAND MINE FIELD? "DON'T CLICK THAT, WATCH OUT, HOVER BUT DONT LINGER OVER THAT POPUP"
am heading 2 bed... thanks 4 a gr8 chat!
He owns Capt. Kirk's chair!
doing comm/vo work is still better than any other non industry related "day job"...
you should be ready to rock now. Sorry about that ^_^
We'll pass along the "hello!" RT : I need to get back to Bin 36 and see Brian. Tell him hello please
Cool. Glad you're enjoying it.
Okay so who wants to buy me a 67 camero?
I know what you mean, my facebook has become kind of boring
lol i am just a teen
Did anyone else see World Peace just elbow that dude, wow.
Bout to see at the
it's my dads birthday so I will be out of commission this weekend but no worries I'll be back in a week so we'll have to hang
did the employee violate an NDA? What's the legal issue?
You need two people in a car to maneuver in Chicago traffic!!!!!#
don't think I haven't noticed.
Happy New Year everyone! Be safe out there!
Google me!
When my brother tries to tell my Mexican grandma a story >
GC can too. What a weird phenom.
rockin the stealth 10's on the court and his little Nay Nay rockin them 2 rows behind me
China’s accidental release 2.4 million gallons acid-laced waste into Ting River. China mobilizes 1,000 vessels to respond to an oil spill
I saw it too7
excited times a million!
Packing for Miami...anything new on your radar down there???
Who has a rocket I can hitch a ride on? I'm going to party on the moon!
RT : #Quote - Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday. Anonymous
hahhaa. Im so tired first thing I thought you were dead serious.
I love when ppl hate. free
Our office will be closed from Dec. 19 thru Jan. 1. During that time, Unify support will be sporadic, but available.
I always died, or killed everyone I loved :(
Marc Gasol looking like Bill Walton with gorgeous bounce pass to Z Bo for the deuce
Dude I was wide open.
“: Thank you, i'll always be your little bo :)”>>>you sure will!! 😘
Going to get a purple tattoo so when I get old it'll look like a raisin...
Yea, I'm sure I'll do that one. It's a popular one up here for sure!
Hello all
"TWEET" for a special discount @ www.PatricksCatering.com...
I'm in a meeting that I can't believe I am in right now. In a really good way. #pinching myself.
Music--moody food Of us that trade in love. --Cleopatra, Act II, scene v
Not showing up = disrespectful and arrogant. And no, I'm not talking about Jesus.
Angels at Rangers
iTunes and listen to the first part, you should understand what he is singing about.
Denver came out ballin! #KB24 vs #MJ23 - "he is suffering from flu like symptoms" (luv that commercial)
Dear , as a foodie your "personalized" suggestions of Denny's and Family Pancake House leave a bit to be desired.
In the weight room bOut to work heemington
Massacre ... Immediately my heart goes click!
You betcha! Although, I haven't seen it yet so it could be an imposter. ;)
ahaha I got ya
just rocked live stream about new book The Iron Knight! Hopefully, will approve me to read it NOW :) Congrats, Julie!
If i think you suck, then you will see it on my face
Chose to let the customer name their price for photos this time. Let's see how much this one backfires at me.
True victors in life are those who, enduring challenges & setbacks, have the roots of their being to a depth that nothing can shake them.
Hm....Is that a threat?
Please go to my website and let me know what you think about "The Sentinel" www.normanrayfitts.com
I Wish You Would Call me & Tell me you wanna be with me, i wanna hear you tell me youu need me../: <3 iLove You, <3 u.u
IU is playing solid... Impressed!
out west where there'll be flawless Thai food everywhere! So jealous!
what happened homie??...
Thanks #Starbucks for my free latte!
A milk chocolate bar contains more protein than a banana does.
OKC and Lakers for semi finals ^.^
Say what you will about Yu Darvish's performance last night, but I think we can all agree his hair made a pretty sweet debut.
ME AND MOM MARK A CAKE LOL
All I can say is I wish the Runnin' Horns were active when KD was there
why cant someone be liked for who they are and not their body? I don't get it!
big hitter plush today.... Nice hit
nothing. Waiting for Alex's Ustream to start. What up with you?
All I wanted to do was sit, watch a movie, eat soup. But no!
enjoy the show.
I hope this week goes by fast.
I saw that. Im just ignoring it. He's a troll who wants attention. Don't let him bother you. :-)
Yes, daughter. I saw you sneaking your DS into bed. However, I also know all the chargers are down here, and it's dead.
i got hoes anndd ? but i keep my legs closedd but i believe keepin yo mouth & leg close is the only way too make yo money ! Bitxc bye!
Night everyone! Weeks almost done(:
I'm kind of the tweet mistress for the group. Saw your tweet and thought I'd listen.
Never too late at night to jam out!
Requests are in for that! Hope you are doing GREAT!
Central Park sitting at 75 as of 3 PM. Teterboro and Newark both at 79. Very close to the record of 80 degrees at EWR airport!
Wait. Did just say that better treatment of concussions is being "proactive"? I do not think it means what you think it means.
Senator Coburn is going really hard on Sotomayor. He seems angry...
Centrum Gala Dinner and Auction will take place Saturday Oct 16- at Fort Worden Commons. Contact- . www.centrum.org
Haven't yet heard anybody talk about the network needed to support TV distribution, particularly as we're moving toward unicast delivery.
cum shot no face? I'm disappointed in you right now lol
yeah definitely ;);) hahahah NO
this is actually the first movie i have ever seen in 3D I am in the theater tripping lol
This is where I belong
M cheese curds!
Any way to get on RT : Russell Martin fakes getting hit for a base - learning something from the captain I see.
Yes! We love and too! They play 2 nights in SF, maybe you'll win a pair of tiks & catch a set... ;-)
Thank you for the mention!
who is u never mentioned her before. Lmao.
Tell me about it. And I live in Brooklyn. Takes me at least 2x as long to get anywhere.
#Badgers now taken in each of first four rds. of #NFLDraft. , LSU only schools with players taken in each of first three rds.
This guy at the grocery store just shouted " Smile! Smile!" at me. :/
If you bought those Skechers shoes to shape up your behind..you could be in for a refund. Go to the Skechers website to find out how.
#EightysWorld2. new video coming soon
I can't wait either!!! We might have extra bedroom!!
Why don't I have service in my own damn apartment?
Goodnight Dallas!!
I really like the hmo, Kaiser. Every time I've had a ppo things get too complicated, expensive and annoying. :)
I just watched nbc's new show, Kings, on hulu? New best show on tv. If they cancel it I will do them a terrorism.
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost
yesterday i was filming a movies now im back in my production office today
Today, Brad Pitt's movie "Moneyball" is out on DVD. Have you seen it? Record a review with QWiPS' iPhone App and share it with your friends!
thanks, i know, i'm awesome, i get it alot
Too funny. Saw a woman this morning w/a pair of peach color denim & chambray shirt. Looked great, but she was also size 0.
In 1967 (age 8, grade 3) I was chased thru PS 206, Queens, #NYC by a nurse because I wore slacks to school. I hid in a stairwell!
Believe me, i told her that i was talking to you and she's been smiling ever since :)
Everyone who wants to judge me u should just shut up
its about time! Btw, looking for comics season 1 of Walking Dead and I can't find volume 1 anywhere!
hope u can join us at
Yo, tweet overload today! A little bored on your morning off? lol. Do you ever get those spam tweets right after your tweets?
I bet would make a really good cody simpson love story XD
30 more minutes. Hopefully they go quick and I don't have to do shit.
Looking at me now, I can see my past, Damn, I look just like my fucking Dad
It’s important to honor another’s individual process, but it can be very powerful for others to witness your own unfolding.
Yes sir! FOCUS ON IT!
those are AMAZING coats
Haha. I have to find it. It's like he's stuck in the 80s and 90s. Smh.
Guys always wonder what girls are thinking... then we realize they are wondering the same thing hehe;) this could be fun:)
Feet up watching safe house
Print a Valentine on the library's Albion Press TODAY at 2pm in Book Arts & Special Collections (6th floor)! Limited to the 1st 100 people!
Can I deduct the amount I spend on my hair appointment from my taxable income? #taxbreak my hair stylist is making
Kindle book sales outsold paper copies last Christmas for the first time.
Whew, what a weekend! Beach, shopping, music, fashion, farmers market, surf, relax.
Screw the 10 facts I'll just do a "My Story" Video...
poster #1 (and 'art innovation bv' booth) interesting: hyperspectral imaging for works on paper as part of documentation
that never happens, Pam.
I asked God to resurrect me like Jesus and he did it twice #Happy Easter
I love painting my nails in the morning and watching
Thanks for the luv! Happy #FF!
Adele tour rider: "North American beer is NOT acceptable." , , : battle stations!
Lady Elaine Fairchild is the poster child for stage 3 rosacea.
don't mind if I do lol oh you wasn't talking about me
Check out our new Poll. What are your kids favorite brand of pajamas?
…✧ Got a Client to Train at The gym at 4 today ✧…
photo shoot today with
I think we're on the same page here.
bernier with brown as part of a package for Nash?
Keeping my fingers crossed and saying my prayers!! God is good, GOD IS GREAT! <3
Thinking about creating my own blog to just write what's in my heart and what God is showing me. :-)
Im not as cool with niggas , as i once was .
I feels xD
You can get as close as a conservator, but can you smell it?
haha you can do that while i do something productive
I like my drop shadows on the bottom left. It's always 4pm in my world.
He got secret gay lover :) RT RT Obama leading "war on traditional marriage" #RushLimbaugh who is on his 4th marriage
This is what I do. I take a picture with instagram and add the effects, whatever. Then I screen shot it to upload it later LOL.
New Adventures in Wholesome ghd Ageing - « Your Online ...
Hi Zaud, have you checked out the iPad app yet? Updated version coming soon.
thank you!! I needed that “ hold ya smile! Miami”
Choosing to ignore, i dont hit clark street wo the dream of TL. Wheres at? Maybe we should just patio marg..
really!? Oh I got lots to tell you in lunch tomorrow!
- this was in a box. I took it out to throw away because I have these albums digitally now. And it's still sitting here. :^/
Greek yogurt is a great breakfast item. Lots of protein and it's filling!
cards/cats fans are crazy. My boy is flying 4129 miles from Bethel, AK to watch this game
If you don't have no shape at all .. I mean at all wear a fucking poncho !!
I have a Halloween article for immediate release about a raffle to benefit BDAR. Wondering how I can send it along to you?
nm, he's here, just not voiced.
I miss you making me happy, cuz I am not happy right now.
Many times RT mediacommons… MT How many .. have participated in open peer review?
I'm going!
Need a new brain. This one's faulty.
Sotomayor cartoon: "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it."
Ohmigod. Bruce Villanche needs to stop punching up these speeches.
Wade with the epic fail
eh you just played into his hand, you should hire an editor or something
But wiping away a few thousand bucks on credit cards can add 100 points to your credit score
“If content is king, then conversion is queen.” – John Munsell, CEO of Bizzuka. Why yes, yes she is.
lol, thought about buying a micropiece cuz i like to support women plyrs-- saving $$ for barrage of imitation posts :/
Going to mommy's birthday dinner. :)
love you too(:
Thanks Brady!
Anyone know of articles or videos out there that give UX/design advice directly to the client layer of decisionmakers and not to designers?
Is it bad that the DVD player just turned itself off when I never actually turned it on?
Much love to all the Vancouver niggas out there fuckin shit up. Hold it down my niggas
Great ending to the Harry Potter series. Sorry to see it end
Thanks for the RT of our post on Nosal!
Im up early for no goddamn reason cause muthafuckas wanna come in my room and be loud 
I Love being at Home in the ATX..... Lond day saturday. I'm dj-ing at the heatwave during the day n Geisha room at night. Lets do this...
My 1st ever attempt at sweet potato casserole ☝🙏 let it be delicious!
follow me on Instagram ---> antonysoto I'll follow you back
Fun watching superbowl coverage. I'm homesick for Indy.
Just go through little spells where I withdraw a bit. Not as bad as I used to.
This weekend could make a big impression on the AL East
ok I thought you were done after vacuuming, I now feel wholly unproductive
longer than i would have liked.
New songs in the works...
Country musicians use concert to help Ky storm victims
I'll be very glad when the Search API is just part of the REST API and no one has to worry about differences again
just sayin hello, as a new follower! tryin to follow more of the namesake! keep up that great work!
When you say it like that, I don't know if I wanna try it. O___O #Yikes! lol.
i still ship cailey
If you stick with the people you always hang with then there will be no misunderstanding.
Hope you are enjoying your Friday!!!!
oh john, always so logical. cc:
dats cause you roll deep bro bro #imblackout lol
you know what I really want right now?
Tomorrow. Two very different shows! He Is We at Rocketown and Adelitas Way at Exit/in! Pick your poison.
around noon - my husband will be in to pick it up! Thanks so much!
In a good mood:)
RT : RT : New Google Maps project "Street Roo" - 1,000 kangaroos will capture 98% of the Australian outback in ...
you something else you need a hug... Lol
i want to know which county is not represented at UNC...any ideas?
Finally finished all the tons and tons of homework my teachers so graciously gave me
I wish lebron would start attacking, they'll foul and possible and one EVERY time
Just saw the Cat Dance on #sharktank. You should expand and have draw for your company. Sales would grow exponentially.
Have a safe and happy Memorial Day everyone.
New journalists have the hardest times with potawatomi, oneida, Wausau, Menomonee...ETC. We should start quizzing ppl b4 they hit air.
Talking about wedding planning with a friend makes me want to elope. And I'm not even engaged yet!!
Overheard from two tables over: "Boom goes the dynamite!!!"
all "PAKALITES" & music lovers follow for a hott blend of r&b, hiphop, Gospel, and more #www.intrigueurecords.com (r/t)
#alliwantis A more visual search engine...google is just boring! Http://tomorrowbook.com
Looking forward to sharing some great music new from eqlrecords.com Check out our website let me know what you think...
hello: would I know by now if i'd won those new delillo paperbacks you were giving away?
meh to each.
Gunna see Drake in like 4 hours! ;D
you are welcome. Your thoughts about #SoMe made me think about how we can truly use this information to move #meded and careers!
Sounds like really cool courses, I'm in the distance learning track :)
Some people call it "Money & Patience"... but it is really "balls & brains".
wow dude thanks for the invite
Everybody make sure to send some followers this way
seeing it live in person. And the crazy conservatives.
