you shouuld be able to
Going to the Cleveland International Film Festival at the end of the month? Stop in and pick up your Film Guide today!
Rose kills it with a three-ball
I'm so tired
Hmm, yeah. The man has probably not made an original film in a long time but most directors don't write their own material.
Nice shot! That's a big crew. Thanks for celebrating at The Lube!
I'm sure u heard it all b4 !!! Alls good in Morgantown ??
yah she better slay
haha same here! At least Disney is so close I can taste it!
It would be wonderful if they would just make a Prince doll instead.
Never see me out cuz I live in my work place gonna make for one awsome summer $$$$$$$
aw shucks
now that is captain Johnny Toews that I know. This kid hss thst Jordan thing awesome
I'm out
More news! : New tour dates are posted on our facebook page, and the contest to get 50% off our pre-order package is in effect until 3 Dec!
maybe :p
I'll pitch in...
“: #FoodTruckCourt today! Not only food, but artists too. Join us at Kellogg and Robert from 11.” we'll be there!
Indeed...even with T. Plush running thru the stop sign. Need to finish them off today.
I need something new pierced..
Many business owners don't succeed simply because they don't give it enough time. Are you in for the long haul?
Gonzaga was in 5 different clips during one shining moment. Pretty awesome. A team that could play with ANYONE in the country.
Just received invitation to awards night for Macy on 16th. We may have slight problem- have 2 be at school by 6:30p. Sigh.
i gave you my love to borrow, but you just gave it away.
*In the AS SEEN ON TV STORE* Me: "I've seen Justin Bieber on tv before! Where's he at?... OHH MY GOSH IT'S THE JONAS BROTHERS!"
Is anyone good at iPod/iTunes stuff that would be willing to help me?
I built a school garden with a 1st grade class today.It was amazing to hear their excitement for learning & see the team building
Perfect Love Casts Out ALL Fear. <3
Shoutout to ! Thanks for the charger homie.
Currently 9 for 9 in Round 1 picks..... but WVU is about to blow my perfect record :(
wow, that's all bad. I'd stay away from them too.
Congrats to White Sox Humber for pitching a perfect game !!! WOW
#UFC time with cousin
I never believed something in class could be so boring to make u fall asleep till now. Can barely keep my eyes open O.o
see u on the beach
Why did you unfollow me :(
I was one of the hot guys, right?
Must have both!!
Lol that was from a couple years ago.. I can't stop laughing at the ridiculous quotes
#SportsbizTrivia: This company is the longest-running Olympic sponsor.
After Glee last night I'm all about my 70s music right now! Hello Gloria Gaynor!!!
I would have loved to have spent the night listening to vinyl... Oh wait, I did :) Did you listen to anything good tonight?
Its rough biw tht we hate each other
Truth: rocks!
He went against the code hitting her. smh
Job Tip: You can only make a first impression once. Take the time to dress properly!
Preparing for our trip to Bukavu and Goma to work with #midwives in July to reduce infant/maternal mortality w/
I got hugs for you if you were born in the 80s?
Packing partly done, Kill Bill V1 watched. Next: finish packing, 1-2 libguide pages. Then another movie.
omg im having that right now too please follow me
With having over 8k followers the chances are small but I'd love to be the UK fan spotlighted at some point, I bleed blue.
Benjamin: "the health market doesn't work like normal capitalism. We need reform be b/c of failed market. Health care is a right."
If he only wants you for your Breast & Thighs send his ass to KFC
He is seriously the cutest thing I've ever seen!!!
how about macaroons?
Hey Natasha, do you still need some artwork?
Need a new computer. My Dell sucks.Power jack must be an expensive part cause they would pay 4 shipping it 3 times but didn't replace jack.
Song: T throw my telescope in the air sometimes...Singing AYYYYYO, I'm GALILEO :D:D:D HAHA
Favorite Adele Song: Rumor Has It <3
Finna go help mom set up this morning Ilove yu and hope that you have a good day at skool
Reading A Clash of Kings while baby sleeps but actually I want to catch up on some shows
SoundExchange Announces New VP of Communications - MarketWatch (press release)
yo ass make old school references I'm familiar with. U just know these things.
I hate this school at the moment
I think mb is the most best thing out
New UK sales head for Amex Global Corporate Solutions | Public ...
I'll show you next time I see you.
WWW.DMWILLIAMS.ORG : ALL NEW SITE LAUNCHING MONDAY!!!!!!
*shakes head*....I'm good.
I'm always a meannie
If today is Milwaukee day, then tomorrow is sort of San Francisco day 415. If that area code is still in use.
will do (:
I am so glad I don't have to shovel this snow. The crew outside really looks like they are struggling!
Melt in your mouth morsels of almond-flavored petit four cakes and assorted mini-tarts. Simply Delicious!!
I'm trying to catch up and know you are paying attention. Is the CTA plan dead in committee?
lol what? when? Silly?
sounds like Kafka! do you know his story "Josephine the Singer"?
#Libra's check out my last tweet ;)
Louis Tomlinson doesn't have a butt, he has either a bum or an ass.
ha! More or less said the people have spoken. Never made an apology
Cliff Pennington is going to be a top ten fantasy player this year.
Congratulations you have a girlfriend now. I hope your ass gets dumped.
Please show it.
Just uhh....yup! One of those days!! "Next time you break into my car I'm gonna have to tell the principal." haha! Jared got sassy
I like your attempt at bipartisanship!!!
u good?
I'm not focused. Let me pack
x factor say what what what what what what what what
its Andrew now is it? Makin' ya the favorite dishes... ;)
So excited for my son, he is going to his senior prom tomorrow night!
It is prosperity that gives us friends, adversity that proves them.
I'll give you one guess, and it's not a hangover 😡
hehe i hhope u follow me if u want(:
S/O to my new follower .(:
Thanks, yeah cool medal! I lifted weights last night, wth some cardio, trying to be patient. :/
Come downtown and feel the energy of this City!
what a bunt by Jose Reyes!
“ Retweeting every mention dont make you coo”
i wish someone could just make things better.
I don't think I've even seen your ass once this term
hahaha yes!! Ooohhhh and don't forget the hair flip!!!(:
Some of what we do is not good for kids.
cautiously optimistic about all. I wanted Perry so loved that. Loved the trading urgency w their deep roster. We'll see
love that my oregano from last summer is already back and available for cooking. c
When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace. ~Author Unknown
more than normal?
you make it too easy.
Prepping for tmw's Cookbook Webinar at 3:00 EST. Hope you'll be listening to hear about #chia and more
I love my job :) heading home from jc.
So what does one do after spending two years in the wilderness?
packing up!! Join us to watch the Spartans #BeatMichigan !!!!
Its such a compliment when people say I remind them of my mom. :)
i aint see u txtd me
You better hurry up. Only a few steaks left! Park at Cedar and walk down. Gary says it's ok :)
Jennifer Love Hewitt Flirts With Newly Single Adam Levine!
Omg my hubby made the best prime rib!! Fed the whole family on what one serving would've cost in a restaurant, and it tasted BETTER!
we gotta find a wizard to change him back.
they're still gonna be ok but nothing to be happy about so far
Schwabacher Debut Recital, Nadine Sierra. Stunning program, sad I can't stay for whole. Make sure to catch her in 2 weeks!
I'll just join a new league...
Who is your picture?
you make me smile.... I love apple juice!!
It's called: Ministers Do More Than Lay People
Gonesh is now on Google+ by the name Gonesh Brands! Check us out for more great deals on Gonesh products!
you and are so pretty! I'm jealous!! :)
Spent about 4 hours away from Knuckie tonite - put her in her crate during that time. A couple piddles but she seems ok now we are home!
I thought they already did haha
1 down 3 to go boys!
Happy Mother's Day! Mothers eat free today with purchase! See store for details.
shhhhh come to ny and we can remake other insane 80s bands with fingers and fruits
Im an ugly potato.. #301999 Im the one in the profile pic
Art is long, life is short. 芸術は長く人生は短い。
325 followers. Thank you. 👍
WORST COUSIN EVER VANESSA TORRES
C'est la vie
RT : Gayle Smith says MCC's work creates an incentive effect which changes the dialogue btw US & partner countries.
We're very blessed. (x3)
Why are the Dallas Cowboys called "Americas Team?" I’ll tell you why: it's because Cowboys fans are assholes, and assholes know no borders.
I'm suspicious of this discussion leader's motives. Lot of personal preference coloring his suggestions?
"Wonderful concierge! Great technology and attention to detail. Inspiring and efficient space." says about Thank you!
doing much better now. teaching animal science to the kids right now
The Egyptian revolution is an African revolution...about time!
CM Punk Vs Edge Vs Orton. Who would win?
So... We're walking around the grocery store and there's a little boy eating an entire container of sprinkles. Really?!
Watch me on KTLA Channel 5 starting a.m. discussing all things MJ and Conrad Murray.
i look so good, i look so good, without you.
Looking forward to that job creation in MD!
Little known fact: The franklinia is in the tea family Theaceae. Time to brew a cup! Have you checked out our ginkgo?
First Delta flight with the new economy comfort seats... I approve, Delta, I approve
Layin down a track with this kid tears it up
=P Ill Take that. =)
best part of the commercial
#kcAirdron - ha. About to board flight to Chicago to see my beloved let's go!
My mom just asked me, "when is Cinco de Mayo?" Hahahahaha!!!!
rhetoricians have been so constrained by definitions of deliberation handed down from Aristotle that haven't pursued alternative defs (2/2)
Cant please everbody DW. Just depends on what kinda day you had as to how you feel.
we'll get you some information about the conference. it was great. a lot of great speakers and sessions
"Kill the Moonlight" is my favorite. <3
who you coming to the show with?? :) have you downloaded our jams and learned all the dang words yet?
Welcome to #twitter !
This #NYC #deal is so tempting! Vaca? : March Out Like a Lion & book a stay w/us for 33% off now thru 4/5 using code SOCIAL
I'm going to Disneyland in 2 weeks. PLEASE be there and take a picture with me?!?! <3 you!
If it was, then I would defect.
Great Morning! Today is gonna be amazing and It's only 9am
EXACTLY!! ": #Capricorn may be a bit standoffish initially, but we are only analyzing you to see if you are worth our time."
follow back
When I read this Soror I LMAO & woke my man up. All I cld do was visualize that happening!!! Good Lawd!
Is this the book you just added to goodreads? I'm curious...
It's OK, Jayme, I can't get these stoners to ignore me now.
Heat beat OKC with Bosh Wade and LBJ finally back together
She sure does!
Fun to see & at yesterday. BTW - the flamingos rock! :)
If you could have covered one business topic in professional school what would that topic/subject have been?
if it helps I stood out in the rain for 40 minutes to high five you as you walked on the bus.
been a busy day of flying! M bdrm- made bed, Dh doing flooring in the girls rm, I cleaned in kitchen -dishes,floor swept, ds mopped
I will have a better idea as we get closer to the actual date of the party. Did you see the pic of my phone?
#MAHOMIES are definitely my second family! :)
It reflects poorly on when brands don't respond me on twitter and FB
this email quotes saying it's "a piercing psychological study of good & evil" funny…i don't remember all that.
I promise im never playing #blackjack or #roulette again
LMFAO all this time i thought you were in my class! Lololol
Could You Please Follow Me ?(:
Of course #MattForte has to put the offense on his shoulders!!
#NowPlaying George Acosta / The Lost World
how to cook everything, by mark bittman.
Is happy to announce the launch of our new Friday and Sunday discount program!!!
public engagement is mere theater if theyve already made up their minds.
Hahahahahah. Harry trying not to laugh when he says, "People goin' all the way, yeah, all the way."
u just wont act on your urges.
And I'm tits... I'm Ron Burgundy
Want to start Saturday night early? Beaucoup Bar and Grill has great specials until 8 including $3 margs and $2 mimosas!
Ah! I can't believe your Avengers character *spoiler*!
Great weekend ahoy! Date night, 9 miles in the AM, Walters Art Museum with Mom, & Caps/Rangers Game 1.
T-minus 1 hour until Pat McCurdy takes the stage at Bar Louie Water St for our Cinco de Drinko!
The refs are literally blowing the whistle before we are offsides.
you and me both! :)
that would be sweet! The pack is my only non chicago based team #GOBULLS!
How many more data left of school
Long long day. Up since 630 just got home. Getting things done ppl just don't get.
Once every 5 years
U and Dee are very inspirational on what family should be. Thanks 4 sharing ur lives with us.
Cool, imma add u back
Gr8 point! RT : People are busy. Make it easy for them to help you. Be specific, targeted. Do the work!
yea maybe lol
#CbusMarathonTMT - I finished the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon with 3:47:28 for an overall pace of 8:41 per mile!
There's a link to my imdb page in my bio.
if you want to help request my songs on and rate them, awesome!! :))
Is your favorite musician as a kid still one of your favorites today?
we're open sunday's www.licensetooill.blogspot.com
Good morning hope you have a great day ♥ (:
when i favorite your tweets im really favoriting your face
Dang!, I'm going to need a shape- up this weekend.... my hair gonna have to grow....
this last hour is gonna drag smh
Morning awesomeness: just LMGTFY-bombed
yea im in phase 2. Not in a hurry to find what im "meant 2 do", just learning talking listening thinking & waiting.
FLIRT TIP: 32% of men in recent poll say their biggest romantic worry is what to text to a new flame.
A Colin dark skin niggas wanna be like tyrese
I just saw this tweet Big Swede... LSU Alabama next year baby... at night... And it will "all be true"
Jsonline's is working fine for me.
Off just the way u are ♥
hyatt outside of the city. Are you here?
I friend requested u(:
RT : Last night became the first #Bucks player in over 25 years to have 5 blocks and 4 steals in the same game.
I see you're a member of the PTA
i have a blood donor card, i feel offical.
EASTER MOON WAS DOPE!! - see you guys soon! April 22nd @ PINKY RING @ BAR SMITH! - w/ AFRIKA BAMBAATAA
Homer Bailey is not as promising as Reds fans have hoped. Guess we will see how Chapman rolls.
Atleast it's almost Friday! ;-)
where , when , what time ?
aww she thinks about me <3
Grumbly grumble grumble cranky cranky grumble. I think that covers everything I'm likely to tweet today. I'm done.
it's cuz you sold out.
Agree.Surcharges are too much. The Mayor has directed Clerk to begin phasing out. Changes coming.
It's no fun when someone you're ignoring ignores you back.
lmao 😒 you know.. his new song !!
WTG! RT : EasyPark staff will out in Mt. View & Gov. Hill cleaning up! Anchorage is looking CLEAN! Keep it up!
This stupid bitch frisha bedda had put my letter in the mail.
:) rec Beach Blanket Babylon (2 thumbs up) & dinner at Little Italy (says YUM!). Any other tweeters have any fab SF spots?!
1938- On #Hitler’s birthday was the Berlin premiere of Leni #Reifenstahl’s film #Olympia, about the 1936
I wanna go horse back riding 2day. Any suggestions as 2 where I could go???
thankyou so much no better feeling than being noticed for your talent
thats funny, you and I have the same exact phone now :D haha
Is it not allowing you to RSVP because of that?
Okay. Thank you! Wish me luck...
Why OA color codes are confusing: I know there's some kind of color scale. I hear "gold" and think, "Sounds good!" But wrong damn scale!
Do what you love and the money will follow. - Marsha Sinetar
to clairfy: it = the city of austin
No RT : Can you be a grown man and ride down the streets blasting lil twist?
If I have time, I'm going to encrust mine with plastic rhinestones!
WTF is going on!?!? Junior Seau shoots himself? How long before we blame concussions and the New Orleans Saints?
If niggas would get our 40 acres & a mule like we were promised MAYBE we might act right.
Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death. -Buddha , We need to change our diet!
good what the hell were those two clowns thinking!
#overheard at #Communiversity "obama's birth certificate is fake!" so says a birther who stumbled into
Definitely proud of my cuzzo's and
Ray has his cast!
Thank You to everyone who we met at the Cavanaugh Briday Show this past Saturday & Sunday! We look forward to making your wedding special!
LoL, I didn't even think you'd see that since you don't follow me. But I'm just playing as well. No worries. :)
“: Driving to Garrett Indiana! Great show in Carlyle IL!! Gracias estudiantes!!!!!” GHS is ready for Justo mañana and Thurs!!!
Thanks, it's going great!
#NP " A city in Florida - Deadmau5 "
I forgot to tweet this,but on St. Patricks Day,everybody says their Irish.
#smnpchat in our org ED makes staffing choices, but board determines principles / broad stroke priorities
Lol Cory gotta chill
Can this day be over already? I'm ready for some of delicious snacks, one that is cold and Ink!
I LOVE Roller Coasters!!!
Good golley I do not miss public transit at all...
One person replied that meeting new people was one of the take aways.
should follow me back!
So after a full and varied day of fitness industry superheroing it is time to rest! Goodnight people of twitter!
That's still around? RT : Twellow is a yellow pages for Twitter says to build your network
everybody for any video or picture should be wearing a chicago shirt or bears jersey!!!!!!
We have the technology to make that happen.
no problem :D
Follow these people we love:
For Jazz Events You dont want to miss, Follow
I will tell him to call you!
Wish I had some moolah.
that farmers tan is so attractive
Sorry for your loss! I said a prayer for your family and if you decide to take a break from making videos we'll understand!
oh way funnier! I actually started to feel bad. Of.
HG3 was actually surprisingly good. I have to find something myself. Do you have Amazon Prime? Free rental each month.
congrats on acting debut
AUSTIN plz follow me
We're at for 's "Canned Acoustica" benefitting Two cans gets you in the door. Join us!
Lost another chicken to a fox today...
This certainly does suck.
Have fun w/ your crappy fan base in MIA that abandons you when the chips are down. Cleveland backed you no matter what.
Curious to see how potential copyright issues on Pinterest will play out. Keep us posted!
Heard on Vine Talk: 'In 2011, wine is the social lubricant'. Btw, show was on beautiful WA Chardonnays, including Januik!
Mad at the Indians. Not because they lost but because I missed Community now.
you made a good choice by going to Screen on the Green!
wish we never had sex now we cant be friends sex is always better when there feelings involved now i dnt hav felns for her
The popol vuh is so metal
We loved #CITEconf!!
#Executive coaching provides a highly trained listener that asks powerful questions 2 get 2 incredible life/work discoveries! Need #skills?
Can't get on your website. Comes up with an error!
No fingers down the blackboard now!
Awe god baby !! I'm proud of you (:
Say it isn't so :(
why should we chat ??
Starting up MMitK in April 2012! Lots of great chefs and locations.....stay tuned.
The Graduate School at Seton Hall and Oates.
Rolling power outages and the Super Bowl
Good job Tennessee! Great game to watch! We'll gettem next time!
Don't go corporate, Ricky ;)
First 500 guests to enter the Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival gate receive a free commemorative ticket for opening day of Summerfest !
I want some crab legs
Some agencies will agree to give employees subsidized workout time. You have to ask.
That'll be the day I remove my television. I'm not much for monopolies.
batman 4 through whatever number it on. My friends with Ipad have all of them. Kindle fire on comoxiolgy store only has 1-3
I love getting one-syllable emails from Cracks me up. Perf.
Would you like to save money on your prescription medication?
": Do something, anything, for someone you know cannot repay you today."<< I try to do this everyday! Hi Goldie happy Tuesday!
Dear sports writers, every article you right doesn't have to have the word "redemption" in it, right? RIGHT?
The trailer for A Walk to Remember has an American Online keyword at the end. Makes me remember how old the movie is
lists as one of the data providers to the
From our Geography Teacher of the Year: RT : "that's Milwaukee, not Wisconsin"
Meet/experience us at Kiosk H07 at the Bryant Park Holiday Shops, NYC now through Jan. 8, 2012. Great gifts and specials...Shea's the way!
Didn't nod off during "The Avengers," which is more than I can say for the previous two movies I saw in theater.
if he doesn't tell you that he feels different about "YOU" you shouldn't assume baby, but if you believe dat den
here!!! Come on outside and enjoy the sun!!
Tonight in Columbus at Bernie's! , The Up All Nights and As Seas Fell Silent. 9pm. All Ages. $5
This is just a test to see if you actually look at your mentions. :P
Adventures in over-caffeiniation.
Such an adorable picture, thank you and glad she loves her new Lazies! :)
it's actually Nawlage ft. French Montana
Let's get thru Wednesday, come on in
are you still available for lunch Monday?
What happened to #simpsonizerfamily ... Too much arguing going on... Really classy guys..
The past two days have shown me that our mayor can move heaven and earth for downtown and private schools, but to hell with everything else.
when u tweeted that I thought it said moron hahahahahaha
NO NO! I'm getting her first! 😁
i am doing the complete thriller dance tonight at retreat. that if cool dj moma will play the vincent price remix;)
so cool you're there. Keep the tweets coming.
Game last night?
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :) I love u
you ain't dancin' by yourself, bruthah. "I've been up all night"
So I think next year the Oscars should be held in Europe... two years in a row a non-American wins Best Male Actor category
Just make sure not to sleep with them, it hurts to take them out after that and your eyes will be sore! Hope you're well :}
Final brew today is Bigfoot. So awesome. Can't wait for the year round barrel aged version.
Oh, yeah. I forgot he plays Uther in Excalibur. He does do a great job.
"All I have seen teaches me to trust the creator for all I have not seen" ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm blown away just looking at the pictures!
Ali couldn't sign any autographs though. He is in terrible shape, could barely move. Very sad. True American hero and a class act!
Thank you!
There aren't enough "o's" in that... RT : ooooooooorrrrrrrr, you can tell us now ;) we won't tell haha
Good morning !!
she's still alive?
You should follow - she is brilliant!
I'm up early getting ready for an open house!!!
I'm so ready to get off from work!!!!
oh i haven't talked to him in a good minute. But il try to catch up with him maybe next week.
RT : RT : To the Fukushima 50, *bows* OSU, you are heroes to Japan and the entire world.
Thanks, ! Have a great weekend.
SHOT OUT TO FOLLOW them 4 FOLLOW BACK
Change in routine causes change. Looking forward to the new change. Just change one thing and watch what happens.
Great season boys. You're all winners in gods eyes and in our hearts
OMG THIS HAS MADE MY DAY!! THANKS !!! Nothin' But A Glee Thang with Heather Morris, Matthew Morrison &
Btw, yellow nails.
yes - that would be sweet. You game?
Great day for some west tennis! #TTOD!
If you'd really like to prove it, you would bring in a couple of Kringles.
I get worried when I see a Dead Prez cover, but I was def diggin that. Link a mixtape when you can. Stay up.
Failure teaches powerful lessons. “: I've failed over & over & over again in my life & that is why I succeed. -Michael Jordan”
#UMass lead is 72-69 woth 1:33 to play. Minutemen out of timeouts as #Temple full court press forces turnover. Temple to the FT line.
Thanks for the retweet!
go walk into traffic
I really had a hangover all day. 😔
hey hey u sexy, lookin forward to goin the the game with u!
All hail the new definition of sanity!
Happy Monday soccer lovers. How will you enjoy the sunshine today? Know of one pickup game @ Wallace Park at noon. Any others?
#cnndebate Do you think we can still afford to send 3.4 billion in "aid" ti Israel annually? And if so, how and why?
has record setting best July sales numbers ever! Come into South Hills Audi and get yours today!
isn't this everyone's last yr but PP?
Slap slap slap, clap clap clap. Slap slap slap, clap clap clap.
#DieAntwoord is my shit. Thanks to for the introduction.
The 'double up' feature on some video poker machines is 1 of only 2 bets with no house advantage. The 'odds' bet in craps is the only other.
God must especially love Fundamentalist preachers, Paleoconservative Republicans and the mentally ill, since He is all they ever talk about
Seriously, is anyone more corny thatn Kelly Tilghman? Give it a break!
God, family, and !
Bumping some #downtime this dude is sick..fellow instrumentalist!
May the 4th be with you.
The article in yesterday's paper by breaks my heart. Innocent children should not be dying!
“: Model franchise=Spurs. They represent team in the truest form. Pop/Tim are terrific leaders #NBA”
Your Welcomed! Find out more details about my campaign @ www.votehenrybrim.com Thx!
excited to pick up season 2 of #downtonabbey at the library!! YES =)
cc RT : SIX PENCE NONE THE RICHER IS BACK TOGETHER?! The dream of the '90s is fucking ALIVE and well!
We'll have our Fall & Halloween Pre-Launch Sale from (tentatively) September 20 - October 16.
REMINDER: Adrienne L. Martin will be lecturing on animal interactions in early modern Spanish lit one week from now in the Jones Rm at 4:30.
I am sorry to hear that the police have not been responsive.
oh wow... I'm still in LA (Pasadena)... my studio is in Glendale... I'd love to hear your new stuff... you have a site?
Road trip to see the Badgers at Illinois! Go Bucky!
We call it "Trade Winds" in Hawai'i... I guess it's called "Santa Ana Winds" in LA.
Back home now with a lovely new pedicure. I may look like a hippo, but at least I have pretty toes!
Man NY hurt that nigga JR Smith feelings lol
Updating programs. Doing estimates.
follow Back :D
im the same as you, busy but good. BTW I wanted to know if you would accept my #?
<---- Doing all of the things that I do not want to do!!!! 2012 .... AKA ... Designated driver ( On Prom Night) *Seeing Tings I don't wanna
You can also follow us on our individual profiles here: xoxo
Whattta dirty hit.
At for the 2012 CUE Conference. Anyone know if there's a hashtag for this thing?
#BounceThatAss is trending ?
Don't worry, we got you covered!
If I were rich, I'd just give em all a hundred and say, GO AWAY. Then, I'd get some sleep
naw im in the burbs...i might be out that way later..
Can't wait to get down to Indy Saturday!
Mitt Romney gives another name to two face.«««(#cartooncharacter) go directly to nut house do not pass go.
I have some utils which help run a vbox vm as a daemon on facilitized hosts. painful in its own way, but a nice alternative..
I have an iron deficiency I think I deserve some red meat.
what's that there? A delicious shrimp salad? That's what we call good livin'!
All that remains is your lingering scent
"Put A Logo On It" with over 800,000 #PromotionalProducts to choose from www.BNoticed.com
whatever!! It's still one direction!! AH yay!!!! Umm yes u are seeing me!! Whether u like it or not!! :)
Are you carring around the weight of your past? Confused about love & relationships? Do you want to be free? www.campaigntake6.com
pics up later?(:
I love that show. :) #mike&molly
Congrats! First time this year ;) lol
Dude is just Roethlisbergering the ball right now !! RT : Josh Hamilton is 3/3 tonight with 2 more HR. Uncle.
Wait... There is MORE THAN ONE Lucifer Box novel? WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME.
yyayy! Nikki! My blog is called Stop.Look.FASHION! Follow mee, u must have one. What's urs called?
NBC better renew #community for another full season, or else I will write an angry letter.
“What matters most is how well you walk through the fire.” -- Charles Bukowski
Thanks so much! Have a great week.
Still a good idea!
I'm like can ya give a nigga a warning?!
Damn i sho hate 2 go back 2 my old job
don't lie, you know you want to be twinsies with your future mister.
sneak a pic for us...I dare you
hahha no you don't!
well if it were not for that wind bag "inventing" the internet we wouldn't have Twitter!
#MadMen time!
up here in the north where we have snow....
My friends suggest that I join Triple A. I get their point, but who has time for those weekly meetings?
Ohh!:( i was like freaking out. If you did i would be extremly jellooo lolol
Be invested. Be human. Be helpful as if the whole company depends on what you say and do. -Liz Strauss
Customer: Are the bookends for sale? Me: Sorry, no, just the books. Customer: Why not? Me: We need them to hold up the books.
Apartment browsing is fun until I realize that the awesome places I find won't be available when I'm actually looking to move.
"One can live in the shadow of an idea without grasping it."
Welcome to Bangkok
This is my 9,000th Tweet. :-)
I was just called the Indiana Jones of the Internets. I love it - & I think it applies to the #glamwiki community as a whole!
Saw Lupe Fiasco perform.. for free. Fantastic night! 👍
Fiction, Non Fiction, Creative Non-Fiction...What's your genre and how did you choose? I think my gift is wrapped too tight!
Thanks for the like, Cathy!
My bud and I were just hanging with at the we got to chill in the Lincoln Room it was cool
ugh new years resolutions, best of 2011 lists, midnight kisses, ugh ugh ugh
Dude! You're still up?
need more
No, I only like a few of the maine's songs and I don't like any of the openers! Hopefully we'll see eachother soon though haha!
Always after what seems impossible
I guess I am in a state of "relieved shock" that this trial is over. I can't wait to catch up with everyone. Thank you again!
yea something about him says "after a few beers Im a dbag" not into his looks either, nothing about him wows me
Just smashed on some blackened chicken Alfredo na its tyme to roll up n pass out
you have a logical plan established. Go forth.
Getting ready to head to Waterfalls of Wellness's 'Community Samples Day', where I will be sampling my coaching services.
just got the demo uploaded to the site... click the ON button on the RADIO to listen - and tell me what you think!? =) drivethrustudio.com
so what u up to?
I'm ready to be Team
There was an NFL game last night? WTF, where the hell was I?
If for nothing else, I can be happy about giving blood today. That is really all I got...
have fun girl!
Come mess with us tonite at jazz and jokes, open mic for all.
Question #3: named what Pasco based company the #2 Energy Company to Watch in 2012?
Our first digital-born Qualifying Paper for our MA has just been deposited. Congrats to , truly excellent work
could be! And the blessing is realizing it :)
Haha it's all good summer isn't to far away if that makes you feel any better
I am so excited to go pee in my downstairs bathroom. Really. A handful of you understand.
Coworker at new job: "Jersey is awesome! It's exactly like Shangri-La. We got Indian food and shit." I'm still not sure what to make of that
Being a vegetarian feels great :3
thanks so much! <33
Film 101 and Advanced scene work classes are really inspiring. Great work last night and tonight!
Renamed wifey's digital recorder Kathy on my Mac. So when I'm done it tells me to eject Kathy. Tee hee.
I'm addicted to soda...it's just so damn god
dont forget to give a s/o to mr bouchie and elijah haha and carlos.
Pettis has too be careful cuz lauzon wings haymakers and has decent power but I think pettis will keep it standing and pick lauzon apart 4ud
It's Friday and the models are getting ready for the Glossy photo shoot today.
you have 3 minutes to get yo booty here so we can go to for a #fiercefitfab workout!
Ha!! RT : Waving at a random person to confuse them, and make them feel guilty they don't remember you.
WHY AM I STILL A CUBS FAN?! It's a family thing.
Bring your drinking shoes; there'll be quite a tab to take care of!
I hope she's ok!! Hugs lady!!
The Florida Wedding Expo Partners With PartyPOP to Offer this Weekend&#39;s Attendees Free Wedding Invitations
I know, you can get em next time you come over
Your always with me in spirit and will always play a major role in my life thanx conscious
we aren't trying to just "get followers" we really want to know our followers; we are human beings selling ties, not bots :)
Finalizing a couple of warranty deeds on some #denver real estate with
Get yo money stop worry bout that other nigga ##
Did u mean this for me?
"I'm sorry but that's what sluts do" lol
You never know how strong you are. Until being strong is all you have left
I got a lot of hope left in me.
that has more to do with Shapiro and the overrall mess at Miami.
T2: Other than Halmaka's post, have there been any objections from hospitals to the AHA letter?
Here in 3rd period history so bored #forever alone
At the Tactical Urbanism Salon here in #Philly. Awesome to learn with and others.
.....I hope that page gets some love!..still rockin it on my ipod.
Glad we all brainstormed, we should follow-up on some of the threads post-
at that last tweet >>>
My weekend's looking super sweet, both with Windy City Pulp & Paper and a pal coming in from St. Louis. Feeling pumped.
Tonight's hottest club is...Slinky. Stay tuned as I review this former fallout shelter now turned underground club & pet spa. TONIGHT!
Hallejuah! RT: It's a New Year but we still have some great old promotions. Happy Hour starts everyday & 4 on Fri
here. Look for me when you are done. I'm the old guy.
I keep gettin spammed its kinda getting annoying!!!
Now I want some glogg.
Roy crying is my favorite March Madness tradition. The onset of spring, and the annual end of his sanctimony.
and sew it goes, in savage mill, md! had you been? it was so cute!
mostwhen click twitter i check out who to follow an follow some; working real hard as fine art painter 8yrs,gut feeling,tell em 2 follow moi
RT : Have you checked out our new themes for the 5 Days of Techweek? Each day emulates a phase of the startup life cycle....
Homemade fried rice for lunch!! Yumm!!
Punk brought up the firings that's great.
Thanks for the support!! its appreciated RT : that cd is str8 . good music
Girls-If your not gonna suck it don't touch it
Didn't bring you this far to turn back. Keep going.
#nowwatching Fire With Friends at Garfield Artwork in Pittsburgh.
last day for the fall crop internship! Had so much fun with everyone, you all were awesome :)
“ Trying to lose weight during the holidays is like trying to stay dry while swimming.”
last tweet, epic fail. lol
because you got me one!
is the best....... listening to him right know (thus far)!!!!!
I'm thirsty.
Good morning love bugs !
Thanks for the follow and for the comment on YouTube! Located in Los Angeles. So glad you enjoyed 'Briefcase!'
Met a young anarchist storyteller @ the Welsh festival yesterday who told a great story of getting thrown OUT of jail:)
Lolololol RT : The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck.
hard to say at this point, I hope not ... u out in Indy this week?
Sorry but sometimes I'd rather watch college basketball
it's just like a toilet, they need to be flushed too. If you want to live in a barnyard, move to a farm.
Next project will be an electronic music-stage adaptation of "Run Lola Run" called "Dance Lola Dance" Anyone know anything about dancing?
New song up on our facebook! Check it out and tell us what you think!! <3 DC
Catch him on the court and he trouble, droppin triple-doubles!!!
Cocaine is God's way of saying you're making too much money. -Robin Williams
Wednesday is here! Live jazz and $8 Martinis at Salute Wine Bar & Cafe. 46 East Superior.
oh. Always.
nope, it sold last week. Sorry man.
Decision making actions must be realistically phased to insure a viable solution.
the commute is at least an hour each way. And I'm working overtime/bringing work home. Other than that, it's great! :)
RT : Remember, no #awcchat tomorrow b/c #SXSWi is getting started for host - next chat is 3/15.
- told my wife this morning that when packing them, I pretty much have to physically restrain myself from eating some. Can't eat 1
yup! My thought exactly!
Hi Kelsey, can I borrow one of the images from your #BlueglassLA post for a post I am writing? Will link back of course.
Vellee Deli's korean BBQ burrito is a must.
wurst case scenario
come over
*two faces(: Like you(: I'm kidding my love:af
So proud of you jay, I can't to tune in tonight bro I know you gone put on a amazing show god bless!!!!
Just got hind at around 4:18 in houston time eating a snack right now and my mouth burning brb
Happy birthday to one of the best cousins out there !! Happy birthday anth
What goes around, Comes around.
Please follow ! It's my another account!
Hey! We're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. We work with The Cab! Check us out? :)
it's very real. The guys behind Pinspire have a history of copycat businesses (eBay, Groupon, AirBnB, etc)
Damn, back on the morning grind... Good morning world... I'm still here.
Bought the Green Smoothie app. Can't wait to make something delish for brekkie. Think I'll get rid of juicer. Blender is all I need.
Moms made carrot cake ;D
My first ever group of students graduate from college in May- how lucky am I that I get to congratulate them on facebook?! :)
In da Kitchen cooking up code~~
both Leo and Johnny get hotter with age!
Chicago is invading Miami this week and we wanna hear your experiences. Tweet us your pics, videos, and meet up spots all week long!!!!!
Michael Kay + Paul O'Neill = best broadcasting partners in baseball. Go yanks!
hey there Doctor Stalker(; can you please follow me and make me smile, as usual? Much love! <3 143
The man is over as Hell. It was only a matter of time.
First Stop is the DMV
Mr Vick vs the Bear's D! What happens?
Man… might have to hunt down a few #mxpx cds
haha you need to go to bedd! you gotta big day tomorrow ;)
Tucson! Check out Club Congress tonight for some bass music! 9-2
Make sure to check your email today for a special offer from us!
Flu shot - CHECK!
Loved the effort by the boys in the second half, though!
Any salient differences between wet and dry cure for bacon? Want to try fermented black bean paste, honey, booze, things like that.
Brad Fitch getting things started at #GRC12!
Love the birthday look. You're so gorgeous.
just settling in with the new job. But I need some fun soon,lol
is the best
Be your consciousness, not your thoughts. If thinking, entertain thoughts of Love, Compassion, Respect, & Peace.
Weezy Video Takeover
Limobuses.com has rental packages to casinos, bars and nightclubs in our luxury VIP Party Bus! Call 619.225.8466 for details
pacers losing to the magic? how much that cleveland a couple weeks ago hurts now...sigh.
Agreed, with the caveat that much-overlooked rural transportation needs desperately need to be addressed.
hey, don't forget about me!
a bar, please let me know.
On Luray Terrace in NW Portland, home caught fire last night, man had to jump from a 40-foot window! some broken bones, but alive.
Kelley: Don't think of ourselves as lobbyists for your own group, stand up for all regardless of identity
IEPPal activity in 48 states and DC over past week! We hoped for solid start - but this was beyond our expectations! Thank you all.
Elaine Vassal: "I'm sure she's quite stupid, and in time, gravity will get her."
Nothing like Twitter/Facebook to help clear my head after early morning of freelance strategy-based work.
we would like to hear more about your story and career as a successful Latino
attention #charlotte and #wnc geeks - anyone know (or want to learn) SalesForce and want a full-time job? @ or DM me :)
he needs to pitch the 8th too.
Always nice to find out some idiot tried to break into my house last night. I hope I catch them next time
I strongly believe that was their intent. Blegh.
I want a love like that...
All I Smoke Is That A+
We're playing talent farm tonight! With some hot pop punk acts, might I add! :D See you there!
Thanks for reaching out! We'll keep you in mind.
Those feathers floating past my window mean the hawk has caught its breakfast.
the song is on :)
On my way to Nougatine with the girls for a bday celebration! Pictures to follow!
CANT WAIT 2 SEE ANOTHER EPISODE OF #LoveGames WANNA SEE SWAG BUT CERTAINLY NOT SYDNEY N JOHN DRAMA ONLY JUDI N JOHN ROMANCE
.. Honey. Today. I'm like a fart in a windstorm! ..I would be useless... today
Meeting matt, goin climbing, watching the storm
GM, thankin God for another day
I'm doing great, Lauren! When I'm not having #awkward experiences like today ... LOL
wow. forgetting about me already. I QUIT.
Can't wait till summer!!
Note to TV nets showing sports events today: leave an extra 5 minutes to cover the crowds chanting U-S-A U-S-A after the Nat'l Anthem.
Ha, thx!! RT : You all did great job with kick off. Wanted to say hi, but line to get to you was too long! :)
We Think You Awesome, Let's Follow Each Other!
There's a party in your bedroom all night long.
lol its ok! Check out our website on our info. It has our vids. Enjoy your day!
It's all part of my evil plot to mess with people's heads (and stomachs) BWA HA HA HA.
Monday & Tuesday = editing/mixing , Finishing up the single, & getting ready for
.."cuz i'm addicted to.........." love that song.:-) lol you BEEEEEEEAAAAST!
i herd attack attack is playingg
I want to catch you everytime you fall. :/
Anyone Who Cant Accomplish The Simplest Task After Age 16. Should Be Hunted Down And Forced To Read!
why am i hungry
Z for my #bikramyoga tomorrow :)
some of old lil wayne songs >
oh yeah, bourdain is the shit
Child or adult -- Slice is an equal-opportunity entertainer!
So excited for mon. Braces come off.
im asking?
A VIP of the Quitters family is finally on twitter!! Please follow the hilarious and talented miss !!
what is ur booking fees or how is ur schedule for June 24 and 25 2012 in Miami beach I know I am early maybe I can get a disco
in Chicago for the weekend!
thank you I wish you the same!
a little golfer on it - Buddy Hackett
Welcome to twitter !!! My all time favorite Wildcat!! You are where my son got his name, Trey!!
Hope you feel better!
to all you feoms, fellow latinos, and gringos out there... Happy Cinco De Mayo
That the Lakers lost by 29 points last night is awesome x a million.
RT Yes! #ivotedyes ": DONT FORGET Vote YES for the #SAGAFTRA merger #oneunion Send your ballot in today."
Why do most countries have only one Monopolies Commission?
PS - My RSVP worked for Monday.... I'm shocked, thought with my conflicting contact info they won't go for it. Not sure if attending
Thanks Ryan @ tenementmuseum for a thought provoking tour!
Welcome back to those who left! Madtown Munchies has resumed school year hours of 6pm-2:30pm Sun-Thurs and 6pm-4am Fridays and Saturdays.
. my LIPS like Sugar :)
Our football team is a waste. As if they can really recruit in SEC country? Going down will make students care. Play at City Park
This headache is killing me..
#BackWhenIWasAKid One Saturday Morning was THE reason to wake up early on a weekend!
It's Sunday morning, time to go to church. Na I'm just bullshitin', it's time to go to sleep.
Where the hell did Carl get $250K just to write a check with? For-Profit-Think-Tanking must be more lucrative than expected!
the early sunsets don't help either!
you're gonna need a heck of an afternoon/evening to catch up after that pathetic noon game display.
if stefano goes home i'll be tempted to kick ryan in the balls. :) js.
you go girl. Congrats !!!
I believe that we will win...repeat...
did you Skype yet?
Wow! Check out the new design of STARS, the USTA's Online Stallion Directory! stars.ustrotting.com
sweet! Idk bro, we just got offered it, you should hit up Skarappys asap
#Florida #Gator and known homosexual Mike Rosario () set to become first openly gay student-athlete to play in
I pretty much hit on that one, took a sick day today and tweeted about throwing up in a round-about way. It is what it is.
Made vegan banana-pear muffins this morning.
On a replacement bus from Johnstone to Central Station. X77 just overtook the bus. Conclusion = get bus to Glasgow
were is he going???
I know my mum said mayb she doesn't know yet!
hey Chris big stuff happening. Let's connect. -Kyle
Must also come with a vehicle to carry all the sh*t.
still room on the band wagon
": We should all go out tonight. Do you guys like light jazz? I know an amazing elevator."
the funny part is I used to be a 2 pack a day smoker. Ugh, I can't believe I smelled like that.
Darn, I was saving up for a Kinkade painting, now they'll probably be out of my reach......
It's going to be a great day, just saw Leslie crossing South Congress, haven't seen her in over a year.
うん！面白かった！Very good English! I loved the Metal Gear ringtone.
hey - nice to meet you. Hope your doing well
i hope is ready to see me this weekend :)
~you should follow your own advice in this post. you put her down many times, yet praised others for doing the same thing.
have fun!:)
View the new Avenger film late Friday night, May 4, with comic legend Stan Lee. Don't be miss it. Get your Catalina Film Festival...
RT : #Pisces are natural born leaders , but they are also great team players!!
We're thankful for beer. How about you?
#GOP doesn't believe in smaller govt. They believe in consolidated govt. More power in the hands of fewer people. Example =
?Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people
:/ not Cool
You know. We're like the Borg, we all think with one mind.
Live for something, or die for nothing.
": RT : A defunct publisher will not care about out-of-print books #il2011". Ah ha. My refrain...
Oh no, hope you got your 2011 Burning Man tickets as they are officially sold out! Look out for counterfeits if you are still lookin!!
Just drew a reddit alien for Draw Something with a friend. She passed on it and her next drawing began with, What's a reddit?
Chillin at the tennis match with and
They could do it, there would not be as many spectators, but hmm maybe there would. I'm gonna throw an Archie/WWE b-day party!
hey im alfred, watz ur name
♀IT Takes ~BOTH~ Rain & Sunshine To Make A Rainbow♀
Roger Goodell thinks he's the president.
I hate when I leave for school early or on time and end up at school late...
Same.Not sure sitting by will work though RT :Really disappointed with things at school, but trying to let others fight it.”
I did too!! Arg
Sad to say I dropped the ball on gig promo this month on Twitter. Remedied for April! Fun SXSW for you? Am glad it's over!
Waiting to give a presentation is far worse than giving a presentation
#beerandbrats tonight at the #AlumniHouse! Join us at 5 to grill before the game!
I'd recommend historian Barbara Tuchman's Practicing History: Selected Essays, even though the focus is not strictly US.
We found love is on constant replay in my head ....
THIS IS A OFFICIAL BLOG OF MJR RSS FEEDS BUT THIS IS ALL TWIITER/TALK
If you're going to STAND IN LINE to vote to prevent someone YOU DON'T KNOW from getting married, you have way too much time on your hands
It's a fresh, open-eyed experience with all the outlets! Twitter wasn't as popular in 2008!
we don't have tickets yet but assuming we go we would stay down there.
That made me LOL. ;)
Thank you #ChrisRock for making it real.
how was ur day
Old blue print. Expect hand outs. Well, they're not going to give it so you'll have to adjust anyways. You may as well do it by choice.
Thanks for the retweet!
RT : 's smash-hit novella "Seattle's Best Dive Bars" is now available on iTunes: bit.ly/oZcV71.
my annual morning chicken biscuits with , really get my day going.
Is life so tough it makes you want to eat very unhealthy cuisine? Just keep trying to do the right thing by eating yummy greens & proteins.
o stop it, your the beautiful one
Go cry in a corner u bitch :(
Twitter. WHY U NO WORK?!!
Thanks to all who participated in today's iSeminar! Have more questions? Contact
YES. i did it, and then ended up crying like 5 times at dinner. but it still looked good! it really is
Ah, Levon Helm. "Up On Cripple Creek" still one of my earliest music memories.
& ! That might be too much brain power for me! Looking forward (hoping) to see you both tonight at
i wish i could watch this ahahah
Coworker: You act?, Me: Yes., Coworker: Did you have to makeout?, Me: Not while I was acting, but I've made out with other actors...
Its time to take your chips&cash em all in cause it matters where youre going not where u been, say hey, goodbye yesterday-
Who is this girl someone please tell me
I Wish We Never Did It And I Wish We Never Loved It 😔
Me, Denise, and are learning how to tie a tie from Mr Eyerly. This is entertaining lol!
Couldn't agree more! RT : Don't be afraid to ask for help :)
I hate scam artist
“: Senior Skip Day tomorrow?! #please” YEEEESSSS
MT : web archive users are pleasantly surprised but also confused by amount and choice of content inside
At the Bend The Arc gala, honoring fmr White House advisor Van Jones! Thx to the Jewish Partnership for Justice for a great event!
Taking my absent kids' Mom to farmers markets for Mother's Day #2. Day #1 included a wonderful Villa Musica Cabaret show.
I will turn off the professor in me and act like I didn't read that. Faculty shouldn't put word limits either, to be fair.
Go tell em its a homicide....
enjoys all beauty in life, you should follow him if you do too!
Fahrenheit is crackin. Good luck getting in
Sophistry is about deception. I don't tell lies. You object to my stance against pejoratives enough to besmirch my character?
Thanks for the mention, Anne!
DeVito says he was "glad" #Jets got Coples and as far as competition, "it's all about what I do ... we can teach each other."
"I want a boy who will watch RuPaul's Drag Race with me."
What's up bro. What you have going on man.
Saw a wonderful film tonight at the Cinema Society: Starbuck. Watch for it.
I finally got on my PC and followed back some folks who had followed me. If I missed ya give me a shout! (It's hard to do from my phone)
Take them to the Smithsonian!
your the dummy shut up
All military personal or military geeks should see Act of Valor. First time active Navy Seals with live amo in such an epic film. Hooyah!!!
D I am sorry
in in Memphis but Nastyville for the weekend lol
So far so good today. Woodchips, mortadella casings, check. New ramp stash, check.
Hey Curtis, thanks for the follow and for passing along my "Hardest Question" post earlier.
Let me remind you again I say what I feel you dont like it the Go buy a kite and go fly it.
From Susie Wargin: Heading out to interview UFC's Dana White.. got any questions for him or Rampage Jackson?
Hologram Pac was cool but it still isn't DETOX!
Fail. I left off my list of thank-you's for yesterday's Thanks, David!
visionorg Priests to forgive abortion in Pope youth festival
Pro-Gay marraige forever
A little attention, doesn't hurt...sometimes
crazy is what a crazy does yeeeeeaaa!
passed all my OGT's ^_^
was shooting Eva Longoria's younger sister and her model bf.
Our Hero will always be on our first page.
Back in NC getting ready to go cheer on my Tarheels tonight!!!
Can the #chiefs just admit battle and mcclain are our best rushing options and give them the ball. 3 yards is better than negative yards.
I do not know what that means, but yes, I do. Do I get a discount if I order them in bulk?
a new summer, another day spent reading philosophy far from home
“: Bitch always on twitter pillow talking .”
Thank You Gallery Artists
what place is closing?
embarrassing that KU/IA ST is not in HD, but Central MO/MO Western is...
RT : RT : Are you going to the #SoMeAwards tonight? If so, just RT to let us know!
Even rich people have clutter. LOL!
People make plans...and God laughs!
FSU/MD games of your youth offered 40 point final score differentials
nice profile Monica! Sorry about the game today. Looking forward for Euro Cup in 6 weeks
I'll probably be around. Glad someone's reading them.
Get Melo back in this game before it gets outta hand coach
im moving up
Thanks for the follow -- great platform.
Great list Curt! Several of my favs - Ella, Kenny Burrell, Louis Armstrong, Thanks!
Everyone in my life is losing their fucking minds
Gravity always wins.
Womp womp. Going to a frat rap show tonight. Or is it, a frappe show?
It's certainly the first film to end with *spoilers* a link. A brave new cinematic world.
Thanks for tweeting the LI post--yes, URL claiming is a good one!
Who is happier? Mississippi Valley St or Louisville on making the tournament! LOL
“: The people at papersource remind me very much of the bookshop women in portlandia” bahahah
that's wht happens when u get up early & stay up late! The balls n ur court let's play!
Impromptu lunch with
go there haha
Have a great week everyone!
SHOUT OUT at GETBLASTEDNOW we're ALWAYS LISTENING to POWER
call now
Thank you!! Thanks for coming out
Live at capers
I'm sick now DAMN ROSE
Now delicious is nutritious too! WHO NUU... Who the hell would want a healthy oreo, they're perfect the way they are!
Just started a Run. 63 °F, 4mph W, 94%
Ditto! RT : Got dinner reservations for the night we see Iris and Nathan in NYC. Can't wait!
Sorry I missed this RT Author Jonathan Bloom discussing his book American Wasteland tonight at the Central Library:
Listening to Kent Williamson talk about the new #ncle national center for literacy education.
That's... really cool actually.
I need to lodge a complaint against a parkng enforcement officer. How do I do that?
Watching Source Code. I'm not sure yet if I like it or not. Really not a fan of Jake Gyllenhaal, but it's like a modern Groundhog Day.
“: They say if the money dont change you u havent made enough ......” my nigg goin fa dat #RealestShitOfTheDay honor
why are you just now following me on twitter.....
Eleventy-eleven! RT : Today is Day 1,111 without a budget from Senate Dems. And Day 283 since S&P downgraded our credit rating
Corner of Diversey/Sheridan so windy that hats are blowing off; stray leaves flying 6ft in air; what a sight.Be safe and dress warm!
follow before she commits!4
I just noticed that the Twitter web app overrides the URL bar @ the top. Curious what you think of their approach.
RT : What matters to Buddhists is life, just as it is, here and now.
The storms will rage, chaos will be around you. Inside you can remain at peace.
I was an undergraduate when I made my first attempt at a novel. It rests in its place of honor at the bottom of my steamer trunk.
Swole I missed snl but today was cool
real shit we on that bro
What's going on with all this stuff about Rushers not liking 1D hosting the premiere of Big Time Movie???
You got it!!
here in the studio setting up with sweeney and tomcat baby! kickin off here in 15 minutes so stay tuned
TOO SOON.
I've been dragging down for the last hour
awesome thanks!
This is the mere reasons why I wanna get out of high school.. College people are real. HS people are fake!
They told me no, I reversed it, I'm on.
A bitch would tell you how beautiful you are but someone real will show you.
in a zombie apocalypse situation, never go anywhere dark and never go alone
Everyone at #RIT stay safe.
Listening to shed try and tell jokes..
Thanks SnaggerTown for your hospitality today and being the Great Place to Work leader in Richmond VA
Ahh my procrastination has hit an all time high...about to start a 4 page paper that I have no idea what I'm writing about...its due tmrw.
The best thing about saying that to a sports ignoramus is I'll now utterly root for the Cubs since it's all I know ;)
A4 #CMchat - have passion - stick with it - talk to EVERYONE who can hire you and understand that "no" just means "not right now"
bras that have the hook in the front (;
RT if you want.
had to cancel Lonnie/Ellen Mosley Thompson's visit to our area. Lonnie recovering from hospitalization after Peru research trip.
I hate waking up for work!!! Lol
there's final cut pro, avid, and imovie does okay for basic stuff
Sometimes I wanna punch people in the face so that way they remember me..
Great time meeting at Access to Experts.
Finished a bunch of mixes for Jon Finley's new album. Working on the new Skyway Fitness Video. Busy Busy.
Thanks for the support guys! I know we haven't been shouting out as much.
Because Of #MyPastRelationships I Have Trust Issues .
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
Darryl Sutter with the personality of a rattle snake ha
Headed to San Diego Pride!! Launch begins tomorrow with parade and red carpet meet and greet!
Mr. Crow might have a point. It did take me this long before I saw it.
Nice move by #Rockies CarGo ... shocked #Mets with bunt single.
Can be used for screenplays, too, if you want to pen another in the $$$ Air Bud franchise.
I'm good, what's up??
Does not matter...you are 100% beautiful!
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide, Ring My Bell
I'm a beetle to these young kids, sometimes _ I be feelin' like a needle to these young kids.
bobs... So appetizing
mr .know it all think u know it all but dont know a thing at all hahahahhaha luv ya cuzin <3
LOVE THE BRANDS LOGO!!!!
Who is going to the concert in Orlando?/
I have big dreams for myself. I just hope I can reach them.
I Like Those Direct Tv Commercials "Dont Sell Your Hair To A Wig Shop"
Thank you! We very much appreciate it!
Love these! I may just spend some time playing around during my vacation..
It's Sunday!
I just had it on beef hot dogs. Last night, a Gyro w/lettuce & cole slaw & meat. Yesterday, on a boca burger.
love it! Please send some to Miami!
That was a RT from it cut off the RT!
Dude, if i agree with you, we'd both be wrong.
One of Hemmings descendants was the first black legislator in CA.
NEW WEBSITE IS LIVE! Check it out www.trevorthepetguy.com
Both. And online stores. And Etsy. And consignment. And vintage. :)
Life's a bitch, rape her.
I immersed myself in pop culture and divorced myself from institutional education at a very early age
The fact that right when Audrey leaves we start texting each other.
lmfao bestfriend your so mean :c
i tried the 'pic in the bathroom mirror' and realized that that isnt me #whydogirlsdoit?
they say love is the key, somebody changed the lock..
Summertime by Joplin
oh crap it's Monday! Sorry... I blame the president
That is a good idea. Thanks for bringing it up!
Anything that's worth having, is worth fighting for
ill whip out my drumstick n make your eyes bleed! i like rainbow sprinkles on my icecream pie! lets do the banana split on da dance floor!!
Gingrich #Dodge 99 weeks is an associate degree, but what is the answer? Work is Good? What if there is no work cause GOVT KILLS JOBS?
"You fckr- those were my last two eggos"
long day. TO INTENSE TO HANDLE
haha, oh I'll be ready. Look at my preparation: snapback, a muffin, and a double cupped coffee. Step your rehearsal game up, bruv
Alright - show me what you got!
#SwampPeople make me embarrassed about being from the south!
RT : Kings of Leon is more concerned with booze.
Congrats to on reaching the NIT Semifinals! It's going to be a fun week in NYC!
die hard tarheel fan (havent missed games since 92) & young d3 head coach..learned a lot Watching u best of luck u deserve it!
No one in my family appreciates this expensive, fancy chocolate bar but me. THANK GOODNESS.
WOOT!! ~RT : Up on the roof of KING 5! Enjoy the sun today. says the timing for the weekend looks great AGAIN!
I follow ur NBA posts, and I invite you to follow me & my Celtic's blog.
I think I'll be at the Allegro Hotel for NeoCon. My phone: 330.283.3999
Have you had any issues? RT : I did
Curt Rosengren has us doing exercises to see what Drains or Gains us. He is the Passion Catalyst.
Finally leaving the art studio.
One thing accomplished this Summer. Finished the campaign part of Modern Warfare 3.
#Obama2012! RT: It’s rally day. Are you fired up? Because we’re ready to go. –mo
Happens to me all the time!
Calling comedians or funny people. We need t-shirt ideas! We work on commission, let's create some funny s#@*. (shirts) SpotlightTees.com
Friday is bartender appreciation day! Come in and show Ross you appreciate his hard work slinging drinks!
Thanks for the Follow!
I totally appreciate and love your trip posts. You'll be changed forever, as I was. Enjoy the journey!
and I don't know if I'm wearing my werth jersey or 1 of his shirtsey.
I'm good.
RT ok. i don't care who wins. But ,,, Jessica has the most range. // also, she is a San Diegan
my phone is stupid it wont let me see my mentions
THANK YOU for all you do DF and staff to help those in the cancer fight!!!! LOVE all you guys and GREAT to see everyone!!! :)
Dan Rather's media literacy tips: Many of the first things reported will be untrue. Give yourself some time to form an opinion.
Homesick #indyisthebestcityever looking good on big screen
Giving the show Workaholics a try on Netflix, first time watching it. This show better be good. (cc )
Yu darvish was masterful against the Yankees last night.
I'm watching you. You best watch your step, or might be in the making.
Beautiful photo!
Why can't the trend just be like 20 things I love? 100 is way too many.
last two days to get tickets to see us and at the house of blues! get at me! only $15
Not even at the airport yet, and already a 40min delay. Awesome!
Our new website launches later than hoped, Aug. 1. Check back then: midtownbaltimore.org
Very true! Still have a hard time converting & I use the metric every day. We're kinda on our own program in the US haha.
these abs love u!! :)
Guests from the Y at & are here to talk about the new Miracle Field coming up next
I will go out and do a dance for the Sun Gods. Back yard where no one will see me.
*wipes tears of memory away. Sings we are the champions loud and proud"
Wake up people!
Miller is piss beer.
cant believe she let me fall off the bed then gon wake me up with that loud A music smh
The only value on Diamonds is the value you place on them. You can collect polished rocks for free. De Beers Corporation tricked the world!
no he been out
Twitter > My Job
Aw, my 9 year old brother is obsessed with Nicki Minaj :')
Come on #CUSE its jugular time! Stop toyin w/ this scrappy little team n put them outta their misery!
why are you hiding from me?
I am watching Fool's Gold; Kate Hudson is delightful in her boating outfits.
Its funny that the moment I read that, I thought "Yeah, that's Annie alright." Haha! Small world.
I believe I said that before
just had #twitterlessStephen take off her nail polish for here
Chuck with the #theraflu reference lmao
me too -_-
OH "It's Cinco de mayo bitches," followed by drunk guy trying to say all the words he "knows" in Spanish.
We are doing great things with and
doubles down the left field line in the fourth inning. Wieters followings by driving in Nick Markakis, making it 3-0
doubt if its even close to red...
<3 <3 <3 Love my Blazers =D. Now I'm watching the tourist....love <3 Johnny Depp too!!!
Thank you Eliza. Same here. :)
going to be in vegas tonight 9pm......whats up?
so i look dangerous?X)
"Changes" by Bowie just came on shuffle. Next song: a cover of the same tune by Seu Jorge. Is there a poltergeist in my ipod?
Can't help my soft spot for <3 's brother is friends with andrew who does their merch !
Just received my THIRD simmons closing email :-) not to mention the VM and SMS...
my kids are excited to go see tomorrow night (the bookstore event, not the 21+ show, that is). 5yo:"that's my dream!"
this just makes me love you 10x more!
Shout Out To You.
open really for June July Aug thirst events. We could do normal thurs evening, or mix it up- daytime weekend??
need to know if they can begin their focused efforts on getting her to notice them. This is all speculation, but yeah.
you're one of my favorite do-good organizations, and your a regular go-to for me!
he has played, and got ran off by DNELSON, then he is a t wolf and cant play, that is on him not teams dude wants to only shoot
"This word was not found in the spelling dictionary."
It's at 40th and Butler st. on Arsenal school fence.
lol, you are a hoot! 2 sticks of butter!
#really maybe it's his 7th cousin???
thanks for the interest, did you have a chance to check out I'm interested in what you're doing.
Looking some people in the Portland Wedding Industry interested in making extra money. Email .
Same here.
Who is hitting this weekend? ? ?
Been sleeping a lot more than usual lately but could SOO go to sleep again right now
Im traveling on amtrak this friday Im looking forward to my travels
Tell her that bitch im a rapper and i did my homework, and im not smoking shit but spitting it :)
sure thing!
you are definetly not alone. I will send u a free resume review guys contact info later today
um ok then
Profiles will be coming soon, we hope. A lot of balls are in the air.
laptop. I need the portability first but may build a desktop later this year or next year for heavier-duty tasks.
Got my vanilla latte and my iPad, doing work
if I can recall we have talked before, I think when you was in Mexico,???
Glad my PT was still coming out here. A little old asian lady in her 70's @ least. Everytime I run past she goes RUN! GO, RUN! Shes awesome!
#Padres need to get Matt Antonelli
that is debatable #lolol But okay darling<3
NOTHING is worth this losing what has been built here.
I wish you a very happy and peaceful Eid ul Adhaa.
…✧ Wiz is My favorite artist.. I'm getting the Cover of Rolling Papers tatted on me ✧…
Wide enough editorial range, Gawker? #fail RT Saturday's Supermoon May Not Destroy Earth, Will Still Ruin Your Night
from what I can hear, the stereotypes list is going to be both tragic and hilarious. can't wait!
Steak wrapped in bacon...? Yumfuckingtastic...:/
Not looking forward to the detox Sunday. I need a work from home job
Our love for #Israel can live on forever through the seeds we plant today for coming generations. Are u ready 2 join r global effort???
have fun wish I was there
Speeding home from work to see my sisters STEP!
yes, yes thank you - you too! Thnx for the links
Free my lil bros marshaun and jamontie I my niggas in there goin through it
Food & Beverage Professionals! Visit/ski/learn!-Denver's #chefscon Chefs Conference, "Building Your Restaurant Name" Speaker: Gerry...
Your crazy it went by super fast!!! :0
havent felt this good in a long time =)
I think I'm more drunk then the 21 year old already. "everytime it's someone's 21st birthday I act like its my 21st birthday!@
Happy Mothers Day to Moms everywhere!!!
In a coop, they abolish the pecking order.
Beads? RT : What does a girl gotta do for some ice cream?!?
What impact will higher education funding have on university finances?: Following the Hefce funding announcement..
What is taking so long with the James Neal verdict? His hearing was @ 10am w/ Brendan Shanahan. Arron Asham's will be by phone at 5pm.
what color shoes you wearing?
Still in the very early stages but will let you know when we get anything out there. :)
Had a pretty "Happy Administrative Day" card on my desk this morning.. How cute :)
it looks great and real clean! good job!
is the show cancelled? I'm confused, only 3-4 shows, then nothing for a month! We need more Fear Factor holmes.
trying to study and cover 5,100 years worth of history is like impossible
Worst part of THE AVENGERS: waiting an hour and half before realizing I was in line for a sold-out 3-D showing of THE LUCKY ONE.
Memorial day weekend camping cancelled. We bought tixs to see at the instead! Hippies inside instead of out!
If your on a mobile device it will bring you to the mobile site. Get the full effect by going on your pc
Playing with the full band tomorrow afternoon at the Buchanan Dam Beach Club from 5-9pm. Come have some fun with us!
Cool site !
