I really don't want to go to class today. Ugh
There's a likelihood they still make it with a different name that doesn't make it seem like Aqua Man's.
you are hard to find at catalyst.
Ford rescue concept truck pressed into service to help tornado ...
Would have been good if I was in the market
i SAY THAT BECAUSE #00MF TWEETED: i L00SE MY ViRGiNiTY AT 14. i WAS LiKE #WHAT? THAT D0NT MAKE SENSE!!!!!
You'll like the book I'm finishing. 4 teens climbing Everest, two of them boys plus a teen boy Sherpa.
Rehearsals start this week for the Evanston Symphony Orchestra. Liszt, Schubert and Dvorak are on the first program.
my best was my Dad & Mom not spending money they didn't have, my worst was seeing my mom's tears.
you forgot me :(
this luk like a 2k game
we can leave it at good day.
nobody wants you when your down and out....
like mine?
I have to be honest with you coffee. Sometimes I question wether or not you really want to be my friend.
Smiling is my favorite exercise......
When you bend over to jump of the block and your suit splits #uhoh #tellmewhyipaid300forthissuit!
I'm just so happy to see one of your tweets, don't care if that sounds dirty
(The Price is Right fail music plays)
hello! What's up? :)
aww noo hey lets have a conversation on twitter? That would be amazing (:
Greenerprinter.com online printed products very reasonable pricing and practicing a green manufacturing method that is VERY imressive.
LMAO I LOVE THIS WOMAN SO MUCH
#nowwatching Say Yes to the Dress
I wish I had a dad.
who wouldn't want my life . Its fucking awesome
Check out www.artforransom.org and stay tuned.
Metta has the chance to show some class with an apology to Harden tnight, instead he says "he doesn't shake reserves hands" - Not surprised.
Saruh sucks at telling me pick up lines.
#CIO Quote of the Day: "I feel like I’ve come full circle right back to end user computing"
yea it was and my phone broke dnt have the number
I thought the filmmakers brought to question their own unbalance representation of the story.
#CLIPPERS GAME DAY!!! Game #7 & Clips in Memphis 10:00 AM on #ABC or listen on KFWB 980 AM.
Wow Barcelona had a top 10 play and Messi wasn't involved
I suck at lying :3
The police department needs to foster trust with its citizens to change things. Treat your community well. #Baltimore Major Russell
that and black hookers. but mostly black hookers.
Just whatever you do, don't open the bedroom closet. I'm trying to get some z's. And I'm loosening all your heels.
Creme brulee! Couldn't pinpoint it until just now. Cracking the thin shiny ice that has formed on the snow - like cracking the burnt sugar.
Protein shakes are so god
slept all day and had fever dreams, godamn sickness, its always March that does it.
In remembrance of 9/11 we will be recognizing a day of silence. There will be no posts from us tomorrow. Back on the 12th. Thank you.
we all have past... It helps make us who we are today
u got a new single u pushing?
GUYS, DON'T GET TOO EXCITED FOR THE 1D CHICAGO SIGNING. IT MIGHT NOT BE TRUE. DONT GET YOUR HOPES UP JUST YET.
Forever, and ever, the scars will remain. I'm falling apart. Leave me here forever in the dark.
If you're going to regress, might as well do it infinitely.
i may or may not have had a cookie for breakfast. i'm just saying. that might have happened.
lol dude ima beat u up now
Just ran into my pal at
Why hate people like !! If you dont no the real them, just what people say bout them ! Than your a
"Felicia only likes basketball because she likes balls between her legs." lolol
Smart placement - full Spanish AT&T ad runs on English ESPN during #ManchesterDerby halftime.
Mike Mayo is an idiot. Break up the greatest bank franchise ever? CITIGROUP? What is his issue? And News Corp.'s Fox News?
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 28
IM SO SORRY AUSTIN! ))); holy crap I'm crying. She's in a better place now.. #RIPAngel </3
I know at least 10 people who have become OBSESSED with these cookies in the past week. Cookinsanity?
Thx4 following me. Everyone follow #FF. We disagree often but the more opinions the better.
caan u give me a shout out for my burfday on saturday :) !!!
I'm so mad I didn't stay for finals... #grr #could'veran
The extra B is for BYOBB. That extra B is a typo
over time, you realize that life throws more than just curveballs. it's all about the adjustments you make as the game goes on that matters.
Turning my phone off so I don't say something I'll regret.
Thank you for being there. <3
lol. Just like everyone else?
and still no video reply :(
RPT-Sealy loses perch as rivals tap into Boomers' health fears
RT : Thanks for putting in the work Coach! (Hope my English teacher gives me a C+ or higher...)
Another Night W/O Her ☹ Ugh , Goodnight World ♥
: no? Sorry D: see ya soon
hey girl how are you, why wernt you at school today <3 ya
Kids, all our apps will be educational. Wait, there's one where you catch ice cream & dodge onions? Well, we have to get THAT one.
Walking the interactive floor at
great work! I love it!
Greetings back at ya Manuel
Capful of vinegar in the water will help keep all the white together.
Love how the lawyer from Always Sunny is in these Quicken Loans commercials, and flagrantly carries lobster claws around fancy restaurants.
This training was org by the fund for Ed excellence, youn audience of md, arts everyday, and gbca.
Heading to Dallas to flip & burn cars. Celebrating the #NBA Championship! (That's what people do right? We're new to this...) Go #Mavs! ;-)
I want a he 99 body style lol this bike is too fast and I can't keep it under 80 so I think it's best TJ live a few more years
lol i like it!
RT Carnival CHI tonight w/ 2nite! Carnival "Choreographer's Ball" Chicago conta.cc/qrnyA2! Be there!
did u c any of the movies
Overtime vs Cal Poly? This is when you need Nate Goertz on speed dial.
Thanks for following! Looking forward to meeting you!
Midlakes Basketball: Team went bowling together after practice tonight...what a great time!
Start studying her heart, instead of her booty an maybe invest the same amount of time in her as you do in call of duty
"success in life can usually be measured by the number of uncomfortable conversations he or she is willing to have’- great words
Bout to head to the cafe
happy valentines day rene
And we're back on! Snow day cancelled.
Y Perkins keep shooting them hard ass bricks lmao
Washing dishes <<<
Watching Yanks. What is his prob today?
At the WSWA Show in Orlando, FL!
thank you, ma'am.
Good luck ppl hu take SPM tomorrow result is coming out
The coffee this morning from Donut Plant tastes like it was filtered through some fat guy's sport sock. Blech.
cooking my famous Mexican rice
fitful? light? dirt? ;) keep up the good work and by all means rest. RT ; who else thinks I should take a nap?
RT : VOTE for - he's definitely the hottest chef in Portland, hands down! bit.ly/yofrrK
He take you thru certain struggles to humble you first bcuz everybody cant go thru certain situations and. Remain humble
Clearly it's a winning strategy.
A lot of bitches at my school have burgundy hair
Fred Whitehead's tshirt-"socialism: spreading the wealth since 1917"
seems to be the norm these days....
I know... And I have this amazing idea for our underground garden. I think this confirms it needs to be publicly accessible!
Do you have the right guy? ;-) Thanks Brian! too kind
Girl, The Queens made me love every bit of this African descended body.
prof Chris Simpson sees ties between the newspaper crisis and the tensions in the function/future of higher ed.
It's definitely karma.RT : I'm assuming this phone thing is karma for not meeting in person at
CORRECTION: FREE CONCERTS WED 10/12 530p Organ Music @ St. John Evang.; 730p Ensemble Plus Ultra @ Boston Coll classical-scene.com/calendar/
Thanks for the welcome! I'd love to write about your site sometime in January! What a great and pertinent subject!
and did I mention that they r Spectacular!! WOW. Still can't believe ur single!
Teen boys who have been sexually assualted are less likely to disclose yet more likely to have multiple sex partners and unprotected sex.
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. – Phillips Brooks
thank you so much! we've been working very hard to get this all together!
#ktco – The QOTW: What’s the biggest complaint your customers have about your biz?
Another beautiful day in the neighborhood
i just got mine a few weeks ago...
Twitter on the phone is better than on the computer
yes please lol
You see the sky cant be this gray forever, just fill your head with something clever.
They would be. lol of course you would. I don't know about me though I don't like him in that way. :/
i don't know arabic that well so um go easy on me lol
Playoffs with new #NHL schedule will be epic. Period.
lol well i just saw that pic and i was pissed and um i don't know who saw it or knew first but it's like all over twitter so...
Lol 2omf's funny, they got they own rap name going.
Hello, that was my review of Third Star! Thanks for watching
#LSCON check out "hole in the wall experiments". Is education still necessary?
When I tell oomf that Mr Osen said he wants to marry me >>> LMFAO 😍
Good to know! Thanks for sharing..
DNA shows connects Taylor's death to Douglas Thames, who is serving a life sentence for another murder/rape
Bridge is Over, CMW - Who's F***** Who, EL P - 7700 Years to Date, Common - The Bitch in Yoo, Tim Dog - F*** Compton
In the studio today trying some new soundbanks. Hit me up if you tryna get in the booth
My favorite has always been Rouge. But I'd probably make a better Jean Grey... Let's be honest.
How do you do
: I did! Did it not send?
you dont like me cuz i smoke weed.. oh well keep it movin den
This time last year I was in Miami
How do you measure the success of your events? I hope it is NOT only in numbers.
The problem with various Across the Curriculum programs is the acronyms: Writing = WAC (Whack!) InfoLit would be ILAC (I Lack!)
Hi, Jim. Can I get your email please so I can tell you about a project I'm working on? Looking for an advisor. Thank you.
we do make soy biscotti candles...no kiddin
is enjoying some R&R and design time in Indianapolis.
Nice start to a Sunday afternoon game. Keep it up
Morning time! On the bus right now. Its freeezzing.
those are sweet, what they sound like on the pavement though lol
social media is awesome!
Jimi James is bringing her"A" game TONIGHT!!! At WITZEND
Tell obama I need a bail out....
oh lol you right, especially because it's your name haha
yah I can tell u barely fit in ur profile pic lol
BYE GUYS!! I'M GOING TO SLEEP NOW COZ TOMORROW WE'LL FLY TO CEBU SO UNFORTUNATELY, I WON'T BE ON TOMORROW =( I GONNA MISS YOU TWEEPLE! ILY♥
Amazing night at the AFTH. Congratulations
see you in the a.m. for more expo stuff .. good night
can you come to #teenfest ???
Thanks for the RT, much appreciated. Have a great weekend!
I'm not in rehab, jail, or the hospital, so I know it's going to be a good day!
Have fun. Give us all a wave and go Aiden!!!!!!!!
When I was in HS I listened to Peter Paul and Mary & copied down all the notes from the stereo. I formed a trio and imitated them exactly
We gotta step up a Skype Date I miss and Love you tell moms I love her :)
Just had my first phising text message. Didn't know that was even on the radar.
Happy Birthday, Mother Monster!
Just got off the phone wit the baby, ya I love that fucking man so much...valentines day ready
am i the only one who had no idea men in black 3 is being release?? original came out when I was 11. I feel so old...
Hopefully soon! Never been out west before… Ubuntu Could Summit would be a great reason… been an Ubuntu user for 7 years now
Could pretty much care less about the Redskins - but to give up three #1 picks and #2 for RG3...wow. That's a lot to move up four spots.
#BCSChampionship LSU has to put Lee in ... Don't they??
Baron, need some knicks tickets!! gotta see you play!
If you stacked 12 billion Budweiser longneck bottles end to end it would reach 1.7 million miles, or to the moon and back three times....
Looks yummy!
At RR Burger works finally....yum
"People were more inclined to have sex with jesus' body back then due to poor nutrition"
i can't find her :o
AxeOff USA is a monthly Guitar playing competition. Hard Rock Café is a Platinum Sponsor & will host the event in New Orleans. AxeOffUSA.com
It's at my friends place. They live 5 blocks from me. They are supplying grilling meats and I'm bringing booze. It's a party!!
You think he didn't? But like I said earlier, I gotta get up with u sometime this week or next. Don't bring the sensitive joint
It's a bitch sometimes, isn't it? He can only do upgrades/installs/mods on weekends and long holiday weekends. Sucks...
Happy birthday to the most amazing girl in the world<3 my soulmate <3
We think they are divine, but don't just take our word for it... RT : yum! That looks divine! ❤
It's damn near time to call it a night.
I hate lying. Not only because its "bad" lol, but because I have to remember the damn story i once told, which more than likely i forgot..
Happy Friday the 13th! Perfect day for a $5 martini or mimosa on our patio.
My wife & my dog are so good to me, but complete opposites.My dog doesn't mind if I use soap & loves when I leave lots of stuff on the floor
Check out my site. Lets blaze!
yes!! Can't wait!
banished me from the room for farting.
Ugh, I had to put a password on my phone -___-
Momma McGuiness is so pretty! her and Jay's picture....<3
nuggets aren't meant for sharing!
thought I did something that would make a change. But I guess the effort wasn't good enough.
My dog and I were laying down then my mom went down stairs and so my dog went with and now I'm cold
The perfect week...What!
Why is every man hitting on me today? I have the best man ever! I love u Jason!
wish we could but we're only in town for 12 hours! You come to us!
Its forever us against them all.
I'd like 2 get in on that ...
success! I got my coldfusion thingey to work. might be good if I RTM, huh?
"The best way out is always through." - Robert Frost
We work these long nights long nights to get a pay day...
Have a super day!
Thanks to those motherfuckers from THE FP - , and - for making 2011 more badass!
thanks so much for the RT ;-)
Help our friends “: 32 Bubbles Car Wash tickets for our summer fundraiser! Get yours at Central City Co-Op Wednesday!”
These stories Rachael is telling me >>>>>
...She's like "This is what u should be doing on a special day such as today, to me, nonetheless" i'm a no good daughter, but I Love U, mom!
It's such a beautiful day. You can't help but to be happy!
wat if i get a friend who needs benifits
Congrats to on their 5th anniversary. Great peeps, great party, and live, to boot.
Nice. It's a great tool for attendees to network
#sxpubtrans How to get transit info to ppl without smart phones: if you have one, share the info with those around you. Yes, talk to ppl.
#ThingsWhitePeopleSayToBrownPeople Please, I am sorry ! Please take anything just don't hurt me !!! ..... oh your my friend? Awkward.
One of our favorite commercials of the night!
Honey, I shoulda been done with you a long time ago. Gots me a REAL friend ;)
It's Friday.... Time for #sharktank. Watching #Airbedz now.
God CANNOT-WILL NOT fail u! God's NOT a man that He should lie! (Num. 23:19-23, Rom.3:3-4) Believing it'll do more good than u can imagine!
Snow snow go away.
Where are all my fans at?!
I'm curious to try the Nike Fuelband! Hmm. I see a price/feature comparison spreadsheet in my future.
Happy Rainy Wednesday!!!
fast-forward through ALL the commercials! :P
KMSL at that damn She keeps me laughing.
Thanks for such an amazing community! We have classroom teachers, parents, kids, and even neighbors showing support. Wow!
they land at the same time HEH. Even if they were different weight though
Hey ...you still dead sexy?
No way. I thought that was you. Kudos to Jonathan!
s/o to my new follower
Good feedback.
OMG its Too Cute Tuesday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio bring a friend get lashes or arch 4 special price. Located on 8mile in Detroit
Currently where this man is singing and playing guitar badly.
I'm one and done as far as kids goes lbvs
Isn't that like college? lol luckily for the good stuff my profs were interesting
So March is coming in like a lion. Of course it is!
instead of tip, hire this librarian please!
composer's breakfast: toast, 2 emergen-c packets and a handful of advil.
$5 TALL smirnoff cocktails, $3 Powers shots, $3 Rumchata shotsd and $1 OLD MIL CANS. Saturday night specials till close. Cheers
Just saw Transformers..... Lesson of the day trust nobody.....
If I link to it, I know all about it. I swears.
8:30am ET as he is every Monday with us. Tune in
Memorial beats Sun Prairie 68-53.
Well...chat's over so Im just gonna get off and watch the #Knicks game I guess...1 last shoutout to for my nice new BG! :D
HI :D
Know of any fun bars/lounges in Columbus, OH?
and I do believe that will be there as well, correct? ^ag
Florence & The Machine are here, party is back on
RT : Tennessee playing overtime like the SEC Tourney is being played in the Georgia Dome.
"Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations."
If people love their life so much why do they spend so much time worrying about other peoples lives -
can u tell me more?
lol I use to love beyonce. Nope not now lol
haha..why do u think I enjoy visiting so many schools?....aside from the kids/education..it's the driving...feels like NASCAR!
And every girl I try to replace u wit why can't I get over it
"I'm higher than any other." Wow. I sure have been getting those lyrics wrong. Sorry, Nicki. . .
Late night watching a pretty dresses #SYTTD hehehehe
is buried under a pile of textbooks and energy drinks miles high, trying to claw her way out. Please send help!
hahah! I didn't think I was getting it for another week - pleasant surprise!
RT I'm still Confused Now' ::::
GifBoom is #amazing! (:
Spring time! Lets wear some fun colorful makeup to match the pollen :)
Are you at #bmorehistoric? Use the hash tag, tell us what you're doing.
North Carolina quinoa salmon microgreen salad printwork bistro amazing
that video was deep go peep my vids out on youtube type walkerboyz
i know right?! D: it will be some funky smellin' lookin' Chia...(: hahaha
Great show yesterday on Bill Heywood
is really going to miss the ash tree that fell on the deck today
Check out the #FluentBus tonight hitting all the major parties including Thrillist / Spotify at Rattle Inn that we are sponsoring!!!
Thanks to the fine lassies of Bend OR for the hospitality. Why is it so hard to find words beginning with letter "l"?
- but, see, if you're Chinese as is Lily Marie, that would set a dangerous precedent!
Holy cow! Is it a respectable offer?
Just quoted you for my FB status. You're the reason I like Twitter.
Normal cholesterol and blood fat levels will help prevent heart disease and stroke, the biggest health problems for people with diabetes
"Fall seven times, stand up eight." Japanese Proverb
Lunchtime and then I'll be speaking about why I'm running for congress
Nothin beats a great tasting soap!!
The Monkees - I'm a Believer [official music video]
no problem u get the track it was sent to your email?
My maternal grandmother had 8 children, her last one at age 47. The last one was the only one born in a hospital. This blows my mind.
I am what I am, u did what u did Im glad Im not a sinner baby coz he's a twist U r what u r I saw what I saw Com as ur master n ur the bitch
Invites to our 2 contest will be comng soon - Free laptop, and Fre Pro Video Camera! www.workforbooks.com pls RT
I tried to explain my #wetnap fascination and but it just made me sound like a mom, right ?
Everyone go check out she is working hard to get more followers! Keep it up #RObot!
Archer season 2, hitting close to home: "My plan is to crowdsource a plan." Response: "Thanks, Noam Chomsky."
Hey Corbin here ;)
did you get Ben and Jerry's ice team yet? :D
Man I haven't been on twitter in the longest.
Cast & Crew Screening this evening. Everything is looking FABULOUS. Cannot wait to share our hard work with all of you!
Didn't have time to get there today, but sounds like they will tomorrow!
Who Ever Goes And Follows My Home Girl will get a shoutout from Me (:
Just my thoughts, that's just how I see it.
indeed. PS: you should come visit.
RT : does G+ also make us all crazy? Sometimes even a #sm advocate gets overloaded. Too many tools in the toolbox?
Steven Tyler looks like a human dream catcher....
Giving up my 2nd Saturday night/Sunday off in a row for family: Pirates baseball game tonight, Nemacolin Mother's Day Brunch tomorrow. Boo.
It's difficult to continue your admiration and appreciation of one's artistic talents when they keep posting their personal political views.
Yeah? How'd you know this?
Thanks for the follow. I'm intrigued by your background image. Do you have any video of yourself Airplane-Golfing?
Did you know that the founder of www.shastic.com is a #musician too?
Must have been nice to be by your old gym. Blessings on the new spot!! I gotta get my tail in there and we can talk!
It's true though!(: and you are too!:) haha
awsome i live in new york but i wud plan to be there in the 31st :)
what's more important: the best UX possible on mobile? or creating content that be easily accessed and shared without a software install?
Been planning our exhibition opening on July 6th !
oh how I love you(;
taking over the greater eastern seaboard with
After a tiring but fun night last night, just woke up now to chinese food given to me from mommybear. Going back to sleep soon. :/
are you then going to pick up a mask as well!??!?
looks like the ever-fabulous and are gonna come through for me. Will keep u posted on the haul. ;-)
We're now accepting suggestions for our next Black History Month film. Let us know what you'd like us to review.
listening to the APR co hort group
"Greatness is fortitude in failure, and temperance in success." -Manly P Hall
The difference in difficulty between the summer classes im takin @ state school vs. Kings is insane. I literaly would be valavictorian here.
Spit yo game, talk your shit
i passed up some really good young ladies
so good!
what's going on tonight??
I'm so excited so many people are talking about the show on twitter. It's making me blush a bit
Marina Wilbur: Dancer, instructor left her footprints in many ballrooms
Heeyyy!!! Lol miss u too! Everything Is good my way..how have u and the fam been?
The Japanese Giant Hornet shoots flesh eating bacteria and usually aims for your eyes... Huh!? Kills 40 people per year on avg. in Japan...
Done with classes! On to projects! Next up: Director's Showcase!
This day has felt long. Perhaps because I have a book at home begging to be read.
the first (&best) finochiona i've tasted was while working in Florence. Spreadable & course @ same time. Is it coarse @ cypress?
is sleepy.
How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb? One, men will screw anything.
"Death is the destination we all share"--Steve Jobs 2005 Stanford commencement address. Rest in Peace.
I was marketing and #anthropology major in college. TO put it simple, anthro made me a happy person.
This is me taking my own advice. I'm going to not freak out about this, and accept things as they are. No reason to make things complicated.
they starved u to death on senior trip!
Everyone watch #runningwilde tomorrow so doesn't kill himself. He'll do it. He's serious.
THANKS CHIEF.
Flirting & being friendly are not the same thing
Cool job alert RT Looking for intern resume & letter why it shud be U
idk if I told you but I very much like your taste in music
"He walks over to Anita who shrinks in terror. He chucks her under the chin."- THE MOVIE MAN (1914)
RT : I totally just tripped tweeting
#HappyBirthday. Enjoy today!! Wish today was special. Follow me buddy.
Grizzles HOME TEAM do your shit!
I assume shit, when it's obvious .....
Great to hear! RT : we had a blast last night! been telling everyone to check out the Nitrocream! let's do it again soon!
I didn't even think of coffee. I should have though but was so out of it. That was scary. I don't know how people could TBC
The gosling flies over the Pacific, and comes home a goose.
Hey Jozy my name Julian Paz i am a huge fan of u iam playing fo high school and i am 17
Thanks for the tweet at 140 today, it was a great day to hang with passionate people
Here at the first special education advisory committee for my school district. Will see what info they have.
last day of school then spring breakk:)
Arranging aerial photo flight for later this week. Best time to fly is usually after a storm.
"Who the f*ck is him?" *dead*
we need to take a zoo date!
Look. Under. Your. Bed.
Great day for rest, cardio, and food prep. I love Sundays! Good luck to all of the oscar nominees tonight.
#FF A GREAT Website Design starts w/a Great Logo Design! ...Don't have one? Hit up my girl - she'll take great care of you!
hahaha you're @ taco bell?
i sent it to you on facebook because twitter wasnt working at school.
Aw I missed you, but if you ever try and pull my weave out again i'll fuck you up beyond anything.
We're going to be doing a ticket giveaway on Friday for Saturday's show at the iLounge. Find out more at our facebook page www.com/jwshowsmi
Bryce Harper is not fazed by The Show with a laser throw to home plate. Impressive debut.
Navy Seals took care of 'em
RT : RT : I'm so happy tomorrow is Monday!
whoa, Tyler! That's my people! My hometown is about an hour from Tyler. Yay! Knock 'em dead. I know you will. ;-)
but i cant complain
I didn't say that O.o WTF!?
Sometimes when u expect the very worst the universe surprises u with good news. :-) This can only mean that I will be hit by a bus 2morrow.
I wish I owned The Usual Suspects.
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 55 to 61. Light...
Team US-Canada! Gold Medal Guarantee! Wait…
One fun thing about having a crappy car is abruptly shutting off the air conditioner on the highway and pretending you have a hyperdrive
She gotta car a job a swagg she STUNTIN!She pay her own bills cause she got her own money!She the type dont never ask for nothin!💁💋
I want a really greasy cheeseburger with extra bacon and extra cheese.
Omg i want somethig sweet so badd
New Airport PR. Woke up, packed, and got to the gate in 35 minutes, shattering my old 30 minute door to door.
#BandsILove oh... and White Eskimo too :)
He was, of course, an actor. By which I mean waiter.
Star Ships Where Met To Fly, #BoyzAreBack it's your birthday ! time for fan girling! !!! woot woot
Who are your top 5 Ravens all-time players with #1 being your top pick?
Noice!! RT : Windows down..getting DQ and listening to ...this feels like Summer. I love it!
HM. My podcatcher didn't seem to work this morning.
whoops that one slipped
Pittsburgh on my mind. Coming home tonight
I can't believe tomorrow is 's last day at school. So many tears are going to be shed it's not even funny. #gonnamisher 😔
Win bets sir!
Hey guys for those who havent figured it out yet my facebook was hacked. If ur my friend on their delete my old pgs to avoid gettin hacked!
thanks - always good to know what others do
AZ PartyLife is in full force tonight! This is gonna be so big the walls are gonna fall down.... Cream Stereo Lounge 10pm-2am No Cover
any suggestions?
Learning about the reproductive system in health,
Sometimes, you just need a little Handel. Add in a healthy dose of Emma Kirkby and you *know* everything's gonna be okay...
Howard Stern is the next TODAY show segment!
Can't get Tumblr working on my Blackberry, nor Wordpress mobile.
Hahahaa "Wait for it" as a middle name.
Last day for Seniors. They are having a raging party in the bathroom.
RETWEET ONLY if you follow back
Ok, where you hiding Mr. Pike?
New weight loss idea: watch an entire episode of dora at full volume, no bathroom breaks.
Not unless you're on the south side. But you did give me the idea though.
Some guy down the street found a bag with $66k in it. I take that same route everyday after work.
We aren't related but friends :)
Amazing video shoot for mouseymcglynn. Post soon.
tell Terry I said happy mothers day!
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY AS WELL AS HAPPY SINGLES AWARENESS DAY...
Happy 48th birthday Stephen. Keep the fire extinguisher by the birthday candles
It is a beautiful day in Houston and the roof is closed at Minute Maid Park for today's Cardinals - Astros game.
#Teaching CE for #insuranceprofessionals in Park Ridge, IL today. Happy to help the Niles PDES office. Beauitifal fall morning.
So sorry to hear that. Give the family our best, and tell them to hang in there!
I know lol just come bro. Whenever
I'm outside they haven't got here yet hoe!
ahaha... i cant tell you how to live life.
There's 3 grocery stores and over a dozen smaller markets.
went to gym and managed to lose 300+ calories! yay haha :D
so freaking true!!!!!
WE HAVE A SPECIAL EVENT IN APRIL, 2012 "FEMALE LAWYERS FOR OBAMA IN SEWALL'S PT, FLORIDA. YOU & FAMILY ARE INVITED
Gotta set up my Home Game on Poker Stars...I think it's going to be fun! Who wants to play??
Glenfiddich 15 yr, really takes the drive to do more programming out of you. If I was smoking a cigar I'd probably just call in tomorrow.
don't worry baby, everything will turn out alright...
Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!!!
Take me by the tongue and I'll know you. Kiss me till you drunk and I'll show you. All the moves like Jagger. I got the moves like Jagger.
She looks gorgeous! :)
There's no feeling quite like finishing writing the last lecture of the semester.
Taking my daughter to a bday party.
Fans of Kristy Swanson or Scott Schwartz-triple dog dare kid in "Xmas Story", they're at Collectables store 21144 Ventura Bl, Woodland Hills
Hopefully the Edwin Maysonet Golden Era lasts longer than Josh Wilson's did last season.
hi, i'm emily and i am now obsessed with the hunger games.
Our theme for St. Pattys is "Wines Not from Ireland"
Participating in a new university-wide Social Media Council! Very exciting!
Still workin' for the weekend? A trip to the Grind will undoubtedly help get you there! I suggest a redeye if you're running on empty.
ik im late but you welcome gorgeou'z {MWUAH}
oh yeah shes mah other half. She would cry if i didnt qo. And yeah i went.... Y?? Oh and y qet a lot buq bites there.
#redlegs win now i need a tribe win and today is a success
hey whats up?
Sales guy went on to say: "There's no way you can prove you did anything for these people (clients)". Indirectly insulting... and hilarious
Finally made if through 34 executive summaries for the UW business plan competition. Pretty impressive group this year.
we bout to have these music videos poppin too #oooowiiee yall aint even ready for it!!!
Nigga tell me why Im bumpin that right now. We think fuckin alike
what u always say and to hang with my friend and then go home and sleep
Help...help me please
How much do you like the creeper spot, ????
I quit rhyming for awhile (except when certain friends asked). this was while working on album, so it was my fault
Getting ready for children and teen recital tonight. I need an assistant
Somebody tonight spent several minutes telling me how pretty I am. And I'll tell you in complete honesty, it was the best thing ever.
Ha. Pretty sure it's not possible.
Cats are not born neurotic. They usually become so a few minutes after birth. - Stephen Baker, How to Live with a Neurotic Cat
smart thinking.
TRAFFIC: Road Closed WB Hwy 18/151 @ PB - Emergency crews still on the scene, traffic getting thru slowly on the shoulder
Had a very bad experience with National Car Rental. Will never rent from them again - very poor customer service!!!!!!!
Kristi!!! Thanks girl!! How is it going in JA, I need to catch up, way behind on blogs with this daytime job!
Interesting match #Manchester City Vs
": I'm singing a whale song. #TeamOrca lol!what do u mean!?and what!!??!
I'm sorry to hear that but you have the right attitude. Do your thing girl, you're pretty awesome
in the town where I was born for a few days, don't get here often, it's cool to imagine how I'd be if I'd never left
I didn't take my meds today... Tomorrow! I'll let ya know :)
I hate embarrassing myself :(
last week before prom
They say life's a trip, I'm just trying to make mines 1st class..
lol, I meant to say Ok sawa
i'll sing you a lullaby, go to sleep, go to sleep, go to sleep my little curly haired beauty! :)
so how is your popular twitter life going ? miss 1180 followers !
its kinda like hearing "For Whom The Bell Tolls" ....Daily!
First day on set as a UNION actor!!! Working on "The Good Wife."
As should. She can even have my room all to herself if she wants.
jus got back from takin my mama n grandma to kaze'
meow meow meow meow.....im a pretty pretty dogy
#Dutch studies journal Dutch Crossing announces plans for Dutch #art issue in 2012!!!
Ride that Hawg Big Momma a.k.a
This is me studying
news organizations don't get "it" when they ask reporters not to break news on twitter.
You're welcome! We enjoy seeing your updates that are helpful to our audience.
Oh my these dresses are hideous. So much for the fabulously fashionable 1920s haha
Skyrim 1.4 patch now available for PC - soon on 360 & PS3
Work from home again - jackpot.
Actually, I was thinking of building a sort of memory palace of rooms in my various grandparents' apartments, all long gone...
Timbers game telecast about the begin on Root Sports. Dare I say Timbers come away with their first road win of the season?
nothing I've found that has worked. I used to use alteril which is a natural thing, but I grew out of it. Nothing works for me
thx, one of my biggest issues & IMO biggest barrier to monetizing sponsor/partner deals on SM
Yay! Hi babe! : Walking by and thinking of my girl
Off to the market in Santa Monica to see what's on the menu today.
They're in tonight's mail! Thanks for your order.
How late is open?
if at Topez Lashay video shoot. Pictures coming soon
Yes, yes they did
loved him back in Boston. I'd give my left nut to see you in Celtic green some day
My boyfriend is precious. <3 .
Don't wanna be here.
Only if they go back to Presidents Day weekend
Do you actually know when they're going to do live chat?
What a nice classroom. Too bad you had to Photoshop yourselves in since you can't actually take pics in class
lucky dog! Enjoy and go O's!
Use both hands, baby. *smirks*
Boy, Procol Harum's Broken Barricades, man...if there's ever a song that sends me 10 different places at once...
watched the state of the union in the lounge cos that's how does it! aww yeah!
glad you liked the piece!
squeezing shampoo out of the bottle hurt my forearm this morning...
My reference quest for the day: Lakeview Bakery & Deli
with no Braces? HOT<3
I miss the smell of yeast when driving into milwaukee
so true! Wish he'd run third party.
paying 30% referral fee to real estate professionals, please refer clients to me if they they are moving to Dallas Texas ph
Daily, life's a difficult job, you get bored, you lose the design.
I cannot deal with Directionators any more
Get jiggy with it! : @ LPR for 's joint...let the poppers pop and the breakers break
I love my friends <3
CHA-CHING!!!...in there like swimwear.
Spending this mothers day with my mom and her Canadian family in canada. The joys of being Canadian!
So if is lucky enough to get a Grammy for his Xmas album, maybe I'll see him there >:)
dude, i saw you last night.
Go Tigers!
OMG Finallyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So Excited Justin<3333
I have trust issues with everything...
So mad I can't believe I missed Matilda one of my old time favorite movies :(
Watching #aleaugeoftheirown never gets old!!
"Threat" can apply to the more traditional thinking organization or individuals.
yes, and oh that's god (:
We have 7 grads so far and we couldn't be prouder! Join us for graduation on 5/21 :30am Martin de Porres.
How could you fuck the only ppl that ever cared for you
Like Flocka in the clouds shaking his dreads making it rain on all of us -_- lmao
I think you should come show your support
I don't like doubts...-_- everything I do..I do it with confidence
Don't forget to sign up for tomorrow's WCMS bi-weekly user group from 1-2p.m.! Email to register
I always get so confused when i bring my bible to church, theres no chapter called romans in the steven tyler biography?
Loving #glee especially !
Walker's "divide & conquer" perfectly condenses his impact on our state's legacy of civil discourse. Except the "conquer" part.
Haha RT : Eta Lambda Chapter of the Year!
Rule 7 - plan, plan, plan some more. Have contingency plans, plan for bad stuff too. Cardinal Rule from ,
They need to have an Academy Awards NBA edition. Nominate certain players, show clips and give out awards. They're so dramatic.
Who carves the groundhog on Groundhog's Day? Mom? Dad? I know tradition says if the big guy in PA sees his shadow we use a cleaver.
yes for sure!!! i been good, getting ready for finals :(
Amare Stoudemire's temper tantrum makes Rondo look like an angel. Way to act like you've been in a high-stakes game before
Thanks, I am, it's filled with studying and baseball. I hope your weekend is fantabulous!
Woo hoo! RT Rodgers takes another knee...the Packers have won Super Bowl XLV.
: where do you go?
"I LOVE YOU TICKET OAK!" can someone please make this happen in my backyard? I promise to share
NFL Play Off's - gotta love it! Check out our game - we are the perfect play off game! www.playffnow.com. Coupon code "USA" for 10 credits.
since you've tweeted this twice today: #girlswith the first name that begins with k.....
hello hello
With our 24 months no interest plan, there's no excuse not to get new energy efficient windows! Visit our website for more information.
Follow your tweet with #frenchpharmacie so that we can see it! That's all you have to do!
want another follower?? then go follow right now!!
Oh goodness, those Amish really know how to make an excelent cheesecake. Ahh.... ♥
Young Kenneth is awake
that song is in my workout playlist. My wife mocks me for it.
She must be super HIGH!!!!!.
U have the talent, do u have the tools to enhance your work? There r no compromises w/ my scissors get 5173043525Peace.
Thank U! Was just told by Dr. that thyroid is FOUR TIMES what it should be. On meds now! Hope it helps!
♀I can except being slowed down, but I will not be STOPPED♀
tonight we are drinking Maibock.
WHO IS YUNG RICH ? SOMEONE ASK ME AND I SAID Bi@#H IM YUNG RICH
I'm actually his assistant. He's the one that does all my writing.
#Jazz fans follow
Thanks! Have a great weekend!!
RT : Salud Chef! Happy day 2 U RT : #sobewff is happening! Stop by De Rodriguez Cuba and enjoy a great...
you poor deprived child lol
The scholar is not merely a passive recipient. He grows into power by an active reception of truth. (1850)
It's always Darkest before the dawn. #Good Morning
Past is experience, present is experiment, future is expectation
God is a passionate God; passionate in His love for us; passionate in His hatred for sin.
You're pointed at Florida... ;-)
thanks. gotcha. give a shout. (check your DMs) Have a great weekend. ....
Today is a bit of a dreary morning in Santa Monica...but hey, I'm in Santa Monica :-)
common sense: If the first Man was gay or the first Women did not like men there would be no human race!
Can you see it now ? I'm still fumbling through this...
Lol two they're my favorite RT Just cracked open that little goody you left in my fridge! SO DELICIOUS!!!
You need to follow more people!
A person with a great sense of humor may bore others, but he rarely has a dull moment himself. -John Mason
Somebody took my spot oh well lol
#Nuggets manimal and kuofos starting the game guaranteed W
CISNC Did you know a #dropout is 8x more likely to be in jail or prison by age 25? Stop stats like this one! www.cisnc.org
Instead of looking down, take a look up.....here I am!
Hey proud to contribute to your followers your time will come in parody accounts
Off to find candles that say 21
" If A Hug Represented How Much I Love You .. I'd Hold You In My Arms FOREVER ♥ "
Whats up everyone?!
Rocco! RT Ladies. Retweet if you are attending ladies night with me and our staff on June 2
Niquenique this kkhutie I want my pencil pouch back cause that's not mine it's my sisters
Heading up to Novato to mix Big Band music.
Really?! That's awesome. I love them :)
One of todays trending topics is #Dadism , how appropriate for your speech today
You sing R&B right?
(That was the most recent shooter, right? There wasn't one since?)
Well, you're a pro at that. Absence makes the... How does that go? See ya Thursday!
Wanna get VIP for the club tonite? Check out or fb page at Facebook.com/wildthursdays
Nice thing about twitter, you can breath hard ( on a bike!) and tweet at the same time. And my phone doesn't care if I sweat. :)
. totally smashing it live. Good vibes at
That's good...tell yo mom imma call her later or tomorrow. Miss yall, Hopefully i'll be home soon, till then keep yo head up.
Words to live by! “: Wright took off 4 months last yr “My big thing is, life’s not to be endured. It’s to be enjoyed.”"
Ah teen wolf is on and meh fangs r out XD ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
I'm going to sleep early twitter :*
Thanks very much for mentioning us! We really appreciate it.
nice meeting you too! next time for sure!
I am not calling anymore, so good luck facing the boss!
RT Now at a workshop on teaching the city featuring ! Looking forward to this one.
It was really nice out today. Oh winter, how you lower my standards.
my boy! Nice picture!
Well.....it's raining(of course). I guess I will lay here and be lazy today:)
Turtles are
Servicers Matter for Compare Ratios; How will the FHA Insurance Premium Change Impact Production?
thx for the great concert!!! We're waving at you from the side of the freeway in Vancouver, wa as you pass by us in your bus!!!
Sean Lee, you are THE man.
2 Exams down, 3 more to go!
Rushing. Reminding myself of 's tip this week: Patience. "I have all the time in the world."
A day without sun shine is like, you know, night.
Took 3 kids rollerskating. Ended up having lots of fun till the moment where 1 peed his pants & another had diarrhea in middle of rink.
we're doing some server maintenance for the next hour, please standby!
Happy Birthday! I hope you make it memorable in the Rose Garden tonight!
Aye honey or hershey chocolate syrup
Hey, let's be careful out there, Milwaukee.
My moms having a lil too much fun try a kill this fly.. Lol
#rulesoftwitter if has tweeted you 2 & rt'd you once, you deserve a followback. Just a thought ;D
pats have ball back near their 30. At break
Don't bet on it. Until I was involved in running a (small) server, I had no idea what goes on out there.
my circle small, im well rounded distance self from lego squares....family first along with purse keep searching goals i see them near
that's what's up. I don't lmao!!!!!
Insomnia tweets
Learned recently there are people who are cold, and there are Cold People.The first one from the Weather, the second kind from a cold heart.
On my grind off to work
smh bitches just don't understand.
I'm not saying you're a whore.. I'm just saying you've been on more wieners than Heinz ketchup..
actually SV just clarified that it should be out for a delivery attempt tomorrow. My mistake. Hope that helps!
your customer service is terrible. I placed my order on Feb. 20 and have yet to receive anything.
Tuesday, May 4th is Latino Night at Salute Wine Bar! Join us for a lot of fun and Italian Margaritas!
Had to fuckin wlk home from work<<<<< fuck that shit never again
what is the name of that #Brooklyn cafe with #livemusic again? :-)
Hey guys love the page. Check out our music at www.reverbnation.com/htrofficial
ah “: And the Braves' fan base holds its collective breath: Brian McCann just removed from the game before top of the 6th.
Thank you AA men r targeted daily just b/c they r AA. #TrayvonMartin brought light 2 this issue.
Could you sign the petition to kill the "Kill the Gays" bill? Thanks! allout.org/en/petition/uganda
will do:)
"Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind."
miranda i love you so much! you are so awesome!! you keep tellin them haters to back off! mirfand-4-life! :)
Falling asleep to tonight ❤💤
The guy who describes the burger patty would do well as a recurring character on _Saturday Night Live_
I am so disgusted by this.. my birthday is 2day& I am celebrating it in a way that honors him~ however it can be respectfully done .
so sick of rude and inconsiderate people.
The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living
Because he's not blocking you.
I,m playing my Heartfield DR5 more often with really great results,its a real "soulmachine", light weight,HEAVY sounds!
Took my VERY carnivorous friend to my favorite restaurant for nachos. Shhh, he has no idea it's vegan!
Even Santa would love our FRIDAY Special: The Maxi-Burger w/ BBQ Fries !!
GET MONEY IN DA BANK ON WHEN YA GOOD...
I want to get revenge on FC Dallas! Who would you rather play?
i have no life(:
Happy Leap Day! What are you going to do with your extra 24 hours?
You are still getting more and more followers, but I just STUCK here. Maybe it' s because I don't tweet too much. Haha!
SpaceX launch aborted at last minute.
Listening now love.
Saw you both with your girls at Jose's on Friday night ... they were adorable! Hope you enjoyed it. Get well soon, Mat!
Yep! I'm MMEd class of 2005. Loved every minute of it!
got engaged in Florence, best 5 days of my life, it was all amazing
Stocked up on mad food. Only means one thing, first home stand of the season.
R.I.P. Donna Summer
Thank you for the RT Miss Jess :)
I'll even sing Justin beiber songs to you... Even tho I know NONE of them >.>
finding the will to grind on.
Watched Leonard Cohen Live in London this evening on PBS...superb.
Thanks for the follow! We hope you are excited about the line coming out :)
Representing and at the Assoc. of Asian Studies Conference in Toronto March 15-18. Booth 310
Thank Christ for a day off!
No way. He's been charging it for years.
Thank you for the mention
#SouthlakeOktoberfest tonight! See you there.
I was trying to reply to your DM about something but your not following me.
can you please follow my sister ,She thinks you're an amazing dancer and you following her would make her happy
Ask your grandparents if they know Delores Belhumeur, that's my grandma.
thanks for the love!
thanks for the follow keep it real like to get some media in the mag
My mom sees a lady with a bunch of kids and goes "get a fucking tv in the bedroom" 😂😂😂😂😂 my mom is such a creep
I hated it too until I got fitted at Cacique, Lane Bryant's in house lingerie store. Didn't know bras could feel like heaven!
It's all about playing the game and KIM is definitely the master!!
I'm comin back beginning of august
It's time for makeup, the perfect smile. It's you they're all waiting for.
Tryna get like you
#NP Get Silly. Last time I ever listen to this song
you wont here another word (:
Oprah Doesn't Know Everything - Huffington Post
If they add any more spring sports at Canby, I might just cry a little. 12 spring teams (!!) RT : Canby don't sleep
Quoth the dude, "That's just like, your opinion, man." Amen.
that's so kool and random and only he followed me!
Are your ppc landing pages tied back into your keywords?
I still remember you from Head of the Class and teen beat mags.. I think I'm giving away my age here
awww, I love you to anea. You're a beautiful person inside and out. Love you chica <3
Had a great coaching session with lawrence the homeless artist today!
iam sorry can u follow me back
Thanks so much to all of our new followers, and for our regular readers! Anything specific you want more info on?
Can't wait for Florida 2012 💋❤
I think it's really good. Funny. Katara is old!!! Haha
I hear you, but their first two are home, and they get 3 extra days rest after their WK1 game
i want a invite ;)
Really? Yeah, right up left down is the norm. How odd of Porsche to stray from the standard...
Exactly! We are talented enought to beat any team. We have to have the anytime anywhere mentality.
sound bytes & "new" initiatives are gr8, but what about results? outcomes speak louder than platitudes. #DemandBetterWestBaltimore,
Pretty damned great weekend, you guys. Let's say we do it again soon?
IDK YOU SAID AND I QUOTE "Oh, make sure you read the epilogue.." AH I WAS CURIOUS
#Podhbcu faculty productivity increases if you help them get organized with their writing schedule!
you're probably right. I get why she's upset though. She didn't get to see her only daughter marry
You're right. Your teachers are super excited for you! You've got our vote all the way. :-)
Went to meeting with Good Faith Casting. It went great!
i need a girl with tha nikki booty yea im tryin cuff
Thank you for the cookie recipe. They turned out amazing! So gonna win
"...Social media outreach has become an integral part of a #PR specialist's job in recent years..." via
Chris Davis: I just wanna pitch. The oppo Rick Ankiel?
thanks for coming to Lubin House! Hope you had a great time speaking to CRS students!
Bay area today. Saw Raiders and dinner with 49er clients and Demarcus Dobbs tonight.
Hearing good stuff from Adam Bain of twitter. Says it's twitter's 6th anniversary. Happy bday twitter.
Look forward to seeing you! RT : opens to the public tomorrow! What are you looking forward to seeing?
Aw, Tebow, should have ran it.
The moment becomes slower; thoughts re-arrange order, living this life when you are no longer the life holder.
KK and LL should not be news.
The Dime Parade will be marching near your City!
its a good song. I haven't seen them live, I want to! Haha
汉字 - how soon we forget them, how diligently #skritter points it out.
#amlistening #JoyDivision as I put together a site re-design plan for day job client. The Eternal is such a beautiful song.
Simon is so cute! The fact that his head makes up about 60% of him is even cuter!
Thanks Rebekah, and CONGRATULATIONS on a much more impressive award... read about it today in the paper! Well done.
Shopping then hanging with my friends Jack Daniels and Sam Booka.
Im here in portland oregon
G'Morn
check out today
for supporting free education and social safety net, so are we against it? bad logic dude.
WHERE WILL THE SIMILARITIES STOP? WHO CAN SAY!
Hey ! Want FREE delivered to you next week? Just "Like" on FB by 11:59pm on Aug 5 and it could be you!
wow, that's Golden!
RT“: If someone you love hurts you cry a river, build a bridge, and get over it!!!" <<<This!
When the tests are far away, the Ravis will play
Modern philosophy: If I went to the gym but then didn't write a facebook status about it, did it ever really happen?
right on thanks for letting me know.
Thank you so much!
Milwaukee Area folks, the team is doing FREE facials & Spa Foot soaks in Dec! Email your info to: for apt.”
is it because the book didn't have Tilda Swinton in it?
I often ask myself "what would mattias kiwanuka do?"
We've reached 171 likes on #Facebook....please help us reach 200. Come by for lunch today and enjoy a delicious torta.
Weather forecast: 82 degrees and 100% chance of Cherry Limeade Showers from 6am to 12am today at Sonic #Baltimore!
aw!!! Que cute<3
A true fan will stick by them, no matter what.
You all our the best followers in the world!
movie time after I peel the banana.
rhymes with "dribble", right?
Come try us out. The free outdoor parking is great or try our indoor parking at $6/day.
"Falling out of love is hard; falling for betrayal is worse..."
Thanks for the shout out Rock!
Well, the English 102 course teaches they can also look in museums, attics, or do their own interviews, surveys, &c.
GOOD NIGHT TWITTER. <3
Great beginning to a phone call: a robotic female voice reporting that "THE FIRE IS OUT."
morning mr Charlie
RT : How many times am I gonna hv to beat up the same chick...<<WHOA DER' how old are we?
Have a good time with your long time friends!
Thank you for the mention - glad to be in touch with you here on Twitter.
Good surprise running into this morning. Give him a shout if you're in the social media space. He's doing some cool things.
Our country was setup by and for the powerful and,elite and still is.Propaganda said we are all equal ",some are more equal than others"
I need a new car!!!
They go to Dubrovnik on this season of #bachelorette? Way to ruin my favorite place, ABC!
Proud Feminist Porn Awards nominee! Follow #FPA2012 for the latest Toronto news. Big thanks to all our cast, crew, members & supporters!
Getting ready for church. Can't wait to be inspired by Dr. Stanley today!
It's in Atlanta this year, right?
aayyeee!!! I know u saved me a plate!!!
Ok, Cody, you've piqued my curiosity.
I heart break and you too.
WHat! u know thats where ill be........n fuck the ville
Lets go State!!!
City pizza is amazing
I hope things go smoother for you for the rest of the day :-)
Exciting news!
So bored!! ===>>> Lol...You Should Listen To My New Song Then :-)
No kidding? V and Grant would get along great. He ran all over the park today, leading an invisible army. Lots of "invisible"..
We have issues. RT all eyes on FL again! What's up with your state?
JJ directs Star Trek like a classy Michael Bay.
If you can give us the time, location and direction we can have customer service look into this. Thank you.
I hope you do visit Seattle someday, Kris. I'd love to show you around.
Any thoughts on the closure of Collegelax?
This is about the damndest World Series...No make that baseball game I have ever seen.
The Goodyear Blimp just flew over my apartment. Surprisingly loud actually.
A change is a comin! Just gotta keep the Faith and keep persevering!
certainly! Good article--quite on point!
You can never do to much if you can never get enough
Come check out surrender only !
That's the problem. Can't put her on if he knows (not thinks) she's lying, so he believes her or never planned to back it up.
sick on fall break is no fun! :(
do you know what it was about? (the shouting match)
Oh thank God...I was about to give you a nice little lecture young lady who's probably older than I.
OMG AWESOME!
go off on emmm
really came for Chris Bosh LMFAO
Cramps be killing a sister :/
great story and good choice for your son! I hope you have more moments of clarity. I fight 4 patient safety including your son!
Trying to figure out how to listen to one book while simultaneously reading another. Anyone got that down?
Wow! Thank you for the RTs and shoutouts! I love career advising!
"I swear, he is gay."
Thank you!
having a rough couple day.
Wow! That sounds terrific! Thanks.
Joel! please reply! do you remember me? It's been a very long time! still have that super 8 drawing I gave you?
We hope everyone had an amazing Thanksgiving! We ate a ton of food and then played a ton of games!
hooray for being friends! :D
me me
B: Its all about quality, not quantity Reed.
And such a fun date idea! “: Thanks to all who came out to Midnight Radio this weekend. 2 more shows! 7/29-7/30.”
i just <3 christmas songs! :) they always make me feel so happy and warm lol :P
Miss you brother!
Alright! Do you live in California?
I can't do this anymore, I'm done trying. I'm tired of putting a fake smile on my face everyday when all I want to do is cry....
Thanks bro! Say a prayer for continued progress and anointing!
BIG S/O TO SHAQ "COBY TELL ME HOW MY ASS TASTE"YOU MURDERED IT SON! WHEN IS THE ALBUM COMING OUT
Happy for you!
well he seems like a swell guy #beer Have fun in the cap!
It's "Cheeseburger Week" in Pasadena, California...But I'm in San Diego this week. So who has the best #Cheeseburger in San Diego?
Get the design services you need at the price you want. www.brandninjas.com
lol Awww that's a cute thought.
i wish it was easier to get noticed by you :( </3
I had dream that and I were friends and we sang On My Mind togetherin a duet! We had FAME to!
You're very welcome, and we sure did :)
We're getting ready for #TheBlitz 2010. Putting in as many gardens as possible in MKE on May 29th! Stay posted. More exciting news to follow
MUST fall asleep soon.....gotta wake up at 3:30am to get ready to go to the airport!
#sick #fever #weak #pale well, this is just great -.-
They did a great job casting and really followed the plot of the book. You should enjoy it... it is long, though so beware.
Lol you sound like me
good to have the NBA back.
Good morning! Got some running around with the girls 2 do Early mothers day gift, Amierae just telling me she loves herself :) Enjoy ur day!
I had a wonderful day at the spa with my best friend.
I don't shave my balls with a kitchen knife.
Talking to me in the morning is like trying to dribble a ball with not enough air in it.
lol then in the morning I regret staying up -.-
LMFAO ": Today, Facebook went public, just as MySpace’s last user went private."
A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough.
Packed matinee for at the !! Check out our rave review on !!!!
Baha. Lucky, I couldnt find anyone to go out with so I'm in bed. Feel free to send updates.
Thanks for the follow!
Red riding hood (:
hanging with
good morning!
I love Fridays :) they're so...peaceful ☺
is one of my favorite anthropologists! How many scholars have their own action figures? Now THAT's gangsta'
Cheap Halo 3 Toys: Halo Wars Mega Bloks Series 3- Yellow ...
Tom Petty's music is very welcome right now. (If it's not at other times)
that's awesome!!
There's nothing like a sale at Diesel! Praise his name..
love his job with a passion.
The dudes in the dugout are all: "Ayyy ammagonaw yea babbadooodee. Ah ah op."
My neighbors didn't know that celebratory discharges of a firearm for New Years had been banned. We slept on the floor away from the window
The #Brewers may end up being a very good team this season. But they are a pretty dreadful one right now.
I feel fat, my boobs are beyond huge and the only action I get now is the Vaginal ultrasound :(
Brian Williams can tell me the news everyday. Oh wait he does.
Thanks Mike! That is our favorite part of the game too!
Loving the Rosebuds! Opening act for Justin Vernon of
I'd play along.
i love his eyes <3
Another whet hot humid day in New York Sorry folks if you like hot weather I hate it Strange thing to say for someone born in the Caribbean
i had to awkwardly sit out today too because my doctors office didnt fax over my note.
i am upset :(
#SongsIListenToEveryday every song!
im tired!
Just completed the outline to my second book...time to get the first one published!
two goals for who?
False! To ensure safety and high rate of success following surgery, patients are evaluated to determine if they're ideal for the procedure.
i-i-i- wanna go-o-o
I told you to stay in bed this morning.
In the kitchen working on my cookbook!!! Why oh why are onions so hard to peel!
Will do! I'm gonna make a flickr page for all to see sometime today. Stay tuned for link. And Fantasy CFB rocks! PSU+OSU=my team!
Out of almond dark chocolate silky smooth promises an a job .:(
There is no substitute for the creative inspiration, knowledge, stability that come from knowing how to contact your core of inner silence.
": People who put lolz #pleasegrowup !!" ok i will try and do that lol
a belated "my pleasure!" to your tweet. Love what you're doing online these days, and I'm happy to help.
Who's this nigga "Jones" ?
you two need to chill and Sam, c'mon man don't be sayin shit like that about his mom seriously.
My song "I need a Love" was selected for "Best of 2011 Student Compilation CD" yaaayy!! this song is on my album"Resilient"-GO
You mean so much more to me than you think.
UMM yeah. This wasn't the final episode. Obviously they couldn't have done that in a finale.
Baby I love you
Metro Exposure workout will be tomorrow from 5 to 830 at Iroquois HS. 72 kids in three sessions.
Miami sites you don't see in DC: old man pushing grocery cart of coconuts down the street with a machete hanging from the cart.
It was an honor and a privilege to welcome Justice Antonin Scalia to Nassau County this week.
speaking of cakes, isn't it somebody's bday? *warming up the swattin' paddle*
No way! We do love Astoria. The trash is my biggest gripe ;) Sorry for the confusion!
I must admit..I am a little tipsy I did drink 5 capri suns tonight
Soon: Sons of Huns, The Angry Orts, Tango Alpha Tango, No Kind of Rider, Log Across the Washer, DoublePlusGood, Jack Ruby Presents & MOAR!!!
Wholesome exercise in the free air, under the wide sky, is the best medicine for body and spirit.
has also joined the pac-16
N Korea launched a rocket and Calipari toured Eastern KY RT Been off the grid all day. Update me on what I've missed? Thanks.
we don't understand it either
Lovely start
Oh yeah u already know, thats not an option. Happy Mothers day to u and yours.
Researchers Find, Test Winds Extending Far From Alabama Tornado&#39;s Path
Thank you. Appreciate the conversation as well. I admire all who venture into public speaking. It is a gift & talent....
hell yes
Well put my friend! RT If the devil had a toy box, it would be full of credentials and suite tickets!
When I don't understand, I will choose You.
Something incredibly beautiful and incomprehensibly ugly: human nature.
WOW is all I can say and
Have you read "The Four Hour Work Week"? I did and I can't wait for those days to come! Until then... back to work
Prefinished Brazilian Teak has warm tan hues with soft tight understating grain, for a subtle rich look for home or business use.5" instock
The first game I played the random user wrote the answer. I passed and then cancelled the game. Totally lame.
Phone with my boyfriend for the rest of the night, goodnight :-)
A4: Change perception by: interact with your organization’s senior leaders. This can directly improve perception.
Well i'm clearly Hispanic
It's #iphone5 day!
The DOGS love you!
RT : You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
Welcome Contact me to make your reservation for the best sushi in
It's weird in a funny way b/c I've been having some serious #SportkingKC withdrawals.
cool! My sister's daughter must be a time lord or perhaps the Doctor's companion!
What? Only 3 pieces of my yummy valentine candy equals a serving? No fair!
I easily cry in movies. >':
Going to see broadway play #comeflyaway tonight at
#FF Fun tech tweeps to get to know! Happy Friday!
Another plus to ereaders, they don't much care how windy it is.
RT : Yea I Know U Seen Them Giants Too! - yeah nigga.I kno u seen dem raiders too.-- We'll run down Yall chest LOL
where are my ladies? Get to
Can't believe I saw Jeff Mangum tonight.
Bring me back to holding hands in the rain, I swear I'd ease your pain
You're pregnant! Congrats on the medical miracle, or a setup for a really odd scam ;)
Oh how I LOVE and her incredible voice!! Beautiful performance of National Anthem!!
Yay! We'll work out time and location later. Details, details...
Let me go and sweep and mop the kitchen. Shit. Been reading this shit for hours and I lost my whole day laughing.
It's a big plane! Lots of movies... you'll love it! ;)
texting my crush.. he should be my boyfriend
Just read like 3 months worth of tweets from
it's ugly lol I look pissed
What are your thoughts on this 70 year old's letter to Obama?
“Remember, we all stumble, every one of us. That’s why it’s a comfort to go hand in hand.” ~Emily Kimbrough
RT :) RT Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright till you hear them speak (via )
Did u get ur twitter back?
that was amazing.
Graduation day.. Ah!
I can't wait!! What a terrific cause!! Taking care of our furry friends & family!!
Metro u r useless after a week of getting on the local instead of the Blueline, I get on the train only to have the transfer local not show.
Smells like ham and cigarettes.
Thanks for stopping by! ": A little up from the planetarium on the levee- cool star-gazing! Thanks !"
Today's kellan's birthday... HAPPY BIRTHDAY KELLAN!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡7
Anyone know of University or Medical School partnering with Wolfram Research to add educational knowledge bases to work with Apple Siri?
Thank You everyone for stopping by and saying Hello today. We appreciate the kind words. And most importantly a great Yank win today!
I don't think the are serious about the #mercedesbenz louisiana superdome.
Holy Waffles..
ok now wait a minute???
Watching Resident Evil 4 After life movie :)
uhh, clarifying, ... wasn't a huge fan like the huge fan i am now ;)
Hi Amir, I'm in Irvine today, and am free until 3pm. Can I buy you lunch or coffee?
Ur everything I expected u wud eventually show me u are lol thanks for exposing urself before I did...
lmao I know! And yes they're hilarious! What about Jasper? He kills me
Dude that was priceless!!! So amazing to see how far Blink has gone and how much has happened! They brought music to my life :D
Bud Light I assume?
Ugghh why'd he had to be sleep.!?
sweet! I feel good thank God! Also got 5hrs of sleep! Woohoo lol
With a porn name like Jimmy Dean, ...hehehe shit - I'll leave that one up to u to decipher.
There once was a team from Nantucket, with a defense like a leaky bucket........
Jealous! Ronan was sending me text updates. Wish I coulda been there.
what an awful notion! Ok color me intrigued by both films.
Anyone using #Cinemagram?
is hanging out on meow right now. Listen in
Is Austin coming back on the radio or?
heaven can wait, i havent finished living my life yet :)
text me I need you
leaving for new york tonight ! so stoked to see all our friends we havent seen in months ! and the show saturday is gonna be a blast too !!!
After 6th & last performance of MozReq in Europe I threw baton at music stand, surprising me & audience alike. I guess I was very emotional!
would love to hang out but I'm gone til next week. :(
Neither shall be happening today
ROME (AP) -- Costa Crociere in Italy: Fire broke out on Costa Allegra ship near Seychelles, all safe.
MAKE IT NASTY! ;*
we like it too !
I am telling the truth
ScoreCenter just NOW sent me the right notification
Where's Peter Pan? I don't want to grow up.
Happy black history month!!!! #holiday #represent hahahahahaha
Last minute shopping for young kids? Find Twisterz at Barnes & Noble, Amazon, and many local toy stores!
hahahaha ikr! We crack each other up 😉
Rex raves about Coples' ability, and saying he has good grasp on defense "Like his confidence _ and the good thing is we'll hold him to it."
General aging, as well, can contribute to hair thinning
Because your kids already think you're a tool.
Awesome. Thanks for unfollowing. Why?
The only thing that will make me happy right now, is a double big gulp of sprite. (aka, a kidney stone) Untill then, I'll be a grouch.
My arm hurts like a bitch today....no good..
sounds AWESOME.
ah that's disturbing
Thanks enjoying it MT Listening to give presentation about Fulbright alumni involvement.
Hope everyone has a productive day!
"Okay, I'm going to make me some eggs, sit down, then you'll leave, b/c I'm going to masturbate while watching Mad Men." Me, to the husband.
So frustrated and Im seriously tempted to skip work today and just go bang the fuck out of Bijou!
Have a great night all you FAC Heads out there!! Stop by tomorrow and receive 10% off all concentrates!!! And don't forget 4 gram eighths!!!
#RnBThrowBacks : All I Need ~ Mary J ft Method Man
Awesome work folks! See you Thurs.
its only funny to you if you dont let the other people in on it and they think your crazy
RT : Fmr Sec Tom Ridge notes governors understand value of development in opening overseas markets for their states' goods.
Excited to see Sacha Baron Cohen in character as Aladeen on the #Eredcarpet at the
you are really funny!
It's peek and not peak lol :)
So this is what it feels like to not have a sinus infection... wow
Kendall looking as amazing!!!
I'm sorry to hear that man. You made it further then I ever have, so you're winning in my book!
& to EVERYONE, a Very Happy Saturday Afternoon! :)
Reality always seems to catch up with you.
We American Directioners will back you up all the way!! VOTE VOTE VOTE for 1D!
I think its safe to say that every Streisand song is about 5 min too long!
Had the opportunity to see Bryce Harper last night... Think Washingtonians are in for a real treat w/the future of Nats baseball
Glad I know who my real friends are.
Don't wake me up, 'cause my thrill is gone.
Mexican Coke uses real sugar and has become cultish
Much Love to ALL the independent bookstores, especially the ones that are working hard to keep there doors open.
We appreciate the love Kristin. Becoming mayor might be a tough challenge. You can do it! One latte at a time.
society doesn't care about veterans. we lose comrads, bust our cannons and get nothin in return but an ass to kiss. im vexed!
Boston College AT McNeese State?? Is that correct?
Happy Mothers day! im so thankful for my mom<3 #MuchLove :)
really beautiful tonight. Perfect weather.
Movie night
Thanks for following! Great platform you have created. We look forward to connecting in the future.
