dependin on the beat 1 can go from 50-100 for exclusive..
I am full af
Wish i were right now - getting some great tweets about all the #music and #food!
You're full of Sith. Get it? Sith? Hahaha
I HATE SEEING PEOPLE STRESSED OUT
The joy formidable was fucking awesome at keep it gnarly cage the elephant!
Thanks for the follow! Feel free to ask questions about our online employee scheduling software for restaurants...
If ya work hard you can do it! That's what I'm going for, broadcast journalism. And minor in journalism and computers
9/20/1941: Several thousand Jewish women & children were executed at the Kovno, Lithuania, synagogue after being held there for 3 days
I'm riding wit OKC
thanks babes I'm so trying
Rajon Rondo has been suspended for game 2 vs Hawks on Tuesday for bumping into an official.
Working on a complete overhaul of the Technigami website using responsive design, and the twitter bootstrap starter. Powered by Pinax
Not a single one.
would like to meet with you.
“: I don't give two fucks about anything nowadays.”
Thanks to the Ohio Military Reserve for joining the Walk. Big boots, big hearts.
RT - I HAVE to get my Cleveland Indians hat before the concert! Oh and my black G-SHOCK would help too cough cough
Maybe...I don't handle suspense well...
I am a Dodgers season ticket holder. Don't feel bad if it rains. They will always reschedule. As long as opening day is good.
aye but father's day can kiss my #BallCleavage though. if we being real
I apologize on behalf of all chilies and we hope you will give us another try when your taste buds have forgiven you.
I'm in chicago have fun tho-- I'll come next Saturday!
omg ikr I sound like my Grandma:-D
Don't You Love The Fairytale Movie's And Then Realize It's RealLifee And You Would Be Lucky If You Could Have That Relationship .
The Palazzo Suite from $129 a night: A lavish suite and renowned amenities from just $129 at The Palazzo Las Vega...
Off to Venice! Perfect beach day.
absolutely! We need to know how many, what time, and what name to put the reservation under.
RT : "A person and an animal is two different people.." Wise words, Waka. Wise words..
Rainy day over here..
Just what we need, another senior advisor to fix our broken city
you going to the farm saturday??? im gonna try and make it.
Not a fan of Gia anymore...another girl turned ugly due to an attitude
<<- please please follow me i <3 u so much!!! Much love- Leah<3
thank you as well!
Lol yes even )); Ur Lucky Ur Cutee Ha ha U got a phone??
#Actors - Antonia Dauphin casting ASSIA 30 Black Female Light Skinned for "Nous York." Other Film, TV & Theatre castings daily in the app!
Drunk as anything while fishing,i can't cast right ,got some1 2 type this 4 me
Artist Rodney McMillian Just dropped off his AMAZING piece 4 's #ITAOTC Auction! BETTER Get Your Bids In!!
I cannot officially comment at this time. Also: !!!!!!!!!!
much obliged broseph! May the best man
so, are you offline right now, or permanently?
ha I'm very loyal to my teams, even if they are terrible (Astros, Red Sox, Cowboys) I suffered thru the early 90s Mavs
On The Communications Blog today by : Ensuring Your Corporate Employee Newsletter is Relevant - wp.me/pZXZB-5u
like can I text it to you? Lol
Your Dreams Are Within Your Reach
Sorry. I lost my cool. People keep pushing my buttons.
Haha... Ya, it's weirdly embarrassing.
Check out Me and new video on youtube!! Its awsome!! :)
yea I'm with u there..the #playoffbeard will be back and it will be glorious! Ps,I hope Cruz don't crap da bed here
Well it was either gonna be heartbreak now or later
luckyy all we want is alli to be in our mentions.
I fell..
It's my best physical attribute.
now that I know that I can type foofle instead of google... foofle it is.
I have two Tickets to Tonight's Mustangs game and will give them out to the first person who tells me who they're playing and at what time
fat dude got alot to say today
We're scanning 1,500+ pages of Civil War documents at the in KC! After this, we'll be so close to 5,000!
yeah me too i need to come in twice for maths! O whens your prom!
My moms mothers day gift came in woohoo
An Alpha man is a thinking man.
I'm just laughing at the peeps that picked him up
I dont think she will ever realize how much I cared :( so long I tried & when I do.. "miscommunication?" Can I settle for friendzone?
Having Your own car is the BEST!.
RT : Lakefront Brewery Tour (well worth the $6)
man john carter was weak
Are you staying in Vegas for the PLO8 on Thurs?
shit dude, I blew down from 15-19 years old. I'd run through a QP a week back in the day but a honky has to grow up sometime
I just started this book this morning. Only a few pages in, but wondering at the choice of 3rd person vs. 1st.
I love hedley, amazing music!
I miss Waldo, the cute little black squirrel who followed me home :(
Ugh....Drop dead Bathtub Boy. Don't you realize how fucking stupid you look with all that make up on. STFU Pancake Face....
always try to be in the good mood
RT Got art? We have free wall space...
HBS's Admissions Director Dee Leopold says R2 admit emails go out at noon on Thursday. Phone call congrats will follow.
Inspired Musings: Exposed to pornography - who is to blame?
until your mom tells you that she hates me. Haha
What would you order if you were here right now?
Too goddamn sunny... Where's the rain?.
Glad the cargo is safe!
some one is happy today
That's what I wondered. I saw a clip of him working over a reporter in this past, but this latest one was nothing like that.
How has ur day been???
Im getting supper sleepy listening too pastor >.<
I really don't want to do this research paper. Why! 😭😖😭
Now there you go again you say, you want your freedom, now who am I to keep you down.
as in songs i know aren't cool anymore, but i don't care!! xD
Catching up on email after a few hectic weeks
Will do
Two weeks to Father's Day. Do you know what your getting Dad?
MO state puts in a man up goal with 5mins left in game. 10-8
Thank you for vouching for my crazy!
Thanks Braden! RT When in #milwaukee for check out
RT : I want a hippopotamus for Christmas. That is all./Only a hippopatamus will do!
Can you deliver by helicopter? That would rule.
Thank you for the follow :)
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
I street
This is like teaching in the winter in Taiwan, but with less jumping up and down.
how about were perfect for each other. There.
I must be a man of my word, and go through with what I say and do.
Why can't Sheree talk right? LOL #RHOA reunion
Accidentally found Morton Downey Sr. (and Jr., listed as Sean) in #1940census -- CA ED 60-220, sheet 62-A. Y'know, in case anyone cares.
Sometimes I wish i could just fast forward through time just to see if it's all worth it in the end.
Congrats! I used to teach foreign language at SCPS...
See I'm On One Dj khaled
The Great Good Workplace -- Wednesday at noon with, among others, Eliot ; what makes a great shop?
Tomorrow school then workout at the rec then practice with #pumas verga tengo mucho sueño
hi! You look so pretty in your profile picture!
Nysaa andrefsky hated bifaces more common and studied in n America than elsewhere
be selenatico is to be, good person and a person who loves animals!
RT : Instead of facing media before Quail Hollow, Tiger Woods will answer Facebook & Twitter questions from fans on website.
I am sick of efforts in public health to pathologize black women.
I don't even know what to say to that...
36 HOURS TO GO
This is most non-neutral Super Bowl I've ever been to. #giants #allin #GiantsStadiumWest #whereareallthepatsfans?
Social networks & Internet Radio helped close the communication gap since the #haiti quake. I guess they'll help there too
The Marina Tooth Fairy Rocks!!!!!! :D They are the best!!
Me: Dad, I want 2 go to a 50 cent concert. Dad: oh wow ! Here go 1 dollar , take your brother too .
We Know Why the Caged Elephant's Appendix Burst
Adult fleas you see on your pet are only 5% of fleas- other 95% live in your carpet, on your furniture and in your yard.
Hello Twitter!!
RT IKR...ITS A MINDLESS SHEEP!!!!!!!! : Auto correct is a bastard. <Read it, Learn it, Live it>...<XXXBeStraightEdgeXXX>
k then duckface please *click* perfect! We have a winner :D
thank you
I've lost the only thing that matters.
not mine hahahahahaha
This friday, just saw it on their Twitter!
Snagged tickets for walking tour of & as a 60th bday gift to Dad. Great event! He'll love it.
Glad zay sleep & not calling my name!!!!
It look like her ass is swollen lol
I can't believe Chris Brown hit that.
@ Side note if u use and watch E! It went HD today. You need to re-add channel 236 to see it.
hey riggs your the best superstar ever
DANCE POLL: Would you rather Shake Your Rump, Step Hotly or Pump Up Jams?
Why hello, old friend!
Absentee voting in the #recallelection starts today. This is for the may 5 election
If they had rehab for Diet Coke, you would be surprised how many would line up.
Quick, make an old year's resolution!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a girl that's in shape and is not lazy
Getting ready for a date. It'll be refreshing to spend some time w someone who is intellectually stimulating!
Peeping the new Android Hero with Matty at Victory. They covered Big Black!
Who that on the pole?? Is you that on the pole??
Y U NO COME TO TAMPA FL?
Yeah the last one you got WAS the one has! <3
love you guys continue to prove the haters that said you don't care about UK wrong... Go Big Blue!!!
RT : Hey #pdx did you know that has a new mobile app? It's cool (free!) and will even remember where you parked. :)
Dresses with pockets are perfection. 
Aaaaannnnnnddddd I now have a twitter... who would a thought.
i will never say never, <3
Is that regardless of the user's phone?
Happy Thanksgivingtime friends. Be blessed.
I need to start getting into bed sooner.
Got the smartest and sexyest bartender working tonight yes
Never think your irreplaceable. If you will do it someone else will too...and better
Of to skool...math,science,choir and Texas history here I come!(:
were def going up bro no doubt about that. I'm trying to pick up as many shares as I can at this level. Only north from here. :)
Damn iPhone fucking up mine 2 : Why is my phone still being a little bitch?! Still cant refresh my mentions
Disappointing end to the Cards game. Think I'll go for a run.
New York Giants will play Chase Blackburn as two-down MLB - NFL News
searching for a SENIOR FINANCIAL ANALYST in #CLEARWATER #ACCOUNTING #HIRING $$$$ email #RESUME to
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Almost all child support cases automatically start an Attorney General monitoring and enforcement case now.
At the neurologist getting my head checked out X_X
outside, enjoying the day before it ends. ♥
have to follow all these super divas, morning ladies!
love it
ayyy u at home?
They say that sex burns as many calories as running 8 miles. Who in the hell runs 8 miles in 30 seconds??
Glad to be on my break
My point was that by manipulating the CPI USPS can't charge why it needs
hahaha, nope:) hot will be the 110+'s. You see why my running club in summer is the 4amclub instead of the ; )
what do you mean?
Being in college and u don't go to class
RG3 for 3 first round picks? Man that's just wayy too much for a potential contender. RG3 sure has a lot on his plate this soon NFL season.
I would give up everything, I would leave it all behind, I would turn my life upside down just to be with you.
Tough loss, but so so proud of
why is the produce at #costco better than #wholefoods?
one of my fav Knicks ever love to see you return with this new squad
Being single sucks
Just saw someone who was just like me a year ago...Boy was I foolish. Thank God I'm not there anymore.
scream and chant with them, and smoothly throw in "and it's ok to be gay"
Coldplay. The scientist. On repeat.
Why does everyone assumes that if I get hit by a bus I'll die? Poor bus, I say.
Yes, a little high-priced I agree, but journals and art supplies are my healthy downfal/addiction LOL.
"He's 18 and only asks to hang out in the park" "hell yeah he stuck in the 6th grade" hahahahaha
Halloween Special: Makeup by the fabulous & Hair Syle for $75! Hurry, appointments will not last: 206.264.7901
ok *cough marlins cough* btw which section did you get? :)
Today's practice runs 11:10-1:35 at the Kroc Center as the team preps for the rematch against the on Saturday.
Luckily I have two friends that I can really spazz with :) but watch one day the whole world will be spazzing :)
Wonder what she wears to Targét, diamonds or pearls....
Hi Bill. Thanks for reaching out, but I don't have any new news to share about family data plans.
Don’t miss Delaware’s Elena Delle Donna vs. Kansas tonight (ESPN2, 9:30). I’ve seen her play live; her 39p, 11r vs. UALR were no fluke.
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetMeMad , Wakinq Me Up Without A Valid Reason -.-
Your spirit is the only thing that transcends time and space.
Covering this charity event full of student athletes, I am absolutely the uncool kid in high school once again.
The only plus to being late to work ...... listening to on
Finally a girl that can sing
#sca2012 And now: Nancy Enneking at Getty. Recent initiative to define needs and implement program for managing born-digital.
Like my dear cuban friends would say "Tremendo chower afuera."
1500 calories down today only 2500 More to go fml...
Don't be fooled by PACs, media, etc. asking for corps to burn more fuels, use more resources, and run your lives in the sake of prosperity.
Why do ignorant people have to exist, why why why. Go disparate and start your own colony on another planet.
THANKS TO YOU CRISSY!! <3 WE #LOYALS ARE SO BLESSED TO HAVE YOU <3 YOU ROCK <3 :)
Is it normal for a person's eyeballs to hurt when they get a headache?? >.o
All part of my diabolical plan to get you to spill your guts. :) Thanks for being such a great guest!
im going on a road trip next summer lol i was gonna visit you! lol
Had a beautiful walk down to my polling place to cast my vote against Scott Walker! #47 in line. GREAT feeling!
Survey: Consulting and project management are most common services offered
HEY! you still working at that place? I have a question about a job I spied! thanks!
it also ensures that membership is the #1 source of revenue
Happy #Valentines Day everyone. Single or taken come out tonight $20 select bottles of #wine. 1 free pizza with purchase!
THANK YOU!! Ive got these- Crazy, Hopsin, W.C. Tribe, jet fire, imthedevil, nasty chant, intro, off the pill, aintnohipster,
We're all back to grinding today. That makes it a Fujiyama Monday!
If we give a little love maybe we can change the world . <3
no challenge exists that can not be won
Huge comeback by Duke. Rivers with the game winner from 25 ft.
good morning, it's a great day to be alive share the love to someone else today
Man its hot as shit on this train.
but i work! What about wendsday?
lets be honest... you'd still be walking around naked even if you had roommates
Let's go Lady Trojans bring that trophy back home where it belong!
Gearing up for build week! 10am wall raising ceremony on Monday
so bennu-jealous right now. Come play sf, and bring one of their comfy chairs with you?
Academic humor is the best kind!
Check out
merry xmas everyone
In life you cant succeed if you cant fake smile and show effort..i know im young but i've done seen way more than the average -AyoRich!.
Coffee croissant and the road! Good start to the day!
": Think for yourself & question authority" <<< he's 15 and he knows it let's go!
so was Nelson Cruz. Last 3 at bats against him he has 3 hr
Doing something good and productive today. Gonna volunteer at the Children's Home Society :)
Gotta have major plumbing work done so and I are having a "business" lunch.
No matter what you've done 4 you/humanity, if you can't look back on love and attention 2 your own family, whatve you really accomplished?
What the hell is up with this weather?
Have you tried one of our green juices? Super Healthy...and delish!
For lent, i'm giving up trying to stop drinking.
about to start reading: El alegato :) hope this will be a great book :) kk bye :)
Gotta love this time of year..
You are never too poor to give. Take a look at the poor widow in Luke 21. Give what you have and leave the rest to God.
He's never going to get past Nadal on clay
After working on a couple film projects that tried to maintain absolute secrecy it is really refreshing to see tweets
Hahahaha! Come on ! Give the kid a chance!
Wow. #LightsOutAsia's new song, "She Played With Time," just leveled me. Been a long, long time since that happened.
My Milkshake Brings All The Boys To The Yard && D**m Right It's Better Than Yours *Peter Griffin Voice * , Ctfu
If I have curves, I'm fat. If I wear makeup, I'm fake. If I like to dressed up, I'm a hoochie. If I say what I think, I'm a bitch.
#toast the YULE LOG 2010!!!
theres a train on 267 ...just saying go around : )
In calling local distributors it's ASTOUNDING that these people have no idea what Hopslam is. A few do but most sound confused
First official day as a working woman again! About 6 hours in, my brain is still absorbing information like a sponge . . .
- Omg - considering where he was picked?!? Atrocious!
Ur welcome...Goodnight and sweet dreams
So far this weekend has been great, let's keep the networking going!
are you really?I aghhhhhh. D: OH MAN. Sorry i didnt tell you!
Happy birthday: SOON:
On a certain level, I do find a measure of comfort in that. Now I'm just trying to blank the visual of a bleached nether region :/
RT : Have you had a chance to try our #GreenBeer? You read it right GREEN BEER! Make a stop here Mo's for a great time!
AC/DC's "It's a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock-and-Roll)" has a long bagpipe keyboard solo. Recalibrate accordingly.
I appreciate him doing the #3 proud! RT : He's back!! Haha welcome back to twitter buddy
The Fountain is Back ON. It's such a good day.
. Something's been brought into my office I need to deal with. I'll call before I head home.
Dear Hair, I'm sorry I burn you, cut you, and tie you up. But I'll always, always love you.
I'm awake so early the sun hasn't risen.
get ur ass on the game moe
Kinda ready to go home. Might cut today short.
Can't wait for the Breakfast with the #RedSox SVP of Marketing! I'll be there representing Herb Chambers Honda in Boston!
Trying to go 1 or 2 more times
RT Seven factors to consider when selecting optical media (CDs, DVDs) for long-term #digitalpreservation http:...
You'll have to get me before the raptors do. They are quick and ravenous creatures.
- will be in #Vegas for her sisters 21st and the pools and nightclubs works certainly be a way to celebrate.
I think today is a bowling day.
I was there yesterday. It was so sweet! LOL!
#NP Brand New Guy -A$AP
Work done. Emails answered. Short workout. Dinner cooked. Blog posted. Only thing left for today? Draft wedding ceremony. FML cc: ;)
at Intel Corp headquarters w/ friend & former colleague John Manferdelli, Intel Senior Principal Engineer. (Obnoxiously, he is )
Stuck in 8th period because of the lightning alert!(: this is the only time i like having and outdoor school.
MT ": I'm sick to death of affected, entitled, mostly white, ... //Don't sugar coat it man, tell us how you really feel :}
I see using it in a different way than others
I'm ready for lunch.
that's an easy trip....I'm down with it. Anytime.
I love my Sundays! CLC Celebration lifts my soul! LV Men's Chorus is wonderful & so much fun to work with! I have a good life! Grateful!
I am suffering from #bubbletea deficiency
When you call your parents to ask where they are and the reply is the emergency room. :// not good.
Report from the Swiss Volvo Meeting – A colorful classic PV :United ...
yeah he's so cute...<3
Why do people interrupt my sleep and text me trying to have a conversation at 10:30 on a school night. Bro don't mess with my sleep
sometimes, all i need is a tweet or dm from you to bring a smile to my face <3
Nope its very strange if you ask me! :)
Convenient the packers were at home. They don't have to go far when their season ends.
good game guys, dont let this get to you! we are still
Wrote that down in my notes :D
Hm. Interesting. Thanks for the insight!
I just watched some stoop kid videos and there so hilarious!!!! :) love yoy
It is. RT : That looks awful. Just awful.
Getting pumped for the next MONDO ITALIA DANCE PARTY on Thursday. We'll be debuting an EPIC new tune!!!
RT : I can't help but think if Jack Bauer was on the Titanic everyone would have survived!
Insane. Still better that a cellphone though.
Thanks for the follow!
well you asked..
#brewers do damage to Carpenter. Then can't hit bullpen.
what A fn bs call.
Just beat #Portal2 I'm going to scream.
How old you be now?
If all ur #Instagram pics r u smokin..u need somthn to do and rehab
I like everything you put on
matt where the hell were you in earth n space today?
Ashley Judd is on ABC right now kicking ass and taking numbers in Italian.
IRS: Estate of Anna Nicole Smith Owes Back Taxes - NBC Chicago
really!? dangit! i gotta dvr it next go round.
Loving 's overhauled website, and their integration with #pinterest is great value add for pinners!
#Cleveland rocks! We are ready for inductions. Everyone show your Cleveland pride this weekend.
Yes, just a few weeks ago! It was probably the strangest thing I have ever seen: amazing at times, perplexing at others.
Two amazing shows Friday! Gavin Jones CD Release @ Redamte & Late In the Playoffs/Circus Fires/Juneau @ The Loft! More !
That's helpful...thinking of self-doubt as just a natural process to be dealt with, rather than a failing to overcome.
Former WCW star Buff Bagwell was reportedly in a car accident and is now in intensive care.
Change the music to the type of mood I want the sex to be. Everything from pretty ricky to heavy metal.
Streaming NOW: Entrepreneur mentor 's LIVE #ElevateRevolution online event. Learn to grow your business w/ personal purpose....
I sent an email in for The Wanted one a few days ago! Are you still doing that one?
your birthday sunday come on
Thank You :)
Hlep me out: a pony tail actually looks like a pony's tail..how does adding a second one make them Pig tails?
Gotta love the Campbell Fightin Camels on a 18 gm win streak!
Ladies, which is harder? Being home with your children or being at the office?
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone else planted a tree long ago. -Warren Buffett
wtf ah so mad I'm missing this right now
Prove That Youre The Best Racer! The fastest game ever
Listening to Tim O'Reilly gives me chills
All the dude had to do was step and take a charge when Siva drove!!!
are you seeing the Evan's?
It comes to a point where u just take it for what it's worth and let things fall where they may smh is what it is I guess....
ladies and gents how are we today?
I'm not dumb Michelle, I knew what it was. xD
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I did a lot more reading than writing.
im so excited about #mdla! You're my favorite! And it airs two days after my birthday! Its a present for me. ;)
Thanks for the RT!
Uh, sure. How's Santa Fe?
thanks for letting a SC librarian join in
No more papers to write for a long time!
already making excuses. typical tar heel
whenever u ready
Hey Kansas how about we put away this non-ranked Kstate? Huh sound like a good idea? Thanks!
Once you laugh at something, it ceases to have power over you. Sonia Choquette
Happy new years everyone
tell me about it. I started the day at the Dry Cleaners.
aww thank you!! you're awesome too!! :-)
what the fuck does it take do get a job these days
I am torn between Wyatt aka Captain America, Billy and George from Easy Rider.
I'll have the desk call to confirm. ": That bright thing making everything have shadows is the sun right?"
Just saw a spider in my room but I lost it before I could kill it.
"Maybe if you played an eight-string then this wouldn't be a problem"
Missing #smbmad this morning! Hope it was great - & !
Home Security: How Important It Is for You and Your Family? Call Alliance Security -- no obligation-- 877-760-2143
#whosgonnalose - top of the hour 9am et - picking all week-17 NFL games will tweet results
Hmm(: your pretty cute(:
ur so absolutely gorgeous!
I don't know...but I smell a win tonight!
Walked through an empty airport... Got a stamp from Canadian custom... Now I wait...
yes it is! I am still laughing that u said that to the front desk lady bhhahahah
Got a ride to work! Old lady sees me in uniform and decides to give me a ride.....
On my way to Charlottesville for www.madisonpllc.com client meetings.
RT : crash in Natick is at exit 13 (WB)-------Thanks John!
it was quite the doozie!
That's your call
Chip Kelly to NFL? Did Darron Thomas know? And is Kelly leaving because of future sanctions for Ducks? All very maniacal.
Clean Bong is good Bong
You have a wonderful program Congratulations on a great idea and a much needed experience for youth!
at least I knew how to cancel the request :P
WELCOME TO THE BLUE HELL RSL!
Star Arguments, The Empire Taps You on the Shoulder
It's a Sunday, I'm only using 0.1% of the usual 2% of my brain functions, So yea not much! :D
Haha! My real name is Jessica Garcia.
Comedy tonight at the haha comedy club starting at 8. Get your funny bone tickled. . .pervert
#FF Rob Thomas for the wisdom and humor, the poetry and the most of all, generosity.
i already used half of my data...i blame twitter.
Beautiful Saturday morning in Dallas!
They just gave me a shot In my mouth !!!!
Change is the essence of life. Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become.
Lesnar too probably. But oh please let them fire Lorenitis.
woke up this morning watched CBS Sunday Morning from 8-9:30 then took a nap till noon. No breakfast, I'm all napped up.
wearing sweat pants even though it's hot outside.
i remember whe you only had 50,000 followers! &ever since i have asked everyday for you to follow me..& i am still waiting plz
you closed your mom is ordering. Twilight new movie right now.
our k is very similar to 1st grade here. Eoy reading and writing expectations must be met to go onto 1st grade
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Beautiful Surprise is AMAZING!!
Congratulations to all of #FutureGunFilms for their amazing premieres last night! -JO
If you missed it: All followers/friends will get exclusive info and chances for tix to our #GrandOpeningCelebration in May! Pass it on.
Your life is like a painting!
Tomorrow is a busy day..,.😣
The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas. - Linus Pauling
My pleasure. Have a great night.
What if this is the real Drew Butera? Wilson Ramos who?
It would be very helpful if you could provide the answer to the question that I asked. That is?
It's Homicide I'm Killin Em
At this rate, Vincent Jackson may score in Tampa before the #Bruins do.
go home and enjoy beers!
Best place to stay in Las Vegas (pricewise) is Blair House Suites!
Peace tea #win .. Polar express #gametied driving to jasper indiana
all part of Peabody's holiday season concerts all this week and next!
asap!!! I need some lemonade too!!!
You're welcome!
RT : Added to family. RT : Pirate Marketing Guy, you're one of us. ;)
lol ikr xP but thats ok lol nice to talk to yoou again! And me too, but im in school right now xP lol
Acts that proceed from your calm center are always more effective than acts that proceed from fear, guilt, or anger.” ― Alan Cohen
1 show on Thursday
Happy birthday to my best friend, sister, caregiver, and beautiful mother!
Today is an especially exciting day. Tonight is College Night and Banana Pudding Milkshakes are HERE! Deals start at 5pm.
CEO challenge: Define processes in early days. Over time, your focus must shift solely to agency growth. Can't do it all.
there are like 10,000,000 springfeilds so can you confirm which state because I'm about to have a CORONARY
#sayyestothedress with mom ((:
in due time they definitely will bruh. Promise
I blame for me being cranky today. -_-
No. But only because I didn't see it in time.
I approve, hence teacher approval is neither necessary or relevant! How's that for decisive?!?
I'm impressed w/ u following ur fans &adding a response to each request/reply. Whoever ur digital marketing adviser is must rock
Whatever you say about cons is justified, what we say about liberals is over the line. How convenient. And typical
Check out , a new blog about the bearded lifestyle!
#NoLie, My cat has been laying down watching TV for about half an hour, So I turned off the TV, and he stared at me until I put it back on.
What the hell is going on on #Scandal right now?!
We will be closed Sunday Feb 6th. Thank you for your business.
oh well ur so lucky
If I was Head Coach I would have ran the Ball until I got a first down
I know everything happens for a reason; but sometimes i wish that i knew what that reason is.
Kowba: But if there is no MY cut, we stand a good chance, have the ability to avoid insolvency
Please forgive the previous tweet - twitter mishap! Happy holidays!
Lady Ga Ga Rocks : )
so for lunch...walked around, talked to a coworker and drank some h20
The only way you will get her gt is from her and you need to try to tweet and hope she gets it she gets alot of tweets
asian girls &gt;&gt;
please let this be the night mean bully girls get fired from #celebrityapprentice. i think we've endured enough-end this national nightmare!
To shoot them for a project.
You keep tweeting about the thing I am about to tweet about. You're speaking my truth.
Well my bracket was good...
because sexism itself includes none of those things, of course... *sigh*
Billy Hunter is holding out for your 47/53 shoes.
I realize its useless to contest parking tickets because they don't respond until AFTER the due date...
What do they handcuff them to now? RT RT : You don't see many briefcases handcuffed to people's wrists these days.
Michael Jackson Is Beautiful
I fucked up my toe somehow.
oh, so you wanna argue? bring it! i got my caps lock ON!
I hate this place with a passion..
not a lot of peeps quote
I love my mother <3 she's amazing no matter what arguments we've gotten into. ❤😊
Welcome to Twitter!
#Eagles playing with no heart. Where is your dignity?!
DEALING WITH THE DEATH OF MY FATHER IS HARDER THAN I THOUGHT SMH RIP DAD LOVE YOU
Could this mean lots of job opportunities soon at the highest executive levels at Wal-Mart?
hawkish altruism (HA) side project update: I was right RE tragedy of HA vis-a-vis average payoffs and within-group conflict! Publishable!
Congrats to #WabashCollege Class of 2012!
whad up new franz :)
We are looking to bring more designers on board to work with our customers and clients. Please contact us if interested.
I got the app last week...will check it out
#GoodMorning So focused that nothing else fits in the picture. Stay positive.
thank you so much! Followed :)
That or hammering on 401k-ness of the thing. People are anti pension but don't love 401ks neither.
when people think there famous coz they auditioned for bgt.
Collins girl friend is so ugly and fat
Counting to ten.
this is what Rush is talking about ... Number one threat to our freedom is over educated single women
Im constantly hearing creepy noises in my house that a very disconcerting.
Lol its true though
Bernie's comments sound very familiar for this stage of the game. He's got the pressure down pat ...
woow i just realized i havnt tweeted in forever
i have on full rajasthani makeup right now and nothing to do other than microwave food.
That is a little tempting.
Thank you for the tarot gates. I'm a citizen of Tarot Town and really enjoying the journey. :)
follow us now and getv 10 bids for free
If Potato is going to become a veg then I want rice classified as a veg to... skinny white peas!
Maybe not a year..but it's been a long time..too long! haha
How many tears do i have to cry to officially have no more tears?
watching Thor and gettin hyped for the week #MarkLogic World, Assemble!
its spelled instagram*..... embarrassing
Thanks also to , , Charlaine Harris, Karin Slaughter and David Hosp. Hope you all had as much fun as we did!
Looks awesome Mario enjoy! Typical wet & cold here
Lifetime Earnings of Artists www.chronicle.com
it expanded the vocabulary of painting but lost the properties that only painting as a media can achieve.
night night y'all
Jim carey has a point, a woman knows when her man is not on the up&up and a lot of woman stay or have a blind eye for less
agreed again. They match up best with us, but I can't see the Packers losing this one. I expect the crowd to play a MAJOR factor.
You will be able to walk...how well is up to you :)
And the Giants were the better team!
my 2nd block teach said we can do a paper on whatever i want so gess what... i get to spend all of class googleing one direction teehee
m bells! I shall be sneaking some of that back from michigan for the #cioppino sprint!
It’s Monday #Trivia Time again: What establishment operated upstairs from “Cheers?” Remember, #trivia starts at 6pm.
I am all for anything that creates transparency in museums
Couldn't agree more :)
I Love When Friends Fight, Or Friend Haha!
Crawling in a hole until this game is over.
Hey Development Team! I'm learning all about how NOT to pick a donor database! Much love from San Francisco!
I've got this gut feeling that someday I'll be a fugitive. If I ever get to Mexico, I've got to remember NOT to drink the water.
"Chris grasps her arms and looks into her face. He is overcome by a wave of fierce tenderness."- ANNA CHRISTIE
Now that it's 2012, the resolutions are out and about, what's yours?
wow pretty!!!
looking forward to it (and coffee even sooner!) cc/
oh my goodness that is hilarious
That sounds so bomb. Pork belly? RT : Monday's or Friday's...
#uknourincaliwhen the guy next to you orders one bud after the another for breakfast #LOL!! #yolo hey, it's wednesday mornin, #makeitcount!
DIY Decorating Projects in Our Home - Houston Chronicle (blog)
Morning! "Our greatest challenge -- our greatest opportunity -- is found in these words: 'Choose ye this day...'" ~William Arthur Ward
For you Raburn haters... who do you KEEP: Raburn or Elmon?
As Chp. 2 draws to a close, I'm wondering where the inspirational & transformative leaders are in education today?
I might as well just get a sex change and turn myself in to Emily.
Blame Larry Ellison.
Merry Christmas!
good morning lil bit ! have a good day & i love you <3
Thank you so much, as always! :)
Our specially priced preview tickets for #CHILDREN are selling fast! Previews until Oct 26. Book now: www.tactnyc.org/resources/children.php
Vittoria In the North End.
So #jermainejones was disqualified. I wonder how idol is gunna tell us that though. Lol
you like me too much:p
LOVE mai people
My cousins are funny lol
The fact that it doesn't matter if you see me or not .... </3
Just tried new white strips from CVS...love them! No goop I hate goop!
The oast 2 years I have learned so many lessons.. still seeking those lessons, learning and growing each day...
JUST CONFIRMED: Guest DJ for our 11/11 event at El Rey - Taryn Manning and the White Kidz!!!!! BE THERE!!!
Phil Jackson woulds never drawn up a play like that
Unfollow this page its hackd follow that
It was nice to see #Kroger getting a jumpstart on the holiday with their large display of Cadbury Creme Eggs and Mini Eggs. Happy Easter!
We are cool kids watchin veggie tales :)
Gotta keep things moving, Frank!
...you are supremely, and extremely awesome babe.
thanks for following me.it realy means a lot to me
Haha thanks Judith. That was very kind of you
To people who think I care what others think, NEWSFLASH: I don't. I do what I like and say what I like. If you don't like it, then word.
I'm guessing not a lot of public sector employees were polled.
The Rendezvous is nuts with the late starting... I feel the same way.
Been a long and productive day! Well Goodnight :)
true, that helps.
#np rappers delight on the way to sushi with
Just drank 420 calories worth of beer in a 10 minute segment for #Run4Purpose. Let's just say I am 420c lighter now... hope it was wroth it
into weeping again, and Orpah kissed her mother-in-law farewell. But Ruth clung to her. 15So she said, “See, your sister-in-law #Torah 16/
Food for Thought Thursday! Yams and sweet potatoes are not the same thing! Can you tell us what the differences are?
longest, slowest day ever...
WHATS GOOD FRIEND ...... damn rite i got it ....
it is necessary to design carefully controlled experiments to control for all factors other than advertising.
Do you have a scoop on Bucks/Knicks tickets? RT : I'm 25 years old and a guy named Jeremy is taking the NBA by storm.
Boys Are SO Confusing!
text me!!
so nice to meet you too! we must make it an event again sometime soon!
oh I know I have been a fan for a long time. Funny you say that I was on Clay kick last week!
Bobby V. calls to the bullpen when 'Brass Monkey' cues. The O's will win this...
would you guys ever do a cover with a fan?
Yes please!
ah thanks!
you can do it!!
But she said all that in Vietnamese lol.
After being sick on my bday, my guy & sis surprised me w/ a belated bday dinner last night w/ good friends!
Its 3:30 here in Chicago. Wheres the video? o;
Seriously. Dont make a promise to someone if you cant keep it.
#WhenAustin performs on a stage with fans screaming and cheering for him❤
fort wayne dryvit contractors
Ah.!! I Think Im Sick.
haha I've already been in. You running this weekend?
More strength than has ever been tested. And more to give than you have ever been given.
12 days until #warpedtour. Hopefully I'm not still sick then.. :/
thank you so much!!!!! glad you enjoy it!
Not gonna lie, I've had a few tonight officer.
Good morning ! ( :
Alright, I will just so you can. :) whos the sophomore coach?
we found love- rihanna
I miss chatting with alex!!!
TweetDeck.... you are dead to me. Hello Seesmic.
love you too, and thanks<3 I really hope so.
Sure. Hope, you applied for the open positions on our website. Sending you love and good luck ~ Trojan Family.
Thanks! I'ma get 'em good.
thanks Tony!
I had food poisoning yesterday I feel your pain. Feel better!
$230 back from selling my textbooks. 💰💰💰
First class upgrade =
Great morning celebrating #earlyed at with Barbara Bowman and Nobel Prize Winning Economist James Heckman. Very impressive!
On my first post, it asks what I'm doing...uh, signing up for a twiter account?
thank u! They have me wrapped around their little paws :)
Flattery will go far tonight.} {If I told you someone in this room is gay who do you think it would be?
excellent tweet up today with
Congrats. What does she do? Http://diamondstisilver.com
RT : #vikings chants "Save our team, build it now" already echo in House chamber, stadium debate likely hours away, watch it...
ill be back on tiny chat in 10 minutes thou =)
Spellings tells that #AngryBirds is so 10 min ago. Agreed - I hate birds.
Just asking. I'm highly inquisitive. :))))
I find it funny how thinks ppl will believe he shaved his head..
Tolls are a sneaky way of collecting a user tax. Do you have a say with regard to this tax? No you don't. This is TOLLATION.
East Bown N Down Season número ✌on HBO on demand Diggin those corn rose
Heading to the Everglades with 50 folks from #cof2012 Family Philanthropy conference.
at the Gillette Style Lounge #gilletteSL. if you are in atl for show stop by the Glen hotel.
I accept the terms and conditions without reading them.
Working on essay about stupidity. An earnest, heartfelt, unironic defense of that wonderful human trait, especially as employed by artists.
What I get for making a point of watching most nights, besides up-to-the-minute knowledge, is a mild crush on
you are forgiven.
"That smile could end wars and cure cancer."
O YEAH!! WHATS PLAN B? LOL
Chef Thomas and Mario C from otom restaurant are mixin great drinks at Pops for Champagne right now.
I don't care big you are hoss I'll still knock yur ass out
Q1 I would love some inspiration for displays in medical libraries! Hard to gauge the right attitude.
I go through alot with my disabilty but and another person keeps going
my prediction..he will never lose another match
RT : Thanks for the follow, all. I'll look forward to reading your tweets
Southside Irish parade is back. Let's behave ourselves people..z we don't want it to go away again!
I've been in front of the tv for maybe 20 mins and have seen the IHOP commercial promoting their Lorax menu three times.....
hey guys i'll be at the grove tomorrow come say hi if you find me. :)
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Eli's Cheesecake Chicago - Dessert (live updates)
You watched it dear? Fantastic! I mean, I knew you were awesome from your appearanes on Rick Emerson show but this..even better :D
looking forward to it!
Congrats and good luck! RT : One ISSMA gold down, one to go...
Congrats to our local #GABF winners! 5Lizard, Haymarket, Emmetts, 3FL, Flossmoor, Goose Island, & Piece! It's good to be a chicago beergeek!
Haven't been on all day what's up!?
Yes (Ray Voice)
There's a dream that strings the road a broken glass for us to hold And I cut so far before I had to say
I want love to walk right up and bite me. Grab a hold of me and fight me. Leave me dying on the ground.
Why are you discussing Aquarius???
I've had some older Black folks tell me that if Martin had just identified himself to Zimmerman, he'd be alive today.
It's the perfect day for a double header.
Dating Tip 8: At dry events (like your cousin's wedding?), remember to check his ID first.
And I hope you like your pictures facing down, as even broken hearts may have their doubts.
Final Destination 5 and 'Laugh at my Pain' O!! I'm in there!!! Midnight premier
“: Halfway to the bar, my flip-flop broke. But I soldiered on.” #priorities ;-)
he said to me "hey cheap girl!" #compliment?
"nobody ever pays me in gum!!!"
I think I missed some things.... ok.. so ... Are Sam and Mercedes together or not? lol Dang it...
unintentional all nighter...success?
Don’t miss out on the Inaugural Swamp Dash & Bash in Gainesville,fl Saturday, November 12, 2011. www.swampdash.com
I'll be there for about 5 days. Then back to LA.
am I doin this right or am I twittin wrong?
Serendipity for dinner. Can't wait for this frozen hot chocolate!!!
:) Thanks rat!
The cost per inmate in Michigan went down between 2001 and 2005.
burned 267 calories doing 30 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
did I miss you all?! On way back to town from event...
excited for today,got the whole crew working on this one for over a year! Rod designed&made a custom backdrop+photo & film
Get 15% off this weekend only with promo code: midnov15 (good through 11/22/2009)
I love a challenge
I'M SO EXCITED I'M GOING TO PICK UP MY NEW SUB 1500 W OF PURE BASS!!!
It felt awkward every time we were together .. Thatz why im not giving a fuck right now Bettch
Glad the weekend is here... Coffee in hand....and short week next week!
Pretty upset I'm missing the JEFF show with the Fox Fun boys.
I HOPE U FEEL BETTER
hm. I'll have to think on that. Had that thought in White Material for a second. Haven't seen Friday Nights. 35 Shots is a fav.
When a person talks about you, it's not what they say..it's what you believe...
Thank Edwin 4 the #ff! have a good weekend
Gordon what were facial reactions of atty's and nic?
Shouldn't have ate all that food.
I pay these niggas with a reality check
Naw I can do it.. its not that difficult Brad
thanks, try to contribute a bit if you can ...any help is welcome if you have time
drove my truck for the first time today :) blasted country haha
thanks for sharing your story with us today.
idk what to say... I'll try make my next one more bad ass
Watch out San Miguel tonight I'm wit &
ahaha... mine & 's convo. shush loser. never. never say never. who? when? later. why? bc it's ? DUH.
I was on the set of IFC's Portlandia last night. This is going to be an incredibly funny look at Portland. Can't wait for the show in 2011.
Bang bang! On the door baby!
At slumdog. pre movie crap is brutal. yuck
Oh yea?
beer and beans diet?
At least he's consistent.
It's a Wiz Khalifa song. I can't remember the name of it though.
nice u get n e hits
Closing in on 2 AM CDT. Wondering if theREA auction will be over by breakfast. Still about 60-70 bids coming in every 10 minutes or so.
Rehearsing today for EEF at Warner Theater - Tix are $20.
Johnny is, without a doubt, an adorable little dude.
Portland Cello Project and Emily Wells at Cedar Cultural Center ...
I had the biggest crush on Allen Iverson when I was little LOL
Be good or be good at it...
Delta online check-in is a joke. Step1: Click on a custom link from email Step2: Enter information that should be pre-populated.
nice! Are you doing #mybootcamp with Grant or the other trainers?
omg yes RT : Every time I try to find new primary care doctors, I get so frustrated that I just give up.
Dream was beyond crazy. Even I was bothered
depends if you want your bike to actually shift.
hahah. was that message about summer finally here pre-programmed?
I don't guess I get to stay in bed all day.
what me and u both come into work like "what" *hands in the air*
i'll have to look at some photos & figure out who it was.
I am not a girl that can ever be defined .
Time to start taking a fresh look at the real issues facing Americans today.
there is a great interview of him in Netflix. Sendak is even more interesting in the in-person interview!
... not to mention the asymmetric read vs write performance
#First20SongsOnShuffle 19) Black Hearts On Fire - Jet.
Shopping today in a t-shirt that reads..."Moderation Is Overrated." But on this day, I wish it wasn't. Ugh.
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to hearing if you get on the Food Network!
its fun! but she pushed my of my bored today! NOT NICE!!!! lol ;)
they just asked what time he got out.
Robin Roberts has almost managed to not look like a lesbian and J-Lo has almost managed to not look like a whore. Go Girls!
Yay! Thanks, Amy! And thanks for all of your help! It was so so much fun!
Happy Mother's Day! Hope all you Moms out there had a wonderful day! No one can ever really thank you enough for all you do!
Stupid Megabus with their constantly changing baggage policies.
I don't know I just shot a -15 at the Masters on Tiger Woods '13 with a dip in the size of a snickers bar
I'll just take your phone tomorrow and do it :)
My windows are open I'm gonna die in my sleep bc someones gonna jump in my room
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize That I'll be better then all the other guys
Why, thank you, sir! You're a Sam's Club size box of badassery yourself! RT : You fucking rock!
Good morning sir. Always a pleasure to see you.
Watching 2011 American Music Awards
Air, "Air Raid," on the WHYNOT label. A new fav from Air. Threadgill's tone has muscle and the guys sound great together
yeah, liked them since they started. Something wrong with long-term success in your eyes?
My new computer has a new computer smell. I must spill coffee on it immediately to make it my own.
Well why thanks! c:
It bothers me when a 4th grade boy knows the meaning of gay but can't do 6X4
That's SO funny b/c when I heard we were bringing back the yellow cheddar, I thought of you! Congrats.
Gamel robbed of a hit.
Hi, have you heard of #Movember?
I remember when we use to have a good team smh
thanks for follow orange county will get Blasted soon enough
Missing all my pals at gdc! Gotta finish this game though!
you got meh goin crazy, wanna be your baby xD
No!! Mike just died!!!
Check out : Mixin' beats tonight at downtown. If you're hoppin' around there tonight, come say hi!
I'm thankful and grateful!
Hey guys: lots of intelligent liberal people live in the South by choice, and you're not helping any of us. Asshats.
Of Course I do.Haters are people who are sad about them selves.Serena tell those haters off luv!Lol:]
In Coach McCarthy we trust.
"Captain Illfated, congratulations on your first command: the Toobigtofail."
Why have I encountered the word "subtend" more frequently in the past three weeks than I have in the preceding 34 years of my life?
Definitely the right side! It's going to be an awesome day.
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 4: “Divide your 5 minutes in three parts. Present problem, a payoff and your point of view.”
Yes, count me in (1st time ever that I've planned on a drink six weeks in advance)
Get your #uglysweaters, obligatory presents, and obnoxious family letters ready #Christmas is fast approaching!
Prb bout to go to the store
i miss you to! I came home early today cause i felt like crap. :(
ditto that! rocked! , , good company.
Hey do me a favor and please go follow and will follow back please and thank you :))
U need to follow he says some crazy shit and posts some great pictures from the road. *wink wink*
Going to see tonight!! Welcome to Milwaukee. Home of Calypso Lemonades!!!
Watching season 8 of dragon ball z oh yeah aren't I cool c:
I love the show sons of guns
Ladies to win your championshiP in your relationship make sure you are doing the following the following
Penn State and Oakland underway...
No matter how down you feel, nothing makes you instantly feel better like a little Earth, Wind, and Fire!
Someone else's personal life are interested in those ... who do not have their ...
hey michael, appreciate you passing this along to your followers!
Thank you for following me on tweeter and add me as friends!
come check us out and grab some FREE Avion tequila when we play at SAKS FIFTH AVENUE today at 4pm. Yes...SAKS. we'll be on the 7th floor.
GOTTA LOVE CHAMPAGNE AND PURPLE RAIN ON A FRIDAY!
Thanks for the mentions and new follows:
Always like to support local businesses
ya u cnt take it tho becuase you have to be in biomed first.
o Ats sweet yea we use to go there.ill b bout 4 hours down south from there Haha
Oh, I have a friend who's had to do that a couple times
#NFLDraft AND we gave up 3 of the "stockpiled" picks! Are you kidding me? With Clausen and McCoy still on the board? We couldn't wait?
Thank you for a awesome show! #ExtremeRules #WWE :-) Plus a BIG Thank you to the wrestlers!! :-)
I for one would love to see them. Tweet me a peek. :)
their testing it, we found out you can also use it for a grip when dead lifting and going really heavy with shoulder shruges
RT : I went w/o seeing my baby's ma'am for st.pattys day I refused to go w/o seeing her for cinco de drinko-YAY :)
How we doing, Lions?
likes rubbing strangers' feet. cause he's just weird like that.
Gain followers
i need some more pack fan followers
Yo, it's cold like Hoth in The Empire Strikes Back. I used to work on the Lake--in the Boathouse for Parks & Rec.
Was just warned by a employee that the new strawberry basil flavor "is terrible".
Man U gets another soft call to go their way.
Got too greedy and burnt the ole tongue on number two official taste test of Coming soon to
The dog was the worst chapter. Should have warned you! But I love any book that can rock me to the core - good or bad!
Doubting Clippers
run Tyler for you life :O
There's never a dull moment in downtown Denver.
The awkward moment when the guy on the video ur watching says fuck, your mom hears, and then she says shame on you but you cant help but ...
boss!!! you better tell them all about kleezybeatz next time
it was a pleasure. good luck
hahahah never ever ever :)
2012 Toyota Highlander. Black. :-)
23 Straight at home! Go #RedWings!
all work, promise! RT Next time you throw a party on the beach, can I get the save the date so I know when and where to show up?
Breakfast club! I love it.
I never thought I would hear callers dogging you out for not being a homer!!! You have been hanging out w/ Matt Jones too much.
I need to stop giving strangers my #..... How can a person call somebody sexy if u never even seen the persons face
RT if you have a job
Thank you! That is a pretty side of Scotland.
Hey thanks for sharing!
RT if you had a blessed & happy EASTER Sunday
That is not your favorite flower!
Holy shit Taylor Lautner's doing push-ups O_O
Rafael Nadal got engaged on the #bachelor ! - Oh wait. . .
watching lightning on my porch
I got that one too! DEFENDING JACOB.
Good W for your Reds, over my Braves, last night. I was hoping Dusty would blow it in the 8th-9th..lol.
Never watch morning tv news, but watching while car is serviced - it's all crap, all of it
is that awesome car yours :o ?
there is no guarantee that this life is easy...but it sure is worth to try it
How come nobody told me it was national rude & stupid day today?!
You just locked out excersise like the NFL did the players.
have a great weekend ! Let us know if we could be of service to your building once a month!
I know, I know...but I did upload two vids tonight :3
he probably is, but i can never pass up the opportunity to give him shit.
Never tried Parallels or Bootcamp. Others have and they claim #Storyline works just fine. I like VM for swapping files...
Chicken... Rice... Coconut Milk, Onions and some curryness.... Experimenting time!
Yea most of the time I am.
So glad youre back in the studio! Cant wait to hear the new stuff!
The Zone is one long ass song .
Addicts/alcoholics compare themselves to others and say "I am not as bad as them" I cannot be an addict/alcoholic
Reggaeton on blast / can't tell if it's inside my siesta / or outside
As if they all have a common ideology that would enable such unity.
PRT : "updating a website just five times a month will increase website traffic by 300 percent!" cc:
Thought of the day...... Positive anything is better than negative nothing. - Elbert Hubbard
Thanks Jill for being a constant voice in support of the Uni here on Twitter. Onward!
Loving all the re-runs of Soul Train today. Oh how we once were...
Cant wait for the #bulls game tonight!!!!!!
I'll be there, but not sure D Weezy will be
is TSD gonna have a link for the announcement stream?
Wtf just happened
#caa2012 Feminist theory has a lot to tell DH about using the master's tools
Andrea and mini corndogs.
********BUY GUNS ONLINE HERE WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM
And This Is Me Y'All, I M.C. Y'All My Name Is M.C.A. And I still do what I please Ya'll
I hate being stuck in the middle of shit 😒.
Skinny girls are ok,, but thick is better
Join us at the Western Branch for Storytime every Monday in February at 10:30am. Call 282-4639 for more information.
i really hope your not looking in the mirror
Great! As am I. How 'bout Church Key? I think you rec'd it to me a while back, and I love their beer selection.
Emma Watson wears a pink tracksuit and UGG boots for new movie The Bling Ring - Daily Mail
FOR YOUR DAILY SMOG CHECK DISCOUNT VISIT OUR WEBSITE @ WWW.MORENOVALLEYTESTONLY.COM
Good point , I mean Alley should start pushing out that big baby boy any minute!
WISH THE DUTCH MAFIA MEANT U LIKED HARDSTYLE INSTEAD OF BLUE NIPPLE XTIAN COFFEE
Looking for a USED "portable" scooter?
New music from the Retro Boiz dropping tonight after the NBA Playoffs!!!!
Very, very, very true!
My new digital recorder came in the mail today. I feel like a prof. anthropologist now. Who wants to be interviewed? Focus grouped? Anyone?
They aren't going to jack each other up, they're going to jog and just have fun, not worry about min/maxxing every inch on the field.
At rehearsal. New show in May. Keep your ojos open!!!
IT FEELS GOOD OUTSIDE!!! Even thou its raining
I ate so much chick ful a. <|3
Studies have shown that the breath plays a powerful role in helping to control difficult emotions
damn, thanks anyways!
Odysseys of the mundane
Ok. I'm in Oxnard a lot and I haven't tried this place yet. Sounds like I'll have to now. :)
#OscarTweet is a class act.
Happy Easter! 🐰🐤
what school do you teach at? And yes they are!
Nothing like trying to follow the brilliant conversation of people like Andy Borowitz and Calvin Trillin two hours post-migraine.
enjoyed my first lobster roll of the summer at Harvest in Cambridge this afternoon. It was GOOD
Happy Birthday, hope everything is well for you. Have a great day today. :)
My go to word is *fuck*.
Scaping the old and peeling, rusty paint off of the back porch railing & re-painting. :-)
Music makes me feel pretty good. ♥
Check us out at www.everetthomesnw.com
thanks glad that you cashed, I am working on the plays for Saturday now and not drinking no sub for hard work.
#isastc when we are not high powered in terms of energy and emotion we do not perform at our best.
Happy St Patricks Day!!! Will you be at the parade? watching it on tv? or celebrating in a bar?
Lmfao no no remember i sent you one of me smiling
Alexander McQueen at was so, so great. Beautiful exhibition design and installation, and spectacular clothes!
thanks for noticing! and yes every time my wife calls it does ring "man in the box"
That'd be quite the reading session, eh?
I miss my buddy... the coolest guy I know Mr. John Houlihan
What up Bro ??? Tat place next week ?
Thanks for taking the time to stop and chat the Panera on Centre Ave didn't know what hit them-
Gallery 924 is open late tonight! Stop by to see Seeking Shelters.
galaxy gold looks a bit more like regular orange :) couldnt help but snap a photo tho, was looking great
yeah this is the 8 time I've broken my nose. suprised it still looks how it does. and not like Owen Wilson yet
Just got back from soccer game after i left for it at 11 am. Unfortunately missed the packers picks and to see badgers go.
Congratulations to the #KentuckyWildcats. I am sure is cheering the loudest.
Ben & Jerry`s should be sold as medicine for painful break-ups.
Ima try to take the bus in the morning I usually sleep at 12:15
Having a heart 2 heart with a man they call Charles. He is giving me insight into my life. :D The tables have turned.
Open houses are back. Spring is in the air.
A great pun is its own re-word.
Hope you're doing much better today.
What will be the next gamechanging mandate that comes from the Obama Administration?
Adult heartworms can grow 10-12 inches in length.
#713Salute #ABN Doing Some Real Shit For The People Of Houston! Nothing But RESPECT!
Finally made liver for my honey yesterday. They turned out yummy. Wish I had brought some home with me now. Also made banana bread & pie.
Pretty Little Liars<333
how is amen corner playing this weekend? as always its lookin pretty special.
ok, cool. Let me know what you think of the stories!
The #royals I've known and loved all my life.
section 212, row m, seat 5. Keep the rain away!
Just tell me your name I don't need your number or a date next saturday Baby let's act like fools break a few rules Party the night away
Time for the Mixologist panel at #cheersbevconf!! Should be fun fielding industry questions on the fly!!
It's amazing how unprepared citified is for 35k fans. As if the didn't know people would be here today
LT up next
Nickname I Guess
I almost feel bad taking up space when there is a waiting list for Almost.
I can't figure it out. When did people stop dancing at concerts? I mean, not even a head bob??
My second language is mumbling lol
Why did I just do that...ugh.
it's cool & refreshing to see that you and Steve are still very grounded people. Now... I have this credit card...
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: Try to please everybody. ~Herbert B. Swope
needs ideas for what to do with a surfeit of cucumbers. I've harvested 10 in 2 days. I marinate in Ital. Dressing. And take some to work.
and even in my failings You get the glory. Praise be to my King.
if you want to see some relaxed, fun networking, stop by at 1145am today for $15 for lunch & referral partners
Off to bed, school in the morning with the ♥, then practice. Comment the pics please(:
Your profile pictures are the best.
But did u like the book tho? RT “: Finally watching the hunger games. Great movie!”
Know what you want to do before you buy the organizing tools. Remember, the right tool for the right job.
rip kindle. sorry I mysteriously broke you. kindle fairy feel free to slip a new one under my pillow tonight..
Are you on the beach? I'm almost at 2,400 followers...Yeah!!!
I've always loved good graffiti and street art. But looking at photos from the past, the world just looked better without it.
Wow..MCA died. Like...WOW.
yay!! :) now i wont be bored. you know i actually did my work in there today? a fucking miracle lol
I just took 3 consecutive naps....oops
Oh yes. Picked it up from impound, paid $150, got my car, only to find a nice red and white envelope on the window.
- Nice home products!
Codyy Simpson is Sike April Fools ,
hey everyone! i havent been on here in awhile! haha go follow my personal twitter! please!
Are you surprised the Texans didn't require more than a 4th rounder to deal him?
we do not seek worldly excess in the face of poverty & disaster, enough is enough of anything, waste is a huge by-product of vanity & denial
NoAm Ad Summit Day
I really want to write a "pro-tip" tweet before pro-tip jumps the shark.
stay strong and keep doing what you guys do best. I love you and WIM so truly. (:
18 years! 18 years, and on her 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his
Proud to be a part of #AFWF12 amazing talent this weekend! Swank digs too!
I'm KILT after today.
Good morning
dope show, #VirtualPac a bit creepy...#Dre a bit awkward.
If you suck at arcade games and keep putting in tokens til you lose them all and win nothing, that means you should'nt go to a casino.
To major losses this week Adam & Junior from two different parts of our culture that made ground breaking impacts! I am a fan 4ever RIP :(
more importantly, the pictures you sent me. I love you baby.
Happy Valentines Day everyone!
yes you are! You're welcome :)
Happy Belated Birthday to and Congratulations on making another fine film. See The Jesse Owens Story tonight !
sweet home will play anymore Oregon shows?
Watch our good FL friends kick some OH ass tonight in the first night of 1130pm
probably not but their chicken carbonara is on point tho
Dang, Bieber, you've been busy today.
tanks for the shout out. Happy to see that I am still your only follower
me too! i feel a little lost without so much to do! what are you doing for spring break?
Will no longer,by choice, be the catering coordinator but will still be serving:) you can still order delivery though!
"You wipe, you check!" - Jim Jefferies
I hate Niggaz wit tongue rings such a turn off that dnt makes u a freak it makes u a faggot in my eyes #justmythoughts<=homo thugs
pray for my Tank kitty hes very sick i hope he gets better hes like a child to me.
What if that happened AND we won the Powerball? What a great weekend.
Howdy boys and girls! Hows everyone.doing tonight?! ;)
this time law & order is getting on my nerves
Somebody get online w rockband and play w me I'm So bored !!!! 
Yeah it didn't suck it just wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
man my night aint over wats good twitter hmu
Thank you! Our Sunday morning routine is centered around CTG... and TPWD. Makes us inspired to go outside!
when you're drunk at school and your drunk friends pull on your plugs
Bouncing at the Black Rose tonight, then hopping on a plane for Dallas tomorrow. Prayers to be successful at the job fair would be wonderful
grind doesn't stop
You are more likely to be attacked by a cow, than a shark. Come see us wed night 10:30 free show! Glitter and prizes...ish.
really dude. That shit that he did was dirty af.
CHEERS#KAFECASTRO style 2 A+ Tweeps: If it's not over the top, it's not KC!
on the van -_- the one I drop the kids off on!
Who's ready for Thanksgiving??? It's my FAV!!!
Mexican Claudia: I'll b Superman and u'll b Robin or the other way around. Me:do they have Halloween in Mexico? MC: that's a silly question
Watch out for tumblr posts because there will be pictures of designs and products that we have available.
Idk why I go out of my way for you.
alright bro whenever
UPDATE 3-Berkshire profits double as insurance losses fall
just wondering, and JEALZ. do you have her new book yet?
Im so hungry.
COME ON GUYS!!! ITS TIME FOR BASKETBALL!!!
What kind of St. Patrick's Day Traditions do you have? We will all try to remember to wear green here at the office...
Thanks to everyone who came to our event last week! So good to see volunteers and meet potentials
Crazy although unfortunately not Surprising about Amy Winehouse's death. Sad to hear about either way.
I'm just making sure you're still on twittwer
yo goodz say verb look like you now... Lol...
thanks buddy -you're okay too!
Never done that yet. The wines there are great tho. Weeks been great, busy busy but loving the sun! Have u been to chelan?
My arms & legs feel so weak 4 some reason -.-
": Hmm, was that the cute boys I just saw on #ABDC? Hi, and !"
It is clearly evident than some people NEVER change!
Obama as done by PFTompkins supports Radiohead's trippy music!
First day of shooting #ONTHAGRIND ... would probably say "LETS GET IT IN!!!!!!!!!!"
Yes - great connecting! I would definitely like to follow up with a demo - in our 30 day leadup, free time is scarce...
Tanning and pizza retrieval! Going to be a good night :)
Happy Easter.
Apparently i got the hook up!!!
I'm holding back from nonstop tweets when I'm on for #KUOWPledge. So just once: Thanks! This is how we DO it! 866-NPR-KUOW.
Wine + ice cream + Footloose = excellent girls' night. Toss in a bonfire and that's a recipe for a happy Amanda.
OOOOOOHHHH GOO ALLISON
So Cold
Very excited to announce the Song Writing Contest winner!!!!
I know exactly how you feel!
i'm a paid ass stoner which means i can buy all the motherfucking munchies i want fool
Pasta sounds so good right now!
If only Rondo could shoot
Can't believe how rad last night was! Thanks ! Using you guys every trip to Vegas! Felt like a King on a squires pension!
rolled up in the fetal position on my couch
that would be so funny
#teamfollowback tell a model to tell a model to tell a Mag lol
n I asked Val if her n Lauren were gonna go but she said she dk bc they not coming back home til friday
it is not my fault that i have swag and you dont. wanna complain? complain to your parnents that made you swaggless b!tch
I'm killing myself when I get home.
Responding to internet responses is like playing chess with 9,000 cobras.
the notebook :')
Chea! Ray's prolly back in the line up! RT : C's tonight!
Dried mango is heaven
i've never talked out loud so much in 1 day....
March 2012 sales were up a whopping 25% over March 2011! Prices dipped a mere .4%. Source: Wisconsin Realtor's Association
Like your newsletter too!
lol love it. and of course you were ;)
I would rather be cheated on physically than have my BF say "I love you" to another man... granted either way he's getting dumped...
Hey tweet friends! We hope to see you at the drunken unicorn Saturday night! It's gonna be a fun filled night! You won't want to miss it.
Nicole in shoes, Austin is *amazing*
is tweeting again!
Definitely! RT : We're excited to meet and
NOW PLAYING "TAPE ROCK" BY ON #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
- Exciting Eric! Can't wait!
We need y'all blessing on #NEW SINGLE "HEAD AZZ" thanks for the mixtape placement
I've been paying 5.99 by CC for Cloud Browse for more than a year & now its being offered for $4.99 as an in app purchase(...)
Breaking News from #Syria: #Assad forces have begun shelling the town of
Black girls hittin on me in class: thanks but no thanks
Poster artist for the festival? Check! Signature look for the festival? Check, check! Check out today's article on this year's artist...
right Now nothing at all
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🐟
Check your DM
Happy, happy Wednesday! Hold onto that umbrella again today! and wake up to some fun on the !
I love Todd Frazier, but I'd be okay seeing Costanzo getting some starts at 3B.
if you don't want this shit we will throw it away, I promise you.
since FIFA discovered that soccer is popular in Seattle now, they decided to get the ref's from the Seahawks Super Bowl for USA matches
Cereal for dinner<<<
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 0 Washington Redskins 17 9:29 in 2nd #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
Rocked those handstands! They are getting so good y'all!!
