you guys are on a roll tonight. laughing out loud over here.
..but most of all..I live for My God..Have a God Weekend Everyone and Keep Rockin'
Facebook Hiring; Like?: Google's former green czar, Bill Weihl, will join Facebook in late January according to the website Fresh Dialogues.
Using FB adverts work for study recruitment!
#TT: A way to bring high school to twitter. Time to move to linkedin? oh well, I still love you twitter.
Me and Jordan Benker :) i wish it was Me and Jordan Benker r friends :D
Photoshop makes me cranky.
Apprct it! Thanks for all your hard work on the Weeknd Business podcast. I got a lift every time I heard that bit of theme music.
THAT WAS NOT A KNOCKDOWN!!!!!! HE PUSHED HIM!!!!!!!
- clever - wish I had thought of it!
#PinkPost God is my source from which all things flow.
Certainly, one of our talented Artists will be happy to give you an interview.
Who is tweeting the Tremont Crossing Presentation at Central Elder Services? #Roxbury. Happening now!
I've been "processing" for over 30 minutes. Entered credit card info. What do I do?
#ThatsFresh Bag of Money video !
“: NEVER be ashamed of your problems... Your body... Yourself... YOU are worth LIFE.” <3
Ty lawson having his way
Who is he??
finalizing my 2012 budget today TRYING TO MAKE ROOM for a Florida trip this summer for and to doanother live
On, no! #HomelandSecurity will now be following my #Tweets forever. Accused #TSA of theft. At least follow me to add to my numbers.
5_10 no limit cash game at the Wynn all day..also check out our 2 new shirts at drawndead.net
im not hidin no more lol
“Well that was the silliest tea party I ever went to! I am never going back there again!” ― Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland
i know i know daefffff
you keep it up and see how far that gets you. Fraud.
On this date: In 1770, Marie Antoinette, age 14, married the future King Louis XVI of France, who was 15.
Amateur hour is about done.. Everyone's ready for and -- It's #BASS o'clock. DC.. Act like you know!!
haha my brother gets those to and he got them when he was like 8 haha
Lots of turbulance but i am alive and in louisville
F*** the lot of them. Will do, Angela!
congrats!!! “: Just won the city talent award for at #nycbigapps!!!”
......I am told electroshock is usually reserved for them.....wait, what's ur name again....what day is it....
truth of the matter is i'm complicated.
Sorry to hear about the ticket :( but hope the rest of your day went better :)
Youu can have all my shine ill give youu the light.
Funny.. the things I think are absolutely normal are completely and totally odd to others.
u r so pretty bay
still up, just listening to music
what exactly are you trying to do? do you already have your data sets?
Watching our client's climb ranks
Having been up since 1 a.m., I always try to stifle a smirk when Twitter begins to explode right about now. . .
“As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.” Ben Hogan
I personally blame Tony Sparano for the situation the Heat are in right now
shout out 2 you for all your help in the studio today! Best.Manager.Ever
Whatever makes you sleep at night 😉
We attract people who are reflections of ourselves. So beware of anyone who wants to be with you when you're an emotional wreck.
Congrats on anther finish in the money at WSOP. Great job! 2 yrs n a row at Main Event!
When he says I have a hippopotamass...cuz its just that big xD
I fucking love . His music is so dope<3 I wish he'd retweet, tweet, or follow me<3
I don't want another pretty face, I don't want just anyone to hold I don't want my love to go to waste, I want you and your beautiful soul
um, my house is nicknamed "The Big Top"
hahaha well no. He got hit by a bus. But I mean maybe he got hit by a bus because he's stupid XD
Almost forgot what making movies feels like. Dammit, Dave.
I try to care about Billboard Awards, I really do, but they're Billboard Awards. Meh *continues voting while snuggling to Gaga's 5 Grammys*
Hope you're drunk right now! Happy St Patty's!
What a beautiful day ... maybe I'll skip mowing the grass and drag out the blender and rum instead!
Kathy Ireland? I think Jews may have just jumped the shark, Mortmundo!
It's sad when someone you Know becomes someone you Knew
Full moons on clear blue lake, sweet corn fresh from the field and beer. RT RT What I love about Wisconsin is: ____
That had to be one of his teammates....
SO JEALOUS. That please is amazing.
of course the video won't load on my iPhone! I'll check it as soon as I get home from work!! :-)
I don't understand how her brother is so cute
Arab World On Fire For Democracy!
That missed call by the umpire on Nickase looms huge now.
iwill see the Lord one day
Post-Star is starting a pay wall | All Over Albany
Attended a talk on csounds, the open source sound maker software. Almost assembly language, it offers possibilities for signal generation.
Good friends. Good family. Good times.
Your heart is in this! Admirable.
The text I qot from my ex last niqht.! Lol two funny boy qet a life .!
4 more days! It's time for somem SkyLaw.
Dear my Goddess, I love you and thank you for helping me back up from rolling in the deep. Love you my angel :)
That's kind of adorable. I'm more into local produce than organic myself. Partly b/c I think pesticides make me faintly luminous.
RT 2012 ends in approx. 9 months. Invest in your article's future by making it timeless by skipping the date in your titles.
have you noticed and his twitter problem? RT Test
Ion Like When People Be Plyn Wit Mhe Cause Ion Know If They Serious Or Not.,!
I'm trying not to fall asleep but why am I the only one awake?!?!
Had the best shopping day today!! Got lots of great stuff.
good morning mines to but slowly it's dis crazy weather
It is very sad how some children can't enjoy a normal childhood because of illness or disability :'( #StayStrongValentin!
hey Nelly!!!! guess who!!!
BIG PLANS THIS WEEKEND! May 7 - #ROCLandlordExpo at #MCC and #ImagineRIT at #RIT - Visit , , and the team!
no;( that's my moms birthday I'm not sure what game I wanna go to cuz I wanna go to lambeau but there in chi on my bday!!!
I DON'T HAVE ANY AND I CAN'T BY ANY FOR ANOTHER...28 DAYS.
You will feel amazing!
This has been buzzing on my mind from House: "Life is pain."
Finally gettin too bed... vegas still on my breathe
There's an old saying in Korean about "neighbor-cousins" that refers to the importance of building human relations beyond blood connection.
I have 69 tweets & I thought of you.(; but now this is my 70th
Hitting the road extra early tomorrow. See you soon Spokane!!
Out of class yay =)
Agreed. Just because people can't imagine it differently, it doesn't mean that it can't be different.
Thanks for the link to DD's #DWTS tonight! I missed it, busy watching the #Brewers kick some Cubs' butt!
Just stocked up on , got $20 bucks off my order (code: HOLIDAY), and gave it back to all in a few clicks.
Someone do me a favor though.... Explain Jerry to me. I haven't been on this account in sosososo long.
My life was the nuts - then they brought home two puppies. I’m still cute and adorable, why did they need these fur children?
You've proven that you're just as fucking fake as you were freshman year.
I LOVED your vegan carrot cake. Thank you!
Fill in the blank: I've been in HR/Recruiting for _______ years.
yes I can... he and any other cat should have field day, not to mention lobs on the back side
Once I GRADUATE im never looking back....
RT : starting new blog of my life with all sorts of "how to make it without an #agent " tips for #nyc #actors :) stay tuned!
www.mwishartpi.com loves the pi directory Private-Investigator-Detective.com
Happy New Year to you as well.
SMi looks to to capitalize on oddsmakers oversights and inaccuracies.
Now announcing support for Verizon workers strike tomorrow Thursday at 140 west street. Meet in #zucotti at 11:30am.
Well we all know how you're gonna do on that
#StickTogether RT : Last day of #ADPR4300. Going to miss these girls... And and
Chicago: Thank you for honoring my temperature related request previously submitted in March. It truly feels good wearing only one layer.
Welcome to the Empire State.
I think I'm going to name my next cat General Meow. Like General Mao but meow because it's a cat. Get it?
Mayday Parade is dang good music!
I'll be attending #Forecastle for the first time thus year. We should grab a beer while I'm down.
We had a blast in NYC last night at Marquee Club & Bar Basque. Tonight, we play at Sound Asylum in Middletown, NY w/ WillPowerless
Going to view two properties, one in King-Lincoln Bronzeville and the other in Clintonville. The best kitchen and deck/patio will win.
The road to success is always under construction. - Lily Tomlin
#Popchips are amazing! So happy to be working with such a great product.
Are u staying true 2 your vision or someone else's? Every day should B a deposit n 2 your dream. Have U used change 2day as a deposit?
- a lot, but not tht a lot.
Holy crap; an actual #Packers free agent signing!
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather
#FF to the hottest biatches on here ; )
Im so excited to see u in June:)
at least u luv me <3
We're going to to see the Impressionism exhibit tomorrow, then again for the FUEL event with Chip Duncan on the 17th!
A good lawyer knows the law... a clever one takes the judge to lunch :)
5 Stealthy Ways to Find a New Job with Social Media
The answer lies in how Common Core is interpreted. Seems to vary some from place to place.
RT if your gona see Justin Bieber at Westfield on Monday :).. and if ur gona go wake up EARLY!! in da morning 2 get wristbands &
can u please list me and follow me please I need more followers and I see that u have so many and I know u may not have time
It was not just another day!
hell ya!! Jefferson earning that $$$ and Anderson schooling Billups!!!
Happy birthday happy birthday to u i hope u had a awesome day u so deserve it may this year be the best one yet 4 u luvu!
great! Can u drop a line to steve AT Bunchball dot com? Tks!
Thx Jess! We <3 you too.
The Cauldron was never that loud when shouting that word... Course, it's the whole stadium yelling it...
Houston Home & Garden Market is Feb 12-14 @ Reliant Center. Interested in attending? www.TheHomeAndGardenMarket.com for info!
#Obama touches on huge concern @ #UNM, #highered in general: "The interest rate (student loans) will double unless congress acts on July 1"
Congrats #Facebook Team!! Let's make our #TimeLines even better now plz!! :)
well I am neither so it should know not to play any Obama ads.
i meant "hear, hear!"
between and this week, I a)want to scream but also b)am heartened by backlash against this asshaberdashery.
hey lmk if ur heading back to ny!
"Today I saw something that reminded me of you. But don't worry - I flushed, and everything went back to normal." HAH! lol.
Tell me what you know about night terrors...nothing
HIT ME UP
RIP to the Queen Of Disco Donna Summer.
I didn't intend to poo-poo your efforts at all
Shower.Clothes & School :)
"we cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails" Bertha Calloway
Trimble's SketchUp acquisition ... signs point to a stronger, more flexible SketchUp tool/community supported by both Trimble and Google.
Blanket on, too hot. Blanket off, too cold. 1 leg out, perfect! Until the demon from paranormal activity grabs it & drags you down the hall.
Time for me to go get my scrimmage on
if i get 100 followers on here i will follow 20 of u on my ciarabravo account
#ThingsMyExsaid "I'll always be here for you even tho we don't talk anymore" ..B*TCH where was you when I needed you during the relationship
I realized today the only reason I quit smoking was so my mouth wouldn't look like a cat's asshole.
Hello tweets...follow three great up and coming artist. Thanks!
Many people will say that patients dont have the power to rate hospitals. Do you think this is true?
Seriously? Didn't think I would catch onto that one? Stupid
Yes, a headache is exactly what I need to make today better!
That brownie look delicious. <3 :)
we bout to take it to the next level
This wine is running its course..weSexiiiScorpiowe
welcome back
didn't know there was an #artworld is it in our #solarsystem?
I'm sorry that you are not well Chris. Should I bring you some chicken soup? Hope that U feel better soon.
Idk who he is either? Haha
#cataloging The Velvet Underground & Nico's 1099 form from 1971. My job makes me seem cooler than I am.
How can we be friends, when we love each other like this?
Oh, that sounds lovely! And I am, thank you. :)
wasn't impressed
why wasn't I following you? 😳
follow me please? your amazing.
This hot guy nurse did the throught test on me it was embarrassing
Looking forward to seeing tonight
This RT : Whistle blew before the inbound, has to be two shots if it's on the level
In checklist talk at #dbw12, about "infecting" your office with this mentality. That kind of disease, my office can use!
Saw Les Miserables in LA last night & sat next to 's dad. Both the show and Justin as Marius were great!
thank you!!
But whenever Monday comes, but whenever Monday comes A-you can find me cryin' all of the time.. good thing it's Tuesday now! :)
Had a good time wit the #2Deepfam tonite whoop some ass in bowling and pool
Maybe we can start again..
National Academies Press goes completely open access today.
u never texted
Never said that. What I am saying is that United does not deserve to win or draw here.
Just booked Frankie Vega for Aug 1st Baltic Room! Watch out Seattle.
This sounds really interesting!
hope your well
follow me betch
man I know rightt! E need to make some more music videos soon (;
Put your fork down! Between bites that is…
we will save them!!! I'm taking one home with me
I heard that the American Airlines Arena isn't allowed to serve french fries - only cabbage. It's called Norris Cole's Law.
thanks for the heads up.
nah, it was a comparable sample. I just would have thought Hawaiians would better appreciate the plastic problem.
no my room is gray, black white and yellow!
Biking to work over Memorial Bridge and the Potomac River, past the Washington Monument, and past the White House is totally awesome.
Rules for nicknames: 1) You can't make one up for yourself. 2) You can't complain about any you don't like.
It took me 60 seconds to get bored of watching someone else play it. PUMPED for Skyward Sword though!!!
I miss your ass what have you been up to? :]
Man, I gotta get down to NOLA. Where am I going for Feb break? God's Waiting Room in Florida...
I thought I knew what love was but I didn't have a clue, I never found anything that makes me feel like I do about you. #nowplaying #you ❤
first full bike ride to work after 5 months of no riding at all. of.
hey buddy!
Just grubbed on steak bites and caprese sticks at Main Event. Their food is delish!!!
#ELI2012 more Dede sustainability (hybrid), fidelity, ownership (adapted people take ownership) evolution
Still hyped from listening to Crunk Juice for the workout this morning, lol
Thank you so much!
Concert was amazing!
Ready for #AHAA2012 panel w
Exactly. How are you? I'm a bit crazed, but always good to hear from you. :)
Low moment. I've never felt as depressed about American politics. Not even during the horrors of the W years. Hope is in short supply.
Saved Me <3
RT: Good Morning!!! S/o to all women who are working to empower our community Happy International Women's Day!
This grocery store run is going to hurt, I haven't eaten since 11 am...
#BadNews I left Apple {Iphone4} in search of a new bestie that i always hold. So i have the Samsung Galaxy omfg its huge
True story
well don't wait to LONG, ha because EVERYONE gets less ATTRACTIVE as we get OLDER... lol
sad to hear about my "home state"... Despite being so "red" I'd though it was better than that.
Fueling your body properly has to start before the morning of your event, make sure you are fueling all throughout training!
Dress shopping... Not my thing!
John Johnson~ Men and women are limited not by the place of their birth not by the color of their skin but by the size of their hope.
I bet you guys are freakin out, I am too actually. love me some #bearcats baby (but not bball)
Ocean-themed Expo 2012 opens May 12 in S. Korea - Palm Beach Post
Accidents happen ;-)
At work dealing with the same drama. Why are cooks such bitches
just cooling wbu
Forgive me for not communicating but it was my birthday and someone poisoned my two dachshunds and I am now up to $4,500.00 saving them and…
We're certainly hooked on them! :-)
"Prom queens live on average five times longer than regular people. Probably because they smile a lot."
MERRY CHRISTMAS FAM!
What I am not pleased with: seeing an icky newspaper headline & fearing it's about someone you know.
Right. One fundamental flaw in current system is yes/no choices instead of decent/better choices.
whats going on thank for the follow. What city you in
“: Oh yeah check it out, WI jobless claims up another 2,159. #wiunion” || only state with that trend
Im so burnt, I look like a lobster.
excited for #ICFall11 tomorrow
yeah Miami was gettin dirty but Miami is always dirty and fake
it's an amazing play!!! Ruined is emotionally taxing but so incredible
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 53
Heading home!
Never have to worry about it again......sure don't
Success is how high you bounce after you've hit rock bottom.
My 8 year old son and his pal are being obnoxious as hell to the little girls next door ... and it seems to be working.
meh...I can deal with greasy hair. Unattached extremities coming out of food bags on the other hand.....
follow she bad
This tractor trailer driver that smacked into the overpass on the Henry Hudson obviously never saw the pilot for Louie.
": We are all beacons of light for each other. -Oprah"
Contains refined shea butter, aloe vera gel, virgin coconut oil, rosemary oil extract, rose geranium essential oil, and fragrance.
After watching Tinker Tailor the husband wants to read more Bond books. I wanna read more Smiley. That's so us.
OK! How's the little dipper?
It's fun to play a disgruntled teenager
Now is where you can ask us any question you want! We WILL answer. Post it on this status. GO!
florida garage, Indy. U want a set?
Right back at you! #RoseTheRiveter RT : Brainstorming sessions with can change lives.
About to go to my interview :D I am so excited~
I know lol
Math can blow me, swear if math was a physical being, she'd suck my cock and she'd suck it good.
Occidental Petroleum Corporation Names Christopher G. Stavros Vice President and Treasurer
Thanks Fumiyasu. YOU ROCK!!
Don't forget to LIGHT IT UP BLUE for Autism Awareness on April 1st and 2nd! Share your stories here!
Something to do, someone to love, and someone to love you. That's all we want
for sure we will! Being on a Saturday is gonna make it crazy!!!!
Did any of you cheap daters get crafty today ?
#mtv movie awards had a great line up tonight. Not sure if Twilight needed to win every award.
Damn it, I told myself I would practice after Flux and Doctor P, but now Carl Cox is on....ugh.
Double-dipping my falafel into the hummus. :)
#games The Drip Game
In bed by 7:30... I'm one cool kid.
#StPatricksDay fact. The green side of our cues means keep the food coming… That’s not luck, that’s #Tucanos coming to
I think I'm guna start being nicer to people :)
Enjoyed you in the show last night! Continued success with the run.
Ok girls, if you're going to hit the grocery store apres work out, do a stink check. It's gross when you smell like a rotting onion in line.
Nothing like Bob Dylan for a rainy December day-before-finals.
Practice with music director
Yes, but message was the same: Shop at Macys
Just thinking about it makes me sick ugh! :(
oh its nothing ;-)
J.P fuckn P
Getting Ready; On My Flow !
Corner of Silver Spot and Raw Silver, north section of the Silver Oaks subdivision, south of Galm Road, north of Scarborough ES.
I hate having a skylight in my room!
oh ok cause you can hear a lot of echoing
"We want a pitcher not a belly itcher" stopped being fun to yell at the age of 12. #rednecks on right have yet to reach that maturity level
nice job yesterday Matt!
Crazy stat on ESPN just now - by the time they are 2 yrs retired 78% of NFL players are bankrupt or in financial trouble.
never jump to conclusions with me, whatever you accuse me of doing probably isn't true
Good to know! Thank you! Also, how do I set up the MS? Do I need a new page where each image would be?
If i were to sell Customized 1D toms who would buy?! The shoes would be brand new obviously! ;D
I'm in 's building, peering into his window. That's a lot of action figures.
The mountain thats in front of me is enormous
So who thought this was over!?
Thank you to you too!
yeah yelawolf radioactive
I did! But I ended up picking the pink and gold striped. The blue was huge on me in the waist!
yup & yeah I know , but it doesn't even matter . Ahah it's not gonna happen ever again. We already know that ..
welcome to the life of us mere mortals Luke! Bet you wish you had a lighter bag!
S/O to all of my new followers! Thank you:-)
thanks we will be in town until sunday. would love to see you
If u give me a shoutout I will send ur name to Justin, Austin, Cody, Ryan, Alex and Robert BUT U MUST B FOLLOWING ME <333 :D
Lend only those books you never care to see again!
Ditto! We're out of Minneapolis. How bout you guys?
Oh, this sounds good but I have a 7am call time for shoot Sunday.
RT Who got a lone star card...?--i got an old one that's deactivated lol
well u need to go back to bed lol
Unfortunately, it is not. The city would not give us a permit as they'd prefer people pay the meters. It's only Mon- Sat 5pm
The updated Radio app is awesome. Looks to me like Pandora needs to increase their services
That last tweet was maybe four hours after it shoulda been. Meh.
I am seriously so happy to be seeing at the moment!! 13/14 year old me is def jelly!
do ya really nao?!
Oh shit Today is my Friday. Hopefully it goes dwn b4 work. Its not pink eye either
RIP, Kid. RT: We mourn the passing of Hall of Fame catcher Gary Carter, who passed away today at the age of 57.
right here ;)
#Rangers win, 3-2. Game 7 is Thursday at MSG. The series is tied at 3.
just saw a flyer on my fridge that says is playing in LA with #libythth and on May 5. THANK U TLEILAXU <3
im gonna make it my personal goal to make spelunking cool
Where did the last four years go?
Long titty no nipple having ass bitch 😂😂😂
I love it! I will show it to the owner and see if he remembers it; I must not have been there; I would remember!
Evacuate the city! RT : I don't mean to alarm you, but Kenny G is performing this evening at The Birchmere.
its written down on a peicne of paper in my locker
Why would you believe that? Oh yeah, the repeated things City Hall has overlooked in its deals....
starvingwriter82 on TWo plius two has no idea what hes talking about. Im webmaster and ask any webmaster, it doesnt take long
Why the hell am i marching instead of playing golf.
Buffy the vampire slayer with the most handsomest vampire in the world David Boreanaz :) so excited to see his beautiful self on tv
Anytime! Hope you can make it!
Thanks for the heads up. It may be a little tricky because of how slammed our schdule is right now. I'll take a look.
#thanks for the follow
Thanks to for the shoutout! Visit their site www.zazzle.com/beerponghero for the best quality pong gear out there
Thank you Renee at the Tennessee Museum of History for the Waylon Jennings CD.
well if you wear a mask no one can see your pretty face x)
ya'll the damn sap police!
Hello? Where is the tech support when you really need them....where are you ? Are you done with your Ardventure in Arduino?
No worries here. All in good humor.
The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young
Watching Best Buy: The Big Box Fights Back on
Leehighhhhh! Guess I'll be paying attention to the tourney this year, at least for a hot sec
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." ~~ Thomas A. Edison
Family of SDSU student Barzeen Barzanji reflect on his life and their loss and share what they believe took his life. News8
you already miss me?
I miss you!!
or it could mean they have no time.
yum egg rolls and soy sauce :)
haha yeah buddy. Get you dem points
Cancelled my Backpack account today. Never quite clicked with it — a big todo.txt file and Dropbox works really well.
If you don't get your mind straightened out, you'll never get your life straightened out. U have to think about what you're thinking about.
Chillin w my girl at work..cum c me !!
What does it mean when Peter King is killing it on Twitter & NFL team who annoys me the most right now (Atlanta) didn't have 1st rd pick?
So sorry I wasn't able to make it to the #NYWIFT breakfast this morning.
Is showing up! Hehe ;) RT : Unfortunately success is only 1% inspiration. Now for the other 99% ...
“: My brother just made me touch his mustache” umad and jelly
Well im offyyy to sleep i love you so much <3 night babe (:
I hope you like the personalization on that one! We are almost to 100!!
Evening out w/friends in Palmetto Bay: Romanza 4 a gr8 dinner & the Comedy Inn. Crowd in waiting 2 start.
att hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 28
gearing up for a busy day, trusting God to provide.
so yeah, that is actually real candy on top of pink babo and creamy candy buba... #guilty of testing it in my mouth...
for the record, I was in VA for hurricane Earl, not Gustav.
Too sleepy to sleep
I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult. Rita Rudner
turtle look alike
wasssup..how was the weekend?
Its so funny watching Parental Control because they're all horrible actors
he was pretty beaten up. Watch the match, if you can. Worth seeing - better than Wrestlemania w/Rock
Today in general has been a good day c:
okk tell me when you find outt
RT IRL : Thinks pony sized cats would balance it, otherwise ponies take the cake.
Tell your friends to check us out!!
headed to #jazzflute practice, then later, sharing the news
Unfortunately I didn't but I'll try to ask around to see if anyone caught it.
Hotel TV mysteriously turned on and won't shut off.
greatest fucking country on earth
Editing an essay by that's so effing good it's making my hair curl. One excellent thing among many coming to
we're the 4 best friends that anyone could have
Worth a trick and a half? #seriously #needaction LOL
#thehawkgoeshunting what a cool piece-even as midi mp3-can hardly wait for the finished product !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO !!!! you are one of the best friends I will have... EVER!!! I hope u have a great rest of your day!! <3
NHL: First-round preview: Rangers versus Senators With the resilient New York Rangers clinching the Eastern Conference title and the sur
who you talking to??
RT : Scott Walker has dead eyes.//Most republicans do.
Day went from bad to worse
sure was! Nice meeting you yesterday! Remember, #BeastMode is not just a nickname, but a way of life.
RT “: Great day to get money. #Ambition”
New song coming shortly. Just a quick song called My Apology to everyone who listens to my music. Its for you!!!!
People asking "Dude, how do I get your job?" Or their most common asked question, "You got any T-shirts?"
#WhyDoiAlways get mad when the girl I want don't want me?
Stories increase memory, interest & understanding.
Good chunk of change for Cindy RT : #dodgers are signing mark ellis for $8.75M, 2 yrs
Okay! This is horrible news!!
Rally Time Go Brew Crew!!!!!! #reds v
Spending my Easter weekend working....someone's got to do it.
and were also instrumental in observing these wild birds.
Going to brunch with the family.
#UWMProblemz The only thing that is preventing me from Graduating in the Fall is that UBS Capstone is only offered in the Spring.
one more final. then going to MDW to fly home for break :) and in other news ordering buses is a pain in the ass! so unreliable/frustrating
#IGetRealMadWhen I buy a drink to use the bathroom at public places cause it says customers only. Them when I come out I have to pee!
...I even have schwag for the audience at tonight's presentation.
You should join ::former MIT student:: (who's coming from your general vicinity) for the ride over!
Where could I send you some info about us, I think you would be into it
Today is going to be a great day!
Of course. And I didn't see anyone there mention Woody Allen, so congrats! :)
Tuning into Gentle Giant while I pump out some work hours. 1970s prog rock to the rescue!
We are sorry for the problem, there may be a delay in response, but you may email them directly at ^CS
#youcanttrust a female with ur credit card who can't #saynoto Gucci unless she buys u sum
You are right Darian, he just reminds me of the bass player from a season or 2 ago who I didn't care for. Always mean face lol
RT Mornin world....got a 1 week pass to that new LA Fitness in Glenside, I think ima use that. Niggas hoopin?
I'd rather see Duke lose more than even Kentucky!
Hahahahha will do (;
I think your the best and the most beautiful on the show.
Delays in the VX terminal bar at LAX. How many trashy drunk girls and ambiguously sexual men with ironic mustaches do I have to deal with?!
I'm kicking myself for using the wrong "its"
I just got back from an hour walk on the beach--I owe it all to you--thanks
Fuck I just wanna be with my mom :'( I hope she's ok...
sometimes i just dont know what to do... scared...worried.
sweet! see you there! where are you traveling from?
please get Fat Bob to join twitter
lol like I have any chance of being succesfull.
Can't wait for thursday ! #JerseyShore ☺
I can't believe I made a Twitter. I don't know if I'll put much effort into this, but whatever(: Maybe I'll like it.
Grand Opening this week = clearance priced Greek appare!! Stop by today!!
xoxo. tell a friend.
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe Drones at NBC ABC CBS CNN PBS touting our wonderful president / dictator in training.
hey babe nice icon i have the dame button up. xx
: why would he support obama what does he think of all the stuff congress ndaa what would you liked asked to Michael Moore?
cmgeluk: #sla2010 enjoying our last in NOLA at Pat's...it's been great...really good conference and a great time in the city. Thank you ...
ALEC works with Corporations to write conservative legislation //Cos I want Wal-mart & Phillip Morris telling me how 2 live
"The kids aren't broken, they don't need to be fixed. They need to be loved, nurtured and taught"~ Quincy Jones
#AWD students, share your best tip for surviving the end of semester rush!
I like you.. Wait I hate you!! Bipolar much..,? No it's just called love
I've done nothing productive today.
I wish more people missed it. As Lentz said #bottlethrowingfridays only thing better is
duh girl. the drink is on the
As an #Aries your honesty makes you trustworthy, since people always know where you stand.
Make something tasty!
=) Your welcome
Feel like shit
Hope everyone has a great week! Help someone in need!
4 Feb. I'm done already lol. How is TI life treating you?
Think yo ass is slick
Presenting to the American Planning Association on the value of virtual environments on the collab design and assessement in urban planning
brewing my at home and snugglin with piper puppy. good morning :)
Would love to read more about your motherhood journey Both to debunk myths re:Black fams and...
Thx! I will look at that option. I may have to just cross-ref manually via the responses. Thx again for the response.
Holy shit, this is what I was waiting for.
The amount you tweet is not ok. :)
The only streets that have raised you are the flop turn and river
I hope the Hoosiers enjoy the shrine of mediocrity in Assembly Hall. We enjoyed making sure it stopped at 16.
That last from Marxist economist James O'Connor's 1973 The Fiscal Crisis of the State"
They did more than win a football game they brought a city together, figuratively and literally. That's what sports can do
Please note NSF staff AND scientists support open access. It's Congress + lobbyists who keep messing w movement.
Hope you had a good Tuesday.
Fav part of #ala11: Meeting Lemony Snicket and his awesome sense of humor. Signed my book "Best wishes & worst fears."
Is it alive?
Wuzzup my pretties.
exactly that's crazy
As a make-up artist, you should see the mom's tv interview. Looks like she faceplanted into bronzer. It's um... interesting.
if I had to stick Kobe, I'd probably cry .. just saying.
Englewood health clinic has no electricity.
I was going to start dieting a bit on this tour. But then I realized how much I'm obsessed with bacon for all the time.
RT : #LakersFans Y U NO CHEERING?
what size and color...check www.bitchimfrom.com
Friend of mine heard this today... "You think I want to go there and get TRAYVONED"? Yikes new word for gated community
9/11 will be never forget and i was 12 at the time i still remember like it was yesterday and watching it on tv
I saw that dog on 670 yesterday!
I hope everyone is having a wonderful Saturday. I'm thinking about going to the movies... What should I see?
Great thing about at 5pm on a weekday? No line!
Totally doing genealogical research for Mr. Ross Perot. #goarchives!
People who take forever in the drive thru really piss me off.
Post office PACKED
Follow me now on Twitter:-)
I'm officially in favor of concrete floors. As is Fritz. My shop is cool as a cucumber!
Creepily face timing people in the next room😱
he's amazing<3 what's wrong boo, got a man yet?
Want to thank all the people who came to my seminar on speedlights at WPPI in Las Vegas & for all the accolades afterwards See you next year
yeah, but still.. supposedly 4G and 3G provide the same speeds. It's the LTE part that is taking industry standard.
Wenesday is all about Pilates RAIN FITNESS. Mat Special ends Friday!
Daniels: Pro-Poverty! Idiot
Did you know more than half of GSA contractors are small businesses?
#RonPaul is a fantastic speaker and I think his ideas would work if everyone got behind them. The hardest part is momentum,
Thoughts on June beauty voxbox? Your favorites? What can we improve?
That's what the food industry wants you to believe!
I just got such a nerd boner for this sentence. A...noner.
the one common denominator in regards to platform is the internet, which will be the facilitator.
Come and Join The #Lala&General Show Lol
Dang it, Cowboys just scored again. They are ahead for the moment. We need Vick to the rescue again.
hagan you know you've missed me!!!!!
wish I could have been there. Listening to Savoir Faire on a Friday night.
Still feeling the sting of that #mubb loss last night at #garden30. Hopefully the team rebounds for the Dance. Fire up Marquette!
Right! Glad to be back. Twitter probably cut us off somehow. All's well that ends well... :)
Keep people at the center of what your library's about.
Sleepy as all outdoors
Lol not in Vegas? Where do you need that plane sent to?
Corn is reaching these students. "My mom has Moodymann records!"
I'm so sorry my interview questions are taking so long. Been crazy busy. Also, trying to make it a good interview :)
lasagna was on point. We'll call it a draw
Back to the whole "do a million different things to stay active keep your mind off of things..."
Google search on your site - Video Web Hosting Forums ..
...Thank You so much for praying !!! Hearing & Seeing People Helping Each Other...Strangers Becoming Friends-AWESOME
Lol i'll put it in my lunch box and be like "I'm watchin my yogurt"
you need one because you surely can't drive.
Very well said! It keeps one from being honest about what needs to change to make one self or situations better.
RT Today is Twitter #Followback day,the day 2 stop being anti-social, meet new people & follow back your followers;~)
All this Nike pressure on instigram
Congrats to #Kentucky on a great year.
ARTASTIC! FREE CHILDREN'S FESTIVAL is next SATURDAY for FREE in FESTIVAL PARK! Join us as we celebrate the culture of Africa!
Loving these TED like short talks w/sector thought leaders. Next up: of on moving from "funders" to "change makers"
Man its sad when u start to resent someone...
Thank you, much!
“ I wanna go back to sleep”
Sat., going 2 thunder knocking on my door, got some great seats thanks to my honey, Art Gore, the drummer in the play in mt Adams
hey girl! You live! I see you and your friends stopped burning and looting in London! Did you have fun? :)
Manchester City may very well win the English Premier League. Lifelong fan Noel Gallagher discusses #MCFC and his US tour |...
I also feel like taking a roadtrip
Straightening this hair then sleep. Peace✌
:) you guys are the best...not sure any of us who work for the program could have said it better...
Na I got yall man my bad I started buying too much tree lol but I got yall this month promise
it's not on till 830
Tomato...Tomato
Nothing is safe on the Internet
thanks for following. i actually have the rockie fresh mixtape on my phone still. def someone i want to work with still
Mild day in the valleys. Only looking for upper 70s - low 80s with plenty of afternoon sunshine/ Beaches?. . low 70s, just like the water.
I am hangover today... Did you know what this means!?!? :o
Happy New Year to everyone!
He's so sexy haha💪
Sub Chris Bosh
Yum! My fav....fast food for me tonight :(
put them in for half the time, stir, then the second half.
Nat debt is almost 16 Trillion, you idiot!
I trimed them up as well...
Kansas in July kinda sucks to be honest
Shabu shabu: pretty great after a day of eating snow.
II pop bottles because I bottle my emotions
#Bulls going for a must win tonight in Philly! We got this!!
My Quote of the Day - "Do not wait for the last judgment. It comes every day.", Albert Camus
#MoneyTeam all day.
its intended to be an antique hair pin.
Pol Chief Ramsey on death of firefighters Robert Neary, Daniel Sweeney:"It's hard on an entire dept, certainly the entire city"
Join us for worship in the Lounge tonight at 8 p.m.!
I guess as long as I'm going to be awake all night anyway, I might as well make myself something caffienated... maybe it'll help...
Go Bucks!!
It was nice meeting you Friday night! I enjoyed our conversation and hope to see you very soon!
Going to coco key indoor water resort for the weekend hmu
WINNER!! I caught the Free bus up the Nicollet Mall...sweet!
8 days until New Orleans. Can't wait for the
Hometown date: judged on family. Fantasy suite: judged on bendiness. Is the winner picked based on sandwich making ability?
RT : Chris Pirie: If you think PowerPoint had an impact on what you do everyday, you haven't seen anything yet
You'r noticed. Sorry it took long! Love you <3 For more I tweet you, I'll never get noticed by you :(
Everything in life is such a gift
"Much depends on dinner." - Byron
anytime:))) and ur welcome:)) i always follow back mahomies:)
TRUTH: Our wings are finger lickin’ good.
I love y'all
Science !!! Thank God Its Friday ! :D Cant Wait To Get Home And Sleep :)
What's meant to be will always find a way. ~ Trisha Yearwood
Thanks for the recent follow hope to fill you with useful advice
I swear, if Tim Tebow and Taylor Swift are actually dating, I will have a cow.
The Hologram Tupac freaks me the hell out.
"In any organization, someone must be the boss. If it's even just one person, you've got to be the boss of yourself."
not interested you spam bot!!!
I am getting the fucken shakes thinking about the RM and Munich match tomorrow!!! Fucken shakes!!!!!
ABDC👍 so excited to see my boyz again<3
School is not where I want to be right about now.
If Burgess Meredith had been Natalie Merchant's singing coach I'd bet she'd be able to hit more than two notes.
Taco Tuesday!
A must - try for yogurt enthusiasts.Low-fat yogurt, low-fat granola and including the season's freshest berries @ Friehook Bakery!
If this is what we've got, than what we've got is gold!.
Have a good weekend, everyone! Stay warm and safe!
#Shamrocks and Shenanigans is this Friday! Get your #StPatties Day Started Early!! Wear Green and get in for FREE on Friday!
Backorder“: Two coolest features at the amway center. 1. The out door bar. 2. Real pop a shot machines. we need both!”
T-Shirt time!
ill have a number 4
#Follow these Patriots!
Flying Lotus tonight. Should be rad.
yes. Its definitely a new fave
thanks!! I'm so freaking excited. Yeah, hopefully you'll be able to come next year :))
Wait no because that would inflict pain upon myself.
Really? I feel like Boombots are invading the world! I think a saw a mob of them crossing mission st.
followed, follow back:)
Interview at Menards tomorrow, thanks to !!
U play poker
Yeah, folks get nervous in front of those cameras!
Would love to see Louisville go all the way!!
to cool
Kinda hating myself because I'm really starting to like twitter.
The fact that full sail university actually has a degree in music business is the most perfect thing ever
obviously, Cyrus!
Guy shuffled his feet, but it did go in
Going to bed knowing you don't have to worry about anything tomorrow b.c it's all takin care of.
ohh.. duh. west coast.
lol I know silly
Most certainly.
I just installed the new Twidroyd for Twitter on my Android phone - it's free and I love it!
It is. I love me some Google Fu.
yo that lotus flowerbomb is my shit right now
hey thanks for following
not bashing DWade's non basketball flagrant foul like you did Jason Smith? Why not?
Hi Rupert. Do you know Nick? He seems to have gone into hiding.
At least they know what it is?
I always feel sad to see students leaving campus. Maybe it's because that's when I get really busy.
And you, dear!!
FINALLY! HA! CrossFit + zone/paleo has worked wonders for me in this past month :) RT : look at those abs.
It's a great selection of titles - my kids are well on their way.
her publicist said to the AP she did
Maddie shout out to they followers and keep you happy
Sorry to hear that! Try list application at greatplacetowork dot com if you have an inquiry about the 100 Best list process!
Kick off your weekend early! Come down to TK for Happy Hour from 3-7 and catch the Lakers @ Boston. Tip-off is at 5!
He's 17. That's called statutory rape.
looking forward to that coffee!!!
. No doubt--but credit to Google for doing the scans first (& agreeing to give them over)
d-nice rocked nyc at 1 oak sunday. going to mix it up today and listen to great house music at juliet.
that was diff. They were and prepared for that.
Yeah I saw those
omfg he's so hot.
F*cking Josh Smith. I would never want him on my team. The #Hawks really know how to piss away a good game.
Baseball player got kidnapped in Venezuela
i saw it ;) follow her ?
A single smile can make your day much better.
yo follow my bro cool af like my lil bro and he hoop go follow him
it was a joke, but u obviously don't know me! So plz dismiss yourself!
What cities do you recommend??
Summer dates are already being booked, RocRio in High Demand!!!!!
No matter how hard I try I'll never be good enough :/
Bernadette Louise Roybal: Truth is:: Think before u cheat sex for 1 nite aint better then love for a lifetime!!!
Black, no. Lmao there's was crickets when you said that.
all that work with OAuth and you’re killing the dish this early? :)
He gets pushed a little on this point in the Q&A -- only a little -- and has not a lot to say about it.
Did someone just say karaoke?
Were off, were off... were off on a mini bus!.
Going shopping with my mom and two sisters!
"I don't think you should call here and talk to me like that."
it was ok nothing special....we should kick it one weekend
Definitely going to have to rethink all this friendship crap.../:
- We LOVE high maintenance people! We think you should have your coffee EXACTLY the way you want it. Glad we could help!
Ha ha! I should've know mum would've seen it already. ;-)
good shit bro
done c:
Less than an hour until line dance lessons in Murfreesboro! Learn how to scoot your boots TONIGHT from 6-8pm! Yeehawww!
“I wasn't that drunk!” “Dude, you threw a squirrel in my pool and yelled ‘Sandy, Bikini Bottom needs you!”
The guys say I been winning lately but I don't see it
en route brotha! Can't wait for tommorow! I'll call you for the plan of attack
its not time yet anyway. and somethings dont last forever. including relationships
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family...
where is the concert? (:
yeah it didn't save for me for some reason, we played Mission after that game right?
Tried to check in at the Noah's Ark rebuilding site in Maryland on I-68 and Foursquare couldn't find me.
🎶Fat baby don wan no moe🎶
if you need to confirm yr self-worth, observe others at the atlanta airport
We are!! Right across from the Rosslyn Metro. Come back, we didn't get to try you out yet.
What's the difference between dark meat and white meat ? Chicken confusing af
glad I'm not goin' to work tomorrow to see all the glum faces.
pure Genius!
#lessimpressivetoys My Illegal American Citizen Girl doll
Every four years we get to see a champion crowned in this town, after this fiesta bowl report we may see a championship team every 75 years
Tequila shots for everyone and a great night
"The saddest thing in life is wasted talent."
: is the graduate school - great program!! Check it out:...
Whatever #nw dear john :'D
On their site says participating locations from 4-7 in commemorative cup. I'm guessing a smaller cup while supplies last.
Thank you.
"Defining myself, as opposed to being defined by others, is one of the most difficult challenges I face." - Carol Moseley Braun
Guess who the #2 online retailer behind is. It's (via )
I'm such a miserable bitch, I have nothing to live for anymore.
Terrific guest presentation by our chaplain on the Battle of Tarawa. He made it come alive for the boys.
No!!!!! I <3 Rodgers, Tebow annoys de crap out out of me!
Shoutout to building her followers at the video shoot!
Our team is headed to conference! Thanks for hosting !
The onfield digital graphics stink.
“: Summer Goal= Meet some new people” hello!
French Pres. Hollande's plane struck by lightning as he departs for Germany; had to return and switch planes.
Another 100 degree day in Tucson! Make sure to stop by #Naughtons for all of your cooling needs. Our friendly staff is ready to help you.
Be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind.
“: Ew, seriously..? So gross.” Dead serious
An essential thing to express when you've been wronged. The most righteous anger is that of a child - little biased by culture.
8o can I haz in? Y'all waitin for the new one to drop or with 12?
Ray ban swag.
All packed for ! See ya in the am! xo
That's what I saw. Not conspicuous or anything.
so good to hear all the good news. yay for no puking! :D just got back from a short 'no media' vaca. feelin' good :)
#Instagram for android, what?!
Thanks James. Next time you're in NY, come grab some Ramen with us!
#OnceYouGetMarriedYouCant say my money because my money all of a sudden becomes our money
So long, #SXSW & Austin! I leave you with 2 ear wigs: "I'm leavin...On a jet plane..." and--"Back to life, back to reality..."
come on man his flopping led to the last 2 3's
Broadway is dark tonight
tomorrow! Super excited to hang with and peeps!
Fair and 77 F at New York City, Central Park, NY Winds are Variable at 3.5 MPH (3 KT). The pressure is 1020.5 mb a
I miss you already
Everyone wanted him! Lloyd is going to be so sad for like 2 minutes lol :)
ok Thanks!
Pitchmart....are you pitching?
Work is over! Woo Hoo! I'm going home and watching The Office on my DVR.
Court's on brief break in Werdesheim trial. Older brother still on the stand, prosecutor just finished his initial cross examination.
Have some headache patient today. Love making their headaches go away without drugs!
I don't wanna watch a basketball game! There is sports on every channel!!! UGH!!!
TEDDY BEAR TOSS or BUST!
Thanks! It's great to be included on that list.
went on a "blind" adventure in psychology...and ran into a trashcan, laughed at me :(
Dreams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way. - Baltasar Gracian
It is the lack of power that corrupts people. If you are losing power, then you will do anything to hold onto it. wisdom from Rakesh
": Season over." Id say so. Go MU!! Outhustled the badgers today! Mayo will be good for MU this season.
Tonight at 7pm - Opening photography tattoo exhibit, 1st floor ONeil as part of Love Your Body Week!
you need to go sit down I'm the biggest fan just deal with it lol..
omg, what is up with people thinking we're the same person? Lol
Getting topper's sticks from papa john's.
Shut up Alex I was from Cail foo and I moved up here tho
I am
#np odd future, bankrolls.
Fine, maybe that last tweet was mildly dramatic. MAYBE. :)
I can't believe it...so sad and so scary...
you can take the boy out of the Delaware Valley, but you can't take the Delaware Valley out of the boy...
I cried when I saw that this was trending. Grow up.
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it. -- Benjamin Franklin
You are so, you know. ha RT : Making dinner and watching the game... at the same damn time lol
lol whatever.. you're not sitting in the AC with soaked clothes.. i mean soaked!
Only during 2nd period
If I die young burry me in satin lay me down in a bed of roses sink me in the river at dawn 
One more - you know when you find some unexpected time to yourself? How great is that?
Avoidance=FEAR
Steve Stricker's 71 is his lowest first-round score since he shot a 66 in 2001.
It was a really chill day. 31 more days till the baby is here and I couldn't be more excited.
I'm soo sleep
Gah.. I hate evenings like this. They're so dead.
who knows, I could eat some good lasagna tho
#brickcity make sure y'all check out that million hoodie march for #trayvonmartin tmorrow @ 11 #newark @ the courthouse
R train acapella group has clearly been rehearsing. Nice improvement gentlemen
hope you enjoyed your report & don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions!
you're right about that. good yom tov
Playing games on my iPad, listening to music on my iPod, writing papers on my MacBook; all in memory of you #stevejobs !
How festive! When I saw the word "trimmed," I imagined something anatomical. Imagine my surprise!
This time next week I'll be on my #Melodifestivalen downer. Mr Saucedo best make the final #Sweden!
LOL!!!!! No wonder they "went another direction" lolol
Whatever happened to AL HIRT @ halftime???
we're glad you're having a good time! Let us know if you need anything. :)
Princeton from has his Mr Nasty Time . lol not that im complaining ;)
It's cold out there in Nashville!
(I didn't mean to thank goodness like that, but hey, why not. Thank you, goodness!)
My supervisor is so fake!.. She tried making convo wit me tryin to get on my good side... Bitch I don care about u!! Stop talking 2 me
i had assumed with a new infant you're now generally redolent of a stripper: baby oil and talc.
Newman needs to hang it up
Buzz, can I listen to you online? You and need to skip Europe & come to Orlando...
15 days #concrete jungle
as long as we are strictly talking influence and not talent/genius/etc. Beatles are not even in the same state
Brice cousin made a sex tape smh
The funniest thing my students did was run 2 the window & start catchin snow in hand. Immigrating frm DR it was their 1st snow!
whats good is you are playing for the pack!
Typing what you really want to say, then deleting it.
No because a charter school is always beholden to a public agency, no matter the status of their operator.
Whenever I manage to pour an alcoholic beverage into a drinking vessel without spilling, I feel like Tom Cruise in "Cocktail."
we use a pill popper on Have you got one of those?
What to do for the tickets?
Luckily, they don't Twitter...so no chance of spoiling the surprise. Unless, of course, they DO Twitter, in which case there's the surprise!
shut up
What did you think of the breakdancing documentaries?
#nowplaying blame it - jamie foxx;; damn I remember when that was the jam (:
Networking is good for finding out about things. It is NOT a good way to get a specific job. Not if the org is healthy. Agreed?
happy today
Bout 2 go outside
Roast Pork Loin with Pineapple-Siraccha Demi Glaze, Smoked Goouda Mashed.
The poor make-up man that received an honorary Oscar needs make-up. Irony.
Say Yes to the New Wedding Collection from Pinhole Press
I think I gained 15 pounds.
She bogus Af
Coach Litscher also said Sun Prairie junior Nick Fuller has picked up an offer from new Nebraska coach Tim Miles.
Hey Cara....just to let you know that our original recording is now up on iTunes (1 more to go in the next month). Cheers!
Enjoying a bacon egg and cheese sandwhich at
San Antonio: AM drizzle, m/cloudy, and breezy next couple days. Sunday chance of storms (few severe). Today: AM drizzle, m/cloudy, high 84.
Manning to Jets talk about to lift off.
no, but I love 's bier market garden! excited to go to a show there :) who is on that night?
I would die of i met him! RT : I'd be so jealous of you if you met nick!! I hope you get to meet me :)
Not to be outdone by Facebook, Myspace just bought a bunch of old pictures and disposable cameras from some hipster garage sales.
sorry we missed you!
again another holy bday :D not middle of this holy month man lol
Hi I saw on that we share 8 linkedin connections so I thought I'd say hello! (@ Century San Francisco Centre 9 & XD)
": that's dope.. Haha" what up Soldier. Hope all is well homie. Peace
Urban Roots screening happening now. 31st and Market Sts. Great crowd so far!
Watchin Americas Funniest Home VIdeos with my mommy (yeah I said mommy! So what?!) and crackin up lol XD
I love not going to school on Fridays
it's like you wont notice me.. ):
Oh darn, I was just sending mine over to your house. jk!
What's the most frustrating thing that happens to you on the computer on a regular basis?
what you giving up?
ok im out! peace and love, stay blessed and beautiful!
Uhg i hate this feeling Rightknow !"
Nothing like watering down the yanks/sox rivalry by showing a spring training game on
its ok, I was one of them criticizing Tello, hes a wonderful player but not ready to face real madrid as starting eleven
Every less than 10 seconds, I have a hiccup
Two more followers ! and ... you want to be those two?! ♥♥
My mom & I are overhearing my brothers conversation with some chick!(: haha
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 242
Thanks for the mention
where are you? Been looking.
Something was missing for me as the series went along but I'm going to catch up since I'm probably going to watch this Fall.
how was your first day going through the new station? (just curious)
truthfully I just want to get home.
Hi lovely babydoll! How r u doing today?
Brain storming what to do tomorrows Inspirational Gallery on. Any suggestions?
T1: I should clarify... "less satisfied about the care they receive while in the hospital"
This breeze outside is what drives up sales for that "plan-B" pill, lol
Rotton Wisdom "The Balance" album is Siicckk!!!!
I still love Spongebob.
starting the morning off at the
Pacers have to extend to three point lead and play D
I think I fell asleep before 10 last night while watching the Heat. Lol. Who won?
depends, if I'm drinkin', then black flag. If I'm just upindapunx then minor threat.
whatchu talking bout lady??
glad you got paid man. No more rusty fork. Great story of being counted down and out and proving doubters wrong
well, i know forsure there are 2 songs that definitely have that influence.
that will make one Chelsea Greenwald a very happy girl.
hope all is well sir!
Hahaha! When I had to email every black admin at OU to get that KCP...ugh. But I got it! Lol.
♀Dear Friend, Don't Visit My Past, I Don't Live There Anymore♀
#Directmail and #directmarketing is alive and well we just shocked it and the heart is now beating again. Thank you for your concern.
hey guess what... I love you! :D #Hunter for life!
Thanks for the shout, Jen!
So now when someone dies should we just say that he or she is "in the cloud"?
OMG!! My husband is on Twitter! Shhh... I'm following him. ;)
Keep us in mind if you ever have a automotive repair need. Thanks for the mention.
Boston College (Hockey East), Air Force (Atlantic Hockey), Miami of Ohio (CCHA) and North Dakota (WHCA)
dnt u rather be alone thn to be with the wrong company? i kinda do :-)
I have nothing to say... But I want to tweet!!!
born & raised in VB! Proud to call VB home Thx for following & be sure 2 check out as well!
Right? The notion of reality as tied to memory can be quite slippery even for non-humor writers.
Ah, you made it. Good! Epic indeed. Iron Man is a funny one, isn't he? Haha
What are your plans for the coming weekend? Spring break trip?
Thank you for the follow I hope to learn much from you. xo Andi
haha. I actually got excited for a sec
Good Morning Ladies!!!!!!!!
Yay for Morrison
not at all. like the look of the bulge
Its Friday, kinda. Anther full day of training tomorrow.
probably because mom likes and comments on everything
So cool to see so many school field trips visiting this week, packing in the fun before the holiday break!
Home from 2 days in the Rockies. Rested, renewed, & ready to meet the world.
Any guys out there taking part in MOVEMBER? Celebrate Men's Health with Patrick's Sunscreen!
Nothing more depressing than a group full of hopeless people. No will to battle, if not for their future, that of their children.
Oh yea Follow and
Facebook is being such a negative noun today.
Looking forward 2 opening of CIVILIZATION (ALL YOU CAN EAT) tonight at & chance 2 see Daniel Escobar onstage again!
That sounds pleasant. Hoping the lawyers are ready to go too. I know I am.
Today's celebrated was once tomorrow's news....have faith.
Can you hit me up with an invite please?
Hey everyone! i'm going to my sis Confirmation!!:D
#KateWalbert should be required reading for anyone with daughters. #AShortHistoryofWomen made me think. #TheGardensofKyoto made me weep.
Enerchía fact of the day: The word #chia is derived from the Aztec word chian, which means "oily."
thank you, and you as well :)
woe! Roman, YOU GOTTA LOVE THE
Promo MKE ♥'s Milwaukee,WI. As many bad things that people say about this city, at the end of the day, it's home and a DAMN GOOD ONE!!!!
He's got nothing to run on except the social issues!
dear facebook, I'm sorry but twitter is slowly taking over. soon you're going to be like myspace...forgotten.
Thanks for the #FF and mentions Have a great weekend!
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for something you are not.-- Andre Gide
Hey Rowenna! Thanks for the link. I never knew about George Rogers Clark!
It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them. Agatha Christie
sean gold.
New homebuilder looking to improve construction efficiencies,communications? #FieldConnect Mobile brings scheduling tools + more to jobsite!
RT : People keep complaining about airline fees, but keep flying. traffic is up 22% in April
have been on twitter in dumb loong its good to be back on
We're setting a mechnical bull in the front of KSTP right now! Watch today at three to find out why!
It's more than I expected before.. I thought it would b boring..
We love you! Welcome to Liberty Plaza!
Congrats on bein drafted tonight. Still a great player. Thank god I don't have to face u anymore. U all ways light me up Congrats
#Broncos 5th round pick is DE Malik Jackson, Tennessee
If you are a #dropbox user are you tempted by #GoogleDrive?
hey buddy!
LeBron dwade can we get a big win tonight! Against Lob City la clip show!?
In Kentucky
WiMAX Forum Member Conference in San Diego, CA - January 18-22nd. Sunny, warm weather just one week away!
Wow! That's quite impressive!
Thanks just followed you.
Son of a bitch
When a girl tweets right after you did, And you know her tweet is about you.
It really bugs me when white girls act ratchet
I apologize for the excess invites. I contacted Facebook to fix
send me an email and I'll sort you out.
#OKC has basically no post game at all...
Wicked Fit & Glam Fairy Casts Reveal New Year 's Resolutions Feeling the pressure from all the New Year, New You talk? Relax! Taking step
Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the Mexican Logger! Tried it today.
take me with you!?
QUESTION: Do you know what is honeymoon? ANSWER: A short period of doting between dating and debting.
Of course Bridesmaids would put me in a better mood
WHODAT say gonna beat them colts?! THE SAINTS said that! bosh!
I lovelz you too cuddle buddy :D how are you tonight?
my wrist is still broken lol
OF COURSE the boys will be in New York today, what else is new?
your ringer is Palmdale. Frogs.
I agree. Me too
Finley caught the ball!!! Good sign for Packers
THREE WORDS If I lived in one of the condos/apts above the perimeter of The Americana in Glendale: GIANT SLING SHOT. Filled with rancid food
and I WOULD rather #Cincinnati get the fame over
Well, I know I have the legs for it ;)
Loll secrets secrets are no fun unless you share with everyone! Well, they accidentally have out bebos number.... Hahaaha
Shooting the interview with TDK AND THE OMG Girls @ in da mix live
Last forum of #ward5se went well at Israel Baptist Church. Was glad to be voted in "final 4" by audience to participate in debate portion.
Goooooooooooodmorning, Starshine. The earth says hello.
The site looks GREAT! And I'm so sorry, I just realized I misspelled your Twitter handle in my tweet! -Caitlin
Thanks now I do want some.
Having no #thanksgiving dinner today is aggravating
Check us out on Facebook! Facebook.com/zerodialect
nice to meet you today - will follow up when I get back to the ATL.
ringringalingling!! Hi Kelly! Thanks so much for the follow! #mofones loves yoU! talk soon!!
watching #coachellalive on youtube. its almost like im there...except im at home on my couch.
": ": Woke up and found out my #Celtics won" *thums down*"its *thumbs* dumb ass Laker Fan
How many times do you think the beer line, David Cross joke has been told today, at pitchfork?
why confuse people and leave out the "coaches" part of the poll name.
I think everyone should follow They rock... and plus they have their new single #Bombshell out on iTunes... go buy it!
Came back from China a few days ago, wow, like visiting a whole different planet-amazing place to see. So here I am, back to painting.
please follow me :) i love you !!
Holtby, I love you.
#FF0066 - the color of my sunburned knees.
If you are interested in being a bachelor for our next event, join us tonight at 7:30 PM for more information!
People living deeply have no fear of death. ~ Anais Nin
Certainly! Are you a one flavor guy or equal opportunity eater?
ohh, shut the hell up fagg! imaaa bitch slap youu. (y) dont get people calling me that again.
Happy birthday !
the world has a short memory.
What's your fave jewelry on a girl? Necklaces, rings, bangles, earrings...? #TrendsTues xox
For sure! And a lot of professionals don't know how to do it. Limits the # of students they can take on these days.
Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process
hey I need joes number. Gotta get my car fixed.
God is not a man that He should lie, when He says I love you, He is a holy God that doesn't take back His word. Come to Him
There was probably a death dream in there somewhere.
Insanity plymetric cardio and 2mile jog in a day...
Welcome! Still cant believe I did it. You'll be surprised how quickly you start to run farther. I was SO not a runner.
Someone come chill, house to myself tonight and tomorrow....
thanks for your kind words! We are developing a documentary-style DVD on Neurochemistry over the next year.
What do teddy bears and turkeys have in common? They both have stuffing.
if you think it's cool, then it must be. :)
Who wants a dream that's near-fetched? Howard Schultz
Mobile marketing is really result oriented and cost effective for marketers to see effective results.
Tracking is done! Now we just have mixing and it's aaaallll over
Thanks for the follows,
GM what's going on Twitter world
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it."Happy 50th Matthew Broderick (Ferris Bueller)
You have a good family right there, god bless you all. Xoxoxo ..Goodnight ..!
can't wait to visit again!
I would kill McDonald's breakfast right now..... But I'm pretty sure my body would hate me
amazing how cheap strip clubs r, there CD player broke, now I can't play CDs, I know they have the money to fix it.
Thank u for the referral! Can't wait to take ur headshots! RT : Love this - can't wait to see Maggie's shots!
"my lord, there is a jeremy davis look-alike working in the kitchen.. #mybodyisready"
Props to anyone who knew the name of the guy in the RV.
Start with 10,000 chips 340 players registered so far (great turnout) I have 9700 chips at the 50-75 level.
lol at the undiscovered love of rum
But soft! What light through yonder wind breaks?
I just saw an article about the Fortune 500 Top 20 and got excited. These are like Oscars to us Corp Comm majors.
Had a great way to end the night skyping with my boo :) I'd take that anyday. :)
i'll be in Buffalo then, sorry.
Day 2 of Surf Expo! Come see us at the Fox booth!
Wow! That's super cool, everyone loves Matt's hair tho. & I look up to u cause u both speak Latin & English which is amazing;)
Best job and industry ever! S. Africa sounds amazing! My boss will be in West Africa in 3 weeks.
well next time one of those cheesy Genesis cover bands comes to town I know who I'm asking to go with me!
and the updates keep coming in: 4 kids taken to hospital as precautionary measure on Leander ISD school bus crash. 61 kids on bus.
Six more weeks of Nordic and Scandinavian crime novels
Yes, I imagine it is part of the job to lie.
Such a great reminder Shelley!
So that episode totally makes me want to start running, learn to shoot a gun and cross-bow. Hm. This could be a new fitness craze.
Share your fav fish batter recipe!? We'd love to RT it!
having trouble convincing myself that Aubrey O'Day is a real person.
lets go with that....but you guys are definitely on my list for christmas(; aha.
63 days until I am hopefully back in Cali and add that my two best friends might be home at the same time I don't think I'll ever top that.
Thanks for clarifying!
Micky ward on stage w the dropkicks....srsly such a sick concert 🍀
Alex can I get a follow back(:
Its okay. because Nirvana
RT : mayor mike coleman knows how to get the job done. GO MAYOR GO!!!!!!!!!!
Being in love with someone and only being able to be friends..
haha :p watch it on Netflix!!
How long will you be there? Swing by Simkasa for poker & bumper pool w/ P-trick & Dan.
My favorite thing to come out of the 1950s was deciding you could float any protein you had on-hand in mayonnaise and call it "salad."
Good morning for you and good night for me haha :)
I can't believe you are treating me like this..
SUCCESS U GUYS! there were MOAR DELAYS, but we made it home about 1 last night :)
I'm sure a five spot will jog her memory :-]
ive gone crazy, cause there are things that ive seen i dont believe.
My grades all goodgood (:
Daughter had to build a fake $50k portfolio for class. She bought $20k of SBUX. And the went up 10% today. Rest fell.
Quora's "Ask to answer" feature is pretty great.
my february trip is to dallas to see my team play in the super bowl. are you doing that with your team too?
RT : When you hear SOUL II SOUL's 'KEEP ON MOVIN' in FIVE MINUTES, be caller 10 to 239 1067 to WIN Holiday World passes.
Are you coming tonight to our Holiday Shopping event? You should! Specials on products, services, prizes!
with that said, I understand media don't have the same trained eyes as NFL scouts.
Just bought my first pair of jeggings 😊
well i'll take a GKY. group. kill you. k. BYE
Came home from bar to find sitting in a dimly lit room, reading the collected Jack Gilbert aloud to himself.
One more day till the classic!!! Get you votes in for who you think will win! Winners get a free LITL decal!!!!
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure its worth watching. —-Unknown
a lot of clanging
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life. ~Author : Cynthia Ozick
Well I cant wait till the voic tonight, maybe Christina Aguilera will be nice.
MT Thanks for supporting ' bid effort, agreeing we'll help restore financial stability to community
Ready for the day to be over!
of course they are because parents have to protect their kids more in these times. It isnt like it used to be.
RT #NothingFeelsBetterThan being a black man that is out here doing positive things instead of negative things. ---> Love it!
Both of you ladies inspire me --> RT : You inspire me Me inspiras for all the good u bring
He's freaking impressive and occasionally acts as my conscience.
dance around a pole wearing flower headbands? sounds like fun!
Work, work and more work.
#IWillAlwaysLove and be a #mahomie till the end <3
Lose Your Way has been a daily listen thanks for the vocals!
