Oh you're not gonna tell me goodnight.!?? You're not that mad dude.
Terra Nova is so bad Spielberg needs to consider seppuku
There is a porsche in the fucking parking lot #WhoIsDumbEnough to let their kid drive a porsche to school......
when do you play and what kind of boxes do they drink
#np Deuces -Chris Brown.
only short worthy of Royalty im sure...nice mic work las Wednesday
very happy to follow! and very happy to add our name to the list of so many amazing artists who are supporting!
Now Kent Norsworthy UT Austin Web Archiving as part of a Research Library Special Collection: the Latin American Gov Docs
I hate the stars because I look at the same ones as you do, without you. I wish you were here. heh. J.P. ♥
Don't forget to join us this Saturday, May 5th, for THE Kentucky Derby Event at Mario's Eastside Saloon!
The rainforest outside is doing nothing for my hair today.
Big thx to , crew & sponsors. So great to catchup w geopeeps & meet new collaborators, co-conspirators!
It was so many ppl & so much love at my Dad's funeral. Hate it had to be for this reason, but glad he's no longer in pain. Love you Pops!
love is like a fart. if you have to force it, it's probaly shit.
Do Russia and China want the violence to continue, or do they not care enough to do something about it? Seems ridiculous to me.
I am going to c u
So true.
S/o to geek squad
oh man I just saw you from afar. I decided not to act ignorant and yell at you.
This Thai food did me so right.
i fixing my icon
just got home, lol.
#LakeShow is on tonight! #LakerNation! Let's go !
Good morning facebook/twitter! Hope you had a good weekend!
thank you stacey!! that's so kind of you! thank you for the support.
Had a great time in the concert :-)
agree with you
Your damn skippy! RT : Monty is gonna coach him up
Well this sucks worse.For some reason my jack and accessories are missing and we can't get the spare from under the truck
You should watch five seasons of the Wire and the "Real Housewives" franchise first.
Wow...media just delivered pies, and there's a drawing for free trips in our conference room at 2:00?
Need to lose weight ASAP any tips...
I have draw something
love you , sorry mikes such a douche!!
I know what you mean. I have a giant 7' one right behind me. However, finding the right marker is key.
my room has a lot of silver in it. it's some sort of sound-proofing material.
I think too much, then put myself in a bad mood.
HAPPY BDAY TO MY BRO CAMMYY BYERS!!!! ❤❤❤❤❤❤
While I appreciate Adelstein's ballsy exposés, Hessler can't help but reveal him to be mildly delusional and self-important
Dwight Harris says district never provided documents about Jaynes reassignment and violated its policies.
omg no i cant go to 's concert in NYC :(
Both. Katy Perry makes me feisty and Jon Mayer makes me depressingly jealous.
I think I'm ready for praiseband auditions
lmfaoooo they're so dumb!!!!
Don't forget to book your fall festival and watch your kids enjoy a bounce house www.bountifulbouncing.com.
being happy doesnt mean everything is perfect it means you've decided to see bryond the imperfections<3
Yes. The Dominion app has killed a whole lot of my time. My 9yo really loves the board version of Small World, fwiw.
Tweeting & Ignoring Texts .
yah..summer reading can just kiss my ass
Lots of O's enthusiasm on the Twitter this morning.
Your ideas are interesting. Any recommended reading?
RT : People who teach drivers' education are roads scholars.
You will be asked if you have been drinking & how much you have had to drink. Do not be on tape saying you have consumed two or more drinks.
follow me please? No, okay then.
Amazing morning meeting with , the founder of Excited to integrate their platform with Pando in the future...
Mad Men... or #hcsm chat on Twitter ... both at 9pm EST ... tough call :)
All we do is clean! Call us at (586) 663 0054 for a estimate today!
my alternate identity
Thank Me Later.. Bitch..
Shout-out to all the new people who have liked the page recently! We are grateful for your support. Big announcements coming soon...
yes great food and good people, like you...
ur obviously outta the loop
we'll be back tomorrow with live coverage from Milwaukee in game 2 of Central Division finals vs
I wear Alexander McQueen
I hate when girls be like I CANT MESS WITH YOU CUZ YOU USED TO TALK TO MY FRIEND
Oh it's a GOOD Friday!
Would someone please come kick my ass and make me get back to writing?
Sunday Brunch is on, come in & relax with the whole family Let us do the cooking & the dishes for you as you sip on a Mimosa @ www.blpdx.com
If you are at #astd2011, please follow This is her first run at twitter and ASTD. Have fun Jen!
Thanks to as our help site is back at 100%
Draw Something. cettel. Let's do it.
“: I guess I'm gonna give baseball 1 more try and If I don't make it then oh well #atleastitried” 👍👍👍👍👍👍
My other favorite quote from the NPR clip was, "Cool things you can do with the Space Program: Save the EARTH!"
Congratulations to Anna C. and Dallas C. for winning our 2 WPT Pink poker chip sets in our Breast Cancer Awareness promotion!
OMGosh, what are we MORE excited about? "Anchorman 2" or "Dumb & Dumber 2"???
I would rather be writing a Poem right now! Maybe a haiku, what works with Train?
RT : Looking for large local venue or biz who wants to host thee biggest Yelp bash in the Burgh. Msg for deets!
The Week's Boxing Schedule, Featuring Abner Mares, Anselmo Moreno And Jermain ... - The Queensberry Rules
Strain-specific assay identifies T gondii during pregnancy - ModernMedicine
Love all your quotes Lori!
#Louisville goes on a run and pulls within 4. #KY leads 46 - 42!
damn im sorry to hear that chica...
I wouldn't mind some good fish fry tonight. Any suggestions?
I don't like that tone of voice you're texting me in.
Happy 4th to everybody be safe out there today
getting my big rig back this week finally
Be sure to take advantage of any business that runs birthday promotions.
The show looked great!
JAMES THIS IS ROY I HOPE YOU ARE OK RBC
im transferring to regular science
RT : Love this gallery -- shows that ANYONE can achieve red carpet glamour with... a simple PONYTAIL! LOVE....
he woke up. We jinxed it
Are you kidding? That's my computer's new wallpaper. DYING. Gorgeous.
RT Found beautiful white dog, stocky w/pointy ears, very friendly. Edgewood Ave/Henrico Blvd, put her in our yard, no tags
Didn't get to finish my homework but I've already lost so much sleep.
Congratulations on the appointment of the #CFO of , Warren Jenson to your Board, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
tea and writing time
what did Geraldo say?
Whliee everybody has a boyfriend or is in love im just here forever alone with food ♥.♥ LOLOL
Lol she going ham..!!!
“: I don't care if anyone else believes me, I just want you to believe me”
Great job Hawks, one more to go....let's get this round over with tomorrow!
Grey's Anatomy, Desperate Housewives, CSI or Revenge...what to watch first?
We provide the community with crime prevention seminars, team building seminars, and business risk assessments. Contact us at...
In the long run they will see what they lost!!
Watching Prison Break. Very Good!
that kinda hurts, I'm sensitive
“: it might be time to reach 650 followers? Let's try!”
In honor of National Hamburger Month, we will be giving away a burger a day! RT & Stop by the for something juicy!
thank you me to
Anyone know yet why Petrino crashed? Cause now I know he had a little something something riding w/him my perv imagination is taking over
Lady Antebellum- "Love dont live here anymore" is perfect right now
My x wanna work I told her try yoga
I'm about as real as Trotsky
"If I ever forget my lines in Shakespeare, I always say, 'Crouch we here awhile and lurk!' "
Good luck! I'm in serious need of new ink. On my upper back though.
Yes. Thx4 the reminder!
#RAW Tonight (:
I enjoy your comments. They make a lot of sense! How can you get in a position to really make a difference?
V interesting interview with this a.m. When he started writing abt lack of #womenintech, vitriol poured in.
Rex and Rocco are brothers and so are you and Scott. Which cat is most like you and which one like Scott?
i think can help you reach your goal.
Producer legend Michael Mancini with 12 platium and 9 Gold records is joining the tour on Oct 9, 2010 Birmingham AL. www.starmentors.com
Following :) RT follow back? :)
and your show is getting great! loved the last episode w and #wepostedonourfbwall!
Tonight we return to The Rendezvous in St Joseph, MO to celebrate the release of MANIA! See you there St Joe!
I'm sorry to hear about your Grandma!
This movie 35 and ticking is too much.
comcast would never have such good customer service
The very best of
Whoa. They pretty much nailed it with postpartum Joan
all my friends agree with me. They also tell me how pretty and cute you are all the time. I get told I look weird.
It's #thirstythursday!
The Horror Palace Network kicks ass!!! Keep up the good work:-)
Oh I agree. Just thought it was funny.
So much shit to do and I'm absolutely loving this weather as my background sound for reading
How is it possible that not a single girl scout has hit me up for cookies this year? Hook a girl up w/some #Tagalongs & #ThinMints already!
“: welcome to our house party! Lol” this seriously needs to happen party at the Mt Wash crib!!!
Gym time
Glad to see the Mariners social media team seriously step it up a notch this year. Great twitter interaction, and an awesome Facebook page!
i need beats!
Hey Adele ( ), check this out! Hope you like it! youtu.be/ZaVuce9iTuc
I am happy pleased to meet your acquaintance. Please send my account 1,000,000,000 CHOCOLATE BARS.
bout to session in takoma park with tazk, whos down?
you know what im feelin to you ? its LOVE
me, too! I so regret not going. :(
lmao I love u!
PEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE
omg that was soo long ago
#SexualPickUpLines the world of the day is "legs". Lets go back to my place and SPREAD the word. ;)
Everybody on top been working hard a long time to get there. The time will come
Thanks for coming! ": Disco fantasy with Congrats for a must-read book and a must-dance party."
Geez...my heart goes out to the 7yr old little girl family who's body was found today..
Hi!;) Do I know you? JW
Lol. Right on. RT : Something tells me Bayou Billionaires will not help Louisiana tourism.
I love mizuwari as well!
I swear my car is always on low fuel level!!
Thea Musgrave told me that Benjamin Britten was difficult to get to know, and that he was aloof. I admire his music no less for that.
Ok algebra time. Don't unfollow me just ask for a follow back. Bye (: x
Can you see me now? I just want to make sure :)
It's too early for all this Christian babble.
aww...you two are awesome :)
When life gives you lemonade, get the fuck out.
Confession: I love how jealous the entire world gets every Thursday. I eat it up with a spoon. No wait, a spork even!
Hopefully over the long run...this will make a difference in the amount of terrorism.
Just finished the last vocabulary set for AP Psychology and I feel so relieved!
Check out FB page for important updates about Saving Portland PE
My Friday night, watching Shooter.
or course he did. :)
Ready for another great week? We're hitting the ground running here at the Hill!
you look so depressed, not yourself. You can always talk to me. What's wrong, bby? D':
heard u on NPR. Your super charming
Hey Senuri! Missed you!
thought architecture was a banned word
just saw a tweet about wanting to go on a walk and talk about everything, ye me and thomas used to do that all the time :(
Opening up for James tonight on the mainstage tonight! So excited!
will do!
It's you.
Aye yall follow my soccer team. They follow back!
pretty good. Enjoying it. Howve you been?
those girls are to adorable!!!! i love them!!!
are you going to water cooler Wednesday tonight?
LAST NECESSARY day on Pitt Campus. #CanIGetAnAmen?!
Hey Twitter, looks like I'm back. :)
It's a crazy world when Yankees fans are miserable and upset and METS fans are having an enjoyable time!!! Even when it's bad!
It's true that I am current working on a paper and several presentations that cover 'affect', but I think I may be kind of sick of the topic
-___- your shoes 😊
OPENING TOMORROW in NYC: A Festival Favorite from Japan, 'I Wish'
Once you stop living for the praise of others, disapproval doesnt slow you down.
This security line at Dulles is some pure SKUBALAI!!!! Why do I keep forgetting what Thursday travel is like?
Straight, boy directioners ;) lets have fun hahaha
finished a dress for a great charity to battle
everyone im sorry if im not following you back quick enough but i have been busy with school and modeling im sorry<33
Just went 2 church for the first time in awhile. I feel so spiritually grounded. Plus Fleetwood Mac is on ze radio. Its going 2 be a :) day!
I will choose to meditate on His goodness and trust in WHO He is- simply all I ever need. #Peace sublime.
The jury in the the Jennifer Hudson family murder trial has reached a verdict...to be announced at 2:30pPT/5:30pET. (via )
Jail or not... I can't get you outta my head!
Fun fact: Crowded elevators smell very different to midgets.
Signed your US Senate petition yesterday in WFB. Good luck TB.
#NBA NEWS: Oklahoma City Thunder's James Harden was named Sixth Man of the Year by the NBA on Thursday.
Put a fuckin body on Dunleavey!!!!!
do you ever have those days where you see you're crush and you're planning on talking to them & BOOM . You get fucking ignored
The brewery's amp burned out today. Working in silence. New amp ordered. Fingers crossed that our people don't strike... starting with me.
ha, awww thanks :)
Scored a cookbook & thanksgiving poptart. Nom! Thanks
Bring it on is on tv 💜 I can quote this whole movie
#TweetYourEyeColor green/hazel (:
Happy Meals Have Been Served Since 1979
now I just need your willpower :)
you ditched out on an LC MKE happy hour! Disappointing. We were all looking for you! Enjoy your stay :)
#mubb never gets the appropriate amount of love
Get yall #Brooms out cuz #Dallas bout to get swept #OKC going
Felt like I slept for days. I blame it on the time change.
--Hi! Single income Mom taking fam to FL from MI in an Enterprise minivan tonight. Need15%coupon, know where can I find it?
RT the links & info we post to share WayCool things w/everyone!
This #Penguins v. #Flyers series is absurd. Where's Rod Brind'Amour when you need him?
yea! It's not a long time!
man twitter is a bit hard to understand help
Where are you headed for the holidays!?
Make like nike and just doo it!
I can't wait for this wedding tomorrow :)
Did I just leave a recording studio? Did I just sing in a booth? So surreal, so amazing.
Baby, you have become my addiction, I’m so strung out on you.
So happy to sit and chat about life, fitness & charity :)
Need a cocktail I kno dat remy would put me down
Hi text me
You misspelled "my" here.
Lauren's presenting at a grants wkshp today @ 2pm. Come say hello! Syracuse Educational Opp Ctr, 100 New Street www.nyhumanities.org/grants
instead of generic stmts like corporate profits R up, list companies w/increased profits that R not hiring & let's boycott 'em
Shoot me down..but I won't fall. I am titanium.
Hockey should never be played in Tampa.
great to hear, and thanks! When do you visit ;)
I sold my iPad 1 a couple of weeks ago in anticipation of this today. got $330 for the 16GB wifi version… I'M READY
The weather outside is frightful but the studio is so delightful! Why shoot in the cold when you can shoot at Baltimore's best sound stage?
RT : "If you think you're leading and no one is following you, then you're only taking a walk." -Afghan Proverb
Thanks for the retweet!
rocked the house
Im Scared of fallin, so im taking shots but they all air balls
I miss ya twitter lol :]
“: ... And keep your ears open for da podcast w 's Brian Nelson tomorrow!” it's br-Y-an!!!
facebook is really dead right now.
I agree with on the #NOLOGS campaign. Twitter must change its data retention policy. Pass it on.
laugh and take photos
Happy Presidents Day!
An everybody know it ain't trickin if you got it😉
two cups of coffee and a video game
Tattoos and snap backs 😍❤
Nice & quiet here. Won't last past lunch hour.
When you find out you raised your ACT score by 6 points >>
To the protesting students of CA higher education: please read Norwegian Wood by Haruki #Murakami. Thank you, and please attend lecture.
Ladies night + men=
Have a safe Memorial Day weekend!
A kiss without a hug is like a flower without the fragrance.
Happy Leap Day!!!
Why is it that the people with the most annoying voices are the ones that talk the most...
I wish someone would bail me out with 528 million then let me file bankrupt!!!
rang up or a actually sold $5000 worth of stuff?
Twitter Can't Stop the $4 Dollar Fundraiser!
omg! I was an outfit repeater to one of their concerts!
you know you're kind of a big deal when the company foots the bill for your BK Broiler
GO AHEAD RONDO. Take it to the RACK.
U MAD?!? Missy verged into pop witout sellin out...:)
Always fun MT: Special thanks 2 IRS for notifying me of upcoming audit. Maybe next we can get together & schedule root canal
consider the source, there...
TY for the follow.
You are so confusing! Your older than me! uhg.
#EmailMarketing Tip 33: write compelling subject lines, 50-60 characters. Tell, don’t sell. State the contents' benefits....
me too! Sorry I didn't say bye earlier! either way, talk soon.
“: It's perfect cuddle weather dude.”
Hi Linda spread the word to all the Rochester Guitar afficionados! I hope all is well with you Cuz!
Lmfao you guess? And I'm just ready for school to be over -.-
#yougottobeshittingme! #Shoutout 2 Kobe Bryant! Good Sportsmanship! & A good class act! /via
Miss Christmas is here! Check out our new logo for this GREAT TIME OF YEAR!
dumb comment
Because you are a compassionate, caring man who obviously is a good listener. You are the go-to guy :)
thank you!
Today's Rs won't be happy until gov't is nothing but a Dept of Defense, Homeland Security & a few potted plants.
FUCK #SOPA they are shutting down unnecessary sites...
Hope is Hip! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Dedicated & true
and that's good. Them guys are fools. Hypnotize you until shit becomes real and they run. But not every guy in this world..
They did that on purpose. Perfect glittery song for that game.
don't call me that!!!
God works on his time not mine
Just signed up for ! Great map interface, a good excuse to use my phone's GPS. I am spoked!
David Koch donates $35 million to National Museum of Natural History for ... - Washington Post
It would be awesome if no one called me today because I'm trying not to talk myself hoarse today
Looking for a way to shake up your workout routine? Give fencing a try! Only $29 for 4 classes in today's deal: www.dailygroupsavings.com
I'm so sorry. My thoughts are with you dear sweet friend~I luv U & ur family r in my thoughts ((hugs)) much <3 love~ALWAYS~
thanks bro! “: more like skilled brotha!”
hey make sure u follow my new account! This one is phased out. Go to thanks!!
Tea partiers cause earthquake in China, 400 dead. When will the violence end?
Thanks for RTs
cause there's a clock on the stove. See you're lying you can cook.
Too much to ask that the temps in PDX get above 50 and stay there? Apparently so.
does an ape $h¡t in the woods?
<========= Ooh yu looking for tht Jasmine! , Well sorry but she gone!
Glad to hear! RT : Battered by May's flooding the Schermerhorn will reopen in glory - challenges don't end there 12/23/10
New Students: Be sure to follow for #iSchool news!
: love that she spoke up about that! Got a big laugh, too
very cool! He's a good singer=)
No pressure to hurry up and relax either. RT : Did ya'll know it's "National Relaxation Day"? And they chose a Monday.
Where's the D?
( Our System teaches you How to budget for your Start Up Cost)
Who you telling?!
I don't like Kreayshawn.1st she's copy's Amy W.'s makeup,2nd she not good at all. Her Gucci song is k not ok just k & the rest is lame.
I guess I'll call this a #sprinklerbreak. The irrigation system just came on, spraying me and windows I'm trying to clean
I know you can...we could definitely rock it! Love you too!
Thanks. I thought there was a new one where you could create your own. Can't remember where I saw it.
Everyones power in HC going out
This is why we do what we do....Nationwide, 73% of girls have been abused according the the U.S. Department of Justice.
I paid for this one
We were just voted as the best fish sandwich in #Indy by Try 1 tonight while we play some live music for u.
omg i'm like crying omg!!
my kid sister used to love eating paper
let me know when you get to town and we can meet for drinks with as suggests.
tebow not wearing green and yellow is the BEST news i've heard all day today.
oh ok :D
#atlanta_hawks Josh Smith gives team 77-76 lead over #Celtics as Boston has collapsed in mid-to-late 4thQ
Missed it! “: I hope you got tivo or something...the RnR HoF tribute to the Beastie Boys is the shit bro!”
Tried to. Saw the word "funk" and got bored.
love that idea...sadly we use an outside valet service and can't control the costs. sad face!
but the pimp bursting would be funnier!
Atlantic City in the MIXX for tonight.
Disco nap then it's off to El Maguey 2nite for Hip-Hop Thurs. "Yoosa!"
Time for #OnceUponATime. Another Sunday night glued to my seat enjoying a great show.
interesting. might give it a shot when I get some time thx :)
Those nights where you toss and turn and get no rest :(
RT : I had the pleasure of being one of the translators for POHP & the story touched me deeply.
love juuu too!
I'm not quite sure. The fundamental problem is trying to keep up with NA episodes while also listening to other 'casts I like.
I have blue & hazel. I'm wearing hazel right now.
The Beatles set the tone for boy band mania. Influenced fashion as much as music. Enjoy or relive the moment. This Thurs!
Yeah It Start At 7
I don't even know you?
I'm the oldest too but I'm also mature for my age... I get told that all the time
itchy tats suck balls
Join us at 2412 E Fairmount at 11 to welcome Sequoia to her new home!
Thank GOD for 'PRIMO'S BIKE SHOP! Parts & Service! 1645 West Vernon Ave Los Angeles, Ca 90062. Very compassionate with there prices! 1 LOVE!
#That1Friend that you know you can trust no matter what.
Yup. Good to know I'm not the only one.
Wheatley: Got impression that Wisconsinites went thru potentially life-shifting experience this winter, in terms of politics
Why does everyone blow things out of proportion. Boys will be boys, who gives a cluck?
Yoga all morning, induction ceremony tonight AND Pottermore opened today. Holy amazing.
all you are sons are very talented and i hope they will never give up!!!!!
Fact: No two set of teeth are the same, even in identical twins.
YO JUST SENT IT G!!!!
#NMSA2011 Have arrived! We are trying to decide where to eat?
“: I just changed the blower resistor motor in my car #mechanic” You need that for Bill Self, correct?
Ewwww. I DON'T want to go to school tomorrow.
Tomas #Berdych is a #twink. Lost a lot of respect for him tonight.
Lord I just did one of the hardest things in my LIFE! I know he embarrassed cause I know I am but a MOMMA GOTTA DO WHAT A MOMMA GOTTA DO!
UF Art + Art History is teaching "information design" for non-majors this fall. An excellent course for humanities grads!
I think Gamel's been good. Defensively he'll have more range... but make fewer "saves" on balles in the dirt
Does anyone know this month's birthstone? The first 5 people to respond correctly will receive a FREE jewelry cleaner!
RT : On #WorkWednesday why not apply to a #2012BestPlacestoWork finalists ?!
that, and new visual trends are often taken too far (it’s easy for that to happen, restraint is a rare skill)
#FF great editor and cute toes!
yo g was poppin wit you
is your risk related to you not being at work today?
day-drinking. Can you handle it?
it's official. The twitter handle has changed... Good luck J!
Thanks San Diego! You shared you priorities and Vision for San Diego. Thanks for Showing You Love... We hit record engagement!
DYING BECAUSE CIGARETTE SMOKE.
Flip Cup or Beer Pong?? Which is your fav?
Hotel Oregon's annual bourbon tasting - Saturday, October 2nd at 7pm! Details at mcmenamins.com. Call 503.472.8427 for reservations. Cheers!
Im thinking that my real life timeline deserves more attention and maintenance than my facebook timeline.
Hi Larry, I Miss our EC Gatherings on the edge, Maybe some day we can all get together again!
Gotta love insulin.
Dear Twins, please score
Hey Barack what do u do on the weekends when your not campaigning?
I got like 10 people and the deadline for pics is July 9 :(
Is that why they call me T-rex? "At work my nickname is Sweetness. It's as much for my running ability as it is my personality."
if your readinn this FOLLOW ME BACK ღ
is that from domino
correct you are not conservative
are u sure?
Harry's room is starting to look more like a nursery instead of a storage unit with a really nice painting on the wall. #RunOnScentence?
just got line drives in the arm at softball.
Follow Back Please? :)
we together still. It only ended for a day. Been together a while. Since l left for Kansas in August. I just kept it Lowkey
"I'm goin' to Tishomingo, because I'm sad today, I wish to linger, way down old Dixie way" DAT blues recording from
We hear posted the best time in the Senate in the ACLI Capital Challenge
I gotcha. I think I watched it a few times when it first started...I had too many other shows and Mavs stars and what not
Is watching it rain inside the dry Froggy 104.9 F.U.V. at the Governor's Derby Celebration...at least the coffee is good!
Give ppl something to do. Tell them what they need to know, direct them. Use active language.
Check out our brand new homepage! www.nationallabnetwork.org.
We are spending this wonderful Sunday evening reading some super books. What are y'all reading?
Hey girl! How does your weekend look like? I'm free all weekend so I would love to schedule something then!
Gonna use this more.
If you dont cry today you clearly dont have a soul
Link in confirmation email for map to DC 6/5 event says Georgetown but pulls up Clydes in Galleryplace on map. Head's up.
Holy shit. Broken tooth = mo truckin toofache. My face feels like i brawled and got decked.
I feel like the condoms were a legit #alleyshrimp. I like that they seemed so neatly stacked.
Nuggs primed to steal one center
just downloaded 's newest drop by # Nebulous and Mishka's 's #toothywavy. next is 's R.A.P. lp
its about time to eat again lol
"Never let yesterday use up too much of today." - Will Rogers
I came close to a similar deal yesterday - Phillips for Gallardo and Hanrahan
google it
can't wait to see what goodies you cook up for the blog. Better rest up for next weekend!
Say The Word, I can make it happen! :+D RT : Brrr ... What southern state have you considered moving to this month?
Best Prices on Printing in NYC > www.800printingnyc.com
God is good. Why are we so bad?
2 boxing classes back to back with hardest instructor ever seemed like a good idea at the time. can't feel my left arm.
nope, dead center, white shirt
I'm far from the superfan Miley is, but the huge progress they've made in pitching is unmistakable.
We think it's awesome!
sometimes your razor breaks directly midway through shaving
india river map
What happened?
then we can all watch it together ;D and we can cuddle with him(;
it closed. It's by bilotinjak now but who knows maybe he works at the new place. I'll try to find out this summer x)
Sunday usual. Family, food, and lots of writing to do.
Follow me on twitter!! :)
Because players fund the game, the need for a collective union of poker players with the power to affect change is vital.
no problem
Free screenings tonight: Salmon Fishing in Yemen at the Angelika Dallas, Walk The Line at Studio Movie Grill Dallas.
Hate to jinx it but the #Royals have been looking pretty damn good over the past couple weeks
Cleveland wedding today, St. Anns & The Courthouse.
From all of us at Applebee’s Colorado, have a safe and happy New Year!
is it one of those fancy kitchenaide ones? or a Betty Crocker? j/k
:D Following both of you now. Nice to be in like company!
show this little mama how a gangster groove (;
Hol up RT“: What's on the menu?guess ill try this 1!#smokesomethinbitch in my Pimp C voice”
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places. - Henny Youngman
Hoping to rock presentation this morning with !
it's cold as hell! But at least there's a bunch of snow outside XD
an avocado tonight for dinner reminded me of the first avocado I ever had, was in Atlanta where my brother was managing the symphony
#oomf is forever in Twitter jail Lmao !!!
yes we must - email me when you're back in town!
NOSOA-City Planners (Elected officials, Bureaucrats, Investors, Urbanists, Architects, Engineers, Philosophers and more) built cities.
Pat Barry is cool. Not that big of a guy, but he stands in there and throws with some giants. Have to respect that.
What local businesses will be at the #bizexpo12 in Raleigh at the Raleigh Convention Center? We want to follow you on twitter and FB!
Me and coming up wit a plan lol
Someone go see with me on August 9th. That's a demand. I bet you like them, yeah?
Funny, I thought the 1st Amend. actually promised freedom of religion everywhere, even in our politicians!!
Shit what was I supposed to do today? Oh yeah lay here in my underwear all day...
By all means, come on down! The more the merrier!
Knicks should just send Melo on an all-expenses paid vacation for the rest of the season.
A.J. Redders w/ith a two-run single on a two-out 3-2 pitch gives Middleton a 4-3 lead in top of 5th inning. Redders poked a single to right.
Business logic in columns. Yeah, that's a good idea. #doh!
Today I got a pick up hug... And it was awesome.
Watching Survivor at work = Happiness. Up next: South Park, American Idol, and the entire recent season of 30 Rock!
it's like trouble seems to find me.
Don't apologize if you aren't sorry... Be real with yourself.
Maybe you should read the instruct- "NAH I got this!!!!"
My family went. Good location and great variety of food!
Enjoying some
We're not cab drivers. We don't need to know the temperature outside today. Thanks.
: you doing Drake numbers tonight #2 on iTunes already!!
I am just helping :)
You cannot stop the Internet.
posted to what? I don't do FB
Whats so funny is my teacher just tole me to get off the computer but i aint yet!
Go #Cavs mother fuckers. Happy birthday Twitter you ADHD microblogging whatever the shit this is.
No not mine anyway (: I had one but aint being on it in Months..
I did a couple days ago but none since.
I'm seeing War Horse. Have you seen it? I've seen Wicked 2x in Los Angeles & loved it.
The web itself is essentially a social media
I really want to go so I might get one!
Buy already! What's keeping you so long? Vlieg vanaf London, is goedkoper :D
~Charles Darwin~They say that time changes things,but you actually have to change them yourself
thanks Bobby..appreciate it
Eyes on a computer screen all day?Refresh eyes w/the 20-20-20 rule-every 20 min of screen time, look away for 20 secs @ something 20 ft away
The Sega Genesis featured a version of the same Motorola processor that powered the original Apple Macintosh computer.
Thanks, John. Big week!
Being famous is not easy, if fame hits the unfortunate person.
Are you here Meg? I thought I saw cars at your house over Thanksgiving?
I'm so glad I don't live in Cleveland
You too:-)
Every time I come to the barber shop I hear some dude openly confessing his shitty fatherness. Makes me appreciate my pops x1000
you are all invited to Lenny's live call come join the call!
Really don't want this weekend to end, it's been the best one in a while.
would love it!
I Get Jealous, I get Mad, I get Worried but thats only because i Care!(: <3
I think going home at lunch to watch #MadMen totally counts as work when you work in advertising
This, here, this is one of the ten things I hate about you. ;-) I can not jam with the console cowboys in cyberspace.
ha! Haven't caught that one yet. Being a > Dad!
Some day I will be at a Hold Steady show when they play slapped actress
Ordered an LTP. Made in Texas??
Good luck to the runners from and in the Mumbai marathon
if He does then y was he at sel's not wid jazzy or pattie who is sick and Sean who's in the hospital? O.o 
I cannot find my car keys.. HUUUUUUUUUUUHHHH!
am I the racist non-redneck version of my look alike?
i have never lisened and loved a singer as much as you(: #10DAYS cant wait! Follow back?(:
Heading to Blaine, Midway and Maplewood for estimates today. DM me for a free, no-obligation, estimate to clean your windows.
the only guy that's proven not all guys are the same is . I Love you bestfriend .
I can feel the sun whenever you're near ~
Audition today for Bob Cratchett in film version of "Scrooge & Marley" where Scrooge is gay and owns a chain of gay discos!
I love you guys
who's hosting?
First day meeting the new boss and my stomach is killing me!
Happy Alojah Friday!! =)
Thanks for the shout out!!
WOAW! I stood up to when my dad came in and rolled on the remote, and on came the adult channels :L Bright red right now
thanks for contacting me - but I think i've found exactly what I was looking for.
Tomorrow you shall be punched in the face with comedy...hard!!!
I dont think thats what he means. He means it might make cmtes look at all their candidates more carefully, right?
You just need to make sure that you put your r
that moment when I hadn't been using twitter for several months but am now coming back to it, so hi :)
I am SO flippin' tired .
This Fight is Cottos to win....
Missing her
i did too!
Tan lines from track are the worst! Im thinkin' beach this weekend!(:
"This has gotta be the good life."
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you’re willing to work. (Oprah Winfrey)
ugly day today just ruuning around ..
i like your eyebrows.
#Ifgagametbieber she would probably try to wear his shoes one her head as her new hat :)
Thanks. Sushi tomorrow or should we try the mexican place?
Trying to be happy for some people; but I feel like everything is being rubbed in my face, even if not intentional
So nice to feel productive by the end of the day!
Made it home by 7am. Ain't did this since my side show days lol...
I know that the HD vid and forward camera will be helpful. Love the new screen.
Happy Mothers Day <3
Going starbucks today with my girl!x
Serendipity. Been thinking I needed to start a new series. Should I read this first or last?
I Appreciate Him To 😊
Strand Events Today: Band together for Haiti. $10. The bands participating are Sub*mission, Day Job Blues and The Jugbusters.
At Pro Bull Riders's St Louis Invitational. It's live on some cable network. The boys & the dirt are flyin.
Not to mention, the apron moves would probably look pretty slick in Fire Pro.
Did you just say MORE hops? Has your Twitter account been hacked? Very uncharacteristic.
I played through the demo a few times. VERY good game from what I could tell.
You know why Xfactor had low ratings? Because they didn't select me for Hollywood! I have to help them next time.
what are the thoughts on cannabis , legalise it or not?
When will you be in #PDX again?
ladies love you also
you are on a roll!
Heads up: Carmax is ordering up Temporary Construction Power for it's new Escondido location! And you thought they'd never build!
WE HIT TURBULENCE!!
Having another good weekend night at Bar Louie Water St! Karaoke and all the staff dressed in TOP GUN / 80's gear! I'm wearing a fish tie!
Snooze ya lose
Jp about that
My mecca: Shakespeare and Company bookstore, on Paris' Left Bank. Hemingway, Pound, Fitzgerald. You guys gotta go.
Hey Wassup Nm chillin you oh cool -_- BITCH ! lose my number with your robotic texting ass! cant stand a boring texter smh.
What do YOU think about professional certification?
done with the headshots. On to the readthrough...to be continued
Gross ass bitch!
Google-plus has so many sketchy people milling around muttering to themselves, Google should start offering Greyhound Bus service.
I'll still be standing here.
Remember when the Spurs wanted Josh Howard? I'm glad that didn't work out.
you think asu can cover tonight? 15 points
#uppers On this woman-themed program, a Tampax ad has depicted a woman's willing the disappearance of a line of folks for her convenience.
Let me know when. Maybe next week?
Hahaha. RT : Beck: I wish I could poop outside. Me: Don't even think about it.
And it's the people that are always on twitter and facebook that need it the most ...
Rose and shine, early start for a busy and long weekend
did u got to sleep 0_o
Couldn't take it anymore-went to WS Market & asked for MarGORitas & some napkins-they said no dice
hahaha oh yea #oops he's a freak
The doctor advised me not to lift heavy things.. so I have to sit on the toilet to pee now...
Happy Ascension Day of Jesus Christ
I turn my phone on silent i needa get away
S/O to the ones that be there for a nigga...
Yes, we do have an audio captcha for fallback.
that looks like some awesome stationery too!
With Maria in world history we r such #REBELS!!! ;)
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 75
Girls have friends that are guys because there is so much less drama.
One spinner rim on a Saturn. I'm not being sarcastic when I say, "That is awesome."
Just wasted my 2001 & 2002 tweet on the sleeping library guy, damn.
Ryan Braun likes doubles.
Mad face 'XO
I met someone who said the best time to be there was winter.
I don't care how old Tom Waits is - I would make love to him on his deathbed.
Happy easter. :)
um, yes. And if you follow me on tumblr I'm going to block you.
HE SORRY.
We'll be thinking of her! Best of luck to you both
"Sensitivity training;" whatever.
Next time I'll get you a pint, and some grilled, spicy meats to pair with.
Obama is on the ground at #cop15 and I hope he can salvage something from this wreck! Legal binding treaty for the world plz
Ur twitter name says you hate yourself. & I'm going to LA! :) I love it and I am not someone who likes 2 travel bk n forth
“: Love Group hugs” thanks.
#JulietAnUnPopular is up to 44 followers. We only need six more! #followfollowfollow !
Twisting at The Showcase Cinema Woburn, Ma. at 11 Am for the Peppa Pig Movie "Muddy Puddles" Twisting Peppa Pig out of Balloons!
We don't just exist in "cyber world", come see us. Everyone welcome.
weird how much I like big time rush....not sorry at all
“: Just picked up Declan's first pair of Air Jordan's. #proudDad” omg one of the best dads I know katlyn should be proud.
hey there! 4 more days of school for us then music all the way!
#JBBOYFRIEND1 al the way!!!!! AH I love it!!:) #10days and our dreams will come true!!<3:)
I've never been to a Thunder game. #sadtweet :(
Brooklyn The livest borough You come here frontin you might die in this borough The east the feelin best dies in this borough .. - Foxy B
glad to be off work!! Busy busy!! :(
Carpool to dance rehersal on friday?
Think we got everyone, but let us know if you didn't hear either way from #thatcamp Austin - we're here to help!
How do you feel about the anointing of the music ministry in the church today? Do you think it's growing stronger or weaker?
After talking with fellow author Alex Pineda about his book "Married To The Promise" I'm inspired 2 blog. Ne blog title is "Full Embrace"
True! I'd suck at it too lol
Be good to your body – It’s your landlord- InSpotter mobile app
and the Blush team hope to see can come to our Mequon opening!!!
Chris Paul baby. Tied game at the end of 1. Spurs & Clippers looks like a bball game and not a brawling match like last series.
Ok its official. This gaga album is fucking stupid.
HELLO FROM BRISTOL MOTOR SPEEDWAY!!
Don't forget to VOTE for Chunky Fine daily text to 383838 msg 4848. Thanks for your continued support.
I am your family and when you worent around we talked about your hair and my dad is worried about you
Another topnotch class & a new skill learned: Hosting!
Tyler I am a huge fucking fan bro. Any tips for a 15 year old kid trying to make it big?
": "I was the bomb diggity as a baby, I was break dancing as an 8 month old." #NewGirl #Schmidt " LOL love this!!
Nice music!
Coast guard heli, police boats by 520 high rises. What's happening??
I might stay another night at my aunts house. woohoo! I get tons of great laughs over here :3
tell Tracy it's ok to get a little closer.
Do you find it hard to keep up your skin and beauty regement during the holidays?
great now here come the the rumors for kovalchuk to the rangers........
This is about to be a #EPIC ass summer
You shouldn't listen to other people's opinions!
You have an otter nephew now! I am pleased.
Okay, can we also ban those pegged jeans so narrow they required zippers at the ankles? 1985 the first time was bad enough.
Power is being told you are not loved and not being destroyed by it #solution: smoke two bLunts and kall me in da AM lol
It's Friday Fun-Day!
": Morning. #NP Frankie Smith "Double Dutch Bus""- my mama know that song word for word lmaooooo
"buddy the elf, what's your favorite color?"
yes i linked them to your blog lol
#confession I have a big ass crush on .....
True, but the one in K of P mall is closing! (Where will I find a reprieve on Black Friday?)
my name is Courtney!:)
Get ready to get your rocks off! The Carnal Carnival Is Coming! Scicurious Stuff! If you buy it, Flaunt it!
k but she might not answer
Great meal at Wok With You w/ #Convoy:
YES thank you
I wrote about SOPA and got a form letter of blandishments back. But I see by his Twitter account that the net is not his thing.
Now playing #SheAin'tYou #ChrisBrown Damn straight, she ain't me. There's only one AJ :)
's quince with <3
My farts
Shout out to and Kate McPherson from for their mad MC skills at the #ask2012 awards last night.
I wonder what they mean "under renovation." Maybe one that started and wasn't completed because of foreclosure crisis?
The links are up got to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games live online register and gain full access to all the games enjoy!
I've lost 15 pounds and it has TAKEN FOREVER and is RATHER HARD. Dieting is not easy when one is in one's 40s. Encouragement welcome! : )
Libya fact: Exchange rate (LD to US$) 1.2
No but fuck you
hey cookie
LOL. Poor Ben.
too bad! Yes we will talk soon! Much success!
- Madonna with morals - What happened to Dick VanDyke?!
Is we ever gonna go for a walk!?
Do you have any business or blog network?
My 4 year old has mild Autism
This is the problem with Twitter. I am far too excited to see footage of the jumbotron proposal rejection at MSG I've just heard about.
Everyone I'm Dr.Lester's third period bring food tmrw!!
Coinstars!!! Best band name ever!!!
cuz the way i see it youre all natural ;) i plan on getting shirts made so ima need models for the team soon
Up getting ready for work.
Kindness, generosity and overwhelming love, healing & support defined my evening.
Cali is being called the next Gold Rush for Utility Savings 4 Electric. Get involved in a company that pays the most! Call 1-646-397-9817
lol yep, i was down for the count.
Thank you, glad you like them!
So many ways wanna touch you tonight I'm a big girl got no secrets this time Yeah I love to make love to you baby
looking at positions in the KC Midwest area.
I have a lot of things I want to say about Match right now, but mostly I just need a hug.
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :*
PASS OUT ON YOUR COUCH
Yayyy!!! How are you, today better than yesterday with all the car crashing and whatnot?
that's a great combination. Never heard of it before. Is it bark?
I got annoyed by the bugs and alerts in TweetDeck, so I found Tweetbot to be more pleasant.
Walking past the Bobcats' team store at the Cable Box. Display window has 7 MJ shirts. 1 Bobcats shirt
Auto correct strikes again. RT : Do it for the realest mothafucka$ in the game right note she will
Like elevate youth klfc on fb and follow us
The genius of a fantastic leader is to leave behind him a circumstance which common sense could manage successfully.
wondering the same thing, just for thurs night though, will stay with family in det weds and fri+.
Clare! Massive fail. Lets hangout and just talk about the gym while eating pastries, plz.
If ur a mahomie and u live in NC tweet me!!!!
fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuuuuuck. You're one of the most important people in my life. I don't know what i'd to without you.
I'm not gonna change to make money....that's what she really said
I might actually start tweeting more because it's not set to go to Facebook.
You know what's not cool? Mondays. You know what IS cool? Candy and coffee. Guess who doesn't care it's Monday anymore! You. Come on in!
Alabama is the name of the ship. origin is Norfolk, VA.
HathiTrust books, Prospector harvesting public domain titles!
kohls! That sounds like a fun job. Good luck!
come on racers....lets win.. .follow me..miss alexis todd on twitter
see y'all Sunday wooowooo
you look great!
happy to help! Anytime!!
Just left my last modern class for the semester :( gonna miss it!
Well then stop in and see us!
Since when did every single Indians starting pitcher lose the ability to throw the baseball over the plate for strikes?
Scotland Yard Pub: Sabre's hockey, then Victoria's Secret 2011 Fashion Show on the big screen. $5 Dragon wings. Giddy up!
ok but who r u
Back in your inbox.
I'm so glad school starts tomorrow xD but I have to where my #JROTC UNIFORME ON WENSDAY DAMN IT UGH FML D;
#Google+ or #Pinterest? Join the conversation!
#snow? Northern NM 4cast: Wednesday Night Partly cloudy with a slight chance of snow showers. Colder. Lows in the lower to mid 20s.
I am so ready to get outta this place
Thank you. I'm thrilled to be part of a team of dedicated to making brighter #Latino futures!!
beautiful day. fall comes to socal, you have to be sensitive to it. color temp of light gets warmer. 70s today, air soft on cheek
"Sex life" - Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows
9/13 of my picks made it through :)
If smart homes are the new smart phones, then will "child-proofing" the home include blocking "in-app" purchases on the refrigerator door?
you're following the wrong people :D
You're playing a game called hard to get by it's real name.
good job NYC... happy for the churches meeting in schools there...
no problem man, I really dig listening to pink noise. Ear training rocks!
Want to encourage everyone to attend a church of your choice this weekend :-)
Watch “The Game” Season 5 Episode 3: ‘No Money, Mo Problems’ -
Ack what's with all these open-ended questions. Putting me on the spot.
i just did
I need a couple more artifacts, and I haven't thought about the essay yet, but I've been getting it put together as I go.
Gonna be interesting to hear all about this Deloitte lawsuit in all my accounting classes this week
Get well soon Hossa
Miro Satan is still a winner. In case anyone forgot.
And I need to find out why my bad knee is perfect but my good knee not so much.
“: 37 more school days .THANK YOU LORD”
Increasing our bargaining strength is the key reason for #OneUnion because that is the foundation of ALL union protections.
Oh... come on! Let's go to medical.
Who else is watching the masters right now?
“: Browns doing the right thing not sexy but the right thing” Yep! Oline would b picked over by the time rnd3 comes.
idk bro ima try and make it out there for memorial but well see
I LOVE LA!!! CANT WAIT TO GO BACK!!!
Some old Guy tried hooking me up with his grandson.... No Thanks Mister! Aha. I always get the Weirdest Customers Ever.
Thanks for the recommendation! Looking at his beautiful photos now
"one person's support structure is another person's everyday work of design, maintenance and upgrade" - Ribes and Lee
Okay ME3, maybe a little too much running around in the Citadel. You're just bumping your own gameplay time now.
yeah, probably the right decision
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm part of my school's 50th anniversary, so proud to be a Falcon!
"library ecosystem management?" now he is just making up phrases instead of saying "um. you know"
Full Metal Jousting > Grammys
Wow. You must read Chris Anson's My Dinner w/ Calais in Pedagogy Fall 11.
I have tests almost everyday for the next two weeks. great.
has a case of the end of semester woes...meaning I procrastinated too much somewhere in the middle.
what happened to the phone?
yeah he's the one that did my background and everything ha he lives like a mile away
Your face!
#LiesIveToldMyParents I dont have a boyfriend
I love watching play on the ball defense. He gets after it & takes pride. Reminds me of with the D.
In the studio writing an article for our Hanson Music Studios newsletter. Go to www.hansonmusicstudios.com to sign up for the bi-monthly.
This! RT : Please take rickie weeks out of the 2 spot. PLEASE!!!
RT : Quick! RT this! The #12Days of #Holidays giveaway just made me #BeOnewithVin - for a chance to WIN:...
Exactly what I was hoping. I even told a friend tonight "I hate the pick unless we pick him"... I trust RAC....(cont)
#Black, Tithe; Valiant; Ironside. Three linked YA urban fantasies set in NY, NJ, Faerie. Excellent to see a gay love story in a YA SFF book
Tell me again how Jorts is in the NBA? He sucks
I appreciate the support ive been gettin. People wanna see me win and imma do just that
RT Hj o dia foi longo gravando as acapellas de Psycho killer do talking heads e Is it any wonder do Keane. Valeu... http:...
A drunk mind may have drunk actions.. But it speaks sober thaughts.
Geeked out to note there are some differences between the Omaha Platform and the TX Populist platform that corroborate my thesis. history!
Managers know what they want most: to be allowed to achieve success by leveraging who they are, not by compromising it.
you know you do it and you know it works
No matter how incompetent Tebow's arm is, he'd still fill Jax stadium, a short drive from U of F Gators territory.
Anyone thinking what I'm thinking?
OH. MY. GOD. This!!! is amazing!!
The Thief!
omg i didn't get it but my first thought was "beckett"?! Love the chest piece hahaha
unless that's his real mom. In which case he will probably be having lunch at his own table for awhile
i should survive urban is a hoe. lol
even the sun sets in paradise.
Favorite things to do in Memphis? Moving there this Summer and need some ideas for 34+ vids.
Haha, yeah. Me. What's up :p
love you too Penny. And congrats! :)
Nebraska vs Wisconsin sept 29 in prime time 7 pm kickoff at memorial stadium on abc or Espn
Finally hitting the sheets.ahh
TODAY IS MY BDAY AND #THEYJUSTDONTKNOW HOW WHITE.GIRL WASTED IM ABT TO B TONIGHT...CNT WAIT:-)
What a whirlpool of greatness: libraries, publishers and their audiences O by the way: boo to the big 6 Go Douglas County (CO)
Let yourself be open and life will be easier. A spoon of salt in a glass of water makes the water undrinkable. A spoon of salt i
I just spent $50 on all green foods for this wknd and in no way will I regret it.Saturday is a marathon,not a race but I will still win 🏆
Damn its hot!
The key takeaway for me was that the infection - he did confirm it was that - is not subtle. Sour. You will know if you have a bad bottle.
The Golden Hurricane vs Southern Miss Tonight at 5:30, Let's GO Hurricane!!!!
My last exam is my first 8am of the semester..... #luckyme 😒
has had a great year, but nights like this are different. 2008-esq
Found a spider in my underwear drawer and now he's my boyfriend.
I'm getting a $5 haircut as I type this and it's starting to go downhill. I feel like I'm watching a movie that I don't agree with.
Played and rocked the nick in alabama last night! Now on the way to lafayette in louisiana to rock the caffe cottage!
Stuck in traffic with on the way to the Hamptons
my lips are dripping honey; but they'll sting you like a bee. 🐝
Just saw the commercial where the girl in a tree that says 'watch out for my rots' and I couldn't help but think of
He's gonna Huck those berries. Don't mess w/ hick, Charlie Brown
Again thankful. My Mother is safe and friends are caring for her. I will get to Montana as quickly as possible. Prayers appreciated.
Well he did rap in a few songs :-) MT Dear Media, Bobby Brown isn't a "rap star." (A Black artist who's been 2 jail doesn't = rapper)
Sugar-free hazelnut Americano - grande + extra shot. Iced. And some cream. LOL
A black suit and a tan suit are two great additions to a man’s wardrobe, neither is interview-appropriate unless you’re seeking a job...
I smell an upset. We'll know if the song from Rio wins.
I need to drink until I can't ask for anymore, to forget.
That's the word back we're getting.
Suck it up ranger, every player loses a tooth. Call it a rite of passage.
she told me she never tried this before... well i love being a bad influence
“: Kudos to Elizabeth in Braxtyn Crossing Altamonte Springs. She did awesome on cutting my hair! #Orlando”
#occupywallstreet Make the politicians take notice! Change your voter registration to non-partisan, its easy, post offices have forms.
Thats the sweetest thing ive ever heard alex :)
Downer. OH at pool: agent showing townhouse. Nonchalant: "It says 'Real Estate Owned,' which means it's already been foreclosed on..."
Why am I not surprised?
Pioli relieved of duties
so early
EAT, DRINK & BE MERRY TONIGHT | 8PM - 10PM | Acoustic show |
what about selling season tickets? includes warm pizza LOL
that almost sounds like... change? progress? not sure how I feel about that....
Corey, you are amazing. I love you on Glee... It's my favorite show and Finn is my favorite character. I love you!!! <3
RT : RIP Andy Rooney
Good one Cheryl!
Good morning guise 👽
So how was Cotillion? Any cuties? ;)
Would love to see tons more green schools in 2010-2011 school year.
Oh! Aforementioned DHWI is I only wish they had a childcare option because I think would also be interested.
All New ROSEBAR at Current Deck Monday. Sept 26th Tables/Guestlist
Hey are you guys a fan of David Winters and his style of dance production? He has a new one planned, East Side Story
Just realized that #sharp11 is less than three weeks away! Who's coming to DC?
I believe you're right. Jesper
only if you're ADHD/bipolar
Listening to Asm. Fletcher and Asm. Atkins at CPCA conference.
OH: Are you going to go see Dolan this weekend at Holy Hill? No, I'm not a cardinals fan.
I used to also use Americana, but i'm not sure if they're still in business.
I think it's great that there's really only one song you can shoot t shirt cannons to
Congrats to !!!! FA Cup Champions!!!
Healthcare is the performing arts, medicine is a job.
There were multiple quality short animations programmed for #SXSW, but for story and style, CHOCOLATE MILK stands out on top of all others.
only time me and my nigga will be beefing is when the Lakers playing .
The controversy over the beating of a Norfolk couple by a group of teens on at 5 & 6 #HRVA MT
Its amazing what makeup can do in her pics. that doesn't look like Jessica Szohr at all , Wow !!
Damn, we went down in Game 3? Ghost of the ACL.
Small world. That's my Tucker! RT : I saw this puppy at Stauf's!
oh, i know. or if you strip your bed to change it and then want to have a lie down before remaking it.
also, i'm off on a romantic date with hunter college <3
being Houdini again?
you and everyone else! :( haha
Plug it in plug it in
Metabolism is a mean mistress...
Just picked Union Rags in the office #Derby pool. Now I just need a hat ...
Twitter hates me today.
hell yeah! I've been waiting for it for a long time now lol. I'm a huge Manson fan! :-) follow my personal page =>
Katie can buy then, right Katie :)
You walked!? Crazy man! Um, yeah, it's really exciting here. [it is not really exciting here.. yet...]
Worse than St. Anger? I have a hard time imagining. No. I don't want to imagine.
Rephrased as furloughed off. Ony metaaphorically laid off.
haha what do you mean form?(:
When I'm sad, depressed, or mad listening to music calms me. It makes me happy. Especially your music. Your song. I love you❤
“: that's funny right there” That's right. like I need help. Missed again. Swing lol
All of the scenes with Tommy Davidson is scary as hell.
Flag Day will be great! We'll have a fife & drum corps, tours, arts & crafts, & games on my lawn 10-4 Sat. Hope to see you there!
Jim Slater & Joey Crabb dressing for Team USA...... Yep, players care so much about the World's.
just got all my school supplies
Is everybody sleep?? Damn..
Excited to be using Crew by to organize our project in the months ahead!
Anyone wanna pracc on US while EU is down?
in our store talking with Mike Heller
Went straight from the gym to the bar with #ChefRodmanShields. Counter-productivity is sort of my thing.
Uh, duh! Issac's at my beck and call.
Everyone's so annoying. Except for like 3 people.
Awesome picture!
ADR for pilot episode today!!!
Oh my gosh I have no idea what you just said!
this cold got a nigga sleeping all day
FMB and love the video on youtube keep up good work
CPU has to work harder; fan speeds up to cool it
i love you, please follow me :3 <3
watching the Big Bang down at the Lakefront. Its going down
Sorry, no. I'd like to discuss the argument, but if all you're going to do is be angry there's little point.
You made your choice...
If you want girls to like you, you have to take charge. You can't be nice to them, and also they can't know you like them.
Plumlee straight shoved that guy down!
That was a giant waste of time.
is a vinyl record store that doesn't smell like cat urine too much to ask for in baltimore?
No Half & Half at the Circle K, but it is still gonna be a good day! Right?
Expect the unexpected with grace....Tye
People, it's ok to be straight too. Just cause one guy/girl broke your heart doesn't mean you lose hope on an entire gender!!
I have a feeling Manning's going to pick the Titans. Familiar division, big offensive weapons, and coaches that'll let him do what he wants.
First work-related business presentation. What. A. Rush.
#MattCavanuaghSays he invented the Internet
Thanks . Endless fun ,not too mention edu. Also, just got this wild idea for an animated twitter interface !
That was fabulous! I love it!
yes you probably can hear Joshua Ledet from other planets ya
The jury foreman in the Abdul-Jaleel trial informed the judge considerable time is still needed to deliberate
Seriously. Thank you. That means a lot.
Playing grocery store with Cianna lol
Cant wait for next weekend hope scores again
Seriously loving ! Best. Follow. Ever.
Excited to see you all tonight for #MamasDay2012! VIP Reception presented by starts at 5:30pm!
Thats not fucking alright, your gonna hear from me..
I'm reading all of the responses to her and I can't lie - it helps. :)
#AGREED! get on that BA! RT : And why is BA all over Rock to get on Twitter? BA himself is not on Twitter.
Hope #oomf quits texting me nonsense because I wont ever text back. UGH!
Guess what?! The Q Café is now open weekdays, starting at 7am!! Come in early and grab your coffee/tea/pastries before heading to work!!
Going to bed. I have to say w/ all the hype, there better be some white stuff falling from the sky & sticking on the ground when I wake up.
Finally- a Bon iver song I like
smh thats chump change to me
Hi ! Bye ! Good luck at !
what time is the big patch incoming on #xboxlive today in
That has to be the funniest picture ever all because it's so true!
Rumor going around that and Nintendo are teaming up for an ad campaign premiering at E3 this year
could you recommend a good caterer? I prefer one that not only cooks but has personality. Thoughts?
55% of females and 50% of males reported having responded erotically to being bitten (Kinsey, Martin, Gebhard, 1953).
Family first starting with our Father who art in Heaven. Have a great day with family. Friends are the chosen part of your family!
I want a Representative who will work to reify the beliefs of his constituency.
send a direct message why u should win a autograph. that easy
#lunchtime whose better at parkour??
I am at the Croc. Blow my mind!!!!
Eat plenty of foods that boost the immune system & metabolism to maintain your weight after Liposuction.
why does my back hurt
niall, come to germany! can't wait to see you guys performing x
ima make it one day WATCH ME BITCH!.
From : employees like more than going to the gym :)
Thank god I have you keeping me sane!
thank u :)
Hits close to home dont it RT : Love me some Troy !!
I Learn working with the Negatives can Make for Better Pictures ! -
Good morning cousins!! Ready to get this day over wit so I can't take my baby on a date and see avengers... Is it as awesome as it looks?
RT : Does a GREAT JOB training #SocialMedia Marketing. Sign up for her classes on today!
u dont need luck! your already awesome and going to be awesome!
It's been out for a year but I just downloaded the inaugural AWOL Nation album. It is great. Need tickets for Paradise show.
Watching "Footloose" and writing. It's a good night
“: Who's all goin to whim?” that's what I was askin
West Coast:Brace yourselves for the last 60 seconds of "Greys Anatomy"
I love you more :) xx RT : Love u all xx
Hello TikiDolls! Let's shake the day up! When you get home slip on your hottest heels, and DANCE! Its #justFAB friday! (:
oh dear- sorry to hear that, get some rest must stay strong
basketball, no question there ! my hyperfuse keep me going bt right now i have a messed up knee so i have to get a brace /:
Trying to find decent tickets to the games in Atlanta. Any #BBN got 2 extras for me and my wife? ;)
My cousin- "I like fishy sticks"
What a lovely day.
Recording and mixing is done for Josh and my Three Cheers for Five Years cover. Putting the video together now :)
I knew. I was familiar with that term when I ran cross country in high school.
I totally thought The Three Stooges was stupid. Then and now.
What I love the most about writing is that you don't have to be wealthy to do it and they can't take it away from you.
Yeahh I put girls to bed thru twitter .. I got it like that..!
Headed around #lansing and then finally the home stretch. Going on 10.5 hours
Gotta take my writing test for my L
Weight limit pl0x
i dont really give a fuck, and my excuse is that im young
anyone have hotel hookups in NYC/Jersey City?
RT this if u have an xbox 360
ATTENTION! New menu launches tmrow, August 24th! New Chef, New Menu, still an AMAZING time 2 B shared w/FAMILY & FRIENDS! C U @ D table!
O, another Twitter crusade Tweeps vs. Limbaugh advertisers...[RT to follow}
Just imagine if The Blazers would of drafted Durant and if Roy didn't retire and was healthy with Aldridge thay would be sick
wat bout u ? wat did ur enemy did to u ?
Haha! Toys strapped to the roof of the SUV too?
RT : This is a major reform. This is what change looks like.
Preciate it son RT : S/o to my niggas and for graduating today. Proud of Yall boys
I personally believe that your getting hate for showing your opinion...I could care less what ctu says. They blocked me. (c)
Tonight is the night for this series finale. Celtics triumph once again.
#FF More Superstars
you are too sweet Mr Keys. I'm lucky to be your other half : )
Juan Howard is the Larry King of professional basketball.
I know, I know.
Taking a walk listening to music.... I feel great :)
I know of. We caught it fairly early we think and started a drug therapy right away :-) how about you?
Congratulations to Seth Johnson of Davincian Technologies - winner of Customer Referral Drive Grand Prize! Enjoy your new TV!
Expert film analysis: "Hollywood has always found it difficult to mix Westerns with sci-fi as audiences do not readily buy into the result."
hey! I was gonna eat at that Italian restaurant we ate at and go see the Avengers movie. Wanna come?
Schnur is the son of the director at my son's Pre-school. Wild coincidence. Seems my boy kind find em like his dad.
today we survey a tract under a temporary restraining order (TRO), one of the less pleasant parts of the job
I started researching a new sound design today for director: I'm going to be listening to engines I believe....
Also, the demographic is totally wrong.
Washing my mirror today, I couldnt stop looking at my skin. Keeps getting better! I love
I missess you very much.
what are the chances I could order a band shirt from you? My friends was stolen during 80/35 festival in Des Moines this summer.
I like you.
I've never seen Glee.
Agreed on this all being entertaining. Whats your thought on trading Nash?
Listening to the Caps v. Rangers game on line. Lets Go Caps.
Are you ready for some new announcements from us....be watching as some new things about come soon!
has a very interesting pencil. I am actually amused now.
I LOVE YOU THANK YOU OMG
Wish I had your positive belief system. Cruise sounds neat. NOT a god guy. Too much non-confirming data and see too much harm.
when i shine ; you shine ; we shine together 
So, Oprah will never really end will it?
I utilize tweets 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
ctfu RT ": get off my dick"
I'm not sure. Was it in an issue of Marvel Presents?
Come check out great poker products @ www.eproducts4less.biz
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.”– Confucius
Hmm the Zimmerman protest comes to Central Texas.
Hell yeah hell yeah hell yeah fucking right damn right
Ice cream is second only to chocolate as the panacea. And I empathize w/printer probs. Have to move mine across room 4 access.
just came home from night swimming with family! =)
2nd Friday in 2.5 months in which I have NOT headed to the airport
LOL! I don't think it was a msg from the universe! :)
Hey Tampa Bay Times Newspaper in Education teachers - just a reminder - Friday is the last day for print deliveries to your school.
yeah just got on lol
A new way to treat sleep apnea? Check out tonight at 10:00 to see clinical trial offered at
#HBR webinar: cognitive processes involved in purchasing are largely contextual; dependent on the environment in which the it is presented
We've got Fresh Soft Shelled Crabs! On sale for $5.99/lb! Don't miss them!
MCNY will be closed for Columbus Day on Monday, October 10
Four.one.two
I am!
i feel soo relaxed
I wish Bill Cosby was my grandfather
SHUT UP YOU'RE THE SMALLEST LIVING HUMAN, and that's including all the babies that were born three seconds ago.
Twilight Zone
RT Twilight nightlife until 5AM could be an option in #Oakland to bring revenue. Who remembers SILKS? <raises hand>
If Becker and I can't beat and at darts I don't know what I'll do with myself
Thinking of doing a live Tweet review of wine dinner from for those who're interested. Would love to make that happen. Thoughts?
Some fireworks b/w and on #OPrint panel. Wonder what took so long to come out of his shell?
Reading old dms. That's depressing.
I think we may have started something....lol..
Nothing is more appreciated than a weekend like this in Portland, Oregon!!!
Be my Valentine? <3 :)
George Panos, 2014 OL from Heartland Arrowhead, receives scholarship offer from #Nebraska per Facebook. Son of Joe Panos.
who the hell googles people #creepers #nolife good luck!
Im not even tired...
Trumpless Junkie? Huckless Junkie? Kohless Junkie? So much news, so little time. Plus the end of the world.
hilarious! miss you! xo
One year a badge snafu caused the backs on my pins to come off, lost a bunch of my armadillos. Working to build the herd back up.
It's Adventure Time! 😁
I want to die. Feel like shit. I want a hug.
One year ago today we told our Moms they were going to be Grandmas in December. Now its my turn to celebrate Mothers Day!
works well until you find a life you want!
Hello Twitter World. Chirs Electric Company's First Tweet. TWEET!
Thanks Creak!
You will never have a day like today ever again... for 4 years
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
Welker signed for one more year with the Patriots, if that helps you feel any better
