#Loud N tha studio
Question from the Immigrant Archive Project: What was your first job in the United States?
Talked to Paul and he is just fine. Thank you for all of your messages. Hopefully beat the cubs again tomorrow.
Time Warner internet is so bad. Stupid rebuffering.
oh I know! With two teenagers there is rarely cold pizza for me the next day :( xoxo
Todays the last day for the Hotch-A-Do deal - don't miss it! www.crowdclick.com
RT change the way you look at things and the things you look at will change
the HarperLibrary Team is in LOVE with this book. The author , Wiley Cash, will be a speaker at PLA.
RT : Is there anyone on the Knicks not named Melo who DIDN'T like D'Antoni's system? Tyson Chandler that's it..
It's May 15th! Must download the new album.
: I am definitely less excited about tonight's Bulls game. Would be nice if they won. But this game doesn't settle anything.
my back itch so bad and I can't reach to pat or scratch it
Laugh now. Cry later.
RT 30 days to save the bridge. Commissioners , Crist asking to delay contract for demolishing Friendship Trail
So much reading so little time onto Digital Natives, Digital Immigrants then Social Learning Theory!
I'm gonna work on you, until you're feeling right.
What will you be thankful for this #thanksgiving?
Real estate sales are up nearly 40 percent since last year in Arlington VA! Now really is the time to buy!!
aww you guys were awesome!! The pleasure was mine!!
Tested out the CVT & drove my preggo self to Starbucks. I am sure baby enjoyed the passion tea lemonade. No wonder she is so comfortable!
Does your website still exist? I am a total listoholic.
I'm having breakfast with mom. Happy Mother's day again and again! -Childish
yes ma'am!
www.reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers Check us out!! Feedback is welcome!
Thanks for the RT. I enjoy following you!
What do angels and vc's really think about the new Crowdfunding bill?
How the hell did that happen? I've waxed in my profession & I've been waxed for YEARS! & its been fine.Pretty scary stuff
Dead Poets Society on
I'm at Port Authority in NY and if this crackhead ask me for 45 cents again I'm gonna punch him in the throat
no you don't. You have normal hands
Umm, Lord Snow, what are you doing? #AManWithoutHonor I thought that tag was about Theon.
lol Fuck the world its me n yu n a bad bitch I'd she dwn
Is there a #Blissdom meetup for those here in Nashville yet?
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
don't pout, show ur creative side. where there's a will, there's a way.
smh guess we feel the same shit.
@ Rough River KY State Park this weekend,Concert tonight @ Lodge- 8pm. Song and Stories I collected here 15 years ago Come if you can.
Lack of sleep disrupts your hormones/metabolism, memory, immunity and cardiovascular.
You guys ready to party?
"Use the money we're no longer spending on war, use half to pay down the debt, use the rest to nation build"
#adtechny registration page is down.
I am happy to follow you and thank you for the retweet! Hope things are going well for you
You know, if you guys are around!
My mum just made me dumb mad, gonna come in my room saying it's trifling and disrespectful when it's nowhere near it. Ill show her it though
“: RT if you saw the cops break up a party one song into 's set”
why do my neighbors find it necessary to light off fireworks every fucking night. like, the hell.
#YouHadMeAt "I have food."
definitely a yes. :)
you'll see, another crazy day
Hey, Craig! Where are you watching the #FrozenFour games tonight? RT : Good morning peeps.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. - Wayne Dyer
I hate when people whisper. It sicks me out.
that moment wen someone is talkin about how annoying someone else is and in ur head ur thinkin omg wat a hipocrit
"Nothing draws a crowd...like a crowd."
lmao well I'm home already studying but I can give her yours tomorrow :*
Hey bro, you heard 'bout rocketsnail's blog? I saw you commented on it. heh.
: I just did and she also put my eyedrops and allergy medicine in my bag too! BYE MOMMY
I watch king of queens everyday on tbs. Thank you for making such a funny show that makes me laugh over and over
ok really bad beer should be a sin
She needs her own, lol.
This commute home seems like it's taking forever!!!!
missed you by minutes!
wow it's 9:30am here :O (the 23rd)
bahaha! I like that analogy a lot...
lol my parents say that all the time!
Damn lefties
are these all the languages you speak?
“: I enjoy blowing up bathrooms that aren't my own.” same here brother
i know. I want to love him. Ahah
Now scotty is threatening to lay us off if we don't OBEY !
Remaining graceful while under fire.
ya i said they were sluts hebsaid no i said tumblr guys were hot he said no and so on
New feature on Austin Legal News Blog: We will be featuring a central texas attorney each Wednesday.
RT : There is a difference b/w an opportunist & one who makes the most of an opportunity. One is selfish & the other is wise.
Will keep parks closed as long as they need to repair them -- Mayor Adams.
They need to take a cue from the Chick-Fil-A food truck coming to DC....well minus the whole homophobia and intolerance thing
What are one or a couple candidate mistakes that drive you insane?
Hey did I wake up? Did I bring donuts?
That's a good question -- it'll get fixed, but may take a while.
#NathanSmartFact he has a cat named Barry and a dog named Molly
it feels weird not having track afterschool
hahahahaha. I love it
Not that I have anything against simpler refinancing. It just doesn't have the same zazz.
All my mediocre or average packages air on tv & then one I feel really good about happens and will never be seen by anybody but me.
yay ems! now we're also twitterererrd! how are you sweet?
Too bad my fiance is allergic to both chocolate and cockroaches...
the best show I have ever seen in Vegas
Who has studied in the business center? With the big table and great lighting, it's perfect for finals prep
testing yer dress! :)
thanks! Hah, well I'm excited for the day it is :).
Host a party in April and get entered to win a 4 night cruise for 2!!
I hate when my tweets won't post 😒
I find them pretty creepy no matter what they're playing. Also super creepy at nighttime
#NoManShouldEver hit a woman
Love u babe
I'm glad I wore jeans today...it's freezing!!!!!!!
NO not you.
You are very welcome. Thank you for the follow as well, looking forward to your tweets.
RT : O touring Midwest talking about jobs and economy. Finally. But rhetoric not enough. Needs bold jobs plan, and must commit to...
If you are posting #NoPantsAZ images to Flickr, add to the ImprovAZ group and use tags #nopantsaz and #npsr ()
Vikings finally do the smart thing in the draft. Kalil will be their left tackle for 10 years. They can address CB and WR later
Leaving right now for my hair cut. So excited!!
will be posting about our film Types in Stereo next week! Stayed tuned for updates
“: trying :)”no other place on earth :)
when you come home?
Most successful year of my biz in terms of $ to me in 27 years. Am pleased, proud & happy! Started new creative biz as well! Thanks 2011!
Going up to LA to drop off a friends car for #HIN tomorrow. Gonna be a fucking fun weekend!!
Worth remembering tho, libertarian tire > rail isn't based on any principle or interest. Meaningless.
Procrastinating schoolwork...I know I'll regret it tomorrow if I put it off any longer :(
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too. ~ Voltaire
OH: We've never spent so much time in Vegas and done so little of it.
i mean, i guess its mostly targeted at Pitt students, but why not just send it straight to them (still bad)
you've got a most entertaining twit feed Dana. Hilarious! Love what you've done with the UFC. Fuck the lazy naysayers.
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore is because you choose D*CK over our long friendship ...!! So, why f*ck with you AGAIN..??!! #NotThisTime HOMIE
YAAAAY! I finished up on Monday. Holy sleep batman.
Thank you Rob! All credit to you and your crew at Van Nuys Homicide for solving the case - I'm just the scrivener!
Your so sweet!
Tonight we suggest you get your butts over to for FRESH ESPRESSO, Cops, White China Gold and our guy
NOTHING TO DO
There seems to be a connection between descriptions of #Capricorn and the #INTP personality type
I love watching those shows/movies that can make you cry. =')
I heard why Randy Orton was dropped out of the Marine 3. If you wanna know I will tell you
yessir, the white boy spazzed on that one
Geez , the email content undo implementation is terribly broken.
Happy Mother's Day! Embrace your babies no matter what. Yea that's for you!
However lots of ways there may be of being alive, it's particular that there are vastly more techniques of being dead, or rather not alive.
GOOOAAAALLLL NEW JERSEY
No plans as yet to explore this universe further. But who knows what my subconscious'll do with it?
Watching grind his hips all by himself is just too much for me
for the same reason i have a red velvet cupcake.
Well.... I'm going to bed. Alone, again.
Survived 6 hours outdoors! Now time to curl up on the couch with the cat and snuggie.
"Shifting contexts to create new meanings," this is what DHS did. It's Oregon.
yes, I would like to see it
Don't know who you are but you look like a star and everybody here be thinking who's that boy?
Sometimes, when I've charged my iPhone- I feel like I've accomplished something.
I know. If it wasn't almost bedtime prep time, I'd say you should just stop over here for a couple.
You mean maraschino cherries-- yeah that's what I said Mara-CHINO
I forgot you were right in the path. Glad to hear you're doing ok.
I'm actually upset that it's gone. One of my favorites.
6th #SDCChiHack is Tweap, a search and ranking engine for finding deals on Twitter.
Wow thanks for wasting my time
When you left I lost a part of me, is that so hard to believe come back baby please cause we belong together<3
well I'm hoping it's just because I've been sitting beside Frankie for a while...him and his 3 legs...
I see another #30daychallenge for you :) Who is your favorite instructor?
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 510 1932 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW
Disturbing statistic: The number one cause of death is in America is heart disease & we have the highest rate of any nation.
omg! are you actually tweeting!! Be Still My Beating Heart
I feel like I'm in a snow parade. Left home 2.5 hrs ago. Almost to
RT : I don't even mind going to school anymore..it's a daycare lol.
- Louis thanks for the retweet!
Boise State's loss (I know always a Bronco) is Chicago Bear's gain!!
- LOL! Sorry, I'm a bad influence. :)
haha I have push notifications & it's my day off!! I know some but more as acquaintances
Sweet pic! I bet the kids loved reading to your baby.
Sucks for the fishies taking staar
Feel free to send me a FB email if you have any questions. :-)
Don't ever try to destroy others. You may end up destroying yourself.
Saturday work days are never dull! Cc:
Been waiting here at eye clinic for over 3 hours! If we were at the hospital waiting for an emergency room, we'd already be dead!
$ave some money on your group trip, book with us in April!
I've never been there and I'm tempted to walk over!
Indeed it was so great to hav Anderson, recipient of Young Researcher award, at - tnx to ALL who attended!
good ^-^ how ya feelin? o.o
How long have you been there?!
Im reportin his ass...He did dis in front of every1 like its no consequences for his actions. Im goin to da Board asap Mon.
just joined
Did Jason or Grant hear a womans voice where they are now? I could have sworn I heard a womans moan.
Tonight we are young
Yea these two years went quick
oh yes! Watch us be the only girls on Kingda Ka & shit 😏
your sales people are doing your brand a disservice... No follow through.. Titanium gray elantra with blue tooth that difficult?
RT Being happy doesnt mean everything is perfect. It means u have decided to look past all lifes imperfections.
if you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball.
Saw a man holding a sign "We Buy Gold Barber Shop"
I wish I still lived with my parents :( they at least fed me! - Alex G.
I wish I was home cuddled up with 10 blankets and pillows and watching a Disney movie
Happy Friday!
It's 2:56 in the morning, and I just wrote a song for you.
he's a project manager at an interactive agency :)
Got big plans for my mom tomorrow on Mothers Day.
RT : A profound statement from one of my mentors: "Wherever you are...Be there!" Mita Del Fierro ^jl
daum. you know what teacher?
Plus, even digitized material has to be reconverted every 5 years on avg! It's much more expensive than paper storage.
congrats on breaking 1500. Thanks also for the #FF. You rock!
Sneak Peeking Through the Bloodbath: "Tweet from your seat" moves the mark for Super 8 dach.is/qB75KQ ( )
We all need S P A C E sometimes. Even from those we love the most
time for lasik boo
m procrastination and packing..how i hate you so
#sacscoc If we change students attitudes about learning they can go into any class and learn.
Happy birthday, Henry James.
I really shouldn't lay in bed all day but I think I will.
you must not know my dad, his name is John WallStreetAugustaYachtClubAmerica.
Me and my best friend AKA Alberto are done with Ferris and Lilly! For good.
I'm freezing :o
Hahaha. No way. Game 7 will always take precedence ;) Skins still with major issues.
At my favorite Italian restaurant with my sexy mogul and Antonia from Top Chef just walked in!
he know that i do Zack said that he knew when i tried asking him out that's why he was looking at me funny at school remember??
Apparently, the "best" talk show hosts (host) have already discovered this. Sticking to the old OS.
The Truth is: we are worthy of great #love and #success no matter how we #feel or what we
RT : Sources say Michelle Obama doesn't want Kim Kardashian anywhere near Barack at tonight's correspondents dinner for...
Have fun with it.
I am writin a song for He is an inspiration. I admire his strength to stand up against self-harm & bullying Song comin soon!
LOVE my new pants & ThX 2 those in the SouthBay 4 all your help in finding what I needed!
you asked ha so I responded
ha....do you want sofi to loose her job @ antro!!...i didn't think so!!.gotta promote promote promote!!..my family depends on antro
Lol we talkin bout how tech is a thug ass school.
Go to our fb page and tell us what YOU are choosey about..Remember, choice defines who you are. BE CHOOSEY!
RT : RT : Whole Foods CEO John Mackey says, 4 leadership positions, emotional intelligence is >imp than "book...
So if you're lonely you know I'm here waiting for you
You and your girl coming here in Dec, Right?
Im so proud of you #-Drake;
hey Kevin. He actually spoke at the Wake County precinct meetings last month.
I feel like this picture is missing something.... Oh, that's right
I know what cracker means, but I guarantee you hardly any voters do!
...but if we can get more storage, it will prob look like a directory full of accession-numbered folders.
Thanks for the follow! !
the only source for that "news" is one guy with a random fake news blog
: thx lee! honored to make your list. :)” [ well deserved]
Mia get it done. I love NYC but I have to go for James and the Mia for this one.
I love it.
Thanks for the
Spoiled by our normal network. The 45Mbps backup feels slow. All for fiber damage 80 miles away.
Be wiser than other people if you can, but do not tell them so!
... I would rather be with you Somewhere in San Francisco On a back porch in July Just looking up to heaven At this crescent in the sky
I've never tried champagne mangoes before but will have to give them a go! Thanks for the tip. See you tonight?
who do you think you are ? who do you think i am ?
LLN it's like 75 degrees F, sorry you have to wear a sports uniform in the cold =(
come on down!
You forgot bout me. Yesterday is a perfect example
OK catch up with you L8R
is perry competeing for the outside LB job or are they trying to stick him in the middle?
I have the anatomy version of that series :)
cover of Vanity Fair! Freakin fly man!!
The Pitch is like Pete Campbell, they both try so hard that it's fake
love, and in turn, you will be loved
It's cold outside. I am working from home today. Too many things going on in my professional and personal life. Whew! I need a break!
appreciate that fam!
jones is the first DE the pats have taken in the first round since wilfork. and we see how that worked out for us.
the daily buckets of green goop poured on your head would only be amusing for like, one day
Goodnight twitter!! Goin to bed...see yall in the morn!! :-)
Bonkers! But in a GOOD way! A REaLLY GOOD WAY!!!! (: ah
what up homie!
fix f = f (fix f) recursion can save the world
For women,height standards in modeling are enforced but I look taller in pictures so nobody ever really points height out.
There are two things to aim at in life; get what you want, and after that to enjoy it. Only the wisest of mankind has achieved the second.
ATTENTION MASHUP FANS: Today is Follow Friday, so please retweet/favorite this tweet so all of your friends can follow us!
No doubt... also check my music @ www.reverbnation.com/bezzy2012 and give me some honest feedback *** Peace God***
Glad to hear it!! I love anyone who is a fan of
church mouth playing in full at the bluebird during set up, Good pre-show vibes
#Blackparentsquotes " You Got Some "McDonalds" Money ? "
Spotify still hasn't tempted me with Iyaz's "pretty girls playlist." I already know what it is, indeed.
ahh.. Had one yesterday.. Had to sleep it off! Hope you feel better & figure out what the trigger is..
still love you though! I'm Just Saying. I Just Saying Guy.......
ha, well I live about 100 yards away. Probably less. I'm bad at judging distances.
I aint got no hair lbvs
I'll be surprised if you remember.
Rich so glad that you've been able to extend your coverage of the Mets to blogging. Learned a ton about baseball from you! KP
Probably should take it easy tonight
love you more than words can express!! <3
im not, just ate that pie :P
Working on ideas for next photo shoot. Have a lot of models who want to shoot next week.
I always think of me, why wouldn't you ;-) Lunch soon??
Pumped up kicks!!(:
Ugh y does everyone look at me weird when I wear my pink hat w/ the little NYish swastika looking design thing on it when I shop on Newbs?
About 7 naked old ladies in the swimming locker room is not what i planned on walking into today.
Wasn't this the same Van Gundy who said on Fri night's SC that Memphis would blowout LAC? Pull the tape!
Unfortunately, we have little hope she is alive, but we want justice for our friend! We'll never stopped until someone pays!
Let's keep up this momentum! Next zoom is so close we can almost taste it! Get all of your friends to help #RepeatReceipt!
you can do my laundry anytime! ;-)
Spoken like a true tech, who doesn't get it.
Just 2 years away from being able to rent a car! Just turned 29 myself, so you know, feeling old. I still don't get pivot tables
You are creepy and I'm hanging up on you.
I'm thinking it's about time for an Electric Company re-boot.
B Scott's rotation this game leaves a lot to be desired...
Could have snagged the print today, but it's Dark Shadows :\
anyone have pics of the fire at woodburn high right now? please send! crew on the way
Poor acting skills RT : umm did you see how dazed he looked? He looked like he didn't know where he was lol.
hahaha miss you all so much !!
lol I won't and I asked him at school today and he said twitter kept messing up and all that crap and it was getting annoying
finally watching The Rum Diaries. Nice work!
“: HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE PERSON EVER ” aw bobjak 😘
In the park @ Laguna main beach..... Perfect weather...... This ain't Phoenix 30+ degree diff on the high
new favorite name! “: Just saw the van. Great team name! #RagnarFLK”
Finished helping my friend pack her things and getting ready for her big move tomorrow. Months on the beach are therapeutic.
wow! I'm going to have to look into that! Ours was $400!
Your only as good as your last.
Just bought a ticket for the Thunder bandwagon
You're a lightweight!!
lol u mad bro? I guess I'd be mad too if I had to watch ANOTHER year with Alex Smith- better luck next season
Then the #SFGiants should be reliant on you do pick the best player on every team they see this season
I'm going to join a #FantasyFootball league with defensive players and draft No joke, I'm doing it.
Its hot af' outside.
Had a great first day at Very excited to be working with you ladies this summer!
St. Elmo's Fire night over here, lady.
S/O to Calvin Johnson. He seems like a good guy, I hope the Madden Curse doesn't bite him too hard.
I'm so excited!
How many are tired of the racists disrespecting Pres. Obama, then saying "sorry?" Big enough to say it?, be big enough to stand behind it!
I think i wanna eat some pizza! I need to stop being to lazy to cook. lol
Compiling screenshots for a presentation next week.
Thanks for following us! Where can we find your blog? We <3 food blogs!
homework time!
aww well i'm glad we can share our complete failures together!!! haha
That awkward moment when you accidentally type your password into your user name box when someone's watching.
what WR fits best with what the Bears have?
that's one hell of a Twitter pitcha u have there
Archivists are about preservation AND access- Lee Shepard of Va. Historical Society.
Yum jealous!
It's Monday. I had Port Brewing's Ad Lib this weekend at - It is phenomenal. A beer blend. Who knew?
I'm back on #SuperD 1.11 because 1) I can't keep up w/ #SuperBad release schedule :-) 2) maybe Donut is as far as the G1 can go.
Just realized I was telling people I was 27 when I am actually 26...whoops
Everyone is beautiful in their own way. So never tell someone they're ugly.
so how you still in school ...
Back to school time... here's a foster care fact: 1% of U.S. child population is in foster care during any one year. -TreehouseForKids.org
Nm at work trying to avoid doing work lol...wassup with u?
What can I say? Justin Bieber is always showing his love for us, I'm so proud of him. I'm a true belieber
O's r hugs~ lmfao!!! I made the first move so, BAM!!! The first move ALWAYS wins!!! Hehehehe!!!!
RT : Nice call on the Herve Villechaize reference. Not sure how I feel about his new look either.
#Imagine that you can meet with all everyday ! Woww ! I want !
Every now n then RT : Do you think about me still, do ya do ya
I know. I ride the bus with her so yanno...
WOW! We are 7 likes away from 900! Thanks to everyone for liking us....we appreciate your support.
in Falls, I see blue sky ?!?
Just finished submitting three grant proposals to the Claims Conference for our education program.
the CRASH HAPPENS TONIGHT at TIPSY CROW - come check out THE NEST!!!
I will love you until the end of time
You know your Christmas shopping in a Texas mall when all the Christmas Carols are in Spanish...
good morning beautiful
I ain't no sucka , I got niggas that'll cut ya. I be yelling out fuck ya click clack bucka bucka
If you enjoy 'Briefcase,' follow some of the cast: cslaughter_RCP
Psalm 10:14 "But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; ... The victim commits himself to you; you are the hleper of the fatherless."
lol I'm going crazy. this shit is so cool to me
I wish I Had People That Hated Me, Atleast I'll Know People actually Care About What I Do...
Even more followers! Actor/Producer Actor/Photog Manager & Actor/Writer Welcome guys!
Smoke weed , get high , get high scores ... Ha
#whenitwascool to have MySpace....I never did. Lol
Diamonds are a girl's best-friend💎
Why are we the 99%,the many letting the 1% dictate anything to us,it is our war to win or give away,it's your choice depends on you and me.
Needs Followers! Gett at me ! Leeggooo!
yes I am taking a bit of a break to sit in the sun! I figure that's what fridays are for.
who needs #restaurantweek when you can enjoy our 4-course Cucina Preferiti any night for just $30.
"cindy is a milf today" thanks
Ur not gnna suffer w out a new cell phone all the time..Unotstarving when wantin mcdonalds.. Some kids dnt have it like tht b greatful ..
#supportlocalmusic Live now on with Gashouse Live. News, Music, Suicide. Stop by the chat room.
got the modem router combo hooked up on the main floor and I'm trying to figure out on my computer how to link wireless
happy late birthday! :)
Edith Piaf or Inception?! I didn't like Inception.
for sure!! Modern, sophisticated, and inviting all at the same time! Plus..beautiful views!
texted u.
What happened??
I miss the convos me and oomf use to have on the phone.
South Florida Trivia Question: What fast food chain’s international headquarters is located in Miami-Dade County?
Come down to AZ please... Bring your teamate K. Frazier too.. Championships...
Put Sarah Jessica Parker's Valentino pattern on Gwyneth Paltrow's prada and you have the dress of my dreams!
Listening to Rev RC Crenshaw singing "I Love the Lord" on Alan Lomax recording. This is real. Trying to get to this sound occupies my time.
: *twiving*! good one. filed.
So I type a text to this girl I used to see saying that I chose this cutie pie with whom I want to be #Wifey You know
thanks. curious why u talk so little about indycar on your show, when that is your bread and butter? not into it?
I'll study later :) or before the exam :P
lol y'all both right but I be ditching
...Yes! works with every club in your bag, driver through putter.
#FF I watch them like I know them lol they are going to be great parents and that baby is gonna be gorgeous!
I guess it feels like Capitalism is slowly sucking democracy dry; and it may actually die.
One's eating & one acts like he's never had Stella & Chewy's before!
We have some pics is about to post!
Thx for coming! Hope your train went *forward* the whole way back! Did you have a favorite book(s) from today?
If you have in-ground irrigation, let it run an extra hour in the zones. This will allow the water to penetrate through the turf roots
Never Let Them Think You Care At Al. . .
Yea, I be watching the laker game.
Happy halloween! We will be in costume tomorrow and encourage you all to do the same! Special prize for best costume.
Can't stand still. Gotta pee so bad. Can't move.
Aw thanks! Let me know if you need anything (now or ever)!
I am usually pretty good on applying sunscreen but there is always a small spot I miss. It always looks funny
the clerk at the checkout counter at king suppers was checking me out it was awkward
"On my way back home - a chance - I thought of all my favorite songs." ::band of horses::on my way back home::
Chicago its going to be a long day! Listen to some new music!
Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything.
She claim she bad ;) but all she doin is lookin bad with all then niggas homie hopin.
Lend your friend $20, if he doesn’t pay you back then he’s not your friend. Money well spent – Ted Nicolas
This Xavier Avery is a completely different hitter than I saw for a year & a month at AA. Much MUCH more selective.
Baltimore police arrest man in death of teen found in river - Local 10
Pay them haters no attention cause eventually they go away....
This speech sucks!
Dinner Ians Cinnamon & Honey French Toast Sticks, Starbucks Doubleshot Cinnamon Dulce Coffee + Energy
Long crazy week of Summer Day Camp registration, Cooper (family dog passing) and meetings.. at the Market now. Whee.
I remember being in FL on the beach at night and june bugs falling on my chest, lol
INDEED. I'm sure this isn't the end of the story; there should def be a 21st century judicial challenge. Law usually trails tech
Just watching Greeley Stampede coverage on #9News reminded me of one of my favorite #Colorado terms: Buckle Bunnies! Not PC, but fun.
I will be using my Fender Deluxe /5 tonight de-tuned 1 whole step,Carvin BX250 micro head,Sonic 115T cab modified with Eminence neo speaker.
hahaha I didn't even notice. Nah, I am gonna go tomorrow I think
thanks to everyone who came out to be an extra today! let's do it again tomorrow!
I am gonna be sore tomorrow, just FYI! But I had fun.
Hey ! I LOVE the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in Stratford, Ontario!
im workin my lane
Killer show last night! “: Shows like that are what DJing is all about. Cph out of nowhere, it's turned into messiness”
You wanna hate? Whatever, BUT, as a mahomie I feel as if ACM has changed a lot lately due to the "fame"... That's just how I feel.
Strawberry Greek yogurt is the shiiiiit 😍❤
Thinking tacos for dinner 😁 and subway for lunch
oh yeah? was probably after a visit. Why was you in quotes, ha?
The Pens have one period left to turn this game around! we can do this!
Hey Y'all! Gettin' Ma Southern Accent On!
Slumlord Studios Hoping to get a review & radio airplay on The Ripple Effect! Post on their wall to request Big Moose Da Pro.
It like I'm walking on broken glass, better believe I bled. It's the call I'll never get...-
Yeah he cool and all that but he's just a fake nigga that BLOG IN ALL CAPS!!!!
Just make a vow never to use another Apple mouse. It's worked for me for well over a decade.
It's an update to the new WNC on Mac - still v. 4 but fixes some bugs.
. No I didn't hear. What happened. I'd like to hear about something other than
why are u? never told u to leave my dear.
Honestly I would rather see her with a man. She's just to pretty. Oh well I guess to each their own!
Some of yall Females ain't bout SH*T
"Enter his gates w/ thanksgiving & his courts w/ praise; give thanks 2 him & praise his name. 4 the LORD is good & his love endures forever"
Well done , we are proud to be your fans! I met u at fan fest, you are the best!
With a new idea... let's see what you think about it! ;)
But Romney apparently doesn't understand some of us would like to have the chance to try to make a single business succeed.
#leanonme feeling a change in the weather, a change on the horizon.
Your not living in the future and your not living in the past so stop worrying about it. Take life as it comes, live for the moment.
oh bob your a cutup
I'm addicted to pink sugra! It smells so good :)
r u sure
TKS. Hope you have a great night, too. Here's to tomorrow's flowers! :)
i got this i got this im clean & cool & spotless money falling out the top of my pocket
enjoyed this tweet; would read again.
is beside himself...he's slowly coming apart!
°o° I'm consistently put at a loss for words every time I see Captain EO.
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE......have a great New Years Eve tonight with your family and friends.....be safe and we will see you in 2012
Since roasted chicken has been tweeted about so much lately, Matt and I are probs going to do that for the next video. So easy and SO good!
Study, study, study....
yeah you missed me bang it off 's oop lol
Been like that my whole life (when I go out). If you're talking about what I wore to work at Pelago, that doesn't count.
Hey Ya'll! I'll be in LA next week for the !!! Let me know what else is going on in LA! -BA
I can specify a font in my HTML but if its not on the client it wont render right?
Stoked about church tomorrow! Hope to see you there! 9:40am at the Warren Theatre! Epic Church - 4 people who don't like church!
Step out of your 'comfort zone' and put yourself out there!! Make your dreams happen!!
Monday is here ugg even my 8 year old wasn;t happy about this but we both wished each other a GR8T day anyways. I am off 2 the shower.
The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life. - Muhammad Ali
#fairtrade is best strategy to STOP #humantrafficking. Make informed buying decisions, stay blessed.
I just want to kiss you. Why don't you want to kiss me back? Why?
happy birthday to #Solon Patch Editor Chris Mazzolini! HT :)
Great meeting today. Fascinating and uber-talented guy.
Discussing lunch options with Texans. Consensus is In-N-Out burgers are in fact, NOT hamburgers. They dem foofy cali Sammiches
missing my favorite person right now </3 :(
Haha so proud of her
Oh ok
Come by Shorty's tomorrow for a rack of ribs or BBQ chicken! #greatbbqforagreatprice yum!
lol, sheesh. Banks isn't that damn bad, though.
Nothing like a dip in the lake on a hot day in the desert!
Remenyi: "in...thanatology there is no neutral, detached observation standpoint. A context-free, abstract death analysis is impossible"
Woah. Saw and heard an electric spark outside my window, then heard some very loud thunder. Be careful out there.
Good hosting, a must": Content marketing is key this year but if your website doesn't load the content, you lose. #getgoodhosting"
there's blood in mine.
I teach my children to appreciate everything and count their blessings.
Only a few more weeks of this year's "show specials" so call us at 888-BRAUSSE to save some money on your equipment purchases this year!
Why is cable not working #timewarner sucks right now
Braun with the web gem. Full extension for the diving grab.
The conference is getting ready to start. is saying Hi to everyone and introducing the first speakers.
thanks so much, it means a lot to me.
Never knew talking behind someone's back can be done on a computer. Gloves should be off soon
It's almost show time for new show!
of course I am. I'm over 30. Would you like to come for high tea and sonnets this Saturday?
Andrew & Val are looking at May next year, at FBCF, but with a very rustic theme & warm colors.
This substitute seemed angry all period long!!
with that said, my favorite beat maker/music maker lately is Christoph El Truento from New Zealand. Dude is on another level
All these years, I thought it was St Pancreas... in fact, that's why I remembered it!
thanks Jason! Hope all is well.
Anyone attending #CPAC this year? I think I'll be there...still working out the details
Not that anyone was asking, but our favorite Christmas movie? "It's a Wonderful Slice." Take THAT, Mr. Potter!
Beat them now, so they like the Pens later. “: I wonder how many children in Philly will be beaten for no reason tonight ....”
I didn't know you found a new job! How's it going? What are you doing for them?
Thanks for watching ! Tune-in online or on-air tonight at 9:30p for more ! We can't get enough.
Good morning world... Wake up to get yo cake up..
What are you doing tonight? Hope it involves laughing with me! 10pm!
We have this antiquated printer in our office to do spine labels and if you hit print instead of using the tools menu it spews ASCII crap.
My momma just said I should wear a camflouge with my blouse lol she totally meant camisole. Lol lmbo
I wanted to go to the Auto Show. Instead I'm getting my automobile fixed. Ugh! SMH!
Tell 5 friends to join you in Dropping the I-Word. Nobody is “illegal.”
Thanks to all of our recent #FF followers!
If by now you haven't noticed that I'm falling for you that just show's the type of girl that you are,and your not the one for me
{Rt} If you know you got that comeback
Law and order: svu❤
hope you had fun. We're weird.
someone talk?
Now that's really something special! You should totally put a little white around your actual eyes for the future.
I think I saw these pups in Chonas pics as well. Popular pooches.
My Wife Bruhda Got Sum Cute Eyes !
Wrong "there..." that's embarrassing, haha.
quit #fb for lent and never looked back! Don't miss it! Well a little, sometimes. :) but don't think I'm going back.
Screw THEM! I'm still here. :O)
i luv yhu 2 i guess......she took my school sweater home, yhu rocked it anyway lolz
Thanks for your support,
This weather calls for a margarita.
Let's be honest. The only thing better than snow in NYC is Snooki. Fixin to have fun tonight!
Special thanks to Will Watson and the team at you all have helped tremendously and always do a FABULOUS job!
can you bring me the ticker tapes tmr cause I can't do my part w/o them
Love me some Karen Handel!!!
Will it be a San Fran blowout today? They are looking dominant!
we should work on a collab you heard!
Thank goodness for wide, paved road shoulders that important people like me are entitled to use during traffic jams
Mi BiG CUZZO TOO SUPREME W/ THiS AVi!...👍
they are starting to know what scrapple is over on the west coast! We make it in Portland, OR
Yo, playing with Synfig for the first time. This thing looks solid!
last time I checked Heejun is a guy!
So much to do! RT : You won't want to miss next week's #BeerGeekTuesday - ! Big Lebowski themed!...
To put it all in perspective: Biochem major, great essayist, tells me he switched majors to Lit bcs of my class! HE tells ME: do what u luv!
In a couple hours people I've never met and don't know will be sleeping in my house for 3 days. Ahh, domestic bliss!
It's so confusing--and I get email spam @ this offer vs. that offer, but none seem to have what I need
Id honestly just rather see them kill a shit load of zombies
Good to have back in the newsroom.
One good thing about not being able to sleep... I've finally figured out what I'm gonna wear to the TFW prom.
"You and me together, can do anything"
yeah :\ RT sad that it has to be this way :l
Shutterfly: we're focusing on expanding utility of and access to customized greeting cards (thru Tiny Prints platform)
FollowUnfollow? Was it that offensive or boring, or is one of those liberal leaning twitter trolls controlling your account?
Wow, back in #abq and ready to get to work. No internet is NO fun!
3 RBIs on Monday. Hitting just below .300 Check out my minor league blog. RT : what's the latest on arenado?
How are things looking for flight 2045 tonight?
- That is a great idea! Let the kids be the creators!
haha this is more about a character called Brigham Young based on the historical figure
Since I have amazing followers, I want you guys to go follow my little sister She's a chilled person and gives awesome advice.
Rt if ur not going to school
that about sums it up, yeah!
that is why Ed is my favorite. Oh and also because he makes music that makes ears have eargasms and is absolutely beautiful.
#LAAudition - Bruce Newberg is casting the TV show "Closer" for details on roles download Actsophia on your iPhone. New castings every day!
it brings up a lot of good points that actors and actor supporters need to know.
The day is looking like a nice one people.
Hotter to tweet while in the shower.
on Ellen♥ #HappyBirthdayKidraul ♥
I be so tired when I get off work
I'm watching basketball tonight :)
As a follow up to my last post remember God is LOVE and Love conquers all
you're actually gonna go lol
hit 225lbs tonight on my Deadlift Jim... :)
dear god.. I can't believe it's April!!!!
My relationship right now >>>
Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Yevtushenko~ In Russia all tyrants believe poets to be their worst enemies.
studying for my Archaeology midterm. I know nothing about archaeology.
#tired -___- KILL ME NOW
yes! That's what we all wait for
time to get serious! Let me know if I can help you.
Myron Ebell represents intellectual fringe, a man with a political agenda, learned to manipulate the system for his private beef.
wish i went to stagecoach this year =( but its def on my to do list for next year!! looks like such a fun time
": If a white pot calls the kettle black, is that racist?" Things that make you say, "Hm".
“: here's to the kids who have lost so many friends that they got used to it.”
Thanks for the MT and #Klout!
Jamaican blood RT : he always smiling
I haven't had a hangover this bad in forever... 😭😣😰
Clifford,rugrats,proud family, that's so raven,hey arnold,sister sister,lizzie mcguir,teletubies,comfy couch,arthur,
Great suggestion. We're following you now.
Is it a requirement to actually follow Hacker in order to in follow him? Haha
Check us out opening for the openers at Jones Beach tonight with Parachute, Michelle Branch, and The Goo Goo Dolls from 6-7PM!!!!!!!
buying you a shammy shake
running, then another night at ADCB!
Thos last 2 tweets were drafts ok gosh
can kill two birds with onr beard.
I love that you are tweeting :))! Have fun in Ireland. We miss you guys and want to see you soon!
ok, back to the swingers vs polyamory thingy. We seem to have more poly folks here. Pls recommend swinger sites for me to visit? Thanks!
#PembrokePines we offer embroidery, screen printing, uniforms, scrubs, safety gear, logo design and more!
hahaha the miz got no reaction
If Fanny Pak leaves imma start crying.
If you don't feel like going out, don't!
haha, nice to meet you..
i know the feeling. sucks :(
i'm getting used to using a fork with my right hand, but I had to sign some papers at the ER & surgeons office, it looked like >
So the allergist says The Son is allergic to everything except dogs and cockroaches.
toe Orlov Academy is located a block from Green lake
On my way to the airport! Hawaii here we come! I may have packed too much....better safe then sorry.
is wearing plaid under his beard.
Soul music. I love you.. You make me believe in love.
Don't have any dates for Columbus yet, but I'll post it as soon as I get some!
Yo was at the show in NYC n PHILLY! Now a new fan
Near the Flatiron Building? Shopping at ABC? Check out brio's new outpost on broadway. Southeast Corner of 21st street...
Fuck.me. So sick right now.
RT congrats grads
Happy 60th birthday
trying to get this license in order for the summer :-)
People who listen to comedians on their phones shouldn't LOL hysterically #onthebus just sayin'
#FollowFriday New Orleans Fashion Week - and stop by their Wrap Party tonight!
I try plenty of new things! But rule #8219 of life is NEVER mess with cereal & milk you see...
Working on new promotions strategies as well as the first contest of 2011! Excited about it? Let us know by tweeting to us!
I don't have that great of a personality either. my personality is OK
lol not "bragging." They just said Broncos brass were celebrating last night at Shanahans steak house
Oh, I remember being 22! I love this.
A guy named 川村 晃太 is following me and I like it.
Very impressed with how gracious was with all of the fans at the airports today. A real class act!
yeh, we are streaming it from my laptop onto the flat screen tv in our lounge
Now have a cup of cheer!
#CNBCdebate "If you are too big to fail, you are too big..." - Perry. So what does that make the US?
Great talking to you, too! See you at the next one. :)
haha, I'm telling you. Kim Jong Ill
Oh gosh. I'm having so many Loki feelings. My baby
That awkward moment when someone asks you a question you can't answer.
Passive job seekers are a whole different animal!
so cold i can't feel anything
Love it when the girls who know the least about me have the most to say, and better yet, they are girls who are ugly inside and out! lol
K. Fuck off.
x's to the club wit momz here 0 while gone 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Girardi sending in proctor. He must be rooting for the rays just like I am
Baby you should know I lead, not follow 🎧
'OL Buddy from SC is probably rolling over in his grave.
Stop being the dumbest person alive
Thanks for the DM in reply. I'm working to clean things up! What a great Monday!
I don't think my phone is working :(
I've always wondered what a Krabby Patty tastes like .
Smile... Its good for you and it looks better than that scowl on your face.
Graduation today. Why do so many milestones include funny hats?
Good=Deener's twitter meltdown Bad=the game Ugly= the lady color commentator
Rockets collapse this season is #1, far and away. Almost 20 yrs watching NBA, never seen a team instantaneously free fall like this one.
If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the shoulder of giants
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont hot dogs. Eek.
i heart google patents!!!!
#FF Thanks for the RTs this week! via
yeah, the makeup remover isn
The Best Daily Deals in Chicago - Western Suburbs: Round-Trip Limo Service to the Airport for Three
thanks mama!!
follow back!! :)
Opening show for Zanna Don't! is this Friday, March 9th! Zanna Don't Miss Out!
Great #SXSW keynote by SCVNGR CEO about the future of digital in the game player. We see a lot of correlations in sports.
Next stop is Crafty Wonderland in Portland. Those of you who have friends in Portland, send them out to see me!
#SmackDown R-truth vs Rko four star match
nice seeing you, if only for a brief minute!
Sweden takes a tasty 1-0 lead early on against Hungary.
Hey You boarded us & NOW looking for vols to get off b/cause we're too heavy? Missing the #nyg game here, people.
Is it Wednesday yet?
God forrbid love ever leave you empty handed
lmao I don't need it I learned my lesson!!
Where is an okay steak place in Seattle?
if I'm singing, it surely isn't paradise.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Good morning. Did you know that coffee is the most reognizable smell in the world?
I live it how u and are like un a relationship lol so cute
Sitting in a fancy Georgetown salon as part of a project for slate. Really should have put more effort into my hair today
hey,How are you this a.m.
I hate when people ask me what's wrong.
Every time I see Steven Tyler on American Idol ads I just think "Man, drugs make you do fucked up things"
saw that yesterday -- awesome stuff!
hi there, sorry to hear your msg. - email libby(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and she'll help you out!
Our interns are working hard and they are awesome. Thanks y'all.
Up and early. Getting a new bow.
american made! :p
Ha! I did I forget "Wedding Crashers! "Knocked Up" too... :D
Easy to tell the ones that took a minute and the ones the writer toiled over for an hour.
Take that Scottie boy!
I pop back on Twitter & everyone's talking about Byron Scott's favorite sets... aka Coaches With Chris Paul Don't Do Shit. HAHAHA... enjoy
someone is hacking ya'll know she gonna make some money off of that.
off to go perform at the studio. wish me luck guise. :)) xx
Better offense RT I knew losing Strickland would not hurt better 2 guard play!!!
Chillin back on a lovely Sunday afternoon
Currently watching Fat, Sick, & Nearly Dead. If you haven't yet, watch Forks Over Knives....
ok Mr sassy pants
Not so tasty? Needs salt?
BEER PONG OR FLIP CUP??? Which is your favorite??
Gov 2.0 is not just a flash in the pan. #g2s is about how we harness the power of the Internet
any motown! Preferably the Temptations.
haha :) hmm, soo now we can write in polish? :D
Can't wait to hear the line-up!
Ill defend you ffrom my dad.... I got your back J!(:
A very sad day, Kenny. Bless Mr. Hicks, wherever he is.
Yo Shane! I haven't got my package yet!! Just making sure shit didn't get fucked up, ya know?
"giving him the silent treatment... that's cold-blooded"
ill tell ya in a minute what im tlkin bout. Haha.
IS IT TRUE!!? Is Dianna really confirmed!?
Performing tonight in beautiful Sanibel Island! Check us out!
GET A FREE ESSENCE SWAG BAG! pre-register for gigi's class! all you have to do is email your first & last name to
Dream Weaver!!
my friend just called me and said "GESS WHAT, ONE DIRECTION ARE ON TV RIGHT NOW" but she dnt know what channel so im flipping out!
Just petted the bodega cat next door with three cute little kids and then one of them hugged me.
Probably not again until early 2013. Teaching a posthuman film class in Summer. That'll be fun. Not sure what in Fall.
Sunday run : 15 miles on dirt roads in Minnesota, pace ~ 7:45. 1' snow on the ground. Fun to run through isolated farms, except for the dogs
- Hi Adina: I Love the Work Your Family Does - It's Truly Magnificent, Sacred and Healing!
hm interesting take on it, not sure. are you talking more the lyrics or the actual video (or combo of both)?
NOT LIKE THATS A BAD THING. I LOVE LOU
Please follow me I will die if you did :)
Pacer's game with and on Thursday!
omg I think you do!! now we've been following each other for so long and have never talked is beyond me!
Well stated! If you decide to take your hate on Twitter....expect it to be met & crushed here ~ Twitter is about good people
act 's festival $75.00 secret sale is happening this week.
...and then Smokey pukes his dinner up on the kitchen rug. (Always on the rug. Can't move three inches to the tile.)
I heard is handing out crunch bars for
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. ~~Helen Adams Keller
Good article. Layout and Content are key. Our website's Bounce Rate is less than 1%.
Right now, Milwaukee newsrooms sound like this, "Cover the storm. Ask people how it felt. Give me 1:30 for the top of the show." Worthless.
#Coyotes and #Preds on CNBC for the time being.
Don't try to brainwash me! I finally got the couch EXACTLY as I want it.
Split it with you ...
I hate auto correct *eminem
Oh there was a lady and she was one of the assistant coaches looking for a player for 2013.
found out I have 3 difft. user names on turbo tax. Sigh. There should be alert mechanism if creating more than 1 per email.
When someone gives u a biz card, hold it, look at it, comment on something&place in a secure spot.
“: Jim Thome is now 1-16 with 10 k's. Sad to see” it's like watching Steve Carlton pitch for the White Sox and Twins.
Love me some Ms Vargas....
Just trying to enjoy some of the beautiful weather today! Let's catch up soon. ;)
my kind of place!!!!!
Add some pre-cooked #quinoa to your #oatmeal to give it an easy, healthy #protein boost.
KARAOKE tonight at the Safe House /Newsroom starts at 9pm for as change. 3 Lions Pub starts at 10pm as usual.
where u been hun?
Prevent pain before it begins by improving your posture. Strengthen your stance by keeping your ears, shoulders and hips aligned.
We men, we goin look!
Sen. Cardin speaking now; was introduced by Sen. Mikulski, who was introduced by
About to hit up Napa River Grill where she first fell in love with me. #loveatfirstsight First time back since that day! HA
I'm fighting the feeling, or so I try.
... I woulda love to go to Sonic wif you in your lil truck $_$
as a Florida constituent, I oppose #SOPA and #PIPA. Keep the Internet open & unencumbered!
I'm hungry but at the same time just thinking about food makes me wanna puke.
Happy birthday
Cool. Would love to know more! RT: : #pla12 boston public library uses zip cars for mobile digitization labs.
Hey mark hows it going. Can't wait to stream the event live on www.iBand.me :)
Oh knock off the "tender and sensitive issue" crap, Nothing sensitive about wanting antigay discrimination in the CONSTITUTION.
Going out tonight.?
RT : “If you want tax cuts for the middle-class and small business owners—pass this jobs bill.”
Fortunate to have another audition today!
Does the crew who is refing LSU-Oregon think they are at a rave or something?
": Great Content..Much Love Follow Back "belated thx xo emily
At the mall... Auntie Anne's baybaaaaayyyy
Dont eat cold stone before a game...
After the first quarter, it looks like Kentucky should move to the ACC.
i wonder if my mom got her jimmy johns...
LOL I HAD TO RE RELEASE IT AGAIN
I have six days left of highschool. U N R E A L.
they told me id be arrested if i stayed on schools grounds today. I was like
Tonight = 90s Night with spinning some great tunes! I may get there late... hope there's not a huge line!!
Good morning! Make it a great one :-)
heartbreak kid. Did I mention how happy I am for you guys???
Lol! I think you've coined a new term! :-) Thanks!
text me, we need to talk!
Yes they are Necci, thank you. :)
Ouchie, something bit my leg, and it hurts !
Congrats & ! 2011-12 was the 2nd consecutive season where BOTH M & W National Champs played
composer, music director and leading actress appear on podcast vol.318 Check it out!
Thanks for the follow!
Aww Florida... I could use a boat trip right now! #missyou too!!
This Bitch think she Dr. Seuss!!!!
Good morning! Happy Saturday! AND HAPPY MINI MARATHON DAY!!! Off to Indy. 13.1 or bust!!!!!
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 5
Wow!!! I haven't been on here in Awhile.
one class fully caught up on grading...
“ “ My hormones be outta fuckin control smh””
#WhatHurtsTheMost when some breaks your heart
Thank you for an amazing time last night
s/o to all the peep who wore open toes shoes to work today cuz its raining and yo ass gonna catch the nu flu (like my grandma used to say)
Everything that just happened in that performance...STELLAR.
Love The Ottawa Collection from Karim Rashid for as presented to ! Simpe, clean, interesting.
Missed my flight to LA...made it in time for breakfast :)
Philadelphia Eagles 20 Washington Redskins 3 Halftime #eagles #redskins #nfl (Via )
Just 3 more hours. I've been waiting on this game ALL WEEK so why is my stomach in knots?
If I die today I bet the world end tomorrow..
i do
Football practice started today...in 96 degree heat! Who's ready for Rocky Top 1 month from tomorrow?!
Is it me or does Baron Davis carry the ball every time he dribbles?
Never thought Id say it, but #Win32 gives me a major sad. Need to pass > 2080 chars as process args. Why can't everyone use #64bit ?
Thanks! RT : Break a leg on your opening of Romeo & Juliet tomorrow night!
haha, that's awesome. You a facebooker now huh?
HAHAHAHAHA WHY ARE YOU AT SCHOOL
.NET / MVC opening in DT Chicago, C2H Resumes welcomed at:
where yu been at? Tried to hit yu
i'll be there
we have two ears and one mouth for a reason
have you seen our web site: www.createpeaceproject.org!
good luck :p I liked it better when the testing days were Wednesday & Friday.
<--- Frank Rossi #yeahBuddy I love #yobitv Hey Danielle and Joshie Chinese food and Pepsi
Visiting Karmin. She looks more beautiful everyday.
The top 3 are totally boring.
thank you.:)
Andy Mills is #obviously 90% of the reason King's is awesome. The other 10% is
Why do you have to torture me
The Endnote vs. Sorrel smack- down isn't materializing. Where are the Endnoters?
Thanks for following, Super Star! :-)
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. - Albert Einstein
That 70's show :)
#TreasureTuesdays time approaching quickly come join us if you are in the area today
um I will do workout. Your my trainer. Just got purchase it then we can start going.
#InsiderTrading, #CampaignContributions - so much needs to
GoogleWiFi is a joke.
Since I managed to lose my wallet last night, I'll just hang out in my apartment today and watch Florence + The Machine's Coachella set
you have no idea how irritating that was
Thanks to for the shout out to Checked Out in your sweet interview on !
it's because we have good taste. ;) I'm totally a Colton girl
hey bro.
.. Yeah. I get jealous cause I just couldn't stand to see you with anyone else. Because I love you. But you already know that..
why that face :O & I've been good (:
Absolutely I am hoping for that! Who doesn't want to see more Michael? ;)
omg! Now I feel awful! I just found stamps today and I was thinking about how I had to write you!!
they do Imma have to spend the night out there ppl be spending the night just for front row!
My exams are coming up soon too, and I'm studying god enough. I gotta focus more on my school work.
I skate where the puck is going to be, not where it has been. -Wayne Gretzky
Do you grow the apples at the school? This is great!
”It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.” - Vince Lombardi
"...institution building so that the peacekeepers can withdraw." Ugo Salinas
I need a 24 hour nap.
Ah spearmint gum!
when are you coming to florida??? I HAVE to know i'm a #1fan forever!
saved it for OT?
My gut tells me it's a good idea but needs a lot of rewriting and probably a different ending.
I'll be at Shepard HS this Saturday, 9-3, with plenty of lip balm! RT : No!!! I lost my Cherry Bomb lip balm!!
I think i just ran into Napoleon Dynamites twin at the store.
#IAdmit I havee a Anger problem when it comes to Sports
Got the last sleep shirt, that's all that matters
Special thanks to and for showcasing our data at the Pepsi Lounge. Super cool.
Love the #BeachBoys!They were my first concert.Memories that will stick w/ me forever.So good to see them perform 2night
if u had never met Red Steagal that night at the rodeo do u still think u would of persued a music career?? BIG HUGS
awe thank youu!(: that means a lot!
Let's work together.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. ~Disraeli
glow in the dark nail polish♥
#TGIF. Only 6 days of school left.
Josh Hamilton 😍
my man said he aint get no taxes but... he still got street cashes! lolololol
Thanks.. Prices very based on each project's vision. Give us a call and we can talk about it. 404.932.4301 - Jeff
Say something, cause you're driving me wild.
In 2010, 2.7 mil new HIV infections & 34 mil live w/AIDS. Help us join the fight for the kids! medicalteams.org/catalog - Gifts 3 and 11
I been thinking that too, because when it gets hot I will probably just cut it off
Ah, winter! At long last! Where have you been, my love? Oh, but just a tease!
Since it is the first, I've got tons of End Of Month stuff to close out. I'm off to the spreadsheet mines.
We sell copiers and printers!!! We love helping out customers by saving them money.
Would love to chat more about the points of connection you see. Definitely agree that there's lots of overlap.
What is the prefect USB headset?
It’s Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday. Everybody’s lookin’ forward to the weekend...
Excited today for the wedding of my buddy and - wonderful couple.
Your the reason I go to sleep crying every night
I love your tweets, they are absolutely adorable <3(:
It's sad that I went out more in PA on weekends than I do right now in Miami.
I love how your bio says "not really a gangster"... when, in fact, I think you are...
jeremy thompson, clay matthews i, morgan burnett, jerel worthy, casey hayward, terrell manning.
girl u know
Andrew is off school tomorrow due to not using a snow day. I hate to be that mom, but back in my day we never got off school LOL
absolute fairytale stuff
Thanks for the follow!~~~>
I know - dreaming of it for ages :) already studied "media", now i wanna be part of it. where do i start? ^^
They *are* powered devices, after all. And there's more logic to turning off headphones than eg Kindles.
Thanks #Whittier #Alliance for 2011 Special Recognition Award for HCMC Whittier Clinic's environmentally friendly design!
No one remembers xanga. I had one and my username was like diva star HAHAHAHAH 4th grade
perfect ill e there right on time be ready!!! lol
If Pens could get the right deal, it should be done. I would rather see him flurish elsewhere than be canned up here.
So yeah i love my job, i get to help people with getting there computers and making there lives better! So much fun!
I feel popular....
Naw, not this wknd. I was on vacation from technology & it was god
Ate at The Councilors Room,N.Y.Steak and a Root Beer hot chocolate!Got my tickers finally!
payphone by maroon 5 has been stuck in my head for 2 days ..... i hate that song
Wonderful Training Day today! We did 5 patients with the new #liposonix device. Watch it on Dr. Oz Tomorrow!
Im back! :) lol Going to get coffee! I feel like I'm about to fall asleep in this hospital! lol
waaah i wanna meet u come back to new york!! i love ya
#Weather Forecast for Sunday Night
Is it just me, or does crappy, rainy weather inspire you to get your #creativewriting projects done?
Xenia NEEDS to sing Norah Jones or Colbie Calliat!!!!! She has an amazing tone :)
First baseball practice
MAKE MUSIC THAT FEMALES CAN RELATE TO WOMEN DONT WANNA HEAR HOW MUCH DOPE UR SOLD HOW MANY PEOPLE U SHOT HOW MUCH MONEY U GOT
Thanks for the plug. How did you come across it?
LOL, I totally dig it! Have a good one :)
Scoreless at six minutes of the 1st. Shots are 2-1 Ferris State.
Hate when you have to go to bed with bad news only to wake up with more #shitsucks but she's a fighter. I got
today's soundtrack shall be all Etta James. RIP
Why is the Gold Line Southwest Museum station not listed on the Gold Line time table?
Good question! ? RT I mean, a link to recorded video from today's live feed?
we're still friends because we both like collision course... Linkin park and jayZ my friend.
Train like your life and everyone else's depends on it... Because It Does!
RT : Get connected! Looking for an answer to your question, Super Bowl related or not? Text it to ChaCha (242242).
Ah. Actual information.
Yup! Come say hi if you're at the BCC venue. I'm the guy that's loud and obnoxious XD
The new stuff will be so kick ass!
We Build Apps! Got an idea for an App, or promote your self with An App. Turn you into a Game? Sounds funny? but why not? Best! DonnO
I would love to cook fried eggs in a cast iron pan coated with Teflon® nonstick!
Union Rags and Gemologist, but I always wait to see what horse looks like he feels good in the post parade.
*Waiting in lin* Random Dude: Did it Hurt? Me: Did what Hurt? Random Dude: When you fell from Heaven XD ( Thank you Dude for making my day)
Wow. My cousin sent one of her black friends k instead of kk. First time I laughed in 30 minutes. :)
was in milwaukee the same time you were, two cities in a row ;)) so lucky.
I don't even know what I would do with an accordion/banjo duet!! My poor heart...
C part of me somehow doesn't include RC attachment, tho always related. So, lots of alternatives. Just me tho.
Only had 4 hours so just managed to ride Viper, Superman, Raging Bull, Batman, crash bumper cars & eat a funnel cake sundae
BIG UPS from the dirty shaw
Working out before the #readathon is a great idea (says the girl still laying in bed).
#classic female say they hate you, don't want you!Call you a dog, but can't stand to see you with the next female
On special today: Peanut butter cookies. We only have 4 left.
Wow, poor thing. Wonder what Vic considers good TV! Nothing better than #Scandal !
Life's disappointments are harder to take when you don't know any swear words - Calvin & Hobbes
#nowPlaying Ghetto (comp with Biggie, Tupac, etc)
Chea, I do
I know the feeling. Sorry, man.
If a tomatoe is a fruit then is ketchup a smoothie?
Hope soulsurfer wins!
Canadian Scholarship Presentations this Sunday!
And yet millions of American parents give their kids fast food every day!
Your hitting brain is in your hands.
After a fun performance last night, it's time for a mellow day. Hoping for rain, a cup of tea, and coziness.
Loving that the weekend has arrived. Go horns! Don't forget to call us if you want to come to our Holiday Make-up Class!
Anxiously awaiting 's first tweet
Hot Step!!! For those in the heat of summer, check out the new Custom and Micro Beds! Up now on #productionvault!
sounding brass and tinkling cymbal= 13th Corinithians! Calling all internet opiners!!!! re - read it!!!
"The future isn't what it used to be...I'm not surprised." ::rogue wave::good morning (the future)::
Burn your clothes and eat a whole pack of Big Red.
A week without Kelly isn't as fun.
Loving my new #Nike sneakers.
Our zendo is now open every saturday for meditation. 7:30am to 9am. Everyone Welcome!!
I stopped following Khloe Kardashian's annoying tweets that are clearly just quotes her assistant types in every hour.
Wow, remember music videos? I guess people are technically still making them, but nobody cares anymore.
Cindy is just looking out for you
I've been good,just chillen
Out with the old in with the new
Thanks. I appreciate the response, anyway. Nice to feel heard. :)
Oh? RT : Charles barely says whatever is on his mind lol
Plays posted so far from 130 cappers and 12 consensus from these service & free picks with more to come
this was a lovesick mistake.
I was just told that my tailgate is "hella gourmet"
RT"Progressive Arizona Rep Gabrielle Giffords is shot.In her ads,SarahPalin had her targeted in a gun site.Inciting to violence."
Its time to go to bed.
Miami and Lakers today.
now your just getting picky. <---- see what i did there? I didnt use it right lol
ROFL so he can actually fucking spell now?
Rain got u down!? Don't fret folks 15% off ur purchase while it pours when you are here WHOO HOOO
Thanks coop!
just read a few of your tweets....you're kind of a douche...
bonjour , do you have. a contact email?
Hurry up wit dat stick yo!! I didn't even get to wake n bake!! lol
Entertaining game in many ways. IL was unlikely to win, but went out & played hard & loose. OSU=smart, balanced & talented.
Might get to go to Teen Hoot to see !!!(: I hope my momma let's me! I really want to go!.(:
lol. Too bad. Get your WoW on!
UNLV goes down and Lobos win handily on the road.
other than getting the shaft? I've met some great people, including your obsession, ..
Watching "Slumdog Millionaire"
Ah now I understand .-. *flips table
Are you serious? Have you heard how the earthquake has messed up the nuclear facilities in Japan. Man this whole thing looks like 2012 :(
Monday May 16th-Free Regular Soft Drink with any $8 minimum purchase! Deal is for Twitter/FB fans so show your server you follow us! :)
Good luck in your next venture, I enjoyed listening to you while you were in KC
We've hired an intern named Rebecca Black to help the firm keep track of the days of the week. She's very good.
YES GIRL IT DOES
Another unbelievable call...this time against Teague.
I hope they can change my classes :(
If KD is not the #NBAMvp I don't know who is.....
I decided to be a matador and got hurt by the horns.
this is strange :o
smh :( RT : Damn our children have no fuckin music to look forward to
bored! I guess I'll play a game huh?
So true. There is a great, uh, book by the Mexican writer Gabriel Zaid about this. In English it's called So Many Books.
Thank you for the follow. We love what you do!
Awesome, Thanks
Hey , Where's that little "Unsubscribe" button in your emails? I'd sure like to do that.
13 years ago to this day a halo was put on an angel's head <3
hey i was just on there lol.
They shot us with the same shit at the Regents in Riverside...
Get the habit of analysis- analysis will in time enable synthesis to become your habit of mind. ~Frank Lloyd Wright
I would love to write a song with you some day would that be a possibility?
Dont let life pass u by live it why u are able to and share all your great times with the ones u love
Nice, we'll be there the 4th and 5th too...
I apply for jobs and hit "No Thank You" for all that stuff & they still call. It's such a racket.
In NYC for the week playing with the Aaron Diehl group at Dizzy's Club Coca Cola.
oh yeah!
I'm kinda scared to answer the questions lolol
Agreed. The cover puts the Newsweek one to shame.
so true, huh RT : 'Upon a 12 hour reflection, my point of failure was relying on 3rd party APIs vs. common sense.'
Seriously, The Birdcage is a hilarious movie & I love it.
Cops Fighting Cancer delivered toys to 250 kids today.
first time in 31/2 years since I had gumbo made from scratch from mama. So good, I could've jumped in the pot and bathed in it. Thanks Mom!
To be honest I really do miss all my high schools
Finals week <<<
No matter how old you are, you'll always rush for a swing in a park.
what up cousin?
Twisted Imagery- Beautiful Mind Official Video - herb garden 2
Fresh squeezed lemon water will speed the recovery
I mean, there's plenty of stuff to criticize him for. wanting a breather is not one of 'em.
and it all goes down at a club called " the outhouse" now thats country lol
Does it make me a bad trans activist if I stay home doing laundry instead of going to #TDOR events?
This lady.
Need a place to crash after the Toledo show? Let us know.
Local biz sections have gotten more fluff 'meet this local business owner' profiles and less enterprise business coverage.
My load in time tmrrw is 3pm in Beverly Hills, you free before or after?
You slip a document into your pocket. Bam! Double venom!
last night = awesome!!!
New article about Khem Birch up at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
Up +83.3% for the year now, crushing the S&P and Dow Jones Industials. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Time for sleep :)
“: My answer is yes and no. We have both decorations up in my house.” thanksgiving is always appreciated in my house
at least i'm wearing real pants today.
New hospice cxare book comin soon by me. Interested in reading it?? If so send me an addy to mail to
seattle was part of , please try to add a date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 8
How Keeps Hanging Up On Me <<<<
Eating a giant salad for one meal each day. Currently day dreaming about mac and cheese and cheesesteaks... mac and cheese ON a cheesesteak!
Of course loses her phone in the mall
WHAT?? Like a random question? lol Frickin' people. smh
#AskNathan what is the funniest prank you ever did?
Oscars been laggin it too much its makin me mad
So yall still convinced Miami aint gone be playoff bound?.
When are we watching this with ?!?
Good luck to the freshman taking their first EOC today! They're super easy :)
I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now, and live in it forever!
Big middle finger to Chicago airport (AGAIN!) Haven't you learned that thunderstorms happen regularly & adapted some? Evolved maybe?
Have a Great time Hon!!!!xoxoxoxoxoxo
do you like whyleaveastoria? We do too!! follow us today!!
oh no!!! Did you drop your iPhone?
hmm see if you see my sister.
After how fucking long I've finally done something I've been dreaming of for years. And it was perfect. My day won't be blown no matter what
that last tweet, just made me hate you
Things that bother me: when the one paper I'm looking for is at the bottom of the stack
Haha I know
Catch me @ fox and hound tonight. I know my grizzlies gone win so I ain't even gotta watch it. Mayweather vs. Cotto let's get it.
see also: cats
I would do it if I could. I am a #nerd though for Econ...
Haha in the end, Hill, Konz and Upshaw are still on the board while the #Ravens pick third. Rest easy Raven-Nation
Participating in several discussions in ADHD at www.addforums.com
Wine Tasting on July 15th from 4:30-6:30 pm in the Courtyard @ 455 Capitol Mall in Sac, also features appetizers from Hanford's Catering!
want a chocolate chip cookie and some milk?
White Noise #soundsbetterthanitis”
It is not intelligence alone that brings success but also the drive to succeed,the commitment to work hard & believe in yourself
I think you aren't CORRECT SIR!
