New York is the best place in the world to make movies! Been blessed to have this career for 24 years!
Digging out my down comforter last night = warm & cozy night's sleep
do u listen to dubstep?
HEY :D FOLLOW ME. you were talking to me at the valentines day concert and i started freakin out out of no where <3 followback:]
It's fun when you're winning. :)
IE6-9 requires 75%+ more effort to support. Only 6% of our first-time hits come from those, so we can't justify it atm
When evaluated objectively, this reality appears so obvious....
happy brithday beach
The weatherman can die in a hole
i'll have my people talk to your people.
Well you sure looked like shit today xD.
Literally JUST caught my train. Jeez.
I would have expected you to put "For more cowbell" somewhere in that sentence. Son, I am disappoint.
To all out there - we wish you a Happy and Safe New Year. Do include us in your 2011 plans for Events like Meetings, Reunions, etc.
hi :D
an En Vogue song called Free Your Mind.
i made him laugh and smile so much today.. success<3
no problem, thanks for the follow....real deal.
NC, are you ready to vote tomorrow? Don't forget to do your homework!
those are so scary
Jamming to on pandora now and then new mix- #aphroditesreturn latah. Happy Valentines tweeties!!!
nevermind,sum dude told me a pretty woman came by my apt when i was gone
Joe took a verse. Now Al's up.
just realized i left my mirror hanging on the inside of my closet door at my dorm...
"I tell people I'm a baseball player. I just work so I can eat." - Greg McGee, RIMSBL Black Sox
" LIKE " tha page and keep up with the latest news and events!!!
That feeling of getting your anger out>>>>>
Really diggin' ! If you want some inspiration to brighten up your day you must follow!
I was gonna watch tomorrow but just may have to watch NOW!
Great to see collaboration amongst scholars.
Wish I could teleport around campus
Whoa, there. Haha.
it smells endearingly like elementary school cafeteria around here
well you better be ready cuz , ima be yo side most of the summer !
#GrandpaFred Sp that's what we are today. And everybody come to support that as well as support the
you fixed your door latch?
gonna come down to Hawaii again? Gonna have a small meet n greet again too??
How did you find out about the death of Osama Bin Laden?
My only cass is canceled today fucking waste of gas
lol I was waiting for that
needs 2 write a paper about Rhetoric of Resistance toward the Sanitary Reform of 1848. Instead, I keep reading articles about the Holocaust.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. - Flora Whittemore
Lecture capture best practices highlighted by bit.ly/pvbLUs
Good game the other night! You watch it?
The one in Camden. I had to double check a map to see if it was actually in MPLS proper. It's way up there.
I'm not sure I agree with "false information" today we have more accurate information than ever
Well Mark Rockwsold and I have been named "Rockstello" by which is pretty awesome
For those that missed my Movie Leave It On The Floor last weekend it ok it comes on again tomorrow on the LOGO channel. Peace to you.GB
Love it!
love that show too
Today, at work, I got to look up Lewis Hayden's tax records
do you have a link
The halls are crawling with
tsc and vamp diaries books are written by same ppl
so sweet thanks dear have a great
When I see Austin happy and smiling, and acting like nothing will ever bring him down, I feel like happy too. When my baby's happy, so am I.
I hope it's not a bad omen that Seattle's "varicose vein specialist" is now following me on Twitter.
Recognize that guy? Haha, thanks for the RT!
send me your adress on facebook & i'll send you a postcard <3
John Gray~ The process of learning requires not only hearing and applying but also forgetting and then remembering again.
R. W. Emerson, via Manfred Kets de Vries: "There are no days in life so memorable as those which vibrated to some stroke of the imagination"
Okay I've been patient enough, stop with the #oomf tweets before you cause my suicide. 🔫🔫🔫
Trying to lose as many followers as possible today? Tweeting golf highlights... really Norm?
#1DtourUSA Liam will you do a shoutout to my sister jackie? she loves you :) -Bailey <3 June 2nd section 203 row D seat 25
#DontYouWish could be your neighbor so you can be ACTUAL friends <3
RT : It's unfathomable how anyone could defend obtaining or keeping ANY job after forging as major a qualification as a college degree
Kelly is awesome! ResVitále thanks you for the fb love!
I'm an emotional wreck.
In todays NYT “The only thing that has changed in the church since the first century is who is considered ‘us,’ and who is considered ‘them’
I didn't do it! (I hope!)
I dig it
The season still has 6 weeks left to beat a legend..You can still play in Legends Fantasy Leagues and win cool stuff
I hope I get a Postcard from Selena it will be so Awesome!! :D
Donald Davis arrives in 11 days, www.storytellingarts.org
giants are mah team!
It is characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things. Henry David Thoreau
Pack played too conservative on last off. Series w great field position! Come ON D!
it's autograph but not sure what the autograph will be on as of yet. Once we have 300 people we will have a contest 4 it.
Reservations are filling up for First Friday. Call 702.270.4400 to make yours tonite!
The day went by too fast!
Yeah... Ellie and Katy are really disappointed in me too. On the plus side, I <3 them now.
Thanks for the informative newsletter! Appreciate it!
Got rejection emails from the two jobs I applied for. I didnt even get interviews. Perhaps my resume needs another overhaul (again)...
your mail server isn't working
hey man! How are you?!?
#oomf gave me some good advice.. "If there is a will there is a way"
Putting the finishing touches on "The Fall"
thanks Jure for the #ff. Happy Friday. : )
come to Pittsburgh again or Greensburg!(: <3
morning :D
That's probably for the best.
nah cause it's very likely I won't find a clit there
wooot the semesters almost over! Woooot
Waiting for Josh's flight to arrive and just downloaded flight tracker app = A Jewish mother's best friend.
The student said it was the same when he was logged in as when he wasn't. He's convinced my University has some special deal.
update- the identity of Ratko Mladic has been confirmed by Serbian President Tadic & he will be flown to The Hague to face war crime charges
Thanks for yelling! It was a super hot night! Look forward to the next. XO
How edits does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop?
you are ass whole
If he knew like i kno tell det nigga be quiet.!
20% of adults have sleep apnea and 10% have severe.
Teen&#39;s drive led to EMT, teaching
Shifman: Survivors of sexual exploitation are subjected to rapes, beatings, manipulation, and blame.
“: Michael Irvin was FIRED UP about this year's HoF snubs. Agree with him on Haley, Carter, Brown & Reed? #SB46” totally agree
Omigosh in Wizards, Selena put potato chips on her sandwich just like me. And we both eat pickles on pizza...and everything. Haha
Can't wait to see #RonPaul tonight! Yeah buddy!!
I was thinking of having one soon. There really hasn't been any need to meet until now, so don't feel like you haven't done anything
I shouldn't have showered this morning. I've been sleepy AL day. Ayyy.
President Olli: States in cooperation with #Indigenous people must take measures to achieve t ends of t Decleration
you should be having one too
No one throws out porn it's like heirlooms you pass them down your family tree
well I'm just saying she does have a lot of meat on her bones. How about instead I buy you a beer,,,,,,or some cotton!
do that same thing ... But with a Snickers. Seriously. It's awesome. Learned it at the TX state fair.
Last night.... smh. Still fun though
Missing you tonight. Wish you could have been there today. :)
good idea *runs for book*
Tip of the Day: After each feeding, clean the baby’s gums with a clean wet gauze pad or washcloth.
You coming down to #coffeeandcode today?
NO! cut from their daily line up. My life is ruined!
Hunger Games may be the Worst movie of 2012. .It was a remake of Romeo & Juliet with Lady Gaga in charge of wardrobe so bad.
I'm done talking about it in a good way. All this doesn't change playing the game & people exaggerate ... will still bring it.
Omg!fucking aye!
Neil Barofsky keynote address at 3/25 "Policing, Regulating, and Prosecuting Corruption" on CSPAN2 at 2:08 pm eastern time today
They're off sailing, but I keep forgetting. I guess these are new yacht rock tweets, but that's what a fool believes.
America! Fuck yeah!
I think he could go either way. I thought they could have taken a higher rated player and waited on a qb for the 2nd round.
I beez where im at!
Obama will be speaking to 3000 gay activists, in a stunning Vera Wang evening gown.
Cut ya bitch oo now she need a banaged
Twitter needs to find a way to not allow anything in regards Taylor Swift, Gaga, Beiber, Demi Lovato, and Jonas Brothers to be a top trend
are you shooting movies or just tv?
I told you not to install from floppies
I have a B in math. Does anyone understand how amazing this is? IM PASSING MATH
"To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." Joseph Chilton Pearce
editing party about to get started -- thanks for hosting!
Someone at work is playing Love it.
Great meeting you tonight! #stayinspired cc:
Another Milwaukee team mascot. We need more than a racer, can you play the infield or swing a bat?
Glad I've followed my gut on these and never got into them much.
no I swear! Isn't that funny.. We were just talking about that last night!
This. RT : This Clippers flopping is getting out of control. It's WWE-ish.
Something has zapped my energy ^_~
What happens to the sun? ;-
Thank you to Gould Electric Inc. for sponsoring and making this a "Current Event." Way to go! - Registration is filling up fast!! Secure yo…
Happy 50th Birthday GURU aka Keith Elam. We miss you.
When did you have Wicks? There's one down the street & it's hard not to get some every week!
Congratulations to the talented Keely Marshall who has just booked a McDonald's commercial!! YAHHHH KEELY!!!
What else would one do at 10:30 at night while on vacation? Why, work, of course!
al tht u r to me plxz follow me i <3 u plz
leftspace studio at my fave and best photo studio in San Francisco all week
Like Rate && Date Pass Cuff <3
Congratulations on being an ALA superstar, lady!
LOTR FTW part 2 of 3 of the fellowship part 3 tomorrow so pumped. Gandalf is a beast.
just chillin u?
Got my life spinning in a circle (*_*)
“: knowing that we don't have school tomorrow will get me through todayy. #HappyTweet”
Just need to no wat that pusyy like so one tyme thats fine with me
Its impossible to find someone who will never hurt you,so go after someone who makes it all worth it.
Spring ending, but summer coming!
Going to take my mama out to eat!
I wish this hotel had a concierge Marie.
Dont you wish your best friends were awesome like us !! Haha i jus had to
Last night's #Mets #Rockies game saw 27 runs, 36 hits, 7 errors, an 11 run inning, a cycle, 12 pitchers, 42 runners left on base. #i❤numbers
I'll be in the mix tonight @ Grotto(stone oak). 10p.m. no cover
10% off purchase with receipt from Goldenwest Cafe thru Labor day!! Come show us your hipster love!
Here we go again.
loll gladd my bro is proving all these mahomies ishhhh ppl need too realize buh n open der damn eyes
u should fallow your dreams gurl listen to your heart not what ppl tell you!thats what the ICONic boys did and i know i can to
#FF If U 2 enjoy inappropriate, offensive, &basically Awesome
#WarmShowers feel great :)
2 properly communicate w/ friends/fam, should do this 6-10a show more oft. More texts & convos b4 8a than entire week. Dont u people sleep?
and I'll end up lyinnnn that's the WONG thing to do
my dick on sale
#IdFangirlIfJustin Followed me so please make me fangirl!!! :)
Wahoo! Enjoy it!
I'm Starlin Castro. All I do is hit into double plays and make errors
MY LYDIA CD CAME IM ACTUALLY DRY HEAVING
RT if you already know all the words to #SaySomethin ♥
that would be awesome!
Performance? About the same. Finding stuff? Very marginally better. Overall? Nice to have another search option.
You know me mane, I stay lit wit my hands all up in these bitches purses.
RT : American Idol's 2 perform the National Anthem @ Saturday's home opener vs. Detroit & will put on halftime show
I will take a beat out of the day 2 stop and smell the roses!! :) Happy Friday!! :)
Our first issue of the semester is officially out! Check the library, Caf, Bobby B's, and many other nooks on campus to get a copy!
I think this is so cool. app directly for the idea "keep your friends close and enemies closer"
even if you don't try, you are just gorgeous
Thanksl 4 your great support last week of Cupcakes 4 a Cause. Special thanks to Bob Clark and Channel 4 News. We raised lots 4 CancerCare
i see u boi
Sweet! How about showing CitySwarm some luv too David;)
I'll be right back twitter I just need to smuggle my Mexican friend back to the United States
today is my birthday i am so happy i am 24 today lol
It was fun!
San Diego shopping? Fashion Valley Mall is now offering Diversity Card Members a coupon book and welcome package!!! BUY YOUR CARD!!!
In 2013 from St. Martin's Press - "An Adventure Shared By Desperate Men" Orson Welles, John Huston and "The Other Side of the Wind"
Assassin. RT : Feeling ready.
#HappyMothersDay mummy! I love you. ☺
Trust your gut. It doesn't lie.
My Girls made me a carnival ... it had bowling, beanie baby toss and a pillow fight. I have the best girls ever!
Footloose is the best movie ever!!
lmao..me n bree both logged in my page..
How hard is it 2 get r name rt? not Our Lady of Saints -- or Our Lady of Lakes -- It's Our Lady of the Lake University Saints!
Just found about 20 rolls worth of smarties in my backpack. Those little girls musta done that after Bingo
Always! I'm getting the wheels rolling for my next post as we speak ;)
I think I've reached the maximum level of boredom that one person can experience.
A Beginner’s Guide to Paid Search
In the middle of my 3 day weekend!
I'm gonna bring the bonnet back this
So i tend to wear all my merch & dance around with a poster when i listen to 11:11 on blast(; yeaahh im HARDCORE!!
Michael Jacksons This Is It
Well, you are looking rather svelte these days... but still.
thnx for callin me out on twitter I got u for free tmrw well talk busters lol
C'Mon Caps!
Leadership - When I give a minister an order, I leave it to him to find the means to carry it out.
Raider game was good fun! Now time for another long week
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done. - Lucille Ball
you did ah-mazing. I'm so impressed with your athletic prowess!
that wasn't finishing. That was counting on stupid play by Memphis. With 5 seconds left Conley stopped at arc instead of driving
Joe Biden always looks like he's hiding the secret of the world and it's killing him not to talk about it.
Good Luck, and have fun!
The coldness of this cafeteria will be the death of me.
Picked up a shift at the dub! Come see me tonight 😊💰
Wishing our girl great time on set this weekend with ,her "party" on the 31st w/TheVampireDiaries
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple.
no wow youre blonde. 6:5 means I have 6 and you have 5. Go back to school :P
If you are listening .... Tic tic.... I will find you.
Anyone know of a church that would allow a short wedding scene to be filmed in Chicago? Anybody ?
You can follow Dickens' party too. Though for such a voluminous writer, he's short on the tweets.
I'm real as can be.
Love playing basketball!!!
Kate here! I sent you an email about class tomorrow--give me a shout? Thanks!
Clay Aiken on Face the Nation? Blah.
you need the z me. lol lol
So far my shoulder is holding up through my workout. Those 2 days off really helped I think. Its sore but manageable
Upset that I may miss Waunakee garage sale weekend
Every time I wake up from a nap that has accidentally gone 2 hours, I think 'man, I really must have needed that.' Just happens too often!
#IfIRuledTheWorld the world would be a better place or at least try to be
When i go over speed bumps, i pretend i just hit the hydralic switches.
hypocritical, yes. Perfect, yes. I have a meeting at 6 I think. But gym during the day.. Drinks at night please.
Good to hear. It's Eeyore's birthday today too. Any sightings of hippies?
what network is it on?
needless to say i feel your pain.
this is probably my 100 time watching :)
It's never good when, at the car wash, they ask you if you have an extra key
lol u went to twitter rehab or sumn lol
did you find me
:) Thank you!! I will always have lots of love!! Cc
Gravity is not to blame for two people falling in love.
Now following would love to work with you on promo.
I'm not afraid of you, delay pedal. You're gonna be my best friend.
Follow my other account ? Thxxx <3 & Thanks for the follow ;D
Please, please, please... come to Pittsburgh.
Come out and see us Sunday at Fremont Studios for the ! Ben Moses will be there with a beautiful #A7!
Nicolas Jasr at the showcase last night was the closest I have ever come to having a "religious experience"
so since it's been 3 days since you texted me, i think it's safe to say i win
A little boy in a grown man body<<
Listening to my sis show. She playing all my favorite hood songs
Favorite scene in Robin Hood?
I love the coconut curl pudding & the olive mask from komaza care! ~ mahoganybella
deal dun sun
No one's referring to you. Stop talking.
Found your Belgo Anise Imperial Russian Stout. I didn't think you could make my favorite beer better, but you did.
Was discussing (in broad strokes) your experience w/2 other mothers with special needs kids. They were appalled, recommended suing.
Congrats to I love your heart man.
Sitting at the anchor desk for WakeUp right now -- though you won't see me on TV... it's ok, good to get some practice in.
oh I know after opening day and he's just out of it. Tomlin's coming around though...impressed there
at least she deals!
Please take a quiet moment today to remember: Many years ago this day the world changed with the birth of a very special person. My wife.
are you wearing your sweet new #swmadison shirt out tonight? I am!
Dang. Was afraid someone would say that.
This episode was pretty good. I can't believe there are only 2 episodes left.
Shut up no you don't
damn, well I may come up and watch. Is it worth it ya think? Any competition?
Satanic Versus
Back at PAX let it begin!
And yeah, giving #gradschool a rest 4 the evening in favor of a beer and some
Officially visited every building mica owns
Why can't I have classes with people I actually talk to?
Invasion of the Girl Scouts at #MOA. Continues tomorrow along with performance of Disney star
Thanks! I'll add it to my ecart order..
Yikes! $800k in debt already? Good luck getting any kind of return, sharks! She should have done 1 location at a time.
I really really really really hope you see my dm, I love you <3
Have a fun & safe trip to Alabama! :)
You Both are Lucky. stop rubing it in my face D;
we're is the party at k.
Thanks fir a great night of fights
iPod touch ya know ?
we're ready for the Spanish chocolate and cava event at you're more than welcome to come to booth 3426, enjoy!!!
Congratulations to all the students who earned a place on the Dean's List yesterday. Thank you for your hardwork and dedication!
There's still time to win that UMPT water bottle! How many classes have you attended this week?
writing session tnite all the way live! lets set up the mics and go
Anyone going to the #ActorsKey party tonight? We're giving away FREE CLASSES! RT if I will see you there!
Someone inform the Angels manager that Kendrys Morales may just be your best hitter and should be in lineup. Callapso, Trumpet, Aybar uh NO!
#Battleship... Go see it!!! Loved it :)
No way Nunez makes that play.
OF DOLLS AND MURDER back by popular demand NFR will screen it again, this time at LoFi Coffee on Main Street in Mesa! Tues Feb 21.
Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time. ~ Jim Rohn
yeah we are my mom just got after me ~.~
hope I get breakfast.
can a navy sailor ask you all for a favor? Can you please retweet #gonavybeatarmy it would mean the world to us sailors
right on man! We finally have a drummer that is patient and will totally work on the new material, coming together fast!
HA! I like his answer ;)
Changed my BF's name to 'Wrong Number' in contacts. It amuses me. He thinks its overly sentimental.
don't forget the rice cooker.
Tryin to stay above the clouds......follow #BAM SQAUD
"A study of the history of opinion is a necessary preliminary to the emancipation of the mind"-John Maynard Keynes
I never wanted to be loved by anyone
RT : #Kaiser switching out product in its facility vending machines to #healthy options. Target date: May 1
thanks Tom! pg
The need to do laundry at 4am now making me late to work
I can send you the file :-)
Riding back from the studio and we hear another song on the radio. It's Real!
Now it has to be more abt my blood pressure and less abt that Snickers bar. Damn you old age!!!
Relationship Revolution, Part 1: Why we can't all be
hope ur havin fun!! miss ya!!
Exactly, just how many times have the police shown up at their place that they can recognize them by their knock, lol.
Driving around Hurricane with trying to figure out what to do
looking forward to your wine pairings tonight at Tutto Bene!
RT Utley will play in extended ST tomorrow in Florida.
oh that was something else.
hey go to my site at www.watchnhllive>com register and you can watch all the games i no its hard to watch all the games.
is this a song or are you being sentimental? Lol
Good Morning #Seoul. Up for a productive day of meetings in prep for the #LatinFinance Latin America Korea Investors Forum #LAKIF in Sept.
HAPPY SPRING! going to NYC soon with jenny; be back to twitter after the trip! : ) bye for now have a beautiful everyday!
I'm hungry. Damn.
aw, look at you stepping up!
*Loses car in the gym parking lot* *Forgets I don't drive an Explorer anymore*
Made it to Singapore! Looking forward to our day off here then on to Diego Garcia!
Awwwh! But Keifers sayin: "That damn girl spelled my name wrong"! LMAO!
Great, ONE GAME and I have a Sweet 16 pick gone already.
YouTube Announces Google AdWords For Video - Huffington Post
Hey Matt I was wondering, could tell me how many plies your kicks and toms are? I absolutely love empire! Great work!
University $-chasing not only in college sports, i.e. Mercatus ctr; the "student-athlete" myth
Note to would-be greenwashers: recyclable it not the same thing as recycled.
got too many on my reading list right now... But I'll definitely have to def check that out
lol so haven't had a conversation so what's new :P
swell! how about yours?
- No problem, just call 773.528.8226 to reserve a table. Hope feels better!
The Flight as taking off
I KNOW RIGHT O.o
oh how I'm gonna miss you when I leave bccs Anna banana!
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of safesimpleweightloss
I looked pretty hard at the beginning of the year, but there are always new ones! I'd love more of a magazine feel for Vegbooks
Remember Podcasting
Just saw a Perry The Platypus RV omg badasss
omff go right ahead
In any mood or circumstance.
i love you guys.
: Um, a little late but Happy New Year to you too!
she was so cute
Dip tick.
Apparently some #CHESPRA members were one degree from Kevin Bacon last night at his concert here in Annapolis. School PR Officials = Cool.
thank you :)
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :)
Keep me together Do not abandon me Hold my bones together
Smooth all day and smooth all night! 1/2 price bottles of vino every Monday, and great live jazz every Monday night!
yep. i will soon. lookin blake over. lol
besides performance, of course.
I wanna go to Disney for a vacation.🏰🐭
your such an immature person...
in my vacuumed bc ppl like leave them on my floor :/
round of applause baby make dat azz clap
what are YOU thankful for today?
God bless you mr. Santorum, you glorious mole posing as a homophobe.
Although the NBA no longer has this award, Comeback Player of the Year is Gerald Green.
We are the new world order
open access enables multi-disciplinary research between social sciences, humanities, and natural sciences.
Fellas stand on yo toes yo girl on her back she using both of her hands to hold it open jus fuck her with the tip for a min
I hear that all the time
Great to see for Demo Day. Great energy.
uh oh. That's no good.
It's not good to live your life w/ a bunch of regrets!
My Blockbuster card is going in my scrapbook with my elementary school ID.
Mothers day is coming up. #SportFreaks out there better start shopping for your lovely mothers!
I just saw #DoctorStalker by WAS AWESOME!
there are so many good ones. People are fucking funny.
we do, but will check out , too! thanks!
lol! Maybe I shouldn't have used my twitter handle : )
Yesterday must have been Possum Stupid day as I almost ran over two in the road.
Getting my eyes upgraded
#GOP women will follow #RushLimbaugh to hell and it's a remarkably short trip_
Haha tell her i said hi!
Wow i am so tried, but i slept an hour earlier last night :/ thanks goodness i don't have a class today.
You either Build or destroy ...
Kept screwing up that last tweet IT'S THE iPHONE'S FAULT!
Can't wait till Pujols is in Chicago next year
I've been waiting a long time to see the Bruins win the cup. My whole life to be exact.
Ya it's wierd, once I click on the egg pic in my profile it does come up. So you for sure can see my pic without clicking then
Just making stay-at-home a no-brainer I guess! RT New Babysitting Bill Is Going to Ruin Life for Working Moms
Homework Help from 1:30-5:00. What can you get help with? Any topic, any grade level, any subject!
I don't think Hammer can spell "twitter"...
Babysitter's Club can't even handle me right now.
Thanx! we promised Raleigh a professional taxi service. Look forward to meeting you. ENJOY YOUR DAY!
bynum & pau wasn't talking strategy, they trying to figure out what excuse they gon give Kobe tonight! LOL gotta get on the same pg...haha
Excited to be around my wife's family this year for the holidays. (with Robbin)
good night gorgeous hope you had a great day today :)
We have landed in NolA
If you think no one is listening, just turn up the volume and get LOUDER!!!!!
Hi Jennifer. Any way I could speak with someone about a possible partnership between yourself and ?
Which mayor do we blame for all the BS changes at the Glasshouse?
Just because love is blind doesn't mean it has to be stupid
praying Bishop, GBU!!!
Gotta get my shit together ASAP
I'm real, I'm too real I'm mean like my gyal aisleyne ,The real would not behave in such a manner- you madam are an impostor!
CM Herb Wesson just called on Mr. Dollhouse Dude for public comment. I don't even need to see him to know exactly who that is.
Rock Relishes a Rare Turn as the Straight Man The New York-bred comedian spoke recently about "2 Days in New York," his teenaged dating h
RT : just came on my Pandora Fall Out Boy station. I almost fell out of my chair.
we just need to find ways to teach them skills through tech making it relevant to them.
Wait wait, don't answer that, the website just told me
I don't blame you.....good luck with the diet!
hahaha yeah he's so perfect<3.
Thank you to all 592 fans! I appreciate your support for me and Sweet Melissa's.
ur welcome sweetie
Criticizing evolution now protected in Tennessee - Washington Times
LOVED the kickboxing photo! But Lavender says she's gotta work on it some more.
used to work at a hawaiian bakery in high school. got em right off the fryer. graduated
So I got home to the guy cleaning the gutters & the moss to see my greyhound running around the block like a race track -oh that is your dog
No one will make a lock without a key. Similarly, God won't give problems without solutions.
get a mullet, i have a feeling those are coming back. :D don't really get a do that makes you, YOU. ahaha im lame.
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu (via Thelma T. Reyna)
You're right! I totally forgot. Great movie by the way.
Love this jam
Seriously, did I get sent back in time to 1992? I feel like I'm stuck in Reality Bites over here in Logan Square.
Today blows
that's what I thought it was going to be like!
text me
Showering is so annoying
still on for the Vidcon party right??? :D
hi!!!! how are YOU? how was the benefit?
Girls with short hair >
Off to the City for a Go See for a Print job. ;-)
No big plans for the weekend. I'm excited its the week...end! :) What is Razoo up to?
Finally updating to OS X Lion, hopefully now can transition from MobileMe to iCloud.
Your life is your garden and your thoughts are your seeds, so if your life isn't awesome you've been watering the weeds
don't you mean Hipchester?
Exactly RT : I'll start feeling sorry for Rory when he gets old and fat and poor. (Or when his girlfriend gets old &/or fat)
Thanks for the looper recs. Isn't Jonathan Z wonderful? It's such an honor to make music with him.
Remember when some guy threw money at us the second we walked into the bar?
We had a great meeting today thanks for everyone calm despite the showers. Build day is this weekend, if interested send us a DM
37 days until the Indiana County Fair begins. Hope to see you all there.
@ my uncle's wedding @ mt. Charleston.......loving the chocolate fountain!
lol i hate their limits
Are you a Fergie fan? Then #follow us! ♥
Great chatting w/ today about whats happening in the world of
I am guilty ...lol I would buy these
Get ready 2 head back over for Day 1b $400k Gtd $225 buy-in w/ next day re-entry
Guess someone did not like what I tweeted & no longer follows me. Truth hurts and will catch up with you one way or another.
That Lakers-Thunder game went exactly how I thought it would. Young legs vs. Old legs. This isn't going to be pretty
Notice & cherish life's surprises. Just because it's not what you were expecting, doesn't mean it's not everything you've been waiting for!
I'm so bored that I am beginning to think things. OVERthink things...
not with his upcoming salary. why would any team outside Jax trade for him? everyone knows Denver is done with him
Up counting my blessings & can't keep track of the number due to the amount of them God grants in my life!!
Leadership is knowing the differen between telling and engaging.
The festival? No. I get paid by Pitchfork, but not enough to cover costs unless I can sell to other outlets later.
#mlanet12 new name will be Master Shifu
ha! Yea I would prefer to not wreck anymore cars. But I am up at least 25 times a night so I'm up for the party! Haha
skipping all my classes today finally on spring break
Sucks not having my #UK family with me in Las Vegas! Watching the game solo tonight!
RT "Media companies need to stand for a point of view, a genre...they become brands associated with a certain taste"
Harrison Barnes is just Marvin Williams 2.0, right?
yeah, hate it when our guys have, you know, principles. “: Dumb RT : Feingold goes off on Obama superPAC reversal”
Oh, yeah. Funny how some people think it would never apply to them!
what did you bring?
well i can respect your Laker pride... and good thing you live by the water b/c yall bout to be going fishin real soon
one of these days im going to just admit that i dont understand
°o° AP and PAP holders: Ensure you bring ID to parking. Rumor holds that someone on 192 is selling fake #wdw AP's to grant free parking.
NO! Did he smile while he was doing it? Did you get a plate?!
Congratulations Miles Applebaum (guitar) and Jordan Mendelson (acoustic bass), accepted to participate at the Ithaca Jazz Festival.
Now I got my Mom hooked on Heroes!
yessir! He almost took me to the title this year!
Been up for awhile, but yet i woke up in the middle of the night in a good mood? O.o
Is that it?! Nope, airplane.
Chillin in peoria wanting to do something
With that said, niggas that are Heat fans talk about the Pacers as if they aren't a legit contender in the league
school is the reason for my being depressed thru most of middle school. #NotKidding .
I think someone is playing a joke on me. 4 more power outages today (albeit they were all brief).
Miami Heat
Go Kandi Go!
I'll pass your good wishes along, good sir. Cheers!
A selfish bitch and I hope you Greece everyday realizing you lost a good friend #bitch !
apologies moviedoom, thought you were talking about Poltergeist vid I posted--still same, but w/motion
My physics teacher made me bend over
. explaining NINES, COLLEX digital tools with federated search of collections controlled by original sites
May is Short Story Month
iLamp. Not a fan of Macs eh?
CBarkley, please be quiet. He needs a filter & a brain. He's the Alexi Lalas of Bball. Clearly, we all need entertainment beyond the sport.
man they be throwing away they money all of dip sit ain't shit now, they like regular people with phenomenal flows....smh
aren't those the best kind of trips?
We do not currently, but have considered doing so in the future! -RT : Do you have a studio audience?
9 more days of school. FUCK YES.
obviously RT : one flat-screen tv at this dmv office is dedicated to a still image of keanu reeves against a tie-dye background.
so you're coming up to do live reports, right?
on the up side i havent been able to stop watching the #BOYFRIENDvideo all day. ;D
sick of having a wasteful work space? Try some of these simple tips for a more sustainable work day!
SO IM SPENDING 2 BANDZ IN THE CLUB TONIGHT
jealous? who went 2-10 again?
I try to tweet from where I go w/ the #vegan #ala11 tags.
#Bagels are not supposed to #squeak when you cut them.
Another day, another donut. Okay, maybe more than just one donut.
Woo hoo! Good morning! RT : Happy Friday everyone!!!
#Brewers depth has played a big role this week with the extra innings game last night and the rash of injuries.
See ya, Canucks
I don't like water, but I have been trying...good for the kidneys!
"It's all good"
My friends are funny. Girl asked me have you ever tweeted from the toilet haha
the fruit loop? get it?!
. students: we know you've got a tight budget so come in & see us for great food at a great price!
are you trying to kill me with your sexiness?
had congressional data entity info so that could easily align their data for #lodlam results.
RT if u have an xbox 360 and an xbox live!
I want to go on a date.
After a whole week if no shows due to vacations...we finally begin prepping for tommorows show...
interesting. I think I like the desk top version. Though, I'm not a pro at either. Tx!
I'm mostly on board with that philosophy. From what I'm hearing the coaches really wanted him and it wasn't forced by owner
It's really the best way. The streaming selection sucks.
because I wanna! :p
Yay for Microsoft Office 2011 for Mac FOR FREE! :) <333333333333.
Had a gud day.... Nite still young & I aint no where near sleepy...
Leaving the office right now & heading over to for a nice cold beer and a live performance See y'all there!
Ima buy you a drink(;
I'm at my grandma's house.
Done! Please help spread the word about us if you dig our music! Thanks
Tonight the moon will the brightest it has been in 18 years
So there's this guy... <3
Rise and grind! Ready to perfect this music, prep for these business meetings, and plan out these music videos. We are ready.
Go Go Action Broncos!!!
While eating something healthy would be ideal, eating anything in the morning is important to boost metabolism and fuel your body & mind
Don't forget about today's News Assignment Meeting at 5 p.m. in MGC 252!
#<omg>STFU</omg>
Hope it helped! RT : I am in a hotel room and sick, with a business dinner in 2.5 hours. Thank God for Stash mint tea.
I'll do it. Trial basis at first. RT King of Tonga Dies at 63
Still trying to figure out how to put pics on instagram... Maybe I should jus give up now huh?
I'll just shut up and listen to what is spinning til I figure this out
Happy April Fools!
#Art Fact- Although tattooing has come far, the tattoo gun's design was originally based off of a doorbell design.
Thompson Library Finals Week Extended Hours: Sat June 5-Wed June 9 Open til 2am
u dumb fuck i am spending friday with my son. Stop hating thats such a bitch trait ur such a fucking lady martina
spurs playoff game tomorrow.
Dis is her clostie hacking her page like its nun!! :-) 143
I never wanted a terrier! Den thought he was a chi at first. Nope...terrier.
Holy Shit. You were RIGHT ,sir. This is right up my alley. Now to match the stories to the names...hm
#BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: We Came As Dwight.
Nice out today!!! Candle making time!!!
- or the month thereafter!
what sample did you have?
English or History
Again....beer is really good.
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 24
Don't mean to be sentimental, but aside from , might be the best thing ever happened to me.
Lol I miss your's too. Fack. When are you going back in to TR?
using a subdomain will negatively impact your rankings unless every citation uses the same subdomain as well.
You do have a lot to talk about! You did it with the oil spill song didn't you?
Prior 2 tweets: The lament of all anthropologists of science everywhere.
oh, that's nice. Drunk driving is really dangerous and it may compromise inocent people's lives. Yes, it's def an eye opener
Failure is a part of innovation/discovery. Stone's failed podcasting idea led to the invention of Twitter
Thanks for your continued support! You're a real class act. You'll be the first I thank in my Emmy speech. Sorry mom!
Do right by her....
Nice seein u buddy, hit me up!
thanks for the support! :)
oh well man! Keep up the training! Your looking good man! And I hope you get better soon! Will keep you in my prayers. god bless!
Just saw a great film: The Conspirator.
I think I'm falling for you
we were at UK the same time and then both moved to Houston for the past five years. I hate snow so please don't go to Minnesota
God paid a lot for his endorsement, His name is Jesus Christ, He was sent to take the penalty for our sins.
ok :) I love u babe <333
I need more sleep.
Nancy Grace is showing exactly where we lived in Tucson, this is the closest ill probably get to ever going back.
Well.. cold turkey starts tomorrow morning. I'm worried, scared nervous excited.. etc.. LOL.. typical me
Simply unbelievable.
some days i feel like my life is a bob dylan song. thankfully those days seem to be further and further behind me now. louis prima is ideal
Wow! That is great! We're glad you enjoying singing our music.
Good Luck on this round! If u have any #HCG qs feel free to ask us! RT Yay! Back on the hcg Time to continue my final weight loss
uploading my very first video on , can't wait for the next step! :)
thanks for the on-air shout! Cant want for 7/28!
yay! What are you making?
ever thought of writing a book on web mapping? I can't think of a better candidate for an author in the field.
so disappointed at turnout
How trouble can start: this morning, while my partner was sleeping, I left to go for a run. BUT I texted him: went out for a rum.
Ever see someone that just stuns you? Like seriously takes your breath away. Who makes something that fine! Oh yeah, God does...lol.
Oh no!!! 'No party this year' are tragic words! What am I going to do with myself?
down loaded it. Thanks!
Ugh, I asked yo ass a ? On FB like a week ago tho... M hmm! o_O
Sometimes i look at life from a different angle ..dnt knw if im Gods child Or if im satan's Angel
April Fools ended yesterday, Cabel!
My poops have always been way more magnifique that my douchenozzle brother. Most likely due to my high carb/low nutrition diet.
TY so much for your compliment! :) let's continue to grow the #socent community !
Yes. : RT : This year marks the 20th anniversary of Goosebumps. Does that make you feel old?
That aqwerd moment when your looking in your pouch for your pen only to realize its right in front of you! : )
We have major problems with food production & animal cruelity in the country. Foie Gras is not one of them. Let's
So excited for my first event on May 8th with
will let you know! Anxiously waiting for the release!
That awkward moment when you're at dinner and your mom's old co-worker is your waitor...
,Salam my friend,i am getting better every day
CHE livechat w/Cathy Davidson re: her book,Now You See It, on brain science+education, w/Anne Balsamo+more! Wed, 8/31 9AM PST
blake got lucky lol
Thanks for following
it's on twitches...hang on!!!
Exciting news for Maryland cyclists
lols same here copy cat
Judging an excellent music entrepreneurship presentation by grad students at WPU. The students are better than concept thrown at them : )
And if you hear anyone tell you otherwise, they are in the minority or in bed with their company's public relations arm.
line-up announced tonight at midnight, excited i definitely plan on going this year!
so what's up?
Traveling to #NACUA conference on Sunday? Build in extra time. S.F. Pride Parade expects to draw 750K people and affect traffic near hotel.
It's funny, now that I have three kids, it's like I've rediscovered garbage food, even while losing 50 lbs in the past 2 yrs.
Back at ya!!!
I feel sorry for the bank of america worker that answers my call. Im about to rain shit on their world
I am presenting at #cil2012 as well. We could actually meet in person! :)
I feel like dancing!!!
Thanks Adam, have a great rest of your weekend!
The 2012 Fringe rewatch has begun.
Now i make my new mix is gona be Fkn insane fkn crazY !(x
I agree. Wish I had done more of it this year.
How many times have I almost ran into ? Like how I found out she was at the Pilates studio later after I left that same day! Lol
JEBUS. And with that...is there anything else to watch today?
Dude Just Stop
K, I'm gonna go cry now.
Beta tested #Rift - is it better now than Beta? Stuck in WoW with all the time put in there.Good player base? Grafx better now?
Yea. Over promising.
(Rich) hearing thumping upstairs. I did not down. Investigated outside determined walking on side deck. Unknown who. Will monitor. IR quiet
Ugh just got the biggest scare of my liffee!!
So sick of love songssz **
It's freaking insane trying to deal with Twitter, FB and G+ at the same time. But there are meds for that too.
it will be, just to piss me off.
At least it didn't come down to stupid field goals.
Why does it smell like breakfast in my apartment?!
Good morning and happy Tuesday!
Glad you're liking Gist - how can I help? All of our clients are still available
So do we now start a hashtag of
When, oh when will I ever learn to put the straw in the tall plastic soda cup *before* the ice cubes?
Feel free write me in for the GOP primary. I am the true conservative.
Donegal Fergus on LCC baseball: “I love the coaching staff at Seattle U, and it's tough for me to leave them. They're also sad to lose me."
BIG SHOUTOUT TO and FOLLOW them all, itll be good for you!!!
Let's help women feel beautiful for who they are! DM me to start an amazing project!!
Welcome to Twitter :-). Be sure to add me Love.
Benjamin what's up....
I checked that out this morning. Great read :). I love the daily devotional.
Farmers market was popular this morning. Strawberries and asparagus are in.
Are you working for that fascist now? How sad. RT Mayor : "This is a major turning point
Cody teases me.
are you kidding that's crazy where does that girl live?
m I just did some DAMAGE to some mexican food. nom nom nom nom
No one likes a visit from Aunt Flow. Dogs included
100+ followers. Thank you to all who follow me.
#IADMIT I'm a B at times
God gave us real eyes to realize real lies.
>>> RT : Are you a work-in-progress, or a piece-of-work? While you're growing, always remember that people matter the most.
Got any good ideas for Space Room Lounge t-shirts/hoodies?
Thanks so much for following
I'm a real charmer!! ;)
I don't think I've ever been so unprepared for a day of school before...I really don't like this.
Great we r not no hit thru 6. got over wit tht
Guy at dunks named Lancelot inspired me to reread T.H. White. Only been... 10+ years.
How dumb can you be.
Me and my pony #WeStoppedTalkingBecause he felt a little horse.
Compelling marketing message: You-to-I ratio should be 3:1
Hey. Been meaning to email you. VERY hectic, but still no excuse.
Might take a ride on the ol wheeler!
Four days until #NewYork! Can't wait!!!
Damn. I wanted a shoot-out.
The dark color looks amazing on you! Do it!
Costco with mama
Let me add that I'm child free too! :)
Il break yo fuckin nose..say sumtn stupid bout black mamba
Congrats to our client on winning her title Miss American in Las Vegas. You Go Girl!!! Time for crown & sash shots ;-)
you did a great job writing down the answers. Good thing spelling didn't count.
excellent answer sir!
Focus Portfolios’ Premiere Edition would like to announce an exclusive interview conducted with JOHN SEXTON. Be sure to stay tuned!
I detest that used the word "boy." -Like they think innovation belongs to one gender?
Thanks for all the helpful info!
so glad you came! Seeing you always makes everything more fun :)
Maybe I should just go to Vegas instead? Perhaps a little bit more interesting? :)
Tomorrow!! All teens need to be a club fuego!! Huge teen night!! Dj prodigy in the mix and Lil JAE performing live!! $10 get you inside!!
“: Did that really just happen?” yes... yes it did
We should meet up one day. I think you're alright.
Remember to tune into the Winterfest Boat Parade tonight at 8:00 on WSVN-7! We're featured in the White Party and Boat #56! See you then ;-)
With associates like this, its not wonder you like Pretzel M&Ms.
Two Jews Walk Into A War... is getting great reviews. Read them all at www.unicorntheatre.org
Now with Derrick Rose out, it's time for me to step up into the big leagues and dust of the old sneakers...too bad they don't fit anymore.
My cat Ally is always by my side no matter what
So hard to say goodbye to yesterday
RETWEET if u are a fan of and
Regardless of who you root for, we're all a member of team Red, White & Blue. Support 'Tribute in Light' at WTC
JUST BOUT TO CHILL N WATCH DA REST OF DIS GAME
Well demonstration right now.. #nyc #ows.. See marchers walking peacefully with lots of police.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i am extremely outgoing and bubbly :)
Denver is now up by 15.lol..Shots on me Coly
Livingston has lived on the island since 1983.
GAH I saw the score.I SHAKE MY FIST AT THE WORLD
Well, I'm sure if we ever live in the same town, we'd get close again
So jealous!
Wow. #WorstAnthemEver by at the NCAA basketball title game.
Re: rocket porn. But disappointed to discover that the IPA tank at Stennis Space Center contained isopropyl alcohol and not beer.
PB&J and carrots for lunch. Life is finally back to normal. Well, almost. Still have to kick this sinus infection. Boo.
My Ragnar training will start Thursday. My legs should be back to normal by then.
“: Never change for someone. If they can't accept you for who you are at your worst, they don't deserve to see you at your best.”
Been looking for my phone for three hours...turns out it was sitting on my bed
Smoking think about lf Love
Josh Hamilton's 18 total bases a new AL record. Shawn Green's 19 vs. Brewers in 2002 is the MLB record.
looking at the biggest loser and dancing with the starts...
My dad just handed out $100 to all of us (meaning 9 people)..for what? I don't know but hey I'll take it! Lol
just found u on twitter, my wife loves you. Just letting you know Heart isnt the only one swooning the ladies.
your twitter escapades make me sad to be studying for finals right now
Paula Deen to reveal that she has Type II Diabetes..........anyone surprised?
Saw Hilary Swank at dinner tonight. Let us put "The Office" debate on whether she's hot or not to rest. She is STUNNING.
Wow...I'm really on youtube taking it back to Kwame "Only You"
we posted pics on :-)
I have the perfect pic of u grandma B
my mom's all like "turn the movie for your brother when there's an inappropriate part" he's 9 mom he needs to figure out the nasty somehow
Ice cold ZICO right outside fox hills mall perimeter in Culver City!
yep! Mainly music videos
Got my interview with Best Buy tomorrow. Oui...I'm quite nervous ._.
Saw Deathly Hallows part 2 today and bawled for a good half of it. "Always." Severus Snape <3
ahaha i got a few. believe it or not i kinda wanna fuck bella thorne (if she was older) and debby ryan and probably miley
When you watch a movie w horrible acting, you really appreciate what good actors do #HumansVSZombies show
Sometimes it makes me feel unique and inventive.
#LawandOrderCommunity was pure genius.
Just finished great interview with at #C2E2 . Classy, cool guy.
Is that a Gretsch? If so, why you go corndoggin' when you know you got Gretsch?
I almost forgot about that but for sure you know ill enjoy it
aww nobody's on :/ i guess im gonna off now !!
Ok my twitter is messed up.. It won't show me my tweets
I just found out I can type my name correctly on Tweetdeck by holding the "e". José. I go from ho-say to ho-SAY.
Karen, thank you so much!
I'm just happy and 's grammy shelves remain empty!
yea dats ma role model one love x
Loved this wks epi, but then haven't seem an epi I DIDN'T, your're all the best. Much long-term success to show.
now I love him. Oh god why did it happen? This would make it difficult for me to forget him
hope everything is good....
Something crazy is going down PV Country. Check out the new Dierk's 5-1-5-0 intro
ah your the best korey
I'll make sure I'm there with Sneakers!
#2ThingsIAppreciate Boobs and Butts
Online learning is a vast term and numerous programs are grouped under it. Some colleges exist only online without any physical campus...
We are People who need to love, because #Love is the soul's life, Love is simply creation's greatest joy.-Hafiz - Hafiz of Persia
wow how does it feel to be his # 1 fan r yhu nevas or just realy happy
are you making any announcements this morning?
NYC: King's Court: a dance, theater and music piece premieres this Tuesday! I'll be your host for the evening :)
What do you get if cross a mouse woth a packet of washing up powder ? Bubble and squeak !
So there was a time when I wished that I could get paid to make mix CDs, well I'm sort of doing that now. Pretty cool.
I was warned that monkeys will steal your camera. They will also counterfeit your credit card and make bogus purchases to Amazon.
Thats what I was afraid of :(
What's the best Mother's day present you've received? -Tom
Ah, the days when gender was an enum. How quaint.
Just started a City of Boston Archives twitter. Follow us
I like them and Jessica!
finally done at the dentist, 3 hours later.
Let me say it again: Today is a great day to be an #Orioles fan.
what's wrong
Las Vegas locals, follow for the best massage rates in town!
...this beer isn't helping either :)
Related: I have installed Wordpress but not gotten to configuring it or replacing the stock images. I know, I'm lazy.
i know i know i havent seen you guys in forever that needs to change!
I'd be interested to know what you think of picnics as I haven't really had the occasion to use them. Could be a great tool...
fa sho! But I do like Jay-Z more than I used to b/c of Watch The Throne. I'm a believer!
Is it Friday yet? Can't wait for the penultimate episode of #Spartacus!
Avengers talk forthcoming. Beware.
Lets Go
peep 's new joint. Fire like the good ol days. W.o-dmusic.com ... Holla
plan for two full extracts (one for test, one for go-live)
Happy Birthday to my wonderful husband,William and also to Mr.Robin Trower!!
"A dream is a wish your heart makes"
Thank you for the RT and mention, it is appreciated.
No kidding! Definitely more painful than that. I'll just call you Dr. Publiside. :)
Putting Your iPod On Shuffle Then Skipping Through Every Single Song To Find A Certian One
"boss is mad at me for coming in to work unshaven but… if I don't have a little hair down there I feel like a little boy." °_°
RT : Dissent is the highest form of patriotism.
Watching Salt with Viggle Sun | 1:20PM | Encore Get real rewards just for watching TV.
You SHALL Have What YOU Say... CONFESSION!
My 6 month old son just post that last tweet n I don't know what that shit mean or how he did it
My new phone is like that too!
Emily is always right.
I have the worst experince with ballons
Amy's necklace is incredible!!!
OMW to the Library before I kill MaJai she act like we goin to Disney Land or sum lol
Are U a fast, fun, & friendly Jr Web Designer? Do you love Web advertising? Do you create bad ass creative? If so, Tweet me!
Thinking about Marc's Big Boy. No idea why. But I'm suddenly hungry as hell.
Watching the bicycles parade on Market street, and about to Dine About Town in Castro.
You can't fake your way through a digital presentation or podcast or iMovie-Mooresville teacher Debbie Page
It's a Color Purple kind of day at
Back in Austin!!! it snowed here last night - very nice.
The housing #'s aren't up because of demand to buy homes, it's for renting purposes. If you look at the data, it reveals this.
wrestling with my 4 yr old, and I put him in a move he couldn't get out of, so he licked my face...
off to the gym to get my run on.
Green skittles don't get the love they should. Everyone is all about the red ones.
my body is shot after doing probably 100mi on the bike his week. no time to rest though until sunday night.
If she still wears ICARLY shirts
Really was an amazing story!!
I'm sure most ppl will love this record warmth, but this will have consequences (record drought or storms)!
my birthday is 2morrow. It's either Earth Day or Administrative Assistants Day so know what u mean. But April Babies rule!
I know, sorry :( I want them ALL TO LIVE WITH ME especially
August 2010! The game evolves! www.thesportsland.com
no! to me talking to other peoples bf's makes me feel like im stealing them or something. some people can be mean about it.
Ah! a sunny day!The snow is bright in 4- 5' drifts. I'm inside sipping organogold green tea. it increases brain power, we all need that.
Tonight came quickly. Thanks.
Another passage: ...As long as they preserve harmony at home, and keep their institutions healthy...
Haha! Okay wasn't making fun of you but alright
Telecom Argentina S.A. Announces the Filing of its Form 20-F with the ... - Sacramento Bee
*Someone Like You*:
Really??...Um..I..have a confession O_o
When you know better, you do better.
#Reds have killed it this offseason.
today is one of the days where I'm closer to crying than smiling, so please take care with your words...because I'm barely hanging on.
Got flu shot at Hayes Barton pharmacy in Five Points. Took 10 minutes and cost $30. Totally painless.
NIce! Less litter to pick up around the 'hood! Do energy drinks, too! RT eliminates the sale of bottled water
ok well what was it? Text it to me if its too bad for twitter
We like it too! RT : Hey I'm loving the new location at MSP airport. Great food, great service!
RT : Milwaukee's Jaill to release new album, "Traps" on 6/12 via
President Obama announces his support for same-sex marriage. I could not be prouder of our nation's leader.
Again, Twitter justifies its existence:
I just decided to bust a all nighter, I have too much to prepare for... sleep is the cousin of death;)
Going to see my old friends!
- I was just reading an article saying they are going trying to revamp it into other projects. Not sure if people will use it...
Women go through the worst pain physically..
It's ONLY #glitterandgrease ? We were under the impression you were gonna leak several unreleased projects
I got to see some adorable baby marmosets at today. What a treat!
#HarborEast #flashmob photos posted stay tuned for more pix n video!
Hello.... Yes is this spring allergies? Yeah I'm just calling to tell you that you suck!!!
Brazilian Steakhouses are deliciously evil. I <3 them.
I saw it on Ben Simons wall today.
We hope you're enjoying your lunch! How is everything?
Okay weather, that's cool. Literally.
Food Drive for Senior Food Baskets! Kindly donate for hardworking seniors in the community! Check out the flyer in our pics for more info!
Have you been in to visit our new exhibit in the Lewis Gallery? Check out designer dresses in the PWH "Blue Wrap Project" show.
Well my drive home was adventerous. Hwy 179 is covered. It is snowing like a big dog friends.
Love doing " The Chew" makeover segments
“: Seriously considering selling my dog. If anyone would want a yorkie let me know” you'd cry
Happy Wednesday! Half way through the week! :)
yeah, and I had a fun time at the maze. Ur text yesterday deserved no rrsponse
In name of God, GOP mocks world's great faiths. In name of families, it fails them. In name of America, it flouts Constitution.
blurb.com RT : Anyone ever print a nice coffee table book? If so, who'd ya use to print it.
Then, 'The Sweet Life in Paris,' 'Unfamiliar Fishes,' 'The Night Corcus,' & 'Bright's Passage.'
There is no try. Only do.
I love it too
yeah I hope the same for you!
tell him to tell them to let us have a party of 15. Lol they r saying we can only have 8 @ a table 😔
Commercial shoot was awesome yesterday! So thankful :)
OMG sometimes girls be doing some crazy dumb shit that you just think "no she didn't" LOL.
Wasn't that kinda the point? That violence IS sadistic.
MARC records for UPCC Books are now available from
Lets me get you coffee this week and give you some copies of stuff. Thanks!
if you wanna get them slow and work at it (what I did for over a year lol) ask people to follow4follow :] I'll start you off :]
We would love to hear what favorite #cause#charity you support! Give a shout out for your org @ Curepals
don't make me lock you up back in the zoo, Mr. Penguin
One of the best bonding moments with ! Time for a
My dad is the best. Hes celebrating his bday playing w his new ipad, youtubing videos of James Taylor & Paul McCartney. Love u
Enter the inner sanctum.
hold another petite version of ANTM! And don't stop making the show!!!
Jose Reyes signed with the Miami Marlins for six-years, $106 million
#ImSingleBecause is trending again. I'm not even gonna start.
Linda Riss I sadly get why she went back with her psycho ex, she was blind it was a different time. She would have been homeless.
the whole Jerry thing is gross to me..
Try some Bushmills
#TextsThatGetYouScared I NEED TO TELL YOU SOMETHING!!!! it sure does get me scared.
Oh I hate hospital !!!
I hate my hatchi because it turned into the same one as my last two. I think this means I'll be a bad mom.
Good morning NYC.
The Dish Hopper AUTOMATICALLY records your entire prime time line up for FOX, ABC, CBS and NBC, every day. 350-6428
i have added you on face book
Football is a game of adjustments, and Dom Capers knows this fact. It wouldn't hurt to get his defense off the field, though.
Therefore, is focusing on the "consumerization" of I.T. in 2012.
Visiting my mother today. Listening to Barry White, Luther Vandross, and The Whispers.
She was asking about her personality. Cute's just obvious ;)
add me
I wonder who pulled more #allnighters studying back in the day or ?
Its so cold out it make you wanna speak in tongues...lol
morning sister!!
This "Kendra on Top" commercial makes my teeth itch.
Change is the only constancy in life
Thanks and love for the new follows!
thai food, hayes valley, leaving now.
Catching up on 's roof. Long overdue.
I hate when i see 10 tweets from the SAME PERSON in 5 minutes. Tf? You don't have a life that much?
yea ok
Seski say you welcome.
First time my folks Ben out like a light dis early
A woman just asked how parents with limited English proficiency can be involved with their children's Baltimore public school education.
Proud of A company that has such an impact on young minds should be more responsible. a deadly illness as trivial joke = not funny
it was probably my mom or brother or Nylah
no, there is some improv on my myspace. myspace.com/onefunnybitch. Check it out.
great article right there. Like you, I too feel like this is the end of the road for an aging team. I'll say OKC in 5
my dad's the biggest asshole I know.
Glad you won! You're kind of a big deal in my book - leather bound, of course. Great to see you today.
workers/designers want to take my Fresh kics brand to the extrem & they also consider on making FRESH HIGH HEELS FOR THE LADIES.FRESH HEELS!
X to Oh, part 2
it's ALL #winning!!!! baby
I had it on the TV, but I fell asleep before they were on! :-(
Insider News! Heidi Klum left Seal for a Sea Lion.
It's all about a pop of color on the lips Mothers Day Makovers with Clinton Kelly. I had fun with this assignment!
can't fall asleep either but I find reading tweets more entertaining.
I'm pissed I can't see my boys this weekend. Family lake Easter weekend blows. I'm comin to ATX nxt weekend
haha. That's hilarious. My husband once rubbed dish soap on leftover pizza before he tossed so I wouldn't eat it.
Besides, it's not like my rooting makes a difference - just makes me feel better, if only for a fleeting moment. :-)
Why is so awesome? Because he's
#twilightexit was a mess tonight. So packed. Everyone trying so hard to look SO bad. Oh well, it was still fun.
Thanx for telling me my user name!!!! :D
I'd like to request that life get a little bit easier for a while. I really need a break. Could something great please happen? Thanks.
is working on volume 4! Stay tuned!
“: John Calipari to give the "Riders Up" command to the jockeys at the Kentucky Derby” how mad will Pitino be?
Huge game by ! Nice to see an awesome former Badger represent. Can't wait for game 7 @ MSG
Sorry, just seeing both text and tweet now. Congratulations!
Just got to Puerto Rico for the YRNC! What's the official hashtag?
Thank you! You, , and have been such fabulous mentors for me as I adjusted to primary. I am so grateful.
Saw THG again :)
After you pledge to become a member at www.baltimorefoodcoop.com, help us out by taking our survey & start shaping YOUR co-op today.
Ps that last one was for you,
I DONT KNOW HALF THESE GUYS. THEIR ALL LIKE YOUR HOT. and im like k kool
Up way too early so I can be at my school by 7 for a literary magazine meeting. Just let me sleep.
Morning Rockstars! > Ask yourself this question: "Will this matter a year from now?" - Richard Carlson, writing Don't Sweat the Small Stuff
"That's how life works" "that's how life is" etc. Youve already admitted he was getting singled out & scapegoated multiple times.
I would ship you with Niall. You're so beautiful. (:
illegal import/smuggling of WIld Life, a big bus." 7:00pmE tonight www.blogtalkradio.com/creativeanimalrelief guest speaker Voney Yates
He's what you want, but I'm what you need.
My car needs a detail in the most immediate way lol
Fun fact: Enamel is the hardest substance in the body.
Linda, welcome to the BHB page, please enjoy the music, thanks!
RT : Colombians and Dominicans >>>
My #fridayreads is Rosamund Lupton's AFTERWARDS. First Lupton for me - everyone raves about her!
And it's not even my birthday....
Formal lab almost complete. Woot woot
People who just sign their name in the yearbook<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
how long do you think you need to train to get through ?
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!😒
A much needed detox workout. And I avoided bagels AND cake at work today.
you ready for high school? Freshamn year should be interesting.
watching a movie lol I'm bored
Happy New Year Violet! Make 2012 spectacular!
BOUTA SMOKE 1 WATCH LIL T.V THEN FALL OUT NIGGa bed empty smh me my bed n i.
#DontWifeThatChickIf she don't clip her toe nails
Congrats on the speedy #IM703CA racing!
coolin workin what up wit u mean
their she go again smh.....hope it ends well lol.....not
Omg twitter is so funny right now. I apologize for blowing up timelines haha
i am haunted by the antelope.
Glad I could help... :D
Busy and exciting work week ahead. The Atlanta Braves return home tonight to begin to a two-game series against the Reds at Turner Field.
Who will stop dwight tonight? Should be fun.
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the brave. Mahatma Gandhi
LIKE this status if you are counting down the days left to school before the summer...or if your kids are!
Awesome 2 days of events w/Turning Wheels for Kids
Hope to go!
no! It ended around 1:15
Waiting 4 the premiere @ the Ziegfeld, sitting nxt 2 (50 rows away from) the star.
ya my dad told her i was in love with him and she's go I no why is everyone in love with him lol I said he's amazing duh
TONIGHT: Unsigned talent FREE (must bring 1 person who is not an artist). Karma Lounge, NYC - 51 1st. Ave. Corner of 3rd St.10PM, 21+ID, $10
Merry Xmas/Hanukkah to all! and oh oh oh I guess. :)
Everyone in Seattle come check out Ignite Seattle tonight! Rich is going to be laying down some food loving insights
FREE BOX SPRING OR UP TO $400.00 OFF ANY PLATFORM BED With purchase of any Mattress See store off any Platform bed. See store for Details
"Yes, turn to the Mark Side of the Force. It's like the Dark Side, but lazier."
there is a truth behind every jk.
Madonna you fucking rock!
Fry asks for navigation advice. Rodin: just got back from India, sees opportunity for US higher education there, Africa, China
It's what matters on the inside. No amount of weave, make-up, or money will make you prettier. What a #shallow world. Ha
Hey Bro, thanks again for the analysis. I do think it's what I've been looking for and will make a viable film now
Half day!
Really new Twitter app? You think I should discover #cowboys does geotag say nothing?
So true. That and Scotch. :)
RT : Beautifully said :)RT : God calls the shots, I just pray for victory
thanks. It was fun to watch. Keep the momentum going tomorrow!
you're the jerk, jerk!
nice to have a client sing songs to me, but priceless when some old dude walks in locker room to witness, how are you feeling
you gotta find the humor in it if you don't it will consume you. I have a god one week I was dx'd
going out tonight babaaay. trivia
As breakfast in a library, eat barley hardtack with milk.
This Thursday I'll be In the mix @ The Vault (San Marcos,Tx)
Tim Dillard is now my favorite pitcher in the Brewers bullpen. Why you ask? He comes out to Star Wars music!
Fixie's are awesome! Where do you like to ride around at?
Glad you liked the search tips! Thanks for the RT and keep networking!
never heard him say anything remotely insightful. Bland conventional "wisdom" delivered inarticulately. Also seems to hate Arsenal
Authors of excellent memoirs #FF (and check out their books):
Tea is drunk to forget the din of the world. ~T'ien Yiheng
Attending #Indiana #Historical Society "In you neighborhood" meeting hosted at Owens Hall, St. Mary-of-the-Woods. Great resources!
We will be open Sat. 10-6! Double punches for bulk & drink cards. Free candy dish when you buy a lb of any bulk candy
follow back? x
hey, check us out!
I am guilty of crumbling crusties from my nose, but I draw the line at eating them. A girl needs to set boundaries.
Today is soccer all day... I have a game to play at 3 n then I get to come home and enjoy la copa de oro games back to back
In my case? A possible replacement for Netflix plus free books from a lending library.
For 900, you choose that? Loser.
watching some college basketball (:
Once Cake gets stuck in your head, you even tap your pencil to cake cake cake cake cake!
Not many upsets so far in the tournament that have been suprising
I have to fix mine, but let's tour together.
Nice! You and/or Paul want to join me at the SEC Basketball Tournament tomorrow?
‎"Of course you keep making the same mistakes; it is too hard to think of new ones every day."Be patient with yourself if you make a mistake
Fantastic dinner at Lord Hobo in Cambridge. Grilled cheese and cauliflower soup with a crisp IPA.
smash their mailbox
I always wondered how does one go about becoming a DIY show host like ? Ugh that has always been a dream of mine =/
Project X was fucking sick !
I say go for it. It will look great on a resume.
hope see you soon! ;)
burned 246 calories doing 45 minutes of "Walking, 4.5 mph, very, very brisk pace"
“: Hey, you #lrnchat folks at #DevLearn know that you can actually, you know, talk to each other, right?” sounds unreasonable
power of love
We don't even have to do anything exciting or fun...I just wanna spend time with you.
Bout to throw a few back with
lmao hush u must b the second hand bttm...over there living lol lmao lol
thats what you think 😜😜😜
"I must use this coffee high for good." Okay, Peter Parker, bitten by a radioactive Starbucks twin-tailed siren.
GUYS! it's getting close to..FRIDAY, FRIDAY!...which seat should I take?
I'm gonna come home next weekend We better hang out and I can't wait for dinner with on Sunday
