badder than bad she is smokin ! <:\> *christina the cuban*
You came to Mixology and didn't stop by to say hi literally next door?? Hurt and offended.
How can Lux help you with your new years resolutions?! Charts, templates? Let us know!
i don't know what a Loiter Squad is either. but keeps talking about it. o.o
thanks for the shout out!
real good
it's true dawg. still an employee too so this is gonna suck dick.
Leave alone you guys but sabrina i thoght u knew its tho still love boo
Tonight is the night people! is in #Denver! Come to an amazing show and rock out with us! Get your tickets!!!
MY PHONE IS FUCKED UP! MY BUTTON TO TURN OFF MY PHONE IS FUCKED UP! -__- I'm starting to hate the iPhone
. my former #pubmedia station, WKAR, has gotten serious about local events + programming; ambitious and good to see.
now that's a good a$$ night! :)
Follow to get an instant follow back!! #Team2Sexy!!
":re "3 more of Obama's prostitution loving Secret Service gone, 9 total so far" But notice media/gov r digging way back now!
Jackson: Supports the motion. So they have enough votes. Only 2 schools MIGHT be closed
probably was
hey big dream aka mr producer in the house lats get this comedy thing rolling people follow me people to success
{ my b-day was the 17th of august..
We have found the Hacker and he has been terminated, sorry everyone once again :(
“May the favor of the Lord our God rest on us; establish the work of our hands for us-yes, establish the work of our hands.” - Psalm 90:17
Incredible recipe for SEARED SCALLOPS!!!!!!!!! HTTP://bit.ly/dpZOJy
Remember, the only constant thing in your relationship is change.
we couldn't agree more!!
followed back :)
the home dog on Thursday night of course!
May help if they took a shot outside the box every now or then. “: Barca needs to change their tempo - it's too predictable”
Happy New Year!!
do you like fuel stops better in f1
you got a point there..
ooh shutup Harold. You know you enjoy it!;)
a smart man once said sumthin bout "an object in motion wants to stay in motion..." momentum baby! keep crushin man!
new York u?
It gets hard sometimes but gotta keep goin
lololololol especially if I'm bored. Pure comedy.
was it because of the rain?
she only made it for one direction ;) same for me
Flying back to NY with the whole band. Tuesday and Wednesday playing !!!! Be there !
yep! And if you're going to Orlando go shopping. Or go to Disney world
Spring shows what God can do with a drab and dirty world. ~Virgil A. Kraft
Wine should help.
So used to having my childhood memories shit on by Hollywood I am numb to news like this
Nuggies look loose tonight or what buddy? Wouldn't mind a little local knowledge when figuring out tonight's plays
Full time workers who retire at age 66 tend to have a retirement income 33% higher than those who retire at age 62. Munnell and Sass (2008)
Just coz! Like meeting new peeps. :)
About to hate RT
im in love with teen wolf im such a wolfie
Did anyone else catch that #pumpedupkicks baseline at this morning? Sneaky
Or the weekend of the 23rd or 24th? DM me with your schedule!
Earliest wake + bake
you know what i can't get, is how some people have the most biggest asses in the world, i mean really though i don't get it. O_o
I have a mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it.
hope every is going all right:)
Forecasts predict rain for Christmas.... every-friggin-year
yo follow back?
Be sure to come to the Maui Mall for a "Weekend of Savings" throughout the mall from March 25 to 27! Get in on all the savings!
I'm having ice cream craveings again uugghh
RT : When I am an old woman I shall wear purple And I shall walk over to your table and verbally assault you if you ruin my lunch
Happy #Easter!!!
ON top OF the world!! haha (slow moment)
Just the best game of this generation!
i sent u the question in a DM so read it lol....
Is it me or is this homeplate umpire an idiot.. now he had to have the manager tell him the count. #wtf how stupid are u blue
so sorry to know this. perhaps you could try the recipe in the whole pet diet. hope it goes well for you! wholepetdiet.com
This weather is incredible! #MiamiRocks!
#Blastoffnetwork just added ThinkGeek to the mall with up to 4% cash back! Check out all the neat gifts they have!
Happy New Year! <3
I Cried When I Saw The Commercial For The New Movie Chimpanzee...
“: You're a 90's kid if you've ever tasted Play-Doh before.” ...
From C.E.O.'s to Celebrity's contact B.C.N.
WHAT?!?!!!! Uh yeah, this needs to happen.
True, but he has the lowest WAR of anyone in the bigs so I think he'd argue with your claim.
HEY EVERYONE PLEASE TWEET '' WELCOME TO BRAZIL BIEBER '' FOLLOW EVERYONE
DJ Shadow
Hey Gale, thanks for the follow, love Dallas!
Heading out.
Bummer about Barca today--did not see game due to travel but recorded it. Flat?
remember what JACK would do.
Yupp about to start cutting ppl off. Starting today a lot of stuff about to change. Don't believe me? Watch!
All I want is to go see Drizzy
Can't take this..
I would love to be in your video! What do I have to do?:)
Just saw rumor that #Jets could be on Hard Knocks again. Please let this happen, I want to see the Sanchize cry on
Let the Sunshine in! Beginning in 2012 most pharma, biotech, medical device & medical supply concerns in the US will be required to...
yes, do it no matter how smelly she is. You know you love her
Woke up an hour early.. Curse you awkward dreams.
Did you receive your TLA 2012/2013 ballot in the mail recently? It must be postmarked by today! And thanks to all who have already voted.
I didn't know u had twitter
Win the cd coming soon details on the Hunter prize pack library!!!
I told you Larkin would be the only person elected
where are you?
WHO'S DOWN FOR A WATER BALLOON FIGHT? I'M TALKIN WORLD WAR LEVEL
cult connections? I'm a cub scout leader, not girl scouts-- hope you're talking about someone else :)
Lol how long are you in jail forr ?
Albeit with wall of 151 vaginas MT : The uber-designed experience at makes me think of Disneyland, x 1000
Its been fun! RT : looking good, feel like I am there
lmfaoXD am glad it did :)
Bad dream :(
WHO ME
“: #MentionTo someone who'll be your best friend forever.” <3
Book it and they will come...
Whenever babe is at work I'm always bored with nothing to do .. That explains why I'm doing homework . (;
I think searching minecraft
When boys can't stand to see you with a sad look on your face. ♥
Vibing with and my homie Richy going thru some home grown beats.
Good luck, dearest! Can't wait to hear all about it! ;-) xoxo K*
The Adamouski will forever promote the visual individual--ADAMOUSKI
Congrats to MBA Dr. Manav Dagar for securing a consulting position at in Mumbai! #urglobal via
hey hey :)
Finally Done With This Dumb Essay ,
#nf follow back cause i misses you!!
If you are working at AT&T, then you do have some experience with the IT industry, though!
Hehe well that's a good thing, isn't it? ;) & I'm just watching tv and tweeting, what about you? ♥
Rondo the best and worst thing to happen to the #Celtics tonight..
All I know is that Vic and Gary had the best morning Sports radio show in Denver and why they're not on the air is nuts.
geez la weez, and Hotch-a-do is closing for 2months cuz of renovation. Its gunna be one vacant corner.
dud you get
lol ok then.
Don’t quit because something went wrong. Quit because you tried your hardest and nothing made it better.
tht was his number cuz Kobys number is on Coles profile.
Haha you gotta stay safe !
And, as blob says, Atkins can be a lifestyle change
Breastfeeding Rocks!!
Let's get to 2K by 7pm and follow his big brother they're both cute and so fine
exactly. They definitely teach you whether you are ready to learn or not.
ugg, that's a tough one. Good luck though!
Dive plays tomorrow night at with !
I saw! Ready for a new wardrobe, eh!? You can sign up on the website- www.trunkclub.com - ask for me!
yeah his line vs aye verb was crazy...
Boise State is looking tough...
Rumor has it that it's 's bday...have a wonderful day, lady!
Woah I've been sitting in traffic through an entire hour-long mix? Never been so calm. #edm But whats going on sd?! Its almost 8!
I think it depends on individual hands. Maybe see if someone will let you play with theirs a bit before deciding?
Right as I'm settling down to get to that thing I've been meaning to do forever someone needs something. Happens every time.
Chapter 2012 85 of 366 The path is clear, it's time to move in quickly...no time for sleep nor slumber
Morning Myrt! It was great meeting you at NGS...here's to hoping it's a little longer than a few minutes next time.
wait what
keep asking a?im dying2kno the answer2but he hasnt seen it then hes answering questions im asleep. WHY DID I STAYUP ALLNIGHT
text me?
Happy Thanksgiving! Have a wonderful and safe holiday.
Nobody knows what you want except for you
I regret even meetin you
#ChristianKKK think "Secular" is the name of the demon who killed the dinosaurs.
yes they do.
and boom.. done.. handle changed across all platforms. i am now: !
Friends and family over to watch the fight tonight!
Happy Birthday to me. I got my freedom.
well well its your birthday and beyonce announces she's pregnant how amazing :') #happybirthdayliam <3
great seminar!
Hey back at ya! And is that the awesome red nose again???
Pujols hit a homer today, which means the '$200M & no HRs' watch shifts to Alfonso Soriano & the large hole in his swing.
Your JUNK is HANGING OUT and showing....blowing in the WIND....TUCK IT BACK IN..... SPIN..
Register for Heirloom Seed Starting– 3/18 2-3pm $4 -Learn about heirloom varieties of garden plants & start seeds to take home. 327-7580
where are you guys seeing it?
Crosby's back, Packers won, it's a great day in sports
are you looking to discover new talent for your next film? you know, hollywood loves an overnight success story ;)
I like a Flo Rida song? I should be put down.
I am awesome, and smudged eyeliner is sexy. Thank you for the affirmation
Thanks! Great session on #drupal at #nagw2011. Lots of govvies working on cool sites. Can't wait to see 'em.
anyone wanna go see Madagascar 3 wiff me? lololol
might cost more tomorrow
messages you on skype..let me know
Rock 'N Blues Jam today at The Farm in Orrville! 1-3pm - BE THERE!
My phones working again :o
Today in Literary History: On April 9, 1929 Paule Marshall (author of BROWN GIRL, BROWNSTONES) was born in Brooklyn.
lmfao I know the feeling Im just out of denial we need the weed lol I tried to stop but that shit dont work lol
“People admire us for the things we stand for, but respect us for the things we won't sit still for.”
in my jammies already too ;p
I know you do. That's my fault. I just have those days where I don't feel like looking at this stupid phone.
Where to publish videos: Blog, SLideshare, Youtube, iTunes, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Linkedin, Tumblr and Vimeo
HE'S A TROJAN OF COURSE! #FIGHT ON!
Just got mine
Stay true in the dark and humble in the spotlight ;) x
such serious faces!!!
FREE PARTY TONIGHT AT THE 804 KUSH AND CIROC BROKE NIGGAS THIS YOUR TIME TO SHINE LOL
they might want to think about an extension now.
QUICK! Everyone overreact, we're doomed!
I'd probably hate it if it was 100% of my job, but I love writing HTML & CSS from scratch.
This is great! Thanks for sharing.
Eves Bayou tne movie is good
LOL want to stay off your "clean up" list!
Be yourself. It's more fun
my dream house is in Miami where it's nice and warm :)
Remember when they said that what we want could never be done? When it all comes falling down, we'll do what we want.
RT : Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart, not someone who plays with it.
should i go to bed????
I'm a cheapskate...uh I mean frugal...so whatever is on sale.
omg ;O i dont know, sorry. i dont have a good idea.
Live those last 3 to the fullest. Your life is almost over as you know it.
Don't dissrupt me when i'm in my luke bryan mode on the bus
I assume you mean to offer if suspension is upheld. Otherwise really should wait for decision. + was in post season anyway.
yeaaahh!! It did ):
youre a twit fanatic
DC It's GORGEOUS outside today!
Lol! I just realized this will be my first summer single, and I can't stop smiling...
MWSA Review Criteria: Do you let the people in the book act out their own story or do you tell it for them?
As long as Tiger and Phil are there, golf it is unfortunately.
I've also become MUCH better informed and more well read since starting on twitter.
You may think that I'm being unfair by posting bad tuts but I am... A: Providing comic relief and B: Saving you time wasted at these sites.
random question but was that Jeff Lisandro playing liars poker with you
I'll take care of you.
Congrats to Ranger Rob: The Movie on the upcoming showing at the Palm Springs Intl. Short Film Fest. 6-21 - 6-27 www.rangerrobthemovie.com
Talking about public transportation planning in urban areas.
Gotta laugh to keep from crying... Big props to my sister for helping me with the Aloe hahaha
Was before he was available ": Last week talked to Jaguars beat reporter She said no real interest in Tebow."
I just hope Brandon Snyder doesn't become the Antwan Barnes of the
Brad is in... Enough said...
Need help boosting your brand's image on social media? is now accepting new clients for full time mgmtt!
This is not the time to get sick :(
Can't stop experimenting with iBooks Author. Lots of promise for museum pubs Ann's interactives here. Great accessibility features.
hi maddie look made a twitter ! She act too and she also sings !Go and follow her ! She will follow you back
Great to be here
It's Dolly's song.
RT Have u seen this playoff resume? RT : Moe Williams would be better
The tangible benefits of your hard work will come soon. Be patient.
is all the way live!
I would think misunderstood by your peers and embraced by the older generations.
Rod Stewart performing tonight in Vegas.
When it comes to me having a good conversation... It won't happen at night.
#erl12 Strawn quotes Walter & Yamamoto "our goal is to effect change, but to be effective we must stand together."
looking forward to our show Saturday night!
same here!!! the puppet always freaked me out!
Uhm... What meeting? And you have 27 more minutes. RT “: so this Friday meeting they will be discussing Saturday?”
I got 308,568 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. im getting better by the minute!
thanks for retweeting me to your 4 followers...
if it wasn't for your Great Grandma, you might not have
"Santa just yammied in your handbag"
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE** #tonefide x1
Lockland bar & grill 713 Wyoming get there tonight . Bad A$$ chicks in the buildin all night an DJ Killa T fuckin it up on the 1's & 2's...
Completed 5 solid hair styles, two of which will only be issued in brown while the others will be a combination of normal and CrAzY colors
Pulling hard for the Magic in support of SVG and protest of DH12.
I want what I can't have.
Funny. I don't remember dunking my head into a bucket of pollen last night.
Solid pitches at tonight's pitch night w/
i love mistletoe!
Not all of it can be written down; that's why there's music and art
If she loves that of what I love, then maybe were seeing the same picture...Just through different lens.
#ThingsiLoveToSee this one girl's smile because I put it there... you know who you are, beautiful
Thank you!
: Won't he shut the fuck up and go ride some females dick like he does....EVERY....SINGLE....DAY,! Yes You Bitch,!!!!!!
Oh I have to watch that. Thanks!!
it's alright, just breathe
Don't ya just love the smell of hubris in the morning RT : : dems got heads handed to them in primary
:) whoop whoop!
ok I wont then just fr u jenna nd elli
Lol. doesn't follow alot of fans. I've met him and he hasn't followed me yet ethier. I'm sure he'll follow you one day.
im getting tired of FAKES on here tring to get people to follow someone by bribing
I gives a fuck bout this game.
A nice ritual and…perfect way to clear your mind. Enjoy, Jess!
Happy First Anniversary!! So glad I got to be a part of your special day. Hope today is wonderful.
looks like Im gonna start working in baytown now new job I can't
I am looking for a Career opportunity. Any advice will be appreciate it. My personal info is located in linkedin. Thanks.
we got that "daaaammnn yall still 2gether?" type relationship
« « Sometimes bridges need to be burned so you don't go down the same path again.»»
yard signs will take longer. Sorry.
Cut off jean shorts and mesh tanktop weather
Music is the poetry of the air.
that means a lot, coming from a library #rockstar such as yourself!
Ready to be bummed out? There's a show called Bikini Barbershop: Jersey.
Speaking of 's TradigitalStories, would LOVE to see/hear literacy narratives about Paper.li + other online curation tools. Share?
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
Definitely a more interesting question.
Down! RT : what up then!! Let's race!!
look forward to seeing you all tommorow.
Do you think machine translators will ever be able to fully replace human translators?
I think you should shoot a short film about the "good time" tours.
lol totally thought of the same thing
The Maury show is pretty much a game show!
Sounds like it's #Coffee O'Clock! ;) Happy Bday to the lil gal!
more like a brain than a bucket (i.e. will have an emphasis on relations between things than on the things themselves)
At polish school with ... :( shit sucks
n GRINDING!!! I see u...lol...bein humble n shit
boyz+are+back =
You only have one life so live it the best you can because you can die at any moment and you don't want to die with regrets.
#WaysToImpressMe be about something!
brother, thank you. Thank you for your service to the Amarican people, and thank you for your service to the Constitution!
- I can't wait to hear lady, you're a fire-starter....blazin'! Hope you made it back safely. Get home soon.
Stoney revives his "What's Your Beef" segment as "What's Your Freakin' Beef?" with Detroit meat shop Ronnie's Meats as the official sponsor.
also thank you for the link last night. It helped!
thanks for the retweet! xo
Who am I?
some green day meehhhbeee
I really shouldnt be watchin a scary movie ryt now!
I think I'm finally gonna get off my ass and go get some carne asada fries.
Oh, you know - supercool. How's the language study coming along?
Heard you were amazeballs!! ^5! RT : Had a blast jamming with last night after the ACM awards.
Looking for support for my new reality show "Can You Spend It" Check it out on Facebook. Hit that "LIKE" button y'all
yes. yummy!
": I tried to follow Niall's girlfriend, but Twitter said "Edit Profile"" <---- THIIIISSSS SO MUCH HAHAH
Thanks ! You too ! RT : "Good morning world" ....have a great Monday."
let's go heat!! Let's go Heat!! LeBron for MVP!! Ring for the King!! I love HeatTv & Hot Seconds w/
no, i'm not doing satanic rituals in my dark office....the fluorescent lights in my office just shine too bright.
Excellent! How is my favorite Laredoian doing?
omg I can't ily
thanks for having faith in me
Ugh that mean I got to get up and go to the store...... Im fat ugh
thanks! I saw your Mother's Day blog about Shayla. Also, just sent you a message on FB with instructions to find pics of Luke.
#CapsNYR nice way to end period 2.
Thursdays are the best, thanks to !
Follow for news updates! On tour dates, single releases and music videos! Thanks Guys!
Join CO Ride to Empower team Fundraising levels from $300 to $4,000 & is all inclusive; hotel, food, flight, bike shipment.
: data publication is not the magic answer (no epistemology for when to publish, shortage of data managers)
No matter what, everyone knows to applaud the drum solo.
Not to be a nostalgic fool, but music videos have lost a little something special now that they're on demand.
Feb 18th you'll get a dose of
Granny want let me help her make my cake...lol... I love this 89 year old lady...
it has been a pretty good day c: i talked to him and i realized a lot
I'd much rather lay in bed watching ridiculousness with Michael than participate in the party going on in my apartment.
Cahill walks #JimThome putting men on first and third with two outs. Santana at the plate for the Tribe. #MLB 2-0 Tribe
How dogs can save us from ourselves - Drinking With Miss Dutchie by Ed Breslin
Ok time to head home
Michelle Rhee: How long did she last as a teacher? Too many NONeducators in the mix. It's really about a PowerShift
you forgot to take your movies! When I first told you to take them, you should have took them! Bitch.
hahaha ,how did you know it was there
Hoy vi The Avengers♥ ft. Mi mami♥.....
thanks for your response however i'm unable to send her a direct message because she's not following me...
can't wait to get out there and see ya !
hey girlie...I heard it was your birthday-HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! ENJOY YOUR DAY!!!!
We used tools in the past to leverage our muscles. We use tools today to leverage our minds. -- Bill Gates
DOWNTOWN would be a great escape RIGHT NOW or just some open road
I will lln
Ditto! RT : Thanks to our friends at for the tour this afternoon!
Hi Michael how's your day going?
We train in other cites when a host partners with us or a district hires us to come out and train their teachers. FL not now.
hahaha this made me crack up
Need Social Media Measurment/Metrics expert. Work WITH technology on social media metrics. Strong leadership/solution skills. DM me please?
Amazing cellist/vocalist at Cafe Ballou RIGHT NOW. Showed up out of nowhere and I'm the only one here. Arthur Russell meets Nico. Seriously.
Sunday morning but I don't feel like going to church 😞 I love Jesus, but the people there suck👎
HEY I JUST MET YOU
on top of having this horrible cold, my stomach is now hurting. this sucks. -Hannah
Going need to eat fruit and veggies for 5 months to recover
Munchie Express is staying busy til 3AM, give us a call!
Bring your tanning oil and sunscreen and come cheer our reserve team on as we take on Colorado at 6
Waiting outside the theater for #hungergames to end. Me & about 20 parents in minivans.
RT : Everyone has that one friend that thinks they know about everything!!!
oh! I'll email you a full PDF version from my computer tonight. It's a great read.
April's Showers bring a great Special--25%off all Retail purchases!! Now that's a shower of savings!! #comeonbyandvisit!
Got a question about your coverage? Need information about a policy? We’re right here to help. Our goal is your satisfaction. 405.513.6588
haven't even got my costume yet!
Also, I sent someone your way referring them to your Citi Field guide. So you may hear from a Matt.
Oh Mitt. Do you really want to talk about firing people again?
Auction this weekend going on with Doug Vaughn BK Items. He gets most of the proceeds from the sales proceeds. Interesting.
Not precisely.
Thanks for the recommendation! RT : check out to start! Good luck!
is hilarious!
everyone please follow my very first twitter buddies > they are very nice, sweet, and follows back too
Thanks for the RTs!
Right! Same here I remember him talking about how Liev was in that movie Sphere and I didn't make the connection
On our way to set up or Staff Retreat!!! Keep us in your prayers!!!
WILL follow me someday ! #Believe !
I have it.
I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza.
Maybe...? :) cc: #TWolves RT Planning Wolves Live pre-game for we may talk Kevin Love?!?
My amazing friends spoiled me at yesterday for my birthday! Food was delicious and the staff so gracious! Perfect evening.
"You never do quite prepare yourself enough to receive our Lord."
real talk tho.... I wouldn't trust a drug free producer with my joints if I was an artist lol
Yup yup! :) S/O to new follower!...Welcome :)
I forgot what an alarm clock sounded like....until today -_- Spring break is officially over.
Are you sure your educated? Because your previous statement makes no sense...
Two words: flip cup
hello,thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti, much love!! Why do you love going into the wild??
Is anything going to fucking work for me tonight?
someone give me a hundred grand so i can buy a place in Joshua Tree
At UMBC's Center for Art, Design and Visual Culture, MFA exhibition featuring art by Gary Kachadourian and others - bit.ly/tFCe1
Superbad is still so funny. i can't handle it.
Loving this #miami weather...almost feels like summer is around the corner...
Time to get incoherent and write an academic paper.
A plane ticket for Wednesday instead of Saturday!
#Miami Marlins are looking sharp!
All I know is I don't want this night to end ;)
ok and ur running my battery down lol
you are missed at Sensor's tonight...
I saw that too - thought that was a little sad for the O's.
So uhm do you guys like sworn in by chance?? :)
Thanks for the kind words!
Oh yeah, fair play
Great work! We couldn't have done it withOUT you. Looking fwd to day 2 (& 3, & 4, etc.)
Get in!
Volume is fine, not putting everyone to sleep with your zombie chant, better!
I wish it was normal for college students to take tumbling classes. I miss it.
Thanks for spreading the word
Yes! A well-done accessibility-related podcast would be wonderful.
I know! She just doesn't do status updates, even on FB.
ASOS DEAL! Start the weekend early and celebrate St Patrick's Day with 20% off when you enter code STPADDYS at checkout.
The EWCA Civ rules in Kookmin Bank case involving an issue of construction of a provision in an advanced payment bond: [2010] EWCA Civ 582.
I'll be downloading the whole audiobook. The excerpt sounded awesome. Despite not listening to it in it's entirety yet I'd recommend it!
Affiance! Hell yeah!
fa sho, i will most definitely check it out. Preciate u reach'n out, I'll keep u posted fam.
Ronald Reagan also raised taxes and the debt ceiling.
Foul by Terry, never close to crossing the line. WTF.
in AC this week!!!! <33
#WaysToGetOFFthePhone my mom on the other line and have them on hold for for ever
Brock Lesner is exactly what the WWE needs. A villain character who goes over the edge and pisses everyone off. He has made WWE better.
Saints are kicking my ace on Madden right now. I updated my roster! SEAN PEYTON SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED ON THE SIDELINES with his visor.
. just gave awesome talk at #jdcdc. Used random FAA data to keep tabs on where POTUS goes.
when does the island close? I have maybe three arches left. :-/
Meek Mill- Dreamchaser2
You're just a torn up page in my book that I'm not turning back to.
Looking forward to a weekend of holiday cheer.
Suffolk: one look at Gina's blog and its salivating pictures and recipes ought to make you want to eat with her!
Wtf I can top that
Which lunchbox did ya choose?? :)
Good look on the interview fam!! Keep it 100!!~
“: What???! demi lovato AND britney spears are the new judges on XFactor??” so awesome!!!!!
That is a deep, appalling tragedy.
ROCK STAR WEATHER 2day! 57°F! That's right :) It's so amazing there is snow on the Sandias & almost 60° weather in
dm me ur # got the hookup out there
At AIM Digital Day, stop by if you're in London!
without me, its just aweso.
Thanks so much! Great to know all of our hard work has paid off!!
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Friendship Tea 4.56 / 5 Stars | 39 Reviews by Julie "This is a lemony spiced tea mix with cinnamon and clove tha
LOL RT : It's now 14 minutes past 4:20 on 4/20. Pizza delivery guys, I hope you have a full tank of gas.
Was the 3 on the way and 57 on the way back? ;)
3 days of Altitude Training in Colorado Springs
Thats not good. Dont let it dry or its a trip to hospital for you!x
LOL did she hurt herself? :P
fixing my dad's computer/ipod/itunes
tpain always has the hottest hats.
You can't blame others for the consequences of your decisions....being an adult is not about fun and games.
I hate not being able to practice
Mark your calendar because Team Trinity will make a significant appearance at the Bishop's 5K for Kids on May 19 in West Hartford.
I heard she likes it rough! RT : You should stay away from Leesa then. She likes to play rough.
The RSVP due date isn't for another week or so and we already have 87% of them back. That has to be some kind of a miracle.
the car can be replaced, you can't. Glad you're okay.
#TheySay everything happens for a reason. So let's just MAKE this happen and find out the reason later.
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN it would make the best Christmas ever <3 I love you! & the only thing I asked for Christmas was 1 of ur shirts
This is a great game. And normally people only call games great when the score is 48 - 45.
I SEEN 's VIDEO " HOUSE PARTY " IT'S REALLY GOOD (: I LIKE IT JAWAN GREAT JOB ^.^
It's an irrational, fiery disdain as hot as a thousand burning suns.
I remember that article, but who is St. Robinson?
Kick off this summers festival season with Reclaiming Our Heritage Sat &Sun at Soldiers Home www.forohmilwaukee.org/Home_Page.php
Stormy day! Wish I could go play in it in a white dress
Britney and Demi Lovato new judges on Xfactor...YEA can't wait to NOT watch the show..they paid too much $$ for those talent less people
LOL oh right. Black dude.
Whats really unfortunate is that Gary Johnson and Buddy Roemer never had a chance. Our media's negligence is bordering on criminal
What are you wearing???
Fantastic job as
Thanks for your excellent EAD revision updates! This west coaster is praying for you all.
i just saw u on worldstarhiphop.com and you got azz like Pinky!!!DAAAAAAYYYYUUUUMMMM!!!!!
alright! I'll text you.
I'm about to deck a bitch.
yeah you need it.
I AM SO STUPID AND NASTY HAHAHAH
who gives
Mr. B soon to come on stage, and this crowd is waiting, eager. They're singing back to "daylight come"
“: i want some catfish....” hell yeah
I guess so... he's short enough to be one ;)
Kim and Kanye sittin' in a tree, S-E-L-F-A-G-G-R-A-N-D-I-Z-I-N-G!
doing well. Gonna be heading out to LA later this year...will definitely have to get you in front of my camera when I am.
So glad took me to the concert! It was a night of beautiful music and killer dance moves.
Thanks HB! How's your Friday going?
Cowboys of coarse! !!
I love the loose moose in shawano and so does
If you are interested in partnering with Overcoming Childhood Obesity taking place October, please send me a message.
A great way for brands to create authenticity and transparency is by not only posting but also responding to others & customer inquiries.
When I was a kid, all we had was HTML, none of this HAML nonsense. And you know what? We liked it.
This game is fun!
is that last stat of current cell phone users or all americans? I think that 1 in 3 americans hv cell phones
The more I think about the coding style / writing rules analogy, the more I like it. Thanks!
Pirates of Silicon Valley!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Have an ICONic/Nicholicious bday!! :)
I don’t understand why they would need a replay review to figure out what everyone already knew: David Ortiz is a big man.
I knows :3
them abused dogs commercials are so deppressing
Now following
#ThoughtsWhileRunning I wanna stop
Just Heree Alonee In My Room and Hearing To My 1D Cd (;
Another mom said she *thought* she could remember to pick up my kid from school, and she would do it if I trusted her to remember.
Exactly! I totally agree with that!
new black mamba f2 goin.g for 50$ here in wisco..crazy..
NO MOM GO AWAY, just kidding I love you.
do you keep this tweet in your favorites?
Wishing I was in Santa Barbara right now... :)
k that was pretty dank, can't go wrong with Mediterranean
Twitter Coupon- Two for one today. Expires at 2 pm today. coupon number 07201400
Hakeem Nicks doing the dirty bird to rub it on the Falcons faces.
My pleasure, Javier! Thanks so much for inviting me!
Just pointing out, we talk of "free" software as if the $ involved is the same. One OS only = the accounting isn't so simple.
u always start with me lol 😒u ain't 💩💩
i need a boy who can sing Yellow by Coldplay to me. this would make my life.
Nickelback on the juke machine... It's not me playing that shit
Uncomfortable morning...
GL to and Jordan Lewis at FT of Irish Open.
my life!! When one is 2.5 and the other is 16 months they're both "two." Double the fun for me! :)
if you only knew the real me...
We do oppose SW plan for #WI and we're to help you grow your rare flowers when you get them.
Coachella Birthday Party... woo.
do you know the flight info for when the boys arrive in nyc tomorrow? :)
Dear Dan, We have tried to reach you by email for Hadoop opportunity, Kindly have a look at that. Thanks!
R.I.P. AMY WINEHOUSE
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you at the show!
Come tweet with us !
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think your cock is bigger than mine
Its Less Than Two Days Before Prom & I Don't Know How I'm Getting My Hair... think, Think, THINK!
And the residents of DC don't count as the so-called "people?" What about their voice, ?
I want someone to look at me the way Freddie looks at Effy...
#AWOW getting sexy
This bug has my number.
Gearing up for a busy April so we're massively following! Hollywood needs you! Look out for our new UR Hollywood Blog next month
ehhh. I don't believe that! It is just an awful fake word
Ahh gotcha thanks, Otherwise I was like is going to live blog the music playing on the call haha.
thanks congrats to u too, ur going to Clark right?
U taught me how to love, hate,and forgive
Drop by Grand Central this afternoon and say Hi to Alex at the Land Yoga Earth Day table and get 10% off.
With all their misses in the 1st half, the disappointment of the US Women's Soccer team was bound to happen.
OH OH. never mind
Fans of - get 2-for-1 tix for tonight's show at - mention "Descuento Libre" at the door!
There's nothing more challenging than listening to people speak confidently on topics about which they haven't any substantive knowledge.
Awww(: no problem babe(: But you were always pretty to begin withh(:
#ebww peeps, What is the scoop on pen names for humor writers? Good or bad?
Are you going to try to take your iPhone to France?
you doing freestyles?
I'm a horrible host
Jason ! I Cant Find Myself Under Your The Following Page . Oh Thats Right You Dont Follow Me :-(
Catherine Zeta Jones is absolutely gorgeous
Why is it so hard to find a recent coffee shop around here...
Cancer threatened a local man's life, then a miracle saved him. Find out how special donations gave him a second chance Tonight at 10,TMJ4
Finished all my work... Got my grades up to #happy :)
law librarians work to connect internal and external information
Jelani's mix-tape drops in match! be on the look out!
Hollys Red Rooster currently closed reopening soon as Timmy G'a under new management.
OH: I'm doing my Shawshank and digging with a spoon.
Wait, is the Cooke nomination for an award for "perseverance, dedication, and sportsmanship" in the #NHL an April Fool's joke?
Awww, what a nice #FF. Thank you Paula! xoxoxox
likewise! Look forward to someone being willing to debate me soon! Great to meet you.
okay i did all of those ! now can you follow me please? that would just make my whole life.
You can't get everything you want...but sometimes, you can get just enough, and you'll just have to settle with that.
Don't you hate when people pronounce apartheid or Neanderthal incorrectly? No? So.. it's just me, then.
i'm only there sunday, so i hope that's when.
But I wish I can tolerate veggies and fruits like u u r so lucky! RT thats all i eat xD
Nicely done! RT “: Dear , it's both dangerous and illegal to hang marketing banners from overpasses.
omg lol, i love you.<3
": Up like I ain't gotta work tomorrow wit playing bowling on her phone #funthough" it really was!!
it's on!
1st wrld problems, A? typical sxsw story we hike for miles &amp; finally get a cab THEN a shuttle to reach seth troxler at
u have an iPhone 4 too???? U should facetime or ustream!!!
was requested by someone in room
What time? Hope to make it - love seeing your represent San Diego!
"Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things." - Peter Drucker
Sunday of the Last Judgement (Mt. 25:31-46): "inasmuch as you did it to the least of these My brethren, you did it to me.”
Use vanilla extract to sooth cooking burns &to keep from blistering. Just dab on the burn, reapply if necessary.
I was higher than a Georgia pine!
We learn this #spiritual program as we learned 2 ride a bike or 2 swim. We learn it by doing it & by following the example of others.
unobtanioum. get it right.
when i was seven, my uncle tommy molested me. JK! APRIL FOOLS! (it was actually uncle gene and i dont understand how april fools day works.)
uh um this is all a dream styles
do u think he is gone??
just finished #Veep no. 2. Loved them both.
I'm pretty sure I never said he was the reason but thank you for the Twitter technical advice.
Will do! Appreciated your reaching out.
Can't. He gave some left at our house at a party to a friend to drown her slugs.
I plan to get my 7-speed Scattante Roma out for a leisurely neighborhood ride today, free of racing ambition.
my favorite FFs were 7 & 8. I love the prequel to 7 too.
finding out about those two being together gave me hope but now i'm just like ehh.
I don't know ask him
RT: you and me....I want that<3
I never heard of him either.
LA Poker Classic continues with more events this week..look out for our Drawn Dead Pro in the next tourney. Drawndead.net
OK, I just hit 1,000 LinkedIn connections. NOW have I beat you? Someday I'll overcome my Azaroff-complex. Therapy. Lots of therapy
hey thanks! That was such a fun show.
Who's ready for the weekend?
Why is it that when you tell someone you're going to do something if they don't behave properly, and then you do it, why are they surprised?
council,elected to represent citizens barely has visible presence on city website. Maybe we should hang w susi b for covrg.
Also, Marvin Hamlisch? Really funny. I had no idea.
RT Creative commons is the judo throw against copyright, David Wiley
"I am no longer human. I am hoarse." Shit says
I definitely follow people who I do not know, but the info they share is useful or interesting.
So disrespectful.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 22
Ain't that the truth. When Kylie screamed when I picked her up Friday night… *sigh* She's fine now, back injury.
Yea, It's Friday night! Like a typical Mom I am spending the night watching cartoons with my kids and doing laundry. What are you up too?
talk about distracting!
lmao, nick mara is my boyfriend. amber is his wife's friend :D
not sure yet but somewhere on that side.
just let it happen boo.
RT : RT : Great new analysis on the long-term value of a college education by Brookings: tinyurl.com/6lx3cl2
Im telling you that this little stretch is tough... Time to wait for a sign... Ive done all I can
Your dad is a wise man and a great father. You will learn from him, then someday you will be an amazing mother!!
different day
Google tunes up Chrome's JavaScript engine | Deep Tech - CNET News news.cnet.com/8301-30685_3-2… via
Humane Society had a litter of 4 who's owner just got evicted.
Well...I have jury duty. Comfortable in the waiting room, but I don't like the uncertainty.
Always great to meet with The man knows his
haha that's one way of looking at it. I think I may be a little too mature to settle for that tho, even here.
We thank him for his service. RT : Today I lost my grandfather, and the world lost a WWII hero who was on the beaches on Normandy
I didn't know you were so protective of & Alex lol
Would you say naked toes tend to flirt a lot? Yep! They always seem to get the right attention, from the grazers.
"Feet: the hands of the south of you."
oh man that might encourage some folks I know...
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll be healthier!
Why is it that more white people traditionally vote Republican?
last day at work...goodbye lunch with my department colleagues.
Google building data center in Iowa
true true!
what about the crew then?
I'll email you the details once I know my schedule that weekend.
SO NICE ON HOME ICE
Top-secret project or softball team?
That was a helluva catch @ the back of the endzone by williams...
Not a problem dude, I appreciate that
Is it moving north? I'm hoping to stays away from for the game tonight.
Ayy THAT BITCH BETTERR BE COOL.
since September I think? Because Huan left and our other guitarist Matt we kicked out because he chose his gf over the band.
See you tomorrow in all your after Drais glory!
It's a John Coltrane and Ahmad Jamal kind of day.
Getting ready to head south to Conference in Orlando - come visit us at Booth 1412!
fight me jamie
anybody elses sprint phone acting up?
RT : Yahoo reports, and I have confirmed the upped offer from Knicks to Nuggets for Melo.
tweet tweet tweet!
doing what I can to bring amusement to peoples lives today haha.
Rondo is either a complete bonehead or a complete genius. Right now, he's the bonehead.
NHL - Finland edge out win over Slovakia
can u pleas follow me I have been tweeting you so many times that u hope u would notice my tweets
yes, thanks for reaching out > re: transparency w/PAC donations
Sphyx: Just Squeaked, Just Got An Email From Guild Wars 2, Beta Test Confirmations Going Out Shortly And Im On The Waiting List XD Woot
Wiley & Sons wants to divest itself of Webster’s New World "assets." That's the dictionary of record for AP, NYT, et al....
yummy Eva, love those #ikea meatballs. Enjoy your evening :)
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote – “Nuts” – General McAuliffe at the Battle of the Bulge – 1944.
Had an awesome time in MN with visiting and Jay!
The weather is great!!! Come on out today for Cascade Sports Car Club racing followed up by late night drags!
Ouchy, my eye.
Why am I up?
reading, well listening to, a book about the folly of reading books, How to Talk about Books You Haven't Read,
You know its gunna be a good week when prom and your birthday are in the same week
Although we cannot always control the events in our lives, we can always control our response to them, and the actions we take as a result.
ask about soccer, she knows all about it.
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him ♥♥♥♥♥16
": This place is either truly based on the honor system or Im on #WhatWouldYouDo.. Cashier went to the bathroom.. welp. #denver"
script ....and directing on my mind.
I'll be interviewing (Rodrigo y Gabriela) today before their show at #RadioCityMusicHall - any questions?
I have three...am I fucked or totally amazing?
Thanks Cathy!
this is the first time i was actually able to successfully research and be on twitter at the same time!
On the way to Owensboro early this AM. Will be campaigning at the Barbecue fest before Will Carle's wedding tonight.
Thank you for everything! You guys are amazing!
Congratulations to Leeann Hunter for winning the Multimodal Innovation Award from Georgia Tech's Writing & Communication Program. Yea!
Tonight was a treat
even told me, ‘Stay close by my workers until all my harvest is finished.’” 22And Naomi answered her daughter-in-law Ruth, “It
thinking about that person who stole my heart .... YES!
Any Starkids going to the Indy show tomorrow?!?! :D
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 2
BC/GT game today. Will be rootin for you cuz!
Damn Triple H just got F'd by Brock Lesnar.
That's so awesome!
Ben Nelson is as much of a Democrat as which pretty much sums up several problems.
i told Charles i was gonna mask up & rob that 1 dude.... i was so serious tho
Mornin, thx 4 the rt. Do u have an ipad? Just got one and love Flipboard—presents twitter links w content—like a newspaper.
keep your ex-internet boyfriend out of this !
'Should' implies an option. There's not. It's mandatory.
1 more half
Good Morrow To You , U R Welcome Sir Hinton
Children are unpredictable. You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
I had a first this weekend. Someone saw me drinking coke in a bar and asked me if I were a Mormon.
Clip just aired!
whenever a man wants me they have to want me for me not because of what i look like
Day 64 of 100: I am thankful for a rainy warm day
At QP symposium today we have 3 prezis and 1 custom made Flash QP. Great progress towards alternative forms of scholarship and presentation.
Spectacular partnership between and It's all about collaboration, folks.
No problem! Keep up the great work.
Back in The City tomorrow.....YAY!!!
Timelines. Interactive timeline by Br. designer CassonMann in Churchill exhibit in Imperial War Museum fascinating & easy to use.
If you're not outraged by gas prices...check your pulse. $41 for my little car?
David Wallace died yesterday
That deer is eyeing up my Chobani.
got a new plugin fragrance for my office last week... Makes me smile every morning to walk in to a roasted, marshmallowy wonderland:)
I see you!!
#AllianceSummer Council votes unanimously to proceed w/ procurement of shared ILS
Where are we? Purgatory. Clock is ticking on Marie's prospects for redemption. After a life of prostitution & mental hospitals, Marie dies
do you know when the show #MagicCityTV is going to air in France? Hooked everybody up to the show:)
wanna. Know what I do?
cool thanks
First paycheck today!
I would be scurred! Haha! I forgot to tell you, my ghost is gone! It just up and left! :D
I love you. It's that simple, and that complicated.
Go Radio >
I loved all of the three previous books. A series. Stalking Susan, Missing Mark, and Silencing Sam.
oh my
Who would just love it 16 years from now chloe moretz as lara croft tomb raider remade even better she would be the perfect fit for it
So did I. RT : Rush, I lost an ovary to cysts. I'm on Pill to keep from losing other one. That ovary does NOT accept your apology.
Letras Latinas to co-host Cynthia Cruz, J. Michael Martinez, Maria Melendez and unconfirmed prose writer on 8/16 in mid-town @ Bryant Park
happy hump day to you too!! :)
can't wait for #keigwancokencen - with and Jessica, ladies!
#favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy.. when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like "love u love u LOVE U!" <3
Psalms 119:105 Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path.
Can't wait to return!!!! I pray that you're well.
“Start by doing what is necessary, then what is possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible”. St. Francis of Assisi
To the window...
Please follow me.!
- where'd that come from?
You don't know him. Just shut up.
Good evening, I'm Paul -- -- the new administrator of the Austin Meetup group Motion Picture Professionals --
I hear you, sadly. I can't say too much in a public forum, but I totally get what you are saying. FAIL!
There's always the people who make a big deal, the people who complain because it's not a big deal & the ones who don't give a fuck.
Kate Winslet may be starring in SKYLIGHT with Bill Nighy, but it is unconfirmed whether the production would play the West End or Broadway.
My brother just told me he received notice that one of his loan recipients died in a car accident. So tragic!
Yes! Breaking tackles all the way ;)
18 days left till Christmas!! Still more shopping to do!!
thank you everyone for your support today. I'm happy to announce...my exam is postponed (late breaking prof unavailabilities)
This office smells life paint eww places i would rather be anywhere with
Let's go Grizz!!
absolutely right. What a terrible decision to speak there and awful choice of words.
Beautiful day in DC. Life is good, my friends.
This is my official birthday week and I'm super excited about it! Can't wait to celebrate at Carnivale and VSL!!!! :)
Another T-Bird signed today! Congrats to Oscar Iraheta on becoming an official member of #TBIRDNATION The Mens team is coming along NICE!
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans
Bears, McClellin agree to terms - ESPN
You're my soul mate.
Sadly, today will be the first time I attend a funeral service for someone younger than myself...praying that i can be strong for the family
RT : RT : ...“Design-Bid-Build” should be re-titled “Design-Bid-Rebid-VE-Rebid Again-Slam Together”
Vacation photos stuck in that black hole you call a computer? We can help.
yeeeaaaaaaaah buddy! With and
The Baltimore region received 8 inches of snow on April 9, 1884.
have you been spying on me again?! Lol
Don't be afraid to take a big step when one is indicated
I cannot watch Dante Taylor play basketball anymore. Does this dude know that Pitt is playing for their lives??
I was just followed by I know would find this amusing as he believes I'm deaf.
I wanna feel better like right now! Any tips? :(
Thank you! :D
God is so incredibly good to me I feel his overwhelming love for me today :)
Waiting for what you really want versus what you want right now.
New Girl and Raising Hope tonight!!!
Oh my! Well get better and merry Xmas!!
dude your missing out on some sexy chicas right now at the @ papercutmag party.. you should be here!!!
Bitch you wasn't with me shootin in tha gym!
was watchin boise vs georgia on youtube, he did look real good in that 2 pt stance. He def could be a beast!
Ladies! Shame shame! Miss you both.
it was a ton of fun indeed! see ya next time!
Cooking is a challenge when you don't know how to start, so we're here to help. Visit our Simple Cooking With Heart section for some easy...
Looking for a business to be the exclusive grill/smoker sponsor of this year's Great exposure to hundreds of #BBQ fans!
Oh no !!! Tragic
She is indeed. :)
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
Judges...please put 12 hours on the clock...And begin.
Recording guitar parts, producing drum parts
Hahah seriously! Has your wallet recovered? Luckily the payment plan only requires 20% down
Hahaha! RT: whenever my wife listens to Adele I feel like she's about to leave me.
So true! “: I can't think of the last time i've been pushed to examine my own beliefs in an entertainment venue."
“: and my crew!!!” <---Follow these guys! #butItAintFriday... #sowhat followweds
never mind, it is LAUSD :|
Congrats! RT : I can safely say I'm joining an "exclusive" club with Warren Buffet, George Bush, and Shaq... #MBA done
It's Archie #627 - So I believe that is the end of December! So long to wait!! :-)
Gevey pro u can buy it on our site or our eBay store.
Juicy knows your family, your girl and more will miss you, but he "Won't Miss Ya" and provides video proof that he won't
Thanks for Mention , Hope you are doing well :)
Also, The French Socialist Party is not the 1905 Socialist Party, either, so... ;p
I've grown a mullet and I've worked at Chic-fil-A. In honor of the Ben Folds Five reunion, I'll grow a mustache too.
sometimes my monologues are awesome and I told a painful story about my "troubles"
On my way to Flappers in Burbank to see the comedian who bought my jokes do her first 20 minute set. Yay!
Reading Grendel, by John Gardner, very entertaining and original :-)
live long enough you'll make mistakes if you learn from them,you'll be a better person its how you handle adversity not how it affects you.
Where have you been? I don't see your tweets anymore :/
Getting in the game, VINEYARD STYLE, I am thankful!
I repeat, I hate most of my family.
6 MORE DAYS OMFG I CAN'T CONTAIN MY EXCITEMENT
Internet access in contact lenses according to Michio...imagine the possibilities
Yessir, Capes told me. I seen not too long ago too. Power moves my G...that is major!
yes so tired of always being connected to the outside world.
Aye You Remember Said "Got Damn Ol Milwaukee Buckin Boee"
have don!
Just got home from seeing a great little musical /play in the Larchmont area of L.A. Had a fun time with friends.
Tweet on not writing sensical tweet connecting Faye Reagan + Big Crux 7" is my Twitter version of kid writing how-to essay on how-to essays
Art night at right now. Bring your craft/art project to work on here.
YES! Get it!!(: haha
The best ideas come as you fall asleep.
The thought of checkers fries got my mouth watering
text me?
False, our closet is STUFFED with your clothes.
haha I never did sex stuff. Get it straight. K. And I deleted your number a while ago. So bye.
Nugget Nectar now on draft. Come and get it.
honestly. Not at dhs
RT : Practice loving everybody all the time (leave the judgement @ home). But only hang w/people who inspire u
Gitelman focuses on the nails themselves that are left behind on utility poles in order to think about how new media are not really "new."
Chilling with they're awesome
nothing but!
Chipotle should deliver.
Tonight's pitching match up. T Lilly (3-0) #LAD vs B Zito (1-0)
Hi Erin, big fan of the EP and would love to help spread the word. Any interest in doing an email Q+A for our site?
Opening! SENIOR COMPLIANCE OFFICER, NYC: Working for a global trading firm. Broker-dealer, global trading, technology experience JD or MBA.
New CandySwipe game comment in the #android market: "I like this game is really fun I never get bored with this app. Good job" by Brita
Did u know that Disney is now allowing Cast Members to have beards, etc. I didn't realize they couldn't, but I wonder what Walt would think!
Going to bed before 10 -.-.
Dwayne Wade said you can tell that something was wrong with Chris B. by looking at his face, dude, no matter what, he looks like a high fish
"It's August 1...what have I DONE this year?"
lol why must i be so incredibly awkward. i always tend to make a fool out of myself!
vs. is under way… who's it gonna be?
& hes surprisingly a comics comic ive seen him rework the same jokes several times searching for better punches
On #gears3 you don't want none!
welcome! take care!
Miss you too! RT : WE NEED YOU BACK SIMON!!! THIS IS RUBBISH!!!!
falling out of love is hard falling for betrayal is worst
One way is that it gets offenders out of prison, the so-called "school of crime", thus preventing further criminality.
Currently in the toilet taking a dump. I am defecating. Wow my poop burns due to too much spicy foods
I would bet that when a mummy poops, it comes out looking like a burrito
Bumping 's new album #BlackRadio well done and company
Time for a Pabst Blue Ribbon
So many shots in Herzog films should be captioned, "Yes, but what does the animal in the room think?"
Nopee Look At Our Defense . Dude Fisher Is Shitty Lmao
Snooze so hard
Dear baby Zekk & Zakk, mommy loves you with her whole heart. Despite everything; you two are my world & my life. Grateful your apart of me.
Lined up our last speaker! Have a great lineup for IgniteATL
Did you get to meet at the Musicares event a few years ago? I know you performed for her.
Ready for the Autumn Wind to bring football season this way
": mavericks go home & spurs advance>>>> #bestfeelingever👏👏👏👏" hell yea #SpursNation!!!
#NSHMBAU Looking forward to Salsa tonight!
r u knwdgble on bootlegs? is $26 good 4HQ dvd of UCAP show? happy 2 share w/u if i get one. sorry about msu...didnt c that coming
great idea from the bachelorette recap on : ABC's new sitcom pilot, Douchebag and the Mask.
It's not too late...call for Fellowship Night reservations!
by the way, the chocolate with vanilia swirl by swiss miss are the best snack packs!
“: Lmao #duringsex she asked me how did I kno how to do dat”....... I like that one.. Lol
7 more days.
Super excited going to the first carnival of the season on Saturday :)! Been waiting for this since last summer!
How the fuck you don't look nothing like your pics!!!!!!!!!! o_O
The reason I don't get notification on my youtube account of ...
Ol' Al Czervik. Classic.
CHECKING THESE GREAT ARTIST , AND ALL THERE WORK IS AMAZING ! THANKS EVERYONE YOU ROCK !
RT : THANK YOU for an AWESOME time at TEEN HOOT last night! That show was AMAZING!
You should take your own advice.
Ooh, new followers as a result of
liked! Good job by the way!!(:
Watching HBO's Game of Thrones! Winter is Coming.
haha! Tim Misny is totally a CLE celebrity. Just made me laugh so hard. Have u ever seen comedy group Last Call Cleveland??
your so awesome, totally made my day :-)
I just want to say that any girl who has ever been told your ugly or not worth it you are stay beautiful <3
i cant believe Vicki told Briana to "Bring it on"
What a great cause! Enjoy yourself!
Knock knock
WashPo Social Reader didn't expect to grow as much as it did so prepare for success!
hanging out at the Curran's today.
I'm happy that your happy that I'm happy.
If you're planning to coming out tonight or tomorrow keep in mind that all concessions must go! Drink up me hearties yo ho
What A Boring Day
do do that voodoo that you do so well
Im not arrogant
Okay so, I might cry when I wake up in the morning. I did this before..I do not want to go to school.
I like this pic of you!
Nice quote Larry typical Yogi!
Got my stickers in the mail today. Thanks!
Harden will be highly motivated to show Metta how good he is, and the Lakers will have to respond on the road
The girl in the Hunger games is so hot
“: nope. That guy's hair is too long. Tim's was the perfect length #longhairdontcare” AMEN.
How goes the ficcing?
kid I'm serious legggo bang
When im hungry I always grab a bag of takis❤ that's when they taste the best!
Protect your girl, respect your girl, accept your girl but never neglect your girl.
#thxs 4 mt have a good day
you need an unlock not a jailbreak to use T-mobile service.
Although I agree that certain configurations that work best for real time coms can give you issues at the initial sign up time.
RT : Thank you & for providing prizes at the #FairMoms party w/...
Maybe I'm not utilizing it correctly.
my best friends wedding venue accommodated my paleo lifestyle by giving me a "paleo plate" for no xtra charge to my friends!
#2012 Year of In Union!
A4 Social+mobile According to 45% of FB & 55% Twitter traffic is mobile!
Today's lunch a delicious cheese & onion enchilada from Efrain's. Skipped co. lunch, feeling a tad
Really can't wait for my birthday so I can see that one person who is really all over my mind.
hey where's my love lol Im the one who drove her there
Lots of exciting stuff happening at Proud to be a part of it. Hopefully, I'll have a way for all of you to play a part, too. Soon.
Happy Friday, everybody! :)
Prout ends it :45 into OT on a power-play goal! 3-0 and in 1st place in the West
As a Bengals fan, I am surprised Mike Brown was capable of pulling off what he accomplished in this draft!
drop us a line for more info. Newarkpulse
Now sharing a change model as a demo of teaching something using a highlighter in Adobe Connect.
super duper sad face:(((((((((((( come on Dave make it happen!
I need believe tickets like asap please. <3
Bring On Some Pie In a Few Hours!
Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 @ CLUB DREAM
They still lookin for his ass; awh man...
ENGAGE your students - they need it - they desire it!
3 weeks ago the packers went on to win the super bowl.
Hubby was channel surfing and saw infomercial for 10 min trainer. He says I got 10 minutes to workout. Can't WAIT to see his results.
Happy Birthday Kurt Cobain.
Sure call whenever.
Rasheeda wallace love those heels u had on last nite at that BBking show, u did your thing baby !
"one of the premier commandments of dictionary making: don't define a word using a harder word" From A.Word.A.Day
haven't seen you all in 6 years-- looking forward to the show tonight!
Affinities & alliances between Middle East, surf rock, Greek culture in "Miserlou"; sampled in Pulp Fiction soundtrack
That wasn't a earthquake. That was me in this Music Industry BLOWING UP!
BREAKING: Wade Phillips fired after Cowboys 1-7 start.
Never seen that done before. Great idea!
well Ill tweet u later. I had a work out & Im going to take a quick shower
You Gad Damn Right.!!
Raul got him tonight. Sat down at the bar, Felix's Maddux-esque inner-black fb to swisher first thing I saw. Ibanez second
Joing us for 9am mat pilates this morning. New clients: 1 week free of unlimited group classes! 1 free private pilates class!
Get a look into the future at 1:45, join Dr. Daniel Katz : Quantitative Legal Prediction #LTNY - enter for an iPad, and
Welcome, Crime Writer.
Just received a press release promoting something called a "BubbleBum." Based on the name alone, I want one.
Yes imovie you can use photos and video
I got my laptop back!
were u from
I love Radio City. I also love that Feist just absolutely tore the place to shreds.
Happy Hour Time
Twins got just one hit tonight? Scott Ullger is the worst substitute manager ever.
Always on the lookout to see what talented developers are working on and interested in. Thanks for checking in!
I really need to go get myself a Kitten -
I absolutely adore you so much your stunning I love you !😘
you ARE purchasing the Disney Princesses, right?
thanks bro
I thought about Warped Tour and it gave me the chills :D
I want sunflower seeds...ASAP!
That moment when "If It Means Alot To You" comes on the radio at Khols...
Bobby Knight looks so sad. So sad.
LOL what?? it's always a possibility ok. I'm not crazy
When I was HC @ Moscow (ID) HS, had a chance to tie on a 3 in state qualifier game. Player did same thing; jumped in air & tried to dribble.
i still don't have the hang of this thing...but, who cares, right?! i shall jame it up until i get bored again! LOL! got funyons?
Snow makes people dumb
Just realized I'm working on something later this month that is going 2 piss some of you guys off..But hopefully it'll make most of u happy!
thanks Mai. We're just trying to find out more details about what happened. If u prefer, you can email me at
it's so nice out today I WANNA TAN OOOOHYEAAH
July 17 Andy will turn 40 even though he was called by God...we shall celebrate his life on his birthday!
Who'da thunk we got T-alba replacement w Olive Oil? RT Colorado Rockies (Official Site) >> Olivo becoming mainstay in lineup
the catalan pooping song is a new holiday tradition at our house.
Many pre93 players had pensions increased x3 or more. Many took pensions early still got > Pensions being cut everywhere else...
Thinking about 's Owls baseball cap.
Reid's socks! Omg
Watched "The Sound of Music" with my family last night. Couldn't stop imagining John Coltrane watching "My Favorite Things" scene. Lol
yup i'm at the airport now, waiting for my plane to key west
Sometimes we continue on a path in life that we know is not right, or we did not choose.Give time, patience, then F'ing STOP! WE DO CHOOSE!
wat happened 2 th tweet U were gonna send on Today this morning?
thank you :)
NEW MLINY PHOTO Section! Upload YOUR OWN MLINY Posts and Photos! bit.ly/13oF9o
Y'all look cute! Have fun! :))
co-worker: what is the national language of Africa? Me: despair
Welp, its the end of that relationship
hunted? As far as "heads up, Texas is next on the schedule"?
if you are interested in being on PTL - contact producer Jill Neely at - thank you for your interest!
When you hand your phone to a baby ": F"
Jerry Jones' wife looks like a barrel of laughs.
Jordan Hill is my dude, tho
grandparents in town from france!
So no hope for a Mike Wallace signing?
I think I'm just wasting my money on her...... :(
FREE bootcamp this Saturday 4/28 at 10:30am. Sign up by calling 268-1231, in person at the studio or by leaving a note below this message!
My self esteem is at an all time low
I KNOW. We usually talk atleast once a day :) lolol.
The weekend is in sight
Half Time at the PUPPY BOWL!
♬"And I tell you now that I made a vow. I'm giving you the best I got, baby."♬
Do you need Duct Cleaning Service we can help call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Day of theatre! Now at with !
ouch! my head is spinning.. lol pain pills stat!! thanks aunty for the hangover :))
I feel great! Like Tony the Tiger. It's my Friday, y'all. Have a good one. P.s. dreamt I met
yo my brotha we might have a calabo with and in the making when rule get out we'll see!
No one can stop them...expect IND in 2 games apparently... RT No one in the East can stop & - Heat in 6 over Pacers
Hello from the Noyes Library for Young Children in Kensington, Md
please punch it so hard that you knock it out! I needed a good laugh this morning. This was it! Thanks....Love you Bro.
Quote of the night: she has herpies ...dude Guy..
thanks for the follow and pls check is
S/O to My NF IGLADLY FOLLOWED BACK :-)
Good night in Appleton
Don't miss the ticket give-away for the concert at on Wed. Feb. 22nd! Registration starts Mon Feb 22nd!
Sorry to all of our neighbors for the construction noise, we will make it up to all of you the very near future!
Thanks for the add Ale!
this is my 5th time watching We Bought A Zoo and I can't get enough!! I love it!!<3
Damn she got played. :/
I looking for a monster return from Mr. Jesus Shuttlesworth tonight. Six trey biens.
the heart is a lonely hunter
hey what s up :)
Duck Dynasty quote- "I've never made wine but I don't think this is standard operating procedures"
Today on Sunrise.. is planking so last year? We're getting with the times.. or attempting anyway! Also- preps!
Anis Bawarshi is at #ucf via Skype discussing what FYC courses based on genre might look like.
sure I'm about to go over to my friend sol's house if you wanna meet me at bongo and head over?
Just chilling, going to graduations, ahhaha chilling at home with my bros, sisters and mom
I just wish his first nomination was for a better production...
This episode is mad real
but why does harry do the inbetweeners dance different from all the other boys
Lol. It sounds wrong in all the right ways. thanks :) i'm just ready to make a bigger impact with my actions and shake people ...
yeah i love whitney and i love your creative talent, get that art school going because my 5 year old loves art and creative
if you love chocolate and hazelnut... it's really that good! Try it with nilla wafers.
“: Provide partner with "passion points" to customize box and pleasure!! Loving !! #Technori” perfect summary!
Coffee this morning! Only way to get me going! 👍👍
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
Hahah not yet but it's pretty sick
Been fun Milwaukee, I well see you again soon.
pants are overrated. You have great legs, show em off
Obama has done nothing or very little to improve any of those "issues". Also, you need not make this personal.
nikki love is a tour de force. she produced 5 films & counting last year. Check out premiering at
If I had the choice to be with anyone in the world right now it wouldn't be someone famous it would be Chase Robert Scott Botts<333
#Yankee and #Masters on at Bounce Sporting Club. Come join us for a bite to eat. #BouncewithUS! #TigerWoods #CCSabathia 212.675.8007 for...
miss you Tweets and Music. Hope Hollywood is not eating you up :) Wishing you the best with all things
Great preview of The Elephant in My Closet. We open in The Chapel Theatre one month from today, May 25 in Charleston, SC
I tried to see her at the Grand Ole Opry when ICOLC met in Nashville one year, but she was ill, canceled. Rest was great tho
just like review?
Thanks.....same to you
oh no! poor you! we will drink in the future, painlessly!
Quick question. What is your favorite spot to skate in Boston?
Yes, it's official...this person will call you a RACIST if you bring up NATIONAL DEBT --->>>
Well look who joined twitter! Have you figured out how to work it?
National Kiss Day tomorrow? Ohohohohoooon
Anyone else find it sad that 28 degrees feels nice and toasty to me now?
so how bout this music? I suppose I need to give it a listen huh :)
I Am Liberal Arts word cloud: innovative, problem solvers, creative.
Happy Thanksgiving from #Luxe Essentials!
as an aside, al roker was rendered speechless a lifeguard tower tried to attack him...yes the hurricane is historic...al? al???
or cookies I'm in for it all lol love sweets lol
Hey everyone! Come out and see us tonight at vaudeville on congress street at 9pm
Why am I just finding out about now? Are Jack and Rose still on the ship?
Nyjer Morgan is the man
aww do well on your exams!!
Make that - strange crowds and food wait. Mullet watching is excellent at the MN State Fair.
Sometimes I wonder if one of the purposes of theatre is to teach us to improvise life!
