Seriously questioning how the #Badgers lost to #TCU in the Rose Bowl after watching both teams play this season
(cont.) stacks under the [#NYPL] main reading room would be moved into storage in New Jersey."
Off to Manhattan shortly. When Game 7 calls, you accept the charges.
I know how much you enjoy a celebrity RT, so I wanted you to know Ed Begley, Jr RT'd my tweet re blog post on environmental chgs
Wish you lived closer, Frank!
3 more days and I leave this cold snowy place for the weekend. Nashville you better not have a cold front moving in.
Broken hearts and shattered dreams.
drawing distinction between skills needed to create DH projects and skills needed to sustain them.
Wishing the best to our friends at as they prep for their #Buffalo150Gala this evening! Happy 150th anniversary!!
true! When I finished my PhD and moved to Boston to be faculty, one of my aunts asked, "oh r u gonna practice up there?"
Thanks for the support brother.
fun time presenting on ebooks for #lib2011 this am! thanks to those who attended... esp all those from England!
The school district needs to learn that most of us live on gravel roads, which get bad with snow. Call off school.
hey girlfraaann! Follow back (:
Follow her because I told you to.
Sleep is about to get destroyed on tonight..
Just cut open a chicken heart..
SHAKE WEIGHT! SLAP CHOP! BILLY MAYS!!
Sorry for party rocking.(SFPR)
follow me so I can follow you. Thx
Did your grandma ever make you tuna? Today? Ever?
I hate it when it's this dead at work this late t night (3am) I get super bored and start to get sleepy
I am in love with the Oakhurst community garden. In an ideal world, the vacant lot behind my house would be similar.
Smile that smile
Right cause ion get oneRT : If I take time out of my morning to text you "Goodmorning" you obviously are cared about.! :)
Hey dude how goes it
haha there better be!!
Haha... May the force be with you! RT : I'm getting on the next plane to Australia!
Absolutely, how many Japanese writers were there though? I still can't believe they follow him. :)
I just have to believe nd keep the
In 20mins! RT : Join #s4pm tonight hosted by Health Activist Topic: Doctor/Patient relationships!
Try using the OMNI-MEETING wifi.
Happy #Passover and #GoodFriday to all of you. Enjoy this holiday weekend, enjoy the families, the company. Have a great day to all.
"The is here to participate fully." - Burt Kummerow
congratulations!! Looks like it was a nice little setup there
PLEASE tell us this doesn't mean goodbye. I know you want to play & I PRAY the Packers will keep you at least 1 more year!
Love what you're doing!
it's not. Literary clubs/salons were quite popular at one point. Charging admission to them though is pretentious..
capitalism stole my virginity
JALEN!!!! Been tryin to catch up with you!!!!
"Distance makes the heart grow fonder."
Kobe = FINISHER
Yay! That's tonight!! RT Our first rough cut for is due this Tuesday!!
"I'm number one material and u soggy like cereal" ha ha u a fool for that!!
Barbara says you must research the whole family, all collateral relationships if looking at chancery records.
“: Thanks for the mention. Have you ever tried that sub with green chile? It's delicious!” not yet but I will soon!
Wow I loved the halftime show!!!:D
Woo. Go Reds
Ace of Spades from HUB in Portland is an incredible Double IPA. 9.2 ABV with 100 IBU and is smooth.
The Miami Heat are Trailin the Indy Pacers right now!
Like to thanks all my followers I will try my best to help you as possible
yum! what kind?
Okay, mailbox crisis averted. New desk and TV stand assembled. More packing and moving on calendar for tomorrow.
Marvelous books to put under the Christmas tree! www.facebook.com/bookguilddc
Hope you’re munching on a bar right now! :) RT: These Sunbelt granola bars tho >>>>>>>>>>>
Time To Get Up my ass. I'm going back to sleep! I hate school!
THX BABE!x“: Nicki Minaj - Right by my side”
so what lil big head
list me follow me the re tweet this yeah
Which woman predated Rosa Parks' refusal to "get up" 150 years prior? americanlegacymag.com will reveal the answer later today!
nope u wouldn't go to Stl with me :(
Thank you haha that video was the first one i did check out the other ones they have gotten much much better lol :]
It's about to go down @ Souplantaion!!! Did the bus boy really just elbow me in the back of the head! YOU WANNA GO NITE NITE????
Congratulations to Hakim Bellamy, Albuquerque's first Poet Laureate! Congratulations to Burque!
Look at that score, Jayanti! 10 million. Would have kept going but a power killed me.
Now I'm getting msgs from asking me to confirm I know someone. Without option to say no. Doesn't display in Inbox.
Insight like this is why I follow you, Maggie.
2 Broke Girls
Ill dm you than(:
www.3apparel.com NEW DESIGNS!
May I suggest using in season peaches in place of apples for Warm Apple Apricot Cake recipe. Major crowd pleaser! Enjoy!
Holiday Calendar orders are coming.Global Elements can create a Family Calender w/ a custom design and prints for only $250.00 720-542-6105
Damn Dallas don't forget to call the nursing home when OKC is done with the Mavs.
Okay! No biggie, let us know! :-)
What's not to love?!??
2$ Mimosas are easier to get addicted to than heroin wrapped in crystal-meth.
And shaky.
Sorry honey bunch! I was pissed at the time!
it is divine!
"fail whale" makes me nervous to ask how today went...
if u don't mind used try Craigslist. Good bikes cheaper there.
Today Ice Palace was fun!!!! ate churros had hot coco and cheese pizza and skating was fun too i never fall but alot of my friends did lolz
responds: "obviously making challah in a bread machine is like selling your chametz to a robot, so it's ok?"
Def something to try! There's usually deals for 1st time students who want to test it!
hah of course, we can talk at lunch tomorrow
#Bachelor sucks
Some of the best and brightest teams gathered at to solve #childobesity in America.
Lazy twitter: What's that internet forum quote that's something like "what ever did have a thing so even as to happen"?
Random S\o to shes amazing in every way I love her so much like no lie glad to have such An amazing friend in my life
let it fly.. Believe me.. You can offend me any more than I have been in the past 17 hours...
PickUpLine: Something tells me you're sweet. Can I have a sample?
Good point. Also sad how everyone seems to have forgotten how bad the spill was.
Hello again. David Bell, Houston, Training & Development, increasing my vocabulary with new acronyms
I LOVE U
Getting ready for our big grand opening in Rosedale in the amazing community of Azusa! See you Sat. June 4th at 9:30 am!
Put out fires all morning, impromptu production meeting for SciFi flick this afternoon. Welcome to my life.
Would love to be there for the grand opening. It will be wonderful to have a bookstore in Katonah again!
Don't settle with the person you can stand. Get together with your enemy and make things interesting;D
Girls! If you post pictures of yourself without a shirt on, creepy guys are probably saving them somewhere, and you're dumb for posting <3
Do you have your Mega Millions tickets? You could buy as many Mercedes as you want with $600 Million!
wake up please :)
Delaware kills the penalty. 3:20 left in the first
that Budweiser! Lol lets go out tonight bro like old times
RT : Ima give yall a little advance notice... killed this verse...tune in to 98.5 the beat now! RT This!
Dont have time for regrets
nobody followed me :(
Congratulations Kim. Enjoy this Championship.
Cuz many are fake RT : All these pretty ass girls that look good ain't always a good look...
Will keep a look out for disc brakes on a bike. Where did it disappear from?
Derrick Rose is overrated.
5th to watch the video... I feel proud
ooh new project for myself when I get back home, make some rainbow cut off shorts
I am with u
I used to beg my mom to buy me some tadpoles to play with in the pond section of Corso's Flower and Garden Center. They amazed me.
Shit just got real on #TheSecretCircle there has to be a season 2 to me it's the best show on TV so come on and help #SaveTheCircle!!! :)
GIGO = Garbage In Garbage Out. On the mic, if you spit fire you get fire. Otherwise...
what do the seattle seahawks do at #12??? trade down 4 extra picks. bet the rent money on it.
Thanks so much for having me on to talk about #redefinepowe. Speak again v.soon!
I'm tired #goodnighttwitter :)
FYI: Add a FREE shot of espresso to any drink, through Sunday! And get some iced coffee, that stuff's amazing...
Never take sides in conflicts you know nothing about.
did vocal scratch tracks at jeff's for 10 hrs yesterday
Restore or not restore? That is the question...
watching nationwide qualifying
There is a sketch of #ChristianBale grinning sweetly as part of the 2011 High School Art Exhibition in the Cannon tunnel. WHAT
haha...too early in the morning for a fist fight?
Has your patio been bombed by birds? Time to power wash your patio back to post war conditions? vegaspressurewashing.com
what is hall of fame worthy these days explain. There are guys who should be in there but are not.
Chugiak HS office worker Brenda Burge accused of stealing $75K from students and school
that's not til December 2012. As if it matters.
let's be honest the shit was gonna be wack and fixed anyway Dudes a joke I know I'm not paying to watch that shit I'm freeloading
If reggae is in your blood RT
I'm so late but thank you stace for all of your encouragement. Keep up the great work. I see you!!
We have some new color Samoas in for the kids and Jordans for the men!!!!!!! come grab a pair or two!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Definitely true, but "Losing My Edge" was his breakthrough. It's a great take-down of a certain kind of long-time scene snob.
RT :"Thanks Wellesley! But yes I'm still a smart guy, don't worry! ;)" WHEW! Good thing, Uncle Luke! Hope you are feeling A-OK!
didn't think I would make it
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see whole staircase, just take the first step. -Dr. Martin Luther King
I b smashin threw dese back streets,
He's Black???
Had a great couple of days tracking Dredg for their upcoming album.
request(love) for skip line list tonight at sxsw.
RT : Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil. / come to the darkside, we have books
lol! With your "I'm dainty" leg up? Stop it! He's not even checking for you, boo!
Yes, my wife packs several days in advance for an overnight trip!
Thanks for the #FF love!
Thanks Holly!
Heat fans excited about derrick rose's injury prove they are terrible fans
Thank you sir! I agree :)
One more.
Atlanta educated costume designer Janie Bryant collabs with Banana Republic on "Mad Men" collection for men and women. In stores August 11.
Waiting, with much anticipation, for new Sophie2.0 release...supposed to happen sometime today.
Science journalists may not find press releases very useful. But they should definitely read the f'ing paper.
thanks! Just booked hotel / plane today. Pretty excited!
How many trouveres can you name? Can you quote a line of their work?
."This is our Entrepreneur hour, our InnovateMaryland hour, our InvestMaryland hour" <--indeed #startups make MD great
Thanks for a wonderful week! Stay tuned for information about our podcasts, and news about fundraisers this year!
Karaoke at Sardo's tonight! Who's in?!
#hllc2010 great conference
Finishing packing for Salt Lake for the weekend...
Composers, librettists, red bull OH MY! Everyone is hard at work here, loading up on caffeine to make it through the night...videos to come!
Do you like our Halloween decorations? The hand petting boo kitty is a patron favorite!
umm...I'll see if can go
Have a good night bruh!
Following us on twitter, be sure to like us on
Down to my last harvest ale. :(
"I wake up early in the morning round the crack of dawn and wave to my neighbors like what's up." #GreatMorning to you
but I can easily snooze
& now we battle for the dark choco in the fridge. Ha.
unfortunately yes..
Thanks for sharing...
Ethiopia Uganda Kenya
Love choc. milk? Studies have shown ppl who drink it after workout recover better & lose more body fat than ppl who have a sports drink.
Did you ever find car insurance? If not, we can help.
depends on the situation
I know! I needed that card this morning for my fellow commuters but it's kind of had to deliver a card in traffic :)
Love waking up in his arms..
Dude i had trouble with that track on hulkshare, but datpiff downloaded it fine!
I think that's the hardest part about writing. If you're willing to cut your own words, you're well ahead of the game.
BRU Member and Molina get in a spat in Spanish over bus routes in Molina's district. The Supe laughs, "they haven't elected me queen yet."
Brutal. Why wasn't Chuck on the field for intros but 3rd assistant video guy was?
RT : For the first time in 9 years, the Patriots have traded up. Looks like Chandler Jones, OLB out of Syracuse
Foreign Conversation Tonight from 7-9pm. Practice German, Spanish & French!
count my $$$ && party with betchesss
BYE. WERE GONNA TRY TO OUTRUN THE TORNADO. FUCK. EUDJRF7IE8 BYE
Judge almost completed all of her reasons for the decision without acknowledging that thwre is any homelessness involved.
I am excited to try these products! Cleaners + chemicals = unhappy mommy.
Why not BACK TO THE FUTURE?
Save me a jean day ticket tomorrow, i change my mind! Lol
this is good, sir!
In Ojibwe - no word for “work” - closest - anokii - whether you are fishing or weaving - what you are doing is living -Winona Laduke
ok. Just got on green belt metro.
Earth Day 2010 bringing SoCal SUN to Washington!
Now Hiring!!!!!!!!!! I need some graphic work done,couple album covers posters and a dvd cover...#must have pay pal..
REAL TIME INSIGHTS. *Boom*
lots to do before camp tomorrow
i mean its alright its better that i met you now! the campas is sick !
Please remember to ask him again in six games. lol RT. Mark Sanchez says he's 'thrilled to work with' Tim Tebow - NFL News
THANK YOU MIKE! You are awesome and your commitment to the community rocks. Love seeing you at so many events.
HEY EVERYBODY!! Yes, another merry Monday. Hope everyone out there has a great week. TTYS.
i give up </3
I love traveling for vacation and see the world!!!!!!!!!
"My favorite past time is yelling at children when they pass by my window. I just scream and scare the shit out of them."
the way those 2 bodyguards walked away flipping their coins in sync to each other and the music was very cool
belle was here , i love you .!
Pls, add me n follow me too?
hahah its my wish!!(:
I haven't felt this strong a desire to climb a tree and throttle something since I was 10, and was up one calling me a sissy.
Turtle shell parts are common in the Jurassic & later, but not before. "Most commonly found fossils? Ans: Turtle shells."
Please RT replies!!
The most accurate top-level tag for a Nuge story is "Wildlife," right?
let me send my three year old over...it'll be done in minutes. or the computer will be fried. one or the other. :)
We threw a Harry Potter birthday party for the 7 year old on Saturday. If anyone needs ideas for a upcoming party we have lots to share...
i wish i was the one who came up with the criteria for this award.
My mama told me to hand her the remote and turn off the lamp.........Remote-6in. away.! Lamp-2 feet away.! #SheLazy.!
Wow I totally hate periods! It feels like you're peeing every second!
I'm #morningblend-ing in just a couple hours with a cute therapy dog. Tune in to see me upstaged!
WE3 HAVE TRUNK FIT IN MEN AND BOYS COME AND GET IT!!!!
So check this out: XFINITY gives u access 2 the latest episodes of your fav NBC shows…like SMASH! XFINITY On Demand has the hookup!
so how are you?
Getting breakfast with the most important man in my life, my Grandpa.
I've been trying to get my toes warm all day long.
Thanks for the RT, too!
Thanks for including. :)
People and their twitter personalites haha
hi Asa, use an iPhone 4 with the Nike+GPS; no sensor needed- you can even run barefoot on the beach :)
Can't Wait ❤❤❤❤❤ till Monday
At times Joseph Conrad admires Africans. Except, in the way you'd admire a tiger. Which is to say, something inhuman. What a big ol' racist.
Dude's got wheels ! RT : runs faster than a thrown baseball. Fact.
Someone found the band reference in presentation tonight "what on earth is that name on your myspace example"
Hi! Happy Weekend. And yeah, the dog pooped outside, MOL!!! xoxoxo
I bet by week 7. Romo will be benched for Orton ...
I don't know what to do anymore.
No ruffles either....How are you this Fine Monday Morning?
im soo tired:(
Safe travels, my friend!
hey thanks for the follow!
thanks for the #FF love!
Exactly. And note he totally throws Darling and Hopper under the bus too, saying they're vulnerable.
The only time Rihanna left my house late was when I called her and said "Rihanna, come over and leave so I can tweet about it. Thanks yo"
go Jeff Go
Hey I've never met you, but here I am (creepin'), so follow me maybe? :P
Its too hot outside
Just got a fortune cookie that read "You will come into a fortune". Immediate thought: No shit, I'm HOLDING you, fortune.
“Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago
Thank goodness. Hugs to you and Henry
Sunset to my left, thunderstorm to my right.
all races have been affected just the same. Race should have nothing to do with it. We need to unite and stop pointing fingers.
Zoolander shouldn't have made the Top 100 list...funny idea, but not a tight movie.
hahha okejjj i have to go now bye :p ♥
really? Why didn't you call me. I just got home lol
Can't wait for tomorrow's #undercoverconcert and an ice cold beer with and
Help me get followers
Allstar weekend live chat in 40 minutes!!!
All I want to do is go wakeboarding!
haha o David. Glad you refrained!
Okay Africology, you are all that stands between me and summer. So don't take this personally, but I hate you passionately.
MOVEius Dance is planning an exciting year 2012.This week we were accepted to Capital FRINGE Festival!
Listening to audiobook of 's "Beautiful Struggle." Riveting, captivating. Reminds me, in some odd way, of growing up homeschooled.
Romney never answers a direct question.
I am so jealous right now...cupcake heaven!
“: I guess Juan Pablo-Montoya has picked up Kingsford or Weber as a sponsor. #NASCAR”. Awesome call!
I'm excited for you!
yeah you should do that :)
cigar smoke
Going to bed. Night y'all :] sleep well and be happy.
pfft. The ipad dock is for wimps. Why not just learn how to type effectively on screen?
who cares what people think?
thanks bro! Big ups on the shout out!
Folger's Jim Kuhn asks if OAIS isn't an impossibly difficult conceptual model , "an impediment to getting required work done" ?
It's been a nice weekends. You guys are the best! :)
what is that? Velvet?
what is your least favorite park to play in?
Newsweek calls President Obama nation's 'first gay president" what do you think? tweet us and look for your tweet live on tv at 10:00
no bueno. Go eat something, where you at?
Thanks for the follow! Wishing you so many blessings!
thanks! i'll message you a link and password & you can do just that.
Tonight's the night! TACT turns Scholastic in Soho into L'Hotel Ritz for the US Premiere of Noël Coward's #SEMIMONDE benefit reading.
that sounds like fun XD
no swag n u lame as hell bitch get yo life together yo fuck ass
Alright, I think I've officially responded to every email from the past month. Whew!
- " Wanna Control Em All i Caint Even Control Me ."
I'm modeling material.
the key six characters sitting around a table at a smashed up fast food joint munching down on doner kebabs
how did new orleans treat you last week? So ticked I missed the show.
Having to explain to the sweet doctor what #teabagging is.
sounds like fun...LOL...
of course they do. They're teenagers.
Why this hoe be Stalkin,I didn't answer my phone yet y this hoe keep Callin!l
Must have watched it about 10 times over the weekend. Everybody form a line!
So many things wrong with that sign. Like QUIET TIME in caps.
so why do I feel let down
"glad I could put a smiley sticker on your board today"
I am beyond excited to see the 60+ degree weather forecast for the week!
Aaaahahaha good one ": my recipes are exclusive"
See you in NYC #Caps. Make a miracle happen in round 2?
um, are you gluten free forever now? or just temp!?
kinda meh so far. Watching it at home.
Everyone got their hair cut.
can't wait, it will be a blast!
The facts behind local measles case...KOIN NEWS@ 5
hahahaha one day if im bored ill make a whole song and singi it and put it on youtube aaha
Packed in 2 hours! That's a record! Of course I realized I have to run to the store for a few things..
Mid-morning snack: Lowfat blueberry yogurt and a handful of unsalted almonds... m...
Ditto. RT : why is it so hard to find/buy music from another country?
three more classes to go...i don't be feeling thursdays at all..UGH!!!
is amazing :)
Hey, thanks! Happy #FF to you and your followers--glad you enjoyed the blog post.
Tweet #ThirstyThursdays and receive FREE BEER tonight!
#greys Feeny was also on st. Elsewhere; played a doctor
hey would you please follow back?:)
I know what you mean. You never know what's a stepping stone and what's the final project until enough time passes.
apparently, i see how y'all talk about me! what GREAT friends you guys are!
Of course! But if you could take a second who would it be. Wild thing because you'd be #winning?
you go girls. Love the show!!! Such an inspiration for us achieve our dreams!!!
“: Yeah im adding 2k to my christmas list now”yes
SMH at these grown ass niggas in little trival crews thinking they famous!
5:30 ... Now available in new "AM" flavor
So proud to be a
Lining up for LOTS more #Blackhawks shirts this year. About to hear Jim C sing anthem!!!
Hey Ladies. is the newest and hottest Twitter account for everything Lady Like. She speaks the truth! :)
if i could gift wrap the globe, i'd give you the world
I just wanna make bitches dance.
Most instagram users are already on FB. So they are looking for control I guess
brogan!!! Please follow! I love you soo much! Your songs are so relatable to me. you definitely have talent.
ima tell him i want a divorce! Hahha
Phones down at prison yesterday so they couldn't call their families on Christmas.
RT What better lesson can you teach a young man, than forgiveness & grace? -Coach Bill Courtney Undefeated
Y'all* RT : FUCK YOU ALL.
yeah! its like one of my #neverwillcometrue wishes lol
We wish! At a benefit. Soon we shall convene the nerding, Sir.
lol i know.. I haven't been to church in weeks.
's reaction to 's announcement: "This is truly a historic day for justice & equality in America."
I wish it July 4th already
lol okay but I don't drive in the city I always take the El haha
Went to the dog park and now the girls are pooped
In my mind I'll be appearing at a much cooler place than the one I'm performing in this evening.
Van hise needs air conditioning or ventilation or something... STAT
saw it on a bus
Oh Jericoat, make sweet love to me! :)
I put my framed signed jersey on ebay. Got $789 for it. And its all going to the March of Dimes.
I'm confused I'm hearing from a guy who went to fight who said it shoulda been a draw or cotta win, said cotto backed him up most of fight
Looking for an IT writer. You can contact me at: .
2 more weeks til I perform at
Power on the cheap is always good and let's face it, Dunn can't possibly do any worse. If wrong
My presets fucked up. And I forgot how good Faction is.
Starving. Pizza or wrap ?
chuck norris vs dos equis guy
The Irish ignore anything they can't drink or punch.
#ItsSadThat you put so much effort into tweeting your life story
Taft blowing out Carson 43-25 at half
lets hope :] you've probably watched the korea performances?
well I can vouch for one group of girls who always want two dinners
people who post the most on Facebook are insecure!
Great reh. w/Jenn..this friday we're #thenationalunderground, tunes written by yours truly. NO COVER! on percussion. 10-11PM
Today is a day I miss unemployment... Would really like to do nothing today.
Yes. India offers evidence of power of this idea RT : I anticipate the emergence of the "low profit" sector in America.
So god!
You missed the SDYR hospitality suite. Possibly one of the best CRP parties ever.
I'm worried about tomorrow's Indiana - VCU game...
LinkedIn really nailed it with the new "people you may know" page. Used to be an enormous clusterfeature.
Canada tho really ?
Yes! RT : Just hung with which was awesome and made me t'ink: reunion.
Update on Craziness (well, work craziness) Given trhe chance of a train wreck we punted the live coverage to another crew:only 2 hours today
I followed
A mother of four was ordered by a Minneapolis federal jury Wednesday evening to pay $1.5 million for sharing 24 digital songs.
Get well soon Garrison Keillor!
yeah, in the city would be awesome. I get everywhere via public transport & walking (going to be difficult if this pain keeps up!)
I'm glad you were able to come and check it out. Please make sure to keep company next Sunday for me!
The feeling you have toward me isn't hate... It's called ENVY
Oh no!!!! Your time is still amazing. I also PR'd but a lil slower than you ;)...baby steps!!! Hope you enjoyed the run tho!
Hahaha !! True, but I'll at least give them a chance
Naw. You good
Thanks in advance for putting up with my hourly Star Wars Day shirt promoting. Playa gotta make dat money, yo.
That moment when your boss makes a stargate reference unknowingly. It's a good day.
. Vacation by looking at cool projects others are doing, talking with new folks, looking at other fields, etc.
Ben -thx for adding me to the list /astd2012; I look forward to seeing everyone's tweets about #learning &
So glad today is my easy day . #tired 😔💤
Happy Mother's Day!
I have so many #videos to edit....
RT : since u say we shouldnt be using grease in 2012, what should a nga be using then? <<<oils. Shine mist anything
Anything that has seeds is considered a fruit and the plant also produces flowers.
Hey there. Black Mamba is a great Dark roast coffee.Dave sent it in to Coffee Review for scoring and he got a 91.It's Awesome
I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?! <33
It is better to be the child of God than king of the whole world. -- St. Aloysius Gonzaga
Beautiful day in Detroit
I read the new one was pretty true to the original story. First movie changed the ending. Very good movie.
NPR Morning Edition working on segment on Rush Limbaugh/Andy Revkin (NYT) flap. Likely will air Thursday.
hell yeah! can't wait to hear it!
Check out new Track that's not hip hop Lyrical Trilogy
teaching speaking skills
Anyone have any good sites to get song stems for remixing?
Just won the Freshman Frenzy, no big deal ;)
Of his flaws: "I sound quite self righteous at times and I don’t like admitting it when I’m wrong, although I usually do."
everything about this is amazing. LOVE thomasville.
just crazy. City's version of United's win over Bayern in 1999.
Cheers to another great day in PDX!
At Yankee Stadium to watch the Brewers get a win.
“: "WHO WANTS TO TOUCH MY COCK?" Grandma please! Put the chicken down!” lmao!!
hahah alright let's go back right now!! We can borrow an airplane and I'll drive!
Hysterical screaming and crying fit for audition cold-read. And it felt fantastic!
take yo nasty ass to bed
She's a little scared to get close to anyone because everyone that said "I'll always be here for you" left. :/
Its an aday i hav a feelin its gonna be an ok day
Thank you darling! It was way better after I saw this. :P
In the relentess demands of obscurity, character is built. -Chuck Swindoll
The all-in-one-in-the-know actor's app. Available on the App Store for 9.99 or try Actsophia Lite for free! 30+ features for your career!
How many times are we going to hear "this once proud franchise" from the national media over the all star break?
thank you for sharing as well !
Friends, please check out our new Webisode name 'DLife The Series" starring Drew Waters and Timothy Doty. Subscribe on YouTube and go viral!
No doubt!
Most Awesome Customer award today goes to 9-year-old Sequoia, who scarfed a Huevo Mutilation like it was no big deal.
it was great connecting with you guys yesterday! Looking forward to this months activities!
Bout to blast off to SFO. Sitting in the exit row. Let it be known if the plane goes down I'm not helping anybody do shit.
that sucks :( but eh Friday... I guess that works.
Can't believe I'm drinking again tonight...but half off amazing tails here is so worth it.
is it really March already?!?! Here's to a new beginning, and believe me I really need one!
and performing at #flolounge tonight!!!!
RT: : Cab drivers have more consanants in their name then vowels.
I'm pretty sure we did...
Hi Janice! great to meet you at DBC on sunday!
No I have ass in my face now
your dad sounds badass
Informal does not mean casual, unstudied, or undisciplined - Dean Feuer
GR8 name! I did gt a few nugs, even tho I was late. I wish I had more time & could gt 2 events earlier!
It means a woman spoiled the party.
bye bye crook
There's something about driving down the road with a good song playing in your ears.
I got you bro
Manning should have picked the Titans. That way everyone wins
There Will Be Food
What I didn't mean was steal one! New chair missing from Commons :( RT : Looking for a cushy seat? Try Allen Library
morning from Chicago, had beautiful 80 degrees yesterday, today it will be in the 60's. Oh well, as long as it's above 50 we're good 2 go!
I love winning in court. It's very primal.
Can't sleep :(
Hat: check, sun screen: check, cold beverage: check, sun: check. Life is good!
New work by Brett Reif, who teaches at KCAI, will be on view March 2-31 at the KC Artists Coalition, 201 Wyandotte St.
#emotional episode #but perf
Hate when I&#39;m sick but don&#39;t have time to go to the doctor. Wish it would start raining antibiotics. Too busy taking care of others.
Listening to before i walk out da door
Hey #Pippa Middleton, please don't ruin the charm for us, you're much too cute for that xo
ooh me me me!
old school, eh?
": #IWishTheyWouldBringBack #Real #HIPHOP to the radio and television!"
Anyone catch the Premier League games this morning? Anything exciting happen?!?
RT :talked w/Stanford WR Chris Owusu-likens his game to Pierre Garcon and Mike Wallace.Very bright kid that knows the game well
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I don't like Degrassi
We had our first official interview to day with - Jed Carlson - Great stuff to come
Fitness Devices You Can Take With You While Travelling
it was so good to see you for a bit! Drinks this wknd?
The fire alarm should go off more so I can waste another hour of work
There's nothing cool about sitting around all day.
Thanks to for fighting through sickness and to all of for a great show in Detroit. It'll be memorable for me.
Thanks for the mention!
1953- #RockyMarciano defeated Jersey Joe Walcott for the Heavyweight Championship.
On my run this morning it seemed as tho everyone had rubbed on BenGay b4 they ran. Thought I was running thru an altoid factory.
if we do i can't make it. i have my last game for shaler.
yep we need to keep tabs on ya!
Just cause you have cool jerseys does't mean your good... I promise!!
Let the police work with the schools on this. Do not take the search completely away. We must keep schools safe...
Great meal at Bluegrass Tavern tonight. Hands Down best charcuterie plate in town. Thank you #bluegrasstavern. Sable fish was perfect.
He did good! RT : So everyone, what are your thoughts on #HowardStern 's first night as a judge? I was surprisingly pleased.
The Wilco and Arcade Fire sure, but the REO Speedwagon was all
It Means "Follow Friday" (: It's A Compliment<3 xx
Home Sweet Home!!
I have 2 agree. iPhone is way 2 go. It does almost everything well. Told hubby-in a fire I'll get kids then iPhone then you :)
What a brutal year for injuries in Fantasy baseball! How are y'alls teams holding up?
I guess just being in school made it bad.
Yay for Saturday! What's on your To Do list this weekend?
Toshiba&#39;s 13-inch Excite: does the world need a tablet this large?
Some people love to lie.
Wait a month on the REAL work talk RT : Great to see so many young people graduating this year! Now the REAL hard work begins!
story of my life.
Lord you are still Worthy!!!
so happy no school tomorow yea
Lol, giirl this is my movie!
I'm wearing black skirt with tights And I need to find a top
i think the sunglass idea has legs… just not mine ;-)
THE SEX BOMB GOES OFF. MORE LIKE THE STINK BOMB FROM MY PITTS.
Okay are we talking new BMTH or old BMTH? New BMTH < ADTR period however, old BMTH > most ADTR
I believe it. hee hee THANKS Paul, you're too cool for school!
#iReallyHateWhenPeople complain without seeking or creating a solution to the problem-Complaining for the sake of complaining is meaningless
My lil bit of hair dry af right now...
Good Times on.
*reasons I'm glad my twin doesn't speak like that lol
now following
lol..aye leave me out of this. Lbs
Merry Christmas!! Never knew my family was so talented at Rock Band
this world can seem cold and grey. but you and I are here today.. and we won't fade into darkness! nothing to fear but fear itself
I hate when I put up a funny status and one of my cousins take it serious.
Who does Dracula get letters from? His fang club.
it has!!
Am I signed up? Sign me up!
i got the 11 18 88 in various nascar pools not opposed to winning some money
#20ThingsAboutMe & I'm scared of clowns
Haha, yes! I can totally understand that
it should have been the Hanging Vine Pinot Noir. It was very good - especially because we ate everything under the sun. :D
PS: , very much looking forward to your gathering in Portland on April 11th!
It's hard to get mad at Metta World Peace. He's literally crazy, people, he doesn't realize what he does.
#oomf is still my baby. Idc idc. I adore her. Having feelings for her or not. I'll still always be there for her.
thanks! We aim to please. Glad you gave us the chance! Can't wait to see your video.
aha it's okay&i don't think you know him:b He goes to Putnam (:
Leaving the US Open. Enjoy your Labor Day!
I've officially seen too many mullets in Santiago for it to be the poor choice of a few...
they r still old... doesn't say much about the Knicks
Got my food FINALLY!
“: One word texts.”word
&#39;L.A. Complex&#39; Star Opens Pandora&#39;s Box
It totally is. Especially when there's cake in the break room. MY FAVORITE IS WHEN THERE IS CAKE IN THE BREAK ROOM.
Enjoy! RT : Then I'm so reading 's upcoming one from
My friend referred me to an old saying "Eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince and dinner like a pauper." Metabolism!
what's up girl? would really love to chat! r u around next week when i'm back in LA?
I dug parts. But it IS long and tedious.
#Patriots: Matt Light Retires after 11 Years
#Lunch specials this week through Friday: Dry Aged Strip Sandwich, Chicken Flautas and Lamb Burger --
COME SEE US!
remember when you said you'd follow me
Got a free 7-day Sirius trial JUST so I could listen to the concert on !
Today's Twitter Life lecture is done...or is it ever?
ha, no. draft position.
Glad to be home....missed y'all too! :)
it was good shit.
Happy to do it. Nice to meet you.
what's that plate...$5.99?
If u not rocking with Chicago Sports suck a dick
Gudda stoppin threw check my latest mixtape out on datpiff Slay an leave a comment or download it wat ever
Boo to websites that have no way to turn off their auto music.
Dirk!!! Thanks for sharing Embrey :)
LIFE IS LIKE TOILET PAPER - YOUR EITHER ON A ROLL OR YOUR TAKING SHIT FROM SOME ASS HOLE" :)
You 16 and pregnant
Transvaginal mesh injury victims, please visit www.meshinjury.com for helpful information and resources.
Sperm viability greatly reduced in offspring of animals treated with common antibiotic tetracycline
If you want Love you have to give Love, so today's Text You - "Practice loving thoughts to those around you"
must confess, I bought it in October. Hehe
check ur dm. Just sent Destiny's number...
in the words of Meenakshi Thirukode... art fairs again......... sigh!
Stand against the devil, and the devil will run from you - James 4:7
my account was hacked...apologies for any and all hostile messages!!
"Its against the law to drink coffee on the metro" -old lady "Its against the law to talk to an angry white girl b4 her coffee is done"- me
Had an awesome time opening for tonight! Thanks for having me! :)
Mayor: if there's a group of folks who want to sit down with the police and have a dialogue, they are open to it.
LOL Cornette wasn't allowed to cross into Canada again?
An odd front in the war on, or about, women. The one who thinks Quindlen, etc. messed up Helen Gurley Brown: strange.
Caught whatever's been going around the office. No, not pregnancy- the other thing.
yeah!! I will!!
Hair bounce is everything! Cutting ur hair in layers creates volume. When applying extensions buy them 4 inches apart from the next length
When do you head back to Vancity?
I was shocked you twittered me, but then again I read that your twitter got hacked. Hope all is well!
It's crazy to believe nearly all of us were brought up to worship Lincoln by our public schools.
Always a pleasure to follow other artists!
I'm kind of over Twitter. Someone make it interesting.
Dude, I need to learn how to save money...
I am going to start my own SKC blog. Any name suggestions?
not if I can help it :)
Buenos Dias ;) I hope you have a lovely Monday <3
yes it does!! I know exactly what you are saying
Writing about how Apple controlled the crowds at Grand Central today. Really shows an incredible degree of thinking.
Thank goodness you dont have too. : )
it would be nice ^_^
Why such hatred? MT “: "Marco Rubio is a case in point for why most other Latinos dislike Cuban Americans."
Did he just call me UGLY ?!!
“: A VERY SAD AND DISTURBING STORY: Boy: make me a sandwich Girl: No!! RT if you cried” bAhahah I cried!!!
Who wanna dance on my Disco Stick ??
Finish this sentence: I will... then join the movement at iwillmovement.blogspot.com
When a defining moment comes along, you define the moment or the moment defines you. - Kevin Costner
Changed my icon o me :)
just read your article "Leadership: A Key to Teacher Success." Kudos!
All this news about Jerry Sandusky is gonna have people thinking Penn State is a Catholic school.
WHAT F U TALKIN BOUT I AM SO PEACEFUL
That would work wonders for all the kids I work with!
that one girl... named Amia.
I hope my son has a good day at school! Track & Field followed by a waterslide. Hell I wanna join!
I love the guy in the background.
CRASH: 99E @ Anderson in Aurora
Thank you ! And a huge congrats Look forward to seeing you in May! :-)
The deepest courage we can exercise is continuing to believe in our dreams until we make them true!!
Stop, you had me at boozy Just cuz I'm a married boozy broad w/kids & a shitload of baggage doesn't mean we can't go 4 cocktails
climbing tomorrow? #OnRock?
": "Harry's in LA" "LA = Louis' Arsehole" HAHAHAHAHAHA OMG THIS FANDOM"
haha - the hell you did.
starting up an account to share marketing/ social media news and trends.
Tell me about it! RT I hear 's driver sends her flowers. WTF? I don't get flowers.
Have one slot left for a homecoming updo and/or makeup for this Saturday, 10/24. Plz call for appt. www.hairinthecity.me
he schools them that's what he does lol he's always on his A game lol
ready to take odds on which draft pick pulls their shorts down at the Nelson Art Gallery...
#twitterparty I know you will never see this or respond but I love you! You are an amazing singer with amazing talent!
Neurorecovery means enhancing all systems. Be gentle with your self and your skin this week. Cetaphil, Cerave' and Oil of Olay! MY DR said
its about time betch!!!! I missed you tons!!! I knew you'd come back to me!!
Perhaps I can help?
talking about spatial relations
doing great! Dancing and spending time with the little man!
I want a rainbow cupcake! that shit looks trippy!
Having a strong recruitment brand means you never have to advertise job openings.
aaw me too ><
Grateful to the sitter as she feeds the dudes while I work & my mom preps for a procedure tomorrow.
Your bro about to order some pantrys though!
Test just came back...sadly I don't have #tigerblood...doctor said its
Great to see #JAXAMA incoming/outgoing boards this weekend! Thx for braving the weather.
Want a free $20 gift certificate to ? Stop in to the ICC and get one. I have 2.
": lol where have you been!? Your not getting back in cp D; ?" He got kicked out?
you play this game the best
oh on the picture in my best Eva
Bout to go round da block an hoop
I will see you TONIGHT! 7 p.m.! Come learn, explore and get efficient! Public session on home energy improvements with ME!
who are you?
I get it. You meant the tiger cubs.
it started with a hug, then elevated to love
#NP Sexy To Me by <3 hurry up and release Jumping Trains!
Well it's insular, isn't it? It's a closed community that often isn't too concerned with what the "public" is interested in.
I wanna do yoga with you!
I'm really looking fwd to this great event! It's something to look fwd to after my grandfather's passing yesterday morning!
Tell your friends to tell their friends to tell their friends about me.
hey MAY I ASK YOU A QUESTION
Off to work. Won't be back until 10. Have a good evening!
Oh yes!
Come out to ReliantPark and join us! Meet tons of Home Resource companies!!This weekend Only!!!
Lord love a good busker. <3
The language of the Arbus image at 5pm with readings by Doon Arbus, Michael Cunningham, and Francine Prose
sad, deprecated state of Reader in google's infernal toolbar. evidently not as crucial as google WALLET or google OFFERS
RECRUITING like its my first day on a new job today... SHOCKER NATION deserves it!!!
sick days are the worst.
yeah, thats understandable. I have Uverse and Netflix and theres never any new movies to watch, so I ruin out of movies. Hah
Don't hate what you can't imitate
#3 chasing the light on Hwy 98 across the Florida Panhandle
I hate working on proposals. Glad to have three to work on though.
what is more surprising is that he is still an active pitcher ;)
Is it sad how much I'm looking forward to the new commercial?
i miss you too! ill be in avobn later!!!!
that's awesome, glad you got to hear it! thanks!
i love harry potter.. same
Off to shoot the next video. Look for it online later tonight.
baby that ass makes think of biscuits and gravy
RT : Join us at Bradley Center 2DAY for Danceworks Mad Hot Ballroom and Tap Competition. FREE family friendly event!
ISMID in Istanbul says: "your presentations were the highlight of the Symposium, everyone was very impressed by whatyou and your group do"
She say she love me but she didn't give me none of the income tax Wut part of the game is that?
If Manning has lost throwing strength wouldn't going to SF be iffy? He'd be outdoors now on a windy field.
diggin the flow and love for #toronto, hit me up if you want to collab, got a mixtape dropping late june, GET ON IT!
RT : USGS raises magnitude of Mexico quake to 7.9. Buildings reported shaking in Mexico City
Custom Basket of the Week: Here's something for the tea lover in your life.
Brrr! It's cold today :(
yeah! Lol atleast I'll have a guy to hang with now too!:)
baking oatmeal cookies!
at the beach with my fam the interview went great XD
I forgot why I'm naked right now
#NP Falling Asleep on a Stranger by Pierce the Veil.
Off to for the 4 Bitten Media launch with and team! Then a rooftop opening that cannot be missed!
no worries, actually from right outside Winston Salem so followed you at Wake..GL this week, bring it back to NC!
"Wade through a pitch-black sea of balloons that respond to your movements with ethereal glows of light." Why yes, I think I will.
Tried to get a pic of the gay twink kid pumping gas next to me. Let's put it this way. There's a fine line between meth chic and aids skinny
Almost at 200
awesome Thanku for the comment...we look forward to it...
Now on to audition 3 with Eric Gillette!
Now the #Vacation begins!!!!
Who's ready for Christmas?! IM NOT :(
why the hell wouldn't you
I regret failing 8th grade and not doin shit in highschool cause id be graduating in a couple days I would have to go get my ged..
That is what we love to hear, Marissa! Tweet us if you need anything. RT : thank you! It's been great so far!!
Are you having a gathering this Fall? We'll provide the perfect catering for you! Delicious Food, Great Service & Unbeatable Prices!!! http
A secondary ball handler, and a solid jumpshot. Caron is struggling with that broken hand.
Flamencos in Seattle - Luis de la Tota is headed your way today - We envy you...
can't go back to sleep, 5 a.m jog perhaps?
Old age comes at a bad time.
That is really fast. You go girl!
go to the nurse she's sending the whole school home lol
Start the day off with some
We all need to eat.
I feel like we havn't tweeted in awhile. Anyway, Next Friday, August 19th, we will be playing a show at Club Fusion! Doors open at 10PM!
Just to clarify (my memory is foggy) we're talking about the Coherent Arbitrariness paper, right?
I lucked out! I guess when the T god closes one door in your face, he gives you a seat behind another.
my dads wedding and birthday is tomorrow!!! YIPPPIEEEE!!!! :) :) :) <3 <3
Wish you all a very Happy April Fool's Day!
We'll be at the Viking Invitational at Whitman tomorrow, hula on by
Big hugs. Your grandma sounds like a lovely woman!
G.M.N.I.: May can't come soon enough.
Four years later, John McCain explains Palin VP choice: "I had a bigass ol' brain tumor."
"a blender" isn't a brand!
if that happens, katie and i will console alisha for you. and blaze. i bet he'd be pretty upset
yea it's the next big website...we gonna take over the world. Or try anyway...lol
Weak RT : Montee Ball loses the Doak Walker Award to Trent Richardson.
Great job tonight on #Awake!
Bring your own bag to Whole Foods through the end of the year and support Support your friends. A little bit goes a long way!
your the cutest ;)
#Cubs about to get started!
well hello there fish...
Woops... Meant "of" not "on" RT : I hope the state of history museums is better than that on military history.
I think if they can keep the young guys together they will be a force. JR and Kmart are gone. Hope Nugs keep Felton but doubt
{ Evening Classes at Romney } PULSE Barre and Group Reformer: 5:30
so amazing! They just melt in your mouth its like a mouth orgasm. This must be what Heaven is like Eating mini churros with Dana
- It's 2012 - Dems have already WON the game, and all they had to do is Let the Reps be themselves!
Baylor guy on the aTm exit trial?
. Glad you are coming to WI to help #wirecall this month, when might that be?
From Lancaster Brewing (). It was average. I also got their Milk Stout that I haven't tried yet.
yes, for archiving reasons, #scms12 is preferred hashtag for Happy tweeting!
another inspiring day w crew in London, including low down on int'l plans, amazing community strategy, + launch at
Did anyone else see the correlation between Nietzsche and the business bluffing article?
RT Just overheard in Central Park: "I wanted to have sex, don't get me wrong, but he was drinking white wine."
hoes not needed only a lady with mutual respect & loyalty.
who phil? And when we doing fantasy football?
hell yes we will, drink one for me!
Hello Everybody! :) Good Morning!!! :)
hahaha athletes in CO that's another issue all in itself...hm 5'11 and up you say?
“: Your desire to change must be greater than your desire to stay the same.”
looks like the worst kind of...
Its almost a way of purging your mind . So the dreams can flow in :)
Aw come on GOOD LUCK ARIANA just got bumped down one come on #ArianaArmy & #Arianators LET'S DO THIS
haha sorry about that :/ I got half way through it and never got it finished
RT Only a few hours left to get your Passover catering orders in. Call 347-651-0636 or email // Elijah Wants You To...
Still sick... But i have to go to school /:
Game time!
Yes you will! Sending positive vibes your way
good luck!
If I wasn't so fdcused on this Orthodontist career, I'd DEFF. Become a pastry Chef. I love baking (:
hey my love
I think I've said "Damn" 5 million times tonight. Sometimes, I don't understand why some have to go so soon, but God knows best.
Welcome to the team Josh Strey and Lindsey Fry!
Outreach: Not 'lifelong learning' if we only focus on kids and teens. 55+ largest growing demographic.
my man is a beast! Guess who taught him everything he knows?!? 😊
Got a Skate Mental 😃
thank you for the time as well I enjoyed our conversation.
Omg Omg Omg ! #3days #BoyfriendVideo comes out :)! Aaaaahhhhhhhhh CAN'T WAIT to see my boyfriend :)
drinking one right now!
would recommend getting someone on site to take care of that for you, i can sched for you if you like.
Follow me on Tumblr , www.jasonchristopherr.tumblr.com ;D
Pleases Dont Putd Ya Business Out In Da Open Where You Know Folks Gotd Big Mouths
Such a powerful service today. Love my church and love my family.
DM me your number again haha
I don't know... I can't see it happening
oh thats why
follow back pretty please :))))
I'm glad you're so nice!!! Love you MIss HItzler =)
Congrats to on launching tonight!
40 Paintings down, 10 more to go! Show starts December 1st :)
nice!!! Cool app!!
HAPPY BD MOZART!!
this friday !?;)
Two Fiddy today!!!
Something about you is somewhat moronic. RT : something about Peter Angelos is somewhat racist ...
Man Today was an long day in the studio, But like they say some day my day will come:)
oh and most importantly, you inspire me ♥ how you dont run away from problems. i love you so much!
Good show last night, got the knotty head today!
I will spend my remaining days spreading the story of your meat eating ways, the positivity you created. You will be missed, friend.
Edgar Allan Poe~ All that we see and seem is but a dream within a dream.
seemed relevant to my life today. Thought maybe someone else would find it relevant to theirs.
let me make it clear fam I'm not lookin for artist at this time but if ur write hit material consistently then we can talk
One more day until we can enjoy the festivities of the weekend! Be productive and end the week on a high note!
The Avengers was actually pretty fucking good. And I'm a girl. And I don't like superhero movies.
I don't like sleeping downstairs by my self
i understand that ur busy and everything, but i would be the most excited girl in the world if you noticed me at all!
Sorry Deceased
"I don't think of myself as a television personality. I am a writer who reads what I've written." #RIP Andy Rooney
SELADORE will be playing the Hard Rock on the 15th! Come out and sway the judges in our favor! Doors open at 7:30. Show starts at 8
Bank of America cancels $5 debit fee, choosing instead to spin off ATM machines into a division named "Qwikster"
Gosh, Olivia. :( By the way, I lost my eraser. I have to get a new one, which you'll have to decorate, of course. :)
Kobe's gonna have his 85th 30+ point career playoff game, w/ the stomach flu. I used to try to hate him but I love a no excuses competitor.
. Yeah, but "move the needle" is tame v "impactful" or "incentivize adherence".
Are you moving? If so, where?
“: Perfect way to start my summer :: beers and a campfire 🍻🔥” jelly
Hahaha! If only.
I'm considering filing for bankruptcy since EMU staff won't re-evaluate my appeal for financial aid, student loans, classes, and dormitory.
I did though!!! I did it!!
#FF Thanks for making #SXSWi so fabulous. Miss you all. And to who we kept missing.
Ya'll can play some melancholy strings with me anytime. : )
My mom said the Svedka robot looks like Amber Rose (Roho) lol
The hoaxy subject lines of the Canadian pharmaceutical spam emails are so much more polite than all the other ones.
I want to high-five the bearded guy.
it was!!! I was about to cry :( and oh no :( should of had an otter box on it !
Introducing the new Sonic Baja Dog. 100% all beef dog, pepper jack cheese, jalapenos, onions, tomatoes on a poppy seed bun.
im serious dawg....
If the gift basket is a wad of cash, or you can subsidize that ball of cash by outsourcing the paper its printed on.
well dnt go
and this makes me realize I spelled it wrong in my original tweet. Looks like we're both getting schooled.
Gerald Wallace is feeling up the stat sheet tonight also.
“: Oh my, aren't you quite cunty today?” this sounds like a quote from our daily lives.
you can folks who will do the cooking and then deliver.
KEEP A SMALL CIRCLE
not familiar but will check them out now, thanks!
thanks for joining us last night. As always, LOVE You and are lucky to be working with them.
glad I made you sign up!
Good ol nite with the crew! Off to gville tmrrw
can I start laughing at all these 7th graders now..?
Brothers graduation today! :)
5 more mins till our #bogo starts. Only good for the first 5 orders, mention which shirt you want in the description or be surprised
Grabbing Smoke Out Conversations, today after work. Grabbing the cd with the shirt, wish i would have it signed though!
Starters cramping up in Oakland after the longest half time ceremony ever.
Glad you liked it! Alexis is such a charismatic speaker. I watched that video twice today!
Performing tonight at Cafe Django with LeJIT! (Le Jeff Isaac Trio)
Who's going to staff an all-news station in the current radio economy? Besides, Feder and Larz Crm aren't reporting it.
I have found it helpful, once one understands the categories and combinations thoroughly, which is no easy achievement.
one chance is hard to get when everything is based on superficiality. fuuuuuuuuck that shit
I am amazing at all over colors.
I worry that the new programs are going to mimic the Aud and DPT which are "lite" doctorate degrees and don't meet our complex needs
i do
Life is painful, wicked and short... in my case it has only been agonizing and nasty.
It hurts. My braket
I just had never heard much against him and he had a good resume. But either of our ppl are better than Kerrey. Carpetbagger.
Tony Parker hit a 3-pointer and added a 3-point play in the first five minutes of the second half. The Spurs lead the Jazz 59-46.
Whoa...talk about blowing me out of the water!
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime and too sleepy to worry at night. ~ Author Unknown
Hi guyz what is up
you're clearly in the same session I am. :-) i'm in white shirt, third row, using pen and paper (gasp)
Good morning, what a beautiful sunny day. Time for some great flooring.
Relevant to the demographic, yes. But off-topic a little - to bring that human aspect in? I think that's important.
My sister is on life support due to complications almost 3 mo. after her gastric bypass surgery. 5 yr statistics are concerning
where have you been and don't you have my other number
exactly!! Pretty sneaky bro didn't sound right though...Lmao!
Short Hair Is Cool
Following back RT : Follow back Josy! ;)
Don't talk unless you can improve the silence
You game is shit. Why every time I am by my teamates people spawn behind me FIX YOUR FUCKING GAME
The Harvey Monster just asked for some soup, I said not until lunch. He replied: chowder?
Finally going home(:
I would pay any price to own the dress Alice wears
Easy. Foreign affairs is the one area where he isn't hamstrung by Congress.
STAY TUNED THE MOST AWAITED EVENT OF THE MONTH WILL HAPPEN SEPT 17TH, 2009 @ SEVEN BAR LOUNGE DOWNTOWN LA...
yay for art!
Call to action is a chance to prepare for our next steps. We don't stop here.
unfortunately not my friend. On the other side of the Sound. Will have to catch you when you're next in town :)
'Joze..always told me if u be good all your life what stories do you have to tell none cause u been a Angel all Yo life..lol  my mexicano
Please stop driving and texting at the same time. Alnost in 2 different accidents this mornimg.
St.Augustine is the shit..wish I lived there for awhile.
My thoughts go out to If reports are true, highlights the need to protect mental health services.
#IAlwaysWonderIf #socialmedia is the start to something else...
Good morning! #GMA's summer concert series is a good way to start the day. Go Taio! Baby let's go
He's too fast for the camera! I'll try again when there's more light. He has some reddish feathers on his head.
Dr Sahakian Reviews and Dr. Deugarte Reviews - http://
it's freaking hot 😓💦 lol
#YOTM LET'S GET IT
Birthdays are nature's way of telling us to eat more cake and not worry about the weight. ~ Anonymous
Happy to say my grade in human anatomy is climbing after that horrid skeletal exam.
Relaborate finishes in top 5 First Look Forum. Congrats to winner Mountain Logic. Very cool product.
Posting job ads has given me a whole new hatred of many employment websites. You'd think if they only do one thing, they'd do it right...
Fajitas, margaritas and hanging by the pool. Good times. :-)
I hate when people don't let me finish what I start.
Starting to feel more like February.
Q: What did the hungry Dalmatian say when he had a meal? A: That hit the spots!
Up , watching the news
I want her I think I want her I really want her I gots to have her
It's the American League. The only thing required from the manager is that he put the keg out behind second base.
I am probably going to spill over my time. God have mercy.
I don't think capitalization matters for hashtags. Hadn't thought of the McD's problem; I was worried about the "clit" ending.
more drums and guitars and I think our Zizek track will truly be a protest jam for the club kids! Look forward to your edits
I know i will be fine with Praying for us mahomies in North Carolina it will be fine with him there by are sides (; <3
web peeps!! which CMS do YOU prefer? nevermind the clients on this one, which CMS would use to build your own site?
So glad to have here ! Let's get this started!
put on paper to turn it into paper
RT : Best #airportfood ever! French Meadow Bakery. Organic beet Gorgonzola salad & tomato basil soup. Go MSP airport!
I met him at a party last week. I talked to him. One of my heroes.
I think you are my new best friend :)
Dont let the past dictate who you are but make it apart of who you will become
Got him.
Thank you & best wishes to your success.
Two Mother's Day cards, designed and set to arrive by Saturday. I'm all set! Woohoo!
nice try gillyflowers (thanks for that one iPhone autocorrect!) SF totally wins.
ah thanks! I know yest was my lucky day & it's funny cuz I didnt even notice until this girl told me lol
We'll check 'em out! Thanks.
There are some things, e.g. "phytophthora gonapodyides," that google won't correct your spelling on. Mystery solved! I love my job.
Two weeks with out a real cig, craving just hit me for one grr..going vape through it....I hope
Another great day at #ccsforum2012 Calif. state Supt. really gets what we need to do to cut chronic absence.
Chocolate covered espresso beans seemed like a good idea this afternoon.
Portland, it's different here / RT Portland police surprised by topless woman with a meat cleaver.
I love you! <3
well let me know. If I can't find anyone I'll just wait for another day.
RT : Wait! High school until you're 18! But how does Gingrich recruit his Child Slave Labor Janitorial Force?
POTUS should take a stand, but humility might be in order. Don't remember you exactly being bold on gay rights while in office
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them. - Alfred Adler
I had a tranny tell me I look like Pink today!
You have a talented daughter!
good luck!
I see girls put up pictures of themselves partying...and I can't help but think, "Don't you got a kid to take care?"
your his girlfriend are you not ? She ain't stupid to fuck that up
Product of the Year winner graphic roll-out demonstrations today @ 12 & 2PM in booth
Uhmmmm, i need a vacation. Anywhere. Seriously.
“: sex is like mcdonalds, I'm lovin it. pussy is like subway, eat fresh. dick is like gaterade, is it in you?” LOL.
Lovejoy, Kunitz and Duper not drafted
No mentions, no twitter friends updates, no earphones.. On my iPad checking old tweet & FB status that's my life now. I'm bored!!!! -_-
I know! How do I stop it!?
it was an awesome hotel. one of my favorite. will stay there again many times before my son graduates from johns hopkins. :)
Bosses don't have birthdays we have g'days and bossdays just ask
Running around at High School News Literacy Summit at Baruch. ABC's Ron Claiborne gave a great keynote this morning.
Please, don't tease.
I wish guys would look past looks and actually get to know me...
where are we streaming the event?
Current listening: STORM THE STUDIO (Meat Beat Manifesto). Fave group as a lad. Forgot it samples W.S. Burroughs. Beat seed planted early.
hahaha you kept looking at me to make me laugh!
we are the
Happy #ArtsAdvocacyDay! Enjoy and cherish creativity today :)
If anybody asks, I don't know you. Lol
Poster presenters, please setup your poster between 3 - 5 today prior to the plenary so you don't miss it
It may also cut the number of people and the amount of gear you can load in your vehicle.
Whats with all the obvious trends.? Like Directioners love 1D. NAH FUCK, I thought y'all fucking loved directions.
I was like 9/10 when it came to questions about my gf ! The only thing i got wrong is that she wants to go to wack ass UT :p
Oh yea! I liked him too! Gosh, Titanic is an AMAZING film!! ;)
Thanks so much for the lovely trophy, ! (YOU don't EVER have to STFU.)
Is taking a German class just so I can receive credit hours cheating if I already know the language? Nein.
he lives in Miami.
Yeah, I made you look dumb. RT rhancock19: I didn't find the parody accounts funny at all. It made me look like a dumbass.
Someone needs to write a terrible (/wonderful) X-over fic of the X Files & Holmes. And by someone I mean me.
Happy Mother's Day to our foxy Moms!
already getting the shirts ready..."Fear The Fade"!
drink lots! Expect dinner when you get home
great idea!
US has problem until 1950s. We had a global effort in place. BUT opted not to include sub Saharan Africa. We also used DDT.
#DearOomf you dont try anymore... its like you dont want me anymore...
Alert: Doug West reference in the office today, can I get a shout out for Doug West?!?!?
Sat at : portrait photography shoot for a new public art project. Each picture will take 10 minutes; 10a-12p, open to all.
It's my day off, so just guessing!
i swore to myself that i wasn't going to let shit like this bother me but sadly it will always bother me.
The notion that the U.S. is to be the slop-bucket of creation has no foundation in morals, economics, or religion.
chilln u have ya cookout dis year
Yeah man (Usher voice)
Started my week off good I pray it stays dat way which means no arguing no stressing no bs point blank period
Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching. -George Van Valkenburg
Downloading my shit
okay i cant take a nap now.-.
Im @ Dr,got to stay up on my health..
After Tuesday's loss, it will be interesting 2 see how the #Bulls respond tonight in Philly
ALRITE I C ITS EVERY MAN 4 HIMSELF
200 subscribers on youtube! Getting there!
hii mister ;) how are u?? Btw my granddads condition is getting worse and worse :( xoxo michelle
honestly ur the most amazing person, dont u ever listen to those bullies there not worth it, they really must be blind!!<3
Where do you get a "Black Ops IT Team"
Doesn't that break your heart? I can't even imagine.
Miss the Chinese New Year party at VaHi? We're doing it again this Monday...at Emory Village!
yes ma'am!
kid from Omaha's Twitter tag is "Do you have access to psychedelic drugs? DM me.”
Elementary School was on lock down in Forest Lake. More info coming...
thanks a bunch
#BestLeapEver is seeing u.s. Men's soccer team winning Italy in Italy! First time in 82 years! Love espn2, you're the greatest!
HA! I know, I was just being a punk. I'm SO happy you love the drama. It's really entertaining when you can learn to love it.
You're cute like a bunny.
THERE IS THIS NOISE OUTSIDE AND ITS ANNOYING THE SHIT OUT OF ME AND A CANT SLEEP.
LOL they are at any gas station that doesn't have a walk in store. they are cold
Where did find a pay phone ? Come on buddy, its 2012.
We're here to console. Or to high five if you bet on I'll Have Another.
I want Justin to grow out a mustache
thanks for the follow russ! :) I fancy myself a marketing woman
Take advantage of senior discount today - 25% off entire purchase (on top of markdowns) @ Thrift Shop until 3. Must be 65-years young!
You're welcome! I knew u would enjoy it. Hope to see u soon and keep working on that CPA.
Roy, buff said
yo is this deal online only?
I am actually up and getting ready for 7:30 yoga class.
thanks for the follow!!(:
also, that figure 342 shows that you just can't trust newspapers (340 seems to be the accurate number)
Love me some country! Doesn't get better than Sugarland for me. :) I love the Ingrid Michaelson station when you want mellow.
"You cannot merge two or more Apple IDs into a single one." So much for consolidation...this is an
Eww. Its November
I liked it a lot!! So many people are hatin though.
Reality in its fundamental nature is love and truth and expresses itself thru these two aspects. - BKS Iyengar
I would be too. Which one?
Thank you for the mention, my friend!
#Text DRIVERSED to 90210 for contact information & #specials from Drive 505 School of Driving in #SantaFe, NM. #Mobile is good for business!
that's what I'm saying. You'd look like that little muscly bodybuilder mouse from Tom & Jerry!
Nobody wants Lindsay Lohan to succeed. She has to feel that. Kind of makes it hard to build your self esteem I would imagine.
I got this lil tingle
Internet explorer,how about you leave me alone.
#lastminute #deal 6 hour limo rental for tonight in south Florida only $250.
It's funny how I was broke back in middle school and bitches avoided but now they always asking for some money
Irony begets irony.
well thats what opinions are for right? lol
n y is that
If I ever do get married I think I would have bridezilla tendencies.
taste good like nuvo
Did #SNL really think this sketch was a winner? Good god this is difficult to watch.
To the Metropolitan Opera today for the Saturday Matinee: Aida
They just showed him walking to the back. Was curious. Saw the Harden throwdown and walked out of the room for 2 seconds.
You don't create your mission in life - you detect it
12 hours I'll be at Dave Pratt's live broadcast.. in 24 hours I'll be on the road to Vegas with for the & Day
Watching #Dexter season 3. So addictive.
#OWIF: I am in an aisle seat between the Fishmonger and my old chemistry teacher. #RegretsI'veHadAFew
Valentines Kick Off Party Hosted by the Girls Fantasy
hey bro
Can't sleep, what else is new.
Ecuador's Pacari will be @ your favorite library for a FREE chocolate tasting tomorrow from 5-8 PM. #FreeInNY 111 St. Marks Place
I feel like if and had an illissit affair, Jesus wouldn't be angry.
when are you coming to indyyyy?!
I'll be right over. *straightens mask. grabs machete. zips fly.* Feel free to start without me. I'll catch up. I always do.
good luck with your car and drive safely!
I will never question the professionalism of any play by play guy that can go an entire A's broadcast without saying Theth Thmith
Presently nomming on an amazing homemade parfait: Red raspberries, vanilla yogurt + Special K Oats & Honey. If I had a smartphone, I'd share
Thanks for coming down with such a great group of #craftbeer folks. Cheers!
Hi - I work for a radio station in Milwaukee - who all do you know is going?
when Less Than Jake gave me a shoutout for smoking weed in their crowd at warped tour. she was happy for me..
Hiphop video being filmed in the middle of my Troubled-writer fantasy. Context Fail.
I was going to buy a book on phobias, but I was afraid it wouldn't help me.
The Wanted -- Non-Apology for Christina Aguilera
That 2Pac hologram was dope!
scary ass lol
We party all around the world.
oh oh sorry . so ! you could find your own jessica alba there :p
literally every.single.tweet. on my feed is about
So the #Bills did sign Vince Young? Love it.
Piece of advice - slutty skirts and fake cowboy boots don't make you look country. Stop trying.
...Give more than you take, but never take for granted what is given!
like I said Steve or will
for what it's worth, i'm with my ladies in #Cairo, #Egypt. much #love to you. i'm there in #spirit. stand #strong!
Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once. ~ Lillian Dickson
It's a beautiful day in Seattle! Wish I was at home playing outside with my little one!
I know not this Bryan, but have we perhaps met, in Wahlheim? I was in Europe, you know...
Because without women, men would not have a past, a present, or a future.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Black Bean Soup I 4.07 / 5 Stars | 11 Reviews by Corwynn Darkholme "This is chilled soup is made by pureeing c
