Have had a great day with my boyfriend I absolutely love his family too and now were headed back to my place. 200m to go.
we should go golfing! Like, I wanna do so much this spring break .____.
Today's MOCA specials: Soup of the day is Lentil. Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
thank you for your #dfwsem presentation ...my thumbs are tired from tweeting :)
what is you?
If you don't have to go out keep your ass home. Nobody wants to see you everyday if they don't have to.
I've finally followed back all my followers. Let me know if you need a follow back, ladies and germs.
Ice cream trucks are the childhood version of drug dealers.
after getting past your two year old Marcus intro trailer...I found "Lincoln Lawyer" enjoyable...shoulda made more $.
Both actually. I'll chat with a friend who would be great. I'd likely need some time to learn everything. Will follow up.
Jeppa Joes will be at Marquette (15th and Wells) today around 11 serving up some tasty sandwiches!
RT 12 hour work day and loving every second
sounds interesting, but I can't pay to join.
Celtics gotta rest their guys
Sort of like the #cmgr chat, like a once/week topic for each roundtable? That's a good idea!
Big hands means big .....
Swallow your bullshit pride and try some lager. Bells lager at is killer.
dear idiot.GET OVER HIM. HE IS OBVIOUSLY NOT WITH YOU FOR A REASON. he has a girlfriend. do you not get hes embarrased by you?
once you have a kid spending $350 on the Sunday ticket gets vetoed
I spy with my lil eye... 'sale' signs at ! Time to investigate :-)
u in the game please
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! #Mizzou sux!
I swear he think he making me mad or some shit .. lol ..
My new fave.........Dual Survival.
#blackpeopleproblems going asleep with your du-rag on then waking up with it off
m, beer. Beer is good. PBR is good.
Thank you for the mention, George! Have a beautiful weekend!
cheers to the graduates out there.
Wait. Like right now??
ITs true. I work at the airport. Yep
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such
Bearing surfaces are ceramic or metal on polyethylene for the hip replacement.
Pssh I beat you every time! Next time you win, I'll buy you a car. That's how good I am.
watching your #PlanetEarth with our kiddos and Loving it! Thank you for all you do, your #news & #educational programs are great
The Detroit chick that just walked by him was legendary.
I never understand why coaches go away from what has been successful. Bengals could not be stopped in hurry-up...elect to run final drive.
#3Words: Virginia State University.
"...For we do not present our pleas before you because of our righteousness, but because of Your great mercy."- Daniel 9:18
Shopping for soup bones, preferrably veal or lamb.
no matter how short, any conversations with you makes my day.
I just can't get enough of TSA lovin'! Note to self: never yell 'Allah Ak-bar' at a TSA checkpoint again!
Haha this guy is driving in a mini van reading a comic book... how gay!
One Dead Bird | the suicide project - suicide stories
Feels good to be tan!
Just received Eowyn Ivey's THE SNOW CHILD - can't wait to read. Thanks
good luck to Otto Porter
Had a long day. Came home to , Indian food and Everything is a lot better now.
My Dog! Whats Crackin? Thanks for the follow.Good to see you on Twitter.
Listening to Sugarland. Life is a runaway train you can't wait to jump on...
Reading up on the relative efficiencies of advanced composite microturbine engines did nothing to help my cough. Will try a shower.
Leff's in on the way so most times I just go there instead of strolling to P'nS.
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy response to its inbuilt limits and challenges.
Just saw someone walk by wearing a television on their head.
In discussion, Piez talks more about the aesthetics of design (e.g. why LMNL annotations can be recursive documents)
it was awsome
Soundrop is incredible! I've used it by myself and at parties and it's always a hit. Thanks for the awesomeness.
Alistair Reynolds, Charlie Stross, Vernor Vinge (pretty much anything)
Your cute(: just saying:b
The world is moved not only by the mighty shoves of the heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker.HKeller
Happy b-day Tori! Wish both of you the best in your post-challenge life together.
I'm going to use that month off to my advantage. All the doubters will
I'm gonna die if Rondo gets a triple double in this shitfest
"Happy Star Wars Day"
use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com for 20% off first purchase, 10% EVERY FUTURE PURCHASE!
- After The Dream i Had Lastnight its Gone Be A While Before i Miss Church Again . .
All the super freak nasty ppl startin to get on twitter now fuckin horny bastards.
It's Wednesday and you know what that means.....it's HAPPY HUMP DAY!!! #MoreHumpingTheBetter :)
But wouldn't any film be better with a little John Saxon?
yes so true he has lost me
tabasco sauce definitely makes everything better, brooke
my dad is a bad driver.
omg! i will keek you, we need to start doing that again!
Not really built environment related, but Staples has pens made out of recycled plastic bottles. So cool! And nice writing.
Gus Johnson was made to say "Abbrederis"
waiting on the world to change.
“: We used to talk about everything. And now it's almost impossible to have a decent conversation with you.”
Salutary tonic of a free current of public criticism, Stacey
i will!!! how are you though?
radio head sucks....not a good choice for snl :-(
thank you!
meanwhile im in Milwaukee jealous. lmao.
Thank you for the #FF love.
Hi Hooligan. Please follow back. Thank you ♥
Green Mile is such a good movie. Got me over here crying 'n shit.
Come back soon!
Thanks to all the volunteers who showed up on Saturday to help at St. James! We appreciate you :)
I CAN ONLY IMAGINE
This past weekend, tracks from my album "Sentimental Swing" were broadcast on WUCF FM 89.9. Aloha Orlando, Florida!
Forte doesnt like it get a real job! The economy has gone to hell and he cryin bye
Agree. Good morning!
Returned from a family reunion last week. drove 19 hours one way.
Big day for the #SDSU #Aztecs ! Come on red and black!
tend to think the only reason anyone actually uses windows is to generate more billable time. and feed their self-loathing.
We have been working with a GREAT web team at www.wearefound.com Virginia based web design, marketing, and app development firm.
Too many drunk people in one place
San Diego Auto Show started today. Stop by the Scripps Health booth. KUSI weatherman Joe Lizura did this morning!
#RHOA needs some now!
no it's not I'm fucking mad
:) Did u go to the library today? I think I'll like this job if girl "training" me would actually train me. :o I'm trying so hard
Thank you to everyone who is following me!!! you peoplez are awsome!!! Lots Of Love and Support ! <3 x
I can
you've been given a #smilebug. Replace 3 ppl & pass along.
What a day.
😏 RT : I like to live dangerously.
Meeting about content management throughout the lifecycle. Trying to sell the idea of an editorial board. More deliverables to come...
thas wasup... Wat part of the town u from
I hope you realize that I miss you, and I always wear the bracelet you gave me since mine broke. I love you.
I don't understand Klout! What do you do with it? What are all these "Klout requests" for? Help!
thx for the inverse of paranoia.. Love the mentality that everyone is part of a plot ot enhance my well-being!
Happy Mothers day to all you moms out there!
Hoping to make it to the Larry Edmunds Book Shop tomorrow for Alain Silver, James Ursini appearance, and The Egyptian Theater for Noir.
Hot Italian Sausage - Recipe
I just finished a 3.04 mi run with a time of 34:05 with Nike+ GPS.
Theres no law saying I can't follow you
Gonna be up at on the border in irving watching this celtics game. Hit me up!
Keep true, never be ashamed of doing right, decide on what you think is right and stick to it.
Is it the plastic you object to? ;-) Boys will play "guns" regardless of what toys they are given. Sticks will work in a pinch.
Isn't it crazy how hearing someone's name you don't like can ruin your whole mood
I'm tired of workin
we were. Not any more.
I guess I am the troll for mentioning the poor souls he used. I will take the label gladly.
Meeting a fabulous old friend, then heading back to the land of music, bluebonnets and warmth. Oh, and far less pee smell.
f that. Phoenix vs NY final.
is currently operating with half power this morning. We are going to stay open as long as we can!
no pressure, eh?
#c2css12 Great responses from the C2C crowd! So wise!!! Dr. Hoss is engaging!
"iPhone is disabled. Try again in 22,108,902 minutes."
“Give a man a fish; you have fed him for today. Teach a man to fish; and you have fed him for a lifetime"
How awesome is it for your birthday's to fall on the same day. Continued blessings & happy birthday to you both.
I'm hella tired...
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week from the !
haha right, ready for some sun. Susie called me about helping w/ some photoshoots, anytime you need,gimme a call! :)
AW SHIT.....#AtTheSameDamnTime JUST CAME ON.....TIME FOR MY NECK TO SHAKE UNCONTROLLABLY
Senator Murray - I am a constituent of yours, and I opposed SOPA & PIPA.
The special is from 6-7pm tonight and the first Wed of every month!
ya but I like never play anymore
Smoking Session!!
That awkard moment when ppl think ur baby sister is ur daughter......
now im free, free faliin'. <3
he loves to hide out--as you can tell. :)
Little heartbroken. Oh well.
Im tryna figure something out. Idk yet
Please tell me you're sitting in that little dome hair dryer thing. :3
#URI students: Come meet Founding Director and learn about her plans for the Harrington School! TOMORROW Alumni Center 4pm
i can't take 1 more week of this then i have exames but not w/ them
Is @ Evo for the "How the Northwest was One" video premiere... this place is slammed full of people and its bloody hot - but its worth it...
Oh, I plan to try a new dish EVERY time. :) And healthy as much as possible.. haha
Fair enough. Worth checking out!
Sometimes I just want somebody to hold,someone to give me the jacket when it’s cold…
Eek! Darn predictive text... #smmbooklaunch w/ and
Excited for #dctweetup tonight!
80s, sun and cocktails.
#TCU to join
thanks for the follow. Beautiful pics, if that is the result of green juicing, I start right now. Look forward to your tweets.
even though you didn't choose Kentucky, good luck at either UNLV or Oregon
I see less of who i love the most, time's getting away, and we're so slow.
I WANT SUMMER!!
EARTH TO MICHAEL YOU GOT A DM FROM PEACH!!!!
Just spent my evening preparing salmon and lentils for my lunch tomorrow at work. It better not taste like crap.
Baby, Thinking Of You Keeps Me Up All Night <3
you have got to see LOL I absolutely loved Mael (Jeremy Kapone)
2-2 in 117....didn't defend that nearpost run on the corner well enough
well today is a good day for me because iam going to relax and enjoy my dad of not going to school
AND WHO BUYS ICECREAM WITH NO SUGAR -.-.-
Snowing at GSO, again...
Dominion VA Power shoot Wednesday, just an Industrial film, but I'll take all the work I can get!!
SO EXCITED FOR THE BOTH OF US(:
ok, this time for real. ocean beach>golden gate park>ocean beach.
The walk uphill to is not for the faint of heart--> workshop: Recovery of Wet Materials.
I can imagine the sounds of trains screeching
And if they replace the mic with a paperclip, they can turn the iPhone into a projectile weapon.
i want rico to borderline cry o_0 RT I want in !! RT : yo ama get ya punk'd next year..
My Name Is..
isn't that a crying shame
Uma Therman can't play Marilyn right. -.-
moms making cupcakes for everyone #don'tworry
Give a man a piece of someone else's dream and he will see for a day; bring his/her own dream alive and she/he will soar forever!
“ !!!“: Dick-Riding has never been a form of transportation.. You're likely to get Nowhere ✌””
Rocking the purple frames today!
Thinking Roberto Clemente, WEB DuBois, Ralph Bunche, George Washington Carver, Malcolm X (I know), James Baldwin, Josh Gibson, Denmark Vesey
The awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced people actually think you are stupid.
Crit Thnkng Wk 4: Selecting an option from a range of choices takes place the Assessment stage or phase of thinking?~D
Yep I show cooking Apps, and #ifttt in meetings & presentations
I'm worried that I'm gonna start dreaming about Temple Run
#LeatherShow Don't f-ing waste it Lester.
I'll be there too! Hope we get another win today :)
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars have a quarterback race on there hands!
A busy night. Coming up at 10&11, will we get more snow? Plus hear from the friends of a Vancouver man shot to death. What suspect said.
I bet the BUCS wins 8-6. Just watch
I've heard say sleep is a crutch for the weak. Never about food though.
Aww , never-mind I was wrong as well !
I want to move to another state “: I want to move to another city!!!”
I like how #SaySomethin is trending worldwide! Did we even try to trend that?
American classic, "Over the Rainbow" by American sweetheart, Judy Garland. The 1938 classic song is number one... fb.me/BI6k1BK7
Really! George Soros shud stage debate between Rahm & Ricketts, put it on PAYPERVIEW & raise a $Billion 4 Pres:)
well i can't remember much so I must have had a good time lol
someone tweet me. i'm bored af.
Check out my site, and sign up for my mailing list on the updates page. www.jennmello.com
#SuperBowl Who will be the hero and if the Giants score will they leave too much time on the clock?
“: I'm at the Bulls game and they're losing!” ||Watching at home. It's been an awful game. :(
I don't want to know. Closing my eyes from reading :)
o...I wasn't aware this happens to me.
how do we get the nox server to show up in the client? ò_ô
Good morning! Another nice day today and almost the weekend.
I wonder if you are a member of Twitter does that make you a twit?
It feel bustin a nut gettin back in the studio
The neighbors children upstairs are so fkn annoying. And so loud. I mean HELLO you have someone who lives below you.
#RHONJ you look amazing this season!
Another Epic Mom's Weekend ! Those Cougs know how to throw a party!
My notification tone is the sound of a bird chirping, I get fooled by the birds outside so much.
I'm sleeping over!!!
Heh. The Asylum nearly fooled me with that one. I'm still waiting to get 11-11-11.
and Steely, Merry Christmas to you and your family!!!!
RT : rookie day in NFL. Six rookie QBs start: Tim Tebow, John Skelton, Jimmy Clausen, Colt McCoy, Sam Bradford, Joe Webb.
Happy 9th Birthday to Jack the Bulldog! Hope that you and JJ celebrate with some cake today! Tombs tonight?
Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you
good night !!
Don't fall... the last time I rollerskated was in high school and I broke my arm.
Invite your friends and family we only need 22 more to make to 100 likes!
Anyone else getting tired of all the GOP debates?
Good morning tweedos! :)
📱 double click home button, press/hold an app until minus sign appears. Hit minus on all running apps. Will save batt
Hope the Nuggets shock the Lakers.
Listening to the sound check for #excited whoever iznt here?!?!!? Sux4u
At my mommas house I've missed my room and bed lol
we should win, we handed out gum. Did anyone else hand out the product? No, soo we win(:
FASHION TIP: Invest in a great colorful blazer for the spring.
Thanks! It was last winter but I still can' t forget it. They had me pinned up against a snow bank on a dark road.
Silveira is a woman in Science. She asks for us to expand opportunities and introduce girls to a diversity of Science opportunities.
all music should be positive, all music should be about positive stuff, like positive batteries or positive attaction, testin
Your demo! I loiked, I loiked indeed.
who knew picking out cleats would be so difficult
I'm passing through Hamilton after a whirlwind trip- really need to come see you here one of these days!!
Reining Cy Young Award Winner Clayton Kershaw is now on Twitter:
We are activating online Gift Card ordering for special occasions this month. For the time being however, phone orders only. Sorry.
I can't believe it's been a year.... Or how much has changed and how you are now...
what do you wanna know man lol?
We are one day closer to the weekend!!! Yeah!!! Happy Thursday!
hahaha well you have a right to be! I've been taking awhile with my new project! but it will be worth it! tell her i said hey back
Obama is asking Congress to pass a commonsense bill (the Buffett Rule) to fix the tax code & ensure that million/billionaires pay taxes.
I lost your number
Mike Brown should rest all the starters after 7 game series and down 30, but Kobe is too damn stubborn to let him. Ultimate competitor.
"Cook The Milano Inn way with 58 simple, delicious recipes! Purchase The Milano Inn Cookbook today. #recipes"
☼ Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace. Robert J. Sawyer
Thank you Sean for all you are and all you do! Right Back Atcha! BIG Hug! Jeris
I'm 30min away from Capitol square!
Loving Snow Leopard!
RT : RT : Q2) frankly my dear, I dont give a damn #lrnchat < sounds like ethically challenged ;)
nope too. Working hunniey (: wherre you stay ?
33 more hours until I fly out of LAX to see my new nephew. Might as well be a decade. I feel like such an Odysseus.
So happy that supernatural is in syndication
The reasonable man adjusts himself to the world. The irrational man persists in attempting to adapt the world to himself.
A POTUS who cares for the people, not just the richest people!
Just got the confirmation.....performing back in my hometown (Bessemer City, NC) February 18!!
how'd ya do that?
THANK YOU for the #iabc12 world conference! SO excited for #chicago! cc: &
Residential Water Damage Clean Up Call Statewide Disaster 888-822-9500 Michigan, Grand Rapids, Florida USA✪
Congratulations!!! Looks like you had a great time - can't wait to read this one!
Can't wait for the watch the throne tour in Greensboro!!!!!!
I'm back! And it got all sorts of Christmassy while I was away! Say hi to the rad CMA staff for me. Glad we had MCN!
Disappointed to find out 'woman in black' was not part of the men in black series. Plenty of kid death though.
nice. Well glad your feeling better!
RT : New bookmark: Problem-Based Learning in K-12 Education: Is It Effective and How Does It Achieve Its Effects?...
LOVE that pic.
Does anyone watch The Firm? Was it on last night??
We're celebrating John Hughes this week!
I give up. What the hell is that?!?
You really think so?
Day off - bored as hell - wasting time - that's why I don't like days off.
": Finish each day & be done with it. You have done what you could. Learn from it; tomorrow is a new day. -Ralph Waldo Emerson"
i saw... shes not hot.. bye
Last nights show was amazing! If you missed it you can catch us at Soma in San Diego December 17!!! Better come out
PLEASE AUSTIN PLEASE! follow me! !
if you're driving, you can take everything! Lol
#payday >>> hell yeah.
Francis David: "We need not think alike to love alike."
Tell me how people with no religion suddenly have religion when there in a tough place.
Welcome to twitter ! Check them out if you need a great place in Denver - it's near the Tech Center!
I heart you for that tweet. Yes, I do.
#FF & you will be glad you did..
Keep calm and carry on.
I watched us land on moon too although I was busy crapping my diapers and toasting Neil & gang with my bottle.
But life and death were in that glance
My bagpipe auditions are today.😁😨😃
Oh geez!
super skinny hasn't been cute in ages girl
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 6) When the guy u like doesn't always txt back...(but I can understand that at times he is busy)
4 minutes til next bus. Starting to rain. In a white t-shirt. Who will win, nature or Elisheba?
already added it, but it's competing with 3 other sessions already... :o
make sweet passionate love to each other
if you played a drinking game every time Mayock says "this kid' you'd be in the hospital for alcohol poisening.
who cares
It's hard to get people to celebrate Bach's birthday on March 31st, however; also, it's fun to join the bigger party. :-)
DEFINITELY all of the above.
In the morning: get earplugs.
Great article. I've been thinkin about my "unfinished" since divorce & this inspires me.
Upgraded to first class for free, good start to this vacation.
Im fye on skates I'd get Employee of tha Year lol RT “: <==== on roller blades at work” <=== now works at Sonic!
Appreciate your follow! I also love Florida theme parks!
He said, "lana rey, can you serve me lemonade?" I said "yes bill, I will, it's the day of the parade."
let's hangout !
Can you DM me your phone #?
Currently trying to trade you to Connecticut Topballerz but they don't think you're talented enough to get playing time.
Babysitting in La Jolla, one baby keeps calling me Papa -___-
That's IMPOSSIBLE! Cus the whole Universe knows that #ILOVEYOUMOST!! #BOOM! #ENDOFSTORY. XD.
could you imagine the royals doing that.
is it s a good sign when your boyfriend is in your whole dreamlike literally your entire dream & when he looks at you he just smilesC:
CHECK OUT THE FREE BUFFET AT 10PM TONIGHT! CONTOUR 1st Ave. Seattle
uploading the video now! great playlist too :P
7 (cont): As healers of the sick, they can be admitted to the harems of the east, which are inaccessible to the Christian man...
I lost so many followers :(
Thinking about stemming and lemmatization...
Horrible day...please get better SOON!!
Great show tonight!!! Hope you can still be a dog lover after all that, lol.
RT HUGE thanks to our partner for awesome giftage for #TEDxCLT! We can't wait to distribute them on Oct 15!
Good fight!
If I just get through tomorrow, I will be in Troy singing all day.
Money Make Me Come .
Oh look at that bless your heart...you're working hard to beat my Bejeweled score. Congrats on your 315,250 score. LOL
Junior year went by fast. Thank God senior year will be faster. Can't wait to get outta high school
So if you get a fortune cookie you always ALWAYS have to eat you fortune in order for it to come true:D So true thought I do this everytime!
Curated Communities - An Exchange with Jason Hardebeck, Executive Director, Greater Baltimore Tech Council (gb.tc) http://…
cheers bday girl
thanks for following :) I am a dog, if you hadn't noticed!
you better see me! And myrtle :)
absolutely! will be interesting to follow its opening!
just made the very wise decision to smash her finger rather than drop her TV.
"Listen n' learn, speak only wen you need to be heard" [GalloZ] keep #Grindin and be ready for the muthafuxin #TakeOver Follow
If u have food poisoning u won't be able to stomach the 11 pager. ba dum dum.
Need something to do this weekend...still tryna figure that out
Apr 10, 1942: Brooke: "I was amused at Marshall's reactions to Winston's late hours. He had a much easier time working with Roosevelt."
Hi Jessica! I just tried to email you but it bounced back. Is there another way to get in touch?
Happy Thanksgiving from Clarity Legal
Smith seeks bigger role with focused Buckeyes
: no great surprise that they are still seeking "more beautiful than you could possibly believe"!
Ain't nothin worse then a smart dumb nigga.
If everything around you seems crazy, maybe you are the crazy one...
“: Way back by is making my St. Patty's. #justsayin” you made ours!
Finna eat dis good ole breakfast I made
the vibe is ever positive in monona/madison area. support is everywhere ! i love hearing about gatherings nationwide, rallying in support
will do!
as a rangers fan never thought he was a #1 like he thought he was. #2, yes but not a #1. He also tweeted napolis phone # out
so what is the latest and greatest. i am a blue band fan.
#toonarmy #pray4muamba #nufc Let's get this win boys!
Had an awesome time in Hershey with my sister ! The NKOTBSB concert was so much fun! Going back home now.
All my favorite peeps: - bummed to not hear what all was said
Follow me!(:
Be over in a few for some yummy breakfast. RT : Watching A Christmas Story, getting ready to make Christmas bfast.
five days!!!
My husband had to call customer service Friday night and they were difficult to deal with. Things have been resolved but not pleased.
haha, im not even in town. im in Btown~ and i gotta see this comp lol
Job interviews all day ....if I don’t get a job quick, I'm going back to "work"...being broke is a bad look ...HAHAHAHA
Just keepin on keepin on. Happy Monday.
Ok. I'm done. This is too complex for tweets
ha idk bro, he has hits but I fuck with that song
you ready for college bro
None of my Medallion Press titles are available on Kindle. They were, but then Amazon got too greedy. There was no point.
great song .
Wtf theres an echo in my room?
heat game :D
we are running into that same problem.
wow that is intense. Looks like you did it well. Nice Job :-)
Did you say The Bun or The Bung?
I got $40
How does one show love to a fish? Do they like when you talk to them? Are they afraid of the dark? Does he get bored?
Hi i found you!
Even though I wanted Denver to win, I had predicted the Lakers to win. But OKC will be a problem for LAL. I also have IND & MIA going 7
Been listening to Adele's 21 for well over a year now and it never gets old.
May, June, July, August, September
#3more months omg yay cant wait
The doors of wisdom are never shut. ~ Benjamin Franklin
STUPID TWEET
At UC San Diego Rady School of Management for opening of new Wells Fargo Hall. A great addition to a great business school in San Diego.
Good morning #ilvolovers have a wonderful day ^_^ I love you all team + Mia team <3 <3 be safe
You can be an prick in relative anonymity! MT I like that I'm not a celebrity... I can call people 'retard' without apology
LOL , its more like Fuck It Thug Life ! :D
A haunting and colorful previously unreleased performance by the late Roman Totenberg playing Debussy's violin sonata in 1960. New from...
at the airport judging people on the way their dressed,& how their acting!! haha.
It looks like it will be time for the UK staff to put on full press to get Amile Jefferson. Has he delayed his decision because of Bennett?
really? so nothing required?
: Thank you!
Can any girl honestly resist a man in gingham?
#kids Mother's Day Brunch at The Stoneleigh's 'Bolla' in Uptown Dallas at The Stoneleigh Hotel and Spa, Sun, May 13 10:30a: Bolla, the...
when your parents let you drink#chardonnay with them (:
Going to Spin tonight? Pictures!
This show is going to be amazing!
I didn't hear them. No tornado warnings to warrant them going off!
love the liberia shirt!!
R.I.P. Heavy D. Was a huge fan of the music.
Is part of San Diego Restaurant Week dining in #MissionValley?
yup, its hot outside -_-
RT : MLB has denied the Phillies' protest of Sunday's game against the Marlins. Move along. Move along.
Buying a bootyload of apple juice so I can start a batch of hard cider
so glad you're in Florida (: I live an hour away from there! Enjoy your visit ! <3
iPhone just autocorrected a botched word to "picanha." IT'S LEARNING!
we are excited to see the this Wednesday taking over
I'm going to be in CT visiting libraries on Dec. 6th + 7th. If any of you lovely CT librarians would like to meet with me, pls get in touch.
: If it would have been me it would have been the other way around! lol Best to you in TB!
It could be a fuckin bologna sandwich ...but when you high, that shit gone taste like muthafuckin steak and shrimp nigga
thanks jeffrey!
Just got home. Back to back gigs. Goodnight.
Oh deer. Not Klicker Berries though RT KVAL News How did E. coli get in strawberries? Evidenc says deer bit.ly/oCUQOQ
Big congrats to our client BJ Gaddour CEO of StreamFIT for winning the Innovation award for Young Professionals Week!
Heart's gone stale... Hate comes rather easy this point in life.
i got to finish a video tonight
The NBA playoffs are exactly why we need Matt Meeks on Twitter. Right, turrah ... bon nuit.
#Sextip4Ladies while your riding his "DICK" and he says he is about to "CUM" jump off him to catch it all...don't miss a drop!
On the cata feeling sick as hell lol
Lump's milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
nmm text me
RT ": #thingsisaidinthe90s in west Philadelphia born and raised, in the playground was where I spent most of my days...”
Can't waste the day cause the night brings the Hurst make a move and plead the 5th cause you can't plead the first
I'm so sore, a massage would be nice 
lol yea my bad
At Las Olas. Our SoCal Sunday afternoon hang out. The best!
I am in FULL FAVOR of "the people" voting for what they want. UNLESS its AGAINST what I don't want (Amendment 1) then I dont like it!!!!
We won't be disciplined in anything we have spent our money on. We've only allocated money to areas of our soul.
There are, like, 75 different times in his political career when he could have stated his views.
Preschoolers learn most language skills from other preschoolers, especially from high achieving students.
Uh...I Wouldn't Say Everything Is Good :/ But I Have A Good Person In My Life =) And Everything Is...Okay =)
Cheese making class. Fri Apr 27. Feta, mozzarella, ricotta, and fondue.
it's draining all of me Oh they find it hard to believe I'll be wearing these scars For everyone to see
I just RT'd it.
The Vikings have outscored opponents 54-7 in the first half. They've been outscored 70-3 in the second half and OT.
c'mon don't disrespect me lol
:) RT : Hey there! I LOVE the new after-hours series & concept for November & hope to make it.
look forward to it.
I say yes. RT : For CodeMeet, I wonder if seeing each person's code in different colors would be helpful...
fair point... I'll try my hardest but I can't promise anything (;
Bout to go pick up some barber chairs for the new location at 42nd St & Chandler...Opening mid June '09!!!
I'm reflecting on my triumphant return to running. I feel like a machine! A slow machine, but still a machine.
Are you an ESL teacher ?
either way it goes your team still sucks lol
Happy to be sitting on your "to be read" shelf.
gonna have me writin bars til dusk, hot shit!
Four people have been killed in two months in a five by six block neighborhood in Baltimore.
Chinatown coffee at 5th & H NW, or Peregrine espresso in Eastern Market, are the two best IMO. Or sm coffee bar inside the Mandarin.
Just cause u have a child don't mean ur a good mother!!
S/O to FOLLOW HER!!
DJ OB-ONE crushing it at Studio 54, hung out with him last night. Amazing scene here, lights, sound, gogo dancers, amazing.
thanks for the #ff! And thanks for getting me back on twitter!
not as much as I like ur slaps!
Good Morning! (if you are reading this live, go back to bed!!!!!!)
What's your favorite ethnic food? I have to go with Mexican!
work at 11..so im bout to get up n a sec
Thats whats up.Guess you're my Twitter coach from now on? Lol.
I pretty much need YOU in my life. If anything, I miss our epic conversations. There's a corner in Fremont coffee for us.
my wife does that to me...I mean, for me.
While you guys have been away, we have been working on getting you more and better discounts!
my flights got delayed and I couldn't get to vegas, so the tryouts didn't happen. I was super disappointed.
RT : i think we're pro change right now, but what we're looking at down the road is really systemic change
We obviously won't be winning it all this year so rip off the band aid and get a deal done so we don't end up like Cleveland!
I don't see why not haha
That we do! www.armisticemerch.bigcartel.com
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom
will u plz fallow me its my birthday and it wauld make my day plz jhon cena:)
looks yummy, miss you too! Cc
Facebook... too cluttered?
RT : #wearing jeans, 5" megans, lavender heathered henley cinched w a brown belt, peridot chandelier earrings,
Yes you can!!! Thank you so much.
Max took care of him, which wasn't easy because his hobby was murder.
We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour.
Looking forward to the 2011-12 NBA Schedule being released @ 7pm on 's GameTime. #KIATipOff when do tickets go on sale?
We've got a lot more #FF to do - this week we'll still say nice things about you, but only if you retweet our message for the mayor!
you should have a concert in Sarasota,Florida like you did with New York pretttttttyyyyyy pleassssseeeeee
Winter = dry skin. Never rub your skin dry after showering/bathing. Pat off excess moisture apply moisturizer to moist skin.
Gosh its so hot .... I can't stand it
you are amazing
Looking for something to do this afternoon? Mo Phillips is playing at Jam on Hawthorne - 2239 SE Hawthorne - 5-7! See you there!
GM Everybody! Get up, get out, and get grinding.....go hard in whatever you do!
i miss #oomf .
Message me Followers ^.^
I live my life like a war widow left with nine invisible babies. I think realizing that is half the battle.
some guys really need to learn how to respect girls.
Sup D-Bizzle
motivation just came on 96.3, just the #motivation I need to keep working
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework.
Because of America's mismanage of money that is affecting the whole world, a new system is about to be set in place for one world government
Having beer with friends and my lovely wife @
Hey love :) could i get a follow :) loyal coconut xx
As of this moment, I don't like sweet potatoes.
I thought Hickory the Deer Hound won. He looks like a genetic goof, but cuddly in a uncuddly sort of way.
Your pathetic
This phone better stop playing with me and upload my Twitcon..
I just hit 1000 tweets, and I have no idea what I tweeted about the last 999 times :)
It's pretentious no matter WHERE it's from
Glad I have shitty friends and family. Thanks to all of you for fucking up my day.
23 opps for me we did 122 I think, how bout everyone else?
Walk in to red rooster Harlem 15 min before it opens. No one sitting at commuter tables. Told 15 min wait. Cya Marcus
I've been slacking I haven't been on twitter in ages.
never thought to use 'dtf' to describe a fragrance, but as usual snooki has brought new and exciting things to my life
just keep everything quiet ya? :)
Judge Sets Bail at $150,000 for Shooter in Trayvon Martin Case - fair?
Ray Allen mama told him to shoot that lol
looking forward to your appearance!
Wow I can't even post photos of my cousins now without thinking I'll get into an argument on them.
my life story. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger
Let us know right away if you have any problems at all! Thanks again for your patience!
You're right though. To win a championship, the entire team has to play at a high level.
Making my way downtown walking fast ice creams pass when I'm at cold stone
lol no it was just their time to go
oh no... why is that? I mean I don't care about library journal but #alatt?
'But he knew that things don't always work out for royalty' -Littwin
thank you as well for making us apart of it!!!!! Really excited!!!
Much dichotomy in USA. Watched Pres Obama's Easter breakfast then heard from man fired at hospice for sharing Jesus. It's Decision-time!
not til tuesday.
I'm stoked to finally learn who A is as I can't make up my mind.
Waiting for my food at a sports bar in the Denver airport, and then onto my next flight to Florida!
British children are losing contact with nature at a "dramatic" rate and their health and education are sufferin..
I got a profile picture. I know you couldn't wait to see my happy face :)
Son I am appoint. :) Lol I haven't even read those.
hey im calling it now:
Helluva game yesterday. Looking forward to watching you truck mofos more often.
Ugh. There's no place like home.
John has tattoo time between 4pm-8pm today and Gustavo has appointment time after 2pm!
Can't believe I saww oomf today !
thank u love :)
Lil romeo the best rapper alive!
you lie..
Happy Birthday Baby! I Love You :)
you live in a hole
what are you thinking will be real bad?
Adele's Ex is at a bar drinking his life away while popping pills.. Lol
Customer feedback about - "Changed my life as an entrepreneur...I now have 5x output with 1/5th the management." - great!
Washington stage guild>DC Eagle>rocket bar. Night of contradictions
<== Having a WONDERFUL day with my Baby!!! #LGBT She is SO amazing!! ♥
#AskAlexConstancio first thing you notice about a girl?
warm paninis with spicy coppola meat is delicious. Come for a visit.
you ARE strong. Forget those who bully you. I was bullied in hs for my weight. I'm now in college better than ever. Chin up!
13 year old tennis player & #ARathlete Delaney trains at and is ranked in the TOP 70 in the nation. Keep up the good work,...
There's nothing quite like getting a huge bill and a paper cut all at the same time.
It's your job to make sure Justin reschedules his flight.
If you are feeling extra kind today.. include in
At the westin for the night should be fun
I've lost 10 pounds. Not sure where i lost it from, but it's gone.
Better than Chris Brown playing bongos on her face.
thanks for the RT about the Imbolc article by
I acknowledge the fact that Lightbox is one of the most overused/borrowed things on the web, but it's just so darn useful and pretty.
"I don't bite" well that's just wonderful because my first thought was, "oh shit, this bitch is gonna bite me!"
Why u say he's lying
GOD MORNING~~~~~ HAPPY MONDAY :)
yes, thx RT “: And now it's in ours. RT "safelight repair, safelight replace" commercial is burned into my brain.”
Boarding plane for Denver, I get to sit next William J for the next 2 hours. I don't think I will make it laughing for that long.
Do professors who've failed you and caused you to drop out of college count? Because we've got plenty of those.
"...inhabiting multiple and mobile identities that fluctuate from situation to situation." —Ien Ang, Understanding TV Audiencehood
Hip: hip pain in flexion, abduction and outer rotation
Follow me pleasee!! :)
Damn I didn't win n I spent 35 dollars in lotto tickets lmao
I hope school sets on fire overnight
Tired being what you want me to be.
i know they crazy
When people think my daughter is my sister is it a compliment or a short joke?
& looking forward to being on the show tomorrow! How to stick to fitness resolutions & enjoy Super Bowl parties!
Love is the answer. Understanding that love is all there is may be access to incredible power and freedom-what do you think?
#SolidSound Update: The next Solid Sound Festival will be held June 21-23, 2013 at MASS MoCA in North Adams, Ma.
I guess so.
Kind of "Mad Men." We don't have scotch in the office, though.
; i laughed and realized it was an insult. -__-
Empire State Building lights blue tonight for Please take a minute and donate to to help fight famine!
glad to hear you are back to your fiery self!
Attending two workshops this morning on #Facebook & #Twitter for #Nonprofits at the #VegsoCommunityResourceCenter hosted by the
However, 1 must properly identify what those subjects are when they speak of "turning more progressive". It's not like..
can't wait to start classes
yes... and I would say that Russell Wilson will have a better pro career, even if BO does play.
Lets discuss that reunion/party UR planning for next year. A group cruise may be just what you need. A win-win 4 all!sailawaywithdavid.com
Is my name needed at the end of my tweets? They're under my account & I tweeted them. I'd use quotes if they were someone else's
Tomorrow: Writing an article, a press release, & some super, sexy marketing material for P.S. Don't tell
I don’t feel so bad, then. (Beautiful pic!)
It smells like old poop in the bath room. Is that even possible?!
Iguess not just yet...
around(; lets reunite! We have to catch up girlfraaand
oh yeah. Billy... I..m not about to spoil it for you
Please re-post the link - it didn't come through.
OMG FOLLOW ME MAYBE.
And other things!!! SO MANY OTHER THINGS!! ONLY CHILD OVER HERE(:
Episode 2 coming up on Tuesday! Our theme is Justice, and we'll be discussing 12 Angry Men, Deliverance and The Proposition.
Happy Thanksgiving from the TAASK!
I'm crying austin is gonna leave his friends but he's gonna live his dream now...
then that pill could never exist or people like that would constantly sue the company that made it for false advertising
I think I have been trying to have a conversation like you suggest is possible with someone @ here for two years, at least.
except for that high GPA of his, I clearly have all the qualities needed to run Apple too then!
Cabin in the Woods, y'all. W/
Sometimes I just love Wisconsin, but most of the time I just wonder why I live here
What a good night to bad was to lame for it
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
Sounds like a plan!!
does pike have an official national philanthropy?
Evan Turner was on point when he said that #Chicago was a way easier matchup than the #Heat .
Mack made some great adjustments at HT. There's a reason X keeps getting to the sweet 16.
My mother my mother...
hmm... should we have a competition to give away some VIP names today?.... 200 likes and we will! :)
yep...that's exactly it...much ado about the $2B loss...less coverage of the $100B put at risk
LOll!!!! Except a sh!t talker never say nothn they can back up, and can back up EVERYthing I say ;)
wow haven't seen that movie in a long time. Need to watch it to remember how good it is.
its just a fan page
One of my pet peeves is when people say Nevawwda. Idk man it just really bugs me. *shrug
Lindsay’s on down-Lo with ex? Lindsay Lohan is keeping her distance from ex-girlfriend Samantha Ronson — for business purposes.
So many options! My faves: Oyamel in Chinatown & the whole 14th & P area. Msg me if you need specific neighborhood recs!
only one true bf
It's weird how some of the best girls are single. But then again, they don't give chances to everyone so I can see why.
I told her do that she like then she f'n did it
Answer to yesterday's trivia challenge: GLOW stayed on the Billboard Hip Hop/R&B albums chart for 29 weeks.
: I was thinking. Wouldn't it be sweet if they made little Dew packets to add to water so you can travel with it easier.
Just to dispel any fishy tales... is ON in 2012! Official dates: 9/14, 15, & 16!!! Save the date and spread the word!!
google plus{google -}
Atlanta I know it's raining, but honestly... I like it wet.
Ah, so just females in general. I was thinking maybe you wandered into Victoria's Secret or something.
Appreciate the follow and we're now following too!
Congratulations on the starred review for Boy + Bot, Can't wait to read it!
#mla12 #s442 Inanimate Alice as intro to digital narrative, paired w/Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close as way to teach rdg modes in tandem
pictures of themselves not of other things lol
reading your replies to are so entertaining. You're hilarious
i can attest that EBY has been obsessed w/ peking duck since he was in high school
Ever have one of those days? Yeah I just lost 3 hours and not sure where it went.
ha! I only speak menu Spanish...
u off right bro?
I think I left my chia pet in the bathroom 3 wedensday ago
With as much as I learn from Stackoverflow, I could only imagine how awesome a peer coding session would be.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work. - Kahlil Gibran
Why do you think I never geotag my tweets or photos?
umm... so people are biting off each others fingers now?....
Alright bitches Follow my fucking gay ass Facebook. Facebook.com/heartsoflonely FYI its more for my store. Just saying.
Software #l10n tip 9: Test. Test. Test. Testing by trained localization QA professionals is an integral step in the translation process.
Dmv2u no waiing in line call me for an appointment
Living the life at the latona 20th anniversary cask fest. 13 casks!
done! I got the popcorn if u bring the bon-bons. We must convert we'll be serving "the craft" real ness lol.
Get better soon Josh Matthews
Going to McDonald's for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
yeah its not cool being sick, hope you feel better make sure you follow J-LYRIC & MTG EVENTS
If an apology is made through the media, does it count as an apology?
First period. The only that is keeping us in the game is vokoun
A clear conscience is the sign of a fuzzy memory.
There's a trend that I can get behind.
it's worth a shot man. And u can't score if you don't shoot.
But of course!!
#LoveIsLike a butterfly If you chase after it #ItWillFlyAway But if you are patient and sit still long enough it will land into your hands.
I CANT CLAP MY ASS IM NOT THAT BLACK
No problem, Yash. Follow for thorough info on
Hey there, (BiotechReport), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
everyone and everything at school is starting to get me P'd off ... 24 more days...
Check your text. :)
I don't listen to country music, kid.
1st fa-la-la ad of the year: KS lottery wins. We all lose.
if u like mw2, u'll def like this
Thanks, man!
UNITED meaning pull together, shared, collaborative, link, join. In the mist of being UNITED there is INCLUSION. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
thanks for tweeting about my blog post. Out of curiosity, how did you find it?
Thats bonding time & i guarantee it makes you closer :)
He says I'm a fine young fellow
Dylan Charf is the last surviving munchkin from wizard of oz
Missing him so MUCH!!!! UGH!
Nothing like Indiana melons for breakfast to start the day right.
OK and u
Then she said smthn stupid. BLACK men will only cheat on Wht girl w/ another Wht girl. Rofl BITCH i fucked my frenimes bf she was white lol.
could be? sorry i don't have more information. if it's not resolved by tomorrow, check with
Vilma has no case for defamation, but he is going to force #NFL to produce some of their EVIDENCE or pay him off.
I can go now. Lolool. My mom's gonna drop me off at the high school before wor
gladly, hopefully we can resist eating it - who doesn't love squeeky cheese from
What part of that outfit makes you feel cute ?
Safe travels Buddy :)
turn that frown upside down!
Wow can I get a personal trainer?
Easy now, Grasshopper. I love Durantula, too, but LBJ has been playing UNREAL ball all season. Going to be a sweet Finals.
Welcome back to a busy Spring semester in the Women's Studies Program... stay tuned for coming information!
Touring the Carlsberg brewery today!
the economic crash of 2008 incurred about $108,000 per US household in costs and stock and house-price losses
It's one thing to talk bad about me and stalk my life. But to do the same to my friends bc you can't get any play between the 3 of us?
The food channel : wonderful tips for delicious and easy dishes. CHECK OUT Emeril
Yesterday, Mike n I got to hang with 30 Urban Pastors/Planters (thks ) n then Marriage Bootcamp , chillin wit fam today.
Welcome to the twitterverse !
Yooo Follow My New Page Thanks!! I'm deleting This One
Well, so much for this being a good weekend.
Murder @ the motel 6 next door to my apt complex. Had my truck searched in order to get through the police lines. Always a great day starter
Text me
I keep thinking bout that thirst monster at loca Luna that was hilarious to me
Ah home sweet KC
say what?!
“Just remember, when you should grab something, grab it; when you should let go, let go.”
hah I just happened to see your tweets and I was like "she's at it again" LOL
So knew my former Porn as a Film Genre professor.
may or may not have laughed & cried while reading this. Silently of course bc I am "working"...
: 7 vegan friendly restaurants down here at our Key West wedding!
haha, yes. Still here. Just been in back-to-back meetings all afternoon. Helicopter left, but recently returned??
you two make an awesome team. Miss you both.
Interviewing with the "Young & The Restless" Casting Director tomorrow.....wish me success!
Got an interview at J.Crew
Thanks boo <3 I plan to come out soon... idk when but real soon... xD
Yep. Putting in a movie and going to sleep. Totally. Exhausted.
One of you got me, the other Ms America.
RIP Steve Jobs - a true visionary...
yeah ... the roof apparently blew off Navy Pier's Skyline Stage ...
Other people singing annoys the fuck out of me...
quitters never when and winners never quit!!
hey there, how are you? its actually a wharton event, would let you know otherwise - hows everything going?
Haha. Yeah, Josie just farted on my lap and I couldn't stop laughing. Doesn't mean we have to *act* 33.
you should be ashamed of yourself. You have bad PR on your hands. Who's giving you advice?
Are you patient or more passionate.
It doesn't appear that I can win in this town. I put together a plan that beat the Bengals in Cinci and I'm still too conservative.
#BOYFRIENDReview u did it J!! i'm so proud of you!!! boys were listening to it today in class
Sources tellme that I am already sick of the Rob Lowe Irsay quote. Everyone using it in their stories. Come on be creative!
#worstmovietitles "The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies" yes it's a movie. Hard to believe I know
I love it when a plan comes together. Thats what happens when you call the A-Team.
ha! I'm trying. hoping his gas passes soon, lol!
Get the most from your healthcare benefits by being an active participant! #Linton&Associates 505-247-1530
Just started Middlemarch on my #kindle. Is it normal for free books to have formatting that's a bit off? Some new paragraphs aren't tabbed..
Arctic Monkeys off to a hot start tonight. Blazing!
#ABCin2012 RT And infrastructure plan is also ripped from Golding's Public Safety Ordinance. How great that turned out.
Worth the wait: The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
"We're going to catch those thieves red-handed." "What color are their hands now?"
That reggae goes perfect with the warm weather we've been having. Now I'm compelled to dig into my music archives for more.
Are you going? Will we see you there?
is awesome. Great website very informative.
RT! almost at 3000 followers, help me close the gap. To all my followers a big thank you, to my non followers..... Check your dome piece! (:
Kaeden: why don't celebs respond to Fans on twitter. Me: Because they don't know who you are, and they don't want to get personal.
That sounds like a plan friend!
It's looking great! All my friends are real shocked how it turned out. I can send you a link this week for you to review. ...
YEAH! i love/d it. i do give in occasionally but would eat it all the time if i could.
some of us are out at LSP
“: Why is dinner time such a challenge with a 3 year old? #serenitynow” Add a 6 month old and you're describing my evening.
Drinking beer for Cinco de Mayo? Try "Pacifico" (mexico) great alternative to corona!
My heart just burst into a million little hearts! I didn't even know this was happening. & 4 $10! I got 2 tix. Thank you, doll!
When starting your home business when it gets tough don't ever give up!
Happy Fathers Day to all you hard working dads!!!
Less red tape that way
#FF to and for being such loyal fans of ours
we can go back if u want lol
Mornin munchies sucks
I'll gladly continue living w/out money, success, love, security, friendship & the respect of my peers as long as I get to keep my freedom.
none of that I just want my inseminated kids and I'll be fine.
Please join us on Monday November 21, 2010 for Andy Ebon The Wedding Marketing Expert at the Intercontinental Hotel Ohare.
True growth occurs when new learning forces you to "reorganize" internally. Bruce Roselle speaking on leadership
All filler, no killer
#SMWpolitics: #facebook essential for news: comments raise tone of conversation (no anonymity), social media reader shares content.
You know I'll be following you!! Can't wait!
A dog's whiskers -- found on the muzzle, above the eyes and below the jaws -- are technically known as vibrissae. They are...
I want to go out!
Maybe we should just start and close Chapman? That would solve all of our problems!!!!!!!!!!
Excited to hear some great speakers today!
UPDATE: Crash I-205 SB before the Gladstone exit is mostly on the left shoulder...still backed up before Hwy 224/Milwaukie exit.
Thank you SO much. Your support is tremendous! We can't wait to show you the newest build of the game at !
Only with can I sit in a parked car for 2 hours and be completely entertained the whole time.
well, you will prob win considering how many times you've entered! :)
ima clean my room today. for real. I keep putting it off.
I think Molina missed tagging Kawasaki.
Black is slimming, not a miracle
Or the time she drowned and a lifeguard had to save her..... 2 WEEKS AGO!
I just really hope that you think of me
Love being a mommieee
US degree attainment flat at 40% over last 40 yrs. Used to be 1st in world, now 10th.
Brewers time! Then out for Jakes birthday
I look so good in that dress. life's too short to not feel AWESOME every time you get dressed.
hahah I knew it!!! It was one or the other haha
RT : He that drinks fast, pays slow.- Benjamin Franklin
Eating wasabi chocolate and knowing is grossed out, even if she can't see it.
Need a little Holiday Cheer? Stay tuned our Holiday Sweeps, starts Monday!
Shooting some emotional scenes tonight on With a comedy button ala
Emily and Katie are behind the bar, making a delicios array of cocktails. Isn't it the perfect night for a drink made with love?
Just signed a birthday card for , not a bad way to end a Friday.
curious to hear your thoughts on the #sunstroke app. interested in an ios fever client, but no reviews out there of it
Too much, they say, will the overbearing Apollo be, and he will greatly hold sway over immortals and mortal men upon the grain-giving fields
haha, that's actually a good gift. I didn't know u we're so close to Napa!
the wanted sing "glad you came" and its a really good song u should listen to it :)
yeah but i dont have my phone back yet i had to send it in and get a new one
"Under everything just another human being. Oh, I don't wanna hurt, there's so much in this world to make me bleed."
I am trusting GOD for great things! How about you?
You're my fav outside of MN. Alfonso is my fav here.
Ah you found me on Twitter... Stalker!
How on Earth was "Chip n Dale" a kids' show on the Disney Afternoon...talking chipmunks.
I was thinking that I should do the same!
put a claim with your bank, so we assume that you received your refund unless the bank or you contact us. Again, we want you to
the silver is awesome! i thought it would be light but it really rocks. the orange was light
good seeing you today!!
: You too! Ate way too much nonessential bread, but was totally worth it. Hope you had a fabulous day, too!
WALKING THE HALLS is premiering on Lifetime, Sat at 8pm. Live twitter party with the cast during the premiere.
can i get a shoutout? :)
You wanna hear some edgy comedy? www.freakshowradio.com
you know I will. :)
you're welcome!
Top of the Hub highest spot in Boston listening to jazz of bassist Brian McCree on his annual tour He's composed music for my projects too
What a glorious day here in Boston, Massachusetts! Enjoy it because in like 2 days you'll be freezing your titties off!
Your history is meant to guide your destiny ... not decide your destiny
I'm a little envious.
RT : I enjoyed our conversation too concerning citability, esp as it applies to what I've been pondering: Recovery Act funds.
what ya doing?
lmao lucky! Did u talk to her??
Thank you! RT : the best!
oh fun fun stuff bird :) im so excited that your still wanting to go there
A3 agreed, augmented reality could be very useful, maybe with in-stadium activation on signs/posters
hm how about April 2013?
we must be the #AllNightClub 'round here
Augmenting reader actions into "altmetrics" as part of digital scholarlship <- Privacy, conflict of interest, open access, IP
you two really know how to lift the spirits :)
Slow down and everything you are chasing will come around and catch you.
Watching favorite show.
mirror pic soon
I need this bank to approve my car loan go I can get my baby tomorrow!
School was lame.
Yoga yoga yoga all day long. Well for an hour. But that's pretty good.
Morning, kitty kats.
lol @ "anti-clutch" RT“: Lebron is the Anti-clutch.”
Dublin Summer 2010 Deadline Extended to February 22! Apply now and experience Irish culture with an Irish professor and excursion trips !
I'm seriously burnt out on math and engineering problems =/ Do I seriously still have 2 1/2 years left of this? =/
I will shoot with you !!!! But I will also drink with you....
#whattheworlddonttalkabout why gas is so high
Hey:D
yeah, i just hope he isn't sad/depressed...
Had to impulse buy a wallet because the duct tape one finally decided to melt in my hand. Have to spend money to...carry money?
I'm at listening to Hall & Oates. Where is ?
Why set your sights so low? I'd go for at least 30! RT How do I invent a clock with 25 hours?
Like beyond garbage bruh...the pacers??
Biz is great
thanks, we'll look into it.
TnT at the Luxor is open late tonight...come on down!
I feel complete.
Love u forever! Good Night <3
If you dont want it... I do!! lolol(:
So are those Parks & Rec/Community/30 Rock rumors true or what?
#GuessThatSong 'i stare at my reflection in the mirror, why am i doing this to myself'
Doctor Who returns tonight!
how do people do really cool things with text in video? flash? after effects?
aww man that's no good :( The tickets you bought will still work though whenever it gets rescheduled so hopefully we'll still
nope lol besides I was just playing with them anyway
recall: Another dog food w/ Salmonella- Solid Gold Health Products 4 Pets(El Cajon, Ca)- WolfCub Lg Breed Puppy & Solid Gold Lg Breed Adult
: I'm trying to do the KP clone thing!! Let me know how I'm doing!
Congratulations Stan! Well deserved!
i cant wait to see you bro! =)
great! if you happen to miss it, we can work out something else.
Nobody will be able to cover Saving All My Love For You, it's off limits for any tribute.
Jake owen coming out!! Love his smile
Bye bye Silvio
so,excited to watch Make it or Break it tonight, I really wanna know what wrong with lauren
one more week
any plans for an API to create custom panels?
which minivan did you end up buying?
Thanks to my good friend who helped me change my twitter name! I use to be Thanks Ray!
“: #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle "For Colored Titties"” lmao I like that one
True story :)
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.
Thanks for Wolof dictionary - great resource! Any chance you know where to find a Serer dictionary -another Senegalese tongue.
how is tht even possible
Okie dokoe. I just realized something. The chances of A. & retweeting me and following me is one in a mill.
follow this dude.
So cool hospitals are using twitter. Maybe patient care will benefit.
#cnndebate: The Handmaid's Tale + some post-apocalyptic dystopia that is too frightening to be written.
It's all wrong. It's like in those stories, where they said "We got ours, go fuck yourselves."
Ay I already miss yo face!!!
dont worry about it, he'll do it when you least expect it. :)
What's the reason for such strong words to come against, with almost less restraint, when it comes to especially the Christian faith?
Night x
Bouta get faded up @ Guzman's Barbershop!!
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.~Jackie Robinson
And the train is off like a herd of turtles.
RT 3 days w/o exercise makes Skibba an unhappy girl.
I hit a Tweet limit. This is my back up. :)
it's a good way to meet the people in Paris who have bandages and neosporin, though.
don't let the bed bugs bite, literally!
- \ˈspēk-ˌē-zē\ is always sipping on something, last night it was a 2009 Groffiere Clos de Beze! Thanks for the follow!
Is there any love in this world
If you call having your ear lobes stretched;gauges,I'm going to judge you.
People suck at communication.
no..? Like 20 minutes
Actually made it thru my Birthday and should be released from hospital tomorrow afternoon! Yeah!!! Go team Jnette
Good Morning!! Remember this day is what YOU make it!! :)
right?! LOVE him!! <3
great quote
Holy shit me too! Like my bathroom is filled with all this face stuff lol. I obses over my face!!
I need 100+ followers. Can I please get a shoutout and some more followers. I love Harry Styles so you gotta help me.
#TheKilling did it again! Excellent!
The more the merrier - Pasadena Weekly
haha your so stupid, because what im saying has nothing to do with her life, get it thru your head!
It's been pretty crazy here today too! i'm sure would agree! normally i don't mind mondays...
The Throwback Mixtape will be released at MIDNIGHT!!!! www.CalDashE.com for FREE download!!!!
I don't have dinner made either!! Where's la conguita when u need them!!
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have. ~Zig Ziglar
Hasted Kraeutler is please to announce its participation in Pulse Miami December 1 - 4
Super thanks for the follow, What are you #producing these days?
GOT A BITCH WE CALL HER INDY SO WE RIDE HER LIKE 500
The session on the results of the US History exam was fascinating. A lot of thought goes into designing & scoring the tests.
Fortune favors the bold and life is exactly what you dare to make it. So, let’s boldly dare to make your life magnificent!
Rock out with the Crown Kings Tonight!!! 9:30pm Sam Adams promo 8-9pm
Did you check completed listings? You can get an idea of what others have sold for recently.
The United States is not a theocracy.
thanks for sending that!
pandora would be straight if it didnt have ads & if it had a repeat button.
Thank you! Home now. Time for wine and some peace and quiet.
"Groups Team Up to Turn Free Online Courses Into Cheap College Credit" via
hey..you guys ok out there with those tornados??
Wisconsin Republicans elected in 2010 were not legally eligible for recall-- we would have won this thing otherwise
Take the day off tomorrow. You'll want to watch Episode 1 of "Terrible People" over and over.
lol for real
We're excited to partner with The SBO Network event on Cleantech is Thursday night at the White Stag Block.
you on Skype?
im so sorry </3
Busy day today. Hasbro commercial audition and meeting with another agency who could rep her in print. Then back in time for ballet class!
Feelin like shit. Going to school anyway.
Booked 2 groups for this weekend :) It's going to be BoNkErS!
i'm strong minded but I can't but let certain stuff effect me
Twilight Zone marathon is the bizness!!!
denver is the only airport i've been to in a while with free wifi. wheeeeeee!
The only thing that would make this instant coffee bearable is bailey's.
SPAMMER ALERT!!!
No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent.
Check out the new Hit single!, Break Me Down ft.Timothy Haze!!!
Hell yeah! RT : This weekend introduces Saturdays with beginning at 10PM.
Yes! Will send u an email! & it's not too cold - high 40's, can I see u?? RT can u suggest some fabulous lunch & dinner spots?
On today a mob of teenagers, robbed a young man and I witness the attack. I helped him and prayed with him.. Chicagoans learn to snitch!
The expo is FREE! :-) Yeee-Ha. Look forward to meeting you there
lol..so you are lucky;)
there's a Christmas bar. We're doing holiday planning at work. :)
Dear , we heard you're with a 15k in your future?
Sorry I'm late overslept
So many songs about walruses that it's annoyingly hard to search for a clip of a walrus singing.
o.O
haha thanks guys! Congrats to ya'll too!
Oh no! is giving a talk at UC Irvine on the day commemorating the #Nakba - organizing over biopolitics this time, I'm afraid.
Hey & – we're gaining momentum in advance of 04/28 and would love to talk to you about what we're up to.
the Chi Tribune needs a source for a story on reckless driving. Please call me at (312) 337-7746.
love and rockets, yall. Not that ive read it or anything
Regular patron had a large box of cookies sent to the #Library. That's the kind of surprise I'm talking about.
Tweet your #deal terms and space criteria to using the hashtag #RECon12 and we will RT
Since the dawn of time, female servants have been addressed as "saucebox" and "pert." In Samuel Richardson's _Pamela_, ...
best bet is to hit up . GL
did u post anything about the #feminismLIS unconference ?cheers all thx
And next week is the last time I get tested.
I just watched the new Oprah special with Lady Gaga. I gained so much love and respect for Gaga after watching that.
I guess so .. on that note I'm going to bed .
hanging out with you ;)
Combos, a honey bun and Twix is a well-balanced lunch, right?
: -- thanks so much! Glad you like it!
Drink some water! Right now!
wait....pic of brian or holly?
Happy Sunday people!!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW.. SEE YOU THIS SATURDAY AT #COMMON SPACE #PARTYALLWEEK.COM FOR MORE INFO
Very true! But he's not a historically poor 4th qtr player...only one bad series last year vs #Mavericks. Hope all is well!
So we decided against camping in the forest in the rain on Friday the 13th, yet I'm still watching the film.
Considering to Pose as a Service Animal Trainer to Exploit People with Disabilities? Think Again!!! Read full story on www.crtasa.blogspot
wat time shuld i pick u up?
what?! Put it back! I still owe you a bday present.
anytime for me is good :)
just constant fighting between either me and my parents or my sister and my parents
Please help. I need three WRs to start. D. Jackson, A. Boldin, V. Cruz, T. Smith, or D. Driver?
Diduknow:No matter what products say, theres no way to mend split ends. Once you have them, the only way to get rid of them is to snip them!
Here's a little Christmas short they showed in theatres in 1946. Happy Holiday's to all!!
Goodnight! It was nice talking to you! :)
Hey Justin got couch space? Maybe just big sleepover at the Alamo roadhouse?
PB&J ....late night snack
That article seems to be suggesting that it is warranted.
Sometimes when U stop looking 4 what U want, what U need finds U ♥
At Carrollwood Day School
A new country?!?! South Sedan congrats on your new President :) Who'd of thought in our lifetime
Here's another test, let's see what other b.s. spammers come my way after changing my pw once again ...
just made a good ass knocking breakfast!!!!! <3
thank u
Come out tonight to Adams Morgan Day 18th and Columbia Sts NW! 5pm
Trying to determine where I will be most productive today...This, in itself, is extremely unproductive.
I saw all of the promos, but The Shirt is definitely my favorite. Can't wait to see an episode, looks hilarious!
RT “: Respect is earned, Honesty is appreciated, trust is gained, and Loyalty is returned.”
the cubs are coming back! lol
I wish I knew how to drive a stick shift. that'd be so fun :)
#ConfessionHour Some of my friends think just because i like pop music im going to hell
Aww, thank you! :) I'm doing good, how are things in Nashville?? Btw, have you heard about the new pet at Zach's house?
Home alone. Blast the sad 1D songs in one room while eating a bucket of ice cream across the hall in another room? YES!
She just has to say something every week.
now playing Mighty Healthy... RAP DEREK JETER! HAHAHA
No, I never saw that one. Awesome. Angry people are cool. We make people angry weekly.
also if you do have a show here ill get as many people I can :)
all time and ill try this weekkend :)
I'm just going to say it: If you've ever asked, "do we need a Facebook page?" the answer is "no"
If u get 5 or more ppl 2 watch the show next week, I'll make the next one about unicorns POOPING rainbows & dedicate it 2 U!
i peed a little when i saw 's tweet. THATS MY BROOKE. THATS THE BROOKE ON THIS ACCOUNT. YOU GO MY LITTLE HONEY BOO BOO
A nice dinner w/my wifey.
Can you export it to a new file type? Or reopen and save as a new type?
Who will "like" me now?!
If I don't follow you back right away that mean Im still looking for a tweet that sparks my interest! I dont find one, I dont follow!
those are so cool!!! You rock Alli!!
What are you doing today on this nice Saturday?(:
Wow i need more followers...
working on the video footage we made during the cd recording in the studio. Takes a lots of time to put it all together
"Fuck with the Wolves; we startin' to bark viciously. Catch us in a pile of bodies where dead bitches be."
Been listening to alot of drake lately I like some of the older shit better
"It's never crowded along the extra mile." - Dr. Wayne Dyer
White Sox baseball
aw, thanks to you too and right back atcha!
Me and my twin 3minutes apart
will let you know! I've got family there, so you never know!
There are over 700 students at "The Great Gatsby" right now!
he picked miami?
nice man, happy to hear this remix on the air! Hope people come check us tomorrow night at the New Parish!
Yeah, hills probably not so fun in the snow...
Everyone is a genius at least once a year
Sending shout outs to fellow #indiehorror friends & , wishing them the best on their current projects.
lol you just better come to school tomorrow !
Mrs. Janice's 73 birthday was Friday! She's been there for me ever since I was born! #LikeAGrandmaToMe <3
Jacobs almost looks like the Jacobs of 3 years ago.
you not doing podcast anymore? Last one I see on the site and itunes is the Dallas game.
Because he was leading off in the 8th and they needed to score a run. Just because they didn't doesn't make it wrong.
Im having a great day!!
please follow me on instagram-pinkglitter758 it would mean so much to me!!
Tanger that was awesome, you got robbed
