Fuck it, er'body can get it.
hahahaha YES, thank you for keeping me up to speed!
The first #LIBR046 class is complete. Viva Dallas and #alamw12 and #el12ala!
I love those little moments when the magic of theater reminds me why I love what I do! It makes everything so worth it!
lolol!!! I was rooting for yall - I HATE Ohio State.
Tomorrow we will be closed for a private event from 10 till 5:30. Just a heads up.
Kobe face right now was priceless!!
oh thanks so much Brittany!! It's a work in progress. ;) Loved sharing all of your gorgeous mani photos!
was he white?
Now we are hearing from Jack Altman. He is sharing about his experience as a young Jewish boy in Poland.
The first thing I do upon coming home is love on my cats. Sleeping quickly follows.
Today we are celebrating Managing Partner,Gary Marcoe’s 52nd birthday.Visit S52 Coral Gables TODAY to enter to WIN a Chef’s Table Experience
Stay young and wild as long as you can #wordstoliveby 👍
.... well I was in denial and hoping that I was special anyways. NOW IM NOT SPECIAL ANYMORE :'(
this bucket list is super long and amazing c; Next time we hang out Imma make you make your own copy!(:
♀Be careful who you trust and tell your problems to. Not everyone who smiles at you is your friend.♀
One plus: In SD, I can pretend that Samir Nasri isn't among the sky blue blurry blobs doing the celebrating.
June 1st?? i get out June 15th!!
hey, that's great! It's going to be a really great program.
Spanish world tour is off to a great start. 4 course meal, rotates each week, chef dan jacobs. January only. Italy, february.
Bauman Rare Books in Palazzo is unfairly awesome. Among displays: Matisse-illustrated Ulysses, 1st ed Huck Finn, Shakespeare second folio...
Waiting until the person taking your order is looking to put money in the tip jar
so my voice is gone from getting in a arguement
#FFBANK ...good people who are going places, I have a feeling
My sis in law, the best
thanks for coming and see you tomorrow night!
Smashed up integrity
Why I can't stand the NBA playoffs schedule: OKC and Memphis played last night. LA and Dallas play TWICE between the next OKC/Memphis game.
Switched sessions - now talking about marketing to teachers!
Anyone notice mr stock market down 6 straight weeks. Good thing my clients know how to sell short and use my service.
Returning to a long-delayed project: wrote up some new notes / sketches today, and then found a near-identical set of notes from April.
spurs should be ready to compete for another chip
BTW, all the lovely photos from the Isametd show were taken by talented #Indy photog Kevin Lilliard. #ThankYou!!!
WooHoo! Totally watching #Revenge tonight! I love that show.
thanks dale:)
Lehrer: Politician is not a bad word. Without them we don't have government.
yep! Waiting for Indy now.
": #NoMatterWhatImGonna Try, and try again. RT if you're determined." If at 1st u don't succeed dust yourself off and try again.
Come on Aggies
Bruce Irvin? Yikes
When did your personal opinion become the barometer by which you lead our country?
If i dont show it doesnt mean i dont feel it...
And Barry Alvarez and Ryan Evans are here too. Can't wait to see if Ron Dayne shows up.
As far as I am concerned Sunny D is in fact orange juice :p
Mystikal.... I was so afraid to see his new video... I just knew he was still holding on to this braids
and now thanks to these questions im sitting at home playing dammit on my guitar
Bookmarks and press releases are not marketing.
hey im bored pc4pc????
I wonder if it's also cuz social networking era & branding make everyone seem "accomplished" to some extent, so no one is special.
It's always a great day to paint in America's finest city.Call today for a free estimate and see why our motto is "We Love to Paint" Mr.D's
RT : Keep your "I love you's" up to date!
Followers-see you at African Arts in the Park Festival : Bridging African Rhythms & Jazz. #AAIP Aug 11&12, 2012 Point State Park Dwntn Pgh.
#GoingRed with cream of buckwheat and berries. I know I keep eating this, but it is so healthy, tasty, and #glutenfree!
Why does every restaurant close on Monday night? You'd think one or two would stay open and own the market?
Me too! Only last one not a problem! ;-)
RT I'm sick of being the guy everyone comes to when they want the money I owe them.
I wanna play with you
Having a romantic getaway or Spa Day with a friend? Enjoy a luxurious spa treatment of your choice. Our spa professionals come to you.
maybe you just need to "walk it off"......you loser!
are you sending it this weekend and can u send a business card too?
Listenning to the B.o.B mixtape E.P.I.C!
Thanks to all who braved the weather on Saturday night to converse with Courtney Smith and to celebrate our newest exhibitions on view!
Back from Thanksgiving weekend in the Bahamas. Caught a bunch of wahoo! And almost went overboard bc it was so rough!
Bank of America is UN-believably inept! #banking No wonder why their stock is in the toilet! And to think I helped bail them out!
YOUK never should have gotten engaged...
It bothers me.
": BLUES SCORE! Andy McDonald scores a power play with 8 minutes remaining and the Blues go ahead 2-0. #bluesplayoffs"
Ugh, I just asked if we could take this amendment by consent.
ok! if you want syphilis and gonorrhea go right ahead!! Lol
i can admit i'm a nerd...or am i? ha! RT : sweet ringtone in class today! mad props for anything Star Wars.
if you haven't fig'd it out yet I have to go to redeem GC area... from what my kid is telling me.
There's a lag with the small press books like CARNAGE ROAD, but I'm sure Medallion's distributor will get THE FRENZY WAR to CA soon!
Lol. Knew you'd be all about the double L.A. matchup in the next round. Done with the S.A Stuff. Clips are young & exciting
at the Philadelphia Centennial Exhibition
yo bro I have pick six in a twelve team league running back I'm looking at assuming the top three backs are gone who I pick?
Warning: All you can eat Sushi at Go Fish on Tuesday nights does have a down side. I feel like a beached whale!
The Sanford PD makes Barney Fife look competent.
muahahaha we do miss flopsy we top notch x
is having lunch with the rightful long lost Grand-Duke of Luxembourg, who was stolen as an infant by gypsies.
I figuring Frolik will get the call...but would love to see Saad for Shaw!!
you guys just got off vacation and you're complaining for another one??
Grenade through ya window, bitch, like WHOA.
Yup, yup! RT : Somali pirates, Gaddafi's son, now bin Laden - do NOT fuck with Obama, he's Gangsta!!
haha it sure is!
If I could, I would show you my new, amazing, purple #LifeProof iPhone case. I'm in love. (I'll try to snap a pic in a mirror soon!)
I hate dead baby jokes :P UGH! Shut the heck up.
thank you miss Cindy!! Have a fantastic day!
But for #WrestleMania, wasn't the Uecker seats ring side ;)
Today my road to success IS under construction. Ugh, tres idiot!
I strongly dislike numbers. Why is there so much math today?
Happy Food Day!!!
What kind of hiking backpack should I buy?
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 4
so very true. hopin thats how i can get it done if all goes according :)
I said hi for ya!!
so excited my #insanity is on the way. so looking forward to looking & feeling amazing!!!
so mean :(
im tired and its winter and my voice sounds weird when im tired
An amazing woman, an amazing story and an even more amazing heart. #FollowFriday (via )
you look like a person i wouldn't want to have tea and some sort of cracker with
Oh, each hour starts over. Interesting
who do i contact in your cap to get an interview with you for www.awwman.net
need more followers come join me on twitter and i'll follow you back
Yes: “Big Generator” Listening the old-fashioned way: Very loud (no ear buds, floor shaking, possibly annoyed neighbors).
it's there not their
Ouch!!!! Germ-X on a huge huge cut! I am literally screaming from the pain still!
hope you feel better. I thought tackling was in football
what's going on here? SOMEONE here is abusing my kindness
TONIGHT @ The Nashville Outfit (1421 2nd Ave. N)! Telecommunicators, painted models, and a burlesque show. $7. Free Parking. We play @ 10pm.
u HOED dat boy!! My moto is Chicago Bitch!!!
lol those commercials are weird as hell
me either!): I guess, I should not have slept until 2 this afternoon. lol!
Oh well. Better luck next time. Off to the gym to sweat out my sadness over not waking up a multimillionaire this morning.
Performing in an improvised show called Avalon at Comedy Sportz tonight at 8! Check it.
WalMart would donate a million pounds of groceries for every retweet! And there would be online games....
Gorgeous Friday in #NOLA!
is good at giving airlines hell. Maybe she'll retweet ye. Also, JERKS.
Thanks Dan!!! We need to grab a beer sometime
I'd like to talk sometime v2v. Princeton unfortunately did not do the foundational research! As often happens they miss quoted the sourc ...
Chris Tilly describes socio-economic and political factors in current landscape of US #labor movt
I am so sleepy and I never go to sleep on planes.
I'm pretty good at doing cartwheels.
.i really want a new camera ...
Tip of the day: Always renew your library books before you receive your library fines.
is SPECTACULAR! Your singing is like an angel and I can't wait till I see you in concert this summed! An inspiration (:
Just because something gets a million hits on youtube doesn't mean it's worth anything
Just saw "J. Edgar" at iPic. DiCaprio great throughout. Then got free movie tickets to stay as they shot a commercial. Such a deal.
yikes! well i know you'll git-r-done and then we can chill by the pool, just keep that in mind lol. So when's your last day?
listening now. I dig it!
The most offensive thing about is that they pump this crap under the name of either Roosevelt. HooverRoom is more like it.
Jam Session tonight at The Grand Bohemian downtown Orlando Florida 8-11p
well u know they say the "cream rises to the top". And we are the "cream of the crop "
meant to say *fuck wit him cuz he got the best tweets.. it was a typo.
#nowplaying Unusual -trey songs
Who doesn't love grilled cheese? RT : Yummy! Thinking for lunch RT : Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!
Oh, seriously? When I don't set an alarm, I wake up at 10 on the dot?
A great day to be a Lobo! Lobo Men beat UNLV!! And we move on!! Go Lobos!
That would be like picking our fave child! Excited for them all. Spread the word. The more people informed in Atlanta, the better!
people need to ask more questions and be more open instead of being plugged into the "matrix", the greatest power is wisdom
These two defenses are ridiculously good
lol didnt know that was going to happen. (:
Got samples of egg protein drink. Just tried the chocolate & it's delicious. I need sleep now so it can help me grow
we usually suggest 14-18 at SLU 101, but we can check on making it happen for someone of any age.
2 fucking injustices today that need to be made right..boy is my pussy sitting on a cactus today
OH you know it
I've driven a G35 it's really smooth but the 350Z is the sexiest out of all your choices!
Stop expecting others to read your mind, to know what you want and need, and to satisfy your unspoken expectations.
CONGRATULATIONS to HSD AGENCY for being our APRIL winner for the free logo design. Register your company, you can have a chance to win too.
geez. You'd think it would be a strange clubhouse because of how they have been playing
I will send you what i have when I am a bit more into it...write some creepy music for it. it would be cool and fun though
question on jeopardy tonite...none of the contestants had a clue who she was
Urock a needs a group of 5 friends for free food @ Azuma for a TV shoot @ 2pm. Dm me if you can be there by 2.
anytime baby
"i was born with a criminal record, I done 9 months inside.”
OMG is following me:D!!! oh my god i love his blog and his band! C: <3
If you don't support the artists you like, it's a vote for the enemy.
but is there free food? I'm lame so drinking on a flight just makes me dehydrated. Pray for no
the #trend was for personal thoughts not public opinions. 2 cents arent always needed
22 min to redeem 22 years
MadeInBrazil + B-Day Bash This Saturday -
Vince Woolfork was at game last night. Everyone cheered because he's a NE Patriot. I cheered because he's from
^Moses answered the people, “Do not be afraid. Stand firm and you will see the deliverance the LORD will bring you today. The Egyptians...
why didnt have him blocked? the one person i never wanted to see. fml
Chilly morning at Fair... thank you for the warm coffee !
GREAT THAT JOBLESS RATE LOWERS... BUT TRUTH IS PEOPLE JUST GAVE UP.. SOME STARVED TO DEATH! ... IS THAT REALLY GOOD NEWS?
I meant... Skyrim. Of course.
I'd rather have a guy call me beautiful then "hot" or "Sexy" its so much more respectful.
She's back
you wanted to..
There you are! How are you? Yeah, folks seem to be backing off a bit...pretty frustrating, you know?
but on sum real shit he aint gne keep poppin up @ my house....
I know. I know. Coon tails, big hair, the whole shibang. >.<
OK now i'm sure it was you! Me and Stacey were in club level right above you!
Not sure if all the comments I'm getting on my blog are spam or real people. :P
Kanye West Is The Best Rapper Alive :D
Guess you really can't be too young or too thin. Yay for realism! cc:
THE BEST FUCKING DAY EVER.
#FactsWithoutWikipedia Newt fathered three black and white Teddy bears with a Sister of The Wholly Right
That's just the way it is
Thank you very much!
Stupid foul by Teal purely out of frustration. Deserved yellow. Hope to see CJ come on soon.
constantly wondering..
Sad to see a good lockeroom guy like Bogut go, but we could use Ellis's athleticism
I'll see what I can do!
Nigga you think I want to?! I'm trying to move out soon!
Had a great time with everyone in Tyler, TX this past weekend at the Castle and ! Thanks for inviting us to come! See you soon
I've seen it. It's incredible. "H2O" is a short film which explores the chaos following a nationwide water contamination.
What a change this morning someone knocking on my door i got 2 dozen white roses delivered to my house dam my Bf is really soo sweet!!!
yo fam we should get up on the music tip i rap n got a lot of projects in the work n maybe we can wrk on sumthin together
" Sorry, I was out of pocket for a minute. Did I miss anything?" Funny, sounds like we're gonna be missing you soon. :(
Collier's test is hard.
spoken like a true man. hA!
technically you can't be "from" Blackhawk. It's not a town
I just learned how to crewel, a medieval embroidery technique that makes you feel like a fictional lady in waiting, or 70s kid.
Just heard "heartbreaker" performed by the mulleted and animated and 5-foot-nothin singer of Snackhole ... some choice shit.
Oh life you are annoying me. Plead stop. That is all.
Any startups out there that make the process of keeping up with car maintenance history/records easier?
yes! The closest he'll be is New York, then he's in other countries til November. :'( he should come to Philly or near.
2012 You have to be committed to an issue to run...What are you passionate about? w/
Bored, its slow today. T.G.I.F
follow me<3 Please.
we need some she-wolf action on
Ha! Sorry, Mike.
ehhh i think I'd be okay with that lol I kinda gave up on tweeting them tho
When doing a CTF it helps to follow instructions. Screwed myself out of a bunch of points for Netwars. Is really fun though!
Nick and I have been together 2 years and 8 months today. Dating the "good guy" has been the greatest decision I've ever made.
Action equals Competence equals Confidence.
morning. I need an iv of coffee dang time change
lol, my sons says that salads are made with weeds out of a yard lol
My best friend turned into a whore... I don't wanna be her friend any more
Just witnessed give the most intense karaoke show I've ever seen. I'll never hear Taio Cruz's "Dynomite" the same way again.
What creates virality? Tastemakers, communities of participation & unexpectedness.
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Stop worrying about the number of followers you have! This distracts you from posting quality information.
no -_- i dont even know what phone i have. its a crappy one. wbu?
Jr. Smith just made #top10 ...that dunk was sick but
What inspires you to support a non-profit? Who are some of your favorite pdx organizations?
This weekend was actually really fun :]
Just realized that in a few months my age bracket will fall into 25-34. Wow that feels great. Or not.
Rumor has it Twin Kegs has $1 PBR on tap this week.
Let me see!
Haste thee nymphs to Mark Morris' sweeping, sexual, human "L'Allegro" (Handel) at Music Center tonight--I'm Pre-perf talking 6:30 pm
follow back please? :)
Prank Calls are lame :P
Hi-Chew is perfect.
for real! That's exactly what I had too.
MT : I'm returning IU bc I haven't acmplshd all of my goals yet. Example: I haven't gotten a date with yet.
A team that starts Travis Ishikawa and Caesar Izturis has no shot at winning a title.
move back.
Want that #moviestarsmile of your dreams? We can make that dream a reality at Kravitz Dental! www.kravitzdental.com
I think the same about Leonard. Lots of untapped potential....guess time will tell.
Indie record label out of L.A. will be including my song "Far Away" on their national CD sampler release this month! :)
Tonight tonight tonight! Support and sip at the for our benefit
If you see us following you, please do follow back friends
sometimes I worry about the state of your mental health x
So going to sleep.
Lost brown dog near Petco Briar Creek #Raleigh NC 5pm Sun 4/18. DM or email . Belongs to SPCA of Wake Co. Skittish.
My TL needs some TLC anyone wanna give a brotha a s/o so I can gain some follows:)?
feel better Steph...
This is going to be interesting.
I need a joint... But I'm going to stay sober till this weekend
"Moments" by is an amazing song, makes me cry. </3
I probably won't be able to sleep tonight cause I'm SO ready to GTF tomorrow!!😁😁☺☺😊😊😝😜😜😏😏
yeah, I agree with chad on this one.
damnn i cnt remeber my yahoo account password i need that
gaaah, ya know ... thinkinnn bout summer.
you can get a repeater and plug it in (electrical outlet) somewhere between office and router.
So I've got this new chiropracter, who is awesome, but his assistants are so weird... The best way I can describe them is ethereally vapid.
we'll never know - the friends i was meeting arrived just as i was about to hear the answer
down bad in the building!
You too!
Joey and Kiki are hoping you will visit us today! :P
Any word on chihuahua Craigslist match or anything else? WAS opens noon my time (3.5 hrs) & I will call
HA! Where is your Brodeur now??? OH YEAH ON THE BENCH!!! Rangers score an empty netter and secure the win! 7 more games, and the cup is ours
Researching Facebook, I find a video about Down Syndrome posted w/caption "It made me ball my eyes out." Whatever gets you through the day.
. is a strong advocate & defender of local govt. & bringing state $$$ home to #SanDiego. His record proves that.
You kids have a blast!
That sucks. I'm working on your list of wines now...
Can't wait for the 24th....its needs to hurry up...I want my pretty present!!!!...damn Im So giddy :)
I really hate facebook, but i admit that without it i wouldnt remember peoples' birthday.
We can't wait for to open in our neighborhood!
is one of my fav rappers but I can't say that cause it's dick riding'
I felt the same way. Picked up an iphone 4s last night...it's awesome. So efficient.
Haha, kick back and relax!
Normal people are so boring seriously why be so boring and act like an adult when you could have so much fun and be crazy lol
eating Hot n Spicy beef jerky at 9:30 am...AWESOME!
Hey guys check out Bundl, the latest group savings tool, head over to mcfaddens boston and text Bundle to 41411 to check out the deal!!
- The first 3 are mostly finished.
#ImHappyWhen you text me and tell I am beautiful...
Oil produced in glands flows through follicles to the skin surface. exfoliate- oil glands will not clog and cause acne.
RT What would u do for a Klondike bar - Your mom
Is anybody looking forward towards this three-day weekend as much as I am?
hey we all get fined 25k sometime in our lives. Haha I hope you enjoyed your bday!
At my first Reunion. Inspired by student awardee who brought his parents to honor their commitment to his success.
I need Starbucks right now.
That white Rottweiler is what came after me...that changes the story!
Current reigning #NYMF Next Broadway Sensation Shawna Hamic www.shawnahamic.com shines in Get your tix today!
i wish i could have Blake Griffin's athleticism for just one day...
Special ed. position available in Charlotte NC for 2012-2013.Full inclusion program; differentiated instruction, embedded ABA.Reply for info
You need to figure out a P.O. Box or something so I can mail you and your bandmates some presents!
Great reception from crowd at the Clairemont city council meeting. Thanks for all the support.
Dang go Nick!!
everything = true.
Omg so hungry! wtfudge....
We are all working on the first weeks designs, and looking forward to start posing on the 20th.
what do you mean my lifestyle?
kid manny. lol
all my East coast friends are now prepping for lunch...i miss them. here i am eating breakfast by myself on the West coast. oh well!
got turnt this weekend. cant hold me or down. We need milk by the way
I awake in a dark room. Do I: A) Light a torch & look for a way out, B) Feel my way out in the dark, or C) Stop tweeting & go back to sleep?
that is a good question!!
Allegro is finishing up their tour in Bloomfield PA "little Italy" Pittsburgh Oct 8 Sat 11am for a parade and small performance!
wow! you were there!?!?!
I love taking surveys about shawnee. I hope they get the hint i want to be at ballard. Not here.!
Thank you for that shoutout! Have a great weekend!
“: Beginning today 300 followers...... 5hours later! #KC” score goals for us and we'll write a song for u
Just registered for my first fan convention (!). Now to find a roommate…
Just finished photo shoot. Got some mouth-watering pics of our single serve cheesecakes and mini lava cakes. Coming your way soon. Yum!
I could have slept for the rest of the night, nevermind that now.
Earth Hour tonight!
What an absolute riot! This is a positively Abby Wambach-like finish. Congrats to #ManC!
Moms to cool oml..all my niggas love er.cuz she an older.me oml
Looking for ACTS brothers and sisters who attend HOLY REDEEMER to contact me.
if I have to see one more thing concerning mr bbeibers #loins thatll do it in for me
- don't claim you're lesbian if you aren't . it gives us REAL lesbians a bad name.
Congrats to the Fort Wayne Komets!
Think Bout Me on 98.5 The Beat RIGHT NOW!!!
- " May I recommend following ?" Already follow Hans. Met him last year at an Inmon event. Great resource
- it was a Fresh Hop , hands down the best one I've ever had.. Ever better than celebration or great divide's..
I been at the Zoo waiting for my BM to bring my son. Stupid bitch always late. Always on BPT, black people time
u guys talk about games? jk
That said, I am so happy to be back sitting at my desk today.
Think smart and leverage brand and marketing equity to help leverage all of the marketing channels available.
Awesome ;) we just finished watching videos of them :))
I wonder what Atlanta lookin like??
Its DEFINITLEY a song tho. Get off me
where you taking classes at
So frustrated. It's like the hawks believe that since they get to OT they don't have to work anymore. Getting ridiculous.
I'm into having sex I aint into makin love<3
Way to go Steelers!!!!!
why tf no one ever text me when im bored but when im busy all you bitches wana talk? smd
Janesvegas...ahem, Janesville. What about you?
you bug me all the time. It's only fair i bug you.
The Glory will always aggravate the Hell out of any man! - Nathan Morris
I got a neck scarf ! I didn't ask for it but it works. Good luck with I will be watching
u don't have a fave track?
WORLD PEACE is a good halftime message but WORLD WAR would have been a real Madonna headline grabber
Thank you for the Retweet
lovee you don't know what else to say but iloooooooooovee you i lovee yooooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Season+you=? "You can tell it's summer here / because the police patrol in 2's and 3's / handcuff season / number four in my top 5 " - Asher
I'm only playing music 'cause I know you'll fuckin love it.
'Drive' deserved to win every Oscar, in every category :)
Here at the Saratoga Jazz Fest, listening to Gary Burton w/Pat Methany
I fucking hate it when my limo driver takes me to my mansion and forgets to pick up my sex slaves. wtf, i fucking pay you
Josh Ham with a slam! Now just 3 outs for the win!
how my timeline blows up when tweets.
OH MY GOD! It fucken hurts to chew i can not bite
hm okaii so watsup wat r u up to
I Have A Lot Of Far Fetched Cracked Out Business Ideas. But I Really Think They'll Work Lmaoo
Eagerly awaiting our April stats so I can see if the Children's circulation is up again for the 4th month in a row...
I miss you. Go <3
Health Press releases Just Like Grandpa: A Story about Color Vision Deficiency, great children's book helps explain CVD....
thanks for the #FF mention! Cheers!
Brilliant! RT : i told my mother that twitter broke a few years ago!
So why you yelling? FOLLOW THE GYMANIMALS BLOG!
Thanks for mentions
Can't wait to see it :) Hope you are well, and that you had a great weekend, I wrote you back so check your email!
Haha RT : For real tho, Reggie Miller should NOT be allowed to announce Knicks games. I HATE that guy.
and I had a convo and the clouds parted. I dread car buying and politics. Car buying. #Politics. #OMG they're the same thing!
Liked your article on Montee coming back. Trying to figure out...did people react the same about Barkley coming back?
I know, I kept falling asleep & waking up.
no sadly! But please - tell everyone about !!
Bravo SPAIN!!!
except looks like a munchkin in it
HAVEN'T GOT ON INA WHILE... wassup
Just woke up.
sure sure sure
with Sunday off work you get the second 70 degree day this year to play!
damn baby, pussy can't be ya only hustle
Panel discussions on careers get me that much more excited for graduation.
Please note that the JLCC office is closed due to the holidays and will return to regular hours of operation on January 2, 2012.
I am all for #LeBronToCaptainAmerica because he has been a great actor this game.
It amazes me how many ways people measure themselves in life, and how simple it really can be done. The simplicity is astounding.
Driuinkk and gwtting good!!! Straving at mac d's
follow my girl
We're doing a little housecleaning on Twitter so don't be offended if we unfollow you. Just DM us and tell us how you know us.
would sunday 6/3 work? i will be finished diss revisions then, could use a margarita or six...
you got any shows comin up in denver?
The walmart here has 38 cash registers. 7 of them are open. Each line has 10+ customers in it. Seriously? Unreal.
Brantley: Calif, Kansas, North Carolina joined in-library lending program Internet Archive
oh well that's a shame
Did you know Port Townsend (The City of Dreams) is one of the finest examples of a Victorian Seaport in the United States? Lincoln liked it!
Then again, I'd rather boybands than Justin Bieber...
We are truly honored to be a contributing factor to the death of television
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you wanna say something but you just put something in your mouth so you say hold on,suddenly it takes 10min to chew
i just know
Went 5 for 5 with 2 home runs in a win over the staff today in softball. Solid win for the students.
Can someone in Union Square tell the people why they're there?! Talk about corporate personhood, The Fed & the military-industrial complex!
I listen to
In March, Kevin Love became the first player in NBA history to lead the league in scoring, rebounding and made 3s
I read it and immediately thought Mai/cat.... but so did everyone else.... how about a dog? :)
Game 1 in New York #Rangers vs
So much for making headway against the 'soft' teams in the league! Way to go,
i cannot wait for #sheenroast!
jeezee. i need to stop creepin on peoples instagrams and blogging their pictures on my tumblr.
Adri is coming back home today!!! Cant wait to see her smiley face…She always seems to cheer me up!
Mackfest was seriously too good of a time
My brother was just showing me battle raps for an hour and 30 mins
Oh okay. I've been all over FL except the Keys.
yeah are down 1-0 as well have been all game against Adler manheim eagles in germany
where can i get some breakfast on a Monday?
Do you think the music ministry of the church of today has the anointing to usher in God's presence like in the old testament da
sure I am
Feeling a tad asthmatic in the extreme cold today and wishing for my own portable oxygen tent.
Tomorrow Arizona...
I have read works of aesthetics. I could not help but feel as though the writers were astronomers who had never looked at the stars. Borges
I eat so poorly during the stressful part of my day I need to have a vegetable orgy for dinner just to make up for it. ~Carrie Latet
Agreed. We see concept and message as a key element of the brand, which we refer to in the post.
Alexis is probably a dumb blonde. Smh
I have to pee but I'm wearing tights.
Yo it really don't be taken this long to make chicken
You are so welcome!! I hope I love fitness as much as you do ;)
we just connected on Facebook, I'm honored!
Very good.
Lol ..... Jersey Shore
you would fav that tweet hahaha
lol RAM them!!
Getting ready for non-stop ones... Eastern time that is. The Europeans already had their fun... Pyramids still standing...
Stewie as in the Family Guy Stewie?
MORGAN!!! Your So Pretty! :)
's favorite Nugget taking over...
Its nice out guess ill go for a walk downtown and day dream
um I tried once then the drugs wore off
“: Looking forward to being a mentor with the #AMADC Marketers Leading Marketers program” -> good luck!
my hair washer at the salon yesterday hurt my brain-stem... idk why she was so mad at my poor scalp :(
yeah his three teeth don't help either
I.miss.your.face.
depends on the institution, I imagine. At smaller places, we have to start somewhere, and postdocs act as catalyst
Oh, and never confuse "convenience" for crowding a page with too much info! That's a lesson both Web Designers and Marketers could learn!
i wish all i had to do after work was watch the
I think Castel is the best written show on the air right now! Go Natan, you ROCK!!!!!
That would be awesome.
Simplify your marketing message. Make clarity your first objective. You can’t sell anything to a prospect who doesn’t understand the...
So wrong. But unfortunately true. Not for me but for my sister and girl cousins
Call a canine unit to the side of the road and take a sniff.
thanks so much for coming! We loved hanging out w y'all! Have a fabulous week!! xoxo
my sister, , "i'm pretty sure dads not secretly a queen."
Two can play at that Game.......But I play better ;-)
he truly doesn't. That's why it's funny.
oh my bad I forgot all about the computer yesterday lol well we're at home most of the time we could always hang out friday :p
true dat, my good man.
A woman who has never experienced no REAL GOOD SEX hasnt take the time to was her WHOLE BODY REAL GOOD YET!!!!
It does not matter how slow you go so long as you do not stop.
Saint Valentine's Day Massacre.
That's okay - we have 2 big time receivers. Cruz and Nicks. Let's go Giants!
Just got $8000 est to fix sewer pipe under my house. Not Happy at all!! Need Football! How is everyones Friday going so far?
The Packers' D could make a Pauly Shore movie look good...
so close to being finished and yet i just can't seem to find the words for this paper due tomorrow! gahhhhh
#warmupsong mrs right and girls talkin about by mindless behavior
I'm not focused on my physical man I'm working on my inner man.
We love your goal to be 150 ! With great health anything can be achieved! Keep it up!
please forward us your contact info or email .edu
easy enough
I know that place
Thanks for the #FF fun!
Oh, I would agree...and should be used in the right dose...and should use more positive than negative.
We all know you can hunt these animals , but should you? What happened to teach a man to fish?
This is news?
Have a great weekend everybody, and Happy Mother's Day!
strange, but true
That's been the case for basically everyone I know. Here's to hotter versions of ourselves!
new menu up and down. Killer new drink list. Garden is rockin.
RT : sometimes free is too high a price to pay. / Put this on a Food Geek apron!
Yes! I'm excited for good ramen in the neighborhood.
Happy Birthday Mayor Quedoba
- I did. Feeling refreshed today. Cheers!
FACT. RT ": #HowToKeepARelationship: Don't suck."
Up finna start writing ..need new ideas for songz
Mac & cheese is my one true love.
Something is hacking tons of twitter accounts today. I've had over 15 messages saying to check out what someone is saying about me.
the convention center. I know that some people will be in casual wear but my job calls for dress wear.
I'm so mad that I lost I"m going to do something stupid and make sure we have no chance in Game 3 either! —Amare Stoudemire
“: We all have a family member who think they’re a professional photographer.” AHHAHAH
Finally an arrest
Berryline Fenway introduces Peppermint, just in time for the Holidays! Come try it with cookie crunch !
Up.. Now what are the plans for today?? Hmmmn
i just ate a banana and i feel so sick D:
bahaha without me knowing it my life wouldn't be complete
Nothing? Nothing at all? ND has a horrible defense and shoelace is completely overrated. Come on don't start this BS again.
Sangrita for Cinco de mayo. Fancy grilled cheese quesadillas go gourmet.
i've got a tumblr and want to hear!
never answers my DM's. :(
Still salty that the bulls are out of the playoffs :-/
sprained my thumb! ouch
": is doing a q&a sess. Thinking of you." You're so nice and SO GODDAMN LUCKY! Have fun!! :D
"Indy Drama" has made me lose all faith in humanity. Seriously, do you guys have nothing better to do?
Never laugh at #badbehavior. You really don't want to reinforce that behavior and it's only cute for so long.
in london tippin folks wit these thick ass coins not knowin what the fuck im givin them tahaha
You will never die for nothing! Too many people love you, respect you, admire you beyond belief to have your life be in vain!
u have any available couches for this conning Saturday?
didn't he design the muscle mustang?
I think majority of college students are hounded into college by high school & parents, not their "dreams"! Lots of alternatives!
Home sweet home.
Everything better work out for me!
9 events in 7 days-run starts today with tonight at 7pm. Then the home opener tomorrow night!
Hope to see some of yall out Saturday for the Emmure, Terror show @ The Prophet Bar. Get there early cause we go on @ 6:30.
ah yeah!!
I just need one of those people who's shoulder I can cry on ..... And give me advice .
you guys, loving 's book!
I think it was either right before or after she told Twitter to stop teasing him because he was "mentally ill".
Merci! We will be back soon!
I think we have the same grandparents, so I'm pretty sure we're both royalty.
Can't wait to try the sugar cream pie recipe I just saw on the Thanks for paying tribute to the official Indiana pie! Delish!
Pregnancy Advice: A stork might bring you a baby, but a swallow never will.
NAHS prez. This year's going to be great :)
cute icon :)
I"m sure it will be. Have fun and enjoy the $$. :)
Hectic Monday...but at least I got to add another #Coach bag and accessory to my collection. :)
Well off to hang with the boi 💘✌
No mocking tone! Saying that our chat is trending...that might be a mocking tone. :-)
West Virginia Human Rights Commission Has New Tool to Educate the Public
hahah, my bad. it would have been a historic day in SMS kindergarten history.
So... the turkey's getting bland and the mac and cheese is starting to congeal... how about hitting us up tonight for some fresh food?!
can't fine your cell #. email me some of the bulls want to come to your show. take care
Multi-tasking, catching up on Facebook...watching the Acad.Awrds. Intrigued by the group I just noticed...Karma Experiment-Pay It Forward
I was just on FB an saw some IB pics from Dominique and devyn tonight.... I'm sry but I can't look at anymore of ur pics lol
A strong Wifi connection is the first step to a successful relationship
RIP Mike Wallace. A true journalist. What a legend.
I'm craving a warm buttermilk biscuit.
On my way home FINALLY! Quick stop first! Then HOME HOME HOME! <3
so is my sister!! & yeah its all bout bein pregnant
What programming language did you learn for hacking?
Some serious roping here tonite
RT : Agenda here is finding best sources of #highered #data for institutional comparisons on outcomes and inputs
I'm still kinda amazed at the lengths people will go to keep tabs on me...I really am not that important.
broke the door lock, knocked a towel bar off the wall, hit a bird with my car. if anyone needs anything destroyed today, i'm on a roll
My Mom is head banging to Bad Co. right now.
beautiful!!! Hope u have a fun wkend planned ms. M ;)
If I won money for every right pick! I tell ya.
Can we call you "Ambassador Mar" now? ;) Hope you have a restful & relaxing weekend.
due to page content not sure if it was appropriate, but i can't go further until i say rip whitney!.may your famiy have peace.
wow that tofu looks tasty...! I had dinner but I could eat a bowl of that
RE class laterr
good morning julie!!
How beautiful a day can be when kindness touches it. -George Elliston
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. ~ Confucius
Patient: Why did you charge me a group rate?Psychiatrist: You've got multiple personalities.
we play bear lakes and for my middle school team! and yeah broo i wish you could
Don't give up ;)
Who wants to party tomorrow night?!! And by "party" I mean "help me move luggage" and by "night" I mean "9am."
This just in: Chef Mike just won the Evan Williams/Big Green Egg "Cooking With the Greats" competition! WOOOHOOOO!!!
Cologne question, gents- my boy's been wearing Issey Miyake for ages, but they no longer make his fave. Anything semi-close I could get him?
um, yes. name a more compelling TV show than one that involves 25 crazy women.
you sick and cnt go to work #butyoutweetingthough : / fired !
First thing missing from Google Drive - right click to share link (like Dropbox) - add please.
Look, when I call out someone I try not to generalize everyone. I'm not trying to get on your bad side in this case.
Hey that okra or Oprah? LOL!
first of all what firmware is it on??? If it's not the right one you can't even do it
Prom is such a stress fest
When I first started following One Direction I thought to myself "What kind of names are these?!" ahaha
HELLO THERE CODY! Hope you are enjoying your #beachlife...New York loves you and i cant wait to see you in concert this summer!
Hope you had a great time at the exhibition with the kids!
#NM first state to have both House and Senate call for Citizens United to be overturned. Via
Not losin sleep over this, get it together Thursday boys...
#Fridaynight LAX Nightclub with DJ Gusto!! hit me up for guest list or table service 702-750-6103
is this a joke or.... hahaha
Up and at 'em #Vegas! Who's ready for another crazy day in Sin City?
You ain't right bro! Hahaba
Sounds good! Physical theft of copyright sounds like a good caper movie. (We were playing card game abt buccaneers/corsairs)
Watching the newest episode of Switched at Birth. I love this show.
The expression I'm sending threw text, isn't the one my face is giving
New project new hustle
The 49ers controlled the first quarter, the Saints controlled the second half. Who do you think will control the second half?!
Hey there I can get some food to you. I am catering coordinator downtown! .
Enjoy Sir Difu!
“As for me, I would seek God, and to God would I commit my cause." (Job 5:8)
#OneReasonILoveYou ; You are honestly one of the sweetest celebrities. Marry Me?♥
yeah its always a drunk fest there
Good to know. Curious to know why it was left out this year?
Breast Cancer Awareness month is October. Sign up with Tucson Alarm and your first year's monitoring goes to fight breast cancer.
there's a music show on now and I'm friends with the female hosting the show. I need to get her some of ur music. Send me sum
What’s your favorite #restaurant in #DowntownOrlando?
Sound like a plan happy 111111
3 fire engines and and ambulance just raced by me on broadway. Do you know what's going on?
Iraqi mobs killing suspected queers; US social cons calling us a danger to society. It's a difference of degrees. Fanatics are killers.
RT : Do we really need Adobe products on the iPad? (well I'd use them. All in 1 device to take anywhere would be a big bonus)
Meh, sometimes I'd rather be an android. One of those super hot ones :p
And when I cut my facial hair... there are no bumps.
I'm your 7th follower!
Birthday rent on Saturday?
Ran 7.2 miles today. Crazy.
thank you, sir
Thanks so much :) As are you guys! I aspire to inspire like you!
What happens when a republic with a democracy goes rogue? Crony capitalism, preemptive wars and Washington-centric becomes paramount
Found The Golden Republic's record on vinyl yesterday at Amoeba. Worth the trip to Hollywood.
What do you call a woman with no asshole??? Single! (No Offense Assholes)
#TheAvengers was so much of what I love about comics and so much of what I love about movies, without compromising either aspect.
We're having Zumba on Friday night at 6:30 p.m. Get fit for FREE!
Completely forgot you had a twitter. Use it more.
Bennett follows it up with a solid dunk under the rim for 62 points. Finishes with 125.
I wish I was better at speaking what's really on my mind
Spell "illuminati" backwards. Follow it with ".Com". Result? Mindfuck!
Amen! and clear purpose! MT I'm a firm believer that meetings should have a scheduled beginning and end.
it makes me like wanna cry when people talk crap about you!
ride or die, Mavs for life.
Did you go to AlphaBeer I? Then you might remember Louie's Demise. Even better than I remember!
You know what sounds good right now? Root Beer.
no sweat! Hit me up! Thanks!
getting your 80's fix?
Oh. That makes sense. I just didn't connect it to the home. Thought you just dubbed a pair, "Thou art kitchen shoes!"
So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. Isaiah 41:10
Fill in the blank: One thing that makes our world beautiful is ___________.
Ok rapunzels hair in tangled is ridiculously insanely long theres no way that much hair can grown in 18 years
Heck, I wanted to be a JOCKEY. But, I don't gamble, and don't approve of gambling. I'm a retired cleaning lady :D
Only in passing so far. I might be hanging at the Hirshhorn anyway--let's go!
follow me back? :) my instagram is maryskartland !
Way to many lame niggaz call my phone - Wiz
RT : #2012TCC Badges are being earned thru nomination: outstanding presentation, innovative thinking, thought provoking post.
-wasn't at school. I'll talk to him tomorrow. But can't u just deactivate it then come back in 30 days? I bet he would've-
thank you ;)
Need to screen coworkers better before I do favors/intros. Now we both look like douches. Thanks co-worker, that's exactly what I needed
“: Final score Fort Wayne 7 Wichita 3”
OMG 20 MILLION STRONG! CONGRATULATIONS!!! !
well today wasn't as bad. we need to have a popsicle party!
Representing at #SMWgive2max! Glade was having serious, frustrating convos about funds last night, so I hope to learn a lot!
back in Cincinnati FRIDAY for The Heights Music Festival! we play Christy's Biergarten at MIDNIGHT!
How did u like the Tiao He cleanse compared to CleanStart cleanse?
i would like a s/o :)
!!!!!!! RT : DAMN years ago I was a Damn fool.. 08-10 ... Man.. glad that ain't my lifestyle no more..
Yall betta get hip to my man #KD35 its his time in my opinion!!!
T-10 Days till Spa Week® Fall 2011 $50 treatments!!
Spring is finally here!! What are your favorite warm weather activities in #Tucson??
don't know how I want it yet
Janet "That's The Way Love Goes"
Missing one though </3
I'm partial to roller skates myself
great read! Random fact about the iPhone... The screen is such that the avg person can touch all corners with your thumb. :)
skull of the elephant man!!
LOVE it!!! when the next chapter???:)
unretweet that he's mine skank
Should be.
Got my first parking ticket on the scooter today. Good on you, Milwaukee meter maids in the Third Ward. You are intense.
RT: Waiting for to tell me the results!! I LOVE #zapcash awesome treasure hunts from #azapskin (Thank you 4 ur support!)
You've only got till midnight to snatch up our xenomorphs tee by D4N13L
downsizing over the next few years, actually. there are tickets left for the second half of the night ;)
DM your number!
It does sound yummy..will surely try some afternoon!
u make very good points. Im ok w corner. Just wasn sure > “: Excuse me, 3 WR & only 2 OT taken in Rd 1.”
Every scout I've talked to had Chris Owusu in the 4.3's, & many had him as fastest WR. Also 2nd in broad, 3rd in vert & 6th in bench.
So stoked on the new twilight!
Bauer Hour!
Till the orgasum do us part?
Thanks. It totally sounded like something I could hear him saying.
haha thanks for relaying that :)
hangover bike ride to car
YES, CAN YOU TELL ME A LITTLE ABOUT YOUR company? and exactly what you do?
Did you ever find the font you used?
when compares me to the slut in the movie...
#this is a mans world best song ever on Idol James Brown would be very proud
I'd totally forgotten the "hurry up and wait" nature of film.
we're working on it in Wisconsin!!
There is birth, there is death, there's a plan. There's just one Yahweh, There's just one man. That can give us life, that can make us grow.
Well... Getting Ready For School! Ugh, I'm So Tried! Friday.. IMY! Come Soon! :(
#TheGhostofHarrenhal haunts those that do not fear the return of the Khalessi and her dragons.
I love learning from the experts!!! Really enjoying listening to Eric Ly, co-founder of LinkedIn. Lots to learn in the SaaS software world
yours still NOT right.!¡!*
Now my day has been made! Thank you so much for the kinds words!
This PB&J is Hittin the spot!
At the #RescuePallooza with come and support the new animal shelter! 32nd St & Shea and stop by and say hello!
Health care continued to add jobs in December +23,000/employment in hospitals increased +10,000. Health care employment has risen by 315,000
The Federal Reserve made $16.1 trillion in secret loans to their friends during the last financial crisis.
I have an AP test in the morning so tomorrow sure as hell won't be the best day ever haha. I'll shoot for Friday!
It' s cool to be the player...it sucks to be the fan. Spot on # EMINEM
Can Jordan just spontaniously release GMYH
I haven't wore makeup in days. Oh well I'm comfortable.
Grueling yet fun two days at Flower Mart are not enough: Back at my usual perch at the bright & early tomorrow.
Takeout from our favorite local Thai place! Now watching rango.
Get a job&make your own money then go shopping. Ungrateful as muthafuckas. Quit being a whiny bitch cus you can't go shopping.
Last call for regret and defeat to finish the bottle full of empty dreams, punch drunk head that was straight out of line.
Kings coming back. Down 1.
At the beginning of every semester in #college, I get syllabi, and always describe as something's coming up.
I tend to not take time to take care of myself - but this time I've decided to fully recover b4 returning to real life.
Pumped for the
haha you are funny
Sacrifices are meant to be done, but you cant sacrifice yourself
We'll see how it works out... just went with minimum # of shares
Seriously, I can live with multiple tweets; I CAN'T live without vowels.
I smell good , that shower was needed
6 straight balls...
hahaha I got fired 😏
Project X...speechless.
We now have a scoreboard on Altitude! Just score, no time, but I'll take it!
The Most Interesting Ficelles in DC will be at Union Station tomorrow! Stay hungry my friends!
#HackedbyMamaMahone KEEP IT TRENDING UNTIL AUSTIN GETS ON(;
Every person in the hood was trying to find a deeper meaning to Kanye's Runaway movie. Never have I seen so many bootleg philosophers
Can we end the baseball season now that the Mariners have a winning record, before they fuck things up?
I'm great!! :) how's the weather and school goin? :)
thanks love!
Put on your Green and make your way to JU!!! hosts lville at Noon and plays at 2 and 630!!
i been babysitten for like 4 hours now
CRAP. First lunch today!
OMFG I MEANT TO PUT UP THIS ONE. (wait for it)
Sunday....August 1st
What a sequence from Backstrom. Just beautiful puck there
yes...! lol ; ohh its somebody you dont wanna leave!?
the chin must go
Waiting for taping of Brain Game at #WTHR but no North Central team yet
LMMFAO ... So I know it's REAL 
Alex Smith can name his price if he stays with the #49ers. Team ALMOST kept the Manning pursuit secret until past few days. Oops!
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
whassup with that footy im trying to cop that my dude
Its important u remember tht God is NOT behind anything bad or ugly. But when those thngs happen He can make all things work 2gether 4 good
hey, I know those! I just cannot for the life of me draw resonance structures. Or understand chemical kinetics :(
DELICIOUS. POP.
Nothin much bra long time no talk know I gotta check up on the little bigger homie lol
Hey there. Feeling any better today?
I don't know! I'd pay double! OR, they should offer new releases available at home, I'd pay $20-30 for it.
It's not you, it's me.
i tried to avoid twitter (just like facebook), but i guess i can't hide any longer!
Starbucks will be giving FREE brewed coffee all Thursday if you bring your own mug. Take that tax man!
We're gonna be stuck in brighton till tomorrow night at this rate.
I'm out. night.
doubt it
Take this dick in yo mouth..!!
Yes we do! What are you looking for?
The more things change, the more they remain... insane. Michael Fry and T. Lewis
HELLS YEA! I'm planning my Saturday morning around getting tickets lol Xx
#DescibeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Bone Collector
"death is so boring"
When the steering wheel is 10,000 degrees <
I'm working on an essay about curiosity and government secrecy. Any ideas out there about twitter feeds to follow?
I am really crossing things off my to-do list...from three weeks ago.
why doesn't it surprise me security makes you wait outside on a day like today?
you said Wang.
Hey Nice to meet you, Yes we are Working on Medical Marijuana Lozengers How are you?
lol the song of course lol :P
I feel something change in the weather ~
I'm good from noon till 6pm
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my dream come true if yuh followed &
Mariners, maybe you'll see Sen. John GAS TAX Kerry with his capt hat on
#worstfeeling loving somebody that doesn't love you!
And why haven't you called me in yet??
Who the hell is "Bret Stephens?"
my om's home
So the JP Morgan exec who was responsible for that two billion dollar loss is going to resign. That'll show him. 💰😒👎
WHO YOU YELLIN AT?!... and not uh i do not see a missed call
What about Ellis?
LOVE MY CHINADOLLZ ENT. BABY!!! #ALMOST FAMOUS
Happy Saint Patrick's Day ! Awesome day at the #Vilas Zoo.
Guess what? My birthdays coming up! I'll be 15 on the 29th.
Welcome Jon, you ROCK!!!
Uh oh. We broke one of their guys.
Absolutely, with a Mia Joy Spa & Moisturizing Candle nourishing your soul.
So i had a dream that i was having a lucid dream and that was freakyy af!
But some songs need no occasion.
Very cool. Can't wait to get my allocation too!
Wow! Good Luck :)
my entire wardrobe needs to consist of you.
Last day for our superior Teamaker, Nick. Good luck in SF. You'll be missed.
I would die if you followed me on twitter or even DMed me!
Thanks for the RT!
hm, appears I will be making at least a 1-day run down to Anaheim for ALA Conference in late June.
Thanks so much Nashville and thanks for a great day at Elmington park 2day. We will see u again next Saturday :)
Party city
Really writers of #House? Really!?
Oh yea!!! Publix?
Tay? Or Ocean? RT So excited The Wiggles Tix's go on sale May 1 Tay is going to have a blast!
we're telling you!!!
Next time you get in a fight, say violence is not the answer and punch em in the face hahaha
Start planning now. Start creating residual wealth now.
i hate the future.
lol I mean they tweet in 08 I wasn't going by that drag name then lol they got 1 follower and tweeted twice lol and the name
I'm now being followed by Mr. Moxie. I love that he calls me Loo. And no, the eyeball is not getting better. Doc appt in a few weeks.
“: ' here for opening of Follies ' an appt across the Plaza.” //Hmm, sorry to miss it
Nervous about this Saturday but i know is going to be incredible
in t-minus 30 seconds Ozcat Radio is about to do the radio premiere of 4 tracks from our new album Cautionary Tales
Friends are having difficulty checking in at a hotel with their Visa Debit Card - hotel only accepts 'credit cards'-any advice?
What not to love about the #nflplayoffs? Great win #49ers Go #Patriots!
Sometimes I don't mind a rainy day. I know the sun will soon come
I did! Thank you, lovely :) This place is pretty fantastic. How are you? It's 'bout time to schedule another catchup!
Are you guys talking about the older guy that is always out by the curb by the east cafe blaring music?!
I need pts at TE. Just don't want to sit the wrong person, which I tend to do. Looking at the D's, who's worse vs TE's? NYG or SEA?
RT : Incredible turnout at the rallies. I already knew you had Barack’s back, but today we really felt it. –mo >>> YES MA'AM!!
Great time at the #HHAwards last night; nice to see , , , , , &
I can't believe that happened.
EEk (: I'm stoked.
rec'd DM, but a reply is 'forbidden'… bit odd. Can you email me glenn (at) chaoticmoon (dot) com? Sorry, for the tech issues.
All workers should have the ability to negotiate with their employer about salary and benefits.
im sorry
Best diet trick ever: Leave rotting stinky chicken in your fridge for a month & I promise u will lose your appetite everytime you open it!
I Beat The Pussy..Til She Weak I..Got That Night Quil...Dick Every Time I..#PutHerToSleep!
I'd like to cast my vote for "No One Would Tell" feat. DJ Tanner & Kevin Arnold as best tv movie of the 90s. Nah, ever.
is #nowhiring part time #sales associates. Apply on-line today! It's time to
What! Tonight was different
Greg Brinda should be banned from talking about the #Cavs & #NBA. Absolutely clueless.
I want another tattoo, but my mom will probably kill me.
Preparing the bride is kind of a big deal
The day is finally here! It's time for Kentucky to beat Louisville for the 4th straight time. Go CATS!
Agreed. RT The Monkees song "I'm a Believer" will always bring back fond memories from the 1987 season.
All of us. RT : FOR US. RT : I'm not seeking pity as a Wizards fan, but just pray for me.
Out of work early.. Ready for the Heat vs. Lakers showdown!
My linguistics TA is an international student from China who has been in the US for 1 year. Can't understand her very well. Oh goodness...
hit u in a lil bit
In Chinese with the Asian Meshach
happy monday! remember to thank the lord everyday for letting u wake up to another beatiful and glorious day here on earth!
Man this air feel good.
Yeah, one would think background checks would be thorough for someone like that - hope they learned their lesson!
is honored to have been chosen as a Community Partner for Chicago Ideas Week!
I could just sell you mine if your looking to hit it higher... can tell ya!
sorry, no kid's apps (kids all gone; waiting for grand kids..then I'll ask you!)
IT'S HARD TO DEAL WITH THE PAIN OF LOSING YOU EVERYWHERE I GO 
game of penalties atm
“: The awkward moment when you have to give someone the email address you made when you were 11.”
Amazon/Fifty Shades of Grey was hilarious!
Oh shit! I appreciate you picking one up. I'd've brought you a copy if you wanted one though.
If you're a girl and you have chest hair, shave it please. That isn't okay. & don't wear low cut shirts to show it off either.
I'll take a black on black thankyouverymuch.
RT Vance Worley will not pitch tomorrow. Has some arm soreness. Getting it checked.
Just woke up and thought to myself, "Wow...what a great day to be a genius." I'd love to hear how I've inspired YOU today?
Rondo goes down HARD on his left arm and helped outta the Garden.
ah thanks lol
Happy Mother's Day and best wishes to all the moms! You deserve a special day every day!
doin group project right now I wish but maybe I'll see ya there u there now
Tournament Scoop would like to acknowledge T.K.O. Select Alex Hobbs has been a selected choice at John Lucas Camp this upcoming weekend.
This Fanta look uberly good right now
'Being Elmo' is an great doc! The part I cried the most was when the kids from make a wish foundation dying wish was 2 meet Elmo.
Custom Designed Invitations ★ Event Coordination ★ Event Management ★ Theme Development ★ Consulting ★ Graphic Design
Check out our new song "Classic"!
Oh, iTunes, nightmare of my life. All I want are my podcasts - is that too much to ask? Apparently ...
Fat people
and went through to the finals! they are my 2 favorite acts! :D
“: adorable puppy but they're not the brightest u know! #betteroffwithaferret” hey, poodles are SUPER smart :P
It's gonna be a movie!! RT and i are planning a bicoastal celebration... first week of december... more to follow...
YES YES YES They are really goodm I hope you have a great weekend
RT : Told by ex-#Gophers football player that the meeting with yesterday was "superb." He fired those guys up.
Extremely. Annoyed.
Microsoft Kinect and fitness program test: Kinect works great. Scott does not work great.
JetBlue is having a RIDICULOUS sale right now, w/ savings up to $500 off! Use the promo code 6T3275FBDD. Please RT!
We're giving away an iPad 2 this week! Go here for details (login required): www.blastoffnetwork.com/giveaways.aspx
RT : Teachers send your email your bio/resume and a recent photo to .
YES!!!(: It's his first time performing Boyfriend live!!!
youre so cool sarah...
Thome mashed a tater!! All alone at 8th- congrats! 587.
A10. If a multi-picture deal with a director is established, said director gets one film to do WHATEVER the fuck they want
This NFL week is looking like opposite day, but it's patriot day. No one should mix those two. Bizarro day is different, it's just wierd.
So nice to meet you last night. It will be great to work together! Have a super day!
A visit and i can meet an Olympic gold medalist? Yea i can't pass that down
Platypus is often misunderstood.We look to the way the Lenin, Luxemburg, & Trotsky approached revolutionary politics in their day
Helix La Mesa takes the win for the Div II #Football Championship! #congrats! Final score 35-24
"Accepting the award for Modern Family is...everyone in Modern Family."
WHAAA... Happy Birthday!!! 
Who in austin?
Making endure a chick flick marathon.
Have a Hawaiian Holiday this weekend! Let the thrilling flavor combinations in this Pizza take you away!
yes the concept is out of this world! I agree it's a bit much but when you get down to it, it's incredibly innovative!
me And my girl Elana
was unable to log in to Twitter-had to change password-then my Page looks different-was it the worm?
They need to play some #DestinationLoveland to really take it to that zone !!
thanks for your leadership!
I'm 2 followers away from 3,000 thanks a lot guys :)
Todays breakfast drink: KALE, beets, orange, carrots, pears, tomato, #cucumber & #flaxseed! add 1/2 c yogurt and 1/2 water! Blend & enjoy!
Excited to follow these tweeters! #WhatMakesYouTweet?
Streusel topped challah rolls - huge hit. Sweet streusel topping made the challah "cake-like" Used for Shalosh Seudos.
I smell a Miami championship!!!
#Tebow for a 4th & a 6th? What a ridiculous trade by the
Maaannn....my birthday was friday & I was really hoping would tweet me happy birthday.....
I need to get back to the gym!!
#ff <-- who will soon be able to roundhouse kick your ass. Soon.
I wish I could just get a new one now, but my contract expires in June, so it would cost a lot more...
...and if your keys should fall into a pool of molten lava, let 'em go man cause their really gone!
I think I'm gonna do it. Tomorrow when I see you I'm going to give you a hug.
but what are you listening to right this second ?!?
youre fine.. Thats what happens when you get old homes... Lol!!
Used to hate it by #Undeniable "it's all that" S/o to them 90's baby's.
you coming too?!
That's flipping' sweet. (See what I did there?)
Scary huh?! If we were a state wouldn't that make Vince Gray Governor? Kwame Brown Lt Governor? Oh my...
but I wanted to be first lol :(
okay, yea me either...whats yours on?
The service was created because I had my house broken into 3 times in one year! It was SUPER SHITTY! Its called trying to help
#BestSportsMoviesOfAllTime Seabiscuit. They said Toby McGuire was too big to be a jockey but he proved them wrong. How
Just let me know what's up!
Our tire just grew a tumor. Or a pimple. Something unhealthy...
how can you be miss universe if you haven't gone up against other planets? that would just make you miss earth
When life gives you lemons, go buy an orange. (This is my decided cure... :)
AUSTY TOLD ME HE WANTS YOU TO SHAVE HIM. I MEAN YOU HAVE A LOT OF HAIR, BUT PUT IT ON HIS PITTS PLEASE
likewise! We need to get even in this series!!!!
dang - don't watch twitter for a day an y'all do the herding on #catcode . Thanks! I'm in (obviously)
appreciate the follow is always looking for sponsors!
With a Pumpkin Spice Latte in the #Starbucks holiday cup in hand, I'm feeling awkwardly torn between seasons!
On How I met your mother, the one episode Robin realizes she always says "but um". What is your overused phrase? Mine is "and so".
Don't look for bug references, look for "uninhabitable". Look at Arlington law for with holding rent with escrow accounts.
psshh...its body alone was the size of a quarter, thats bigger than usual in an office
ACC Friends Group Mtg Reminder: Wed. 6/15 at 6:00 pm at ACC Highland Hills. Only 12 days till the Race - plan to attend!
This week has been bad. I'm ready for a new week.
10 o'clock. right on time...welcome back dude.
Proud winner of the new CD! Heads up there's a sweet new "Friday @ 4p" soundtrack this week!
yeah defo. How far dya run tho? I go to bootcamp a few times a week but dnt think I can do long distance running xx
Day 34 of 100: I am thankful for trusting my intuition.
Hey #CT and #NYC ! will be at the Darien High School #GapYear Fair tonight--see you there at 6:30pm!
Where and who? That's awful :(.
Miss you ma. <3
The #AlabamaShakes is a must listen.
awesome! How are u?
I know it's very customizable but I haven't found a way to get my iPhone to only beep when I get a message that I actually give a shit about
I'm spending the day writing Bible study. His word NEVER grows old! God is new every morning. So does our witness to others say that?
please follow me! It would mean the entire world 2 me!
Thanks for including me! Enjoyed reading the other stories as well.
thanks for the updates in watching it now
I know it's real cause I've been around it
Everyone in Cleveland celebrating the Dallas victory!!!!
hell yayuhh lol hey bo to you for stil not likin seafood!
a day full of #Santorum has to include at least a little meat. what does bear sausage taste like anyway?
After that you will take a 1-3 minute break before the next set
Hi again, we will need 1 person from every state in the USA, earn commission just by tweeting more info
I will help you if I have to.
“: Looking forward to watching the take on the tonight.”
You just reminded me I owe him an email! I'm curious, too -- I'll let you know.
what we need now is MEANINGFUL BOOKS FOR A BETTER WORLD - Indigo Tree Publishing delivers fiction & nonfiction to young readers & scholars
that is exactly right...literally and metaphorically.
airsoft guns airsoft review: two sniper scopes review !
Happy Leap Day!
find and replace all function.
Don't miss the meteor showers tonight should be awesome;)
brb i need a strawberry fix lol
My whole family, Levi and his aunt Mary, David and Mere, both sets of grandparents, Caleb, and the Kogers and Jimmy.
And now I shall pack boxes.
There are more women in the porn business than in congress and the health care field together. No wonder we aren't making any progress.
best of luck on the surgery!
follow bacK?
about to play SCP: Containment Breach
Zombies came to my house and there is blood everywhere
did the wetseal action go away finally?
It is OK to be selfish when it comes to taking care of yourself and your health! Do something for YOU today! Be a better you!
Check out the theatre presentation focused on in the booth #1503 @ 12PM. "Dell Boomi: Ease of Integration w/
You'll know when.
In 2012 may your triumphs be plentiful & your trials few. Always remember, "That which does not kill us makes us stronger."
Definitely. That was my oversight! Thanks again.
haha im doing sake's right now.. dont know if i can drive 4am to LA
Well of course you do love! Thanks 4 the love! We LOVE LOVE LOVE YOUR SHOW!!! gaywesthollywood.com/2011/10/02/vid…
just in case, you better make sure to mention it again
HAHA. he's so easy to "make fun" of!! xD
We must either find a way or make one. -– Hannibal
SURF Report (Pacific Beach): 2-3 ft + thigh to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Today I saw all of Liz Taylor's jewels. And there you have it; the gayest thing I've ever said. Also, jewels -- my new third favorite word.
I hate guys):
Just like AC/DC we only use power chords we know. If you need a ride tonight make sure to look for Electric Cab of Austin!
Love it! Trailer date?
F*ck this sh*t OMG OMG OMG OMG IM SO F*CKING MAD!!!!!
One word to sum up #packers draft: BLAH!
that is good news!
My phone thinks I'm illiterate...it autocorrects very other word I text.
In line to register Chicago Poker Classic
They're awesome! #SUinNYC RT : Heading over to after work. Super stoked to see CMD '12 portfolios!
#Fireworks after #FernandoRodney strikes out 2 #Jays in the 9th. Not only does #BrettLawrie get tossed. So, does
#LebronHairline said game blouses
DH just wrote that he passed his hearing test -- I totally don't believe him.
Oops, mentioned a later session. I'm actually attending Public Speaking for Librarians. #PNLA2011 Uh oh, there's an interactive element ...
nice photo
If Ramon Sessions guarding Westbrook sounds like a stupid idea, I like it.
how are you and your toe today?
What about selling the last of the plants at a farmers market or something?
If you could meet one person, dead or alive, who would you meet and why?
I just want someone to be cute with. Is that too much to ask for?
Soon I'll change up the look of the other account to reflect the focus/direction it's taken.
on twitter!!! she got pissed at me for playing games yesterday haha!
Cycling: BUMPS takes on Wachusett Mountain Hillclimb
is the place to be TONITE! is brings you the HOTTEST Cinco de Mayo party! Wanna get on the VIP? Lemme know!
#MLKDay is only U.S. fed holiday in honor of a non-president. Nonetheless, I must work. #MLK would like that.
thanks dude! love the brain you posted yesterday
ha! I don't think it fits anymore
What on earth
It should read Hammel time. #O's
Lol! That nigga Patrick Payne a ol big ass liar! Swear I BETTA not ever see him in the streets or his ass is done.
imma hang around here for a while, you go on ahead!
Dies natalis => Birthday
that's Teddy Jill i'm just sick over that story about Mitt God I hate him!!!!!
im just glad that i can talk about Austin ALL that i want on Twitter...and if i drive you guys nuts....then we have a problem... =/
It sounds good so far!
#FF To our Followers!
These professors need to put my grades up as soon as possible. Please and thank you.
a good day winds down with a little Gillian Welch and Old Crow Medicine Show
Thank you, Lauren! I get to see you in 3 weeks!
S/O to ! Thanks for the phone call! You're right, we gotta hangout!
it sucks that we suck..
This weekend day is also a beginning of the next week.
Well I did twilight after that, but it was totally peer pressure and pop culture. Still, enjoyed them but looking for something darker
random kids that msged me and had paypal ;)
Worked with Ben Crane today. Defined his mental program.
At work on a Saturday in case anyone was thinking about breaking into my apartment!!!
okay i fount the to songs i got to start foot working thats my stretching exercise
DAVE THE DOPE FEEN SHOOTIN DOPE WHO DONT KNOW THE MEANING OF WATER NOR SOAP !
burst of energy... must b tha red bull (mixed w vodka)
tailgating.. You should be here ...
Teaching a pre-conference workshop 2day & 2moro Summit. Effective strategies 4 instruction. Hope it's a good crowd. Sold out!
That was a political stunt by Paul, which im sure was intentional. Had his tiff been ignored, then it would be a non-story...
About to cut these rubs for dinner. Im excited (Not.)
Bertha Flowers~ Words mean more than what is set down on paper. It takes the human voice to infuse them with the shades of deeper meaning.
My dreams are like Synechdoche New York, except nightmare status.
my boyfriend just got ahold of me. He said Bud is fine.
Productivity for the win!
#10thingsIloveaboutyou 10) the way you make me feel when I'm with you. ♥
I just want to find a chick that will accept me for me and not use my problems and issues against me. Or to down talk me.
530 cant get here soon enough!!!
safely arrived yesterday around noon - started packaging right away! A few handfuls went out today, as we got in the groove...
you can hear our music at madplanetmusic.com or facebook.com/madplanetband. I can also send you a cd if u like. Rock on! :)
lol lol you gonna learn TODAY!
Save the Date! "Regional Clinical Seminar: Sports Vision" with Paul Harris, OD | Hamilton, New Zealand | 17-18 NOV 2012
"Encouragement is oxygen to the soul." George Adams
You antimatter
Yes, I hope that they keep new games coming! Another thing: do you have any more languages coming out soon?
turned back during the commercial. Got a mushroom farmer from SF and a dude with a pretty legit flow
Thanks for the follow, Sally. good to see you here. B
Just ate a banana in 10 seconds (:
Please let me know if this information is valuable. I don't want to be another "Twitter Parakeet" that spews constant nonsense
How much snow are you supposed to get?
just called me ♥♥
Yes sir. Let us know the details
why are you a pickle
he just can't say it right. Lol!!
Am I the only one that's missing a real snowstorm this winter? Must be the northerner in me.
