The NFL took away the Super Bowl in AZ in 1993 because AZ did not have an MLK Day. Since 1993 guess who is open on MLK Day? The NFL!
So my computer finally decided to Say "fuck you, i'm done". Now I need a new computer :(
Twitter is up! Now I can start networking with other journalists and expose all my members to capabilities of social media.
Waiting in the dressing room for my shining moment.
SHOUT OUT TO MY REALEST NIGGA
Congrats to the #Bruins for winning the Cup in 40 years (:
she then turned around and tried to sell me on her being an edu-ma-cated woman. #ICant with that ish.
RT "Courage isn't a skill, it's a decision. #Leadership"
It's go time! Number 8!
Thanks so much!!!
7 hrs? It would have to taste like pumpkin pie to drive that long...
I Was Kidding. But Seriously Were Going This Summer
We're serving up Arnold Power Cakes today: Whole Wheat Pancakes made with blueberries and granola.
Who will be Do Hwa's 200th Follower?
What do Brainiac p. 47 and Watson v. Ken & Brad Day 2 have in common? Didn't Watson read your book?
BUT ALL I WANT IS A SHAVE.
Just heard thunder here in Edmond
It's been a kinda morning.
Run done. Dinner eaten. Kitchen cleaned. Now what? What do I do with my free night?
Just sang my mom a song using only the #Achord on the guitar. Its the only one I am good at so far! Ha
Happy Friday!
I had a dream I was playing Barbies with some random guy from high school last night. Wonder what that means?
Gotta fine tune your Big Ten dialect: O How I Hate Ohio State
what's up
I need someone to talk to.
About to get hi lights tomorrow by :)
. I don't know about paying attention to whispers. Apparently said I was a fairy. Stupid little jerk.
I think my cat sheds as revenge for being neutered. It's a method of asexual production, like a fungus releasing spores.
I'm going to see tonight come hang out with me?! It's going to be one hell of a night celebrating my sistah's b-day! <3
I knew she was getting eliminated
Performing at One Eyed Jacks in Fairborn, Ohio this Wednesday W/S/G opener BLUE MOON SOUP!!!! Show starts at 9pm RAGE!!!!!!!!!!!
Would you/Do you advise any of your companies to use it?
Happy New Year!
1 good thing about death-you can take your secrets with you. morbid? true?
why is ovi bitching. he doesn't have a cup, therefore he has no room to bitch
if imma be there how can i do that? lol
Poppin bottles with at LAX! Thanks for an awesome night!
I feel so sick right now.
let's be honest, those dollar signs influenced his decision
's new mixtape soothing the soul on this rainy day.
I apologize, but none of your orifices are safe right now.
oops. got rid of that.
The more sinister question to ask is: what are the campaign donations buying?
Abundance is quality and not quantity.
Are you watching this?
Does anybody else miss Law and Order from the mid 90s?
great! one click less. instagram previews now directly in #newtwitter!
: clip of standing outside Nick & Bill's room holding up his stereo playing Hero.
No body's perfect; but your perfect to me.
I got the gold, wait even better...a jackpot!
Landed another summer job! Woo Summer Arts in the Park! Only 5 days!
Trying to plan spring break. Thinking Gatlingburg, TN. Where are you going/doing this for a spring break? We all need one.
People These Days Just Cant Decide.. Yes Or No!!
I doubt he's doing a ustream today. He's doing the photo shoot
AH! Can Wednesday come faster.!!! Super exited for #BoyzHitABDCagain! CAN'T WAIT!
Baby ima be ya boyfriend (;
If anything it is a great x-mas present for those soldiers families.
I'm coming down with something. First a sore throat and now I just woke up to vomit.
Eff the Honey Badger. He's a dirty playing little ass. He should be pulled out of the game.
I adore your music, thank you! Especially love 'Ragga' and your cover of 'The Old Dark Machine'.
wow you're here too lol it's so full xD!
just shoot for the stars!!!! <3
": Boy , If I Was A Homie Hoper , I Swea It Would One Heck Of A Thrill , Tehee ..." Lmao , I Know It Would .
I love people who text back instantly.
You killed what was left of the good in me. I'm tired so let me be broken.
Angrey In The Booth studio!!!!! # magic
Trivia Tonight! 8PM!!
hey, and check out the new online identity that is helping me create :-)
how's the west coast treating you?
better speak English cuhh
Fact.....RT : weak rapping is widely accepted. Shame on all those responsible for this epidemic.
Confession9: i only call girls hoes that act like hoes
Cool! Thank you. :) I'll tune in.
well i guess that its official thatvno one o. twitter likes me anymore
This is the final day! Come check out the incredible student work before we close! Our doors are open until 5 PM.
Sharpen the lathe. Mill seeds into trees of bread loaves. Share crumbs of the table to illuminate your world.
forgot to mention me there sunshine
I asked my niece what I should wear tomorrow. She sat and thought about it and then "Green".
Not sure what's up at #dca this morning...longest security lines I've seen and it's not even 6am yet!
no way I was there last night! You should have told me!
that means a lot coming from you missy.
yep pretty much now cards and jets and titans a no go from this point plus they not good anyways like playoff teams
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
is it on PearTunes?
No doubt about it man, work hard but smart. The team is going to need you this year man.
As it's growing everyday, hundreds of thousands of people are joining it
Tomorrow Is Jason And Sarah's Birthdayy!!! Imma Celebrate At Home And School!! :D
Only trust thyself, and another shall not betray thee. - William Penn
Loving the rain!
There is a bandaid for everything. Ones with Iron Man and Hello Kitty battling to the death.
“: UMass will play Drexel, in CAA final Saturday at 7 p.m.” the Bruiser Flint Invitational
Life’s a beach, and we’re definitely ok with that. You know what we mean?
": Most of the shows on MTV should really be called "Why you should go to college.""
Very busy these days...want 2 reach out & say hello-busy being a #bosschicks without micromanaging! I have the #1 team on earth!
congrats to you guys!!! Great leadership = great reward. Blessings
Many, many, MANY thanks to for the spot on our food drive! Don't forget to catch Mark & Mercedes on !
Jj's Island bar Friday and Saturday evening 10-1AM Frenchman Esplanade with KC trio. Jazzfm toronto as my guests on Sat w/ Tom McDermott.
In Music Meeting David Gray “Stella The Artists” dreamy, like I wanted to go to sleep
wisdom teeth out November 16th
cheers, thanks for the mentions!
Chill out 2 straight months of over 300 pages? If I wanted to read a book I would.
Le sigh. Well, come back soon! :-) And hello, Siri.
So lucky! I'm sure it went well! #3 of 4 on Monday & am sure 3rd graders will be great! Spent afternoon sharpening pencils.
4 cheese pizza with cheesy crust in the oven. It was crazy I saw a diogornos commercial, thought to myself Ive never had one. N wtf we had 1
I feel like tweeting you something funny, but I have nothing amusing to say, so....................... Penis. K. Bye.
The mint makes it first, it is up to you to make it last. Esar, Evan
that looks incredible! can I come with?
I'm with you, I go in cycles and I've been off weed for like 6 months. Just not the thing right now, got to do your own thing
late, but I'm in the PST time zone so not too bad. Just finished my last final!
thanks for the retweets last week! Keep keepin it real!
time for you to get an ps3
Ganna cook sum hamburgers lets see how this turns out D:
Its pageant war! #rhinestonegalore RT : no one wants to enter a stupid pageant def not guys
More snow in PA!!
Make up your mind or I'm out.
Blessed in abundance.....
wants Cold Stone Creamery
Tomorrow is the last full day I'll see my Fuzzy Rose FluffBall D: D: D;
-- You would have an account named AyMoney44... Have fun upnorth!
and summer will not come 4 those not in attendance!!
Group hugs & free love in the Clippers locker room.
slow motion is better than no motion. nonetheless, going well. yours?
YEAH YEAH
Proud to be the best man I can be!! Having a great morning!! Looking forward to an even better day, got a few things to do then its
recording all day
I say this all the time.. BTW Heeyy Alison lol ": I use to give a fuck.....now I give a fuck less."
Man, a dude really *can* say a lot in 140 characters or less! ;)
I'm like the Borg Queen. I assimilate all the new drones.
always very clean, staff friendly
RT : #AmericanCraft great times tonight. Looking forward to
crazy night at Tavern 99!! Thx to everyone who came to show support!!
Happy Birthday Dave! Dave is Birchcrest's Owner & President and all around fantastic guy - Please wish him a great day!
I'll be on at 7:35am discussing today's #Detroit Veterans' Benefits Fair as well as the current state of the city.
That's great to hear! Thanks. Good luck to you as well.
: Hey Bez, I was suppose 2 be there - had a personal ma
#Icantstand people who cant hold their liquor
It's #NationalPuppyDay ! In honor we're giving a big #FF to &
Your Awesome bro.
“: If speeches and memoirs created jobs then would be Ronald Reagan.” The Don Strikes Again.
I was just about to tweet about Emil. Your move, creep.
Bummed that Jonathan Grudin will be giving a talk here in Bloomington while I'm out in Seattle. goo.gl/lN19B
Just finish my part in da movie on da way to da crib
Thanks. We're looking forward to it. Trying to plan just the right meal around it :)
good morning! happy Friday :) quiet crowd today...
Drunk one direction is the best one direction I really don't care what you think
We just got off the Allure of the Seas and loved it. What is your favorite cruise ship out there and why?
In Sydney tonight, loving time with old friends and my HOME state!!!
Morning Shame(In My DaWayne Voice)
“We develop more emotional maturity if we play more. We develop better decision-making ability if we play more.” ~Steve Keil from TEDTalk
Your kids are very nice! We are happy to have them here! RT : My kids are working hard with me
Just did the "push against the doorframe with your arms" magic trick. Still feels really cool afterwards
is listening to football on ESPN, thinking about homework, and loving my fresh new blog. Let's say, I see me winning an award for this one.
Right?! RT Working moms spend 10 hours more/week multitasking than working fathers. b.globe.com/tCjbYW
My next hobby is going to be sleeping! Starting in August ...
The nasty
sounds like perfection!
You need someone who can remember for you or a calander : ) either or ! RT My short term memory is terrible..
Everything is a disease to lil wayne...
Thx Garrett, I sent you a FB email. I hope you will check out the book. Its awesome! \m/!
Yes! Time faster by 5 minutes!!!!
this week got away. Let's shoot for next week.
okay okay! I promise this time I see you I'll say hi :]
I just had my 4x6 Postcard Printed at ClubFlyers.com Use the Promo Code WELCOME to get 10% off all of your Printing needs www.clubflyers.com
Best online boutiques for the #curvygirl? Go!
Tigers. Italian Food. Not in that order. Come eat. Cadillac Sq. & Bates. Downtown Detroit. #food truck
This is what I have in mind for my bday July 31st: either ride Amtrak Hiawatha Line or Metra NCS Line to Antioch and back.
I think I have ADHD. I can't concentrate in school or where there is a lot of noise
The bats come alive in the 9th!
RT The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it. Mother Teresa
word up
just landed in New Orleans-laissez les bon temps roulez
Job Tip: Take the time to customize your cover letter for each job you apply for. The extra effort will pay off!
Well, I'll be at ARMA12 too, but I meant #ARMA11! See you there!
Oh, I See you like Roc. *your username* XD
great talk from and at - talking about being humble on arab spring & knowing when to cut the baby's arm off
but people are afraid to love :(
It's not a bad show though
You AND Beverly Cleary AND Gladys Taber. An 'embarrassment of riches' for readers on this day. Many Happy Returns!
WHAT? That's profoundly annoying. Libraries should know better.
This was literally the most inconvenient time for me to get sick just w h y
I wish he'd actually believe me :/
Wished I had something to do tonight😔
It was pretty weak that you had to use that glass to hit Vern when you guys got in each others faces. That's a bitch move.
I've got all the money I'll ever need, if I die by four o'clock.
Stay tuned for details on how to win VIP seats to the Sugar Ray concert on December 10th!
I drench my clothes in Axe body spray and then I don't shower, like ever. Minimal effort with maximum results.
shit i typed in *hoot goot* i meant *hoot hoot*
I'm scared and alone in this new twitter world. What a rookie.
Why am I asking all these rhetorical questions!?
just saw that new kevin bacon commercial for gator-aid..lmao na na na na boo boo
so how many classes are u planning on taking in fall?
Hey michael well we got a puzzle to solve now dont we?
And I get off an #airplaneofskinnyjeans in Austin
A girl just called another girl a walking STD while waiting for the bus. This generation is screwed..
oops tweeted from the wrong account - i will let my friend know -
All eyes on Kobe
Finally took a break from home reno and had a fun, sinful outing with visiting family: gambling and casino buffet-ing. I am $60 richer.
CUTE ANGLE SKATER GIRL CHIY MAGINY
": I can't wait to see the new store!! I need to check it out" Can't wait to show you all of the fab new items!
It's better to be a master of a few things than to be meager in many things.
get used to it man! they dont call it the "Frozen Tunda" for nothin!
First business Meeting of the Year returning to the GloTV Family to edit 2 new original shows, be on the lookout folks, its gonna be hot!!!!
Bettering Myself Daily !
SWAG PUPPY!
I'm loving the fact that this tournament is at North Quincy instead of Vermont #win :)
If you're into health and medicine, you must follow ! Best future doctor I know!
How tall is Cee Lo?
Ugh can't think straight :/
time to knock out
Read an interesting article about neilhimself in the New Yorker on the Logan to Jfk leg of the trip.
Bad break...but the Pack can still do this. There's still a whole half left! We all want 1/2 off drafts & dumplings!
Someone told me I look like the lead singer of INXS today. Not really certain how I should take that...
They haven't even said..not sure to be honest..I'd guess maybe 6pm or 8pm?
Sam p biatch
Ronald Reagan is no Ronald Reagan
what are the details for #TxLA12 Battledecks?
I'm staring at the sun yet rain is hitting the window... What?
Lol yes she followed me
Great & my day just got worse... -.-t Thanks mother..
Glad you enjoyed! RT : Saw West Side Story last night at the #NJPAC. Stellar performance. You leave humming/singing the songs haha.
Tomorrow my current middle age white women trend will be to walk like I have a hollow leg. And goodnight Las Vegas. I'm here all week.
It's on USA, I will look soon. Promise! :D Still need to catch up on PLL first! How's work going?
Or perhaps just hide these options from us layman... Thanks for checking on this.
Followed you :{) Follow me back? I am trying to get to 3,000 followers too :) Much Love!
Huge thanks to and for their great talks today.
note to self...the words "you got any cheap Cab" brings out the sweats in bulk juice sellers in California.
I used to have so many guy friends last year. Where did they all go? I miss them. :/
seriously needs to play email / blog / thank you card catch-up, but all she wants to do is catch-up on sleep in the city that never sleeps!
It was surprisingly impressive, substantive, & enriching! I removed my earplugs to listen! He was well-prepared!
This sucks.
That is insane!
a car just flipped on top of another car on 1960...
whats it called ? (=
Please make a dark GF. I so miss Abyss & Obsidian Stout but can't do gluten anymore. Your GF NWPA is good but I love dark.
Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving!
funny how I wince at the thought of paying more than a dollar for an avacado but was fine paying $13 for guacamole!
Congrats to Dr. Victor Cabrerra, integrated UW-Madison faculty in Dairy Science - recipient of the Pound Extension Award!
reading about start-ups for collaborative networks of doctors & patients; seems inevitable but not anticipated by security/privacy regs
is busy as hell right now. 11 people in the cast today! i hate when shows try to bring in new characters to keep it fresh.
ha Nevermind I got it //;
leave this place. NOW.
Researchers claim quantum computer breakthrough
haha yeah x
Spicy California roll and Arabiki pan... Yum!!! :)
I am thrilled David Wright can't get hit! No need to sacrifice our DW so Grenke can get his kicks
I KNOW!! So they should be better than you, who knows English as a second language! :P
what are you doing at this time at night riding buses?!
did u make a face like zayn? Lol
Ah, awkward interactions between guests and employees.
Introduced the kids to #threeamigos this weekend. "Oh great! Real bullets!"
Who are all of these people? The wait at Diner in Williamsburg tonight at 10p was 20-25 minutes. Left & had Dumont burger instead.
Love is the beauty of the soul.
Patriot PAY payroll software is now available for employers in Montana & Nevada.
But its just as easy to make me smile -_- hm
Dear French people - God you make good pastries
I wish blogger would notify me via e-mail when I have comments to be moderated before I moderate them as opposed to after.
I will stand on a street corner at night for my fix like some sweets-hooker! 24 hr #cupcake ATM
that used to be my type though at 0_o...thank you Lord for stoopinngg that traiinnn
This thanksgiving the family's picking sides and dressing the part! pilgrims or indians?
Hi Louis, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
never in a million year did i think i would feel this way only wish you
nice! Love it!
i followd i both so follow bak
Crazy day of tracking a new theme song for Squidbillies w/
Polyester Nylon Briefcase Messenger Bag with Detachable Shoulder - polyester messenger bags
Extremely insightful! Executive Onboarding: The Key to Accelerating Success and Reducing Risk in a New Job, by in
lots of great design talent at the Columbia College theater showcase!
sadly, you're right
A phone with a twitter app. One step closer to living in the 21st century!
Okay, so like I was running to tell my cousin overseas that Cody's Punk'D commercial was out and I slipped on my tiles :/
wow really? Bummer dude :(
Is your account hacked? I'm getting spam messages from you.
. having a good morning? We've got an open house at 11. Realator has done nothing to promote it.
Andrew Ference and Chris Kelly will share the A this season. Countdown to game time... 5.5 hours!
I will end u
RT : I need to get tattooed like soon.. anyone know a dope artist in the Los Angeles area?
It's a bid system.
I think Justin's new song is different and catchy ♥ #BOYFRIEND >>>>>
"A dreamer lives for eternity." -Unknown
Some girls are just so stupid sometimes
Why are there ads against on the TV in Chicago when has already won #Illinois? Now that's wasting money!
for Tedrow's class the first 5 pages of our litterary term thing is due
Orson Welles's lost Heart of Darkness screenplay performed for the first time: Orson Welles's audacious adaptati..
Music industry executive Bob Mercer, who signed the Sex Pistols while at EMI and marketed hit-single compilation albums, has died at 65.
Horrible day to start off spring break!
Was there a recent outbreak of #gingervitis?
There's a 95% chance you're going to end up co-managing a motel with her skeleton.
lmao...I'm sorry. I sincerely thought something was burning...
you know I'm playin everyone knows all the weights in yo head! 😁😂
it's 'coon mating season. Be happy for them.
what what..
Heading to Tunica soon for final WPO tourney. Let's do this
Thundersnow in Rogers Park! V glad not stranded outside like those poor suckers on the Drive.
wants you to think about that smell when you leave wet clothes in the washer for days. That's what the guy next to her in class smells like.
Not at all! You're a good man and a good father ... a winner!
good luck chica! I'm sending you and dearborn good vibes!
what's the hashtag for today's mobile talk at #MIT ??
Tonight we are young, so let's set the world on fire, we can burn brighter then the sun. ❤
I want to be someones valentine! D; FML.
Things going better. Now I only demand wings. And fire.
we'll need to set a date soon to get together. hows your hip doing?
All of the sadness in the world; cheapest beer in Decatur.
HATE WHEN A FEMALE TXT "WHATS GOOD" "WHAT U ON" THAT SHIT AINT LADY LIKE
is excited for Spring Break.
Community gardens framed as path to citizenship. Learn a virtuous skill at a difficult time, transition to settled life w/ house & garden.
So true bro/// RT : She only carries what you pour into her life. If she's not fruitful, check what you're pouring.
QoTD: "Although the tongue weighs very little, few people are able to hold it." (Unknown)
Where to? A distant corner of our great country with a sick (now well) kid take-home.
I wouldn't enjoy managing the Yankees if you're staring being down 3-1 in the ALCS in the face
I understand your anger. It's nice to meet you I am javony haha. Getting darren to tweet me once is on my bucket list I need it.
This day would truly be nice if I were able to stream green and gold today on my flight
Confirmed. We love em, usually... RT yep, I'm on dreamhost and pretty sure is too.
rt : My favorite dunk was Derrick Williams' touching tribute to Raymond Felton on the last one (1-for-8)
surliness suits you :) and i think my coping skills are enjoying what day light savings brings in the evening: beer+patios.
Yo I'm bout to KILL this track for you! Get ready
My #apologies, Niama. I'm #Robert. And, I can't stand for folks to call me #Richard. Never could.
About to get in the shower.
I really dig #NYC the action & electricity is second to none (Vegas is a different animal). But I love that Dirty Water #Boston your my home
Just found my new way to avoid work:
hey buddies, are you feeling the winter blues? I am. advice on getting through them?
I'm surrounded by beautiful intelligent people who are two steppin', laughing, and having fun.... I don't want it to end
TROGLODYTE: (prehistoric) person who lived in a cave; a person who is regarded as being deliberately ignorant or old-fashioned. ||
does wanting to drink a glass of wine before work make me an alcoholic or a fun loving drunk?
& matte paintings, puppets/animatronics, make-up & other analog effects..
GUYS: when you cheat on your girl...you're gonna meet another girl named KARMA.
seems wrong that they'll keep making decisions for the district...I'd hope they'd take leave from the board while investigated.
Yeah. Probably. :)
yes sir ;)
"Schools out for Summer".... Now What!? Join Accolade Fitness for the summer with our "Student Summer Special". Memberships are valid...
John Kruk by far makes the best show going
See also: I-69 every day between 4-6 (but that construction really sucks now). RT Yup, I-69 is a parking lot
Tonight is half priced bottles of wine! Every bottle is half off! Come grab a bottle and sit on our beautiful patio!!!
going to a fancy restaurant
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: 12 piece Kitchen tool set, normally $19.99 yours FREE with $30 purchase! (Riverwest)
Its funny when you yell lololol
Fun: playing hide & seek. Not fun: playing hide & seek with my keys, & I'm not the one hiding
Your a bigger hoe thn i thought. Can't trust you around any of my friends can I?
re: last tweet, deadline to request a runoff is noon on Thursday
; back to sleep i go ✌
“: There's a story at the bottom of this bottle and I'm the pen.”
Helluva season tigers, cant b mad .. No shame in losing in ALCS... Cant wait for opening day!!
I need to be a better spanglish writer!!
anyone have an opinion on reiki they'd like to share?
Excellent questions by the way. =)
why do you suddenly hide my taskbar? that is taking "maximizing" a bit too far!
I love you , love your body , your lips , your hair everything on you . *awww
Sweet! There it is! Now, can I use basic rename / mv command to give it a better title?
Let me know if you need help with that girl! :)
like Reggie bush wanting to lead the league in rushing?
We can't wonder on and on. And if it takes me the rest of my life to be by your side, I'll do it for you. <3
My brother got the Winning Game ball from his baseball game! Yeah!.
Avenue Q taught me that last one.
You don't have to worry about me sexing your daughter! Um rude ppl.
picosos has the best green chili and more dine in,takeout,or have delivered look us up on yahoo picososmexicanfood.com
It is so hot in my room
Buying Strength Finders, suggested in a HR group I am in.
OH "we're making the solutions to problems that no one has"
I guess I will see the new TT soon!
@ @ @ @ thank you my friend. hope you're feeling better!
Some connection to earlier victims, and most ended their lives without warning-some right after assuring others they would never do it."
Done bein' a hater.. Just focusing on me from here on out.
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead way to stay classy, twitter. 👍
Today is #thanksfornothing day!
indeed you can! send us a note at and we'll have it sorted out for you!
it would be a really long drive from Minneapolis
Not to mention Software Defined Networking will obliterate their business model. Reminds me of circa OS/2 IBM.
when you smile, i smile <3
We would love to see that!
I broke into the autopsy room after the coroners left, and ate one of his fingers. Now I can assume his form.
When's the big day?
Arizona in Chile
nice avatar switch. Congrats on hokey pokey
Portugal. The Man
Back at work making some greens!
Awesome discovery of the day: I can use to request ILL from from on-campus computers. So easy!
voted bro
Describe the feeling when you are playing your best...in one word #growthe game
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com##
dude, we're doing fucking 'locomotive breath', duh.
yes, I'm ok. Scratched my rim. But I'm ok.
What is your #vision, what drives you to fulfill it, what are you doing about it? #leadership SeanLetwat
i saw rosbergs moment,no graphics in the US just sights and sounds
Wonder certainly plants a seed that slowly germinates.
what you guys up to? Save me!
yes I am :( and yes you should come visit me!! I would love that :)
Have you seen our new Gift Cards? They're the perfect gift for Valentine's Day and they work at the 13th Floor too!
i have to go pee but i dont want to leave the computer :O
Just filled out my bracket. I got the #packers winning another championship.
can you follow me
Overheard in the line @ Starbucks: "I dont know what they put in it but their coffee always makes feel kinda high."/It's caffeine, you wuss!
Watched #MidnightinParis with #owenwilson. Pretty cool movie tho I'm not a huge fan of Woody Allen.
Okay I'm going to try this falling asleep thing again.
your like the center of attention hahaha im happy now i found pizza thanks for the offer though ;D
oh god
Congrats to all of the people who are graduating today !!!
TGIF! Why did this week seem so long?
He is hardcore out there, totally love that though. Not even a Florida fan but thats a coach right there!
Damn him old jerk! Thinking highly of himself.
Slow ppl grind the eff out of my gears!!!
Finished regular season 27-10. Not too shabby. Now on to the World Series starting Monday!
I was thinking conference organizers should ask attendees upon registration their gender and size for accurate t-shirt orders.
Seriously Sheila? Turn off the music. Put down the popsicle and write your goddam book.
lets talk
hell ya we do
One day a year is ridiculous, but at least it reminds us to celebrate our goddesses: Happy Int'l Women's Day!
You are so right! :-)
playoff hockey & ...
Singing all day.
get better soon ;)
i'm voting 'unacceptable.' office life is inherently non-funny.
Rachel's going to sleep. goodnight<3
RT : SOA is not dead, but has become an underlying set of principles and technology that drives IT trends such as Cloud Computing.
when's a good time?
oh yea:D
Missing two stepping with my boyzz light up the cell guyzzzzz
Know from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing isn't to stop questioning.
ok thanks bro ^_^ I love you
Follow me on instagram please and thank you.
Couple of Duke players wearing Jordan's today - don't remember seeing that before.
The moment when you do something for money and the people run off and you NEVER see them again! Is it just me or does it happen to everyone?
I dig it. I will bring that to Chicago.
Thanks! Couldn't have done it without your support :) RT : Congrats on an awesome Shop Your Values Week!
Until you've had one you don't know. Unless you've lived without options you should just shut up. You should just shut up!
Interesting dynamic with World Peace now. People want to take 1 step to kinda, sorta defend him, but not 2. Image rehab like 90% complete.
Jessica Sanchez right now >>>> <3
Can't sleep, but Twitter ain't helping. Two's
: Can't u pitch? You'd be better than the idiots I have to warm up every day
okay i will make sure i do that
uhoh email link didn't work. Can you DM the right one?
We dont have one this year but we have a bunch of new photos & wallpapers on kings.com! Keep an eye out for the new SKD poster!
thanks brother
That one isn't even funny.
Just spoke directly to Capt. Clark of the 4th Precinct...She's on it...Let me know if there is no improvement.
BLESSINGS TO YOU AS WELL
oh man that's so ringing. Great.
What did you think of the go go Panthro arms in the last #ThunderCats ?
Yeah I <3 the iPhone 311 app for "street art" removal.
Shout Out To All The Real DJS and Real Music Industry Lovers...Ita A hard Job But some one has to do it,,,,StreetRadioMag
Morning Dude! :)
: And another thing. While I was at GEPD I overheard GE employees mocking a citizen's feedback. Appalling.
Goodness is the only investment which never fails. H. Thoreau
DTS Brings Premium Audio to BYD Vehicles - SYS-CON Media (press release)
Hell, UK be perfect, He get to start and get to play for the best coach at getting players drafted high
Grt summary RT : Panel on balancing privacy by design & app innovation. Iterate & correct mistakes fast, earn trust as you go
remember them days when me and was at them purdue camps
A bloody Mary makes doing taxes marginally less painful.
I over love my best friend, my sister, my ace.. When you cry I cry too!
Everyday more & more this boy shows how immature he is ... So sick of it all!
if it's yellow let it mellow, if it's brown flush it down?
RT : I don't understand how torrents work, but feel free to download and spread my film. I won't sue you. I promise....
Never lose sleep over something that isn't worth staying awake for.
never that.
Every #REAL belieber should get a chance to see in concert, right?
A thing of beauty, and counterintuitive.
no no no that's Aubrey.
Me and Lupe got a song comin out called "The L's with No L's" .. Peep game
so far, open
I didn't realize not dying meant i had to live with the constant reminder of how much it cost to save my life. I should've died.
But all I want to do is play guitar...
Woke up to such a pretty sight! Snow everywhere!
These papers are going to be the death of me
Finally just watched #blackswan .. ahh sketchhhyy now can't sleep, unwinding with E news
Seeking focus study participants in Philadelphia for discussing an upcoming invention at Bashpole. I'll provide lunch or drinks, 1 hour max
#theconfusioncomesin when parents have different views on right and wrong
If you could “call a holiday,” what would it celebrate? What would you name it?
I just adore and love big titted reindeer!
After yesterday's commute I grinned with glee to board happy/crazy singing driver's bus today. Haven't seen him in a while, sorely missed!
Why should they? Not necessary to waste resources that way. SSP does only sell from its own site though. A + step imho
Who is the best summertime band?
I hope you have more pubes than facial hair...
Just heard the Brian McKnight track,I say release it.Need some more baby making music out ,trey fell off on his last cd.Need tha ready bak!
when is break?
I had my lil brother & sister cracking up
WATCHING YOU GUYS NOW ON YOUNOW !
I was going to be the next Asian-American basketball phenom, but then I took an arrow to the knee #toosoon?
Hassli deserves a second card. He's an idiot that thinks way to much of himself. Do you really think you can kick a guys leg on a header?
So much for Abe's legendary honesty rubbing off on people - I just fell for a horrible archival-related hoax & am sad its not true :(
Thankful my house didn't float away in the rain we got last night. That was an intense storm.
Yes. If you would like to do that, you can.
if only it was St Patrick's day still and it would be socially acceptable to randomly throw up on people
Has anyone tried the Dorito taco at Taco Bell yet?
the fuck how are you Dominican and can't speak spanish? YOUR A FUCKING DISGRACE
honestly, I'd prefer Jason or Thomas
Running out of all my make up and having no money to buy anymore, goodbye social life.
And you will try to do what you did before, pull the wool over your eyes for a week or more
Last few days remind me why I want to be in Florida...just need to sell a million books, donate my winter gear and I'm ready to head south!
Still haven't paid parking ticket from last year's Film Criticism in Focus conference. Regardless, not sure I can make tomorrow's.
Glad you like them. RT : Wow! I just saw the #AmericanU new HD television ad! Very cool!
thank u
Thank you!
let's ride. Nice leather seats new car sent tint... N so much more. U can also twitter while it's n cruise control ;)
When I first got my driver's license, gas was $0.59/gal. Now I'm happy to see it at $3.10.
i am watching the news. 12news is my fav news station....
Very cool, keep us posted with some pics :)
Rip Ryan Dunn
Been waiting with my boyfriend at Cedars Sinai so long they have taken his vitals twice. Ridiculous.
thanks for the follow. Email is ..launching soon.
Watched "P.S. I Love You" last night... and am still recovering emotionally 12 hours later.
Tebow to the Jets?? ouch!
LOL!! Eventually he'll run out of steam.
Today ain't goin hurt but 2mmrow I gotta go to akien graduation WALLACE YU DID IT BABY BOIII I'M SO PROUD OF YU
I just want to go back to when things weren't so complicated..
Happy Easter to all! 🙏💐🌸🐰 I hope it was a blessed day.
you know a girl is hurt when she starts ignoring you. - Drake <3
Recording an EP tomorrow!
#IWouldDoAnythingFor you to follow us on Twitter!
I'm usually a bit iffy on talking work at work parties, but I guess it's alright if that's your passion
do you guys have a game this weekend?
Richie Havens - Nobody Left To Crown - 07:27 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Dear Mother Nature, Sorry about the thermostat comments but you didnt have to show whos boss with this tornado stuff. Jeeezzzz.
i would recommend jeremiah @ labou - if he calls today, he can get the cut for $25! 206.264.7901
Wife is "pan frying" some steak. I want to kill myself.
I just wanted to clear that up, but whatever, I tried.
Thinking of converting faith ?
#Thunder make the #Lakers look old...
Happy New Years Everyone.......and Happy Anniversary to the best parents a guy could ask for!!
just grinding. Taking a sec to do ths family thing this weekend
Please follow me ! I'm a #loyal Directioners :DD
is on breaking down #Bills-#Raiders Sunday at The Ralph. 222-6000
I wanna go back to hawaii so bad
Things that are confusing: hearing 's dulcet tones on the phone or in Council chambers.
Niggas killn ova j's???.....Smdh. grow tha fuck up and stack ur cake up and buy them....bum ass niggas like that gets no love from me (-_-)
ok, will do!
#Xfactor, go Melanie!
I FOLLOW BACK! EVERY SINGLE ONE.
we've been without power here in Carrollwood for over an hour. What's up?
Raising teenagers is like nailing Jello to a tree.
looks so beautiful on Jay Leno tonight! Love her.
oh look, someone made a time lapse movie from the ride last night. It’s fast but gives a good sense.
I'ma ask my mama if I could get them this summer, I really want them so bad!!!!
. welcome to twitter!
I miss my baby. Why do you gotta be so far away ?
Just finished loading in at Reno's Chop Shop in Dallas. Come join us for beers!
Ugh i forgot my phone at home!! i feel LOST! :( lol
All of those presenters are firecrackers as scholars AND as teachers!
There's something in a simple hug That always warms the heart, It welcomes us back home And makes it easier to part ~Johnny Ray Ryder, Jr.
The Mind Creatures FREE at 529 in East Atlanta Sunday the 14th! 10 o clock. Guest list only so hit me up! HOLLA
thank you!
Sounds awesome!!! Send me a link with some info. Would love to check it out! :)
Hello Thanks for following back..Looking forward for your tweets! *cheers*
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 45
no u cannot! That ones mine! ;) lol. Jk
i am still waiting for your replay please let me know and please answer my question. i want to buy this unlock
Wasn't born with money, but I be birthing it
quit apologizing! Damnit man it's racing!
My heart dropped, my stomach turned 360, and I almost cried. I don't want anything to happen to you ❤
always is. I might come through tomorrow
yes please
Question: are you regretting your nautical star tattoo yet? Cause I still don't regret not getting one.
I accept that!
What's there to do in Ft.Myers? We will be there tomorrow.
#JustBeingHonest but I really want 1d tickets to the Oakland show on jun 14 for me and
just finished a wonderful day at the Phillips and Nasar Abaday at the Atlas.... MORE THIS WEEK!!!!! www.dejazzfest.org
"Its better to have loved than to have not loved at all"
Has anyone else ever had that?
ah, I get it now. You meant you only know 2 guys who like shoujo. Lol @ got totally confused.
We're in love with the thought of being in love.
Call him a plumber I like the way he pipe it!!
Does the #newTwitter taste the same? Is the old Twitter now ClassicTwitter?
In Chicago for ALA Executive Board Orientation & Meetings-Long days & much work,all a great honor & also serious responsibility.Wish me luck
I Love Your Tweets! It Would Really Make My Day If You Followed Me Back :)
It's bowl selection time
Had tickets to zac brown.... But winning like that is
Let those of us who remember the true sabbath keep this commandment today and do nothing until sundown.#REST!
Why does it make me angry when I'm up late enough to see, "Last Call with Carson Daly"
It's really hard to keep it in your pants when you're not wearing any..
Just delivered Skydottir samples to in #Bothell. If this is your 'hood, let them know you want epic cookies!
Thinks either copious amounts of booze or vicodin would be much appreciated at the moment. Damn spinal tap.
Bleeh.. Bus service to javits sucks. Even if select.
Ha, which is why I'm confused on why you and alot of other UL fans were "cheering for UK today?"
Pray to Jobs they know how to do this. But if not them, who?
finally figuring out how to use twitter properly, after all these years!
GOOD:D
Send flowers and/or care package and have a Skype date! RT : Any ideas on what to do if your Mom is far away??
I asked?
Come over please !
Oooohhh!! Remind me closer to the date. I'd love to come see you!
I hope everyone who goes to prom has a blast tonight but be safe!!! 💃 #HaveFun😊
1D may be a hot new band,but i will NEVER stop beeing a true ICONiac . i will alwayz love the ICONic Boyz,nothing will ever come in my way .
New #Swankey website launching any day now... Stay tuned friends and fans! We're so excited!
Lmbo RT : I thought Ice Berg Slim died already?
do you think I can get some for less than $300?
If your product or service is in short supply, customers will often see it as more valuable.
Went to show today. Biz Markie & were great. Then met and , co-authors of !
looks like lakers are goning to win ;)
Welcoming & (to name a few) for #winetasting. Cheers mates!
I haven't even taken drivers ed.
Wished you follow me, Paul ;/
Thank you Anne!
Have you gotten the chance to buy a copy of The Pinch at AWP? The current issue of the Pinch is 7 dollars & back issues are $3! See Booth F3
Eh.....H5 & H7 trof still well west of New England tonight. Doubtful.
Soap and Spa Bath Bombs are now in stock. Two sizes to chose from. Large $6.45 and Jumbo $7.45 come by 1720 Juan Tabo NE Suite E
wishes a very happy 26th birthday!
Researching your family tree can lead you to many different treasures. Learn how @ www.myfreegenealogy.com
: thanks for the shoutout!
i like where your head is at
I hope the new MBP's come when the Apple Store goes back up. And they better be Retina. And have SSDs. And make sandwiches.
Congratulations to #Virginia on their dramatic 9th inning comeback today. Welcome back to #Omaha and the
are you high? Yes, it happened.
Can't believe your dad took the shark high-five photo. So awesome! Pinned to my Pinterest board a few weeks ago. Amazing!
She said she was riding the bus & I told her she better hurry & get ready. She said she was ready. You'll see what I mean.
I saw that you said you were raised catholic. Me too. It's that whole evil & possession thing & it happening.
This is true. Once you export your document, you'll need to format it properly in word. It's easy though.
Hello back and thank you for the warm welcome ; )
Lobby Tonight!-5PM in Annapolis. Speak up for offshore wind, clean water and a trash-free Maryland. E-mail for details.
Good debate with haha
#GoTribe Roll tribe thursday
sorry for your lost! Keep your head up n know that he's in a better place now !
why you ain't come to school?
Greatest day ever!!
Don't text while you drive...it will only make you a worse driver
I <3 this guy
Getting smart on machine learning and recommendation engines. w00t!
How was everyone's weekend??
first time I have been hungry in four days and what am I craving? Chili cheese fries. Yummy cure for a hangover
Bye Bye twitter deleting u later
My mom and her boyfriend are taking this too far. My life is not in danger, calm down..
Speed Likely Factor In Kauai Motorcycle Crash: Kauai police say a motorcycle driver from Kilauea lost control of h
Me too! I am super excited! I am really sorry about last weekend though. I really wanted to hang with you and Yas!
Excellent news!
With my dad and brother travel to decorate family's graves in Clay County for Memorial Day weekend. Widen first then to Groves Creek.
Sure, I'll add your info.
Can U Do Me A Favor And Help Me Get More Followers
Looking forward to some big hits next year, Shaq! RT Husky nation
Earth Day offers plenty of freebies
I like taking black and white photos, because they always make my teeth look super white.
#ThatOnePersonWho cries for attention
I also had a dream where Louis complemented me on how smooth my legs are.. LOLWUT
Rain , rain go away, come back another day!!! Lacolumbe coffee and espresso brewing. NY Times in the house ! Must be Sunday brunch time!
RT : RT!! $1 to Share Our Strength and Action Against Hunger
The potential significance of the site is low. There is some deposition but no stratigraphic separation, relatively sparse assemblage.
Apparently, today is my five year anniversary on Twitter. I shall go break out the party hats.
The daily emails are the only daily emails that don't annoy me on a daily basis. Keep up the amazing content!
nice one ill come out and party with u. U should come to Houston for a weekend as well.
Goodnight World C U 2morrow!
terrific, that's the one near me! Thanks for the tip!
not liking the look of this oil crisis
valet parking that parks cars on the street, thus necessitating the use of valet parking
I don't think so. I wish I could whistle for it or something.
you all are giving me the motivation to actually finish it, LOL.
Mk. Well obviously there will beed to be a section of hammocks with side rails.
Don't beat yourself up about one bad choice. Choose better next time.
Medical Alert Units will be as important as having a flatscreen television in your home soon. For your elderly, your children, etc.
BELIEVE in YOUR VISION! Even when NO ONE else does!
Any time. Good luck with your paper.
Dear Madonna, Retire. Sincerely, All of Us.
My head hurts!! Oh the hunger pains!
where and how did you get that outstanding ocean picture? What state are you in and how many of you are living out of the RV?
do u have any of space needle pens at the 5th & Olive store?
it is sure to be an adventure that will double your possessions
I want in too!
To catch a fish, you only need one hook.
Myspace has become so unusable.
Foundation funding is 7-8% of overall fundraising giving via wow!!! Did I hear that correctly?
Angry whales
2nd half, Let's Go
Good discussion of security, privacy, and the cloud. Thanks to Tammy Clark, Georgia State's CISO.
Her first day of work, awesome 👍lol
Just finished the First Season of #GameofThrones on Bluray.....Holy Amazeballs
Transmitter problem resolved All viewers should now be receiving our signal loud and clear :)
glad to hear it!
Yeah, humility - and arrogance.
Did you thumb your way down there?
thank you for following ! (:
thought u might like music.
Thanks! RT : Today I will be at the March for Babies in Miami! Now you can sign up and walk too!
On tonight's menu: Pork chop with rosemary, pancetta and green cabbage. The garage doors are open!
Cant wait to see the final product! =)
Game over!
Do you want your real estate-based website to bring in more revenue w/o up front costs? We'd like to talk to you about partnering.
": Beauty is a curse on the world, it keeps us from seeing who the real monsters are."
wearing sweatpants publicly and I have no intention of going to the gym
hahaha! Deep thoughts. Let's go with work...
The Kitty Cats :)
All over the world babies can recognize changes in all languages but adults can only recognize changes in their own lang
you guys are awesome :) really enjoyed the concert in Chicago last night
“: Pretending to care about a teachers personal life, to waste time in class."used to do this all the time when I went 2 school
to do list: kill Jay with my mad skills *check* xD
Isnt it too early to be this sleepy?
yo saw you on stairs but had to pee badly. Someday I'll meet you in person.
Don't touch what you can't grave.
Elizabeth - throw your website/blog address on your profile so I can find your book. MD
There is no word to describe how funny it is that Saint Louis U gets farther then Mizzou
Congratulations! Welcome to the #FitFluential family!! :D
#Famouslies I have read the terms and conditions *clicks button*
The conversation I just had with my best >> .. Too cute & funny for his own good :)
SHOUT OUT TO GO FOLLOW PLEASE!
It's gonna start raining and Orlean hasn't gotten here -_-
wow! Excellent question, depends on location of bar, i.e. that bar could be located near a predominately white biker town :)
um my foot still hurts #why?
thanks! Ill keep posting on what's going on! Ill try to kill it (;
Let's go
hi buddy
Scoop! takin ova
$230?? My fare was $750!! Insane! I'll be there 2nd week of Feb, maybe the 1st week of Mar, & probably a few more times this year.
thank you. (:
Huge crowd at the golf course!! Come find us!!
I Wanna Just Kill Myself Like ANYONE Would Even Care!! I'm Done
Just for the record... is a total blanket hog! :D <3
I forwarded that link to one of my buddies. He is new to freelance. Thanks!
": Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. -Satchel Paige"
CUTTING MY HAIR =/
Everyone tweet GOOD LUCK ACM !!! Do it now, or your not a real #Mahomie !! (: <3
Apparently, PS3s don't exist at Costco.
Congrats to on his victory at ! Way to cap off a great weekend of racing!
this is good news!
call for a runway and see if can set it up!
Really? I don't need this right now ...
I wanna go! Only one book though? They must not stay very long.
LOVE Kelly Clarksons dress! Also love that her song has an intro.
haha you can go to my house in san diego if you want;D
hello in a while, in class yesterday talked about twitter art; thought of your book proj--how is progress going? :)
Awesome flash mob by the skylight opera theatre at the world's lrgst coffee break!!!
Chipotle was mentioned on
if is the father of your child, then follow me and RT
will do dudes, we'll hit you up whenever we get that EP release show set up.
bro it's great I love this island I been buggin
Hey buddy, you should get an email back shortly, been super busy on this side. Sorry about the troubles, hope all else is well
I cant wait till May so I can devote my days to 30 Rock
Some of us geezers are with Mona on this # nerdland
I'm good, getting ready to go workout before I head to work.
It's a beautiful day in Rockford IL. Must be 60 degrees.
RT : RT : I only start complaining when it really hurts :') and it really hurts :'
Go #Nuggets!
I need your naughty or nice Xmas list asap!
the cover photo is a popular german dessert...
I hope you guys are tearing up the town!!
I fucking hate dub step.
...Hey I heard you like the wild ones :)
Thanks for the mention. I noticed you suggested a lot of SproutBox co's, any connection?
Margaritas, fresh chips & salsa, the best guacamole, & of course CHEESE DIP! What else u need?Well, if u want an entree, we have those too!
Teams day at school tomorrow (:
Awake! Will be drinking 's Run Before U Crawl Tomm! RT Beer Bear is awfully quiet. He still in hibernation?
thanks man!
RT : All work and no play violates the 2nd law of thermodynamics
Ha - I started it last week. RT : Starting 2 read The Girl w/ The Dragon Tattoo ths week...
Slept hard! Gonna be a busy day
Melo looking like he playing for Syracuse.
all kinds of yes to it ;)
faggot can also mean a block of wood...... not that it usually ever means that. But just pointing that out.
why is a new ref starting the 4th?
congrats baby!
I'm here
Thanks, Nate. Clearly my impulse control switch was off this morning :-)
Holy Sepulcher and Via Dolorosa on Good Friday = Chaos. But I did get to do all the stations of the cross
Heading to SFO on #united on a very early flight
im starting to build good friends in my twitter account...god bless you all Of you guys...
Tonight!!! hosts us with special guests and Tim Ehrlich! 1030 is when the shenanigans start!!!
“: Sometimes god speaks to you through other people...” amen !
Thank you Kevin Garnett, thank you.
Did you put Lucroy and Morgan in there on accident?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it. -Rita Mae Brown
Hi!! Yay you found me!
Scalper - "Tickets for Thrice at the Metro were $22. I'm selling mine for $90! It's a fair price!" Sir, a 400% increase is not a fair price.
What is the meaning of life? To be happy and useful
why u say that?
°o° Neat background song choice at #Universal - "I've Got My Love To Keep Me Warm" by Kay Starr. Had a nice beat and could dance to it!
Livin' on the edge!
13 or 14 school days left, then finals week. Have things (roughly/topically) planned out until May 25th.
you can buy fake ones :)
well I was first!
"Take this job and love it." - John C. Maxwell
Rafael Marquez (Mexico) is shown the yellow card.
Talking to you for hours ive never frlt so content with our relationship ending.
In a cab rushing to meeting and get a call that mtg is cancelled.
MONDAY - Grand Jury meets all day. 2 Hearings on Motions to Suppress evidence. 1 Robbery Trial.
We are a Menomonee Falls based marketing company looking to grow our Twitter page and would love a RT!
hahahaha its the pain of being artistic haha... y couldn't we have been water polo players, Alwyn?
Thank god for creating the best plant ever! Life would suck without a lil bit of Mary Jane in it!
Amazing season, Chicago Bulls! Thank you, thank you, thank you!
The goal is control via
Bin Laden documents at a glance - Washington Post
What a shot to end the first!!! I yelled so loud I woke up my baby nephew!
on the bus blew up a pumpkin and made ice cream at skool today lol
Can't even begin to comprehend the loss of 42.....however, it's time for D-Rob to step up. Great teams overcome.
Israel, Palestinians...."need to come to terms." Di Carlo
Fun lunch with Good to talk marketing with old school peeps!
Oh Patsy Cline, you know me too well.
Another early show!
Whiskey Tango is packed for happy hour!! #downtownhollywood Let's go!!
Sitting here writing my brother&making cinnamon rolls.
Im a king to dees niggas, love a queen fuck the bitches..
Wake yo punk ass up!! "In my MC Eight voice"
will Bullington everyone he's scared of what some cave kids think and talks shit on twitter
His surname is kind of ironic, isn't it? Trump that one.
Who wants a shout out?
let the record show that wine barrels..loaded w cherries for 2 years is a winning combination for beer
ik my mom said next year maybe we can go
that is the greatest thing ive ever seen
We'll be at the New Way in ferndale watching Lightshow Bob get nasty on the lightar as tears it up on stage. You should be there.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
porque no :c &ya no insistas :s'
I do to brrroooooooo
looking forward to hearing with at
Neither. I use Sweetie. The other 2 seem too personal. Sweetie is multi-purpose... ;-)
No Problem :)
Fantastic night with cutest couples ever!
. is going all Nate Silver with his electoral Excel spreadsheets. Interesting stuff.
makes me happy ❤ :D
definitely the water park at the Hilton, and any of Milwaukee's great restaurants.
I followed you!
Arab world's first presidential debate in Cairo yesterday. Followed shortly by first yelling at TV en masse.
I can't stand bad ass kids that I can't whoop...
very cool! thanks for sharing! will slides be on slideshare?
Everywhere I go I find a poet has been there before me.
just curious - any public librarians on those committees, especially LITA?
So excited for this weekend!! ...siike I'm working and taking the SAT 👎👎👎👎
Small Business Events: Be There, or Miss Out
interested in public diplomacy? is hosting a conference on it Friday. Follow the hastag
yeah. I really want to get back there. I loved the food at Thirst and Vine, so I can only imagine that its going to be good
"Red sky at night, sailor's delight: Red sky at morning, sailors take warning."
#1MillionEnchancers nice u rock kid from papa enchancer :)
Maybe can teach me how to cook.. Lol cc ;)
You're quite welcome! Great session!
On my way to #thelake watching #nsn on my way there ily
Hope so! : Should Roy Williams start packing? Maybe all that pointing was him telling us he is moving on?
Thanks to all our new followers! Awesome to see you all!
#IfItWasntForTwitter I would be bitching to my pillow pet
Larmar Odom and now THIS! Say it is not so.
ehhhhh cough cough my vocal chords are dead i need powerade ASAP!
''Fashion isn't necessarily about labels. It’s not about brands. It’s about something else that comes from within you.” —Ralph Lauren
#vulgarcelebs Kerry Katona ( am I doing this right????)
had heard mixed reviews about D2L (course management site), but even as a low-tech newbie, I'm finding it much better than blackboard!
big time lulz!
#RizzoliandIsles fans if you missed my earlier tweet Sasha Alexander told me today she is NOT set to attend ANY conventions.
WORLD AIDS DAY!!! Get tested and be safe:-)
Attention beloved customers, we take grocery bags at either of our locations! Paper, plastic, we also will take newspaper off your hands!
Good morning!! Im up early today cuz I gotta rehearsal with my kidz dancers
texts may work when voice doesn't in quake.
will all be at Marquee Theater Tonight for Tech N9ne and Murs! Doors open at 6pm, show starts at 8pm!
i hate that i forgive so easily!
I didn't see that BPI did, but I read that AFA Foods, BPI's competitor did file.
So many parrots flying overhead in L.A.! It makes me happy that I never see one alone.
May angels lead you in
I am loving your advice one liners for artists! And life! Power and punch!
Picking up a "wish list" from Gompers Elementary School today. Trying to do so every month. Every little bit helps.
Some stories are unbelievable... Damn.
I would give my future first born to see LL and Paul "chillin'" like homeboys do...ya know boiiiii
Ran to #Drupalcon with no UK cash this morning. Willing to exchange $20 US for £10 UK to tide me over... any takers?
Odds bodkins! RT : If your blonde won't respond when you flatter her, tell her what Tony told Cleopater-er.
plug it in then hit autofill it should work
Ohmygod that was just wrong
there are only 4 color total but why wud u want all of them?
Watched cheese doesn't melt.
she's trying to kill me. Lol
God loves u n ur friends,family n twitter friends love u too. :-)
Thanks for the RT!
if you were roc's wife you would know his name is Chresanto August <3
I won't make fun of you anymore. Wait do you guys talk ? :O Because if not, that'd be fucked up. Sorry /:
If you are 50 years old and banging on the glass at a hockey game, something isn't right
i know that Blake gonna b on that classic album of yours
I'm so sorry, I got deported to "south middle" junior year. I didn't realize you'd suffer from such separation anxiety!
I really dont want to go to school tomorrow...
Thank you for the S/O Dori. Hug & blessing to your wkend :)
ahah may we forever die of laughter:b
Whisper "Black Horse" at today's ice cream pop-up to purchase our secret third flavor!
that's what's up. Im jealous, you calling Hawaii boring. You going to Cali this summer?
That was, by far, the most thuggish French I've ever heard.
#Cardinals hire former gold glove catcher Mike Matheny as the new STL manager. Interesting choice we'll see what happens.
Don't have it, but they use Sprint's network. Not a good option for me on this side if the state amongst the corn.
So I guess my dad & Mary came home,Mary left,came back, and they both left, all while I was listening to the CD & I didn't know.
So do we! We're on our way. Glad you like what we're doing.
I've been doing that all-year long, yet they can't seem to leave me be. Ah whatever, it doesn't bother me.
how about Manning for QB & Tebow as RB while he learns everything Manning knows.
Nick will be fired tonight.
Xmas Tweets: Mom noticing that "with the sun shining, and the wonderful weather, it doesn't seem like Christmas."
Humpty dumpty putting pieces back together again
who? tom?
Thx for the heads up - would be nice to drink it on cask.
Good Am, Grind mode by any means, live life Stress Free love God, yourself, family, friends.....
Learning about crowdsourcing
Bye Falcon lol
patron merged chapters for thesis from diff files, but endnote bib wouldn't alphabetize. any help out there? followed directions, but not ok
Good stuff at #glamwiki today. Excited about the potential of the project and the great people involved.
In hollister at the mall! (:
(c) to have a girlfriend! just be happy for him ok? if he has a girlfriend now be happy for him. just smile and think how happy he is now(c)
Feeling real gd this morning just got the news that my bro will be home in two days can't wait to see u Ace!!
Melo clearly got hit and no call! Refs have been HORRENDOUS today. WTF!!!
This is what happens when I let my Us Weekly subscription lapse.
What the hell?! That's like getting a Happy Meal and there's no toy inside.
Thanks much! Just keep sending Art Educators and Art Lovers our way! (We are having a resource drive right now!)
omg I'm gonna die.. i can wait for the end of this
Asada?Carnitas?Pollo or Al Pastor? Only serving 3 Please advise....back on the road pretty soon.
Also, my girlfriend has demanded on making a new banner for the blog. I will show you once it's done.
The first thing u say when u step in shit is shit lol
feeling a little nauseous in this bus ride.
M, In-N-Out burger.
Pregnant belly so close to me to ruin my dinner :(
good luck:)
and it begins...time for a kick smoothie and an amazing Yoga session with the one and only Noah Powell I am so excited I could just cry!
i agree. That is in my top 5 for sure. Val Kilmer's best role!
I love y'all :)
always forget to update my twitter... i should be ashamed =S
OMG WHAT ALEX NO
I dreamt last night that I was rehearsing an Off-Broadway play with and It was awesome.
#ThingsINeverUnderstood.....why in every song screaming the same shit..."I'm so hood"...alright nigga Damn we get it!
Banjo? I'm going to get a dog and name it Banjo.
and you think you sound any betta to dem?
Wow. The Communications Blog had the largest readership over the last couple of days since the Aug. 16 launch. Thanks for reading everyone!
Just emailed my former high school counselor to see if there's any possibility of me walking with my class in June! Let's see what happens x
I'm for sure makin this new video today!
me either girl
Do it just like that, only you can do it just like that.
Bumping #DreamChasers2 in L.A doesnt even feel right though lol whole dofferent vibe out here
now im hella hungry... and there is NO barbecue to be had
On the Internet you can be anything you want. It's strange so many people choose to be stupid!
probably should have gone to bed at some time last night, instead of not doing that.
is quite possibly doing the first ever live-tweet of a Van Halen concert right now. Back to the Future!
What's your favorite meal of the day,
One word....GoKarts!
This is the most ridiculousestest thing ever
Hope your shoulder gets better soon!
having tons of fun pranking ppl at the office for april fool's!
Focusing on the act of breathing clears the mind of all daily distractions and clears our energy enabling us to better connect with Spirit.
#Oomf are too horny tonight, it's unreal!
what a beautiful Spring morning! I just finished a 2.07 mi run with a pace of 9'47"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Last year, how long did that combine last?
my friend almost killed himself right in front of me... i almost killed a guy too!and my best friend committed suicide
Pleasantly surprised some flights now have #wifi. $5. Not bad.
DONE IT! Add that to my previous answer!
Why does need go follow over 300 people?
My Next Girl...Goin To Be...#TheOneForMe!
Rocking chairs out front, fresh hot rolls, local oysters, delicate calamari @ Jimmie & Sook's in Cambridge MD
It's spring
my ankle boot
Israelis on alert amid Land Day protests
I'll keep doing that
my mother just walked in demanding more purses...smh spoiled!
Why does the #GOP think the states are more efficient? How are 50 bureaucracies better than 1?
thanks !! Happy #ff!
Very fast intro by Jennifer
You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. Bob Hope
ap chem...you have fucked my brain...
We are so excited to have as our newest Guest Contributor. Read her first post today at 10AM.
she's got a little bit of devil in her angel eyes.
Sorry... Now i feel like a dummy, its been a few days and I forgot what link you wanted haha. Again I apologize!!!
yeah we sucked. but what do you exspect when the whole damn team stands there like stone. im one of the only people who moved. kiss my ass.
hit up Warner bros and tell them to release our album. Easy enough? ;)
no worries. See you in Germany!
Vielen Dank! Thanks for following.
do you follow back? well do you????? answer me!!!
RT : Girl w/ red hair from Tough Love > > > Funny <<<follow me and
time to roll up and smoke up !
Pretending I'm in Paris is working out great-- I took an ordinary Sun afternoon & added wine, butter, and kitten heels.
RT Twin size beds are the worse I can't wait to go back home and stretch out in my own shit
Thanks for the review! :)
Getting my ass kicked in chess bc I'm watching newly downloaded Dr. Who.
Would love to win gas money so I could drive across state & bring my son home from college for Christmas. Thanks!
Well, if it was standing room only then you didn't miss a thing. I saw him in CHI & was exhausted by standing. Needs seats
Khalil and Khan lie in wait; a visit to the museum--two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Really mad I can't go see Vinny and Bianca today cuz of my dumb parents ...at least I'll get to meet them tomorrow!
My gym has new class called STRIP HOP. I'm thinking these two things do not belong together, who wants hop and strip..in a class??
How did the snow change your morning? Meant a beautiful sunrise and 3 times the commute time. But beautiful! No complaints from me
ALSO...just follow box directions but use a blender or immersion blender!
going to bed, exercising, Safeway, and pastry are on the agenda for tomorrow
wow Emily hahahhhaha
Just got some cedar/piñon from our guy Fred today. Unloaded & stacked! Give him a call & tell him he was tweeted! 720-7125
Good morning, Campers! Welcome to the unconference! Are we ready to have some amazing conversations today?
awe that made me feel so great! thanks barbie <3
Merry Christmas!
My last UK home game tomorrow. Its gonna be beautiful weather!!! GO CATs
ah we are. We're playing at Kankakee first church tonight
“: Night;)” -- goodnight luv
Spacing out between shows...z...
OMG I just saw a comercial with #ShawnJohnson on it!
Trying to find the "sexy" in a lot of these women I see around the city. Do they NOT care abt their own self image *confused face*
A box of were delivered today, they are so pretty!
You seem cool! & your tweets are really dope! :)
Who's going to the Yankees game tomorrow?
lol, i tryed but ur case was far to difficult for wht i could help diagnose :/
In French it's désespoir des singes, or monkey's despair, since it would be such a pain to climb :}
What you'll find in home movie collections. Today, a family visiting Dealey Plaza in 1964 and reconstructing JFK shooting scene.
A KLU shout out to Nikki Grimes for discussing the "invisible reader" and the marginalization of multicultural children's lit
2200mAh Battery For Canon Selphy ES1 Compact Photo Printer ...
Hey nigs...were hanging over vaca and watching Bruno....
It was for his mama! RT “: Y'all hilarious. So overall y'all like the celebration by Pierre?”
he's like actually possessed!
I constantly have way too fuckin much to worry about
Salem PD is here, moving in. Full gear, tear gas ready to go. #OccupyPdx #OccupyPortland Be solid people.
feels god
Is Todd Helton not playing cause he's hanging out with his bff Peyton Manning?
Hey Detroit! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
Michelle Key def. Sharon Jackson 15-11, 15-14 to win the Women's National Collegiate Singles Racquetball Championships.
Maybe you're just so damn Cockney.
i surely will, im sick of always relying on ma parents to give me money to get me stuff lol im trying to be independent lmao
Do I REALLY have to do homework? it never ends....
#FordMiamiLatism was a beautiful event & it was great to hear share some beautiful words on behalf of !
My head hurts from laughing so much :')
Sometimes people could be soo rude & not even realize they're being rude THOSE PEOPLE <<
REALLY?!? I watch it all the time
Sounds like some WiFi is about to get stolen. Heyooo!
Over here @ ACS Ent. we ain't got plex wit NOBODY but if u don't wanna see us succeed, then we don't wanna see u succeed either....
So how did everything go?
What can activists like me do to support the US in adopting a National Action Plan on 1325?
was right. My NEQ Audi club membership was a huge waste of money.
my MBP is having issues holding network time, which is causing bigger errors than one would expect. can't escape time.
So missing Dudar right now!!! Please get better!
cold Ezell's chicken leg for breakfast .. sure why not! I'm going in
-- Thanks for the FFs, mentions, and RTs!
