will do
Here we go again. I have to mow the yard for the first time this year. Here's to having to mow every week until Fall.
Having a great time in the name of country music
paul krugman: good docs or good genes?
thinks it is weird that there are only a few days left to 2009...
Tenth Award for Family-run Building Firm Being recognised in any industry is an achievement, but a family run building company has now sc
To my Florida faction, you look beautiful tonight
Happy birthday to my good buddy Geoff !
sounds like a good collection so far
Can't wait to reunite with our boyfriends (the Packers) in San Diego (a whale's vagina).
OKC's offense is no offense at all. They have championship talent, but do they have the scheme or ability to adjust in a 7 game series???
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket. -Adam Sandler
RT Jealous: Police doing racial profiling aren't doing other work reducing/preventing crime.
ohh okay now i understand, i read ur tweet wrong, sorry
Well some may have seen my "avatar' preview animation. I think I'll hold off 'til Halloween week and fix up its continuity.
Though many Americans have never met a #Muslim before, in a recent Gallup Poll 43% said they felt at least “a little” prejudice against them
love it!
- When EVERYBODY Was Little , All Wee Wanted Was Somee LIGHT-UP Shoes !
Are you coming to Memphis anytime soon... I miss you
Thanks! Want to be sure it's clear to everyone. Even those outside ASD community can participate in
Fall issue now available ! Need some sweet vintage fabrics? Check it out!
I think its time to change my twitter icon.... :/
Several scenes where he poses as real character, but we know he's a monster. Figuring out how to refer w/o beating reader on head.
there won't be any money, but when you die, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness
Start off the week with some positivity...
good doggy (;
Most pinners are based in the Midwest right now.
Duke University Survey Just In!!! 68% of US CFO's report having a hard time filling accounting and finance vacancies. We can help with that…
when I go on
what, no snow blanket for your sleepy harbor?!
you are going to be amazing! ": Wonderful show tonight w/ Company Rose. Trying to get ready for our performance tomorrow night!"
I hate #twitterspam. Can I get an #amen?
National Survey Reveals Eight Out of Ten Americans are Not Prepared for Natural or Man-made Disasters
Did I seriously read that right Ben and Jerry? "#Schweddy Balls!?!?!?!"
Butt pimples are the worst pimples. Maybe really short shorts wasn't the proper wardrobe selection for your morning jog lady
4th quarter- Playoffs- Close game. It's time for LeBron to prove the haters wrong!
can I get it
#ADCDebate BRAC is what it is and we need to deal with it
I don't know if they charge. The space is really cool; open floor plan; in NoLibs. Wifi worked well. Nice folks.
Evidently Timmy needs a Valtrex prescription?
Gretchen tells us that her parents are happily married and still living in Woodstock, New York.
Gun me followerss k gun backk ;).
Since I have only had Starbucks once this month, I thought it would be ok to splurge on some teavana
eating time
Day three of 8am-5am. Guy in front of me finally retired his green blazer.
HS senior Megan Parker is talking about her work with at-risk students & #MyIdea grant. "schools are for students."
We have no unanswered emails in our box. What was your question?
Happy Friday! What are everyone's plans for the weekend?
Jesse Lemisch suggests that we create a new Works Progress Administration to create new jobs. Forum on Job Market
how the fuck did chop suey get on my ipod?! And why am i listening to it? Fuckingg looser.
When you sign up to donate just say you were refered by brian white
What are the #Texans to do at QB now!?
“: new music on the way” can't wait to hear it!!!
RT : Looking forward to attending #40/40 reunion event tonight. Lots of winners & former 40s coming.
“: I refuse to stick my dick in a broke bitch...” LMFAO!
At the movies with Julian & elijah..bout to watch the avengers
stop what?
I'll try again. Not writing tip, but a copy ed. once replaced all my "said" tags w/ "chortled" "exclaimed," etc.
Have a story about battling the odds, resilience & determination? Share it w/us 2 be part of our free show 9/22 @ Century Plaza....
$200mil opening for THE AVENGERS. Lord.
I guess you and I share that unique and rarely discussed disorder called "cacographobia"...:)
These commentators are pro Cotto even when #Mayweather leads
Worth it, especially if you're in the north end.
I think God just answered my prayer questioning if I have any true friends...
Stalberg to the box again and Mike Smith still has a shutout going
#FF our intrepid producer is finally out of the shadows, on Twitter! what are we gonna do with him?
..smoking a bone?? Yoga breathing in the woods, blasting material girl and snow beach. #greatsuccess so far
#Googlover meet up with me you pussy!
RT : is helping raise money for a 2 yr. old boy who has Leukemia bit.ly/jiHw6W”
Always love, live and laugh... Remember, God has given us these things as answers in overcoming obstacles we face in life. Embrace it!
if only. Maybe another moratorium: no new functionality until packaging is sorted out?
I cannot sleep :C
Mark Lewis field goal is GOOD! Preds up 27-24 with :38 left in the game.
thanks for the RT! keep spreading the good word!
Big MC - The Nation is not just expecting You Back. We expect great numbers & Leadership. Lets go get 'em! IU84.
Listening to the Dum Dum Girls.
Aw. How come you unfollowed me?
I can now say I've spent 36 hours of my life as a telemarketer. Awesome.
XSS scares me.
even worse than the first ECW on TNN taping?
yes i do!
Wow, what a tough start to the week. Bears lose =[ on the brighter side it's about time for the Lions #doingwork they're looking gr8
WHO UNFOLLOWED ME I AM SO SAD :(
Thank you! It's been a great first year for the 'Folio - am pumped for 2012!
Yay i'm planning a NY trip for end of June. Yankee Stadium & BFFs baby arrival all planned! Can't wait! Haven't been since 6/2010
Sleep finally
yup its all good what you been on
#Schools and #libraries, if you want 5th-8th grade boys rolling in the aisles & excited about books, just have visit.
Congrats to all the winners at #MES12. Honored that was selected as Best Software. Thank you!
All moved into my dorm room.
Finally something funny on #SNL. Love and 's Nick and Nick sketch.
Love this chick !!
Chris Hansen popped out of nowhere!
Finally catching up on Gossip Girl 💜
love your tweets...inspiring but you unfollowed me! :(
follow me and follow back (:
Go Cardinals!
ooh that is awesome! I live in studio city moved here in jan and love it :D I am gonna add you on fb! Do u still talk to lh ppl?
It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities. -Eric Hoffer
Left my keys in my car. With my car running.
Your Welcome (: !
Ray Allen just missed a free throw...make a wish!
Having a great time at #vanhalen !
Enjoy your New Year's Eve Eve with lunch or dinner Fish Fry varieties include: Cod, Perch, Bluegill and Haddock.
listening to a good dose of at the office. Andy Kaufman stories: Yes!
“: Oh you have Instagram? Wow, you must be a really good photographer.”
"He's a natural born world-shaker" - Cool Hand Luke
Obscure #U2 song playing in J C Penny's. But then again J C Penny's is obscure...
it was tough. How did you learn about it?
even UglyTown was victim of thinking that one success = big payday rather than building strong ongoing profit model
Happy Friday!
were you around when we did fls so we probs didn't do it…. we've been planning this all week….
Happy Birthday Connor Landis! I miss you so much! R.I.P.
New Android apps for Facebook and twitter? Awesome! Updates for g+ too!
bored. someone should text me :)
Why do you have tattoos behind your thighs? Is it easier for people to see because youre always in the dog positon?
Life is wide open to the hungry motivate people!!!
What's the best country to start a #socent, #greenbiz and/or a #startup for the #neweconomy? Share your thoughts/experience.
“: I love a 10! 10s make me smile! #DWTS”
Hi - Autry #libraries and #archives are new kids on the Twitter block today too! Looking forward to yr tweets.
They ate both great bourbons but one s wheated and one is rye based I prefer the pappy because of the wheat.
Finally New York bound after an hour delay!
KS is my only concern too. Ive enjoyed every trailer. First time director. I think I'll see it.
My dissertation: Modernist writers were incredibly snobbish and generally felt pretty bad about it.
The start of the Dodgers game has been delayed due to rain.
Is this your first time here?
Fab Design Tip: Have a team that has your best interests in mind and will make sure that you are happy with your decorating results.
As much as it hurts to admitt, your completely right.
You would think. It's just freaking pathetic the only Panthers news we get right now is who is signing autographs.
So cool to see on 's Chopped tonight! Congrats, Alli! cc:
Time for bed, my wife is calling me. Maybe I'll get lucky. Bwaaahahahahaa Wait, that's not really funny is it?
So my sister bought me a balloon for my birthday and at school it flew away :(
Being the way that you are is enough. <3
Of course, the tweepupational hazard
lmao xD you're the one that wants me. :o
All this talk about Cam and Andy reminds me of all the talk last year about Josh and Sam...so how are those 2 doing now?
yay! Can't wait...at least in Georgia I got a coffee mug. No tote bag??? Come on!
I say that every morning when I go to work... RT What was I thinking when I agreed to 3am wake-up time?
Thanks though
oh. well don't drink bleach unless you wanna die. and vinegar? I'll pass. have your ass stankin for years
is there a plan to give the redress of grievances to a particular Rep. or Senator?
I'm being 1057495029504% honest!
for it, it is of little value, "River" Marilyn delivers a line that sums this principle(Sherry Argov) perfectly. These are critical lessons
No one likes you stop talking.
Atl isnt the only city where ppl want to be entertainers. Thats how ppl get put on here so why wouldnt there be a lot striving for the same
I think fewer people pay attention to my twitter feed. I should fb less, or stop reporting all my activity.
Hah! RT : Law is just code written in a very free form, error prone, imprecise language. It's basically PHP really.
rain rain go away
Leaving a meeting office at 10:14 PM & getting home at 10:15 PM. Good women, good neighborhood, good night.
Church via web today.
Still in tallahassee.
no one can pull of the Saban's hair but Saban
i loved your video alex (; dm mee please. (;
that helps explain Piez's wish for comp. sci. help: speculating about programming primitives for range data?
about to see the final version of my video then meeting
#slcwebinar Make time to reflect on what you learn, synthesize and share.
“: Square Market sometime?” YES 100x yes.
Ch, I am being read in my mentions. Just now realizing I was naïve as hell.
Super Excited about The History of Rock and Roll Exhibit!!! We're gonna rock out with Wanda Jackson! Woman museum this Sat. Ponca City
No one has ever seen God; but if we love one another, God lives in us and his love is made complete in us. - 1 John 4:12
it wil only exist in the electronic realm as these are underpaintings for a series of surrealist pieces I love being able 2 scan
Polar Party coming soon! RT : Mystery solved: does have hot tubs, it says in their info.
I've seen that one already.
Hi this is ToriRoseee and I was wondering if you caller me during you Ustream??
but what I preach is what I walk as I speak it
Mummy I love you zoo much. This Sunday am I gonna show you how much I love you :3
Someone text me!!!!
Global Practice Support Analyst:
you're welcome!!
Alert: has crowned himself ULTIMATE guest-the people demand an on-air fight to the DEATH!
How long have I been comparing Quick to Richter? ok mom noticed it first but it was two years ago
..sending you your bands new ep...in 30 sec to your gmail. talk to me. I hope you like the hongs ep..its called delicate tremors!!
Love is so much better when you stop trying to look for it and you just let it come to you.❤
yes I'm working tomorrow! That would be awesome!
Batch and focus: group subjects/tasks together for better success and focus. Batch by their brain power.
#flo-rida ? Not my style , although #omero thinks very highly of him ,
Don't need to hear about it
Was nice meeting you the other night at Danny's Lounge, I'm sure we'll cross paths again but see you around.
I presume under your law that labor union officials are exempt, right? They can continue to make up stuff with impunity? Hm.
The last person you think about before you fall asleep, is the one who truly owns your heart. WOW WOW
I wanna get you hung up on someone that you use to know
MT : weird ingredients + (historical) credibility + creative spark = unexpected, unusual, inspiring outcome // You, too?
My cousin >
Thanks man, I was too embarrassed to ask what this was.
I can still recall my one bully thing: We pulled the kleenex out of our friend's bra next 2 the boys playground in 5th grade
And here I thought Jared was a testament to Subway's quality food. I guess you got proof to the contrary!
I know you want to watch the pacers tonight but can we please switch back to the voice? Eggs are done :) love you!
Let today be the day you realize the world doesn't revolve around you and take a look around ^_^
Oh, so you left Austin, but you came back after he released Say Somethin? Lol, no, we don't want you back.
whoa mandy almost got hit my a car
omg! i haven't seen a tweet from you in forever <3 good to know you're okay!
Yesterday was amazing. I hope today will be the same or maybe better.
it's because there's rumors going around that Niall is going to leave One Direction b/c he thinks the fans don't like him.
hello taco bell..How are YOU doin. ;P
Exactly! Number one lesson both b2 and b2c marketers can learn is that it is becoming a c2b world - focus on benefit -
What would be an ideal, but realistic, price for #SuperBowl tickets in your opinion? Tix are over $2k on
So my one & only proposal is that I gain the opportunity to meet & greet with you for my b-day; 🙏🙆
omgoodness!! thank you for that!! Where in the hell have I been!?
Wow! Sounds great!
Cool pic Carson!!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou nA I rather not be honest might hurt to much!
I wanna go to sleep 💤💤
Advisors will recognize , presenting in #Finovate Session 1 this morning. we should connect in the press room.
I think people have nothing better to do than stir the shit.
Vote for because student government is supposed to improve campus, not act as a playground for political ideologies.
Temptation is easy to follow because the tempter removes all fear of consequences.
Philbrick I agree. Loved all his books Nice too know he is also a good person.
Lmao,that's the testing requirements.
I hope that helped! :)
Just had
Is there a Senior Assembly today or not?-.-
I put the fun in dysfunctional :)
#luckylindy Lindbergh flies solo over the Atlantic in 33 hours. Lucky Lindy not so lucky. #LindberghLaw awarded by Hitler
And while the Thunder dismantle the Lakers....the Heat stuggle with the Pacers
I hope you're starting from the beginning, it will make a lot more sense. We really like that show, JJ Abrams is amazing.
just became a grave yard
#NLCATLANTA "The Best Way to predict your future is to create it" - Peter Drucker
oh well
Wow, thanks very much for the kind words!
Congratulations on the new job!
Maybe in another life. *sigh
wow, those photos are amazing....makes me want to buy plane tickets right now....
Switch to Sprint #FUATT RT : I used 4 GB of data last month on my unlimited data plan. I got throttled. I am the 5 percent. #AT&T
Love it! Piñatas do liven up any event.
Happy B-Day Sinn:)
Congratulations to Chiara Zalewski & Whitney Herrmann for booking a Music video shoot with Sony recording artist
Loving the girl talk at the hockey banquet with and
" Besides the looks ur cool as hell " :)
It takes great bravery to pursue something you want with passion. If you're dreaming it & going after your goal, you are ALREADY successful.
#FF Thanks for the RTs this week!
I'm in Chi-Town, but next time I'm out west would love to connect up! Have you connected w/ or ?
Wish i could go to the pirate game tonight😞 #stupidresearchpaper!
ok my bad I was confused smh
Sometimes I really wish Dottie liked her chariot! It's so nice out and I can't transport her to the dog park because she goes crazy.
had a great time!
Damn my fillin came out tooth hurtin bad as hell
Briggs & Stratton Introduces Two New Husqvarna Pressure Washers at Lowe&#39;s
In the process of editing my " It's meant to be " Music Video. Thanks Eric & Mitchie B <3 kellie
Mi Head Hurts
Follow - cooks, cleans, and provides more positive reinforcement than your wife and mine.
My friend with Sprint was receiving text msgs, but couldn't make a call. Coverage supposedly increased by 15x.
Q1 A: that a hard one both are great but I guess the ultrabook :-)
Hi! RT : Hi Leslie! RT : Chartreuse is my absolute favorite color -love to live with it and wear it!
I constantly tell myself ''I'm done'' but then I find myself trying again.
thanks for the re-tweet:)) hope u are well down undah
's Vic Johnson says "lipstick is optional" when advocating on the hill
Seriously? I had no idea!
nope studying for my exam tomorrow :(
is talking with Baltimore/DC/SATRAD PDs/APDs about PT gigs in . Let's meet online , www.mpvt123.com, Facebook or Twitter.
#gh so glad Ronnie is coming to an end. I hope I doesn't take long
email me at . I know a few. They work w kids but adults too I'm sure.
Yea the sun is finally out for the first time in a week ^^
Don't say things like that; it just makes you sound stupid. In fact, don't talk at all. It just makes you sound stupid.
who u talking about man ?
6'7 310 & 6'4 315 Still tea leaves to say the Colts aren't trying to get bigger? If we wanted zone guys, Hudson was there for us.
Nothing more comforting than an empty baggage carousel when you have no bag.
what?!? Where at?!
you are fat!!!
Hahaha, I so want to hear it.
Keep a positive attitude with everything you do, and you will soon discover how easy every day living really is.
Massive crew of all nighterers right now and a few others
Don't forget that today is Stamp Out Hunger! Help by joining the Letter Carriers’ 20th annual food drive—the largest one-day food drive...
Thank you for the mention!
Not everything has an answer… But every answer has a reason… It maybe hard to find the right reason… But sure as hell it ain't impossible…
ive been listening to #MISTLETOE all day its greatt
I think I might be falling for him... ❤
"Turn it Down" Kaskade is the sh*t
Some of these tweets make me laugh so hard haha anyways follow me people
Historical place in Buffalo...where I live -__-
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Monkey Banana Jam 4.54 / 5 Stars | 12 Reviews by keydancer "This simple jam is sure to be a family favorite for
hi if you ever have guest curators for (miami)?
Omg they censored peso on I heart radio . I kinda like it clean version
We change, we grow up, we fuck up, we love, we hurt, we're teenager, we still learning.
Check out for today's #FF ... I have tried many of their ingenious little tricks and love them! keep it coming
RT : Only do shit you believe in, period.
Singing and drumming w/Clare and the Reasons tonight. Rockwood 2 @ 9:30
melanie ill fork your lawn and put balogona on your car :)
Minneapolis u do it right. Girls wearing yoga pants!!!!!!
shit cooling how you r.o.d
Wet but Happy Friday! RT: Happy Friday!
I should have looked at the name of this opi color before getting it. I am in love.
My favorite DJ's will be tonight CAN'T WAIT!
Thanks. Believe me there were times when I thought it would never happen.
The secret to having it all is believing you already do
YES! Rochester Woman Magazine is great!
thanks, sorry I asked.
Little kids are adorable until they are throwing temper tantrums behind you in line at Whole Foods.
hey at least you did it. If ppl want it so bad they can hak it them selves. Good Job either way.
I rank it after The Wire and Deadwood, tied with Sopranos, for best shows of all time. Homicide, Mad Men, Seinfeld, GoT also in the mix.
Florida's offense is miserable. Scoring coming from special teams.
#FF at in Kittery Maine, Saturday Night! #Letter Box
a used bike is probably best! You can email me if you want or check out she has a great post on this!
I'm noticing a # of new orgs/committees in the Anglo-C'bean abt lit. culture. But academics r glaringly absent or minimal. Let's discuss.
I agree. Love your version of Jolene! RT NEVER cover Dolly Parton. EVER. Unless you're
Thanks! I'll check in with our gardener, Cathy, and report back with what is currently in bloom.
I found Raiders. It's gonna be okay.
Thanks your videos saved me!!!
Still feeling last night.
#whosgonnalose - Houston at St. Louis - St. Louis will lose
Yup, that was me! Best day EVER!
You keep fuckin pushing it bitch.
it's Tessa, go to my page and RT what I just tweeted :) you'll understand when you see it <3
who me
A great deal has been said about pooling health insurance. What I hope to see is putting into practice a cooperative insurance plan. [1943]
RT : Woohoo! Oh, I mean, too bad. Get well soon. Like Monday. DeAngelo Williams questionable after missing practice
RT Spanish play "Las Quiero a las Dos" opens at the James L.Knight Center. With Luis Jose Santander & Scarlet Ortiz
welcome to my mornings. Snooze x10 every morning. Should be a championship competition somewhere. I'd do well
backlash this afternoon... don't forget to watch :-)
Congratulations to J-Mychal Reese on his commitment to Texas A&M!
foreal right lol how old are u?
I'm so excited for today's Roger Neal Style Beauty & Couture Suite! See you at L'Hermitage Hotel in Beverly Hills.
we just sent a link to the new album as well as our EPK via the contact form on your site. thanks guys, enjoy :)
I'm really tempted to stay there :)
We offer email support to our merchants from 9am-6pm Pacific, Monday-Friday. We just replied to your support email!
RIght now, I live in LA
slept through all my classes today cause I was up all night freaking out over #BoyzGoCupid. and i regret nothing
So excited for all of my friends' successes! I walk with ARTISTIC WARRIORS!!!
sure thing :)
AND I GOT 3 PIC WIT HER FOH PUMA CAT!!!!
Today's Lunch Feature: Spicy BBQ Pulled Pork Melt w/ smoked cheddar Soups: Roasted Butternut Squash
Remember we are giving away two tickets to a lucky follower on February 14th. 5 days before the big show
i learned the value of life through a incident with my friend....
Ugh I am so sick of my leg hurting... Seriously... just cut it off already haha!
#roddick learn how to control your emotions!
doing good and we missed u too girl we use to have fun time with you and I really dont know inshallah this summer hopefully
"#College life can be dangerous. It shouldn’t be, but it can be." ~ #Security on #Campus 2011
Retweet if u think ur awesome
Whoever's red car has been in our driveway all week needs to come get it
we hope it's extremely easy and as said, you can keep maps and data private to you or a group
An end in deed is an end in need!
« « of course you lost contact with him. that's what happens when you take 2 months to arrest a motherfucker for murder.»»
Happy birthday hope you have a great day!:) <3 tonight get crazy girly;)
bol not real enough punk ass lol just playing
RT : I wanna say a little something thats long over due, the disrespect to women has got to be thru
Our next event, hosted by , is 1/17, 5:30 p.m. Great night of networking! To RSVP, email
She's a freak and a lady.
Explore art and the Visual Arts Center on your bike! Join Mellow Johnny's Bike Shop for a biking tour of Austin's Museums on November 12th.
Greatness ! Packers , U, & , D. Drive , DWTS
Hi We don't at the moment, but stay tuned - they may open up. Thanks for your interest!
#Songwriters are the gas to the #recording artists' #car. Where would we be without good
Forgot how fun it is to hang out at the pool. Thx for the motivation #museumsport!
Gov. Walker talks about importance of state credits and tax policy to grow #WIDairy sector in state.
Name your favorite style of dance....Go!
omfggg yes please!;D
Hello neighbor! Thanks for following us! Thanks for stopping by the other day. Come back for a more personalized tour!
Back to school, back to school...to prove to dad that i'm not a fool.
Hope something from my past don't mess with my future... Ugghhh
awe thanks, is your wife feeling better?
Might do. A good friend is at the Historisches Kolleg this year.
#Nuts: #Sunflower seeds are a great source of energy and provide #potassium, #magnesium, #folic acid, #fatty-acids and
AH twitter, i miss you! but i miss and my koaladancebots the most! how are yall doing?
as if anyone cares about you RT : June babies, stand up.
The only time it's okay to take a shopping cart out of a parking lot is if you're unfortunately homeless.
According to , bit of a glove fiasco regarding patent leather on thumb Canelo and Mayweather's Grant gloves
how about a trade for Rondo?
ok dope, what'd you wanna do?
TEXT ME BACK.
you all know i'm just counting down the hours until the #shameless season finale
I want the "DAMN! You guys are still together?" kind of relationship.
Yes indeed! *preemptively buys stock in Jack Daniels*
Like Splinter in TMNT, a swoll rat
either that or tebow will lead a 4th quarter comeback
Is there an achievement gap in your community? What % of your kindergarteners start school ready to learn?
#yum is right!! It's good with strawberries too! RT : Salted caramel with dark chocolate crisps
did you follow me on tumblr yet?
r u being sarcastic? O.o
Question: why do I have to be 'friends' with everybody, everywhere- pinterest, 4square, fb, yelp, instagrmm
Nice, slide! Shouldn't Leeland get the Girardi treatment for questioning calls & get tossed?
BUT it is def necessary ;)
Im still going to do it but my approach is going to be different so the outcome can be something i can live with
That moment when you realize you are nothing to your everything.
Today choose to triumph.
Ed thanks 4 being there 4 #WI since the beginning. There's no other coverage of this election...you're a stand-up guy!
Is it my imagination or are the British royals shrinking and getting even whiter?
show your personality to connect with your audience on #twitter #USC #Writers conference
like a brother O_O
The early networker catches the worm, and gives him a precise ttl
There's plenty you can do to help manage or prevent type 2 diabetes in children.
what can you do theyre my parents
adam and christina got pretty heated in the finale of
Power is back! Well handled #mitenergyconf team RT : Sorry about the power outage problems. Working to resolve ASAP!
Sent an email just now. Hopefully someone will follow up. Thanks!
Capitalism is a failing concept with plenty of unwilling slaves ..
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it. - Knute Rockne
Pretty sure YOU'RE not ready for Vegas ;) RT Hahhaa Vegas ain't ready for us!
#HappySweet16Austy <333 much love from me to you babe (:
when one finds a bag of gummy airplanes on one's desk first thing in the AM, does one eat them?
twitter and facebook not blocked at school anymore, lol
thank you for two amazing gifts so far!
yahoo! I'll take that as a doctor's orders type thing.
Save yourself, hey...Before self destruct
RT : If you won the #MegaMillions, which restaurant would you dine at to celebrate?
Bottom line: where possible, interpret Const to be consistent w/treaty obligations. But no power to displace Const or . . .
RT : Just donated: ONE BAJILLION brand new beautiful cookbooks!
Time to end the day How many dials did you do manually? I bet not as much as you would if you were using Contact us 866.460.6611
Great start to #NeXus tonight with Looking forward to bring the same level of success to #ConnectGens mentoring program.
At my grandaddy house
Feeling sick and I have prom tomorrow 😷
Waking up at 5 study for 2 hours test then SLEEP
it was fucking good. I very much enjoyed it.
Thx to the boys in for the follow!!
you guys are doing a beer tasting? Date and time?
so I asked the dealer "does this car model also come in a Depeche Mode"
is a freaking stud to get up after that.
What the heck is "fried cheese"?!
you know what I have to say that.
I am tweeting this because I just looked at how many tweets I have sent and it was #666. #truestory. So what. Now it's 667.
we should do gasbalr thing tomorrow with mago!
Honey Granola with vanilla organic yogurt and a cup of Metropolis coffee.
The word of? Those are two words I teach 1st graders to spell & they are both pretty awful when comparing sound to spelling.
Looking for 1 bedroom apartments in or around Santa Monica, CA. If anyone has some great resources I could use them!!
headed your way!!! :D so excited!
SHOUT OUT TO SMWW, IM SIGNING UP
did turn you into one?
Nice job Giants! What did you think about the game and halftime show?
hahahaha well that works out bc i am too
It's definitely throw 'em in the deep end for me, but also be ready to steer toward resources as students identify the need.
#YouCuteAndAllBut only when your mouth is closed. Don't speak.
At the crib by default
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers out there blessed with Gods little angels to raise protect & love! God Bless Mothers!
it was a long one as you can see by my lack of tweets
he is. He should ignore the haters
Absolutely! Love your stuff!
House selling is a lot like love at first sight. Sellers dont get a second chance for a great first impression.
GO ABP!!! Keep running!!! We are working it!!
In 2011, the addy judges came to Rochester. No tall midgets this year. The work was "shockingly good"
RT : Without a plan for the future, a person will always return to their past. -- AR Bernard
lol Im not any of these denominations but AG is usually legit.& 1 of my fav speakers is speaking. & its in Dallas
wait you gotta do it on the computer though
Bryce Harper came through, and I already know Hamilton is gonna pull through #biggesttearever !!
Man, there'd be big money if we could do a combo martini, coffee and cupcake delivery service. It'd be in demand at all hours.
Shower time(:
This! --> RT: I want a tattoo with a panda holding glocks
me too!
what a day! I did love all the Whitney music I've been hearing on the radio today. That's we should do, celebrate her music, her legacy...
And, I think I was the only one in the fray with any legitimate "elite" college experience ... which explains why I got slammed.
Waylon Thanks for following!
#GrandpaFred Any way they indicated the parents are supposed to learn...You're not tying any knots r u? What is Zakary doing?
After a busy day at work grab a cold 1
wat up y'all went home already
Looks like our plans are slowly fading away... wtf!
I'm good Empress, glad to have connected to you here love:) How are you Lady Ba'al??
God bless
Great one - I had "Still" on the iTunes shuffle earlier today. My beagle was howling along
s/o to my new follower she so sexy FWM
Yes! MT : Where I'm from, there were a lot of old folks who were not living in abject poverty thanks 2
Love to see Logan so happy! Race season here we come!!!
“: I was about to wish you a productive week, but I see that you're here.” WRONG, I'm not here.
Help us boost our fan base. Tell all your friends to follow us and they too will get updates on our free promo's
obviously it'd be so much better to debate whether tebow is in the top 100 or 200!
yo my broda I got u it might even be something better! How have you been?
I hear that! They CANNOT lose this game or else the season is in jeopardy!
My neighbor told me today that she liked my deck. I would have complemented her deck but she doesn't have one.
you're welcome :)
30% OFF EVERYTHING today only! FREE wine an cupcakes from 1-2pm today!
- I don't think so, I would have remembered that for sure =/ Sorry, you just lobbed that one over the plate... haha! ;-)
O now u wanna talk out the side a Yo neck like I wont kum over there n comb ya head fa ya
but she needs to stfu right lol
Just sent a small sample of my work to / I'll light my candle now!
Yeah, I wondered about the impact on free TV news sites. Surely paywall strategy took that into account?
he's not going to do SHIT !! i'll beat that ass
Happy #Australia Day
Omfg. I'm laying in bed just laughing while watching she's the man... At 3:30.
And you also passed GO! #Collect$200 #BeautyContestNext?
Gas price shock. Looking at my gas receipts. November 28, 2011 I paid $3.38/gal. Now it's $4.15/gal. Crazy.
Ohkay, so i'm really liking this new guy i'm talking to, & he speaks Spanish (: which is a total plus .
Surprised at the flags hanging outside the in NYC.
Hi Colette! Thanks for following. Would you like to meet for coffee? I would like to hear about MS, Without My Consent, dogs.
Some people take coffee breaks. I take Pinterest breaks.
Yeah also I don't think they're paying anymore!
love your athletic line, it was at a trunk show #ATL last week! So cute, slimming &comfy perfect for #CoreFusion!
Going to #ABCA Anaheim? Stop by PBI booth 405 & demo our website for baseball academies. Increase your bottom line by using PBI!
Not even strippers, just the first fine white girl I see.
If my room is clean, it means that my internet is not working.
I love it when you crazy just for me though ;)
"I really want to do the job that the OS already does for me!" == anyone who writes a web 1.0 app using async code
Varitek to #RedSoxNation: "The best fans in baseball. Thank you for making this the most special place to play."
Honored to be mentioned in this company! Tx, Jen!
thought he just complained bout celebrating, nigga better not be shaking hands till its over
Awesome. MT : undrafted FA story: '03 scout in room yelled "Any1 want to sign this kid Tony Romo? He's from Wisconsin." Crickets.
I have noticed has accumulated a lot of flair.
No subject is off limits to a joke, it's just a question of whether the joke is well-told or not. How about jokes about rapists?
Dear Mama, ur a pain in my butt,irritatin,annoyin,evil,crazy,weird, um....where was I goin wit dis?? Oh yea!!! But I will ALWAYS love ya!!!
In Music Meeting- Alice in Chains “Lessons Learned” this is what an Alice in Chains song is supposed to be – much better follow up
We appreciate the follow, Susan.
same to you ! Where u from?
Y'all called me and left me a voicemail sounding lost as hell. Lmao
I hate the idea of college football playoffs - 4 teams isn't bad, but it's only a matter of time before people try to expand it
It's the middle of September and I'm already starting to watch Christmas movies xD <3
FREE Desktop Wallpaper Calendar – May 2012 « Aspiring Images ...
your closing scene in tonight's episode, with playing, was perfect.
I got my Proverbs 31 lady and I thank God EVERYDAY for her!
somehow i was unfollowed from your twitter feed. problem remedied. seriously don't know what just happened!
8 game win streak. Spurs looking good right now!
I hope its on that hunk of shit your driving around....lol. Running out pf time!
even though I see you sometimes I just don't feel like saying hi
We haven't been here before, so we're excited to try it. Glad to hear you like it!
Did I get Twitter hacked or is this b.s.?
Tan: her project about interaction b/w traditional & new media activism and its transmedia dimension in Cantonese new media activism
omg guess what! Guess what! Guess what! Haha. I will tweet you guess what until you reply! (:
Happy 4th of July
APD looking for missing couple from Colorado. Not that we can actually do anything to find them, but saying that we are makes us look good.
That, my friend, is a taco in a shell made from nacho cheese Doritos.
Hello to Now, because of your polling on names, I want to call you Sarah Grace.
because our elected officials do not have the stomach for that!
we can talk send me your artist info. etc.
DC weekend begins! Can't wait to see my Lmode.
RT It has often been noted that the spider web implies that there are sequences of the fly's own code in the spider's code.
“: Hey have u err had a conversation with ur self on twitter?”-- I don't even know what that means?!?!
crocs are a better form of birth control than birth control
My new place is almost done can't wait.
last eight games.<--- 4 & 4 is that optimistic?
I hate Ham, Turkey is disgusting, stuffing is just soggy baked bread....all I ate was some macaroni and a piece of. Garlic bread.
Not a bad idea if u want the entire world to see ur client's images & ur own work product in the
Blogger Tina Bowling of was chosen by AVEENO as their ACTIVE NATURAL AMBASSADOR, a HUGE HONOR. Congrats times 1000!!!!!
Get your Mid Week Salsa fix at Lalo's UIC Tropical Wednesday. Salsa the way it was meant to be! Music by DJ Double O. www.onqnites.com
That's why you're "Da man"!!!! Skip take notes
It's Kevin Smith: Burn in Hell and it's on Netflix streaming. Totally recommend it. It makes me wanna hug him
How you make me laugh, how you make me smile, as I casually examine your ass, I like your style..... Check out my book 'A Cross to Bear'
Thanks for sharing. Beautiful but sad and all to common story.
drive home safely
How about the crowd-pleasing Ghostbusters? Heading into October...
Food Fact: Fortune cookies were invented in 1916 by George Jung, a Los Angeles noodle maker.
Indeed -->"Self-assurance reassures others." | Garry Willis
Booty Call in the hospital *insider*
'Stick it' is on and I wish i had the main girls body!
Everybody used to be careful about what they posted, now everybody is wreckless af. I hope it doesn't bite us in the ass.
ha you look different how are you ??
A successful relationship is just falling in love with the same person, over and over.
ok ;)! But u don't need an iPhone -- we have a web and android app as well! Let's chat
Walk-through complete. Countdown to moving begins. Lots to do!
My Mom would try to scare me And scare herself instead LOL
Tomorrow=1 word, NBA PLAYOFFS. Ok that's 2 works...really it's 4. 1 word and an acronym? I dk wth I be talking bout sometimes
Dates uninterested in going to another bar rule. Well, that took long enough to figure out. Sheesh. Milwaukee Summer.
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver. -Mahatma Gandhi
Currently skeet shooting. I am currently very good at it.
I've once again proved that I am incapable of making a grilled cheese sandwich. Who has a good recipe?
heck yes, you down? ;)
lol you're cute.
couldn't agree more :)
hey. How often is the open mic mondays
Why do these young artist think it's so easy to blow up off of one single and no hard work?
Halloween is a month long event at my house...
Thx! bringing it to life a world created on a page (acting) is great fun, especially with 's brilliant writing
At a black history month concert waiting to hear my daughter's choir.
Happy mothers day to a couple awesome mommies
thanks I will!
": - this is TWITTER , not a place to put your relationship issues . . -_-"
No idea. Mystifying. Hopefully we get to read it sometime.
I haven't felt like this since Kurt Cobain died.
Lol we are doing it for a sh*t load of money, wow wow wow!!!!
You know, I've been meaning to. Maybe this year is the year.
Bum day
Needles and Pins by Deftones
Going BBQin' with the love <3 and the family(:
Bummer last show is today on Great memories man!
mending costumes and patching a sleeping bag for our car-mageddon camping trip next weekend...
In honor of the warm weather: #spring cleaning
All my NJ Nets memories revolve around and 's LOL
RT : Thanks for checking out our blog - you found an oldie, but goodie. It is an excellent blog, great...
Good am. RT
Demi Lovato and Justin Bieber working together? YES! MY TWO FAVORITE PEOPLE!
Stepping in now to the Colorado Springs Chamber (and EDC!) lunch. Topic: "Chaos, Catfights & Confusion in DC."
>> Thanks for visiting #BkSq today. Looking forward to partnering with you!
Reasons I learned to direct: A short I wrote (shot by someone else) had sound effects added after lines, seriously.
You killed my father. Prepare to die.
I'm completely lost...
Well, ok. I do love me some Scruffles.
Can you guys please put "I'm Not A Gangsta" by on rotation!? That song is the bomb.com!
I knew friday would eventually come. I feel like we need to adjust our calendar to cycle about friday. moon phases? pffffffft. friday ftw.
How To Download Videos From YouTube, DailyMotion, Vimeo And More | TheTechJournal...
I hate how long it takes for my phone to charge....
What's up, man -- We're a long way from -- my first #sxsw ever -- how about you?
remember playing warped tour in milwaukee like 3 or 4 years ago when you were first starting to do shows?! :] i was there!
Any #mahomies,#acons,Psanderetts going to go c , , and on Saturday night I am :)
Summer Storms >>>
i do! add me up. alan.reitman
Can't believe Blink not only isn't plain Bamboozle, but isn't even rescheduling the Boston date as of now.
i saw both SAMIAM and ARCHERS OF LOAF this weekend. partying like it's 1999, y'all.
Id Aint Bout Where You 4rm But Where You Headed Doe..
Walt Bodine isn't exactly a sports fan but he puts on his game face for an interview with author/reporter Blair Kirkhoff. On live.
Opportunities can be manufactured. You don't have to wait for circumstances to come together.
Keep dreaming Marie ..♥
I still gotta say what did I do.... Smh!!!!
So incredibly thankful.
I cant sleep!!! Grrrr >:(
haha , you saw me?
Home early. THANK YOU EARLY IB EXAM DAYS! :D
They say it’s the little things in life that matter most, but you’re a big part of me, and you matter the most
Eatin A Fun Dip
thats whas up...but i got a new twitter so follow me :)
not as sad as when all of the independent video stores closed because of Blockbuster...
both.. neither support ICS yet. My phone has ICS.
nothing really just a Tuesday. Wbu?
🎧 Listening to Porcelain Raft - Strange Weekend
Sorry I don't share that twitter is fine.
I've been overwhelmed by the response to our Christmas Big Band/Praise Band, Christmas Brass and Christmas Orchestra music. THANK YOU!
Hate it when the cleaning lady gets cheeky like that
Reading Jung's Map of the Soul: An Introduction. A very user-friendly introduction to Carl Jung's view of our inner landscape. Mind blowing!
sleeping with no blanket tonight.. YAY! no.
Congrats on the new Taylor Street digs! Let me know when you open and I'm THERE! Dan from in
Lol @ people who think i rub things in their face everyday, when i donntttt. You said u knew it was a joke, so dont take it offensively.(:
I know the whole album is great. If you ever have a chance to see her live defiantly do it.
Peep us in today's LA Times under Charles McNulty's Best Theatre of 2011
I know!! I'm determined to break it on Saturday! I'm glad you had fun! I can't wait to hear all about it :)
No shit. I drove to Austin in 2007 and pulled off the road at 3am into an entire town made up of nothing but abandoned shacks.
hop back on
Stock market: we're currently bullish on ARMH, DVN, SINA, and GOOG
I don't have a notification from you...at al...LOL.
All I want is bubble tea! If anyone knows where I can get that let me know!!
If I'm there, sure!
So thankful for my tru friends that have stood by me thru all of this... i am blessed to have you
One of my former players texted me after his first two college practices... Means alot
RT : Filling the new #iPad, #Kindle, #Nook or eReader with all 5 issues of Grit City makes a great #Christmas gift!...
Anyone wanna come with me to the mall /: just for alittle bit/:
#brewers scheduled to start Marco Erstrada tomorrow instead of Wily Peralta. Is every organization this stupid or is it just the brewers?!
happy to know I'm not the only newbie ;-)
urghh i knw those kinda of bitches. Seriously have nothing to do probably thats why she brings ppl down.
we never gossip I don't know what you're talking about:)
They were fighting 2nite on the ice, stars pull it off in a shootout
FU New Mexico Spring winds.
Great day on set for Universal now traveling to South Carolina BOOKED!!!
Elway: We don't feel as bad about our DT's as everyone else.
#fatindiebands Every Time I Diet
Okay ... so i accidentally retweeted because Trisha's post made me laugh as I reading it. Was exactly what I was thinking ...
i've heard good things about it. owen wilson plays the laid-back cali slacker to woody allen's neurotic ny jew.
working at buzzs.
i don't think so...thanks you to
Well, we don't have it in yet, but I'll find out from our supplier and get back to you ASAP.
from your postgame notes, I'm a little confused why the rays win meant a 3rd seed for the rangers?
-> love this gal
Consider for
what are the chances of filming an episode of #Mobbed in #Tampa, Florida?
does subway taste the same in Texas?
I'm still proud to be a giants fan! Bad game but use it as motivation for the next 2 weeks!
Spangenberg goes deep!
RIP Donna Summer :(
Leadership is taking accountability before problems occur, not just blame afterwards.
so tru most underrated rapper ever.
ugh!!!!! Love zoofari!
....THINK and SPEAK POSITIVELY ABOUT YOURSELF! ;-)
May your sails always be full and may you find success in all the things that are important to you. Happy Happy Birthday!!!
follow me on twitter, miss a.
Just saw a hawk fly off carrying a rat near the DC Council bldg. I feel t
jus had da longest three days ever
What's that new Justin Bieber song called?
Home, sweet home.
maybe you could show it in the members club simetime, I'm sure a lot if people would come to it
the "yoke of bondage" in Galatians 5:1 is NOT sin. it is the LAW (context from 4:21-4:31) The ppl weren't relying on the Grace of God (2:21)
Oh my god, r u serious 3 run hr ?
Don't leave me high. Don't leave me dry.
I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed
Museums + Social Media + Audience x Interactions + Engagement = Museum Community
everywhere that I go/ ain't the same as befo/ people I used to know/ just don't know me no mo
Driving to schoolio ^.^
Sitting in the office talking to Mrs. Salow and Mrs. White because I don't want to go to the awards.
I love Cupcake Wars!!!!
i can't now... lol
*fingers crossed*
he did!!
do you have a link to the photo or vid?
Following Chazz. Thanks Dom, have a Happy Easter. I've started it off boiling crawfish all day.
in which field?
Fitness revolution coming to Downtown, and EA! We welcome Paul to the building- running groups, fitness, and health! yes!
ya well the wings didnt even make the playoffs so pretty sure pens are better
I think you may be too far behind to catch up but who knows
We welcome our new followers on this fabulous sunny Tuesday afternoon - , &
that's the point if u know what I mean ;)
get ready for these last two games, it's time to make history big man
i know man! I'm happy for you!
13 Days till Spring Ball!
2 months again... We gotta make it past 3 thats the longest we went out b4 (we should try forever)
Did you make that?! You are AWESOMELY INSANE!
Yes that but also watching a team in the playoffs
Buying a pumpkin + Helping fight cancer =
no Robbie. Just no
oh it is
Next time you're at Paul Michael's The Network be sure to check in on Foursquare. We've got a special running all month!
#teamfollowback I need one more follower- Love,
uh yeah i think its possible...
I need to be on all 500 shows fam!!!
I like what you do! <3
I wish my friends weren't such scaredy cats and liked scary movies!! It's Friday the 13th, I wanna see the cabin!!!!!!!!!
we are about 50 miles from columbus. Garmin says we'll be home at about 1am.
"Ideas are easy. It's the execution of ideas that really separates the sheep from the goats." Sue Grafton, born on this day in 1940.
I'm pretty sure %50 of your tweets are about Tebow.
Running on two coffees, two mountain dews, a few value bean burritos and adrenaline.
Secret Society
I like making friends all over the world.
That moment when you're about to start a half marathon and realize you REALLY have to pee.
fave documentary ever ... "bill cunningham new york" ... a MUST SEE!
you've made your pint quite clear. I agree.
For you, I'll prepare. And "toddler"… just wait until you see her.
Hey Matt! I hope you're doing well since I haven't seen you on a while. Have a great summer!
Everybody go add my nigga $tken_lil chub
congrats! Got an idea or two - let's talk
I understand your partial to the Bruins but the way you defended Ference on the hit was despicable.
smh and I was just about to call you.
okay bye going to the hospital
hey Tom! Glad you could join me!
Wow that's two hours I can never get back
ill see you tonight (:
#Free drink on me when u retweet this! Thursday night! at Nickleby's Lounge (1947 W. Market)
Glad it made it & cannot wait! :-)
A6: There is no sure fire way...varies by how companies use it, your job strategy, etc.
Of course, it could also be gas. :P
where are you headed?
lol but in a year y'all will be gone. :/
totally get it. We live in fab rowhome in MH. Always loved that building tho. Hard 2 give up what we got. Thx 4 showing ur hm. ;)
Everyone needs to follow ! She is #TeamFollowBack #having fun
oh and Eric spoelstra? Hope he gets eaten by a rabid dog. His mahalu looking ass. Needs to go back to the damn A/V room
G'mornin tweet peeps have a beautiful and safe weekend!
Can u feel it??
DONE! Can't believe my undergraduate career is over!!
#Iwish I could attend the last softball home game tonight ... /:
Cave in
good point, "You may reach 400 ppl by social media, but do you 'really' reach them?"
Going through old boxes... I wish there were some other resting place besides the incinerator for all these undeveloped rolls of 120 film.
Surely MTV’s new series, “Jersey Shore,” must have some redeeming value, mustn’t it? Yes, it must.
RT : Happy Birthday ! have a good one (TY 3-2 -- its been a minute...have a good weekend! Work hard...)
Dinosaur Train is the best retconning ever written and performed. What kind of shit does paleontologist catch from peers?
#30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile - Compliments are a MUST!!!
“ Difficulties exist to be surmounted. ” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Is it just me, or does Jonny Depp always look like Captain Jack Sparrow?
the tracking will be to wherever you are shipping, regardless of billing address
#IGetJealousOf all the Korean, Chinese, and Japanese Monsters who seen the Born This Way Ball
Uh oh. We'll drop another one in the mail today. Soggy posters are the worst.
FOLLOW ME BACK
a gentlemen, you are of many talents!
he also wears shirts with no sleeves and drinks beer from a cooler while sitting in a lawn chair in the driveway.
Thinking about canceling my subscription because of the broken spacebar
Just woke up...... & DON'T WANT TO GO TO SCHOOL ! #GleeTonight <3 <3 <3
Time is winding down for Strike Out Hunger Bowl-A-Thon. Call and get your team or yourself registered to have some fun!!
Clean up my house
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 77
Mann im going too sleep, Fuck Yall !!
I wish you would rt me some time(;
It's #MonsterMonday. Get your #SWOL on!
Apologies in order to Blas Perez goal was gray area enough that FIFA's intervention was sought. Goal should've been annulled.
Be always at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let each new year find you a better man.
I love twitter because of people like you. I knew they caught on fire...but this article is eye opening.
The Wanted are on American Idol right now singing "I'm Glad you came!!" LOVE This song!!
Flames*, not waves*. Not sure how I screwed that one up.
Every time I touch more than 5 bus/metro handle bars I wish there were pools of Purell I could jump into.
Playing tonight at the Tower Bar (sunset towers), in duo, 7:30-11:30.
Will come to and see how I deal with the end of the world.
Sending off a custom order- earrings made to match a smashing vintage dress.
Life is too short to worry about haters. They don't deserve to be an issue in your life. Think about the people who love and support you.
Flavor, or maybe Fragrance, Favor, Flower and Friend
Holly is furiously typing away next to me. They sound like they'll be good notes.
Just witnessed my first inner-office fight. It was awesome.
Just call him "Clutch" Durant baby. OKC!!!!!
The Philadelphia Fight For Air Climb is over until next year, but Fundraising is still ongoing until June 30th. So far, $142,704.36 raised.
haha OMG THEY DID ONE DIRECTION
You all know the ones that should be paying more TAXES. Buffett rule or not the wealthy should pay more
ON THIS DAY..1901: T. Roosevelt, then Vice President, said "Speak softly and carry a big stick" in speech at the
don't talk to me like that. You aren't on the
InDesign is trying to defeat me. I'm too stubborn to fail. TAKE THAT MASTER. WHO CONTROLS THE PAGES NOW?!
Success! Two Springsteen tix!
Oh G's
get a brain in anyone in that organization of yours. KYLE ORTON BLOWS
Anne Spencer Morrow Lindbergh~ One cannot collect all the beautiful shells on the beach.
Word on the street: TONIGHT only from 9-10PM Rodney Mart is selling UDCreamery pints buy one get one 1/2 off!
Amazing Night KDA Dancers! You all shined like the stars you are... Love you so much!!!
It's crazy when U got a music video & thousands of people telling you they love u're album but records sells don't reflect it! End Piracy
your "new" pizza tastes way too much like - I don't like it! Major #Fail to have better specials in store than online!
I'm bout slap tf out of marquitta dumb ass
whoop! thx for checking us out guys!
This morning..
Just saw the female Joe Paterno
Love Twitter for dunk tweets: the absolute venue for breaking live sport reaction
Stop by the counter tomorrow and during Blue Friday for an awesome chance to show your support to our hometown Colts! Believe In Blue!!!
Jubal Early from the Firefly series finale was like Boba Fett meets David Bowman, dialogue by Quentin Tarantino.
damn. Protest is awesome!
BREAKING: Claude Giroux given a 1-game suspension by the NHL for a hit on Dainius Zubrus during 2nd period of last night’s game.
Aw, thanks! RT : The asparagus quiche was awesome. Delish flaky crust!
Awww.....thank you so much!
this time I went for the "Thomas Johnson" (catfish and waffles). Absolutely delicious!
that's me:)))))) hahahahahahahahahaha ah man I miss grandma I shall visit her very soon
Good luck at #RelayForLife tomorrow and thank you for your support!
Special s/o to all the mothers who made beautiful girls 😁😌
thanks for the retweet Sarah ~ nice to meet you.
Oh no! :( " I forgot to remind u guys on thanksgiving that it was my bday! Now what"
Pleased we've had two dozen public submissions to + several inquiries to partner with courses next year.
Happy coincidence indeed! We <3 us some ! /cc
Thanks, you too!
*smiles* but he's always been a good guy, as long as I've known him. I know he was diff before but he's eonderful
Did my first live interview with about holiday travel. It's good to see the Home Team!
Get your Tebow Tees for college and pro football season! www.tebowtees.com
Enjoying Rebecca Stead's "when you reach me"
Outside court. Verdict reached for William Balfour accused of killing Jennifer Hudson's family.
Thanks Peter for following me!
Dont get sassy now!
we're set for next wed! I'll follow up shortly :)
because the IRS doesn't have our application yet.. soon... it will all be ok... soon...
It had been really jampacked on McD!!
YOU'RE PLAYING MISSOURI STATE?!?!
Saw the CJ Wilson racing truck in front of Itz in Euless, nice! How many toys does it hold?
Husband leaves for VA in about 20 minutes. Class all day after that.
akin to jawbreaker, greenday, Samiam, and J Church. You bay area punk back in 1993.
Hiya Todd
I shouldn't watch these things! Now I'm just fuming. Pure insanity!!
Walk 2 work hazard: all them UWS yummy mummy sharp biceps on crowded sidewalks - hear Ralphie's mom intone "You'll shoot your eye out, kid!"
Want to observe the 2nd anniversary of Ike? Buy HIWI:Ike at Bliss on 19th in the Heights for $14.99 and hunker down!
When did Greece Ridge Mall turn into Irondequoit Mall?
Dirk Hayhurst....not Dick....
What are the odds that I will actually wake up when my alarm goes off to do a morning walk on the treadmill?
also hated it. Boomer solipsistic wankery. Offensive on so many levels.
We're feeling inspired today! Send us your inspirational pet stories and we'll RT the best ones to our followers!
Just finished up my live performance and interview for the taping of a tv show performing my new single "You Saved Me". God is good!
Have ur players hit a conditioning pleateau?With the game-season here, make sure to monitor diet-Mandatory breakfast, lots of oatmeal & eggs
haha. I would watch Ghandi's Kitchen on the Food Network. "Great Advice: For Your Appetite, and Your Soul." hahaha
My brother needs to hurry up i wanna go home -.-
Thank you for the follow, and right back at you!
I can bring you some hot soup :(
#IFA just opened and the crowds streaming in. #Dell booth buzzing. Come see us at hall 13
well how can we get to know each other if u keep pushing away we dont have to txt but the least u can do is reply,chat, watever
someone should turn this AC down! My feet are FREEZING!!!
So far I'm loving #iTunes Match. Now I just need more #iOS devices to really take advantage of it. Maybe I should get an #iPad soon..
Thank you! I am glad you are enjoying the story of these heroes of civilization.
Wow, I'm honored to be a goal!!
forever listening to
I want in on this!
Always improving like Lowes!
the thing u don't see ppl tweeting pics of their view from their houses by at hotels they do I personally feel like it more
care to explain your last tweet?
Sitting at a coffee shop waiting for a potential new client. They are late about over 10 minutes now. How much longer do I wait here?
I'm just going to sleep this grumpy mood off.
It's all about his AA base...
Who woulda thunk that Collmenter and Saunders would out-pitch Marcum and Wolf? Not good. Huge advantage, lost.
Last day to join North Carolina Real Estate Lawyers before it becomes an "Open Group". You should click here:
I saw the Avengers Yesterday and its along with the Wolfman, Bionicle 1,2, and 3 as one of my favorite movies.
We're glad you joined us! Come back for some more events this week!
You might be from #Atl if you walk around with coupons from your #cfa calendar because there's a Chick-Fil-A on every exit on I-75.
This Sunday the International Chamber Artists will be here performing in our lobby. We hope to see you there!
go panthers !
Nice! Happy Monday
thats what i said.
in my crib yes
The North Korea / China relationship reminds me of a tale of two neighbors.
In theory I have that. In reality I can't get past the cranky. I know it's me and not them. I think that makes it worse.
I really love Tim Hortons Cappuccino! :D
Great, I got to class early. -_- I should be sleeping these extra minutes. -_- lol
The lakers getting man-handled by pne of the youngest team in the #NBA,
Hey, this is a great example of using a hashtag
Fleet Foxes + Pandora
Hey Its St. Patrick's Day. There's Some Irish In My Blood. (;
You are the most BEAUTIFUL thing I keep inside my HEART. :) el burado :(
Seen were Anaheim turned Pujols into Boojols last night. Good luck with that 250 million dollar contract!
lol Austin what's up with ur hair? <3
#Brewers on any of the major networks today? Caught them on wgn last night - yay!
Maken love with someone you really care about an love is the best feeling in the world<3
Follow Regal on Twitter at
Blow that money like a candle....
If you people heard the things Flyers fans were saying after the Pens lost (I live near Philly) I say say whatever you want, they deserve it
aww thanks boo.. Its 30 inches
Looking for connections on Twitter... Recommendations?
yay we now have 3 people on our fit team including me who else is signing up!!
sofas $ 595- HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Ooh... I have to witness that live sometime.
Boy am I glad to hear that! I saw on some forum that the series had been dropped. I was just like,"NO,"
hey! Do u no wen the next concert is?
Soo tired, can't sleep
I'm gonna give it like its never been taken!
girl I know how you feel! Had one of those days yesterday!
T4: I've spoken to smaller #HealthIT directors who say there are nurses who are part of the IT team, act as a liaison.
Look for ' paper on Internet bandwidth caps - at #chi2012 this year: "You're Capped!"
I'd always cheat at Monopoly
Glad you like our Diane Keaton story!
horrible and completely biased. You peopple call yourselves fair and balanced? I wish they wuld change the "talent". Douches
I'm interested in learning about the causes and treatement of Meniere's disease.
Turns out I hate comedians.
Longest 4 seconds ever
4 minutes left twitters follow me and Ill follow you.
I know a couple ushers, concession workers and bar owners we could ask
I wish Rick Ross didn't have Ross as his last name. Lenon Ross sounds clean.. I'm kinda leavin towards adding a last name.. We'll see
I want you to take beautiful pictures of me all the time
M. Mocha cookie crumble frappuccino is delicious.
“: If Your In Memphis And You Went In My Dressing Room And Stole My Phone, Could You Give It Back Please?” Only in Memphis 😒
Dag... Jon Gruden went harder at RG 3 on stage then he did in his coaching session lol
i wont pay you
"Cash in on the Sun. Generate your own #Solar power!"
Angry? Fool around and get your ass whooped hahaha :) :) :)
Yes but there are spots to plant your butt on the 3rd floor.
We acknowledge a wonderful night
Oh, I hope they are in good condition! RT : Tom Petty's stolen guitars found; man arrested -
i wonder how long its gonna be before im actually an astronaut or a race car driver
im gonna like you that way !!! you WHIP it WHIP IT !!
Online math @ Penn State - potential solutions: FLY Pen, Msft Word Equation Editor, Wacom Bamboo tblt, tablet PC, Elluminate live
What would you like to see improved in your business turnaround management?
We're not so much into the Bakugan thing. All of them start to blend together in my mind, though.
I can't believe the Image Awards even nominated Chris Brown for anything. Talent does not forgive abuse.
hahah well she's a loser. It's fun I like it better than Facebook now. Bc Facebook gets a lil boring nowadays...
Submitting to publication as a requirement for my creative writing class.
Q3: knowing the needs for the different ages/genders
Happy anniversary to 's "Vision of Love" :) 22 years!!!
whoop! You rock. I gave up yesterday and took nap.
Headed to work again :)
I also think that Christina taking shots at the other contestants is unfortunately going to effect Chris' chances.
suiting up the party pants as we speak-
Nice story last night bro. Just watched it online.
I'm interested in doing a feature that entails details of choosing hair/makeup for the bride, trial run, and day of, etc.
Lunch fun—
Again, is not Darius Morgan. He's like....the stoner fictional son of
sorry I was getting ready/eating breakfast/driving to school. Now I'm eating fruit salad. :P
TED started off big - Masters Class on Visualizing Business Strategy with Tom Wujec
I know! Right! Lol.
What? RT Staring at a blue surface during sex greatly increases the intensity of orgasms.
Saw The Artist is Present at the MOMA. Life Changing. If you have the opportunity to see her by all means do it.
Ion even wanda fuck these hoes no mo all I wanda is the top
Interested in our Summer Housing program? Follow for updates and information!
haha, nice to see businesses using social media in a creative way here in Gainesville.
Tomorrow I will to have a hard test, of a boring teacher! :]
The Rays have been my backup team since about a year before they started playing.
so awesome to turn on the tv in NYC and see a family member lighting up the garden!!!
Thanks for following us!
"FAT FREE" means eat the whole bag.
this does not make me smile ladies!!
happy mother's day :)
“: u done disappeared! Where U been?! #Chicago #Beauty” I'm back tho
NYT subhed to story on the women running Brazil's energy sector: "All you oil sheiks and J.R. Ewings, meet the new boss."
Signature is rocking the house already !!!
lol yeah I don't want the old people to win...
Ohh max i have wan to try out for volleyball so can you help me practice during the summer? :)
Dustin Hoffman ! The best actor of all time - presenting an award.
do you enjoy condoms? Or always have one on you? We're not talking about whores& one night stands.
That is the sweetest sentiment! Thank you, xo
It is seriously amazing to live somewhere quiet enough that when birds fly by, you can hear every flap of their wings.
.75 miles is a long way to walk when it is -5 degrees out.
OMG i yelled at the T.V!!
We're running a great special right now- 50% off first THREE months for 10x20 drive-up units!
I can navigate Santa Fe pretty good now, but you can't think about it with cardinal directions.
my friend turned into a mahomie
Happy Black Friday. Meeting with clients today about Australia/New Zealand and Costa Rica.
just walk around. seriously. it is a fascinating place to just people watch.
You are absolutely right. And i plan to. Stay tuned.
hi Katie how r u today !
#Swag for days...
Thank you Lisa!!!!! #Appreciation for the #SobrietyDaily! Sharing #Hope!
Well I am enjoying this immensely. You can both be funny.
poop!! Nope:( haha maybe next time!!
Thanks so much. Big fans of too. Hoping to get back to LA soon so she and now you can come see us live!
Another homerun for Kelly. C.J. Wilson has been horrible...or the #Rays have just been that good.
Can't wait for Italy, madness! Love you girlie, Paarty time :)
You're on it :) I'll send you the product announcements from this am now
Glad u like the Fugazza. So yummy RY: Just had the best gourmet Philly cheesesteak eva. Thanks,
Almost went back to back, get him over get him in.
Lol :P you go for venezuela ?!? :)
Call me a geek but #avengers HELLO YES! Love me some Whedon.
whoa that was kinda scary google...
It is one of my daily faves. And They are both awesome!!!
WH - IWillAlwaysLoveYou, purple rollerrink dinos, & me squat-skating hoping not to face-plant will always remind me of you
RT : My college fantasy football draft starts in one hour. I get way too into this.
personal finance blog
that's whats my dude...
I wonder...maybe jus maybe I found what I've been looking for...maybe I'm jus jumping the gun a bit here idk
:) you're welcome
RT : Can not wait until Friday night! Reunion
- Happy New Year to you as well!!
wait, today is National Tater Tot Day and no one told me? I am disappointed in you, internet.
I am so happy I can't wait until the next album! I love you!<3<3<3
The #Komen Foundation didn’t cave to the right wing - It is the right wing. Their NEW VP: Karen Handel - anti-choice & former GOP candidate.
BCSO: Stuntman injured on set during shooting of the movie The Lone Ranger. Severity of injury unknown at this time.
SUN SUN SUN.
Hey Ivan good luck tonight against Baltimore you're one of the best pitchers on the
I love how God connects us to just the right people at just the right time. Thankful for :)
Just watched Secret of the Urn on Netflix Instant, a fun samurai film from 1966 with a lot of interesting ideas and amazing compositions.
oh yah!? where did you hear them?
but it's fortified joe lol
Tyra, your old friend the man, call me - lets put you on the national coverage and place harpo as a forgoteen...
###Pay for crying out loud! He is the classiest and best RB we have had since Payton..!
Chick, it's been over a year since you've been gone. Still thinking about you and how you loved to play the banjo
Just had an intense God-moment through the most hilarious gay man I've ever met with the most intense Jesus-eyes I've seen in a long time.
...don't recognize it when it spits on their shoes.This is your big chance. Remember when you busted the guts out of the ball the other day?
I hate getting ready, and then someone call me and tell me they can't make it and we're not going... #annoyed 😡😣😲😱😥😖
Mind the Gap
too funny!
Anyone in the DC area know of Bikram Yoga that is 60 minutes??
Gotcha, see you there!
Again, agreed. It was so much more than a Disney episode.
God morning. If its not raining, I'll come show some luv tonight.
They just showed the "Leave Britney Alone" video on Leno. I remember when parodied that.
RT DUI checkpoints planned for tonight ... Please don't drink and drive.
#WFUD12 Jaszi: "Fair use is too important to be left to the lawyers."
nightmares get ruthless... they want in...
Neal is way more optimistic about Tannehill than I am. Hopefully it rubs off
Consistency is the trick....it's a hard practice to keep up on a long-term basis, at least thats my opinion.
Love is the self-delusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex
And wtf is wrong wit Chris Brown?? Sellin puppies, nose piercing, losin weight in his face 👎👎👎
I feel bad for mrs.campbell class....it was butt then, i know it's hell now lol
Mortgage Fraud Up 31% in First Quarter 2011
I am OBLIGATED to change the format of the assessment if I think it provides false report of the student learning.
Want to go to canada to go see my uncle lusbin! 😏
Coffee is acidifying. If you're a regular drinker, be sure to balance it out by drinking high pH alkaline water!
my phone died :( whomp whomp.. i didnt even know the battery was low
Talk to me about Crazy Town Banana Pants.
Tired of shoveling? Let Bliffert help. We have a nice variety of snow blowers to save your back.
Bernadette! Planning a wedding? We have the Ultimate Wedding Package: cake, flowers, invites & more! tinyurl.com/4x8ghw8
What to do what to do should i read a book watch tv or go outside where it is going to rain today idk idk i think i will watch tv and read
