#milwaukee We welcome business with open arms! We are members of Ace HardwareCorp-B2B customer service program! Sign up an account and save!
Happy Take Your Sons and Daughters to Work Day! Visit us and let us know how you're marking the occasion.
When everythings made to be broken, I just want you to know who I am.
Haha. I never knew Kim Fowley put out an album in 1987 under the Runaways name w/ no original members until just now.
um the links to your pictures are broken...
haha that sucks! I have all mine written, I am just revising the shit outta it! lol I hate it lol
In Paradise.... No really I am Daq Paradise!!! Chalmette:))) come out til 12mid
Whoah! I just got a celebrity tweet from :) I am looking for you at the #WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner I know you are there :)
Metro keep me talking to my slut bitches
I work for the assistant city manager. #cityhall *wants to write full time tho*
I need a foot massage!
RT : Americas got talent, saw it on Ustream awesome performance
My Twitter has been hacked! Don't click on any links from me!
so sorry you missed it at IMAZ. Impressive time though keep trying. Did I meet you at Great Illini??
We were taking a family photo today. Quin, after being asked to stand a certain way says, "this is not working for me!". Uh.
"There are two ways of spreading light; to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it." -Edith Wharton
Only I know!
using different handwriting to disguise the origin of ideas? #thatcamp #pmt will find you and make you talk about it anyway.
I found it hilarious when I first saw it. Lol xD
Having a blast at the #HPHoliday Tech Party with and Who's winning the Envy 110 tonight?!
Gotta get this yard lookin right 🌺
I adore turndown service ...came back to room and it looks so nice and there was chocolate waiting for me.
joes not afraid to shoot a few texts during gov
yeah lmao i love how they all try to be the "better hoe"
Life is a series of collisions with the future; it is not the sum of what we have been, but what we yearn to be.
What a great fun surprise to see you! Thanks again for coming out...
Really needs a friend :/
mistletoe is an amazing song:-) good job justin
baby i can really get 2 kno u
passed my learner's permit :D there's just a teeny tiny lil problem (-_-")
#WelcolmeToBaltimore where you are not cool if you've never got crabs. Lmao.
what about the issues close to home?
I'm glad someone said it...last time I mentioned I got flamed by all of his followers
two dozen protesters, spelling error on our part. In other news, Newt is here!
Thou Sabith Day has arrived!!
don't worry...he never looks at twitter ;-)
After Christmas specials all week!....Now it's time to treat yourself to some goodies! Open Monday, 12/26-Friday, 12/30.
Listening the The #Drive soundtrack while Mike Degnan does rules
Either I'm overly sensitive today or everyone I've spoken with on the phone woke up on the wrong side of the bed. Be nice, folks.
;) cheer up! No one likes a mad woman!
Happy Mother's Day #ABQ!
We've Reached A Climax
Noo what is it!?
Lately I've had an issue of trying to keep track of too many things. Too many blogs, too many twitterers, etc. Time to do some cleaning.
hope you rocked the first day man! Wouldn't expect much less
Thanks for the mentions yesterday!
When a problem says "If yes, explain why" and you answer No just so you don't have to lol
Def soon...I want to dress up too!!!!
The top six boats in each qualifier advance to the final.
omg, I know, I've been dieing for a new cut/color...
was any of that cause from your swim in a fountain at wright state? lol
Guys that don't hold back their feelings >
Packers defense doesn't always use condoms. But when they do, they use Trojans.
Had a wonderful day chilling around the town :)
The laugh track on "Two and a Half Men" is the aural equivalent to waterboarding.
Hey John. Thanks for the follow!
If your thinking of seeing "The Cabin in the Woods" rethink it!
and happy birthday.
#NBA #FEARTHEDEER you are the only one buddy.
Parking garage gate won't open and *lots* of cars are stuck. Gate too not an arm. At least maintenance on way
": Amazing finish to the end of that 76ers game." That nigga thaddeus young!
Just went to see my baby boy at his memes and he broke down when I left =[ I feel bad I missed him
Can anyone explain why all the primaries are not just on the same day? Do the parties want the media circus dragging them out creates?
Will you be writing about lead content or Chinese labor conditions? ;)
I'm dehydrated so I'm vascular right now...bitches love vascularity. Cc:
whats up it would be awsom if u followed me can u please follow me im a big fan of u
Exercise makes you look better, feel better, and even live longer... I'm Addicted!!!
Happy Saturday. Reading digital comics an rocking out to some itunes tracks :-)
We're getting rave reviews about David's massages! Hurry get yours next week for 50% off!
happy b day
He has more $ than needed to run statewide in MA. MT : Scott Brown raised $8.5 in 2011, $12.8 mill on hand. Over 2u,
RT This if you love one direction !
seasonal both! But crazy long hours!
So happy for you both. Congrats! RT : Congrats to and on getting hitched today.
it is July 6-7 and give me a sec there's a website tht u can buy em but it also has the info!
so all my followers, YOU ARE AWESOME!! :D
Oh yah know, just carrying a conversation with outside the library #lovehim ❤
I know what all this theory shit it can I work on my own project already
thank you soo much! Yes this the first song we've done together! Soo glad you like it!
Fields are nice and soft again, thank you rain. Practice should be great tomorrow night.
Innonim's rehearsal looks amazing!
My birfday is in a couple day! May 10th ftw!
I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way, shaddup.
I'm going back to DODGE
I want a signed copy of Lynyrd Skynyrd biography! Tour managers have the best stories...always!
you welcome :P
Yup...he's not coming. It's been an hour.
Thanks for the load of spyware and virus. You're such a sweetie.
Our apartment WREAKS of bacon.
my sent emails from the last 2 weeks just DISAPPEARED? What's up #google?
#onlinedriversed is hilarious. Did you know it's illegal for a driving instructor to trick me into making a fatal mistake on the road?
That's what my office looks like! :)
i know you can.
Obama Hails &#39;Light of New Day&#39; in Afghanistan
Must be a soccer coach thing...jk. Perhaps a result of coaches zeroing in on camps and exposure circuits to find players.
Dont quit your day job
Family pulled from JetBlue flight because 18-month toddler is on no-fly list. Authorities lack common sense.
Working on model picks tonight from 2 shoots. May not last long...feel like I'm catching a cold.
‘I always knew I was going to be rich. I don’t think I ever doubted it for a minute.’ ~Warren Buffett
Let's go, RANGERS!!!
Everyone else in class is talking, why are you just yelling at me?!
That's He has lightning fingers!
of her giving dirty looks to JB fans, like where can I find it?
forget radio, they need to get you on FSN!
check ya dm
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know. – Jim Rohn
I read your tweets late last night and I'm sorry bb. But it's another day, and maybe a brighter day... Keep the faith. send u HUGS.
re: Oasis, that's a UK thing, since we can access their albums in the states (not that I do or would)
Crocs gave me gumption to step into ankle deep water to hail cab. Look like ballet slippers, work like wellies. Love em despite haters.
The power of face-to-face will never die!
be warned Europe is SO expensive. like....crazy fucking expensive. and all the French people I've encountered to far are RUDE
50 mins of y o g.a and I feel so balanced and calm!
Mr. Move, Reggie Cunningham, was in a movie I just started watching on Netflix.... Trigger Man, small world.
when r we gonna get 4g, in Detroit, MI. ??
thank you much! and ditto.
-thx for the follow
I gave him a cookie.
Hotsheet Live: What will matter in November?
Siganme . follow back !
What is your Ford of choice? Ford Mustang? Ford F-150? Ford Fiesta? Post photos too!!
walk down? Meaning?
Just watch the clip of getting hammered by Jason Smith. 2 games? He should be done for the year.
Happy thanksgiving fest
#NP There Will Be Tears - Frank Ocean
Thanks, friends.
Had a rough day with my dad in the hospital. All is good now. He's recovering and I'm content!!
Omg omg omg omg omg... I'm so nervous
yeeeaaahhhh....... I'm not touching that one! Wait!!!
Monopolizing Hanukkah. (When you take 8 nights and turn them into a Monopoly game).
Swears "hardcore" so i guess we'll see.
Don't get me started...
special shout out to my mentors and fellow comrades 2012 is our year!
From now on I'm going to try and be less of an asshole. So I would appreciate it if everyone stopped being so stupid.
BTW, Alexander Graham Bell wanted "Ahoy-hoy." I think I'll try using that.
i love my desktop.
- thanks Mark!
Woot!!!!!! More followers follow me people you WILL get a follow back!!!!
Thanks for the follow ! Happy tweeting!
Who knew instructions were important?!?
Cincy's Mike Leake arrested for allegedly stealing sixty bucks in merchandise from Macy's. What??
I understand.
Take my heart as you're leaving. I don't need it anymore.
send where to send the gift card and we'll get it to you!
yeah.it feels like forever..I'm the happiest today!
I'm a foodie myself but more on the savory side. Hit this redneck/comic nerd up if you're ever in need of a recipe :-)
lolz will do
Did you know that Obama wants us to all have access to speedy wireless services. He's going to Northern Michigan University to promote it.
not taken as such. Be interesting to see if G can get out of its own way and truly disrupt.
Great food, better company
Okay so why is my son walking around talking bout "Cobans back, Cobans back lol... I just wanna say thanks #MGK for making my son a
Another big day with tournaments tmw RT : Affiliate tournament tomorrow in Michigan. Go Brainiacs! And good luck to all!
Diggin' on Freddie Hubbard's album 'Ready for Freddie' today.
I no evathing Did u no u can't hum while holdin ur nose I bet ur trying it rite now haha Me so smartical!!! =)
I know lol
Sushi tonight🌇
I know she is!!! Happy first 4th to sweet baby boy!
Think twitter is insipid? If only you people knew the picayune bullshit that I spare you.
#loveit More please!
Hope everyone's enjoying the remainder of this semester and now that registration is beginning, be sure to leave a slot for your show at SFR
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 0
Missing #prstudchat for class but can't wait to go back and read all the great advice!
I'm not gonna go on a "diet" I'm just gonna "tone and flatten my stomach" ....more
thanks steve!!! :*
okay not RED RED, but burgundy! :D
hey man.
Thanks for the follow back!
Nice work yanks
“The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.” —Marcel Proust
Caprese salad, pasta & cabernet from Bossa Nova. Perfect Monday.
LMAO!! Get in line!!
Beyonce Dated , Marriage , Then Had Babies. ( : Young Girls Should Take Notes
Appreciated your response. I immediately cancelled the card.. Thank you.
RT - #SomewhereRightNow is New England Patriots Wide Reciever Chad Ochocinco is thinking "Should I tweet, or should I s...
Add me on Bbm if you have it 26762D4F
Happy mothers day to all the mamas!
Not enough people know Jack Handey. As would call those people n00bs.
Happy New Year Aplin Family, Beijing, Taipei, Shanghai, Singapore, Manila, Hong Kong Disneyland, Perth, Kuala Lumpur
Well, it was pretty silly of me to be looking at the vent anyway.
Two hours later and I'm still alive, though I'm not exactly overjoyed by that fact. How did mass appeal lead me so astray?
the only reason we're watching the "500" is so I can fall asleep easier.
"Why you eye'in nigga, proly off that hard liquor | all these bitches in the room and you steady fuckin with twitter"
OMG take me with u.
Thanks so much for sharing our special wedding day. We had fun.Lacrasia and Jay
Seattle Sorbets is on the road makin deliveries.
thanks for the RT - have a great week!
Oh no. That's the worst.
haha me too:(((
we will be starting the Republic Freedomblog show back tonight
Thanks for the great work!
I had no idea man....never had any skills, but I do love watching the game!...lol
You finally gave in....welcome to twitter sis!
What?! Griffey didn't pinch hit in the game on Saturday because he feel asleep in the clubhouse. It can't be! I stayed awake the whole game
Yeah, I did. I find it interesting that a Black mob attacks a white man, and it isn't racism...but if the opposite haps, it is.
cutie :-) so do you guys have a fb or whatever lol
RT : The Colorado Benefit Corporation Legislation just passed 31-4 from the Senate Floor!
Nov. 18th. Melrose Pub. Fireball Friday. In conjunction with
haha that's true! This person had no idea. It's hard to know when to reach out or not. I can appreciate the sentiment at least.
You're the only person to give me a book suggestion! So thank you haha. I'll check it out!
8 days until we play the Cobalt Cafe in Canoga Park, CA and just 12 until we leave for tour!
I'm just seriously counting down the hours till tomorrow!!
watching the life of brian looool
Butler mulling a move to the A10 . . . Interesting.
Debating whether or not to get an 'Imported from Detroit' sticker for my jeep. Is it too much? Do I want to align myself to a slogan?
Maybe dude got other joints I dont know about... But "Bitch look down" doesnt seem like what schoolkids should be bumpin lol
have fun bro! Wish I could go. For sure next week if I'm off :-)
Thank you ! I appreciate it !
When did the new awning go up? Looks awesome.
that's a close game, would love to see it come true!!
Spend too much time deleting spam. Spammers are like a virus, every time you think you've stopped them they mutate.
We can't wait to see the Fantastic Flying Books of Morris Lessmore! It looks totally perfect for booksellers & booklovers like us
The #brewers IF had as many hits last night as the Proclaimers.
1 week down, 50 to go for 2013 #BrewersFantasyCamp. Aches and pains about gone finaly, back to the gym to train for the next camp.
How long can the Rs hold out before being fined?
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
First time trying out the Global Entry system, let's see how it goes ...
above all the mafia will prevail. I can still make it.. Girls only Mafia?
Jesus Christ what a game!!!
Allow me to reiterate: if you're not signing off on or writing my checks, or providing me with the three Fs, I DO NOT HAVE TO LIE TO YOU.
Yeah, it's very exciting! Feel free to jump in!
Go HAWKS! ": Brad Ross shorthanded breakaway and the are up 2-0!"
That is if holds this formation.
#ChessMoveRoster is crazy!
Shuffling with Ariana 
im hyper from another reasonn ;D
awww thanks yo! We have NEW music coming out June 1st! Hope it measures up to PMOTNP!
now I have "Shwarma Shwarma Shwarma chameleon" stuck in my head
nothing means more to me than ↑ ♥
im so hungry some one deliver ill love u forever
nope, you're doomed ;) Your pillow is going to look waayyyy too comfy. Good luck!
Good to hear:) I'm doing good now that it's lunchtime:) Haha. So what have you been up to?
I feel you son
I think Eric Bledsoe is setting himself up for a big second contract. Way to deliver in the playoffs.
Snooze with
Pharmacy tech class..
Bitter, party of one?
Staind, "So Far Away"
Thank you for all the RT love! You rock, Sista!
I miss college... Go
Great commercial shoot yesterday north of Pittsburgh. Heading out to emcee the Homegrown Hoosier Film Festival today from 10am till midnight
Waiting to see my video, I'm so anxious I can barely sleep!!!!!!!!!:)))))))
did happen to sid in a way.Lost for an entire year. And Staal this season. Our coach didn't throw hissy fit after
Western Division Champs today ! WESTSIDE IS THE BEST SIDE, I'm too live today !
Day 91 of 100: I am thankful for re-discovering Michael Shurtleff
Was impressing a 5 year old with my juggling ability. Then I reached out too far and sudden to recover. The pain. The rotator cuff pain.
random or maybe targeted! ;-)
Check out my new song "Right Between the Eyes". www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret
"Fuck you" is really starting to read like "Blah blah" on here.
Good one Malone!
ugh I know! Idiot Refs! Dx
Other news during the last hour: the House approved an extension of lending authority for the Export/Import bank, through end of FY14
tonights show of Spartacus was truly incredible congrats it's the best show on television, you guys are Awesome!!!
Today, November 21 @ 5 PM PST | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Rant .. People who talk on their cell phones for long calls at the poker table SUCK and should lose every hand just for being so annoying.
TGIF! 3 weeks until we close on our house. I have a to-do list of 21+ items between now & then, but I cannot wait!
dark thoughts plague me
Sorry I've been so silent on Twitter and Facebook lately! There's been a lot going on, and some news I've decided to talk and blog about.
Yes, Trudy, we should head out. Thank you. Thanks, Pete, old man. Great party. See you Monday.
Love makes me sick!!
I feel worn-out.
I already did like 1,000,000 times that's how scared I am
Want to know who's winning the 4th and 5th starter battles in baseball? www.ussportspages.com
ah thanks..there is always next weekend,,R U enjoying your day #MEASTMaMa ??
That's what we're doing with our LibraryYOU project. We're helping our local experts make videos and podcasts.
Its not May 5th in SD. IMA SAY HBD TO HIM IN 3 hours. ^_^
ATTN L.A. ROCKERS!!! I have a FREE PIT TICKET to the GGAs 2NITE! 1ST to find me at L.A. Live and yell "CHLÖE CRÜEHEAD ROCKS!" gets it!!!!
"Dad, I`m hungry." "Hi, Hungry. I`m Dad." "Dad, I`m serious." "I thought you were Hungry?" "Are you kidding me?" "Nope, I`m Dad."
Texans let's go
Dang. got me hooked on emoticons 
Me too .. all I can do is pray...it wil be hard for them if they have to start over :( Thanks for keeping a light on this
I like it, too. It'll be interesting to see what happens with it. Looking forward to your festival on May 20th!
Here comes the Snow!
ok, I'm jealous. beach yeah!
Great meeting your team as well. I like the way you're thinking!
Busy planning for the 60th anniversary of ICA in 2012. In the archives finding the most amazing projects we've done over the years.
Ugh.! You Get On Mi Nerves Sometimes I Swear.
Looking 4 entrepreneurial recruiters, candidate sourcers, HR directors/mgrs & HR specialists 4 new venture starting in Dec. MSG me 4 info
-- I do believe that our opponents are simply MAD!
you should follow me. please(:
RT : Knowledge management is like doing the dishes: better to do a bit everyday than to let it pile up. -
That's my spring break too!!
Just had a walking taco at a youth tournament. It was everything I hoped it would be.
Division 505 makes some really good memories together.....with water bottles, balloons, and actualy balls. We play catch with anything(:
Well with the new eReaders coming out with cookies, everyone's information is at risk, right?
Your director may not have experience working with dialect for film. Asking an actor to add an accent 14 days B4 a shoot? :-(
I am a fan of Buff's. Last time we were at the Chicken Bone - the wings were ok but the beer was warm!
Yo cant wait to hear your xmas album its gunna be #sick LEGGO!!!
To be fair, Sanford PD is probably tired of all these hooded journalists always walking free.
I Came To Win,To Fight, To Conquer, To Thrive I Came To Win, To Survive, To Prosper, To Rise, To Fly. Get Ready For It, I Came To Win.
no I'm shy lol
Funny on ur Write Longer tweet at the bottom there was a link that said "Degrees from University of Phoenix" LOL
we r too-but last yr only boys signed up-trying 2get ideas 2draw in girls-including finding places to add into regular classes
A big thanks to our friends at D&B Sound for donating the rental of their equipment to help make the Dan Toler Benefit Concert amazing!
You should never agree to surrender your dreams
Appreciate the #YouTube subscription! all of our special videos including Lex Luger Q&A's available at www.YouTube.com/promolast
The best thing about #hackweek - no interviews. Just hacking.
Kicked my own ass today during animal walk warmups for #DowninthefaceofGod . No dinner = no strength.
oh how the tides change
BTW, StoveTop is stuffing NOT dressing. There is a difference and they are in no way interchangeable.
Mad dash to get home & get ready for tonight!
#NP Sleeping With Sirens- All My Heart. c:
thanks for the RT!
just so happy:D
Not necessarily. His BB:K rate was good, and he got a bit unlucky.
I may have successfully hidden from FB's Timeline. Over a month since the "forced" Timeline turnover & I'm still on the old look!
between tebow getting thrown to the lions and this i dont know whats worse lol
4-year-old: "let's go to Blue Seals." Me: "Blue Seals?" 4-year-old: "Yeah, there, Blue Seals." Me: "Oh, you mean 'Lucille's!"
Overheard at work (said with Southern drawl): "Girl, my car has outlived 3 husbands and 1 mechanic." Isn't the South awesome!
Thanks! Yeah we arent celebrating till sun cause they leave at 4.. Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
I just has the most fucked up dream during my nap 😳
Refs to be swallowing their whistles when UCONN is on defense.
Interesting stat. I would love to know the source, if you get a sec.
I know twitter is a way to promote yourself like FB, but really? A twitter war with the prez? Not my style. U wnt have my vote.
hahaha, whoops. I didn't even realize that! But it's very dangerous!
It's time for a #FF. Edition: awesome people -
PHA you better know it.
South Bay is lookin good today! Check out our listings! sb.californiahomesforsale.com!
The Beastie Boys did not fucking launch the career of Vanilla Ice or Slim Shady. Wtf is wrong with you people?!
start w/ non-contingent delivery of reinforcer? If you get increase in communicative intent (mo) prompt mand. Fade prompt.
I'd like to formally apologize to everyone for bogarting all the coconut cupcakes. :-)
Yes, but not for a few days--hoping that the crowds will subside a tiny bit by next week!
i hate hoes that get prego jus so dey can say dey gt a BD...like bitch who cares! too bad yu cnt say u have a #HUSBAND llab! Ur jus a BM lol
is gonna watch a movie...the sun is out, but stil fresh!
Thanks for the RT Diane. May everyone be inspired by this article :)
Yay for breakfast tacos! Ready to start blogging.
Taking care of my life seriously... <3
I am with Dr. Alonso team at the School District Portfolio Meeting in New Orleans. How do we establish an environment of creativity?
you could never be lame...you read Daily Word! :)
Hahaha, "Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce, an equal opportunity employer, our windows don't open." That's why they're in advertising.
Is he getting too old for this shit?
I only have a few more Sundays available for graduation parties! DM me for details
There's hard business figures, which all cos monitor, but qualitative feedback is just as important and more forward-looking.
west coast dates coming later in the year. We'll see
Law of thankfulness:: if ur not thankful for what u got, u won't be thankful for what u get!
lol, how's your bday celebration??
Bout to go to an audition in the ATL!@!
Wasn't it just a few months ago we were worried about Zack Greinke leaving Milwaukee to go BACK to Kansas City????
was great too Thanks. Yeah we have to put something together before your Best Of 2033 party lol. Email you tomorrow bro.
A charity where everyone works together... no one standing above the rest.
heading 2 dinner. Will look her up 2nite. Thanx again. P.s. experiencing w tweetdeck from phone.
Don't they all say that every year?
The network censors of yesteryear are rolling in their graves. How are those hip movements possible - replacement joints?
SEA You have been a Pioneer We have a long road a head of us! You are not alone! SEA We Can Save the World Reach Across Divide
Or, better yet, how about 10 privileged students at $5k/each + 10 underprivileged at max $2500/each? #1:1
I will be there!!
RT : just insane! in a few hours these 22 year olds will be making more money than most of us can dream of!
puts me in the zone!
Aw sh*t!! Lol RT : I think I see I'm not sure though, lol
Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile. Franklin P. Jones
It's more like a "you don't need to be on this chain, but instead of just omitting you, we're giving you one more email"
Another way to increase your #metabolism is to add spices to your food. Cinnamon is one spice that increases your metabolism twenty-fold
Tomorrow is Thursday cool...goodnight guys
Happy sweeties day ladies
for watching bad basketball or for the Garnett comment?
And! What r we chopped liver? Lol I'm being difficult just miss my sister. Tell everyone hi 4 us in Sipp. Luv ya!
I have just created a new list titled 'Sports' using TweetDeck
#turkeylegball is tonight. Getting fired up and ironing my best tuxedo shirt. The one for special occasions...
What to eat for lunch???
i know right! hope everything is going good... Sorry to hear about your dad.
9:45am and i'm already wanting to bang my head on the desk..
Drive carefully. Have a good trip
I'm so sorry! I've been there and it sucks!
About to get into bed as look out the window @ the beautiful skyline of Atlanta ....Goodnight !!
que busy stfu. its my grandmas birthday she wants you to come to the beach with us.
Out of all the tweets I make, I want just one to be noticed by the few famous that follow me. Please!
Good Night everyone....see you tomorrow!
In other news Milwaukee is a charming place both architecturally and otherwise (aside from the arrest)
the west/best coast welcomes you
RT : damn. That's deep. “: #MotheringWhileBlack is almost NEVER letting ur son go anywhere alone.”
No reason to sleep tonight. No one will care about traffic tomorrow. WE'RE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!!
We'll see ya on Thursday!!! CAN'T WAIT!!!!
Why did Twitter move the Open link on tweets from upper right corner to underneath and rename it Expand.
Ratchets don't have friends. RT : I have no friends
Without wonder & insight, acting is just a business. With it, it becomes creation of drama.
Digging into the Suitcase Opera libretto and some poems for an art song commission by VOX3.
So i am like really tired sms i want to sleep and i really hate auto correct. It thinking that im speaking a different language.
tried to DM you, but alas... Follow me sucka! Holla. John MConner signing out.
I actually got more into older Yes after TALK came out and blew me off of my chair
I need a TARDIS. :(
IMPORTANT: If you have a discount code to APPNATION NYC, you MUST use it today. All codes expire at midnight EST tonight, May 1, 2012.
the final whispering was moving, nonetheless
so what part of TX u from if u don't mind me askin
you home?
the box office to pick up tickets is located outside of the festival?
thank God you guys are alright. All of us in other cities just sit here and party. Wow. Praying for everyone there.
Some people flood their social media feeds with so many posts so quickly, I feel like NATO and the World Court need to get involved.
Ily maria for always being there as a shoulder to lean on ilysm n I dnt know wat I'd do without u
I love your twitpic! So pretty!
I want someone to start a "fuck free world, 313." chant when I graduate.
I've said it before, it's a MUST to establish roots (connections, network, fanbase, street grind) to make it.
I agree wholeheartedly.
Performing at the on Sunset tomorrow night at 10pm. Let me know if you want to get on the guest list.
go away clouds!
If I choose 1,then I lose the other (Camera-Stefan) I can’t bear thought of losing 1 of U (Camera-Damon)-> I see what U did there, writers
awash in a sea of acronyms
So far I think this is my favorite part of the #Grammys Loving Katy Perry
"the whole system sets up #nonprofits for struggle and starvation" Mario Morino during #LeapofReason speech today in
so now i'm a little indonesian hobbit person?
No ;o why would I?
Iguess I'm twiving right now, twitter while driving xD
shiiiiitttttt I forgot my books ._.
Big congrats to my old friends at Embry-Riddle for their Sloan-C "Best In Track" award!
Hey bud, have you seen a friend of mine? From Miami, used to model, got heavy in to fitness..... Lol. Tell her I said hi.
Nvm.. I'm not trying to roast anybody
#hth2012 notes our live tweeting here! :) Noting how useful it is for enhancing communications generally.
follow me plzz
I don't know why its bothers me when people say "I Love You" after only 2 weeks of dating >.<
About to get my spinning on!
Yea, with only 19 collegiate starts at Texas A&M under his belt, we tend to agree. He has a lot to prove.
Can't stop missing you.
and u say im an asshole -_-
I want to work for you
Thank you for tagging me!
Awesome! Let us know when you're ready to launch. We definitely see the "craft" in film-making. :)
If you get downtown, check out Slanted Door in the Ferry Building. Best Vietnamese in town.
ouch...what happen to spark the keg on this one then?
and Padres behind dugout, ready for first pitch!
Dreams are always better than my reality for now.
RT : Shift your focus from problems to solutions, from fears to desired outcomes. ~
Tony Parker...without him, Spurs aren't second best in the west
thank you! We're all in it together.
I hate mosquitos got bit on the cheek
put on a great race and party tonight at Quarry Oaks. 35:44 time in the race.
tues afternoon looks good to me darling!
but we did it! :) I feel great about it.
Both of your last posts are ex of what happens when these lenders fail to help the ppl they put in this horrible situation
Wow. Just reading into the Kris Barrett thing. It would be hilarious if anybody knew about it.
yea haha (; nd dont go to sleep i haven't talked to u in lyk 4ever D:
thanks for the follow!
Boating in Boston Harbor with and the crew... beautiful day!
A movie and popcorn night..
thank you. Loyal friends of Kodak, like you, are what make our Brand a legend. Thank you so much :)
IMO, if you believe God has defined marriage, from a spiritual perspective, it is irrelevant if the majority agrees with you.
Feeling creative juices flow like adrenaline!!
LOL Text time??? Girl...here I go again. Getting twitter retarded!! lol
Well at 6 oclock tonight I was planning to record later tonight but that changed when I had a six way Skype Session...
Wonder if gets my tweets anymore.?
Damn Dante Cunningham blocked the shit outta Eric bledsoe
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
stupid bitches with their boyfriends in the hallway...
Free Consultation..Get your appt. Today.Divorce, Child Support.... Serving all the West Coast. (727) 474 9988. 12 years experience. Call NOW
There is going to be an invite only screening of the #film Morgan in #NYC on 11/1/11. If you would like an invite DM or email me.
How is it unconstitutional for citizens to ask that the govt not carry a certain show on govt-owned network?
much more excited about ios 4 bluetooth keyboard support for my ipod touch than a normal person would be
lol where did you go buy it ? & well i saw it before you saw it on tumblr ;p
Did Tony Parker end up making a decision Friday??? Did I miss something? Whats the deal with his recruitment? Thanks..
FOBOH is a cool company doing great social media marketing for restaurants.
problem solved, thanks stranger! & also, wtf Apple, replacement powercords are $79 ?!? & mine was only a year old. not cool.
I'm ready to get pampered tomorrow.
Once dudes find out that women are the only wingmen that exist, they will be a lot more successful.
lol sea supposed to be giving him some huge check to pay the rest off. I'll let you know ;)
Why is it when u work hard but need a little help u get nothing but sit ur ass at home have 3 kids and get free food, med, and daycare!
:D I think I wanna ring a bell for them next year. I'll even bust out some songs for them! Happy New Year to you Akelaa!!
^ Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. Dale Carnegie
The ad breaking up the middle of this great column says it all.
cool you want some coffe when u get here? i dont feel like washing the coffeemaker though
Good to know cause I was getting worried. Seems like we only get 1-2 nice ones in a row no not at all, yesterday was though!
It's 4:20 bitch I don't smoke! Oh I'm lieing now?
team who is this chick?
looking forward to your tweets :) We love social media & creative marketing!www.bookkeepergirl.com
Nothin Much :) How You Been?
RT - After yesterday's game, I am now a fan of the Washington Nationals bullpen.
Go to bed kids. It's late.
what is the best breakfast place near CC? Not a hotel!
ugly boa!!!
there in spirit!
? RT : RT : Nude guy gets on stage for Jesus And Mary Chain. Gets taken down hard.
Ah! We could buy it fierce clothes! Haha ohmygosh. I could hook up with Adam, while you hook up with Britney!
RT : Best part of pulling an all-nighter is getting to watch the sky change. Thanks, college, for one last hurrah.
nice. I am going to run through woods with my olympic torch!!!!!
I'm frreeeee!
Updating apps on my iTouch which I haven't used in FOREVER.
get rid of harvest soul!!
Typing away!
ach. sorry. Had MatriarCHI lunch today.
Go 15% or go home.
The things I would do with 32million
Things are good. Working on my next drum cover and saving money for an acoustic kit. How about you?
Kyflyclhcykslydlhxlyd I'm so annoying...
He said he gone stop calling me and I said ok
OR crime but from avant-garde art is particularly offensive."
Happy Birthday, Suraya! You must have had great Halloween seasons as a kid!
aww you're welcome! God Bless you too! :D \o/
as a battered woman, that tweet earned you my full respect.
Ah! It's working now. Maybe it was having a bad hair moment :-) Thanks!
: No no he is too good for them.
An archive may provide backup of my current work, but most backup systems are not archives.
Even the sun sets in paradise
Happiness in the heart makes the eyes sparkle with joy <3 <3 Lori
Well it completely is. xD And thats because your like. So sweet. :D BTW, Loving the profile pic. STOP SOPA.
keeping your continued health in my prayers. Stay up, bro!
I now know what it feels like to be blown around in a hurricane. Indoor sky diving = amazziinngg.
Goody Girls Fabric Headbands 5 Count Pack of 2Headbands - goody headbands
: Djokovic is the new number one, and well deserved!
I did the interview process 4 years ago with them so I had completely forgotten. It was great that they sent me a copy though.
#BoyzAreBack #BoyzAreBack the stage just got swag!
ya actually am
hi ariana! i love you! <3
Americas got Talent (;
Graduating My Drug Classes In A Few Weeks. Yayyy!
OH RIGHT! OMG MY DADDY WAS IN A CRASH THAT INVOLVED 7 CARS! ALL CAUSED BY A MAN ON HIS PHONE LUCKILY MY DAD AND OTHER..
i was excited to meet your bro and when ur dad said i could and ditched me...it made me cry like alot
you also stopped following us! Damn our worthless asses for not delivering on that promise.
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one this page got hacked
I was just another promise you couldn't keep
For Sure. The Only Thing Is We Need More Teamwork As A City. Ain't Nobody Trynna Give A Helpin Hand If They Get One.
On KISS FM until 2!
RT RT! Prod I saw your hazel contacts! They fit you so so good and tomorrow will the day to watch y'all on !
A: iMedical apps. As solo I couldn't do w/out it RT Q: Suggestions on how 2 keep up w evaluating apps?
Wishing you a beautiful day
1 in 4 Milwaukee families with children experience food hardship. Text FOOD to 52000 to make a donation to today
Outstanding Female Athlete of the Year -- Leslie Hayden.
I need to start up my caffeine levels too! Havn't had my morning coffee!
Im So Pissed Off
Your agent should tell you what wardrobe to bring for every shoot. If you want more details feel free to visit HowToModel.com
RT : Only 70 followers away from 5,000! We r so lucky 2 have so many friends, followers & fans! Thanks all.
thanks for getting that up there!
Are you guys planning on stopping by 2300 around the time of the Merrillville, Indiana performance?
Someone had to say it. ^_^ aha.
Getting ready to head out to MAAM in Saratoga in the early AM with the rest of CGP.
oh my god! I knew he hadn't been tweeting in awhile! wow :'((
Good Night Followers!!! 😘
Double-wow. Time flies.
Loves H&M<3 Ordering a christmas outfit!
I think I'm the only one not watching the Superbowl this weekend. :)
Happy St. Patty's day!! Pinch those not wearing green, kiss all the Irish, drink some beer and prepare for tomorrows hangover!!
i did whats good!
Night fellow lovers:). xoxo
RT : Humility, integrity and consistency...
coupon code for today. "FREEDESK" because we got one. $11 off
Will trade Husband for Wine.
mexican food night is just not the same without La Victoria :(
Happy Easter! :)
Lol That 70's Show never fails to be funny!!
#wikileaks releases #Apples Battle with counterfeits in
definitely would love to meet some other great DC folks that you mentioned (and ones you didn't!)
Saints just got the NFL version of the Death Penalty. Harsh.
say yes!
I don't know what this is. Do I?
Wis. Gov. Scott Walker says no budget repair bill needed despite new $143 million shortfall projection
Man I Love The Packers We The Best. Can't Wait To Kill The Lions.
Choose your Habits, Choose your Life.
Good night all - thanks for organizing this chat! Best, Mark
Somebody had the nerve to take the herb up out the doobie ashtray, why'd you do me that way?
Happy Thanksgiving Week! Here's to a short work week!! Need any Holiday Newsletters Bare Bones Graphics the one stop shop for all you newsl…
When people trend it's logical to think they may have died. Rick Porcello wishes, apparently.
ALWAYS CELEBRATE LIFE NEVER DEATH
Mexican food yummy
Sound system at ampitheater at Clark county for coldplay is amature...another reason this venue sucks for shows.....
Happy Red October!!
u know when your in the ghetto when you see Master P potato chips.
how's it going this is sergio
agree w/ samandjt! This librarian wld b happy 2 checkout loaners :)
How are you doing today?
Sunday, March 14 @ 5 PM, "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio, guest is Hottie Pop Star, Ari Gold, Visit: latalkradio.com, Channel1
I shall have my Cake and eat it too.
yeah, its the writer that really sets me off. her comments during interviews make it difficult to enjoy the show for what it is.
They were supposed to run the first mile at 5:30 this morning, they didn't start til 8:15 am.
brilliant! Let's chat soon
I'm encountering lots of silly #twats today!
#Waffle lovers can text CASTIRON to 90210 for VIP specials from Cast Iron Waffles in #Charlotte, NC. We can put mobile to work for you too!
hes a country singer lol :b
or we could just do that haha... I already got my VIP tickets <3
having a frozen jack and coke cheers
Welcome to our new followers - hope to see you at likemind Chicago next Friday, 6/19 at Argo tea at Adams & Dearborn!
Going to check out the cherry blossoms on the Tidal Basin tonight!
no classes, big hw day
Where is the #sunshine?! Cloudy and gloomy isn't working for me #Indy!
founder of red bull died...red bull and vodka in your honor my friend
Anyone know where played for #Y2k? Need the info for a #trivia night question! Was it the Sphinx?
I'm a lover baby, not a fighter
Loved it, and didn't even mind the 3-D glasses :-) RT : Watching Avatar - the CG is so good in this movie.
Haven't had to shit this bad since I drank a pint of iced coffee last semester.
sorry I had a taker before you - if they don't come through I'll let you know...
Yeah My mistake. Morgan Stanely. The Morgan confused me.
the bible is most certainly passé! No argument here. Golden rule still holds true though
hahaha my legs are still soo sore!
": "there is no fear in love, but perfect love drives out fear"" that's so true
at this time i wish i had a fat gf so i could go to her house nd eat all her food cause i know her fridge would be stacked
They were looking above at the stars and thanking fate for having given them the great fortune of their meeting~AMERICAN AMARANTH
Nice! Jason Aldeans playing #flyoverstates think the stereo sounds damn good!
thank you, honey! You too!
Which I LOVE! Thank you, your getting more and more creative!
Heading home today. My oh my but JFK is a huge airport!
they did
I've also suspected mad scientist just because your cover is so good.
now 3 away :)
Been a good day for music in restaurants. Heard Blonde Redhead earlier at a sushi joint. And thievery so com voce just now
We drew for #dareproject 17 tonight! The hat produced a good crop. We'll reveal the next batch of world premieres over the next few days.
what the hell? This makes no sense???
Illuminated led windshields to fit '96 to present Street Glides and Electra Glides with factory fairings. Darksideshields.com
lol wow like i live in miami nd i asked if u lived here but u said no u only cheer here
RT : The winner ain't the one with the fastest car. It's the one who refuses to lose. -Dale Earnhardt
guess who's bored , this girl so guess what that means ? I'm gonna pierce my ear
Best way to #getfollowers on #twitter is not to RT someone. Simply make your photo #justinbieber and change your name to an odd misspelling
Hello #sandiego we're opening this weekend, come on down and see us! 255 G St San Diego 92101 (619) 500 6245 - City Center Mail
I love a matcha green tea latte in the morning!
This cat is JAMMING!
that maybe a true statement....lol it's alot #heart on that side of town.
It's my Monday and I only have to work today and Friday...blah
Today is Albarino Day! *(what is that you say?)We have a CA wine to prove Albarino can grow outside of Spain, $7 glass
we laid down 3 tracks tonight to say bye. Be excited. Be very excited.
I love the old adage, "What doesn't kill you won't hurt you!" Always remember that persistence and perseverance pays off in the long run!
: Your blog would generate the best discussion, IMO - I'll ask when it's our turn for questions
I already know. No need to remind :)
Surfer Blood tickets at Independent!
was the DMV lady Oprah or Mariah, by chance?
Your moment is now. Don't let anything stand in your way!
Those who follow u r brave-Never know where lightning will strike! LOL ⚡🐤
it's these Dumb Recycled beliebers that start the shit and get hate on us then leave
Had a great time at the March of Dimes with , , & Sara! 👍
Now, they can't find the cow. I am beginning to suspect it is a ghost, or the most wily bovine to ever stalk Beaver County. #where'sthecow?
that's great keep up the good work! :)
but like i said im kinda new to twitter so i was confused lol
Nathan and I are scheming on where to put Portland's new (imaginary) major league baseball stadium and how we're getting season tickets.
You're so amazing! My dream is to meet you!:) Please follow me! My follow button is jealous because yours is blue. Haha✮❤✮✮❤✮
The daffodils are blooming down the street. You know what that means: Preseason is almost here!
reply to them then!
Anyone been to the Amblin screening room on the Universal lot? I haven't, and I'm wondering if there are any cool sights along the way.
Swear to Moses of our game gets cancelled Friday imma douse myself in gas and light myself on fire
I really just need to get away from my life rite now and go some where nice
it's time to be a big girl now, and big girls don't cry.
RANDOM listening to Lovergirl by on my way to a gig. The arrangements are so damn dope!
Thanks for the shout-out, we look forward to working with you more.
Bout to get it in
that is so awesome.
ugh im so sick of this casey anthony crap... all of this media attention is precisely the reason that justice will not be served
Dear Opera companies, We've all heard Puccini's La Boheme, let's give #Leoncavallo a try. And I NEED more #Pagliacci !!!
I love my mommy. <3
#6 C-Sharp "Rubberband" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
yeah I'm done with it
#messagetomyhaters without your hate, the #smashbrothers wouldn't have made it this far so thank you!
Thinking of everyone in the area including Henryville!
it reinforces importance of pymnts for underbanked aswellas prepaid channel at retail RT What's your take on Walmart's move?
We make the donuts and deliver them to the most awesome on a regular basis, i.e. daily.
i want to eat , hungry lah !
thank you thank you
sore throat? whats happened? ;(
neither, it's just part of life now. Like bathing, eating and sleeping.
Pres.#Reagan's jelly bean character test:"You can tell a lot about a man's character by whether he picks out one color or grabs a handful."
I like it too. I love doing research, and this allows me to do it in bite-size pieces ... although it's easy to gorge!
stop being bad lol
Really hope Hopkins/Dawson II isnt a joke tonite. Hope Hopkins comes to fight.
I love everyone .
I've been to 3 times in the last 18 hours. I really don't know what I'd do without that place.
From now on, 'Gordon Bombay' will be my answer to every "Can you recommend a ..." request I get from a listserv
no email received last one was about dermastore.... Which I ordered my stuff from YAY!
Come to Fabio Tavares da Silva's 3:30-5 Klein Technique class today! Located at Susan Klein's studio in Tribeca (60 Beach Street, 4A).
Bitter Sober's new album is finally here! Get in touch with Bitter Sober on their facebook page and find out how to get your copy!
Happy Hour starts now aka the weekend starts now Milwaukee!
never too old, that's just a bad attitude! I gotta do me, so I'm on it. You're more than welcome to join, but I won't bug.
New Moon comes out Fri. What could be better than that?
Im tryin to handout wit oomf
I want to hear more of your opinions on it. Who would not like it? What did you really enjoy or not enjoy?
What I miss today? Aren't you friends with Jen, who I love?
it ain't no thang ;) aha
Belmont Station student says he would not like to see FLES taken away just because of budget cuts.
let's go get some frozen yogurt
nope. it ends where i would expect it based on where it starts, but it starts somewhere random. it's like a ghost cursor.
what the fuck
REMINDER: We are CLOSED until the NEW YEAR! Merry Christmas!
it was the best concert ever :) I was so jealous of the one less lonely girl haha :) xx
I've had a stomach ache for 2 days now. This is a bit more than nervous stomach I'd say
Omg i just saw the new fall lineup for CW. So many changes.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others
OK, can't lie... Totally bawled over the end of American Idol tonight.
#ImMadBecause you haven't talked to enough people today about #RonPaul and there are several states voting tomorrow.
scared money dont make no money if I ever go broke ima take yo money.
So true. RT ": No one cares unless you're pretty sick or dying"
Very nice! We'll put that in our list of references for future design possibilities. Thanks for sending the photo link!
Andrew Zimmern loves fermented raccoon anus, but won't touch walnuts or horchata. Give him a break!
Blues at 9am at the CCTB Annual Meeting.
COUNCILLOR RALPH COOK AIDING N ABETTING CRIMINAL NEGLIGENCE? MAY 2011
I have! 2 1/2 years ago. I am very glad I did.
On the cool. I kind of want to get a tattoo. I probably won't but it'd be nice lol
#RealFriendsDont Date You Ex's If They Really Care About You.
Can't waitRT : Boston Accessiblity Conference 2012 will be Sept 15 at Mark your calendars!
Oh what a night!!!!!
RIP #dick Clark--- a true american and a true pioneer. Thanks for the memories
We have a brand new website! Please check it out www.collinsink.com
Q. what's the best club in this city ? A. Everybody know its Da
I'm about to turn this game off!! I can't do it...
Wonder of Physics gives live version bicycle wheel demonstration. It works!
My life would be so incomplete without
Why did I have that dream.
I need something that will motivate me to actually go to school these last 3 weeks
Re-dying my hair. :3
finna slide by this molly party on the auc...... uh oh!!!
can anyone recommend a good jewelry store here in San Diego besides Tiffany's
thanks for watching :)
what do you mean? what WIM nonsense?
RT : The gap in the nation's income widest since 1928 The following yr, Great Depression began-That's why we
#IfWereWereTogetherRightnow, we'd so be cuddling. You know how I am about rain being cuddle weather lol
yes, please!
Check us out! We are from San Diego too!
for the record, I still hate u for doing that to me
a good cassarol always wins over a crowd.
Looking forward to attending Toast of Hockeytown this evening.
Altho I will tell you I have watched the last four eps of #Once and they're very good.
yup 100 percent i already asked my mom
You too!
Great game cuz! Had lots of fun spending time with you & auntie this summer.
My memory isn't the best but I prayed about it heavy and I will be purchasing beets after my test (gross)
Ha, we do alright on this side of the camera.
That is funny. He probably forgot it was on his list when he saw yours.
lol dang been a rough month for Harden.. But looking on the bright side at least she didnt hook up w/
Best of luck in your Career, you would have loved it in KY.
hey where are you
okay ill hit you up
Follow my band! We have a name now and they are a lot more interesting than I am!
Come see us at Playland tomorrow, it will be a fun night!
grab me a piece! LOL
Thank you! Love you too!❤ RT : Happy Mothers day to & !! Love you both<333
Cool! What punk bands? Any recommendations from your playlist.
Trying to be all "Don't Worry, Be Happy", but I'm just a big ball of nerves, thinking about what awaits me tomorrow.
yea prbly not goin to happen but wish you luck
Congrats on promotion to VP! Just applied for NBC News Comm. Coordinator. Would love to add my expertise & enthusiasm to your team!
Y'all are goofy as hell! lol.
trust me, ppl will ALWAYS be making babies....it is inevitable bc u can't stop "mistakes" from happening lol
So it's OWS folks not #millionhoodie marchers?
I followed funny facts for u can u please follow me please please I really want u to
Weight Watchers Dark Chocolate Carmel ice creams....YUM!! omg...these r my fav - don't even taste like diet food!! :)
Leah neck was sweaty lbs
RT - The player rep for free agent QB David Garrard said Wednesday that his client is not signing with
awww, it's not that bad.
when you love someone and all they talk about is how in love with someone else they are💔
If you love Hello Kitty and are not watching America's Next Top Model this very second, you. are. missing. out.
Filming all day tomorrow YUP
it's tough. gave everyone their own tasks and tried to set mini-deadlines. important to know each person's skills, too.
thanks for the follow...never an extra charge for emergencies,holidays,nights&weekends..27/7...born & raised in Olinville
RT : Love new #Gingham restaurant in #LaMesa. Great atmosphere, food, drink, and service... As expected
who do you want to win the superbowl??????
Last night in my city
Hey there Ellen! Doing great here; Dev and I just got back from a vacation in the GA mountains. Hope you're well too!
When I closed my eyes last night, saw streaming lines of #mkesnow; woke up today to more, gently coming down!
LeBron took Carmelo's soul on that block.
two more days till Daytrader, Daylight, Seahaven at Unit Six
Virginia profile rises in presidential contest
This week, I finished a 1st draft which I can't give details about, but has been making me cry and laugh. My best work ever.
what's wrong u good
Wow this is some nice weather for Florida. Loving it. It is a perfect 68.
Wife's a teacher & on maternity. The other day 1 of her parents mailed us Nutella cookies. Eatin them now, thinkin about the 3 mil.
Think,limitations R only Ur fears,so Conquer
Defensive clinic going on right now at MSG!!
long day tired af
Sure is QT : Is Joshua Ledet still on American Idol?
Small city, big dreams
My heart is beating fast for the celtics
HAH! Maybe a bust of that guys face??
Watching #blackswan w friends. Realizing that white people have really complicated lives.
Oh yeah, is open today. Shop there, then go to and get a macaron with SPARKLES ON IT (I know, right??)
Black tea may prevent the body from absorbing fat from food, a study in the journal Nutrition reports. Adding milk may inhibit fat-fighting
a bigger challenge means more (and more difficult) setbacks
Have you seen these shows where Gordon Ramsay yells at people?
Excited for Oregon stamp unveil on Wednesday. Wonder what Oregon look like to postman?
Off to Constitution High for a 2nd session w/ History Club students. Helping us work out how best to offer primary sources online.
Cattle Call Queen ascends rodeo throne
My 5 year old daughter just fell in love with a 67 camaro with dual exhaust. Her eyes twinkled and she was drooling.
cypress hill and tribe called quest should do an album
Job #1 down
#YOLO Jacksonville : Jacksonville takes a punter. #YOLO”
We're you at church?
Strike em out! Throw em out!
Oh! Then why does everything not go back to normal? I must have a pretty strong sense of imagination. Not a daydreamr tho! :-)
Thanks for supporting Latino chat today!
LOL work on that strut girl!
Thanks for coming out to see us and our wonderful guest!
there's always another chance Dr Walker God bless
Girl Scout Cookies!!!! That is all.
hahaha sucks for you;)
Get your orders in EARLY!Print schedule is filling up!Start your orders on our Facebook,or call 720-542-6105...I'm answering the phones!
but it could be "how to get out of the holes?" aka stop the cycle that you might fall into...start by (insert game?here)
Dan Wheeler is too good for AA, so there's that.
I 100% agree
$earching for a degreed Credit Analyst candidate in Prince George's County, MD w/ min 5 years exp. $end resume to
.....hence the magic in FRONT of the camera :)
Need an #oomf lol everyone else has one...
": Good times catching up with the legendary this evening" Yep, great night!
“: Phoenix Suns fans...thank you thank you thank you...you're far too kind.” class act/professional
It's not often that I take a break from working but I so need to get back to #couponing, #mealplanning &
answers all your engagement & wedding questions. Maybe they can help you plan for the #ultimateweddingpackage!
Thanks. To am changing. To my name to Johnnyboy :)
I've been at the 30 Rock offices for a few days but back to Redmond HQ tomorrow
#YouCuteAndAllBut you are rude and unreliable.
cannnnttt wait to see you all!
<silently miming> aperture pull! aperture pull!
Bound for Boston this morning via Chicago. Looking forward to seeing everyone at
My name is in the middle of eKWELIty
are you in DC cuss its actually not that bad... Been worse recently.
Today I'm going to go twice as far, in the half the time, using a quarter of the energy. How that is going to happen, I have no idea.
Brandt Westing ( Viz Lab research engineer) explains that the Kinect isn't the best device, but is just part of the equation
alright just text me
With all the fires in Texas, I'm sure no one will have trouble finding a light, here on 4/20.
Yea I can ask my emcee if he is down for you to be on that one too! I think he said he already has it all written for that!
we love <3
Glad you're interested! What kind of e-learning do you rock?
Hello my love <3
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Mountain Dew is nasty
They are getting nice. Should be great by the time y'all get here!
Wouldn't it be nice if we were older so we wouldn't have to wait so long
Thank you! It was a great kicker to a weekend of Snarkmarket hangouts.
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore - You're an ass
Getting to school & realizing you don't have gymshoes. So you run home and make it back before the bell. I love living next door to school!
Is everything under control in your 'hood?
Bout to see what the fam did on this beat!!
I wish she will open her eyes to whats right in her face and move on!
“: "this isn't how we taste" - swedish fish” (:
I haven't really talked to her at al :o smh at myself
STOP complaining, your focus on failure is annoying. Have fun in the hole. I’m not coming down there. If u want out, reach. U deserve it.
While I still suspect that I'm over #Glee, the mullets on the hockey players are a pretty funny touch.
What u on bro?
There's something to be said about people you see succeed after failing over and over. And that is they suck really bad at hiding failure.
wow that looks way cool!
#ThingsIHate Buckled feet! Please cover those talons! Lol
awww why? U don't have to tell me. But if u want to tell someone u can tell me!
Nobody can beat The cheese right ??
AppleTV software upgradable or all new device only? The current does 1080p so why not?
my wife's making your Cream Cheese Pound Cake right now! We've got 5 minutes left on the timer. Can't wait!
How could I forget?
I HEARD IVY ROOFTOP ON THURSDAYS IS NOW WHAT IT IS!!!!! HOLLA AT THE FAM TO GET YOUR PARTY BOOKED
Congrats to on being named a #40Under40! cc
RT : Scotter!!!! You sitting ring side next to Diddy and Denzel? < lol yea, cuz I'm a boss! ;)
The fantastic Susan Werner will be in Prairie du sac WI this Friday .Wisconsin: it's not just about the cheese,
Flagstar accepted a post dated check 3 days before it was dated for last week and fucked me over huge!!
Had a wonderful time performing at BCMfest this past weekend. Thank you to everyone involved.
10 Tablas Creek Esprit de Beaucastel Blanc. Close to the French thing with less spice. Crisp, clean, big citrus & florals. 89 pts
Hey , wrote about us in her hot-off-the-press column for the SD Press Club's FogHorn newsletter. Thank you, !
Boggs has pitched well this season (until tonight). Romero is the only one that's been crappy, but they like to have 2 LHP
Still at Sawgrass? I'm ready for happy hour..see you soon.
What is your favorite line of beauty skin care products at this time? curious...
Im hungry >.<
When I watch old movies/shows I like to yell "JUST CALL THEIR CELL PHONE, DUMMY!" I'm so technologically superior.
If you are a hugger, I celebrate you on today. Keep being you!
i missed you too! <3
Q2: Wish there was a way to have both e-ink and color screens on one device.
Nothing else i'd rather be doing than laying with 💜
Good idea. I'll do that. Thanks Jillayne!
I'd buy 5 VWs right now if I could because of that dog
tried to tweet you last night. Great debate. Seems like as a group the republicans can win the election! Fox took them to school
OMG that looks pretty convincing! we actually look kinda cute together :)
Miss you, too!
The boy must be having a blast with their time off since they never really tweet anymore.Especially :/
I'm so excited AH SHEKEOEHVEWKOEHSEB
Saw a Motorcycle Accident on Airways on my way Home. Doesn't look Good at all.
Eating dinner
o wat song
There's now a motion on the floor to allow Council members who did not attend training can vote and if reps can be 'ejected' from meeting.
Bring it Back!!!
A pleasure! The crew was delightful.
217 Push ups is definitely my limit for a 30 minute period. My chest is tight and my arms are tired! Time to pass out
Will Tiger come from 2 back to win the FedEX Cup today ?
One more thing; who finished their career more strongly, Malone or Kemp?
Elliot Williams just went NBA JAM in the Rose Garden. HE"S ON FIRE!!!
hey colb play some run joe tommorrow chuck brown
Nothing at the moment. I'm studying for a test. :-/
I thought it was Fulton Street Sessions with a higher budget.
RT - is following me! Definitely an inspiration to get to the gym more..
you loved it stfu! “: Omg those idiots sang happy birthday to me and it's not my birthday ._.”
hey I'm now following you :-)
its kinda wierd seing all those ppl tweet every minute when i have nuttin to tweet bout:PP:(
Bummer!!! Sad you didn't get to be there when we played!
So, "Mickey," who did 8 years in a psych ward and "just got back to Chicago on Sunday", decides to board my train and ask for – wait – $0.25
George French Fox tell's the $10k Romney story 4 times as much the Liberal Media. Why? why? $$$!
I'm a little too excited to go see & for cma fest... WHOMP WHOMP
the real motto: I'm not lazy i just prefer sleeping
We kept hearing from locals that the Eagles Ballroom was a dump while in Milwaukee. Us Cali boys disagree- fucking awesome venue!
follow back?
#AlmostAlwaysTrue When someone says "no", it means "no", not "ask again".
There is no downpour of the Holy Spirit (Joel 2:28-29) without shutting down business as usual (Joel 1:13-14). "AFTERWARDS I'll pour..."
Nobody's seen it, but if it turns up, I'll let you know. And Justin says hi.
I Believe
RT : How in the hell did we end up w Boxer Reid and Franks! There are some really stupid Americans!>pretty sad !!!
Walking to the symphony and it's still light out. #heyspring. Also, some weird modelling shoot at Doug sahm hill
Prepping for a lunch meeting at Alcenia's. Can't wait to see one of the hardest working women in Memphis & eat the best soul food!
Excuse my outbursts, when it comes to buffet items I'm a bit of a brute. A Spooner
Who trying to chill this weekend
I was LOL so hard as was talking with my sister in law at the time as my hubby tried to catch the bird with his hands, a mop, a broom :)))
Blueberry-Pomegranate tea sounds good right now.
Ed Walker kicking off to a packed house!
The Team has a big event tonight. We are celebrating Maria's 10 yr Wedding Anniversary! It will be great way to start the wknd
working on a lot of new music stay tuned............
Hey--there will be a podcast, but it will be posted tomorrow. Computers in the shop & I'll be using tablet. Thx 4 patience!-gp
Haha more to come man...more to come... RT : thanks for having good shit to play!
Watching "Gettysburg" with getting ready for our re-enactment trip. Lord help me!
just one of THOSE days, yup...one of those days..
“KMF: Keep Moving Forward” What gets you #motivated?
I found out MiamiU had a hockey team when BU beat them at the Verizon Center a few years ago to win Frozen Four ;)
thanks for showing love to CaLegion girl :)
I am in love with
Gonesh is going to be hosting a Black Friday Sale next week!! Keep your eyes peeled for some sweet deals you'll be very thankful for ;)
you should go become an Abercrombie&Fitch model :)
thank you!
Wide awake. Need that one thing that makes me fall asleep. Oh well.
But the Venus Rising from the Sea float, with her half-reclining in the rosy folds of a seashell, was appallingly indecorous.
Just got home from my chorus concert... it was great singing with the high school chorus!!! i want to sing constantly now!! :)
Glad you're aiming high.
Yes, and a lot of good beer. Will have news re Barley's Angels for you after this.
#MusicWasBestWhen it wasnt all about sex, money & drugs
be yourself cause everyone else is already taken.
yes go into hills with speed and high gear and than down shiflt as you go up.. exp. rider from SF to LA
Can you PLEASSEE do a cover of "Edge of Glory" if you haven't already?! You would make me soo happy if you did!! :))<3
missing math was a bad idea!!
The answer to last week's Word of the Day "Demonstrable" means capable of proof.
yay...depressed...who cares.
I can't wait till cinco de mayo!!!!!!!
Are you going to his recital? I have two tickets and as of today no date.
Well that just through a wrench in my plans...
Thx for the MT!
By Love and Art Scarred will be screening on May 10th 2:45pm at the Swansea Bay Film Festival, UK
Graduating in December? Live on campus at NYU (WSQ)? Did you know you can stay on campus this Spring? Email us for info:
just been busy
WOW! Big, busy day at the Seso office. Looking forward to sharing the news soon! How was everyone else's day?
Riley been bad all morning......
nope just a little camera trick. I wanted to get a snap of my new jean jacket... It's light wash 80s trashy and I'm obessed.
Had meeting with my new soccer team last night. First parent question: "Are you Canadian?" Guess I need to work on my drawl.
The best! RT : I'm thankful for a beautiful sunny day that I can spend with my kids.
hi florian ;) how are u today?
could you teleport that chocolate cake to me? Please?
I love it I love it #shots of cruzan
uh yea.
Coworker blasts Sade & then leaves the facility. F that guy.
I love it! And hear you...
Nice is a broadcaster for the #UFC fights tonight!
booty meat dwn
He's 23...he has plenty of time to grow up. Seriously, what were you doing at 23? Winning the Stanley Cup? Getting the GWG?
ready for a tearjerker...
break out the dancin shoes for again!
I think it is a work of art.
Working on concepts for Jamo Transportation
And I can think of a thousand reasons why.... I don't believe in you.
If your company is interested in a great exposure opportunity let me know, I have a great event that can add a sponsor.
Follow i will follow you! Must also follow me, but hit up
it could be cute lol getting the right colors. Getting married at night and having a cloth sunset lol
will you still be up!?
Spring break camp was good today! Only wish they did different things on each day & had longer hrs for working parents...
Is it time to go home yet or?
thank you #elimanning and #newyorkgiants for beating #miamidolphins division rival
Since Im always on the go, do your new website have a mobile version for those who use there smartphones or blackberry?
lol no John, that's not what I'm saying at all haha
Just curious do you keep a library of DVDs that Playboy models have appeared in cuz The Pool Boys is out on Blu Ray!
Only reason I like the voice is for !
did u post this just to get some Twitter attn from #BBN ?
Austin has a skillshare. Do we have in one in ABQ?? Need to learn somethin.'
I was surprised... but no, she was not! The baby was a beautiful baby girl ;)
waiting for it to be an acceptable time to go to sleep.
Im sure it will go well
OK, fair enough.
: without you! you are definately one of our favorite ladies!
JAY HAY DA MAN! RAISE IT!
Yessir! RT : see you at the game!
I wore it better, even if wer not wearing the same thing.
Pink Dryer Lint: Calendar Scribbled Upon By Child
Lots of rides boomin' Beasties in the NY streets today. Ode to Adam.
brightened my day in York, PA earlier today! Thanks for chatting and for following my trek!
Just went skateboarding for the first time in 3 years. landed a kickflip. I feel accomplished. hahah
It's THAT day again. Poop.
Ugh ! it just went off . that one was Short to me (: lmfaooooo
Listening to some music
Different kind of folk dance referencing (I'll say) at.Nokia for that Greek songster Yanni. On same day as Mark Morris's Greek allusions.
Q4 as you understand it, what is the job and what interests you the most? Very telling if everyone is on the same page.
Celebrating another successful Local #ChefChallenge! Cheers!
I think Remote for iPhone can control iTunes with Sonos over wifi. I built a computer for this (not Sonos), but Remote works well
Kids being so cute and quiet. I am still waiting in bed for breakfast. #HappyMothersDay!
I love lists! however I trade the coffee for energy sludge :)
Election Day is only 4 months away! Help support real change in West Baltimore!
Did you know? pickwick lake is at the northern end of Tenn Waterway...extends all the way to Gulf of Mexico.
I wish Rupaul had a "Cool gay-race" cuz I would sure win! Lmao
-- Mine as well Sir
Gut says Cal for both. May come down to how badly they want to play together. Ducks have a much better shot at Arik than Shaq IMO.
Incarnation. Not above us, but with us.
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, any questions just aks me and please spread the word! :)
New week, new goals, new results. Time to get after it!
MSMQ: It is necessary to treat modeling as more than a technical topic. But it unavoidably a technical topic.
I might be a asshole but ion take no shit..
Awesome! Glad you like. :)
To coffee or not to coffee? To coffee. Period.
Every time I hear album, I lose all track of time. Their voices and words completely mesmerize me every time.
aye #winnin I had a coupon u coulda used.
man im bored..
Back at you!
my life has changed, I am now an iPad owner. how sad.
Merry Christmas Mya. Thanx for your help. GOD bless.
sadly no :( i can't even go to the concert when they'll be in my city July 28th 2013 :(
Lobster and a pitcher of sangria with the parents has me chill will on my couch ha RT : where you at fool?!
Come on HEAT...Make us proud!
Absolutely, and that we are a GLOBAL community! Retweeted for the "other side" consideration. Thanks for the initial share!
Well, since my #Bobcats are out of it, I will be cheering on the #OSU #Buckeyes tonight! #GoBucks!
Be careful on those nuts and candies during the holidays! Sugarless gum works in a pinch to keep those crowns in place. Just sayin.
-- Excited about my new Keen Arroyo's Pedal Shadow's. Finally a great shoe for walking/light hiking and riding!
Today's Marketing Team Skills: Digital Native, Analytical, Reach, Content Creators.
it would be great if you would follow me back? Please follow back? :D <3
"#perkins is the first place I encountered a #fingerbowl"
Good Morning Fans and Friends! What was the best part of your weekend?
I was just flipping channels and believe it or not Fox News of all people are discussing Homeless Hotspots and the ethics of it.
I finished #DesperateHousewives 15 minutes ago and Im still crying
O LORD, you have searched me, and you know me. Psalm 139:1 God knows what we need. A Christian rehab offers hope to the broken.
Who's awake?
Good luck to Jack the Elder! “: Vet believes will only get worse. Decided for surgery. Happening now.”
College Football has a listing in Webster's under the word "Scam"
Crossing my fingers the brewers can pull a w
Does your dentist have marshmallow-flavored flouride? I didn't think so.
