GET IT!!! So happy for you.
we should! (:
Wait do you mean the state or the street??I live near that street too!!:)
between these and FB, I barely have time to work....kidding kindof
he's from Ghana, they made him Jamaican because they felt he'd be better accepted
I'm working the midnight showing of #twilight on thursday as projectionst. So don't piss me off or ill start your movie late! Go
Oh no not a vuvuzela
Coffey tonight at the Dream Center!!!!!
yea I think not ;)
Story of my life! RT Another solid round spoiled by two off holes, I need to put together a full 18 one of these days.
Your hands are vehicles of contamination. #don'touchme
What u thinkin boutRT : Ain't even thinkin bout sleep right now
mind blown. How much time will this save?
no actually im very adorable thank you very much
"All men are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality." --Dr. Martin Luther King
My baby has his first ear infection. NOT a milestone we're celebrating. Hopefully his new Yo Gabba Gabba doll makes it a little bit better.
I want the / Rebecca Minkoff giveaway!
lol. Yeah, the days of relevance for NME ended with The End of 90s Britpop.
Just talked some #FSU conference realignment with Be on the lookout for the podcast later!
Matt LaPorta who knew.
dat whole email u could of saved it.
not much, how are you? :)
One man says: "b/c of Sunhara we have many new programs in our village. The women are more advanced and are learning a lot"
The weekend is almost here again! What movies are you excited to go see?
Aaaannnnd Animal House is up on the iPad. Thanks for the time suck! :)
What happened to DevEatEmRight ?? 😔
“: thats the way it should be. Give these hoes no love lol.” - all that superficial shit holds no place in my life
10 more days left of school...
I lost myself lookin for you
Grizzlies be kickin' ass!
win a spot at the private event. #1DNewEnglandContest my dream though
Gobble, Gobble y'all!!
i left a glass of wine outside. gnat holocaust
RT : And incest isn't a great genetic strategy! > yeah, was a problem for the pharaohs! (how are you?)
welcome back to the Chi Luk ...
That awkward moment when your alone with the guy you like
“: #Aries would rather be spontaneous than plan, so life with them will be full of change and possibility.” true
You are a character ...there is no one youer then you..
What should I do for my bday
well, you're the one who suggested it was "our" Post, so why knot? Besides Pershing never lived on Post while he was COS
Son I think me you dee and Brandon the only ones that listened to DSR lol
North Carolina beach in 3 weeks... yes
I wonder
Hi Gina, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
RT: : Just be yourself and let that be your guide. <~~ & if people don't like you, don't let them in your life.
Your RT this to win link is broken :( but I really wanna RT and win!
I would like a pineapple. I'll have to go to the shop!
are you sure it's not your ears that hurt from my terrible singing?
If you put a period after a joke on Twitter, it feels like a cheesy rimshot
I love the feeling when I stretch and my whole body goes numb and relaxed.
And #SDSU falls to NC State...
doing great what have you been up to?
sorry guys i don't tweet alot on this account go follow my other one lol lo sorry
stop with your bullshit, already. leave me tf alone.
": A total of 51,545 mail ballots have been received by this office by yesterday. On pace for a 30% turnout."
Electric word, life; it means forever and that's a very long time.
Our Jazz will be on the 15TH from 7pm to 9pm! The next night we will have Flamenco Guitar from 7pm to 10pm!
Riighhhht...?!?! Ha. I don't need to go there to get followers. ;)
yes to give him more weapons not to replace anyone
Unreal! #Blagojevich is stopping at a burger joint. Guess you cant blame him for wanting to a) eat a last meal b) delay as long as possible
If you love Justin, Selena, Christian, Miley, or Demi I THINK YOU SHOULD FOLLOW ME BACK :) #FOLLOWBACK! <3 <3
I had no clue darren sutton and I were both full time supporters of
My hometown is on fire folks, Los Alamos, New Mexico. Heartbreaking
Grateful that I learned how to drive a moving truck this summer.
Little known fact: Madonna's biggest hit to date is "Take a Bow," a song written and produced by Babyface. It spent seven weeks at #1 in '95
(English Proverb) Use soft words and hard arguments.
Soglin says Lack of responsiveness will tell that little will be done in 2012.
lol why doe
Get DISH with sling-adapter so your kids at college can watch the home DVR free. No sense paying two bills, right? John - 350-6428
A fantastic breakfast with Perfect start to #gdc. I recommend his talk on Thursday at 11:30!
Sometimes , imiss being a little kid . :o
he just told me what he's making me for dinner. chicken alfredo with white wine. what the fuck?! im on the fancy shit!!
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Avoid instructions about your form that make you feel awkward or uncomfortable- let your body tell you what works and what doesn’t!
holy flippin canoodle is extremely sexy.
can't wait to see Ur concert
Me. "I'm not the most pure, nor am I the most kind hearted, but I do genuinely care about people." -
wyd this weekend?
Missed first half hour of glee but should be able to watch the rest.
god I bet you were up early! :L fun times eh? I'm not gonna be able to sleep! :(
Eyebrow threading is the worst pain !
haha yeah, I was leaning towards creeped out. How the hell did that even come up exactly?
Got to our event site an hour and a half early-and the mall isn't even open yet. What to do?!
Good morning everyone
Danny Wagstaff a sore finger still way better on guitar than me...twat!
If God had intended us to drink beer, He would have given us stomachs
": omg how was I ever best friends with you?"
No Job = No Problems.
OK. I'll follow for a while and see what's up. Thanks!
Nothing to do next Tuesday? Come and see one of your fellow students talk about their experiences studying overseas! 5pm in Hill (LeBow 240)
I enjoyed speaking to GWU MBA students last night about Goodwill and social media. Thx for your hospitality -
#Wranglers score first. Goal by 1-0
bc it's "unbiblical" lol. I'm WAITING for someone to say something negative about it in front of me. ;)
Online shopping is such a dangerous thing :X
aw. i hoped you had taken an interest in my well being.
PSA - the parking lot directly behind the building is now exclusively for our patrons. Happy parking.
Element seems like a poor man's version of Aria downtown. Had fun but they put the fog machine in the worst place. *cough* *cough*
RT : The City Planning staff lost would be 2 senior planners -- 2 out of 16.
a left-handed batter that can't hit anyone is always worse than a right-hander who maybe can't hit lefties.
Who would like to hire Rania Michael? librarian of egyptian descent...a progressive library is a diverse library
ultimately the capitalist system makes money on what sells. we have to starve it on both ends. End corn subsidies!
RT There is no "i" in team, but there is a "me" in meh.
“: shoot andy k & andy m a hey for me:) oh & hey u miss bizz. ;) #cltfood #savemeacupcakeplease” yum
Suit up NFL players! Hope you stayed in shape! #NFLLockout is over.
Christmas is NOT about us.
are you a bag of garbage, 'cause i'd like to take you out next wenesday ;)
It's unusual to see an alive raccoon walking down the middle of the road.
Looks like Norah Jones is returning with her friends/band The Little Willies for a new album! January couldn't come any sooner
but comfy, I bet!
or coughing in the studio during an interview? I say David.
but that's cool...I've got it reset to factory default and in the box ready to go
Wtf is up with these spidercrickets? Crazy ass bugs at the lake, yo.
Today Feb 1st 2011 is Launch Day! Our doors are OFFiCiALLY OPEN!
My parents told me that's why I even exist.
Time to reboot so I must lay it down.. Goodnite world../just wasnt my time intil now....Amen
Kimberley, I am trying to DM you but I can't until you follow me back.
Sometimes in life you just got to say "What the hell" and go for it.
awww, you just made my day. i love you to <3
Thanks! It is going to be so much fun!
Happy Saturday!
DA adds 3 more alleged victims to sex molest/false imprisonment charges against former SDPD officer. 8 total victims, 22 counts
That was sketchy..
one woman said all she wanted from a man was to have him 5'11" tall
Watching Hannah Montana on Netflix. I actually miss this show. :)
I believe people who DON'T have children do not have any business criticizing anyone's parenting. It's an idiotic thing to do.
sun filtering in on sunday morning, coffee and a book. i am suddenly overwhelmed by content.
um yes please!
takes one to know one, youngster.
that is sexxxay!
I have been obsessed with the coverage of Dick Clark's death..he helped so many of us appreciate all kinds of music...he was the best...RIP
When my dad tells me something and I tell him I already know and he continues to tell me anyways <<<<<<<,
Well, we made it through Monday, so that is a good thing. Good morning!
You might slowly win me over to using just one space between sentences, but you'll pry my Oxford comma from my cold, dead hands.
Congrats Phil on your 40th win on the PGA tour
Nate's numbers are also kind of inflated because he's had less at-bats and had all those hits in the doubleheader.
ready for #hurricanirene bring it on
One phrase I keep telling myself.."We're never given more than we can handle"
To lose one pound of
There are a lot of people who call you by your name...but there is only ONE person who can make it sound so damn special
1Wk Before NXBL Season Opener 5/28 Orlando Dragons vs Polk County Wildcats at Chain of Lakes Stadium, Winter Haven FL @ 7pm www.n-xbl.com
Ehh. Change my username or what ?
Yeah and I friended her too thinking it was you. It was definitely not you, just fyi.
I celebrate you! Big hugs : )
I'm still laughing when you said that shit look like a possum
Today's Password is "six million dollar man"
I'm sorry boo!
Just wanted you to say it! LOL
And I love you back, you're such an amazing friend and person!!! <3
HAPPENING TO ME RIGHT NOW
"who's my home girl on the end" Oh the things said at band
“To learn to #read is to light a fire; every syllable that is spelled out is a spark.” -Victor Hugo
Thanks for the mention!
Watching the Cowboys game in Austin to end out a great weekend!
Hi thanks for the follow!
and... again.. what does any of that have to do with the death of Trayvon Martin? Keep your eye on the ball, Richard.
I hate the Wings and I'll even say that they're going to win this one.
I had a good time, but I don't think as much as you did...lol
probably a good idea. my novel isn't working, maybe something more dense will do the trick at this point.
You rock #FF! Nuff said! Thanks!!!!
i'm so insecure that when people laugh in the hallway i feel hey are laughing at me...
If you're causing no harm then, you are alright with me
You mean the moon colony? Previous tweet is total fabrication but hoping to guilt him into it :)
anyone going be in cancun next week..... bi sub cd/ts girl alone on strip
like ambient noise to fall asleep to! Waves and wind and whales and whatnot haha. Its daytime where you're at huh?
Better to report issues yourself rather than an outside organization reporting it for you.
thank you! I managed to have a great one
ima need eryby at #NAHS to vote for prom queen !
Seeing movie tonight. Preparing myself to cry, esp. bc my boyfriend looks nearly identical to
HI everyone!!!
LOVE this
This blanket is so sofft >>>> :) #I'mLovinIt
Thanks for the RT today Kate! have a wonderful evening!
Still waiting for u to notice my tweets and someday choose to fallow! Lol. Have a great night! Peace!
Don't blast your girl to some you don't know
Send to receive.
don't let your following get too far ahead of your followers. Keep the numbers in sync. :)
last night was definitley inspiration to create a new raven today...who's sparkin up the protools?
For some reason Oprah's bff has been a guest on CBS morning news for months. She must be promoting something on oxygen channel.
i got hourly usage limit on my other acc -.- ~dannah
hey how are ya? Missed your tweets today:)
questions about what?
I dont see a beer in that picture?
If Vision can come from any level so can leaders RT : Can leaders come from any level?
“: Wow, why are u so hawt ” cuz Jesus loves me...I think lol
- Which was more hopeless, Grind'r or the food court at the mall?
Meta: fascinating to watch someone else do mid-level (c) education to library audience. Techniques, metaphors, even "stage persona"...
If all the rich people in the world divided up their money among themselves there wouldn't be enough to go around.
Two reassuring LA voices: Vin Scully and Chip Murray. Glad that both are going strong.
Just re-installed my computer from a FB virus. Went well, but what a lot of work!
but Mitch sucks
doing great!
you think you know who the guest tweeter is today? Who do you think I am?
Rudy Gay though he to real
no chance in the NBA. Too slow, knees r gone“: Love to see Hummel in a Cavs uniform. kids a winner. and a shooter. #cavsneeds”
ah thanks “: following me gone weak at the knees”
Tomorrow's Beagle Bash will go on as planned according to Beagle Rescue of Southern Maryland (BRSM), Inc. Hope to see you there!
love that!!
the video I sent u :) It is about many thing that is just one :)
I'm excited for the weekend 😊
I just blinked
Follow ? il list 20x!
We're gonna save the world tonight
It's under Step 1 ... to get your stats printed on the cards select it as a Preferred Network or get the badge
Talk stupid, hate on me it ain't nun but motivation
Please it 11:11 follow me? And I just said I hope you come true!<3 xoxo
#extremereunion the REAl extreme this weekend
People at #scholarlyattrib who want to know more about VIVO may want to check out #vivoifest12 (in progress today, albeit w/o many tweets)
#bgt cupcakes and cornflake cakes with
Welcome to #Creative Good! Any questions, give a shout. Best, Jeff cc
Spanish party tomorrow n I cant bring #Shidd :/
my mom survived thyroid cancer... 7 years ago
the halls were not completely closed. There were housing options for over the break, but it was up to the student to take them.
started playing guitar then some odd little girl started staring at me thru my window o.o
everybody that lives in Dallas Tx. go to the show w/ IFAF, Dream On, Dreamer on the 29th at The Door!
“: Nike asks him if it's ok to do it.”
his most just died :(
thank you! We WILL see u in 2012!
Almost at my gf house
It's crazy how many GREAT people I know. It surprises me each and every day :)
The number of friends updating their Google+ accounts dropped from three to one. Pretty sure Google+ isn't much longer for this world.
that was really disturbing. i didn't know my little cousin was like that. aha creepy ass kid
Go to bed lol (:
who would? #poisonchalice seeing as only the league title is good enough for the fans and UCL is only good enough for owners
My mother, my friend so dear. Throughout my life you are always near. A tender smile to guide my way. You are the sunshine to light my day.
Nope, still went to Loyalty Day in Reedsburg to pay tribute to all our past and present service members! They marched on anyway!
CNN blurb at bottom.....Facebook dumps 20,000 underage users a day
Are you familiar with the book entitled The Courageous Follower?
Gnat still in my office today. It has seemingly followed me to the kitchen, to my car and back. Beginning to feel more like a King novel.
yay! U unblocked me!:D lmfao
good umm we can just chill at your house i guess and watch netflix or somthing but im going running after school so after that
Mind over matter , regardless of the matter...
Lakers support head coach Brown after Magic's prediction
Scallops -- parsley root / sea beans/ lemon / crispy horseradish / sturgeon roe
“: #np "Two Occasions" - The Deele.”>>>classic
Hell yea 12 pack of pb cookies for $1
In Hall H waiting for ! Been waiting for this all day!!
hey at least you win the "first pork-based injury of the year" prize
Here's a toast to laying close.
Prom Season is upon us!! Call us for all your prom needs! Eyelash Extensions, Spray Tan, Makeup and of course HAIR!!
Why cant driver communicate? RT Apparently there's unscheduled track work on the Blue/Orange lines.
Anybody from itsmy
Mid 70's for the last 5 days! San Diego weather is the real deal!
i'm big time now. didn't you know?
Too the bitches who call me names think im a home wrecking whore . IM FLAWLESS AND U JUST JEALOUS. DUSTING U BITCHEZ OFF MY SHOULDER
woo!!! I love IM5!!!!!!! Love you Gabe hope you get Famous onedya!!!! <3
WE HAVE BOYS LRG!!!
Teaching Teenas son how to be a monster. :)
a little bra.....i just wanna ride w the top down, n smoke weed w my nigggass
Got new trucks and a fisheye 😃
Is anyone going to the Pop Up Dinner at Fenway Park with this week? We are excited to be going! Hope to see you there.
Ted should suck on some anti-psychotic medications.
thank you so much:) spread the word
Hate my effing phone
They said "The Freaks Come Out At Night" lolololol - Watch chaself!
Thanks Isaac, appreciate the kind words and excited about the addition!
One time for my beloved #Chase. *holdstrong *roughroadahead
: but commercials Lol
Getting ready for work.
it's cool of you want Saturday's but way you got to lie bro
left wing/right wing - both meaningless cliches.
#hungergames best movie I've seen all year. #oscarbuzz?
Nice win #Ravens...Happy Monday Baltimore!
Up early heading to SWEAT to start the holiday weekend off right. Then college football all weekend.
I'm an idiot that's what. You probably already know everything lol
So glad i have Caitlin to keep you all updated :) <3 IM SLACKIN! hahah love you all nebraskan directioners :) -G!
Skinny-dipping in non-private pool, late, on a dark night - foolhardy, or fine? (Looking for a bit of support to bolster my impulse.)
My mom got mad at me for yawning
I hate Comcast.
Glad to follow back!!
Just met reps from Japan, China, Finland, and Canada at the #ccid2012 global arena! Looking forward to new partners
Are you aware a TEAM of fellows helped Thomas Edison invent the light bulb? Absolutely it was a breakthrough team.
Situation in Jakarta just like the stronghold game..
how can I check out your apps?
usally i would be but i stayed home and people are coming over so i had to clean my kitchen.
#FF to #wedding tweeps for the start of wedding season:
Supposed to be sunny again all week (:
Yep! I saw it last week...and made angry. Will prolly see it again this w/e with my sister. Loved it!!
shout out twitter
ABSOLUTELY! And, thank you as well!
#1 Scotty "fade away" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
peace here on Sunday and roll to NC for a couple days. I'll be back to the city next wed
Hey Michael! Thanks for the follow!
good stuff. I guess you got a new twitter! Haven't seen Chance in a min...
Have to admit, that was a gutsy 4th quarter effort from the #Celtics. Wow. Tons of credit due Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett.
Then he'd be 5 Chainz. Don't you actors know math?
In 47 states you can practice interior design without a license. In the other 3 (and DC) it requires an average of 2100 hours of training.
Does anyone have a scan of Quine's "Reply to Morton White?"
ack! giving a presentation using prezi... in 17 minutes!
I think about more than I forget Always sayin the right things
The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord
LOL!! girl bye, I wish you had a video lol
New install at South Point Casino, Empire game near Grandview bar
Looking forward to this one! RT : Prepping up Chris Bosh for tomorrow's Jim Rome is Burning. ESPN2 4:30pm EST/1:30 PST.
The feeling is mutual :)
geez, with all this icing in the first period I feel like I'm in a bakery... #bad hockey/pastryjokes
The Golden Eagles were led by three runs from Bryan Clemmons, two RBI from Kyle Meadors and DH Cameron Norris' 3-for-3 plate performance.
Love spelled backwards is evil "evol" -Patrick
*beats head on desk* oh monday, why you gotta do me so wrong?
There is nothing less cool than Jeremy Scott Adidas shoes
Likewise!! You guys are great.
The boy, agreed. "Be careful. That's what he says," he refers to old man. So, now I'm having lunch, glad I got the exercise, but really...
Understand Ur Girl's Silence, Because Sometimes It's Her Loudest Cry.
Have to take this big ol' book to school.
With the #Knicks looking terrible right now...trick shot pool is looking way more entertaining
Don't let the wintry weather get you down! We've got baclavas, cold weather cycling gloves & wind & weather proof gear. Stay warm!
This is the continuation of something big. 4 more years of better schools and city services. That's what citizens want and need. Join us.
What a beautiful afternoon. We are no longer scheduling repairs for this week. We can schedule your repair for next week.
I know.
#RedSox auctioning autographed 1912 unis worn vs yanks in the 100th anniv game. $3000 souvenir from blown 9 run lead game? Nope.
you should audition for #Sytycd for real, your a great dancer, you can do this, that's why you are a heroe!!
I'm sure it will :) Just enjoy the energy rush and productivity while you can!
SHAME ON NORTH CAROLINA FOR MONDAYS VOTE....!!!!! WAKE UP GAYS....STOP VISITING NORTH CAROLINA.......!!!!!!!
Yes, hope this ends soon enough. Have you found anything out about who they're after?
has endorsed Falk. MTI has not made an endorsement in the Gov race.
R.i p whitney houston will always be remember as a legend
were you behind Kmart, next to LA Fitness? It's in Suite 100.
yes he was
RT : How'd you like to score an agent in 30 days? Learn the secret from expert Join our live stream TONIGHT 4PST/5MST/7EST
Phineas And Ferb Been On Summer Break For 3 Years Now Oms Wish I Was Them
come to OR
"Well, I wish I was a catfish. Swimming in the whole deep blue sea. I'd have all you good lookin' women, sho enough come swimming after me."
Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams
A doc that popped yesterday in the #AGvHT case suggests some of the author plaintiffs are "too busy" to participate! Salamanca included.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dr. Fresh Floss Holders and most oral care products.
... platform choices, I mean. Thx.
How d fuck do we miss dat shot!
you couldnt see me but I was watching..I LOVE YOU!!
Oprah and Meryl Streep are both dressed as #Oscars tonight.
hahah yeah I bet! I did too though I was hunnnngyyy!
I wouldn't mind seeing the #Yotes man up at least ONCE in this series.
Hopefully with my boy tonight<3
fine , and you
Awe! Thank you!
Yes, am seeing it tonight. They do a mighty nice opening reception too.
we have such exciting lives
I've seen team rules that included "don't cook fish in the microwave". Again, necessary?
Agreed. Very moving! “: My favorite song was "Stay". Gorgeous voices and great song. I even got tears eyed.”
hey! my skype name is jgarman000 can't seem to find you!
There's no better way to look at life than that
"Plaxico Burress returns home to his family, accidentally shoots them"
MALL - FOOD COURT (6PM TIL 9PM) handing out flyers for the FREAKNIC MANSION PARTY - THIS FRIDAY NIGHT - (ADDRESS INFO ON THE FLYER)
Let's go Tiger!!
If ur a music lover....follow
Blue Lagoon featured in Seventeen Magazine Gift Guide.
last Thursday of 2010! have a great day!
My parents are nice, they'll late a friend stay over for a whole month if they're having problems they understand.
in the gym bored
: Easy enough to write a template release and drop in the name if they're picked...
I've been running 1 mile at a time at PT since the fall. I started running 4 miles a couple weeks back. Increasing days&miles
Snappy suit!
Last night I couldn't sleep due to the wind and my house creakin' like whoa, today it's 200 public square's turn to creak in the wind. scary
nothin I did DM u cause u was suppose give me a good s/o cause u gave me a weak s/o but dnt worry bout it no more
Scary cleats up slide by Myers...e-gats.
ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER $ LIFE IS GOOD !!! REP N DA HEADS THAT WANNA GLOW & GIVE N EM A HIT OF THIS FLY SHIT ! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
Man, I love college. Congrats bro
OMG a mi tanbien:)
not even!
Sir take a nap and get off twitter haha
Migraine no bueno!
Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar
People will be surprised at how balanced the film is. Walker's a tool, but some left-wingers act a fool in the film also.
At 6 pm, the VA House is only on budget amendment #65; judicial vacancies need to be filled. Looks like it'll be a long night in Richmond.
RT : Listening to Rachel Dratch's memoir on audio. It is GREAT. Now want to be her best friend.
it was fun! Lots to talk to u ab.. Remind me to tell u ab Wesley! Let's get together Thursday for drinks?:)
Aways feel bad when I get caught trying to take a pic of epic mustache-jean short combos. Wait, scratch that, no I don't. It's their fault.
I will... best book ever :)
People piss me off...
people please follow me im trying to beat my sis
LMAO at the 76ers celebration last night. ARE YOU KIDDING ME????
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
it's pretty great. The wait lists are a little long though. People are really using it which is fantastic.
Knock KnockWho's there !Byron !Byron who ?Byron new suit !
[1 - 0] Houston Dynamo beat DC United
Not gettin respect <
People Who always make everything about them smh
RT : Today in 1962: test pilot Lou Schalk flies A-12 (precursor to SR-71) becoming airborne during high-speed taxi trials:...
Thank goodness it's Friday!
How many times do we need to type #levilowrey to get #levilowrey trending?! Sheesh. People are getting sleepy over here but I <3
Kirk Cameron is in a firestorm re: his comments on homosexuality. His views represent his faith. Stand firm Kirk. Many agree & are praying!
tv. It's back now. CLTV worked fine.
God forgive me, I been hurt by a couple niggas That's why I wake up, say my prayers and be like 'Fuck a nigga!!!
almost finished moving to #apple #mac. Must say though NOT an easy task to import iTunes etc. You'd think Apple would have an app for that
7 am waking up in the morning gotta it snooze so I don't wake up
it just seems to be long lasting.. :(
Holy shit. & killed it tonight! The show was awesome. Thanks to all who came out!! <3
Happy Hump Day! Spend your Weds. night with us. Great food and beverages, games and maybe some shopping too!
I just found out that I take part of my math final tomorrow. I'll be doing nothing but studying for the next 24 hours.
. for takoma park city council @ #progressparty! (better known as anti-citizens united crusader )
I heard you on the radio, I couldn't help but smile, in the city only for a while
Asap rocky wit swizz beatz track is Nice
DO U LIKE MY PROFIL???
#patriots crowd loving ocho's first catch at Gillete
Drive is basically a Google Docs upgrade. Still skeptical, think a personal cloud is most secure.
Waffle House. Grg and Jaymz conquer the smothered/covered/chunked/peppered/topped hash browns. And the juke box...
okay don't hate me I got another new phone and dont have your number. Text me? :)
These birds are scary as shit
Passport Through Time to feature museums of Bradford County - Towanda Daily Review
Are the #Packers now considered an "international" company once stock is sold in Canada? Should take them out of overseas games
okay whatever
I'll be releasing my first music video on Monday at 7:00pm!! spread the word and make sure to check it out! :) RT
#CodyFact Dolphins are Cody's Favorite animal, Not Turtles.
You enjoy that Roos win Sunday?
HAPPY NEW YEAR
What a Beautiful day here in Houston... Mid Jan with a high of 73. Enjoy the great weather everyone!
I wonder if the commish overdoes his punishments so that when the player appeals the time is cut to what it should be.
any annoy repetitive sound and people talking
You'll be fine! Just hug a pillow and you'll be good to go!
appreciate the love bro. Spread the word. I'm back.
BRING THE THUNDER~!
Next time you rent a car at the Sac Airport...check out Dollar and Thrifty Car Rentals. Jan Pro is so excited to be cleaning their facility.
cant wait for season 2 lol
I love how it looks feels and smells out before or after rain SO much omg
lol you saying you got one that night? What can I say I'm a heavy smoker
Them free throws daww :/
actually, is too embarrassed to use my actual words.
plus the betemit signing really means Damon isn't needed
I have the apartment to myself and TLC is working. Solid day off.
#Rupaulsdragrace Time for to steal the show!
I really need another
The Onion writes itself. “: Climate Alarmist Calls For Burning Down Skeptics' Homes...”
:O i know...im tired ... i fell asleep in school like 3 times : P
- any good books on the history of football tactics that you would recommend?
i am here for u bro
Tonight: Mates of State with Sean Bones and Canary Oh Canary Doors @ 7pm $15.00
'twas great playing with you all again. Have fun in our hometown of Minneapolis tonight!
Thank you so much. Your trademark 'here to serve, here to help' is audible in person and in twittersphere!
I need vodka in and around my mouth... STAT!!!
would love to chat about cross promotional opportunities with Brian Kortovich. Please give me a shout at
Exelon acquisition of Constellation approved - and the last Fortune 500 company headquartered in Baltimore is all but gone. sniff. sniff
It would have been better if it were Mensa bread though!!
Hey -- I'm wearing white jeans today. Are we still friends?
Aw. The motor cycle man is all pouty cause he's stuck in the back up. He' like "im supposed to be free ridin' "
Thank you to all of the dedicated teachers of We're lucky to be able work with you
My baby turns 3 tomorrow. I'm so lucky to have given birth to someone I consider such a great friend, already.
When guys take selfies <<<
I can't believe would be away from a computer on a day like today. Would Jim Lehrer try to report on an election from his BB?!
Just watched casually solve a Rubik's Cube WITHOUT LOOKING. I, for one, welcome our new astrophysicist overlords.
There's a town called "Tittybong" in Australia.
#Gators score a run, 5-3!
ah! It's similar to hunger games. Kev is reading the book and really likes it so far!
If a boy is a Mahomie - instant turn on.(;
I'll tell you tonight which The Wanted guy is hot(c
don't forget, there's two extra scenes- stay for the credits!
Cant wait until Taylor Swift is done with whatever so I can turn back up the sound.
launched elegant new dashboard w/real time touch/gesture based device specific analytics, community networks & Pinterest support
I gave you part of me to make you fall in love with me..
yeah I think I did hear him say something about Oahu. Lol
Are U Gonna Get Back To Me About The Skype On Ur B Day Or Something Please RT!!!
lol do text me and we'll see if I can help
Workweek finally complete! 3 days off starting NOW! 7 hours until I meet for the killer chest/shoulder training day! 💤💤💤
Protecting rich women is an option MT : In 2012, it's easier to get GOP to vote to protect tax cuts than to protect women.
OUT RIDING ENJOYING THIS NICE DAY WIT MY HUSBAND!
ur posts always get me excited
-I Really Love The Guy/Man Dat Im With..He Show Mhe So Much Happiness Nd I Love Him I Need Yhu Nd Yhu Need Mhe So Baby Stay-!
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
ages indeed, i've been keeping myself busy. 'bout ready to go back to my city though. and yourself?
wait, what the hell are you* talking about?
will do :)
okay I followed you! Follow back? (:
really though I've been craving a burrito for at least 12 hours now
Wow. RT : Apparently, telling a girl that she "kinda looks like Tom Petty" is generally not received as a compliment.
Same. Peace and love and learning and acceptance.
Any fat chicks had her back titties sucked before?
"once in awhile you get shown the light in the strangest of places if you look at it right"
it feels good after the pain of pounding the treadmill.
Im getting my first tat tomorrow
Tuesday is the new Monday. Welcome back all our service industry friends!
Intel has enabled a private cloud, which was named No. 1 by CIO magazine.
Same here!
Really interesting food scene blossoming there. Amazing tacos (I hear)
Easter egg hunt and pancake breakfast at Poway Community Park today. Love Poway!
Join for a thought leadership panel moderated by AKQA's ! Thursday - 6pm RSVP here:
Just listened to the TAL Retraction. Lesson: it's not about being perfect, but about what you do when you screw up. Kudos to & Co.
All of the above especially The Hobbit
Sleeping with myy window open . Best feeling yooo :D
frustrating? those flat damn cookies I just pulled out of the oven. too bad they taste so good that i don't care.
Thank you! And I definitely will!
Now that today is here.... Its not that exciting anymore
that made me smile :-) how cute!
recovering from an epic visit to with and some representatives from Bushmills (try the Honey!) & Johnnie Walker.
Gas prices Bout to be $40 a gallon...
No! He aint broke up with Karrauche! Its just that I'm a fan and I love him, its heartbreaking that he's with someone..
talking b.i with homie hands down the hottest female dj in the google her
Never mind the people who have left. Mind those who've chosen to stay.
Hey Life team... Scones are on sale Plan your day accordingly
"God Almighty bless you, and make you fruitful."~Genesis 28:3
The weather  with no  in sight
RT : Great "you know you're a figure competitor when" post by - made me smile. ;)
Thinking about , and graduating soon #ruinsmymood 😞
Time goes by a lot slower when you miss the one you love.
I wonder if and can just text each other
One Direction <3
Omw to work. Kinda scared to see how bad of a mess there is... 0_o
Lmfao truuuuu! “ you met the greatest person alive there.......”
these are the times when I wish I hadn't procrastinated.
I want to send out some love to Mandy Mason this morning. Hang in there Darlin', God is in control. Doc
you so good at singing!
Beautiful! Thanks for sharing that! Hope you're enjoying your stay!
amazing just the way you are.
Chilling at the genius bar
haha i will tomorrow or something cu i dropped my phone and it broke in half....
Love this John. Fab energy, great song and a ballerina! Happy Hump Day to you!
Picked up an interesting Science Times under the jump seat on the downtown 6.
The only person that can make Skip Bayless madd is Stephen A Smith
November 29, 1976 - Yankees sign Reggie Jackson to a five-year contract.
^_^ I'll make an exception sure.....but it's almost next week again already ^_^
looking forward to your session today, you, and your cookies!
Well, goodbye and good riddance Shane.
Last of 11 charged with felony hazing in FAMU case turns herself in - CNN
Skinny pants & some vans!!
Hope everyone had a great first week of school! Don't forget to do your homework! ;) see you on Monday
Wade is ass
Is it bad that I get happier when the kids I babysit make my Wii person all the way to skinny than being with you? Woops!
How does this happen to me.... We made an unexpected drunkin visit to Mexico last night . Headed back to America!!! Cinco De Mayo Winning!!!
in doggy raise it up the bring it down and around to your chest. Stairs help a lot and great for cardio
No prob. Its for the kids!!! Been blessed with so much. RT : thank u for ur donation bro
Now i can say I know how it feels to lose your bestfriend smh
hope you all had a great weekend!
Happy Monday! Get ready for our Sherman Oaks farmers market from 3 pm - 8 pm tomorrow! See you there!!
Watch out for the new American racism! Democracy under attack! Voting rights violation is the new democracy!
NY's Penn Station to expand, finally, with $270 million plan
you can't buy chocolate on a Sunday there? wacky.
it's horrible but oddly compelling. They're streaming the album on the Lou Reed/Metallica website.
feel free to call/email with specifics of the situation in question and I'll help you choose one or two of these to try.
That's amazing - your tweet says "I got 20,000 followers in one day, you can too". But you only have 1,500 followers. What happened?
“: Nothing like a burger from Whisler's on a beautiful night in Springfield, MO. #IAMAWALKINGADVERT #SGF cc: ” YUM
Thanks for including male survivors in your outreach.
not this girl haha
cant belive the insane amount of rain. but isnt complaining
omg I love you
Tweeting can be an art in itself. The nanostory!
so like her friend thought maybe "josh" knew where she was or whatever so she asked him and the pedophile kidnapped her and like
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!
Let the Dallas Mavricks conspiracy theories begin.
RT : Detective speaking about social media & homicide investigations.
Taking a break to read a little from The Golden Bough by Frazer, a 1 vol abridgment. Owned the book forever
RT If yall wanna know who I am?
kyle williams = giants mvp
It all starts with the vision
QoTD: "The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck." (Channing P ...
if I feel better in the morning I'll be there tomorrow even though my doctor said don't go.
you already hv. well for me anyway. u inspire me everyday with your music and i appreciate it so much. love you. cme bl to NYC!
I don't know how long I've been asleep o;
Working out to sexy ass colli buddz with 2 D's for a double dose
Man, I'm like a kindergartener playing with finger paints compared to most of those. Whew.
Nothing makes you forget about love like sex.
Thanks for the RT!
I'm All Of That && A Bag Of Chips.
": lol u late . && I knowww :)"- lol I ain't late I just mind my own business but I like the same thing too lol
“: is being represented there as we speak :) Excited to be a part of #IndyIC #indyhomeless” that's good stuff!
If I Could Rearange The ABC's I Would Put U & I Together!
Ah, then go crazy. There is such a thing as too many strawberry shortcake popsicles and fudgsicles.
Thank you. :-) I appreciate that.
Thanks for watching!
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT WHERE I LOOK AT YOUR EARS AND WANT TO BITE THEM 
I need a computer to delete people off my freaking Facebook! Need sleep too..gotta get up at 5:30
out of love
LOL! Thought I was the only one who thought this!
There is nuttin like chocolate ... Catracho style...
Going to the opera, like getting drunk, is a sin that carries its own punishment with it.
what about that burger place?!?! was looking forward to it!
to know im not the only one who cant sleep :)
For me Ana Criado, Emma Hewitt, Justine Suissa and Emma Lock hold sway with me!
HAHA your picture actually made me laugh out loud
Just dropped $255 to take the Microsoft Office exams....this is not okay with me by any means. There goes my bonnaroo ticket.
- I don't agree on your first point, but yes let's work together to retain and bring high quality manufacturing to our region.
Watching Step Brother. A perfect way to end the day :)
RT #ZodiacFacts You will never meet a #Capricorn who was afraid of hard work in order which to achieve what they want in life.
Aww I'm sorry 2 hear u are sick, hope u feel better. My day it's going ok got a lotta work to complete.
u see the little kid with the huge hat!! Lmaoo
Sorry 2 hear u don't support #unions. We do. Did u know unions r how #nurses got CA safe staffing ratios & laws agnst forced OT?
Why is my eye so swollen and red? 👀😢
CO Sen Educ Comm deep in discussion of proposed study of cost to compy with Lobato ruling.
Bad bitch wit me bet she know the drill 🎧
Absolutely! However, there is definitely some emotion to it too.
Best friends? They're like diamonds- rare and precious.... false friends? They're like leaves- they can be found anywhere
Is "women are not like wine" going to be trending soon?? Lol
Damn this chick in this B.O.B vídeo is RIGHT!!!
my dawg said hi c:
Just realized I have my shirt on backwards!
Invest today in your future tomorrow. Remember if you fail to plan, you can plan to fail. I am your goto professional investment consultant.
Go Ducks! What an amazing season we have had!
what were facial reactions from plaintiffs and defense?
Gonna watch the bobby "the brain" heenan dvd! Should be great stuff!
ya this sucks, everyone is trying to find people to take over their leases =/
A likely excuse this week could be the London riots caused internal turmoil!!
it would be great to add a note to posts and websites that you've saved to view later. Sometimes I wonder why I saved something.
never mind. Just tried again and it worked !
Tbt* cover story is "5 Things that drive us crazy about computer keyboards." slow news day?
I think imma go check out think like a man at midnight...
So my wonderful girl her friend and probably are weirdos for watching human centipede!! :)
I miss you too girl! Hopefully I will see you this summer!
lol you know what I meant
Thank goodness for the
After brunch and tea time, a stroll through the #garden is the perfect cap to
#ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend. Im smart, a good mom, classy someone you can take home to mom. also fun,adventurous the girl your mom warned u about
Make eating your veggies the best part of your day with our Incredible “Vegible” filled with the good stuff you love!
Agreed. RT : You have to embrace Social Media. Social Media Advertising is expected to pass Search Advertising in 2015.
Eating a black and white cookie in a wife beater while waiting for fraiser to be on.
Thanks man. And Keith gets credit even though he was off tonight -- now that's trading up!
i love it that there is an anne yeager who is a bodybuilder. she has a killer body and when my name comes up so does her body. owe u kid.
you must be out of your mind to think the ending is racist. If you are willing to stretch that far, everything is racist.
Tonight is the night. Shaq tells the world.
Your loss.
thanks for the rt!
when are you coming to a show with me again?
A3. For many small biz mobile budget is very limited, it is important to know your ultimate goal w/ur app 4 ur business
Thanking god for another day
you're too kind. I'm just excited to have you on board
hi just check out ur website look beautiful. I don't have a child but I'll definitely recommend it to Families. Peace.
Good morning twitters!
Good on you, sir. Just wanted to add to the praise.
Time to be knotted . ~1
got shit to talk? do it in real life. to my face. you wont.
Welcome to the Ascedia team Trish and Don! We're excited you're here.
Had an awesome night last night seshin and makin videos at BigStoney's with the TMC crew. Time to snap some Super Oasis OG. Irie!!!
Dad you aren't a scientist so shut the fuck up
NOT watching American Idiot er Idol. Oh I will burn for this.
There's only 1 thing 2 do, #threewordsforyou "I Love You"- Plain white T's <3
May today bring a special day of Peace, Love & Joy to one and all! Jim Aplin Abeachdude Orlando
The most productive thing I've done today is watch 30mins of SNL digital shorts. There is almost no way to salvage the rest of this day.
Thanksgiving was great! Had the most delicious food, and had such a great time with my family!
Rep. Darrell Issa: "baloney sandwich indictments" is what #SOPA creates - bad public policy #SOPA via - TRUE
There are cool things happening all over the city of Cleveland & somehow people still find things to complain about. I don't get you people.
Watch it Keith or I'll unfollow you...LOL
www.warrenwolfmusic.com Hit me up for a gig or if you'd like to book Warren Wolf & WOLFPACK
GOONIES MEETS LORD OF THE RINGS
Off work early!!!
Back at the good ol car shop, sad that I know everyone here by their first name and they all know my car goes by sergio lol
I'm all on my video tip - gonna see more of me in front of the lens! Raps, recording sessions, smoking sessions, and LIVE sets on stage
Thanks for the kind words and the RT Rich!
Only 12 more years of this. Haha. The Reds suck.
fantastic. Love this place! 76 degrees today! Come out!!
Just like that lol
The best day of the year: when all the Easter candy is half off.
Should add that the 13" Pro has a resolution of only 1280 x 800. I am considering the 13", but I am concerned abt size & resolution.
Dear NBC News. Your new Roku channel is unwatchable. I'll have to find other things to watch. That shouldn't be too hard.
Two contacts in one day...getting two more homes closed. Yea...clap...clap...clap....dancing
you cant excpect TJ Ward to be a hypocrite about hitting players in the head
omg that was awesome, so sexy perfect trio!
100 RT : “: Looking to Add New people to instagram : Paulyg103” follow him
AMEN! Me too! “: Alright, mon! RT : It is Bob Marley's Birthday today. Therefore, I shall be listening to reggae all day.”
Nice.. Looking at their website.. Nice combination Much success
thanks having a great time!
In a league full of bad coaches, Childress could be the worst.
Sorry, going 2 Bemis event Monday afternoon. Hal Bevis, you are haunting my waking dreams.
you aren't at Interop? I thought you were!
Foo Fighters, Neal Young AND Stevie Wonder at ?!?!? Hell yes I'm going to that.
A nation if they can only focus on money, they will never can find out natural beauty.
I'm gonna kill Jon for starting that lol but yes I work Thursday night
TSA thought the zacuto top handle in my luggage was a gun.
Me too. And apparently it's like two years old?
Visualizing How a Link Spreads Through the Twitterverse
really it's ok. Wasn't focused ONLY on the minivan. Almost killed many others too :)
I love the way you make me smile!
OK let's move on shall we!
right? looks great. :P
You're hot. haha(;
#adele looks phenomenal. She rocks it for us full figured gals!
he is a smart young man.
Ro-ro-robocop. I like this pick even though we should have gotten Maualuga.
you are making me giggle! :-)
I'm from Nevada, but I live in Florida
and what does 11:11 mean to you? :-)
Watching the play, Three Year Swim Club with
Bev has made a ton of holiday treat bags, under the direction of Princess Lilly, so please visit her today, free treats for your cat or dog!
Who's down to darty?!
Holy crap! Yesterday, we needed one follower to hit 400--and today we have 419! Thanks, everyone, especially for the RT!
We've been using it too - it's not bad! Decent music selection.
Gahh how i got in huge trubble when the cops showed up at my casa! No spongebob for a week!!!!!!:'(
Do our systems breed narcissism or collectivism? RT Bret Pardon Me Your Ego is Showing tinyurl.com/3qdsekm
Check out the unveiling of #SkySAN technology at #VMworld booth #1248 & see first hand how is changing the way data is stored.
the best way to hang up on someone is to do it in the middle of YOUR OWN sentence. that way, they never suspect you hung up on them.
I need need new joints from you fam
Excited for brunch a #sunny spot w
8.2 hours of OT last night. Yup, I went to bed at 8 this morning. Got up in time to go in again...
when do OTAs start and will the media have more access?
uncle jamie & holly's wedding :)
Just left Target, bought the boys a new PS3 game to play and me a few movies, they didn't have E-40 CD
wat u want mane
We miss you
Hey kenny as sucks!
Will be praying they find this sicko... He needs to be behind bars. You guys stay safe. much love from nelson family
I figure it's fair to give people fair warning that I am nearby. Hope you're well.
Tonight unannounced DVD release party , REPORTER doing a story, come rock out, 8:15 pm Island Grill MM 85.5 Islamorada Florida Keys!
Amen!!! RT : DEATH TO NERD GLASSES!!!
I'm fine with Finnegan being ranked here, although players above him on the list are worse than him, and some not making the list are better
he than slammed Gasol ass twice this game smh ohh
how much a piece like that run ya? I got a toro too, but it ain't a beast like that one!
IMPAC is back in action...all CLASSES RESUME TODAY, Jan. 2, 2012! Make it count.
Anne Cox
Please Follow Naked Like Adam and be a facebook fan, God bless.
amen!! I can't stand the joker.
what better time to hear from MAJ on 's Birthday another coincidence?
R.I.P. Whitney Houston (1963-2012), one of the best, influential singers of all time! May you enjoy the chorus of Heaven!
Your back from Cali ?
Its great to find out if there are enrichment programs available at schools of interest which allow u to stay overnite.
It's done and over with!
says hello(;
speeding tickets are just a cost of doing business for me!
Enjoyed meeting with and the team yesterday. is working on some innovative projects!
Flying car? Better idea: Make an alarm that yells "Dumbass!" in sync with the turn signal indicator if you leave it on too long.
#uknowufromchicago if u know Step originated in Chicago.
Watching bridesmaids!! <3 it!!
Goddammit, car battery is dead. WHAT THE FUCK IS MY NIGHT.
Hm. Haven't heard from my lakers fan base in a while...
I'm looking for Milwaukee authors: kids' books, parenting books. Let's connect!
Pardon my ignorance. Grill? I have a girl so please advise.
Don't miss your chance to sneak a peek at Harry Potter eBooks and browser-based reading at Booth 818!
are you ever going to come to San Antonio??
I just got coffee all over my $990 shirt.
Apple store packed w ppl & gadgets. I feel like a peasant w just a mere I Pod
Ha! Most of my friends who watch GoT are women 30-50. And the True Blood fans I know are all ladies.
Pick up your Maui Mall yellow coupon book at participating stores, and start saving today! Savings up to 50% off!
HHAHHAHAHAHAHA I bet he would say that, though.
now realy Ihave forgotten and do not want to look it up will someone please remind me his name..
Can't wake up today.
I love how prolific of a pundit became once he gave up punditry.
Clown waiting at the bus stop, texting up a storm and waving to kids leaving the Twins game.
Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller after every mistake.
Dear WOTBOMF - Am I calloused because I feel no pain?
Was using past tense on Fox RT : Perry says he will "wait and see in the morning what it looks like." Aides say SC is next
true possibility. It's sort-of-like an earthquake shaking a well established and fortified modern city.
we open up Thursdays in April
ePub'd apps allow pre-loading of knowledge for museum visits.
How long are you out in the city today?
no! its that were laughing and stuff and like the whole we were togeter and YOU couldve been there! Lol
you mean worth this terrible horrible hangover?
I have to try hard in the future not to hate friendly people because that is how the cult got me.
thank god and jesus...which is a good thing since I'm Christian...but he didn't thank he's fan?...messed up
Thanks to for helping me set up my visit to Metro Market today for Mega Millions story. A quote & photo have moved nationally.
Transfer to/from fort lauderdale miami for $65.00 in a lincoln towncar
Tis' the season! Check out our new products, and #designs now #notebooks and #journals make great holiday gifts!
Its cus you are just that flipping gorgeous<3 :) RT: I like that when randomly i say hi to she says 'you're beautiful' :)
Ready to see if is as hilarious on stage as he is in books. Yay !
Just tapped, a fresh keg of Russian River Damnation Belgian Golden Ale $10 growler $3 pints
Nice running, Starks, to seal the deal!! Whew!!
Mam oh man ;)
Up singing Boats and Hoes. Deadliest catch with out the Crabs lmao
You cant club to find the one anyway...right?
So if you think about it, itll be worth it.
i think you're entirely missing my point.
finally has a Twitter, much to the unknowing owner. :) Please support and #spreadtheword to get us some #followers!
no KOALA
“: IF I GET INTO ANOTHER FUCKING CAR ACCIDENT.!!!!!!!!”
So, we're going today in one big crazy crowd to : free admission 5pm-9pm! Wanna join? (cc: )
Philosophy buff here. What's your question? Interested in:
ok goodnight :)
Is anyone else hoping Obama ends his speech saying he hopes Aaron Rodgers "passes that ball, right away"
I wish I culd hold you and kiss you all day long
RETWEET IF YOU FOLLOW BACK ?
Got my nutts dragon while puffin the magic dragon!
Was gonna go skiing but just found out Durango opens on Fri and wolf creek has no snow....
Wacky day in radioland. Thoughts with my boy Jeremy Loper, & wifey Randi, on the loss of their gig. Also shocked at Rob Morris leaving KDWB!
Favorite word:
We've all aged a little since then! What's your role with Jr. Rank? I was thinking we could do a segment on radio show.
Challenge! RT : Soccer today watch me or the air show..you won't be disappointed...
aced my math final all i have left is ISOM and Art History Final and ill be homebound
Something they don't teach you is how your whole life is about discovering who you already were
People down here in the Big Easy are getting really anxious Brees cant like what this bounty represents.
Walking alone tonight 'cause I've only got room for two, Me and my burdened black heart...
Ok, now I am convinced that no-one reads these posts on Twitter.
disagree. Add some depth to our back line. We look great going forward.
Yes it is!!
Motto 2012: I'm gonna carve a giant door, in the middle of a wall, facing the road I want to go on w/ a pretty little door knob & open it.
shes lucky you replied to her twice
MORE LIES Eagle Scout
where u gonna sit
Going to be in #NYC for the weekend soon & need to get in 10mile run. Any suggestions for route
": I wish when someone had feelings , they'd just tell me straight up"
thx. We took care of the 1st game. Let's get it done.
know the feeling..
My tweets are exuberant fun for the whole family. If your family's fucked up.
Hey there, DM me your email. Have an event invite for ya.
Been in the game for 1yr. and we killin the game...We commin for the belt
Do not fear, for I am w/u; do not be dismayed, for I am ur God. I will strengthen u & help u; I will uphold u w/my righteous right hand.
Feb 1 we're recording our live worship cd with ! Dont miss it!! 10th RT gets 10$ iTunes $$!! /via
can't wait to hit MI!
I've long been fascinated by abandoned towns. Like time just stopped. Pompeii is another that interests me. Plates still on the table.
#Squirrels4Good sounds like a scam, but it's worth a try. Thanks Craig!
- I'm relying on triple-strength home-brewed iced coffee. I may not sleep until November. AVENGERS is worth it.
lmao he would but make that money some I guess
There's that voice that I adore. <3 amazing, as always.
Exactly. I can't imagine how that would have made you feel.
#welovelouistomlinson love ya boo bear ❤
its coming out this summer (I think) all star cast..let me find a link..
Thanks Jay! Enjoy your weekend :) RT : #TGIF have a great day :)
#fridayreads I just finished Delirium by Lauren Oliver on my lunch break! WOW I want to read the next one right now!
Thanks for the follow! Visit us at the SNG in Bratislava, Sk. We will be serving them this year.
Getting ready for a family photo session at Balboa Park! Lovin' the Dan Diego Sun!!!
Made a new friend in the Detroit airport. She is a precious 11 month old from Orlando.
RT : BBM pin? We still do that? Oh.
SHUT UP VOICES!!!!! Or Ill poke you with a Q-Tip again! :P
"Smile and say NO until your tongue bleeds" - Harvey Mackay
life is a battle
Just Got the Final Mix, I'll Shoot It To You When I Get a Chance
ug... smartpen just ran out of ink. there goes my idea for innovative notetaking at
probably why I try so hard to successfully hide my humility and generosity
Hanging out with some sharp dressed kids here for an interview.
Is really happy and Merry Christmas got a new phone;)
I AM the Architect of MY OWN Destiny.
I like the one with a vowel in their name. How could you possibly choose one!? there all EQUALLY awesome!
that sounds dope. Feel like there's a great opportunity to tell story from street level.
was ever an option?
yes they knew they were getting a screwball in Oz...
Congrats! Let us know what speaks to you the most. RT About to start the book Sun Stand Still now that I finished my masters!
Hospitals weird me out. Visiting a friend after his operation, then home to give proposals back to my students.
: #blogtournyc has always been like a boutique w/ mix of bold furniture, lighting,accessories & emerging artists
And #ff to the band: =D
Anyone out there happen to have Yume Bitsu's rare live album, "Dryystonian Dreamscape Music Played for a Live Audience?"
that's the Donnie Darko quote I was trying to remember!!
All about #BracketForBriskets for the #NCAA tourney. Great product tie-in and who doesn't want to win some good ole TX BBQ?
I am!!! Looking forward to it. Was a Mother's Day gift :-)))
Reunions ahoy! Hopefully the New York City contingent will be well represented. Tweet to us if you're at Reunions!
Pay attention to this Mississippi athletes! RT : 8 LSU starters on offense hail from Louisiana.
when u forget to pick up one of your friends -_-
Heading over to Olde Town Manassas for the YPNOVA Progressive Dinner. Sure to be a wonderful evening!
I wanted to let you guys know that i'm driving home from school tonight so i won't be able to tweet "at the crime scene lol" :(
what happened? Nothing like friday I hope
Had a blast with my Family tonight at Amway Center watching the Magic crush the Clippers.
RT CoCreatorRadio Believe in the power of you!
oh wow.. thanks for the info, the suicidal part was the missing peice
Cooking eggs at 10 o clock at night
For that stupid WW2 test.
It's 11:11 close your eyes and make a wish:*
Ted is gonna be the funniest movie of the year. Never knew about it til the trailer. Seth Mcfarlane's first movie!
Just amend it: fans period do not matter. Slapping face of customers RT Hoops vs FB fanbase doesn't matter. $$$ matters.
Wtf my dad went somewhere. Like bitch where's my breakfast?
: o i didnt leave! your comin along too!
Yay! How was everything?
jajaja of course!! ;)
Banana power banana power.!
So what we get drunk, so what we don't sleep, we're just havin fun, we don't care who sees, so what we go out, that's how its pose to be
Happy holidays & prosperous 2012
Laying in bed with
If you only average 30 mph during that lap; how fast do you have to drive the second lap to average 60 for both of them?
What's that amazing restaurant we went to in Cola where we ate with - great local food
So happy to have met Sean - getting to know him over the last year has been great. We should do big hillbilly LBG skate show.
Visual holds our interest, Pinterest users spend 97 minutes EACH visit on average (80% women but still), great insights
so sore
It's suppose to be a hot one today.
Babysitting my nephews watching sponge bob, this show is pretty good haha
Several articles Monday: 1. CQ Weekly story on intelligence fusion centers and the budget crunch/homegrown threat they face.
The best kind!! The shotgun was definitely a good idea.
どう致しまして。I'm glad you went down. I need to check it out sometime this week!
I was going to put Kermie on the back but my 4yo corrected me and reminded me it was Kermit LOL.
#TwoThingsIWant A Ticket For The #BTWBall & Find True Love! <3
no pic no tweets no followers smh
...I'm winning.
RT : Saturday, May 12th is the annual National Association of Letter Carriers' Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive. Be sure to...
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo dance around in public
Thanks for the tightest birthday gift ever !!!
Lust's in the air
Amen!!!RT : Don't settle for someone... just so you can have someone.
I am 29 and holding.
Over pair river by gutterball.3 k.
Zip cars are wonderful! What a great idea.
At the zoo reading the fun facts makes me think of #funfact warthogs can go 7 months without water.
The nurse held the admiral's hand and told him that, although heavily sedated, Mark had kept calling for his father the entire trip home.
i know right KayLee you know what your talking about why are boys do stupid , ? Why cant we just forget them
unless ur James bond
take Tylenol/acetaminophen to lower temp
Happy cinco de mayo!!! Eat many tacos:-). :-)
Here's your sign! Who knew it would have been a literal reference, yikes. Mad props to the goal of global acceptance.
Well I did. But then again, I'm strange. Have you ever played it?
Asked to give expected revenue numbers. Walmart rep gives the run around, says customers "vote with their feet."
good look my g just keep
Meant to read up on the Marbury v Madison controversy, but got sidetracked by news about Stephon Marbury
note to self: titter.com != twitter.com
Thank you! Love you. i hope you did well <3
I never lie, I merely twist the truth.
If I don't get $745, as of Monday, I am evicted. HELP!!!!!
Happy valentines day
Everyone follow my bff she the best
what if we (Joe & I) pull something 2gether & pass it to you for review?
cause your one of my best friends I'll miss you...
“: I've heard that it's possible to grow up, I've just never met anyone who's actually done it.”
no amazing!
Try the Buffalo Macaroni for me. RT : ": I wasn't driving... was on that..." It's opening day!
Sat down to watch last week's on demand to discover Charter only has it in HD. What to do? Watch
Hey here is the start of a series on the Las Vegas Enterprise from - enjoy your mutual fuming.
I don't dispute he's meaningful-core. I just think his ability whip up a crowd is as, if nor more important to the sell-outs.
Happy Monday and make it a great week!!
RT Until you stop settling for being an OPTION, how are you ever gonna be a PRIORITY?
You know you live in kansas when the tornado sirons are going off and your outside lookin at the sky.
yes indeed, im on there, not sure if im playing, but on there none the less.
They are way cuter by themselves than they are with my feet in them.
Please join & create a profile!! We have a new host & interface & TONS of new cool stuff to do & see!!! We are now integrated with Flickr
Great idea..however, will have to get smartphone with data plan before this is practical. Do you think museum audiences will to?
Gotta take this test for a honors diploma.
Happy Friday to Everyone....Enjoy your weekend.
Family BBQ for Mother's Day: Filet mignon,dungeness crab and lots of veggies. Happy Mother's day to all mothers!
Hahaha, you're a jazzer! Still up and kickin it 3 hours after you said you were leaving!
Have a good night's sleep!
I hate when he takes forever to replyto my message smh biggest pet peeve lol
DJ hero? Seriously?
#Haters can't keep their name outta their mouth, Ima make it big and Ima thank them;)
Floating asteroid/Need to buy some school supplies/You're soaking in it.
Just shit on my face . -____-
Can't wait to see Maze this Sunday at the Jazz and Heritage Fest!!!! Wan come?!?
NPR had a bit about SXSW today. Is Foursquare a safety risk for women?
"Here's to the crazy ones, the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers, the round pegs in the square holes ...
Mind* Body* Soul*
just noticed your new avatar. Take your 3 y/o roommate to see the Lorax. Best adaptation of Seuss to big screen yet.
Excited to have a night off in Madison before the show tomorrow. What's the best place to eat here?
Heading to voice....
So thankful for a clear sky! Filming continues today with Sabina Zuniga Varela & Eddie Ruiz.
thanks for following and getting connected!
Might be a weird question, but what does "MAILERDAEMON" mean? The thing that sends back bad emails. #questions (cc )
Plenty of resources out there. Finding & utilizing is another story. Facebook & Twitter don't help.
Tonight is a great day to get connected to MYC! Middle School in the FLC and High School/College in the YWC (The Garage) 7pm!
so in other words Raul he's twice your height and half my weight?
Root beer so damn good sometimes
Thanks So much Jez :) love ya <3 I will never be followed by a famous group or person besides for matchbox twenty
agreed! Love those costumes!
effin' fantastic. Bummed that we're heading into the final stretch. How are you brother?
#IdealFirstDate #Blackhawks game at the Madhouse. :)
What's the score?
I would never!! You rock!!! :)
Has Vandy or Harvard ever gotten as much love on Twitter as they are right now?
We highly recommend
#1DMix933 :-) please it would mean so much
Thank you! Glad you liked it. RT : the 1881 was fantastic!
hello to all & nice 2 meet u as well Thanks 4 the recs looking fwd to ur tweets!
I need somebody whos on a higher level someone who can teach me somethings
So many bad paintings to make fine one. Painting outdoors this week.
Happy Canada Day!
that's easy. Cheryl cus she's ruthless & Sabrina cus she could pull some awesom flying & magical maneuvers. B-)
He knows how to behave in public, but it's a russian tea room behind closed doors." - Lily
No, we're not from the Maritimes we're from California, but our ghost conference has a maritime theme.
(cont) So, let us never forget.
like its out last day of work day.
This show oz is crazy ass hell... They show evry x rated senario in this damn show... Lol. W.O.R.D.
Did. You. Call. It. Or. What.
Amen to that, Amen to that.
Came by st. Jack to say hi. Wound up staying to eat. So happy
Men of Wadodem [Orbital Mix] by Time Unlimited, from the album Auntie Aubrey's Excursions Beyond the Call of Duty, Pt. 1 Disc 2
Hold on. Im searching for a fuck to give.
Howloscream 2011 tonight at Busch Gardens Tampa <3 i'm gonna get some fantastical pictures.
nothing, absolutly nothing an i almost cryed last night cuz i missed austream :'(
Michael Jackson's voice is so dope. Omg
LOL! By making sure Obama wins. And all other tiny extras are superfluous at this point. No new shoes until Obama wins.
Early predictions...Lock for the Hall of Fame!
Ur company offers real coaching from exp. coaches. Much needed all over the world. I'll tell all to c ur website. :)
well thats the only part i like being wit friends
May the odds forever be in your favor chicka. <3
are you still planning a rock band party on xmas?
There's plenty of pain to go around!
Nothing like cruising listening to some Tupac.
what u been up to yellow lady
I've been so productive every day this week. Its making this week go by so slow.
Tell that to #RushLimbaugh, Repubtard. Guess it's OK for the GOP to bash everyone, but not to bash the GOP, right? Hypocrite!
i was born under a rock and that's where i still currently reside
Now's the time to make a New Year's resolution - KVOA Tucson News Now 's the time to make a New Year 's resolution KVOA Tucson News TUCSO
Great 1 on 1 call with The Party Godess, Marley Majcher. Excited to put it all into motion!
ED SHEERAN ED SHEERAN ED SHEERAN. Came on the radio and i thought of uu. :)
Does anyone know anyone from #Loveland, #Colorado who can donate sometime and represent our film in CO this Saturday? Please let me know. Tx
Who else watches themselves on the monitor when you walk into a store?
all good in my hood. Say, thinking of trying to establish residency in VA for Cameron re: college. Heard that you 'know the drill'
And I ate a donut for breakfast. Fuck I suck at this.
Thanks for Mentions & Retweets!
are you talking about me again? Thanks! I felt lonely out here in the lot.
I am enjoying the #werentsocial launch party. They are new TM clients. Great event!
heck yeah bro!! On that beiber cover you did?
Calling me back private still won't get you a answer
Wishing everyone Happy 4th of July.
Terrible pick-up truck accident 805/University -- paramedics working furiously on the victim at the scene. Wreckage is mangled.
Today marks my two year anniversary ....Crazy. Been a long two years!!!
a boat filled with sashimi and sushi and a mammoth lobster
They All Stupid.
GUYS GUESS WHAT!!!
I am asking Director Donaldson what CFSA will not be able to do with $15m less in FY13.
Time to BRING IT!
loved Chronicle Trailer - Super Powers Are a Blast on Boxee
Lets Reach 20000 Signatures by this Evening! Tell ur friends n RT OFFICIAL PETITION 2 save COCO www.imwithconan.com/petition
Under the blanket :3
RT : Does every literary phenomenon have to mean something?
I have the caffeine part down. About that excercise ...
You are quick
So what's a good price to pay for this app? We want your honest opinions.
PREACH IT. A M E N !
They'll hate you if you're pretty, they'll hate you if your not. They'll hate you for what you lack and they'll hate you for what you got.
GL Network: Cruising The Greatest Way to Explore the World
I filled it up over a month ago, but I picked some unreliable people so if you're going go find Mike for sure!
Transmit good thoughts throughout your brain and manifest great days to come through meditation
Hey! Quit looking at twitter when you should be working!
Nice! RT : ! just gave me a copy of Manos The Hands of Fate for asking him about improv!
I'm no racing expert, but now without Eric Young, the story of the 2012 #Little500 will be if The Cutters can win without him.
did the fairy bring you a quarter?
I'd sacrifice nearly anything to get a shot at the NHL and I would happily take what I deserve.
Movies al day.
Ugh going to buy it then. They're just that good
nice. I'm an old skater too, though notvas much these days b
can't wait for the single
oh my. Check out David Harvey, if you haven't yet. Lucid modern day Marxist writing (yes, I used lucid/Marxist together).
i really dont no wat to do i cant sleep
what if it played exactly this same? Why would the color matter?.... apart from tradition.
ok luv check your email...Thanks!!!!
haha thanks chad!
didn't see a discussion of credit unions, but I think they should be more encouraged esp. since they lack leverage of lg banks
