#ThoughtsAtWalmart why are they muggin me like im about to steal shit.
its freakin rude. k so bye. <--- ur not cool.
Pub. Libs. should foist themselves upon to avoid being foisted upon.
Don't call me a princess, call me the boss
A: Biggest mystery here is what researchers think about policies of publishing and depositories within institutions - very unclear
8yo had a nightmare, standing 2 inches from me in the pitch dark. 'Mom'. I almost crapped myself! That kid is stealth.
"Don't think I won't move on."
Yankee fans have got to be worrying about Beckett...they've made him look bad in the past few years...this year they haven't gotten a run.
thanks :) woo!
I still have an apartment in Madison...
Wow, the New Yorker sure knows how to bring "new" content to its pages. This week, there was a piece on Couchsurfing, which I joined in 2005
Even Insomniacs sleep
how about www.rocketrobinson.com ?
Yes ma'am! Let me know what day will work best for you.
wats up wit ya get back at me
Quick shop at CDG before heading back to Chicago
Viola/Cesario is calling out men as big talkers who don't back up their brags. She's almost better at being a man than the men in her play.
lawd, i haven't played spades since last year at the chapter cookout and not since college before then! i'm actually not that rusty!
Had a great time at the #HumboldtPark #Reentry Coalition meeting today. We're happy to have joined the team.
I miss my friend: Sgt. Steve Abbott. RIP. So sorry my friend. Not a day passes...1942-2001. I muss you.
that's a lot of bad grammar lol.
In the library for lunch, waiting for my pal! :)
There are some other very interesting options if you're willing to add one player (especially a percussionist)
Oops, not everyone was thru yet. RT : Wow, fast 50K. 75% of the field hit the first split at 10 min/mile or quicker!
I have to admit, I would hate to be Holmgren/Heckert during the Draft. They can't win with their picks but they can certainly lose.
i want to go to the zoo!
#NBC just doesn't understand
same totally
Refs need to make the calls on both sides. #Heat 37-29
“: Not liking twitter” from 939 days ago it's amazing what 2.5 years does for people :)
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
.:"Lunch at organic burger joint?" Me:"It closed" K:"That happens when u dont serve ketchup" At --with ketchup!
Shoot me a Direct Message with title or escrow questions. If I don't have the answer, I'd be surprised, and I would find it for you!
S/O family. We are about to begin something revolutionary: Get Money Keep it 100 n God Bless the 2
Was up there all week, back in DC now -- I'll be in LA in a few weeks!
Some days Firefox gets so bad I start to miss Lynx.
Grow the fuck up
word guys
We are about match one #get2philly #
u guys r amazing <3
Follow her! She is pretty chill!!
Shout out to Peraetz for taking the DE question. Others not so confident to address it. #mmtcforum Levin: words on paper not end of story.
what else are you following?
lol I used to drink a lot but I never centered my life around it. I'm a very independent person & have always had to work
Relatively quiet #BlackFriday travel day. Phew
out sick & at the doctor... #Nutcracker is playing in the waiting room.
anything you are passionate about can turn into something great - just start doing it and be unique check too!
have fun!
Agreed! I'll even come east to make it easier on you. :)
So far so good. I still have most of my sanity intact (as far as I know) & have pretty much everything in place.
Free documentary tonight at Krankies about Trail Angels, the kind souls who leave food & drinks along the AT. Fimmaker is a W-S native too!
God makes beautiful paintings.. Today's morning sky is so awesome!
phenomenal job bro! We need you every single game!
Hey Mr. Fidel
Mark was amazing, Aims. Puck will BREAK YOUR HEART.
"Facenectar?" Um, no , it's Bassnectar..
FLIPCAM GIVEAWAY! Just like us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/RealMomTV More giveaways to come!
I'm almost out of vodka so it's going to have to be wine but I will definitely have a few for you!
Awesome thanks !
ATTN #tcot #gop #ALEC apologists: #ALEC is not for free-markets & small gov't. (They're for monopolies & gov't collusion.) #brookylnbridge?
Lost Dog Rocket - $150 Reward Rocket the Shih Tzu is lost in Arlington, TX.
What's a "sells position"?
wonderful example of affirming the consequent
I hate roaches most of all. I hate how they crunch when you step on them. I hate how they run. How they fly. How they feel.
Throwing out the first pitch tonight at the Indians game, 7th Inning stretch leading everyone in song! Tweet me if your there!
I feel the same!!! Rage tonight??? <3
we see heroic military dogs, Obama sees dinner.
Apologies for misspelling Matjash Mrozewski's name. I bet if he had a $ for every time his name has been mangled ...
if people in other countries speak English
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer everybody else up Mark Twain
Thank you everyone for attending the Art of Beer last night. Join us Sat for Capital Beerfest!
“: A mere 2000? You're just getting warmed up!” Quality over quantity, my friend.
UNC Football: Larry Fedoras Practice Style - Keeping It Heel
We are very excited for and his quick wit!
great job ! Congrats
gimme gimme gimme
Bored as shit need a drink
Churrch! Yo cuz I need a Full version of I Want You back...#RealLifeStuff -Next Album. Same Beat. Whole Song. Got My Word
RT if u still listen to Right Above It
sign language and smoke signals
Respect co-creators of content. Don't dismiss character histories they have created.
I will be on a little vaca for a couple of days. Should return on Thursday. Take good care!
yeah I wouldn't make that much money lol
#Avengers best action film since #Transformers!
So glad I'm not alone in my impatience for #destinationtruth :)
Kentucky Wildcats! Best Program in the Nation
What is your favorite pasta dish?
Smashing Pumpkins all day today!!!
Hey Monica! Saw you at the WIN event, but you left before I could say hi so Hi! Hope all is well!
The Friday Thinker is coming your way at 9:30. Be here and be READY!
Gotcha. What was the gist of his talk?
Lost her shoe, freaking out over that, completely....
i'm curious at what you think my professional life is like?
Bout to see the lucky 1 with my baby
great move. Keep us all posted.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Pizza just $12.00 and the Best Broasted Chicken anywhere
Proud to say my Hollywood acting coach is an award winning coach & writer! & his books are the most popular of their type!
ha! true. Were you at the #ScienceRocks event? If yes then you know this audience did not spend a lot of time in their seats!
The City's Church Las Vegas is MOVING!! God has opened a door for us to move into a beautiful church building! Details coming soon!!!
Hahahaha! "bite, bite, bite, your knee!" funniest thing ever.
It's never too late to pursue your dreams or try something new!
why does want to write for ?
Developing some cool story pitches... one about a class examing the Kennedy assassination from a forensic point of view...
OMG I did it again!!! Ah!!! Oh I play hockey to BTW lol
Nutgrabber69 just got a triple word score... in my heart.
moving half way across the country in 3 days
New Brussels Sprouts addiction thanks to ... Guess it could be worse!
Why not just steal flowers from public flower displays?Taxpayer powered Valentines Day.
Is it too late for breakfast? I would definitely like to get in on that.
and , u know both Lyle and I own that patio. Question: Who's already wasted...?
volunteer hours were estimated to be worth $1,116,807 in 2011! Thank you volunteers!
Middlebrooks may be decent short term relief. Has power to spare and could produce quite a bit of runs in that lineup.
I'm not a stalker haha :o
THATS THAT SHIT I DON'T LIKE!! LOL I HATE THAT SHIT (I CAN'T STOP SAYING IT THO)
day 1 in milwaukee off to gander mountain to get my fishing permit
Congrats on your new job! Sorry we couldn't get together before you moved to NWA.
P.S. Rdio shuffles on the Facebook Listen button. Shame artists can't feature songs now
We are considering becoming Activist Homosexuals.
Waiting for my Aunt & Cousins~ lalalalalala waiting!<\3
SHE'S SO CUTE
ATX! Were partying in you on Friday night with our boys Last Action Hero 4808 Scarsdale 2 kegs!
is there a taping tonight?!
You will have to thank for your antelope status!
i want my way to much ? seriously ?
There is a joke to be made about the ability of TPers to count beyond 140, but I'll be mature and refrain.
We do that al da time! <3 Frick yeah!
omg so crazy!!! Saturday is so close!
Phone was dead for awhile, didn't have to worry about nothing (x #Goodmorning!
Funny how the night I get back from freshman orientation... I get 5 messages on Facebook say "you are gorgeous" or "I really like you" O___o
Ok y'all you ain't teenagers any more stop kissing like so sloppy, do it right!!!
lmao!! She would!
I didn't start until they played it all the time on the radio lol...I just seen the video today
yup! i'm ready! and zak i always laugh when you say "WHAT.WAS.THAT?" hahaha
I want to CUDDLE AND WATCH #NEXTFRIDAY grr.
Friday the13th lived up to its name! Horrible day all around!
8 am 11am and 3 pm are best times to post
Work out Group Daily Check In: Make sure you take before pictures so that you can track your weight loss progress!
#eli2012 final session on Creative Commons with its CEO Catherine Casserly.
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family. Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one. - Jane Howard
good morning, time to begin the 5 a.m grind, off to Starbucks with my sleepy eyes.
follow back
Deep. You wanna go deep ill take you deep. You know you f*cked up when you let my mind creep. Deeper than the page of a book let me look.
‎#vegan Cookies of the day Molasses, Lavender and Spicy Dark Chocolate.
Thank you for the follow! Looking forward to checking out your TR soon!
Public Finance Attorney Adrian Patterson Joins Andrews Kurth
Are there still tickets?
get at me bruh I'm producing heavy material my dude all day
We absolutely want to go. We'll likely have the little one with us, but sounds like you may as well? Let's starting locking in plans.
#karmaloop just got a new look! use promo code NEWLOOK with repcode MARYJANEEATER to save 21% + Free Shipping on orders over $75!
Gonna head offline to watch a movie. I maybe back later but if not goodnight all & sweet dreams! :)
Our outdoor patio is now open. Come grab and bite and see what we have to offer
Fields look good so far at Grapevine
#nytm Interesting revenue model even if the site is pink :)
Sorry everyone... I still have lots of work to do at my sister's house. I might take some pictures? Have a great day :)
I like Mendenhall
I put up a photo I took last year at this time as my phone wallpaper. I miss a real Michigan winter so much.
Aw shucks. I love you all too! As a side note, it is well documented that Midwestern Girls are awesome.
As 2 ur attack on People in Glass Houses should not throw stones. I stand w/
Come try out one of our delicious beef burgers! Black Eyed Pea+Pickle+Pork Belly Has goes with the Sweet&Sour Ketchup quite well!
will never notice me.. and i cant stop the tears because nobody will take me to see him in milwaukee, i love cody soo much :,(
Ready for game time!! At Ruby Tuesdays getting our pre-game eats on. Another table of 5 #BBN fans here as well. We took over
And the only problem about him is that he's not you..
...agree completely, including the necklace....
Good morning! :)
I AM SORRY BUT YOU KNOW WHAT BOTHERS ME? TO SEE A CONSCIOUS SISTER TALKING ABOUT REVOLUTION WITH PRADA HIGH HEEL BOOTS ON!
Thanks bro...that really means alot to me....
I'm still bitter about the time you made fun of my hair.
You win sum you lose sum. But you live to say IM IN MIAMI BITCH!!!!!! LMFAO!!!
Ha Ha! Can't say as I don't have a hash tag! I'm sure there's an easy solution. Sellotape one on?
Best in Law Blogs : The LexBlog Network : March 21, 2012
Great idea!
And i need to color my hair. Smh. Im slackin.
I love you. I am pretty sure I don't know every single thing about you, but it doesn't take much to love you.❤
Rules are made to be broken
All of the worlds problems can be solved with mangos.
lol that's just how i imagined it goin down
been trying to get to watch but she's resisting.
About to watch the Advanced Teen Conservatory Perform at in Evanston!
Absolutely! Addictions come in many sizes, shapes & colors. Change is inevitable, but growth is a choice.
Your always my first choice<3
Sometimes the only thing you can do is shake your head and laugh.
that shit can effect things you didnt even know it was effecting
She gon gimme dat pussy one of deese days...
Hi Derrick, thank you for the mention and for your support. Stay safe!
Check out i think you'd find it interesting.
#thanks bill for follow- InSpotter app
This teacher makes me wanna kill myself 
Mine is stuck with me if he wants it or not ;) RT : RT if your favorite went HEEL, he would still be your favorite.
ok kool i will do that :-)
Maybe it should've been "text what significance bananas has to 1D to win floor tickets" haha. not just "bananas". Oye.
This Friday the 13h! 147 Bleecker St, NY @ Bitter End We're on at 7, so come early! Our last show in New York for a while!
Looking forward to Game 2 to TDBank tonight! KG is playing his best basketball as a Celtic. Much more assertive on offensive end then 2008
I have people you have to email them with how many pages you want and the content you need and they'll get you a quote
every song minor threat released was a hit, even though there weren't a whole lot
Thank you L'Enfant for sharing lunch with us today. Lots of first timers today. Welcome to the Ficellenian club to all of you!
Sounds like an awesome night!
Starting my day with two photo sessions at Nisbet Park in Loveland. What a beautiful morning!
sorry little behind ;)
Dang it #Lakeshow :'(
*Fetus drops the beat* If you wanna get with me, there's some things you gotta know. If I knock a bitch up then that baby's...
✋“: By a show of hands, who misses the trees in the batters eye? #Targetfield”
Everyone get ready! Within the next 2weeks I'll be with bustin out those NEW tracks! Let's go
tell your daughter I have a big surprise for her on Wed. ;)
be careful girls and be safe...take a lot of pictures of the place luv ya
y'all suck I guess y'all already trying to make the lakers win title let the trade happen you bitch ass hoes i want gasol in Houston
your litteraly like 4 miles away from my house right now. This picture is like a slice of home haha
girls in houston beautiful handmade fair trade flats to stand out for limited time for $45 dlls! c´mon help us sell out tis first collection
I dream to humungous heights; You dream in a minute manner
And theres really no cure! #Melanoma cases rising
Man I roasting today. I'm such a baby.
I posted official statement from Mylan that I just received on my fb page, The Allergist Mom. happy they pulled this ad!
Merry Christmas!
Leadership is a way of thinking
NYC is rainy and gross. How do you motivate yourself to make healthy choices on these type of days?
I'm forty and spent a good half-hour today decorating my room with cotton balls.
Boy, am I glad I boiled both packs of ramen.
21 today, now we can all party hard !
A strong lady high five!
Congrats! I hope you're bringing it!
Whether or not you think you can, you're right. You determine your destiny.
Really bored i hate school :-(
Alright! Let me know :) I'm going to bed, talk to you later!
The emerald city is tranny
nice work brutha. Stoked for all these folks
You are correct dear friend! I linked the two accounts, but I still don't know how to do anything in Google+ (sad but true!)
Anybody got a seagull we can use as a prop in BIRDS OF PARADISE - we open Feb. 12th
about to line up for a 20-yard field goal attempt.
Nothing ever surprises me about the power of ALPHA. Just think of the magnitude and impact of the King Memorial after its dedication Sun.
With Magic/Wrecking Ball I didn't like the 1st singles at all. Bad 1st impression, remedied w/ whole album listen.
It's just not right for him to be taking Vinny's place on that ABDC stage.
you already know baby girl (;
Follow me! Notice me!
It was awesome! Great crowd & a great outcome. RT : Great Game! Right ?"
Haven't seen the boyfriend video yet. WHY
Saw the Lucky One yesterday!! And met the guy who plays Victor Miles for the 3 time!! Really good movie!!
Ethan should of bought a Southern Style Burger and a 16oz Ribeye .. ashamed of himself
not yet. We will tweet you when it's okay.
Is there really that much to say about the Titanic? Yawn.
Invite abundance into every moment of every day, then notice how it appears.
Wow homecoming was so fun!!!
end of March
Atta girl, Miss Wisconsin!
Least favorite day of the year, first day with no baseball :-(
Girls who like the same music as you >>>
Band kid: im going to Myrtle beach and you will be in school Me: but your still in band
you mean big big get for Adidas
text me
Discover how Amish Shah REALLY made over $5 million last year in CPA Marketing. This video is something else. EXACT BLUEPRINT!...
I think he's a good, young back, but he's not great and he can't overcome everyone in the league knowing what McD is going to call
Just winging it but prepared.
He was just chillin and snapped lmao just started wresting um
Just went cone-ing! AMAZING! -Alana
eco tip: cut up your 6 pack plastic drink holders, so there's no chance an animal could get tangled and suffocate! #recycle ya'll
The road to success is not a clear path, but remembering that their are many roads to reaching your destination.
"LOVE" is a word that been created by imperfect human to express their inner feelings of lust -rita_amira
thank you, kind sir!
I love born this way ball tour please go to Peru i need in Peru-Lima
Today, All Wild Things are quiet... Thank You #MauriceSendak May your Great Rumpus now truly begin!
Building a #mediawiki server at the new job.
you mean like I'm deferring my maxed-out donation?
JERSEY SHORE TIME!! YEAH BUDDY!
Not just a tech myth, but a myth that fully satisfies modern humans' need to explain this world we live in today.
Did anyone hear about the gun saftey instructor that shot himself in the head while explaining how mistakes happen with careless people
I'm starting a #hipsters jogging blog. They look so silly.
But middle fingers to you cowards
Taking my college English placement test this morning. Pretty stoked on going back to school. Fingers crossed I only have to do this once
all generations are game for discussion!--Hi, should have responded from this acct--if a discussion happens pls let me know.
So excited to finish up the new album!
I'm from Atlanta & would love 2 recommend u to my contacts there. Send ur tour dates & I'll spread the word!
pumped to watch y'all play friday in Houston :D
#1DVEVO I deserve to win because I've devoted my life to 1D.Bought the albums, got them on iTunes, waited in line for hours & I support them
7th hour ruins my day! No matter what mood I'm in!!!
thanks Brad!
YAAY !! I actually want to see it 😄
Obvs I'm not an agent, but H. Cupala put "scbwi grant winner" in subj line of her e-queries and had an almost 100% request rate!
finally opened in San Diego!! Happy New Year to me!!
20 and done.
Cutting out of work early to go to umpire training. Nice night for it!
Don't sit on your legal rights. Equity favors the vigilant. Call us today - 619.338.9500
He that walk with wise men shall be wise
Stop by Los Cabos in the Legends to celebrate our 1 year anniversary! Tonight's special is ALL kids eat free and $1.50 mexican beers!
"Never let a lack of talent get you down." -Dead Man's Bones.
We want to hear your stories! Share with us your latest business success story.
you in town oct 10 -17? Would love to meet up.
Nice double for Bryce Harper
never seen the black but the red is pretty
haha m girl do you know how many tweets I ocassionally get from people dissing you like B use to haha
You like science fiction, me too. Who is your most inspiring author? I like Zelazny(fantasy) and Asimov. I like Farmer too
is back in the office today after spending yesterday working
Girl ": “ I stays messin with them out of state boys...” I feel you!"
But on the east coast is already 16 so HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!
shut up braids
ugh i want to text you that i wanna see you but i refuse to.
you still play competitively or just for fun?
#music :D
In the books whilst my lovely lady is throwing down in the kitchen... Broke but #winning, lol
Watching the best #community episode ever. Well played
what is the project about?
you know how some parties have people entertaining the kids or just whoever is there? Well that's what she's gonna be doing
Thanks Jesse! Today is what, day 8? How long do you think #occupyportland will last?
My legs feel oh so soft ;)
Go ahead. Take the day off.
Good luck to everyone running the #BostonMarathon tomorrow. Stay hydrated early.
Time to get some sleep. Good night all
There is seriously too much to watch on Netflix, especially now that they've added all the cheesy 80's shows!
hell yeah!
The biggest story from yesterday is how you're twisting the HHS ruling. The Catholic Church is BIG BUSINESS!
Fear reminds us that something's are worth over coming...
Dougherty speaking now. Enthusiasts make things that they love and share it with others.
You can't do back-flips, you don't know karate! You're White Trash
It wasnt that hard anyways.
All-van singalong to Black Star.
ha ha no I'm not ok it is snowing here and all icy outside :( lol
2 straight days of swimming from venue to venue takes its toll, Hoss
Garth Brooks show was absolutely amazing!!
happy happy hump day ♥♥♡♡♥♥
Thanks for reminding me. I need someone to tell me that every once in a while. :) <3
Just read the sweatest thing from
tweet ur big freedia booty battle video game score to me and !
it's good to know someone misses me! Sorry I wasn't there to entertain you the past 3 days.. At least you have
I look forward to your tweets. My MA graduate studies were in personal learning networks and generations.
This is what makes us girls, we all look for heaven and we put our love first
it was broken trust which threw out the camel's back not a $20 vintage straw hat and the big head it rested on
I don't think MTV even knows what music is anymore!
Why do i feel like pizza hut is doomed?
well, I'm hoping they come in diff colors
Oh, man. Two nights running, I can't fall asleep until 3 hours before I have to wake up to go to work. This is really messing with me....
oh u know doin my thang
#iThankGod for giving us another day to be with our children, our loved ones
Ha. Ha. Double Rainbow!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you`re about say the line on set and the producer jump all over you! What is happening?
back on Twitter??
Andrew Bynum was like "Brown can't yell at me for launching this one!"
not to mention 50 Tyson still goin hard in these streets though.
Joe Watkins, just because you speak softly doesn't make your words hurt less. #nerdland Grace is much, much more.
I love sleepin durin a thunder storm
Michigan pays for students to take the test too. High school is to Industrial Era- college is to globalization/technology
hahahaha no I was just out of words :) there's a rematch coming your way
thats pretty good. i have 3 brackets, best score being 21
just rocked the forum. We must strengthen Medicare, S Security, Affordable Health Care, create jobs!
Don't believe the lies, look me in my eyes, please don't be scared of me
Why are there so many beautiful women everywhere you look? Where are all the beautiful men?
you tweeted and you're not on tour?
we are glad that you enjoyed it!
Just got back from *marching in the Chicago Pride Parade*!!!!!
No such thing as a "hand out" with me. I earn what I need, take what I want, and leave y'all with the rest~iQ
what if I invited you to mine ?
Florida Man Promises Debt Collecting With a Heart - The Ledger
Hey Everyone! If I play a game that asks questions about Austin and the winner gets a shout out will ya'll play? ~Sara
When a movie is good, it deserves to be mentioned: The Avengers.
I really wanted to reunite with Molly today 
I'll have it up in the next couple of days.
happy birthday el duderino!
I have never sweat so much in my whole life
social media makes you discoverable/ make it easy to find your accounts as possible/ put useful info out there - content that is retweetable
Yes, indeed. Right up my alley. Thanks, Jennel!
Custies are clamoring for treats for Friday's fried all day for 420 holiday
NP. Have a great week.
Holy crap!
Going to H2 tomorrow with my fam
annd i take that back again. Free any time before 5 now.
it was worth a shot. Uh still got that $10?
Just believe in your dreams
i love <3
Daily exercise opening and closing the candy drawer in mr. Smarts room oh luc
Hey, it takes time for the design to show up. We'll let you know when it's updated =)
omg, Jacob thinks he caused my pain when he hit me in the stomach with a baseball...not even lol
I could've sworn I just heard on of the announcers refer to the #Hawks ball movement as "bowel movement." Accurate either way, actually.
Contractors Accused in Home Improvement Scam
Coaching 1st and 2nd grade boys baseball. First practice today. Prayers appreciated.
"i wasnt drunk" "dude you were making out with a pumpkin because you thought it was cinderella
You think the dudes you with is with you?
Raise the standard by living it
no body scan for me... #coachella here I come!
Wow, that is DEDICATION.
Unfortunately it has to hit home, for some people to realize the effects it has on the patients and family.
i get ur messages as a text and i was just responding. now my fb wall is all fucked up
Storyteller Anne Shimojima is driving from Chicago to Indianapolis today. We will have dinner together.
RIP Seau RT : San Diego #Chargers owner Dean Spanos announces the team has officially retired Junior Seau's jersey
surprised you have weighed in on Pep stepping down.
Wow! Lots of people got married on May 15...
Im exhausted, depressed, angry, stressed and just frustrated all this wweekkk N i dont know why!!
Bored & hungry!!!
We will be releasing another update to the registration process later tonight. Please check back tonight or tomorrow morning for more info.
Check out Posh the Salon on Channel 2 tomorrow morning at 8:30!
it was a flop
My sons b-day was yesterday:-) your still my baby at any age xoxoxoxoxo
I quit -___- Spotify is clearly trying to tell me something.
Great day for us traders as we hit our EGT target with ease not once but twice way to intraday trade.. over 10% profits both times
that's true, I've been watchin dc united
what song?
I often agree with KO's views but am disappointed by churlish off-camera behavior. Grow up Keith.
Had a blast last night and this morning with family and friends..2012 has gotten off to a great start!
RT Im not bout to play with playing on the show
at home cleanin what a productive day..... #fun...not!
Glow in the dark frisbe or make-up...? Yeah. Glow in the dark frisbe
sounds good I guess don't be a stranger
#downtownLV is where it at! Check out SO much to do!
Today is definitely a Smashing Pumpkins day (and that's a good thing)
How crazy do you have to be to get beads put in your dick.
It will be interesting to see how physicians will be compensated for time they spend reading/sending social media to/from patients
My daddy's in Lincoln:)
the calls in this game are absurd.
Love you too!!! Dinner/movie night soon? Plus we need to plan our next lady date with
I suppose both. But I'm trying to figure out what I want to do, I'm looking at design, but wouldn't mind looking in other fields.
Originally from Minnesota, joined the military and got stationed in Norfolk. I hate Chicago sports so KC was the next closest.
This just made our Friday!: RT : If loving is wrong, I don't want to be right.
Thanks for following us + Happy Friday!
« I get so sad when I drop my phone, but so happy when I pick it up and realize i didnt break it»
OMG i want the new leopard toms!
Bored af, so don't mind me tweeting my whole life. K.
Love my KSU friends, but rooting for Ark. tonight because 1. I was born in Little Rock. 2. The Fighting Razorback is a MUCH cooler mascot.
#SaySomethin WAS AMAZING <3 OMG. Best. Song.
Writing about SEO - what are your tips for small companies? Cc:
If you say so. #glug glug
almost falling asleep in the shower at 5:10 am. <<<
this constrained product issue blows. I logged in tried to buy the ish and it said sold out after I entered all my info. CMON WTF
do have list of candidates or sitting congressmen who stand behind #occupywallstreet beside and ?
This game probably means I won't be ironing my shirt tonight...hope my Godson understands.
thanks b.love !
"Beyond Belief" -- documentary about two 9/11 widows who determine to help afghan widows.
Good night world, buenas noches... xo
if u can and see this, please follow me back ? :)
hahahah yeah!!! Just living right now!
so i've got many to spare and wine is a great option for a night like this :)
looks slightly underwhelmed an embarrassed at the same time
right!! But this guys house is totally secluded, I could go tanning and not have to worry about tan lines! No one would know
Setting up my banking account after school!
Ha! Thank you!
hahah true that
i told my friends i dont have tumblr....... i got a scar 0.0
Oh! There you are. Haven't seen you *forever! Come back and poof! Artwic's gone. Off to work; come back. Sort of back? Hmm?
Gasol str8 up has sucked these last couple of games faqin soft I'm seeing ! Give McGee & Faried more pts dawg.
Only if it's in a different shower, Nobody likes a flaccid experience.
classic is classic because its 4ever lovely, wearable. Id much rather buy that than a one season wonder.
I keep telling my family that!!!
“: NOT GUILTY”
what happened?!
I was actually happy staying home for Spring Break.
is it too late?
how many times have u watched it?
maybe bring a lawn chair with you?
Sit n' Spin, explains a lot about my childhood, & current mental state.
with u all <3
Watched the ESPN film again on Chris Herron what an inspiring story def someone to look up to. Are all the 30 for 30's this good?
RT! “: Sex songs is the best songs”
Me: "I still want to shave my head"... : "no"
Saw a news clip today about how technology (ipads/itouchs/phones) are replacing paper completely in some schools.
We just might have a surprise for to show them how much we really love them keep your fingers crossed ;]
if ever on the look out for custom furniture in any Benjamin Moore color. Please let us help. Heard good things about you.
u no u like it wen i call u that ha
hahaha....you could say that.
fixed my problem, apparently updating the RPM uninstalls extra pack and that breaks VRDP,
last I heard, hanging with Waldo
Oh damn...starting to freak out for my speech tomorrow now DX...shoulda practiced more (>_<)
You are frickin hilarious!
iPhone bitches!
but to imply claims are meritless rings hollow, IMO.
Guy From Men's Wearhouse Commercials for President 2012!
RT If one more person calls me "Lil booty", imma knock the shit out of em! 😡 ««fucking liars
Rebels on the hunt for
What am I going to see at Tribeca? suggestions, please.
What is your favorite camping receipe? Let us know...
holy santa claus shit!
#YouWereCuteUntil i found out you talked too alotta girls.
MSP fliers: Are you enrolled in the Global Entry program? Contact me at .
However well it may function, iTunes is intended to create lock-in. Librarians should recognize that as a problem.
Holy cow cut copy is fun
Awesome! We are glad you enjoyed it! Make sure you check out all the local businesses on RepeatReciept too!
TX for MT, NK
Regrettably, yes it was my first time seeing it. I'm catching up with all the flicks I've been meaning to watch :)
Our Hibachis will be fired up for your Halloween enjoyment all day!!
work them long nights
Yes we are use code "listlove" and you'll get $5 off any shirtshop…so the $4.99 ones are free. That's pretty damn cheap eh?
re: nice, man. Most likely it was the black color that you approved of . . .
the msm darling and billionaire's baby at #1? ALL by saying nothing. Great reporting.
please follow !its JADENS OFFICIAL ARMY!Tell your followers to do the same <3 thanks! OH! and they follow back!
Like if I should make another YouTube video !
S/O to Robbie Hummel! Great career and leader! Great role model, 2 ACL surgeries and still doing what he does!
haha naturally, or I would've seen you.
The tomb is empty. He is Risen as He said. Thank you, Jesus.
Come here, let me hold you. Have I told you lately I love you like crazy?
Become Mogul Street Promotion Team and get free tickets and promo material when Retweet our comments!!! R/T
“: We should break up into teams. Each team focuses on one part of the selfish conservative extremism that has crippled America.”| Yes!
Then you may need a lawyer if understanding it is important or necessary.
Cranberries on 102.5. Good morning world :)
starting the day off right w/ a hearty band bfast, full set run through, and then it's time!!!
The Celtics/Lakers combined have more rings than the whole league put together. These new Voltron teams will never catch up no matter what.
I think I need some new sneakers, just so I can have an excuse to say: Yo, check out my 'kicks'!
Nate Silver is almost single-handedly responsible for my online subscription to The NY Times.
great great news!
That's why you do the Basa Nova afterwords!
"Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve.” -Wilfred Peterson
Thank you for following.. and retweet xD
Someone will have to remind me is on the Today Show next Friday.
I'd go to Digital but it's too expensive =\ Oh well .
it's about time I got to teach you something. Let's say I owe you a few years of advice.
I haven't asked. It's due tomorrow, I'm just trying to get it done.
Watching Napoleon Dynamite :D hahaha
Put in Douglas instead of bibby!!
RT : Calling all fans of and you may not want to stray too far away from your radios...
Your decisions affect the destinies of others. Choose wisely...you are not just living for yourself!
You're either running from or to victory - Bishop Sheridan McDaniels - Preach!
Have you tried any of these design crowdsourcing platforms? We prefer keeping our design in-house.
Goin to see my favorite dj of all time tonight :) can't wait for this day to go by :)
If you're interested in coworking, check out 's work.
Oosthuizen and Petterson are obviously having a contest to see who can wear the most ridiculous pair of sunglasses. Good lord.
both of you shut up
I love your avitar!!! Made me smile today
He's a gamer...I'm sure he'll be good to go!
Congrats to 'Briefcase' actor John Zderko for his role tonight on 'The Mentalist!'
It's been at least 17 years since my grandmother died. My dad is just now reading her will. I haven't met her, but it's an emotional moment.
Fuck! I can't find videos for Warped Tour 2012!! Um... maybe because it hasn't started you fucking idiot!!! Hahaha wow!!! xD
dOENST tHIS tWEET lOOK lIKE a rANSOM nOTE?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
At 10 a.m., CM will offer a $75K reward for information on the killing of two graduate students.
Grown ass women that mind everyone elses business but their own....
No milk will ever be "our" milk.
RT : Big #FF the 13th for - one of my longest running Tweeps. Books, reading, writing. Good stuff. -->thx!
Alfonso Soriano is the world's greatest soccer player.
beautiful day for outdoor fucking
Getting my library card was like citizenship; it was like American citizenship. - Oprah Winfrey (via librarianista)
Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church - Corner of W Commerce & Gen McMullen! Los Despoz performing w/
just watched it and I agree. His range is amazing!
Limbaugh is now making inappropriate racial comments about the death of #TrayvonMartin. What a sick man!
Planning a vacation this #MemorialDay? We've got your staycation ideas right here, just ask! Using hashtag
I can’t explain what I mean. And even if I could, I’m not sure I’d feel like it.
James is wearing see through shorts...
One more user name change, just finding the right one: C_Wycks , so put me under !
God I need to go to Mexico and talk to my parents ASAP
senior design project nothin. IP laws
Followed you back!
Appreciate all the Foodspotting posts! Glad you enjoyed
that's very nice of you to say - same to you! Crazy weird beers sound great!
GOOD JOB AUSTIN<3 You done great(:
naw mufukas is not smart out here..people act white
Good afternoon, Twitter. Give a warm Wednesday welcome to
Excited for to open this Spring!
you read Bayou? So awesome
Tina Turner's real name is Annie Mae Bullock.
thanks everyone who came to the Hotel Utah Saloon last night! what fun! sorry for the minor sound issues...
All great achievements require time. - Maya Angelou
OH UH OH.
The wheel a.k.a. my husband is quite the pizza maker these days. Crust from scratch and all. thin whole wheat crust has really evolved.
... just told that I fed the baby to the sea lions at the zoo today...he nodded at me and said ok
Well it was good season while it lasted...
I love sharing good energy
this means one thing..... Lasertron take her down haha
Hey! I've been laying low, trying to stay out of trouble! How have you been?!
Oh my. I didn't realize you were so young! Many happy returns! :-)
Ask me questions!!! Anything and everything, about me, you, anyone!? I'm bored! :P
cuz dem police aint got nuffin on me! :D
If I understand you, you're saying roughly the same thing, but the opposite way I would have stated it.
reminds me of think-plan-do in elementary school
Wow. #coffeescript is sweet once you start learning about conditionals and operators.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys❕
“Per usual, this was a HUGE hit.” We make the uncommonly good meal commonplace. :)
is finishing the grant to turn over to the Office of BlahBlahBlah (long, inscrutable name—they get necessary approvals & submit the grants)
RT : "One of the major causes for failure is the unwillingness to take the time to set & write down your goals"
Great way to start the day, VCU,elon,clemson,columbia,NIT, SC state at Oak Ridge
When meeting strangers, what do you usually talk about?
i got a new bestfriend! shout out to (:
20 minutes to kill...why is it moments like this that I can think of nothing to occupy myself with?
There sure are! Moms and moms-to-be are welcome. Please feel free to share!
no omg
Enjoyed the Sheridan volley - Always entertaining when you stir the pot with some of these guys- Keep up the great work
Time to end another tweet drought. Greetings, Twitterverse!
Yikes! That's painful... or a genius way to promote 'Bite Me': get well!
His wife needs to be a member of Celebrity Spouses. She needs a healthy support system.
Awe , I Think I Meant To Txt That lol
Rumors have it Dan Wheeler will be sent down to the minor leagues. Thank god.
A part of you has grown in me, together forever we shall be, never apart, maybe in distance, but not in the heart
who's your favorite?! :)
nice! Will re-purpose immediately
Sals getting sick, and andrew is grounded, lol but never Will we say that's going to stop us from doing our thing! :p
Bitch, your body has been used more then google.
you should try on 3rd. Simply amazing baked doughnuts that'll blow. Your. Mind!
is so slow she thought "easy" was spelled "eazy" lmao. My friend need some grammar lessons lol
Back to me being a Mother: I've been doing these words of the day for a while now, & haven't committed to them as I should.
Jews & sex??? Yup! We're talking about it live on www.radiokolamerica.com with !
sorry i have been gone way too long ! new topic anyone heard of the human library?? i want to see how many know about it before i post it.
Can't say I've read it. I do love a tearjerker though.
I feel good. Our goal is very obtainable if everybody does their part. This isn't 2010.
Want to ask Dave how Kurt died
Hey im a Belieber and this is crazyy but heres my twitter so follow me maybe? (;
I haven't been up to much of anything
I usually go to the nonfiction section first!
Wow Hangover 2 is painful to watch!
Yeah??? I know u ain't that simple...add FUNKK n ART to that! Peace 17!
feeling a bit uncomfortable about my own body after seeing Harvey Keitel naked in The Piano
was Colts renouncing rights to Pitcock mutual decision? we kept him on reserve/injured list so long, y not try comeback in Indy?
It's really weird to be coming home from school by 5. Granted, I'm going to do more work, but still.
Fix yourself please.
oh ok well things will be aaaaaok lollx
Wow... What a terrible night this is turning into
So much to do before school starts!
HAPPY EASTER TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY .. Text me . We need to do something tonight or tomorrow
Loving listening to Diller speak: he is a curious person, lifelong learner, and great story teller.
Nothin like a good 'ol game of temple run at 3AM
we'll get around to it at some point today
that's terrible! : (
Oh boy. Rocket city rednecks' Travis Taylor up now.
Haikeet #4: o plastic food box/ yummy compartments munch crunch/ so full, now empty
yes. Extremely pissed.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
brb, trying to learn the lyrics to say somethin.
thanks! you've been up I anything either??
amazed, huh? I take it you aren't an advocate of the low promise over deliver strategy ...
oh! music to my ears. thanks for sharing!! i'm now following!
Last welcome to new followers meant to include ; typo in last Tweet; it's early java still making their way to brain cells.
my mom said i can hit first
I'm wearing a dress to dinner tonight omg.
Ads fall to the Heat 4-2 and are swept out of the playoffs.
Rocking out to Z100 in the car on the way home.... #Idontwannago!
Chris Hardwick "Singled Out was a human fluid transfer experiment."
Off To Pay Off These Damn FInes And Getting My License Back
no one likes you so please stop calling me names thank you.
Dan McKinnon~ Remember your past mistakes just long enough to profit by them.
lls how am i gonna miss u nd we talkin rite now???
#ShoutOut To My Homie 4 Showin Me Sum Luv N Throwin My Beats On His Site Everyone Follow Him! & Me!
Haven't tweeted in a minute...y'all miss me?
you obviously should.
I say tuna. But I do say catfish.
Christmas is not as much about opening our presents as opening our hearts.
Good morning! Happy Friday! How is everyone!
interview on - looking sharp and sounding like the classy pro that he always was!
"I have read your book, an its an excellent read." by author
36 Drafts on Sale for 2 Dollars
have fun you guys! Hope to see you both soon!!
“: Boys, you can keep your "swag". Men have class.”
just hit 300 followers... #sweetness I do need some feed back from each and every one of you... I need songs and ideas for songs!
Sumone always told me I'll make something out of myself.
hooray! We have some baby watermelons getting ready to fruit in our garden :)
my sister used to eat ketchup and white bread sandwiches #mysiblingisweird... am i right ?
norcal, 45 min away from sacramento
31 followers away from a autograph giveaway
my ears are burning.
Had lunch in Detroit with Mrs. Brill and Ms. Andrews.
Nice site. I'll make sure to check in with you now and then.
YOU WILL BURN IN HELL FOR YOUR LIES!
too bad no one else does. . (*shrugs).
haha alright sounds good! I might get cleared to start walking again tomorrow though!
Guys, don't get me started.
i miss tweeting thru my fone. :'[ hopefully i get it back soon tho =]
Real shit, I be wanting to hang out n shit but I don't fux wit too many ppl
just finished your show--find it depressing libs have started talking about ACA in the past tense. Zeke E did last night also.
Fix the problems at the source. Demand reform make it illegal to give money to politicians. We can find a better way to choose our leaders.
I hate being late. No matter where I'm going.
Guess I should unfollow & block him & his disciples!
it's okay I have been watching videos of my future husband!
With #MarriageEquality since 2004, Massachusetts still has the lowest divorce rate in the nation. Eat that, bigots.
yeaa right that's a lie ...
I knew I always liked u
Hurting this morning...thanks everyone for coming last night
Animal Hoarders is the new Intervention, just sayin'...
Ron arrest is a fucking punk
I woke up like O.O and then i remembered i dyed my hair blonde
The calls in this series have been total BS. Bad officiating is what will cost the #Blackhawks everything.
That is the best cookbook ever. I think everyone should have that in their stack. What are you making?
lmmfao I will b waiting!!!!
o yea bitch the only thang dirty is yo big pussy tighten up slut learn to close ur legs & mouth
cause , it was just ..... So much sexiness ! Lol
How conceited are these "coaches" on #thevoice? Dominating the duets, even Christina choosing her own song? Puke America!
no, we aren't dating, I don't even think he likes me like that!
RT Everyone in your life is a teacher. If u see it like that u can drop any negativity & go about your day w/ gratitude!
": Daily #Twisdom, on the great Yogi Berra's 87th birthday: When you come to a fork in the road... take it." 1 of my favs
Thanks! Looking forward to another great WordCamp!
thx for the follow! Really looking fwd to your tweets! Pls let me know if there's ever anything I can do!
hey from wat part of puerto rico are u from im from ansco puerto rico ??
Oceans 11 marathon.
Denver couldn't deal with Lakers size in the end...OKC/LA 2nd round should be interesting..
Hollywood flacks: have a movie coming out? Stick actor in Lakers crowd, hve Van Gundy screen it. (Couldn't stop gushing re Denzel/Safehouse)
A good mentor offers directions and driving tips from the back seat. You still have to drive the car. - Michael Johnson
Happy lovely February!
hey... make me famous... I'm ready to be in one of your movies!!!
Y would U believe #MittRomney in 2004 he believed on gun control, choice and public medical care. Now we he doesn't. We deserve better.
Wow there is a lot of people in church today! Lmao at those pretending they weren't bad at the club last night.
writing this paper for my MIS. Tired ass hell.
Giant fire pit with the fattest logs I've ever seen by the National Christmas Tree. I had no idea.
Searching for the perfect adjective for Bill O'Reilly. Which do you think works more: "rancid" or "festering"?
U don't no what a dog could mean to some one
What memories are you making with your brand's fans today?
My kids suffered severe emotional abuse, psychological abuse, and walked on egg shells. Bio-moms ultimate abuse act was abandoning them.
"We should never b discouraged by the problem being 2 big...we just have 2 do it 1 school, 1 parent, 1 college @ a time." Tim KIng
hosting the 2012 Spring Job Fair today - Come visit for #sales opportunities
have an epic time!
A3. Baked Potato & Steak! RT: Q3: What ingredients are a perfect match for chives?
well good night i guess :// test tommoroww
Actually Bert, Marquis last faced the Sox in '04 the night they won their first title since '18. Sox 3, STL 0.
Doing the same right now!
I like it cause its awesome. We did well with some signings that went under the radar. Plus big Ers is back.
Does ever get tired of the crazy travel schedule & just want to #chillax? Wondering what would he do?
Hey, any chance you guys will attend JazzAhead? I will be there and would love to meet you!
Webinar: Developing a Comprehensive Plan to Manage and Lower Your RealCost of College™ Thurs Feb 17 at 8PM
Awww! Ok well we miss ya. Daniels getting big already. I think it's time for another one. =p Lol jk!!!
I could watch Anderson Cooper giggle all day. Too cute.
congrats on your win tonight. Looking forward to you dominating the x division. Pls retweet.
He provides his own blouses, whether we're shooting or just hanging out.
Pirates in my Toilet. Classy, I know. :p
Instead I walk around like a zombie this week and pretend that inside everything is ok and it'll all be fine. Even tho I'm melting down
♀If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward♀
i need 20 more followers plz
Only way out of the forest, burn the #ucker down! - Coach Skerry Townson
Lawn mowers be damned. I'm going for #1k1hr at 10am. #amwriting to the deafening sound of grass murdering
but then he'd hate her for it, and wouldn't let Brienne go find Sansa.
Watching Swamp People with Viggle Thu | 9PM | History Get real rewards just for watching TV.
: Just watched Wiz at #WangoTango Thanks
Murders in the black communities are at an all time high...what can we do in our community to stop the violence?
Who said Lebron aint clutch. Swallow a dick
Just a reminder that everyone has assets
I dont know nun about no sports but ppl sure love Kobe
Love your work on Futurama. What advice can you give to a voice actor with one credit to his resume and a following on youtube?
excuse me. Hold your horses.
Time out .
I'm wearing my new jeans that I got from the mall of America :)
Alan Kay, on one of McLuhan's "pithy statements about everything": "If I can't believe it, I can't see it."
yes. in tues late morning
u know gon act up
Thank you!
I love me some
nice! what do you recommend there?
Join the list ..bum ass Nigga
Thats y I dont fuck with to many niggas.... They want to be fake......
RT Still laughing that the Blues denied for a media credential. The NHL is the best. DON'T COVER US!!! STAY AWAY!
My favorite scene in The Avengers is when the heroes yelled at each other until they realized it was the mood slime making them angry.
Check out our wrestling page: www.berecruited.com/high-school-wrestling. Lets us know if you have any questions!
Yep, 7. You could go to the Hilton Sat., too, to try to interview people. I'll be chilling on Humpy Lumpy Lawn 6:25ish if...
RT : Just purchased Articulate's annual carbon offsets from Carbon-neutral companies rock.
just finished your book! Great read, spreading the word to the family and feel blessed to share health and paleo with them!
And the thunderstorm killed our satellite feed.
no it's sick clean it up or your living with Jenni
Really don't need another bag but can't resist this linen and green leather travel bag
have fun, great day for it
RT #Cancer can appear very beautiful.
Thanks for the Sweet reTweet! (Hey! Are you coming to THATCamp HBCU? Love to see you there!)
Happy #Ravens Friday!
Noodle bar.
not giving a fuck is the best way to live
life is too short so take that time, and appreciate. :)
- I didn't know Pam and Shelbey were both thinking about quitting.
There are very few worse places to be when you're sick than a doctor's waiting room.
The Network crashed this morning. Nothing on the Live365 site accessible.
I was glad to see you today
Came to Htown thinkin I would hear artist from Texas on the radio. All u hear is Atlanta music -_-
Q: How do you embarrass an archaeologist? A: Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
Harry potter is starting im gunna piss my pants..
#Spartacus 8 like always I'll be watching twice! One is purely visual the other is obviously to follow the storyline!;)
Coming to town for Grammy-related stuff? Let us know!
Wow Votto, are you getting paid to throw a fit also. I haven't seen you hitting today, that's for sure.
LALALALALALAAAAAA I can't type.
Tx for the follow>
when i'm here for you it's okay to tell me.
hey - are you following you need to!
Thank you, Dan. I look forward to seeing you again in August.
#ThingsKatnissTaughtMe - people will find you more interesting if you wear fire.
Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being that a belch is more satisfying. -- Ingmar Bergman
Good morning Twitterville
its cityglamevents.com. Its awesome and cater to everyone rather your a celeb or not. Check it out. Make sure you follow us back
I need a theatrical agent or manager!!! Are you the next member of Team Elizabeth?
Good morning to my team of beautiful ladys s\o the rest of the #brainiactcamp : )
Sundays 12- whenever at Anodyne!!
We have a Recruiting Specialist and a Recruiting Manager open in Indianapolis, IN!
BRAIN EXPLOSION
40 Years ago today, Apollo 11 launched to the moon. Pella Windows and Doors has been serving the Land of Enchantment (NM) for 40 yrs.
Just because two ppl argue it doesn't mean they don't love each other. and just because they don't argue it means they do!
Verizon FIOS: I wait for you. I call you. You are now wasting more of my time as I have to wait AGAIN for you tomorrow!
Bill Cunningham We Love You
The worst part about sleeping in is knowing that I could continue to sleep all day
RT I wanna dance and love and dance again :)
watch a replay of xlv and make plans for xlvii?
Publisher's archives are good, and they may reveal rejected manuscripts. Also: Even archives reject materials for good reasons.
Soo there's this girl Carla ! Bad! :D
Indeed! Thats how we all do it! I'll show him! RT It's okay, Buffalo is the perfect city to drink that depression away!
": I love my dolls!!!" Bring back my dolls
just download the free kindle app. Kindle version of the book is $5
Tomorrow night. Ace of Spades. Were playin with Eve 6, The Audition and Heros Last Mission . come dance with us
If I had money I would invest in solar energy devices.. I now simply use them, which is ok as well.
that must be scaled down from the Hummer
please please please please please talk to !!
Shaun? Jeff?
Driving around in a jeep with
Either way, rad! You go grrrl!
Thank you car for not letting me drive home from the mall.
Agreed! Very tough category. RT : :( Nicole had the hardest choices to make. Over 30s have the best talent imo.
SMILERS RULE THE WORLD ★
So many wonderful new followers:
On March 26th Venus will conjuncts Neptune making this a day when you will give selflessly. Love in all forms.
Can't wait! 4th Annual just opened up voting & that mean's the show is that much closer. Have you attended any?
lmao, forget about it.
Edge of Darkness was really good. Mel Gibson was fantastic in the lead. Great to see him doing movies again.
Is it worth to prestige?
Copies of SPARKS have arrived! Does listing the bands on my playlists in acknowledgments make me too much of a hipster?
How about "Go steady?" Check box for YES, check box for NO.
oops my bad girl I'm still confused lol are you back yet?? how was it?
Saw a cab driver run in to the Verizon store to pay his bill, leaving his cab open and running on L Street. Fortune favors the bold?
a fist is just one hand praying by itself.
Some people are meant to fall in love with each other, but not meant to be together...
oh hell naw! Dat bitch gon get cut bah me! He needa stop befow I go all ape on him!
Overheard more conversations in French today than English
YES! but only buy them if you get all three and can devote time to them! aka not studying :p
I'm currently performing surgery on my own splinter. :-\ "Scalpel."
go get our free jonas bros cover and our BRUNO MARS cover FREE at www.purevolume.com/swingthecoast woooweeee!
Uploaded my first comic today. Way more fun than downloading. <---- CONGRATS!
Tom Ward Sports Director on NW Sports Tonight talking Ducks/NCAA revelations! 6:05pm
Let the weekend from hell begin...
hey buddy
RIP Patrick longs dumpster kitty depot
Madison Alamia is 's Man nd if She Can't have him than NO BODY Can (: :)ILYShawty<3
Well I'm excited too now!
I am so aggravated
it's opening day and they can't even sell it out?
whats on the agenda:Manager Selection...Hiring the best
I'd wait on you forever and a day.
Happy Birthday!
pure. I think the big question is, How the heck a big corp doesn't have major protection on their computers & files! Lol
I can't wait for your tweets when you start carpool!
Just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
this is going to be a HUGE year for you and the Rage
San Antonio: Spring temps most of the week. Slight chance of shwrs mid-week. Colder end of week. Today: Cloudy to p/c, high 68.
"No measure of time with you is long enough...but we'll start with forever"
Better late than never, but never late is better :)
I love that song!
The Bible contains 6 admonishments to homosexuals and 362 admonishments to Heterosexuals. Gay is Okay!
Oh yes FRIDAY!! I must get my pass!! ;D "SUFFER NOT A WITCH TO LIVE"
a very Merry Christmas to U ! #feelthelove fr
Words of wisdom for : Don't be popped
Help alert! Our Street Outreach clients are in need of XL (or larger) pants (or jeans) and shirts. Thank you for your help!
Haha sorry to bum you out, but I wasn't on that record. I was on the following record "New Again"
when ya gonna make a new standup??
Land btwn 21st & Bridge zoned RS2 when noone will ever build on it; he's 50-ft of RS2, so needs variances; "unique'" property
I have a lot of money cash credit to pay so much, I want to buy, sell, TV,cars, home...FXXXing wanna spend on service, home improvement
do u think so that I should make an account on fb ?
I never watched any of them. I should have known 3 boyfriends ago was wrong for me when he did.
"Creationists make death-threats to Judge Jones after ID-trial"—appreciating history, but why resurrect this 2006 story?
The holiday season has come to a close. How do you make the transition from party-time to back-to-the-grind a bit smoother?
"So where'd you fuck?" - "So, we were scavenging in the dumpster for dumpster bread..." -
I just added a ton of regional blogs to my RSS reader. Do you think 444 subscriptions is too many? Don't answer that.
Happy Happy #2012 to all of my followers!! Thanks for being loyal fans of Kodak! I love you guys!
Good Morning Ms.Adrienne! Nice to have you join us on the O'Dark Early shift! Lookin' Good! Happy Tues!!
Porshe won Part 2 of the HOH, so it will be Rachel vs Porshe for Part 3 and the winner decides who they can get more votes than.
great! Except 'he' couldnt make it cause he's not in town ): but other than that it was fun!
Thanks for the book love!
#MyPastRelationships Taught me who not to be with. Lying fucks like you.
Ms Moyo unfortunately doesn't seem to get that the Goldman Sachs model is responsible for Africa's econ woes.
I sent a message to so lets see what happens. Not sure J would go back but think all the rest would.
Question of the Day: Coupe or Cabriolet?
Feathers in my hair ha
Welcome to the #packerfamily ! I know your dedicated and gonna bring it.
#SignsYourGettingCheatedOn If your women never wears make up but out of nowhere she has make up on.
Good morning! Just like some of us need coffee sometimes your car often needs new oil for that get up and go. We come to you for a change
congrats Marcus! So proud of you!!(:
Read the bit about you wanting to be the next Denzel or Will. Starring in Hangover 3 isn't exactly gonna get you there, bro.
Stellas >> any type of beer
I love you!! Ha what now? :3
is worried about ktbird too.
that's where I wanna!!
Managed to push through an hour and ten minutes on the elliptical. It's 80 degrees in the house. I'm totally drenched.
Ppl need 2 leave alone; her bday was a private event & not a PR stunt. It's pathetic when media abuse your privacy.
So much truth.
Am mis-remembering a quote that goes something like: "...are great, are [something], and because we just plain like you..." Any help? Thx!
you and me both. 😘
You may be the only other person on Twitter who remembers that band! Well done.
Sweet: RT Enjoy veteran TV actor/Founder of The Actors' Network, Kevin E. West, with comic host... fb.me/1eXqbf9dd
I don't blame you. Shit is ridiculous.
thank you, it means a lot
Hey love guess what..were going fishing tonight :) can't wait
there are two.. the second one is just as tight
1,000 tweets...impressive!! I love you! Cant wait to see you next weekend :) You are the best!!
you're a boring person to follow on twitter.
What would happen? Coalition undermined, bloody war, and high costs.
My heart breaks reading obits for 4 young victims of mindless violence last Saturday AM. Young people need hope. Meaningful jobs would help.
#LifeLove&Music in 2 days(: yeah I'm excited!!
I'm praying beer brewing does not go the way the shaving razor. "Triple hops brewed is unmanly, bro. Ours has quintuple hops brewed flavor!"
Water Street 2-10 and then Hellevate at Mo's! Ya'll should be there!
SO EXCITED. CAN'T STUDY ANYMORE. BYE GENETICS.
where is though?
#ILovePeopleThat tweet a lot(:
I know how you feel :(
Whoa now you just said football twice in a tweet, that should help your football klout.
When you REALLY listen to Ron Paul, you will find he says "ya know" in nearly every sentence.
Making Saturday Nights better one CURRY PLATE at a time!!!
doing a little salmon fishing on the Pueget Sound tomorrow..hoping to catch the big one!
my moms cooking too much. i love you tho.
#NoLie "True to ya word"
Yummy weather
Black Gloves - Young Buck
I've been waiting for a text from #oomf all day
New goal: get toned and lose five pounds
Minecraft for xbox.
#DontWifeThatChickIf she ask you for a pair of #redbottoms on the first date lol
Shame on you for talking reason and sense in to me about going to Phoenix haha... Stupid practicalness :)
blasting Robyn, watching tornado coverage, no roommate, and friends coming over in 20 mins.
what type of bitch would I be to hold you up!?, you need someone to hold you down!
☼ AH ha HA HA ha China good luck with that. I got a big laugh out of that, thanks.
Yes, Tony Kushner's "The Illusion" in the parking garage below the business school.
almost a year and a half...hes gettin big
It's already 9:30 and I need to do my hair, my geometry packet, and study.
oh... so this is what it feels like when all my hw is done early.
on my long & super boring drive I drank a Nos, but it wasn't the same w/out u :-/ #fail lol
"Have no friends not equal to yourself." RT
thanks for coming last night!!
Ugh i wanna go back to sleep
thanks for the follow :)
Why on earth it takes me forever not to be Mad? This is why what I Love about #Myself? I don't Hold Grudges at all!!
would LOVE to see Skip Bayless wear your #Ballsoharduniversity Tshirt!!
Dueling tweets inform me it's both Teacher Appreciation Week and Mental Health Awareness week. Seems appropriate.
Preview Site Launched at www.theaterconnects.com. Be a part of the movement to support theater professionals around the world!
OH: "He's got a great hockey smile."
i will be back ppl - 1 min got to make a store run
I told Sabrina I am going to pistol grip her ponytail and drag her home. Lord she looks sexy!!!! <3
Re-reading 'The Corrections' as a special treat! Recently finished 'Middlesex'-also 'Poser'--all wonderful!
not sure but new update fixes it
Now it stopped snowing downtown.
Did you know parents don’t have the right to boot out adult children living at home without often going to court?
Saw Richard Stallman speak at UMD yesterday. Some good stuff, but the guy seems a little psychotic to me, albeit pretty smart...
Pplz play to much!
Wonder If I should wear this baggy hoodie to school or just change it.
We are also helping w/a media wrkshp to teach 12 undocumented youth to share stories. I will send them the submission link.
#prelingerlibrary is also acquiring the Epicenter zine library from the punk rock hangout zone, bookshop, & library (16th&Valencia, 1990s)
yoga pants tomorrow. And she said every day this week except tuesday!
i must be the dumbest iphone owner ever. 😳
this picture makes me super emotional !!! He's beautiful
Pleased to meet you Rich. Thanks for the follow!
Founders Day Festival Halloween tweets! Scary Seattle history...follow for more.
so its that time
Always the Skip•It.
I only give my pets names that I think would also make very secure passwords. "Come here, MaximusVonWeinerheimer1982!"
I beg to differ ;-) RT Ferris Bueller aint got sh*t on my day off.®
wanna get the prom tickets today?
ha! RT : Peyton Manning might have to move all his future workouts to Lehigh
it's true, and was hilarious...": This chick just opened her phone and it was her naked!!! #sundayfunday"
I decided something, while eating my eggs benadict.... Next year, I'm going to the Arnold! ;)
How's the bench taste?
Yes tons of Value Practical Assignments
how come the year i'm not going to be out of town is the year that is happening? :P
is about to take one giant step forward or make several steps back. I hope I make the right decision.
I'm a survivor, I really made it, I will survive, KEEP ON SURVIVIN'!
Pork disgusts me
You got that right!
next time i should lie, the truth is inconvenient .
Have a great time!
New topic - Heart of stone...
Thanks for the support! Don't know yet. Any suggestions!?
On tonight's Big Bang Theory, Raj's sister comes to visit and starts to cause problems for Raj. Tune in at 6:30!
And what's this about a headband?
Team means Together Everyone Achieves More!
I wanna kno if that Joshua dude has a twitter
thats what i thought when i first got twitter
Sign in the window of a store in the Rockaways: "EVERYTHING 1/2 FREE!"
When you're going to #eatlocal & it starts raining, its nice to have the tree-lined streets of #lincolnpark to keep you dry.
Gotta love parents yelling across the library at their kids.
lol well considering I don't smoke cigarettes, I guess it kind of is hahah
NYC is closer to me to ^^
The Heat couldn't get a rebound if they were playing middle school girls.
St louis snow fall may only be a few inches but don't let that fool you, it can be more dangerous travel than heavy snow fall
Watched Penn State beat Kent State today 24-0. Very unsatisfying win as our offense played terrible.
Heaven knows it's a crazy ride it's never perfect all the time it will pull you down and send you flying so hold on tight on this crazy ride
are you in new Orleans yet?
umm the mad hatter on once upon a time??? CAN I PLEASE???!
So was it Bush who is responsible? Seems like not all the snipers are in Tripoli...
we all know that preferential treatment is S.O.P., it's just that basing it on how active a person is online is crazy talk
Standby for updates regarding school closing tomorrow. As of now we are OPEN. We follow all Miami-Dade Public Schools, unless otherwise told
#walkingdead turning up the zombie heat..
Lots of talent in #SWFL — you did not let me down today
Let's Go Red!!! looking to take down Sparty today.
Disappointed to hear that Lamar Smith won't be at tomorrow's candidate forum. The least he can do is show up and answer for his record.
went out 2 tie down the patio cushions...almost became part of the scenery wit mother nature fartin all over the place
"Hey, did you do the homework?" "WAIT! WE HAD HOMEWORK?!"
I'll definitely have a little party that day.
yepp and cool haha and okay bye
The weekend is almost here. Don't wait to plan your next project. Call us and tell us about it. 317-456-7019
Thanks for the RT! :)
:( yes i am a writer!
Haha. Mad Men has gotten too crazy. Me no like any more.
*whoops* i miss spell buddies my bad i hate my computer the keyboard is really fucked up have to get one later...
Yeah, that seems right, by all means, GOP now takes a day off.
learning to Tweet :)
#WhyIsIt People feel the need 2 put LoL after almost every sentence,when they know dam well it was'nt funny & your not Lol-ing all the time
Ued to have the idea that our life on the Internet was different than real life, says Now blurring the line.
Yo someone stole my bro laptop! I'm gonna have to go Rambo on everyone now!
If work is so terrific, why do they have to pay you to do it?
Quote of the night "You're higher than dinosaur balls."
Lady A, last November! :))
looks like t-sizzle is now a member of #balledtooharduniversity lol
I know, right? and I were watching the Lit Party dancers from the balcony and it felt like our honeymoon.
Tell all Nov 20 is open to 21 & up @ TryOuts
stop lying to yourself!!
nope. Haha I wish!
Thank you for sharing these important insights into literacy! Please share w #evsccoaches when conf is over!
#WhenAustin smiles after he's done singing<3 [From ]
Darn you, maytag. how is it you've managed to eat all my left socks?
So true!
I don't do anything in school anymore.. :/
"Simple" is a relative term, I suppose!
Does it break the restraining order if you’re looking at them through a telescope
Pink lemonade >
woah! I never said i didn't like you? I thought we were buddies!? :/
head on over to for a fresh tapped gold medal Witty White Wheat :)
Well that'd be awesome! See you there maybe?
She's a little bit broccoli, he's a little bit surf & turf.
