I love
i can do this.
I don't understand how black people love them though.
If a "Bubba" can win the prestigious Masters Tournament then women should be allowed 2 become members at that same Augusta golf course PIGS!
I hate it when my sons eat something I've saved just for me
I love 's new song with Damian Marley, but I can't understand a word he's saying.
I don't want middle school to end. Just the classes.
we invited you but you neglected to show up. We're still crying over that
Accept that difficult feelings are part of the process.
#culturalmuseums enjoyed your poem. I agree we have to speak out without being worried of what will happen to us.
that's good! i'm glad you're doin better! didn't you move near caeley or somethin? lol
and I would like to visit us and Pretty please with a cherry on top!
I didn't change you just never knew me.
accidentally deleted ch. 16 of Taylor Issues D':
All my followers someone keeps hacking my account do Me a favor and follow me at .
Actually worked with Jay on two comedy skits he's cool! but I know he doesn't remember, not yet at least! LOL..
yea in a way. Who's ur favorite band?!?
Nice! I was Field Artillery 1998-2001 so prefer the tune of Howitzers...and paperwork.
of corse we can :)
could the "dark matter" thought to cause galaxies to rotate faster than expected be simply un-illuminated baryonic matter?
I got a twitter pep-talk from a Ms. thanks lady!
Under Pres Bush we terrorized nations and Americans alike by stripping away their freedom, you fucking asshole
Note to Kentucky State Senate President David Williams, it is not the Governor's fault you are not liked here.
Ready to hit the streets of Rosenberg today! Have a great day you all!
Back in Vancouver this week. Excited to see all of my NBA Street pals
video shoot tomorrow...must not look fat.
Talking vs. Communicating. Be accessible. Quality not quantity of message.
3" snow in MN“: . happy transplant to DC. Love this burg, but DC locals are weather wusses. This is a pleasant shower.”
Boy meets girl. Earth meets knees.
yea its soo crazy to me
i have my ticket but i need another ill get it.
Crying because I miss Austream so much<3
Parents say kids need more color on their plates. So kids must be confused when their parents tell them they can't have skittles for dinner
Guess Vandersloot is the new Palin? He better put his wig on! TCOT GOP victims R pathetic, what next will Vandersloot have a reality show?
a very valuable message to all those sun worshipers out there!
Switched my car insurance to Progressive. $200 less than my geico. Wow. I'm so impressed.
Thanks! And we actually have one, we just don't focus too much on it. All our songs pictures etc can be found on our site or fb
Hows writing going? I cant wait 2 hear some of the songs! :) xx
Getting re-tweeted feels like feeding the ego a watermelon Jolly Rancher.
Jammin to bieber's and breezy's song ladies love mee (; shit go hard
It's annoying when people ask the same questions
What up party peeps?!
ooh, that sounds cool! :)
That was cute. Lol. RT : The shampoo head and shoulders should make a body wash called knees and toes
Sitting in labcorp is a great way to spend your morning. -_________-
No work for you
#post Palm Beach Post staffers win 10 awards from the Florida Society of News Editors
Twitter account hacked today if you receive a DM from me "Hey, so some real nasty things are being said about you here" Please Don't Open!
Pressure Washers: Oregon Scientific Wmr80a Weather Station ...
Trading in my truck for a more fuel efficient vehicle. I will miss my giant truck.
How strange that my linkedIN profile was viewed 13 times in the past 7 days and I showed up in search results 13 times in the past day. SO…
Oh well if there on too goodnight .. Its 11:19 here probably like 8 where u are :0 nighty night <3
Stamp Out Hunger! Put non-perishable food in a bag by mailbox Sat, May 12! Letter carrier will pick up! Items donated to Gleaners! RT
That was me on a subway platform earlier today. Happens.
haha not wise to wear while drinking either. For the same reason
ah cant wait for dreamchasers 2
I'm gonna need an expert opinion. And Google. Which one is ADORABLE?
For the most part, they are very, very nice, and I am very lucky to be able to spend time in a casual environment.
Yeah That's It Im Sorry Bet You Don't Remember Mine.!
It's the end of our second week in the new building...it's starting to look like home!
I think about that shit everyday breh!
Baylor must have PTSD from the Branch Davidians incident in Waco a few years back.
Been jammeng to #FLAME ALL DAY LONG, I LOVE THAT SONG.
No guy is worth your tears & the one who is won’t make you cry.
it's been nice. A little breezy lately, makes it sort of cool if you're not outside running or whatever.
So why isn't my gmail down? oh no did i just curse myself?
Wow! Have fun on your trip!!
Let's go my bulls!
maybe you can have your original request as consolation :-)
Sold out show last night with AND we got to meet Pinhead (Doug Bradley) from Hellraiser, who took part in the show!
Luxury Car Program @ Yoli! Awesome! Choose your own car, seriously?
Steak Tonight! Get over here. Open for lunch at 11am Tuesday - Friday.
in puerto rico they have black people that speak spanish, so this means they mexican too???
Tell me something...where your Boss at?
is celebrating 1000 followers with a great polish giveaway!
is less than a mile from today's pop up! What is your favorite Baltimore attraction?
I don't want to go to school. >:(
Morning Donna! I know Sophia has been busy with her modeling and upcoming movie roles. cc;
Does anyone truly care for the broken hearted or do they simply pass right on by while the heavens open up from my eyes
if you are a small <4 team and new to SF then check out before RS. Happy to discuss. CEO
I've been a big lame-ass and not tweeting the past few days. Look for more exciting sex-loving action this week! :)
Haven't said this in a min, but um- Boston!!
Stuck in traffic on 894EB 2day?Sheriff's office looking into whether crash was OWI related, witnesses say driver was going more than 100 MPH
#ff the special prize in the cereal box not being a fucking sample of instant coffee
Hope you all have restorative Labor Days!! Are you ready for New Mexico Jazz Stories?? John Rangel is first up. October 6th!!
I concur. RT : excllnt! RT : BTW Today I'm finishing up my second batch of corned beef. Love your spice rcp .
9th inning runs
Happy 1 year anniversary to my favorite guy winning American Idol Season 10 :) so happy for you and your continuous growth!
Some of my photos will be running later on tonight in Galo Magazine. Keep your eyes peeled for the photos and article tonight
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 353
congratulations! Work that
I can't hide whats real
What exactly is going through ARods mind? He looks terrible at the plate. Lost.
Many thanks to for an excellent #cunydhi session. What a great close to our first year! Thanks to all who submitted questions!
PSP Vita...no thanks I'll pass.
You don't have to be a fantastic hero to do certain things, to compete.
Yo ! We are at #jazzfest2012 and ready to rock!! Bring it!!
Yes! RT : "If you're going to pray for God to make the sun stand still, u'd better be ready to march all night."
Hey gurlss :D
Wearing my Hoodie Allen merch....ordering a Scrublife shirt...the works :D
And good ain't good enough, and your hood ain't hood enough Spent my whole life putting on, you spend your whole life putting up
gotcha, unfortunately that happens, but we'll get you the right one. Let me know if you don't hear back from our CS team today.
we'll have to meet up.
oh, man, I love the original... Hoping the new one doesn't disappoint. With that cast, how could it??
it's my b day today. I would love a tweet from my favorite hwonyc:)
luh bro bday today ion no
Who’s hungry?!!
One-eyed iphoning
In general, I'd start with why your API exists: a public, supported API needs dedicated clients beyond whatever UI you build
Don't except me to not get pissed while you're fooling around in the drum closet while I'm actually trying to practice.
srsly, three boxes of tissues. in three days. and I'm not done yet.
Lol she says i like to play mind games...?
realy bummed it was cloudy so I couldn't photograph the super moon :(
some people think one day computers will be smarter than people except people are not very smart
#lemonaids RT : I WANT SOME LEMON AIDS"
Good head ^.^
RT : votes against keeping college affordable for students - again sides with the Tea Party
oh, you're a shaker for sure
I wanna do one of those "My Story..:" videos...I'm scared tho. A lot of people get hate & stuff.
my guess is that the next big app will take 2 years. Simply put we live in exponential times!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  48
Thanks for the follow Muthu!
lol yea yea... What u up to
The code you write helps or damages your resume. The choice is up to you. Don't think people aren't watching.
Nice Jeep brother. Yours?
o ok that might be why they are so special
In that case, get a fake ID. Just kidding, don't tell your parents I said that.
You made it to Santa Cruz? Beautiful! I've been there a couple of times, and getting a job at UC Santa Cruz would be a dream.
RT : I was just introduced to join.me for doing a screenshare from - coolest fast easy screenshare ever! Wow!
Ahahaha! Thanks for the shout out tweet lol and thats cool. And how was that movie u saw Thursday?
Who needs an alarm clock when you can have #earthquake to get you going. Another one in SF this a.m. M3.6.
Can't believe I will be getting married next year :)
Why am I suddenly subscribed to a linkcat -survey email list? Subscribing me without my permission is NOT COOL.
This hacking Isaiah twitter early inna a.m :)
I love Tampa<3
You may not be the one but you the one that I desire
Different era, not as much desire to keep an old (boys) system alive like the bowls RT I happened in hoops really quickly no?
Love her, spoil her, wine her, dine her, kiss her, wife her, appreciate all of her, respect her, make her smile, make her happy!
Worst part about this result is that I have to see way too much of caliparis face on espn the next few days
ay record his fight so i can watch it on monday
I MISS YOU TOO WE NEEDA HANG
What is there in life except one’s ideas, Good air, good friend, what is there in life? -Stevens
Pugs in a sock. It's Thursday. :)
We don't need the feedback or guidance, but everybody loves inspiration.
Ballad of Gay Tony,huh??...#NoHomo??..lolololololol..
is that a coffee machine!?
great word man! Can I get a follow please?
That's a lot of books! Thanks Joe!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌟
stay up BP! tonight my 6 yr old little girl says "that's brandon Phillips I love his smile" when you came to bat in the 1st!!!
Come out to g/r/a/n/d in Stamford, CT tonight. Spinning from 10pm to 1am! No cover- 15 Bank St, Stamford, CT!
It is raining but is still signing! come on by for your signed copy, boiled peanut hummus, pimento cheese & pickles!
Some pictures that I see on Instagram. WOW. Lol.
Not much different in the Olympic world either...
- J I hope all of your ms. pac man practice at the studio paid off!
If you're looking for work in the library profession, check out I Need a Library Job (). Get on the email list too!
'''Project Party Friday''
How could you not love a heart who's form is purest gold.
where is the puppy? I expected a puppy!
txt me!
#Knicks ..grab the bulls by the horn..just not #Rose he is one bull you dont want to piss off..
Best of Bacon #4: Twice Baconed Potatoes
Festival starts Thursday! Sunset Boulevard; Frontera Bugalu LIVE; The Good, The Bad, and The Indie! Get yer tickets.
I BETTER SEE YOU OUT THERE GETTING SLAMMED TO SKYNYRD!!!!
I like to consider myself a one-man wolfpack
thought on learning analytics: isn't it hypocritical to berate Google for using student data in G Apps and then higher ed (1/2)
WOW! Broadcast Minds 2012 was OFF THE HOOK! Thanks to You guys were fantastic!
It's because she knows better...
Gravity is a law, people. And any lawbreakers will be brought down!
Cops and Mustaches - What's the connection?
Anyway. Gonna go rob a bank. Have fun!
Whatching the blair witch project
Skin as white as snow and lips as red as blood.
It's all about the glorification and protection of criminals. Poverty and education are also at fault.
hello! TY for the follow!
Hey Sherri I enjoy watching the View so much I sent you a free sample of my moisturizing candle (Mia Joy Candles) ENJOY!
Rain? Really CO? -__- I think God is playing tricks on me lol
REAL TALK. If you're not following on here, you're fucking up. Man of a million awesome words. \m/
I dont ship Diall..go ahead and say what you want, but that wont make me change my mind.
is getting ready for Chicago and Print 09
The off-season allows me to do movies, but I'm not tired of TV yet
congrats on the #'s
Thank you mother for the music downloaded on my computer. What better way to wake up then to blaring Bruce Hornsby?
God does u a favo when u loose certain peoples numbers.
You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need. ~Vernon Howard
No chance on Saad. Id be shocked. The Kreider thing is a pretty rare. Plus wouldn't Hayes get the next call?
If only you knew you mean the world to me every time I see you I cant stop smiling and my heart beats faster and faster when you get close..
Well hopefully I passed that final. I am offically a nervous wreck
great day so far(:
Lmao I love you bitch
My friends have a 6yr old daughter who chose herself to be Vegetarian at age 5. Parents are carnivores. Kind of wild!
"Weezy F Baby and the F is for “forget it" #LilWayne - Hands Up ( My Last ) <3
Wats good You guys forgot A.S.A.P Rocky On this year Freshman Cover 2012!
I'm alot diffrent at home than i am at school......and thats because people expect me to be a certain way.....it's hard not to be myself
socialcam is brutal
fajitas for dinner even thought it's practically 9:00 \m/
Thanks, and thanks for the re-Tweet! Hope to see you sometime this weekend!
It's raining outside. Good night to #gobowling. You won't miss #bedlam as we will have the game on the big screens. Who's going to win?
#alamw12 Virtually shakes jazz hands watching for announcements
Agreed. A team's performance will drive attendance and increased Twitter mentions. Not other way around.
Not sure. But my handsome-ass grandfather would want me to join. (Thanks, Pop-Pop.)
Great time at #COSN2012. Can't begin to explain the amount of knowledge and partnerships built. Back to Indiana with ideas and inspiration.
The weather here in ABQ. is great right now this morning the skies were cloudy & gray. I did not take any pictures of balloons.
Today I dropped at least 5 references to alum and his #ultralightstartup book debut.
Who knew a blog and a book could get you into so much hot water?
thanks & love you too <3
Fight for this Love.
It's hard to be a Jet fan, huh?
Late night Taco Bell & Walmart sesh. #OnlyInAmerica 🇺🇸
What does the Think Pink sell like?
lol! i'm loving this #community episode too :)
i love twitter ! <3
His profile says as much. Skip Bayless wannabe #terrible RT #trollsohard RT Its 2-0...is this #brewers game now over?
you're not exactly hurting for options in UT!
Life feels better when you get a chance to talk with a collaborator for a few moments. Posting to the world a re-vamped Omeka site shortly.
two things, what church do you go to and why is service on Friday night?
Disgusted with the blatant lies and mistruths from obama - spend billions AND cut the deficit by half????....
u been actin strange, u ok?
check my new site and follow me on twitter!! www.nwboatsports.com
yes!! Please!!
Thanks for the link Emily!
I don't think I can do this shit anymore. It hard to be nice and shit always fuck shit up at the end.
Hi Jessica
please contact me at your earliest convenience. Want to help. U need to use this thing right here!!!
I agree. Some acts & relationships shouldn't be sold, you know. Takes away the purity.
You are the best. At EBR, i think you won in all the battles. I'm a big fan of yours
Hungry :/ but I need to sleep. I've got brunch tmr!! And sleep to catch up on! #growlingstomach $
Hooray! I will text you.
Watching the United game from work. Go Athletic Bilbao !
Because I have you monkey man 🐒“: Happy Birthday You are the best!!!”
Hey webdevs, what makes you the most productive?
Lol where do you wanna go?
#astd2012 if communication is key why is it so hard for some people to jump in to the deep end?
"i CAN'T THANK YOU ENOUGH. GREAT PRODUCT AND SERVICE YOU A ++" - Paula from Yonkers, New York
Sing like they can't hear Live without fear!
Just passed 300 Likes! Thanks for the interest and support!
what's the catch
how's it going?!
At checking out our good friend Maya's new band SAFEWORD
make one my way please. Thank you
That's a good one (in answer to our questions yesterday about artists under the influence of Rick. RT : Tone LOC
Osweiler is reminiscent of Roethlisberger at times. Very raw though. I think he needs at least two years to develop.
Definitely. Then feed breadcrumbs to the birds in the infield.
you go girl with your black ass
Omg, dylan I know what you are going through. I am so sorry. If you need to talk I am here. I will always be here for you<3
Look it's Friday already!
Don't think you can play Julie out no sir
Race After Dark tonight at Zuma Fun Centers!! Unlimited Go-Karts, Bumper Boats & Golf for only $15.99...starts at 8pm tonight!
#FF for recent followers
hey dude! :-D
FOllow BaCK
I'm gunna cry when I listen to "Turn To You." I cannot wait to hear it though!
what thoroughbred you taking today, or is it bad luck to say?
the guy from jersey shore is Ronnie
need help?
Oh whattta day ;)
We've approached Rodrigo y Gabriela to be in the film, keep your fingers crossed.
1234 some crazy ass kids come and knock up on your door so . . Let 'em in.
It is very nice for March here in the Windy City and It will be crazy everywhere!
Awesome! We can go in Carmen's
Making a billion plans + making zero moves = a recipe for disaster. (in my most ratchet voice) Execute them hoes!!! Lol.
Milk Shakes made from Blue Bell ice cream… yummy
It's al about that profit margin, straight gangsta shit \m/
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all
Excited to hear Francis Chan in chapel this morning, watch online at live.apu.edu 9:30am for you east coasters that's 12:30
Going to Turner Hall to listen to some of my favorite tunes of 1985
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Eden Landwermeyer on the 12U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program.
We second that! RT : Amen : "Brands need to operate in culture, not in their category"
Tom Barrett is on The Ed Show on MSNBC right now.. tune in for an update on the campaign!
Chris Paul, thank you for coming to the LA
Last day of classes for the semester, had an epic time at the USC Fountain Run 2012! A day I will never forget!
homework is done!
Us Grannies are flying to the moon... April Fools! Happy April Fools Day everyone! What pranks did you pull today?
The place closes at 5 my mom is taking her time...
RT : hey everybody i'm a mess of feelings & nerves! witness for yourselves tomorrow for PDXOXO 8p...
Made it through the day!! Just did a phone interview for "Homewrecker" now on to the gym!!
Forgot to tweet happy birthday to today (well yesterday) HAPPY BDAY TIMOS!!!
I once Put Her on a Pedastal...She has ruined that sh*t for everyone else...
What rain?! Get thee to the East Atl Farmer's market today!
hahaha, thank you ♥ and if you need i'm here ;)
#TextsThatGetYouScared "We need to talk."
You'll have to go downstairs to find me! I'm suffering from stage fright!
amount to something. amount to nothing. amount. destroy. recreate. retreat. repeat.
hair cut
Oh for sure, and smart if he chose to be a Bieber look-alike.
I can handle a challenge. What's up?
nice way to
Lilly wine glasses and Lilly gift wrap and Lilly iPhone case and Lilly stationary.
N that moment when ur just about to give up and boom. There's effort and u didnt even say anything about it
Uberrrr stoked, just bought red dead redemption for my Xbox :D
Great design. Why you choose the flip format?
Just had a great dinner with great friends.
you going to Indy Glazier?
Definitely. Eli did a good job in that skit. Funny stuff.
I want to hug you right now for this statement.!!!
that rave >>>
If you all haven't been to yet, give it a look, excellent content!!!
Fact is either you real or you not$
me too! i am way to stressed!
Herbal Remedy for Low Sperm Count Natural Cure - PDF: by: olivia, 2 pages. Natural Health And Wellness - Home Remedy For Depression ....
To those who judge me on who I talk to, the people I like, the things I waste my time on, my opinions,my appearance, my mistakes. FUCK YOU!!
I think I ran over a hornets nest mowing - he didn't seem to want to be friends
Thank you for the inspiring music through the years. May God bless the Houston family. Rest in God. #Whitney Houston
To know oneself, one should assert oneself -Albert Camus
Moving phase two: first truck at the MICA warehouse!
Once on April fools day I pretended like I was going to kiss this guy, then I punched him in the balls and shouted "APRIL FOOLS."
Blake came to play
I think it's part of today. Check them out on the oval!
Bill Bryson is on his fourth page of making stair design and falls interesting.
This woman is crazy
Day 3 of the video shoot.....let's go!!
Trying to understand why MLS guy said hardcore women soccer fans are turnoffs. Took me 10 yrs to find a sport my wife loves.
I get upset when others do to me what I wouldn't do to them then I remember they have to live with their karma, and I get mine.
also, WHERE WAS I WHEN THEY PLAYED ALL THESE SHOWS IN AMERICA FUCK
already done ;)
Crowd-sourcing - use "the crowd" to create and promote your site.
A: While students also carry responsibility to join and socialize, it is the GSA's job to become more of a presence on campus.
Hey bro, you must have "watched" Kuroda pitch yesterday! Shame on you, caus we lost...! Lol!
Ladies if u gon be a hoe be a paid hoe..make these niggas give up some cash shid pay a bill, car note or something STRAIGHT UP!
Thinking about Michael Carter and all he taught me. I am thankful for his Hope and Love he gave to Baltimore.
lol good answer
You know its really funny how you say you hate this person and then you go the next day and you act all buddy buddy wit them #seriously?
Thanks for your birthday wishes, and your vote!
Awesome. Nice moves Melissa.
At some cheese tactic backyard ho down.
Would be nice to see you both there! RT : No different visit-IMW Vini di Sicilia hosted tour but tell me about PVD?
Careful your the only Crystal I got!
Sometimes I like to thumbs down a perfectly good song on Pandora, just to remind it who's in charge.
when are you going to have another gluten free class?
awesome!!!! The show starts doors open 8 but it probably won't start till 9ish or 9:30
Sub in English can't even work the computer
No way! Who do you like the best on #Shahs ?
feeling good two out of three bags are sucessfully on the fan
Padres need to start ordering heat balm in bulk. This is the answer to their offensive woes.
Long productive day at the studio... excited for the weekend so we can keep working #waitaminutethatsnotfun www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
um followon u
right??? LA for hang time then SD for Mal's Bach party (not the composer).
Omfg Jack's like great guys who invited Alex omfg I'm dying
hahaha!!! “: #BREAKING: Santorum endorses Romney, says `above all else' they agree that Obama must be defeated. (AP)”
Took a 2 hour walk down the deserted beach at sunset tonight. It started raining, I got soaked, and didn't even care. I feel renewed.
We'll be featuring our Individual Dulce De Leche Cheesecakes on special tonight at our Balboa Park location! Yum!
PLEASE FOLLOW IT'S MY STORES SITE PLEASE SHOW US SOME LOVE!!! ;)
Late night episodes of #OTH (:
#i312m5 Er... aren't the fines already pretty harsh?
oh hush!!
I am entirely grateful for and for agreeing to my last minute photo request today. Thank you!
I agree about Fieri, and I hate his jewelry too.
Don't you mean colder than? ; )
You are funny. I am fine.
I'm not yet a multimillionaire, but I do have a pretty awesome program logistics spreadsheet.
RT :Congratulations Coach Ken Frank on becoming the all time wins leader amongst baseball coaches in the state of New Jersey
Add ass-kicking and skirt-wearing to the list of things you do well.
me too, ALWAYS
Hey ;DD Follow Me & Thaa Bestfriend !! <3 Please With Strawberries On Top (;
Starnicka - fought with mom - had to move - in college - not homeless?
yeah somewhere last year he fell off RT : Roy Halladay is nowhere near Verlander's level anymore.
I'm not afraid to love someone, i'm afraid of not being loved back.
Fantastic presentation on linked data by Jon Voss today! The project will be using
27th in Long Beach, and I'm not sure...
#ImSingleBecause every time I put my heart into sometimes hands I get hurt :/
Fossilized datives make me insanely happy.
I like to pick and choose what lessons I take from her. Like we probably should for all books.
Congrats on graduating!!! That's awesome & thanks for the two #FF. We retweeted! :)
Yeah Jersey!!
Will be live on Tomorrow at 6p-9pm will be live in the building for a AutoBot Takeover!!!!!!
Fine leather goods.
Yay! (Some lesbians, and others, love gay/masculine porn too. Just wondering!) Thanks! :-)
WHAT are you doing at 6am?! Why?!
Taking care of some errands and getting prepped for the day's festivities.
“Ew, it smells like a disease!” — Zora, after picking up something from the ground & holding it to her nose.
scotland on sunday AIRSOFT TRIPLE OUTTAKE VIDEO POLAND, SCOTLAND :)
observe and report is horrrribbbblllee don't waste ur time
KG got nothin to say: he left it all out there.
I FUKKIN HATE DRIVING.
Tv signal. PLEASE COME BACK. I BEG YOU!
Unfortunately, the auditing world doesn't differentiate between 5:00 on Friday and any other week day. Just getting off work.
I'm about tho take a trip in a minute
Hamburgers, hotdogs, 7 layer salad, tator tots! It's what's 4 dinner! Then SPHS play w/Will. Gets xtra credit in drama 4 going.
gettin' good stuff done!
well..,there were some small changes...
omg remember how much fun we used to have at work we was stupid now that I look back on it lol in club finish line
I done sumthn real stupid and I need help to fix it
I hope so. I'm working on getting that Klout score up to territory.
so I shouldn't share with you the high-res macro shots of my lower face I'll be taking this month for no-shave november?
That's some great stuff! RT Created a Twitter - just so I could Tweet from the PR&Social Media Summit
www.hairgynesis.com tree braids in miami at first impression salon 4044523479
So mUch for getting to bed at a decent time
I want to be in a industry where I touch lives, any suggestion?
I didn't upload it! Ajay did
Good morning radiant & beautiful sunshine! :-)
he is going to withdraw! watch
can't its time for work
Stefano Salvinin comes to Montaluce from the Campodelsole #Winery,in Bertinoro, Italy
You need to come over! We'll swirl you a treat! RT : never had it yet but I hear a whole lot about it.
Lets go! Where do we start?
Just one more social network to congratulate you guys on :) Seriously jumped up and yelled 'Yay' when I saw this!
Douglas H. Williford named El Cajon's new city manager. Acting CM Rob Turner to go back to directing city's Public Works
hey this is mike blotzers band, son of bobby from ratt. RT us!!!
aww I'm sorry to hear abt the loss that's always hard but I'm glad I inspired you to overcome it:-)
maybe like 100million ha
We think he might be rat terrier/whippet. He's NOT a pug! Denny found the poor baby, no collar, no chip :-(
Thanks to all the sponsors and supporters of #Phorum12! Bar is open! See you all there!
RAKIM BROWN LEAVING EASTERN WASHINGTON
Have you tried the 94 Rock Dirty Blonde brew by Santa Fe Brewing Co. yet???? go to www.94rock.com to get the list of bars/restaurants.
": One Direction stalking party. HOLLA." o. Can I join?
if the socks don't work homie come and join me in my new label!!!
Terri's Tuesday Tweets - Transform 2012 - Early Bird Ending - Register today extra 25% off by using code TTT25
You better come in tonite!!
I'm Delayne Hiott~Sold Very Profitable Small Biz Of 17 Yrs To Persue online marketing full-time. I Show PROOF of INCOME/STATS!2 MANY LIARS!
There's a party on 5th ave, hit me if you trynaaaa go(;
Great to know- I will certainly pass you on to our mamas!
#askkanye what do you think about you boy Che Rhymefest Smith running for Aldermen
- #Youth needs to get the means to make informed choices in life! Rahnuma Youth Center at
OL and LB right?!?
Shooting at Sutra tonight! Come hang out with some Atlantans finest!
Good luck tonight at the hospital!
RT : But those Blue Dog seats are not lost. Giffords' seat is a toss up; others lean toward Republicans but are far from decided.
i always sticking out my tongue look at my pictures lol
time to apply for internships...it never ends.
#Str8LykeDes.... Ion need em.. What been sed is has been did...
School again...
AMERRRICCCAAAAA. so jetlagged, so good to be home.
Sadness. Delivered to work & they forgot my diet coke. Felt bad for asking delivery guy to trek back just for that.
yeah now I can have all my photos with me
I know. Humm we can always take out are guns
Asdfghjkl; depressed mood
50 mile ride
its as if Vince Vaughan was trying not to be funny.
Wow...in Galveston looking at the cruise ship and oil rigs. Inspiring. The energy and logistics industry. Boom!
Thanks for liking us on Facebook. We appreciate it.
#FollowFriday better late than never. Tx for RTs and mentions to:
Today’s African Proverb (5.14.12) It is a short way in the forest, if you love the people you are going to visit. (DRC- Mongo) Like U...
sorry to hear that! Hope your day gets better. If not wine and beer and shots cure all! :-)
Portugal, I see you tempting me over there port-side, you saucy mix. Next time! Tomorrow's for Casablanca.
do you know ur way around the kitchen? how do you feel abt wearing a chef's hat?
"Girl, lemme help you..." RT : I don't know why, but I burst out laughing as soon as I saw the "lemme reach for that fabric" photo.
I like this idea. But I noticed an article in The Chronicle that warns against it.
have to agree! RT : then there is for all the latest and greatest Buzz about your fave celebs! Def a great
Quick biz meeting and off to hang posters for the MSP premiere going down at American Junky next Friday
Learning a new work process/system and plotting how much I don't know so others will have to do their job.
im going to miss you ! o: have a safe trip to new york 🗽 & take care {:
Just heard that every Mets batter came up to bat with a Beastie Boys song as their intro. That's dope!
Our favorite weekend of the year is upon us!
We shouldn't be too patient as to give the impression of having gone inactive.
TMZ runs circles around traditional news outlets when it comes to breaking news.
Thank YOU, ! You left the crowd wanting more! Not too bad for our first time and thrilled to have you as a BIG part of it!
thanks for your voet tony! make sure you spread the word to ensure your organization receives the donation!
is this a Geisha?
People are going crazy with instagram pic of the sky.
Need a New Handel Bob!
Milwaukee RT The Chancery Restaurants CONTEST MARCH MADNESS - WIN TWO TICKETS / TRAVEL PAID - 4 details GO 2 www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com
Cheers, Jerry! How are you enjoying your time in San Francisco so far?
Excited to launch a fresh twitter account! We are eagerly anticipating the opening of our 2nd season production tomorrow night at Atlas PAC!
Not a tebow fan by any means but this is unbelievable
thats definitely worth it.
Our Google+ page has been updated. If your cool and hip and have a Google+ page, check us out and comment on our projects.
Thanks for the R/T!
#IfYouLetMe I'll make it right this time..
I listen to the news every morning and can usually find a class connection easily... so awesome.
I always wondered if gentlemen still existed. He changed that tonight
Want to add stunning photorealistic effects and tones to your illustrations? Learn how using #Adobe #Illustrator in #GOA2011 session 30.
i dont care. May the odds be ever in your favor!
Holy To-Do List, Batman!
Thanks for the RT LOVE>>XOX
What's going on tonight?
We're live tweeting at What's So [Bleeping] Hard About Social ROI?
“Teacher: "Get out a sheet of paper" Student: "LOOK AT ME NOW!" Teacher: "Excuse me ?" Student: "IM GETTING PAPER!"”
Excited for tonight's dinner w/ #chicago #bachelor family. We'll miss you !
What does DC Godz means and L means
Jamba juice for my final breakfast of the semester!
U got it! RT : keep the tweets coming, my only source of info on tonights game!
phil lesh & friends, , san rafael, ca. set 1: friend of the devil (JG), sittin' on top of the world (LC), doin' that rag (JG)
Sending my first phone tweet
Wow, must've spiked my holy water...I feel weird
Cadet Kelly is on <3 I've seen this movie like a billion times !
Starchy food and baked pork & beans also will produce nightmare, as will various morbid affections, such as aneurism of the large arteries.
Chillin' at a coffee shop reading scripts on a Friday night... Wouldn't have it any other way!
What the hell does that mean???? Is it like jibberish?
Thanks for following Matt.
I hate seeing people cry, it breaks my heart
Lunch break, then back out on the lake:)
#10YearsAgo I was 7, and all I cared about was turning 8
Dear President : the trillions u r ready to spend on tax cuts, can be used for unemployment benefits, let us in congress decide.
Congrats! Great time!
Hey....my baby cousin is getting mad radio play here in Pittsburgh! Gotta tell Shonee this one!
86% of mobile internet users are using their devices while watching TV!
kashi granola bars, almonds, walnuts, grapes, berries, celery and baby carrots are easy snacks to bring anywhere!
Pop-punk is what keeps me sane!
d yours pop? Mine didn't
It was great seeing both of you guys in #MarathonCity today. check out the elbow Metta World "Peace" threw earlier
I feel bad for her. I feel pissed at the people who put out into the ether the things her mind reorders and spits out again.
Thanks for the RT!! Hope you all are having a good week so far :-)
Wow ?Felon?
get out your feelings mane!
Nailed it! RT If I had my way, I'd do so much team shuffling. Clips to SD, Utah to NOLA, NOLA to Charlotte, Bobcats to Sea. =D
Triple h is with mayweather too? Mayweather got everybody with him tonight
no.... RT : BREAKING: Yankees closer Mariano Rivera injured during batting practice tonight in Kansas City. More details to come.
is success on twitter really about being loveable? (i.e. conversing all the time with your followers)
LETS GO A-ROD! WE NEED THIS!
God's Map + My Faith = An Amazing Journey
Like honestly, i don't even know how i can meet them. I have 9h row at the concert.. Not a good thing lol
I follow her but I dont know her!
i met her twice. very nice lady. i really admire that work especially when she was just a kid!
Happy new year!!!!
Owen and I are in NYC after a long drive today. We head out tomorrow to start interviewing stores and people!
Heidi is on vacation and I forgot my password.
Nothing better than starbucks with and Samantha <3
who can tell me a really awesome website where there's really cool one direction shirts for my friend to buy???!!!
If you believe making millions as a capitalist qualifies U 2 B president shouldn’t you be proud to show U have paid your fair share of taxes
Happy Birthday Man
More people see your content off your site than on your own website.
she's going to win album of the year in a second now, too.
Not your fault I didn't hear about it. Let me know how it all goes!
So perfect
The research beard for Blackbeard set has 19 braids. Wonder if that has significance or maybe it's a clue to some sort of secret treasure
just told to go to sleep
Eggplant parmesan for lunch....I deserve it! I've worked for 4 days straight
Overheard at Target: She thinks she likes roasting marshmallows, but she really doesn't.
Just learned that whistling the Monday Night football song makes my kitty Bella jump in the shower with me. Yes, when it's running...
Christian Grey is all i'll ever need in this life... Oh and Pinot Grigio.
These lady's can talk about anything >_<
haha sorry :S ill try lmao! :)
sure not a problem. Feel free to contact us anytime with any questions. You can also email us at . Thanks!
Was actually just getting up to go get some when you posted that.
Just caught the last sentence and then an unanswered follow-up question... do you have a "Reader's Digest" version?
": “Sometimes we waste too much time to think about someone who doesn’t even think about us for a second.” #WizKhalifa"
Congrats to all!
you sound like a keeper.
Well shoot, that's a good excuse :) have a great time!
Oh! I love date nights with my Adobe CS5.....and merlot.
#10FavouriteEminemSongs 2. When I'm Gone
"So Sessions is here to stay?" -Lakers fans
BIG NEWS! The BCH Comedian is confirmed & it will be the current host of the Late Late Show, Craig Ferguson. thank you
just ordered timothy's birthday pressy :D
They're creepy and they're kooky, mysterious and spooky. They're altogether ooky. The Addams Family.
My Mom text to me say thank you for the roses that got delivered to her for Mother's Day. Sigh...
Turned out to be a beautiful day today!
Hey Joe, have fun, we had a crew there yesterday for a major scanning project. RT 3D Scanning in NYC today.
Who Are You?
U don't know Street Lit. if U don't know Street Lee! www.AuthorStreetLee.com
Damn right all kids should be in school
ugh perfection on stage tonight
If you don't care about your grades, why do you cheat.
*annoying ass dude bragging how big his dick is* Me: *points to a stop sign* that is how big mine is.. and that is if you fold it in half.
My father is so wise.
So excited that #teenlifemedia has been awarded the ! Yeah!!
Enjoyed a great meal in the capitol city of the south, Richmond Va. Old friends from high school make for a perfect evening
Whoa cowboy, that wasn't in the form of a question RT : A bird crapped in our wind chimes and made the next Bon Iver record.
The editor is back and has a great play for you coming right before todays bell stay alert
Simmer down. It was a joke, not a dick. Don't take it so hard!
One day I hope to have a blue check mark next to my name on here.
One more client today and then hitting the weights myself! Good strength workout planned for today
The advice is to focus one's concentration on the Consciousness that supports each and every perception, emotion and thought.
I'll be playin tmrw night, come have a listen
RT : Karmic Law: What you give is what you get.
This is our moment to define who we are as Republicans. We must not raise taxes or compromise our principles.
you should share!
they modify the NIC software so that it presents itself as a parallel SCSI device
A nice spring evening on the Square! Stop in!
Instead of getting my nails done every two weeks, I somehow manage to need to have them done every week
grazie amigo...altho just relative measurement..no green pastures yet(:)
how does it feel to be the most attractive human ever?
for those wanting to see tonight's talk we are Skyping the talk at adaptiveservices.
ok just let me know
Band name idea: Bushwhacked by Thracymachus (maybe will pass it along)
I knw that's right I would-be a pre-shopping b4 his arrival too!!! Get it girl. And like the right #snacks!!
Nice kudos from an author today: "I think you've worked a small miracle here for me, and I'm grateful."
if I ever meet him or get the chance I will go to where ever you live and take you with me
your audition?
Just voluntarily ran. Am I sick or something?
Cabin in the Woods is AMAZING!! Pure genius! Perhaps the greatest horror movie ever!
I've been having the weirdest dreams lately. Last night's dream involved crocodiles? huh?!
Cari Coats from Entrepreneurship at
Omg what even is equality tho.
NO HOLLIE. MY BABY.
Wish I could be there!
(Re: Ur Post) "Teach me how to immediately identify when I'm wasting my time or someone else's, and how to course correct."
Temptation, a man's excuse and woman's weapon
watch out for el tigre...he's back to his old ways
So true, so sad. RT : Agreed. Some people will never be accepting of interracial relationships.
Do you travel for your job? There are some great workouts you can do on the road in your hotel room...just ask!
Im so done with this bullshit
Feeling the same way I did last night
My boobs look Awesome in this new bra~! #ThatShouldGetMeAFewFollowersToPassTheBadNumber #TheyReallyDo~!
Bell: Funders have to change, esp gov't funders, to make it possible.
A Walk To Remember #favoritemovie <33
u forgot the # tag
#Makeup tip: Pressed powder foundations are great for normal to oily skin. If you have more mature or dry skin, try a liquid or cream.
thank you friend!!
why do we have a meeting? Is it like because seasonals coming on like our holiday meeting? Do we get free shirts again?!
This is the Part Of Me that you're never gonna ever take away from me!!!
Ditto! And thanks for all that you do.
you just rocked my world. That was amazing. Such a brilliant script.
Bourbon, bourbon, bourbon, I love bourbon.
Sometimes it's hats and gloves, but sometimes it's shirts instead.
They say that love is forever
shit I forgot. I'll bring it tomorrow.
At a towering 5'4", Twitter is onto something! RT : and you are both taller in real life than what I expect!
Celtics & Wizards headed to overtime.
Will the next World Bank chief be a U.S. citizen? Last week, Robert Zoellick announced that he will step down in June. So any thoughts?
A lot of ‘lasts’ today. I’m really feeling like it’s the end. Still all sweet, no bitter.
wow what a goal! Remember the trash we were talking about Nyquist? Yea, throw him with Datsyuk and he looks like an all-star
I love her idea, though I am not at the Library any more. (Bad grammar?)
Gearing up for heavy DWI enforcement during the Balloon Fiesta. So... how big of a gun do you think we need to shoot down a balloon?
Not my kind of a chick but then I've never been one for Hollywood type. Their personalities always get in the way, ya' know?
I would re-tweet this for you, but your profile is locked. That means only your current followers could ever see this
Thanks for the quick reply. The event is in 2012, not 2011...heading back out next year?
Last Tweet
Nice to see new Ford F150 pickup truck commercial touting high fuel efficiency.
People who know electronics (like or ): is a "pull up" a type of resistor, or just a way of using one?
Last night.. good side i made $455 dealing a poker game. Bad side a guy made me cry
too much drinking with Jessica and the ass last night I see. It's all about heart and pushing through the sickness.
Desperate Housewives In 20 Minutes!!
#imagine Austin;I wont stop until i find my runaway love You:well you can stop cuz im here. Austin:*smiles**kisses you passionately* -anna
Hope is contagious- Catch it!
Bum day
I tried to diagram your sentence but sadly failed. Are you saying that Bonds, A-Rod should be shoo-ins, or not?
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all herself or get all the credit. -Andrew Carnegie via
#php 2nd switch in the default case of a switch - 100% sure it will not make problems in the near future break; default: switch ($btype){
RT : This day last year, jury selection in the Casey Anthony trial began. (AKA 2 months of insanity) Oh how time flies
Congratulations! I guess I'm a little behind too. I look forward to reading some of your work in print!
I've got 99 stipulations but a woman of child bearing potential ain't one.
my bad
#nato got us outta uniform
Aw I will!! We should have maps and flyers printed by next week. If im on Lincoln next week let's get coffee!!
you're welcome but thanks to you for this wonderful picture I can see everytime I have a tweet from you :D <3
I love Oh Castle!
depressing tweet again okayy.
Dear twitter friends. I missed you :)
Give that shit to a wash up bitch I'm winning.
Ron Moten gave those hard hitting TRUTHS on Gray's record and the FACTS about Fenty is that he made results a reality for ALL RESIDENTS.
Is anyone else having the feeling that 20's life, post-college, is more of what you expected from the college experience?
Would those be "Vanitweets"?
No new HBO posted today??? Two weeks and no new show, can only hope #RedState awesomeness is cause. I miss & !
haha yeah guess your right
you're not! Get the emergen-c packets. They help fight off everything.
Left tackle Demetress Bell agrees to 5-year deal. Give Eagles credit: when they want a player, front office makes it happen.
To-Do List : Nothing[✓]
Behind you 100%!! Let's do it!! Let's just make sure the packers are number 1 at the end of the season!!!
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. - Benjamin Disraeli
thanks for the RT! Isn't that necklace amazing?
see that's what i should have done today... instead, I stayed inside to watch the brewers fall to the cubs
RT "Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy." - Isaac Newton
Counting calories. I've downloaded An app to help me keep track of them.
What a game
#BreakingNews: Judge Jessica Recksiedler has disqualified herself from the trial of George Zimmerman via
new comments on GIS Extensions Market to look closer come to visit us.
Whenever I go to a house party, I wind up playing with the pets at the end of the night instead of conversing with mediocre looking women.
Good morning all
The #BFDailyWord is - knee-jerk (adjective) (NEE-jerk) - 1. readily predictable - 2. automatic - 3. reacting in a readily predictable way
Every fucking year it's always the same with the A's: great pitching, shit defence, no offence.
Its been 25 years since the #NBADraft that netted the #Cavs Daugherty & Harper in the #Lottery & Price in the 2nd rd - can they do it again?
I know! Cried at my desk.
R.I.P. Donna Summer.
"whatever." Me: you're a whatever;) "lol, fuck you." Me: whoa don't threaten me with a good time I might like it.
'IDGAF' and 'TL:DR'? I call that ignorance.
I wake up with stuff on my hand...have no idea how it got there...did I kill someone?
this test is hard!
<------ you should have your own ridiculous show.
FireSign customers, don't forget tonight's scheduled maintenance. The FireSign Hosted system will go offline at 8pm (Central).
I always cleaned mine I think that makes it more heal faster but in the beginning it was kinda uncomfortable to yawn lol then
Kamali making me laugh but I feel kinda down right now /:
well that sounds pretty fun to me!
#cubs are down 2 already bottom of the 3rd. They are who we thought they were. Lol
Hey! Day's going well... Headed to a lunch appointment. You?
tweets = my life . <3
New novel? Do you plan on sharing or just tantalizing us with word on your progress? :-)
Why am I always so HUNGRY??
I'm amazed at the inane questions for essays on my son's college applications. Ask a stupid question...
Help: Best program to duplicate (copy) DVD's that I legally own for Mac or PC? Gotta be an easy way? No DRM or security on them. Thanks
Celebrated #nationalgrilledcheeseday during my first ever trip to In and Out Burger!
Remember that summer concert tour I help cast?
RT : RT : "Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: If you're alive, it isn't." -...
Ran like ass today
gotta go! Byebyee
That tie is getting a work out. Such a great piece.
Thank you for supporting us as a local company to provide your digital signage equipment in your museum! We are fans!
My mama blows it everyday !!!! Never gets old
thank you following me
Movie recommendation is Terry O'Quinn in the horror "The Stepfather"
I am pretty good ready for football tho how are you doing ?
How are you enjoying the new apartment? :)
BBall league coaches/parents clinic successfully wrapped up today 2/ Drew Goodman & Gary Avischious as 2 of the featured speakers!
The money is in the budget as it is. We don't need another tax to fix our schools.
BOOKED a supporting role as a Hotel Manager in the Indie Short Film, BODY LANGUAGES, produced by Red Tail Filmworks/Directed by Don Forcer
I'll post more promo codes tonight! aight!?
“ Cutler Beckett: “You’re mad.” | Jack Sparrow: “Thank goodness for that, because if I wasn’t, this’d probably never work.””
Today is going to be a long day!!! Comicon today so stoked!!!!
I'm Blowin' up now! I was just offered to work on a project paying a $6.25 an hour!!! On a show I can't even find on google!
THIS IS WAR! CureMyPC vs. The Security Shield Virus ... Anyone who calls from Twitter gets $30 OFF all service plans! (800) 349-4824
yall help us out.. we need explanations RT : I wanna know that 2.....*waits*
I thought that I read was heading to #marsdh tonight.
not only bad but super cheesy!
“: "Your focus determines your reality" - Qui-Gon Jinn. Then he got Darth Mauled. #StarWars3D” HaHa
Good morning you guys. Today is a long day for me so I gotta take out my wings. Lol I have a Red Bull but no Vodka up in my hand! Peace! :D
More Rain
Okay yea we loss to the Thunder yall loss to the Pacers!!! Big difference
how your mourning turning OUT!?
and there goes our fantasy Idol season, thanks for the invite we will redeem ourselves next season
Stop by and check us out on Twitter, or
i love you
wait that was when gabbyy played bingo with rg😂😂😂😂 gab we hit the hay before that happened
Motto for the #hackweek: Drink good beer, write good code!
its kool thanks for asking
Every time Spotify skips, I think, "more like Spoty-ify" and realize I'm destined to die alone.
no! it is hilarious!
Wishes I could sleep for a good two days.
They should all be in one division facing west so they can point and laugh at BYU.
What a disappoint from the #Bulls. It shows that they r a one man team.
seriously I just can't get enough!!! Have you seen glorious 39 it's my new favorite movie
this 45 min drive watchin the sun come up wuld b a lot better if their were some real radio stations to listen to
KY Jelly aint nothing but Lip Gloss for Coochie!
following sir
Not yet :( Just doesn't seem fun going alone
Damn that makes me feel old. Not knowing that performance is like not knowing at all. Lol
Come see us this Friday night at Cowley's from 9:30 to last call. We promise to be respectful of your mama.
I love when the room is super quiet and then you scream just so people could look back ha ha
Thankful to & for their great calls!! Bummed to be working but these guys got me PUMPED UP!!
It never fails. Every year at finals week a student collapses during a museum tour. Eat your breakfast kids, and don't lock your knees!
tweeting you :) hbu?
Complimentary Champagne at the Booth #436 #APA2012...Starts at 5 - see you there!
get your degree in what you enjoy. Mine is web design. Makes work seem less like work.
Thanks. Back atcha!
Lin's working on an even points to turnovers ratio tonight.
awww thank u. Imma be alright u just stay strong and remember dat he in a better place. I love u
or a joint haha
I'm gettin my pic made next Tuesday at school for committing with CN. Can you come that day?
. muy caliente por favor (brush up on your Spanish, you are in SoCal)
- Thanks! I most certainly will!
everything worked great today. It wasnt glitchy at all. Thank you! (Sometimes things wouldn't load or save before)
What's up, 4:40? Why can't I ever fucking fall asleep?
intense couple fight in the lobby of Monroe.
Camera finally bit the dust😢 but of course it was Taylor who did something to break it 👎📷🔫
I know ! I was freaking out ! Hopefully it's soon !
You mean #amazing right?
FIX A LEAK WEEK FACT: A leaky faucet that drips at a rate of one drop per second can waste more than 3,000 gallons of water per year.
If you don't like Earth Wind and Fire, go away. That is all.
I know that doubts Will never be gone. It's Just that I have revealed my Twitter. you can get me prosecuted. :)
Just got the new iPhone 4S and Siri is awesome probably going to tweet a lot more
this is the weekend ive waited 6 years for
I'm seriously just pissed off at life right now. I want summer.
At the doctor, praying for good drugs so that I may breathe and speak again. It's the little things.
Hey, we're open, with guest bartenders Darcie & Sky!
Watching quarantine 2 terminal
Jones up and under WITH THE BUCKET AND THE FOUL. free throw...no good. 43-42 dogs. 6:00 to play
Karzi knows that he is dead within 72 hours of the departure of American troops - he has to act out.
EXCEPT for me and G. Because we're nice guys.
Thank you Morgan Freeman!
I have tried for days to get a rt would my favorite wildcat of all times give me a s\o
I just finished a 25,5 km run with Nike+ GPS.
Yes...30 Rock is officially concluding
I'm IN
picks up 55k twitter followers during Red Flag... always have a phone handy
Congrats on starting! Hope you have a fabulous first day!
Okay. I can meet you guys at noon, if that works. , do you want to come?
2 region championships under our belt
in what way? Just curious
M. That moment where you change the order of your slides and suddenly they work.
Please look like the person in your headshot. And it helps if it's actually YOU.
already have turned around twice to go back home , dear lord this trip should be good .
Ok Ted...so what is the plan if you let Wells walk??
because they're the most evil of all
According to #Bones, your "Cougar Age" is half your age plus eight years.. I think you're golden ;)
Every time I hear 's voice I just want to cry! I love your voice! You're an amazing singer!(: <>
saw my Teen Wolf boys in the abdc audience!!
Happy #madmen day! : literally doing the same thing on the dvd's
Umm I don't know if anywhere is ready for you Ms. Jones..lol
YOU GUYS... Do it!
thanks... we've learned from the best!
Last night there was a roach in my room and Marco wouldn't kill it!!!!
Heading to Phoenix tomorrow to meet with Tina Hockmuth and team!
Don't get mad if I care too much. In fact, you should really start to worry when I don't care at all.
Nothing much but we got a ustream in friday !
US TOO! “: I LOVE PEANUT BUTTER!!”
B-More club online radio is gone? How am I going to get my Friday night bounce on with Benny Stixx and DJ Booman? How, I ask you?!
I prefer the latter...
I'm actually entertained by the bickering...
I can't believe Tom wow
inspiring post! march book club vote soon?
Pens going to the cup, and docs lie!! "Pinch and a burn" is nothing like it says.
If you strive for perfection and what you do and who you are is never good enough, chances are...you will never be happy.
time to take a break
39 years, Congrats #Bruins!
sometimes people genuinely don't know they're being annoying. in those cases, do you tell them? or hope they'll eventually figure it out?
but u will fall
hah. I forgot!!
Going to go see Beastly(: Dinner with and was amazing<3
BTW, this is 1st rev of those MLA Guidelines to refer to "digital humanities." When they were drafted 12 yrs ago, we didn't call it that.
Had fun wit dude today he taught me to shoot bbguns that was fun I won of course:) haha
I'm so excited for you :D
alexis texas, jada stevens, or ya fav brazilian chick lol
If you are planning to plant new #grass in the spring, now is a great time to start turning the
Stadium Hardware IS open. I've been twice already.
Awww. You're a sweet surprise.
Getting my mom PXY Summer Jam tickets for Mother's Day.
you have like the best quotes on the world (:
Falling in love is awfully simple, but falling out of love is simply awful..
Thats what she said
Google street view brings the Truman show to all of us!
Congrats Scott, congrats everyone in Scott Foster for Williamsburg, congrats students.
my gosh brownie. another pp =]]]]
Discussing life and all of our common goals. Smart kids that smoke weed, honor roll-
Our website is moving to another server, so if you experience any problems, please bear with us. Thanks!
Dedicated satellites for Navy, IAF to be soon launched: Antony | idrw ...
Excellent! Wanted to make sure all was still a go before I recommend to a friend. #Thanks for quick reply :)
Whenever I get REALLY mad I cry. every. single. time.
Marco Estrada has a no hitter through 3
hey dude, mind if I get one of those Vader prints?
what's the point of those teen twitter accounts when they basically tweet the same shit
so i've always been super opposed to being labeled "femme" but i just saw The Brown Grrlz Project use the term "hard femme"... hm
MAY 1ST DA LOUNGE SKATE SHOP GRAND OPENING MAD GIVEAWAYS MAY 2ND POOL PARTY KNO HOW WE DO WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Watching #dexter right now...crazy:)
nor sacrifice holiness by conforming to the world..engage without compromise..
yes yes you are!
so true..
what about taking a few hours with no technology? No phones, internet, tv, computers, tablets, ipods, etc erc
At Federal Transit Administration mtg in San Diego w/ Supervisor Ron Roberts to support Mid-Coast Transit Project extending trolley to UCSD
« Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.»
thank you for the RT!!
Love is when you tell a guy you like his shirt and then he wears it every day.
Well thank you dear. Love how you whore me out LMAO ;)
having to be at the high school at 6 in the morning
Watching Never Say Never, my niece'd fave movie. Loving the social media aspect of Bieber's story.
Today in 1949, Orwell's 1984 was published. Today in 1984, Tetris was released. Hm....
Today Kristen and I realized 1. I'm amazing at catching objects. 2. I like tall lanky boys with long curly hair. 3. Lemons hurt.
Calling people by their twitter name.
OK students, and everyone else in the sports biz -- #sbchat with and friends starts...right...now.
sprints bro.
The new Twitter says Wynton Marsalis is similar to me. Flattery will get you everywhere, new Twitter.
I also got extra 6Go+ thanks to this feature which is even more awesome.
Thank you!
So. Snacks over there. Music over there. People over... -Points- There.
These kids are so rude
who are you seeing?
you already heard my loud NO about this. I was looking forward to Ewan as Chip :(
Sound familiar ? ": We all have that one friend that we greet with an insult"
"Pakistan Plane Crash: No Chance Of Survivors" Finally some good news!
I'd invite you to my bachelor party, but having a sober reporter around seems worse than having a camera.
get 4th of July fireworks and support YOURS rt 40 westview shopping center
Poor Andrew Luck! Looks like Heisman is out of his reach!
I need me some sleep. 💤
|-.._| FREE PARKING...$2 DRINKS ALL NITE... 18&UP PARTY..... SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
i really miss all the old nick shows.. watching rocko's modern life on netflix :)
I woke up and i can't get back to sleep. I've been waiting for this day my whole life.
I saw an iCarly bag the other day and out of celebration for #iLostMyMind, I'm going out to buy said bag. How're you celebrating #iLMM? ;)
Opera Supper will feature amazing local talent brought to you by Californos! Call up now to reserve one of the last few tables.
please. Follow. Back.
Philly drivers' inability to navigate the 4-way stop is directly proportional to the cost of my auto insurance.
Cmon Hawks! You can end it here!
Thanks! Good luck with Kinvey. Looks promising :)
fuck yeah! Plan dat shit. We should go for longer this time doe
and with you HotSauce!
Are you currently filming in Pittsburgh? Share with any production pics.
It’s Easter time and that means dead folks are crawling out of caves and graves and all the other cubbies to which people skulk off and die.
Hulsey says he knows of no such plan by Pocan.
I was hoping you would make it awkward. #SUCK. #IT. And everyone uses Pinterest, join the club
Welcome, life loving beauty! Send me your gift.
I know that showing emotion don't ever mean I'm a pussy .
What did you do to them?
:/ im just getting up.ur already at school lol
real talk all i need is 4 more followers man just 4 more
Haha I love you too.
Catch me on Fox 9 Twin Cities tonight discussing the Teen Choice Awards.
For once it'd be nice to see that you care....that you actually give a damn about someone other than yourself
haha yea seriously. Maybe now the clippers won't be a bust in the fourth anymore
AND I KNOW THAT MY HEART WILL GO ON WILL STAY FOREVER THIS WAY!.
"Yesterday I said sorry when someone gave me the wrong amount of change." - confessions of a Canadian cc:
Your Highness? Although, really, James Franco and Natalie Portman? Did you need work that badly?
I love you<3
#FF Thanks for following! You're the cat's meow!
I am, I gotta go wit my niggas though, Latina Ladies straight from the island , OMG ( new baby mamas )
Good day tweeps!
RT Thank you for a great experience! I leave #inspired #exhausted #hopeful #challenged and as a
Lob city clips
This professor is very up tight lol someone needs a girlfriend.... ☺
still in bed lol sorry early birds!
Spartacus Shark is making moves
Behind every beautiful female is a guy who did her wrong and made her stronger <3
hopefully a TV job. How is your music going? What's new?
My diss is on *deliberate* archiving on platforms. We should chat!
Great Video of Bugatti how it is made, and how fast is it??? www.apinsights.info One of my friends drove it. It is FAST
Best March Madness Sign: We Are Ridiculous Lehigh
Almost got a free vacation getaway to da bahamas to bad they tld me to pay fo the government taxes n shit smh
after the yard, stop by Library Bar for drinks with #codeforamerica and #openplans to talk cities & tech from 8-10!
Just seen the Boyfriend music video. Cray. He's not a 16 year old boy any more.
DE Nick Perry is now a Green Bay Packer. Thumbs up on that pick?
Yessir so good RT : “: Yes.. raspberry lemonade Gatorade” all in one?
Super Impact Fitness Studio Coming Soon! www.superimpactfitness.com Jersey City, NJ
eat then nucca
oh please! your booth will be the most beautiful and well thought out booth in all of the #nss land
if you follow me i will follow you i really do
Registering for a free tax webinar Sunday night with Ron Mueller www.HomeBusinessTaxSavings.com
Where is that safeway? Are they out of meat?
“Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.” - George Bernard Shaw
AZ State GOP Chairman Tom Morrissey Ousted - new Chairman elected: David Fitzgerald per Roberts Rules at State Convention -
That's debatable
Gym time
Thanks to all our members who came to the quarterly meeting last night! It was fun to hear your new ideas and see you make new connections.
What's your favorite food to power up before a long run or workout? Here's a blog I'm writing on learning to run and eat!
I'm not really a bitch, i just play one in your life
Losing Phil Taylor is such a huge blow. Heckert looks a lot better for drafting Hughes. Hopefully the kid can play.
"It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen."
Joe Hite will be on the keys tonight! Stop in after Jazz for some great cocktails served by fantastic bartenders!
Sometimes I feel like my weather app just fails me...where's the rain? At least I'm not the only one carrying an umbrella in the FiDi
Keep watching Twitter for a chance to win a pair of tickets to Théâtre Tout à Trac’s Alice in Wonderland at The Hillman Center April 16....
RT : #Gadaffi ,Lookup in the sky,is it a bird, is it a plane? Why yes, it's lots of planes over #Libya . Adios, Pendejo
Tell them I need to get off early. Lol
what about a black-Latino thing?
Half price bottles of wine...perfect for a rain-soaked day. Come and get it. All day every Monday.
i just listen to ur song once upon a lie u guys r really good
Senior in College!!!!!!!
watch Dr. Oz today at 4 and you might see our #cayc contest winner Janice Arsenault!
I'm this close to going on a stabbing spree -.-
Totally fell asleep last night and missed #pfismysanctuary trending :(. That's super awesome we got it up there though!
Just 12 more days until the early bird special is over! Have you registered for Little Miss Beautiful Hue America yet?
let's not wear our shirts cause ya know lokote ain't gonna be there...or what?
Congrats to you! Amazing job.
Gail Perry, ?Quicken All-in-One Desk Reference For Dummies ...
I have no clue haha. And the fact that we pronounce butter as budder.
Ryan Cook may have struck out 4 in one inning but Seth Smith basically struck out 3 times in one at bat.
Event is in walking distance to the game and Eastern Market...Tigers game both days....biggest wkend ever for Eastern Market Flower Day
Thanks for following, ! We're looking for a skincare person if you'd like to check out a meeting!
Just because it's Thursday doesn't mean you can't pretend it's Friday! Join us for Napa Hour! 5-7pm
grabbed the longboard, and boutta smash out the door!
drain the pool would be an excellent hardcore band name.
or why "weather guy" is derogatory and "weather man" is politically correct. I thought it was funny!
Oh my gosh... The Caucasian population loves that tip.
HEY! where can u find your background picture?! its so cute
lauren dumped jimmy:(
66 in New Haven @ 2:35 P.M. Only 4 more degrees to go. its getting close.
i just did, doll...thanks! (for the reminder) Have fun at Mayne stage!!!
Guys help my bestfriend get to 300 ! It would mean so much <3
RT : Good info on Mobile+Cloud using Windows #Azure Toolkit for Mobile Devices from Developer Duel tonight at
dude what happened
lmfao Harry look so scared
. on the this morn. Pleasant way to start the day...I just love him & all his albums, esp the Awakening.
I Love the Rickey Smiley mornin' show! They be too hilarious!!!!!
I wish people would quit tweeting about me get over me seriously u look pathetic it's over move on with ur pathetic lives grow up ur 21
DOJ said it can't provide "confirmation" on Full Tilt Poker rumors.
I see.. yes 3-3 but you're 3rd as well so
Public commenter: I hope one day our newspaper will have education issues on the front page, instead of convention centers. Zing
great show tonight. LAker fan, what's your thought on Gilbert Arenas joining the team. Hasn't happened yet, but gunna.
and all looked pretty sharp tonight. Oh, and looked pretty nice too, I guess.
What's really good twitter family I miss y'all and been very blessed since the new year I got a job and still on my diet I put up new pics
55 yard field goals. how much leg strength.
Between me and Sunny's research interests you'll probably get tired of the subject quickly
Don't go. It's pretty awful. And it makes me sad to have to say that
#1414 mikeyy or louis (: form both
RT : I'll go back to when Mitt is done blathering...//he's done. I think Martin reads our tweets!
If u hear that shit cumin from more than 3 ppl then it's tru MF
We say we're friend and that'll we'll hang out over summer. But in reality were just friends at school. I'm basically never gonna see you.
send some proof
it sucks sometimes though. Like fuck I'm stuck at dade. But my cousin gets to go to uconn yet I had a better gpa in high school.
Lakers not about that Life lol
Getting ready to throw down the 1st BASEhead Wednesdays edit on WIDSIX TV
I'll buy the book but want a tube top signed.
no it's not..
It's crazier the farther south you go. There's parking in the One America lots for $20.
Imma need for to not begin every convo with "last night when i walked into freds..."
you have to come to our golf tournament at Bali Hai!
Have you committed one of the 7 deadly #interview sins? lets you know on our feed.
Ill be up up and away, up up and away, cause in the end they'll judge me anyway, so whatever
This is gonna be a live ass game
is there coffee?
Doing the best I can with the gifts God has given me! Proud to be a daughter of the King! Yep! Yep!
Effects of exponentiality, higher ed. Textbooks are old tech
Finally got the remainder of the Pacific Ocean outta my ear. Thanks doc!
When you judge me without knowing me, you do not define me, you define yourself.
That was deep...
Thank you for White Rock community mtg stream. Feels like mic dropped into warm family reunion. Sense of togetherness.
I thought was supposed to be funny tweets, not pseudo inspirational buuullshit
Everyone needs to join the API economy. It's the future!
“: Appreciate every nice thing a #Scorpio does. Otherwise, you will be cut off.”
#FAC is going in full force already! It's $5 pitchers of #DuffBeer & $1 Sliders until 6!
my parents names in Arabic tho
"JoBros Are Our Heroes"
decided to log on, on my computer and change my password! got tired of seeing spam posts from me!
i love you.
Steve Buscemi has unlimited ammo
5 blunts into it
Stout Man in a Bitter World: Granite Brewery-Hopping Mad
gotta live for today so life won't pass me by ~
Getting my shoulder checked out😷
heading out to the course at the HP Byron Nelson Championship.
Awesome, see you there!
Exactly. That's why Twitter is awesome. You guys understand my frustration :)
.22rifle>chirping bird ...too early for your song you chirpy lil bastard.
RT : The Miami Herald picked up our Live Taping tonight at If it's in print, it matters!...
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs because people like to play w/ emotions
Let the race begin :)
i used to think i was a white racist..al sharpton showed me im really a latin american racist
Thanks for the RT. I'm glad you thought it was funny as well. We're big fans of too. :)
Gm world!!
oh, that makes more sense.
Now everything is swirly and gooply. And the fish on the ceiling are hairy.
that's a good client. :)
I is good! hows about you?
thanks for the Friday laugh!
162 games of nine innings still not enough? Wow- great drama tonight. If the postseason can be anything like this I'm all in.
Yes... Is it on the 15th or 16th?
