I'm really happy we sold our couch but I am really missing it while watching these games. Beach chairs coming trough in clutch instead.
MarineMax and the strength in our brands make us #1. No one else comes close to servicing our customers! Check out our stock @ HZO.
#TacoBellTrafficTracker at the #TacoBell 5604 Cameron Road 5-6pm today!!! I have some movie passes
My mom is annoying me so much right now
HI JASMINE V I LIVE IN SPEIN I LOVE YOU AND YOU NEW CONCURSE WHEN WAS YOUR FIRSTH CONCERT?
well....I don't know about that ;)
Check out Free online tool for documenting developmental milestones/memories! Parents and teachers LOVE IT!
Jeff, thanks for the great article on and myself!
will be rocking this Friday the 30th! Come party with us on the sunset strip
Where was Brooks Conrad when this happened?
did he meet the mother? Is it Barney in drag?
Lucky w live starting tables lately. Have another great one here. Too bad it will break in a couple hours. Started w 40k. At 1st break 44.5k
SMILE BIG! We are open at 4PM today!
hey sexy <3 you be lookin mad d0pe in that Twitter pic of yours (; get at me?!?
Going to go get my girls vday cards
even though they looked like ants, lin still rocked my world ;)
New England may have league's best defense in 3 years. #Sheesh. Great draft.
LOL - i hear ya - i thought turkey was a new "healthy" thing not a traditional thing. all i know is i am now very hungry
Where is the integrity and consistent character? Society as whole is two faced... when it comes to the people one likes or love!
Yay! Can't wait! RT Hallelujah. Community is coming back March 15.
. and by "sum of the parts" this includes logo, packaging, ads & what the customer thinks/feels about the prod
not every song is meant to be a radio hit
Thank you. He was a great guy, kind of a 2nd father, jokester, loved by everyone. My cousin gave an amazing eulogy.
You could probably just walk the rest of the trip. :-)
*i* try hard not to think he's fraud
just a day away
followed back
Mommy cooking on say grill ya
CP3 or Tony Parker? TP3, (Tony Parker, 3 Rings) hands down.
Wanted to thank everyone for all of the inspiring Info!
Whhooo super! Will it be like deja vu? MT “: I will be live-tweeting tonight's #30Rock on at 830pm ET #SweepsTweet”
Enjoy. I think about 10 of my requested changes were made in 6.5. Pretty awesome.
Don't over think just know its right
There is more in front of you than what's behind you.
debut online is 4-16-12!!! Can't wait :)
you're really great! Two thumbs way up!
plx follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube
Yep. Hail in Seattle in April. Yep.
Today has been amazing but im so tired
Colorado is looking good! Arizona wildcats aint looking good Mr lute olson
You can�t just live for some goal in the future and have that be everything or have that be it
look at all these beautiful games on your iPad that you can't play very well without a controller that doesn't stick or smudge the screen!
Congratulations to all my friends who won hugos (just saw the hugo newsletter). YEAH!!! to Chris and time lord chicks!
Any funny Valentine Day stories you'd like to share? Did everything work out as planned?
Happy Valentine's Day Ladies!
my question is: what ARE the essential facts that we "need to" know? What are the things for which we should rely on google?
what the hell are you tweeting about
Yay for Friday! Writing job done; proposal submitted; lunch w/old friend good :) Off for a run, in anticipation of overindulgence tomorrow!
Really #inspiring to watch students complete their essays in class when they claimed they couldn't do it.
And they have to be naked in my bed before 7 because that's when my mom gets home.
#MikeD resigns? Should have been Mello.
Mah grades are going up WOO!!!!!!!!
hello my TWEET'S ... just checkin in.. have a good day and keep smiling. Its gorgeous out. come out and have a few glasses of cold wine.
I found blood and I saw stars all in the backseat of your car, and ya told me it was love
Yes and I'm still drinking the same strong ass coffe today, but now its Tiramisu moka flavored :)
I hope my generation can hold the torch when the time comes. Carry on tradition.
I need models to participate in our Clear Port Boutique and Beauty 'LOOK OF THE DAY' pic! Make UP and Hair by B. Borja and Chrisante Devon
Boring Night -.-
Can't make the concert? Show you support the kids by donating at www.harmonytohelp.com ALL the funds go to Children's #Cancer Fund of
cool beans
No such thing as too long. That ish is expensive so keep it until it literally falls apart in your hands.
I have five sisters. Odds are really good that one of them is a side bitch.
Had a great time on the set of "Southland"
Thanks- will have some students share an Animoto account and that should do the trick.
Man oh Man!! Dang! I hate it when the store sells stale ass dutchmasters!!! I mean the shyt just krumble up!! Hey Kumar!! I need my $1 back!
Janet Leigh. Look at you, a hoddie with a boddie
I miss you! We need to do lunch ASAP! I know school must suck without me ;)
thank u 4 following me!!!:)
The Secret to a Happy Ending is ending.
obviously not on the low anymore since you tweeted it…
I an only hope it does for those bunch of dirty cheats...finally they get caught...deserved red card...i hope it ends 10-0
We are a ShowRite Feeds dealer in KY! Contact me for your #livestock show animal nutrition.
After a long night of storms, I'm crossin' my fingers for some sunshine. One more storm to go before we get a break. :)
When we gone hit anotha track bro
Steak, shrimp, potatoes, brocoli, moscato, and loud!
I fucking hate school so much.
DM us your address!
You won't see a better middle-linebacking performance ever. Don McCafferty, former Colts Coach
Can i go back to monday and tuesday please? that would be great
don't want to go to school tomorrow ughh
RT : Looks like in addition to Maryland, winning tickets were sold in IL and KS. 640-mil divided by 3=still really rich.
Hilarious ": So i see you went as a slut wearing a pair of animal ears for Halloween, that's cute."
I havent watched yet it yet it's recording butt Abs? Oh lawdddy I can't wait to see!
Ima take the next 7hrs one hr at a time. Really don't want to work with this person.. damnit!
congrats again, Boo Boo and Tom! Nothing but the best for you both. Loveandkisses, Dad.
Ah, spring.
I have a forecast you're going to love this morning. Make sure to catch Debra Gil and me from 7:00-9:00 on Good Day Oregon. See you then!
What a day, what a day. All about those fn details! But when it all works out, I feel like I truly do deserve that bottle of wine
They just need somebody to love RT : Why's a bieber group following me? A hate the wee girly shite
Home sick but still watching #8LA. Brilliant.
So cool. RT : Happy Mother's Day to all moms, especially mine who lets me know before every game that she'll be cheering for me.
online store coming in about 1-2 weeks, otherwise they are available at all Borders stores
I suppose I'll get used to it eventually, but for now, all it does is make my eyes hurt. (Which, if I'm not mistaken, is EVIL.)
Need a Massage :)
shoprite offered me a raise, more hours and a transfer to a different department and i still said no. cvs here i come
Are there any estimates of how many gallons of gas are being saved by #Carmageddon?
That veronica vaughn is one hot piece of ace...I would know from experience dude.
I had to do that too my iMac, much better now.
The best time to start is now. You may never be as ready as you are at this moment.
RT!! Follow and one person in Africa will gain access to clean safe water! 1 for 1. Help spread the word!
That's a super cute pic!!
Walking to class and seeing two girls giving each other hickeys thats cute guys....
Looks like quality of life over energy efficiency and size is winning in my survey! What do you think?
On a computer for the 1st time since giving birth 9 days ago. Been in baby-heaven/survival-mode. Scared to check my overflowing inboxes...
Gearing up for our next production, Shuffle to Show Boat, at the !! Only 5 shows in conjunction with the INTERSECTIONS festival!
Thank you love! <3 Now make sure to only talk to us and not here!
I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones
playing w/some LTI things tonight-also wondering where u r on mapping/outcomes development-we r lookng at several mapping tools
A romp in the ocean or a lake enhances your dog in every way. No need for a bath after. The salt water is a great coat conditioner too!
you are so cute when you're angry.
your sexy, its okay.
i know but thank you
Boxing match last night was straight bogus smh
I miss you !
WHAT UP! CULT LOGIC IS HERE!
mix it with some diet coke since chances are you aren't dieting either
I used to be quite a wine snob until it started to give me headaches. Still love it though.
Hope everyone is having a great Sunday! We need some more followers! Spread the word for !!
great set last night
Only if what you wear over is close to the knee. Spread the word! RT : can we wear leggings?
#3 Bring back Marshall Fields already!
RT naw Danny and Paul George so god damn good.
RT This Friday at Eck's Saloon: ACDC, Black Sabbath, & Rush tributes. It's a Tribute Extravaganza!
Why am I still watching the Golden Girls?!?
I am! Out on business. I'm up around Albany Park and Lincoln Square today, what about you?
we've got 4 questions for you: 3. What challenges must be addressed? and 4. What actions, big or small, can you take to help?
Tried to do a pull up at the gym today. Didn't! The girl on the treadmill laughed. Starting workouts tomorrow out of shame.
watching travis in moto x best trip, then ghost adventures!
Sometimes I want to 🔫 these nxggas
ohh ok :) ! Good luck
We love delicious things! Visit at the Broadway farmers market today! 10-3.
Glad to see you're back in business!
interesting...I had different set of problems when I studied in France...which is what led to thesis :)
Have green tea w/honey. Am a happy girl.
I wear my heart upon my sleeve, like a big deal
doesn't dye expire? lol are you bald yet? lol I'm scared for you.
A "Crescent Sun Over Tucson" on Sunday, May 20; Partial Solar Eclipse from 4-6...never view with the naked eye!
WR's are deeper in 2nd round than CB's...Gilmore or Kirkpatrick will be the pick...
Gift and a Curse 😉“: #Gemini can be really pissed one minute and then be so calm and happy the next.”
Dropping the truth they ant handle! RT : "If you can't feed your baby, then don't have a baby"
Never Again! You to go to www.livebinders.com, it is a nicer way to share your document. No more links and it is
Too early for this Slim lol
..the clippers better not f.ck this up for me.
Just very bright.
No, and that's my whole point. The GOP has controlled it the last 17 months. Reagan's 1st year job losses are credited to Carter.
Happy birthday!!! :)
i used to get crap on my pc all the time until i started using firefox
Singing; Girls who are boys who like boys to be girls who do boys like they're girls...
my sister in law has not spoke to me since she sent me a picture of her daughter and sent a reply she looks beautiful LOL
Anythang by Drake.
what!? That's awesome! She is fun :)
Starting with the man in the mirror.
Can you promote our #NYC Corporate Research #Librarian opening to your followers? !
Our very own Dante, airbrush artist to the stars, just airbrushed PaulaAbdul for the WendyWilliams show. Good luck Paula you look beautiful!
#RockYouLikeaHurricane It's how we roll!! #KeepShiningBright Ed! You're a fantastic #HireFriday Champion :D Hv a Gr8 week!
ONLY way to make this right WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
hahah no big deal :)
For those concerned about gender equality at the : just left an accidentally all-female meeting--1 writer, 3 editors, 2 checkers.
... & this world will see... I WAS HERE
QOTD, from Health Affairs via Katie Smith: “Policy makers may need to take more of a leadership role in determining affordability."
Loved McAlister's
I got a iguana for a pet!
During your offer, provide solutions to any potential objections that may arise as well. This will fortify the close.
Say what you wanna say. Cause i don't give a fvck anymore !!
Interesting. All my friends and family seem to be going through simultaneous twitter fatigue.
Stay tuned for series of local Women's History Month events
#muchlove to all our followers! thanks for getting us to 400 strong!!
I'm getting 360 points. :)
Dear haters, first off you should know that I'm writing this with my middle finger<3
Mt. Charleston was absolutely AMAZING today! We were finally able to feel Fall temps!
I'd do "as punishment for" - DvL
thx for article. Reads as damage control though. Going from 40 to 51 AA students of 3k still not good. (cc )
Nars Schiap nailpolish back in stock! Allure Magazine editors choice pick!
Be daring. Celebrate your mother today!
Good morning Seattle. Something about the sun hitting downtown just makes me smile.
lol kofi kingston is ugly. is the best lookin guy in wwe history right now
My cat is trying to teach me to open the front door. He must think I'm stupid because I never do.
I go of to "Party"
Why I don't worry about my hair? Because, in 3 months ill be able to put it in a pony tale again -_- lol my hair be growing too fast!!
Our quote was "Be you in all your uniqueness" :) "Be you in all your uniqueness" - and ♥
Too many graduate labs with white noise levels set to the loudness level of pain, makes me cringe at your statement.
You guys I'm scared! I take my behind-the-wheel test tomorrow at 9:30! May the lord be with me 
I'm celebrating it in Miami, FL with my brother and my mother is coming over soon! So happy... ;)))
#waystomakemehappy talk about Eminem.
Never Met Him, Talked To Him, Seen Him In Concert.. But I Still Have Endless Love For , he's a caring, sweet individual.
That's BS. STOP!!
If you are still on the fence about signing up...there are 9 spots left in the half marathon!
do u know y the power went out?
May 18 - mark your calendars.
-- money will spent!
My life is all about being good to others and not being an asshole. I have no time for meanies, no matter who they are.
Kimora Lee Simmons & Family Splash About in St. Barts (PHOTOS) Who said you had to spend Christmas in the snow? Kimora Lee Simmons soak
yea I know I hardly get on
Not sure how a hoodie can get my son killed. This honestly has to be the most ignorant comment I have heard thus far.
Me! : Raise your hand if you are the only one Tweeting from your #SuperBowl party and nobody else understand why.
anytime my friend!
thanks for the follow!!
acv the good kind. really. I promise.
The should just let and have a good 'ole fashioned street fight to see who the starting QB should be.
i think i forgot some words there. lol.
Where you gonna go?
I've hit them all, even had cheeses from Green Dirt Farm. Woodyard is a hidden gem (or it was).
Earthquake! 5:34am - Just felt a short but strong shake while having my morning cuppa.
Fun Fact of the Day - A bird requires more food in proportion to its size than a baby or a cat!
• You don't already have a girl? shocking.
Its a problem when sings music you've never herd so much you learn the words and sing along with her<3
Shaved Ice <3
I dont know who I am anymore, never once have I been real but I've never been this close before
Iced coffee. 💚
your beyond beautiful with or without make up I know one day a Guy will appreciate your true beauty inside and out(:
Purple Lounge Parent Media Corp Looks to Acquire The Poker Channel
He's barely breathing. RT Duncan Keith has not been the same since the sixth time he lost he teeth.
Additionally, I just can't help but like that Blake Shelton.
Oof. I did. I hope it turns into an annual event!
Could we get a link to that?
“: "old people click, young people like". Period. #pasummit”
Stocking up on fish at Joon. Gotta love a good fishmonger.
Day 2 of US National Team Trials. Both our guys in the finals. So far so good.
Congrats to my man on putting on his dancing shoes!
About to kick her right in her 2 piece Doug! : D
night all - back to school tomorrow for me....
Kevin Boyer,Joe Dever,Mike Mason,Mark Murray,James Crawford,Mike Newton,Myles Hamilton,Kevin Craighead,Matt Anzalone
Yo mama's so dumb, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept
Good Morning, sunshine. A new day to spring forward.
wow fuck this
Washington County, you feel like home.
#IWantToHave some ice cream
"The cathedral that is Yankee Stadium belongs to a chapel"- Vin Scully in #ForLoveoftheGame Whoever wrote that knows Vin
happy mother's day to all the mothers everywhere.
I have been and I have been sitting over my steamer for like a day The congestion is finally getting better! I need ThroatCoat!
Seriously just slapped some paint on my toes on the train platform.
Has anyone tried using linux with the Intel G45M chipset?
the heat have shot more free throws this quarter than some teams shoot in a game smh
Your new hairstyle
Today........ May or may not be a good day.
Need a place to stay in Vegas?? Get "dibs" on great rooms!
well it makes me even more excited than i was.
OKC ALL DAY
Enjoyed "Roadhouse Blues" by The Doors on Pandora
no advice on this situation I'm afraid. I'm praying for a QPR miracle. Not expecting one though for the record.
Just tapped Sound Humulo Nimbus Imperial IPA.
Could be a big day....
yeah that douche.. Not the first time he's done something like that
#onedirectionquote Harry: We Promise at one moment we were all topless.... Together. Aww Harry's so cute ^.^
Thanks for the tw-love!!
please watch it:( I need my pens to win.
#Obama touts his #highered feats: grads now pay only 10% of monthly income on #studentloans. No more #Romney jabs?
RIP Steve Jobs. #isad my iPhone is home. Thxs for your visions.
yes Micah, I'm sure. Haha
My Bday party was pretty siik,, now time for some recuperating
Got crushed today flipping and set over set. Stopped on the way home for Guinness and Hookah. More enjoyable when you pretend it costs $1200
it was so great to meet you at #SXSW - we must reconnect so I can tell you more abt what we do for our customers.
Ugh! I need a ginger ale
Katy Perry/SnoopDogg to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl" Stay tuned 4 details!
yeah, I've been there...never enough to get me to take pred-but you should be totally fine. It's longer runs that are trouble.
The DJ played Chasing The Sun!! Yeaaahhhh baby!! :D
God i want this week to be over with! Its only Monday -___-
If Your Not Following Mc Eiht Then Your Just Not #West Enough "Which Way Iz West" And Brand New #CMW Album Co ...
thanks for the opportunity!
cool i just got back from the shower
when will you be home again??
Folks, I'm concerned might not have caught the first flight out of Louisville. Can anyone please advise?
didn't realize Jermaine Paul who won "The Voice" was THE Jermaine Paul. he deserves his shot so much. dude been putting in WORK.
My laugh is like La La La La La La La 
Thanks Reynold! I feel bad 4 Sanchez, not sure how Tebow will fit in RT : Great stuff. That Sanchez story interesting
I heard that will be on the campus today. Is it true and where are you guys?!
“: Awesome workout! Perfect way to start the day!” Perfect way to prepare for tonight with for celebrations!
Huge thank you to Katie, Nicole, & everyone that donated on behalf of the OMGs! That much closer to World Finals!
giiirrrl me and the rev. Mother drove past today. And someone illparked in the front and I had no where to park
Days like these i want to close my eyes an sleep it off.
You should take Cop to Prospect Park 1 time before you go back to the motherland. Even if he picks a fight, let him have his day.
We hope you love visiting our city as much as we love having you here!
Just drove through my first storm in Tampa. How bout that drainage system?? Lol. Almost took one of each animal for the ark on 275.
Downtown Indy crowds: Try Mass Ave or Fountain Square for fun without the crowd.
You gotta get your beauty sleep! Not saying you need it...the beauty part. You need some hot tea before bed and a good book.
Big game tomorrow vs Chicago Fire PDL...heard some good things about , let's see what they are all about.
I'm at the Hospital Security Conference, learning about new ways to manage staff and patients securely, add metal detectors, and badging.
#github a repository promoting building/forking of discrete data collections. useful for #DPLA especially if there's API for public curation
Fuckkk You just ruined my day..
Pooping so much in Racine right now. Fitting.
#Favmoviequote .... I must participate in this trending topic.
I'm lovin, living, learning
Rockin to my nigga "Poetic Justice:Love & War" sippin sum Rossi....relaxation at its best!
I saw a few mentions of this, but you two got me to actually go look. I tried it. :-)
Quick to bust a tear
yes it is!! Haha also the hardest sport!
Walking on Cloud 9....
haha! Good to hear from you, I LOVE the store! Keep it up you two! Nice music too ! XO
"follow this and you'll get this many followers!! it worked for me!!:D #stfu that's a piece of #bullshit -.-
I think I'm in love with my best friend Sammy!?!? How could this happen I mean Sammy is amazing funny cute wow he is perfect for me! :)
My own experience has taught me this: if you wait for the perfect moment when all is safe and assured it may never arrive. -Maurice Chevalie
Its easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission. - Proverb
RT : Thanks 2everyone saying they can't wait for my show to air,its almst time!! La La's FULL COURT LIFE premiering on VH1 on Aug 22nd
Yes Lawson!
and I live for you calling the radio show last season ;) RT : BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTZZ I LIVE 4 U
If your service business relies on renewals, offering your customers an annual “free checkup” is a great way to retain their business.
We vote for this Joint!!!!
all of your preshis red coats getting slaughtered, come again we will slaughter you to fucko, and your whole race
Happy hour till 8 tonight. Stop in for a 5$ Sazerac.
Daiyonmusic up and running check it out doing good overseas
My shoes, not his shorts.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. ~Albert Einstein
The fact that a guy is singing Britney Spears on The Voice...lol
Roses are red Candles are lit Dude, your face... I like that shit
Feel like DeMarcus is trying to get the first-ever quadruple-double with pts, rebs, to's and techs.
ha! you ready to move brotha?
Didn't see the #Zenyatta news. Just got internet at home yesterday afternoon. But back in business today.
LADIES SPLASH IN TO COLOR WITH SPLASH TEE AND TANKS STARTING AT 7.99 NO THATS A DEAL
that was a beast for sure. Couldn't put it down once I started. It edged out Joes's by a narrow margin. Fries were good too.
Happy birthday, !
yeeeaaahhh. i got one
Ah shucks!! Thank you!
I will!
If you like to cuddle before and after sex..
My sub-teacher look like da short funny guy off of hangover
I don't know which is more interesting - the fact that there is an entire catalog for conference lanyards or that I'm on their mailing list.
No expectations, no disappointments.
Had a fun time with Miss Bonnie this morning...now it's time for Miss Meagan's shoot! yay!
Teenage bliss after seeing Channing Tatum on the red carpet
One of my favorites, but a D ticket attraction!
Inspiring visionaries loved our meeting xoxo!
UFO Ensemble @ The Kosmos tonight. It's gonna be a great evening, AND Tractor Brewery's serving up goodies on tap! Hurray!
starting to think all the best #photographers are obsessed with Dr Pepper
Finally got my official acceptance letter today for the Interpreting program, yay! (:
That quote came courtesy of Mr. Dupri via Global 14,if you're not a lifer, you have no swag :-)
this one girl in my class says, "im the biggest jordan hootzigreuter fan there is and you know it!" <-- um, 'hootzigreuter'?
Vanessa Hudgens: Maxine Boutique Beauty - GossipCenter.com
Shit! I forgot to get change to do laundry...heading back out the door.
so does anyone feel that we skipped a season?
Private pilates classes only $45 each or $400 for 10 sessions! Certified, experienced instructors!
Who Loves Me??
I agree with RT : q2) why a discrepancy between curating and creating, create when needed, curate when needed, eh?
Neon Venus Art Theater TONIGHT 10:30pm. IMPROV!! 2 for 1 deals on tics! 7023 Melrose Ave. Tonight will be funny...at least I think so.
im gonna attack you! #reunion #ivemissedmybestie 
“: Am i the only 1 who thinks tweets are so real ?” :-)
Favorite color?:)
Unfortunately the snaps could not redeem the shirt's many shortcomings.
did u gt that Cologne
no there are woods behind there
"In the morning I'll be with you / But it will be a different kind / I'll be holding all the tickets / And you'll be owning all the fines"
Im going to rewatch it and let you know if I see it any where else and in ep4 to. I will keep you posted.
TSOI-NY is @ Santos catching THE GODFATHERS.
You make the world a better place by making yourself a better person | Scott Sorrell
that sucks ._.
I miss the days when movie villains were old men who spoke slowly from dark corners.
Rise n grind
RT : Heading to an afternoon #Rockies game. Lets hope they can win one!
CALL ME MAYBE. xoxo RT : things like this tweet make me love you even more lol
Good advice. MT Don’t wait until #conference time to check in w/your child’s
One pin Rodney!
Insufficient amount of bicarbonates in our blood reduces our body's capability to manage, neutralize and dump acid wastes.
I've uploaded my manuscript for Been There, Done That for printing. I should have my first proof in a couple of weeks.
Both Of Us Remix<21
So refreshed! Sunday cleaning and outdoor shenanigans :)
I think I even heard them say "1-800" I there somewhere. Sounds like a Tonka truck commercial or something.
miss you already
Thank you for the #FF last Friday... we have been in intense long tech this weekend. Just came up for air. :)
Do ever misunderstand....I love and support local companies...but #TeamHM and the #GenX movement is working towards GLOBAL now :)
auditions for Eurydice at Live Arts tonight @ 7p!
In DUMBO for book launch of 's Social Media. Volume ed Michael Mandiberg name-checks
Many molds can cause health effects. They produce allergens, irritants and, sometimes, toxins that may cause adverse reactions in humans.
thank you so much! I love you!:)
So nervous and anxious!
Good news! My ipod headphone jack wasn't broken, just packed with lint. Easily fixed with a paper clip! Have I mentioned I'm a genius?
All I wanna do today is read, watch PGA, finish a project, sweep my floors, and do my exercises.
Even ninjas have to wait to go through airport security.
That was yesterday, today is another day! Go forward and dont look back not even to see your own ass taking off, its the best advice i got
Thank you participants! Congratulations to for winning this week. A giftcard if all yours! See ya next week!
Miller Time!!!
Hm... Mad swag! xD
My 1,000th tweet goes to ..Thank you so much for being such an inspiration and just being GRAND!! :) RT? you'd make my life:)
I never get mad at bitter people because they end up losers in life so I just sit back and laugh.
I love the way that talks about his daughter 💚👏👏 great Man
#BoBNow speaker, Kirk Rossberg to appear on TLC's TV Show "Fabulous Cakes" tomorrow!
Robert Caro doesn't speak of power: he talks about "aspects of power".
*Sigh* Last day of spring break. I wish it went out with more of a bang, but not so much. I'm hungry ...
When in doubt... blame Archtics. Kidding of course.
Number one thing learned from seeing Death Cab for Cutie live last night: The Walt Disney Hall bar doesn't carry Tequila!
why should it be? I was talking about a shirt I would like. And I will I just haven't gotten around to it yet
Today is Campus Work Day after church from 1-3p. Dress casual for church, grab lunch, and meet back at 1p. Bring your own tools, gloves, etc
A small business can take a solid 7 years to develop. A musical career is no different!
- not that impressed with this one but thx just the same.
I want to get a tattoo. What's the Japanese symbol for "I'm going to regret this in ten years"?
good luck, hope you get a great deal! I was looking for some vehicles for upcoming vehicle comparison posts, thanks.
I miss dat Hispanic booty so much I can practically smell da enchiladas :)
reading MLK's "Why Jesus Called Man A Fool"...
When you consider a #socialmedia solution spend more time investigating the customer service and consulting skills than the software.
Y'all follow Now !
I love #MobWives! I'm totally on Drita's side.
i would have done the same haha, its saturday & 6:35pm :]
Thank you Autismate! Your app looks amazing!
Hey Stod, how's life back out this way and the new going?
Good thing you said, "Just sayin." Otherwise I wouldn't have realized that you were saying that thing you just said.
This Mango Good.
11/4/2010 Blog Marketing: To Do Or Not to Do? Business Unusual
we have the HEAT in the kitchen! Let's go Miami!
Parents wire kids to prove teachers' verbal abuse - BusinessWeek
#edcocp Time is an important part of all networks, social & semantic. Change is interesting. Center/periphery, Dense/Sparse.
Different vibe than the housewarming, but we're expecting a good crowd and a fun time. See you there?
Your new song Stupid Ho is...STUPID!
#oomf forgot about me doe  he said he wouldn't 
Good hike today, got some ice cream, a movie and kettle corn.
When u go to vegas u lose everything and when u lose everything you sell ur hair to a wig shop
ha! i left at the principal giving his daughter the pink beret. MUCH farther than when I left Max at the tattoo artist.
Good to communicate, but at some point you have to stop watering a dead plant.
one more thing, im going to be interviewed with MTV Friday ;D okay goodnight <333
To clarify, the FIFTH person with the correct answer will win the prize pack!
...then a yawn, a head rub and a swat as I leave...her room, now.
the hell I do! This is my bosses phone. I haven't had actual buttons since '09
funny! How are things? I want to make it to the this year...
hahaha yes we are don't lie too me suga
The people I work with >>
Our twitter avatars should make babies.
Don't tell anyone or you'll be just another regret
thanks! Love you SO much!!
Hey it's no problem, hope you and your family get better :)
which one(s) did you try?
Really chick? You dont know know nothing about the situation! Dont act like you do cuz you dont!
Firing up the playlist I've used for this book since it began for the copyedits.
Snow this weekend..
Wow. That sucks: appears to be down. Can't even raise the home page, all my links are dead. Sorry to my readers!
Sell Your House Creatively Sometimes selling your home is easy. Other times, it is a real pain in the rear. Your home can sit on the mark
Smh some of you are talking about being successful but you're high everyday. How do you plan on getting successfull if you're high and lazy
I'm more afraid of not having any. RT #Actors, this is important stuff! Take a look & don't be afraid of your money!!
I just used Google Maps to plan my workout route.
I have finals coming up soon so its study time for me :/ Distract me? Lol good luck on your finals!!:-)
RT : You are amazing and beautiful and a creature of UNLIMITED potential! <<Ahh, you've been talking with my mom again.
I love the song Super Luv by JUDGE ME.
Dempster's pitching for the #Cubs today. The only way they could score fewer runs for him is to dip into negative numbers.
Every heterosexual woman and homosexual man is going to see Magic Mike opening day. (June 29th)
not much, but enough to survive. Are you getting my sleep at all? Hope you get enough rest to return to work! Ha!
says women leaders my support women leaders.
Send it into overtime !!!!! Please!!!!
Thanks to for playing our new sing(le) "Gong Xi, We Are Happy" last night!
No Prince rule, but I almost ALWAYS play one tune from The Purple one when I DJ a gig.
Keep it up RT : Holy hits Mariners 😊
‘Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.’ ~Seneca
Life is great!
is killing me!
We were so worried about you.
#Word! Show the real you when the going = tough! #Persevere RT "Anyone can steer a ship when the sea is calm." - Harvey Mackay
Carmelo man u know what it is put him in that situation NCAA championship
Having trouble finding the schedule for the Amer Antiquarian Society's mting on Research Libraries in the Digital Age. Help?
Looking frwrd 2 it“: Check out the CNN doc "72 hours under fire" on our journey into and covering #Syria. Airs Sun @ 8 pm ET"
Or that all things work together for good to those who love God, who ;
thanks Sharen. spread the word! and how are you? RT : Wow, Gail, what a fun new venture! Congratulations.
. make that same argument to me in November on the morning after the election. Or after the Super Bowl.
uh no, I remember as well:)
thank you! and I know, omg he's perfect.
My boyfriend just left, I'm sad)))))):
“: man came back into my life at the perfect time... love her positive energy!!” LOVE YOU NEYA!!
hey Brooke, do you mind emailing me? I'd like to really talk to you. when you get the chance.
Countdown to Puerto Rico; 6 weeks 6 days 🌴
We unfortunately had to cancel for Wednesday's Beachland show w/ Hank & Cupcakes; however, our friends The Sleeps will now be opening!
Why is Justin Bieber trying to sound like the Ying Yang Twinz?
That's a good thing, right? Wish I could say that ever!
Haha, exactly! I'm gonna chalk it up to an elderly driver ;)
Just gave my son his first haircut, a buzz on #5, without mom's knowledge. I think I may be in trouble.
So loving Adele's new album!! 
I don't see #Haiti as a top trending term on Twitter. What a shame. I hope this changes before the day is over.
Loving 's Future of Social CRM presentation. So many overlaps between this & community management!
RT : OH: "Oh sh*t - I just realized I have one month to eat 6 Quiznos."
last week, had interesting disc abt term #ICT vs #IT - which is more popular? depend location? yr thoughts
race me still
Just bought a mega-millions lottery ticket using jersey numbers. Better bring me luck !
People are the MOST annoying creations that God ever created. More annoying than ants.
Just learned that your Cowboys will be featuring Dan Connor at LB now. Connor and Lee together again.
listing to god i love you(; <3
Faried was actually dazed from the smell of sh*t emitted from Kobe's shorts.
I don't wanna get up. :(
Good news: All the sources exist.
I guess you answered my question. Thank you for the article, very interesting!
you definitely should come! It's going to be crazy awesome!
What is so exciting about tomorrow?
Are you going to say "IT'S TIME!!" in Japanese 144? That'd be pretty cool! :-) Cannot wait for the weekend!
dam all my new York teams lost today what the hell is really going on in new York ?????
CHECK YOUR MAIL KIDS!
This is a NEW type of last minute for Anderson's objectives
Al-Mutanabbi Street in Baghdad, bombed on March 5, 2007, was remembered by poets and artists tonight Library
wow. people suck.
Let's go Green Bay!!
I want to add you but I'm not sure what your xbox live gamertag is? :)
hey jeddings we can give u an oil change are you in san jose?? email me at
Your Welcome! :-) Followback?
The refs are just giving this game to the yotes bullshit
STREET CLOSURES! Avoid the area around Prudential Center & Washington Park Fri Mar 16 10a-3p due to St Pattys Day Parade! PLAN AN ALT ROUTE!
Scotch eggs and onion soup will cure any long day! And the good beer and service always help :)
packing for Hawaii & California, excited to get away for a week <3
I fax everyday. This is great information and a great website. Thanks
British porn star Holly Wellin -- who, according to Wikipedia, is
Happy President's Day! Do something presidential today!
i love mondays .
holy sh*t Chuck Brown passed away omg omg
/ Excellent! I will be sure to DM you when we get our alpha launched. If you like hashtag play, this'll knock your socks off!
Thanks for the RTs
That was hilarious!!!
Idk what's worse.. this game or talmbout how fine she think #KB is...
Nothing like a visit to San Diego with your children to renew your interest in life!
The Clippers have the NBA's dirtiest player (Reggie Evans), biggest flopper (CP3) AND most overrated player (Blake Griffin).
Saw Avengers, it was great, that is all. (with )
I'm losing everything that matters the most and it's going to be a rocky year.
The more of a mess you are the more attracted I are.
Thanks. We have a reporter and a photog in Orange right now, going to stay night in Beaumont. Might go to High Island tomorrow.
Much mahalo's for creating such a WONDERFUL product!!! I <3 it!!! ;)
doubt it xD
i miss you 2. My project going very soon out, i am very stoked..I send you link when my video be done.;) Say hello to all firends
BLEACH IS ON TUNE IN NOW!!!
ty! (and why does Twitter keep unfollowing you, dang it?)
Back at you. I only have MichUltra Lime at the house and won't dare #tweers you with that.
About where i started. 14k. Slow going
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...❤ please follow!! #Mahomie 5
added #TEAMBEATALLYALL to my profile ...
Less than an hour to go!! Come out to Tilting Kilts with DEPsi at Tilted Kilts and meet our Zeta class and play the various activities w ...
Our last alumni week event is a forum for our alumni to share their insights into life after Juilliard
Looking for a #retail #corporate #job in
things are looking really good for Season's Beatings this weekend!
thanks glad u like it. like my facebook page =] www.facebook.com/gstatus763
RT : Good news: The threatening mass has largely dissipated. May be some rain, but appears as if most of precip will slide south
at the Padres game - please give frequent but informative updates!
please!! I'm would watch that religiously :P if only Tripp van der Bilt and Father Smythe could do a spinoff together :)
Beginning our second day of scanning shortly.
Hey everyone please make sure to continue to give me support, and make sure you follow me on twitter
I won't ignore you 😌
Garage sale tip: masonry tools sell better than ethnographies.
Where would you shop if money were no object?
Obama: "The debate about the role and size of government has been with us since our founding days"
Teachers and Parkrose School District meeting again will they settle a contract or not ?
lol like on our bus rides? Cx
Don't worry we'll draft WRs on Day 3 & they're gonna b great gunners on the punt team! & pick up a washed up WR in free agency
Off to put the little monkey to bed. BBL
RT When I got it, I give. When they got it, they give. But together We live!!
heartbroken? You've got a foot,
and I will be sharing a pork chop sandwich. :) is here too.
: Pro communicators must become more transparent and develop trust within our networks.
Bus rides<<<
Which insect didn't play well in goal ?The fumble bee !
me too. I haven't seen it yet!
S/O to my girl She's graduating today & I'm so proud of her.
Think outside the box....think big,dream big!!! Use your wildest imagination!!!
Big school full of fake bitches!
i think you need to see a doctor, shitting that frequently is not normal . . .
i finished this morning man good luck
I apologize for the lack of couponage. You can blame it on a powder day in Mammoth. For 17.99 off a new system type in POWPOW
completes my life. Thank you Jake<3
THIS tweet -> RT Casting my vote for the Cory Booker/Elizabeth Warren 2016 ticket in advance, and also in my fever-dreams
Sometimes i wish didn't have as many twitter followers because then it wouldn't be so hard to get noticed
My former employer was petrified of #linkedin #facebook #twitter - - - I shared your article w/ others still there :-0)
Get the fuck out
No going back now. Be sure to check out the $.99 books too - some real gems in there. Pass along any recommendations!
“: it sad Shoutout lol” wow -.- I epically fail on my part lol
. Bummed San Diego's isn't unique! What is our Mark Twain connection, anyway? Or was it just that he liked waffles?
I am impressed you remember the date. All I know for me it was summer around 10 years ago.
My roommate and I are heading down there tonight! (I know, I'm exciting) It's been a long while since I've been there.
ur so beautiful
#NationalPancakeDay sure puts a wrench in my no super processed foods #Lent fast.
it was so cool and really wierd. Thai House XPress in SF..haha
Egg whites, no fat cheese, Irish oatmeal and a banana...what a great way to start your day...YUMMY!
How to do the ending you suggested for the dual reality coins just popped into my head. Thanks for the idea!
#TEAM134 ENOUGH SAID
JOIN THE FUCKING CLUB i learned on the 13th
Impromptu drive home, excited to see the fam!
thatz my bro rite there lol i might be a girl but i play exbox and all that and i love playing mw2 :) yeahh buddy
Fricking outrageous I have to fill out a Captcha to unsubscribe from an email list I never signed up for in the first place.
Yo... srsly... what's up w/that Kennedy family curse?
- welcome beautiful
It's hilarious that Denver is gonna win their division
According to Maslow, it would have been shelter and clothing. When your're cold and starving, sex is not a pressing need.
Oh man, we don't wanna make you feel that way. Is there something we can do to help?
“: Let's talk about this "Break The Spell" Tour...I'm super excited about it” Listening to Ghost of Me right now!
Bloomberg tells NY it’s about health and fire safety hazards & safeguarding park for ‘leisure recreation.’ Lame lame lame.
How about Tom Lehman?! RT : #whodoyoulove Friday ... cheering for ya in the British Open this weekend!
shop till you drop Jazmin, ship until you drop.
Mexico was brightest today - when we scored to go up 2-0 I told my wife we needed a third goal...Individual and team brilliance for Mexico
3 New Photos up! Woo!
We are now running a special #photography rate - $50 per hour! Contact us for details soon :)
Thank you so much for your insights today, Melissa, they are VERY helpful and to the point! Gave me a direction - Tanks!!
Special thanks to Tyler Rivenbark for bringing (Silence). Refreshing to see non-traditional structures still being developed.
Cannot contain my excitement about seeing and tomorrow.
It does in our book! ^SZ
oh shit all time low on TV!!!
Set up my apple tv, way better than I anticipated!
I'm sorry you. I would call and sing to you but my throat is swollen and I sound like a dying whale. Lol
Going to visit the medical library at Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center today
what does it take to get a retweet from you?
omg thank u so much im so thankful ur the best hahah and
Always be more concerned about what's going on inside of you, instead of what's going on around you.
feel bad for my Mom sleeping in the room next to him lol ok not that bad!
Also note we have an update in the works that will address status updates. Thanks for the feedback!!
she isn't even here.. This is bs
#FF my penis. Because you know you wanna follow that shit all day long.
Good! Now you just need Darker! I haven't read in 3 days! Tonight I'll have a rendezvous with Mr. Grey 💋
Awww i have on my first shirt i bought of Justin :)
My bad. I forgot where you were way out east. A few beers have already been consumed. Thx for the congrats!
We reconvene on Tuesday. Where in and around NYC would you like to see us play live?
Great to see you guys!
ewww, those are gross.
good shit blake
Happy #St #Patty's day. Celebrate with this #green #emerald #bracelet and take extra 10% off
RTs r my likes RT : LIKE this status if you're planning on buying DEDICATED TO DEADLINES when it comes out on iTunes 11/11/11 :)
The City of SD needs leaders who bring the community together and have vision. Nathan Fletcher is that leader. Nathan Fletcher for Mayor!
Congrats on the PR!
Lmao I Just Remembered That It's April Fool's Day xD
My favorite movie as a kid was Black Stallion so it's nothing against horses but still...Why a "War Horse?" is this how to beat it to death?
Cami managed to bang her head on the fireplace yesterday while I was gone. I'm gone for less than 48 hrs, & SHE GIVES HERSELF A HEAD INJURY.
RT : First County Bank launches new 10-year mortgage: Last year, nearly 17 percent of all refinanced mortgages were w......
happy Birthday pimp!
is at Miami Beach watching a huge fish chase a school if smaller fish. They keep jumping out of the water. Attracting quite a crowd.
remember if I get a job at NBC one day the epic take over and campaign to get Heroes back begins!
I'm glad you have your scale calibrated accurately
This Christmas food is FIRE!
So funky, I need a shower. This. Yes.
My mom just asked me if 'Devil Wears Prada' was a scary movie. I can't.
Wonder if this means the Dancing with the Stars rumor is true?
Hi Sophie! This is Erika from Team ME answering your question. You don't need Facebook to post on the Welcome Video page.
MWP defensive player of the year 2013
Definitely have met some of the best people I've ever met in my life, in college.
Jack boys ova hea wit dey guns n da air
Howard's wound smaller, healing. Hopes to re-start bball activities in 1 wk. Pence MRI on left shoulder today Ken Rosenthal ()
Is O'Keefe really doing a "Scooby Doo routine"? His monsters turn out not to be real--but they aren't crooked developers either
Is Kimmel really funny? My dog Gipper doesn't think so
Ness says he runs alone cause he probably doesn't have very many friends.. Just got awkward
RT : RT "Each moment spent on this bright blue planet is precious so use it carefully." ~ Santosh...
Fuck.... My moms work is boring AF!!
Going shopping this weekend? For every item on your list, have you edited one corresponding piece from your wardrobe?
"O misshapen chaos of unseeming forms..."
Hang in there!
Good night my little dolls, may you sleep in pieces, muwahahaha
"we serve the people who need money the most"
@ movies seeing this SciFi flick set in the future called. "lockout" should be a good time, I'm also very very Medicated
ON THE ROAD LISTENING TO on iheartradio Q93.S/O TO U
Sex is my favorite activity with one other person.
#alone <<< that's how I feel right now
Thanks for the FF Massimo! RT :
Yo chooches, are we going to Chima out or what?
Add your social network pages to the promotion site on my page if you need hits. :) Works for all.
Ever think of investing in a film?
gonna get a shower and get dressed and hang out with ma homie!
Just gotta pray
I don't care if it hurts. I want to have control. I want a perfect body. I want a perfect soul. I want you to notice when I'm not around.
On my way, darling
When it seems you've lost it all, keep praying, for the answer will come when GOD thinks the time is right.
using tag #aauw09 on my Flickr photos of AAUW convention, Nann is using the same tag on her new Flickr account, username nbhilyard
Scott said Hugo was the best movie he saw all year.
Tonight had a Six Point Bengali Tiger & Virtue RedStreak Cider. Begali, pretty good beer RedStreak - can I invest in this company. Its redic
hope those punches landed on her face
Fisheries biologist to talk about low head dam removal, fishing: MONTEVIDEO — Fisheries biologist Chris Domeier of the Minnesota Depa...
Yesturday, at the school festival = so much fun w/ my bbys , Rodney, James & Alphonse <3
Forget stockpiling for the apocalypse - I've discovered Veranda courtesy of !
yup.. Oh well lol.
Only one more win to move on, boys. Let's go Yo!
I don't want no one other than you.
Thank you Honey!
nope, was at Signature Theatre in Shirlington seeing the Xanadu live stage musical - I loved it and HIGHLY recommend it
Greetings and happy Thanksgiving! I'd like to ask a simple question - Is there one thing that happened this year that you are GRATEFUL for?…
If he has a girlfriend BACK THE FUCK UP! Damn..
oh lord.. tell me about it. -_- it #pissesmeoff I just wanna throw mine against the wall & get the iPhone <3 #goodplan ((;
Irving Berlin's "White Christmas" has been an American favorite for years. What is your favorite Irving Berlin song?
Another god-alien wants to test humankind by pitting me in mortal combat against someone. Sigh.
Alpha K9 U Opening Mid-December! The Launch Party announcements coming soon! Stop by and visit the first of it's kind K9 Facility!
RT : just called me. I must get season tickets. Can't wait until October. AH.
What difference a day makes: Defiance over oppressive taxing sparks revolution, birth of free nation. Heroes. Same beliefs today? Demonized!
All done. Don't fuck with me.
Yes, – which oversees 70+ funds at – knows when a donor designates a gift to more than one area. (1/2)
Just voted my alloted 7x :) RT It's Monday; you know the drill. Please vote. :) 800-868-3405
absolutely done grading for the night...tomorrow its an all day thing...get those papers in by midnight folks...no excuses
No really, this guy is such a good actor that you forget it's him when he plays the parts. I think that's a rare talent.
Slice of the Week: Bay View "The Bangkok Buffalo" Sriracha seasoned chicken breast, Curry, and Fresh Basil.
Some people just need a really good ass whoopin to get their shit straight.
I Love waking up in Vegas. Stay creative and work at your dreams!
Hi Paige, thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, who knows maybe we can even work together???
You went to Rock on 3rd! You brought the bro-dom upon yourself!
thanks Tyson!! Happy New Year!!
i freakinn. Know! :/
My family to expensive
RT: Wisconsin? >> is one great place for
aww laf you too Biancaaa <3 but everyone ignores me and I hate it! -.-
Free social network promotion at the url on my profile. Works great. Would you like to follow 4 follow?
I always do! One of my favorite spots!
Stovall was fun
(AP) -- San Diego Gas & Electric says it won't pay claims filed over last fall's power outage
Never doubt just perform to the best of your ability and help will follow or be a contact away.
"You are the beauty in the dark..."
will do!
HTML5 microdata pretty cool and easy to grasp semantic markup that search engines digest
Same to you ES
#Inspiration4theWay “I pray because I cant help myself..because Im helpless....It doesnt change God- it changes me.- C.S. Lewis
Care free livin
Finished a song today:) its sexy!
4 adults, 4 kids...should be fun though. Went over the layout, plenty of room...kids are all small.
Lmao he's slow. Imma get Jacosha on you!
saddest part is even if it as successful as the city hope it will still cost city tax payers $500K
Warm weather leads to jump in fishing licenses
Hahaha, I'm doing the same thing (minus spa + pho cyclo)
2days in a row i come outside to allow the sun's rays to work on my flu only to look up & c a buzzard circling ovr me. that's just wrong!
Same security company didn't like that I was taking pictures of my own house...
Busy preparing for the St. Stephen's Community House diaper drop off and photo shoot. It will be fun trying to put 3000 diaper's in my car.
havin fun with me fam ganna get ready to go swimming :) !!!
When I cant do something, I get really frustrated, and just give up & I end up crying & thinking im stupid. Anyone else do this?
I was getting sentimental because I was missing the boys, and then this guy got on the plane balancing two car seats and I was fine. Ah..
I do love a productive day! I'm walking on sunshine right now. And I've got such a busy week this week. Plans every night.
Shooting range
“: So I'm locked out of my iPad... now what!” how does that even happen??
“ The more I spend time with you, the more I realize I am doing the one thing I told myself I would never do again...”
In the #InfoCamp session where reveals his identity!
Once we have a direct experience of the inner Light & Sound, we realize that we are not the body but are soul. - Sant Rajinder Singh
"I'm not on reddit for the memes, but they're certainly entertaining". Via Anonymous LA friend.
I know right hahaha suckers we got out of school :)
I am so confused.
So sorry to hear about Donna Summer. I love her music.
Yes, it does.
I was just thinking the same thing! It was great to see the outside world
The English actors in Ip Man 2 make me think, "I want to fight 10 men!"
I've never seen a team get so many quality chances to score and not be able to get at least one goal.
Hi-larious metaphor - the organization as its own nation. Boy, does that resonate w/me!
please please please please talk to !!!!!!
Seeing the #Clippers vs the #Lakers in the Western Conference semifinals would be epic.
Lookaback and Thank God. Look forward and Trust God. Look around and serve God. Look within and find God # Have A Bless Day
RT Thanks Yes. I'm the big 5 -Oh please, can we not mention it anymore? Who cares about the years, besides you only look 34 ;)
Wow. Sounds very Christian!
to merge or not to merge this is the question
Wants to talk to em....
Good job Pack....way to hold em!
LitFuse - Just updated my Twitter page.
no dats ok...im half hispanic...my moms from dominican republic...and my dads from here...
AAARRRGGGGHHHH!!! Does anyone know how to get the tap/tempo on the Roland SPd-s to work!!! POOF!!!!!!
Thanks Skyler! Happy #FF to you!! :
oh I will. I have to met the governor of Virginia on Wednesday as the school mascot and will definitely be teaching him.
In Japan, if you break a law you are ostracized form community and family life. You are dead to society.
Finally got the #Gingerbread update on my #G2 this morning. Thanks, !
Learning from : social media customer service is different than community - manage them accordingly.
RT : In EIGHT DAYS, TX will turn down millions in fed funding and take away repro health care for 130K Texans. To punish
i thought that bats were nocternal
The Band Perry!
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches. - Alice Roosevelt Longworth
It was ugly for awhile - Kansas had their shot. Bad last 2 minutes of basketball from them, but Kentucky defense had no holes
Carey Albertine, "In This Together": dueling conclusions at #kidscreen #ikids - must have established brand vs. no gatekeeper to great ideas
oh, you know...just some early morning push-ups in the office.
Shop is open for a usual Tuesday. 4-7pm. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door. Thanks to everyone that came out for 4.14 MKE Day. Huge Success!
Alfredsson returns & Silfverberg arrives. What a night! Come on, Ottawa!
; I haven't been to twitter in forever long, like a damn year or something. Hope I don't ever go back lol
Thanks again for supporting the Scot Rite event. Let's have lunch soon!
True friends won't laugh at you for something you think they'd actually laught at.
Can't wait to see tomorrow!
At the movies watching Contraband!
#anthonyhamilton Point of it All just came on my Pandora station for ! guess Jesus' love is the point of it all :-)
Tomorrow is the first big day , right?
Black Label neat or with Sprite?
Worst starts of the year by Brewers pitching that I can remember- ever!
lmao not bald fish bitch !!! Lol
If you get a chance check out the new time line version of our Desert BMW of Henderson "Like" page on Facebook.
Nice view!
Yes brother?
Q 2: #IntDesignerChat If asked to design an outdoor barbeque area, give us some helpful design tips and trends in outdoor area living today.
Goddammit, well played Rose, as always.
You know u tired when you doze off for like 1 second and realize u just drooled
!! RT : Major sticking point will be the budget. Democrats want to spend extra money, Republicans want to save it.
What's the truth???? What is displayed as the truth could very not be the case in certain instances
I have the same issue, really sucks!
cowgirls never had a window to much hype for the unamerican team
hey can u plz follow me it would mean alot
So... I have 4 tickets to the American Idol Finale on May 22nd. Problem... I won't be in Los Angeles to go!
Totally missing the sunglasses in my profile picture!
Wait...I've heard of it but I can't remember what it is?!
my #Autistic son nothing but my #adhd son took different like focalin n depakot. Im not sure of the spelling.
no are you?
Cool Motorbikes images pty ltd :)
Tilda Swinton is the greatest actress alive. But I think she will go overlooked by that particular establishment again
Yes mama.. See you then “: Dreaming!!!! So u cmg on Sunday”
I unfollowed you cause you were tweeting about the thunder who I can't stand? lmao.
Have you seen yet? They are doing amazing work already!!! new show up opening the 22nd!
Women should keep condoms on them to !!
Norfolk St is about to blow my bracket all the way up
If you need a pair of pants, I've have an extra pair of 's you can borrow.
Rip Trayvon Martin
Would u consider writing about EFL textbooks an the attrocities ?
your such a buttmuncher. Yeah i just called u the 'b' word. deal with it.
you know what's funny.... has been running for prez for almost 8 years and he *just* defeated Rick Santorum.
Talking about my Spain trip to co-workers. One said: "Anyone who thinks New York is the city that never sleeps has never seen Madrid".
Bout to just read a book. Toodles
Should I be proud or embarrassed that I knew where this came from?
Just following up on this. Thanks for your help! :)
Somebody please come to my rescue (& don't forget to pick up a bottle of red wine beforehand)
Just learned what a retweet is.
lil waynes how to love is better
Hey, thanks for the #FF! I trust NYC is treating you well?
I forgot but yesterday when I was outside I saw a guy flying a Nazi kite, really wtf dude?
Hey where are you? We are tweeting and need #twexperts... Need #retweet assistance.
If you'll put your worries in God's hands, He'll put His Peace in your heart!
Annoyed AF, I'm gonna punch this girl
hahahahahaha. By the way, I'll be in NYC week of the 21st. We should kack it.
Never make the same mistake twice or you'll never get around to all of them. -Unknown Author
Rickie Weeks is hitting .164! I'm sorry, but that's just not acceptable. When does RR put him on the bench?
I loved it! 
So true. RT It's a venti kind of morning! will shake is head in disappointment! (@ Starbucks)
I'm do glad you saw it. I'm friends with too many students to tweet it. Oprah on a jet ski with Jesus in space.
How bout them #PACERS!
luv that Floral and Hardy!
Reference task of the day: creating a list of restaurant suggestions for my roommate. Complete with links to menus & cash vs. credit cards
Thanks for the follow! Much appreciated!
Please follow me,it would means the world (:
It's game week. New season. New avatar for ArodsBelt. Feel free to compliment on my graphic design skills.
he did not call in sick he is there... my east coast sis is watching the show and he is there!!!
Submissions are trickling in...don't be the last one to get yours in! November 1st is FINAL DEADLINE
Say something, if you're feeling the vibe, say something, baby don't be shy.
So... What are you doing New Year's Eve?
Prom is on a boat. #cantwait (x
Love seeing all these tweets about how the "guys at rock!" but if I had to guess, I would say SMG was a smoking hot blonde.
You got my mind all screwed up over here.
thanks, tedi... i suppose you are right about the history books... this will be one of those pivotal moments for good or bad.
S Club, gonna show you how.
By the way POTUS is on
Haven't been on lately, finals next week so next friday I'll be on all day :)
As told by ginger >
Good morning #DLFForum!
Upgrade your #Vegas experience with our penthouse & balcony suites www.bluechipvegas.com
We wont be carrying Manning's jersey but we do carry great clothes that will fit you if you are built like a football player!
Niggas come & go.....I still dgaf
Now my throat hurts :((
yes but why would i need hoes!
Yikes... Sigur Ros tickets going for $125. We'll see as the date gets closer.
Thank you for the RT! Enjoy your weekend:)
you're welcome.
Willie Matis (Willie_Matis) thanks for the follow.
First church service tonight on campus! Come join The River SDSU at 7pm in Cholula Hall!
Full Metal Jackal
Great chat with this morning a/b how karma is the new kurrency.... & the "hipster graphics" in 2.0 :)
RT: we played a drinkin game whenI said drink we drank..ended up on coffee table singin part of ur world saying he was my prin ...
What I said ;)
ahh man this guy!! U said u was gon come down lol.. Where u gona be at this summer? You and
“: You look badass driving that Mustang.”
no im not watching the jennifer aniston marathon on lifetime...............
Race tightening and , starting to follow tweople. They're quite interested in your thoughts BEFORE election.
I wonder if DOLL's HOUSE reordered something so fundamental that we no longer understand just how it was before he wrote it.
Or it's because I haven't seen my winkie in two bloody years! Long enough to declare it clinically dead!
Yay to waking up! I hope my further insights are useful to you as well. :)
Thank you Koko! :)
when you want the next time to be.
How's it going New Jersey?!(:
novels in 140 characters. I like that! Makes you get to the point! Does each character have their own feed though?
Gotcha. And his longtime former partner Mary Sweeney lived around here too, right? That's the connection I heard.
Makin my own synths
you never Tweet me,please make this the day where you Tweet me<3
talked to a manager and a technician should be here in the next 3 hrs...better than the "7am-5pm" window tomorrow.
#MessageToMyHaters I just want you to know, I'm doing so god :)
so how can you help me in that innovative biz launch? I've no exposure of VCs etc. I'm not from USA... How can you help me?
Not a problem my man. I know you will get to it and I appreciate it.
I'm not crazy & I don't act crazy lol
Just found out what SheWee's are......
Just got done reading your book loved it. Your show is what got me in to the paranormal
you too
ABC have crossed the line. Their sensationalism has compromised justice and divided a nation. For what? Ratings?
How are you doing on your New Year's resolutions? Consider this your quarterly reminder to get on that!
If someone doesn't appreciate you for who you are, then someone else will.
JESSE ST. FUCKING FLAWLESS JAMES!!!!!!
Thanks very much.
we should be fine as long as I'm not at the game ... I'm the jinx in the family ..
Do you feel pinioned by the amount of homework you have? Quiz & reading chapter 24 for tomorrow. Don't feel remorse due to falling behind!
I'm pretty sure Joe Oliver is not going to receive any family reunion invitations this year.
Haha! Yes! I approve!
yikes, my apologies, I assumed that you were talking about SSL Cert when you mentioned "renew my" and "SSL Cert"..
FOLLOW & they follow back im sure
Welcome, Daryle! #reverb11 RT : Just discovered ! Very excited for the journey -
Pillow forts are also helpful for migraines.
that's cuz your a gangsta. Gangsta's don't need sleep.
right? im a little bit obsessed right now.
addicted to glamour
u know it!!
Tournament time always good for making new contacts! RT : Finally making some guy friends up here in DC
At 6:00 on #7News, the latest on amber alert for 4 month old child. Believed to be with father who's suspect in triple murder.
see you in a bit homies!
Mastered new projects for both Grace Stiles and My Friend Franklin yesterday, along with various singles... today, more mastering on tap.
You can never earn in the outside world more than you earn in your own mind - Anna Williams
im dm ing u the address
Thanks so much for your vote to #PreserveNYC! Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
Jesus heals. Jesus saves. Jesus redeems. Nothing else comes close.
#ihateitwhen peoples tweets are so #fucking annoying
Don’t trust too much. Don’t love too much. Don’t hope too much. Because that too much can hurt you so much. </3 I love E.S
whats at washington park
Feb.14th. Valintines day AMANDA PEREZ live inside electric company Feb.23rd. S.A. THUGS 3 in stores
Keep ya head up, o child things are gonna get easier o child things are gonna get brighter
Maybe i'll get to go home because it's raining #iHope D;
Thanks guys for the follow! Much appreciated! :-)
Life is Divine Chaos. Embrace it. Forgive yourself. Breathe. & Enjoy the ride♥
A Special Good Morning to all the Dancers out there!
close one but we pulled through, rondo with the triple double no surprise there
20 days until Christmas and 27 days until 2012.
Dudes that were so ugly bck in the gap > but cutee now!
Crazy how much a nap can make you feel 10 times better...
Any chance of getting the cranberry porter in cans? Or anywhere on tap in Baltimore/DC?
randomly found it in the UWM Library collection. Score!
And the heat lost,ohh how sweet it is.,However #Yankees u let me down once again.
Maybe I'll catch you all next week!
Hey man, it was great meeting you yesterday. Thanks for your time, and for your advice/feedback on AirPay. I really appreciate it.
Sick today.
Moving out tonight from my dorm, time has definitely flown by
Free parking in Downtown Hollywood!!!
sweet ;D
Hahaa, Tweetinq on my WII!!! Lol xD it feels weird.... O.o
#WhatIMissMost looking in2 them deep brown eyes at the look on your face rite after I cum up 4 air n start 2 penatrate n u push away monein
Woo-hoo! All taxes filed (Fed & TWO states).
RT if you dnt give a fucc. Now go slap a BITCH. (BITCH in this sentence unisex)
Go FOLLOW !! Get him 200k followers!! RT!
good job E!
Love the #bromance going on between and on #theVoice #LovesIt!
where r u then?! Lol
definitely! where's this date gonna take place?
We've been really quiet the last few weeks. Make no mistake though, tomorrow is going to be a big day :)
Honestly, if you say "mum" and you're from America you need to stop.
oh shitttt! Who???!!
Carolyn Campbell of the UK's QAA to speak at CHEA's Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar: www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010_ACIS_Final.asp
My gift for my anniversary was fitting for me, literally: a wonderful Hawaiian shirt.
President Obama got Osama Bin Laden. He was killed by US personnel. Have his body.
It's good I love it... especially since i changed shifts at work and I can go there and just relax
Counting Crows? I'm dusting off my wig collection!
I seriously have a problem. Like I hate talking on the phone. I will avoid any business dealings requiring a phone call
I love that still gets carded for beers at miller park. Oh, and that he got me a ticket to the Founders Suites for tonight's game
..I've seen daffodils and crocus peeking up in yards and landscapes, a sure reminder that the sun has been out and the trees will turn green
just got to interview my favorite Emmy-winning actress. YES!
How they gone help us..lol please bring them back down?
That FML moment when : you hop into bed, get under your covers, then realized you forgot to turn off the light. -___-
Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak and nobody knows why, not even her. And she just can't let go..
U got money to go out every night and party..but u can barely keep gas in ur car and u still aint move out ur moms house yet...
If you don't have my CD, please reach out to my publicist at to get one!
Just got tix to at the Orpheum, excited!
Today was good day! *in my ice cube voice*👍
COTTON CANDY MACHINE IS BOOKED! Come snag some delicious blue spun sugar at Craftin' Carnival! September 11th, 2011!
When I first started to tweet I used to have short conversations with others. Is anyone interested in a little dialogue?
just finished shooting the third 24 hour Artist video blog for #PhillyDrawAThon. Only 4 video blog spots to go.
haven't heard it but just by his singles I can tell.
Congrats to Tim Wakefield for win number 200!
Make Voyages. Attempt them. There's nothing else. -TW
I really want to do $33.33 to win $10k
BEST SHOW EVER!!!!
I asked my 3 year old niece if I could have a piece of candy, and she told me I have to eat first lol
Still searching. Haven't seen any media updates from the search site yet this morning.
Two weeks with no problems!
I can't take all the credit - Laura Abernethy Brock played 4 of the 9. It was fun, though!
Omg ! My best friend Elaine , is gunna join PACE ! :D Yayyyy!
Thank goodness I finshed the project
I thought I'd never have internet again :O haha
RT Foreign Policy Blog: Two twenty-somethings were married in London. It was a very nice ceremony.
Ohh to be young and wild again haha
Dam why is so tight?;)
oh that makes sense then!
I use but the interface is slow, clunky and not integrated well with or HARO. Considering a switch to
GREAT! I! I'll check the book out now!
I tried to mess with the algorithm & type in roles that both tenors/baritones sing; or mezzos/dramatic sopranos. I'm a nerd.
“: Some random village in the middle of Africa will always be confused as to who won Super Bowl ? at least not going to waste
true that haha
Request our Job Help PC for an extended computer session for your resumes, job searches, or online applications. Inquire at the desk!
when will you be performing in Los Angeles? We love you!
Glorious Monday! Don't forget Knick Salon's Blow Out Cancer Event on 10-19 4-9pm. Donate $25 receive massage, makeup, pink champagne & more!
Can't believe 2011 is coming to an end! Describe your year to us in just a few words. Ours was AWESOME!
IRISH-FEST in Milwaukee!! If I don't see you at the shows(Sat at noon, Sun 11:30), I'll see y'all Monday. Gaelic Storm tonight!
how's he a bitch?
I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them. John Stuart Mills
First tweet. On the train heading to Eric's (Eric and Kathy Show on WTMX) with Mary.
I hope the snow doesn't keep you midwest bound. I should have made fake credentials too for tomorrow.Of course I think of it NOW!
Um...is this a conversation or an interview?
Don't act surprised!
miss u too come see me
so what's the deal between you and Sean? Are you guys friends?
Your profile is a gorgeous pic of YOU!!!!
haha trust me i know! I trust you(:
I wish I lived in Texas.
SO TRUE LOL I G2G WHEN WILL U BE BACK ON
the faster you learn it, the better:)
yes, I know, I 'live' it too(:
I thought so but didn't kno your name... What is it?
Freelance vs. Commercial photographer? What's the difference? Sometimes nothing at all. One and the same. Other times it is substantial!
I'm going to undercut to get a full line up to say I'm making moves. NOT! Some dudes are in it for the fame it's pathetic.
#wordsfromthewise RT : What's the point of spending the night if u aint gon fuck?
strong side
Greg Surrat was just announced as the next leader of the ARC organization.
Just perfected my Mike Ness vocal impersonation. #hireme for your next party!
aye just saying lmao not Asia kirk either someone else aha
I wanna get inked
lmao well little fun fact for ya, the brewers actually have never won a world series.
"It's gonna be a long hot summer, we should be together"
Hey seth, I need some followers. Hope you can be one of them - a fan :)
Happy Birthday Live it Up baby!!!
Got a job interview this morning. You fuckers wish me luck.
ask "him" to hang this weekend so you can be alone again and figure it out.
That's good! It sounds cute!
Hennepin CC is in lockdown after 3 people were killed near campus. Thinking of students and colleagues in the MNSCU system.
They were investigating some steam leak and got suspicious of Spec. Someone was outside & told them not to come in & they busted in
ok now I forgive you for all those airline tweets when we got Bin Laden! Great point on Miami fans.
Text SAVE to 80888 to donate $10 to #Duchenne research.
Great connect! Thanks for walking with us.
Well hopefully you will like this one
Amazing day with author Candace Fleming at North Elementary today! Kids loved learning learning about her writing secrets and tools!
Performance Bike has a LG rocket helmet for 80 percent off
Ultimate Warrior Theme as walk up music? lol
A charitable trust can be either a living trust or a testamentary trust.
don't wana say i couldn't wouldn't wanna say I wouldn't....
I miss you:/
#WaysToImpressMe be honest and confident.
How you do one thing in life, is how you do everything in life...
When I'm asked if I want a copy of my receipt I say "Of course!", then stare the cashier down as I eat it.
I'm in luv wit dat pussy yeah
