I wasn't there.. Remember I left. Them came back
Tell me why I didnt notice all these tweets!!
keep it real with Jeff....russell you will gain more at the end...keep smiling russell....
hahaha you need to come over to watch mr deeds logan. i miss you):
...or that those design books are so darn expensive that borrowing from library makes more sense. Again,just askin
Love is the poetry of the senses.
Exams done!
#FF put us in yours and we'll do the same!
“: I was trying to stop you, you weren't taking no for an answer..” but thanks for locking me in a room xD
You'll have super vision by day 10
The past week feels like ive been living in london...
aww, thanks! So glad to help a good cause. can't wait to see the movie! (love the music!)
...maybe a general model of information-sharing on internet? at least for some. (tho much much much much faster...& minus the "laboriously")
Lombardi gave the Jags a B, because he loved the punter pick. I think that says it all.
copy copy paste is trending?! wtf?!
Brrr it's cold out today, good day for relaxing #facial anyone?
make it count.
should of stayed this weekend so he could see what cornyval is all about :)
After a full marathon, you only have the energy to eat one!
NMSM pays for referrals. Friends or family thinking about satellite TV? Get me together with them. This can be a win/win/WIN introduction!
lol now that's really cool.. u took the time out to follow me & I wouldn't lead you wrong
rumsfeld! rumsfeld! 6 tweets in a day, personal record? what's the coffee intake?
much love :)
Wat an amazing night it was.innovators were good in garland tonight,flaviam u great bro.
Today is the 293rd birthday of John Montagu, otherwise known as the 4th Earl of #Sandwich! Any favorite fillings?!
I thought a relationship was based on compromise...i guess not.
iwould ... but you dont text me anymore .
I'm finna wear leggings tomorrow.
RT : You know that red blob pouring over Austin right now? Rode 3 miles in it w/ Hit every every single puddle!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Body-Piercing Barbie ...comes with mini-piercing gun and mini-body ornaments
i hate it when you're walking in front of someone and they just stop right in infront of you.
my boo there
Weaponry or adult beverages?
you learn something new everyday babe
That makes sense. Didn't even think of that. I wonder how bad it will be when the Patriots are on the clock. lol.
Thank you! We'll see you soon!
Block, punt, pass or tackle social media? You have to do one of them.
do your hair that day too, cmaaaan
going to go walking today :)))
have a good day too
Hope the #Brewers are ready to pick up some W's against the Astros this week. Tough home stand so far.
is an alternate solution to #BaldBarbie. 100% of purchase price helps #kidswithcancer travel for treatment.
you caught the train - I'm impressed :)
Its not all its cracked up to be...
Continue with the research.
RT : don't worry there's other fish in the sea.
On to the next one! Facebook growth with
Its blank
and what is #365Project ?
Adele was fantastic!
oh yeah it is mexican day!!! I forgot about that!!!! :)
Wishing all BPO #ELKS hoopshooters good luck in Springfield MA at national free-throw competition
"You can't do a resume in one hour." At CML, patrons can use job center computers for two hours.
Great crowd and great energy for game tonight! Love an excuse to give away free drinks and shots!
omg I didn't tell you?!
LOVE the video. Y'all are a MESS! RT'ing now.
Please help me find Molly!
Mac Miller isnt hot. He just makes good music.
We'll be there! RT R standing/storming together. On #March23 tweet what #ACA means 2 U @
We have just released full stream of "Long Island's Dead". CHECK IT OUT NOW!
I think the other 6 days of the week are reserved for him ;)
well thats good to know! thanks for letting me know real talk!
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. - Aesop
the last time you tweeted me was...nevermind,you never noticed me btw. :)(
Good morning! Did you have a good weekend?
Yes, and for all three days. What about you?
so you see you didn't actually send me the link to that post.
What the hell? R u serious yes im glad too lol!
“: KD's dunk was unreal, nice inside foot rip through!” Rip through, ONE dribble top of the key to the rack!! Great move!
Looked like Charlie V went for Hollins' nuts.
those uni's are nice, I'll definately be contributing to the blackout.
you're so right. I get frustrated when I see adults that forget what it was like to be so little.
Also contact the Mayor's Office of Reintegration Services for Ex-Offenders at 215-683-3370. Great place to start.
@ Firm Solutions Unlimited we partner with firms to provide outsourcing solutions that improve productivity,efficiency and quality.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Oral-B Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
: #grateful for --> Fru-itiongirl. USmashed up my day w/a big smile. thank u Catherine! God rain some reign on you today!
I like twat and titties too...maybe we can make a group thing of it!
Set the kind of goals that will make something of you to achieve them. - Jim Rohn. F#%$ yah!
Hey, the #Caps still have a chance in my early edition.
I did eat another one. And did the chubby kid giggle all the while!
Can't wait till #TeenWolf!
A quick shout out to my honey boo boo feel better!
I'm glad you enjoyed it.And nice to meet you!
lmao that's right √
The BaltimoreGP may work out with JP Grant at the helm; if it doesn't they'll cut him off from lucrative city contracts.
Thank you so much for the Yin and ayurvedic yoga sessions on
What does everyone think of the new iPad?
I know it's a bit early in the day to think about beers, wait its never to early to think about beers! It's Monday $3Beer 50¢Wings ALL DAY!
'We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.' - Carlos Castandeda
Haha it's just the way my work schedule worked out this week.
How, exactly, should you pay a contractor to work on your home? What is reasonable for a deposit to get started and subsequent payments?
Night everyone
was that an orange twist I saw in your pic?!
" Damn Eddie Murphy died "
just got in a taxi that she hoped was the Cash Cab (it wasn't) and is on her way to her fav NY Mexican restaurant. :)
Tweet me what you tell about.
That's a good plan, too. You could also consider the team that the pride of Flin Flon called home: Bobby Clarke.
Poised Creation has met many great people in Dallas! We would like to thank you for your kindness!
Getting up for that AP test tomorrow is gonna be awful..
VCU! Looking for another deep NCAA run!
it really did, though!
no. I don't have a car and I see firsthand how Zipcars are treated. If I had one, I wouldn't want others treating it like a rental
Pinterest tends to flush out all the manics among us.
Good luck with your move! Every time I've moved, I always feel like I've been hit my a train afterwards! Even using movers!
this is a good pod but it's not necessarily big enough. Check it out. The place "Shut Up and Eat" provided them and they rock
“: retweet if you want me to call Justin now :P TheWorld♥Biebs” I do ! (: I want him to follow me too ! Along with u ! Please.
Got a "man-crush" do ya?!?! LOL I can totally see why!! He is a #hottie!
Honestly can't get enough of watching the #BOFRIENDVIDEO !!!
I want to dance in an empty street along to I'll be Seeing You with someone. <3
That would be nice! It's like the new "You're Fired"
Chillin at home.
I love the NC2A FB podcast- can you recommend an NC2A BB podcast (similar to your FB podcast)?
Can my Chargers get a road win... hopefully cuz it's time to fire up.
Haha that cute STRAIGHT guy at warped was digging on you ;D
You are too I'm sure. Was it a contest or something, or does his Dad have great library connections ;)
Pasties as "support">#Heat supporting cast RT : #ILikeWhatYouDidThere RT : outkast>heat's supporting cast
Leave me alone.
“: Repeating and surprised when you get the same results #youdumbashell” actually, thats the definition of psychotic hahaha
Just woke up.
Me:*burps in Adam's face* Adam:"I never wanted a sister. You know that right?" Lolololol!!!!!
We could have fallen in love... <3
What is the best audio software for EVPS?
Demo tape or it didn't happen.
I feel like a bitch!
Even when things are hard... Someone has it harder and there is a reason for it all
Just finished homework and now im a lil tired -_-
Headline of the day, from The Oregonian: "Beavers enjoy taking their licks." Was the desk asleep? Or was it on purpose?
I wanna lay down for two minutes and that turns into two hours.
I feel like this was a poor goal in light of how awful my OCD is--especially in regards to my attachment to numbers. Ugh.
RT : having big /klout score actually meaningless unless u know what community u have influence in
S/ to my president an next baby daddy for giving n xtra$100 on my food stamp so now that's mo $$$
Is it me or is the Facebook app for iPhone getting worse and worse every time it launches? Why can't Facebook make an app that works?
Im now begging for #HarbaughBowl 2
J5Muzik of course
It's been quite a week! 5 gigs, 5 rehearsals, got to hang around with Herbie Hancock, Benny Golson, Danny Glover, Buster Williams,...
Thanks, Randy--"The Landing" is a wonderful poem. Also, mine recounts one experience while cataloguing Merrill's books.
If your heart ain't into it, let them find another
: Darien PL now locks only iTunes & app stores. Other functionalities open based on parent requests. Flexibility!
'Yeah, whatever dude. I don't give a fuck. Its Wednesday!' -
My mom is amazing happy mothers day mom:) I love you.
your shits dope too. If you come to cali we should def play a show!
This is a crazy situation!
Well the lakers lost this game and most likely the series.. Hey at least we made the second round -shrugs-
re: TLR's future: I don't think business is the right call 4 a guy who waits until 2 outs/2 strikes/bottom 9 to get a job done.
RT : ".. celebrates the fearless impulse that compels every great artist to create & inspire us to think."...
I finally bit the bullet and bought those expensive, space saving hangers. I see closet cleaning in my future!!
Packing for my much needed getaway.
Final segment of the week on the show. show coming up in about 10 minutes.
we sure do it is Facebook.com/samscafeoldsac
Pre Calculus » Inverse Functions on Graphers
all Beliebers follow Me I Love Justin and believe support and encourage him till the end Please follow Me show me Love !!
i would be the muppet that does something to fix the world for future generations. #peace www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
Watch The Daily SCene today at 10:30am on Ch. 8.1 and TrojanVision! Last show!
- Hi Andy - We should be live in mid to late January.
Had a good BBQ and pool party this evening. Now it's time for TV shows!
I'm sorry I'm not perfect
nothing much, just chillin at my house. You?
Night= Ruined.
It is that time again - CNN reveals magic election maps on TV and online. We love their use of infographics to drive interest and...
Yeah! You were in a bad mood or something & I said if you need anything I'm here for yah bro! & you said thanks man!
I just saw a game to brainstorm games, tweeted it today, can't find my bookmark ugh
Cleaning the house. We have a huge surprise gift for her in her room. She is going to be so happy when she gets home from work tonight!
Milwaukee, get your clapping skills together, please. Thank you.
This weird alien movie is on TV.
50% OFF all ORANGE TAGGED Media for the month of April! Come on in!!!
Babylon 5 removed from Netflix instant. Major boo! What modern-classic sci-fi do I catch up on now!? I already watched Earth 2 & Seaquest.
Im salty she going to sleep on me
offers a Pynchon Inherent Vice-inspired set, the Roseanne Simeone poetry minute and twisted nerves on Radio Freedonia from 2-4 PM @ wtju.net
really wut the hell is wrong with guys im given u all the signs i cant stand it im bout to scream in ur face I LOVE U cant u c that
"tenure"!! Good Choice. You go to U of Miami?
Just 30 more minutes and off for 2 days !! Y e s !
Beige and taupe, beige and taupe.
Finally made it. #Catlanta in in you. Walking into the dome now!
happy Friday girly....
What I would give to have my 16 year old hair again.
Casting: Female Pugnacious 21 yr old bomb shell for a series email your headshot and resume to . Must be a good actress.
the baby burrito was gluttonous glory at its finest
Live streaming Libya revolt while researching American fashion design
well sure I will!
Yeah white wrote meaning books refer to Blacks as Ni**a/Ni**er. World book dictionary says
"Shelter" by Ray LaMontagne
got a strange look when I called gigabytes "gigabiscuits"
Let freedom ring.
My hubby doesn't want me watching live because he's on his way home and wants to watch 'together' ugh!!!
I really want the #no strings attached DVD
It's been 11 months since my last race. Guess who is getting a little excited for tomorrow? That's right. THIS GUY!!!
do you know if anyone in Chicago is looking for people to join there crew??
so you still have to come have a beer in Pipers! :)
Models seem to be in agreement w/each other this mornin for some sort of rain to snow transition on Sun! Timing is crucial for accumulation
hey I saw this YouTube video of u and I Love the way u talk omg!
THAT SOUNDS TERRIFYING! RT: Oh how I want to shoot you guys when I'm back in Chicago in March :)
Almost crashed my car. RT I want to be the first president with a cat or maybe just fall in love before I die.
Hey Hey, look at me!!
Double-digit scorers who get >10% of FGA blocked: G Wallace, Teague, Lawson, Cousins, T Allen, + K Humphries, who gets 15% of FGA blkd.
This is all happening too fast.
Omg! It's the hilarious Vrajesh! :D
I'll buy you some beer!! Haha
I thought you were suppose to forward to our cell phones when you went down , that is what sales told us ,
NaLee CHECK IT OUT mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold NaLee2010.com
wow where is this
So To insure good health , eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness and most important is to maintain an...
To my followers: I have apparently hit a Twitter following limit. I will follow you back as soon as Twitter says I am a good boy.
Don't forget to hug your pet today!!
Happy 100th to Fenway and its great fans,players and memories
I talk my shit and back it up
saturday morning with hill
5 Hours till tip off!
2day i met a really crazy nana she saw me wearing justin bieber's shirt she wasyelling and crying i swear to god she told mei'm a belieber
I really like that user-approach “: our role is to inspire people to achieve: we care that they WANT to do something. #iplan”
Honestly school is pointless after the month of April. We don't do shit!
Jazz Vocalist/Songwriter Lisa McGlown Teams up with Music Legend Candi Staton on Beracah Records, Inc. to Release Jazz Single, “Tenderly”
well like I said not yet
Not completely true. Many people don't know the truth of what company does do the best talent may not apply.
2012 Chicken Run Rescue Photo Calendars on sale, $25 each. Email with "2012 Calendar" in subject line to order.
Every Dollar I Spend I Get Two More ..
Applebee’s = Fancy Denny’s
thanks for the mention, Laurie
WE WILL BE CLOSED EASTER SUNDAY . . . so do your weekend shopping early!
wow, thanks... So what did you do to resolve this problem?
Monty Burns
ITS A DONE DEAL
Is there any place in SoCal to get real croissants?
Delicious LifeStyled is a terrifice online magazine with tips on living a yummy life! Delicious LifeStyled- creating a mood with paint
I honestly don't know how I'm going to go the rest of spring quarter with no Internet or cable. This is torture right now!
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON ME YOU'RE ALREADY A VOICE INSIDE MY HEAD
We hope you enjoyed the performance!
lol well, right. So why pay extra and wait so much longer?
agreed, Saints in NO gonna b tuff as hell regardless who's coachin
Thanks again for the interview! Let me know what you think.
Bout to go make some money
Maybe with ask the WRs getting hurt, SF may use Gore!
Preparing to interview Seun Kuti, live from Nigeria. Hopefully this is smoother than when I chatted w/ Toots Hibbert via cell from Jamaica.
you both are too kind. Thanks.
I'm horrible at finding you twitter folks on G+.. real names.. diff avatars.. so find ME on Google+ :) search for or :)
i cant afford 500$ shoes :/ :l
HELL YEA
Garnett on fire. Old ass
Hope to see you fort plains fans at west canada on thurs. Its gonna be nutso!
Please ignore spam messages from me, my Twitter account has a virus. Sorry!
not really ma dude lol
here we go! #extreme rules!
Follow my uncle
more devastated than losing the league to your city rivals on goal difference in stoppage time?
Had a fun night with friends. Not gonna let something get me down
Work work work #bleh 😞
Hooray! Love you too!!!
Trying to decide whether to keep debating ag fans on twitter or take away that candy my baby is eating.
Often I feel that I should be doing some other tasks than the one I'm doing. What's up with that? One thing at a time!
Thinkin of a master plan
Jake & the Neverland Pirates drew a hidden treasure map and "hid" the treasure for the best Mum ever to try to find!
recycling all my old notes and junk >>>>>
Shit. I can't work on those Gratitude Crystals until I finish Super Mario 3D Land
BOL ' jus seen a man blowing his speakers listening to " Asking All Them Questions " Lol !
sign him to he Blazers!
ahaha that sucks! I have a science project & were supposed to draw && I suck at drawing so I'm just not gonna do it cx
Need to get Filemaker Data normalized against itself this week. Then next week we will begin to compare FM data against SQL data. What Fun
So he says he is going to make me millions!
Prof. Dan Wallace made "1st Cen Mark" claim while debating Bart Ehrman at UNC earlier this month. Will send link in few min.
Felice Brothers (S.T.), Jim Waive & the Young Divorcees (Strike a Match), Man Man (Rabbit Hats), Horse Feathers (Horse With No Home)
Hello new followers!
“: where was this visit at in Knoxville?” I heard it was at UT
a bikini calendar consisting of female astronauts
Good morning to you all ;D
Carmelo and JR Smith have taken over half the Knicks' shots in the series and have shot 38%. Tough to win that way.
thats actually really racist. but thanks anyway
Great book for understanding what tactics get used to "sell" us every day.
S/b "sometimes the electricity works--bring flashlights" RT : Connecticut's new tourism slogan is "Still Revolutionary." Thoughts?
Oh, Jenna talks!
my life would be over. I had all of my textbooks on kindle this semester!! Love, love, love.
lmaoo yes . It's jut starring at me .
I appreciate every single one of my followers! Yal make my day exciting! :) thanks!!
Just got thru pressin my hair.... LORD.!!!!! That took way longer than it should have but atleast its lookin rite now :) lmao
thanks you 4 your business! We love our customers!
you are awesome!
RT : We don't want 1 billion dollars. We want to help raise 1 billion dollars for researchers and scientists. It's that simple.
follow me!
No THAT'S funny!
still trying to figure that out lol
Be blessed ppl bout to hoop these niggas out like zbo lol
Having my ear talked off.
Looking forward to seeing the Team in Reno!
Attacking a players family is 100% uncalled for. Attacking a player over the computer just makes them morons. lol
They're gonna jack the price of oil/gas....going to fill the truck.
Woke up thinking about the root words leg and lect. Interesting...and I'm drinking water from a Beatles glass.
Cool, I just discovered git checkout --theirs and --ours for fixing merge conflicts.
It seems cool, like pandora, but any song you want, offline access and it syncs your itunes library to your phone wirelessly
I'm not a YS librarian & I don't have kids. I have no idea what 3 year olds like.
Been thinking about that psychopathic kid profiled in the NYT yesterday. It's like watching a bomb to see if it'll blow.
Wichita State made it look really hard.
Haven't tweeted in a while. Still writing, just sold a script. Am playing piano at The Other Side in Silverlake tonight.
About to fill out my first job application. (:
son Zach and his buddy Eva had fun precinct walking with their moms today!
Spotted at sleepaway #visitingday: Jr counselors reading "Too Big To Fail" for fun. Guess there really is a post-Harry Potter vacuum.
HAPPY 18TH BRITHDAY JUSTIN DREW BIEBER I LOVE YOU SOME MUCH REMBERING 18 YEARS AGO SOMETHING CAME TO BE.<3
what up
I'm thinking a vacation for one is in order.
Estimator: "Anyone know what FRB stands for?" Me: "Fucking rat bastard?"
have you shoot any docs?
Floyd he Is a beast
Of course! I love it:) Thanks for the shout out! Have a great day!
where u at punk?
Also, wrote a short article regarding fellow human beings. Most articles are or will be available online. Keywords: Roman Piso, Piso Christ.
We pick a winner from each! And we're glad that you're as excited for the season as we are...see you in May!!
Odd how I'm still upset by the one ugly patron when 15 others had a great time and were appreciative
- we have lots of exciting new deals. If you want to message me your email, I'll send you some details later.
jonathon joseph didn't deserve it
Hahahahahaha RT : So in love it's not funny .......
watching to see how everything plays out
I know, lol
Doing wonderful! And how bout u?
I would expect nothing less. Also, looks amazing - good luck!
who them hoes??
All I Needed by its old but i still love it to death. <3
Smoking without me<<<
I had two slices of 99 cent pizza and a can of coke on Saint Marks. I hate classic coke in white cans.
rocking out to some of your new mixes from
u tweet too much son
in session: Emotional Intelligence. What does tweeting say about emotional awareness?
Thanks for the Tweet and the follow.
agree, double edged sword.
teaching with choreography: it works cuz some students can really dance! For lang class is v repetitive, but so is dance so it works
we're releasing a new song soon. Don't worry, it'll be free :)
Nobody's perfect..
Merry Christmas everyone ... headed to the STAPLES Center with and plan on seeing later on at the game.
30 minutes left to vote, people. If you haven't - do it!
So my highlights kinda turned out between burgundy and purple. Oh well, I've always wanted burgundy or purple streaks in my hair.
I have candy
Awesome art apprenticeship opportunity for young people 16 - 22 at the Honolulu Academy of the Arts. deadline is August 18th, so get the...
RT : Warminster: Train #407 has been canceled due to manpower issues. >Translation: the crew didn't show up today.
Gonna get ready , and go see my Daddy (: He's outta ICU now !! He's back on the eighth floor again .
follow before she commits!17
Trying to figure out what to wear tomorrow.
Very excited to see in concert tonight at the Keswick. I know it's going to be amazing!!!!
Such a nice night out.
It's won't be happening basically.
RT : "Great minds talk about ideas. Average minds talk about events. Small minds talk about other people" - Eleanor Roosvelt
sometime let me share my daddy's () jame/apple butter with you <3
Okay, that's like 10 minutes from my house.
Jaycee is my hero
#wewontlastif when you reply to my texts, it's always "oh", "cool", and "k"
meet at your place tonight? what time?
Oh, we get Thai so I wasn't even thinking of that. Love their thai pad shrimp, but I get Tofu.
Companies who feel like they have "too much to lose" have already lost.
I'm still giggling when I think about how likes his Mexican food.
bet i know whats up right about now.
yeah, sometimes I wake up & love it and sometimes i wake up and wonder "what was I thinking?!"" :) Sunrise helps perspective
marry me <3
YAY! I tried my hand at iMovie & I really like it. I want to keep that a constant in my videos moving forward :)
Of course!
Thanks for the follow!
r u still good for summer of love?
seriously though what does fish breath smell like
great new avi picture :)
Things are gonna get sloppy at the IFC this weekend, and by things I mean me.
People will forget what u have said & they will forget what u have done but they will never forget the way u made them feel
Hell ya
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. <3
I knew looking in the cafeteria was the wrong place. Im hanging in the lib from now one. #Helpfulhint. Thanks
I mean, when Faried and Shumpert get a vote, it's odd. No way around that.
Dear #Canucks, could we please not take this game into overtime again? The east coasters can't stay awake that long! Win early!
knew that would be the deal sealer!
I'm jailed. In the baseball offseason.
baha of course it did ;)
hey it's one of my favorite people in spokane
haaahahaha whoa I don't think anyone is supposed to admit that... Ever.
kicks off his presentation at City Uni London
Tech patents are a strange creature, as an attorney I see the reason and usefulness, as programmer I know they are more akin to copyright
Cheat Day Failure: A million cookies plus alcohol equals PATRIOTS LOSE. My stomach is a patriot. It too has a
can u follow me back please : ) if u do i wont stop listenin to yuh music well i do it evryday so yea thnx again #COD <3
Ahahaha (: Can't, phone's dead.
Reception w\ Minister of #Arts&Culture from #South Africa in 30 mins.Carnegie Build, .Join us!
Subcultural theories look at a rejection of middle class goals/values and prioritization of other values such as toughness.
Oh my God the crazy fucking rebate lady that screamed at me for 20 minutes just came in. God save me.
RT : The problem with git jokes is everyone has their own version.
I'm expecting to be on Twitter tmw during 4th period.
call me now
Thanks for the follow, Jim! 87 marathons, I got tired just reading that... Good luck w/ the book!
Get one project done just in time to start two more! Bye bye freetime... Hopefully we will meet again.
you were one of my favorites on baywatch. Im following you on twitter
No, SERIOUSLY, thing I'm trying to write - you are pissing me the hell off! Cut it out!
God has truly blessed me with an amazing life. I am truly thankful.
great u ?
That on the cross, my burden gladly bearing, He bled and died to take away my sin
real MEN eat plants
Thanks to everyone who came out and saw us at Regatta! We hope you enjoyed dunking Andrew and Josh! :-)
School just started & im ready to go homee !. :|
Thanks for following ! If you see something you like please RT (retweet). Have a great day/night #Denver, whatever you do !
I selected that sentence because it's such a big truth (in general)
now That I would like to see!
Zipcar 4 business members don’t forget to ask your employees to follow us & we'll add $5 to your account for each employee!
Cool! tells me I was near earlier today on Market Street.
Just remember who was by your side when everyine else left.
haha so funny stop being a hater he didnt do anything to u
i suck at online pool. I'm about to call it a night
oh shut up...
New in cans, Longboard, full-bodied golden lager perfect for sunbathing on our Mellow roof. Now all we need is sun.
sorry im with amanda, julia and bri
don't expect me to go near you. or to "get any" from me. that just pissed me the fuck off. I'm so annoyed.
The cool part about life is how you don't have to listen to anyone's bullshit. You just do what you personally think is right.
Just gonna say it...these boy bands that are out right now ain't got NOTHIN on n'Sync and backstreet
hell probably be backup see how Peyton performs like u know throwing the football like I'm guessing
Start your new year off right, like my Facebook page: Facebook.com/stacyschuble
He's my best friend but he's also my boy friend<3
Boy: "You're like summer." Girl: "Awww hot?" Boy: "Nope, no class."
well i think we ladies have bigger problems than ryan gosling right now. amitre or amirite?
"Great! Currently at a PTA Leadership Training Convention. Please forgive my tardy reply to your tweet." ~ Solomon
I think you may be correct but I certainly hope not.
#AllAccess For me, in my lifetime, Barry Bonds off of Lee Smith which drove the Pirates to the '91 Division Crown.
thank ya! how's big d treatin you?
what kinda crap is that, don't eat it lol
Go Bonnie's!!!
Don't forget to go vote today! And hopefully you'll vote for Diane Denish to keep the film incentives in NM :)
Show dem broke hoes ya Bankroll 
just got back from put-in-bay we went to the roundhouse,frosty,three swim bars, and the choclate musem sorry for mis spelling
she was yelling "ewwww" so I thought there was like a bug or something but no, it was just my bra. Hahaha
Who else can't wait to see tomorrow night?!
dont settle for a relationship that wont let you be yourself.
my phone is texting me...
54 outs, deadlift Al Newman, and you have to eat a Dodger dog between every inning. That's my final offer.
I believe was trying to force another tweet after you signed off...
Happy #WorldTeachersDay - wish I could go & thank my K-12 teachers who proved to me that reading & learning can definitely be fun!
babee you always got me duh!
#nowplaying good feeling (:
Dios mio RT : lost my keys on cinco de mayo. possibly downtown anchorage possibly knik. HELP ME JESUS
Hah, whoops :) Thanks for the RT, Todd!
Man the #Spurs look like the team to beat in the West!
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
Love is the self-delusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex.
A 2 hour tour of a day care. Seriously.
PMs are as sexy as accountants. LazyPM
Hey Dawn! We just responded to your support ticket. Please advise at your earliest convenience :) Thanks for your time!
didnt know this was soccer -_-
Vegas!! CES! Here we come!
That's a pretty good idea. It's like Special Features and Deleted Scenes on DVD's. But, why limit it to the Kindle?
Off to Idaho!
Tattoo Crew.
im busy.
RT : A lovely day to take a stroll thru da park
RT : Come to #PRIMAL tonight!!! College ID $1 ALL NITE! Ladies FREE all NITE! Shuttles running to Primal all NITE #TeamSelfi ...
we got #themoveslikejagger !
Don't walk into a bakery in a bad neighborhood yelling Ho Ho Ho. You might get offered more then free cookies Just smile that's enough
Just received a coupon in the mail: Buy one sock, get one FREE! While socks last.
approaching Lakeland and Winter Haven..it brings back good memoriies (:
Let me know if you find it!
.....sometimes his barber messes up his linin. Lol
I may not be the best, but I'm definitely not like the rest.
People are dirty. I'm Laying out in my yard it's obvious you're a perv when you turn down my dead end road and then turn around at the end.
Next up Oklahoma's Denise L. Burns reciting "Fishing on the Susquehanna in July" by Billy Collins
not trying to be rude but you've sent this msg to me about 15 times
Even though I know you're no good I want you anyways.
hey looney are you on steroids? You look big
RT if you love Greg Mahoney. ♥
The awards show was off the chain lastnight. Kevin Hart was so hilarious and Kelly Rowland was outstanding. Props 2 Nicki, Drake, & Wayne
Baseball game.
Mix in some "Rainbow in the Dark" and baby, you've got a stew goin'
great service!
I'm extremely bored, Someone should text me(:
Ig she wanna be on sum other shit so Ima let her do her n find me a dwn ass bitch
When I get to the hotel imma lay my ass down my back hurt from this ride.
Cool! This year's open house is April 27-28. See u there!
thank you :)
your girl looks decent.. but the fact that she's with you makes her look desperate
who said we were best friends?cause i sure didnt.and you talk shit on rachel all the time.karmas a bitch . i hope you know that .
It's bad enough that subway plays shitty music, but to have an impromptu sing along by a customer is horrid. her boyfriend remains aloof.
Ok google gps thing once again me vs. U= me. Me, 100 u, 1
; so you DO like & want cock? #TwitterOfficial btw, did you receive the bandanna I threw at you?
if you ever visit me sweetie you will never be the same. Well, you'll never walk the same at the very least. Good 2 have u bk
I'm sure I'll be in the minority here, but I think it's a good thing that will have a week off before playing again.
just went to Northeast to support Congressman Kratovil and has lost a lot of faith in humanity.
's new earrings are making her earlobes itch!
I want some pop tarts!
Who do you think will be crowned champion at this weeks #ZurichClassic in New Orleans? Who's playing their best #golf right now? Tell us...
The difference is mentality; Atkins tends to be weight loss and short term, paleo tends to be lifestyle change
Thank you.
On top of that of course I gotta work.
#OWIF: It's getting dark. The fishmonger has suggested we grab our stuff from the raft and stay in the riverboat for the night.
We're playing the beaumont backyard in kansas city this evening. We go on at 6:00pm so get there early. (via )
Hahaha I figured they would but that's a little too far. Thanks though!
OH : "If you guys have one more left, I'll pound it with you."
RT : Want a #free cupcake from ? Stop by food court today-Sun to see Honda’s new CR-V!
G'Nite Jermichael! So glad you're back in Titletown!!
Poker 2 hours ago. Shooting for Saturday morning starts now. No sleep, Perfect!
RT : Dear Charlie Sheen - bad boys make us weak in the knees. Bad men make us weak in the stomach. Learn the difference.
I didn't mean u in particular! I meant the other analysts! Like Jon berry for example
We'll be working tomorrow because thats how we roll!
Finally got my new toy and now I have to go to work, boo!!
suck it
Wiltjer is vexing me with his defensive moves.
The Coyotes have played extremely dirty! YET, the keep rising above it all and has been great at keeping their composure.
not tomorrow..
So today Wrestle Mania 28! Excited even though there's going to be people pushing stepping on you and traffic -.-
just watched on the one show, and he sounds sexy with a british voice haha!, i loveyouu<3
librarians - showing not just constructing learning, but helping students to create new meaning
takingg that as a noo el oh el.
Inner healing involves moving from darkness to the light.
If you want to develop a strong mental attitude, hang out those who follow the teachings of Christ!
Thats my shit when im high
Im one goofy girl
Oh why hello...yes, dinner! Wednesday night?! There's some sort of 1920s party on the Surrey rooftop we can go to before :)
FACT: That is my exact height and weight
Cool. Sounds like a great idea for a site.
We ordered a chicken salad sandwich and an egg salad sandwich. We wonder which will come first.
home based business for women
About to give this bomb a** presentation today at 8 AM.
RT : Boston practice of Resources had an amazing day today! CPE event, Group lunch & CRAZY success on the BD side!
I need some more followers so people start following me i follow you back :D
If RGIII isn't the #1 Draft pick, something is wrong! He served up training camp passes in the 1st series!
yes sir I know that!!
Good luck. That is my school!
No pain, no brain, no gain. Physically- emotionally - mentally. #sales #psychology #success. Get tough now.
Carl Saff is the mastering master of disaster. Thanks Carl! www.saffmastering.com
U should do an Q AND A lol(:
my name is Samantha! and can it be with Niall? lol xx
Next conventions are geek media expo and sugoi con! Check em out.
where you at homie, come kick and drink
I knew u would b the first 2 wear dat hate shit what do it feel like on ur skin lol
My copy of Toni Morrison's HOME arrived today - I'm just waiting for the sun to go down before I climb into bed and into the story!
Life is too short to be anything but happy
Whoops. I definitely read the capital letters after the rest of them.
A cat burglar stole money from Austin Pets Alive. Police r looking for person responsible. Details at 5.
: What is it?
Haven't touched my printer in ages yet it still breaks... printers are the worst.
sweet! thanks. updating to it now.
RT : Tremendous effort this #HallOfFame weekend no ones thanking you....didnt you do anything?
We are a Voodoo Lab dealer!! We have your pedal on order!!
DT ooh not good, didn't realize it spread to US. How did presentation go?
seized illegal substances (pills and marijuana) found in the suspect's home. The officers overstepped their boundaries by entering the home
yayyy half day! #pointless but hey, i'll take it.
Finally everyone is sad, just that some people can pretend be happy for one second.
Ah I be in Florida 1 week from today!!
I gotta say that whole death joke shit is ridiculous.
Setting up twitter to begin twitting!
Aw man. What a way to start All Star wknd!! SMH. Cant get much better than that.......can it? Lol.
Rockin' out to Maroon 5 at the
I guess nobody really has a full album they enjoy....
So I hear it's #NationalWaterGunFightDay? My advice...Be sure to wear your water resistant sunscreen as you battle through the day. Go blue!
Working on and ! Really looking forward to the events ahead!!
My toes look kinda like little sausages. Yum(:
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 38
Did anything funny happen online today? We like to stay up to date what the cool videos are so let us know!
Met game with my biddies and 👍😁
one last trip to the grove to get the last of my stuff, then I'm officially home for summer :)
hope Jonah enjoys his Dinosaur art for his new big boy room ! Thanks for coming today :)
Ha! Maybe to ask ?s abt it, give feedback, find out if changes are coming. Would appreciate specifics if you'd share.
OMG, thank you! Wonderful and it made me laugh :)
We will accept your return to Twitter as long as you start to refer to Football as Soccer.
Bout to watch Kimbo Slice vs. Matt Mitrione on ESPN2HD. You know we gotta go home team, Kimbo.
Ah, nice character-development episode of Mad Men. Poor ol' greasy Pete.
What I wouldn't do for a chocolate cupcake right now
Finally decided to take a break for a while. Its weird and scary.
A wise choice, Gregg, money isn't happiness. Keep up the good work.
RT On indomie diet till I leave this horrible town.
Good to hear! :)
I want kolaches from that one place by the tracks. Lol
Lemonade Mouth :) <3
Love for CCBY is reminding me of a talk last month by Mackenzie Smith about possible attribute stacking problems, encouraging CC0
My god. Talk about a rude awakening. RT : Mariano Rivera says ACL torn, "meniscus also."
Heading to the annual Plateau LMS/Successfactors conference this weekend. Will you be there?
Just realized I've been giving my husband the bieber-post-haircut haircut. #secretadmirer?
RT : Happy St. Patrick’s Day to all of our members and business partners! Enjoy; we are right here if you need assistance!
Sorry for neglecting you, twitterverse. Things have been crazy!
If i have to wait until california turns mid night to play this game i'll freak the fuck out and kill californians.
I think it's fitting that my 4000th tweet was to announce that I have a job. Two big milestones!
Gill-- early traumas actually cause hemispheral damage to the brain
thanks so much for your support!
Solution: Prisoner University! RT A college student costs the state $8,667 per year; a prisoner costs it $45,006 a year.
Did you hear how many times he said "bang?'
Thanks ! Hope the article was helpful for you. :D RT
Me and you your mama n your cousin 2
Car wash going on now at Pizza Patron on Central and Baseline RIP Steven Carrillo
well it may not be pretty. Lol. But I will walk around on the court and shoot. Lol
yea haha so we goin to the y tomorrow
hey, sidekick!
Who does everyone think is the MVP of tonight's game? My vote goes to
Lemon AIDS!!
That and being online too much. :)
awesome, just followed... DM me the details mate
Get your #CherryBlossom fix at Buddha-Bar! Delicious $6 Cherry Blossom Cocktails and Cherry Crumble tarts for the cherry aficionado ;)
Thank you for instructing #insuranceagent CE at today.
And thank YOU for being part of it.
HeLLo RT : The EP is a game changer. It was an honor to be part of it.
I absolutely agree.
Harry and Zayn can get this anytime they want
Thanks so much! RT great tour/tasting today!
Hey, you should try out the BloodyCheckers now !! The new update is amazing !!
My top 3: 1) empire strikes back (originator of the movie twist/ best nerd movie) #2 dark knight #3 avengers
B) I felt like a mummified corpse the entire time C) I couldn't verify the gender of the Asian masseuse D) ALL OF THE ABOVE
follow back thanks
So, happy Thursday everyone! Hope everyone is crushing their workouts today!
unfortunately that is not up to the fans, it's their management. so don't blame it on the US and other countries.
Set Impulse Shopping Flag!
.: Sex is half a billion years older than we are. This idea that we have sex. Bullshit. Sex has us.
Selena Gomez conjured five wins at the Teen Choice Awards - one more than boyfriend Justin Bieber.
i be getting mad fa no reason sum times hahah !! it's all good though imma cool nigga in person though!
thanks for coming :)
And I bet if you asked them, they'd tell you they would have loved to have some of the stuff we have at our disposal!
Thanks for the tasty Gobbler GF sandwich ! YUM!! :-)
RALPH! I don't want any parts of that.
Masters Of Horror fest in bed, good things come in threes.
Someone should sing me to sleep or something lol
I honestly was NOT referring to you. Too ling of a story to tell here. I do hope you're doing well!
Can't sleep
There is talk of a super secret Recorder show happening soon!
The musician in the Suburban Station concourse is vigorously butchering a series of songs that did nothing to provoke him.
I really wanna get this account followers up... so like gimme a shoutout and i'll give you one!(:
i'm wearing purple tights today cuz tonight i see a play about wrestling.
Miami is so live right now!
Phillip is rocking the Dave Matthews 24/7
Okay. Still not believing this whole Kathryn McPhee as Broadway hopeful star thing.
Worst experience ever at the one off Marsh Ln & Northwest Highway!!
Q: What did they call low tech, before they called it low tech? A: Reliable.
Trying to watch the Michigan - MSU game on low-def TV. High Definition TV has spoiled me.
We just joined the Redbull Soundstage!
lol what ever you said before.
Best place in Milwaukee for tattoos, ready go!
Go to her website and look at the fan art, fan tattoos, and her comments.
Eeh give it a while it gets OLD lol
It all comes down to the people who make you change your mind<3
Accidental tweets are the strangest
You can tell a lot about a hotel by the quality of the supplied iron and ironing board. Not to mention if you feel safe in barefeet....
“: Get out the car!! get out the car!!” Lmao
haha - never! Well, maybe moving and wanting to unpack had something to do with it
And he's a freak athlete, with a big wingspan, who hustles and plays hard. There's a lot of your answer.
No blondes in black cars? RT Oh, Spotify playlist? Autograph’s “Turn Up the Radio”?? Excuse me while I whip out the air guitar!!
No problem, (can u plz follow me back)
"I actually thought about you in Spain, "
Another fun wednesday night! Thank you to everyone that joined us! Hope you had a fun experience here at Revolver :)
we develop these rlationships of affinity yet call them by the names we feel truly apply. I have 2 nieces, 2 nephews ...
Great show today!!!! Chris Webber show 98xm Sirus... Love it!!!
you're so cute you could even travel the world for her, but she didn't realize how much you can do to have her.
did we not follow each other before? That's silly.
I was your hundred follower. booya.
RT : RIGHT NOW alert out for the Police in helicopters looking for Parolee in Encinitas, with Stay Inside and don't...
Its crazy how I wanted that chick and got her then figured out she is nothing like I predicted...
Day 3 of baby sleep training and going surprisingly well so far. Fingers crossed it continues.
Sending good thoughts to Sandy Leon for a speedy & strong recovery.
Come Explore w/me & on the free trolley! Look for the green shuttle stop signs throughout South End!
The 200th person to "like" Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts will receive a "token of appreciation"!
i just saw a photo of larry king with no shirt on and goodbye cruel world.
RT : RT if you are proud of being Latino.
heading back to LaLa land!
You might not remember me from Wease show, but I'm excited to see a shot of you on today's Mets game. I'm a HUGE Mets fan
I haven't smoked since I left Orlando. damn proud of myself
Thanks for the mentions!
it was trending, and im a total Directioner <33333
I love how Westlaw Next shows me these cool tools I'd like to try out, but find out at the last button click that it's not part of my plan.
um hey kid, please explain how do I loose 5 pounds in 2 days?
Free Pastries tonight in #Pittsburgh! From 5 - 7 p.m. come to PFP to meet our new Head Baker Jim and try out some of his AMAZING desserts!
Just me and the engineer today. Editing is so fascinating to watch. Very cool art form!
Omg I'm so fucking Uncomfortable today!
Just launched on Youtube! Vegan 101 Season 2 Episodes 1 - 3 starring Eric Roberts! www.youtube.com/joannemrose1
It's not necessarily the amount of time you spend at practice that counts; it's what you put into the practice.
G Silverman: reader as fused being in cohabitation rather than autonomous liberal subject
Whoever is in my house bumping Justin bieber, fuck you
please follow back?
I also feel the need to show after I start swearing too ;)
Seriously.... I guess we don't know very well...because we love working out, love dogs and live in dupont.
you getting the bus tomorrow lass?
Smoke got her eyes lookin like she from Korea.
Jealous!! Have some wine for me! :)
All I want in my life is more hunger games!
Being at my aunt and uncle's house makes me realize what I missed out on through out my life..
welcome to twitter ;)
I want to so bad! I'm not sure I'll have the money! U so should get one tho! :)
47- i really like the name kassie and youre really pretty!!! ♥
Also considering "I Get Why Ginny Wolff Put Those Stones In Her Pockets."
Re: that last RT, the scene where Cortez talks about his husband was probably one of the most emotionally intense in the game for me.
Sometimes what you have imagined can’t be fulfilled due to space configurations.It is wise to work with your hired Interior...
In San Diego! Hanging out with Brody today!
I haven't been to a paper-based company that's passing invoices in less than 20 days - they can't do it - Henry Ijams at
the ackward moment when you get shampoo in your i and act like theres a monster in front of you
Did you know that meditation boosts the judgement part of your brain?
Is it just me, or does Lucroy always look bored?
sounds like my kind of party!
i ask u 1 question haha
Our new Harmony contain vitamins & minerals but most important Zinc which has been shown in studies to increase the body's absorption of HCG
: In yr Yelp inbox, dear friend!
well of course!
I'm looking for recommendations for iPhone web browser. What is best in free or very cheep? Thnks DMarie
So true! Some of the greatest minds in the world, past and present, have never been to college.
people are saying "happy Mother's day" because it's midnight EST? I don't think my mom has ever been up past 11pm.
thanks for the support! I need it! I'm in grad school for my MBA and we're closing on a house in a week!
I'm super excited to see my boys talk tonight at #WhenDevelopersTalk!! See you at the Gin Mill :D
So I met this prostitute who said she'd do anything for $10. Guess who got his car washed?!
QoTD: "You may delay, but time will not, and lost time is never found again." (Benjamin Franklin)
Got a spiffy nameplate for my office. Its official then! :)
bianca is the best
Tomorrow's my volunteer shift at the #SJMQT gift shop - stop by and say hello! Open 10am - 5pm, and the awesome Shaheen exhibit is still up.
After reading the blog I feel better about it. I just hope things only change for the better. Congrats guys!
check on volunteer slots in 2012, email . hope to see you in our kitchen soon!
Gilli, Thanks so much for RT!
Its not how you start, but how you finish that counts! Go bulls
I agree Shurmur is a dope, but McCoy isn't a starting NFL qb which is my only point.
What's the downtown action this sunny Saturday? #whosout?
"One dog yelping at nothing will set ten thousand straining at their collars” ~~ Japanese proverb (Thanks to my friend Harvey B.)
can you please folow me ? x3
WHY COME ERY NIGGA SWEAR DEY BALL'N OUT OF CONTROL WHEN DA TRUTH IZ IF U WAS REALLY HAV'N BREAD THERE WOULD B NO NEED 2 SAY IT WOULD SHOW..
so just enough to cover Rodger's 64 and some change contract.
oh my gosh !!! This is literally the best night of all my 14 years living!!! I love you so much ! 😍😍
Crowd goes crazy with each song!!
i know looks like ron will end up 2nd
looks super cute with his
ugh I got this project due 2maw........i needs to get on top of things
My daughter is continually flipping through the pages of her History book, going "UH". She's not a zombie, I promise.
RT Apparently Davy Jones has taken his last train to Clarksville.
VI introduced the "kps" concept and was well received by the conference.
I've seen lighter colored leather on my Doc Martins.
what are the box looking license plate things any thing in particular - I like them
do you think art and food are a natural intersection?
#DesireThursdays the sensation of surrendering to a desire is living life force.
Also, this might be the last one with Steve Jobs' input. What more could I want in a phone after this? Can't think of anything atm.
I typed gotcha in my phone and it auto corrected to Hochstatter.
watching these cats struggle through an easy game. #BBN fool
what let me roll up on yo booty??
I heard some funny shit today
<3 i love you
Just had chili, pulled pork sandwich, roast beef, fruit, cake and pie. Thanks publix samples for suppling dinner
Congrats to the new addition,
Hey here's ur good morning tweet. Bahaha
Had a great time at the info session this morning! Time to get started on my application for the Non Profit Mngmt program!!
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God
Believe I'm gettin that hat!!
People say I'm lucky...I say that I'm blessed
I dd not believe he meant a word he said about the housing issue just smoke and mirrors.
things are really heating up on Pros and Cons...make sure to follow us on Twitter and Facebook...
#NFLPA Exit Symposium The 2012 offering focused on: Depression in Transition -presented by the University of Michigan Depression Center
I can't make it I just need to rest my eyes for 5 minutes lol
Congrats to Casey Talbot and Betty Zhao for winning this week's swag giveaway!
Last year's #Kindle: Never has #tech been so dated. Next version completely telepathic. Send #Amazon $, #entertainment routed to your brain
The Viarte... Space has style just like every person has their own unique style. The Viarte is design venture company understands space. …
Much needed sleep.
Lol , I would've been here anyways !
Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it. ~Albert Einstein
Haha, me too. It's outrageous. They're ridiculous, Lol
I havent gone to church in forever but that wont change the fact that i love god and thank him for everything i have <3
Finishing up a long and interesting week at the Wyoming Library Association. So great. Everyone knows everyone, and they're INTO it.
Sweet! are on the MLB network! ....and losing horribly already :( plenty of time left!
its not just girls :D
Sure RT : VOTE=YES RT : Maybe we can add to #Toolschat topic suggestion. Overall list management tool
Thanks for another lovely evening at the market. Come on back this Saturday - there are GREAT gift ideas here...and what talented...
Farrah Fawcett + Michael Jackson. Did you know Tatum O'Neal dated Michael Jackson in her teens? Ryan O'Neal her father was Farrahs partner!
So excited for #naeamuse preconference today!
love you to
Generally they just stick to bones and work backward to the murder. Not pretty sometimes.
Did you know? If you say "Raise Up Lights" you just said "Razor Blades" in an Australian accent!
“: This fool is playin temple run in the booth. I should charge by the hour..” let's go then!!! Waiting on u to hit rec
"Prediction is hard to do - especially if it is about the future!" - listening to Michio Kaku at
hey Sam! You're an amazing back!! Best wishes!
#pdxduckbizlunch...if I need my duck football rose bowl championship ring I am going to Ronnie Malka !
thanks for lettin us know...
Yeah bro The new crew baby
It's finally time to put on the snow boots here in Wisconsin! Then again, it's all starting to melt already.
ITS SENIOR NIGHT at Sessions Stadium! hosts ETSU at 630pm! Pregame festivities at 615!
we are young
RT : Wow, just blew every other OEM out of the water. Fantastic spot showcasing Detroit the city as more than...
You Cant Make Everyone Be Your Friend...
sadly it does :-(
Ya, a friend of mine is one of the writers! Glad you enjoyed it, i'll pass it along
Song Trivia! Sneaker Pimps - "Flowers And Silence" is about what?
-Omw to Greensboro =)
....and my bad mood is back.
Apparently, #selectivetweets for facebook hasn't been working for me...will be using TweetDeck more often, I guess...
RT : Grace is meant to justify the sinner. Grace is never meant to justify our sins. Jon Walker
Only little kids think going to quinceaneras is "Crunk" [family 15s don't count)
good win for Rashad Evans tonight.would have loved to seen a knockout,but a win is a win nonetheless.really hope he gets his belt back.
Shooting a music video for one of our upcoming releases, "Nights" tomorrow. If you want to be an extra just shoot us a message on Twitter!
My heart is an easy thing for you to win <3
": I didn't know people really owned Ntelos Phones lol" what the hell iz thaat
This is for my ladies in the 280s Mercedes, in the H3, Baby Ranges, Bentley Coupes, my Escalades Say oh. Oh, oh.
Stop complaining to me, because I'm not listening.
I remember when obama became president and all the rachet girls was talkin about he's cute tho O.o
would u dm me?
That special text a special someone w3
If i could get a couple goodmornings back , that'll make my day .
Morning run
I just considered getting a life coach, but I should probably get a life first.
thanks man.
Laughter is the best medicine. A single laugh may boost your immune systems defenses for up to 3 days.
huge win. I thought Rodgers was gone. Herrera is terrible. Good trade.
#united airlines They break guitars & now baggage. Offers duffle bag on wheels but have to unpack old case and give to them. Please!
neither have i
I'm proud to live in a country where people have the freedom to be disrespectful to our POTUS, and still call themselves patriots.
Officially a hornet. ASU BABY
Looking forward to working with my 2011 mentors.
Yep. Plus Bravo would surely put a few more bucks into the show's production, which wouldn't hurt.
so does mine haha Atleast there was room that time in the shes
Pop go the weasel-3rd bass
Richard Fish: "Everybody's alone. It's just easier to take in a relationship."
Isn't it too late?
Lindy Fix tonight at 8! Lesson with Sam and Miller. DJ Nate! Also come out for a lesson in Charleston Swingouts from 7-8!
Are you near Seattle and love film? Win 2 tickets to the 2012 Seattle International Film Festival-May 17th through June 10th Tweet us to win
But of course , my mothers cooking will ALWAYS come in first place hands down . .
I feel like I'd rather change my name and leave the country then go to this dentist appointment I made.
guys who race fourwheelers. >>>
ugh my dreamcatcher isn't working anymore.
So busy tonight!!!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! RT : #FF to the one, the only for being generally awesome - and because today's his birthday!
What is a him job?
Thanks! We hope you had a great New Years as well! :)
Super bummed I had to buy my planters online. :(
restless night sleep, more productive designing. Guess I will need lots of coffee today! Good morning Twitter.
I am so blessed life can't get any better than this.
Woulda never had seen that defeat on the Dolphins!'! Was it just a daymare??? Grrrrrrr
Reason # 194 why getting older is awesome. I can eat cake for breakfast and my mom won't punish me
I can agree, the depictions were the very things people think of us as it is and that is not the majority
I decided to follow you because I kept seeing awesome people RT you. And your profile pic is. Interesting.
no offense, thats fa less impressive ;-)
My one problem w/ finishing books by Seth Godin is that they make you want to start doing right away, and stop reading.
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NO ONE ELSE
": I love everything about you, except that you're not mine. #WS"
Serious insomnia tonight will make for a challenging (and long) day tomorrow.
hey zak, i have a question
": morning Davina. Are you ready for BBQ Fest?"sure why not ;-) ...
On 4/27 U wrote #CISPA was "developed in close consultation w/civil libertarians" I can't find any, name them.
Good morning, to everyone in #Marana ##Oro Valley #Tucson #Vail #Green Valley and all around our beautiful southern Arizona region.
I'm solid so I stand like a rock on my decisions
“: A humble and genuine acceptance speech from Congrats on your #MVP. #muchrespect” Vomit!
PETA & VEGAN Advertising Campaign. #IHaveAnIdea ! I know wht will make people think abt wht goes on in factory farms. #stop abusing. 12312
only got a mounth left in school ready to get da fuck away from high school!
If they interviewed me on guy code for a good ass night session this is wat i would say.....(Project X)
Watching last holiday :)
A.Come visit!B.come visit.C.How are you?I had to make up a character in acting class and bra fitter came to mind!my calling!
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you at the
What do I want for Lunch...Wallet empty..Lucky Me I spy a Hot pocket under the 4in thick freezer frost...yummy...
What’s your favorite Facebook ad?
you have a lot of tweets :O
Nashville, Tn with some of Gospels greatest, Candy West, Wess Morgan, Amber Bullock...and oh yeah, Griff. Lol! Had a blast praisin God!
And when she stops... She's not haha RT : If she's interested in you.... She checks your tweets. Face it.
Deleted my facebook app from my phone, again. This time for good?
u r so awesum anser me on fb that wuld be cool
yep. If we can avoid turnovers and bad special teams plays, we have a good chance to win I think.
Great talking to you as well. See you on the course!
At mash ups in the classroom session
Gud.RT "I've always seen it as the role of an artist to drag his inside out, give the audience all you've got." Henry Rollins
"The greatest threat to our national security comes from not providing a healthy start for all children & from not educating all children"
Spend the night at our Salomé room plus enjoy a beautiful Champagne and chocolates gift basket from . Delicious!!!
Keep them squares up out your circle.
Darn. Had my hopes up that he would go 7 for first time in pro career.
Off to the twice monthly "Random Shit Bookclub" meeting - catch ya on the flipside tweeple!
Hungry for a Chicago-Style Hot Dog? You pay $1 and you get $10 worth at Mad Dog's Eatery in Madison. www.dealoria.com
It's almost time to sleep. There's nothing interesting on TV, so what's the use.
Did just say the Courier Journal has a "hard on" for he and Drew Franklin?
Cavs need to sign JR Smith
I do love it :D
#Math and alcohol don't mix. Don't drink and derive. -- From Mathematicians Against Drunk Deriving, or MADD.
Well, the "resumator" URL (see previous mention) is the direct link to the application process. Good luck.,
Home is where the heart is
It's all about dabbin some of this bomb OG Honeycomb and Master Kush wax from Green Dove. irie!!!
Hell yea bro a nigga had to be sleep
I was messing with my settings, I have haters 😳 & they stalk me
We live in a world where Bobby Brown is still alive.
Enjoy a #nudist discount getaway 4 nights $399 visit us
realizing that it's not up to you...and it never was.
Oh, not so! Do you know I hiked 2200 miles and lived in the woods for 5 months & 8 days? That's not GLAMPOROUS!
Plays posted from 115 cappers with cons on Texans, Boise St & Un...Off to Sam Boyd Stadium and watch the Broncos kick some Butt
Breaking hearts is : heartbreak therapy
Good! I'm glad to hear it :)
Hey everyone tweet mee
I want sweet tea.
Love these #design gurus ff#
#Burlesque one of my favorite movies ever<3 is flawless
Got carded, tried to see an R rated movie.. -___-
Good thing you gave up that leaving during OT bit
he is waiting for you with this 👦💝
Same here! Very excited to be going to See you there!
When did "dude" become non-gender specific? I'm a dude now? Must have missed the memo...
Just heard from : Sewickley Wine Walk & Spoiled Chics's party tonight 5-9! I'm too young to go- will u go & tell me about it?!
fanpop has a bunch.
I would give up my swoosh account for a guaranteed discount on Air Jordan retros...hands down
typical cowards. Just desserts.
Pre-kids I thought breastfeeding passed 1 yr was weird & uncalled for. After 2 kids that I bf'd, I feel that it's none of my damn business.
Morning is off... and I blame for ruining it. Give me back !!!! NOW!
when I tweeted that I wanted cookies last week, that didn't happen to me. cc
RT : Mayoral debate viewing party at blacks at 7pm. McGinn fundraiser. Mcginn is a friend of #Seattle nightlife #seamayor ^jh
Apple's Market Cap Exceeds $500 Billion Mark
congrats #2years ..love u guys follow me #chestnuts ... A M A Z I N G!
Buck up about the BoSox ...you've go 1.3 mil twitter followers. Life's good, eh?
Maybe it's my academic freedom complex kicking in?
her nose is a blood and puss factory! Luckily she doesn't seem to be in pain and has no issues rubbing it all over the couch...
happy hump day fellow twits
Hey fans! Check out one of the Arthritis Foundation's favorite volunteers on NBC tonight 9/8c!!
thank you.
Thank you! I am pretty excited about this!
Quick stay in your net! Kings beat these desert dogs!
Most of y'all don't know this and I just realized this too but Kanye said Yolo first back on his Graduation album in 2007. Just sayin'
Joy of Cooking has a good one. i also highly recommend Nigella Lawson's guinness chocolate cake w/ cream cheese frosting.
First Techno-Hell, now power outage! Going down before I can move up. :)
*grabs shot glasses* RT “: They gave us lemons we made lemonade...” add some vodka and we have ourselves a party.
LATE TO WORK!
I agree, I am fighting to help end depression with fitness and nutrition! Spread the word! Please contact me for help :-)
Looking forward to tonight's #a4dmeetup events
Oh no hon. :( *hugggles* I'm sorry sweetie. :( My mom is a colon cancer survivor so we joke a bit too.
follow first please and then I'll follow u =)
Cool! I'll wave and say hello when you pass me. LOL
Movie recommendation is Viggo Mortensen in "Eastern Promises"
hahahahahahahahahaha that's the funniest thing ever. I was thinking... "and this is why I never run"
Many speak the truth when they say that they despise riches, but they mean the riches possessed by other men
Thank you! Someone finally understands! I don't know how they can even make the comparison!
more importantly, what did you get?? new shoes i hope
heck yeah!
You've got to believe it, right? “: Everything will be ok. Maybe not right now, but eventually it will be.”
Supreme Court building repair about to begin
I wish we could put up some of the Christmas spirit in jars and open a jar of it every month. ~ Harlan Miller
Pregnancy Rape,Harassment,Abuse,Being walked on,Breast cancer,Played, Lied to.Women are some strong individuals and men should respect them♥
I'm going to eat a banana and then try to nap. That is the plan.
Did you know? “A pessimist is somebody who complains about the noise when opportunity knocks.” – Oscar Wilde
RT : off to finish my new studio today........ cant wait JB ......congrats
you didn't need surgery?
Exactly, don't have to love it but when I read arguments that are so forehead slappingly stupid...
I am watching the last season of Smallville...loving it!
Im officially throwing my hat into the 2012 presidential race..Now if i could just find out where it landed...
thanks doll!
Yo has been a stopper for them this season. He has had the highs and lows as well. Seems feast or famine.
Hardy went 5 for 8 and 2HR yesterday no way Milwaukee has any chance of getting him back
Clowns wear a face that's painted intentionally on them so they appear 2 b happy or sad. What kind of mask r u wearing 2day?
Awww Sky is cute!
y not
Can't wait until May is over and have insurance again!
October 2nd @ 6pm, movie and FREE dinner in the FloCo/Historic courtyard! Shaaaabam!
Thanks for coming out to the Guerrilla Air Celebrity Paintball Shootout!
“: Tom Brady scores more than Zach Morris at prom with a pocket full of roofies”
sounds like a truly Pyrrhic victory.
tweeps can speak truth to power but are also vulnerable to surveillance by power
Fish are friends not food. " what's that from mr Rogers? " haha love you
I'm so happy you left your kindle. Lol. It's funny though b/c it makes Sean uncomfortable!! "Inappropriate" HAHA.
RT : “: Lmfaooo dis nigga sed "i take dick in my ass! No homo" GAY ASS NIGGAS,,,” smmfh<---that's ya mans
I am wearing a lot of navy today. I am a wall of navy.
Had an amazing event for Self and Brides Magazines at Blush Third ward, with & ! Massive spring hotness happening~
hello everyone
My Outlook has gone crazy!
Yikes. I'll buy ya a cup next week if you're around. Oh and if you need baby stuff def let me know!
ok, the modem is provisioned. details of what was done posted on the forum :)
It was a pleasure meeting and chatting with you tonight. Enjoy the nice weather and butterflies.
thanks for your response. i have sent you an email.
Well, it's a win. Not impressive, but still a win
Love this tune. Strings are immense!
If your not registered to vote, what are you waiting for??????
fl studio...keyboard and protools.
your such a nice cousin
Dear followers. From here on out this twitter will be devoted to naastl stuff, and most of you probably don't give a damn. Just a heads up.
I didn't even finish all my homework but I have to go to bed now... It's 3:40 am. I get up at 6:40
- Is there anything I can do in PeopleBrowsr without paying the fee? When I login, everything I click on asks me to subscribe.
I Miss Vinny's Voice :( <3
I missed this. Sorry. So I think you've answered your ?. Particularly for mags, the iPad would be better choice.
Headed home. I hate the BPL just a little bit today.
#twitterrhea - is that the opposite of #twittstapation? Cuz I think that's what I have. It's hard for me to tweet.
There's no way that she just texted me. Oh God. I must be dreaming. <3
too bad i already know that .
can I get in on this frpom Baltimore!?!
JazzPlus with Greg Thomas about to hit radio airwaves (4:05-5pm EST) @ www.wvox.com. Live Internet stream too. Tune in to the swang!
Drowning in Web videos!
. the ban on houses with swimming pools - does that apply to both in-ground and above-ground models?
TIP: Being on the internet makes it easy for potential customers and lenders to learn about you.
I lick the gun when am done caz I know that revenge is sweet
Anything going on tonight?
nightmare :/ fed up! Crap Friday night :(
DARK SHADOWS TRIVIA QUESTION FOR "DARK SHADOWS" MOVIE PREMIERE TICKETS, coming up
She is, and we know it. You have to give them a little area to wiggle though.
up late watching the game, happy to see the Cowboys handling bizzness
Yes you are (:
Do you do your own Tumblr? Your's is cool.
Okay school based #slpeeps. How many more IEP meetings do you have before the end of the school year? Evals?
Ex: Roses by Outkast
last day of school tomorrow .. get out at 10:30 .. wtf am I gont do ? somebody fwm
Help us get to 100 by the end of the day! We donate to help #findacure! RT us and help us win the fight!
by close I mean it would be the equivalent to a 17 inning game 7 of the World Series ended by a walk off grand slam.
I know! I'm trying to give it an honest shot. Editing some family videos on it now.
What a sad and disappointing game. I love them with my whole heart but an embarrasing performance, refs or not.
Lol that is so weird. Makes me feel kind of awkward. Haha
HAPPY DAY
Come into Zen-Diego today for your Dental cleaning
RT At #AdoptABlock at the join us every Saturday at 10 AM.
I know I'm no angel girl, but I'm not so bad.
So I can't spell in Spanish... :P RT : cojones. Cajones means drawer (as in furniture) ;-)
...and then to get them back, the recording enginner KEEPS IT IN THE SONG so we know how they were treated
Why the fuck am i awake right now if I'm not going to school.
I am strong and life will never get me down, because the harder I fall, the higher I bounce...
I used to say,I sure hope things will change.Then I learned that the only way things are going to change for me is when I change. -Jim Rohn
Sprint and I just broke up. I'll never doubt you again, Verizon.
I really miss you too I really need to see you before spring awakening
Correction: Main Library opens @ 11 am today (Friday). Branches open @ 1pm
Friday night at the office...but March Madness on in the background. That sound makes everything better.
Happy St.Patrick's Day! Show your inner GREEN! :D
Just saw some lady wearing a plastic bag on her head. #lolwut?
Sometimes I lie and sometimes I cheat. Some say it's wrong; some say it's right. I feel it's necessary to preserve one's self respect...
At least your name is not Mary. Too many options in that onion layer.
Welcome and thanks for the follow and ... glad to connect with you!
Got my brother's bachelor party in Atlantic City in April. Any Suggestion on Hotels and things to do? Already doing a friends MMA fight.
yeah girl :))) miss ya!
I LOVE YOU MONIQUE
PATHWAYS also an affirmation of what good lead learners are already doing. Something new--not necessarily nefarious.
Dese Oreos GOOD A'F Gottah go get sum more
Hey so did you have fun with the boys and at the premier?
My problem with him is, his wife has to get sick for him to change his ways? How about some respect for your colleagues?
She want a man, don't need a man
TY : RT Great way to slow down: have a #familymeal. Sitting down together to eat can be #familytime & share the days events
Adult fleas you see on your pet are only 5% of the fleas present!- The other 95% live in your carpet, on your furniture and in your yard.
I am extremely sorry for causing any harm with our balloons. It is my ('s) mistake. I should've been smarter in...
Just left you a voicemail. hit me when you get a chance. ill be out there Fri-Sunday this week w. for work
thanks for stopping by! glad you enjoyed.
