Join us tomorrow from 3-7 at the Alderwood Mall! Enjoy giveaways, sample heart healthy recipes & enter for a chance to win a $500 Gift Card!
Have a glorious weekend!
Last night in florida. Sippin bloody marys
“: My Player mode »”
Considering my name is Robin... It's okay to admit I am more of an early bird than a night owl.
the moment when your doing ur thing but you know you might get caught!!
How should I kill 2 more hours till the real hockey game starts?
“: Great night to be a progressive in Dane County. Incredible results and what looks to be a super majority on the County Board.”
that was good! i would comment on the video itself but i dont have a youtube acount :(
showed up! I will vouch.
Waiting on thus slow ass ride. #Taking there sweet time.
Tea Baggers against: Education, Healthcare, Medicare/Medicaid, Civil & Voting Rights! They benefit more from Gov than anyone else in USA!
Back in A2. Six hours late. Tired. Good night.
Thanks, Frances. It was a thought-provoking venture! Glad you enjoyed it.
Justin Beiber and 50 Cent are carrying Mayweather's belts.
“You never know when the devil might come calling.” Farley Mowat, born on this day in 1921, eh?
Stop on in for happy hour and catch the big game!
welcome to the hood! (mama kim informed me of your whereabouts) what concerts are next?
What' happening
i love listening to music with my ray friends in fifth hour and then when we dance (: i love my friends. now time to write my essay..</3
Bonus! Black Mambas are playing in the other room at Lynette Skynyrd show!! Hells yeah! Lots of rad Betty's here tonight too. Andale!
someones a little pissed off tweeter
Welcome Carson and Cheyenne Medders to the Non-Coms lineup; playing their first show in Chattanooga this weekend (5/21) at JJs Bohemia.
Thx for the follow :)
I need more followers on twitter, because I have a lot of followers in real life!
I'm going to Serbia and Montenegro this summer. Your tax dollars at work!
file systems don't help with productivity. It's time to rewrite them.
:/ I'm so nervous
So tell me, how did we get here?
": WARNING: Last chance to win a 3 + MLBTV subscription. #OpeningNight, or ? #MLBTVme ...
Press Releases are written so the client thinks you are doing work.
Did you know that Ralph Bunche was the first African-American to win a Nobel Peace Prize in 1950? Let us know other facts by mentioning us!
you are absolutely amazing out on stage right now. Stop being so perfect
i don't have plans yet but if i can save some money...july or august for sure.
This boy is a mesd
Add 7. Matt Vensel is from PA and a Biased Steeler Fan.
Your being pretty dang COMMANDING!
Lots of boos for Nate. You bet I was involved
Barnes - start conservatively with the #pdaebook profile and open it up from there.
Never doubt the great #Mo!
lol. I'm hurrying!(: I'm bringing my best friends. Ben and Jerry(; hahha #BestFriend <3
Recommends "Borrachera" by Little Joe on Pandora
Good idea!
Hm... I'm going to miss in history wahhhhhhh!
dont correct people's grammar if you dont even know past tense and present tense -_-
If you feel alone, you're not. Talk to a friend. Or talk to CAPS. Just talk to someone. Please.
Totally into "Sherlock" now.
Follow for a solo shout out RT if you did
My pleasure! Can't wait to come back and try more - they're so delicious! :) Keep up the great work!
2 Damn Cheeky on FriskyRadio - Tues, Feb 1st,12pm EST, 5pm GMT, 9am GMT,classic replay of 2DC's Artist of Week set by Rich Foster...Boom !!!
Dylan's candy bar in NYC
Matt says: "$1k, well spent." Dude, thx for coming out!
I don't have a car :(
I do! Maybe I should go next door and ask to borrow their phone. :)
your new profile looks nice I really like your review of "The Source" on Amazon, thanks for being such an awesome force!
Watch me go over my tweet limit again xD
Mike Nicastro has been there too, and almost done that.
Dang first cutler now forte. Bye bears season
how ppl gonna say im always on twitter .. B!tch how wud u know that if ur not on! hm? yea OK.
how on EARTH does that happen?!
: Awesome! Cant wait to see you! Absolutely not! As long as u say hi to us when ur there! ;)
Ok ... Shit we need to Chopp it up then... What u gettin into later, lets meet up for a drink.
Damn a billion? I could get behind that. Fif bout to make a lotta other stars look bad. #SK for real.
just do it!
5yr old & I at Target. She asks whose pic is on CD (it was Nicki Minaj). Her: "Oh, I thought it was Pink." I was equally proud & mortified.
#iPhone users: what are you looking for in a case? I'm creating a product for a design class; all input is welcome & much appreciated!
"Money Ball" & "War Horse" most nominations without a win 0 for 6.
When your body is ready to sleep, but your mind isn't 😔 <
Friday...yay. Living the crazy life via the cubicle.
The worst I hate it ": Not a big fan of it being pitch black out at 630pm. It feels like my bedtime"
Well, my life has changed dramatically. Brought my parents to Milwaukee to live with us today. The circle of life.
"What a waste of buying a murder house"- my media law teacher! It may have taken all semester, but I finally enjoy that class.
Excellent choice of days for an al fresco lunch. :)
now where did you hear Rolling...Rolling...Rolling at?
Waiting 30 mins for a bus sucks!
Change is not difficult. It is the resistance to change that is difficult or painful
Everyone get excited, we're releasing a new issue this week! And it'll be your most useful one yet: Best of Milwaukee Bars
haha I feel you
Help us help the ! This month, by a Valentine toffee box, and proceeds benefit the organization!
Cant sleep, when will this end ? 😪😔
the last place you wanna go when your super dupper tired is church -_-
man idk... I guess i can shoot for thanksgiving time or christmas maybe
the buzz in Scottsdale look it up
is that like bromance for bands?
You can't stop pushing toward the mark even if once you get there the door "looks" like it's closed.
If you focus on your goal, you will NOT fail to complete it...no matter what adversity assails you along the way.
Report: Vehicle sales robust - St. Cloud Times
Fresh Fire is hosting, "Fresh Fire Field Day" for foster children in the Charlotte area on Nov. 12th 10am-3pm in the Brayboy Gymnasium!!!!!
It's already too hot outside.
I love it!
My hearts a stereo!!!<3
Hanging out with at the middle school game (:
Hard fought win over exceptionally well coached and # 26 Oklahoma Christian at the Ram Dome tonight. Rams prevail 78-74
Heck the the F-ing yes. ": You can't do anything these days without people finding it necessary to talk about. #annoying"
cool that you made #infocamp this year. Wish I could have done the same.
sixers just gotta play smart,intensed D and smart shots no stupid 3's
I guess that's what I was trying to say... non-conformists who roll up their sleeves, rebels who execute, etc.
Ya that might be the worst call of all time! 2 feet off 1b???? LMAO
Awww... Thanks Trav G That Was Sweet :)
I'll never forget Angel ):
have you tasted it?
Also, attend!! April 19, 6pm, Middle Plaza Rm, SC - Emma Anderson of U of Ottowa speaking on so-called North American martyrs, Jesuits ...
Twilight isn't fucking real. Idiots.
Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life, but whoever rejects the Son will not see life, for Gods wrath remains on them. John 3:36
I love how smart are president of The United States is. He speak so clear and so professional
his latest bloggity in which he claims she was at DC bloggers mtg with Romney
Heat is good!
We regard gratitude in our fellow-beings ... as a cardinal virtue; and the contrary as almost enough to render him despicable (1855)
Left is Right | The Wrong Side of History - Huffington Post
the brunette pic!
Thank you to all the new followers! We're still getting this thing up and running. Any help spreading the word is appreciated. <3
And #betascape free student tickets just went on sale, get them while there are still a few available!
That's horrible for D. Rose.
They kissed! #DWTS who couldn't see that very real kiss
Comment on boyfriend video: "I'll be a fan when he does a song not about girls." DOWN 2 EARTH? NEVER SAY NEVER? BORN 2 BE? BIGGER?! Bye.
FML. DROPED MY PHONE IN THE TOILET :( I HAD EVERYTHING THAT MEANS SOMETHING TO ME ON THERE )':
Stand by... 10 day forecasts will be 'officially' live in a couple days (but you get the benefit outside of the USA already)
incredible! Bon Jovi is bad ass, just saying.
Many thanks to for tweeting #aaasci - sounds like it was frustrating but still glad it happened. I hope we all keep talking
West grosses me out. He is the biggest egotistical douchebag ever.
Please share your most embarrassing childhood nickname.
Certainly a perfect day for it!RT : Shrimp & grits made this gray day 100% better. It's been too long!
Good question! We only made 6 for the team - are you in NYC or Berlin where we can stamp you?
Love it! RT A man in the house is worth two in the street. -Mae West
What happened to Lark Voorhies??oh my lol
American Red Cross Babysitter&#39;s Training at Orono High School ...
I am a Small Business Owner who lost an employee because his partner was uninsurable with a preexisting condition
Where are you moving?
I wish i never lost you. What id give to be yours again.
Thanks for the heads up, just downloaded. Def notice improvements and better speed/performance! Great work!
I used to run about five miles a day and I did aerobics for a while
Lakers getting absolutely nothing from anyone aside from Kobe tonight...
Topic clusters of words that also rise and fall together over time indicate "periodizable historical discourse"
Another great day! Back to the grind tomorrow. We will hopefully have something playable for you guys on the website soon!! have a great
forgot to tel u dat the other 2 i needed are Strawberry-shortcake(the carton) & Dora.i need it by Mon. :p lol last 2 i swear
hehe, I'll shut up now :)
your performance literally made me cry because "let it be" is my favorite song EVER! all i can say is #thankyou <3 AMAZING!!!!
Thanks for following me back. I just love your music and everything. <3<3<3<3
I can moonwalk.... In my socks.... On the hardwood floor..... d;
are you think playoff run now
Just gotta say, not everything!! LOL!! Should I start the list?
not convinced the expos wouldn't win that matchup...
I <3 psychological thrillers & would like to act in one of your productions. Btw, CL shoes are uncomfortable & shoe-icide !
Defense wants info about FBI agent called "Bill Smith" that had contact with alleged Christmas Tree bomber. Traded 44 emails with Mohamud
Great game coach. RIP
Fuck I'm losing at beer bong
I wish I could give you some of my songs now but I can't.Keep checking my feed for updates. My single will be out this month :)
SELF CARE: How are you pampering yourself, giving back to yourself this weekend?
Two words people need to stop using in conjunction with tech tools and services: "passion" and "love."
I Love You!
My pleasure! Great stuff : - ) RT thanks for the RT! I'm glad people are so happy to share all the stories
and Peeta brought their A game just now, that's what's up
norbit v precious? epic battle
who doesn't love a lil dry hump?
life is what a individual make of it!!!~
i will gladly
For as long as I can remember, I've watched every week. Heaven forbid I miss the sound of those trumpets
Oh I just love my #mom so much! She makes me feel better about any situation im in!<3
Welp Im Off To Bed ! See ya .
Severe Thunderstorm Warning [hail: 1.00 IN] for Dakota, Washington and Pierce, St. Croix till 11:30 AM
Nice seeing you here!
Lol you fuckin moron, it was #SARCASM you fucking Twit.. YOU should just get off twitter before you hurt yourself.
just watching wrestling
Just took some pics about to upload them. - Zaona
I almost responded w/ I eat nothing but ...., that sounds really bad! Ha chx & turkey in the fridge!
me too! You're so much fun!
he does thoo..
what's good my road trip buddy lol
The court does not recognize this defense!
see previous tweet/recent instagram photo. I'm obsessed.
I'm a Belieber. So if you're trying to talk to me about something not about Justin, you can leave.
20 more mins then ill be out the door...with no car ha
I'm not on my computer right now. But, if anything I'll post it tomorrow. I have to get the video from Conner.
I had no idea that ABDC was still on television.
/: well this sucks
thanks .. We have a women's line as well
To say Marcelo has made an impact on this game is a major understatement... Wow.
Thank you everyone that was there tonight and thank you so much for showing us what it means to be a band. We love you.
So bout to celebrate little baby girl singing one of Adele's songs. But can the toddler sing her ABC's & 1,2,3s?
You and me both! Except I was dumb enough to have a creative writing major...
thnx 4 pronouncing Louisville correctly U said louavull, it's not Louie ville, Very few get it correct & U you nailed it
Woo just said "We could stab him, then pull off his arms."
when you see Foo Fighters, are you gonna be that fan that screams "I LOVE YOU" at the top of your lungs?
Your food porn is killing me...and Inn n Out is so close....we can't have a fat HP!
I love how in my Consumer Behavior class, we're always using food as examples
say 11:30ish outside library? there's $8 on the card, but no need to buy the whole thing unless u have a ton of wash...
In Prospect Park, she bikes on the drive, plays Frisbee on the meadow and, now, pushes a stroller through the forest
That Will Hopefully Never happen lol I Beat Blackops two days before you told me not to play it anymore lol .
I wonder how many times a pizza delivery for I.C. Weiner is mentioned in the entire series of Futurama
al i need is mary mary mary .. i aint fckin w. no other drugs
Snuggies would be more attractive if the commercials weren't so corny❕
Today I identified one of the gaping holes in my empty existence: I really miss the casual subversion of not rewinding.
Roll call: How many sisters were inducted from (1969-2012) to our beloved organization on this day? Say OLA!
How about 2
Aaawwee yu should deff come!! LMAO IMAGINE IF I TRIPPED WHILE WALKINH ACROSS THE STAGE
Thank you to Barbara Agbemafle for booking your July 21st wedding with us today....can't wait to make your special day a memorable one!
My boss thinks that because the router makes the internet wireless, that the router should not have any wires.
Yes indeed! RT Great gig! Fastcase is looking for a new reference and training attorney for our Washington, DC office.
you couldn't pay me enough to work that coochie , girl boom lol
SO EXCITED FOR SCHOOL AND MY BIRTHDAY TOMARROW!!!!!!! <3
RT : Were excited for our meeting with in an hour. Need my afternoon coffee from to wake me up!
Can Wait to make yall Our Friends ( F A N S ] we gone love yall to death we already do
#seriously these are some of the dumbest assignments, in the world.
Screenflow for mac? Camtasia for Windows?
Gosh, why so many airports? Was it super cheap that way?
I'm moving back to florida, and ha I'm a sophomore next year
The habit of giving only enhances the desire to give
As I'm looking to the sky to count the stars ... I wonder if you see them where you are
Sometimes I wish I were more upfront with a guy when I like him. Guess it's not really a bad thing to wait for him to make the first move.
Lol.. out on the golf course.
Headed to #thebestexoticmarigoldhotel early matinee vet excited!
wanted to make your stay better with a cool mobile app for LV,
Today I had fun with Gwen at the Worksource. We shared information and are on our way to success. Cynthia Harris
Pretty funny Hasner Internet ad came up on my computer: "Lemieux: It's French for Crist. Don't elect another Charlie Crist.". Nice.
Also LOVED the octopus & the Baladin Nora at
I hope you can pass that feeling on to kids now and in the future. If it meant a lot to you, it will to them as well
How many more changes does Facebook have to make before they completely alienate everyone and become MySpace?
:) Let HR know we'd love to come back and feed the gang anytime!
its 17 degrees here. Wish i had Jim Beam
I wanna persue a career in acting, I plan 2be a professional actress.
remember Sega's #hologram video game Time Traveler?
The enthusiasm of a woman's love is even beyond the biographer's.
“: Happy bday jonjon ! It was fun celebrating with u! n Gavin (Quagmire) !!” omg. Happy bday !
No such luck. Was there for WebWise :) They are the inventors of the snap buttons & even have a "museum" in store :)
that topic should trend
#uwannaimpressme pull out a rubber full of u know wat I mean "Big Faces"
Great seeing you this morning!
Why do I hang around in this church pew or bar stool kinda town
yeah call me #8675309 :D
It seems like you already have the right mindset. The book will help give you a concrete strategy for that type of mindset.
The boys of are here, can't wait to hear their q&a after the movie. Always nice to see Peter, Dennis, and Sam.
RT : Autocorrect should include the sound of a ruler smartly spanking your knuckles until you get it right.
: this is one of the reasons you are a better person than I am.
question, are you guys going to be posting the pods from the Jay & Silent Bob shows in Australia this week?
Painting Tops Spring Home Improvement Wish Lists
If there was a like button on Twitter, this would be the moment I use it :) Always leave the ones that hold you back!
Fuck these bitches..
I Love Twitter !
definitely the 5 boxes of absolute 2011 was crazy!
I want to know who WaPo is calling for these polls? Are they calling predominantly leaning repubs?
Rip Hamilton sucks fukin scrub
probably a good idea. I just need to get this out of my system. It's been bubbling up inside of me for a while.
After three months of working for I'm proud to say I helped accomplish our goal: defend the Wisconsin State Senate.
it's been good! :D what'cha doing?
in the script. As long as the emotions are honest, you'll move the audience and do the script justice. I hope that helps <3
you are a tweeting fool today. what's up?
That was one hell of a third act. I heard Dwyer off himself live on the radio. Santorum lacks the wit for that.
** PMBLeague Injurt News ** #CrownRoyals starting PG and all around good man Chris Munley suffered a potentially season ending injury
Thanks for the add!
Why This Miami Dolphins Fan Can’t Wait for “Miller Time” in 2012
Thank you :)
- It's been a great episode so far!
Holy Mocha Lattes batman! They are selling like hotcakes this morning.
So glad I got to see tonight. Such a great show!
..So feeling the looks..
Just finished writing our 2nd feature film which we will be shooting in October:)!
richpublican Irrational idea; system runs on less public services. Solution: Tax the rich!
[Campus Bulletin] Today is Campus Safety Day! So... I don't know, wear a helmet or something.
the section of Dateline with the amputee veteran on Battleship >
Sweet freedom! Le sigh. *heads home to edit*
thank you for the #ff mention.
Look out for a video blog sometime next week. Maybe even this weekend! -Jake
I did somthing I shouldn't have!!!!! & now I'm feeling sum type of way!!!
Thanks all is good. Looking forward to being home after so many years :-) !!!!!
Dinner rolling through Iowa with a New York historian and two South Africans...an interesting convo, let's just say. Safest sticking to ...
Recovered, 95%, from weeklong cold. Nice but had to miss #nodePDX this weekend.
I can't wait to see The Smurfs!
ikr im crazy to
walking taco?!?! what is this you speak of?! what makes it different from a reg. old taco? lol
How is the new place? It sounds like you're learning quite a bit at work...
as a librarian, I think you should be more supportive of the Pose...
That does not sound like a good idea.
I'm going to be singing Alaaaaniiis Moooriseeette in my head for the rest of the day (at least)
That awkward moment when you see someone who looks exactly like so you yell and its not him...
SCHOOL TOMORROW
Anthony Bourdain is a world class #asshole. This is no surprise.
Yes, the position is in our main office at 726 Broadway.
Do we really need bad moments in order to appreciate the good ones?
Michael Steinberg of Sullivan & Cromwell: "nothing more absurd than forcing a man with to delusions to represent himself in court"
Hello World!
we saw a local burlesque twist on nutcracker this weekend called slutcracker.
Thx for the follow. I follow back.
im just annoyed lol but thanks!
Haven't seen the sun in three days... Not good
ugh some people are just really bad texters and i don't have the balls to tell them...it makes for a painful conversation
They sure don't make Jews like Jesus anymore :-/
New youtube show (My Life) commin soon...STAY TUNED !
One guy. Not two. Not three. ONE.
oh damn ..
Yup.....I am RT thanks bruh bruh. You still in the bay?
It's cool. Just avoid responding to me when I need legitimate answers.
Gootiethon April 2012 weekend has begun.
Yoga tonight!
So. Little. Time. Badabing. RT : So. Many. Sluts.
RT : Scott on drug testing welfare recipients. "It's interesting. The public completely gets it." the public - No We DON"T!
She is such a B!! I don't get to watch for 2 hrs RT Wtf is wrong with Christina? Why is she always hating on Tony?
Unusually hyper
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Starts Tomorrow 7 & 7:30PM! The New iPad, a Macbook Air, an iPod Touch = which one's first? Don't Miss It!
#RememberRapWhen people use to rap about Maximas and crews was rolling in them MPVs aka Minivans
how do u expect me to write a FIFTEEN PAGE REPORT. gtfo
Those nights where you have second thoughts about everything and nothing feels right anymore.
i bet Angel is running up to Austins dad in heaven. and are both looking down on how far he is going<3
The Time Traveler's Wife
🙏Amen“: There's no need to rush. What's meant for you always arrives right on time.”
So far I'm up 112% this week.
I think I need some too. Maybe some melotin so I have a shot at sleeping tonight.
So accurate!
Lost my earring; GOD DAMN
You give me butterflies
right now or for my bday sista?
sounds amazing 😘
Just another divide that programmers need to learn to cross.
thanks for the follow my friend!!!
“: Off them candy & cough drops lmao” < ha
Boom goes the dynamite. Thank you Jason!
Off to a rehearsal for a recording session with Kristine Key and Jon Ozment
Nope still not really what I was talking about.
lol I don't even remember. Oh gosh, Now that's bad. I wish they hase a 250 anytime minutes package lol def wouldn't go over
what did you get for mother's day?(:
I didn't even hit the Fest, was posted up at Mother's and watched #GameOne of both Flyers-Devils and the Lakeshow. We'll chill soon
Everclear's new single is so good it that anyone familiar with the last record will be able to forgive them & return to being fanatics
Does anyone remember that scene with Naomi Watts in 21 Grams with the amazing tango background music? So sad, so powerful.
thanks for the RT. What did you think of the blog post?
what an asshole thing to do. Thanks!
go figure...
Just watched last night's live 30 Rock. once again proving he's the new Carson.
Unless they have a bigger car! ;)
Hey Brett! Interested in submitting footage, but much of it already contains music-- do i need footage w/o music?
We are in a mirage economy.
SCOTUS arguments today provide hope that Obamacare will end up on the trash-heap where it belongs... Should be an interesting summer...
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Brand New Kindle and PSP 3000 up for grabs tonight! Don't miss it!
This night is young!
Anybody else just lay in bed making mental movies of perfect scenarios in life?
I just finished a 3.06 mi run with a time of 35:06 with Nike+ GPS.
Try our Bahama Mama. It's the real deal, just like the original! Add some German Potato Salad and Creamy Cole Slaw!
Sweet Caroline..........the only good thing going at fenway for Saux fans.........
Thanks for following.
im hon gree
Love thAt Floridas student section has a fathead of - they'll soon learn that brow has super powers
I think ur account is suspended
after registering for my last semester of undergrad, it has become apparent that I may be graduating in the near future…hmm
This is the day which the Lord has made, let us rejoice and be glad in therein.
Hello y'all
I jus wish bron was more smooth that's all
I need professional headshots...for free(ish). Any #SF photographers looking to build their portfolios??
Stewie is gay wat kinda show is family guy SMFH
Looks like Beijing Zhongxin universe Network Technology Co., Ltd. is in the pfishing business. CIA has been notified.
i think it's more abt said 33-year-old's ability to work FT on intern's income. but if that's not a concern, by all means :-)
is amazing!
Thanks for successfully making my day and embarrassing me at the same time :) Love the birthday flowers!
Long distance relationships can be difficult.
Very nice thank you. Plenty to do, and yours?
Of course CW comes in to film a commercial the same day I wear my ninja turtles t shirt... Lol smh
Dean W. was closest..but still way off! Dean Wins 2-free bfasts! 12million eggs each year. Our chickens also still luv Butler Basketball!
Yes!!! #Lynette & #Tom back 2gether, #desperatehousewives - so happy:)
The defense is great, can't ask for any more at this time, but damn the offense is horrible week in and week out
Things better go smooth
End your Monday on our Patio
Fake ass bitches <<<
Don't despair people, Santorum will still be on the tips of our tongues for years to come. Well, not mine- i raw-dog that shit.
Great advice coming out of the career in sports panel going on right NOW!
thanks for the great shout-out! and hope to see you in our Funky Flow Yoga class soon :)
ah. Still learning the language of Twitter.
Ewing was voted as the 16th greatest college player of all time by ESPN.
I been ducked off for a lil min boys ain't seen me but its still love s/o to my promo ppl
CAMS almost ready to breakout... Just a few more ask slaps!!!
Thank you so, so much, Grace! Totally made my afternoon :)
Indian food for lunch is going to spell trouble for the rest of the day. I should apologize to my wife in advance...
I wish my roomie and her friends would shut up so I can sleep
OK, there's no way I cloud get back to my session after a marriage proposal. Props to !
Creativity not about efficiency but serendipity
Putter's (:
Its so awkward when someone tweets right beside you.
is probably the coolest person in the world!!
And also a thank you to security team: our ever-present weekend warrior Angela, Ali, and the Sups. We ::heart:: you.
Last day of class tomorrow. End of summer looms, Fall, the best season of all, is around the corner.
You know that awkward moment when your dad tags hillary duff in your photo because he doesn't know English or get Facebook
One more class for the day...
that's not the only thing you can place on me
I love you guys' cone-ing videos! You guys are hilarious and I hope to meet you again(:
OK, is this reason enough to visit Philly?
truly racist.
Dec. 8th invades among other hot models!! || www . itstopnotch . com for more info!! ||
after seven is probably best and I am not sure where.
it does feel weird not being at the renaissance with
I was hoping for a nice spring day today but instead the same old gloom. I hate that groundhog. #liesfromagroundhog #didntyougetthememo?
you will love the music video im making
Rationalization (rational lies) --Steven Covey
Thank you. Whats ur thoughts n feelings of how J Crawford would fit here
If she's responsible for your smile, be responsible with her heart.
Richard Elliot- Mystique
That's sad. The short version of the Kia Superbowl ad cuts out the wife entirely.
Yo im Looking for a connect to do a video this summer lets talk money holla atya boy
That's that ishh that drives me crazy
To mean for no reason.
Eating Barbecue, can't wait to go watch the fireworks(:
Need to make a trip to #Houston soon
Gonna get some pass da line tickets for
Aw group hug ??? Amy lubs yall 😘 RT : Yep RT : Being a single parent is so hard
So tired ad its only wednesday So much to do and not enough time
top 20% in the country!!
The universe has been constantly making my way home more difficult. It's being a jerk at this point, I get it.
Our next show is on Monday at jammin java in Vienna, VA! Who needs tickets?!
Enjoy the sun and stars, Fellow Tweeters! Peace out.
Back from #roadtrip and now straight into a week of presentations. tomorrow, then three days at AAM.
Like the Red Sox Alley Page on Facebook #redsox and follow
After midnite at the Budget Hearing - nearly 50 speakers supporting the Arts tonight!
That's what they thought, too - so glad it's gotten positive reviews!
There is no way to describe the feeling I get when your own child tells you they love you...
I'm in Baltimore. Interesting way to get to ABQ, but here I am. You still at BSBO?
Starting not to give a fuck
I want my hair to grow!
lack of demand. Lead is cheap, readily available & sold widely. Other metals are expensive & poor sellers.
Hey Ryan, I have an extra comp tic for opening night of my show and I thought of you. It's Friday May 25th 8pm. You around?
Steve and I need to get you some Uncle Jim's Pepper Mustard samples down there...DM us your address and we'll shoot you some!
Lemme find out someone had a crush on me this WHOLE year at this rachet school and did not tell me til just now aw this is depressing...
What can be seen is physical, but the reward will always remain spiritual.
Just witnessed the Grand Canyon..
Some time..;)
Dominion is really a game changer.
you're right, I think lebron took care of that job all by himself
I'm hiring again! Looking for someone experienced in customer service and social media. DM me for details.
My mom, who thinks I'm too focused on blog/career, just sent me a link to a matchmaking site. Oye.
I am following fm IN. Didn't have to get out in cold!
Wtf kind of movie is this?!
I hope we get out early...
- hey!! Any thoughts on NYE??
Yesterday at the Navy pier i saw and freaked out, i waved and was screaming hello it was awesome, he is the first celeb i saw
Fun fact: our new album was recorded at Third Eye Blind's personal recording studio. Which obviously means it's BRILLIANT.
"Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot right? But unless they use a strap-on then they not dykes! They ain't about that life"
both dresses are going back
Yo , how bout them Raiders? Lmao
hey guess what the nice doctors in white coats are taking me to the soft padded room and even gave me a hug my self jacket!!
He'll get a raise or some free golden toasters and a parachute. Or SEC job? Fed Governor? Fox News Analyst?
The biggest obstacle to launching a mobile campaign is not cost, it's making a committment to be relevant to your customers or clients.
haha really?! I can picture that!
What's your #modovation ?
Help us get to 200 followers! Tell your friends to follow us! and go "LIKE" our facebook page!!! facebook.com/missinginalaska
I'll be there.
Miserable. wearing a long sleeve uniform in a building with no air conditioning : ( ice cream time? i think so
That's the stuff, Irish! 74 to 67 OT.
This dudes nuts.
The Heat are slippin' right now
Dry Creek, (the best VBs in town), Rudz, and Beck's Prime!
My social life is hanging by a thin thread.....
hopefully more will come your way :) ..very cool stuff
Strange def of Social Reference.I would think of it as avoiding the "come to library w/ your ?"& instead engaging ppl n conversation.
Need a better way to manage distribution of clinical materials? We streamline the inventory, kitting and delivery of all clinical documents.
I wish nusrat fateh ali khan was still alive.
A girl either farted real loud or i don't know what that sound was. That's embarrassing.
bout to hit da tattoo trap soon
when is it?!
Wow.. That's hard. If he picked Selena I would literally hate him.. Smh
Back at the beach
Just bought the Mini Ab Circle Pro tonight on HSN. Thanks for being such an inspiration Jennifer! XOXO
thanks for the RT! :)
o okay
Hm, maybe he is coming around.
Finishing touches on the practice space at 216am
My fingers they itchin they itchin for the paper- future
Must be volleyball Thursday...scattered storms this afternoon with a wind advisory going into tomorrow!
Whew! Thanks! Nice play by Arias at the end.
welcome to the fold brother !! Ask Peyton Manning we support our players 150%
Somebody Text Mee . . . !
I love my team, man I'd die for them niggas
Can anyone recommend an Austin company that specializes in building NOC furniture?
Hahaha it's ok. His thousands of other family members drive the other cabs.
Definitely true. Albert has played well against some of the best in the game including Jared Allen & Dwight Freeney
Is watching "I Love You, Beth Cooper"
i've been riding back and forth visiting family im going back home now. i'm gonna be riding for 4 hours.
Yankees payroll is 197mil, not even close
Agreed! RT like Maine's notion that 1:1 & OER go hand in hand: spend $ on 1:1; use less $ 4 content (OER instead)
omg. Where r u??! Are you okay?!
Sounds fun! San Fran is awesome!
New Happy Hour at Mike Shannon's M-F, 4-7, 1/2 price premium wells, beer, wine and appetizers!! come in and check it out!
need to catch up with you asap about event invites!
RT : Milwaukee VA Hospital Gains New Spinal Cord Treatment Center: The Department of Veterans Affairs has awarded a $.. http ...
#Pens need to wake up and start getting to Bryz
No More End-Of-Grade Tests !!!!!!!! All Dontt......Now Whee Just Have Sumatives :(
no problem(; like seriously why aren't you famous?!(;
It's almost time for #CMLbookchat. Let's give thanks for books, reading and libraries.
Amazing! RT Midnight In Paris sound track #1 on Amazon jazz album charts!
“: Going to see my pictures and video tomorrow #SOEXCITED”... Can't wait to show you !!!
lol! I don't mind watching th vid!! Wanna see what I missed anyways!!
At #Oblio's with Aaron Nett and
Walmart Price Rollback on Bikes for the Whole Family - kids bikes at walmart
Hey there !!
I follow u back ^^
Thanks for the RTs and the "Woo hoo"! That's how we always feel too.
Shut up jay.
My daughter Tiffany and I...when I still had hair....ouch!
The #Pens have got to quit these cute little behind the back passes. They are not ending up on the right teams' stick.
so am I. Its kinda like instagram
Just got word dat DaJuan Blair & Stephen Jackson frm da San Antonio Spurs will be in the buildin tonight CLUB KLUSOZ ITS GO BE LIVE AND ...
follow Me Back !!!!!
he followed me a couple of days ago and i hope you could follow me too please!
At lunch! Did ya'll know that half a cup of grapes only has 31 calories?! OMG I LOVE GRAPES!! :D
oh... well then.. haha idk how to do it! It seems complicated! I'm just going to continue reading a fanfic haha
Thank you for tonight :-)
. is showing hex editor screenshots of Jonathan Larson's files--- "antiquarian technology" that began c. 1978.
Excited to head to the #frenchbroadriverfestival and meet some new friends!
Long day...time for bed.
Thanks for the shout out!
Everytime ...RT : Ever rub a girl leg upwards and feel like u coressing cactus
Time for some game of thrones!!!
Fine it got eaten by sharks ^.^ End of story ima do a book on how you fell in the ocean
Everyone Says I'm Evil ... *Evil Laugh* I'm Not Though.
Why is every1 rushing to comment on story? It's on MULTIPLE sites, just go read it there
Aye you're the sweetest! Xoxoxoxo :]
Back on my Shit... feeling Myself ...no X's ...just $'S..#Mr.MoneyMaker..it's almost 8:00 studio Time! !!
Thank you. And thank you for following.
Also, Davis rode my fantasy bench last four weeks and then explodes!
"No person was ever wise by chance." - Seneca
Thanks for the opportunity to present to the Amplify team yesterday. Good discussion/debate, and great feedback from your team.
omg I've totally done that before, ahahaa!!
I've been there before, but I guess I've never gotten the right thing. Man, hash browns with red Chile...<drool>
Great meeting you at the After-Party at THEA, what a great night to enjoy short films and meet you!
you in my 'who to follow < i'd rather not look at your face
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER!
did you know?????/ In China, cooking is an art.
Derek Rose
great!! Happy it's the weekend. How about y'all?
He's the real deal! Like a musical troubadour and Guy Fierri all in one! Oh wait...
On my way to the SSIHM archives in Immaculata, PA and running late. Let's hope they are more forgiving than they were in high school.
agreed! I thought it was fantastic!
Been up, listening to NOTHING but R&B Cuts all night, Quoting em on fb.
Lots of talk about a pending Pacers/Heat series. Seems premature. Still have to close out this series. Do it tonite and let the talk fly.
can email you the lyrics for EP and more in depth details if you want to DM us your contact info. Or ours
Thanksf Art. That's great to know!
Can't wait to see the video Mc been working on all day.
dropped a class to focus on #jstechhelp. i'd rather learn digital marketing by DOING, rather than sitting in a classroom...
Premiere of "VIP" By produced by , Directed by , at midnight.
shake it up is the best show I ever watched lol u and Bella r the best u rock XD
taking small, divine #action steps to move my vision forward today.
Oh yeah
ABQ is a wasteland of the brainwashed. I don't hope you all die. I know you will all die. Fuck you all.
Good day to all!!!
Thanks! It's great to see the number going up! So far so good. :)
*sigh of envy* Closest thing we have is Woodhenge @ Cahokia Mounds across the river.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe they're is always gonna be some bitch trynna be better than you.
haha my dad knows the guy that's fixing it up
We miss u....u need to get on!!
Thankful for the supporters. Henry Stone Frank Raines,Dave Griffiths & Kenny Dope along with Sharon Jones & The Dapkings & Will Sessions,
Y Ministry and I are Broke..gave it 7 long years...Going to stop the web sight and My Ministry...Can't pay the bills on Hope and Visions
MY LLAMA WAS COMMITTED TO AN INSANE ASYLUM FOR PRETENDING JUSTIN BIEBER CRASHED HER WEDDING. BIEBER, BAD LLAMA
I don't care stop sendingg this shit
Every time one of my terribly behaved cats takes a distant shit in a sandbox I feel as though it lands directly in my nose.
Not sure, but I'm fairly certain it's season 5, right before R&E's vows are renewed.
Loving the sun!
Any #NCAA restrictions on running a summer college volleyball pick-up league? Can't find any info on your website...
Looking for gas pressure washers? Check this Camspray 3000HM
appear uncertain as to their political role in effecting change, whether they merely provide a space in which one can feel free
Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence
Maybe for later is a result that shows "users that have added [video] interests"? For now, you can click the Interest that shows
Actions > words
your plans to adopt a kid have been LEAKED !! ha ha !!!!
Warren Ballentine We think about money in 1 of 2 ways, big money or no money
MSNBC now saying the Mexican border is not dangerous.
thanks for the RT
Friends. Sports. Water balloon fight. Bon fire smores. Perfect Sunday.
Just saying, if we focus too much on sex scandals of any candidate, aren't we just perpetuating distorted and inflammatory media coverage?
Armada fair demo derby. :) xx
GOOD NIGHT FOLKS
Thanks, ! The feeling is definitely mutual. Hope you have a fabulous week :) xo
“: The more society INVESTS in professional nursing the better the outcomes society will see in health.”
I'm talking about home video rights. Like with Negima!, the DVD's have been OOP for years, but it's still streaming.
Chiana:Those fancy mattresses got nothing on the pile of dirty laundry...I'm...sleeping on...right...now...z...
Going to Georgia...AGAIN.!
hey I just saw this.. Are you feeling better? :(
My mom sent me to da wrong job corps
Thanks!! :) Pleasure to meet!
Donating blood is always a good thing. If you want, donate platelets...just as important, and you can donate more often.
Told someone in the elevator that I was from Kentucky. She said, "to be honest, why would I ever want to go to KY?" I wanted to slap her.
Highest grade I got in 4 years of high school was probably a B....my lowest grade in my first year.... Is a B
I hear ya.... But funny to them say they're canning KO for lacking "values of respect" -- and then replacing him with Spitzer!
“: I just want to go on a drive :/” alright let's go!
my fav Freeman roles are Lean on Me, seven, and Lucious Fox in Batman
Hold the spray paint, grass is a growing at Texas Tech
Thanks to all for the wonderful support of our congressional campaign! - JDG
Wild pitches for the wild pitches god!
quiet around here today - no one even called when the library website was down!
Can we just fast forward threw all the hard shit in life and avoid the bumps and rocks, no because those bumps and rocks make you stronger.
Quiet Night is upon us! Remember to get here early if you're performing. Hot (adult) cider & (normal) tea will be happening :)
New line of storms developing from Wonewoc to Ithaca in Juneau, Sauk and Richland Co. Downpours/small hail possible.
marquisadeshawn#yobitv Can't wait to get on the plane and come to Detroit
Anthony Davis
how do you get the tickets.....website?
just april fools. I found out raina did that when I got home from work. Lol
Stylized selects. Why did it have to be stylized selects?
Whiskey > Fitness, clearly ;-)
Off to bed everyone have a good night!
ME AGAIN LOL “ Gemini might make you laugh by mimicking a sound heard outside the window. He's random like that.”
7th Wedding Anniversary Dinner w/ CHEERS to Us!!
yes sir
A recent study has shown that playing beer pong contributes to the spread of mono and the flu. Yeah, if you suck at it.
Beliebers! Lets start a trend! Lets get him to live chat :D
I think I do more street promotion than online.
def... lol jk i will, but tryng to get them to go... good luck!
But can I get that massage tho lol
Yep, we do. We always have. :-) Definitely follow him and come out to his next show!
it went from peaceful to obnoxious within seconds. My coffee shop will have a noise policy.
100 Years of Being the Fenway Enemy As Fenway Park, the oldest and perhaps most venerated building in professional sports, celebrates its
Night Twitter ..Haven't heard from my Bf in 2weeks ...
Having some fast food tonight yumm!! =)
wow this is retarded ... I just know my mom is gonna make one. Why are they joining twitter?!
Okay give me 20 minutes
I need help. So what it be worth it skipping a day of classes to go to the TM even in SF?
Nothing like being indoors on a rainy day and playing Charades!
Digital History has made me sign up for a Twitter account...Lets see how this goes.
I don't think so :( And I read Shane doesn't want it. But I really would like them to be together too.
I don't get this trend of announcing a blog post "via" people who had nothing to do with it. I thought 'via' meant 'by way of'.
Nokia Faces Uphill Battle - Redmond Developer News
i'm going after pictures
“: Greatness unfolds in response to great challenge. Marianne Williamson”-SO TRUE
: Can you bring my cards tomorrow please? c:
Never throw to Venus on a spider 3 Y banana.
I think I missed you in my #ff callout this time - sorry 'bout that!
Is your name Daisy? Mine is and I don't meet many people with my name :)
Will do. Thanks
not blaming conductors. How about putting extra workers on during busy weekends like this?
no more moronic than your stupid comments
Just got rid of one patent troll to find another one on my desk. Worse than a virus.
“: great to see you again. I hope this bunch gets organized and we get some positive change going. We need it!”//Amen!
Thanks...and you look marvelous.
there is nothing really like enjoying a hot bowl of soup on the day of the first chicago snowfall
Progressive social media and IT policies will be key to attracting talent.
If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guys gloves touch ur lips, cuz you don’t know where his glove has been
Just got out my iPod at Crazy Rockin Sushi. Best sushi. Worst music.
Was reading a myth book and a thought popped up. In the next IDC books will new Celtic deities emerge? Credne? Taranis? Macha?
Ipod is fucked up, but for some reason I can still listen to
Just got done swimming (:
Hoops. He could play for Coach Erb someday.
that's worse than wearing a red shirt to Target.
lmaoooooo niggas disrespect and broke the floor
Watching TV and eating cereal on a weekday in the middle of the night cause like Yolo.
i'm at work, i can't control the heat. I have a thicker jacket on. so shut up!!
RT #Leaders who reinvent themselves see things in a whole way, therefore, they drive needed change in their environment.
who me???? Ugh u know I'm bored as hell!!!
Hey guys... I'm back and I will post hourly tweets from now on. Peace :-)
Folasayo Dele-Ogurinde, one of Womanscape artist will be here at 6:30 for today’s Feedback Lecture. Come and cheek it out!
Had a great night at the Club. Gotta get up and get ready to go back to nj in the morning
Prob won't make it to the end, but I'm gonna go on a limb and say Nadal although Djokovic looks good.
. Thanks for the #FF!
I think there has been lack of oxygen in our office nook - that's what has been causing these "special" moments!
Starting to figure out my Oscar predictions now
The next round of fundraising for the MDA Boot Drive is May 3, 5 and 12.
Sorry for the confusion!
Thank you. Happy #FF!
what did u think of
What a beautiful day it is out here! About time NYC!! #Spring!
please tell me you made "Breakfast AMF's"?
Had a blast in Chi, but ready 2 get back on Milwaukee Soil
The awesome costumes are already starting to pour in at Hard Rock Hotel San Diego! This weekend is going to be EPIC!
THINK YOU CAN ACT OR SING.....GET PAID DOING IT. Submit headshots and background info
WTB anti-aliasing for iOS apps.
I don't care what the haters say that movie Hunger Games was good as hell.
hey Soror, I am at a coming out show at Valdosta State Univ. Thanks for the shout out yesterday. Deuces!
Looking forward to meeting with the Petersburg Civil War 150th Committee in historic Chesterfield County, VA.
No respect, no class,then you wander why you at the bottom....Smh
It's the Rickenbacker that does it. The 12-string electric guitar is the greatest sound in the universe. 🎸
so theres this pigeon at my windowsill and i immediately thought of youu ;) xx
gianna can I tell you something??!!
aye' nm, in school.. bored af . you?
you didn't get enough sleep in the assembly?
The Grand Prix race yesterday at Homestead Speedway was more interesting with the rain (all those spin outs) but I got soaked to the bone.
Just tried to send a tweet and it didn't send but it's not in my drafts either, gone forever into twitter cyberspace
Thanks for posting the really fun #photos of my sis from last weekend's event! Great website too!
Have a nice morning filled w/ love
YOU DID IT! 600,000 MAHOMIES <3 YES! CONGRATS :) GO GET SOME SUBWAY TO CELEBRATE !
Anyone who says "Tis better to have loved and lost" clearly has NO grasp on the rules of tennis
agreed. i usually dont eat to much at meals but i could rock a pizza eating contest all day any day lol
Help us connect w/ #RI #fostercare youth & alumni as we seek to establish a collective that empowers through entrepreneurism & self reliance
Did you #google "askew" today?
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 3
not a problem! And perfect timing - I can't get to it before tonight at the earliest
Thanks for the follow, we hope you have a great New Year!
That's right ;) “: wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yaah”
Mega Millions mania, yep, we got it too.
Chrissy who r u dating ???
well, hopefully we'll be touring soon. And cali would be a great place to tour for sure.
My birthday in 2 weeks 2 days!!!
I just sent V.Zloty thee most vulgar text for no reason..lol.
Born To Lose - The Devil Wears Prada (;
My phone won't charge.. awesome !!!!(:
No Lies....New Truths
It depends on the type of procedure. Today most all sx spine procedures can be done using a minimally invasive approach.
#Terps lax with Beat #Duke!
im tired haha im gonna have homework for 2 weeks :(
Feeling GREAT! Had an awesome work out just now. Can't wait to see results! :D
Thanks for the shout-out, Neal!
Installing numpy on the OpenBSD laptop with a view to install Gnuplot.py.
Listening to Check Yr Head, thinking about pouring a 40oz on the curb.
Awesome Blue and Gold dinner BSA rules
I might not make much sense or money or progress, but I make a million excuses a day.
well ur hear enough for it to b so get to steaming hoe
Saw ya covering Cowboys on NFL network this morning. Congrats on new gig. You're doing a reverse tour of NFL dynasties.
oh honey, everyone loves me. you can take me anywhere. I never talk politics, only ebullient wit & humor. ;)
Huge congrats to Miss who ran the #minimarathon while live-tweeting. And she trended in #Indy. That takes skillz. Yes, w/a "z."
what's up with the #sosummit? How do I get in on that action. PS Can't wait to see the t-shirt, "hi, I'm Joey. Let's party"
has the best damn #cupcakes in #Portland! And the best dimples! =]
Antenna-LNA system to achieve narrow beam-width, College of ...
How about the cookies? ;)
When you love a man, he becomes more than a body
Another rockin' #MiamiCharity: , Heightening the awareness of the danger of ovarian cancer
Oh, that sounds amazing! RT : New beverage recipe: seltzer, lime juice & lots of ginger ... so good
yes! Now nothing lol /:
All I can say is I'm sorry.
haha! Took me a while to work out what you were on about;)
Missed Fortune Radio starts this weekend! Ping me for details.
Yes ma'am, right now unfortunately. Can't wait until it stops. :/ No, not yet. I haven't watched tv really. I can't wait!
#NW Money From Strangers (y)
lol i know! but i got u when school is out! and dang ! can't take a joke? sheesh. lOl
Have you tried peach Pinkberry with fresh peaches? It is De-licious!!
That made my day Alex!!(: I Love You<3
wait read all of these from the bottom up cause then you wont get the lemme holla message..
Are you ready for #MothersDay?
Hopefully it'll still be the perfect conference for you come September!
Why Do Black People Have To Be #Smart ? <<<<
some boys don't know how to love? What?
Would def be a prob for me RT Discussing Thomas Mann in Humes. All I can think of is Terrence Mann in Field of Dreams
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, smarter than you think, and loved more than you know.
i'm sure the anticipation is just KILLING you...don't worry, should be unveiled soon.
Shiny iridescent bandaids can't perform my patented "thumb booboo" technique.
congrats, is so glad you're safe!
U.S. Economic Growth Slows to 2.2% Rate, Report Says Gross domestic product grew at an annualized rate of 2.2 percent, easing from the pr
Industry Models welcomes to the team!!
if you must know, it was the 7-0 Carolina game last year, Game 7 of the SCF and a 6-0 whitewash over the Isles in November.
I know right! She leaves me speechless! Jaw dropping!
So proud that I am finishing our taxes a day early. ;)
I got drinks on meh drinks on meh
UM. Well that explaains alooot lmfao! I hope she's killing conrad
my pleasure! I meant it, and I'm glad that you can use them. I'm happy to be involved as a resource, too.
ask him to join. seems like a cool guy
Working jobs we hate to buy the shyt we don't need
which is clearly different from the original, ad far more costly "wisdom". Good job, naming committee.
Waiting for the stampede of people who confuse 'winery' with the brand
The fox that chases many rabbits catches none.
wow u so lucky did u make a wish???
Watching the same episode.
So happy I got my check in today!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 44
Late night eating <<<<< im done with that!
RT : A freeze warning is in effect for portions of west central Wisconsin late tonight and early Thursday morning.
I followed her can u please follow me
Pailla: Strine said we're looking to you for the temperature of the Student Body. That's what Student Self Governance is for.
Congrats! Can we expect to see it on Kindlegraph soon?
Fact: As income increases, so too do the number of taxis.
They say "no one will listen to us". You are fucking crazy. That's why.
I guess I'm not doing that college program at St Peters College this summer.. Oh well.
Falling in love with Twitter Lists
My heart is not a Lego. Stop playing with it.
Reading "Bird by Bird" as I get psyched for and 's book tour that's coming to DC! My 2nd fav after Grace Eventually.
Wow the mail is fast! We mailed that yesterday evening...lol
Wellgate for Women Gel-Comfort Knee Support, 1 Size
Gonna sleep like a baby tonight :)) .... A dead one.
Hey Everyone! Just added music and a shows page. Keep up to date with all your JOEY ABARTANESS!
Most striking line frm #GameChange. "On all #federalreserve ?s just say any action they took was appropriate."
Everyone in the car! Breakfast at Chick-fil-A!
whats good jeremy told me to hit u up
A zip and a DBL cup!
Tweet it and we can all love it from afar!
Applebees Karaoke=My job therapy
so glad some of the back pain is gone lol still awsum
Give personalized attention, that is key to loyalty
Donald takes back No 1 ranking again Luke Donald has taken back the World No. 1 golf ranking that he lost to Rory McIlroy two weeks ago.
We can understand the feeling of relief, Lauren but we'll miss you. Come back and visit real soon.
Apparently no vibram fives at the store. Ordered online for store delivery next week. So normal sneeks in gym the next few days....
": Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots."
Me for sure.
"Error establishing a database connection" is my porn name
Harvard Square was just conquered by Serasi. No sword needed.
welcome to the club, just got arrived myself. folks are nice here but I keep forgetting their names. i'm sure it'll pass...
"When you have dry wood and you are ready to light a match, social media can ignite that fire." ~ at
to bad your fav Texas fan can't get you the game 1 ticket
I think he is finally healthy and in game shape, Mike Woodsons coaching is also helping alot
BtoBSocialMedia: 10.5 percent of CMOs say social marketing efforts are effectively integrated into their overall marketing s
Can't wait to see and Peter Konz in the same huddle in Atlanta. Pride of Richland Center goes in 5th round to Falcons.
I can't stand a ole Uncle Ruckus ass kissin Nigga!!!!!! Make me wanna shoot they asses on sight!!!!!!
Thank you to and everyone who came out to tonight's #PiChWeek event! :)
Me and one of my peeps gonna dress like hardcore geeks tomorrow...cant wait to see reactions
Hulk smash
Next Show: Friday February 3rd at The Grape Room. Mark your calendars NOW!
slow down you crazy child, you're so ambitious for a juvenile.
Wrapped it up! $90,555 - THANK YOU!!!!
Alison, thanks for the follow as well. We look forward to sharing your tweets with our readers. Have a great week!
join us today be pro active create free account post highlight tapes and photos help colleges coaches find you
congrats on getting 3 million followers Liam! I am proud to be one of them. We all love you so much :)
#FF they are awesome ppl! do it...NOW!
hey pretty ladies how is your day
I see your six and raise you six.
We are at the today! Be sure to stop by-look for us behind home plate!
It's time for some Cozy Comfort Food...Tonight's Feature: Grilled Cheese and Creamy Tomato Bisque...M M Good!!!
Thanks to all for a fabulous weekend of hosting our first NYC Castnig Dorector!
Reminder! Twitter Party coming up on Tues, 5/22 at 8pm! Locally Grown Club! Prizes: Locally Grown Club Boxes
I lost my ride :(
“ that's my friend that proposed. :)” it was awesome, I hereby award him +10000 swag points for it! Congrats to them!
So you're enjoying benefits won for you by the unions and now you're against anyone else having them. Yup, nut job.
In good when in good but Im better when I'm badd
oh, im sorry i didn't realize yu were giving me a dirty look, i jut thought yu looked ugly like that all the time.
Beyondthescoreboard.net I'm interested to see what the plan on doing to get themselves a championship
Publix opened today on ! So happy to have a grocery store just a beautiful bike ride away. Too bad today's high is 55 degrees...
it is when youre too busy frowning, you have to be the change you want to see-ghandi
Also in the words of Breitbart: You're a special pile of human excrement.
Has a little more than one month until Future Leadership Boca 2009 takes off!
everywhere i go all them hoes act the same too
Whenever a woman says, "I hate girls; they're catty bitches," a patriarchy fairy gets its wings.
Just saw a sign for a psychic fair. They need a sign?
It was at a KCAI intern thing yesterday.
No one can motivate you. You must learn what motivates you and motivate yourself.
We are getting ready for the live chat!
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 9
Any time you've got something to shout about & tweet at those for a RT
Somewhere out there, someone is lying in the wet spot right now.
we're going to be in the same boat.
haha fml!!! i'm going to come up with some excuse
Tonight Coffee House! Rachel Platten w/ Bess Rogers & Gavin Jones! Doors @ 7pm! Tix are selling fast... don't miss out tonight!
#gratefultweet: For the arrangement of LASST UNS ERFREUN. Much easier to play than the traditional and sounds just as good.
So these "devastating" defense cuts are moving spending to pre-2007 levels?
#HealthyRelationships What is your standard and why? Many times we want what we see but what do u need in your heart?
was so cracked up on caffeine last night i recorded like 15 based freestyles on random people's voxers... at like 3 AM
Any ideas on set times for Low End Theory SF tomorrow? It would be very handy to make sure that I do not miss
Finally back on twitter ! Haven't been on this website In a while.
no doubt... But got to go with the SEC on Monday...
Quote of the Day: Jumping for joy is good exercise!
"They'll want to talk immediately." - Dona's opinion of what Pgh audiences will want to do after seeing #StreetcarNamedDesire!
I LOVE Charlie Brown Christmas!!!!
Slow jazz is the music equivalent of the bedazzler
I really don't think it is acceptable to show a death at close range on video. Show a snapshot, but not the whole video.
He gone be out in the summer fam
Yes! I don't see you people often enough.
I like your wordpress article. we should rap sometime about my question: why is there a difference between activist and american
-- hey, check your voicemail and call SoundDiego!
The CEO of Mohegan Sun says the company is serious about becoming the first casino to open in Massachusetts
Revenge is a dish best served cold. Get ready Indiana.
I wish I was at the show in #hollywood .Instead I will just listen to their music.
Another nice day
that was such a tremendous beer.
Many's the day the excellent packed lunch gives way to deep-dish Green Mill.
Happy mothers day to my second mother
I declare the hummus a success!!!
I will die if both Tayler and Alaric dies! if that happens, I want a happy ending will it happen?
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing beautiful mothers out there who work extremely hard to raise there kids.
#NFAIS Ratan - following information off the page by tracking copy/paste info to see how it's used.
I went home to Ja. recently, had the best Callaloo dish my father a rastafarian cooked it with carrots. I had it with bananas/dumplins...yum
hi.low
Uh, somebody Shot me :D
no one here at work except me and one other person. Peace and quite thank goodness for the holidays
lmao that place is dumb right nowm come down to za have some drinks n a slice witcha boy
In 2008, 627,000 businesses opened, & nearly that many closed.
I just want you to have the best Headshots EVER! Please gimme a shout-out since I can't make it.
Wow I was driving like 90 mph to get here thank god I didn't get stopped
the theorist of the routine activities theory are Lawrence Cohen & Marcus Felson
It's snowing almost everywhere else...but not Las Vegas. It's beautiful outside.
Yeah haha. Well, we're awesome
sorry we were hacked! Hope you did not click the link in the dm you got.
Aww... Still cool though. Look forward to seeing those photos on your site :)
lmao good call! Idk why I even try, hot chics on talk shows never pay off, w few exceptions, that I can't think of right now ha!
BRYAN ARE YOU GOING TO VIDCON!? <3 ...SEXY TIME
the first three hours was fun but then it got boring af
Tough loss, 4-2. They played hard and left it all on the ice.
Second person I've seen in two days reading Into Thin Air on the T.
are you on the bus?
I bet you knew my favorite channel is Syfy right? Now you do. If any1 sees an opening on career builder for a "Ghostbuster" holler at me.
How did i miss the davis litho show? I may be horid at maming lithos, but love the history of it...
I also like Vanilla. I need try Cookies & cream Glad you like it! Muscle Milk!!!!!!
Just checked stats behind our Christmas Demolition game. We had over 3000 unique players of which 54 were playing on Xmas day!
The official NLDay is May 12th but we are encouraging hands-on learning projects all yr long! check out www.nationallabday.org/about
"You dont actually hit people in sword fights !"
Some guy who sounded like Darth Vader just called and asked me on a date. I have no idea who it was, I don't know Darth. Is it a trap?
heck ya I'm interested! It's a weekend I hope?
what a line-up!
Bitch, please. You've had more relationships than my grandparents have had birthdays.
ugh, is the nastiest tranny I have ever had the displeasure of witnessing!
Looks like last night was a hit! Sad to miss.
I'm super excited! Sans Souci...French phrase and my life motto..or I try to live by it anyway :) (means no worries/care free)
NYC #1 PRINTING & GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY! GET 5000 FULL COLOR POSTCARDS FOR ONLY $175> LOG TO www.800printingnyc.com
sorry but idk who you are lol and I will Darian don't worry :)
I love the childish tantrums of "adults" in public.
": mistake, after mistake , after mistake ...when will I learn ?!"not until u lose sumthin special unfortunately
awww! Looking forward to meeting the troublemaker ;) she's cute! Xoxoxo
Thank you thank you
you should be tweeting us in French Jane! How is it going over there? All bets is still asleep!
I'm sorry.. Max you'll get it eventually..
Paul finally found a perfect place to use his sitar guitar pedal in one of our new tunes. Wish he has his old sitar back though.
Hey #sschat! I'm Michael from Massachusetts. Great to be here.
2 exams down, one more to go, and move out.. Then summer!!!
We are getting ready to announce the WINNER of the 4 HOUR RENTAL!!!
Lady Gaga much?
RT : If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it. -Luke Parker
Taking the tres banderas highway to the obsidian dome.
The funeral for Mike Wallace is going to be fairly brief, about 60 minutes.
aw bb thank you.
“ "Death before dishonor" signs: #Taurus, #Leo, #Scorpio, #Aquarius”
MAJOR winter storm to likely impact Midwest, Great Lakes and portion of Ohio Valley and East US next Tues-Thurs...stay tuned
"DO NOT DRINK. SMOKE WEED INSTEAD!" HAHAHAHA!
the Depot has its own fashion design contest that airs on AM-NW. My mom was watching today.
And suddenly all my suspicions about Rick Perry are confirmed.
Yeah, that looks pretty awkward alright!
Live life to the fullest!!
Go to bed gurl
Just installed Thanks guys.
? As anyone tried WEN by Chaz hair? Specifically African Amer females. Pls let me know the outcome. Thanks
Who has 2 thumbs and tickets to Game 3 of the Miami Heat/Indiana Pacers series? This guy!
Just saw the list of Oscar nominations, what a weak year for movies. 2011 was one of the worst movie years of my lifetime.
I'm damaged from the inside. I've been broken. Don't threaten me with what you think I feel. If you could read my mind you'd be in tears.
holy crap that's a whole lot of freaking pizza! Actually no, sorry. Spring break kinda occupied my mind insted of the question
I know right I found someone who stole mine and I took it back x) jk
Not to pile on, but is still a daily?
I'm still Fuckin wit the bulls even without they capt.,,,
Thanks everyone for coming to our show last night! Glad you could all make it, and we hope you all had as much fun as we did!!!
thanks for the RT! Great newsletter!
CONFESSIONS OF A SLIGHTLY NEUROTIC HITWOMAN by JB Lynn :'I should have known that my plan to go home and spend a nice quiet...'
I'm hoping Chelsea fixes my world of football. Let's go!!!
Let me be clear, those Navy Seals would have never died if the tea party would have let us raise taxes!!! It's their fault, not Barack's!!!!
"Don't be a drag, just be a queen" from "Born this way" by Lady Gaga. 개인적으로 짧지만 한동안 계속 여운이 남았더라는;
": I've got a lot of work to do but I'm stoked. Get off the tracks the Ann train is coming to blow your mind. Thanks "
Delayed for going on 4 hours...still sitting in the NOLA airport
Relocating to Atlanta after graduation. Looking 2 break into :-) marketing or sales
How Do You Share #Video? Tweet us your thoughts!
We'll be catering the Texas Omicron tailgate this Saturday. 200+ people! We'll also be open & serving out of the shack on 24th & San Antonio
It's Wednesday, you know what that means! Kiddie Cafe at 10am, food, drinks, coloring sheets, puzzles and more all in Cafe 300!
RT: : FARK: "AT&T is getting married to T-Mobile. There will be no reception afterwards"
Very cool guys! Congrats!
I love using
that's absurd 😳
Networking party..Thursday March 3, 2011 @ Legends 6 W 33rd St. New York, NY. Doors open @ 8PM!! Dance, drink and NETWORK
at least you're consistent Jim.
regardless of what we think is right on this. It is her daughter and her money.
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book
Take a deep breath,Reminding myself that im the bigger person. Whew help me Jesus
I really look forward to The Avengers!
There is a 4ft moat around my apartment. Where can I get a drawbridge?
First day at Portland Picture Frame!
Been a min since I played on Twitter~>
Had a real good jiu jitsu and wrestling week this week now it is Friday!!!
Tiger tiger tiger.
Thank you for your support!
Commish Gary Bettman says they'll decide after the #olympics if the players will be in for 2014 in Sochi.
Brees "Sproles = Bush"...takes a lot of value away from L. Moore
Damn I'm bored
Hi Keri welcome to the Land of Lincoln.
People like you are the reason people like me need
About to board 1st leg of flight to Seattle. There is an older gent playing Johnny Cash songs in his guitar at this gate!
nice air ball tonight now zip it!!
ha, I often feel that way. :)
no one appreciates anything I do for them.
Come support your tigers in their first home game of the year tomorrow at 7pm on Patterson Field!
hey guys.
I seriously don't wanna be on this earth anymore... It's so corrupt, stupid and boring..
Seriously NO ONE will take my damn shift today....wtf
#united New system at airport makes you log in again to print duplicate boarding pass. Small annoyance. Fix, please.
on set from the models they talk about Molly :s ??
#FrancesTheMakeUpGuru : BITCHES! IF YOUR FACE DOESN'T ATLEAST MATCH THE COLOR OF YOUR HANDS A LITTLE BIT, YOU HAVE A BIG MU'FUGHIN PROBLEM!
2012 films! #5. Burn After Reading (2008). This film just gets better with each viewing. A brilliant dark comedy by the Coens.
Take that Flacco bashers...happy now : Ravens working out QBs Kyle Boller and Dennis Dixon Thurs.
Will do babycakes! RT : hurry up and tour through Utah so I can shamelessly fangirl over you.
Ridiculously fine
You ol' son of a bitch, you.
thais math packet is not happening right now.
Don't let a lot of rain get between you and your breakfast. Eggs served till 3pm everyday...
"reports are that the heartland sound of Michael Stanley is great" Think of a heartland sound that isn't??
I'm all the way out here in a whole lotta nothin Midland, when I could be back home taking care of business >:[
Turn up the #music, turn down the drama.
RT if you think Casanova should be on #Glee!
I have Brees/Ponder, also made a deal that brought me in Bradford
#celebfavshow RT : Is it worth it to not see the premiere of Breaking Bad so I can have 2 back to back next week?
I am-- totally harmless!
#NAKEDatDENNYS with my band and 520
Re-watching Cities of Light: Islamic Spain on local PBS digital station; a bit basic for me but v little done on the period and the people
girl yes. Booty shorts. Haha. But if she do work I mightt can get a ride. I'll try hard .
You did well though, didn't you? :)
#LunchAndLearn today at 11:30am ! Today’s presentation is from Gilead Pharmaceutical. Lunch provided!
NASHVILLE, CLARKSVILLE, MURFREESBORO! FOXX will be in Clarksville FRI 12/23 & is available to do FEATURES! SPECIAL PRICE
all that frivolous shit is cool, but heart, soul, and being a champion for the human spirit is where I'm at widdit.
Blessed are the cracked & broken, for they shall let in the light. ~unknown
I'm so glad! Hope you're enjoying everything! :)
Q3 Saying it again. In svc biz, employee personal brands are already merged with employer brand. For better or worse.
Somewhere near Salt Lake, they have this warehouse where they're growing dozens of Mitt Romneys.
Sounds like in order to connect Canon XHA1 to new iMac you have to use a FireWire 400 cable with a FireWire 800 adapter!
Hahaha yes. She's such a hippie! I can see her being such a pothead in the 60's
Straw Dogs is NOT scary at all!!! But TONS of hot guys!!
I hate it when doors open on their own.
Do it :D
Enough of the #whitneyhouston coverage. Let her rip
Why thank you. :)
I dunno, but now I want pepperoni pizza!
too bad...you created this and so I will follow
I tried the flat wound when GHS came out with them years ago.. Haven't since tho...
u also have a dog?
A valuable service, I'm providing.
follow back?
But pointless like all my other 4,995 tweets
Rex Lee said "beautiful" about DNA imprints
Absolutely Dave! Had a wonderful one! Hope you did the same!
Go hard or go home and going home aint an option
Dear coffee cart guy. Coffee is not supposed to look gray. Ever.
is there some link that I can see his speech?
beyond pissed off
Always do new things constantly! Rememeber- 'He who expands his horizons will find the right road!'
