Happy #KyOaks Day!
always! you've been a great Twitter partner! RT : Thanks so much keep in touch!
Oh WOW. Exam tomorrow, debate/speech tomorrow... Have a done anything to prepare for this? Nope!
Ur know there's a book to
haha my bad!
Hey Melissa! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Having second thoughts about Scona :/
fireflies - owl city
You're show distracted me from memorizing lines last night! Absolutely hilarious!!!!! Off to the dog park today :)
You should be angry right about now, Jets fans. Yell loudly.
Not sore at all from insanity yesterday. What a pleasant surprise.
I'm gonna have to take a shirtless picture when I'm done
you can test that out this weekend... We'll have a 4 hour practice 😒
Lil kim don't need do anything for Ya 'LL haters!! Its all about the fans and what they want, so sit down shit stopping now!!!
Apparently, we have reached Brooklyn. RIP
": so much to unlearn". And so much of my ignorance to discover
not right now.
Takeing A Long Shower And Juss Standing Under The Water Thinking About LIfe !
your writers must really be bored with the lockout!
Just posted a slightly different mix of my song "Plans", and a pre-final mix of a jazz waltz called "Sad Cafe". I'll be making a couple...
my phone isn't working 😔
My nephew wakes up asking about the damn tablet
lol very true :p
Did you go dark for #SOPA?
My motto. Always better to be Over prepared then disappointed than under prepared and overwhelmed.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-15
yup same slow alien lol
#LovelyLiamTo3Million yeah I really want him 2
hurry up bro lol
We're 2-2 over our last 4 games. It's happening.
good luck 2 everyone takin finals
the only term paper i have to do is about bob dylan. sweet.
Drooling over new kicks on I do love me some Asics.
At more than 7 pounds per person per day, Americans lead the world in trash generation. About 70% of that trash ends up in landfills.
Dont get lost in the smoke hold my hand if you need to, fiendin for your touch but dont start thinkin i need you
Was that before Bo Ryan and "Soulja Boy"?
The transformer blew up! Lights went out! In the bathroom tryin to have some privacy nd my BF is in the bathroom with me!! Smh
Happy Birthday Grandma 80 and still a kicking love you. :-)
I give you my best, why does she get the best of you?
Moving on is simple, it’s what you leave behind that makes it so difficult.
#YouCantBlameMe Running the radar is long and hard, and when I'm alone in a squad car with my thoughts...so am I. No shame in that.
Banana nutella gluten-free crepe goodness, with chocolate milk.
Jury selection bill signed by Gov Brown, making it clear that judges must allow adequate time for attorneys to question prospective jurors.
Yes. The wind was fierce last night & it's been continuous rain too RT ": Really? Up in Carlsbad, we have sun!"
New Video: This is my little sister. She's super modest, but I think she's awesome. Reddit, please help me surprise her with a ton of views
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
It's official. Robert E. Lee is #POTY1862. Emory Thomas rejoins us for your questions, comments, and tweets. Join the conversation!
Words can be very powerful. Why not use them to lift someone up today rather than knock them down?
midway airport
Such sad news to hear of Rich Brenner's death ... veteran Sports anchor, passionate #NASCAR fan & solid friend
great name! he looks like a sweetie.
dang! That sucks. An yea I just don't really know anymore. But dude I can't wait until believe comes out!!
Lot's of composing this week. Feeling good.
Congrats to Katie!
I'm glad uapproached it in this manner to educate. Even in this way, bullies will still feel empowered to lash out than change
Haha thanks for the heads up :))
“: Heading down to in Bmore to rock it with Stoked!! Going to be a good night 4 the funky $hit!”
When doing the sheer mesh trend... PLEASE do not wear a trashy bra underneath.. we have no desire to see your underwear
had it last night
ha ha! I'm pretty sure these same guys tried to get me to buy something in the Franklin parking lot last wk.
World Series of Poker on tv from 6-11:30pm tonight.
Fucking sucks!... But is good to know!!!
Hello teachers at #hcdsb - I'm in Columbus, Ohio. Impressed recently by how much my son (5th grade) got into 1st blog assignment.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste
home runs all around!!! #txrangers Cruz Beltre
I am pumped for Extreme Rules too!!!
- wonder if that includes screenplays??
What's Alex's girlfriends twitter?:)
Have fun! Don't be a d-bag! at #ug8 my thoughts exactly. Can't wait to work with you!
The Feelies! Sold Out Bell House
I Text Her Back And Tell Her 'Its Life'
congratulations mondo! I've been waiting a long time to be able to buy your amazing designs :) you deserve it
I loove family time. When we tell stories.
The best thing about pets is they love you unconditionally, never talk about you behind your back, and don't care what you look like.
Apparently you're not allowed to 'eat' in Vegas. meh
awww wow you are so amazingly awesome! =X <3 thank you!!! and i am not too bad how about you? =))
The past is over due don't live in a world of make believe..we just hang here waiting for the days of tomorrow- p.s.s
Normally I make an effort to look halfway decent before I go to main. Today is not one of those days.
I won't throw it out, this bar of Irish Spring stays here with me. Just can't do it.
Fabulous. They are adorable. Love their accents! Grazie.
So what are you gonna go until then? ):
I noticed when you called me the wrong name.
No more #SundayLibrarian shifts until September! (Unless someone gets sick... no one better get sick...)
Best way to avoid someone sitting down next to you on a bus... eat taco bell for breakfast.
"Question... If there is like and love. What is that feeling right before love called?..." Twitterpated!!! :-)
Hope it's been a good day for you! Where did you end up golfing?
WOW! what a punch
The numbers are very telling. In a race which held no significance to Walker, his numbers are 100,000 more than Falk and Barrett combined!
" I'm sure the former students of Columbine are feeling pretty safe right about now. This is a sick & twisted decision
Wait just a second. My grades are due in not Friday the 4th but Monday the 7th? Awesome!
Guys, this could be really serious. Has Jeff Bagwell ever denied being a child murderer? How is he not in prison?!
i'm still up! stress-induced insomnia :(
Maybe they are goin in to buy one?! Lol
dynamicbeautyexpo I want to be a vendor 4 ur south beach beauty expo. Inbox me..
That Roberto's we had last night is so not agreeing with us today.
hehe, drafting decisions in #PiratesDBG are perplexing :)
I have no where to go smh... Its sad that I have no where to stay in times like what I face..
welcome :D
forgot to turn on my call agent this morning. Been on the sticks for 1.5 hrs already
how do I get your fan mail address ? <3 7
Your personal visit will help you better understand the plight of our city's homeless & put a smile on the faces of our guests.
follow back?(:
Heard the movie is really good. It's Joss Wedon so good examples of strong, capable women to expose your bambino to.
Let's get the fist pumping fucking started!
Great job on the story and video too!
looking forward to our team camp feb 2/27-3/1 lots of climbing
Watched Tron today and regretted not seeing it at the theatre. The thing about perfection is that it's unknowable.
So go ahead, keep treating me this way, you WILL regret it one day, I swear.
Woot! My free shirt from MailChimp is here!
Here's to the Directioners who knew Niall's teeth were beautiful before he got braces.
She has more than one song?
Thank you for the shoutout!
That was a hilarious tweet.
So focused, bout to make some REAL MONEY!!! ...
Feeling depressed over a bad review
"I'm a Club Goodwill member and now I'm an AmazingGoodwill follower."
RT : Tomorrow night 7-7:30 on ESPN, Stephen A tries to convince me Tebow-to-Jets will be a disaster.
You know you're in WI when ... people are riding around in convertibles with tops down (cars, not people) because it's 60 degrees outside.
lol just a hole thru the middle of his hair for wind to go thru for aerodynamics in the atom
US Sen. Kay Hagan at ETS/CGS forum: Not enough people w/ advanced skills, graduate degrees to fill jobs in parts of NC, US.
It is so hard being attractive and desirable, and yet... you wouldn't put on the bubba joe bob teef. Wouldn't give it up. I asked...
you are abusing my god change your way of living
So tired!
haha it's like the theme song thingy lol
Crazy that a 12 men on the field penalty cost the pats the game.
upshaw or hill, I think. They're not into high picks for centers.
is that the 12th - the 15th?
What is the solution? RT : I have a permanent solution to homelessness.
thanks for the follow
2 nights in a row of infield softballs got my nuts hatin me.... were talkin bout practice... practice.. man
my youngest daughter has Hypatia as her middle name.
Had a great time fishing!!
No School For Me
you would have been fine. We have been calling you guys out on the post game schow for not stoping by!!
Pali pool will be closed Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.. Therefore, NO 6am and 11:30 am workout on Friday
Yo - What did you think of China when you were there? I'm thinking of taking a trip.
Two days with no Internet due to BT outage in my area. #btfail has forced me into the crappiest Cafe Nero in the city full of screaming kids
Friends kid: "Old time phones were tied to walls and you couldn't play angry birds. All you did was talk."
Nevermind about packing for rockford, gonna pack next week.
I can't wait until u post more parts to the James story!!!<3
what up people table nine is up and running on facebook
Dammit who put that question mark on the tweet? For the last time, anything you put on that prompter she will read!
Join us this weekend at the Market Square in San Antonio, TX to celebrate mothers day.. performin live sat n sunday 6:30pm
Definitely! Good times!
the buttercream frosting is perfect, and I'm convinced it tastes better because it's cute too! ;)
I'm in the FOX 12 Traffic Center this morning, filling in for Tony! Tune into Good Day Oregon from 4:30-9:00 AM.
Even if Steve Blake scores 20 tonight and goes 6/8 from deep, they should still dump his ass this summer.
I finally saw that #Nuggets spot. You look amped! Not as amped as I was on the other day, but amped.
I got a Little Mermaid one last night along with a bunch of neat school supplies.
loving this weather
#youmightbeanautismparentif you tell your child "GOOD JOB!" For putting their shirt on the right way.
I wasnt bein pushy. We were in the middle of a conversation the other day and she randomly stopped texting me after an hour
Sometimes I stand with the fridge door open for like 15 mins cuz I know no one will yell at me to shut it
my pleasure - you are shaping young girls into ladies who change the world! Look forward to your tweets.
I stand up for my Grandfather who was just diagnosised with pancreatic cancer.
RT : 1.5 Hour with deep heat feel like I can run a marathon now.(figure of speech of...
Looking forward to my FIRST EVER NBA game tomorrow as the visit the #BeMilwaukee ...in Dallas!
To be loved and trusted by those who know us best is life's greatest compliment
I am not afraid to keep on livin Im not afraid to walk this world alone Honey if you stay Ill be forgiven Nothin you could say can stop me
The burrito I just ate from freebirds>>>
WILL U SHAVE ME.
cuz you're a bitch /:
Never underestimate someone's ability to find out the truth
stop by our table at the career fair! We're in the Student Union.
don't you hate it when your battery runs out on your laptop? Only got 4mins to go glad there is power in the name of Jesus - never runs out!
But I was wearing my brand new, diva-tastic Jennifer Lopez for Kohls coat when I fell, so at least I went down in style.
i don't understand why SNL let's people who can't speak host an entire show.
I had another dream of "him" last night. I wish time would hurry...
Three Days Grace - I Hate Everything About You rocks
Yes, but nobody could see my face. RT : were you blushing? dressed up like Spot at children's event at the Tattered Cvr.
GDC will be guest performing with BalletNova on May 4th, 5th, and 6th. Come and join us a wonderful evening at the theater!!
Merry Christmas! Wishing you also a happy and healthy New Year.
haventttt talked to al day...hope he had a good night.!
I'm interested to know what other options the translator went through before ending on "fancy-picture."
tomato tomato its all the same
I have slacked off hard since the WSOP ended, playing a sandbox MMO. My form of a vacation I suppose. I need to get back on the grind tho.
At the 2012 symposium this morning. Lots of young women here! Yay!
no buh she told me to come to the store with her nd when i got in thetruck it fell in the door nd snapped
Sometimes I really contemplate if I should be on ADHD medication...instead of focusing on what I should be of course!
Thanks. Yeah he's more like a hybrid but at close to 7 ft, I can see him in sets where he's at the 5 stretching the D.
it's a noodle thing 
My mail forward became a reply all.. Fuck
Karma? ;) Trees are taller in central Texas, but nothing like the north east USA. It's what makes for big sky, I suppose...
San Francisco excursion end of June to see Foster the People!
This Giants game is unreal. 9th inning, 0-0, both starters (Matt Cain vs. Cliff Lee) still in, game has only taken 1.5 hours so far.
HARD WORK PAYS OFF
Dear media: Please refrain from using "Valentine" in puns. They are passé, and Bobby's heard them all before.
Yea I peeped that! Good stuff! RT After watching that ESPN special whole new level of respect for Bo Jackson.
Madison County Sheriff: Erik J. Weaver
hm....I'll sleep on it.
How long until JoS. A. Bank runs a "Buy one suit, recieve majority stock in our company" sale?
Everyman should know how to handle his meat! Especially when grilling that is. Number Eight for Dad is: Real Grilling by Jamie Purviance
Nice shot!
Thanks Kate!
Singing glamorous at stephs
#stm2012 EBSCO considering moving into OA transactional marketplace...at what cost to institutions & libraries?
“ : I have so much to do, I think I need to take a nap first to prepare. #Excuses #Whatever”//haha so true!😉💤
Actors unite.
*Oh, the Places You'll Go* is also a book that fits you well.
Kinda seems like that movie is about a couple in the hustle? Haha I love you much much more.
haha u can think what u want and i am not cryin am I I'm just sticken up for my mom lol
Yay! *dances around* how are you Kayla? Oh and btw I'm still super excited that I'll be living
I have to get up at 4am, i should go to sleep!
1 business partner in Boston, the other headed to Big Sur. She better bring me a t-shirt (even though it won't be as nice as an OST shirt)!
How about a singing competition where we never see the people until they're eliminated? No names, no faces, just singing.
hope you get better soon dawg, secondary aint the same without you
The next person to tweet "I LOVE SO MUCH!" will get the app. Ready? GO!
only a few more California shoots left...
Thank you all new followers , unfortunately twitter won't let me follow anyone els until I get more followers. I'm trying though! Thankguys!
Time Warner Cable your internet reliability sucks
The fuck I havent been on here in YEARS! but really in like 2 months :p
I'M SO HAPPY IS BACK..I LOVED HER SINCE I WAS YOUNG..I STILL HAVE MY STACEY DASH DOLL...SHE IS THE ONLY WOMEN I ADMIRE EVA!
Angry birds!
hey was up ma. Its been a while
I have no idea where this cut on my wrist came from but it stings so it should go away now.
New EFG rule: no walking upstairs, talking on phone, drinking diet Dr. Pepper in high heels. It doesn't end well.
yay! neighbors to the rescue. I wouldn't rule out the scotch though ;)
That was a FIGHT!!
nice work! wish I was given this option in school
Join me ED ROBINSON for a live interview TODAY. ATLANTA RADIO WGFF 1420 & WATB 1430 AM ON THE CULTURAL VIBES PROGRAM 4 PM
revenue team is making it rain
umm well let me know what u got planned. I have to get ya messed up at least 1 night.. 🎂🍸🍸👍😜
Ask thru poll what people think on a question, show results and then reveal the underlying research
I love #Murs so much, bad man is one of my fave songs. Wish I wasn't in central America so I could go with you
Feeling hopeless.
Have developed disturbing new symptoms... Scary. Will see doctor on Monday, hopefully.
Shout out to the new cover photo couple!
no because I have PICKLES!!! Yeah that's right P-I-C-K-L-E-S. what does that spell???
15 minutes until we raffle off some Wine & Dine tickets. If you want them, you have to let us know!
#parenting accomplishment #23: finally deciphering the myriad of snaps on a cloth diaper!
I just seen somebody from Elementary @ Church. It was kinda awkward though. That feelin when its like U never knew each other, Life goes on.
Genealogy certificates available for holiday gifts. Email for more information. It's a beautiful day in TN.
When you have savored sunshine plus beach locations, have a trip ...
New menu starts today and all drinks are $2 after 8pm. We hope that's worth a RT #Madison!
I wanna be somebody!
Happy Easter to everyone!
no should be in tomorrow
. Agreed! I'm going to film mixology vids w/ Francesco & that would make a great addition. Gonna talk to him right now.
Eric, this really you my friend? If so, glad to see you on Twitter Robert seems to be doing great! Clint Morris
Speaking of motorsports... how's Josh Hodges Racing doing lately??? Check em out!!
#saints that best who dat
Just because they won't be at the Thanksgiving table, doesn't mean that U should forget about them. At least, remember to pray for them.
It's only Tuesday
Morning dolls. Ive been up for ages editing my upcoming book. I hope you like it. Make today count. Focus on your dreams. xoxo Vic
it needs courage to grow up and become who you really are
Never thought I'd see the day when it is 70 degrees at 7:30 in the morning
Standards are wonderful and we must all have them, but limitations can stop growth and creativity.
Wtf you can't treat me like I'm your little bitch who the fuck do you think you are!?! Fuck guys so immature
I knowww! O.o But they didn't cancel the show, so I don't think anything crazy is gunna happen lol
did i say #FACEBOOK? I meant #TWITTER!
hate when boys think just because I'ma girl I can't beat em in basketball 
Thaaaaaankkss RT Orange might be the ugliest color on the planet.
Start having kids and you'll kinda appreciate it a bit more. Not defending it, but I understand it.
Hillary swank!
Game 4:WHO CAN TELL ME WHEN THE 'MY GIRL 'MUSIC VIDEO CAME OUT ?
I wish it wasn't April 1st.
don't discount the green with the cream wheels
If you are at the #GESS2012, stop at the booth E44 to find us.
I promise not to kill billy chambers. Lol! I love Olivia Pope!
Thanks so much for the tickets today! We had a great time :)
The Girl That Kicked The Hornet's Balls. That is all.
Enjoying #ICA11 Pre-conference: Placing the Aesthetic in Popular Culture. And it's so great to see my dear Middlebury faculty mentors again!
Bought sunglasses in the shape of the United States today. We rock!
On the bus for the first time in forever....-_- hate life
who are you again?
the difference btwn Gonzalez and other SS options > difference btwn Aramis and Taylor Green
I need another day added to the week. Must work...must work. Need to...tear myself...away from...social...media...ugh.
Real men wear pink? NO. Real men treat women right.
Im done with tears. Im wiping my eyes. If he doesnt care then why the hell should I?
Just mastered a homemade chignon up-do & celeb-grade makeup ('sup contouring!) for tonight's gala entirely due to Pinterest.
Good morning beautiful people.
I'm not a very good writer, but I'm an excellent rewriter. - James Michener
where are you located?
So ready to go to work!!!
My heart is a canvas u can draw true happiness. <3
is awesome, yes, & so are you. Beyond Eden was so powerful I cried. It's one of my fav books evah.
When i called you,you just hung up in my facee in shit
May teach a class, "From Sir Nose D’Voidoffunk to Dr. Funkenstein: A Complete Taxonomy of The P-Funk Mothership"
Thanks Tom. Doing my best - wiped out from a busy week between my day job and side gigs I picked up. The gigs are picking up...
Oh, who drinks the beers.....?
It's not like I want us to have brunch
First run with my new Garmin-- In Love!!! 18 miles to kick off this Easter weekend of rugby, family, & friends!
oh, it was great lol
dude, don't have time for you to be so suckish...
Get the ball rolling, please. RT : "Kohl goes on the offensive for new arena. Willing to throw in own money."
Tonight's lecture is sure to be informative: Dr. John Comerci will speak on #ovariancancer recurrence. Rm 2131 @ 6pm
Any weekend plans? I need to get the Thanksgiving menu together! -Kristin Burns
I wish this old man would stop flirting with the attendant so that I can get on my way
Here come the Aggies of Utah State!!!!
what's up new friend
Awake. Too. Early. Grumpy. Grouchy. Gruff. Grr.
fine with me. Plenty of places to eat.
I remember he would say we ride when we ride we ride its till the day we die /:
congrats on Caruso getting to go NBA Camping.
ECS Refining Presents Workshop on Recycler selection, Export Monitoring, and ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
thank you love<3
hah he said hey!
the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world~~~ Harriet Tubman....RT RT
fun activity
There's gotta be a faster system to getting to these names, I just haven't found it. They're not easy to find.
No way I'm making it thru this game. Massive headache. Bed needed NOW
Thank you you bleed Black and Gold, and you'll always be a Steeler. Best of luck to you.
Ha, someone did in the last 3 minutes! would bring it to 666 now. Perfect! : )
It's 3:50am and I'm not sure if those of you who are awake are up late or early...
Locked out of our room woohoo
Trip to the Polish capital city tomorrow #Warsaw here I come!
yess We are never gonna grow apart
happy birthday young lady
Yay! Sounds good :)
-I Love My Bitch She Crazy,,,
Crazy couple weeks & headed back out on location this evening...
W.beyondthescoreboard.net are in hot water and need a couple of scenarios to get them in the playoffs
Why do favorites underachieve? Other ideas? RT : Heart vs. $$ / : All about who's hot at the right time.
I miss
#FlyMeToLondon is trending. but seriously though I don't mind.
Indeed! You're very welcome. RT : A night that involves octopus is a very good night indeed. Grazie
RT : Is it a paid internship or unpaid? RT : i'll be on the Death Star working on logistics reports for t ...
Archives Day 4: Permafrost, modernization, and a northern nation-RF Legget, Division of Building Research, and "New Aklavik"
Ok. Well enjoy...again lol.
we say things we dont mean it is just we feel mad at that moment but we try to make up for it
Getting Funny looks im walmart asking about a ski mask
sad. “: NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83”
Wasted inning. Hart wtf was that?
hay bestie :) good ! long day , how have you been ?
going to get my hair glued in
Why is so damn perfect 😍😍
Amazing time tonight, talking with & presenting to Portland's biz community!
Giant Eagle...Shakespeare Street??? Maybe??
Congrats to "Breaking Bad"! Good job guys!
Gave Whiskey Golf a bath. Needs some TLC.
what about Heineken does that count?
I totally forgot about R132... but that's not really a color.
you trying to play football with the big boys lol
Bustin' out Timebomb this am in WeHo and makes me think of and miss
#love i luve u
Homework Help meets twice a week! Wednesdays from 1:30-5 and Sundays from 1-4. Students of all ages and grades are welcome.
you had me laughing so hard watching jimmy fallon, btw moneyball is a GREAT movie congrats!
Dont you be holding back your love..
Accidentally got a turkey sandwich on Good Friday. Said "Eh, arbitrary rule, God doesn't care." Then promptly dropped it on the ground.
lol ...but I do wanna go up to him and throw a unicorn cuz he gets on my nerves sometimes ( no offense )
Sucks that there is no game today, oh well, I should do homework...
Praying that all is well! Happy Wednesday!
Even though I would like to see what happens when you try, please don't because I like you.
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, been supporting since 1 time! now to get noticed follow?X46
when I like ONE person I only pursue that ONE person, no one else matters to me regardless of who they or what they look like
oh, thank you! i think you're funny too
Its 4am & My Lover Wont Answer
Nice shots!
no you totally want to do it for me! Wahhhh haha please :)
You have any projects coming up?
Have a great weekend, Tweeps! Stay tuned next week for a letter from a Healthy Start Mom.
Listening to music...tonite has been a dubstep type of night! ;)
have you heard of the environmental risk summary report? This is greatly beneficial to you!
#HappyMothersDay THOSE SHOPPING ON EBAY..
Does anyone know if Seau was included in any of these class action concussion lawsuits?
THAT WAS FUCKING HYSTERICAL! I want to be those old ladies. (when I'm old. I mean)
#IGetJealousOf...other girls talking to my boyfriend
ALL I NEED FOR A GOOD TIME IS FRIENDS AND A GOOD PLAYLIST
I still Have CatCalifornia up?
That's not good! I would be happy 2 send #googleplus #invite if you DM address. :) I've only toyed w/it so far, but very nice.
Please follow my in person friends =) Thank you and
Very cool!
Beres sings on.... "oh what a confrontation."
“No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you - life”
Last Jarrett tidbit from last night: he is not a fan of file sharing ... (and I am with him on that)
Seems like everyone is heading 'home' for the weekend.
It's always fun to do something you've never done before.
This is the worst bunting pitching staff I've ever seen.
I have experienced that my inner state is far more important than any external circumstance. How about you?
graduation, please hurry up.
hot in cleveland
Will say that this part of site is rather disappointing. shallow deposits, low artifact recovery, no tools/features.
Good hair is only part of the package baby: they don't call me 'the spear who killed the lion' for nothing... Lol
150 RT : 100 degrees today. I can't even imagine what June/July will feel like.
Why am I such an idiot?
link doesn't work
OH and thanks to BRGR for putting on a great fundraiser this weekend!
i know. ugh.. it sucks. ive been a kings fan for so many years it seems like this team will always do that to me...
God created the world with you in mind so that you could STEP IN PUPROSE with Him in mind.
this seven-letter plural can be civil, labor, or "opposite of intersections"
You should never jump out of a 2nd story window using a sheet for a parachute! ;-)
just make sure you're feeding my baby! Take her outside to go potty!!
Probably the most likely scenario. I could definitely see a tea bag coming for Varejao.
And the next star eliminated from #DWTS...is...Gladys Knight
Baby, Opposites attract. So were good!
so many choices of things to insert.. Hmm.. Hi I'm michelle <3
I rather dream of u! ;)
Yankees close it out tonight, like the money line and the under
Woah! It's Marisa & I totally just noticed the new Twitter layout..why doesn't my account have it? I still have the old one!
My niece is trying to drown her siblings out by singing "oldies" aloud. Oldies = Bon Jovi
Dex & I was the Lil Wayne, Rick Ross,Nicky Manaj Concert last night & it was off the chain! Super show!
Biggest moth I've ever seen somehow got into my room and won't leave
Bahahaha thanks for the laugh
Rruuurrr, rrrooowww, seems like Facebook crashed, will the world ever be the same again? lol
yes it will get better :)
You have the best tweets! Love that you're live tweeting commencement today!
Hey thank you for follwoing me! :)
I don't care what they think in PA -- if Groundhog Chuck says we'll have early spring, then I believe him!
Time for something new.
Doors open at 3 tomorrow?
Best job in the whole world. :)
I hear ya. Makes my little cafe look silly!
Avengers was easily a 10/10. The best fight sequences, effects and funny. A total must see.
Did you ever know that you're my hero?
okay just stopped at the ivory room for one. You should come!
Hahahaha I love it!!!
GO COWBOYS TODAY!
Obama wanted congress to Default so he'd Blame them for Grandma's Ck. not makin it,he'd have his Emergency for Powers Act
I'm a 25 year Bronco fan DT. Congrats on a great year and enjoy the off season.
met author at a reading & book signing today. Buy her novel Kiss The Sky. She's nice!
lol I mean we do have the clover as the logo
I really need to finish reading this damn Tom sawyer book!
Hi Peter.
We all move on , but your still stuck in the past , everytime you see me , you get another flashback , fuck that, i dont want you back .
Seeing my brother getting ready to leave for D.C. makes me miss Florida more than anything. :(
I pray that i do not have to present first in this speech today.
#dontever believe others are better than yu !
I am! Nikki's grad party.. I'll drink a marg at Labo for you!
Gotta check it out for sure. Looks like fun.
oh snap I signed up mobile twiter I think
What is this nothing you speak of?
ATTENTION DALLAS - Who's interested in leaving work early next Friday? ME! Go to theHomeandGardenMarket.com <discount tickets available!
Celebrating #Veteran's Day with $11 house dinner specials after 5pm: Prime Rib Dip, Meatloaf Sandwich, & Country Fried Steak.- HH @ 4pm!
i love u take care of urself sweety :) i would give my life 4 u
Rep that South all day homey!!! ALREADY!!
What trouble shall I get in today?
see you there!
"Poets were usually bandits..." - Huda Fakhreddine
Trying the AKA hybrid cigar. Very impressive for their first try. Smooth and tasty.
Hold on, we're sending about 100 a day
I've tried five different ways to tweet tactfully about the girlie slides during #bigomaha presentation. I don't like them. The End.
I am the Twitter master of animaleyes. Figley
absolutely, keep up the good work!
from the way u described it i bet it was
I've busted more little shits then I should've. But I have dropped bigger shits off in the school playground anyways
I feel like writing.
bahahahaha! You so crazy
Wat up peep.
Can my City Council pass a law that lets me throw eggs at the Mayor every time he says something stupid? And bring me 100 eggs a day?
Great article!
i sure could ;)
Grumpiness just means you need hugs!
They should just rename Microsoft Internet Explorer to Microsoft Firefox/Google Chrome Downloader.
I love my iPad....I seriously do!
Now that everyone's out of the house, it's time to party it up!! Which means baking brownies and watching Netflix. ;D
Wow my grammar sounds like an asians in that last tweet. lmao
Just bought my ticket to Tampa, now just to play the waiting game but Britney and EDC next weekend!! :)
phelps should be starting. Freddy needs to go collect social security and turn in the pinstripes
I LOVE THIS. And I'm super honored you thought of me :)
Alrighty, back to movies & treats. Yay! :D
What's with all the dudes crying on the bench today?
more like fruit and yogurt !! :) .... Nothing major ... Getting my birth certificate !! And passport :)
I guess it is literally & figuratively. He's pretty sexy in the suit though...pr. ;-)
Best thing I've heard today "its like a snickers bar wrapped in a steak" (referring to a builder bar)
We all know that one person who thinks they have swag.
WHEN U REALIZE YOUR WORTH THATS WHEN YOUR STOP
Thank you love! :)
content deduplication addressing is inherent in Solidfire storage, it's inherent in how data is stored
": Wanna meet someone new? Follow member of #TeamBisexual #TeamBiSexUWell" Thanx Much Luv & Respect
sounds like a plan. We will have an interesting and unique burger creation waiting for you.
Had a guy from Uganda Africa come to school today. Gave him my act of kindness coin.
Red Sox pitchers are good at getting batters out of nasty slumps
I wanna be swarovski'd.
So no iced coffee today -too cold- but we do have mixed berry pies. Ne 42nd ave and killingsworth
Howdy, new Uptown neighbor - 2525 McKinney Avenue for and now Look good while U dine!
I agree! RT A5 Definitely research green products before buying to make sure they are truly what they claim to be
its running this account
Some people are just so easy nowadays.
Officially a homeowner!!!
I won't trade him for Granger I would trade Fields for George though
Great Day with Boo-Boo And Kia :P, Yoo I Swear When We go out , Bitchs and Nigga's always wanna mess with us.
I was taught a lesson of markets long ago. Stocks need reasons to advance but they can decline with no news. Bids drop to attract activity
Good Morning! Sun Saturday! Crazy day
RT Wait'll you see Time's Father's Day cover. Holy moly.
is a great show.
My skill set is key to any buyer or seller in the home market. I would be happy to share my knowledge & valuable skills with you.
head is pounding, getting hit in the head wt a softball fucking hurts!
ur not that much older.
Do you think the person who named Pi realized how many times in the future he was going to make people subconsciously want dessert?
"People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring."
btw, i follow all the people who follow me.
i agree, how you been?
Can finally tell everyone - my husband bought a second restaurant in CLeveland Park DC! Stay tuned for details! Opening in JUNE!
I'm trying to holla at you, boo!
Homegroups on Windows 7 are awesome. I'm currently pulling all the documents I need from my home computer onto my field computer...via wifi.
currently listening to some great stories about Yammer in the edu space. wish USF used Yammer when i was there!
Ima hookah blowing, camel riding, I don't give a lovely mother fuck ass Arab.
#NOTTE.....buzzin!!! This First Friday Drama free zone!! Get fresh and start da weekend off right!
Follow , ex-Wall Street analyst for all things social, mobile & startup. Plus, Batman & Star Wars!
teach you some dance moves?! I wish all I can do is jump hahah!
i'm from arizona where r u from
Don't forget, today at 3:00 we'll have our Chinese Coffee afternoon in the Grad Lounge
nope, ur the first. That's so sweet of you. Im actually pretty terrible at baseball.
If I had gotten my bikeshare key in the mail I would be home by now.
Blessed To See Another Day, God Is Good.
mine does... Wait a second. R u makin' fun? Ahahaha
you so close hun!!!!
Someone message me im bored :p
Wanted: Meaningful overnight relationship.
RT : HOWDY...Dropped down to say Hi, LOVE Your Tunes Dear...Ron From Canada...> TY Ron!! ♥ Aoede ♪♫
No body but! Lol. My fav sunshine band original.
Yea, I been there....I done that....Knock the $#$^& out, now she running back....
Bruesewitz gathers the offensive rebound, Evans dumps it in from right around the hoop. 38-31 in favor of UW.
sometimes I go to museums to look cool :/
That was just ...perfect
lmaoooo! that's sad.
Bravo Mr. Davis!
go, go! RT : Iowa vs #MSU tomorrow ... Go Spartans!
Kicked off another weekend at First Note Music Hall in Santa Rosa, Florida. Fun stuff.
Every chance I get!
My past dreams, are not as pleasant as my current reality
I have the best cargo shorts to induce this shame spiral.
Genius mix started with Bitter Sweet Symphony. It's onto Empire of the Sun now.
Instead of simply just mopping up the water, fixed the damn leak in the Haymarket station!!
: usguys? #HandsUp uh oh we may have created a Twitter monster! Happy Friday!
omg hopefully it let you follow me, but then again maybe not cos it only has 2,000 follow limit
#charlesbarkely is trending
I have a feeling that means we're not supposed to hang around much longer !
Love when you stumble out of your way...cute bakery w/mini cupcakes! Baked by Melissa
Wow! We're 25 shy of having 1,000 followers on Twitter. Thank you for all your help in getting close to that milestone!
Buzzed after being in a business meeting :o
I know she feels like I blow her off too hangout with my friends but really I just wanted too hangout with them for once
Tell her to chew me up RT watch out for the strike police
I hope all the worst things in life happen to you, and only you .
feels like its been forever huh?
ha yeah
That's a depressing thought and science can't tell us exactly why we have to sleep
Thanks for the follow!
I guarantee Omar feels like shit today.
“: see you next month in the desert.” sunset sessions yo?
Confident our players will make whoever Josh hires as AsstCoach look great.
Can I get a follow or a retweet from sox's best? I was just at Fenway today it was great
I'd really like to make a sun drop commercial. But I don't think I have enough ass for it
If #fringe gets cancelled, it will be "fun" listening to all the whining from people who didn't bother to watch it when they had the chance.
If you're smart, you'll pick this up RT : Our resist 7" is being shipped today, just in time for us to bring to brooklyn!!
it was boring but I think that was the point. False sense of security b4 hell breaks loose
"Start learning never stop"
When you're a teenager, 'No' is a complete sentence.
Will be in Atlanta a couple weeks!
yea you must not cuz they are the bomb
Dam got chocolate over my phone stupid M >:/
thanks for a fun conference!
Good luck tonight and with the season!
for sure - we'll keep you updated. Cheers!
A scoreless second leaves the score at North Texas 2, FIU 0.
it looked good :) and it was fun seeing how you make it it wasn't boring 
Thanks for the RT!
Cudahy coach Ryan Johnsen has accepted the head coaching position at Greendale, where he graduated from in 2003.
An Inconvient Truth: When you unstrap a Victoria Secret Bombshell Bra.
would you please test out my follow button to see if it works?;)<3
Good choice.
Knowlrge is power no doubt but imagination is more than power. It is being a small creative God.
So you're saying there's a chance?! RT “: 0.7% RT : chances the pack make a move for Mario Williams?”
yeah i think i will i really really like it!! my cuz was like it looks like something i would wear lol
ah, what time? Is my sister going?
This sounds hysterical!
Every Mother's Day my mom threatens to show me her c-section scar when I don't clean my room. And every year she thinks it's hilarious.
I hope your surgery went well and we see you back in the ring soon.
At the concert! J cole about to go!
I hate everyone in my class
check out my folio @ www.michaelcalixtro.com
#fashion #blogger ladies! interested in being in a reality show? send me ur email!
Thanks for the RTs folks! Gotta keep up with that twin sister of yours! ;-)
“: God Morning ....... Wishing everyone extra blessings on this day!!!”thx u also
Never fails! Guybrarians should look for the Buffy fangirls at the bars this weekend.
thanks! How many times have you seen her?
Went OK-worked with new coach. Now, on to Bankers! Frank! How's Swim Camp? :)
Why do women's groups campaign against a mens health office?
me too! And I often (just today) say CHI doesn't have "sweet storms" like STL. But this was pretty f-ing wicked.
keep both... 1= choir & other = interested enough 2 follow....extra work, yes :-)... Unless app combines tweets and +s...
Do you use virtual tours for your listings? What would make them better??
hey sorry I couldnt go! I feel bad 😢
Sharon Link, Ph.D. and 16-year-old Jimmy Link to sign books in Spokane, WA at Hastings bookstores.
Anybody use TalkShoe? Trying to find out how to access host controls. Do I have to wait until program starts?
my only question is when....?
I hear a lot about Pd crashing, but it doesn't happen to me. Max4Live crashes sometimes though. I don't use either enough.
Well, I just haven't gone to any of those "bride events" an expo would overwhelm me, but this twitter chat sounds good.
Tip for the day: Contracts do not necessarily have to be written to be enforceable.
oh ok and my favorite song from kirko bangz is drank in my cup that my favorite song and my favorite rapper is drake and nicki
the hottest ; )
First Jack Layton, now Steve Jobs...
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber listen to
Picking up the new spectacles today...finally. These are the things I look forward to now...
Kohl Center ice sheet to be named "Bob Johnson Rink." 22 former #Badgers hockey players made gifts to "secure the ice naming opportunity"
I sense Zade My hart is happy
Let's have a safe day riding Metro, folks!
. begins to read a paper, saying that " isn't here any more." (Or is he?)
Thank you for the correction, 7/24 this Sunday Miami Ave. 10 st. 10 am to 8 pm
Is it sad that this excites me? RT Baltimore City recorded 10 homicides in Feb, one of the lowest monthly totals since 1970.
Last class of the day :))
I had fun at the Oregon Relays track meet today. Got to catch up with old friends and enjoy the warm sunny weather.
the problem is most GOP like being homophobic.
Apparently the "Intergalactic Headquarters" exists in a cellular black hole.
Hey everyone at by the step & repeat and get your pic taken!
rocks my socks off <3
i gotta give it to Floyd tho. His last 2 fights werent against scrubs (y)
but I'm mostly upset that Blake didn't send home that little country girl....
That dessert looks so good! What was it? I'm glad your mom had a great Mother's Day!
Oh my gosh it's been a while since I've felt this sick 😷
Oregon set up 100K fund to compensate ranchers for stock and herd-dog losses to #wolves, also for non-lethal deterrence measures.
Hip hip hooray! I just got into the Cycling for Libraries unconference & I'll be biking through the Baltics this summer!
Feel the same sweetie. I'll try to follow your tweets to see when your on aswell, see I broke my mobile, so I don't get alerts!
Did and really just surprise me at my house with a frosty? I swear I have the best friends ever.
I feel handicapped when my work email is down
Btw these days are going by too fast! How the hell is it already Wednesday??
can y'all not mention me in this gay shit
yep yep.. ill be around .. what's the schedule for tomorrow..
nothing much. How r u?
Stop that! You were in ! RT : Seeing as I'm the laggard of our writing group!
oh how I wish I wasn't about to be in chapel, so we could have a much overdue skype date!
The final six women head to Macau, where they're challenged with re-creating their auras = #ANTM is on Tonight at 8/7c!
With Lindsay, haven't been on twitter in a while, oh well(:
Forms of online learning enhance students’ experiences
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow??
"Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy." - Benjamin Franklin
Planning on getting as drunk as an octopus tonight
Welcome 2 twitter. How r u?
Happy Thanksgiving!!! :)
An executive is a person who always decides sometimes he decides correctly, but he always decides.
computer? The typing computations machine with glow tubes?
if this doesn't get 7 RT's I will delete my twitter
would love u to so get a packin and get a plane ticket lol il help u move in
how do I get it ... in my email ?
Enjoy! Safe travels!
Precisely. RT : #Wisdom: Just because you *can*, doesn't mean you *should*
At my mom house readin and relaxn
Like you said, both the good and the bad. :)
ProtoTap company rehearsal went amazing yesterday! Finished our first piece. We're moving baby!!!
Annette Martinez: Find your fit and that is when you will make a difference.
That's because we both have good musical taste :)
you suck balls
Whats up with me being in the magazine
Bout to make some joints
Have fun!
Pizza, wings, #Jets victory, and ice cream. Sunday
my invite is in the mail right. lol
hey hey hey! Coach B is back in session.
nice look, shaved head, half smoked cigarette behind the ear.
Have a great run!
Even CBS's Sunday Morning: college costs have doubled in 10 years - $1 trillion in student loans, not including parent loans
Looking forward to providing the soundtrack to tonight's event featuring soon...
Not the strongest writing, shallow engagement but alright so far. I'm thoroughly spoiled from reading Neal Stephenson, though.
she good, she doin her hair
#Heartattack video premiere May 4th get ready to hear all about it from me I heart
Brrr! It's cold Seattle!
Go Brewers !!! Happy Opening Day !!! Mi.Keys tonight !!! Downtown Milwaukee, 10pm
Christmas 'Treecycling' begins tomorrow in Tucson - KVOA Tucson News Tucson Citizen Christmas 'Treecycling ' begins tomorrow in Tucson KV
hey girl! What's up?
He's all I ever think about. I wish he knew.
F'k yeah! Cotto's got Mayweather bleeding real good haha!
The question over whether or not the Big 12 is the best conference for #FSU is simple if only other option is staying in ACC.
my brother just emailed me, and he is amazing. sending me into a fit of tear-streaming, snorting laughter. he's my favorite.
Y'all take your BBQ seriously, I see. Nice.
So excited 2 be going 2 my 1st ever race on Sunday 2 meet n support n its so amazing that Denny just set Pole!
Whatever tomorrow brings, I'll be there, With open arms and open eyes.
UPDATE: I don,t "copy" anybody else.I am a "original' artist when I cover someone else,s songs.I strive to bring fresh "vibes" to the table
shit ..bout 2 hit up this video shoot... what u up 2???
RT "You don't write down to children, you write up." E.B. White, author of Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web. True.
"Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives". - C. S. Lewis
But what if the last thing I want to do with my time on Earth is to get fucked in the optic nerve by a CG Ryan Reynolds?
Who is going to event tonigth?
If I can stop sneezing for 5 minutes that would be fucking fabulous thanks . . . Oh nopee there I go again ! 😞 Fml
SHOUT OUT TO YOU! EVERYONE FOLLOW HER IF YOU'RE COOL
teague is worst cal pg. I tease my wife bc she wants to see dunks, blocks, threes. Along with no titles, what cal provides!
Good luck to on her interview today i miss her and cant wait to see her Wednesday
#YouCantSayYourGROWNIf You Still Gotta Curfew !
RT : Dawgs on the list of most influential: professors Shwetak Patel + Henry Lai, +
I can never tell if I hate The Eagles because of my own musical taste or because of The Dude. Either way, man, could you change the channel?
Rise and grind
Better get that commercial directed by and He watered his Chrimbus bush all season long.
Sweet dreams going to sleep Why Tomorrow of new school
Can't sleep :'(
im so fucking annoyed its not even funny
going idk where bye
Hm. There's a thriving tech culture in NYC (which 'only' has Columbia and NYU) as well as in Cambridge, MA.
im tired. its late. goodbye :)
Half price ventis at Starbucks happy hour? Heck yeah.
Feeding the homeless people
Have a question for the U-T's EconoMeter panel? Tweet us your topics!
what made you wanna follow me? Lol
I have to do adult insurance things today...boo! I just wanna play on a slip-n-slide!
Cutler or Eli this week
females like it when they lay on they stomach and u get on them and fuck like that.. then wrap your arms around them. sextip
I'm a liberal with no party I can believe in
Pass it on tweeters!Check out SkeeNation MKE, bringing Skeeball back! Free tournament tonight at Landmark Lanes, 8 pm w/ a $100 cash prize!
Being in bed this early with the lights off feels so good
I worked HARD to be a part of the elite. I pushed the "follow" button on your profile.
u make me confused
why of course! though it is quite sad that we are are rarely here at the same time :(
DO IT! Same turning as a mandolin!
Awesome. I picked up a few of those too!
Yeah! You must have missed it when we shouted about it...a lot! :) Cool, huh?!
it's an b day
Stop & Stare <3 this song will never get old to me!
sure enough, that afternoon candy break restored my equilibrium.
what is a book curse?
Need to remember that beets were part of lunch, so as not to have a moment of great alarm later. I've learned this the hard way.
except win championships xavier!?????????????? Come on now let's be serious. I love counting the rings.
If u ever walk in on ur parents having sex u will go blind scream bloody murder then faint like i have...lmao
I should really do some studying...
.yeah. I <3 u jared leto
if you can find a canon rebel t2i, im pretty sure they are down to 500 now. Awesome camera!
DIXON, IL, PIRANAH IS COMING BACK! This is a benefit 4 the family of JEFF LINSCOT & it will be held April 7the @ the Moose Lodge in Dixon.
I always eat my breakfast in the car, and throw away my trash when I get to class ;P
Lmfao always have those cool music videos!
Be #kind whenever possible. It is always possible. -
Not much to update on with the boys. Reason for the lack of tweeting </3 -g
so lucky! That's awesome:)
Today at work I contributed a photo of 's Iowa-shaped chip for barackobama.tumblr.com. Today's a great day.
Seriously, this summer's going to kill me ;)
www.myspace.com/chustle1 check out my music and let me know what u think!!
RT : Live your life with purpose. The purpose to succeed!
Punishable by prison? Please? RT : Can we have a rule that you can't play a tambourine with the national anthem?
just walked by me at No one else knew who it was.
Reasonably priced post production.
So, uh, this is my 600th tweet.. #yaaay #dontcare 🎉
why is the catalog so slow lately?
great game tonight! Go Cats!
New Wing Special Starts Today!! New Wings! New Sauces!! 35 cent Wings/60 cent Boneless! Kitchen open till 10.
I think some of you guys pretend that someone hacked ur computer to really get your true feelings..lol
cool cannot wait, another way to connect with you gorgeous!
…and in the meantime there's a discount reward for "risk takers". :-)
Some people really need to grow up! If a dude don't want to be with then move the fuck on!
Follow R/T
Homemade facial peel: Hot tea steam in your face. I swear it's working...
House permeated with eau de skunk--probably one wandering around the perimeter. Happens every summer, thankfully no move-ins yet ...
Thank you and for hosting a great event!
It was great meeting you at #ncmpr2012 Keep me in mind if you have anymore video questions :)
Can't believe I'm headed to work this late but oh well 😏😏😏
At work. I will be knitting.
Got me on my knees, LAAAYYYYLAAAA
Awesome game you punished them browns defenders!
My friend just farted in her sleep hahaha.
cleaned about 1/2 a cat's worth of cat hair out of my keyboard.
thanks, friend! Just breathing right now!
question... How do u trim? Do u always trim when straight?
I use to only do 2 or 3... this is my first focused chat. I won't lose sleep if I miss others. It won't be end of world.
Our library has a page! YAY! Check us out by searching Southwest Public Libraries on Pinterest.
Pick 28: Stay in Line by Teddy Slater - Number Sense & Groupings
can you get me up with some followers
Thanks!! It's due Friday, so I'm not quite there. But close!
True that, AL. RT : "why would your wife make the best first lady?" #whatisthis1960?
Not feeling any better.
Waking up at 8 for your 8 am class
But again he blogged nebulae of romance
Ready for football tonight!
Way to go ! Just saw your amazing sandwich sponsorship on Kong news for outreach tomorrow, thanks for all you do!
My only regrets are that I was stone sober, and that I don't know how to spell "Kanichiwa". 'Til tomorrow:
Matt Drudge’s rescue mission
wow the week goes by so fast back to school tomorrow
The Wizards makes the Pacers sweep easier to swallow
I think I'm enjoying the #xmasartpun from way too much. Although is there such a thing when it comes to being an art history nerd?
All the voting last night was worth it. Phillip needs to win. He's too legit.
I'm missing a good class 😒
watch it's guna come true
Good news: Fans are happy. Bad news: We have an unseasoned, run-happy quarterback who may or may not be the worst draft of all time.
finally listened to that song and i must say... the worst wiz track ever
God never blinks...im never scared cus I know whos lookin down me
We did! Do we get a prize?
Hahahaha! That is hilarious because it's true.
its dollar night
Which one is you? That link just takes me to the WaPo GOG logo
why am i so gay tho?
Buy a clapper for the lights lol
Can't stand when your nurse smells like smoke and has cigarettes in her pocket!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jouran Sanders ⁰Rising 11th ⁰Clayton, NC ⁰Travel Team: Cleveland Pride ⁰Point Guard 6’0
Sounds good.....m
I see people picking up their dog's shit, man is definitely dogs best friend
MAKE THAT ABOUT AN HOUR RT ight
Da wrong one....
Knicks are DONE
French Toast might just be one of the BEST smells to walk into. And one of the best dinners too.
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
There is a difference between "taking pride in" and "being prideful about" a #startup. One invites success and the other invites a beating.
Water monitoring program continues May 14: “The monitoring program reaffirms our commitment to the surveillance and protection of the...
I really want it on dvvddddd
Never give up on your Future....
It's good, Mr. Ross! It means that I think you know what you're talking about when it comes to sports...and you certainly do, sir!
I'm excited. I want to see it so bad!
She brought me mcdonalds without asking. she will do anythign for me <3
I don't want a relationship where people say 'they look cute together'. I want 1 where people will say 'look how happy they are together'.
Thanks, Julie!
RT : So the new Jimmy Eat World album appears to have as its last track a cover of the Wilco duet with Feist, "You and I." #huh?
men/women open basketball season tomorrow at Beck Center (6 & 8 pm tips) with doubleheader. "Live at the Clive" x 2. Ticketmaster?
Word of the day: Conciliate (v) - To overcome the distrust or hostility of; placate; win over.
Wild times indeed. And bomb ass breakfast!
I hate when teachers make u watch a video with an old man... like 90...talking & talking slowly and mumbling about the past. ITS B-O-R-I-N-G
Talking about the cloud-based digital tools. Do we own them or do they own us? SHANTI Summer Digital Institute
is my favorite dept. store. Their QC is renowned in industry, and I picked up all of my traverse rods + killer pool chairs today.
Just love peaceabbey
posted it up into one my groups and I'll put it on fan page too. RT : BuildingMoxie Thank you times a million!
We are putting together our beer lineup, got any fan favorites out there to share?
oh we totally want one of those!! :)
it'll all be fine...
Don’t let anyone fool you, the most important meal of the day is #lunch. #Luckyforyou we open at 11 a.m. and have a killer Falafel
yay can't wait u should b a comedian!
#hospitality night at The Anchor Bar tonight in #tampa.. 50% off with proof of employment..
Happiness is falling asleep next to you and waking up thinking I'm still in my dreams.
well she was an american girl
Get a Dachshund!!! They're small but are full of personality, they don't smell, they're good guard dogs, & are just the best.
miss reading my monthly
We gotta play smart in this OT
A bad day in the south is better then any day up north
On an average day, do you spend more time on Facebook or Twitter?
Shout to all my lost boys, we rowdy!
Sustainability requires: library staff have the skills and support they need to evaluate community needs and evolve services to meet them.
Ok, if all of your tweets are you talking about weed or how high you are or stupid emotional tweets or indirect insults, Im unfollowing.
Thanks, Betty!
how are you supposed to survive without wifi?!?!?!
- The young ones are the most unlucky. They get filtered out by #DCF #CPS #Terrorist, stolen from home and sold for a profit
#stm2012 don't email editors with "helpful advice" rather give access to limited number of paid articles per year
ilike? do you really?
Karaoke might possibly be the worst thing ever created.... Or just possibly these are the worst singers ever!
sorry, just linked my new tumblr to twitter before posting like 30 things XD
The most important thing learned in Washington: Have a good bumper sticker
couldn't have put it better myself. Well said Sir.
been trying to find a way to contact you! Please follow swop-colorado let's connect!
There's a lot of people I can HAVE, but there's only one I WANT. <3 #
We take our ability to read so much for granted! Unimaginable, what we'd miss, how narrow, threadbare, our lives would be without reading.
Be anthropologists. Don't necessarily focus just on analytic data. Look at people's behaviors and beliefs.
#My #mom's #bathroom #scares #me #ENDOFSTORIE PrincessCiera
My boss may be a man, but he is a weak ass bitch. Grow some balls and a dick, instead of the peas and carrot your sportin'. Punk ass.
:( Next year, for sure.
Never start an argument with a woman when she is tired - Or when she is rested!
"How to cultivate entrepreneurship among folklorists?" teach them biz/mgt skills and/or convince them its not always evil?
letting go sometimes is the best thing to do!
Two words come to mind that aren't necessarily that bad separated, but combined, they are hideous..I speak of "toe jam".
yaba daba freaking doo! I'm so ready to get out of here ... #tiredof working
it's the kiss of death.
R.I.P. Maurice Sendak. TY for a lifetime of memories
do the photogs you work with do the shooting & the editing?
babygirl I love you so much and I don't know what I could do without you <3 Look at my fb status....bestie telepathy
RT - I bet the Creekside Knights football team can beat the Jacksonville Jaguars.
sound like my type of party
#followFriday Follow ...best networking group in Pittsburgh! And I am their spokesperson!
Aviator Sunglasses Silver Frame Mirror Lens
GOP Jesus Says: "Remember, if you didn't have the poor, you'd have no one to exploit. That's why I support Ryan Plan."
I may need special computer glasses...
Frances will give the commencement at West Chester University tonight - receiving her 21st honorary doctoral degree! Congrats to the grads
Cop cars should play the jaws theme song..
We just unfollowed a psychic we inadvertantly followed. I wonder if he knew that was coming?
Until next time!
erase the silence
Free classes are held all day Sat., June 2, during the Great American PitchFest in Burbank, CA. Join us!
No matter how you feel about women..just know the world couldn't function without them.Let's lift our women up with royalty!
check your DM's
You know, just trying to go for a run in the heart of a zombie apocalypse. Earned the title "Runner Number 5" #Zombie,Run
Haha, I didn't even think about that, but yeah. I'll take my QB's with confidence, please.
being sick sucks! D:
Glad to see I got you following - Hope to see you & Cam out in Boston or down in TX soon.
More than 7 billion animals die yearly for human consumption
I was feeling very awake a few hours ago. I'm starting to CRASH.
I just noticed I wrote "Ibanex". Derp. Really, I can spell...
thanks for following. Happy Holidays!
I hate giving good people bad news. Hate it.
Always presidential and tonight's no blue moon
things are great! right back at ya!
Morning Elsie. Thank you for the prayers! Thats so sweet. And you are very welcome. :) Praying your week is hugely blessed as well
Can we get out of Afghanistan and Pakistan now?
Good night everyone
Um my back hurts. We need some hired help
Oh, i get it! " ( Teacher walks away ) " Dude, i still dont get it"
Mine is the whole part with Beck and Robbie and Robbies' Bully. lol
Also, looks like some WV players were tweeting to "jpoyt29"...but now that account doesn't exist...
LOL Just watched 12 elderly ladies power-walking in London park. All had wild green or orange caps and vivid colored clothes. GREAT!!!
Stop on by and say hello at Interfolio's booth #43. You can also stop by to enter to win an iPad 2. #Winning!
Church tomorrow to see my bby :*
guess that puts me out if the running? Lol
thanks for providing the info for the MIT Usability-Accessibility webinar. Mtg ended early and appreciate ability to jump in!
Tell Josh To Get To Bed
It feel like bustin a nut being back in the studio
On sep issue, does CB have anybody who reg live-tweets to report - ie, covering mtgs, sports, events? Working on a program.
Good night -_- dnt wanna go to school
yeah it took forever for me too. But it's awesome. Download the find friend app.
Get a New job!!!---i bet the parents are like CRAZY--yelling at ya
good idea! RT : Give the best holiday gift of all - help the dogs and cats who are still waiting for their forever homes.
Just beat Mass Effect 2, now i just need to wait til next march for the third...
it takes at least .5 seconds to get a shot off..he had no choice but to throw it to the paint & try & get an alley-oop.
wassup bro !!! long time no speak
help ? use this tag ? please BrazilLovesAustinMahone
K COOL. Over the past week i have lost over 20 followers, and went from 350 lists to 332 : / I don't understand!
The Washington Generals, err Phoenix Coyotes rallied back, but not enough to stop the mighty from taking a 2-0 lead!
Yeah, that particular one on Woodward in Bham was one of my favorite spots. I loved writing on 2nd floor and watching Woodward.
#man *aaron martin voice* haha
only able to count our friends on one hand... A+ life
Zen wisdom from the zen BUNS will appear magicaly here every Wednesday during 2011 the Year of the Rabbit.
after 3 years. #homelessness becomes a lifestyle.
what's up!!
I can't believe I hung out with Christian for like 8 hours and only got one bloody photo with him... That makes me mad 😠😡
Great finish for and the to pull out the win.
Not entirely fair: Peter Hornsby gets credit for the excellent emulation. I did more of the digital repository work.
WHATA WAY TO START OFF THE NEW YEAR WITH A FUCKING EARTHQUAKE YEAH THE WORLD'S GONNA END SEEEEEYA
-___- Today is going to be another one of those days.
I'm bracing for all the knockoffs which just add a zombie subplot to Hemingway.
is so much > than not that i'm trying to start a georgia turf war....
I've come to realize that the only "music" MTV plays these days is those Education Connection commercials.
12 Days o'Twitter:on 11th day of Twitter truelove gave to me 11 apps for iPhone 4Gs camera 10 White House presspasses 9 maids o'milking 8...
Checking out Loving these guys. See them on Friday at 12:00pm at Barbarellas. QM present
HOLY CRAP!, its rainy! going to the union tonight if it clears up, anyone interested?
1D is blasting on my computer. #NoShame I don't wanna do anything anymore today. x
Meg: "... You stalker." Me: YOU TAGGED ME, and I got a notification..?
"Social traffic is better than search traffic" -Steinberg, buzzfeed prez Facebook vs. Google also says slow hiring growth=red flag
I really like them, too, until they get hard. Then the ADD kicks in.
nice rip
So....who's in Chicago and wants to house me Monday night? #please #lastminchangeofplans #<3
Thanks Tommy :)
whhhhaaaaa??? Omg ur name is Margarita?? Haha I forgot about that.. Its not for you!
iDont Think About Money , iJuss Get iT .
Wow now I know i'm going to have a really good race season!!!!! Love the new bike an set up :)
woke up in tears imissuy brandon come back i can't take this iloveuy:(
First food of the day: salmon filet at 6:30pm. Not too shabby!
So I just got my new editing machine and used #facetime for the first time. #Apple, I love you.
The reason Boehner smokes so much is because his tears put the cigarettes out.
Rose may be the #Bulls MVP and heart but Joakim Noah is their energy. It's going to be a rough game without both.
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it.
Been busy, I'll grant you, BUT the live ep of 30 Rock is wonderful. Just a gorgeous argument for live performance. Awesome.
awesome!!!! got this on full volume. thank you
I Wonder if i died would tears come to his eyes? Forgive me for my disrespect. Forgive me for my lies.
RT Smell that weed smoke!
Some days, I realize that being an "adult" is dumb.
This day should have been formalized a long time ago! Glad it's finally here. Feelin' good now about the week ahead! Thx, sista :)
One horse sized duck! Birds can be aggressive!
Thanks! RT Need a place to relax after a hard day? Head over to for soothing live Jazz music&drinks during HH!
Try adding Google latitude your child's phone then you will always know exactly where they are at
lol, i see you be gettin yo money tho and deal with alot of crazy mf's all the time lmao
I'll say one word - pathetic. That cannot be. Sixteen golfers. Are you kidding me? And that is a huge prize fund - Ian Poulter
I can't ever turn #MadMen on late again. #ConcentrationCampMartian?
The fruit cakes should have left not collizion.
Got hacked today. Should be all resolved now. what is with people who feel the need to hack? too much time on their hands, I suppose.
Got told Happy Mothers Day, its always nice to know that her memory wont be forgotten. rip emily i love you. goodnight
Come dine at the Daily Grill and enjoy one of the twelve delicious dishes on the new Simply 600 menu! Have you tried it yet?
Step up and declare new support for efforts to stop Kony's crimes this year
#Luther “: Stringer Bell (Idris Elba) is on tonight's WH guest list for dinner w/ British PM David Cameron #thewire”
Good find, thanks Matt -- are all over this: b/w , and (I think) they cover the 3 big needs
I grew up long time ago!
On this day in 1973 Martin Cooper of #Motorola made 1st hand held #mobile phone call standing on 6th Ave in NYC.
next time, Opeth open for Katatonia...
Updating my I-Pass info: "Can I speak to Jared Kling?" Um...this is as close as you're gonna get. They were nice, though, so it was fine.
the major payne directioners have knowing its impossible to meet the boys...;)
I just tuned in to one of their videos now a bitch is late...smh lol
I'm gonna miss ya in Baltimore my friend.
that's nice to know..I had pretty much thought that..haha
If you are going to #HIMSS in Vegas, ZirMed would love to show you our new automation tool for payer payments & our patient
i dont feel good at all -___-
Now for some Poetic Justice!
Anyone else nervous? The markets move into unchartered territory tomorrow. Let's keep our fingers crossed that the markets don't overreact!
Reggie can still beat them!
My pleasure!
Be where you are; otherwise you will miss your life
Cause you're my baby girl right . . . Right ?
If you've requested commissioned work or proposed an artistic collaboration in the past few months & not gotten a reply, I'm working on it!
it is 11pm, and i have no cookies or ice cream. HOW HAVE I LET MYSELF SLIP SO LOW???
Scheduled to meet with a great up & coming animator "B A Movement
RT : It's a Clear 10 Vodka Tuesday at OSP! We have Clear 10 Vodka Lemonades & Limeades for Only $5 ... so much more!
how does what work
what was the topic? Can't wait to see it!
I HATE that! RT : My free oil change turned into two new tires.
we got your back in gh.
stop it. Stop it now.
Its time for me to leave the house now quietness ends
Black finn. a line?? Really???
my power is back on but I lost the microwave. It's fried.
It was so good seeing you too!! Truly brightened my day! Xoxo RT : great seeing &lt;3
I like the part when Mr. McDowell slams door in the boyfriend's face. He keeps ringing doorbell and then sicks the dog on him.
Di Canio banned for 11 matches for pushing ref. Better or worse than that?
its a normal word here but ppl from other states are like what?!
keep on eating donuts for 2012 porky lol!!!!!
first person to watch your Santa clause is coming to town #swag plz follow me:)!!!!
“When you know better you do better.” ― Maya Angelou
High gas prices are one thing, but the price of a glass of McAlister's sweet tea increasing by 11 cents...that is my economic backbreaker
Welcome to Wine Diego ! Our website is under development at the moment. Please feel free to contact us if you would like to be a member.
we had competitors as young as 13!
Hi Zaw, fatal Google error during your restore process caused the problem. We're digging into it. Just sent you an email.
Can't find any schema for Twitter's API's return values. This is both annoying and impressive. We're not in Enterprise-land anymore, Toto...
you just wait.
#raw10 Diff btwn Men n Women. Let there b 4 kids n 3 hot dogs. Mothers cut up the dogs n make beanie-weanies. Men, we order Pizza!
You like a bitch wit no ass...
There's Clown battle going down right now!! >:D.
Do you look yourself straight self and think about who you let between your thighs?
yeah, I totally would.
wrote a book. Take a look? www.taniajames.com
Ooh, I will keep my eyes peeled.
Well, just single handedly saved this episode of #raw. Just more proof of why he's the
thanks 4 following back.
RT I will follow and shout out the first 50 ppl to retweet this.
Europe does have some solid lures, yes. When it comes to bass, however, not so much. Japan is the opposite.
im bumping that... UGK - One Day U Here ... so soulful, the track got me through some rough times...
This month only when you purchase clothing or jewelry @ DPC get 10% off of your purchase.
loved what
Over 80% of women who completed my Living in Abundance course experienced an increase in income! 80%!
RT : LADIES: WHO WANTS TO GET #CIROCWASTED WITH ME #VIRGO2K11?? ITS ABOUT TO GO DOWN SEPT. 17TH SODO YOU READY?
Lmao! Were u and ur wings out? Lol RT : is it 3pm yet?? should take over the airwaves early today.
omg that looks amazing!
Reunion day 2 :) I love being in Charlottesville!
wish I could say I was surprised lol
Everybody follow he's the real Princeton and this is his new account!!!!!! So Follow Follow Follow
Lol my daughter can't stand this toy..but she always seem to have it in her hands
If you are free this evening, why not come by the Comedy Store and have some laughs. You might see a hooker biff it on Sunset Blvd!
Just don't give up on me baby
