is this Laura?
I was watching it earlier. It's been on all day. I'm chilling though.
I say, if your knees aren't green by the end of the day, you ought to seriously re-examine your life. ~ Bill Watterson, Calvin & Hobbes
I keep seeing articles about future versions of JavaScript. Will we ever be able to use them? Even Node is pinned to V8'
“: Coming next month: The Uncollected Gchats of Roberto Bolaño.” Have we ordered this yet, ?
was just mention in my social media webinar!
yay!!! Thank you!
I love her music! You should get her album. You would love it.
SHOUT OUT TO ANDRE HARRELL AND MANY BLESSINGS
Camped out with and It was pretty dang exciting.
Grindin slow and I won't let go
Fortunately & unfortunately, I'm in need of the services of again! Gigs of Photographs & Video in jeopardy.
RT : i hustle for a living.
": lol you Mexican queers" you make me feel so good about myself
Great first day of the #frontierleague tryouts. Stop by tomorrow for the scrimmage!
we like you already
I wish friends were money so you could hold them up to the light and see which ones fake and which ones real
hey Mikey ! hope you had a great day ! (:
Lmao! Damn they gonna make me leave my nati ice? Thats a strong statement. Omw to store b4 I shower
no joke
Someone please give me weed. D:
Just a reminder that the Miss Universe® preliminaries are being webcast live on the Miss Universe website right now. Still time to tune in.
I'm coming to the New York show!
HTC One X and One V for business professionals
I just emailed you. Im tryin to get the beats leased. I cant figure it out... Hit me up
For the Africa Fund, we are organizing a drum circle on the web in both Africa and in the US ... we will hold a telethon for an SME fund.
I love Josh, too. I just think Phillip is something new.
holy cannoli, that's great! Congratulations! Very eager to know more. Good luck with the transition. Wow!
you should Julia Robets is so amazing! I love her
I'm at my interview early n ready to go I'm super happy I was able to talk to my father n pray to him about this job n read palms 23.
sure did, nothing like dubstep at 11am
Anyone from from CMH traveling to Bonnaroo tomorrow?
Thanks for following <3
gaz my fb is dead i'll see if my friend at scchool can help pick u up as in a good friend i know
4 great Easter services today@ Central!
hopefully in a week wisconsin will give you happier weather
ISRAEL IS GOD'S CHOSEN NATION, AND THE JEWS ARE GOD'S CHOSEN PEOPLE!
#snOMGasm People were civil for the most part as they stocked up for what must surely be the Apocalypse.
No One goes to Planned Parenthood when they've been raped. They go to the ER and the MDs do a rape kit and report it.
why nobody followed ? :( ( please follow her, she means a lot to me♥
it affects everyone when our freedoms are threatened!
Yay!! RT : WA in the house. Congrats to Senator Patty Murray, recipient of the SETDA Federal Policy Maker Award
The only dessert item I get with any regularity is Nutella, which I put on anything.
u can be poor and religious. Then go to college for a yr and then be rich and religious.
Not sure how Cutch missed that. Gonna need some K's from Burnett now
Dear , my timeline is blowing up because of #SAYSOMETHIN I'm blaming your perfection <3
is it bad that the minute i get in the elevator i press the door close button? thoughts?
I just had my first road rage experience. All it took was a cyclist. Lol D:
checking out tweetdeck
did I miss your birthday???
Brian McKnight new song makes me feel all kinds of uncomfortable..
R.I.P. Chicago Bulls fans.
Skip Bayless just said if he was the Browns he would take Brandon Wheedon with the fourth pick in the draft
So it's the PicketCity Bowl.
thank you
Orel Hersheiser- 'you need to hydrate the day before a big game'
It's a beautiful day at the Seaport and Jared & reed are preparing for the opening session. Don't be late!!
Milwaukee's original Johnny Cash tribute tonight. My birthday is just a day away from the Man in Black. Let's celebrate.
Ya ya ya!!
I'm so sleepy.
Happy Friday! What is your favorite Michael Jackson song?
True. For now. Let's hope that gets shelved soon too.
yay no school tomorrow!
ME TOO. I actually woke up for the say at 6:00 pm. Lmfao
thanks for texting me back? lol.
Happy Birthday to the best mother in the world!! I love her :)
I BETTER SEE YOUR GORGEOUS FACES WHEN YOU ARE HERE I AM JUST SAYING.
RT : Now u doing way too much pull back on my bro b4 it get thick on hereRT : She's not very Concious lol
thanks for the follow! Let us know if we can help with a new mattress or new furniture!
I decided a few years ago that bald guys are super sexy. I guess I'm finally over the hair band stage.
RT : Heck introduces 2nd order amendment (amend the amdmt) w hold harmless provision.
I love that video too!
We just saw a dog that looked like Jack Franklin. Just wanted you to know.
Oh no, one of my cockers has a bad eye infection, we have to go to vet 1st thing in the morning, I hope she's ok :( can she go blind?
Wheels up! Memphis to LA.
Yes! june 2, i cant even wait! we're planning a flashmob infront of the venue for the boys as well :)
don't feel lonely :( i'm sure you've people to talk too :)
Today I'm giving up pretending I'm Catholic.
just checking on u ladies...,love
mtv movie awards.....O YA
We're uploading Parachute & One Direction Pictures today!
I just wanna see Prometheus
Howard Bison are ready to give their band some competition, by John Feinstein, Washington Post....
I once spent a session helping a 17 y/o remove her damaged tips with acetone while we talked. Sigh, I miss her.
Bullied by the Anti-bullies. How sad is your life right now?
appreciate that. Looking for something today. Lady may ride her 125 tomorrow, but only got the fatty. Thank u though homie!
If you could take your two-week dream trip, all expenses paid, where would you go?
cant wait!!! Have a blast tonight welcome back to Laredo!!! :D
Great AIGA board meeting today! Pumped about the next year! Thanks for letting me be a part!
haha i cant stop laughin sam omg hahaaaa stalker
Much of the Little Review pretty funny actually, thanks mostly to Anderson's slightly oddball genius
Rise and shine it's work out time...still can't get that weird dream about outta my head...
All days are not same. Save for a rainy day. When you don't work, savings will work for you. - M.K. Soni
eating noodles
#fridayreads Vol 4 Book 11 Churchill's History of English-Speaking Peoples. Fascinating to get Englishman's take on the American Civil War.
#ConfessionNight: I listen to Taylor Swift more than your sister.
congrats On your upcoming #TEDxNYED talk. People can learn from your words of wisdom. I know I have
Remember when you helped me tape my arms?
Delayed flight back to DC ... Its ok ill take anither hour and a half in the sunshine
fun seeing u on the road yesterday! Isn't that the SAME spot we passed each other last time??
Better 2 rely on yourself!
My mother had morning sickness, AFTER I was born
MORE DESIGN ON THE HORIZON...
how much?
Good Morning World!! Currently at 9:10am in Atlanta, GA it is 48 degrees. High: 57* Low: 48*
The best thing about January 1: FOOTBALL FOOTBALL FOOTBALL!!!! Too bad my Wolverines aren't in a bowl for the 2nd straight year.
"To be authentic, you have to have passion & purpose." Not sure if I agree. What about ppl still figuring it out, open 2 unknown?
Just found 200 dollars in a old birthday card
you didnt do anything! ily and i'm here if u need to talk :) <3
Freaked out wen i saw a stand up of at macys and i sprayed my self with
"You kno a nigga mad when he do tha clap+hop" Boi we was WILDIN'!!!
Happy Monday! What's on your mind this week?
s/o 2oo :) nice twitcon, have a great day tomorrow, sweet dreams, & goodnight :)
Dweeb? Best you got?
We just gave #RichardLawson the celebration of a lifetime! Happy B-day!
It's all over my tongue, but still it has no taste cause without you there is no me.
lmfaooo Wow you think they'd fix that
« “: Ima Miss The Seniors But When Yal Leave Ima Be A MF SENIOR BITCHES #2013”»
you seem a little sensitive about that. Enjoy your life.
Craziest shit just happened
#edchat I wish we could!
1st tip: decide before you get your chickens what you're going to do with post-menopausal birds that no longer lay eggs!
Wow, Bridesmaids is a fantastic comedy. Kristen Wiig is beautiful and hilarious.
#CT2011 - "why should faculty use new technology?" common question. Ken: "we don't have good evidence." Yep.
Hey , I'm an Android user (previously an apple user) but I watch the Apple Byte because it's rather entertaining. Keep it up.
We are glad to hear that Michael! What brings you to San Francisco?
hopefully reflections.
i am starting to think that is never going to follow any of his indiana fans !bummer! but u will still say NEVER SAY NEVER : (
I love the weeden pick. I'm not looking at age I'm looking at can the guy produce. The guy is smart and like he says he can sling it
The earthquake near DC shook things up at the office, but we were still able to meet our deadline and all afternoon deliveries were sent!
At the dentist.... Hopefully I don't throw up on them...
happy mothers day ! love you
spending a perfect summer evening inside, creating appliances with well, at least i won't get capped...
Today, my pendulum/spirit guides said that President Obama will become re-elected in Nov. 2012 as President of the United States.
LOL Don't get lost Mary!! drive to Dyker Heights/Bensonhurst.
not just excellent - one of the best bands ever!
Wearing my Rita's T-Shirt that my Charleston Family bought me on brother retreat. It was good luck then, so maybe it'll be good luck now!
Dope Joint fam
So many coffee tweets! Can you tell I had mine?
Do you have a friend who will do anything for you? Mine came to my show instead of going to a Yankee playoff game! <3
Laika was the first doggie to travel to space.
Spring break is coming up I wonder how many will be on Maury because of their drunkin actions. Like rambo stay strapped up..
Philanthropy just sounds like a dirty word.
. really duped me today. Baltimore Dad? Well done, sir.
I know!!! It's so stupid! But you basically have to watch a bunch of commercial and read magazines:p
You're welcome. The post was nicely written and I actually miss baseball games myself since our sons are now in college!
omg, alex noticed you. whens the wedding?!
What kind of suggestions? I am seeing an acupuncturist next week. What should I be prepared for?
Tim Burton's exhibit at LACMA is fantastic !!!
As soon as I am done at hockey. Have cold beer ready please.
im just me...how are you doing brother? Glad to see you working
Went to Rudy's for lunch with the fam. M BBQ pulled pork.
Mistakes mean progress. Keep writing. Keep making mistakes, and then correcting them. Embrace the process.
Oh... It looks like a stadium. I used to be able to walk in through the gate and walk right up to the stage :)
S/o to Dj Freez going ham on the 5'o clock #trafficjam!
wish i could! on the bus home from a field trip! haha
I'm glad HE apologized to me :) Ah I love my boo :)♥
Lloyd playing for on the 76ers cuh...
your face is disgusting an immoral, god is ashamed of you.
Do you have a life mission? If so, what is it? What brings you a sense of purpose?
if u have a headache stomach ache and ur hot but dont have a high temp then u are getting the stomach flue :(
So true, easier said than done sometimes RT : "If you don't have enough time, stop watching TV" - Holstee manifesto
I'm looking for a RSS reader more robust than Google Reader. Any suggestions?
If anyone was wondering what to get me for christmas, two words: Forever Lazy!
Hey!!! Did You Change Ur Username??
I want some pizza. I am hungry af.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up. ~ Muhammad Ali
Seattle has a disloyalty card too! Sadly, can't remember which shops participate, small local coffee.
Miami Heat. They was two games away from a ring and they can't wait to get back on the court against the Mavs
Do some Spring cleaning! Get rid of all that extra stuff today! List it in your local online Market Place on www.servicebox.com!!...
WARNING...My give-a-d is busted and I'm all out of give-a-sh*t. It must be Wednesday!
I have a good attitude but no time to be an #actor. Sad face.
oh yell. Setting about 10 rows off floor across from Georgia bench now. Cats had a little scare today.
aww....... I knew u would put a pic up
Saw that you were a follower of the talented
Setting up for a LitFuse Action Hero photo shoot! Hell Yeah!
Slept in tweeties!!!!! My besties had a bubby girl yesterday!!!!! She's so beautiful!!!!
Lovin' and 's amazing line! Hope I win ;)
My pleasure.
aye I got it ima fix em have em to you soon bro
I love how you always speak your mind. Bethan >
In the lab ....... Go to sleep with music on the brain wake up with music on the brain.
oh boy! I can't wait to come out have a few drinks at the CH then be looking hot n sexy with you in the pool ! Hehe
Don't let ur feelings run wild. Discipline ur feeling to line up w/ the word of God - Pastor Matthew
Wow!!! They str8 flippin in blue martini!! That's wats up! Very laid back
Ayyyee > RT : I dont mind RT #KenPossible_: Do you mind if I stroke you up ? Do you mind if I stroke you down ?
I'm going home.
Is your small business web site not getting on the first page of Google's organic results? Reply for a free one hour phone consultation!
oh and thanks for the follow
Maybe Pedro skypes so loud because my chili farts are too noxious?
Eye Spy Betty Lash, Organic Glow, and Be Belle Featured on Page 70 of Austin Monthly!!! Get your copy today!
yes it was a great inspiring episode of #lifeAfter... Now following you!!
Nice article in American Libraries!
“: Haven't seen that one yet...how is it?” It's good. I like it :-)
yep. Works perfectly. See you there. Can you drop me an email with your phone number?
You got it - looking forward to it absolutely. I'll be back in town sometime mid month We'll connect.
shweet O.O #friendship!
"New Years Eve and a cup of noodles..." I feel you Carrie Bradshaw
Why are these forever 21 bitches at Nordstrom bistro? We all know you can't even afford the kids meal
Time Tip Tuesday- Spring Cleaning!! To help you master this lean, mean spring cleaning, check out this article for some great ideas. What...
Saw you're hiring again. Need any help?
Candidates do not know what questions they will be asked tonight for #SCCMayor Forum.
that's pretty cool!!
My best friend is my dad!
i protest homework. PROTESTINATING
To make the world better all we need is more people like you.
School,cheer,then dance later
Does anyone have advice on keeping comments spam-free or is that even possible?
RT : All temp files are saved for 4 days. No more accidentally not saving your file. Nice!
I can't believe it ended that way :(
I wonder of all the once-watched every night movies piled up in each and every casket, urn and brain on display. I eat the hot dogs I dream.
luxury comfort for your little one! Convenience for moms :)
I seent u shining tho. No more poon for u!
If Birdman IS involved in child porn, he needs to never play in the NBA again...
glasses aren't so bad! warbyparker.com has some really great ones
When I was dating my husband, my mom told me to let some "poor tall girl" have him. Obviously, I didn't! We luv our tall guys
Can't call it living life in all it's awesomeness!!!! POOF!!!!
Anyone interested in a vintage paperback copy of the Real Donny & Marie? Book is free and & shipped for free to your door in the USA.
Already switched to it thanks for the heads up
whoa! Jess the city is beautiful!
At SWSAC for Cooper Hewitt City of Neighborhoods training. Design for teachers! (and arts educators)!
65% of community college cell phone and Internet connectivity. Higher than grad and undergrad. Surprising.
Or you can do what she’d want:smile, open your eyes, love and go on
Thanks for the RT Chet. Such an important reminder to know when work is done (and to really BE done!)
LIKE i said, you know i'm almost dead you know i'm almost gone. n when the drummer drums he's gonna play my song to carry me along.
Attend the Job and Internship luncheon by today from 12:30-1:30pm in AMU 227. Little Italy is on the menu and its powered by Kohls!
Niggas think it should B taken as a compliment when they say "u could b a stripper" smh
I know I should be sleeping, but here I am. What's up Twitter?
chains for sale!! Soon will be up on website! keep checking back or contact me directly
Everyone has secrets n this will remain a secret till confirmed and official
Beiser: Two of the "highest performing elementary schools in California" are on the list for closure
"You can't get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good." -Jerry West (our quote of the day)
I'm on cloud 9.. With the sims 3.. Dan got it for me! Beast brother in law ever.. Gonna have to think of a way to thank him
TIP: use 'Miami' #coupon at checkout to get 30% OFF
Bo! Guess what? There's a Bon Chon by my new apt lol
You're the Man. Thanks for the shout out!
It's said you might someday enter politics. Look me up in DC. I was 14 yrs in Congress & can share insights. BaylorClassOf1971
that's true, but before she was mean about it. She was nicer for some reason.
You all gonna watch The Good Sisters online tomorrow?? I will be there.... From my couch..LOL!
”Big thinking precedes great achievement” - Wilfred Peterson
Look for our pamphlets and chalked information for FALL RUSH 2010!
Thanks for the love!
..but I am continuing to help out with postal museum things from afar, so I will keep your contact info!
Fantastic. I will b one of your first followers!
exactly and I always let him sit in the front of the bus on team trips
Well isn't that something! :)
Are digital materials *less* accessible to ppl in developing countries? What is the alternative?
Just seeing you makes my day :) I wonder when you'll realize this.
good end to the weekend.. but school tomorrow...
I have a really unhealthy fear and that scene in FD plays in my head anytime turbulence hits. True story.
Pitbull ad. Complaints about officiating. Peter Frampton ad. "It's the Circle of Life...."
haha u look at least 16
karmas a bitch
I wish Austin would follow me. He's my inspiration and pretty much my life!
well f*** her
GO #GIANTS!
Update: to begin filming her 3rd music video in Virginia next week. Her song "The Look" charted #20 in Germany.
Great game! Torn between two teams
Heading back to America soon!
Phaedra's mother is a pastor, but I am trying to figure out what scripture she is following that she will not "recognize" a child
Today is shaping out in favor of a lil ol black girl with big eyes from ga...whowudathunkit! lol ;)))
yeap that's me then just send a request then I still didn't get ur message
Baby J & Live at Cattleman's Square Tejano Explosion 2012 - W Houston & N Frio! Marcos Orozco on stage now...Michael Salgado at 9!
Good stuff!
Don't send Dia home! She's amazing!
watching it now mountain time!
So much for the not eating out as often!
I'm always falling for a girl that's taken LOL
very nice
At the airport, on my way to ORD for #saa11!
Is it too much to ask for a, "I'm sorry. I fucked up."
FRIDAY NIGHT FUN TIME! Go to Wolski's and try some Hop On Top!
lol can you really??
isnt that your beach party?
it's great to have supporters like you! Thank you so much!
watching Shark Tank, great show, on Hulu
Some of them want to use you Some of them want to get used by you Some of them want to abuse Some of them want to be abused
Nathan Gale: "encourage digital literacy at all levels"
the light!
Co-Main Event: Todd Williamson beats Morgan Sheppard at 2:15 in the Second Round via Tap Out due to Triangle Choke.
Fact shows. I don't believe Dennis Slothower anymore.
Mom talking about Selena Gomez: well she does have a wierd looking face hahahahahahah.
i am doing really well:) you marissa and i should hang out before i leave
leave work now I wanna play
What Time Is It! Adventure Time!!.. well not yet im still #atwork :(
Student: "May sound silly but I was really expecting an A instead of a B. Please think about this and get back to me." Ha!!
ITS NOT MAY!!
Okay #GameofThrones do your worst!
“Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back everything is different...” - C.S. Lewis
Love your use of the word "reckon." Proud to fly the colors.
Where did the lovely warm weather go? ?!?
u truly have an awesome site! I look forward to making use of it. I hope my site will be as successful someday soon. Sourcical.com
No quiz or discussion in online class today yes
The top tweet on the #BandsILove hashtag outta all hashtags? I think my job is done here.
Greatest of top>
daz wassup im proud of u :)
My guy friends' girlfriend's always like hate me. Why.
Hi, errrryone! It's Cat! What's up, luv bugs? Xoxo 💗
I actually already liked u guys on fb since long ago ok!
Easy! Push it in the harbor and see how the british react.
...Blue suede shoes stay crispy like bacon - <3
Rocking my Regis Wedge, courtesy of #FreePeople!! SO SO FLY!
congrats my dude!!!
oh lord, I just enjoyed that so much.
we better not get bailed on tomorrow!! I will not be a happy person.
Sorry - we didn't get your message today! All was calm by 6pm. Let us know if you made it or if you need to reschedule.
is the best sound engineer hands down...
Looks like I'm living out of my car...
have a blast!
finally figuring out how to use twitter properly, after all these years!
The Residences is hosting a media dinner tomorrow night at Match Play. Send me your email for an invite.
Who's in the gym today
Sometimes grownups don't listen either.
yes sir gonna be $40 for t.shirt, bus, food, beer on bus etc etc.
It hurts the most when the person that made you feel so special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today.
Carlos and I are booked at the Andaz 5th Ave as long as they don't get overbooked and we get walked to another hotel.
i'm back! seems like no one missed me
saturday night lets hangout! Dibs!
silly yankee, poor little man couldnt stand being kissed by the cute and cuddly gator....wait til tommorrow sucker..lol
what ever do u mean gracey?
Is the demonstration in SF the Tea Party boycott of SF?
Super happy
Iced coffee!
hm..taylor swift? :p
no, you're not.
Cody Ross does it again!
get out! I stayed there a couple of years ago. Bet it will be a great set!
wrote the script for the 2000 sound train awards. Don you will be missed!!!!
lol you hell bruh , but I still gets the ladies !
the true counts on your profile. all apps and home page load slow
We enjoy all the great people we get to meet in our work!
of course baby girl ;D
CALLING ALL fans PLEASE help get #FlowWithTheGo and #Martika trending this week!!!!!!
Spirited Art with momma. Ready to be creative! And not ready for momma to leave in the morning :( #happy/sadtweet
Kush Hour TV is looking for Artists to feature on the show. Send video's and music to
I only miss you when I\'m breathing Ionly miss you when my hear beats
Going to be a great session! RT: Attending #GPPCMA Meeting on achieving your dreams with speaker Mike Lyons
Sitting in my men's group & a recovering addict said "Crack ain't my problem...it's my solution. Nobody talks to me 'bout my real problem!"
glad to hear you like the Dell printer!
Cap and gown line is kind of like ghosts of Christmas past...
That sounded suspiciously like a transformer blowing up.
Thank you, Marillina! RT bruce great at Grammys I like your cover
I love this World. I love music. I can't stand World Music!
Work until 12 then driving to Michigan. It's going to be a long night :/
Home team on left, away team on right. Correct me if I'm wrong but isn't that the norm? And even of we flip it to mimic other US sports...
i recently found out that Siam is today's Thailand - gotta love History !
Instagram is for babies, animals, and weird shit you find in the street ONLY.
AT&T doesn't have LTE in Seattle, boo!
where y'all located and what's the rate???
Delicate balance of leadership as hospitals buy up physician practices but still work w/ independent docs - JH
its raining, its pouring..too badd city rain smells like poop.
>> Thanks for speaking @ #140cuse. Do you work w/ academics re: teaching and learning projects?
I miss your sexy ass! :)
- That suit in your profile pic is way fly. Can't wait for your return next week! You rooting for any teams this week?
Congratulations Erroyl Rolle! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
Dear Mama
John Byrd playing fopr free right now, peoples!
not sleeping tonight #YOLO out with
Abstract artist searching for Art Consultants - www.timhovde.com
you tweet to much
no problem :] and sure thing
waiting on some #jimmyjohns -- thanks :-P
did u see rondo threaten the tnt cameraman? Had to be restrained.
Calling Northern Highlands Wayne Valley Hockey for MSG VARSITY!!!!
hahaahah ijs she can get it.
The power is out at my place. Anybody want to give me a play-by-play of the Tigers game?
Just over a week out and do my knee and ankle hopefully won't slow me down
Happy Mother's Day! Open from 8am to 4pm.
If marquette was playing richmond....we would have a game!!
: oh yeah! Okay. I forgive you
"Acting is one of the great humanizing professions." #HHAwards honoree Kevin Spacey
Snoring is the same in any language
#ItsAmazingHow you say you're my friend but you never act like it
... Or better yet, how can an exact number represent a cold or warm feeling? ☀☔☁🌙💦⚡🌀❔❔❔
Who would we contact about snagging an interview/show coverage with you while you're on tour? Thanks!!
Thanks for the mention, Heather.
thank you dolls!! ❤❤❤
it's so beautiful
Holy crap, this guy has the voice that you do the impression of Will Farrell aping in some skit or movie or something!
#brandbowl winners so far = dogs &
awlready be safe..
Truth is the property of no individual but is the treasure of all men.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just left Zion's house in Cleveland. Practice ran late, and we got a lot done.
yup, lulling us into a false sense of security
Thanks to god for letting me get up this morning
Kid and her parents just showed up. Mom looks a little nervous about the size of the plane.
Basketball team is sitting on the bus and tweeting at each other! #lazy hahaha
thank you for everyone thats helping make my 14th bithday magical i love all of you and thanks to my followers for following!!!!!!
It's 70°F! Enjoy! RT The first gentle breath of spring is so divine. What a day to be out and about in NYC!
That's the one! Lol
I just realized there's a lot of people I somehow followed that don't speak English & its really annoying
Goal Del Zotto!!!
good night of film, ready for 3 more games this week.
Thank you!
Today is National Prime Rib Day! What size cut do you get,and what are your favorite side dishes to pair with it?
I hate when cashiers ask "Is that everything?" Uh no Bitch, I'd also like all this invisible shit...
This bus sucks
Thank you and VentureSHOT for the generous sponsorship. The attendees will be amazed by everything that VentureSHOT has to offer.
I called you
omg. that is phenominiall.
Hey Orlando! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
So excited for the surprise is bringing us today!
We challenge what the norm may be! Express yourself through the gift of dance...404-991-7081
O.O
The neighbor boys are playing basketball. The girls are flirting by singing. The girls are not getting the desired results. Dogs are hiding.
Who is she
I think that's true for everyone - but it can be encouraging! It means you can do something about it :)
That awesome moment when your telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins in.
I understand. Completly.. text me
I have been a shopper for 8 years now, used to be a regular at the Tysons Corner store in VA! Still obsessed...
#IfYouKnowMeWell..then don't cross me..
Cool. Look forward to hearing your thoughts on the book! cc:
see ya at Ta Cocina!
What were you noming on last night :)
what shows did you/are you going to see? suggest, once & 1man2govs. thanks for keeping this nyer sane with podcasts
Never settle.
Thank you for the tweet! :-)
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Zin makes awesome wine - great website too!
I did see that previously. It’s awesome ^ 5.
My subdued desire to learn bass is rising from the depths more and more. Ugh.
Awesome chat and interview today with legendary guitarist Frank Marino of Mahogany Rush. Frank's an extremely intelligent & caring person.
Best of luck Phil take it down!!
aids??? haha u gay fag
Friday should be fun!! :)
ha I forgot how you are the ultimate sports guy. You always know what's going on. Who's doing the best in the AL East? Boston?
#whendiditbecomecool to smoke? drink and drive? do drugs? kill people? bully people? someone tell me. it's still not cool.
I wish I'd gone down to Indy just for the afterparty!
It is radio like you that keep the dream alive for so many musicians! Thank you for doing what you do!
hahahahahahahah you love me
Bonswa , I have questions about SMS campaigns in Haiti. Is there someone I can talk to about rates and requirements? Mesi
RT : I hate how I go to sleep late as fuck and still wake up early... fucking ridiculous
Absolutely! ": Great football player. Decent Human Being. #Inspiration."
So yesterday I dropped a plate and pieces went everywhere. IDK why it was so much. It was only the corner.
Blackberry just has a life of its on. Whats going on with T-Mobile how can your Service be this bad.
Who is childish to began with. Not letting me out. Wtf anyways. That's how I drive
Who knew what rednecks do would be so interesting to cable audiences?
Spent 60K Stupid
I also want to take a mount to point out that now tweets more than
i was real close to getting a shirt that had u and the cast on it but decided to get the one online of just you haha i love it!xo
are your items for sale made in USA?
Ok how did her hair detach from the tower after she slid down her own hair and no one else was up there
80% of chronic disease is caused by prolonged exposer 2 stress hormones. eating well, moving more & thinking positive reduce stress hormones
now make that mother fucker hammertinne (;
yes I would. How will they conduct it?
Good morning! Hope all is well.
lmao love ya
Mvp my ass
Who knew zine fest could get so loud?
Join Coach Katie TONIGHT at Foster Avenue Beach at 6:30PM for a TEAM Run. All T2 athletes and friends are welcomed!
After this night, I'm glad I have off tomorrow. =)
that's what I'm talkin bout lol all that sexiness just make ya wanna eat dat ass up lol
We're also sorry you're not here. Been learning a lot and having a great time -- venue is nice, people are great … ;)
Ugh, some dude just pulled my table, with my coffee and my sunglasses completely away from me at Starbucks.
broke curfew it seems, though imagine there was more to it.
love the pic!
You know the US economy is in bad shape when Starbucks starts closing stores!
Summer in march??
On hold! #shitty !
I love you Record Store Day. I love you so hard and so long.
I love the pic of you little in your dads arms. He had a fro! Awesome
it's the complete opposite of awsome
merry vicmas to
Happy Birthday to our own Matt Keppel!
Enjoy Ya Day (Everybody)
It is currently 67 degrees at 700 ib the morning in,the middle of November.
Thank You!!
RT S/o to follow her rite now
and I have stopped following each other on Twitter. Read into it what you will.
Hey, remember when Bobby Valentine was almost the Brewers manager?
I'm on the bus! (hopefully the right one that goes to work) See you soon
since when do you tweet all the sudden?
Enjoyed on today. He made some great points that needed to be said for the Asian/Pacific Islander community.
Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but some abuse the privilege.
I would like her entire wardrobe plz. Is that so much to ask?
Just heard CNN apply the term 'pivot' to a presidential campaign. I guess pivot means 'waffle'.
Thanks for the RT!
Any chance of hearing "Up!" tonight in Boston?
Hmm where shall we go with 10% off Virgin airlines through Amex :-)?
Do you KNOW POSIT+VE? Find out how to be in the KNOW at the Indiana AIDS Fund booth at Indy Pride tomorrow.
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” T.S. Eliot
Devote today to something so daring even you can't believe you're doing it. -Oprah
It's vary important to mix up death sentences. You wouldn't want them to get boring.
The Orioles hit a cutoff man. I repeat, the Orioles hit a cutoff man.
hate when my feet fall asleep omg
Nicole Kidman back to Zac Efron and blonde hair too on set of The Paperboy - Daily Mail
yeah no kiddin! "We'll raise some hell where the blacktop ends."
Wow that was a great opening for October. I can't wait to see all the Buster Keaton!
Ah well! I am their leader, I really ought to follow them! - Alexandre Auguste Ledru-Rollin
Contact us if you like for us to form your next event. We promote adult sports leagues and tournaments!
i respond to everyone who DM's me, in hope it may be Justin Bieber or Austin Mahone's other account for fans.
Thank god I work at a coffee shop
You take the time to listen to our music, why wouldn't we answer!? You're awesome, keep listening! :P
girl your Beautiful!:)
UGH - going to miss #DTHR again today. Will catch the download later....
aren't those cute? He's a sweet kid.
I let you go because I knew that I had to In order to let you be happy
Milwaukee Youth Council meeting today and our main focus is violence and youth safety
Don't forget Dre's party tonight at 7pm at Amandas also if you're not going please go to Harla May's in Belen at 7pm
Romo holder today against the Seahawks...oh boy
night night
just deactivated my facebook today is interesting
I no this may sound stupid but what's diggy twitter
Aha. I love my #twitterbffs cause their always there for me. I can always count on them to talk when I need someone.
Using the browser on the iPad works pretty well now. So try that out. iPad app is in our plans but not ready yet.
Judge Grendell will allow the media to cover #chardon shooting proceedings of TJ Lane but not take photographs of faces of Lane or family
You guys will have some this week. Page 19. RT : can we get some lax love #sickpicthough"
Aww, my sister is crying.. )':
Happy Birthday & thanks for the great play this season, No doubt you're the MVP. Go #Dodgers!
hmm, we might need him in Utah... Skype at minimum. That's 5:30 SD time.
156 and my first turkey! Look what my son's taught me now.
Stop at loaded slate tonight, my friends are in a competition
Great meeting this afternoon w/ to plan our #asu class.... Which by the way... I think will ROCK
1) remember the fundamentals. 2) design for growth. 3) build critical mass early on. 4) create permeable spaces.
Take care
what site was that? so we can check it out...
we're actually working on a show there sometime soon, around April or May. I'll be sure to let you know if anything gets booked
Sorry, Virginia is out, the best climate for avocados is #Fallbrook (San Diego). They can't take too much cold, wind or heat.
Is that _Underworld_ or just you?
happy to include you! So far so good this week-though I feel like it should be Thursday. How's your week going?
#replaceatlsongswithkirken damned if i do kirken
See Mayor Nutter read for #Bloomsday and then join us at Plays & Players for the 3pm show!
One step closer to home. Plane needed two tires in Phoenix. Great week at #spprosummit. Made some new best friends! Door closed. Jere we go
my gf totally works there....aka free yogurt!
MT : Molina sucks at bunting, batting, blocking pitches, everything (except maybe calling games)
Very proud of the Wind Ensemble and Baseball today for outstanding performances. LC Band=5th in state & LC Baseball headed to Victory Field.
Actually Frank Sinatra first said Yolo not that silver back gorilla
#hungergames : good, but don't think it lived up to the hype
See what we did! DA PITBULL IS IN DA HOUSE is trending worldwidee!
Sir, your pinky ring is so offensive/disgusting to me that I must avert my eyes. Unless it's a RingPop, men should never have pinky jewelry.
don't be sad:)
We're closed weekends and provide support during business hours. Our staff should be replying to your ticket soon!
Nephs I don't think any 16 year old should have this hatred.
Watching Shark Tank! :)
Greetings to from half a world away.
Getting ready to interview Kidd Kraddick in the NewTek booth at NAB!!!
Happy one month of married life Hippo Shoes. :-) Love you. Oh that's for those who don't know.
No author here, but me + biblio friends freq shop used bkstores searching 4 gems by loved authors. Hope they don't feel sad.
- Jeannie in I Dream of Jeannie was from Baghdad. Totally reminiscent of the flying sequence of Extraordinary Girl!
I have to pee.
I can really be heartless sometimes... 😁 got to work on that...
i really don't wanna deal with idiots in school today..I just wanna sleep.
Let's get em Cooke, get some well-deserved goals
#FF Shout outs to these great tweeps:
Laying in bed tired af trying to decide should I get up and get my day started or go back to sleep or jus lay here, morning decisions Lolz
your welcome! Enjoy the last hour and 13 minutes left of your birthday!
The fashion on the show the PARKERS <<<<
Can I put IOUs in the douchebag jar? I only ask because — you know — gotta wear a leap day ascot.
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists! Do a lot of marketing?? Return Customers receive lifetime discount!!!!
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left. ~Hubert Humphrey
I dance like a white girl to Breathe Carolina.
Like really gift from God. (:
I put my mom gift on her bed , I wonder if she opened it right now
You don't use my own spell against me. Yes Potter, I'm the half blood Prince-Severus Snape Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince
and her restroom experiences LMAO
Too funny Renegade!!
Thank you ! So randy!
RT : Thought of you RT : I wish I was a super hero so I could fly to see the earth, to fight...
Nvm we have to wait for my brothers girl friend...... Yay......
Time makes you bolder
2 RECORD LABEL TO CALL ME IN MY LIFE 20 THOUSAND AINT ENOUGH FOR 5 MONTHS OF TOURING N SHIT ILL PASS #IMONONE #O'LRELIABLE #WATUP DOE
These next two weeks <<<
no I just never got better
that wouldn't surprise me
Taurus' are very Loyal!
It's the Hay Moon, so make Hay while the sun shines, and make Merry while the moon is full.
Refreshing to see a company & its customers celebrating their partnership! Congrats to all involved at #pug2011. It's all about the people!
Hope ya'll ready. July 1st will be here soon! #topFamEnt will be launching the #EyeCandy- follow us here for 1st dibs pics ;)
Complete this tweet for a chance to win a couple hours of free driving: "Hey , my favorite #Zipcar is __ because it's __"
Oh c'mon! Have you guys never had Dogfish Head? The beer F'n ROCKS! Even when they put Pumpkin in it!
Were you at #webwise today? Sorry I missed you. Hope all is well at the MD State Archives.
Sweet Apple Acres – Original MLP Song by MandoPony | Straight ...
Vintage shopping this morning. Gotta find a mid-50s dress for my JCPenny audition today. This should be fun!
trust me, I missed it purposely.
Update 400, In obligatory form, Is no haiku.
Grateful to have great friends who can shed incite into situations where I have none :)
Come to www.howtowatchhockey.com for all your NHL games live online never miss your team play again enjoy the games live !!!!!!!!
Back off bot-lings. I want not your e-book.
I know, its a little weirdo pocket :p You at work?
As of today, I have a 21-year-old kid. Can you believe that shit?
I be feeling the same way!
Playing Day 1A of the 10k main event today. Been up since 5, already got a workout, swim and huge healthy bfast in. Time to grind..
if u r interested in working w/kids/families c what local head start program is up 2. Luv cultural aspects of nutrition counseling
eat some more or drink water?
Guillen entered with a walker, in a red jumpsuit. He's handcuffed
No... THIS is a Testosterone Festival... www.TexasTestosteroneFestival.com
Happy Valentines Day Sweet beautiful Jewels.xoxo :-)
“: YOLO is NOT an excuse to eat your girl while she on her period .”lmao
but guys im still dying at that skit last night omfg its so freaking funny
And all I want to do is just go screaming in your face
i cant even listen to austin on the radio. its full. fml.
I'll check it out when I have more time, and definitely send you some feedback.
Did you get your room all fixed up?
Ok - I missed something. Meatloaf? Guns N Roses? What did I say to illicit that response. #CrazyMonday ;)
Work at 7am,I am screwed.
yes, common #opengov fallacy! Slight kudos to the Mayor for keeping presence on social media, but optimal:
Gotta love Summer :) 
Got a niga at the YMCA getting work out now I need them angle like hands to work there magic
How is your weekend going? It's been busy on this end. Busy is good, right? That's what they keep telling me!
its such a beautifully depressing song
Haha you can't miss those moves
oh please please come!
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act. ~ Truman Capote
Yeah BRAC isn't helping me either. A friend of mine just got a mortgage well below what his rent was.
How did I manage to burn these egg rolls?!
thats how my vision is after 2:00 am ... :O
well I've always known that one, I am intelligent without you to a degree haha
ftp script stopped working exactly at midnight #leapdaybug ?
I've never heard of them! Where are they located?
The body burns ALL the flesh as calories moving to next meal...maybe??
People will disappoint you...Isn't it good to know that ALL of GOD'S promises are true???
great day for it! Enjoy!! :)
u know your just 💩 lmaoo jk ur the the 💩
Optimist reading of poll #s: Dems expressing distaste w/centrism. W/ no alt on Left, Obama wins, moves left in term 2
400$ cause I forgot my court date
RWC final most-watched event in NZ TV history
I wish people would think before they are mean to people.
So upset I just wanna scream
Come hear about the #ReachOutandRead program at 4pm Sun in MCC-352 at #ala11 . Working with doctor clinics a great way to extend your reach!
dm your address and shirt size
You change your mind, like a girl changes clothes. & you, be a mess, like a bitch, I would know.
Thanks SandyRT: #followfriday the fantastic summer interns of : & Thanks for all you do!
THANK YOU for the note and the RT's Really Appreciate it - ENJOY that stick... The Chic'
yep! A woman's work is never done. Or something like that :)
MY FRIEND JUST PLAYED MY GAME I LOVE IT!! HEY TIM
Chuck norris counted to infinity - twice.
saw pics of you on Glee, lookin good !
Made some good progress today on my "Tower of Doom" in Minecraft.
Only seventeen but she walks the streets so mean c;
I so appreciate and see your heart in ur performances! God bless you on this journey!!
Got a headache
Heading to the showbox for our show tonight! Still need tickets? We still have em for 10 bucks just let us know!
"your too sweet you don't need any candy" - lita
Back to the studio this weekend! YES! FIST PUMP! We will have a new album soon, an honest to goodness brilliant effort is coming.
is singing tonight @ in Evanston from 8-Midnight with Dan Bruce, Joe Policastro & Mikel Avery
That Domino's Oven Baked Sandwich >>>>>>>
#happy thanksgiving everyone.
It must have been me? I never had one of their burgers. I feel so ashamed that I put them out of business here in the Springs
Thank you! Titles I wished I'd taken: > . I WORE THE OCEAN IN THE SHAPE OF A GIRL by
Second McDowell Hall mouse sighting this semester in the 7th floor lounge
My girlfriend said we can't hang out this weekend because she doesn't exist.----
Once more for some Bruce love, I'm gonna have to get one of those capos now. It just looks more sleek.
I love sniffing books and I cannot lie.
Watching my man warmup #RondosWife checking in 💚🍀💚🍀💚🍀
Merry Christmas, tweeps!!! Hope your day is filled with laughter and happiness. And of course yummy cocktails and foodstuffs.. ;)
Our Book of Lists Gala on Thursday will narrowly miss the weather...good times and good networking for all!
RT : Whiskey Cupcakes from are so freakin good!!!!!!!!!
Oh, Charles! Oh, Caroline! I loved the Little House books very, very much.
i'll check that out.
just created a twitter for our unborn child:
almost in AUSTIN!!!! SXSW get ready! Who's there already? let's hear ya!
Thanks!!! We appreciate your compliments!!!!!
you guys are so
Today is the day! Stock up for the weekend. We have great specials for you. It's hot so don't forget the ice.
"I wasn't that drunk", "DUDE! You jumped in the pipe screaming "MARIO! I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!"
Never leave the person you LOVE for the person you LIKE; because the person you like will leave you for the person they love.
super anxious for another lineup release from at least give us a date so we have something to look forward to?
Nic, not yer fault.. Nate didnt put u back in til under a minute left.. Weird cuz you'd been doing ao great on D
Nice! I don't get off the desk till1:30 so hopefully I can dash down and y'all will still have something on the menu
ikr? he made my night :)
I really loved your website and facebook page!!! Lots of great things, thanks for sharing....
there's a 24 hr taco bell. Im in trouble lol
Somebody is gonna get tossed tomorrow. Hopefully it's Bochy!
RT : RT : Tonight is the deadline to submit speaking topics for Ignite Detroit 3. You only have a few hours left!
*laughs* the kitchen is usually a good place to find comfort
I am not important enough for anything that anyone says about me to matter. Spam in a can, you are.
I can't believe I'm saying this....but RIP Steve Jobs. iSad.
There is now a music player on the website featuring 12 songs that I love and love to listen to while I create - Carrie
Indeed! RT : "Patient teacher" is a tautology. "Impatient teacher" is an oxymoron.
.. And we can laugh about it now.... CUZ IT'S NOT MONDAY TODAY!
Music Lessons on Webcams Grow in Popularity
technology... :) problem solved // we need to get you boys in the mag!
“: Did #Torres get sent off for scoring a goal? #RefereeInShock” - LOL!!
too bad I can't swing a multi day trip and catch Stoke too...
RT Playing with Esperanza Spalding on The Daily Show today! Tune in 11pm EST. I'm so grateful for this opportunity.
I'm not as dumb as the look on your face.
THIS GUY
Rockies Take Game One From the Dodgers - Rox Pile
Got my ticket for #EdCampColumbus tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting new campers.
that is more than most people do. I myself am trying to figure out how to help, grandiose maybe, Extremely necessary though.
Haha I cheated on somebody test shit was easy tho .. I'm ready for tomorrow ima ACE the shit outta this social studies ..
What does your friend teach?
Wow! What a great final four game
I'm looking for ppl/orgs that work with firefighter's in #India who may be interested in buying used uniforms at a discounted rate
also, friends stop getting so sick you go to the hospital. stay healthy people! #tooyoungforsick /
I just found out I will be moving to Buenos Aires to teach English! That's what I would say if my life was going somewhere.
Not familiar with Crash Course? Google it and learn about world history and biology in fascinating short videos by and Hank.
She was really concerned about me learning it though !! Even though she wasn't at work lol
It's funny when small children try to be helpful, because they are terrible at everything.
Unabashed for almost 40 years. No secret, that.
something like that
I can do anything through him trainer or no trainer #teamjesus silly man your workout plans arn't the answer, but my God is!
Late night action..Brauny with 3 homers at Petco
Listening to a show abt Native Comic Bk creators/stories..while I draw
Keep your 2012 New Year's Resolutions - #EATMORESOUP - STAY FOCUSED - Call us now for this week's #Soup Specials!!!
“: So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, & it will be yours. -Mark 11:24”
Tweet me once you sign up 1 lucky random sign up will win up to 1800 backlinks
My opinion. Meek Mill- House Party music video is filthy
mine would be Eli
may finally be seeing "The Battleship Potemkin" tonight!. #filmnerd go!
I LOVE MYSELF!!!!!(hopefully not too much, save some for tommorrow)
Do you guys have merchandise?
i cant believe angel has died:( my heart has broken into a million pieces</3 forever and always. rest in piece angel<3
My review of #HungerGames: 1984 + The Lottery + Survivor with some Tim Burton-esque costumes. Kinda long but good. I should read the book.
thanks for the follow!
that picture is awful take it off!! Lol
Yes Sir. You going to be there tonight Young Dank?
I think the blog cleared things up for anyone who didn't understand where u stood. U were in this business b 4 they could talk
I always realize its the wrong bra for the shirt I'm wearing after I leave the house. Why is that?
does curry re-structure mean trade? I'd take a 2nd... As Sanchez develops into franchise QB...Ugh.
Are the sugar pines are plotting to keep the incense cedars from getting jobs? The sequoias are pulling the strings behind the scenes
I know what you mean but it's cool looking.(:
Any Mother's Day Brunch menu to share
Yeah that was good. I like the quote near the end re "sense of the wonder of photography..." So sick of gear reviews.
Join us at 11 this morning for the groundbreaking of the new - in Station North at Barclay and Oliver
congrats to Big time congrats to the #alayma committee member for completing a monumental task
Also, I plan on cooking animals in your kitchen, but will leave it in better shape than I found it. Alright?
I was born in the 90s, I grew up listening to Nickelback songs (unfortunately), son.
have you tried yet?
Obviously I'm over-simplifying a complex topic. But romantic love was seen as subordinate to economic considerations.
Shekinah and Tiny always arguing about money they don't need to be in business together
Jackson, MS the ONLY southern city represented? #surprised!
Drama free Lord. Drama free!
What Whoo Hoo! What'd I miss?!?!
ooh cool little orange stools in the back!
home! So hopefully that'll help xx
Not after the #TweetUpBash last night LOL. I'm a total lightweight!
Arrived in Atlanta for the program with , , ,,
Congrats and thanks for joining in! RT: Yay! Thanks so much! Email sent
hehe I'm Smart!,
Underlying theme at #womcc -- authenticity, authenticity, authenticity!
there's a nest of baby birds (i think) in my proximity and they are very hungry.
we only argue when the lakers on👊
I can pretty much say whatever the fuck I want, when I want! :) if you don't like it ,Unfollow of Delete, I need the space anyways haha
RT Can anybody recommend their favorite MUST SEE movies?? last month of Netflix [Black Dynamite. Ip Man 1 & 2]
will you help me convince my mom to let me see you at playlist live plleeaassee???
What's your guess for the Casey Trial Jury selection location???...I don't think it will be further than 2 hours away
tomorrow my interview at Citi wish me luck!
today has been terrible with our you !
down with #fios up with air.
we got that covered
Tuesday, May 3: Murine CAE Model for Efficient Screening of Novel Therapies for Dry Eye Syndrome (D914) from 3:45-5:30PM.
I'm a very happy Milwaukee Brewers fan. On the bus, y'all.
Of course he does. :((
I'd snap after thus long ass day lol
Just learned about mae west's history. Had no idea of her remarkable BUSINESS career. Google it.
GIRL SCOUT COOKIE deadline has chnged to 2DAY! $3.50 a box. Remember, u can buy & donate cookies to the troops- SMILES 4 SOLDIERS. Tweet me!
#Thatawkwardmoment when you ask someone a question and they look at you like you have lobsters crawling out of your ears
yeah i know and maybe
A year ago the #Brewers had lost seven straight. They won 96 games last year.
let's change that! How have you been buddy? :D
Sounds familiar!RT : #LateNite productivity comes to an end! Lab, reading, volunteering, and writing to come tomorrow.
Now, if he can only be as good as Brennan!!
I found a new park to walk/run, it was laid back too!
Have questions about publishing? Ask Signs editors at #nwsa2012. We'll be in the Collage restaurant from 1 to 3.30 on Saturday November 12.
Smells like snow
Going thru Theo Parrish's complete discography......
Yess let's let these hoes starve!!!
I'm going to try an make it down for at least a beer....
what's good
So tired this morning...
3. Working overtime for extended periods indicates a failure in planning or communication.
#2011musictaughtme Anyone can be a pop star with a drum beat and some autotune:)
Kirko bangs drank in my cup!!!
its a show on abc
Thanks! Our pals at made it.
Justin bieber is gay
Did you find a DIY bike rental yet? I can query the Bike Belles.
Who is enjoying Sara Palin n the #TodayShow?
It's a bowl of cereal for dinner kind of night.
does this go to the courier? "no, I don't think it's getting couried." m curry...
it was a fist to symbolize that I will whip your as lol
#ThingsToBringHomeFromSpringBreak: Seashells, lots of photos, "I Survived Spring Break" t-shirt, wicked tan, that girl's phone number.
we were talking about this earlier. & i feel the same way. Lol
awww and i bet they are a bit costly too
I believe in the underdog. Who chases dreams and breaks down walls.
thought u were gonna come and say hello
everything been gucci this way. wbu?
Don't start no shit won't be no shit..
Ur such an inspiration U changed SO many Ppls lifes U #MakeAChange in the world Many Ppl look up2u even me u make us Stronger!
“: There are 102 flavors of Doritos worldwide.” New mission in life!
Had our holiday party in Cleveland this year. Employees of and came up.
I was thinking the other way around! ;)
lol..I'm soo slow jajaja I just realized was u meant
is beautiful. c;
And the sea is just a wetter version of the sky <3
thanks for the follow, can't wait to connect.
“: That's a far cry from my best, but I'm happy to walk away.” Heard it was really rough.
What in gods name is Adam Jones doing right now? Why did he take any of those swings? And why did Wieters just swing at the first pitch?
says never trust a guy with a bow tie. i might agree...
Ya Funny Lol Ol Wolf Lookin Ass
I'm shocked! (but I won't tell your mom)
'Dredd' is dark and gritty, says executive producer - Digital Spy
Being at the doctor sick <<<
In my opinion, they all are :x
Check out the talented Ajay Parham Don't miss out! 9PM - 1AM I $15 I
We'll be here too! RT rad, we're going to host a zine workshop this saturday for teco( teen council) #diy or
Ima act a plain damn fool tomorrow cause thats the closest class to us.
Startup funding: 10 teams, 10 weeks, $20,000. Apply to 10x by 11:59 pm May 6. Get your ideas out of your head and into the market....
Get out of the rain and enjoy some beer. We also have the #CAPS on.
I am yes! I am looking to do the side by side format - do you offer that?
Great TD Tone, Saved our season!!! One of the more clutch receivers n the game, Pittsburghs lose is def our gain.. Go Jetz!!!
Normally if we were eating we'd start a food fight lol
You would have to been thru something to talk about it
and i wish i knew you as well sexy. ;)
thanks for the follow!
They don't make em' like Bing Crosby anymore.
This summer, fly abroad - Hindustan Times
I couldn't sleep so I have been up all night
I just caught myself body pumping while watching America's best dance crew. In no way is that embarrassing.
Actually not *that* cheap, and fairly tasty. Columbia Crest "Two Vines" 2006 Chardonnay. From WA state, ~$10/bottle.
No great man or woman of God is without enemies who bash their names and accuse them of wrong doing.
When I Go To School I Smile When I Walk In The Doors
Watching cellblock 6: female lock up 👍 it's so good to be on the outside❤🌅
just released the greatest album #TheFlood BUY IT TODAY!
we sometimes have problems w/ students' hygiene (not bathing/using deodorant & reeking of smoke)
What does your favorite tattoo look like?
I have to go ..im tired ..good night everyone : )
He woke up wet at 2, so I changed him and the bed and he slept until 7!!!
Though late, he came to see me, hugged me, kissed me, cuddled with me, smoked with me, laughed with me, and smiled at me. #HesAKeeper ^_^
Camping out at a nearby outlet at SFO like a boss.
i LOVED that mad men moment.
Just told the tigers gave up 8 runs in the first and she says, "they have GREAT defense."
Hahaha, I wish. Gonna finish this today and then sneak off 2morrow and go crappie fishing. May even go Sunday too. Take mom :)
#Imagine you're crying in your room. Then Liam walks in. He says nothing. He holds you tight and gives you a soft kiss on the lips.
addai or carter tonight?
Last weekend of school! Can't wait to have my life/time back
You dont need someone else to tell you who you are. You need someone else to to tell you they love you for who you are.
I just wanna make it.
Cute, you suck at returning my calls...prob just dont wanna talk.
Heading to the Denver Zoo for our first Summer Playdate!
Check out Create Your Reel - they are the best place to get a reel!
If your "why" is strong enough, you will figure out "how" no matter the "what."
either but I thought u was speaking of the movie
I wish I was like 6'9 So I can get with Leoshi Cause she don't know me but yo she's really fine
COMING UP NEXT INSANE FT ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
Cleaning, Cleaning and MORE cleaning! Knocked out a lot.. All that's left is the Kitchen and Keari's room but I'm not going into her room ;)
maybe he is intimidated by your beastliness and doesn't want to be shown up by you
I like this guy... RT : A1: Today, it is just so much more important to set yourself apart from everyone else.
Fascinating research using tactile sensations in art. Colleen Ludwig from #UWM at
Sigh. Let's see it again. Roger...oh, roger...
On the road again lil airbrush glow time in lex let the glam begin!
GO TO THEY HAVING A 25% SALE TODAY ON ALL #CLOTHING AND
Manhattan-drunk Amber wishes you a fantastic Cinco de Mayo Eve and all ensuing manner of wondrousness!
Intramural basketball and racquetball sign-ups are happening now! Stop by PE 043 and get your team signed up to join in on the fun!
thanks for the follow and following back ...)
Eliminate pet treats containing gluten.
Went there many times as a kid! It's awesomely fantasy inducing! Would by-pass Disney for this.
It's May 1st you know what that means! Mango Tango!!! Eegees!
Shot Caller
happy mothers day!!!
Wow!! What a touchdown by Smith!!
Watching #criminal minds
Everyone says St. Louis fans are so intelligent. Two of these dummies have reached over and touched live balls tonight.
I once asked my dad why we didn't build a cloud city on Jupiter (like in Empire). He looked at me like was a genius but stone cold nuts.
BA BA BA BECKY AND THE JETS! hahahahhahah
Most of the YA books I've read for class have been about 250-400 pages a piece. Depending on the genre.
: Just read your profile.....and I feel the same way! Life can drive you crazy, if you allow it to!
Hows everyone doing to day?
Thanks for a fun & informative night at AFTRA. Great to see you again!
RT Decided to do some exercise. Feel better for it.
Michael Blackson is
chillin at Ex'pression College for Digital Arts...winter album, here we go!
Did you know "DIET" stands for: Did I Eat That?
I wanted to BUY hot wings mon, not MAKE it.
She says racial like ray-cee-al
There's nothing like Truth.
Twitter friends...please disregard latest tweet from Thursday morning...I've been hacked...please delete immediately...Thanks!!!
Arkansas basketball starts at 2 today in Fayetteville!! WPS
Thanks to , and you all looked amazing!!
Yep, as Mark Schneider predicted that meeting was half salon and half saloon. Damn hangovers are a bitch. But what fun.
Check out this hashtag for job advice! RT : We're looking for advice for college grads! Tweet your advice with
Go ahead and push me away and then wonder why I'm not there when you change your mind.
Self-publishing is certainly (already!) an option for academic writers, but w/out the $2.5 in sales. Q is: tenure? *drink*
The cord to my beats fell out and is gone -_- awesome.
. Wow, love your list of adventures. i do have to hold my tongue hard when my kids are doing big outdoor things.
Drugs, sex, abuse, and cheating... Your everyday eavesdropping at a California Starbucks. Reminds me of... Oh wait.
we should go to a museum or gallery soon!
sure are
Carlyn Davis Casting Thank you for the audition today! Always great to work with you.
who will be our lucky 700th fan?
#quotes #nature A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.
#nw Metta World Peace on Conan
Prepping for afternoon cast and crew meeting/rehearsals for my new short film "Friends."
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Quincy Means, Joyce Feaster, and Alfred Jefferson!
I wish boys weren't so oblivious to things...
i got horrible news about 6 hours ago
working on some lyrics if you want to help out ;)) lol
Honey Cocaine >>>>>
they are human! Cannot expect them to get every call right Jesus.
Smooth Jazz Pike over at the station!
Summer is fast approaching and now is the time to find special needs activities for your child.
Yum. How do u like ur pimento cheese? Spicy, mild, sharp????
5 TTs! Man That's Just The Way We Roll ;)
look at my tweets and there's a pic its no that far down :)
Walking with casey:)
WELL BE IN DENVER COLORADO FROM JUNE 14-17! Book your photo session today! 1-310-808-8583
Sounds interesting ... just be safe!
I'm walking the dog
Ok Good.
Just had triple 6 flop at holdem table
Truest of the true metal tomorrow. Cannibal Corpse - tomorrow - Exit/In.
So. I got yelled at for being by the windows and the door. But I did manage to get a glimpse of POTUS' motorcade as it passed by. Success!
#WeirdFactAboutMe is I love old cars!
she likes warm liquids on her face
She be trapped in the trash
yum, gluten free brownies!
I am taking the train tomorrow and then will carpool the rest of the days. *may* stay in town sat night..
well technically she didnt decide who won so how can she feel bad? The Grammy people voted....
I'm going to miss you
was there and heard it too.
Not only is it free to enter Summerfest until 3pm but has a 30% sale off our remaining Milwaukee apparel!
i even preptt the chicken for tomorrows chicken with penne & sauce mm
Smart ass!
I'm losing everyone important to me ,when does it stop?
Sand in my softbox made me smile today. Miss you !!
Come to visit our patio and side walk Cafe. We have 1/2 off all appetizers on Sundays! Delicious food!
i mean how can anyone turn down beer, bacon & corruption?
no u don't
just got off the turnpike. Home soon!
Yes, I understand that.
drink extra for me while I'm working 😥
Good morning everyone :)
most of the time
#FF Great meetings this week , , and ! Please
I miss my civies
Math is like love; a simple idea, but it can get complicated.
#games Konki Throw
We hope you will join us for our #BlackHistoryMonth sermon today at 10am at Second Bapt. Church, West End, 1400 Idlewood Ave.
Know any good stories this year?
thanks for the RTs!
Who is ready for #Thanksgiving? Fun fact: Benjamin Franklin wanted the turkey to be the national bird of the United States
#NF follow back so I can DM you
Parks and Rec is back! I'm in love with every single person on this show and yes, Ron's mustache counts as an entity all on its own.
Huntsman: advocates Congressional term limits.
Call me
Neither in this world nor elsewhere is there any happiness in store for him who always doubts. - Bhagavad Gita
I think that I'm going to work on my art project for maybe an hour. Then I"m taking a nap so I will be ready for work tonight.
Pretty much any art store or drafting supplies place should have them. They're usually called "non-photo blue pencils."
I recently started playing "Draw Something." Now if only the morons I'm playing could Spell Something.
So Ive heard that the WHC match was only a couple of seconds.
low cost pet vaccine clinic today from 1 to 2:30, and free treats too...
What video did you watch?
as in repeat you mistakes...
I mean brenbren for dinner and I ate too much. Uggg. Do you work tomorrow?
same! i woke up early and got ready? weird
I do!
RT : Gov Dayton signs education omnibus bill. Good news!
Pandas and Panic Attacks.
True. Both Williams and Ralph average 1 BPG and are equal with around 7 blocks so far this season.
Semi-finalist and student from Point Park University, Chelsea Ringer has changed her hair more than 5 colors in the past 3 years!
Smokers are stinky.
Thanks for an amazing time fighting childhood cancer tonight!!
I lied.....I was not ready for the weekend. Tired! But let's go Jayhawks!
Excited for tomorrow because i present my senior project tomorrow then I'm done with religion(:
Am1 is about the State's role in defining marriage. So long as the State defines marriage, traditional marriage makes most sense
Only time will tell, but I LOVE the balls of that move and I LOVE RG3 at every level as a prospect.
Hope you enjoy it ": Thanks for sharing. I've got something to check out over the weekend.”
Literary agent or literary agentrepreneur? (those who go beyond literary circle)
There are a lot Range Rovers downtown today.
Beautifying the world one pixel at a time.
The greatest need right now is turkeys. They can dropped off @ 1130 Park Ave West. But anything helps! THX!!
Ain't no point of wasting your time when everything gone remain the same .
But Tyron still didn't tell me at all tho
Or am im just a fresh rare ass nigga.......
So excited that it's football season!!! Wishing I was going to Nashville with everyone for the first game!!
Was wondering what the tip comment meant. Just saw the hacker tweet to you. Ridiculous. Wonder what else they sent...
A posse of newspeople at the Convention Centre for press conference w/Trayvon Martin's parents.
That's is a good idea. We've had a couple impromptu movie nights. We drag the couches in the big room w/ the projector. :) ^dr
Killing time at westshore mall in Tampa until chipotle opens. Taking myself out to lunch.
“: This shit ain't overnight get on your grind jack juheardd” I think he's calling you out
Who's up for a graduation gift? Just shout 'put it on myTab' and see the graduation travel cash roll in. Bigging it up for students!!
its all good. I jus been waitin for that
agreed!!! But I'm not one of them!!! It's not all of #BullsFam it's the dick riders that jumped on the wagon a month ago!!
Thanks for the shout out, And thanks for the comment as well!
o m g
Jesus loves u But i think youre an asshole
If your brand, your product was a person who would it be? Design personas for your business
great song!
Terrific ending. Never get tired of watching The Usual Suspects. So many classic one-liners too.
please repost the picture of the #toms ballet flats! It wont open and I must see!
#AGoodGirlfriend doesn't let her man's eyes wonder.
Seriously though...I love that boy:)<3
i'm just lovely! how have you been?
Can't beat winter weather in LA...
Sings of spring: breaking out the fancy socks to wear with your sandals.
i was doubting myself for a bit, but then something popped up in my research that was perfect!!!
Champions r champions not b/c they do anything extraordinary, but b/c they do the ordinary things better than everybody else-Chuck Noll
Soo my life was going good. Until you showed up. You made life amazing for me<3
haha awesome! Glad you got a pic of it... send that to my phone so I have a bigger version ya feel me
what a great Twitter battle
Excited to finally finish up my stock photography portfolio tomorrow!
That was a mess and a half! People used the same argument to keep blacks from voting back in the day....
LET'S GOO BOYS!
Skipped yoga to watch the game. Let's go Suns!
is that my cousin gary? In ya avi
My puppy is getting fixed today, and I'm one nervous mommy!!
“: Lunch on the water” Fire in the sky?
Alright Greg, give up the "killer banana pudding recipe"! :-)
I use too couldn't stand and now I can't stand too live without them
#Caps Troy Brouwer sure seemed ready for tonight's game in his intv on wtop.
