Good morning :)
I'm not sure castigating the rich is really helping anything.
Currently listening to: The Lust Merchants - As Far As You Know on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
There's a house at the end of my street that people will purposely pass by and honk at. It's kind of funny most days. Not when I'm asleep.
"#housestaff #GWU no one signed up for lunch today @ 12pm. Looks like I will be eating Aroma alone today" Somebody join !!
. I've written and published a few short stories, but I do best with them when I have to follow someone else's guidelines.
Thanks so much for the info!
“Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours.” C.S. Lewis
Some people spam Justin way to much. You don't need to send the same message a 100 times
Every time he get the ball they "BOO" him! 😂
The hat trick is not a good look
indeed, but I don't expect everyone to think of everything.
Lmao I got 's twitpic # text thingy an I been hacking him! XD Lmao! Sorry bro I had to! xP
Glad to know that Ian Astbury is making a little $ during the Super Bowl
It's hard for someone to recognize a trait as a flaw if it conforms with their tightly held belief system.
its always my fault. You should know to text me more than once if I don't reply.
not really selfish, just think about how many directioners lost tickets to directionators (c)
"Billy Graham's Son: Obama Has 'Shaken His Fist' At God" #huffpost But what if God's gay?
Lol is the best off twitter haha
Am i the only one that dont trust youth pastors ?!
Wow I'm Exhausted have been auditioning new players for my new band. I really hate it I want to hire everyone so far I may have 50 pieces
Who has told a new friend about so far in 2011? We want to know who is still spreading the word! :)
Headphones confirmed as Day DLC for this journey
They are on their way, and I Cc"ed Marco as well on an idea to help distribute here.
your play today stressed me. , you need to throw short passes and have someone better calling plays.
I hate having a suitcase on the bus. I hate it even more when it snags on my rights and ruins them.
Merry Christmas everyone!
Sneaks from behind desk...shakes a stick at Monday...quickly scurries back behind desk...waits
I wish CVS served alcoholic like the ones in Hollywood do. I need Jose!!!!
Earthquakes, UFO's and Al Sharpton; you be the judge.
air wings!!
Still stuck in work for another hour unfortunately.
Check what I said we were losing until MDA finally put a PG on the floor named Lin. Baron is hurt again.
The Epilepsy Update conference is quickly approaching (11/12), if you haven't registered, visit our website to do that today!
I'll take it. Deal!
I have a Poli Sci degree from , worked on 's campaign & ran for office 2x. Still learned something at
Yay (: i hope my mom says yes tho
Really need to figure out what I'm getting for Miss Tiffani's babyshowerrr. Hm.
I'm out in Dougieville recordin' man.
Hey Dm me your email, Ill send you some tracks there
haha poor them! And read your messages when you get home just so i know where on the same page together.
iPet companion does that for animal shelters.
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Neighborhood 3 OPENS TONIGHT! Be there so you get first dibs on bragging rights among your friends.
Glad to partner with you all!
vielen dank herr rice!
follow me or i come 2 ur house n eat yu out a hme
haha. the headbutt was cheap! It's boxing. you SUPPOSED to punch somebody.
BTW big news may be coming 4/19. VP is coming up to Oakland. Mandatory Meeting. Last time this happened they laid off peeps.
Im so exhausted today!
a girl that went out and made a fool of her drunk self and says she is looking for a real man
Sage wisdom. RT : Lesson learned: make sure I understand the new Tweetdeck interface before adding work's Twitter account.
Yo Eric--ALA is SO much more fun when you can hook up with old friends (so read your email, eh?) Hope to see you!
So uncomfortable but so necessary :-/
all this talk, talk, talk. Just send me the number to your lawyer. That's all I'm asking for right now.
do you play guitar lefty? i can't tell if its that or your videos are just backwards, hahah. x
Eric just ordered his wedding band! YAY! :D
Text me already.
Mary Bondmass from NHS on 2tor program. What if traditional GU education could be delivered to students everywhere?
and I have a shit ton of movies to watch.
blunts for seau
what's wrong =[
If we cant win it this inning, i hope it goes on ll night!! Ending with a #cubbies win of course!!
Say Something is still my jam.
Oh HELL NO... I'm never going near an airplane in my LIFE!
If winning isn't everything, then why do they keep score? Lombardi was the Greatest.
oh yes I've been. It's further than I wanted to walk though. Ended up at Cafe Dolci instead. Thx for the rec.
let me see it
Is Fox giving 'The Flintstones' to someone else or are they waiting for u?
perfect day til now
yes moscato all day!
Los Angeles City College Artists!! Jump at this great opportunity.Go to Foundation office for GHAPFM Scholarship! Let your Dreams begin!
Oh man, Liz and Max! I love you, Jason Behr.
GETTING A QUICK DRIZINK WAITING ON JESSE
Do i love these hoes? M kinda sorta
It still cracks me up that my spellcheck wants to change "Limbaugh" to "limburger".
My healthy habits are yoga, lots of veggies, morning super smoothies, and of course not smoking cigs and limiting alcohol!
haha yeah. Was there like a red rocket ship on top of the theatre?
FAIL OFF!!
I don't always agree with the content, but NYRB has been reviewing full seasons as a rule.
I'm rocking it at home with the kids tonight. Probably will end up playing with Barbies.
Watching Jack, Arnie and Gary needle each other at the par-3 tournament is like watching any ol' weekend bunch goin' at it. God bless 'em!
yes, I really liked Gulliver's post, especially since I'm an academic and I just came to Twitter in the last few months.
I bet lol all that twerkin you was doing...and horrible smh only got 4 hrs of sleep and now I'm doing homework -_- ...
No one will EVER replace OUR ICONic Boyz! (: <3
. Will Allen is a personal hero of mine. The work he's doing is extraordinary.
Refs won tonight not the Heat
We are back and now on application #130045 - Diane Overmyer
hey bro wsup hasn't seen u n how long??? lol
This week is National EMS Week!
Price should win just for his creativity
You mean they do deliver? It's good wine I usually buy that brand.
Peace followers!
NP. How did it go, everyone?
Yes, cool business selling cartoons and games. Global. Wish I was better at marketing (and branding).
You bet!
haha I did good on hole 3 imma burn down hole 7
smut deepthroat like she was born without a neck
Crossed a hipster rubicon when an indie band bound for SXSW stayed at my house last night. Now celebrating at my favorite locavore place.
Lam. 3:21-22 Yet this I call to mind and therefore I have hope: Because of the LORD’s great love we are not consumed.
Hey! We met for the first time 2 years ago!!
Be patient my angry friend ... we will be there in due time ...
RIP BMR. For those in the #SEO world, Build My Rank is dead from a Panda bite :) Link networks beware, Google is on the war path!
lol not gong out i feel like ass! last night = big blur!
na somebody show some money n dis bitch
#fridayreads THE GREY ALBUM, THE SUN'S HEARTBEAT, THE SPIRIT CATCHES YOU AND YOU FALL DOWN
you embarrassed????
My followers keep growing...what can I say...I'm a badass pig!
LAMESAUCE! Why is not playing tonight? That's just upsetting!!!
Warning--do not use #PAYPAL! Went to Paypal yesterday toChanged my info too. Had 250$ stolen from my bank.
Ray Allen just pure
it's ok
what do you want to accomplish with jailbreak that you can't do already?
I'm 20 feet away! Lol #RealTalk haha but the rolls are the beginning to your eminent demise. Next its FF and crackers lol
Who does Samuel L. Jackson have a date with? Is he cheating on Siri with his old flip phone?
It ain't too bad here in Washington, DC either :-) Sunny, blue skies, temps in 50s. Not bad for winter.
Tiffany doesn't have a facebook or Twitter though! You should get her to send some of those pics to you.
Florida Panthers win a great game!!!!!
Jerome Harrison is the dirtiest player in football over the last decade... What an asshole... I'm sure Steelers fans are proud
Heading down to ? Make sure you go energized-stop in for a breakfast (or brunch!) on your way to the pier
The last class of my college career is over. I'm actually kind of sad.
Do you realize how un-fun this game would be if we never met?
hey you want a column on my blog? I'll let you do it every TWO weeks.
I’m done being sad over you. I have enough stress without you adding to it and I won’t let you be the reason for my tears.
Pop Won Geezer Of The Year.
I'm going LIVE on with TONIGHT AT 9pm from THE FALLS!!
I used to say all the time that I was gonna move out when I turned 18. Wonder why I havnt yet.
Which one are you, Thelma or Louise?
coaches aren't smart 😜 but Troy's been having back problems, one of his vertebra is slipping out of his spinal cord? Ow ha
Thats Awesome...Congrats!! Whats the name of your crew?
say what son!?!
why do people think it's ok to ruin peoples personal life? I mean I like j/j also but they seriously have some scary followers
raising property taxes $100 a year does nothing to you. Helps build schools which then puts $ back in economy
omfg i just looked stupid in front of my class because i was smiling so big omg:')
Already waiting for Friday. Plans?
Are you contemplating this? Or did this already happen and I missed it?
excited to attend the 2011 State of the Young Proffesional event tommorow in Columbus.
I was born with a no skip out gene lol. Haven't called in sick to work in over a decade and had Perfect attendance K-12
where's the coast? Cincinnati?
It's official. Despite having a million of them, doctor is the most ridiculous nickname Shaq has.
«: The HU Instagram scene today is going to be looking like a mixture of Tumblr and a rap video.» THAT IS SO REAL!
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ... - Louis Hector Berlioz
all in a day's work of a proud partner of the :)
It must be dumb fuck Friday at work today!! all I can do is say wow and smh so happy I have a 1/2 day
The nerve of some niggas. Same mfers b asking me for bangers when they get treated. Nigga I ain't no charity lol
ashamed of the suburbs?
#FF Poo, organizer of domestic workers and one TIME's 100 most influential people in the WORLD.
Can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow!
Why are these presentations so boring #BoredAsFuck !
Well, they may get older, but their taste in women doesn't age. hee hee
Ok. This is the 3rd time someone had expressly offered me drugs this week...In public.
i told you a million times im not mad. it just irks me that you did that even after i told you what he was doing to me..
dude what are you doing!!
interested in more Poe?
Tell me Something god
Booing injured players makes you worse than laker fans. :-)
at corner brew's beer garden, on a beautiful and productive day for me. is good to be in Michigan today.
I still need to pack.
Warm burrata with red onion, lemon, chile, parsley, olive oil & grilled bread
office is good, very quiet. Yes, we must discuss the meeting place for the color run!! :-)
its ok we can throw a I HATE VALENTINE DAY party lol
I'm 1 year Anniversary with the homie Pow!
Do you think Jesus is pissed that people celebrate his birth by being jackasses while shopping?
Niggas cheat on the ones who love them for a hoe. That shit ain't cool.
he drives me crazy -.- but no were fine now :)
McCafé Frozen Strawberry Lemonade 😁✌
hey hoe, when are you going to be home?
#EmailMarketing Best Practices Tip 11: personalize as much as possible. Use first name in subject line. It’s a conversation, not an ad.
Show tomorrow at Crossroads of Newnan, Georgia! Show starts at 7! Be there or be square!
Today, George Zimmerman was charged with 2nd degree homicide in the death of Trayvon Martin. A warrant was issued for Zimmerman in Florida.
You should be a 'civilian' on #Kathy! You'd be so great!!
YES I follow you guys on this backup
Bitch I'm in the 212.
"There is a difference between expressing your opinion and being rude."
Matt Forte is looking real good this week, Hester is doing great, the D is actually getting pressure.....but this is the Rams.
Probably the greatest show ever created.
Straight outta Compton
School flow :)
That's great! Thanks for getting back to me. RT : Yes, there were a couple of fans that showed the post!
which cutie do you want?
dope dope dope
Pacers win, Pacers win!!!!
I like how you have my hat on in your twitcon. :)
Hey - have a local contact you can put me in touch with?
ONE life... thats all youve got.... make a difference! :)
And that's exactly why I've lost faith in Detroit.
San Diego Coroner:Woman found dead is Marine's wife who disappeared. arrests made..will pass on latest on 5pm news
Good idea. Can you post it in the Google Group too? Suggest day/time.
When you do something or go somewhere then othere people wanna do the same things your doin. -_____-
how you been though?
Very productive rehearsal/training today!!!! looking forward to what God is gonna do.
Facebook IPO set for Norwegian Independence Day, May 17
It's OUT with the OLD, and IN with the NEW.
Oh this is gonna be fun
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommy's and grannies and soon-to-be mommy's! Hugs-n-kisses...Granny Regina and Granny Pat
We are in this together. Thank you for reminding us all of our potential & power. Let's make this happen
That, and people citing their experience as "mangers", is a typo I see on at least a third of the resumes that cross my desk.
Everyone go listen to Chai Tea Latte by Angel Taylor. It's my entire life, I swear.
they ran out.
No doubt, they'll be out in full force, opposing those things they once "evolved to" under Obama, under a Republican.
really tough judging but team moto killed it last night on Top Chef!
Kobe with 18 1st quarter points.
Then you should skip shopping. Seattleites aren’t fashionable…
It's funny how God has a sense of humor...ha ha...
hey Will you please tell your followers about "Banner Day for Saints Season" www.worldchampionfans.com
May actually be able to move up to 8g. It's small, so what. I'm broke..and I need a job bad.
If I bought an apple tv, i wouldn't need a ps3.
Sad that vacation is over and things must go back to normal, but thankful for the good times.
Hi Michael Thank you, the article is awesome. How is your book coming along? Can't wait to publish some of your stuff!
Who is the only major league baseball player to have been ejected from a game without ever having played? First correct answer wins!
thanks for the shout out. Love that we can work together to educate!
Wasn't sure what to expect, but #chicago is incredible
just give it one more hour
I miss ur tweets when u gona start tweeting again? ;}
Repeating and retards, great night
Ok maybe that was a little cynical. But, tedium, thy name is "teenage girl."
Hi Deb!! it was so wonderful to finally meet you too! i'm so glad #helloetsy finally brought us together & am so excited for CREST!
Jamey Wright was the #Brewers opening day pitcher in 2001...a 1-0 loss against the #Dodgers. Now with the Dodgers, he faces the
we haven't been getting any fucking calls
haha probably. Bet he just makes us watch a movie or do group work bc he's too stonned to teach
I'll join Im a true Fan
he a goon tho
Overheard "who needs an app when you have a beer"
Tiff Hayes just pulled a Lebron
Rake! Snow's much heavier! Even though 3 inches of snow brings out some interesting driving in P-town. Agreed? :-)
What can me and do now
Dad is back in NY. Mom just did her first prenatal yoga. I think I like that. She chills out a little ;)
tell him brett
It's been a techno Christmas!
Free redbull on guadalupe & 26th, Austin, TX - courtesy of the redbull truck !
Oprah killed herself when she started the O network. Now her bump ain't worth squat. Just like the republicans.
They got weed but I been dope.
Q4 my other half volunteers with the local Red Cross disaster action team, would be a great volunteer role for a librarian
It can't be said enough. Madonna, please drop the fake British accent.
Congratulations! That is wonderful news!!
We want to be able to Minister at one of you events. It would be a blessing
Jamie Stachowski, unlike the new charcuterie place I recently tried, will undoubtedly offer terrific sandwiches. Can't wait for him to open.
#LiteraryQuote: "To be conscious that you are ignorant is a great step to #knowledge." ~ #Sybil by
#somebodytellmewhy drunk words are sober thoughts?
I understand all guys and women are my brothers and sisters.
I agree I was on the edge of my seat the whole time.
You were never on a hardwood , you just make people sleep there
the Occupy skanks, apologizes to skanks, think that rioting & Effing with regular peoples livelihood will win elections? Ha ha
Dog these new beats tho!!!
me too! Thanks(:
Would love to be in Linz, celebrating in fine style with ...
“: I think Courtney was a butthole baby?” she gives you a run for your money with the mind games! Maybe you should date
what don't u get?
True, but did point that out.
Glad you came is #5 on iTunes!! Congrats boys!! :)
Zygmunt Miloszewski reading of Entanglement at Czech Ctr really rocked! Antonia Lloyd Jones did great English version
Just found a great blogging software that about to be released for your use will give you the link - when it's released
Boss out of the office? Turn your co-workers onto www.freekshowradio.com
I had Missouri losing to FL in one bracket and Marquette in the other...pretty happy about that upset!
Leaders will find it Impossible to Find Happiness if they sacrifice the NEEDS of the many, to fund the Excess of the FEW.
Hint: its an easy one.
Deeng, i havent been on this account in forever!
oreally funny ! funny women u knw what i mean lol
Does virgin wool come from ugly sheep?
bring it aint no one scared
Stair dismount app is hilarious.
You're welcome. Have fun on the west coast!
"You're 15, you shouldn't be worried about having a relationship." 15-year-olds get lonely too. shut up.
I got choked up saying goodbye to Amber at Universe of Superheroes even though she's tattooed, pierced, and has a boyfriend...
well just let me know! im making spaghetti & corn on the cob !
Should be a good game!
of AUGUST!!
HI BEAUTIFUL! :)
?Judging yourself, is not the same as being honest with yourself
It'll be interesting to see what NBC plans to do with their Thursday 8-9pm hour come January. Parks and Office are as solid as ever.
The best gadgets and tech for the new grad.
Harry Styles head is so hairy lmfaoo
hey hey hey :D
If you see at Coachella and tweet me a pic with her, I'll send you a signed mixtape.
oof i went through a franco phase and watched all his bad movies and gurl there are a LOT of bad jf movies
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.-Francois Marie Arouet (Voltaire)
TODAY, 6:30-8:30pm: How do you document real life?: Discovering the Digital Creative Process of J. Larson’s RENT. , Rm 6496,
I can't cope with the pressure Settlin for lesser The god left lessons on my dresser So I can bloom and blossom, find a new way
live laugh love?
A client I taught manifestation principles to just landed the big three; man, car, watch. She gets it big time :)
and are pulling double duty tomorrow 7P Jazz downstairs 10P Soul/Jazz upstairs 5303 Lankershim
I'll check it out. Glad you watched my piece
Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women
One more song then I should have the 3000 for tonight. #ComeOnLorrieYouCanDoThis(;
Hey check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com & maybe u'll find some inspiration & a joyful direction!
do you remeber that time when we texted each other like300 times in one day?x
Approaching the Maryland House...
A typical bird has seven different types of feathers. The best known are the tail feathers.
I have a cold now too..
when u pray for something b ready to accept all that comes with it .
Really excited about all the traffic this morning.
I just love her she's so multi-talented
My life is in hardcore, but bluegrass is seriously the most fun music to listen to live.
might not be scoring, but rebounding and effort are off the charts tonight
OK, I voted online. I'll stop by tomorrow at
oh no who will sit by me?😔
Jefferson Davis was inaugurated as President of the Confederacy two weeks before Mr. Lincoln took his oath on March 4, 1861.
Happy Mother's Day to mine 's beautiful, caring and hard working mommy. :) We love you with all our hearts Mommy Malik! ♥
": Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart."
3 more days...
GAME DAY!!! GO DUKES!!
Our pleasure. Keep up the great work!
One hour left to get 25% off your entire order!
Who is going to be our 50th funder in our #100cities in 100 days challenge?
Holy shit. I leave for some writing, and I miss all of the fun. Bon of a Sitch!
Why did we have to lose "Luck"? Couldn't it have been filmed without harming animals?
RT : It's Fox6/WI State Fair cream puff giveaway! 600lucky viewers will be able to pick up a free 6-pack of cream puffs 6-8 am
Heard of Jamachi Spa? Call and Ask for Maku or Barbara and get 25% OFF ur next massage 301.585.0888
dude im the same way, i just watched the whole season of once upon a time in 3 days
Someone broke into my car once again and stole my credit card -___-
Day before St. Paddys day = tourists holding up the train at everystop on the local tryna get directions
I get a lot of love in the town
I think im gonna buy austin a hat and send it to him but i dont know which one to get!
if a guy cheats on a different girl with you, what makes you think he won't do the same to you?”
Find the 11 Robert Graham sculptures and tell me what you think. They are pretty amazing.
Happy Turkey Day! Cheers!
flavors of the week: moca coffee and peach sorbetto.
We restocked on our "drop love" black tank! And their still ONLY $15! Snag them up while there still on sale! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT
hey -- chris is trying to edit your pkg, but he cant find your track. Can you call the desk? 858-573-6500 THX
Let's get after it early tonight and smash the Crew!!!
Mark Edwards? or Fred Morton?
are you a chicken? cuz i wanna strip you and then eat you
I'm double-fisting water & coffee this morning... don't make me laugh or I'll pee myself.
The harasser can be anyone from any level. The misnomer is that managers are immune to being the victim...it's about education
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :) 3
WOW. Congrats, man. Huge.
don't mention this Tuesday thing to lucroy....
my guess would be coffee
Yeah if it wasnt for me you wouldnt be goin to that concert.
I met my boyfriend's mom for the first time. After spending nearly 2 hours with her, she hugged me goodbye and asked what my name was.
SO looking forward to dinner w/ Nicole tonight! Hooray for delicious
yess! I really hope we win the I can go there by train :D
did you get your computer fixed?
Up here thinking on whether I should sell my car or not.......
Hahaha does phone auto correct ?
Downloaded La Bala u?
how about an Acoustic showcase.. 2nd floor of dobbs one night with Alot of acts &/or start a happy hour series?
Do you have a writing room? Where is it? What's it like?
So much pain built up day by day, I can't take this. I need you so much but you're not here.
The next episode...we're talking Doctor Who!
Thx hope to see you soon! RT : , It's actually been a while since I've had coffee in...
Can't sleep o:
That home screen looks pretty stock. Where are all your apps? :)
I love that line.
I'm frustrated, too. Thinking of deleting the account and opening a new one. I wonder if that'll work?
Thinking bout heading to Real Chili to grab a 1 & 1/2 for the morning when I watch The Price is Right.
Dedication: INIOUSZ FOWLER, In loving memory of my Iniousz Fowler. We miss you!
Don't miss Free Audit tomorrow for popular TV/FILM Professional Class with BTS Artistic Director Anthony Grasso.
Whoever's on : it's a bad sign when even your correspondent's laughing at you...
And the damn reffs made the game...stern firing up the rivelry$
The meetings went pretty good now I am ready to get home
Is arrogance one of the biggest issues we have to deal with in this gaming community nowadays?
I suspect I'll fail the quiz :-) haven't looked at the details in some time :-0
sat transmodern was ecstatic beyond words! H&H & World Meets
OMG Algebra 8
I texted youu, u should most defiantly text back, that would make my day, :)
Vibing with at the great shows she put together
# get @ me for show set
So that's one place where we differ. It's as trashy as Velveeta and Rotel. M. Velveeta and Rotel....
what's this bull online about Vince Young being gay and that was Fishers real hang up with him on the Titans. That's a lie that's not cool
This vacation thing is nice... You all should try it sometime
Damn, you are up late, bro. I'm getting sleepy and I'm on PST, lol.
The incense-making machines are owned by a Woman's Federation, which also facilitates savings and credit self-help groups for the
i think we need a field trip to weho
I think I'm kind of addicted...
I watched Beyonce's World Tour on the plane twice! She is so beautiful in way! I just love her & her music! Wish I had seen her show!
NO! girls only
R.I.P. Donna Summers. She lost her bought with cancer. She was 63.
Congrats on over a quarter million youtube views in four weeks!!! #team2hot!!
wat up it louis
Lord everyday I think...
That's cool to I just love getting mud on my face. My schools just great -_-
#FF Social Leaders
best of luck to you! Thanks for using ShowClix - Happy New Years!
Rackers is also an ex-Bengal/Bungle. Is it a surprise he choked?
Awkward moment when having sex on a pull out couch and forgot to pull outb
FREE MATTHEW TURNER
RSVP: Green Hat [director Todd "The Hangover" Phillips' co]
kiddos go to same school I did. They played at PHS same place where I heard it for first time
I'm back on twitter :)
I should start getting ready.
@ my twitter name so I know it's real :-)
that long wait while your food is being prepared. <
People vote for on mtv's battle of the boybands now!! They deserve it!
Shits about to get
Shout out to my new follower
Happy 25th Anniversary to my parents ❤👍🎉🍻 yay!!
so whats up
I don't care if the damn wedding is a sham or not. I'm just mad that I know so much about something i actively avoid learning about.
In the last 15 minutes, this chain restaurant/bar has played !!!, Hot Chip, and Yelle.
I'd bet on Steve. RT : Why doesn't anyone name their racehorse 'Steve'?
I got half on a big bag ah dem grippos homie lol
Good morning! What a great start to the day!
Techno Bro and BRNDR will be dj'ing 4/28! Opening for Dan Bell, , & more!
Snow and lunch at the edges of downtown.
Your loyalty is our aim. Hope to meet your expectations!
Millennials on the Rise Event tonight @ AVA Lounge Rooftop Bar at Dream Hotel (via ) I'll see you there.
Josh Gasser is now 11-12 from three point land this season. Unbelievable.
My CNN addiction is becoming unhealthy.
Think only of the best, work only for the best, and expect only the best.
Awww , you're too sweet. Thanks for letting me feed you a birthday snack- I'll come see you again soon! :)
Paul is Justin Timberlake, and Pete cut off his leg? I don't understand this photo shoot...
Rock on.. I was #bestnewchefs dinner this wknd. All about the streets.
This spanish project<<<<
I think I would rather watch Shaq and Charles talk for 2 hours than watch the Celtics-Knicks game
#IfiHadaDirewolf I'd create the world's most dangerous petting zoo
kayy i will
I hope all the candidates exit the debate in a conga line. Then you know it's a party.
followed. there are many, that's why we're revamping.
BTW, there WILL be a test on how to send a text and scan a code after
LimeChat is buggy for me.
I'm digging Moon+ too. Lotsa features. Let me know if you figure out how to change the font. Mine won't change.
Players working on assists. Wrap around passes from baseline
I MISS YOU
Mason & Myers is live on 1450am! Tune in to catch the latest sports talk around the Kentuckiana area!
Shoulder to Shoulder! #gobuffs!
no more skittles
Phil Hughes. You are terrible.
what you gonna tell momma is all lies , I ain't worried
I have to work Sunday. Kill me.
Damn you super moon!!! SMF
I agree !
RT : The first step before anyone else in the world believes it is that you have to believe it. -Will smith
A Sword and A Kiss steals the night. Something special about 3 talented teens rapping to an old white crowd. So positive & fun.
This week has been
American Junkie tonight! I'll be dropping a guest video set with my good friends let's go!
Me too, but I saw to men older than us blading up 14th street one even last week and now this... A comeback or throwbacks?
email is ready to send to vans Feb. 1st
are all on board!
BREAKING NEWS: Justin Bieber is getting hotter every second
lol too funny
Sweet! You free at all tomorrow? 11ish or later?
RT : Hair is not just visceral for sistahs. Culturally, the Black male aesthetic isn't free from similar attacks.
Charlie Chaplin interview on WAVS 1170 at 9am on the John T show
whatever rose'll 'never forget'... me too.
thanks. Got my print the other day and was going to frame it.
most if those pastore are gay! And Nobama is a few states short of a union as well!
i never know what to tweet you..hmm how about football? thats a great sport!
Listen for what moves you. Listen for what urges you onward. Allow what's within you to come forward. (Tao te ching verse 3)
I can't watch LA complex cuz it makes me sad
G: "It's school time. We're gonna have some fun. Exclamation point." Narrated punctuation always makes me smile! Morning friends.
I shall say goodbye to the easy days of eating out whenever we wanted. Hello salad bar my old friend :)
thank you so much for sharing this important post!!
can u please wish me luck on my soccer games tomorrow? It would be my good lucl charm!! :) #ILoveYou !!!
Heartbreak here for the 46 car. Ran top 4 all day only to spin out on the final lap to finish 18th. Still a great run!
Yahoo! Sitting on stage w/Yo-Yo (as a listener) on 23 Oct. What a thrill!
I really should think twice before I do some things.
Of all teams, I sure didn't expect the Chiefs to be the ones to stop the Pack. Crazy.
Thanks to for another great night of fights even if it is PPV.
Otc im tired
Good Night Everyone <3
I was recommended that I connect with you since we're fellow Atlanta-ions through, recommendation from
Where are you gonna put it?
this is drastic u sent me an email today sayin someone sent u my music i was wondering who sent it to u
100s of comments when the 'gamer theory' site when it opened in '06
FOX's new show "Touch". I don't know what it is about that show, but I want to like it.
Sorry to the man I ran into today. I was trying not to be eaten by two vicious dogs.
I don't even feel sorry for you psh
with my trusty galaxy S 4G phone ;D
Uh, insert any of my childish comments here. ;-)
nonono. I never meant to ignore you. I was looking at photo's of Justin's photoshoot and and, I'm sorry. Please forgive :(
Want to gain more followers?! RT to gain more followers fast!!
Go look at the fanfic. It's even sadder.
I had arugula on my BLT earlier. Yum.
You, too. Have a great day all
'Africa Rising', on the cover of The Economist: Over the past decade six of the world's fastest growing countries were African.
Rabbits Rabbits 🐰
and of course that doesn't address the broadband issue
let me know if anyone needs a drummer. RT please
For the last few weeks I've been busy in the real world, and only tweeting a little bit. But I won't disappear. :)
If you want me to have your email
Shower time.(:
yes, I believe it does!
It's raining! Be careful out there, this morning!
Not normally proponent of boycotting speech I disagree with - but crossed a line into incivility
Just finished ALL WILL BE WELL by John McGahern.
“: why Melo aint brake his fuckin Ankle ? cuz he is Killin me Lol when the Bulls Lose I Cry” lol you a hater
At the airport one hour early. Trying to not be the guy who sings along to "all I want for Christmas is you" in the terminal.
Totally just signed up to host a watch party #UpAllNightHP Xx
No matter what you say or do... I'll still love you<3
you are such a baller!!
your hair should do the same lol
The irony of seeing the ex weeks before getting it right. Thanks God :)
new pic so sexy i love u justin and ur background image
"It's arriving in a place with the anticipation of a child on Christmas morning."-, Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day
TJ might have been a Senators fan. He likely hated the Kings.
I honestly forgot my birthday is on February 5..
So guess who took a digger off a platform today and almost feel off the front of the stage I front of about 40 people? This girls! Lol
money dont make itself !
true and flawless “: Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots. ;) love it”
YEAH, I do it all the time never fails. She loves my kisses :* :*
thank you! i need all the positive vibes i can get but like i said #noquit. not an option. things will turn around
We are excited too! We love working with you.
How come Horford didn't intentionally miss the 2nd FT??
Happy Birthday!
Ernie's Chandler: Crabcake on an English Muffin w/ Cheese and Tomato
"Bringing the gifts my ancestors gave, I am the dream and the hope of the slave. I rise. I rise. I rise." - Maya Angelou
Not all content searches well (most doesn't)
Props to got coming out to a skywalker appearance.thank you. #support_the brand
11, a month we meet my love!<3
good & what about yourself?
Itunes Match, you are worthless to me and effed up my entire music library.
U make one mistake and now all the sudden ur a player....
Actually, we love it when women tell us we have great anything. We're easy that way.
Help me out peeps. Who is going to have a better stat line against Portland tonight: Linas Kleiza or DeMar DeRozan?
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
limits exsist only in the mind
thank you and cheers!
yes yes, STILL recovering
That's why I don't associate myself with so called "Christians". I'd rather say I believe in the teachings of Christ.
love your profile pic you my friend look STUUUNING!!! Keep doing your thing Tami!
♥ Thanks for the mention!!!
Gotta admit. It's great being the bearer of good news.
Work harder #weedropweerock!!!
yea seriously haha, at least Mike Tyson's failure to answer interview questions were entertaining, VDN is just brainless & boring.
Happy halloween everyone! Its me mums bday
everyone is to remain awake!
Love that. I am not ashamed to say I could also sing along with you.
Can't believe that our seniors are graduating tomorrow--it's gone too quickly!!
Hey - Check out the LinkedIn Group if you are up for a bit of B2B / P2P networking action ... :-)
frump city bitch frump frump city bitch
😭 I'm so effing scared...
OMFG im gonna hurt my sister shes always telling people that im a unicorn and im like WTF i told you not to tell anyone
pretty funny, indeed.
lol ite well if you just want to save your money i'm coming up there this summer for sure
Great catch Gordon. He's not afraid to put his body on the line
My Last Retweet Says It ALL 😔
Thank you for the #FF, Edith! :) Hope you have a good weekend and make lots of amazing art!
“Laugh at yourself first, before anyone else can.” ~Elsa Maxwell
Poker face...
"It's in those little steps, those incremental changes repeated consistently over a long period of time that the magic happens."
that's wild! Very long time
Life has been hectic lately, I'm wishing I can b in my kitchen creating new products! The few instances in life where nothing even matters.
David Harris know's his stuff. A publisher's experience combined w/ Nobel prize laureates creating turnkey OER txtbks=CHANGE
thx for the follow Rick, returning the favor.
its cause you get time to focus on your opponent. Fps is hardly focused on your enemy.
Hooray for dairy free! Site doesn't launch till June or July this year. In the meantime I blog over at www.host-itnotes.com!
$alute to the beautiful
thinks the Washington Nationals try to lose games on purpose. That is the only way they can be so terrible.
So so so so so excited to watch my tonight <3 ECF Game 1 can't wait :)
NICE David... very nice.
Are you planning on attending San Diego Comic Con this year? We're working on a fun meet up with some friends. Details closer to the event.
but he's struggled this yr?:(
Good Luck!!
RT : For real can score you points with your significant other and get you points with
U are correct sir!!
am from kuwait
Currently editing my short film Rain Dance that I wrote, directed and produced.
Dear Michele Mahone, I want your son(:
I'm sure it was A LOT! Smh “: Scard to count my money from last night and see how much I blew”
naw my guy got it
Why thank you! I really appreciate that :)
Officially mother's day!
is there really a drink named John Daly?? I was just joking! It just sounded like something he might make.
Got my first Doctor appt. done and out the way, now ready for work!!!
Thanks for the RT !
What do we expect students to know/have in terms of digital litercy/fluency/skills at graduation?
My sis works at NCSU and highly recommends the popsicles on walk from Doubletree to
check out ICBA the independent community bankers association. pretty sure they will have list of community banks
thanks for forwarding!
"FactsOnGirlz: I'm not clumsy, It's just the floor hates me, the tables and chairs are bullies, and the walls get in the way."
If you say "techno" to me, I think Sweden.
"2006 Fitness, Figure and Ms. Olympia DVD. Get 10 to 55% OFF TODAY ONLY."
looking at it in a negative way: kids are sick and that's bad. You've just been lawyered!
Good W tonight!
Kids learn more memorably in games because they provide a safe way to fail and redirect
Really really don't want to go to work
Liberty is to the collective body, what health is to every individual body
Deliberately infecting people with malaria has been used to cure different viral infections
lol they know but they aint gone find out ;)
O.O You changed your @ Name?!?! How did I not know about this till now!?!
no! Rogers used to get blasted his first couple seasons as a starter.
Re: ME libraries and museums - wondering what other examples of collaborations are out there...
Got my green coffee beans in today from Can't wait to try some home roasting!
#Shiticantstand sitting in traffic for hours to see a hero truck on the shoulder BY ITS SELF!!!
LOL! You're just another internet coward who is too scared to face No wonder u like so much.
I still dream of Africa. Someday.
please follow me! I love u so much, really you're my dream*·*
I agree.Keep in mind: retailers keep ca 50%. It's hard for an artist to produce for less than $5 and make a modest profit. :)
late again! How does your first departure of the day (2024) go late on this beautiful day?
what cities are part of your road trip?
...And of course I find out now the tweetup is cancelled.
RT : Thank you to the guy who broke Adele's heart.
u didn't go to noche?
THAT WAS FAST!!!
shut the fuck up no ones talking to u
By Carter Maness, with reporting by Sway Calloway Earlier this week DJ Khaled revealed a video of his tour bus explosion
Hey , told us you know about Lightshow Bob! The light wizard. Have u seen the new trailer for his TDJ episode?
how's SF and the roadtrip?!?
im so buying it to
My biggest fear is to become a normal teenager with normal teenage thoughts.
the whole bad guy speech from scarface would make my day
just followed back :)
Trade Tebow, by all means, so long as we keep
i followed! :D please show me proof of the DMs to Justin pllleeeeaaaaassssseee:D
Are you the #1 boutique PR firm in DC? tweet back
That's Banuelos' third straight solid start since coming off the disabled list. Yay for that.
What do you do when you got to many things going on
I didn't realize the timezone difference.
Post-vacation is always the anti-diet for me. I get the bends from coming home and eat everything in the house.
Looking for an inexpensive (but still nice!) place to hold a wedding reception in Connecticut.....
Thx; I want to use that in my bio somewhere, lol. Love your pigment prints & your story! Wld love to ft you in She Shines!
the site is registered in China. It's a knockoff. But a&f will have to issue a statement to clarify.
Procrastination = (Delay * Impulsiveness)/(Value * Expectancy)
I tried my dog's electric fence, but it just wasn't the same..
yeeeeahhh!!!!!! RT if you want Believe Tour World Wide
He doesn't even saw a word! lol
Found via Public Documents Masterfile: Iraq’s New Political Map, 2007
NBA Playoffs 2012: Will Bulls' Season Be a Failure If They Don't Win It All? - Bleacher Report
Teresa...I love you..your wonderful laugh and golden heart..My cousin, my friend..rest in the arms of angels.
drafting social media guidelines for my work!
Abstinence works 100% of the time.
That nigga hit a 3. Go K. G.
Champagne always tastes better out of magnums. Restaurants should pour their Champagnes by the flute out of mags for the holidays.
Just rocked the stage.
Great question for media savvy who want to serve Baltimore RT : How do you help people tell their story?
Tonight is about me and you ;)
you dont like her ? that your fault she a amazing person.one day your gunna relize how much she meant to you and see that she's moved on....
Hahaha u need to set up a get together
Steve Blake did his best Kobe Bryant impression last night, shooting lights out and hitting three after three when his team needed it.
Tekkers? In a Tin?
Weather outside is frightful but is so delightful. Heat , 'corn & best of all Waters's 'Female Trouble' tonight @ 7 & 9:30pm.
RIP #MooseSkowron - one of the most under-rated men to ever don the Pinstripes.
I thought you said you could always tell when I was joking
Let me give your heart a break.
Chili Recipes There's nothing like a hearty bowl of chili to warm you from the inside out on a cold winter day. These chili recipes inclu
>>>Falk is a total loser. Why not ask her about her losing record in Dane County?
NAME THE LYRICS: I wake up praising, God every day, I wanna....smoke some weed and roll me a J
Genius: 'The best of Pinterest w/out having to look at the pictures.' RT : A wrought-iron canopy bed in a meadow
At 4am tmr morning (my time) all of america will have just seen how #desperatehousewives ends after 8 years & I have to wait till tmr! ah!:(
Austin!!!! Did u ever look at the big secret in ur DMs
And the honorary Webby for "Lifetime Achievement Award" goes to Jeff Daniels for his unforgettable role in "Arachnophobia!"
no i didnt lie i just did it it piss yu off :)
I'm single.. Because so far no one can love me better than me!
Great effort by my 13U kids today in defeat.... Defense is beginning to come around
RT : Season of Changes- Brian Blade and the Fellowship Band
u came in shaheens 1 time I think. Its been awhile but I work there on Saturdays.
Desert Rat to Desert Fox. Come in Fox. Over
o word....i dont never see you,,yu must be at work all da time
how was it?? I only have 30 pages left in the book! You may have to see it again with me!!!
remind me to tell you my Easter basket story. It was the best and worst day of Schroeder's life.
Just got home from the bar, fell off my bed onto my alarm radio, to turn on Beck's Loser. Totally not a sign. #it'sasign
RT : the Cubs could use an upgrade in 9 of the 12 spots in their pitching staff.
Pretty crazy week. My little niece was born and one of my best friend is getting married.
he was
*This tweet update has been brought to you by 7 national championships*
omg! Lol my phone just lit up! :O and stayed on for a few seconds then shut it self back off! Dx lol creepy AF!!
yea its the best
featured artist at We find her fascinating.
"Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." ~Thomas Alva Edison Hustling my bootie off today. You?
Follow my boy and friend he's hotter then the left sink handle!
Klout says I'm influential on the topic of unicorns. Great. Now that I said that I'm going to be more influential on unicorns.
Wake up in the morning eat that pussy like cold pizza
Yayyyy Glad It Works =] & Thank God For The Internet Lol
my fridge is kaput- I just finished cleaning it out and my landlord is in Africa for 3 weeks- can I stop working? LOL
Gangster gangster at the top of the list.
This is making me sad..! :(
fantasy of how it would be if it were just you and me..and the sensual beat bassline sounding like ecstacy..
Craving Nutella and Salty Chocolate Cookie this afternoon!
omg, this song is so old.. didn't even know it was on my phone...
Should have some more photos of #occupysd up late tonight. General assembly is on now. Come witness real democracy
I'm sticking with the #RenoTech ;)
Don't check the pimp, check the hoe.
Thanks for the shout out!
It's like baseball. If you can land one out of three, you're a street skateboarder hall of famer.
Bdubs with my babe>>
Had fun today saw a lot of cute guys at cinco de Mayo ;)
#3words I'm SO hungry!
RT : #Libras are always planning & plotting, and calculating & strategizing, and achieving & succeeding.
sharing oranges & strawberries last year at lunch lmfao >>>
Just arrived in #Phoenix for spring training!
Even if the Buffet Rule is passed it won't change the fact that the middle class workers will pay for welfare abusers
...we rely on our universities or corporations such as google or Wordpress to host our work. So far, we've been able to ...
dont know if i like my new avi. 😌
SAY WHAT?! Black people on PAGES?!?! Did the page turn black?! Jesus be some invisible ink...
Treat it, don't beat it. :)
between & damn i wish i was a man smh too damn fine!!
you've been in a cave, B!!! Lol see you miss lots!
De nada. You do the same!
My Passion for my God matches my passion in Bed. That's why I am waiting LOL!
i'm definitely not feeling school today.
Thanks for the follows
Trying the mobile thing 4 a change...
RT : Susan Arnot: "sustainability reporting spotlights the work of our own people around the world - and keeps them...
Best volleyball game ever in phys.ed!
That kids an idiot...
follow me please! I love u hahah:$
Taking sick boyfriend some dinner, then thinking about spending the evening under a tree at the park for a little me time.
The second day of #LTUK12! Come to meet us at stand 34.
my sister just walked in the door whispering " i have to pee, i have to pee" over and over again....
hey guys! miss you already! had the guys to speak to chris last night! yayayyy <3
I think you mean third week of April?
Annoying patron comes in looking for books popular 20 years ago. Sorry, no Scuppers the Sailor Dog, but have other books by MWBrown.
I just saw you! I did a double take and by then you had already walked away lol have fun dude <33
Jolly would need to double his IQ to get to the level of dumb ass
haha but its still laker nation
PFP Founder's FB Friday is featuring Ingrid~Founder of AndeanDream Quinoa products~join the conversation @ www.facebook.com/peanutfreeplanet
Mind wandering results in less happiness.
3 day facilitation training is over. Grateful for safe, dynamic space and energy that encouraged vulnerability
RT : How in the world is it going to be 86 degrees on Thursday?
New song I heard today...i Dont Like. Chief Keef
Just saw The Devil Inside........... I rate it 3 out of 5 stars........ It was scary, but had no reason??. 0.0
Everyone is gifted, but some people never open their package.
Do you have any photos of your day at the exhibit? Would love to see them!
wishing you the best tonight... I voted like crazy for you last night; my fingers are sore.
Never take the advice of someone who has not had your kind of trouble.
-I guess it didn't really turn out so well. But I PROMISE when I get a camera for skype I'll skype u (:
#FEDUP NEITHER PARTY has budget that reduces Annual Deficit to ZERO/SURPLUS - NOT OVER ANY time span! Thus Debt Ceiling would keep rising!
Check out our first ever #NCLRChats! Today we're talking about the driving factors behind #childobesity and
": Facebook posts under 80 characters receive 27% more engagement!
Bout to head to #NOLA for bachelor party, oh and an insignificant bball game.
Thanks for the follow Rick!
do you have a Facebook
if Rodgers had as many attempts as Brees, Rodgers woulda shattered Marino's record with ease but he's about the W not stats.....
Only song Waka got that I liked was Round of Applause !
you waste your time hating on someone else? focus on who you LOVE, and freaking leave the people you dont like alone. if you really hate >
RT /lol...I forgot who u were dealing with. Um, yeah, good luck. *aborts mission* lol./lmao
Hearing from many Goth dating services. Guess it's Twitter acct. name. Who knew? Vampire hook-ups.
did a SOLID job w/ their downloadable game. Played in on Xbox Live; loved it. Great design & gameplay.
yeah I thought so too. I feel like it didn't get as detailed as I thought it might and I noticed a couple diff things
yup, exactly.
Rugrats in Paris > Niggas in Paris
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often. – Mark Twain
Finishing my coffee and burning a DVD then I'm going for a very long walk.
I TOLD YOU! And I should have gone to the EPA. Worse things happen at sea!
#coast2coast at club eve we are out here!
We will have to experiment with Wave, . I think I'm on the notification list. I'll double check.
this biology test hard AF!
what is the temperature of your favorite wavelength of visible light?
Recognized you as the person who 'friend-requested' me on FB. Did not make the Twitter connection. Need to do more tweets.
If I was stranded on a desert island and could only bring one thing, I would bring Dora. That b*tch has everything in that backpack.
is a ninja and a TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES fan. This is why I love him. (Among other things)
the new password for the speakeasy is Fats Jackson
and it seems like everyone is allergic to Peanuts
fine fine fine go to bed
Why does he look 72? Is life that rough in SLC?
The proof is in the pursuit...
Drinking some Gourmet Hot Cocoa w/ Marshmallows! I love having access to gourmet beverages when I want to!
Press your luck question: "what animal does ham come from?" one of the answer choices was "hamster"
Thank you for the weather updates
I think we may be getting one of those in Cleveland. I drool over TechShop. Our hackerspace would love that.
Happy Valentines day. Can't wait to see all the happy couples
the good old days... we used to take off the girls underwear to see her ass now we have to spread the asscheeks to find underwear
He might as well celebrate like that after a goal because he'll never get a cup!
Miso soup is a medicine that can actually be eaten. It does wonders for overall health!
Aw, thanks, both of you!
Today I was told the checkerboard mirrors on my #Mini look like the winning flag at a race track. Might explain why I drive fast!
San Antonio Rock 'n' Roll marathon today! It's 6am & I'm wide awake!
hearing landslide and thinking of that southpark episode.
ME & MY CUZZO ARE GOING NUTS OVER 'S SONG #BOYFRIEND <33
please tell these are the actual names being used?!
good just got out of camp
That's what we like to hear!
Wishing I was at #webwise to hear the presentation...
Sign into Amazon AWS to see if the video has been uploaded and converted to an acceptable web format.
I'm a herbalist & Ayurvedic Practitioner, not a DOM
Speaking to a group of young professionals at the Columbus Foundation about nonprofit careers! Love this stuff.
My hair getting lengthy again. ^-^
"Oh, she looked like Pocoahontes." how do you spell that anyway ?
God made the world round so we would never be able to see too far down the road
u think Otto will start the final regular season game??
on : Top HCM challenges in '12 center on Agility - 2 balance need 4 profitable growth & skills shortage
we are working with Devery Cash from Keller Williams. Super knowledgeable/responsive and really nice!
how are u?
You could say that this is the soft launch of the college. A Beta release.
how did you find me... I was trying to be sneaky
Im chillin bro be back soon i miss yall niggas to man you home for good ?
At Milwaukee Art Museum's China exhibition. Two thumbs up- lovely objects, thoughfully curated.
funny thing is, im not tweeting about you, you were tweeting about me, so i tweet back... just stop now, you sound pathetic .
Fatso's is gearing up for a great football season this year. Most of our TV's have gone HD. Stop by to check it out.
Holy crap! That was insane!
Movie recommendation is Paul Rudd in "Wet Hot American Summer"
It's really interesting. My sts (her age) like FB, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr, but not G+
This is a very informative segment on AIDS and LGBT actions.
Mitch Thermos' untitled piece is quite nice. A bit bluesy.
#Opportunity is often missed because we are #broadcasting when we should be tuning in”
What do you think of our new design for items in the stream?
Many thanks to Gallery, & Raftermen Photography for their ongoing support of Art Relish.
matt doesn't look a day over 16.
Sign Up for Spinning at 5pm & 7pm Today for the Hottest GROUP SPINNING IN CLEVELAND, class start's at 6:00pm and a Second Class at...
i just want to wake up tomorrow and it's not real. Seriously, Falcao and Roberto did me in last year with Benfica as well..
Would anyone care to give me a shout out :)?
I mean hope lol
Looking for information about fresh food? Call 2-1-1 for details on farmer's markets throughout Central Kentucky. Eat fresh, and local!
Varying the number of type parameters of a generic class, is varying it's "arity" (derived from same source as singul-arity perhaps?)
This can't be anywhere but Texas...
maybe ill go apply to berea marcs, I like to sing.
“: I've gotten used to the "kkkckk kakkk" I hear when almost everything in my body cracks.”
You dont look stupid! & I am lovin that perry hat :D
Happy 16th birthday (:
Sorry to hear that. We are always fully stocked with passes at our administration building at 1942 N. 17th Street
42k on 3rd break of main event
I love this shit!
match game. RT if you think they are good couples Fave for they should date or reply if they are not cute join in if you want
Tired af ; time to knock out !
Embracing the traits that make me unique. #lilywhite #redheadedstepchild #funnyman Happy MLK Day
I am getting a lot of spam answers from one of my posts... how weird...
The world I love, the tears I drop to be part of the wave can't stop, ever wonder if it's all for you?
I'm a slave for you.
lol i have drank before
Are you attending Empowered to Connect in Nashville this week? You could win a complete set of our DVDs!
NOT COOL!
I had to swallow instead of get it shot all over my face #surprise ..now that's some
I'm in a flawless mood. This is weird.
Good morning <3
i hate his freedom
One of my kittens (Pollux) just bit through a brand new reed blank, earning him a face full of water and a swift ejection from the room.
lol I do I do
thanks! i love that cover.
"I dwell in possibility." - Emily Dickinson
Um so the wine is not my friend tonight....
im ok, how about you?
At work!! Then chillin w girlie!
Happy b-day Chris Brown Hope its a great one :D :)
good luck today!
I'm actually reading Dratch's right now! Working on a little review for Got me in the mood for the others!
“: RT : Looks like a at kind of night tonight. Fucking excited. ”
if i had big boobs i would dress like a slut
Last year's home opener saw a 0-0 draw and one particularly terrible no-call on what was surely a foul on Omar Bravo in the box.
followed(: follow back please?
Who listed to the radio program?
followed!:) -Sophie
Win of Seattle based project for Apple iPhone in healthcare domain. Medihelp will help patient to connect with their doctor.
Quick! Grab some scissors and turn yours into a mini dress. No one will notice.
How great would that administration be? #sarcasm The Crusades 2.0
GAME DAY! Headed to Austin College today. Tip off at 4pm.
Fuck it Im cute right ? nosa JK - Idc I want all the biddies to follow my shit talking
Driving in the rain to Austin.
Navy jet crashes into residential area of Virginia Beach. Loads of damage.
Inc. we put u in the driver seat to success without the need to look over ur shoulders so u can enjoy the fruits of ur hardwork.
thinking about going on a run tomorrow morning
:( good luck!
I know the adults are having beer & the kids are having chocolate milk. Am I right?! ;)
Treating myself to dinner at Bobby Flay. Spicy southwest ribeye. Side of wild mushroom and truffle smashed potatoes. And a sazerac cocktail.
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx: John Tucker Must Die.
TGIF! Hope everyone had a great week, join us after work for our award winning Happy Hour $3 & $4 Menu items including Hot wings, Wood...
I'm smart. I just occasionally tweet stupid.
Happy Motherd Day
omg i know ! Im so ezcited holy shit yours is month awayy then we gonnn. Party
#Leverage is back in town, can tell by the big white trucks and heavy cable wires running the sidewalks. Start watching channel 11 cable.
There is nothing more suicidal than a rational investment policy in an irrational world. - Keynes
I've heard that, when Bill Gates flies he always requests a Windows seat.
Are slides and/or video available from last week's #wommu?
your moms mean!! 😖😖😖 Bahahha
Ok, back up and at it. OH, this is what it means to be "rested". Strange clarity...
in honor of #women'sday and seeing my friend Gohar later this week, I made a loan to an Armenian woman.
Holy shit o.o
just looked at it now.... i have mixed feelings
Omg annoying stfu
Stop making fun of local Baltimore dj Slash....too funny! By the way, when are you hitting the road Bono?
Yeah -no more loud commercials on TV
Did you take or give this week? You have one more day to give ! Teach someone something they can do for themselves, give something back tom…
right? We're all so old
today was fun hanging out w/ my guy friend♡
no I was taking a break at a scenic overpass lol
Make another cute shirt for the next game you dirty cheesesteak eating fucks.
I think as long as it leans toward the funny side it will work. An "ice breaker" if you will?
Asking fake people if they were made in China
and while u do it imma be Pretty girl rocking! *Keri Hilson voice*
": You must be too truthful then if ppl call u mean lol"
On our way to Brownie Encampment. No electronics except my bare bones cell. Enjoy your connectedness! I`ll rejoin it tomorrow.
well that should eliminate my Orioles...
you mean HAM. hard as a motherfucker. yeah i know girl. and yeah i always bring it
Police have responded to a report of a shooting at the home of former NFL star Junior Seau in Oceanside, Calif.
that'd be hilarious if you went to the same school as my cousins. #weird haha
Love what you chose ... see, it wasn't that hard, was it?
Arrested for DUI? Call us today for a free consultation - 619.338.9500
Wine time?
yes indeed. Noreena rocks.
Is officially obsessed with Instagram! Who's got it? Follow me at taylormariealexander ((:
- True. Thanks for that. What's new? O, can I still use my Kickstarter ticket for tomorrow's performance?
The steroid era may be over, but the lockout era has just begun. Retweet, if you hate sports lockouts. We do.
Exciting things are happening in 2012 =D
great idea! I'm new to using twitter as a teaching tool. Excited to learn and improve!
Jus finish my algebra test
We have safely landed in LA!
Dear mike mcarthy, you can't win games when you pass on every play. Your # 347314785221 upset fan Tom
": Clark County 61, Campbell County 45. Final. Clark vs. Mason County The more things change, the more they stay the same
: Really? I'll keep that in mind if I ever have to vote on male reproductive issues.
perfect RT I hate when people complain about the location of their laundry room. YOU HAVE A LAUNDRY ROOM. SHUT UP.
Thanks, Razor. Looking forward to the book, man.
I think there's a rogue sect of umpires that want expanded replay. Only explanation.
Some people must've woken up on the wrong side of someone else's bed this morning..cheer up! You're breathing aren't you?! Be grateful!
that's fascinating! Must mean Mongolians follow science.
How's the 'Kieferothophäde ' Junge :D
Aww man RT : I'm bout do get one rite now lol
Glad it's coming to the Mac as well, however I'm wondering what kind of quality it is going to be as a browser-based platform.
The other morning a dude's headphones/iPod was so loud the sitting next to him got off & went to next car. Loud dude had no clue.
not mean, just weirdd
Dirty Joke Alert:Why do they call the middle part of a woman the "waist"? Because there was room for a couple more tits. More
How old is your daughter?
You can tell me I'm beautiful a million times and I'll NEVER EVER believe you , but tell me I'm ugly once ! I'LL CARY THAT ME WHOLE LIFE !
Didn't you hear Verboom say "Dresses BELOW the knee WHEN YOU SIT DOWN." Da fuq? You looked like a hooker.
Halloween will be fun but Thanksgiving is coming and save some room for some ROCK Nov. 28th in Lakewood! New set... special night...
i miss you too! Have a great day today!!
Justin is OFFICIALLY 18 I just can't believe it Justin grew up so fast I really do hope he has an amazing day today HappyBirthday Justin 😄
Stepped into my new neighborhood's indie movie rental store. So much better than online or digital scanning for flix.
If Osama was a baller, he wouldve made a vid where he says the U.S. claim of his death are untrue, have a voice offscreen add the date l8r.
Know of any good ways to spend this drizzly day?
I am very grateful to have had be a part of my crew for the past 10 months! He's a great talent and will be missed!!
That was clearly a travel on
Can't sleep :-(
They Look great! I wish I had your patience.
Thanks for the Mac love, Major.
only if you text me back ;)
I can see it in ur eye yu lying !!
and to you too!
Writing with Danelle from the and Mr Danny Myrick. It's gone be an awesome day, I can just feel it!
What was that U said about OKC? #ManSitYoAssDown LOL
Out of all the Seniors I think I'm going to miss the most.
feels so good outside today!!!!!
I just found out I'm in the very last middle seat in the back of the plane next to the toilet. I'm about to go all up in here.
thanks for the follow Dr. Bloom! Good luck on your book launch!
<double wince>
I want to do another ustream!!!!(:
I had a great time watching preform at the 939 cafe. You missed out if you were not there.
ATTENTION PLZZZ. All people please follow me and We both got hacked! But losk 5K! *Bretana*
I'll message it to you!
Thanks, Bill :)
vanilla icecream with maple syrup on top
Laredo Country Club? I've played there 3 times. That course took my lunch money.
Me too! But I really need to quit going outside every time I hear her. I got little down today and she hasn't even laid eggs yet.
I was doing a spirit recording, and I was sitting there, and I asked "is there anyone i know here" and it said "cupcake"...
#Brewers really shitting the bed here.
WHY IS IT SO COLD.
I do get on I just don't tweet. Goodness don't tell me what to do, bossy.....jk I love ya :)
I know you're a Krugman guy but insane is a bit strong.
Dallas Today! :D
yes yes I do. And I think Stewart Mandel offered a fair rebuttal to this point. We get it. You can get off the soapbox now.
RT Trying to keep up with all the #moo love is overwhelming my 28.8k dial-up!
#BandsILove The Air I Breathe
check out it will change/save your life.
man, i want some of whatever koolaid they're drinking. On second thought, maybe not... lol
I also think Ed. Gaming helps inspire students that are not trad. learners to engage w/new material!
Skills & Conditioning. MMA Conditioning, Krav Maga Self-defense, MA Fitness, Ground Defense, Arnis. In Dallas? Come Visit!
Swans Are Just Gay Ducks D;
Oh good. I'm receiving the all important "sponsored" tweets with facts about their Angus burgers
why are you punking your little brother around for?? Hahah
Love receiving encouraging emails from Miss you buddy!
is rockin out to dum dum girls at neumos! Come pop n' pose with me to gain entrance to the #snacksecret show tom night!
The jury in the school shooter Brendan O'Rourke case is now in deliberations for the sanity phase of the trial.
yes! Beryl's episode was my favorite yet, and I've been watching for years. Who wouldn't adore her?!
If we would've hit most of our free throws this game would be way different
Natural Stone on Sale Now! Eliminating all existing inventory. Buy now and you could save up to 50% off wholesale pricing.
Finally getting some house shows under way! If you want us to to do one for you guys, send an email to
I'll be tattooing with this weekend in Pomona,CA who's going to be there?
thanks for the follow
You must be so proud! What a sweet song!
Success is a reality, but you must believe it in your beautiful mind. (daryldorsey.com)
TY 4 the follow! More info on the film is on our site. Would love for you to see it!
But when i looking at you..
Only today left to enter our competition! Tweet/DM why you should win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms #Newark Palace Theatre 28th Jan.
I'm on the computer and I know what would be in that little box if it showed emoticon.
There a party of course ! NYC or long island @@@@@@@@@@
With each member? Down. n_n
Thanks - I'm sure I'll enjoy the book. Viva La Madness !
Algorithms don't have a particularly good sense of humor .. yet ;-)
I love u
I'm still here for the new house part
I tweeted much more than usual this weekend--must be because I behaved during the week AND posted what I intended to, this weekend.
Today ( in a a couple of hours) Arroz con gandules, pernil, pasteles, tostones todo home made... a little early I know but why not?
Babe, your Love is one in a million...... it goes on and on and on....."
checking my email every second for the schedule!! :D
pecha kucha -ed this morning and it was crazy but exciting and fun as well!
So tired 😲
Thank you to New Berlin West Algebra classes for making my "Math in Banking" teaching a great experience!
Yay!...New album 'HANDS CLEAN' available TODAY on & www.rhianbenson.com
: Man...I cant take any more news about my friends and divorce. Im through with it<-I hear u man
What happened bro?
#threadinglessons # threadingclasses #threadingfresno Now offering private and professional threading classes
Packed 5 boxes so far. Got a huge cardboard cut on the tip of my finger, back hurts already. Not as fun as advertised.
im getting tired of citylife. Seriously need more woods& less people in my life. The older i get the better home looks.
trying to go to my happy place...
The presentation about presentations has been the best presentation and has shed new light on all the other presentations.
You hafta be a real savvy nerd to do both!
have learned a lot from your involvement w/ #ows. Thanks for connecting w/ DC folks on Have fun in Denver.
Thanks to all our new followers!!!
THIS CRUST PUNK IS PLAYING VIDEO KILLED THE RADIO STAR ON HIS ACCORDION OUTSIDE THE WINDOW.
I agree but that doesn't excuse your very condescending attitude which clearly stems partly from resentment.
yoo whas good bro, me and this guy joe stayed up til like 3 pm, im all fucked up right now lol
Finally! Some fresh juicy watermelon! Fruit is so hit or miss. It's nice to finally meet a good batch. :0)
#YouKnowShesTheOne If She Gets Jealous Of Other Hoes You Around
I'm drained of energy.
opening day is monday, april 16th...i hope you're hungry!
eye will take losses until eye get comfortable with another team. And then it will be like it always has been untill now.
FreeFlowProduct thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Slowly squeezing myself into a low carb/low sugar diet. I've done it before, I can do it again! Gotta get rid of all this xtra *me*.
what friend?!
Omfg Justin Bieber just came on the the MTV MOVIE AWARDS HE LOOKS SO CUTE AH I LOVE YUH JUSTIN BIEBER
Love Actually you say? Very nice choice.
oh yes i did bad boy! :)
A true #Throwback. Welcome to the new school.
Dropped a very passionate f-bomb in an interview today. Like I channeled it from the beyond. Surprised both of us.
Certainly Eric Deggans, our media monitoring chair is good
And REPEAT,!
I hope makes #AllStarsTour :D
i gotch you baby
Ay watch it, slut.
idk why but I think hip bones are sexy
yay! :D i started it again today i'm on chapter ten already :3
