Got it, thanks for the tip. Good chatting with you at dinner tonight.
Planet Earth & Chronic
you just plug it in and pull the orangey red lever
Happy Valentine's Day! :-D (8)
The Jonas Brothers Year :) Oh yeah (88)
Introducing friends to the delicious , now
#59 Bro, coming clean with others helps us to become clean with ourself... James 5:16
“: Happy BDay Bro!!!”Good Look Bro!!!
Haha. I knew it!
can we be friends
Only two days until #25days25girls! I am SO excited!!!
love the anti oxidents! :)
did someone hack your Twitter? These messages aren't like you so I have to ask...
RT : last day last day so let's twitter away! "sponsor",
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer
#18FavoriteThingsAboutJustinbieber fights for what he loves
when they showed her with her family, her brother was crying as she was yelling. I feel for him.
which is exactly why I only said "she"
ahh so excited!
He had his really 'on' moments last year (e.g., 1st CHC start) but yes, very impressed today!
Will you come to Asia? I feel bad and sad when others could meet you and I'm here rotting at home like a potato D':
#BIL2012 anyone need a ride from Monterey area down to LongBeach? Late Fri or Sat morning? prius = cheap gas ;)
YOUR A MEAN GIRL CADY!... YOUR A BITCH!... #ThisMovie lmfao.
21 more days until christmas! :D
? You are very welcome Ms ? -- Thanks for reading our stuff!! Tell Mr Decker 'Hello' for us!
I meant April. I was trying to fix it, but hit tweet instead! :)
Happy Thanksgiving to you...enjoy!!
TART judging today!
Nothin like being on the field at Miller Park and watchin the game on the big screen. Waitin for to come
#NowPlaying Up all night. Not turning into a directioner I just like 1D music.
ah help me...what the hell did I do....the guys name was "chuck" something...thought it was your brother gay
Just watch a music video. Damn. We've come a long way folks.
Good luck--may the orthodontist not take your kids hostage for 8-10 years, as tends to happen in my family.
It is a modest goal!
Jungle Island's Mother's Day Brunch Today, Sunday, May 13 11:00a at Jungle Island, Watson Island, FL
Churro Sale today!
Georgia is such a cute little girl name <3
Perfect day for lunch outside. If you Instagram, tag any photos related to lunch #LunchChicago It's the theme of the week.
happens all the time!
add a little grenadine.
What's up world...what is everybody doing for it???
Hoping I can make it for the #VIP event on Sunday! Thanks for the invite!
Im working on my million dollar idea!!!
The terrific Vikki N. Spruill to be the new President and CEO of the Council on Foundations. ( )
Oh god thank you. This is great.
I don't always get evacuated from my dorm at 4am, but when I do, I feel amazing the next day
Neil Peart~ If you choose not to decide -- you still have made a choice
She talked abt how Wht Girls take care of their man. BITCH that's why he's using your ass in the 1st place. Dumb ass white girls!
Morning! Prob not exactly like Dallas but it's warm here(:
OMG thats awesome. I would LOVE pic to put up on the nursing home wall. while I rehab. Another surgery fri.
RT LoveBrinda: if you're following Cassie,then I bet your retweet button is being constantly repaired.her tweets are epicl ...
Seriously guys! How do u date these whiny girls?! I've been listening to this girl complain to her man for like 30 min now. Omg Shut Up!
#IfItWasntforTwitter you probably wouldn't be thinking about wings from Quaker Steak & lube right now...because now you are.
last time yu texted me was in april -__-
haha I'm watching now I'm getting annoyed with how much I'm seeing and hearing josh gates. Online might be better!
More accents come in handy, this week it's Aussie, French, German & American.
LearnZillion: started by principal from E.L.Haynes PCS in DC.
finishing another site upgrade...this takes too long!!
I have no idea. xD I'm insane, I'm sorry. lmao.
it would be amazing if we got to go to the beach together . ♥
nah I left before it came down
Kurics J has gone south
hey guess what? yourebeautifulyourebeautifulyourebeautifulyourebeautifulyourebeautifulyourebeautifulyourebeautiful
Lower gas prices? Blame
U of Utah. Best. Library. Ever.
You should add "mind reader" to your new business cards! :D
Yay! RT : I just received my Conference Confirmation for #NABJ12. Next stop signing up for Learning Lab.
Taking my placement test tomorrow, shit .
No Fair... youre ahead of me
Wouldn't miss it! ;)
Why am I such a fatty when it comes to carrots?
I definitely own a couple wootshirts as well. Every single one has been a fantastic purchase.
so i'll follow the feeling as i float to the ceiling with my heart steering. g'night tWorld
Watching the Sister Wives clan on Anderson Cooper- sounds like wife number 3 is the one to be.
shainabarbiecakermain tell me what it do tho
Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mother! Love her very much & couldn't live without her!
I Life God has Plans For Each Of Our Lives Plans for Greatness and I am So Excited!
the lead Singer runs this Twitter account silly ;)
Such a perfect day to visit . So gorgeous out :)
Doing the Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure tomorrow? Join us for brunch before (we open at 8am) or after! You deserve it!
2010 was a big year for me. Going #vegan was the best decision I have ever made. 2011 should be even more exciting!
#Apple determined that nothing was wrong with 's desktop. They ran a 30 hr loop to overheat it; found nothing wrong
Thanks Niza I appreciate it
hey babe
just followed my last 4 followers!!! ask them! RT for that good ol' follow
DUMB!!!! RT : What did you guys think of what Boozer said? :(
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl
Game 3 in Los Angeles #Coyotes vs
Some one hacked my account but I just got it back good luck on hacking it again
oh and criminal minds party at basch's!!!!
sign me up and make me a martini.... Or a cold #Abita Amber!! Looks #nerdy and #awesome!
i'm at work.... i'm guessing he hit a HR
Obama call for unity is the right thing to do. Wish the politicians could/would do it.
you're famous!
#BeforeYouExit is trending worldwide guise! woo. ♥
Not a restaurant, but Achatz Pie Co. uses about 95% Michigan products from sugar to berries and apples..Love them!
YES LALYA IS NEW WOMENS CHAMP
RT : Our first concert will be JAY Z on Sept. 28th! Tweet us the first concert you ever attended!
Chris Dede: technologies are solutions in search of problems
Thank you! ! MT Nice to see 's book 'Inspirational Women' at BofA in Kenmore Sq.!
RT : Go follow . They're on their twitter game 24/7 and lookin for 2000 followers.
Feeling more like a pacifist today than usual. Frustrated by the celebration of someone's death.
OH OH! I was working on my blog and accidentally changed the template and colors....how did I do that? Now to fix it! Ugh! Sigh!
are you guys starting a team?
hey! there is! and a mere 82 miles away. :)
Crap. I'm terrible at both. :/
I'd suck someones d**k for some Red Bottoms , <3
Hey you. How's motherhood? Miss ya.
haha!!! Yes. The one and only!!! They have one down the street from where I work. Too bad I can't get one delivered to u!!
Happy Veterans Day! THANK YOU to all veterans for your service to this country - YOU ARE AMAZING and I APPRECIATE YOU! Have a great weekend!
well.... this should be interesting
Libya and Yemen Try to Suppress Protests
rocks - go meet with them, or better yet, help me convince Dr. Josh to come to BNI and talk about his model!
How about them #Gators, another #elite8, I hope this year they can keep it going!
- My Mommy Has Surgery Tomorrow . . i Wouldn't Be Surprised if The House Burnt Down While She's Gone . .
Very nice. I would of loved one - but maybe next year :)
Academic advantage #highschool👍
Just read a tweet where UnitedHealth Groups quarterly profit referred to as obscene. Curious if author understands concept of margin: 4+%
Just spent 20 minutes on the phone with my mother acting as her GPS. Wish I were kidding.
RT : If Mitt's ever charged with treason, he'll just pay the fine.
send me a pic with you wearing them
what about the need for def. backs?
M waking up to tht ;)
damn who
Hey Ken...Where is that picture of Rachel Crow with straight hair?.....Thanks!!!.
It is tearing me up on the inside to have these feelings for you, but I can't get rid of them.
#Photo #retouching available- reasonable rates. Email me at:
the remix to Murs' breaking up, brought to you by a very hungry me lol
Ok fourth floor fooln at purgatory. bday bash... .
If I can see your lipgloss shimmering across the street then it's too much!
What a nice thing to say. Thank you.
Don't let the turkeys get you down. Just pitch great tonight, if you get the opportunity.
Good morning. HAPPY BIRTHDAY ARIANA! Enjoy your day =) I love you so much ♥
I can believe that. Coca-Cola is big in meth states.
what kinda can ya running? I knw Jory gots that fortitude. ;)
Waiting for ppl 2 get out at the international terminal at O'Hare sucks!
Sounds perfect. See you tomorrow!
Productivity is key. Stay focused. When I can't be in the lab, I write.
gave them a call friday. gonna check it out.
cant wait for your new single to come out!! reply plzz ;)
i made it onto the SAKs shortlist :D
Watching adventure time.... Love it
go Blue (and Brett) <3 RT : Survive and advance, wasnt pretty but at this point just want to keep winning.
it's alright. Miss you!
New season leaked via - sad to hear Rudel shun his home company when it needs his support most
7:30am - 6:15pm work day. Not even sure i accomplished that much
thank you for coming. I'll miss you guys a ton. The snow standing, not so much.
So sleepy and have a 6 hour drive ahead of me! Bad combination, Coffee?? Yes please!!
I miss you too, but we should be asleep!
Oops I did it again....waaah.
Agreed! RT : Feeling the same...but hey there's more games!! The HEAT will come back!! Good Morning Vizcayne! :)
iBrick no more! I think the servers are coming back online!
does the yellow #PowerRangers count as a superhero?
Does keep crashing for anyone else or is it just me. Had to switch to
He was good. Good genes.
Boy scouts on campus having a blast with our Wmns Lax Track n Field teams and ROTC!
damn Lamar Odom playin in the D league now
where did you go for the americano?
Watching camp rock and thinkin how amazing and all are thay rock xx love u oxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR THE HAPPY BIRTHDAY WISHES THIS MORNING!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!! lol
Ed's pub in leisure bowl ftw!!
#pbsDownton I'm afraid Bates is going to hang...
Awesome! Thanks!
Check out the reading series "The FIrst Time" at Uncommon Ground on Devon tonight, featuring TWW's Bobby Evers!
Today is National Weather Person Day. has been leaving subtle hints all morning. I forgot to buy a gift.
Im very lighted headed right now
I know you will crush. Bust out some vintage bits. Dora, Yoda, Bullwinkle, Leah Myette
Was Obama homeless? It takes about as long to get a homeless person's birth certificate as it did for him..
I need to know who Ted's wife is!!
Working on a blog:What causes phenylketonuria (PKU)? Can it sometimes be misdiagnosed as ADHD (or vice versa)? Should be done in a few hours
nope i don't sorry... have a great day! God bless!
my car is still locked away by DC thanks, in part, to USPS who withheld important mail from me today. Not happy.
I grew up watching: Lassie, Rin-Tin-Tin, Run Joe Run, what is another famous animal movie?
Personal Finance Tips: 3 'Can't Miss' Moves - Business Insider
And now, of course I feel even shittier about myself nowww... Knew I shouldn't have done that... 😔😣💔
Back in 2007 I was driving OTR steped out of my rig and snapped my ankel. I put on 25 POUNDS FROM HER COOKING IN 4mths.
Gottlieb: If agency refuses to produce docs, burden is on it to cite exemption from PRA. Ask for help from , other sources....
Wow, haven't laughed this hard in awhile (: I love this class (:
": Retweet if you Believe in God . & if Your Scrolling down without Retweeting , He saw you ." U got me! I almost scrolled
it's the other stuff we're most interested in! ;)
i had avoided thinking about it for a few days. it all came rushing back: how in the hell did we lose to KC? my god...
Frankly, I liked The Professional more.
praying for friends.
Dark possibilities there. Factory accidents + exotic prosthetics = sideshow cyborg horrorshow.
Tip #136: 1% of bankroll for mtts, 2% for taking shots at higher buy ins, 3% for sngs (single table), 4% of max buy in for cash games.
We would love it if the good things stayed the same and the bad things changed. We can take comfort in the fact that everything changes.
DIS IS WUT DREAMS ARE MADE OF * SHAKES ASS *
Loving the New Logo :-)
- denies Netflix advertises on Rush in comments of Atlantic Wire article. account doesn't confirm yet
N.M. Atty General will oppose propsed Blue Cross Blue Shield rate hike; Supt of Insurance to approve or disapprv hike by June 1
Might Just Eat Some Cereal <<
U.S. Companies Reporting Earnings on April 26 - Bloomberg
i like your shirt(;
“: We don't begin to know what freedom is until we come to a place in our lives where we have no need to impress anybody.”
I mean u should put the guy on Base, u Dont let him Hurt you
Bad weather in spokane!!
Keep doin it by on right now tune in. Its anotha one fa us ladies
Nearly cried on #TVD tonight. lmao
I wanna were my boots >.<
There are none. Go, with my blessing.
Eating some homemade tamales w/green chilie'.... Life has it's good moments!!!
My Mildred has become quite a little woman, she sings a great many songs and is a most finshed coquette
Hi my follower i wanna say thank you and i hope all of you are blessed and wonderful! God bless you all :-) <3
In the city I like to refer to the Prius as the silent killer.
Shooting a webisode called "The Bedwarmer" & I'm the lead. My 1st time being #1 on the call sheet!
Learned sumthin new bout myself ;)
I sware all this food keeps going straight to my ass !! 😳
I read he was good at making people feel most important when talking to him
": happy birthday coach "<--Thank You Hunter! You the Man
just watched shottas. For the 11th time this week. I love your dads tattoo on your arm
Trying to do front flips.
#isastc time to take games seriously kids have Gladwell's 10,000 hours. They have mastered gameplay.
Jesus paid it all, all to Him I owe.
finallyy; sounds good <3 I'll tell the rest of them lol
Are you at #MSG?
Go Coogs! Love our !
Hurray! More guilt free wine drinking!
U complete me(insert sign language) RT Hung out with for one night and suddenly the world seems right again.
oh no, not my social security number. lol.
Hey! I need a LOT of qualified leads for my business...Christopher / 719.481.9476 / 602.573.4157
How many times has Ray Allen run the floor and finished like that? 2000? 5000?
how are you sweetie??
Back at the drs. office. My baby has been diagnosed with asthma.
Oomf Betta cum to my crib tonight or we gone have a problem
Always! Thanks again so much Laura. Have a lovely weekend. XOX
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear I'm Pregnant"
you needed Greg Gumbel to get my vote
: I feel like such a vieja! But thank you!
Thanks for the play-by-play!
We are drinking local beer and making homemade pizza. Should be a great game!
I really, really love football. But the suicides possibly related to the sport are becoming very hard to ignore.
Back in my hotel room, enjoying my enforced 45 minutes of rest and silence before the night's festivities.
Ain't it the truth.
It's Bermuda Time! Norwegian has great deals leaving from Boston and New York... Contact me for details!
i want to go swimming with sharks. on the list of things to do before i'm thirty :) watching a movie later with my flatmates
Do you remember your favorite song as a child?
Hey everyone! Headed back to the studio soon! Be sure to follow us for updates!
why thank you!
I have no idea... Haha I just watch it online
Awesome show last night! Thanks to all the friends who came out. And my band fam for making great music!
You know I dream in color and do the things I want.
We do not have to wait for tomorrow to make the decisions of today
straight from the hills in Alabama....Yes Ma'am......
I just created a new dad saying: "You can't nickel-and-dime a good time." I feel really good about this one, you guys. Spread it around.
Just signed the contract! We are playing at Warehouse Live!!!
Bynum is a great player. Hes so big and hes almost to the point of unstoppable
Asking me to drink Miller Lite because of the fancy new can is like asking me to watch the '02 #Brewers because of Miller Park.
RT : Q2-I let my kids try tons of things with no or low pressure. Let them find the things they are good at.
Cleveland's mobile project is super ambitious. V. curious to see how it plays out.
Can it just be Thursday already???
#SignsYouLostAFight people are quoting lines from the movie "Friday" to you.
Bitch I just called you !
In Dallas spending time with my family... nothing better than a home cooked breakfast of eggs, gata and toast with apple butter with my mom
Looks like only 4 Bama players got drafted in the 1st round. Thats pretty good!
call me Aladin! ;)
I made the semi-finalist list as an actor through NexTV Ent. Acting & Directing competition. Super psyched!
Today's Question: The name of which Pudding literally means Burnt Cream?
Half of my photos are accidental screen shots of my lock screen and home pages.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can circumvent or hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.-Ella Wheeler Wilcox
m...tea party in the office this afternoon. love the new republic of tea rooibos flavors
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
We have a new promoter! Say hello to Josh. I've been lacking internet at my house which explains my absence so he's taking over for me!
duh let's do it!!
Sucking on a dictionary wouldn't even let you Tricks excel my level... Ijs..
I see u homie
I just want wednesday so i can skip school
The ongoing flow of O replies I'm getting to a #thatdarnlist post is like a test of internet/network speeds across the A&A world.
so awesome congratulations!! What did you get “: Just bought my first truck :)”
I'm gonna be so mad if it goes threw!
Glynis Board is joining the news department at WV Public Broadcasting. She's our new Morgantown reporter. Please follow her!
lol u sho know what to say
SMI Boston is growing! Support & sales positions. Reach out at to learn more.
So nice out
2009 Los Angeles SLAM Pro Basketball Season will be huge!! We will play 50 pro basketball games. Games will be simulcast on radio & internet
ha, yes, I stayed up until 2 or 3 in the morning when I installed mine. Should have slept instead. Goodnight!
do you get to keep it?
Developing more green plans that will be available for purchase soon!
I wanna go
#OhioWantsAustinMahone! Every Mahomie deserves a chance to meet him right!? So help me and trend this!! Tweet it and ill RT
Quote of the day from my mother-in-law: "Amber, I would never want you against me :)!" My response "I know right ;)!!"... Happy Mothers Day!
Sometimes i wonder why i love so much the fear?
Listening to edits of House of Blue Fire episodes 1 and 2. Wow. Some brilliant work by Ken Bentley and Fool Circle...
The crowd is here at the meeting at the Should be a great session. "Tying together the media and the message"
He's more like a Milk Dud
#IGetJealousOf people who flirt with my crush.
6 left and one checking his ans!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's. Such perfect weather.
Party at my math teacher's hizouse! He can sing!
Was a huge help! Thanks :)
I am actually doing a series of posts on the merits of tyrosine supplementation for treating ADHD, so it might be a few weeks.
Thanks a ton! Wanna link or partner in some way? hit me up at
GARRETT FUCKING LEAVE ME ALONE!! SERIOUSLY FUCK OF!
#UTSA leaves the bases loaded... Still tied at 3 going to the 6th
You're a racist for pointing that out. ; )
Brewsters Millions' quote of the night haha “: awesome ..."but if you FAIL...you don't get diddly"”
I really can't think of anything more romantic than that.
Please pray for my mom's friend Angel. He was in a really bad motorcycle accident, and we're not sure if he'll make it. :(
And you didn't include me in your review? For shame! ;D
I want to be like mike, I want to be like mike....
sometimes i feel like everything i do, people will assume my intentions are the worst...but you'll miss me when i'm gone
Thank you .. it did .. I passed it to a friend and her son.. who is amazing :)
Trying to stop court/field stormings is a better way to get people hurt.
no doubt...this exchange is helping! :)
is she really!!?? Or is it a rumor
Hope everyone had a delicious Thanksgiving!
I don't know which attitude I hate more... smugness or entitlement.
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 12
so are you dating perrie please make this clear?
Are there no more Twitter list management tools out there?
Just woke up. School in a couple of hours! Last place I want to be.
RT : Forge.mil runs on #Drupal 10K users #Drupalcommons is making inroads fast
Why do I watch lost? Because I have no life thats why.
#Nook #Fail: 'Next in Series' recommendattion to read after DISCWORLD: COLOR OF MAGIC is...*wait for it*... All My Life by Susan Lucci
you and me both!
You too, Crystal!
Hug a veteran today!
oh my. Yes. We certainly are not the drinkers :)
Let the countdown begin! starts tomorrow! I can hardly wait....
Thanks for the follow. We'd LOVE to work with you to get Act Up's message out and crowdsourced to the media.
Wait, what? lol, I'm lost. I didn't say you stalk every minute O_o confused
Headin out to the Fontanel Mansion for the Porter Wagoner Fishing Tourney kickoff party. Honored to be a part of the action this weekend!
I do live me some cheerwine ... about once a yr
This is the part of me that you never gonna ever take away from me
I'm taking my hero and heroine to Starbucks this morning, coffee's on me, and then I'll write down what they're up to. I enjoy these two!
We're doing a Large 1 Topping Pizza & a Bottle Wine for only $30 for #ValentinesDay tomorrow! Bring a date!
Come party with us New Mexico Tonight Comcast CH27 9pm FATT TUESDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!
Does It have to be a king or will dictator work?
aw thank you!!!♥ youre so sweet :)
Kung Fu Monday - A friend of a friend said hey - I like your work and have become a fan. Thanks friend and new friend.
Shoutout to for my icon. (: thanks for making me a cat<3
I am patenting strawberry juice, who wants to pay me for my bright ideas?
I'm not sure what to make of him. At one point I thought he was a contrarian but I don't hold to that any more.
you're welcome. What's up?
Will Follow you as soon as my follow limit allows me.
hello babe, long time no chat. I miss ya <3
Cheer choreography today! So tired though! 8 to 4 In a no air condition gym ah!
OBRA bike racing this evening starting at 5:30.... No rain makes for a great time at PIR!
San Marino accedes to the CISG (enters into force March 1, 2013): See UNCITRAL website.
thanks for the support! Love your name :)
YOU RULE! We'll follow RT : You RULE! Thanks so much for linking my blog! :)
then you must go eat
Tough play
she has a nice sound.. I want more info -- hit me up
article features individual quotes from an event's FB wall. Sources named, w/o context or relation to story. #HollowJournalism ?
This is the children future. " daddy, can you and bigger daddy come to my school play?"
Objective Dysphagia Management
Had a wonderful early birthday dinner with my future in-laws and my girlfriend's twin bro at margaritaville. Too bad she was stuck in IL
tune in to #TWiPkr @ 4pm PT / 7p ET TODAY ask questions live on air w/ guests
So how would you define happiness?
Goodnight I'll tweet later this afternoon so anyway once again Goodnight
I can't wait for your album!! #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE Your my inspiration #beliebersgohard PLEASE RT, Nov 1st
lol I'm up watching it too lol smh
She's like my bestfriend I've never had she understands me like no one else can <3
I've just been called a wizard. Harry Potter got nothing on me!!
my mothafuckin throwback jam
Haha I hear ya. He never shows up for our dates either.
Lord, I need you right now.
you confused me for a lover of spam?
Easy, Izturis. I hated him when he first signed.
Hey eveyone. Come down and enjoy their delicious food. We approve and recommend it. #Follow us Our mobile app is releasing soon
eating diner late... big appeitite/ later gonna watch a scary movie wit my cuzins. Good nite ;)
" Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy."
Celebrating the creative process 2pm Open Marley Project
Rowe: As a digital humanist, how do you navigate btw creating an archive of data + an interpretation that might foreclose other responses?
#FF Thanks for following! You're the bees knees!
I'm Like In Love With Rajon Rhondo That Is In My Mind Is The Best Point Guard
NFL Combine officially underway today. First PlayersRep client to arrive is Syracuse OL Andrew Tiller. Follow him
Watching Piers Morgan on CNN - Why is Santorum wearing a vest with his own name on it? Does he think we'll forget who he is?
2nd year in a row: Magellan 1/2 Marathon pouring rain & literally breath-taking headwind last 7 mi. Here's hoping <1:50.
For Zuckerman's birthday, I shall give him a tip--Fix iPhone/Facebook app compatibility, for Christ's sake!
Love this!!!! What a cutie (your dad, not SJP).
#Milwaukee #Wisconsin #Milwaukee Public Transit needs to investigate #Transit Plus & their mistreatment of the disabled & elderly Please RT
That just pissed me off!
You're strong to have sat through the entire thing lol
Terrence Keleher says we should shift race discussion from "Who's a racist?" to "What's causing racial inequalities." Love this.
Once again, I'm art cop for the Images Art Festival.
John Cho And Clark Duke Join Jason Bateman In The Identity Thief Melissa McCarthy also on-board.
um family plane?!?! are you secretly a millionaire and didn't tell me??
listen to you will eeeeaaaaase into being home xoxo
Wow! Two weeks of just loaded ... where have they been hiding? And I thought nobody was listening!
not following
My boss car is bad
Coffee is honestly the best part of my day.
Not even as mad as i thought i would be at my Knicks losing. Better team won, plain n simple.
“: Made an old school to do list with a sharpie tonight. Can't wait to mark stuff off tomorrow! #nerd” Lists keep me sane!!
Yo Kobe is going to have a MJ Game 5: "The Flu Game" type of performance tonight. He's going to do whatever it takes to get that W!!
(1/2) Why I love twitter: yesterday talked essentials of men's grooming w/former NotreDame and AZ Cardinals great Bertrand Berry... Today
Knowing about everyone in Mos wanted Crew B4 Mos wanted Crew even formed and now seeing them on the stage is CRAZY !!
Championship-day birthday wishes to Joe Kemp!
It's hot
so on that basis I don't think it's innovative. Twitter is genius. Isn't this about product/market evolution?
he's my baby and i wont let him go RT : Cwazy. RT : if david leaves...he will leave in a body bag
You manifest your future.
I say go for it!
So I was sitting in the LSP Members Club yelling, "Convey go to goal!" And he did! 1-0
I don't have no kind of tweets
This girl
Please share any ROI you have seen from Pintrest. Eager to hear pros and cons.
#1ThingIFindSexy Perfect Ass's, Just sayin'
Advertise LIBRARIANS in your literature. Let patrons know that we are a resource!
shut ur monkey ass up!!!
Where can I find information on EMPOWERED? I'm interested in getting involved!
SATURDAYS AT #COMMONSPACE WITH #PARTYALLWEEK.COM #SPOTLIGHTPARTIES.NET $5DRINS AND FROZEN DRINKS!
Diana Ortiz Updates: While LP is on hiatus, Diana auditioned for US X Factor. Hopefully we will see her on the show this year! Stay tuned..
Young men talk a good talk while chasing woman but what will they do if they actually catch any
very classy things, clapping when opposing players go down & "ref, youre gonna cost my kid a college scholarship"
thats the only thing I hate about being southern :p
Good day all! Off to two auditions then improv at UCB... while fighting off a cold. Grrr.
it's okkkaaaay bbyyy, you're not letting us down . we love you , on the show or not
doesn't see my tweets in the mass amount of tweets goin at him right now.
You better get here quick ! It's PASTRAMI Wednesday :)
So what to do next? Done with these preliminary contract numbers & my brain feels fried. #work is kicking my tail today.
“ Light Burden = Gospel | Heavy Burden = Not Gospel | #ChildlikeTheology”
my thoughts exactly
Why keep asking about the game if I clearly don't respond to your questions.
Great Homes, Great Prices, Land in South Florida for the investment of your lifetime
my bestfriend just got asked to the senior prom. Were freshman. EEEEEPNUGGETS
yea I kno just holla when u want
Stop acting do dumb. You're not cute.
As a Gamecock fan, I don't think I could eat it. It does look good though.
It's a nod to the song, haha
Very short trip actually. I arrive Thursday night and will be gone by Friday night. Have to photograph a wedding the next day!
I Wanna Get On The Phone ... But There's Nobody To Talk Too
then reply 4 hours later like no your time to reply has passed
It seems I have a penchant for driving through monsoons...
will do! thanks for letting us know. you've got a great site.
Cheers. What are you up against?
haha one time my friends and I were playing truth or dare and we dared one of my friends to get in the dryer.. She Fit! lol
that's cool too. but you never know til you know. I have doubts about people I know personally. Just haven't seen it.
#wov12 listening to jennifer christie top diversity officer american express talk about transparency
Just had a beer at happy hour with a 91 year young man. Hope I'm half as cool as that man.
Dynamic Heating and Cooling Specializes in air quality for you home & air purification systems.
Why do people think I'm tall in person ? I'm such a midget .
Stay strong girl!!! We gone rise up on them. Don't they know we're younger and probably stronger or will be soon. Lmfao!!!
Inside "the marble John Hay Library" I have come home. :-)
I am inventing a recipe for baked chicken. It will either be delicious or fail horribly. Or the apartment may explode.
that's interesting; is there a line item for data mgt in the redistribution of indirect? rhetorical question :-)
Forward like greener and more energy efficient, and equal rights? Or forward like back to the cart and buggy days?
WalMart is going tothink I'm casing the joint, my third trip there today! Maybe I should make a list!
It's an extra day, people!!!! Allow that to blow your mind. What are you going to do with it (aside from just go to work or school)?
Thank you for all the support on the website and everything I'm really glad to be a part of this fan base we are family! Thank you guys! :)
Milk Duds and Sausage patties.
#WhenIWasLittle I thought everything was fair, people never lied and that life would go on forever and ever...
What...a...gorgeous...morning!
we cool
Thank you! We're very excited about it. Couldn't do it without fans like you!
What to do today. Could be productive or I could turn the tv on and watch Doctor Who.
We will have to pass your meet & greet info to our employees and customers in the area!
that's an absolutely great pic of u!
Hotel manager tells me there's internet in the room...yes sir. But it's 10 dollars. I will be staying in the lobby.
I speak my mind. I never mind what I speak.
White team goes three-and-out in first offensive possession of #Badgers spring game. Brennan 0-for-2 (Marquis Masson intended on both).
FIRST 5 PEOPLE TO COME IN AN SAY YOU FOLLOW HILLEL ON TWITTER GET A FREE DRINK IN THE HILLEL COFFEE CAFE.
grab a lock of your hair, straighten it, get a ruler, and measure it. Read the number, tweet it. how long is ur hair? :) .x
In a relationship : Everyone likes you. Single : No one likes you. Does this happen to anyone else?
Walkin in to starbucks in bev with a fitted hat on gets so many stares... Ha yes I'm gay??
I texted you too goofy I got a new #
im with you had to do it I was dying in here
Ima bout 2 cry this is heart breaking they cnt shut down their Twitter account !!!:(((((
Excited for Packers back to back picks coming up
Bored as heck!!
On tour, I encountered a venue where they referred to ERS's as "the long skinny ones" without a hint of irony
Many Men - 50 Cent ... Such a good song
#Santorum: Whether it's #ObamaCare, #RomneyCare - they're interchangeable.
For the record, I am a whiz at helping patrons with OverDrive. You just can't make me enjoy it.
Talking to le Potato<3
#Prayers for Cairo
my dad tells me look what I bought ! Lmao
Craig Desetree --- 56% of all milk related illnesses associated with #rawmilk consumption over a 14 year span, per CDC.
RT : Warning: once you see GQ's Best Stuff of the Year 2011, you're gonna want the Hermes ashtray—even if you don't smoke:...
I feel sorry for the lady that is about to do my nails.
Working on my last presentation for my last day of school, it's a strange feeling.
I don't hate you :)
but don't celebrate too hard or he'll stop the show
RT - Lets Get it indians bring home the ohio cup where it belongs cleveland
okay well, it's going to be a complete riot getting 2013 tickets, so we'll see. I WANNA GO SO BADD!
You can only fake being happy for so long.
Bliss is working up a sweat dancing with
If someone is “On Pins and Needles” it means he is anxious or nervous, especially in anticipation of something
HAHAHA. I THOUGHT YOU Disliked SOCCER. AND ZP Is definitely an IDIOT FOR BETTING
good what?! lol
I find it hilarious that my mom still signs her texts.
love love love
Is SunFest too loud?: But for West Palm Beach condo dwellers, that isn't necessarily a good thing. As music equipment becomes more so...
#Indian Massacre in Orlando for your
oh boy. What happened???
#2011in3words Thankfully Effing Over
Only 4 days left to join the fit challenge!
2-3-4 up. Let's get some runs.
Is that the one where they get slime all over them?
No steroids.
Happy National Teacher Day! #ThankATeacher from
Ditto. That recipe might need reworking.
Journeys See the tourist information Of khaparanda and designation of information map weather rates of change :-)
Oh, Oh, I want one of those! LOL
call her school tell her to take the bus n ill get her from raph..call the school NOW
Good show 2nite! r making it interesting, road game vs Fire, & owner for 1on1 int 2nite @ 8
I don't think I ever called him that. But to insist JG's not a pedophile is to insist the girls weren't children. To what end?
Work flow
What film do you have playing at #NFFTY2012? My film "Friends" is screening this Sat @ 11am. Hope I get a chance to see it!
You know walkin in the Gucci store and they saluting- 2 Chains
Dress for success and show up 10 minutes early!
bottle? I don't drunk beer but I'm Irish enough to know that Guinness is built from a tap. ;)
What are you doing having tea at 2:30 in the morning?
have a great night! Or morning what ever it is where you are..haha
the Commercial of my show CSI is now on the air :)
lol didnt know that either RT “: Didnt know they call Miami the 6th borough, that many ppl from NY is down there? Lml ”
no I are the niggest
Is it nice out? Our heads are sewed to the pillow.
Things that I could care less about, and in fact am pretty sure are completely meaningless: State of the Union speeches.
DO IT!
- you're a coward. dont give espn the right to publish your news. come out & say it first.
RT : "A child of five could understand this. Fetch me a child of five." ~ Groucho Marx
naaaaaaa I already have a St. James Version...no need for another
wats good big homie talk to me
Wonderful and Blessed year. Cleaning up and arranging for E0WE.
OpenTable had revenues of $100mil in 2010. Does anyone use this webservice? Does it really bring more biz to restaurants???
it does set the bar high.
China Starts Trading Ringgit Vs Yuan In Onshore Market Thursday
if only life was that easy haha
Jean is fuckin perfection. Awesome. Lyrics for days.
on my way for the thing!
Every time the song "far away" comes on , all I wanna do is actually go back in time and meet my mammal . I remind myself that she's above !
GO GO GO FOLLOW !!
Thanks so much! Yeah we usually define them and don't re-visit them which serves no purpose really. This definitely helps!
We are finally giving our peronal cell phone #'s out!!!! DM us and we'll give you the #'s to our cells...we want your trust!!!!!!!
can't wait to see the video :D I know that its gonna be awesome, you're and amazing dancer :)
Thanks, Amanda for spreading the word about the latest Forbes list that includes #Milwaukee. Good luck with your search!
I'ma tell a nigga to sit down and wait
Has yet to be announced.
la dee da
it's top gun, don't spill your coffee.
S/O to Samba Grill, , , for letting us be great in
Experience simple truce "I know you". Endless possibilities & #power☀
I begged dad to tell me stories, I only have a few, wrote them down. He taught me how to say some Japanese phrases :)
There's gotta be a better way to integrate aperture and filemaker
- Holey Moley! You may be on to something… :) We shall see, indeed… Haha!
#Amazing(x
I'll get an iPad after retiring, it'll be so intimate.
jealous!!! and I want to go!
there is a whole YouTube playlist with this years songs from each country! You MUST see the Social Network Song.
Time to get snuggled. Dream great dreams! xoxo
I hate when I wear nice clothes out to a club and people get cake on my coat you will get thrown into a table don't fuck with my nice cloths
photo manipulation is a complete art..
“: Why have I not seen Faried in this game in the entire 4th quarter?” I was thinking the same damn thing. Ah
That does look cool!
This Common album any good, my family? Or this Jeezy?
Amazing places to visit in real life!
Why can't we all just be friends?
The aim must include plans for the future
People do not like using the Google.
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eye-opener
Nyjer Morgan ignored the sign to stay at third, scores, and Brewers win! Was he safe at the plate? Be honest.
thanks! It's not too shabby
Good just ain't good enough
But regardless of anything that upsets me, I love my life and I won't change it for nothing!! 😜😝
If you are talking on the radio, and I can hear spit bubbles popping in your mouth, I will change the station. Believe it.
Our FAVE Milwaukee parent publication is ! Plz #supportstartups and follow us! THX!
Awww. I'm gonna be calling you up to try to figure out how to make this ham tomorrow! How many hours *should* it take? Lol
Has to Win!!
Tickets to see "Wicked" when it comes to Vegas. The cat got her a card.
You wisely chose to stay away from the Office Supply Cornucopia. Smart move.
"Highlights": The nation’s deteriorating surface #transportation #infrastructure will cost the American #economy more than 870,000
#FF Our amazing merchants
Where did today go? Finally got a late lunch: toasted PB&J with homemade strawberry jam and Solanco's Peanut Butter from
You already know. Hahaha. I got that bug.
I need a hero to save me now. #skilletismylife I know the inside just look into my eyes
Ouch. Feel 4 uRT : you are embarrassed? i live in PHX, imagine the past 1.5 weeks in my house with my roomates
Q: There is a frog driving east and a trombonist walking west. What can be surmised from this?A: The frog's probably on its way to a gig.
is all about money
going to bed, thanks for trying to help , trying a computer tomorrow..
when you thought it couldn't get any worse...
we can party!
Dont you hate it when you're starving and trying to eat but people are trying to have a conversation with you ...
Just confirmed interview tommorrow with my bro
corinaaaaaaaaaa i need your help!
she'll be in my prayers tonight.
True that.. Live, Love & Laugh!
Would u consider driving to Boston at all? You could stop in GA & pick me up! I think a road trip would be great!! ;-)
Almost forgot to start. Going through the M's and some N's turn it on wherever you are
A delicious lunch with author Laura Moriarty for her upcoming novel about young Louise Brooks in Kansas w/ her Chaperone.
ONE MORE BAD BITCH WITH BAD TRACKS RED PINK PURPLE GREEN BLONDE ORANGE, NAPPY LOOKS LIKE A CAT SUCKED ON YO HEAD RUG WEAVE ASS LADY SORRY TW
get them replaced ASAP!!!!!'n
Rip whitney houston beautiful person with a beautiful heart her family laid to rest perfectly 💜
Happy Birthday to our Junior High Director
I bet u want me now baby.
Thanks for the follow Alison!
haha no problem and yea I know you hate that question >.< lol and um have you been to any parties lately :P ?
Enjoyed meeting you today, and you're not the least bit scary! :-)
she died her hair
There are certain people that I just don't believe a word that comes out of their mouth.
I am what I am by the grace of God!!!!
hey could u shout me out and i will do the same thanks
Dressing comfy to school makes it a little more bearable.
The next few weeks entail a decent amount of work
that's all I did before work!
3-0 Caps. It's up to Green Bay to continue National Make Pittsburgh Cry Day.
Hey its #FF #Followfriday have a wonderful #Halloween everyone!
Can't believe tomorrow's friday already o.O
They are amazing men. Their stories and words are epic. This is shaping up to be bigger than anything I've ever been a part of.
#Animation - tweet me ideas that you would want to hear about it free live online lectures... yes I said free
OH : "My brain opens new tabs when I go on a tangent."
one has to 'live life on the edge', 'halfway between heaven and hell', dancing in the middle; 'purgatory'
I'm turnt all the way up rite now
omg u remmember my friend Ug Lee :)
we can sit and talk for hours
All this time I was under the impression WTF meant "well that's fine." It all seems to make more sense now.
trend should maintain until end of the quarter when countries report GDP and growth numbers
RT LOL! RT You got to take a female to yo house to eat leftovers on the first date to show what the r...
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: Join the Traffic Tracker at 7793 Burnett at Anderson 5-7pm
a few timbers and I will be at "the old pad" in Eugene from 6-8 doing a q and a session. Would love for you to join us!
also, when you get back can you check your reserves for tiny crocks that you might have to hand down? I need like size 5-6.
Portland's KATU morning news (Ch.2) would love a shout-out Josh! Will be telling viewers about your concert 2moro!
I think that is correct. There was a tweet earlier that said registration will open mid-May.
The incident is the incident. Leading public voices purposely inciting anger and pushing vigilante justice is unconscionable.
ohh thx , bye and it will be okay :)
I'm pretty sure I did in school. Check?
Frank Sinatra, you put all other love songs to shame.
#Documentary #HorrorFilms #EnvironmentalFilms #ActionFilms Enter your feature or short film in TFFOC! Regular submission deadline today!
lol where u from ?
Miracles are not contrary to nature, but only contrary to what we know about nature. -St. Augustine
I'm young, give me a break.
The people who actually won would never say it on twitter. They would get silent....kind of like......this......
Up and at 'em! Headed to an appearance at a local elementary school for the "Fueling Potential: Racing to Win" program with
The 2012 Children's Gallery of Black History will be held at All Souls Church again for 2 weeks in February. Stay tuned for updates!
Adventure Time >
I do too!
that's because you are so way ahead of the curve ;)
no confusion, love the jersey, just showin love to the
Did you come to Spaghetti Disco?! If so, we hope you had a groovy time!
pull trigger and if you ever need someone to go let me know
thank you so much for your insight!!
Add me on facebook
That's the same news I read, but that's a nice way of saying cancelled. The show is still ending.
My Beatles kick was thrown off course by who got me on
Make it a GREAT 1! RT : In this car ride with and about to go to work
I'll be hitting u up today bruh
Left in a pile of leaves.
ok i'll be visiting the mid of Feb(mardi gras) & don't think i'll be down again until the end of march. but keep me posted
wait...what? are these people fucking serious? morons.
Yasss!RT : I don't miss you, I miss the person I thought you were.
Chiddy's new album is great!
This song is exactly what I want you too know danorush02
yes to Superbowl village! Downtown was crazy last night. I just gotta find my flask now...
Visit Ebuxing.com to see how you can make money online, just like I and other teens are doing it. Easy, fun and lucrative. No cost to you.
What are you thoughts on bookmarking? Do you use them? What is your preference?
Give a buzz when you come (Mandy, ) -- would love to welcome you personally.
I do that all the time. Seriously, whenever I'm like where the hell is my phone, it's in the fridge or something.
Tired of exhibiting self control
not yet sorry, client work - top secret :)
I just bought over 200 dollars worth of stuff in Express..Next stop:) Then a break for some breakfast!!
You never know what's going on in other people's lives.
Just reading an article on LinkedIn about how Atlassian is doing away with the annual review! Lol... yay for that! : )
Old fart!!! RT : They just put Brodeur's birthday up on the jumbotron ... fans enjoy this
I didn't even want an iPad until said they'd be giving them away. I mean, if it's a free toy, it's not a waste, right?
Happy boxing day
yeah, what's up with that? Making me crazy.
"Kenny speaks fluent hoodrat" -chuck
Dont know what that negative energy was, well the positive is coming in now that thats out of my way!
"THINK LIKE A MAN" is my favorite Movie of this year so far. <3
drunk hipsters need somewhere to stay. A boutique hotel = somewhere for the blackfinn crowd to stumble home to
Hi! Wondering if you have some pics of yesterday's launch that we can include on our blog today?
Folklore Haunted House in Dallas, GA is open. Go and have a good time. While you wait, check out the posters!
would you ever do a duet/ collab with a fan?(:
I'm so sore. Agh
come to Larchmont/Hancock Park the kids are out all over here ;)
I looked like a dork doing the Thriller dance, but I had fun. You should try it! Thanks for reading!
u lil justin bieber fucking wanna bee
I'll be on Viaquez. It's off the mainland of Puerto Rico I can't even wait!!
New urkontinent from hearing some good buzz on this one.. tasting it in a few with Chris from
Mine is an aardvark.
Only thing I'm guilty of is not being on stream. :o
The first time I ever sang the National Anthem for a professional sports team was back home in SAC for The KINGS!!!!
Do you like to go on tours or browse on your own at museums? Why?
it's Art Basel weekend, YES! RT : Enough of this "eh" or"bullshit" news i've been getting all day. GOOD NEWS! Someone,anyone, PLEASE!
yes! And today is not over yet :) more attractions in the evening and we have tomorrow to keep on skiing :) how was the class?!
I didn't miss Bon jovi I missed keith urban...im still pissed fin drunks
are u sad now?? *I Love Aaron*
#Styx this weekend & #SXSW in March! Giddy like a school girl. Shazam Batman!!
That's what they say but, having been crapped on many times, I can't say there was an appreciable difference.
I have nothing to do. /:
Big GOOD MORNING to my #LATINAMERICA fans!! Please keep up the support and help me take over #2012 let's
I'm taking a bit of a break. We all race against our circumstances more than anything (Thanks for the insight)
Can we put an end to the whole "the book is better than the movie" thing? Because that's never been true.
I am so so sorry. Hope you feel better soon !
Im just sitting in class bored wishing would follow me but he wont:(
Thought Madonna was going to break into "Hey Mickey."
Jackson is called....eek
you got me at acidity with sweeter!
Don't be sorry, best friend. I've been alright. Things are slowly but surely getting better, thanks for asking. <33
My first day back is August 1...students on the 8th.
I'm not the only one who is astounded that Brook Lopez has ZERO double-doubles this year, right?
Hanging out at the very cool #coworking space. Seems like a great place to do tech in Wilmington!
I'm on a ride...or well drive for 6 hours back from sisters wedding in PA.Ride Monday night?
I'm loving it!!
Hopefully when I wake up I think of someone else.
have heard Tiny Dancer twice today....great Tuesday!!!
Investment in infrastructure is crucial in order to meet the challenges of a rapidly increasing urbanization. (Zoubida Allaoua)
Was at Barnes & Nobel in Tucson today. Couldn't resist giving lots of unsolicited book advise to fellow shoppers - LOL!!
I would LOVE to just cuddle up & sleep right now💙👫💑
Happy to do it Crossn81! Very helpful.
Toxic clouds of gas that randomly strike small towns near gas production. Kind of worrisome.
My background is a picture of some students from my elementary school. I will always love that place...
I hate when this game fuckin lags!
how's DC
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 25
We love having you here at the Mission!
are you going to remix journey tomorrow night?
Loving #ComPAXTOR, good luck and godspeed these next two weeks!
Grrr. That *shouldn't* be a problem but ya never know. Good luck!!
ikr... i missed BGC too... it sucks
Catch & the Underdawgs TONIGHT at w/ Dirty Dozen, Doors at 9p shows at 10p,
Dnt be tryna play me. Females love to talk abt hw another dude dawged them out, bt get a good one and keep him on the out in the dog house.
one of my all time favorite movies!
We're not just a film company, we're a school... company.
I'm not looking forward to tmrw. I'm so gonna dread it.
About to watch Safe House! So excited!
you got too much treble, no bass haha
Making $ is easy. Press shift+4.
: Jake you know there is no better date than me!
hey, if you are going to/following any of the warped tour dates in the NY/CT/NJ/MD area, please let me know! I need your help :)
that was post misfits correct?
agreed. her hair is crazy cute. RT Michelle Williams--top 3 so far.
you don't copyright names Sags.
crap! when is that again?
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Tennessee Basketball or Football Sucks.
This wind flipped my house over. :(
Pulp to the point of it being a smashed orange! :D
It's hope class.. Chill the fuck out
see, we all agree that it shall be done(:
RT : Shopping at is another great way to support Habitat for Humanity!
-10 points for using the word rockstar (but... nudge )
no text backer! lmao
Thanks for spreading the coolness!
check out michelle's BOARDWALK EMPIRE afterbuzztv episode /afterbuzztv
Let's go Braves!
Miami Please step up tonight
What a small world!
I just deleted half my pictures :(
Transport needed Springfield MO to StL or Columbia MO Sunday. 2 dogs from NM to Chicago - 1 leg fell thru. Were on PTS list going to foster.
There is parking available on Jennifer St and the surrounding blocks. Dinner will not be affected. Thanks!
Awesome! Just found out who's playing at the Partner Appreciation Party
So on the news today it said that selena gomez was jealous b/c all of Justin Biebers fans were wearing his perfume..and i was like ":O " lol
Bernie Brewer WOULD go to the Sett when I'm not there.
New alert just released!
As an entrepreneur I've made a decision!
Nah, I wont judge you. I appreciate your honesty. #dork ;)
Good morning sunshine, have a great trip!
I feel like am up high yet underneath the clouds..I don't know am just high
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!! SHE OPENED FOR CODY NOV 19TH 2011 AND AMAZING AT SINGING!!
Why can't I just accept the truth. ?
Three all ins...AK vs QJ vs KJ...J Q on flop...LMAO...this is awesome! One day I will run good, one day!
ate pettitoes between meals with older bro at night. it has much greasy fat ... ,and so creepy that i feel barbaric
U.S. taxpayer will be on the hook for more than $4 billion in weapons for Israel this budget cycle, while US domestic programs are cut
do you know what's underneath?
“Love is louder then the pressure to be perfect.”
Was LeBron just wearing a hat that said "MVP"? Gimme a break.
ebook only $1 mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold
Phil food flash is previewing the Spring menu w/ a special 5-course menu at the chef's counter 4/23-26. Best seats.
specks of paint all over my body and in my hair. doing some real labor
hope this prom be live next friday!
Sounds reasonable. I shall try this when out running. RT ": RED OWL looks both ways before crossing. #RedOwlSpeaks"
Thanks for the love! Hope you had a great weekend too!
Thx for RTs about Dell Reconnect initiatives!
Oh, I don't know that book, but you KIND OF made me want to read it. I'm an emotional reader, too.
Everbody gone to sleep on me. :-( my bf went home to early
hell yeah
Coaches fighting over Juliet Simms!!
hello jasmine can you follow me plese oh i love you petty
RT : The continues it's love-fest w/Nathan Fletcher; have yet to mention 2 GOP candidates are gay
- Hey webbmedia! Would love to introduce you to the Fliqz video platform. Hosting, streaming, analytics...
Yes I. Give thanks.
yup that wasn't mwp that was Ron Ron
Nah, you'd have been fine in a 19th C. Facebook-inclusive context - as a lady, no one would've taught you to read!
Creativity is a renewable resource. You never run out of it. There's no end to it.
MT : Frmr Press reporter RT : Follow for live updates from Occupy Oakland. Shit is exploding
Admittedly, you did only say "crazy", which we both know is true. tubed the whole city. lol. still a funny prick.
Y'all tweaking some of them decent. Them first ones was ugly af doe
well they say hindsight is 20/20 can change the past only make a better tomorrow
Let's do 100% of our work communication via Twitter mentions from here on out. We'll be a hit!
I need to throw up. Can I do it on your face?
will do survivor brother
~this weekend was a success. i'm not gonna want to fuck with school in the morning. :P
Astros beat Cardinals 8-2, within one game of .500. They go for their second straight sweep tomorrow at 1 CT. #RootRootRoot via
On the phone til 5am,yeah moments like that ...
RT Starting now, House Budget hearing on reconciliation & replacing sequester. Bill cuts billions for kids.
watching a brothers with my mama!<33
Do you guys still have a helicopter? I would love to see what this event looks like from the air! :)
Gym, check. Beer, check. Hot tub, yep
I never took my snow brushes out of my back seat. Didn't honestly think I'd actually have to use them though.
Good Luck , Go Cats!!! #beat cards
sorry but we are going to have so much fun!
The clock
sorry I didn't showed up. We got guest.
"california uber alles" is sung from perspective of jerry brown, former CA gov. if he wins today's primary we may see the return of moonbeam
I got to get use to these new glasses
Wine & Dine
Good Morning!
your website is pissing me off. you are lucky you are funny and cute.
ricardo you should start carrying ur money around. Lol
you mean a lot to me too <3 forever bro! ^.^
GG Allin made Sid Vicious look like Richard Simmons.
Love it!
Oh, Justin. If you tweeted me back, and followed me, omg I would cry. And do anything to see you in person
live in you learn
And just think- just two more years and we go through the Texas science standards process again.
well thank god for polyamory and death then, huh
You're right as usual. =) Thank you for being so kind.
both analogies have some validity. The question for me is how you can engineer an optimal team.
I'm already pissed
so pumped about this tune! Glad u like it!
Twitter? RT : Shoot! I never have good ideas of what to give up for lent... anyone have any good ones?
: Honoring the Promise Gala at the features &
RNG TIME. YES.
so funny! Haha!!
Well you guys would be just perfect:) ha
S/O to Tinley Park Students who going to PROM tonight! Be safe and have a wonderful time tonight!
I love in song #Boyfriend when he says Swaggy.!! <3
ok, but the offer is open if you would like to have a real conversation.
Need two female promo girls in Philly tomorrow! 8am-3pm downtown. Please email your contact # ASAP!
I will never find another one like you! I have come to discover this fact!
oh my! Go Nugs
Hi Kim. Did your account get hacked? Looks like nothing but advertisement all year
my brother erased all of the marker board that took me forever to write. i just wanna hit him in the face. with a chair.
Story Idea: Compare/Contrast Industrial era vs Globazation era parents, students, community. Stop SCAPEGOATING teachers.
I'm good
i get soo weak in the knee
I will be expecting some updates!
A good man is hard to find. A hard man is _______
Super moon tonight is awesome!
Yep, all is well here. You? There?
Little Bro,I'll be there at Keenland when your horses hopefully win. Regardless, Malone's after the big day with the fathers.
I crave social attention too much haha
I know its February but I've been spoiled by the mild winter so far ... not exactly liking this REALLY cold day!
Need game system repaired? Shoot, need a game system?! That's ANY system?? Visit #GAMEJUNKIE in Glenside, PA. 111 S. Easton RD. 19038.
Lithia did that..... DC go home!!!!!! Our house nigggaaa!!!!
what is the coupon code to use? I tried FBT4K but it's not workin for me...
American here from the NE, live now in Bahia mostly, but right now in Montana, family stuff - Where in NL? Where from in the NW?
GSC party does start at 8. Stand corrected.
Read a lot today. must study for stupid Spanish language test on Friday. The test is stupid not the language.
Still going. My current distance is 1.87 miles. Current song is Shoot To Thrill - AC/DC
Lord be by my side today as I figure out what to do. Gotta live a healthy life and bid the sadness adieu.
Have you been to the #OGStudio recently for a class, conversation, or event? Tell us about it!
A total boycott of fuel on April 15th isn't realistic. Boycotting Esso/Petro Canada for 90 days would be more effective at lowering prices!
We have The Arkells, Tyler Hilton, and Bill Chott interviews up this week! Including a Tyler Hilton performance.
how r u my love,I wanna get to know you
A.Lee
Everyone focused on the worst part of that bill but it also made sodomy illegal defined as an unnatural carnal act. That's stupid
I got you. Just want to be sure what you cearly meant.
#DailyQuote: "Ever consider what pets must think of us?" - Anne Tyler
Yeah, they're a lot of fun! Plus you can get all kinds of fun colors!
Especially unhappy with Titanic steward saying, "As if," Clueless-style. Whatever!
2 years ago - I sliced my finger chopping for dinner - 10 stitches
Did you know, thanks to an obscure Washington, D.C. holiday, taxpayers have until April 18th of this year to file their federal returns.
it would mean the world to me if you tweeted me or followed me back..
We all answer to people, David :) I'm investigating what the pros and cons are, we'll have a response soon. Thx.
So suck of this rain. Its january I want snow.
Bro I have no idea idk how they lost a lead that big
His high school and mine were rivals at the state basketball tourney. Followed him from then on.
finding that -webkit-box-reflect doesn't render within -webkit-animation
I went for years not finishing anything. Because, of course, when you finish something you can be judged...
Reverse subsidy on cards to boost local manufacture of electronic goods - Hindu Business Line
Hooray Homestar Runner!
#Rockies 26th in ERA and SO, 27th in Quality Starts in #MLB. Oh and last in Opponents Batting Average at .288. Glad change is coming!
Chris Paul
shut upp! Cause I knew what youu meant from tha beginning..
That suckks, ! ill tell you if the ICONic Boyz are on
Clippers just made magic happen
I hate my stupid ugly hair
Sweet i love waking up to find out that my money got stolen last night out of my purse
I can't make a tweet about you because you have a twitter and follow me.....
Why Thank You Sir!
yeah. Me.
Happy trails to two cleanup hitters (and Fordham Rams) Miss ya both.
Coming soon; Touchbone Pictures Presents, the Rise and Fall of the DC Mayor; Chancellor, Police/Fire Chiefs & Attorney General. A comedy!
I'm glad you liked #suprasensorial as much as I do. Stick around in the evening for #song1. Mesmerizing
I mean, Glenn doesn't get off work till 12 so that's why she wanted to do it at 1:30 and I can't get on a computer...
PS, thanks for motivating me to use twitter again. First time in ages.
#People need to believe that an individual has the power to make a #positive impact on the collective.
On my way! To the movie to see the Avengers I'll let u guys know if it worth see
that's nice they do that
I love !! You should to!!
hahahaha, v festival tickets ordered!
Tomorrow we announce the applicants who will be invited for a live audition with at Radiant Studios! Good luck to ALL who entered
Just rocked the shit out of lexington. Chicago is next.
First time Minute Madness for me at #JCDL2011 One minute speaking with or without slides?
I hope you're joking! :/ You are super talented!!
So need a vaca! Can I go on one of your 50 handpicked vacations?
RT : Is there the possibility of working remotely or is this an in-house position? (if so, which house?)
Thanks Roe I appreciate it !
RT that last tweet!
Excited to have the join us for the New England Regional Meet!
I still don't get it, I hear 90s rap I think Tupac, biggy, snoop, Dre, west side connection,...Whats wrong with that?
I live by the expressway...I'm on the move...can't do these red lights.
I thought I was the only one!
lol i never paid her all the money lol
glad that you like it! I hoped that you would! See you tomorrow, Princess!
Only 24 minutes until its 3am!
that's one expensive turkey sammich
uhh , it's like 500 more than me ! and omgomgomgomgomg when are you coming ?!
Over it. Dont expect anything from me cuz i'm done putting up with bullshit fuck you. tired of fake ass people man
Easter Brunch.
why bro? :o
Thanks for the RTs. U guys r the best.
On my way to go Volunteer at Pet Orphans :)
Go Little Ricky!
He spoke well who said that graves are the footprints of angels.
Done & done. It has been purchased!! Thank you.
Try some Smoky Garlic Goodness sauce!
I don't like to think. Thinking makes me sad.
I loved that series #boardwalkempire #emmys.. did it win? are they going to make more?
Got the #tuneinradio app. So ready for the return of
bro ur the bomb...could use some of that motown lovin down here in cape coral florida!!!
Miss Lea Hello! I go by the name lea. fifteen, a stranger in this big ...
And the #sjsharks were asleep all snug in their beds. Visions of golf clubs dancing in their heads
Mekka was pretty good n.n everytime with the best always ends up amazing cx! shower n sleep (y)
I refuse to believe the MiM0SA I saw at E.Zoo 2011 is the same guy that released Sanctuary. His album is so much better than his live show
"The Greatest Sex"
i really think i might knock a bitch out
FSU can't even win the ACC; forget about Big12. ACC will expand: Hello Notre Dame (the White Whale).
"Blood of Angels" is now available on Nook and Kindle.
snort everything.
Please let that tiny Eurasian out from under your piano bench & come to Show this Friday! M Bar Hollywood!
Get your rally caps on #badgers. '12 F Sheldon Jeter () announces college choice at 8 pm tonight.
Overtime again!?!?! The #Hawks should do their best to keep track of #Boedker if they want to fight another day.
“: Maryland And You ??” -- from cali live in Miami
There's 28 people in line for your job
-i wonder why i havent heard or seen &ndd we go to the same damn skool
Thanks much, we appreciate it fully!
when do you leave :'(
chapter title?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery will have to give Howard I believe
O how i loove you.(:
#hoedown next Friday night! Country music starting at 9pm $5 double whiskey's
Fried flounder in onions & black pepper sauce musing on Zeppelin's Lemon Song take on Howin' Wolf 's The Killing Floor. Check it out, Steve!
hahaha, never watched that show
LiveLifeReckless.com .. Coming soon
1 like = 50 more views and a potential volunteer
pretty sure that the CVS next to my building is the worst one ever.
Ya Holding up traffic green means go!!
Good times last night opening up for Ray Wylie Hubbard at Gruene Hall!
But, I'm not to worried about it. If she wants to leave, let her go. We didn't speak anyway.
Lower Manhattan’s newest RENTAL building at 254 Front Street could see its first residents move in by April 15!
Tweet tweet mofukas
Are you sure that having "soup" in your hashtag is wise when talking about abortions?
So do I, but then that means I'll have to go to school..that means less time to fangirl about Austin & Alex. LOL but thankss.♥
dang, how's he doing, better?
Getting those jealous feelings and I don't even need to 😏
I'm no Sophocles, but I would have edited out "something useful." RT : "Always desire to learn something useful." - Sophocles
Getting my daily Funk with Wayman Tisdale and George Clinton " This fonk is 4u" The Fonk Record
then how u expect Me to calk to ur school
we need some more followers!!!!!
Not sure why Lincecum is on the 1st base side of the rubber when everything is running inside the rhb box.
Looks like winter finally arrived....
Oh snap! I def would have been down. Too late?
Of course! BUT Only if you Follow me and Call me ;D I'm one heck of a Basketball player ;)
Ok Yo, we get it. You wanna warm the bench.
Tonight, I am an old lady! he thought as he dropped an ice cube into a glass of $4 white wine
Thanks for all the support. New years show coming soon. Contact us for tickets with LA Guns. $10 presale. Hope everyone had a great...
that's not very nice :)
Thank you!
RT “: . has shown leadership, taken a courageous stand & we should be proud to call him our President.”
What I need right now is #bacon -
Be even more humble
Many dirt balls at the Plymouth Meeting Mall 2nite. Cursing, spitting &general hood rat behavior. Thought I was in the burbs
in his head or his beard's head? SO CONFUSED :O haha
“ “ I don't know why I'm so afraid to lose you when you're not even mine.””
I have double free…all good…I'll come at 10. Is still in town?
In critiquing China, Westerners ought to understand 1) China's modern history; 2) Their own perspectives of privilege; (more)
At the Maryland Leadership Breakfast talking about the future of the economy and all the changes over the years
thank you for the shoutout
Does The Mitt have a "Mitt" for Mitt to eat?
True. It's probably best if I do the tweeting for both of us
Working on my summer soup lineup - what r your favorite soups to eat during the humid summer time?
Oh I didn't know they sold food in the bathroom
RT if you're celebrating Mother's Day today!!
Facebook Chat Symbols Meaning
I smile like an idiot and he dont ever understand why haha
Time to take some drugs and go to sleep. This day can kiss my ass.
I think I'll grow a goatee so that I can get more accurate Six Flags caricature drawings of myself. Also, start lifting barbells.
Don't you be holding back your love :)
just left you a voicemail and would love to chat!
favorites from the #oscarnominations : best supporting for melissa mccarthy!! & pina for documentary feature. i have got to see the artist.
m. just passed New Orleans on the Avenue.. add to food bucket list?
Can anyone help me with my Twitter account? Tweetdeck keeps telling me "Twiiter authentication failed?" Thanks friends I miss tweeting w/U!
what! That's less then the hot dog vendors make!
yes ma'am!
Good luck to all our Boston alums out there running the today. Stay cool!!
Overdue thank you's for #FF to
What color?
I'm the Michael Jordan of tying shoes.
Okc is just swaggin on us right now. That's cool
Frontier Deck Builders, Inc. Suggests Shading Options for Outdoor Living Spaces
Our "Save $300 Special" ends this Thursday, March 29th, 2012! Hurry and reserve YOUR seat before it is too late!
we seeing you later for birthday bbq?
I haven't even opened any yet. Stupid family didn't get up until 10:30 :P
SI is about to release a report outlining heavy drug use by UCLA basketball. Do they realize that this will help recruiting?! Go Bruins!
just finished another round of insanity! it was DEATH
I feel like shit.today was beyond bittersweet every good thing turned into a horrible living nightmare.
TY For the RT! XO J
