"Rules without relationship leads to rebellion."
Email inbox is blowing up w and notices. A new wave of the internet is upon us.
Can hardly wait! It's gonna be H-O-T like the savanna.
My #fridayreads is once again THE CHEMISTRY OF TEARS by Peter Carey. Trying to finish--a lovely but challenging book.
stop lieing u look thick
I thought about trying it out, but it might be a conflict of interest with my current job.
You think? RT : No way. Been MUCH worse! Willie Wonka? : "Dark Shadows" = worst Tim Burton movie I've seen.
I think babe is texting me, but my phone is in the corner charging xD
LOL...trying to be the bigger person here.
I once triple checked for a car behind me when leaving, knew there was. Ended up reversing and tearing the front bumper off.
yes I know. Hunger games was 2hrs20 mins. It's just that a teenager's attention span doesn't usually lost that long haha
I had a pair once. slipped in kroger, threw them down the aisle and left the store. never used them again.
Where the hell are we?? Bye
I'm gonna go ahead + watch tonite's *but* I'm still reeling from last week's episode pimp culture near
Wonder if they have chocolate covered facon. Of course the chocolate wouldn't be vegan. :(
Is pirates of the carribean just on continuous play on abc family?
haha no I was just kidding lmao
are kissups ..it is VERY annoying....
Does she?
like a champ
#np Daphne loves derby - You versus the sea.
thanks! Love you too!
My head hurts.
It's hotter than THE SUN
Aw I'm sorry to hear JoJo :'(
fancy coming to give me a hug? as im leaving today and its going to be an emotional day:'( #bemypromdate :) <3
fun times at retreat tonight!
Hoping that maybe she will like the nice guy for once
Last season... No new ones yet. RT : New or old UsDs? RT : In #sandiego is replaying both #sherlock and...
R brad pitt and angelina jolie married?!?!??
oh okay! lol
Posted in VIP at Club Antro
#orioles can hit, just can't hit power arms. Against Feliz, CC, Verlander, Price... Just no chance.
We've switched back to at least in the meantime
Wow. I'm tired. And delirious. And possibly about to land flat on my face. Which after all.. is the problem with falling.
I find it impossible. But you... well, you know. Sigh.
The lady just said "richmond is always 2 years behind on fashion." is this true? i am pretty much tee shirt/jeans guy
I hope you're ready I'm bringing all my roommates and you girls will have to actually drink this weekend
At my first session. Ready to hear about the future of media!
So exciting that is here at for our annual arts festival! Our students are lucky to be creating their own plays.
brainstorming names for a new product.....time to pull out the thesauras
Memorizing lines while doing cardio is one of my favorite things.
How is this a year old and I didn't see it?!
great meeting last Thursday.Our club is growing literally thanx to all the leadership, members and guest who make it possible.,
Gym would be AWESOME. Massages aren't bad either :) MaralynB
Everytime I try to swype "I'll" and "k" comes up I fear people will see it and think im
Important to raise & advocate feminist issues in LIS profession make it VISIBLE in other ways
Quel Desastre! Feel sorry for any entrepreneurs who choose to stay in Gaulle
So good to see you made it to #RDChat!!!
I had to break the habit of picking up phone @ light when I was unaware of sirens from behind until it was close
Me either. I don't like the ultra-personalization. I think it's a huge step back from what the web's supposed to be.
someone I know is going to be in a ducking movie.I feel cool just for knowing her. Now I'm seriously gonna try harder though. :)
Yes. Should force him to watch Star Wars: the new hope (i.e. the good one). Not "clone wars". Ugggggg. Or, force a fun, classic pic.
One follower more!!! :D
Since Lori M. never claimed her free night - Theresa Varrelli it's yours! We love follower feedback so thank you! We'll message you.
First refreshing District. Defined? rehearsal tonight went great!
CAN YOU FOLLOW AND LET HIM KNOW SENT YOU PLEASE <3 and you get a shout out
Legally require couples to take financial planning, parenting, and communication courses before they even apply for a marriage license.
got cha bluffs ass
it's so good! Haha the pizza's huge tho
guess i should go to bed it's almost 11 :/
Just had coffee with my physician, , in his lobby. Does your #doctor let you do that?
#ItsCrazyHow u say u care but u still go out n do dum thing
yeah, none of those fatal flaws will show their ugly heads again when the gov is running healthcare. Puhleeez
No more green shoes they have NO traction
Got all our scratches done tonight with and Great success!
You would totally kick ass on Where in the World is Carmen San Diego!
Reasons why im weird- I told my teacher I wasn't sleeping, I was praying
Q4: Yell real loud and spook my cubical neighbors. Then upgrade mom, so I can stop remote supporting vista. :)
Many thanks to my lovely accountant and wife, Jane-Ellis Griggs, who submitted our taxes yesterday.
I need to shave. -__-
Bah humbug! My life is so boring without D: Missing him already...
My email box shows a RSS feed w/2 titles: Blog your book and Don't blog your book. Will we ever be on the same page?
Interstates show March 11th w/ Menomena at Headliners.
Business conferences are important, because they demonstrate how many people a company can operate without.
my phone doesnt wanna turn on :(
In the city doing what I do best,ACTING!!! I dance pretty good too lol
lol it's a street,but that e to the last stop is where we would pick you up from.
Emotions can move us frm left to right if we let them, they're not stable, always changing hence 'motion.' How many directions r u going?
that's tha sad part about it
It amazes me that people don't see what they have untill its gone.... She's gonna regret loosing him & the 1 shes goin back 2 hasn't changed
Tickets are now for sale on the UConn Alumni Association website for #UConnBasketball v. #Providence. Current students welcome.
Getting ready for TIE Conference in Colorado... ;)
who be? The secret identity is exhilarating!
The Econo Lodge down the street may have $500 a night rooms by the time Friday comes around.
Dark Baby Rave
In traffic and loving it, thx
Is your day off to a good start? It is a beautiful morning!
I want to move to either Maryland, Virginia, or N.C.
The boys are Mother's Day shopping...
Working at a public library has taught me that all children scream at all times.
yes, in LA! just seeing if I can do something remotely to help. :-)
have a great Friday also !
At our Community Employment Center,our dedicated staff has placed 600 Essex Cty residents into jobs.Empowering Communities...Changing Lives.
Thanks to everyone who helped propagate the Cider Revolution over Passover! Great success. Freedom tastes good!
Matt Flynn started in 2 games not 1. 2010 vs. New England, 2011 vs. Detroit.
feel better
Harry & Izzys sounds wonderful rite about now !!!!
yeah, we are spending the day in the city tomorrow and meeting some people. so it's fun.
"The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination." - by Tommy Lasorda
Love Gucci and Prada!!! check this out girls, pure fashion and sexysity....
I wish I'd been born a Muppet.
just thought I'd let you know that my sister is singing swag It out in the bathtub ;)
Just saw the dark shadows trailer or a McDonalds commercial. Not sure.
Huzzah! Great news...MT : has filed cloture on the China currency bill, per
about to go to sleep
we hope so as well :)
"The Science of Wine" on feat. , on SF Bay Area's KQED-FM (88.5) in just 15 min!
an enchanter trapped in its own being...
I don't believe in wasted time
...may be a lil late for an answer but Jessie J...duet with Chris Brown..wud shake things up on many levels
ppl on my tl katie rachael jenny & paola & they're tweeting each other then theres rosa and her stardoll Harry LOL
kudos #OctFC in the house RT : big launch party,performance in 90 mins. It Going to be a sexy NYC
Cut,Deep Conditioning Treatment, and Brow Shaping-$70. And get 20% off a service when you get the special for your mom.
oh and DM me for a special sorry gift. apologies again.
suck. I'm sorry.
nice! Lmk when you strike out, I'd love to see you :-)
Whoa. Carl's jr. commercials
sadly, I'm booked that night! Raise lots of money!
baron davis
gn errybody both my babies graduations r 2mor momma gotta get her beauty sleep right after my glass of wine :) stay blessed
nice dj drops and advertisement tho I was cool with the older songs but I didn't expect to see treason tracks..
I'm sure somewhere people pay good money for water that's had flowers soaking in it.
New videos are up, check them out and like or dislike them it counts !!!!!!
It is rare to discover a business partner who is selfless. If you are fortunate it happens once in a lifetime.
#nuwebinar Busta Rhymes. Jefferson Airplane. I'm enjoying this webinar, obviously.
amazing song accompanied by the video :) I love it :) , i love you :)
Would he still be ignoring child rape?
Still undefeated... Go O's!
Watchn whitney houstons funeral on tv
Praying I get this job!! Perfect hours, perfect location, and COFFEE.
I'd go Jones over woodhead given the choice, Pats have 2 many weapons to make him a big point getter
the claw isn't lowering!?!
Let's go IU
Haven't heard of us or don't know where we are located? We are on 164th in Vancouver right behind Walgreens just before Big Al"s
Scottsdale! I miss it sometimes! The blondes, the tans, the implants...The dream.
Why are these folks at Wall Street acting surprised about the police reaction? The police act like this all this time.
"Mizzou silences KU fan's terrible golf joke by winning the National Championship on their way to the SEC."
"And now I won't vacuum my house alone" - Emma Hill
RT : Congrats to Japan
LaPlante recorded his 10th save of the game. Denver still trails 7-6 with 11:30 to go in the third. .
#np asap rocky - goldie
OK...enough of Luke Russert...switched to a guilty pleasure...Dateline on ID:-)
Mommy!! Where are you at with those vocal lessons!?
We'll be only making 150 Manhattans at the #bmorebookfest this Friday - first come first serve - get there to secure yours.
Thanks & ! I'll have to talk with my agent, aka , about future opportunities ; )
Dontarius Poe and Roger Goodell Just had them a little eskimo kiss. Haha.
it's so late over there go to bed!
Measures of success for museums: blurred line between visitors & staff, visitors leave wanting to work there
Thanks for sharing Gwydion's video, Gohar! Glad you enjoyed it. Keep the music coming!!
": it's ok. You're not in the NL East so we can still be friends." Cool-till the playoffs (which we wont be in)
I just did a search on Google - there are hundreds!
God Morning! starting my new classes today.. out of my 1st waiting for next to start, then 1 more afterwards
Wow! You're actually on here!
Brought #proud let's save lives people Happy birthday marvin :D can't wait to see you tomorrow Aston :')
complex keeper league... gave us Britt, Delone Carter and Joe Addai plus my 2012 4th round pick.
follow back?
I love you and so much. You guys rock.:)
Patriot fans, celebrate your Super Bowl victory tonight at your local Kenyan sports shop!
Wow 21 days till Christmas!
LMFAO...": Kobe was too busy downloading doodle jump when Steve Blake took that last shot."
Fuck It I don't want to Go to Court, But damn, I spent 1500 on a Lawyer though, Fuck it Im on the Run for the Money....
we are recording the #workstyle webinar for later playback - thanks!
omg same here :/
maybe he (or she<--Not judging...) has westsideaphobia.
I'll be back!! Hello obviously you need me lol miss you
Every cloud silver-lined cause You're with me... :)
I have an exo-skeleton of dried paint
RT: Remember to put Castle reference in some of ur tweets so people searching will see what it's all about #TellHimYouLoveHIm< I do
You don't get in life what you deserve, you get in life what you make of it
always.. can't wait for #Jimmyv'sSpeech #ESPY's
An ongoing creative alliance among , and Georgetown (Goldman+Power) is brilliant counter-programming.
“:Besides pride, loyalty, discipline,heart,and mind,confidence is the key to all the locks.Joe Paterno"joe forgot about honesty!
Need more followers!! Get #flowdaily out there people!
congrats! And don't you love Fall weddings?
Throwing out $9 worth of tilapia is enough to break my heart.
This is so fucking stupid ! Uh fml
yeah. It's pissing me off
One way to promote your business is to get involved with public speaking, specifically on a topic that reflects your image positively.
RT : Got chills watching #OneShiningMoment. Thankful to have one more year of this amazing experience.
Just moments, one after the other, instead of living so many years ahead of each day
I think she made a smart move bringing him along! LOL! Shes good too :)
A month to consider our mental health: Thankfully, there are many community and natural resources that can help people find support a...
I'm officially taking that as a compliment!
going to bed in a bit early school wake up :( should i have a red bull or so for when i wake up
Great first period by USA. Lead the Finns 1-0 and start the 2nd period with leftover PP time.
why u say that
I'm up this afternoon at the HOW Interactive Design Conference, talking about Type on the Web: do's, don'ts and maybes. Over 600...
lavender moon cupcakery :)
Yeah man...thanks for the following
Vernon--"is there a usable past?"
The second demo of #hapihack called Energy Dashboard used our api...it's a mashup of a whole lot of energy data!
dude irritates the shit out if me....
what's the NTN mean?
i do as i please
Davis sq smells like red bones right now! I'm so hungry!!!!
Yayy my dress is ready!!
Hill is on da bench biting his nails off lol
I smile, listen, & agree. Then go on and do whatever the fuck I wanted to anyways. Don't tell me a thing
Recording drums coupled with a midnight showing of twilight
U/D Calvert - Air monitoring on all floors show no levels above 2nd fl. Some units going in service.
Feel sick .
It's sad when the people who gave you the best memories, become a memory
Really wanna hang with and ASAP!
Has anyone in the book club received Cheryl Strayed's book yet?
On our way to the Franchise & Business Opportunity Expo in Charlotte, NC this weekend..29th &30th. For free admission send me a message!
Love that Jordan stood up for herself & Jeff and her points were totally valid. Kalia just killed her game!!
Happy Birthday may all yur wishes come true, hope yuh have a good day love nd miss yuh lots <3 :D
What's up Bro??????? You don't like the tribe?
thanks for following! We are launching our private beta tonight. Your logins are on the way!
I assume that Josh Hamilton is having a great game simply based on the # of times has mentioned him in the last hour.
I wonder what those old comedians who made livings cracking wise about airline food are doing now that there's no such thing.
1st or last. hate the 2nd one
dude if these are lyrics then they are SICK!!!
Heading back to Cali!!!! Next week... San Diego!
Dialogue and empathy brings change - what a concept - great discussion
I donnnttt feel like moving at all /:
what does it mean?!
#onlyskinnyppl sniff markers to get high
Let me amend - Shutterfly 'may' buy #Kodak Gallery. Depends on bidding process. But sale of KG to be this spring, regardless of buyer.
"A genius is one who shoots at something no one else can see - and hits it." ~ Author Unknown... Ready... Aim... Fiyaaaaah!!! ;)
Nice hairnet pam,it really shows off your forehead
TY! RT It is fabulous. MT Hard to pick just 1 Amy Einhorn novel They are all so good, but I adore REMEDIES
For the 2nd year in a row, two schools in the Northern Lakes Conference will coop next season in boys basketball ... Laona and Wabeno.
Im Not a friendly mf -- dont EVER assume that ...or you WILL Get cho feelings hurt "REAL QUICK"
If the supremes bounce health care, Cheney should have to give his heart back.
We are over on Bainbridge and have Mother's Day dinner w/ family.
I'd still smash
Or... once again, finding new ways to cannibalize the fabric of culture
I mean "all that's wrong with society" ? It's all your fault Joey.
14-year-old subjectivities in an age of mass distraction and ennui; *sigh*borgs
Had a great burger at
Hell Yes When And You Got That Link ?
can I possibly get a birthday shoutout from you?
Thanks for the retweets!
Online search engine Advertising and marketing -The Complete ...
Never did I mention that it wasn't my intention.
Its Aite I meant to change that today.
I fuckin hate when my battey die
“: well in that case as I always say #getmoney she gotta understand... Ain't no way around it!”AMEN SIS❕
#Salute RT : The Def Jam flag is at half mast today...
"If you don't have any facts, we'll just use my opinion" - Jack Dorsey Great quote!
hey who won the last #findfriday contest?
I wish I got paid to sleep in.
Even with a warning from I was surprised by the speed and ease of the Berlin public transit.
Ah Iced Chai Latte how I have missed you!
Name three things you would want if you were stranded on an island. Go!
“: Let me put this blind fold on you just relax and enjoy what I'm about to do to your body!” :0
Want to follow all of your group. Do you have a list posted anywhere with all of your twitter names?
lol! I'm the same way :)
I would but I have a hitting lesson
Got some spark
or just dumber ;)
I love yo Sexy Follow me please
cause you work in new york
Gah, my skulls are on back order. >:(
When you're on the outside baby and you can't get in, I will show you, you're so much better than you know.
Getting in to a fitness routine to tone my body up...hope it works!
donna. dont give me this right now. im double parked and i got the food.
1989 called. It wants its halftime show back.
Alyssa Mehnert's recital starts at 2pm in Auer hall! Come out and support her!
Rappers with egos? Id rather be a regular dude with dope rhymes. That ego trip IS really funny to watch, though.
I really want to be in bed right now
haha I don't remember that part
Hey following ya! RT : #followme I rap for
Attention Westlake Seniors 2011! Vote on facebook if you would like to have our single "Time Is Of The Essence" as our senior song!!!
York FTS. Good racks. Not the best but pretty good. Adjustable top and bottom. About $350 + shipping. $420 or so total.
Dainty pastels and fragile laces are making us eager for summer
Oh, Craigslist... You're such an asshole.
At 12.30pm EST do a Twitter search on #digped. As the conversation unfolds, you will see it update.
My pleasure!
Brahman... is the absolute state of perfection beyond which there exists nothing.
thank you for the shout outs! Much appreciated!
what did u we used to say from that movie?
What doesn't = success? For me, finishing the book, but not meeting my creative goals for it. Falling short of my intent.
A flat whisk is best when combining flour and fat...I need to update my kitchen tools!
Awesome! Looking forward to it. MT Look for me on #thewarroom with Jennifer Granholm tonight at 6pm PDT/9pm EDT.
Nothing happens without first a hunger and thirst for more of God!
You done good. Thank you very much! Much love to ya Gramma Kaye!! xoxox
ist me or black friday is now black thursday!!!
thanks :) I thought about it twice but decided not to bc of my bestfriend.
What's the hobby?
not for.. but with <3
i hate when ppl ask why i dont have a boyfriend... cuz i dont want 1
Zombies in space!!!!! :D
uhh, we just went over the homework. All we have for hw is to do notes for our test on Tuesday for slopes & all & to turn in any
I dont like arguing I rather walk away.
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings,
Haha, I think it would scare me a lot, walking into a room and there is a 'person' there!
while out for an 11 mile training run for I got an unmistakeable whiff of the chronic from a passing SUV on Penn Avenue
I might go to hell cause I'm down with Esham
Evelyn u need to pay ur asst more money cuz she look a fuckin mess
ok:] can't wait to see ur vid! xo♥
LOL OH BOY
good luck with the game man i hope yall win
NEW Spring Hours starting this week :-)
11th Circuit finds the individual mandate of Obamacare unconstitutional but leave the rest of the law intact.
I did coke for the first time in
Any chance of using your song in a new series airing next year?..
Looking forward to your visit to today for KC Cole's science writing class!
Gene Lamont's Diet Book
"Rasputin" is the most fun song to dance to on Just Dance :D
Little girl: "I didn't get no trophy" Mom: "You gotta rose, so you get to go back to get another trophy." Little girl: "YES!!!"
Alright, it looks like there's consensus on #ilf11 rather than #ilfannual. Bring it on.
I just straightned my hair and its curly af and my hair looks likee crap
True that Bill!
PR Pros Wanted!! Have a passion for your community? Put your skills to work DM your resume. Pls RT
I'm homeschooled for this semester. (:
happy birthday !!! Hope its everything you want it too be :)
Thanks for mention on your site and the RT.
I know just the person to confirm that statement.
trevor was my first friend on twiiter. i ust make him somthing and upload on to pc so he can print it out and have it. hm.......
fuck everyone else as long as your happy, right?
Butch Reed had good success as mid level baby in Georgia, Florida, and St. Louis before he entered MSW as a baby.
Betting the ponies at Keeneland...tryna win some money for the Kentucky Derby next weekend
How many times, how many ways do I have to say, "the offer was rejected"? I feel like the mom of a 5-YO who is trying to wear me down.
Woke up to find the world just got considerably less profound. Hitch is dead I guess. Happy trails you miserable old bastard.
If a girl takes her time to get to know you.. She mean buisness
Thanks new followers, tell your friends!!
what day is the ManU practice
Sometimes wish wasnt so popular so i could acually just talk to him as friends
&#39;Bucket list baby&#39; dies unexpectedly
#Tweet1800 for all members of ! #Chamber #HipStreet #Descants ! <3
,I am getting well
Nowhere near time to go..fml
Looking for a Lead singer...???
Ready to gain some new insight tonight from from WagEd!
I bring it back to what I have said for the past 10 years: there is ZERO accountability in the Baltimore City Public School System.
They have an alliance with the single sock eating monster!
yessir!!!! Thanks for coming out bro
#favmoviequotes "She doesn't even go here !!"
#KONY2012 please watch the video and RT. thanks guys. means a lot.
RT I'm only a lesbian Thursday-Monday.. >friday thru Sunday u like guys lol
“: Niggas wanna talk? What they gonna say?” I hit that pedal till that mo'fucker break .
RT A4. No, food as a reward is a bad habit to start. Id rather enjoy foods than feel that I earned them. Moderation at all tim
We want your pics of the Pikes Peak or Bust Rodeo. Email your name and photos to
lol i know :)
Thanks for including me in Christian News Daily's top stories!
hey tell this kid its not cool to follow everybody
See you in 3 months NY.
We know U can shoot the puck at Hawks game, how about half court shot skills?
Finally Getting my hair done｡｡｡ by a Professniol and not me
I was in computer science and was an IT practitioner but have had a life long interest in antiquity and religious studies.
Retweet if you are a dangerous and stupid blonde
Phil Hughes talking to the minor league call up in the dugout. Possibly giving him pointers since Hughes did pitch into the 8th. Haha
getting ready to go out is like a big fucking broadway production thanks to the girls.
So has anyone seen our commercial aired on CW?
How the hell you gone get fired.. on yo day off ? LMAO
Understand Toronto series helps #Bills viability in WNY. It's a good thing. Just always think about how much money Ralph's made since '60.
thankyouuuuuu lol how are ya sugar??
RT if u want me 2 follow u!!
Tough is your middle name.
plus maude & i had 3 friends over (Unkle Cocoa,my stepbrother Timmy & cousin Eddie.) DadyG is gonna make me sum turkey now
today's a fucking gift that's why we call it the present
I'm coming back to visit real soon. I trust that there will be plenty of cold Red Stripe awaiting.
Come as you are, as you were, as i want you to be, as a friend, as a friend, as an old ennneeeemmmy
Anybody have a brandy slush recipe?
Another Amazing Code Red Friday! Now comes the Big One - THE NEW YEAR'S EVE BLACK & WHITE BALL! Arrive Early, this one's gonna be packed!!!
Billingsley throwing hooks. Thank you. Need your boy Jansen to close em out.
People always say #free boosie or other criminals that need to be locked up and taught a lesson.
stressing importance of bridging the digital divide. Says her plan would depoliticize the school board.
Walk-off wild pitch! Classic #Nats win!! (Friggin Lidge!)
After I looked up what CES is I had to look up what CEA is: Consumer Electronics Association, owner and producer of CES. Now my head hurts.
Why today is a good day: Ike's had toddy mix! It's not a million degrees out yet. This weekend is
when r u coming to visit me
I Like Your Hair !
YW - I really do enjoy your tweets!
The vulgar comments about cocaine use and the discount AARP cards were thoroughly disgusting. I'll never watch u again.
Enjoyed sharing my thoughts with MY community. Let's Tune Up Lea Elementary!
She's got a sunshine smile, the kind that makes you forget again
its okay the damage is done ...
E! got a twitter reply from a rockstar! Squeeee! ()
Just came back from Target. Got me Breaking Dawn the book (wanna read it again) and a magazine. It's a little but a lot for me :)
Thanks for joining us last night, ! Which flavor did you get?
I agree with every word you've said!...don't listen to the negative comments, because you're right:)
how the staff went about getting rid of him... Not the students and alumni
Oh Virgilio Panera, you make me want to improve in this language to appreciate your stories even more.
Are you a fan of doing crunches? Next time, put your tongue on the roof of your mouth, it will help align your neck!
I swear, the only thing my two sea monkeys, Franklin & Louise, do is fight. I think Craig is the only sane one.
I'm in an excellent mood today.
That moment when you and your mom have something in common
What, Yes I am :o ! Holds on let me check cx!
Ready to be in my city!
What in the eff is happening?!?
I know. I miss you. Ill see you at the mtg :-)
portuguese test = the most easy test in the world but not so easy as english test xd
you can create a contact and then add all the words that you want iOS to not correct. Especially useful or swear words.
but did you get a look at those muscles?!
Getting ready for the Adrenaline show at Dan McGuinness on Spottswood. Join us for the Cinco De Mayo party.
nothing just laughing at your tweet
Finals! New school! Get my car fixed! & Mothers day!!!
I don't know what to do
Just finished the Cherry Blossom 10-Mile in 87 minutes...not bad but not my best... Getting old! :)
obviously! Congratulations on a great season and graduating! Hope to keep in touch!
CP3 always involved in some weird ass shit out there lol
yea the line is long but not as bad as the Concord line.
Well that just made my entire day! I FREAKIN LOVE YOU BELLE
Tonight Johnny Chimes plays 6pm, Mike Massey & Francie Phelps 9pm no cover
That's true
: check my last FB update! Similarly sad and silly :-)
Good morning allergies, would you mind if I breathed for s minute.
Hard to impress because she's already seen the sun rise today & it doesn't get much better than that.
Thanks a lot, I was checking out the website and blender looks awesome!
We're meeting with last year's Greif Center's Venture Competition Winner on Sat So excited to see what she thinks about
All of us are in our pjs though! 😂
"Tommy" opening night!
Its way ok for grown men to cry.
PLEASE FOLLOW ! hes an AMAZING music creator! hes on youtube and i promise once you hear his music, you will b hooked!
A Chinese-fluent acrobat and a Juliard pianist? Sounds like the character premise of an indie film starring one of the younger Culkins.
This weather makes me wanna cuddle fml
Ihear ya baby get that paper and stay ahead @ all times
We have our inlaws' old one but wasn't much good without the rest of their stereo system.
please cum shut me up, all night!!!!
My pleasure taking them for Chicagoist! Can't wait to head back.
Laughing, Robert!
There are not enough days in the weekend...
do you know what happened to madison im so lost....?
RT : Profits from a simple single scalp trade today paid my months Gold subscription. This was my 2nd day in
very true lol . but yea it's better to not have people camp in this situation at least
Karaoke/adult McDonald's birthday is the new budget chic. Bring a pooch and it will be even more fabulous!
Good advice. RT : W/ all this snow & ice we've been getting in Indiana, only mistake you can make is driving too FAZZT.
Dude did you see scene? He frikkin killed it.
Listening to Christmas music.
Another anecdote on Black History Month: the Negro son joined the French Army using his mom’s surname, Du mas, who's risen to highest rank..
Reached out to Rob on Facebook. Thanks for getting back with me, Ned!
#CheerUpAustin this is really upsetting :(
that's what up.. keep in contact bro.. still got u on that photoshoot homie
How did I not know before now? (h/t ; attn ). Hey, #FF all of them!
Hey guys...glad you are tuning into Coast to Coast AM...commercial break now... :)
Where are you?
"That man is not truly brave who is afraid either to seem or to be, when it suits him, a coward." ~ Words Of Wisdom Quote
my shirt from is arriving today. Can't wait to rock it on Saturday when u get your much-deserved award!
Excited for tonight: Dinner at Stonefly Brewery then off to Linneman's to see a friend's band.
Found an NYC equivalent to not giving a thank-you wave. Me: "Have a good one." Dude at deli: "Thanks." #WheresMyYouTooAt?
Number one reason to cut out of work early tonight?? is singing live in our lounge 5-6:30! Don't miss the fun!
watchin' Tv, just chillin'....my fav cousin's B-day is this sunday, planning to do somethin' special for him!!!
Why is Irwin hot in this house!.
Damn it. Apparently I need a Torx screwdriver to switch out the hard drive on my MBP. No SSD for me tonight.
oh nice that sounds relaxing at least... minus the work part lol
omg u finally got on twitter!
We'll see!
Glenn Beck has got to stop the self abuse. As the Nuns promised, he's going blind!
A1. In a tree-fort in the Amazon! Was amazing, except for the cockroaches that ate my crackers...
how did u come up with a great song put your heats up??????
Hek yea...enjoy it while it last... #LIMITEDtimeONLY ...Lol
I've been filming Jews in prison for yrs.Many battle addiction.My husband's cousin's son just got arrested for heroin possession.
I'll be on campus until 7 today. Tomorrow, wed, I'm here from 9 am to 6pm
White base fabric? too risky for summer jerseys or bad ass? We are contemplating a charcoal base color.
Please watch the video In my last tweet
My condolences : #PopeShenouda's body expected to arrive at the #Coptic Cathedral tomorrow afternoon"
Weekend or Special occasion wines then :)
Who's ready 2 see what we can do!? Meet us in City Hall TODAY @ NOON for our first press conference. We'll tell you about our great work!
Tip: Before signing a rental contract have your Realtor double check the property records to make sure it isn't in Foreclosure.
you as well! Hope to see you again soon!
sorry about your experience. Stay in touch I will work to get your refund. . Tservice-Improving taxi quality.
kick off is at 7:30 p.m.!
We can't wait to receive your application! But you'd better hurry...we've got less than 25 spots left!!
I couldn't get some of the rovell links to work for me. Frustrating.
Great job on the burger video!!
The vitamin E found in pecan nuts could delay progression of degenerative neurological diseases like amyotropic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
I have an aunt that talks about the characters as if they are real people that live down the road from her.
that is one of my best friends...hahahaha...
So excited for the Abduction tonight :)
no problem, thanks for following back
Never ever buy shirts. They're awful. They run small and get even smaller when you wash them. :(
yeah that's always been my understanding, started to question when I read the article you tweeted about gotta groove recs...
I think it's all bullshi$...If you ask me.
I want to go home
probably not cause I need the money
Tonight I finally broke my Lenten fast and welcomed wine back into my life. It was a very good decision.
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & XES Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!
Race cars, lasers, aero planes - its a duck blur
Idk what im going to do when my Jindo dies. It's gonna be tough to handle.
The Cantina Tonight. Dina n mulky behind the bar. I hit tje Decks at 10pm. I'll be giving out tickets to the Tonyc summer jam on sunday..
you'll figure it out...
My face is always happy. I never let fighting 1%, income inequality, and corporate greed ruin my good mood.
Just signed up for #drupalcampatl was great last year. Looking forward to the Friday business summit
Hey Tweeps! Know of any good people we should follow? Let us know!
whats up man, i'm a serious producer looking for advice on getting my beats out on the web ext.. got any advice?
Ha thanks Dan
Natalie Merchant is wearing a grandma sweater and Mary Janes, but her voice still. Kicks. Ass.
~you too! happy Friday!!~
I hate Ravi
Sometimes I really hate #glee bc they take songs that i loved and noone knew and now everyone knows them
Bout To Him That Early Morning Workout. What's Good With U Ma Dude
thanks! “: it was your birthday?! Oops Happy Birthday twitter bird”
oh no!! That's heartbreaking.
Makin brownies tonite! Nuff said. Hit me up if u down.
you already know your approval is held at the highest respect from me! Thanks bro!!
I only need one social network at a time lol
well i don't wanna just tag along😔
europe and the dutch r going to be breathless if u goin put it down like that....still dreaming about the dc concert....
it's always nic cage movies i end up live tweeting and i'm pretty sure that's because i always watch them alone.
RT : We've been nominated for 's Community Builders Award! Voting ends at 10pm tonight. Vote #betascape! bitly.com/CommAward
Juju is being really quiet... Time to check on her lol
I thought nothing could be dumber than the Mermaids, and then they created the Marlins Energy Team
Since I pay her salary, it is like I am paying for the wedding. Which I'm happy to do.
Oh I've seen them. Didn't get them though.
I've never referred to Kentucky as a 'commonwealth'
What I said today could have just fucked up at least the next 10 years of my life :S
After season I think ": WTH?! Chipper Jones retired?"
word thats how u feel but i aplogize not my fault
I didn't know YOU were here!
such a professional!
What does the US #senate do? Absolutely nothing!
you're welcome! thank you so much for listening!
Price of NY crude falls $1.17 to settle at $92.81 a barrel.
I need to get Internet explorer on my Mac
You talk it. We live it. You're jealous. Admit it.
he eats quite regularly.<----nominations are being readied for "Parent of the Year' for you! You are so special!
Only fat ppl snore (karen my sister) Haha -_-
y'all cumin ova by pooh crib bitch?
are you wearing socks?
Note to self, check the weather before going to work. Oops. Owell, a little rain never killed anyone. Did it?
Hi, anyone out there wanna say hi? Going to San Diego.
I wish my dog know how to use the toilet;(
I have 15 thank you very much!
First on my way to Lagrange walmart to raise money for the humane society from 11-1 on wqmf
Winner of the day: House Manager Tim for hanging out with Alexander the Violin while I hang out with Thanks, Tim!
if you were stuck in a room with a baby panda , what's the 1st thing you'd do?the panda is friendly!
I got the best pics and videos ever
Thank you to our substitute for telling us his life story.
Bermudez fouls a pitch off and we're under way.
I despise losing my wallet -.- I can't drive or anything now -_-
no fam luv I'm hungry too
If you’re not following — what is wrong with you?
that's the one! You here?
Yo! I got so many compliments on the cardigan today. Thanks again. This is the hottest stuff ever!
Wake up to Hockey and Now going to Bed after Hockey. #Lovethis #repeat #HawksWin :) NiteAll
Watching the #Obama2012. Michelle was definitely playing it for the middle class....4 more years!!
A4. While a treatment plan is different for everyone, ideally your family and any other support system should be involved
Abraham Lincoln said: "The people know their rights, and they are never slow to assert and maintain them, when they are invaded."
I did see that...and I might have submitted that. For some reason I'm not sure if I entered the contest or not! :)
Congrats to Kristen Brown and Bobby Marsic for winning a free week to SWEAT!
haha wine and good food can cure all problems lol
RT for a truth is DM :) Only if I know you though!
legend of korra = awesome thus far! can't wait for april :)
I know what that's like... It can get very frustrating.
Ah, too bad. If we dig up some photos, I'll be sure to include it in the write-up.
Glad to help at #SMCRVA last night. Always a pleasure to see everyone and to participate in the group
haha but do you know what it is b4 you click on it? :)
Whatever the lady does for a living on the new show series Scandal is what i want to do. Im a heck of a troubleshooter!
there are great writers at IO Chicago including me,please come there!
RT : We have partnered with & to launch the Waveland Summer Author Series!
Look for a book heading your way soon, and a video game to follow shortly. Hope everyone had a great fourth of July weekend!!
How u been?
James and I are sharing a cold. Not fun. He was up at 5:15am. When will he learn sleep good to get over a cold.
And if you don't, you might end up losing the ones who actually cared for your well being.
Too many pots cooking, unprofitable DEJA VU
sorry, boo.
With the world series set to start, I am eagerly waiting for the off season to begin. I hope the Yanks address our issues and bring home
he looks so handsome in his sombrero! :-)
Metro International: Anders Kronborg joins Investment AB Kinnevik as Chief Operating Officer
so did you solve programming after I left?
Thanks for the great week!
Best rendition of our anthem ever!!!
The Lying Game!!! :)
Why is it that the driver side seat in every car can recline? That seems unsafe to drive like that.
Welcome to twitter !
Monk seems to be my most favorite class right now!
I will take my personal trainer certification exam in the next month.
Reflections on #Eating at #StirOSU?
Tickets for the 7 are going fast fast fast! Don't forget to get yours!
long day today
SXSW Health sessions are amazing, showing how the web can revolutionize the way patients interact with doctors. Glad White House & HHS here!
Officially addicted to lost.
A kayak is a great way to explore our Anclote River!
#CBSNJDebate Bachman is right. The Bible also predicts the coming battle against Israel.
thanks for everything Zach
Jealous! None of my meetings get to take place at bars! Although there's the occasional drinking in the office :)
#latin quote of the day - Consilia Ciceronis sunt clara nobis. "Cicero's plans are clear to us."
You had to look up one title at a time, and they took the form down as soon as their consultation period was over (4/5?)
Look for Argyler at #soslam. You'll recognize the pants. :)
this next story is for you
Francis Ford Coppola: "You don�t have to specialize - do everything that you love and then, at some time, the future will come together...
Happy birthday Have a great day bud.
why do you go from zero to blackmail in seconds?
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments. --GM! Happy 11-11-11!
Having lunch w/ @ #Amarin in Hillcrest talking about social media, #politics #election2012 and
People are really confusing these days.😓
Also I've been practicing my British accent this whole train ride.
RT : 4 words more important this weekend than "Let the Games Begin"-- Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce.
I love the avi for
I don't want information like that.
thank goodness he is gone.
oh cool
twitter, why are you being so lame?
Post Spin Brunch?! cc: and the gang :)
“: Haven't been shopping for clothes since last July...and it shows. #nomoneymoreproblems” shop in the kids section Same Size (;
hi dear ;) love your photos!
Wow! Marlene Bukstein and Jan Ruhe team up for a fabulous call for our Forever Living Global Team Call! Thank you to them both!
where can I hear your new joints at?
Don't question Gods word.
the 2.0 release will be available for download at the end of July.
That sucks to be Baron Davis right now
did you get my email about some American alternative lyrics for Victoria Wood song?
Warm, breezy 68 mi. to Elkader plus a visit to
Everybody is sick  thank God I have a good immune
I am thinking, coconut milk, perhaps making a sambal too
hey hey it didnt work cuz i put a space thing in there
The Sweetest Thing
Will you be watching SNL on Saturday? The Foo Fighters will be on and I don't want you to miss it.
tavern. Let's do it
Dear , I will be thinking of you all day. Wish I could be there to see you knock the socks off the folks of Douglas! Much love!
Been hustling my butt off. I haven't gotten around to it, but it's on my list!
“ ATTENTION : LEt's #Trend #RIPDirectionerPaula. She died in a car accident. and her last tweet was for Zayn. Ughh. SO sad :(
So..tomorrows the last day of undergraduate classes forever.
Dear food commercials, Nobody eats in slow motion with their eyes closed. Sincerely, normal people.
Tweet Your Seat.// Huey Lewis, because I'm still making it Hip to be Square.
It Gotta Be One Person That Will HAND MY MIXTAPE TO THE RIGHT PERSON
Where's the temple?
politics aside, everyone has a right to say their say, some say it differently, in song in poetry in prose...say it your way...peewaddy.com
i wont be able to make that. Im chillin at home cuz i gotta be at work eleven.
The Smart Fortwo is a very underrated winter vehicle! Glad you enjoy yours!
don't understand half your tweets but im still sat here crying with laughter.
"The work we’re putting in now, we have never done this before. We haven’t done it at this level..." - TJ McDonald
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I'm marrying 😊😘❤
you're welcome
"if this store were a restaurant, it would be a fine dining restaurant"
hehe! I had a partner on this but she decided she couldn't do it. But it was all designed so I figured I should try
I love the
If she call you her chicken strip # drop everything she rachett
hey maggie wamted to see what you Friday morning looks like. Or Saturday afternoon works also for me to come down there.
When you get a song stuck in your head, & its that ONE line.
Thanks for coming!
thanks max!!!!
Thanks for following
I think im finna show my mom what Jalen looks like lol
lets work on a trade. i want some beats by dre!
Tried to write at Books A Million tonight, but they've changed the atmosphere alot. Still fun store, but not good for focusing on writing!
LOLOLOL!!! oh man, that response made me laugh. ;-)
Trying to pack. I'm moving to another place. I have many things to get rid of!
Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Man if only the C's had come back from 13 or something. That would make everyone feel better about being down 9.
MSG can be found in dairy products, protein powder, candy, gum, some nutritional supplements, and even soaps and shampoos.
Come on out to the Women's Expo at Cashman Field today and see a bunch of vendors (Washington & LV Blvd.) 11-4
Hi, Goodmorning :) well its goodnight where I'm from but still...hope you guys have a good day :) x
Cars in to shop for the weekend!!!! Pretty stoked I get a loaner vehicle 🚀
Happy #CyberMonday! All new followers of and will be given a 50% off #discount code today.
Mom and Pop Gronkowski
I love your Mama <3
I was introduced to the famous #Milwaukee #FiveO'ClockSteakhouse this weekend. Best steak of my life.
Report to twitter for what,get a life off of this bullshit -having fun is not harrassment! #getoutsideofthesemakebelievefriends!
COOL :)! Thanks!
haHAHAHA he's like choking him
Heads up: Wed. 7/6: THE THIRD WAVE returns to Weird/rare/obscure postpunk, darkwave, gothic sounds & even weirder visuals!
I made Allstate!!!!
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and lower your red meat intake! Evidence vegetarians visit doctors 50% less than meat eaters.
Series 2 of Sherlock (finally) starts on PBS Sunday!!
RT : Breaking: NH Atty General says alleged shooter of Chief Maloney and four other officers is dead.
Snapper SPV2270HW 22-Inch 700 Series Briggs | My Site
Contrary to earlier reports, it does not appear to be because of the hand.
“: think you forgot to attach pic lol”well damn lol let me try again
Lol. I so know that feeling. RT : I always want Chick-Fil-A on Sundays SMH
Still waiting. :)
Tune is tomorrow at 11am EST for a live interview with Printers Market Place Magazine - myths about die cutting and more...
Toshiba Excite 13 Android tablet (preview)
Looking forward to seeing it. Should be good! RT : Just finished taping with #RachelMaddow! On tomorrow night.
Miss your great food!
When you just have one of those bad days and you know only going to dance will make it better
Check out site W.SuperImpactfitness.com and follow Us!!!
S/O to , You're super pretty! And we don't talk that much, But you should text me!(:
don't tell
I feel like being an asshole today
of course :)
About to leak that!
ps. are you still going to see head and the heart or did i totally make that up??
Realest Podcast/Show out there besides ha!
Seeing the 16th, Big Bear the 18th, and possibly #flaminglips in Aspen, CO the 27th !!
dont have a phone either.
me too bro
I'm glad she's not suffering anymore. Joy White will always be loved. R.I.P.
3 yards on the completion from Stave to Williams.
Only love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way.
Send that to us and we'll post it too!
Blogging all that is good, bad, and weird in physiology and neuroscience
RT : I WISH I was. I have an Extra BB Touch Verizon I wld GIVE you! Only used 1 month :)
Spring in Texas...early, beautiful and every tulip is a reminder that God creates life and beauty. Enjoy the beauty and praise the Creator!
StoryPros #screenplay competition final deadline approaching at the end of October!
thanks again. Any time you would like to chat, please dint hesitate to contact me.
New Jack White album yes please thank you
insodious isnt scary just the things that pop up in it are kinda freaky.I was stalking your tweets about it from yesterday...
Focus on my
The columbus blue jackets: finding new and entertaining ways to lose games since 2001
#beirut trying to use this number sign... it creates a group?
I know, I've been quite busy haha
Harrow: Sport inspires a new form, the mock-mock heroic.
Amazing shows this weekend! Ingram Hill, Matt Duke, Marco Benevento, The Dangerous Summer, Down With Webster, & More!
nope lmao that's the reason why you didn't want it -.-
Not in a bad way, Sara! But on pg 1: Tiny Cooper "may b the world's largest person who is really, really gay" -->
“: In a relationship : Everyone likes you. Single : No one likes you. Does this happen to anyone else?”
“If you really want to do something, you’ll find a way. If you don’t, you’ll find an excuse.”—Jim Rohn
140 for four days im not sure what a single day is
Greg P Russell after 15 Noms! Maybe next year
Good, thanks for asking. Just trying to make it in the "Valley" all the other tech nerds.
omg my leopard sunglasses are totally broken, I must find new ones!
“: whats up baby i want to chat. msg me at yahoo at loveablewiney or aim at loveablewiney” Okay! Sounds good. xoxo
If you were mine, I would put you before everything. Being there for you will and is my priority.
I never really had a desire to do a #marathon until I heard would be going through the 'Shoe this year. Do I dare?
sup H Porter!?!?
Thank you! You are awesome! Kings are in line for another sweep!!
I got to check out your book my man. Hope kmitch tweets an update about his flight.
#TeamAlton without question. You + team = flawless combo of smarts and charm. Cheering for you & loudly.
You're good...get better.
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
sometimes you just need to caught up on sleep.Z... good night
what cities in tx ive ilways wantes to meet u and see ur live show ... quit ur lolly gagging let lolly gag it outta here
I do wanna go out for ice cream
Just did week 2, day 3 of !
really? We already went like 1 or 2 ninths ago!(:
Hope all is well with you and yours. Missed tweeting with u.
I've read more during this first week of classes than during our entire month-long break.
Hearing the audio of the SC justices has been so interesting. Much more than I thought possible.
That was supposed to be the implication when he debuted. He's not, though.
haha welcome! im good at noticing my twitter besty's new icons! lol
I'm wearing a jacket tomorrow just cause I fucking can
Im not making a mistake!
❤Monster Love❤
I love social networking.!
Morning! When you get a chance can you please leave on our A Youthful Soul, Inc. FB info on your company
Thanks for the RT! See you there!
Facebook riots are always fun until everyone involved unfriends you. Welcome to
Congratulations on Season 2! I'm sure it's gonna be awesome!
. I wish all women in tech were like you: smart, funny, and outspoken. Also, sick and demented.
Destination ulan batoor. 36 hours to go which means I can watch twister and jumanji 9 times each on the planes
Tracking six originals today at West Triad studios with Dominic Thiroux and Peter Buck. Erich Gobel will be pushing the faders.
Fool Us Twice Lana Del Rey, Shame On Us - Tone Deaf
eeeerrrkkk now I have to re-render everything in final cut, oh well COFFEE TIME BABY!!!!!! #patience child
Sweet! Thanks! I'm getting my Easy Tiger shirt in the very near future.
Rate Me :) Or Ship Me With One Of The Boys From 1D :)
ENGC... Shorts must cover today!!! Major run!!!
I'd gladly devour either of those delicious choices.
haha yikes that's a ton of hand collation.
My Spanish teacher just gave me a doughnut, Hella bomb! #Winning!
I'll go anywhere for the promise of wine and castles. Boats are only a secondary appeal.
friends lol how are you?
Although, I admit I've been more interested in QR codes since the #LCSN meeting. Have been reading up on their uses & stats.
Highly entertaining...LOL
Rice Park Hours are Thursday, February 2 – 10am to 9pm. Friday, February 3 - 3 PM to 9 PM.
Outside by childish gambino... I can relate
good days shoot for the Losing Ground team. Many thanks to and all their staff for letting us shoot at their SOHO campus.
going to take a break from studying soon and have a beer on the patio, enjoy before the winds hit
just dandy! Thanks for asking! :)
LeBron shitty he got his shot tossed
you still being shady?? Haha
When u hear expression "grow old gracefully" what does it mean?
tiesto @ borgata sounds like a good idea
Sweet jesus, think I am finally done this last paper.
Im stayin in the crib fa now on ant shit out here fa me nomo
I know love. You'll meet you're prince charming soon. I promise :)<3
When are you wanting to go? I have to finish some stuff at the office,
Adam " That's very provocative.'' Me '' Your moms very provocative!''
haha where in Mexico are you going?
Price acknowledges challenge of Smithsonian to reflect diverse ethnic experiences while teasing out a national consensus
I rather have 8000 than 1000
and by shootout I meant shoutout ;)
No problem! You caught me at a *really* good time so I could post it real fast.
Missing my Grandfather on his first birthday not with us. Always remembered.
If you treat me right , I’ll treat you even better .
While you're here, check out our friends over at the Rochester Erotic Art Festival. Thanks for the add !
Favorite Sesame Street character or muppet? I have a fondness for Big Bird and Snuffleupagus.
Wow way to be a fake. you got my hopes up thinking they were following me, but no I asked them and they said you were fake!
Your use of #hashtags impresses me.
Julie , tell Amy I have her phone , I found it in mr Rodriguez's room
Enjoy a glass of wine with us for $4 till 4pm!
...and Kyle Orton just began to cry right into his newly purchased terrible towel.
Hell yeah lol
Headed back to #pittsburgh today. Totally forgot my wallet. Thank god I have my passport so I can get into
Just saw the preview for Battleship. I have to say, I kind of want to see it now.
Here come the west
And texting you makes me happy 😊
I wear a belt with my pants even if they fit me perfectly. I have no good reason for this.
seriously?! I've been totally ignoring my fangirl life lately and idek what's going on
yeah only commercials coming through on the app, but now they sound like alvin and the chipmonks!
Excited for #12NTCCollab with and
Clayton endorsing artist here come follow me now on Twitter. New available on Amazon, cdbaby, iTunes etc..
Is there's any doubt?
oh yeah
Evryone go follow his
If you need google+ let me know!
What's people how r u all doing today?
#WhatIMissMost your hugs, your laughs, your smile, holding your hand, being with you, holding you.To sum it all up.I miss everything about u
Happy Birthday to my alma mater National Orange Day is the perfect day to kick some ass on the court!
please!! Actually I don't know them but saw them on SNL and made me think of your comment.
Keep calm and hail to
I wanna go home and watch Heroes.
You already know!
The most beautiful line is "But, I love you." The most painful line is "I love you, but..." See the difference?
“: So, how mad ARE you . . . on a scale of 1 to Serena Williams?” You CANNOT be serious!
Lmaoo the other day we was tlkn bout how if we could kill ppl n get away with it no problem alot of ppl wud b gone Smh trife
If "Man or Muppet" does not take home the Oscar, I'll lose faith in the whole process.
Full #Moon in #Scorpio tonight threatens emotional boundaries, secrets, & dramatic over-kill. Be CLEAR on ur feelings & ur protection!
Does the "DLS" rating for #SNL stand for "Dumb, Ludicrous, Stupid"? And what's with the music act playing on an iPad?
I hope it comes out though
Whenever I watch Ellen I just get really annoyed with Sophia Grace because she's ALWAYS THERE but then Rosie talks and I'm like awwh.
just convert youtube vids to mp3s, who uses cds nowadays? Lolol
We're a new restaurant in Lakeview focused on great meals and sustainability. Come in and check us out!
Sent $25 to Obama. Still feel like I want some merch
Just took a nap
your pretty GRAND (: <3
I dont even fit...in this car.
no problem :)
Ok. Randy Moss is kind of a jerk. But for some reason I find that I like him. I dont understand.
Ah had amazing start 2 my week! A two day symposium to learn all about new hair techniques, My <3 came home and now work? Can't get better
The lack of an equity calc drove me insane. There was no "consolation prize" when I got sucked out on, no firm sense of whether I was playin
your unbelievable lol <3 you would get so many followers in less than an hour >.< ya te cres cause your popular Lol
And people say baseball is boring...
I haven't but I hear it's amazing. Hey, any font favorites for the interior?
Always great advice!
It's Monday & there's no new video?! What is this?
Thanks :) Appreciate you saying so!
Peep game
u okay?
Ops I ripped my pants
Dear , I heart you big time
TCG / LA Tanya S and I host a breakout cocktail pool-side: Unbearable Transformations in Theater/Theatre: Saturday 06/18 1:30, Biltmore, LA
Wanna do a good deed? Remember to thank a journalist next week- check out madison chap of SPJ for info
I hate this shit!!! Not talking to you not seeing you not kissing you & knowing you won't be by my side?? I hate that </3
I hate you right now...
Turnout at #republicanprimaries at record low. How will that translate for #generalelections?
It appears that 98% of foods cause heartburn so I must figure out a way to survive off lettuce and apples. I'm looking at one bland future.
Have to sit & talk with the man that tried to tear my image down today at work. Lord,give me wisdom cuz i may knock him out.
normally people say it back lol
Stay motivated to become better as each day goes on..only the strongest survive
Listen to KBUC - 102.1 in South Texas to hear my interview and a peek listen at my upcoming songs.
RT : But he's so damn adorable!!! #chicken :)>>>It's more a case of knowing my tolerance and limitations. ;)
Thank you!
I know SF Giants fans the world over—yes, we're global—would appreciate that very much
"The meaning of life is to find your gift, the purpose of life is to give it away."
Pens earned this loss. Hopefully this game will serve as a reminder that you have to play for 60 minutes, not 20.
Oh, it's cold outside. It's the perfect time to buy tea! Wed new teas arrive! And don't forget our tea sale. See you Wednesday at TeaTime.
thanks 4 the interview, that meant a lot 4 U 2 call, not many artist would do that, love 2 have U in Frankfort sometime
my fiance apparently sat for 30 mins for #mindfullness today. He calls it being lazy though. Need to work on that perspective ;-)
Correct. If you have not been issued the city carts, use your current cans. But make sure you set out at proper times.
maybe not a fight as much as cutting off the poor old lady's oxygen lol
why is everybody so hype about may 5th? whats going on tomorrow?
Have a song stuck in your head? Comment/tweet what's on your mind! We'd love your input for our spring semester song selections. /yd
We're at the "Machine Gun Preacher" premiere!
And I read about the afterlife but I never really lived.
we could never forget you!
But you are too. B/c of me.
I wanna rock out to some
There may be no better lyricist than Robert Smith of the Cure...
what one did you apply to?
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment - Jim Rohn
I'd consider myself an obsessed member of that club MT Yes. (re: start David Quammen fan club?)
even as a Nono-obsessive I would never have imagined! Hoping you will review....
Jim Leach of NEH we needs spirited political discourse not mean-spirited.
I am so glad to hear this this is taking too long now these women need justice!!
Thank you for retweeting!
Happy Birthday Madison
field workout at 5. I'll drive and hurry home/shower. Should be over ~7:15
OMG! If I put up a video like that I'd be in a a grave :o
#GoodThingsInTheWorld exercise cuz its cuts the fat out the picture.....
Loves SyFy, Loves Music, Loves Science, Sensual, Romantic, Physically Fit & Slender. LIVES IS MINNEAPOLIS,MN & is Single.. Where R U ?
Great ideas, thank you for sharing them!! Have a great day!!!
Commission begins discussing So Cal Assembly districts starting in Riverside County.
Crystal ain't no beef . U da reason for my fan base . We good I just be drug talkin .
my sisters are still laughing at justins tweet to mariah, they're 20 and 21...
right on bro i appreciate that!
Museum impact is tangled up in new or larger buildings and more programming for larger attendance figures.
we shall create it out of Paper and Plastik
Stoked for tonight! #MovieNight w/ le peeps! its been too long! :)
Howdy! Good luck with your querying later this year. I will be right there with ya.
I only have one RL friend that could possibly be Throbbing Gristle fan.
uh-oh
woww ! ~ i love this one :DD awesome !
; my phone, my account, I'll tweet or text whoever the fuck i want.
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx diary of a mad black woman
I know it's 8 at night but Need to see ya homie so I'm gettin in my truck and heading to your school. Cya soon!
That's "Date an Entrepreneur, The Soft-Core Edition". :) Blech.
how much do you tip a cabbie in doritoes?
#sorryimnoysorry “: Yankees RHP dislocates right ankle, remains hospitalized this morning after undergoing surgery ..."
23. #Brewers 8 #Padres 3 | Ryan Braun explodes / three homers and a triple / feels home in So. Cal.
Happy Easter everybody!
I'm pretty sure were the first people ever to play rock, paper, scissors over txt! Haha
I followed just so I could immediately unfollow them. Carrying on with my day now.
I'm sure she's not being dramatic about either.. Tell her congrats for me! RT My baby lost her first tooth today. *sniff*
- ref decisions not going Barca's way either
so jealous.
lol You know it!
FINALLY!! I got my pic up. doin my thang!
Ready to present at #GRID2012 #UMD about Multilingual Use of Twitter
We in the ABQ, if you haven't hit an ESELL auction your missing out! PROMISE YOU
show the bartender this tweet. $2 naty. All Monks followers.
Work time, someone should visit me at work today!
old black ladies LOVE me.
Lmao no. :3 I wish. :') I ordered them online.
This movie owes me an apology.
he said he is having a graduation party, next week.
Hey followers make sure you welcome We need to help him get more followers. He's a great man now that he is on Twitter!
.....Australia is where Im moving my family// Haha! I wish twitter had a 'like' button.Just spit out my coffee laughing! :)
:D I know. But what's not awesum is me and i no 1 other Arianator got hacked! #NotCool. Rt??? *Bretana*
oh jesus, what did I miss now
None!!! Rick Ross can't rap!!
my mouth is watering
HAHAHA! love y'all (: please follow?
And thank you for being Alaska's best liquid export!
I can't understand why people say my girlfriend's legs look like matchsticks. They do look like sticks - but they certainly don't match.
Any Realtors that would like to contact me to handle clients with short sales, I pay referrals and am very experienced with short sales.
We Miss Kidrauhl Covers ! (:
Saw lastnite and fell in love!! Keep rocking ladies, I'm bumping better off now.
AAHHHH! Happy birthday :) how old are you?
been waiting since that day...
OMGfact: The inaugural #LEGACY dance party was booked three years ago today by Dark Sky. It happened 7/3/2009 @ Cantab Lounge.
Is it sad that I'm excited to go to subway! :D
Sweatshirt at AFP: second amendment: Americs's original homeland security
missed Waldo? When?
Well the storytelling live was amazing. And I have a major girl crush on MC There. I've said it.
Carl Perkins' record of Blue Suede Shoes was the first to sell 1 Million records
that is every dr or lawyer I have ever met, Shitload of book smarts but no street smarts...
Why is Santa's sack so big? Because he only cums once a year
thx for the follow keep the quotes coming!
I really like your outfit! You are looking very pretty as always
I'm smart like that. Duh.
sleepy. x_x you?
Saturday show! LA ! Who's coming?
Good morning
soaking up the sunshine, loving the 80 degree weather, and appreciating life! Happy Friday!
Thanks to all who attended UCLA Library's 1st ever Teaching and Learning Services Workshop "What's Your Teaching Philosophy?"! A full crowd!
Again, early childhood development is key in order to become a successful and productive human being.
Watching the movie dont be afraid of the dark with my family and my cousin
I'm telling! :)
Come out to Burt's Feb. 13th @ 9pm for the My Bloody Valentine event and help us raise money for the earthquake victims in Haiti!
Definitely considering a maid service...
RT : Welcome home Prodigy, now help get rid of these wackass fuckin rappers. Techno/Pop/Club style Rap needs to be
wow your Dumb now get dressed so we can go eat
if you need some inspiration just let this song play #better♥
oh my god i love you u r so awesome!!!!!! So is the whole of one direction
I know. Too long! Everything is good. Have a wonderful Holiday season. :-)
RT you off today ..yea
Phillip Phillips is cool but every song sounds the same
"I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be" xo
Good Morning, & I will! Senior recognition 2day RT : God Morning !!! I hope you have an amazing day today! ☺
It'd be an awesome fight though!
thanks Danny:) You made My night!
i wish i could pull of jennique's hair.
you might enjoy using www.bubbabrain.com with your new smartboard
Communication + Trust = A relationship that will last a lifetime
tell me y I watched that the other day and was weak LOL
Go to that link and you can download it!
South Region! Not easy. Could have been much much worse. I'm really surprised cause usually it's worse.
Will be discussing Indiana education on Fox 59 at 4:45 P.M. Be sure to watch!
WHAT THE HELL! By <3
Ordered my Callaway Golf Shirts for the season! Nice to be a promo apparel distributor. I love the product and so will my clients.
This Committee doesn't have jurisdiction on taxes so we will not vote on the increased tax on alcohol, which I have discussed.
nap time
Bowl season, gotta love this time of year. Finished up a midnight meeting next step is the airport at 5:30 am. AZ in the AM
RT "Fools live to regret their words, wise men to regret their silence."
Just like Matlock!
In other news the #Orioles are rolling over the Sawx. Adam Jones hit a ball wicked fah.
haha Seriously?! why is that person writing to you abt this? i would rather give scholarship $ to someone more humble...
Sweeping junk mail has been a part of my daily life, so I'm hoping to eradicate that with what I learned today
So, yeah - that was me who fell on her butt in the middle of Decatur Street. ATL doesn't do snow that often, but man, do we know ice.
Thank you Katie, I will as soon as I am able..Todd
Good Vibes
im watching it right now
the credits in these movies take an hour on top of an already lengthy movie. Last time I stuck around, I felt burned
Kobe took that shot in the face from DWade personal...see how he destroyed DWade and fouled him out. Love Kobe's KILL Attitude!!!
I think I just followed you. Also, it's really damn hard to tweet at you when your name doesn't show up automatically.
"this is even better than I thought #meatballs from a trashbag would be" of
You may have won your game, but you lost her heart.
We Love Damon Elena
Make sure you grab a copy of the San Diego Business Journal today! It has an ad created by yours truly, and an OpEd piece by Major Lescano!
Oh yeah.... happy sweetest day people!
hahaha oh nice. Maybe another day?
haha yeah man,considering we were trying to figure out who put bleach and cat litter on one of our cars.better not have been you..
The VP of HR from the , Donna Wilkinson, will be on hand to answer your questions tonight at 830. Tweet with #big10expo for answers!
Hi, thanks for following me. I'm Sophie. I love BSB too!
#Brewers off-days can suck it.
Why are there so many guys at hm??
It's about to be a cat fight! Lol
RT : If more teens of this generation gave each other general respect, majority of the violence in Chicago wouldnt happen
Did puff piece about about in trade for free bamboo iPhone case. I don't have the thing a day before my pet panda eats it. Damn.
Oh, I put on my shoes and I'm ready for the weekend! #CalvinHarris is the man
#Blessings 4 you :)
Also: "frequent charges are far less stressful than deep charge/discharge cycles."
"Who u gonna please with that lil thang?" she said. "Me," he replied.
SUMMIT and INDY scrimmage! I'm pumped!!!
Just realized #Kardashians this Sunday!!!! So excited 😘
uhmazing!! I have my Baby Cribsy somewhere too!! High-five! 🙌
(1/2) m doing live-action film: itz a passion. Just get together some talented ppl u trust after u have a pilot structure and ...
Nevermind the old gmail or new gmail, you really need to use
off to work. Have a great day!!!
miss you too!
love yall back
Your salvation reminds you that as free as you want to be there are some things your salvation will limit you to.
I was always afraid of a fingerprint based commerce system. Wouldn't criminals cut off a digit instead of pickpocketing?
RT : Since thou are not sure of a minute, throw not away an hour. ~ Benjamin Franklin
Not that fast?
Students land a big rig to hone skills on
Today is my favorite day of the year. First round of the NFL Draft and a kickball game? Yes please!
I wonder if Marie Digby is single?
Nipple pierced next friday.
Haha! Mine does that too! Along With Crashing Everytime I open it!
Trend too! RT : #CYSummit is a trending topic!!!
Wish is was a Tad warmer in Philly
Laying low tonight so I can get better go to the beach tomorrow!! Sweatpants and redbox.
#FF super talented ladies must follow!
