Want a complimentary kids pass to TerrorTown2011? Text 'TERROR' to 99000 to get one!
sorry i been so quiet Joel but u didn`t have to unfollow lol hope all is well!cool pic here btw. Is that u on the board?
Maybe you could call in sick & bring it to the crib & get all this.
Something I do not enjoy doing is calling consultants about ridiculous consults because "the attending wants it". Not my style.
#ATLANTA It's going down again this THURS 11/17 Come out to the Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic Mash-Up 7pm to 10pm. Be there.
to which article are you referring?
its giving me carpel tunnel! who cares!! :)
yeah and ppl have staring problems -.-
Watching Twitch of the Death Nerve!
wow, great! I love orange soda very much! LED lights: www.lightingever.com
Thank you!
Come suck my dick in the shower, now look at me kiss the dick head bitch!! lol
Teams that are below .500 in the middle of summer are not often seen as in the race.
Again with the no links?
who needs their hands to drive?
You should check out my website @ diablitaroja.webs.com Let me know what you think!
me too , I had my friend come get me haha.
love you too omg, flattered!!!
RT: Everyone in the world, put your guns down RIGHT NOW. Resume killing each other after the vows are read, please.
Photo shoot with Anthony and Angelica right now.Did some outdoor shots&now some in-studio shots. Photos look hot & having an awesome time!
Just hit my head on a tree branch. What a way to start the morning.
yayy!! Tomorrow it will be exactly 1 month and 19 days till' my birthday!!!
Some hoe ass bitches from El Paso lol
And of course she dont answer her phone...smh
In the studio cutting two new Impressions singles
Awesome turnout for Friends and Family Night! 7 people registered for January's Focus Training!! Woo hoo! Bring it on!! :D
It's proof of that old saw: "Write (use) what you know."
I never took the title literally (tho I clearly do need a life), I'm just interested in some of the topics they cover.
Are you loving life in Scotland?
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
its 6:34 and im leaving work! see you soon!
Truly, but with as few automobiles as possible.
CBRE Columbus thanks the readers of #Columbus CEOMagazine for voting CBRE the #1 Commercial Real Estate Brokerage in Central Ohio!
He's a good egg.
Nope. Glass bowl, metal spoon, whole deal. I'm so punk rock.
. problem I have with TED is that it seems to prize genius without considering structures and power that bound it
Your voice students might enjoy learning to play the piano, too (it's a fun & easy method!) www.YouCanTeachPiano.com
come 😚🍃💨 you know you need to bf
Woo hooo! Congratulations! We #spacetweeps are all cheering with yout!
Thank u New back rocks. Thnx 2 & 4 recommending this bag to me.
No official hashtag for this one, but feel free to use
Really ?! "Maybe he knows something we don't"?! Yeah, that
Haha! I think you need to aim higher. I'm ZList right now. RT : I'm not famous yet because has yet to discover me.
home sweet home DC.
TOMORROW NIGHT, 8PM an ALL NEW EPISODE of #TOUGHLOVE New Orleans!!! "Can you laugh at yourself?" ***special day and time*** !!!!
RT : Morning lovelies, have a blessed and relaxing Sunday. Look for more pics of at the black expo later. :)
Most guys want to fuck as many different women as possible. Not me. The idea of that many women knowing how poor my performance is scares me
Stubborn - too stubborn though I know it ain't good.
Unruly ambition is deaf, not only to the advice of friends, but to the counsels and monitions of reason itself. - Sir Roger L'Estrange
Thank you RT : following!
Kindergarten registration. Class of 2025. Is this really happening?!
Lol Aaron! May you be successful in fundraising!
#WhenAustin see's a hate comment on ustream and just smiles and ignores it because his Mahomies overcome his haters.
Verlander charged with all four runs in #Tigers game. ALMOST the best two game start of season I've ever seen by Tigers starter BUT. . . .
Where The Boys At is my new favorite song !!!! : )
Jimmy the greeks, unorginized, but peerrty sweet
I sure hope so. Can't wait to watch. What do you think?
My tweet is only motivational if your motives are to become an asshole
MN Friends... please help #findtodd If you see this car please call authorities Red Passat Minnesota plates 545 BLM please RT this
Todays cask at is Two-Hearted. Cask tapped at 4pm. New food truck from Anchor Fish & Chips will be there too.
I hate big Ben.
that would be awesome. I wanted to go do the railbird thing this year but we moved to Houston so that's a little difficult lol
That's the word, anyway RT : "Grease" is a video game now? WTF?
Cause I moved in with my man :-)
Here at work, pondering the day
What are you guys hearing on Mark Lyons?? Would be the missing piece
I just twetted I'm starving and I haven't ate in forever!
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
Make sure to pick up a fresh copy of UWeekly tomorrow for your chance to win a FREE tan from Savage Tan!
Bob Odenkirk in is perhaps the greatest casting decision of all time #bettercallsaul!
Oh, it was more of a rhetorical question. I know all of that. But never thought any of it should have meant death to MNSpeak.
that girl is gorgeous
I knew that poem was about me!!!!
I just added like 40 people on fb. Almost to 300. Muaha.
call me a noble gas, cos i'm buzzing just like NEON, NEON!
Everyone just really wants to get on my nerves today, holy cow.
PUNCH! I've got a beer right here for you though.
ahah but if they do come in, london champagne cocktails in order on the 25th :)
": "Man.. we do this every day of the night.""
Wow this #Cubs team is hard to watch!!
go get some that shit was bomb lol
Mushrooms are used as an adjunctive cancer treatment throughout Asia cause of their ability to counteract the toxic effects of chemotherapy.
ha ha yes it is not as awesome as the Lucy one!
OMG is so ghetto and ridiculous it aint even funny! cant even pay for my phone bill wtf?!?!?!?!!!!!!! calmdown elshaday
The descendants of Sgt. Edward Ratcliff, Co. C 38th USCT, are kind, gracious, wonderful people. It was truly an honor meeting them today!
Look for the ladies with the pink duct tape name tags on Fairmount Ave!
Changing information in my account , ready to tweet more often...
Funny! MT Stolen but funny line - In honor of Obama supporting gay marriage I'm going to kiss a man. How to find Ann Coulter?
mandatory meetings...ugh. Let's make it a great day Milwaukee
I accept these props :)
You cannot be serious. :)
really looking forward to it
Sitting at starbucks waiting for my car to be repaired. Breaks serviced.
thats pretty damn nice of ya! :) thank you
You're too kind Bobby!!
hot ass! (; lol
Let us believe neither half of the good people tell us of ourselves, nor half of the evil they say of others. - J. Petit Senn
You went to the gym? What snacks did they have?
Have a safe and happy 4th of July weekend everyone!
what up
Thanks for the RT of my blog post, Melissa!
thanks for that!
Back from PA trip: Added to my basic food groups: Sarris Candies and Schwartz Pickles. Any eaterie serving Schwartz. I'm there lemme know
Too windy to frolf? Possibly.
We are now full tonight. 2 couples are on a wine tour with Martin's Gorge Tours another is hiking Wahclella Falls. What are you doing?
Very powerful adult forum at LCN about praying prayers of lament- in crying out to the Lord, it's OK to be angry, frustrated, unhappy.
Thanks for all of the RTs.
It's #GAFriday. Yeah!!!
Everybody Wanna Be A Rapper..
do I sense sarcasm or the tone of a true journalist?
How have you contributed a HANDful of Love to someone in your life this week?
YES BECAUSE I WANT PEOPLE TO GUESS MY BEER
CAPONES JANUARY 14TH!!!! HOMETOWN JOHNSON CITY SHOW!!!! HOPE TO SEE YOU THERE! :)
Kevin Na is a great guy. Love to see Kuchar win this.
Have you heard? Tomorrow is the big day! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" 9pm, EST on
Congrats to , who will be directing our Health Policy fellowship starting in April!
The best night evahhhhhh
Any tips for our marathoners for the last 3 weeks before the race?
staples for what??
HAIL yes!! Look who's got some weather, San Diego!
Enjoy the session & let us know your thoughts! MT Friday at #NCORE2011. Can't wait to hear Dr. Bensimon this afternoon.
The first single by is heading to AC radio very soon. The question is.....Are you ready?
I SEE U SAY U GONNA CHANGE THE WORLD BUT U HAVNT CHANGED MINE AND THATS PROBS BECAUSE U DONT REPLY TO PEEPS UNLESS A BODY PART
#Hester... Lights out
RT : For those in the trenches of educating young minds, I thank you for patience, understanding & the ability to shape lives!
he wasn't at school yesterday! :( made me sad :P
Hey Dominique Browning--did you fall and crack your tailbone? What happened next?
good how bout urself
Be honest...Do you tweet for business or pleasure?
First Amendment prohibits use of Do Not Call Registry for election campaign calls
lol she liked the mystery alot but left the room during the rape and revenge scene lol
FIRST COMMERCIAL IS AT 4:53 central ON 97.9 TODAY!!!!! TUNE IN!!!!!
I am excited comic book conventions are coming up this spring! I have not been to one for year.
If only :(
Loved chatting with you today. Thank you!
Its a difference from being in love & being stupid . Obviously I'm neither .
I know I know
happy birthday kid ...
2 games today and another booked for sunday :)
THANKS TAYARI for helping spread the word!
Bank of America bad-loan provisions at 2007 level
In addition to food & wine, we have fashion: is at our Food Truck Extravaganza, 1735 Hancock St.
Diva is eating a sandwich, i am finishing my coffee, will get dressed and get going to the food store for picnic items and then the lake :-)
What is rule #6 of the 10 Crack Commandments?
It sure was!
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!! Join us for lunch and scarf down one of our delicious reubens, even if you aren't Irish...we won't tell ;)
is my fav comedian cuz of how many times I have to remind myself while watchin him that they r just jokes. #he'sjustacomedianppl!
aww thanks girl! Miss you! & yes, she is AMAZING (:
They're messing with you RT clicked on the gamecast for BOS & KC and this was all it said Francoeur walked
F*ck...some girl totally stomped and then stood on my feet while trying to maneuver her way past me into a seat....wtf
A hard pill to swallow...educating patients not to expose their skin to sun but believing we need up to 1,000 IU of D daily.
2-0 baker down with 25 minutes to go
your my role model
i really wanna start playing manhunt again...
Before you go, Could you love me just a little bit more, 1 more time.
Out-of-towners looking to book tour dates in Okc? check www.mybandsnextstep.com and click on 'tour requests'. Well be happy to help you out!
Thanks to everyone for your support!
We sure missed you at the event, but Robby still made you a part of it! (I'm in the lower right corner of the pic!) :)
met the ultra talented at work today. best of luck to you and continued success!
Oil spewing into the gulf of mexico... when will we learn?
We received our award notice from the CDC for a big HIV Prevention grant. Huzzah!
we welcome you all thanks for the support and visit our website for more details on our artist Meech Dogg...
40?!?! Welcome to the club darling. Xox
Ridiculous leg workout. Can hardly walk. Getting better though.
u shoulda made your twitter name chickenHEAD
Just touched up my green eyeline
im happy with how things are going on
Abracadabra boom shaka day.!;D
of course it is!:-)
working on multiple projects and still filling out job applications. Today looks like it will be very long.
OH: "You had sex in my room?! Yes, and you can too.."
yippee thanks!!!
just need to get back to oakland, that's it & all
Can't wait to get my Shiv on tonight!
I'm on vacation
Thank you for the mentions
ok I wont to hear that new song y'all made
haha, I saw that yesterday, I can't do that and I'm 30, she was amazing
I almost left the house with a bottle of Jim Beam in my purse. Good job, self.
Merry Christmas to all!
Bus made a wrong turn and went past Very bittersweet moment.
Never say you cannot afford something.That is a poor man's attitude. Ask HOW to afford it. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
my brother is a member! But he doesn't proselytize.
Tonight at 9pm on MPTV 10, a glimpse into the new life of England’s William and Kate, and what promises their future together hold.
Congrats! Feeling overwhelmed and busy is usually awful, but it's a blessing for us actin' folk ;)
Let me stop being honest all the time
How can James be MVP of the league & he not even MVP of his team
#nowplaying This Part Of Town by Widespread Panic. Wish Mikey was singin it though..... Lingering lead the king of noodling lives on 4ever!
in all fairness, somebody left their golf clubs in your toilet and left you no choice
The Silk Tie likes Bobi! We pride ourselves on selling ties :) Want to look slick as ice?
The thriller in vanilla
Going home today...
Girls, I'm coming out soon with a women's hair and cosmetic line that is going to be fabulous! Keep an eye out.
its the fact that I knew how to take this stain out without even thinking about it. Being a theatre kid in high school paid off...
I refuse to play a game where the people running it cheat
's DOOMBAH EP just hit #5 on 's Indie dance charts!! Front PAGE! Thank you all so much.
I always confuse Bruce Vilanch and Judah Friedlander for some reason...
That dance on the ferry was awesome!!!! Soo much fun! <3
Always nice to run into ! Hand delivered issue 100!
Panda Express? I be on dat like fried on rice.
Hey what about me :D
Hey Rick, I'd like to learn more about The Pulse Network and the technologies you offer. Can we setup a time to chat?
lol not at all. Its Just somethin bout yall...
Smoking should be illegal
Virtual high five to
make sure you put the link for those who aren't ;)
I need some news shows to watch. Any suggestions?
We have teamed up with Dundalk location and will be giving away 500 #IamTrayvonMartin hoodies today. Stop by and get yours
lol. I got a dope ass idea but i dont wanna show nobody yet
Awesome. The 2 of u r a gr8 combo. Still out here wishing you would listen and opinionate. Continued success. S
thanks for the shout out! Xoxo
still can never defeat "Somebody left the gate open." which will never be better than "Pay the doctors boy."
": Everyone wants what they can't have. But if you begin to love what you have, you won't need anything else."
My 1k tweet went out to the first giirl who rolls for me.
Sorry for the quite delayed response. Chicago is really nice. I hope eveything is well.
Nice to meet you too!
Learned so much at the Met-Tricks event last night! Thanks to all presenters!
Gotta love the life you live.
Speaking of recycling, do you still give away used wine stoppers? I would love to grab more since I always give them away.
Thanks for all the help! RT : Have an incredible time at ur wedding! Congratulations!
#GoTribe Let's play two.
when is your b-day ... Random question lol
Are you taking MG queries? I'm pitching an Arthurian adventure with a nerdy, science-loving heroine from California.
HA! Gene Simmons can do no wrong at
Had fun with yesterday at the mall (: Btw you ARE going (:
to discuss early liquor store hrs today 11AM w/ special guest Sylvia Brown . Politricks w/
stop what..
what sort of design were you lookin for?
lolwut I've had someone tell me they're gonna stretch my lobes with their dick.
Just saying, if you don't screw people over, you have a much less chance of being screwed over yourself...
not a cupcake maybe just a single candle
Then allow me to buy you a drink sir!
No, it's ni-ni time.
My take away from Superbowl XLVI: Bob Costas is dehydrated... & has been for years.
JUST FOR A FUCKIN MOVIE AND CONCESSIONS! Shit is outrageous!
Professional communities publish fair use guidelines to help the courts know what's accepted in that community
...thinking how hungry I am - "The 15th annual Festival Gourmet Int. is scheduled for Nov. 12 to 22 in Puerto Vallarta/Riviera Nayarit."
You're there physically but not emotionally. But that's gonna change.
My freckles are my friends! Can you say that about your poop?
we should trend that when Trespassing comes out next Tuesday. :)
Between The Sheets #83 - The Girls are Back In Town
Hey , Colts Super Car will b at Chase Near Eastside Legacy Center on Arsenal Technical HS. Grt combo of , #indy tradition!
Help your elder relative maintain their independence by looking for an elderly care agency like #VisitingAngelsSanJose that fits their needs
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
so awesome meeting you today! See you Chicago.
"Sounds like a plan", is a phrase that I hear from my clients more than any other. I take that as a complement.
it was a great game..thanks NINERS..I'm so proud..congrats giants..
@ KENS-TV w/ Cynthia Hamilton of for morning show promo of #BITP2012 Bark in the Park/Perrito Grito
About to get a little under 6 hours of sleep. Still twice as much as I got on Monday and Tuesday night.
no I never took a video of you with him!
#Adele seems to have been with 20 highly serious dudes in 21 yrs. Still love her, but if this all comes from one guy, don't want to be him.
Chocolate Dipped Strawberries are cupid's newest treat here for Valentine's Day...
it's been a hectic morning but it's slowing down now ! So it's good 👍
Aaron Burr. Burr challenged Hamilton to a duel over his slanders bout the VP. What if politicians still dueled over slander today?
Officially, no. I'm obviously still a huge fan & go to lots of shows, but I've moved on career-wise.
You're coming in to see us today? RT : #YAHTZEE!
"I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.” - Michael Jordan
Vintage Matusow blowup?
(or maybe it'll be the other way 'round, where LIS schools in this model would be more selective ... )
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you to all that came out last night !! SXSW is gonna be a blast!
Every time you open your mouth the world gets dumber!
Which NEH grant is supporting Shelley-Godwin Archive? (I'm waiting to hear on a Scholarly Editns. proposal.)
absolutely, we will have to bring my buddy , he is much better at mushroom ids than me!
whats up mama, im come out there tonight.
Eric Christensen is doing the sport on ch. 4 tonight. New?
thank you for that. People don't realise the contradictions they give producers.
naps really just make you more tired.
Yeah I'm in Florida with my cousin we just came back in. About to head out again.
Kobe beef burgers with truffle oil and blue cheese with sharp white cheddar on top YUM
btw guess wht song i heard on the radio last night
Grabbing shoes and my keys! : Starting decent into Hobby...
FOOLED YOU!!! Tartar Control didn't break up! We're still SUPER PALS!!! As a matter of fact, we're practically siamese triplets!
lololololol I just laughed my ass off at that
Today is a good time to get in. Next 2 days will be filled with back to school cuts. Good luck to all of the back to schoolers out there!
Cellar Door
Thank you. It's good to know we have wise, encouraging friends when things get tough.
:D hells yea.
This has been the longest 20 mins of my life. C'mon United!!!!
thnx! I appreciate the love! Yeah, what size you need and I'll let you know what I have left
Enjoying #salmon, Albacore tuna, & cod gives you omega-3 fatty acids, beneficial for healthy vision
keeps you in shape
Just Made this Twitter about 4 Hours ago? ;D
Here is a joke of the eve! Cameron white has scored 8 runs in his last 3 innings and still batting at No.3. In that way virat is way far gud
Very cool.
Wow! How long is the healing process? Still in the desert?
Racism is dandy, but meth is candy! - motto of Broken Arrow residents opposed to Kialegee's casino.
if it doesn't drop here soon I will go. Problem is my son is getting his adnoids out tomorrow and I gotta be there
Bob Marley on this beautiful day. The life b. the life.
TRUE LOVE Means:To FEEL someone in every HEARTBEAT, To FIND someone in every THOUGHT, To SEE someone with CLOSED EYES
Throat is raw from cheering on the Pack at the Georgia Dome but it was worth it! #GoPackGo !!!!!
This is awesome
Nice move by San Francisco getting a 3rd round pick next year
Happy Birthday to my brother from my other mother ----> ...festivities ? 🎉
Your personality is about as interesting as a scrap of cardboard
lol. Actually it's what yu haven't been doing which is hitting me up!.. Explain yourself!.. Lol.
I don't get NBA TV but following (Bulls) and (76ers) has been as great as watching the game.
We don't want people to forget to share what they thought of a place after checking in. The 3 E's: Easy, Engaging & Entertaining!
dm your address
Went to #Sleep wit #Money on My #Mind & Woke up with the Same! #BiggestShow Of My #Life 2Nite #ThankTheMan First , #TheMissDelta,
Ha! Sweet. FYI, avg attendance last year; 119
I like that. Makes the idea of running my business from an Air a little more realistic too perhaps.
Hey : good question. NFL sponsors like Verizon helped us with a text/tweet campaign in #SBVillage.Was on big screens.
Kevin wants one! RT :
back at school?
Morning folks....
Preparing for the porc hangover
Not appreciating this morning's snow.
Forgive your self & then expect for them to forgive you.
This week I'm still reading North and South by Elizabeth Gaskell, and I'm starting The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins =)!
Sleep can wait. There's an NHL playoff game on right now.
tHANKS FOR THE ADD. FOLLOW THE SQUAD
I'm sure you can find some way to pay her back ;)
I'm a reader in Cincinnati. :)
Immersed in job-hunting but managed to edit a v. touching memoir project & get my new laptop wired, loaded, & running. I heart friends/fam.
Is it FB official yet?
I take it State won?
RT : Hurt is often Relief.
OMGsh that sucker still hasn't arrived?? I would write a strongly worded letter to someone! You have clothes to buy! Xo
thanks very much Robert!
it's something dark... not really sure, but it looks nice. Hopefully she sounds good too.
Hard fought game, but #Bills come up short. 27-24 Giants.
thought it was suppose to b the olld book smell???
People piss me off, all I did was ask if you wanted to fight and your ass pussied out. Wth!
Parents tell their kids that they can be anything they want to be. However if they be what God wants them to be they will be more successful
ohok I'm in florida
seems to be a common thread here eh
I love this picture.
Given up everything for this music, because at the end of the day its not just music. I call it making a way for my survival...
Don't go to the site that was on my DM if you got one Again I didn't send it!!! I think it is a virus!!!!
Eating Subway:p
S/o to my bro im listenin to south dallas swag on PANDORA
I like this idea, Megan. Each day send out an artist quote or two sentence factoid to followers of your museum
I have been overkilling the ellipses tonight. Sorry twitter.
I am now just seeing this. This really shows how much I've been checking my Twitter lately. Thanks!
Why can't my mom be on time for anything?!
Lost in dicks..WHERE ARE YOU MOM
Hope that Genny Light hit the spot yesterday. Great shirt!
tell them your eyebrows almost got scorched off from their dragon breath.
After midnight, make off like a bandit with 50% off grab and go from the day! Come raid our pantry!
No its not. And if he did get paint. Still not. Just paint.
chicken butt lolol
Bob Balfanz on chronic absence: This is like bacteria in a hospital – it creates havoc, and until we recognize it, we can’t act against it.
thank you :)
Another beautiful day to get after it. Getting better everyday. Let's get it
Stupid ass teacher !
#Jesus #quote Romans6:12 Sin must no longer rule in your mortal bodies, so that you obey the desires of your natural self.
Hey FAC Heads, come on in! It's a beautiful Sunday! Donate for three pre-rolls, receive one on us!
A refreshing bike ride.Cute baby rabbit. Brief Twitter/FB break.Hot Earl Grey w/ cream & sugar.Now, an awakening eucalyptus bath soak. Yes!
My air conditioning better get fixed bc I am dying didn't even sleep...don't mess with me today
Just finished "Rework" by Jason Fried & David Heinemeier Hansson, founders of 37 Signals. Great book!!
Maybe they celebrate Halloween all year long :)
In other words, I'm sitting next to a new lifelong Caps fan.
When there are three or four decision-making parties, announcing a deal between just two of them doesn't really mean much.
Thanks - just wanted to check. We submitted a ticket via email.
I English with listening to a foregin guy! :D
Happy National Pie Day!
Well...if I am boozing away I can't promise I won't try to peer pressure you :)
Question is what happens if the government creates a monopoly using eminent domain and gives it to a private party?
So tired tonight...
Heading to Mangos to play in a few hours
DOWN. I know some people in cincy we could crash with.
I cant believe how big Austin's career is getting:( He better not forget the fans he had b4 he got big<3 We Love U!
I kick myself for not taking a picture of this today but I saw Green Lantern, Robin and Supergirl cosplay at Free Comic Book day.
dedicated call back service for someone on satellite phone service that will allow them to save $100/month inbound call fee
me and homework are in a fight.
From the UCA Archives: The President's Home - Log Cabin Democrat
found a live performance in a classroom. Not as smooth but still awesome. Also found a video of all the sing-off performances. Wow
Wondering if anyone would be interested in sponsoring $589 for a subscription for my company. I'd love you forever :)
♥ .i.love.chris.collins. ♥ and its his birthday in 4 days :] happy early birthday <3 ~tia
TIP WELL OR ELSE
haha me too!!
Thanks for the follow. :)
Drew, would you keep trotting Matusz out there or let him spend 2012 in Norfolk?
Have a good year everybody !
I did. Thank u! I look forward to reading your blog and ur tweets. Make it a bountiful week!
At the time I think he was commenting on Sinatra's attitude to media relations, especially the tabloid press.
Thanks! :-) I'm working on the lyrics tonight, so we'll see how it goes. Hope you're having a great evening!
im not sure cause my mom might get me tickets to see austin in new york
I'm pretty sure i am gonna fail finite considering I haven't been to class.....ever.
If you are interested, I could move some things around and do 11/3 or 11/17
Oh, wait! Never mind re:Strange Daze request. Just noticed the tweet about Rev It Up. Can't wait to get my hands on the mini mag!
oh dear...
if i ever meet he's getting the biggest high five i've ever given anybody.
It's #WebWiseWed! This week we are discussing #cyberbullying-- how can we help fight against it? What can we teach our children?
Follow me 2, i follow back (:
Whatever I just ate did not agree with me, I think I might barf
Putting two random words together will sometimes make you laugh really hard. Vaginal belch. Ass rag. Butt munch. Dick fart. Uncle fucker.
I'm happy the Mavs won!! James who!
hey rachel! we tried to DM you back but you'll have to follow us first. (damn Twitter rules!)
Came home for lunch and purposely made some toast and burnt it on the dark side.
smh thats why I mean to you.
PPF, w/ #opengov colleagues #pmo2012, hopes future #opengovdata allows our apps to continue evolution from transparency to civic engagement.
What Haiti does need: A Trump Tower..lol!!
Yeah, been staying away from caffeine. Surprisingly don't miss it. Went out for breakfast and didn't want only water though.
Really liking 's new profile page redesign
Respect the A's. We Real #BayBosses Fuck wit the A's I will take you out for a bag of peanuts
please please PLEASE! You wont regret it!
is ratchet.
Hey stubby, sit down... again
Boy you a sight to see kinda something like me ;)
Hate that my flight was right during a game 7
hey you!! Nice running into you the other day. <3
yea..that's wat i thought..Cause i doubt you cared about how "hooking up can be easy peasy"...haha
SHUT UP RY. RT : OT anyone? *ducks* HEY! Who threw that?
Happy Friday ladies! Keep building
Ahww it's adorable that is quoting Say Something! #CrewLove right thur
Just finish watching the #thehungergames it was freaking awesome....
Very cool being in the same room as you last night and supporting a great cause in
Hilarious! I can't believe Audrey's old enough to be starting Kindergarten! Holy Hannah, we're old.
do you want to go out?? I had to get the guts to do it, but I am NOT afraid of this answer, I love you
Not feeling well today... And the lack of energy is not helping...
Good morning everyone have a great Tuesday!
I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks MaryMary's mgr is annoying? Wether He is saved or not doesn't matter. Anyhow who was their mgr B4?
Not yet. I will. Won't get anywhere but worth at least trying.
Getting ready for Thanksgiving? Tell us about your favorite holiday dish.
I'm done wandering around my apartment. Give me something fun to do.
12th district damage assessment. Trees down Howard, Central, 26th, Federal, Barclay. Be careful!
Barbara Colorose~ If you cant solve it its not a problem--its reality.
Excited to receive a shipment of breads from Erick Schat's Bakery this week. Fond childhood memories enjoying their famous cheeze bread.
#suspendweber simple as that
Texas! Temporarily..
who in your family is a polish? :)
should use that with your bio for all project pitches
Dear men, we dont want to see your manties (man panties)... Please, pull up your pants and buy a belt.
See Broncos played Pats pretty close in regular season in Denver.
complete for spring, thank you everyone!
Guys follow she's super sweet!!!
He also said J'covan's freethrows to cut it to ten w ten secs to play were "big". Thought I was losing it.
ATTENTION PLEDGES(and members who were in attendance): New pictures are up from today's meeting! Go tag yourselves!
salute to keepin it real yet still doin his thing
he then spoke very sternly against Romney. Basically he said, don't get it twisted.
Ever since I met you , it hasnt been the same, all you've got me doing is drawing hearts around your name ♥
When Jersey Shore meets #bratfest: Brat-a bing, brat-a-boom.
wouldnt use the app with u just students
3. you ignoRE me always like srsly I promised you warheads.
I broke my kindle's digitizer. Then I punched the wall and ended up denting it.
Last night in the US. Will miss everyone.
Ours weren't auto locking ~1989 in Guam but the 4x4 was awesome. New guys got to go out and lock the hubs in the mud
welcome girl u gettin on too?? -anna
But Im Ready To Go Home Tho
Great connecting with you today, T.J.!
Politicians and mistresses ... how can anyone ever act surprised?
hey James nice performance, gonna vote for u, for sure !!!!!!!!
ohh my gosh picture pleasee :D
Well deserved Editing Girl With Dragon Tattoo
Its been way to long since I've been at my yia and ninos house therez only way way to do it right kings cups with the fam... Yeeeee
I did but I didn't get to do what I planned
Step 1: doctor. Step 2: new shoes. Step 3: Portland Marathon.
he's posting pics from his bike crash last year. Can't imagine how tough it was for both of you
Need a cuddle buddy..
How 'bout dem Cards?! This is more like it!!
such a Negative Nancy your last two tweets!
Battle bedroom boredom - with playful new approaches to sex.
WiFi available for #SFIMA Summit - Select "Guest" network
Its hard for me to get out of bed :(
Yesterday I ran for the first time in a few months. Today I found those muscles that I lost.
I guess I won't mention the very messy "live" cross to Katie Couric either...
I am no longer using Instagram
Hahaha! I think I just 'soiled' myself.
#GoHome Stop fronting. I already know you can't hang.
I was wondering what the fuck they was saying too but opps..."this user does not exist".
Yeah bitch u better not have a crush on them. U can call them cute tho cuz thats true (;
One week from today!!
Omg i cant believe he just did that!!!
That shit is ridiculous lol RT“: When people put pictures of their own selves "sleeping" .... Lol #WhatAreYouDoing”
ISLE rocked today. I was invigorated by all the conversations. Thanks so much for hosting!
Hey! I was going to text you about the concert, but I won't have my phone for a few days...its broken. So can you DM me your email?
ah. Droid here.
You forgot about Jeff Fisher.
Thanks for the follow ! Let us know if we can ever help with finding volunteers!
iPhone v.1.9 coming out today.....Android v.0.98 still in beta. Let me know if you want to test!
watching ninja warrior and i just realized japanese girls scream for everything and its annoying me
omg how much more lame can our school get?
I just want you that's it. All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, giggles, jokes, sarcasm. Everything. I just want you.
Show tomorrow night at triumph brewing company. 2nd and Chestnut. It's a stoplight party!
would you rather eat frog legs or drink beatle juice?(:
Today might be Friday the 13th, but it'll be your lucky day if you write for even just a little bit.
lol! my mom will watch them on TV with me but she wont come to the concerts xD but shes coming to MSG with me cuz my friends wont
One more hour and my work week is overwill for now
Full & sleepy now
making a video to introduce Hell Yeah Studios...and a few video tips, and some comedy, and I've been left alone in Suzanne Evan's office~
YOU'RE FIRST SINGLE IS COMING OUT?! I can't believe this. I remember watching you on ShootUsDown with Alex. So proud :')
Make the most of yourself, because that's all the self you are going to get, mister
John Kao and Jim Collins at ASTD discuss discipline and innovation on keys to success
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 21
#theworldsgreatestdjs its time we salute the dj.
Want to Volunteer at the games this year?? Spots we have open: Lifeguard: 2 Kitchen: 1 Event Staff: 2 Dining Hall: 23
Go Cubbies! RT The #Cubs are 9-6 in the last 15 games, good for the second-best winning percentage in National League since April 21.
everytime i play attila my little brother punches things and hits his head against the wall O.o i think he's gonna be a mosher (': hahaha
Did you tweet me and then delete it? That is classic Tammy.
Happy Xmas all!
All men are idiots And I married their king.
I disagree. Him being blk was his saving grace, b/c if he were white he would have been fired and not just suspended.
Oh my! Maybe it wasn't.
will you put up a picture ? :)
I don't know if I'll go to another grocery store that is not my regular one again - 15 minutes to find PB is too much! Making Fancy Ramen.
'& if you go carrying pictures of Chairman Mao, you aint gonna make it anywhere, anyhow.'
The 3-yr old heard Matt & Kim on the radio and asked if it was alien music.
My AT world lately: Appropriate #AssistiveTech recs for students seem doomed to fail for parents unless recs include an
Nice work Who doesn't love monkeys?
Intermission! The citizens of Coriolanus remind me of the 99% sometimes. It'd be an interesting staging.
Lovin Saturday so far nothin to do :) lovin it!!! Need to get out the house tho :P
It's CHESTNUT and 18th, folks!
That's amazing. I'm so happy.
Day 2 of being at home sick. I keep having chills, headaches and my body feels like a old man when I move... This is not cool :-(
In need of some sleep
lunar eclipse... YOU KNOW WHERE IT'S AT :)
RT : Gratitude affects your Attitude. Be grateful for what you have now.
feeling really crappy... Blech totally don't want to go to school tonight.
From the 65 questions in the test, I only knew about 3 😖I'm fucked. Lol
Wouldn't it be great if people looked like their personalities? it would make finding good, genuine people a lot easier
Omg!!! Got some letters from admirers #agent office.... I think it was for kiele Sanchez #theGlades lol!!!
tell me about it lol
Rt: theres nothing in the rules that says a mogwai cant play basketball
love you too : )
“: Put #dennisDixon in” word.
What? Thanks for letting me know. Any chance of a link to this imposter. I'm pretty sick of this tbh.
Love you. Hope you and Laura are having a kick ass time at TBS. Miss you both lots and make sure to call when a good jams on.
I just had to clean my bathroom...... EW! The second time I've had to do it ever! Icky :(
get to 400 followers she follows back
..Btw, that was the Spurs last loss, too! 14 straight wins since then, and counting! #GoSpursGo!!
what did everyone think of the #jets upsetting the #steelers yesterday?
right back atcha
That Message When Your Suppose To Send "hahahahahahaha" But Then Get Over Excited Nd Send "hahahahahaaaaahhaahah"
To better the lives of others is one of your life's greatest rewards
is more than Somebody That I Used To Know, but whenever I hear this song
I fear that the place I was put up at on Sunday had bed bugs…I am so paranoid right now! Bedbug Registry is fueling my fear. :(
so much drama at my school. 4 Fights in one week seriously. It sucks especially when 2 of them are your best guys friends.
Dear Carla, ILOVE YOUR FANFIC GIRLIE. WE read each others(: heh. We talk mor than I talk to some of the ICONiacz on here LOL. Love, Tatsiana
Industrious/industrial day: lots of writing, Meat Beat Manifesto, and Wax Trax! Black Box
Perk & Ibaka aren't ready for Bynum & Gasol!! Not if they play like they did tonight.. 💤👍👍👍👍
Agenda for Social Customer 2011 – June 23-24, 2011 in Chicago is set. Will be a fun event!
Everytime I think about the trying times in my life I hear God telling me it's going to get better! One more time ft
Very cool!!
We're huge fans!
#Pacers better win tonight!!!
I'm pretty good at learning how to do things. Show me or tell me once and I've learned it. I even have enough of a brain to figure out most
The votes have been counted and the results are in to our Brewers' Olympics! *drumroll please*
yeah huge idiot regardless
#3WordsForYou Kiss My Ass.
You alright nigga?
love it!!
Those sapphire earrings! #EarringEnvy RT : Award-Worthy Jewelry, featuring , and MORE!
Final 5 shows, you guys! RT : Tonight: seeing You Are In An Open Field.
Absolutely ! Thanks for sharing the opportunities!
you're a life saver
It's okay...You can "Like" me...I don't bite...not Fatally anyway...Lol!
I need to plan a trip, gotta have something to look forward to!
Good thing you got on then, :)
yea brother! I'm doing well. U?
Introducing students to #MelissaHarrisPerry . Clip I'm using has similar topic to #JaySmooth clip . I wonder if reactions will be the same?
Programming commission error getting worked out. Also credit merchant changed for better rates. Launch moved to the 20th of Dec or sooner.
it sure is . . . I am excited for it to start, I've already watched all of the pre-work videos!!!
so proud of the mayor.
wussup wit it boo
totally cliche but Boston is one of my favorite songs period
c'mon brittany step up your game. Just make a phone call upstairs! Lol
Thanks for the questions. Hopefully we'll do it again soon.
Live blog is done 12 hours + 52 minutes to go. Not gonna lie today's games were rather disappointing, my bracket didn't help.
yes perfect
Geraldo: "You cannot rehabilitate the hoodie."
“: finna spend my night wit my cousin she is so damn gorgeous!” THANKS MY LOVE!! ;)
Just finished dinner now some couch time with my baby :)
The U.S. Department of Justice is reportedly in the early stages of an antitrust inquiry into Apple's digital retail music business.
so effing good......ugh!!
Beyonce = awesome cover-letter writing music.
thanks for the shout out! :) esp. appreciated by a long-time devotee -lisa
Take care of yourself.
It takes a dedicated team to accomplish what I'm tryin to do. Patience is a virtue, but its time to work right now. #2Hungry right now...
T.G.I.F. Who needs a cocktail?
canadians are too polite, can't have a proper argument
Tune in Sunday at 9AM and download the Live 365 app! RT Low key sad I missed #PrettyProgessive I was in class
The first five days after the weekend are always the toughest.
Right. Issue is when you goto conferences with limited plugs it's easier and proper etiquette to use extension to not block ports.
Makin flan de leche for spanish class its a caramel custard anyone know a good recipe ??
cause I think everyone could hear us. (x it's when were silent that makes it suspicious.
aw how come?
just sent you one back
I also hear sword fighting is back in...
are you hinting at something?! hahah
That's. Awesome.
Obama budget would stop subsidized loans to students at 150% of enrollment time. Wonder if that would really help?
Thanks for the follow ! How long until you offend me?
Ouch! RT Will do everything in my power 2 stop from raising taxes on working families, small business ppl & investors
RT if you're still awake!
if u get jammed up, DONT MENTION MY NAME!
My stomach HURTS for laughing so much this morning. It actually feels like Friday!!
Mfs stay on the Heat head... Like they opinion matters. *smacks lips / rolls eyes
you too!!
America's Got Talent 👐
hey are we gonna go?
end of June! I'll be in colo springs!
Big THANK YOU to for joining us today. Clark, is a must read...must follow, NFL insider. Hope to chat again soon Clark!
haha, just connected through the marvelous world of twitter :) Greer, I miss you! I'm plotting a Clifftop return...
Cleaning with a bottle of #MarkWest love me some vino
That gotta suck.... And whyt is it?
Dudes that brand themselves online and follow their passion through blogging.
Dorian's in Canada and i'm stuck here studying for finals. What kind of sick joke is this?
2 5's on number 5. Now onto a 235 par 4 into the fan.
we leave for two minutes and you guys start doing the fun stuff
It's be young niggas who make me sick
Rockets won, fun show. Good day sir.
Out of all the tremendous blessings in my life, one of the greatest blessings is YOU.
Beat 15,000,000 then come talk to me.
we just need to fight -.- lol
How come all fine bitches think they model... like foreal thats a talent or is it a excuse to not get an education
I don't regret anything just wished I made wiser decisions
I thinks its safe to flip to wrestling....no way the #RedSox can blow this.....right?
Horrible stomachache!!!
I will!
Savannah & Jared are beating us on cuteness. We have to step up our game, babe.
we're featured in the iTunes newsstand as "New and Noteworthy", and "Staff Pick" in the Apple App Store!
": I wonder if we'll still know each other when we're older" This is the thought thats been on my mind lately.
Sorry. Just needed to let that out.
Join us next week for a free public program. Thurs 1/12, 7 pm - Illustrated Lecture Terry Castle: Inside or Outside? Collecting Outsider Art
": have a safe drive" I will...thx mama!!!
try creating a folder, put the docs in the folder, then share the folder.
And big ups to Association for the EXCELLENT music panel this morning. Glad I made it to this one.
Get quotes for auto motorcycle, ATV, RV, homeowners, renters, condo, mobile, home, flood, boat, umbrella, life, and commercial insurance. !
yayayayayay! You are a lucky man! She is a lucky girl!! Yay!
follow.back
I had a fashion dream! And it starred in a smashing dress!
Praying for Jonah
Great job on your speech at the Fight for Freedom dinner tonight.
do you have gum, by any chance?
the #Orioles bullpen ERA has been Berken'd
2 sub-goals of this VA visit: 1.) Mosberth's Chicken and 2.) Buy the best peanuts on God's grey earth. (and ship some to again)
Just heard that Heartland Institute is funded by Koch to further the "research" on climate change...by research I mean to undermine science.
Real Housewives of Atlanta marathon on Bravo today!
Glad to know you☺
Liam's on station north soft opening, tomorrow stop on by!
i know you aren't pat. just don't say that to girls, show them instead lol
hi big brother
its looking more like curation than writing nowadays
at the at the same time, you attract what you project..talking about drugs and murder lands you dead or in jail
hey!!! please follow me :)
I don't have a lot of patience for the "willingly stupid." I, too, am better behind the scenes. I make calls/write. Daily.
.okay, I'm finally getting sleepy..
Thanks Rob!
Hey, let us know if you ever have a customer appreciation day! We'd love to help you feed your peeps!
I'll be honest, my greatest achievement today was actually getting out of bed.
I think it's just a membership pitch. Aren't they announcing the lineup on like the 16th or 17th or so?
am looking forward to the 30day bonus!
2 hrs of sleep isn't cuttin it for me at work i stay in a constant daze
The Suns lead the Spurs 88-84 with 8:12 left. The Suns' Steve Nash has 8 points and 7 assists. Shannon Brown leads the Suns with 21 points.
I can't tell if she did it or not
maybe i need to move there?
My #weekendread is My Mother She Killed Me, My Father He Ate Me: Forty New Fairy Tales. And homework! Lots of homework.
So true: life changed for me Thur w/ a fellowship w/ ! RT Remember: life can change in a day. Stay positive!
I dont think that would be any better....
I understand relationships has its bumps in the road but I can't stand when ppl say "relationships are suppose to be hard". -_______-
RT : Im done w/ ALL drama , im letting EVERYTHING that ever happened GO . Life is too short to dislike anybody in my life
when unsure what to listen to I fall back to the Contemporary Singer-Songwriter station on Pandora, always plays something I'll like.
Better picture please
“ Behind every successful woman is HERSELF.”
Easton the 27th with my family  After Christmas shopping ! #cantwait (:
Dear cupid, next time hit us both.
Thumbs up, girl!
have you guys heard the new song #The Sound of a Million Memories? Love it!
hey buddy, anytime! Get at me soon we'll drink it up!
Sabbath is the highlight of my week . Thank you #Lord !
JP Morgan Chase has lost 19 Billion dollars in value since Friday ... glad I skipped that stock purchase ... :l
Eek, I'm loving it so far!
is now the longest-running QAM for #kohails. Gets round of applause, which made him blush.
Get Online
i had a glass of cereal...and a bowl of milk...:)) ur turn to do something wierd and unusual..teehee
How about Donkey Hotey from Mr. Rogers?
that's what I think imma get! Ha
lol it's not like I'd do you niggas' laundry. like "WHO THE FUCK BLED ON STAGE LAST NIGHT!?" "EW WHY IS THERE WHITE STUFF"
ill never get tired of saying this.. I FREAKINN LOVE <3
I'll be sure 2 check out those videos. There's not much going on at work right now I could use something 2 pass the time lol
thanks for the mention you made our day :)
I feel like I always have issues with Hopefully this will be the last occasion I have to use it!
NEW VIDEO IN 0 MINUTES!!!:D :D :D
The significance of catching a grenade and bringing me a chocolate covered strawberry are pretty much interchangeable in my mind.
I hope kendall here and look at me I love you
Be a great listener. Take a step back & actually hear what your partner has to stay, & keep your two-cents to yourself.
RT : & I are thrilled; This Friday's #MKElikemind = on SM in Egypt, etc...
Played basketball 2day and ate some ribs
...any (biological &/or adopted) child of mines.
Describe what it's like Hosting your Radio Show during the Week?
Precursor to wedding. Oldschool cocktails with and ali at ranstead room in philly.
Ultimate WarriOrange Juice
Reading materials for our 2011 Summer Institute for Teachers were mailed to three teachers in Poland who are sponsored by the U.S. Embassy.
is a gr8 gym w best rates in the city. $25 off computer repair for card carrying 12th St Gym members!
needs to come back to san antonio texas. They haven't been back since what happenedat boozle, san antonio needs atl love too!
It has to do with how someone feels.
well same here jus thee opposite :)
So, you didn't need that med soon or anything, did you?
Today im off the #ActRight so get yo act right.
Also, animals like to be eaten.
it sounds like it. Based on Bo's response, he just wants a reasonable explanation TO the school..
Reflections on Life by Rev. Sue: Whose kitchen table can you picture?
Have you gotten clean for a good cause today? 5% of all of our sales go to Project Transitions! Come on in!
Just met with the people who run the Diamond Empowerment Fund. Thanks for the bracelet guys
YOU BEST START WAKING UP MISTER!
My ears are still ringing... :(
welcome! Let me know if I can be of assistance in any way.
I'll be there Sunday too
I sent out a call for day O sound through Jim Cummings - it is being posted on the WFAE and ASAE list serves.
no in the car seat is jabril , alaina is in the house pictures
WOW! We've got a lot of new friends over the last few days. If you didn't already know we specialize in greek, organization & event apparel!
Ad spotted on a billboard: "Don't you wish your boiler was hot like me?"
love your music
See? I missed my run today. THAT may just be the root of today's evil!
Happy Mommy Day ladies!
These parallel convos were fun to wake up to.
New strategy for when I have to eat McD big breakfast: mix hash-brown with egg brick.
Happy Easter! Don't forget our Easter bottle hunt going on until tomorrow at noon PST! Good luck.
It's lame compare to the DC ADVENTURE TIME!
thank You Monster.!! <3
Irvin was arrested after his pro day...nuff said...stupid pick
awesome! I love ! :)
true...the director/writer could have gone brighter thou and had same affect and better financial result for film.
Let the countdown begin ... 100 days until Olympic Opening Ceremonies!
Don't u just hate when u skip a good song on accident...dammit pandora
Go I inside more use our big men
how is nickelback still a thing?
Triple Overtime baby!!!! Lets Go Rangers!!
its an awesome day here at girard,thx to youthbuild,sat.environ.academy, vol corps, &lots of neighbors!
I dont dislike any females. Anybody I hate are guys! Fuck them niggas.
facebook marketplace is very slow...
srsly...I know I would too.
gotta spend some money on Overdrive books. NOW! what fun!!
I don't even understand myself, I act without thinking then I regret my decision..i won't make it in life like that
I officially hate oral surgery
Getting ready to go camping!
Note to grads: "I am positive because of YOU and your generation on campus." -FH
Websites do not use #SSL for every request, except #webmail services like gmail, since the extra #computation makes serving more expensive.
mine to i think
No problem.(:
You can tweet Rihanna, but not me? I mean, I mostly understand that. But bitch, I know you.
Finally my little nigga is home >
Welcome! See you in the library! RT Orientation 2011 starts tomorrow! Looking forward to meeting some new transfer students
i'd rather they just shop for me... RT : And they can wash your car while you shop !
kobe dont care what ppl say where as lebron doesnt want 2hear negative things, thats why he vanishes in the last secs of games
Really annoyed with certain people.. Be grateful I'm still here smfh
sweet baby jesus
I would rather discover one scientific fact than become King of Persia.
-_- you mean iron girl! ;)
dang. Hope you're able to convince them to let you keep it in!
NC State - #NCSU Wolfpack is trending all over the world ! This is weird.
dammit faddah...there's stuff in my eyes now! A lot of stuff! Seriously though, thank you. That meant a lot to me :)
yum, thanks!
Air pollution 'kills 13000 a year' says study - Nursing Times
Running at the park :)
I herd there's a world tour you guy's will be doing???? Is it ture… if so… I'm so going!!!!
Yep, and it was the Mother of one of my daughter's friends. Pick up at school tomorrow should be interesting.
No biggie follow back! T : thanks for the follow
Have you ever tried setting aside a day where you spent NO money? It's not as painful as it sounds.
I have a feeling on the last day of school..everyones tweets will be summer...!!!!! great
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four-hour days - Zig Ziglar
Wow, Duke and Memphis maybe out but at least Missouri, my birth state, is still in it. Who would have guessed March would be like this? B.B.
Excited for my interview today! If you're ever in #jobsearch slump, remember that there are infinite opportunities that pop up unexpectedly.
Girls with boyfriends are the kind I like, I'll steal your honey like I stole your bike
I think one of my favorite things about Thanksgiving is seeing cars with families inside <3 woo family.
Get your resumes in tip top shape TONIGHT at our resume workshop at the campus center rm. 148! Come to impress!
Love you little brother with your old, wise eyes.
My kingdom for a can of Static Guard.
Because they are always pissing an moaning about other people and their invisible friends.
You can never be afraid to fail! Let the entrepreneurial spirit inside each and everyone of us be free. Next acquisition Insha'Allah ?.
Counting down to "Something To Do On A Wednesday Til You Get Really Famous Night" with
please follow me :) thanks! Ning
I think I'm stuck searching for Music artist I could use for my show tonight. There's nothing else to do really. *shrugs*
MT Google’s D.C. head talks female leadership cc
"The room got as quiet as if a needle had been lifted off a record." -- William Lindsay Gresham, NIGHTMARE ALLEY
hey there sunshine, how's ptown? How long are you here?
This time last year, I was building a potato launcher with for AP Physics...Oh the wonders of hairspray and lighter fluid.
nigga basically said he not burning now but he was burning then ol usher as nigga Kera it burn
The Hand of CROM sketchblog is updated. Go check out some ideas floating in my head. www.steveknerem.blogspot.com
"The truth is a virus"
I've noticed that when you dance you always do that one dance move with your fist going up & down. Haha :)
She Want u...but i got u
How to recognize the call? // RT Are you driven or called? There's a vast difference.
Lisa kudrow's The Comeback has got to be one of the funniest shows I've ever seen
The employees at Chili's and Applebee's need to have a death match. The world does not have room for both Shitbag restaurants.
Having the money to afford fashion doesn't mean you have style
Feels weird to be single after 5 years of being taken... sucks that he could end it all so quickly. Seems surreal... time to cowboy up.
any update on the video, how's the green screen working?
Just spent a few hours w/ Noah & some friends sending paint balls down range. Great time. I highly recommend Gorilla Paintball in FL.
Happy Easter! Hope everyone gets stoked out on Jesus and/or Peeps today!
Thanks to Matthew Dwyer for backing Gears!
Unless someone hits me with something absolutely monumental, I won't just copy verbatim.
RT : Hunter Cervenka has some velo but control issues and not much secondaries. Fringy guy, not even related to Exene.
Dinner time is about to begun. Are you ready for the fun and great deal for everyone?
OH If anyone can Tweet from the afterlife it will be Steve Jobs
Omg its getting so low
Mild success with our week one picks... have ya seen the video yet?
Today is the last 2-4-1 Tuesday in August - make your appointment now!
I live for the day the Christmas Pageant can have crustaceans!!
Tara Reid didn't really get married? You wiley party girl you.
If you give me a billion dollars, we can fuck.
2012 film watching #8. Play Time (1967). This film just puts me in a good mood. The blu ray from Criterion is gorgeous!
My coworker almost got my Bible up side her head for trying to hold a convo w me and I was CLEARLY praying.
I'm doing it for the stickers
Got me a summer job!
Picking Ohio to make it to the sweet sixteen >>
#MindBlown RT : ray allen missed a free throw???
#lxml text_content() method grabs the text, ignores nesting
bore day like always on twitter
Lin is the greatest player ever.
Christopher Schäffer, SPHR-CA, CPP, NOVA & Dulles SHRM member, is apptd to SHRM's Total Rewards/Comp &Benefits Special Expertise Panel.
Y u show no love ?
I partially take that back. Would be cool if ONLY the finale was found footage. It would add an immediacy to it.
haha thanks! Quick FYI, your beating be by quad digits in check-ins. I gotta get back in the game!
It's really hard trying to force myself to eat at 5:30-6am before work when I'm just not that hungry this early.
I'm sick to my stomach. 6 seconds. Carlson is soft. How the hell does that happen?
I hear RBNY are going to get him, him coming doesn't excite me at all, rather a old striker/midfielder than old def player
Group of us stay there and play every year in June. Really enjoy it.
I want to do a diaper drive in October or November. I need some help from other groups.
oh. Well.. You know how I am.. I get jealous.
Everybody thinks of changing humanity, and nobody thinks of changing himself ~ Leo Tolstoy.
I miss you to bro
I still support my team...only now I know how you've been feeling all these years staying loyal to a sucky team....
Common Ground – Kansas Climate and Energy Project
I'm the tongue-tied librarian from NOLA.
It's time! Power Rangers Samurai is on RIGHT NOW!!! RT -
they stopped so im good lol
Seriously considering having a garage sale with all the clothes I don't want in my room right now
Sitting by a nice fire on a chilly evening, being mesmerized by the PBS show "National Parks". Feeling blessed, hopeful and ambitious. :-}
If we didnt have a movie date tommorow id think u were lien 👿RT : lol , I 💙 you too !
Agreed. #Cuse needs to fire their NCAA compliance guy. But we've still got a great, deep team and we'll have a good run.
I think so. Anecdotally, 80+ does not combine well with falls and breaks. Probably can back that up with research...
Are there people out there who actually enjoy doing work, or is productivity a social construct towards which some are just more inclined?
The e-book announcement is lighting fires under some asses.
and URAA will lead to benefits to (c) owners (I doubt it, and any that come are truly marginal). On the other hand . . .
Yeah, it keeps 'unfollowing' people and my friends keep asking, Did I do something to unfollow me? I've lost pics too :(
FYI: Youngblood has a new mailing address... PO Box 1850 Milwaukee, WI 53201 Now you know where to send the checks. :)
SUMMER PASTURE is a unique love story of Tibetan nomads as their way of life gives way to modern world. On MPTV 36 at 10.
your welcome!
But Jehovah had no respect for Cain or his offering, which enraged Cain, hurting his pride.
which part?
Get to Louis!
But a computer is jus a stupid mechine without any real substance...it really needs ME to b special...
Vegas, oh how I hate you right now
if u looking for late night craving? Visit
I guess that makes friendster the atlantis of social media...
good and chill day even though i missed the car show
you have to go to richmondy events to get a RVA sticker. They will prolly give them out at riverrock ... ???
Video production is a skill of creating a content, carrying out the video editing and finally polishing that video to craft a finished.
Got my printer back from being fixed-(so I was told) and it still won't work right. Now I"ll be at least a week without a printer. Dammit!
come to providence and play DGAF!
thanks Leanne. Will do
So happy with my life. I actually love you. #somuch <3
Ugh these fucking Green Worms Is Getting On My Nerves
#Kforce is hiring a Sr. Java Developer who can produce scalable Java & Scala services from product requirements & designs...
Fiscal.responsibility is 4th priority. Must talk about pension security.
If you're not getting a 'yes' then you're not getting enough no's. Keep smiling.
I C YAL GOING HARD KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
i seriously think zayn might have worn mascara before. pictures of him from ages ago just make it look like he has eyeliner/mascara on.
Coming to NY in May & June. Can I stop by Etsy's office and meet your team? Email andrew [at] simplegeo.com if you wanna set it up
No worries Simon, great sound
Gah He's On To It .
What's the point of a high school reunion? I have Facebook. I already know you got fat.
oh wow, full house! Good for you. Drink a cup for me, wouldja? All out here and my roommate is a... *shudder* TEA DRINKER.
For testing the bodymedia fit you will get to keep it afterwards. Please message me if you want it
I got #OKC winning
hand that boy some kettle bells or a TRX. Ok, maybe just medicine ball throws.
meant "hookers" because they are hanging on hooks, not because of their profession. It's a storage issue.
Rio De Janeiro Stripping Away &#39;Visual Pollution&#39;
Loving the rain :-)
I am tired, but ready for tomorrow!
I can't believe Michael was bumped from the top five by Mason… Mason? Seriously?
I live for myself not yall so what you think really don't matter
Boo allergies
My favorite! RT Did I put the Beastie Boys' "Girls" on 's wedding mix? You're damn right I did.
Georgetown, Louisville, Marquette all beg to differ.
Keep it up, Rich! Pedal power!
Best of luck 2 our volunteers 2day! looking 4 your dream gown, we hope u find ur lucky charm!
waving hello early to everyone @ #blacklitchat. is special guest tonight. Welcome!
thanks for the mention.
Niall: Cute & Irish. Liam: Sexy & Smart. Harry: Hot & Dangerous. Zayn: Quiet & Mysterious. Louis: Funny & Adorable. <TRUE💜💚
Thanks for all the RTs today
You have a remarkable background as a healer. I'm happy to now be connected with you.
don't forget the x factor: luck. It's only .5% of the equation but you can't reach the top without it.
My mom. Said jinxx was hot. Holy fuck.
RT : #Aquarius are known to have high sex drives....
I bet you look great with curls!
It's like a clown car w/ all of the gang crammed in Annie's office. And 4 more ppl still to come. Festive.
my friends can be soo funny!!=)
why no contacts? Oh come on now I'm sure ya look great!! :-)
I cant tell u wats good but I can tell u wats up...
thank you for the cold food, fifteen minute wait for coffee, lack of care from the servers, and the disregard for customers
Good morning, good night. xo
its not here its cool
"You don't screw the roommate agreement! The roommate agreement screws you!". - Dr Sheldon Cooper
fuck the swoosh gang
WHEN IN DOUBT, FREAK 'EM OUT!
yooo man whats up. Keep making dope music. We should collabo
ill see you monday at 6
If you still don't believe that the War on Women is real, watch Rachel take on Alex Castellanos on #MTP. WOW. What an asshole he is.
Is it considered odd to hug ur cleaning lady because I really would like to hug mine right now. Anyone living w/a hoarding MIL will relate
Have a great seminar. Want your impressions. Dana - El Cajon
Towson town center u always amaze me...
By the way, you are extremely late !! Lol!
thank you for ur help. U helped windfall raise a good amount of money :)
Yes Home at last :D
Hey nice to see you on Twitter. Love recording at the Hatch.
People be trying to trick me into becoming a monitor tech. Wtf assholes?
Rush Limbaugh outraged that he's just learning what was actually in the preface of Obama's book in 1995.
I miss you to <3
. Kirk Cameron is a fucking idiot
nothing at all!!! your welcome. :)
Trying (desperately) to figure out how to sign up for your San Francisco event this Saturday!
Football, Brunch, and Endless Mimosas!! Sounds like a pretty good Sunday Funday to me!! Big City Tavern... Best on the Blvd!! ;-))
I hate it when your boys sit around and brag about all thier girls , keep your shit to your self brah
I think Travis Ishikawa just made in his pants.
Make sure you check out my #NCAATourney Breakdown at majorleaguesportstalk.con
Wash. uses emergency cash to curb whooping ... - 247 Health News
Happy Mother's Day.... and my birthday, and I was the firstborn. My mother's first mother's day was a paradox.
All about my dough but I don't even check the peephole
Tv muted.. dont want to hear about Sttasburger ..
Don't front nigga you know you want these goodies RT : Yeah see i don't like your balls! Your not my type! Lmao
Starting off right #greatservice!
Photoshoot today and it starts to rain- Seriously LA, like right now?
#CLE is winning! Going into the 6th.
lol oh I get it now
Everything you do, is super duper cute and I cant stand it.
don't forget Excalibur tonight for one off
sounds like something a phillies bullpen member would say
Ian Stewart WEB GEM
Fuck you bitch
Ok cool. Thx!
How's everyone doing today?
oh gosh, you've joined Twitter. This is bad. lol. but idk what to tell you! I can say that you suck so far with 0 followers! haha
Jeri is designing the worst pinball machine ever on Visual Pinball.
bro you can always txt me if you need someone
Welcome to the party! Better late than never...
Be sure to follow the Twitter to my upcoming action film which starts production in a few weeks.
we could do midland!! Is Mcnett working?
If you need more than 256GB, you can always store video and photos on an external SSD.
Beautiful day in New England! Time to enjoy the city before the big game.
I EVEN KNOW Some GAY People saying it's wrong for Gay Marriages and it's all about the Money they told me, What a Scam!!
I hate you.
yeah lol they went to like couples counseling with Tracy and her boyfriend Corey:)
Let’s Go Bowling tomorrow!!! The joy of playing a sport in a cool air conditioned facility.What could be better?Check the HFC` calendar
Love your user name, great sense of humor.
thanks bro! But you're young, I started at 19 ha.
Just go with it . <3
I think fell asleep on me :( but it's okay! He had a long day! He was up early haha :)
Smh get off my twitter now! Lol
Great, looking forward to meeting you too!!
the M&M's are okay though 😌
Congrats! Just saw you hit over 40k followers! Does this mean sale in your shop?? Also, hooray for CA.
why would someone pay double the price it costs? no thank you.
Who's know what's the name of Justin In the app viddy.?
obligation smashion ;P
Control your bitch. Her vagina is flopping everywhere.
Today is officially KATE KLEBES & KACIE HOFFMAN Day. They kick ass, are consistently hard workers, & 2 of the cutest people I have ever met.
Bitches always falling inlove never accomplishing there own dreams.
greatest idea ever, state of KY vs state of NC doubleheader, alternating years between UL/UK and UNC/Duke... this has to happen!!!
Guns N' Roses “Live and Let Die” is older than Paul McCartney’s '73 original was when GNR covered it in '91.
Ur going to the wrong school then? Lol
Decided to write another 200 words on the novel for the hell of it. That brings the day's total to around 1100. Who's the woman?
2 More Songs in the works written by Fitz and Ryne with some musical credit going to J. Moskowitz
If I hadn't worked a 17 hour day on set I would have voted for you!
Half of my grade is going into nursing or education for the most part..I wanna be different haha
I guess flowers need to make whoopie too but enough with all the dang #pollen already!!! I hate
bleh im thinking bout getting my tongue pierced just cuz idgf anymore
was kidding
I WANT TO TRY THAT! :)
Sure, How would you want me to help?
Pandemic Films has just made a huge upgrade
One rule I must learn to live by: CHARGE YOUR PHINE EVERY NIGHT.
It's not always Malick's thing. But Kubrick is one of the greatest and most moving film storytellers in my book.
Professional Door PaintingArticle Directory Blog - hinges door
Committee member and president Joey Kopriva delivers the student address
draft day? Worked out well for you! Happy you're in pdx
Someday I'm going to be a famous marketer... They have famous marketers right?
and finished recording Episode 001 at RandomDistribution and check it out!!!! www.randomdistribution.com
Rainy day here in Kipling again. We've certainly have had Spring weather this year!
Working on making custom double sided game counters.
1356: You're gorgeous!! Tweet me sometime(:
Thanks for reading :)
Money's only important when you don't have any
Inspired by I not only talk to the cookie dough but write "I love you" on containers. Call me a hippie. Totally cool w/ me.
Tonight LET'S GO! poker battle round 2 after?
putting sites together . advertising for bigmala.com ... watching tv :)
Date night with Kimberly Swedelius Photography. SO overdue.
DEFINITELY! RT ": The Spurs are without question the most under appreciated team in all of professional sports."
he was a second round pick
As of yesterday we had 1 table at 5 & 1 at 9. Othrwise yes. RT : HEY R U sold out 4 Valentine's Day?
I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back ~M. Angelou
”The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” - Chinese Proverb
Your pillow weighs 10 pounds? Why do you stuff it with, rocks?
I am new to the Twitterverse but am looking forward to connecting with tweeps (especially youth) who are interested in theatre and acting.
It ain't over though!
all of them!!! (but gamification, engagement and rwd when used buzzword style seem the worst right now)
The THIRD margarita is what makes it an award-winning video...
"Bless" you, lol! We still have Wednesday!
Ha...I know chicks that drain the stash NOW..and they dudes not NFL o_0. What? You wasn't "putting up for a rainy homeless day"
Loves that Leonard Nimoy was on hand when the US Shuttle Enterprise "landed." Way to tie pop culture into STEM! (Sci, Tech, Engi. Math)\!
Fri Dessert: Blueberry Turnover with Cinnamon Ice Cream
~ TRULY diggin on your music....Thanks SO much for making it! I appreciate the follow :) Blessings...
No. All of them are amazing. ♥
You received without cost, now give without charge.
A horse is the projection of peoples' dreams about themselves - strong, powerful, beautiful - and it has the capability of giving us escape…
I'm on my way sexy!
We're working on new labels, formulas and pics for the website....stay tuned it will be on the website soon!
