If you can hide that, I wonder what else you can hide.... Hmn
ipod on, tanning oil done, now imma tan and relax by the pool;)
I want to hear something.. YouTube ? ?
Ya'll it's hot down here' in Tennessee but we are beating the sun with ac and sweet tea. There are a bunch of photos from recent gigs on fb
on Monday.... On Wednesday op no Friday wait wait no Tuesday
oh my god parkour classes? where can i find that information/who can i get in touch with about attending a class??
I hope I do good in the NFL. I want to see people wearing my jeresy lol
#truthis tht will never notice me :'/ ive been trying over a year 2 get him 2 notice me
We need Olu now.
I hate feeling like this.
If you truly love someone, then the only thing you want for them is to be happy....even if its not with you
Me too. Both counts.
You were great! :)
5 min until new life changing information! More energy, focus with new info, why and how to live life on your terms! 712-451-6000 322085#
Let's put it this way- "I can make some extra $ without any effort on my part? Sounds good."
m pillsbury dough sounds so fluffy and delicious!
Gah, no, I wish! I totally missed out on seeing the Justins, Timberlake and Bieber. Are you at #CES?
But I'm not even tired
You asked for it, we delivered: We're planning an official Xtreme Trampolines Dodgeball Tournament. More details tomorrow!
It makes sense in most of SD fire agencies. Most don't have civilian PIOs.
Please give me the direct website to purchase your book. I can not find it : (
If the fish was alive I can see the point. But even as a vegetarian, this seems ridiculous!
Liberals are only tolerant to liberals. Symptom of collectivist hive mind.
“: Women are the devil.” only if you have NO game....
#SalvationArmy operates in 15 countries in Africa besides #Uganda! Offering job training, building schools & a myriad of other services.
trollop is my personal favorite
bill walton giving IU shout out!
follow me back!
Mass Effect 3: you are buggy. I'm gonna buy you though. In fact and I are buying a 2nd Xbox for co-op.
Sleep Tight Twitter!
out of this country...
Every calling is great when greatly pursued. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Windows 7: seemingly benign when you don't have to interact with it; utterly dysfunctional when you do.
Thx!!RT : good win tonight but I'm still down with my man Parham and the Birds but good luck on the rest of the season.
Thank Fucking God. Tied.
Good morning #uppers & Thanks : Takeaway from first segment: Policy emerges from governing coalitions, not Presidents as humans
you're welcome! we had a blast too!
Can't believe my kid went swimming with sharks today - I love it! Thank you and !
I need coffee
hahaaha that's awesome. 219 if you run out of gummy bears and need some sugar lol
You are in a mood today. Hope all is all right....
I talked to my Dad this morning, before he flew to Guatemala to spend two months with his friends and extended family. I miss him already!
My 3G network is faster than the free WiFi at this hotel.
RT : RT : It's sad when the people who gave you the best memories, become a memory.
I'm short term long on the #EURUSD and the #AUSUSD .
Check out our main website. www.nuvoh2o.com/social See how our systems condition your water with citrus and not salt!
Thanks :D
i'm sitting next to this girl lindsei ASSIGNED
not at the moment. will let you know. : )
Thx for the RT's!! Hope y'all have been enjoying your weekend, so far :-)
I get distracted from homework to easily
Funny lady Lisa Ann Walter will be on my show talking bout her new book Wed 5.25 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Listen -in
Ugly ppl on thos bus right now
The Civil Heretic came from moi. Since I read his writing on the origin of life, he has been my favorite living scientist.
Fox football guys will play #whosgonnalose in one hour. Pick both playoff games today and tweet results here. 2-0 Sat w/ Ind & NO
": So I guess in the middle of the 5th inning they sing Deep In The Heart of Texas here. Ok." You sing along?
It's resume time. With an accent over the e at the end. Gah.
IS IT CAUSE OF JUSTINS SHIRTLESS PHOTOSHOOT? OMFG i was dead
I wanna post a picture so bad of my friends Easter gifts but they'll see it:(((
are you Alyssa'ing again or are your texts not working
Never let fear of rejection or the unknown stop you from going after what you want. Be brave! Take risks and never give up!
That was the right call....but I don't like it.
Would totally fall to my death when I woke up in the middle of the night to go take care of business...
yes I am too lol,and yeah I'll ask my mom about it:)
Damn I miss my homie.
Fox 12 news desk here. Can we talk to you today if you're in PDX?
Good game..atleast we ain't gettin blown out like most of yall said..
"Shaq is a big nigga he owe me money but if he don't give it 2 me der is nothing I can do about it" - Michael blackson #lmao!!!😂😂😂
what is unfortunate? I hope all is well. When I came across your tweet I was moved to respond
Whoa Brooklyn lets go!
regardless, if you don't want to pay for the service, don't ask someone to serve you. Get curbside takeout if offered.
My neighbor complemented me on my nice deck. She asked me if it was real wood. I told her it was real. She was impressed.
Why everyone goin to bed early 
Blake griffin still sorry
Instructions: Get the duct tape, tape the fish up, stab the magnet into the fish and put the fish inside your PC.
Two Fifty Tuesday! Regular Beef and Polish Beef $2.50. Peanut Butta Brownies
Rooting for Houston tonight. Sorry , I need them in the playoffs, haha.
Woaaaahhh Amber Is The Color Of Your Energy
Yes! Def! I was bummed I could not make it to the last YP meeting. Coffee/Lunch/Dinner ASAP?
I think needs to update his profile photo to reflect the new slim him 40lbs lighter! Way to go Jeff=)
We all want to be wanted and darling you got me wanting you...
Already, Im wondering what my "thing" would do to u if he ever meet up w/ you ;)
Hi and this tweet is to introduce you guys :)
yes because nobody is doing anything to help them
“ Just made THE coolest thing.... but you'll have to wait to see the tutorial on ”
#military #discount 15%off ALL ORDERS Just use promo code "Freedom 15" checkout www.1800anylens.com "Seeing is Believing"
Let's see how this works out
p.s i miss and love you! xoxo
"Act responsibly, respectfully and ethically at all times." Yeah, not gonna happen. Sorry.
true . But he's my idol, i love him . And when i meet him again i'm dressing up like him.<3
Tempura Udon and some California Rolls Sounds so good right about now... Friday Hours 11am-12am Happy Hour late 10pm-12am
That is when all will know It is then so easy to show....
Great job on the weight loss!!
My #FourthMeal? Three fingers of Glenlivet, with a little bit of pepper... and some cheese
Call and order a banner today...mention this status...and get 50% off! Free design! 615-255-3825
Try a slice of our orange yogurt coffeecake --- moist yogurt coffeecake with orange zest!!!!
We are on the same pages. both great areas. Don't thinkso, but will always be a frequent visitor.
of course. It's a legitimate profession. He saves lives. #respect “: Ladies, could you seriously date a gynecologist?”
Two more #casting directors committed this week. Stoked.
Ya'll gonna fuck around turn me back into the old me
": If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. -Mother Teresa"
Just posted "Museum Exhibition Design, Part I, Fabrication", would love to hear comments and feedback !
RT : Iv always hated reggae..but few songs like "ur L♥√" and "hold u down" By Luciano,aren't so terrible after all.
Quote of the Week | Censorship, like charity, should begin at home; but unlike charity, it should end there.—Clare Booth Luce
I went to bed late last night & I'm real tired so I need a good nap right now. Peace ✌.
hah me too... I've given up on that thought. They dont exist no matter how hard you look.
as a mother myself this is your worst nightmare. Thoughts and Prayers to her, his children and the rest of his family. RIP Seau
#IWishYouKnew how I felt. I hope you get a taste of your own medicine soon.
Mercedes Mention:
That was too short.
Watching Sons of Guns with Viggle Wed | 6PM | Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
hold me closer tony danza
lakers so god damn sorry, and u so god damn ugly bruh
will you be at the franchises session in the ballroom? Would love to see you and say hi.
Real estate invest wisdom from Togni1: Is there any place within driving distance that you wouldn't go to at night? Start looking there
Fortune cookie message said: "The future looks bright." For once, I'm in agreement!
same here i cnt sleep at nights until like 2 maybe 3
Feeling good this week should get some miles in on the trails!
Marketers of content marketing who tweet "content marketing" are preaching to the choir that knows those words.
is going to bed :)
tap dancers RT : I would have been a member of the Rat Pack if I was alive in that era...too cool
Thank you all for the help! I'll link to them on Facebook. Now, get them on Twitter :)
C-Breeze
Exactly! It's too much! RT : the more I watch her, the more I can't stand her. She gives herself too much credit
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
You can be very right and very alone. (From Marieclaire mag.)
'Bout to be inspired by at #BiolaMediaConference!
Acura shoot in the Design District
so sweet!!!
Imma Just Keep Being Nice About It!
I yell at random people in hallways
seems like your having fun! I'm working late call you later.
I am so excited to see you in eight days, even if only for five minutes! #alliwantforchristmasisyou !
Good One!!!
feel your pain. Took me 20 trys to get a taxi to Space the other night.
He looked awful in those overtime periods...not like you lost to your instate rivals, when you were the favs to win the cup...
Sack numbers down overall? Any comment on # of holding calls?
no lie, ur a bitch in the best possible meaning of the term...
Amazing night with friends , , , DSP founders day today, IU game…perfect weekend minus soc theory
A day of worry is more exhausting than a week of work. ~ John Lubbock
Last day of this week
They wanna se me dead but I gave them dedication
RT“: They acting crazy at MOA I'm glad I'm off!!!”// Man I'm here now and people are going nuts..
yinz will love it! Have fun :)
i do.. u need jesus for sayin that shit nigga
“: I haven't seen it either & I just saw The Big Lebowski for the 1st time a couple days ago #embarrassed” what!
Just saw I Love You, Man - EXCELLENT!!!! BEYOND EXCELLENT movie.
we gotta step it up!
I hate when people be all in my business.
#fatindiebands Guided by Vices
It's a rainy morning in #Baltimore, and I'm happy because now I don't have to go to the car wash.
We are planning to launch one by the end of the week. Come to visit and talk! All about job search, employers. www.joborworker.com
I want to add some blue in my hair. so high school, but I think it'll look cute
How many LinkedIn connections do you have? 500+ is a nice start. Your profile should be at least as detailed as your bio on the firm website
Q: What sports event has been going on for the last six hours? My neighbor is starting to worry me. I am hoping it is sports-yelling.
Wow! Our first Twitter spam! We have truly arrived.
it did
I wouldn't normally be so squeamish, but this looked like SERIOUS mold. And now it's probably eating my insides.
I think imma shed a tear. There's still hope for you.
One need not look towards the heavens to find an angel for I have one here before me
hey sis what's new
& were awesome tonight in #FredTheShow :) GREAT JOB GUYS!!
thank you
Whose going to w me?
writing a paper on aristotle and watching the leaves grow
Jennifer Hudson pretty but so damn cocky
nope... But now we do have to dial area codes... That burns more calories
Go Longhorns! \m/
SUNDAY 10/31: Halloween Fest w/ Mozart Season, Let Live, Vessel, Conquering Rome, In Courage, Maritime Disaster & Fated Rivalry! DOORS @ 4PM
Do you think Tim Tebow has ever asked God for a "Hall Pass" before? Going to have a lot of free time to exercise those "demons" now!
Are we on the cusp of a second IT revolution? Thoughts on cyberinfrastructure & future of higher ed at
when will u come to nyc
Luis Hernandez has some interesting things to tell about the Penn. State scandal. Weds. night at 10pmCT
Thank you for your service ": Tks so much ! Being Afghanistan combat vet,means the world to me "
no one I dont think, maybe the guidence receptionist?
Who have black berry ?
Good morning world! What does your best life look like? What dream can you carve out today? Use your life wisely. Never waste a second.
But see man. I don't know. I shouldn't even be tripping about it. I mean I asked him to never talk to me again lmao
Staying busy here. Heading out early today to do some "team building" aka shooting skeet
Don't let dreams go to waste
hey derick is really upset and sad, and doesn't feel like face timing. How bout later?(:
Oh, yes! Rare book professionals from Worcester! "The heart of Massachusetts."
your telling me you wore it in public in the past?
Oh and the talk about me being beautiful doesn't really have to stop :))
“: We hope you will be Exec. Plt soon!”. Well i would if upud send me the get it fast email offer
Thinking of you and counting the days until we meet again.
#SometimesIWonder what happened to Earl Sweatshirt.
Working on Marcus Wiley Racing official website will let everyone I'll post the link, have some big things in the works for 2012
Buy our record at one of our shows and get it for 5$ or buy it online at www.fastcar.bandcamp.com hope everyone's having a relaxing Sunday!!
No but I heard SDSU had more players selected than USC and UCLA combined. Don't know if it's true though.
New Alert! check it out at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Loving the lineup for the Virginia Film Festival. Marx Brothers and His Girl Friday?! I may have to clear my schedule for this.
We have built our business one customer at a time. Thank you all for allowing us to serve you and your automotive repair needs.
its just a lot of the same stuff over and over again
and by #illstoptweetingnow i mean until after i flip flop and change my mind.
I wanna do something different with my hair tomorrow
I'm ready lets work!
::Scurries to ask daughter where to buy pot::
#thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral arrow to that knee jokes...
Slapping this al casino in Vegas its only rite.feel me.
I hope this year will be good for you too(:
Love your site, madam. It's been revamped since I last saw it!
never said that. Said different for players now then in past.
Fascinating panel discussion re: how info is synthesized btwn oral and literal traditions.
Yes we have made another leap. It's a used bookstore here in Lexington.
when you dropping a LP to feed da streetz
Follow our CEO to keep up with what’s going on in the sports world.
Almost made it a whole yr at this job before my 1st major coffee spill. Now my office smells like a Starbucks.
30 GB's of free storage at glidedigital.com - so cool!
Did you do it in the bucket? “: Really making progress on that bucket list! Throw up during an earthquake....check.”
Woke up to beautiful news, good morning my loves 😘
I didn't know you guys had Nate marquart
Stop making 3D movies Hollywood, we're all sick of them
Democracy is 2 wolves & a lamb voting on what to have for lunch. Liberty is a well-armed lamb contesting the vote. – Ben Franklin
Social media is now a job, but will become a skill. Great line from #Jay Baer
The original Nightmare on Elm Street...well done, sir. : )
Its everybody birthday today.
Lost today's negotiations. Now we go to war!
Alan Galey "Visualizing Variation in Premodern Books: The Case for Small Projects"
Alright we got a show in Nashville tommorow at 3rd and Lindsley at 6:00 p.m sharp. Who's gonna be there??
thank jesus for Incubus
Anna is snoring and twitching while she's taking her nap.
Just had a lovely time at dinner with my girl and her man. I really don't mind being the third wheel...I have such great friends:)
Golf in Shools starts today!
All vote numbers are unofficial and won't mean anything until a larger percent of the precincts report in. But it's fun to track.
: yes. I am the #MasterMixologist for the entire hotel. Quite a fun and busy job!!
can we just add the text??(:
We will be live tweeting and blogging from #NCAN all day. Make sure to follow!
I dont snitch I dont stalk I don't cosign fuckboyz. I get it in the only way I know how. Thats keepin it a million.
men with good intentions make promises,but men with character keep them. men with dignity and honor knows when to do the right things.Andres
#SoLoMo can expand horizon. Social brings discovery through most passionate users
Nice to meet you last night; thanks for coming in! - and thanks for the drink as well!
Playing West Lounge @ Hotel Angeleno tonight with Sherwood Sledge, Ryan Cross, Peter Buck. Sunset and 405, 9pm!
RT : The richest fifth of the world's people consume 58 percent of all energy used and 84 percent of all paper.
RT []: listen live on AM 1290 in Milwaukee. I'm live tweeting it, and Sachin from MKE Dems is on live.
this shxt is a flickin JOKE
You're telling me these kids are going to be college freshman??!!
That just made my night, couldn't be happier 😁
#yee we got to 50 followers! thats kinda good i suppose;) we did only properly start this lastnight!
msnbc late-night programming normally does the trick
is it cruise time yet??? So ready.... how u doing?
I'm sure your repellent views act as BC in your case.
so sad...I never have nor ever will cheat on someone I'm in a relationship with.
i can't imagine!! AH! beyond excited for you!! so good to hear! make sure & rub it in!
the pink leopard ones are amazing!!
It snows where you live? :oo
Just did!
Duke is our
City of Carlsbad, CA, is withholding solar construction details. We're engaged with them, though, to fix this problem.
you should use Lennons real quotes. he has enough to fill our feed w his brilliance. stop using his face for your agenda
yes please! 💋
mind me...just screaming for your attention...hahaha..b safe out there
Education podcast with , & What do we want education to be?
I'm 5 minutes into the first episode of Downton Abbey and I don't get it.
Always happy to be listed with
Just watched the segment from In a Pit With a Lion in small group this week and just drove by Einstein. Way cool!
Shocked that you felt it, too! We're in Va Beach -- had to have been an earthquake, right?!?
shred shred shred away
Dear Stomach, Please forgive me for the pain I am about to bestow upon the
do you like geese?
Bitches think its okay to be hoes cause they in another state, shit come around here with that shit.
wtf man, you came to tennessee and didn't even say what's up.
Hello move out the way ! HOE
Wrong! Can't block someone from walking on/paying. RT " But Penn State didn't block (Chambliss), which they could have"
If God doesn't answer your prayer, He knows you can handle it alone
I'm not sure if I fully understand your question.
The #Orioles beat the #Yankees again... Now I just need the #caps to make my evening!
This is interesting. #NFL so much for getting down.
Thanks for finding WW BRoy D Shirts!
I haven't wasted nearly enough time today.
BTW - is a fab resource for any biz to who need help on their brand elevator pitch. Great guy and very engaging.
I pray all is well with you and your family,,,,,,,,,,,,,
THE ROCK LOVES FRUITY PEBBLES !
Either way, championship pace. RT Sure, the Mets are 3-0, but their Pythagorean record is only 2-1.
nice RT“: #Austin you want to know the best places to eat anything between two buns? Follow ”
your like
no STEVE BLAKE, NO
You know what I did instead watching the red carpet last night? Disney movies on ABC Family. Lion King, Aladdin. ???? And I loved it!!
Sunny 71 degrees in the middle of Jan down south. Crazy! What's it like in your part of the world?
I like what I like.
yeah mos def hit me up on facebook and message me and we can exchange info :)
although a bit "degrading" but who cares? about 60/week night and 300+ on weekend nights
We tried Sinless #Margarita mix yesterday and it was out of this world! Only 5 calories per serving-ALL #NATURAL !
when you would impress girls with your foursquare skills
Taking a writing breaking. IClipping coupon getting ready for weekend grocery trip. Luv saving money so far saving 42.00 with coupon.
If you try to play me and I find out , i'll play you so hard you'll wish you never looked at me ....
#100,000 strong. Love the concept. Need federal oversight min standards and public reporting to keep Kids safe in China
HAH. Feeling pretty pleased with myself bc I managed to find what seems to be the ONLY tattoo/piercing place in all of DTLA (FYI 7th & Main)
It's Miles Davis case study day for me!
My moms room is covered with clothes & shoes u cant even walk on 1 side of the bed lol
The last episode of #LegendofKorra was so good, I had to watch it again before bed. Night all!
Last day at the Ranch for the year! We close at 2pm today, If you have pressing business, call us before then! 505-471-2261.
I get why youtube makes me watch commercials, but when I'm waiting to see a trailer, I'm watching a commercial to see a commercial.
It's amazing how much renewed energy you can feel after a new client falls in love with the shop! I'll take One-A-Day please!
lol ok,I think we gone be like on the fourth or fifth row
Everytime my moms phone rings I'm scared it's gonna be that call we don't wanna hear.
So - I'm in week 5 of #P90X - and I decide to start over with P90X+ WOW! Did Interval X Plus tonight. Bring it!
RIP RT Carl Beane, best known as man behind the microphone at Fenway Park, killed in single car crash in Sturbridge, Mass.
I love Glee... you love Glee... we should totally be girlfriends! :-) My names Marshall, nice to meet ya!
Can't pretend not to care
So what if the voting was rigged? Does it really matter?You can't turn back the clock. Be happy for the boyz now and their success.
that's what the open bar is for!
ps... it's tangerine
glad to have you stop by today Miranda, let us know how your experience was
Feel like I'm stuck in an episode of House but no Hugh Laurie w/ smart-ass quips. & no hospital stay. Tests say what's not wrong...
Now I'm curious about the balloons - they were inflated, but not floating. Maybe they add helium later? Use heavy weights?
#webmaster #search news: #Siri is poised to take Apple into #search -- see CNET article:...
On Android with IM+
I have confirmation that I have been cast in a feature film going in production this summer...
#erl12 ILS, discovery, ERM, sub agent all have knowledge bases that you're trying to link up on the title level
unclouded day in NOLA, Time to spin in red convertible, listen to FATS with megNOLA, yay mardi gras!
they all spelled ICONic Boyz wrong
Just check my work schedule and I work on Sundays 'til June 10th. That's a sin.
Well then, here's a Happy Early-Birthday to you!!!
Playing an Irish song in strings and I thought of (:
Hi friends -- Check out the account when you have a sec -- that's where I'm tweeting from these days.
awesome meeting you! Don't sit down!
great lunch today!
@ FIROfficial #thedruginmeisyou is amazing! Can not wait for the album in july
Digital DNA
wondering when the next earthquake will be?
GOODMORNING! Omg! When will it be the day you noticed me? D': Please!
facebook been started to suck
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I just got out of rehab yesterday
To not just use the original industrial techniques, but the original industrial equipment as well next time!
Westview Lady Wildcats Play South Medford for The Oregon State Girls 6A Basketball Championship @ 6:30pm Rose Garden!! GO CATS!!
Incredibly clutch by Matt Kemp. Game could be called any second tied at 1. #Dodgers badly needed a home run and he of course delivers
#sslive New system would recommend alternative drugs when doc filled out online prescription. Doc could take or decline suggestion
bored nothing to do
News of Saturn's demise just adds to the cold, grey and cloudy weather outside.
Smilers are radiating love on Twitter :)
proud to be an american
So corporations are people, but unions aren't? Hm
Very good job, and appropriately done Also, looks dashing in red.
Thank you!
WE WILL FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK IN THE MORNING ITS 03:57 AND WE'RE WATCHING NEVER SAY NEVER!:D. -leanne
Good morning Facebook fans. Stay tuned for our Wednesday Tip of the Week video with Guy Berger which will be up later this morning!
which one?
Hate when they show highlights for teams/players against shitty teams w/ horrible records... Show them kicking a$$ against real competition
sounds pretty good right now!
Spotted: a hipster too cool for the gym. He walked out of Holy Frijoles and started doing a set of pull-ups on a tree branch.
Uh oh, looks like Twitter undergoing changes. Oh well, Happy Birthday, Michael Jordan!
When has your fav gotten two tributes on the same show tho? HA
Playing in this skins game at #Belterra first time out this year
Love it: “: so cold in my office, i'm wearing a cream blanket like a cape and calling it "the gwyneth" #convenientexcuse”
Blog posts published around 11am tend to get the most views
Did Crystall practice?!?
"It'll workout". .yea, sure -___-
Illinois hotel favored by Capone for sale on eBay - Seattle Post Intelligencer
are you talking about 30 rock?
Record Audio: Practice technique/tone on the instrument today & record yourself before & after 10 mins practice. You'll be better!
Sad I missed out this time.
The GLAAD Awards in Los Angeles brought mega star power to the travelling media awards show with celebrities young and old lining up behi
Do* mother fucker -.-
Couldn't have said it any better!!
hello guys
Happy 1st Birthday to my nephew Amar'e. I Love You :-)
NEW YORK MISSES YOU! Hope you have fun! <3
It's 44 BC, you're a powerful man, and your mentor is "Dictator for Life" until you stick a knife in his back. Are you a Hero or Villain?
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana i'm having a banana (i'm having a relapse)
Did he just punch holtby in the face?? That was nuts.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who still listens to erase me! ☺
Shipping out a slew of new orders today!
WEEKLY RECIPES
Crying. Omg
it turns out that you can get the airport 18 minutes before a flight, provided you're willing to knock over 3 old ladies & piss off security
Riding the bike this morning was a failure... got 5 blocks from my house before I realized both tires were flat! :/
Pas de slime rose?
I am watching a "how it's made" on commercial chickens. I am never buying caged eggs again.
Stop with the vague tweeting already! The internetz can't stand it. To?? To???
I really wish that would follow back it would be AMAZING!! He taught me to #NeverSayNever and to #makeachange! i love justin.
thx for warning ... was down for a few winks myself.
Uh well, um. No?
Off to the skating rink😊🚙
Happy Holidays! Merry Christmas! Happy Hanukkah! Happy Kwanzaa! Happy New Year!!
“It's not about how2achieve ur dreams, it's about how2lead ur life, If u lead ur life the right way,the karma will take care of itself...
Shout out to my new followers!!
nortons stuff is more annoying than most viruses.
I know the feeling~be with me just bcuz I'm ME ;)
haha I forgot I did that. Good times. Miss you too bff
thank u so very much for ur advice. I'm framing ur tweet.maybe one day ull sign it? I guess I could mail it 2 u so u can.luv bri
that's what Shane Mosley should've done
Grlad to have the option there as a change. Hope you enjoyed.
I did?
check out our site, racenation.com, invite all your friends and start building an online community in your area
When the sun's not shining & u got no love..'s sent from above. He's a dufus & a goofus & a heap'o'mess-his LOLs kill any stress.
“: I hate Shane Victorino.” exactly what I thought.
Awww this one doesn't work :(
Comic People.... Follow ME!!!!... No clue where I'm going, but at least the ride will be fun!
Ya! The championship got a little boring there for a while!
Status: Currently watching some guy on my TL getting his twitter reputation ripped apart by RIP to any respect he ever had lol
#inthe90s R&B music was the shit
yeah I have frisbee Sunday so have to do a Saturday run. Time and location TBD...we can chat tonight at Val's :)
Oh,guys i'm so sad.Nobody support me!Can you support me guys?♥Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color and they reject me !
gotcha! Thanks!
"class warfare" droppage. everyone do shots!
Cleaning out the closet day. Anyone need a hanger? I only have about 1,000!
“: Got a miniature schnauzer!”/ what did you name it?
Yes, I believe it will be competitive. It's a toss-up. We have more talent, but I worry about Kubiak in a game like this.
When adults focus on DON'T - DON'T - DON'T, kids stop listening.
if im not home by the time justin performs Believe on the voice tomorrow.. i might have a melt down.
Bayern Munich v Real Madrid in 30 min on Fearless prediction: 2-1 Madrid
Glad you like!
haha, indeed, ill keep you posted!
Dayum wtf is up with me today
with you guys, it was so average.If it didn't have Allen's name attached it wouldn't be anywhere near oscars
Expecting a new baby? 4 piece crib set on www.dealshow.com right now!
first at Holidae in be about it
Chillin charging my phone DFW International airport..
RT : Alliance of Angels Pitch Clinic this Thurs w/ Coaching early-stage comps & bringing best deals to angel investors
Up to date with my music and mix tapes now.
I could give you an answer but I doubt you'd like to hear it , LOL
thank you beautiful!!! Was just checking yours!! Thanks for the connect!! Love your style!!
We'll be there! RT Hammerkatz in 's IRON SKETCH. 11pm . We need your votes to win so VOTE OR DIE!
fucking hell... not really what I wanted to end this weird season. ah well,
#49ers who thinks the kick returner dropped 2 balls on pourpose in the Finals game?
I've lived in Florida for years. Before here I lived in Arkansas... eek.
I am not really perfect, in fact far from, yet he stares at me like I am the most perfect woman he has ever seen ;) x
and I are co-PIs, but we have five other collaborators/consultants in place as well.
Oh and P.S. You are highly, HIGHLY featured in episode 3 & 4...get ready to
Hart just went yard off Wainwright! Great start to an awesome day with my daughter at Miller Park.
Congrats and happy birthday! :)
Haven't seen it yet, either. Probably not until next weekend.
we can make that happen ;)
Would love to chat apparel biz opp with you while you're still in LA. Tweet or .
Against all my better judgement, I decided to start a feed exclusively for book thoughts, news & blog updates. So, hello!
Miami I can't tonight smh
RT RT : Don't let the 'nay'-sayers hold you back
u eh got nothin on me
Just mailed out 300 apps to families for Summer Youth Employment opportunities.
Is it rude to ask someone if they are a lesbian?
Last night I hatched plans w/a fellow advocate for an advocacy effort w/ a real potential for failure: fighting the 85th percentile rule
How do you call out the Supreme Court...didnt you read your constitution...we have 3 bodys of legislation Mr Pelosi..i mean Obama
Great job last night!!
Hoping yours have to go through this homeless thing maybe you'll wake up America!!
Hi Marc! Thanks so much for the RT today. Hope your week is off to a great start!
thank you :)
Southwest, I'm over you. Your flight attendants are rude and have bad highlights.
"You better fear me dear, for I am Death. And I'll take that shit you call a life, in a single fucking breath."
Natalie Givans was inspirational as she spoke about integrating her life to fit in all priorities & reminded us not to dance alone at
What a hectic day! I'm so glad to be on this bus home right now!
Thanks for interest an mention on my open journalism project
San Felipes Desert Ridge - TONIGHT - 10pm-2am - 241 MexicanBeer, Tequila, and Jager all night - NO COVER - DJ NOBuDDY in the mix -FREE SHOTS
What up twitter
Thank You x
RT : There really is a magazine called Garden and Gun.
I am getting ready for the rehearsal tomorrow.....
WE WISH YOU AND YOUR FAMILY SEASONS GREETINGS AND A JOYOUS NEW YEAR.
Good Morning #Madison it's going to be another lovely day today what are you looking forward to most about this hump day?
Latest Version of Digital Keystone’s Tools go Live at Novia Financial
WHERE'S MY UNDERWEARRRRD?
Great point as well: "Stepping up when no one else is will is a great way to get noticed" - demystify the technical & tedious
Bought that book 50 Shades of Grey! Excited to read it!
Congrats , , & The Philly Wings campaign on winning the 2012 #SoMeAwards !
Seeiously though I'm gonna fail
Told y'all bitchs y'all want bout dat life! Got beat da fuck up!
same here! RT : I am officially done with graduate school. I'm so happy/sad/excited/terrified/amazed.
Saw JIRO DREAMS OF SUSHI at the ..do not see on an empty stomach will make you very hungry! Haha
Going to do a flash mob in the mall tomorrow ohh yeah Be BREEZY
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves. ~ Bill Vaughan
...keeping busy! Temp work graphic design gig in Bethesda this week.
Have fun!!
Lea and Micheal, thanks for being there...Micheal, thanks for wanting to kill him. Joseph, if wasnt for ur gift...it be bad. HateLies<3Trust
having an exciting workday!
There you have it. RT : RT : i can't wrap my head around why people think we all want to leave
Lady Antebellum is schilling iced tea because.......?
you know dying easter eggs would be a #CuteDate well, i think so at least.
oh my god, first time seeing jaymee sire in HD. her NOSE has a NOSE!
SO MANY TWEENS.
headg home from Sac, CA after a great 3 days at the UWGS. What a great symposium to connect innovation in the wine industry.
smooth str8 truth
Can't stand the smell of cooking greens
Ugh.. I really want tickets!!
This is the reason I scoff at fans and players who complain that the game is getting "soft."
FUCK TWITTER too many things to do on it!
Swine ass niggas
lololol, what's coming out of your mouth is total bullshit.
Hey Fellas.. You ever Fuck a Fat Chick in her Belly Button hole? Was it good? I'm just askin for my Homeboy thats gone try it!
Twitter Facebook join me super hakeem and my brand if I eat u eat let's make it happen
And cue the mass RIP Dick Clark tweets. Personally, I didn't know the guy, but it is sad to see him go.
I'm so creative with contact names. Like if I had 's number I would put bow chicka mau mau
your little brother MooMoo is really adorable haha
Yes, I am completely obsessed with that network. LOL.
I was hoping you meant the symbolic Arcadia, although I'm not sure why someone would want to Occupy a utopia
So...Who has an "In" at ? I can barter design & social media skills for access to awesome 9/19 tixs!
Pssttt... 1/2 off all drinks and appetizers TONIGHT at 4th Street Patio!
I wish I was at #coachella but I'm grateful for 2 shoots this weekend! One in-studio (acting) and one on location (hosting) Rise and grind!!
Hey Everyone! Pre-Order that album! Its so gnarly!! and buy some while your at it
Thanks for that Sony link, it/s cool!!
Had a notion that 's poetry book RUMORED ANIMALS was more about visual art than it is, but it's a lovely bit of writing nonetheless.
haha I just listen to it in class and blast in in the hallways and ppl be like WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH U OLIVIA!!
Please explain why sharing the same book editor is an issue.
My fave song is "Your love will never change" By Dave Barnes.
Reading an awesome book called "Caffeine for the Creative Mind". It has 250 strange exercises that are supposed to work. WTH, I'll try em.
thanks - I hope so too!
Lombardi's! 32 Spring Street right between Little Italy and Soho!
ALL IN program is getting into an end, lets give an applause to this year fellows
you coming?
Wonder if there's a way to tell Xcode my iPad pin and it can auto-unlock the device when deploying??
cant believe I gave my mom my fone an she dare to hack my page oh really u ain't gettin off just lik dat I got yhu
For the record, I'm still on that shit.
you going to verb weight room?
If she's 9, you might as well buy any card and then add a big glittery #9 to it. Frankly that would be awesome.
the only way that u will have a Takeo then is if u rail a japanese guy, UB is a good place to look.
Is Rihanna channeling her inner Axel Rose?
Anyways, i got to go :) Lexi says hi! Haha.
Review: Fascinating & intriguing story. Started at about 9 PM. Big mistake. HAD to finish it. Good thing I'm retired & could sleep in!
yea I think so I bruised my collar bone and I read up on it, and it said it usually takes 1-2 weeks 😔
Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
Congrats from class of '73!
that's wsup!
The contempt Cons have for Cdns & electoral process is sickening. It's beyond politics and shows lack of core principles
Welcome to CO! For work or for fun?
Good. Took a lil break to Focus... Im focused.
So Ready to audition for Bad Girls Club TRUST ME I WILL REPRESENT CHARLOTTE!!! Kendra didn't do the job right lol but I WILL!!
Always believe
Anything like Tom Cruise's character in Magnolia? That's a show we'd love to produce at the Testosterone Festival...
Just because you can pierce something, doesn't always mean you should.
Is that official? I heard he has applied to both CM and BCH and Denis Tobin said he is not enrolled there as of yet.
ha! Well I always thought driving there was a pain. No interstate system and stop lights every few blocks!
Hi Johann. nxdom is 503 right now. Do you know when it will be available again?
I find it so funny how elderly people eat! :)
Key Lime Pie - Vanilla Cake, Key Lime cheesecake buttercream, graham cracker crumbs and a candy lime slice
Stepping away. Prayers to Mr. Seau's family and friends, San Diegans, and to all who have been affected by/are still wrestling with suicide.
When are you going to start charging for plays?!? Ha ha!
I hope he comes in last #Lefty RT : Masters
Thanks. Right back at you.
i cant figure out how to respond to your tumblr message b.c. tumbleys turned all myspace like and its gey D:
Sometimes the words said by the mouth, are not the thoughts said by the heart.
Fangirl mode activated.
Dawg My play list will fuck yo play list up..
Fun to see more than just the heads of all the cool people I follow on twitter!! :)
is killin the competion this sumer get the Fuck out his way. #purple&black
Pondering diverse data set schema/navigation issues using Apache Solr. IDEO's maxim, "fail faster to succeed sooner" is beckoning us. Help!!
I miss at the bench!
Wishing you lived in New York, LA or Miami, because Austin is ALWAYS there.
Hope you had your car in the Garage!!
Heading to Gus for finals
Tell me if I'm off base. We all hated Modell around here. But going after him didn't get our team back. We went after the league
thanks for helping my girl move! She said you were extremely helpful with her shoe collection :)
That moment when you wake up at 4am and wonder....What the hell happened to my pillow? -_-
Everything is funny with enough distance.
Bring your keiki to the Easter Egg hunt at 9:30 a.m. on Saturday, April 23! Keiki entertainment and games. Good fun for the keiki!
Next time you are hungry we would love to feed ya!
I can already tell that this gonna be a bad day saten is trying to ruin my day because I am trying to tlk to god to get things right
Hey Yall it's The Co-Owner of here follow me. Help us get the ICONic Boyz here in Chi-Town (Chicago)
Lots of updates from the SGA meeting last night, but students can now use TTU Dining Bucks at the United Spirit Arena! We hope...
y did she come out to the rumble
always manages to plan things right in the middle of my work shift =\
Thanks for the follow , good luck with An Adult Evening of Shel Silverstein!
you are gonna have a blast , dance your ass off ahah , i was gonna go today but no lol
I think also wrote something similar, & better, about his own Romney conversion. I don't have the link, but I'm sure he does
lol ikr sorry, started working nd really haven't been messin wit anyone
we want to book you for an appointment in the Pit to see our secret sauce of cool...morning or lunch?
whats going on ?
I think Heery is casting. Miss ya much mama. Let me know. I might be back there for a few days in July also.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW AND TELL HIM SENT YOU ! PLEASE :)
Worn out!
Thank you so much to that incredible crowd last night for bringing such AMAZING energy! Catch you tonight at the Independent!
aww thank you, hon.
Yea! RT : making dozens of duct tape feathers for the Duct Tape Ball!
all these people talking about sweden is making me want swedish fish asdfghjklgdsasfhj
Lunch and dinner on Beacon Hill. Great to be back in Boston!
...I think the goal is about exposing collections versus access ...
Just had the worst experience at they kicked us out of table for not ordering entrees within 20 mins (app and drinks not enuf)
I agreed RT Q6 I think more ppl will start caring when it's finally implemented. For now, though, talk is just talk.
Gr8t Q. RT : RT : Rarely asked, know what youre getting into. RT : Why is the position open?
The real winner here is each and every vegetarian restaurant in the D.C. area.
for all you did for Rip City. This should not have happened.
Thanks for sharing our news!
Biggie "Give Me the Loop" x's2 Im a Bad Boy!!!
Romney unsure what to do on Afghanistan. I bet if you hand him a bankruptcy filing form and his share of the cut, he'll know what to do.
Did you find a new publisher?
OMG super excited #Bigrichtexas at 9!!(: great way to end the night
thanks for the RTs! Any luck with the new camera choice?
I feel like i aced that test
I didn't realize you had such power over the weather.
she won't be running with me until she's old enough for her rabies shot (4 mos). yeah, she's so cute I can't stand it.
Not sure. R u going 2 b there ? It's no fun 4 me w/out u & 2gether RT : cool..you coming to Stadium Thurs?
exactly. Woz chocking is an upper resp prob. Pathetic. Its sad when players do not accept defeat like a win
If you accept it's advantages you must live up to it's expectations. #YITBOS #DeltaSig (via )
Lmao RT : Nuggets will pick n roll their way into a mismatch, then go one on one.
. I only follow you for your Math advice :)// Oh, you poor thing!
The dryer broke!
I came across one more..
Happy #FF on this gorgeous sunny day!
Vice Versa => The positions being reversed
You just earned your own BIG commercial tonight, CJ! Clutch doesn't even begin to describe you balling out tonight!
b/c you cant open carry in your car..... that would be concealing the weapon.
Want #HR Software&Kindle Fire? Schedule a 1on1 LIVE demo of ATS & be entered into the Kindle Fire Raffle! Call (732) 847-1941 now!
Curbs in kush is out
Shout outs to , , TY for mentions! Back online now and trying to play catch up!
With at #WaPoAU journalism event!
searching the 138-year archive of Popular Science magazine and it is wonderful.
good day to u brother RT : Good Morning, Good Afternoon And Good Evening :) Its A New Day
says 1 person can make difference when u work from assets, not deficits & create high quality interactions/connections
Happy Saturday, lovelies. Doing any #Milwaukee #wedding planning this weekend? Let us know if you need ideas!
I already miss the siesta. Good afternoon Salzurg.
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  26
Yeah ok..
"Genetics and privacy" at john hawks weblog () - "'Privacy advocates' seem like they're living in the 1980's"
I don't think Billy Cundiff can ride back on the plane with the rest of the team. That nigga better take grey hound. Lol
Wake up early every fuckin day =
Get loud mothafucka!
Registered sex offender in Moultrie Co. arrested twice in one week. Details at 5pm on WAND.
don't you owe me breakfast? Or was it a shout out? I can't remember..Any day in Boston is great
V for Victory!
now listening to blah. :/ i miss him </3
What does call you if you dare bring up national debt: RACIST!
LEAVING TEW GO BACK TEW MIAMI NEWYORK JUST NOT WORKING OUT FAH MEH FUCK THIS STATE PORK N BEANS PROJECTS WERE IM AT IN ABOUT 24 MO HOURS
Thank you Vanessa.
Policies should improve infrastructure and tackle social, economic, cultural + legal factors inhibiting walking and cycling
Already inspired by the work of and we are still on the #COFLA site visit bus!
awesome.... you sure are in my league!
ha. shaaadup! :P
what do you think of me? :o oh and did you know I miss you?<3 A-I think your amazing because your always there for me and I love you(:
is so underrated
Hope you feel better soon.
good one
Thank you :)_
probably the wherecamp cupcake map. #omnomnom oh, that's not what you were talking about?
Thanks Kira! #Austin is beautiful yr round (except in the summr ;-) come #slack with us anytm
girl you don't need an invitation ... You're going regardless if you can or not ! No permission asked (;
ew don't remind me
both, actually haha
Woke up with some clarity... Finally feeling like all my random interests can be woven into a master plan.
Happy Birthday April babies. Your birthstone is diamond (You lucky girls!!). Keep that diamond looking as good as the day you received it.
Down to 100 emails to go through after going through hundreds because I was out last week on vacation.
ok girl!! I'll def be in touch hahah
Dear girl at the bar, You are in love with a gay man. He has been embraced his friend 8 times at the bar. You twice.
Share us with your followers!!!!!
I have no doubt that the first broken bone would be due to my daughter telling him to go big or go home.
thanks for the RT's this week, and have a great Mother's Day!!!
Paella Day and Quirky Country Music
Why Wont it Stop
thank you for making it out!
Life isnt always fair when you play by the rules
Branyan is playing for the Yankees Triple A team I believe
going to the sauna today and steam always good on a sunday real relaxing i need it for sure
is in, as long as I'm free.
Hi! I'll check and see what's up with housing.I know we're definitely looking for a car if you hear of anything!(:
well look at that, i've got a standup routine. Time to polish it.
Fire is catching, and if we burn, you burn with us.
Glad you enjoyed yourself We will see you around soon!
Kevin, that was so funny.
I HATE YOU RT I've slept my way through this whole day:)
Oh, gotcha. Haha I love Sprinkles, I was just trying to branch out! Maybe I'll just go with that though. Thanks for the help! :)
Almost time 4 fastest hour in radio! Hoopsworld Bill Ingram, OU Insider James Hale and Husker great Jason Peter join Elissa Walker Campbell
Selling & Marketing topics
Looks promising to me. That would be so great. I'm running out of gummy penguins.
volcano city!!!! I'm envious right now…be careful of hot lava please.
We do! Don't forget Soror Robin!
you noticed that too lol
my bad! good stuff
Probably about ticket sales
If you supposedly dont know me, why would you follow a stranger on twitter
RT Those occasional moments that make you miss being in a relationship..
leta go rangers
#BandsILove Young The Giant.
We're very happy to have you!
You lied through your teeth and for that, Fuck your feelings
Joe Hite on the keys tonight! Stop in for some great cocktails & great music!
thanks for the RT.
#GreatnessIs is persistence during tough times.
About to skate
thanks everyone! glad you are enjoying the music.
way cool...own e-q6 so was wondering about how it linked in w/that program will look out for your amy butler post tomorrow
And you did bash teachers today. You may not have meant to, it may not be how you feel, but you did.
& we'd love to recommend a place for your staycation, guess who we're gonna say? ;)
listening to a lot of sonar rhythms - both from underwater and outer space... shall they be fish, aliens, or a combination of both ;)
You actually had me believing in you, believing in us.
Can you sign the demo CD?!
Big night for #NY .. Let's go #Game6 Let's go
Had a great practice with drummer Patrick O'Brien...I guess we're not completely all-girl, now. AND he has a practice space! ding-ding-ding!
what about tomorrow? We could set something up then.
OMG STOP I FREAKIN LOVE HIM
De La Garza is begining to annoy me.
I got my red bottom J's thanks to who is a str8 G!!!
alright Ill deff let you know, and I'm down for the beach saturday but gotta leave early because I gotta go to orlando w ...
We loved it too !
RT : Egyptians who cast their votes at the Egyptian Consulate in NYC till today 13:00 hrs. are 210.
What about Tweetdeck makes it better than straight Twitter?
Need food now
. infographic actually from the great folks at #dontlitmussume ;-)
You can and you should.
I hope all my peoples are staying hydrated in this crazy heat!!! Don't underestimate it!
did u do mines yet ? # 433 Q:what's the best thing you like about Miami ? :D
You can access the site through the dashboard, and you can deactivate with the same switch if needed.
Would rather eat snails than rewrite this 1st chapter. Errrrgh.
10:39pm isn't that honky-code for brownie time? Works for me. O_o
You are mine, I am yours Lets not fuck around.
Hope you enjoyed the evening! If you have any great pics, post on our Facebook page!
Muenster House
You're missing out.
Root beer is good.
Cindy omg
yo girl want my dreads...
I hate everyone right now.
So would the first night game be played today at Michigan instead of next week? We will find out soon.
I want
Arlo Guthrie and HANSON singing I Ain't Gonna Be Treated This Way at the Brady Theater! Woody Guthrie Centennial!!!
yes on sabonis
Nate Marialke Band @ The Big Ticket Festival Friday June 15th @ high noon. Who's coming?
"Run to the Roar" wise words from Mr. Allen Shamblin
The bad thing about a crush is your heart will be crushed in the end....(Did I say that right???...nah,whatever.You get what I mean.)
lololol jesus grace...
I have work in two hours lol no Big :)
Floored by the number of who have told me they met their spouses/best friends at The Junction. Love hearing these stories.
Thanks Toni GIRL! ;)
Have finally caught up to the current episode of 30 Rock. Took about 6 months, but we did it. Wish there was a word for that.
Have to agree that a good haircut does wonders for the soul. Happy bday!
Alright Folks.....Friday night show is in Cocoa Beach and Saturday in Melbourne......Its gonna be a great weekend!
&& that's fine, because #Celtics will win the series!!!
wait till u see what I've been up to this wknd ... had a session plus I worked today with another client
MY BABY IS COMING HOME TOMORROW!!
but it's bothering me... That's my only problem w/ Lin
glad I could do so
- re: www.fuseboxtheatre.com redesign. Lots of good reasons for the change, happy to share if you are interested
I have the day off and nothing to do. yet again
almost over! I took a week extension on my last paper. That's it, though!!
Then, when you realize that you never truly wanted them, it was just mere fascination.
This is some ole bullshit -_-
Let's see what I can hustle her into buying me lol
The First Social Olympics and , with and
Do you know about Ramen noodles? Everything in the package is only $0.25!
All praises be to god each and every day
oh you only gah talk if you want to right
If you claim to be a victim the universe will treat you like one. If you claim to be a fool the universe will treat you like one.
beautiful writing!
good luck 😊
so bad, but... no wifi!
my uncle just said he wants to take me to Hershey for another concert. Someone needs to go there.
i binge when im stressed out. hence why i just ate a huge ass meal and my stomach still feels empty. i think it went straight to my thighs
Back home to Denver 2day, seeing south 2night. Great way to unwind!
We never really grow up; we only learn how to act in public.
RT : RT : Paternity test pending, I'm confident that Pauly Shore is The Situation's dad
it's ok I don't either
Unilateral divorce decreases the bargaining power of men who want their marriage to last & hasn't done anything to contribute to it's demise
sick glasses yo
Wow Memphis is putting up a really good game! Did NOT expect that but also love that the underdog is leading
i loved HOW TO LIVE by the way
Happy 100th Anniversary ! Here's to 100 more!
ooh, perhaps a rebranding of Death Spiral is in order!
Austin doesn't even look like him in his last picture..
MTV’s “MADE” visits campus
I wear the same shit to school because I'm lazy and sleepy and I just don't give a damn
work work work!!!!!! then the marlins game tonight!!!!!
love ya gf
has been spotted at #health2con sporting a jacket from
What are you waiting for? RT : Anxiously waiting.......... :/
i love u G. With all my heart and i will always save u even if it means i die.ill be ur dashing knight u'll be my princess
I have never seen so many fucking scum bags in my life! There had to be 4500 people there and there were only about 7 girls that were hot!
And I'm pretty sure licking is allowed. #AnythingGoes Ha!
Recipe: Slice country bread. Put roasted tomatoes and olives on it. Eat.
I see one on Barron just east of Lamar a couple of times a week. Flip 'em off and drive on!
Hi! -- glad you're listening!
me too
I'm beyond pissed at this point
Be thankful for challenges in life, gain strength in the process.
when are you all out?
Eggfast OSU peeps: Eggfast will be closed from 3pm-11pm today 2/22 for the Eggfast Christmas Party. We like to really milk Christmas....
There'll come a day when you can laugh back at people who laugh at you today.
goodbye from cVillain
luckily you can duck into the mall for a fashionable I <3 DCFBIGOUSA hat.
TODAY: reveals the treasures discovered spelunking in 's Photo Archive. bit.ly/nOqlyd
T minus six days until the husband heads to Virginia Beach for six months.
Mr. Fuji. He always interfered with some crazy mist or bashed people with his cane and he was like 104 years old.
Ready to start on my 3rd huge painting for Beijing. Talk about working under a deadline!
New Secret Service policy: "Get a job, lose a job!"
RT : Increasingly your network is going to be you net-WORTH.
My man! RT : No pain, No reign
#FF lots of info here people!!!!!
It's ok I wasnt doing anything
Friends Still waiting Follow me and get My followers all are back followers
#AtABlackChurch you will see people with hangovers.
the NBA union is getting played, if the owners are locking out the players, then the union needs to let the owners explain that,
Dammit. Sequence. Take my class so you understand. There, I feel better.
Thank you. I thought I was the only one who wasn't able to follow some of this
today is my birthday it would mean so much if you said happy birthday (: .
My twitter followers know nothing about me. My name is Conor Lynch, and I make art.
want to study abroad in Israel?! come to the info session from 7:30 to 8:30 at Hillel tonight!
Don't let anyone tell you you're not beautiful. Everyone is beautiful. <3
it's like pictionary!
I have to see what it is about... That is too funny..=D.. I wonder if it is a ultra-violent Mortal Combat style ..;-)
I dont wanna be your best your longest or your anything i just want to be you EVERYTHING and your last!!!
..rewarding" -John wooden
chix 1st time on grass w/me as protective mother hen. they have gd skills!, scratch,peck,try to hide when a dog barks nearby. vry cute!
Cut myself shaving lol
": What just happend" agreed.
I believe I've found my home in Vegas they cannot then down this offer they just can't
if i joined Bieber fever but i got the light pckage, i cant get presale tickets?
I don't what u r on here for but SMG is bout to set it off www.whoistrillogy.com
New month, new goals! Tweet me what you want to accomplish in April!
Brotherhood. That's all I gotta say
Throat is hurting like crazy! It's so bad I can't even sleep!
Thanks for the new likes, everyone! We appreciate the support! We're 14 months old and going strong!! :)
you are truly blessed with pure comedy every time I watch repo's I'm on the floor with laughter
learning some new social media skills. :)
Its so damn frustrating when a super simple design is getting the best of me! GRRRR
it wasn't even on she was just singing it
struggling with snowflakes potty training.
Aw thanks!
Thanks for following me!
lmaoo but issa looks better that him
School shit for now
personally, i think harmonicas are really sexy and they do not get played nearly enough in music.
Our crazy messed up brains aotomatically feel atracted to them... weather we like it or not
you can see a lot of beautiful Brancusi at
I would Give Grandpa's Great Green Gorilla Gold Glasses for a 32GB right now!
13 weeks ago today we announced #ExtremeReunion . Today we are just 2 weeks away! This gonna be huge!!! 4/28 Philadelphia, PA!
Oh sorry, I thought I had! The main website isn't showing any posts - or is it just the phone?
Less than a hour until the BET Awards. I cant wait to see Kevin Hart.
haha! I need something because I can't grow one on my own...
Coasting through the rest of work until my weekend starts.
It's a very effective tactic!
Yes, I would like to see it if you're going.....?
Still working.
80 Golden #AEDs found so far, which means that you still have several weeks to find the other 120, worth $6,000!
Who the heck is Nick Perry???
Have a combo ticket to Fiesta & Balloon Museum? Bring it to the Museum Oct 1-9 to get scanned & we'll enter you in a prize drawing!
A big high-five to everyone who came to the Ball last night! Great costumes!!!
does anyone have a ticket they're not using for tonight's signature event? it sold out in the time i tried to buy one. : (
I am going to be training my employees for the expo. It would be great if you guys had some questions that you think would be asked there.
I have to hand it to ya i would never punch a fire extinguisher
I meant to add: credit that sounds a lot like an insult. I used to encounter that all the time.
Both the wifi and the overhead light are broken on this bolt bus. Hoping to at least eavesdrop on something interesting.
it was the best feeling ever. I just mighty try to purchase one
And we're going to the Sweet 16!!! I love you
Does anyone know what Aardvarks like to eat on their pizza? (Antchovies)
I just bought 5 years worth of fig newtons, lube and mac and cheese at Costco.
oh alright that's fine! I'll show you the worksheet I need tomorrow in class :)
No, just those 2 spots, since my husband is there for work.
Coffee shop at 17th & K is playing Christmas music.
Waiting paid off! The price for tickets to PHL -> JAX dropped back down near $200 again. I <3 southwest.
you are quite very attractive! o.o :)
... a strict diet of candy and bread should do the trick!
Watching TMZ Live.
Just got a postcard reminder about the Midtown Wine& Jazz mixer! Dec 1, 5:30-7:30 at Kennedy Gallery. Can't wait!
Our thoughts go out to max from 's family and friends. RIP
Just bc I rented a horror movie called Dead Clowns they don't have to only include trailers of other clown horror films. I'm afraid of mimes
lololol how old are you?
so glad you enjoyed it- thanks for coming!
take the circulator PROBLEM SOLVED OH YEAH
Frankly, fashionista Dallas cyclists de facto encourage this perception. Cycling shouldn't only be about purty, woodsy trails.
WOW!!! RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: ‘Avatar’ Wins Best Motion Picture, Drama, at the Golden Globes
The secondary played like they did 4 years ago. Lazy and like they were not interested.
Taking the kiddos to for the first time this weekend! Any tips?
We're filming in a sketchy part of town, so I parked in a gated neighborhood and then climbed the fence to get to set!
Had a good time handing out candy. Saw some good costumes!
miss you :)
Dog with mohawk! Pictures please! I shave one of our cats in a Lion Cut every summer - he looks dignified afterwards, sort of
Big ups to JL team MT : BC of you we raised almost $20k in just one month, lead in overall $$$, and have the most COH!
wait till there's an accident the whole roads going to be closed it's so stupid. And cops being everywhere makes things slower
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Lady Gaga is not my queen...Cher is, duh!
just made me run in the cold rain with him. Neither one of us are avid runners...
Omg... "Tatooed Heart"... I'm literally shaking.. I need to hear it all!
Why are so many ppl talking shit about Anthony Davis? Oh I know why because they are small minded and jealous & probably Duke fans.
OW GUYS OW I JUST RIPPED ME EARRING OUT
thanks for the RT!
Anthony Davis AUTOGRAPH SESSION is May 10 from 5-8 pm EST DETAILS COMING
RT : Good old fashioned customer service still exists, people! Apparently you just have to deal with local businesses to get it.
As Kevin Hart says " It's about to go down" my baby is on the way!!! Go Go.... Get it Get it!!!!
everything gets better over time
just found on twitter. How did I not know this existed? I <3 #Cision (so much I married it)
listening to mixes with our producer Alex...this EP is getting close to finished!
Re-watching 'Lost' on netflix. Such an awesome show.
Congrats to on his new job at
oh my gosh I'm having the same problem! Can't deny it- I've got a cold.. uh!
I like kangaroos
ask mr rashad about being a camp coach at the dave wilcox football camp back in the 70's.
oh cherry spark... good morning!
Set your DVR, tell your friends & call your momma ! Great story on 's "Last Day at Lambeau" - tonight on at 9:00 !
Hey, I'm a girl. I ignore nice guys, chase ass holes, and then complain about it.
Just feel like riding around but there is no where to go
LOL. Sorry. Make sure you come out if you can ^_^. BTW, if you know of any places in Jerz, I'm more than willing to come there too
I actually wanted to go to school-_-
great music!
": Hoping my nighttime meds don't kick in until after #walkingdead... Until then, on the couch with tea and a book!” Feel better! x
why her breast skin look like a raw piece of chicken?
Man aint shit to do in STL know more
Got so sunburned hanging out at the greek theatre today...
Hey Vince, Many thanks for following me on Twitter.
#SDSU #Aztecs enter ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll at #25. This means their highlights will now be on ESPN. Waiting on AP.
lol so I think the answer is yes hahaha otherwise we are gonna be packed like tuna
follow me :)
It's raining. It's pouring. And with this headache I've got, soon, I'll be snoring.
Whut up to went clubbing last night and still went in to work this morn at 5am.
You're Welcome :)
m nice
Official Jet Blue hater 6pm flt delayed till 11pm reason: insufficient equip and crew REALLY!?
Could miss minaj get any more strange? Probably.
That awkward moment when you wonder if someone is preggo, but you don't want to ask them for fear that they're not. 😳
Kristen Bell is finally fully vegan! I care about this so much more than I should.
she can only live for the moment why i`ll never now it guess i meet her ryte back at start
Additional 20% OFF entire stock of RED TAG APPARELL, AND Additional 20% OFF entire stock of Sale Tagged Footwear TOMORROW 4-26-12
RT : RT : RT : I'm putting member of Future of Information Alliance on my CV
Has anyone has success in social media translating to sales? It is just a tool... you still need to do the work. Service is huge!!
next friday's game.
grounded for not cleaning my room right? mom your effin dumb
How many of you have an #OU shirt on right now?
We'll be selecting our "Fan of the Week" shortly -- Who wants to win this week?
" : I will announce #mahonetothewestcoast date in LA by Fri." THIS MADE MY LIFE OMGOMGOMG SOO EXCITED!
Silly girl, pride kills more than aids lately.
How did I just break my iPhone ? 3rd one to go. It wasn't me, it was the phone. It tried commiting suicide, and it succeded. Hallelujah.
It's only Tuesday and it's already been a crazy week. In a good way, but crazy nonetheless.
I would give up a year of my life to meet him
How can i add my twitter threads to my website?
I love my glass dessert stands, but sadly they break *sigh*
Just because you can do something doesn't always mean you should.
Keeping a diary of what I eat... I seriously need to work hard with this new trainer. ...
O thanks(:
Had a great day at Indiana. Thank you SBCIU!
What was the attendance?
Staring at my computer screen, telling other people what work to do, pretty good I would say!
im in home!! hahah beacuse i dont go to school! jelly?
I would rather go blind boy then to see you walk away from me.
I can't believe it either.
/ I must admit, sometimes I sneak up on my alarm clock and scream, "how does it feel _____." - Will Farrell lololol
TY for the follow. You guys have some great work.
I need your magic touch
I hope Direct TV forgets to flip the switch on this MLB package...but if the do, I might have to fork over the two bills for it!
found a letter I wrote & sent to my soph yr weight training prof as a sarcastic plea not 2 fail me for oversleeping. I got an A-
This pussy clean this pussy squeaky, That pussy old that pussy creaky
Y'all Gonna Be In The Same Boat. I Didn't Expect Them To Win The Championship This Year.
You a stupid hoe. !
he's a lot better than tebow
Lil do they know.. I think about everything..
were you able to find any news on that scary helicopter last night? If they found the guys they were looking for?
Sat prep is cancelled ;D
“If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.” - John Quincy Adams
hahaaha , chill No need too get jealous
I'm excited to watch the Miss America Pageant - don't laugh - Miss Texas is our client. (have to switch to football during commercials...)
Happy Saturday!!! :)
thank you so much for following me ! Love you guys so much💙
idk I have to see her
I don't work Fridays anymore dummy
just like you ;)
Whiffs of panic. Whiffs. of. panic.
RT : Be sure to tune in 2nite on WeTV to catch the PREMIER OF 's new reality show! You DO NOT wanna miss it!
so i just saw the dis Why Black Men dont date black women. Im not angry but more disturbed by the black male in the video.
Spending the week in Louisville for a Leader's meeting.
In control of everything except the luck factor, which is the predominant variable, that is.
I am shockingly bored. Vegas this aint.
I'm proud of all the seniors that are graduating on time ! (:
Thursday Healing Circle was really Awesome! Many wonderful healings with wonderful people!!!
very mysterious...
Yes will absolutely be in Austin for #sxsw Interactive and Music! Will you be in town?
GO COWBOYS! Get 'em
I forgot to tell you how much I like your blog "Bloing into Brickell"! We are following you now!
nothing, never mind.
I just saw a picture of the mcdonalds guy getting arrested and he said, "she said she was hungry, so I gave her a mcdick" lmao
I must admit, everytime I see you tweet to "Maureen Johnson", I giggle a little to myself.
then what? :P
iPhoneSlutz welcome guest iphone app developers Forkfly today - live at 10am pacific - www.iphoneslutz.com
That's exactly why I don't listen to sports radio. A bunch of Armchair GMs think they can do a better job. HA!
nahh i don't wanna hear that shit. you saw the replay. Beckham fucking tagged his ass with an Urlacher tackle
#WorstFeeling ever being at work on a Friday and knowing you can't leave until 5.30pm, even more #WorstFeeling than that, comin back monday!
Its going down Sunday. Im going for heads
First Knock of the night!
#IslamTaughtMe nothing. I'm Catholic...
she'd rock Jace in a fight. 😏
The Bakken gets brainy in November with our new exhibit. Stay tuned for more details!
Who was your greatest mentor?
Had the most amazing time at prom with <3
HI LAUREN!!!(: I haven't talked to you in FOREVER!
It is not the ignorant of writing but the one ignorant of photography who will be the illiterate of the future. - Moholy-Nagy
started #gsprushfit today...took iit easy, dont want to blow anything out on this old body, working up to hardcore ;)
website and app seem to be loading quite slowly today. Known issue?
Thanks alot - This rematch on ESPN3 with Moneymaker is good, I should be out grinding cash games. I can't get out of the Lazy Boy.
hope u have a speedy recovery ur by far one of my favorite players in the game today
Fuckin heat are dunzo! This is not good! wtf ?!
I will text you it today :)
#UCFF The crew
Official: Winning lottery ticket sold in Maryland. Guess I'll go to work today.
looks like a fascinating project!
If you're down with OPP (Obligatory Passage Point) I'm pretty sure you've never heard of Naughty By Nature.
A little Scarface??
good morning :D
hahahah you're such a nerd bailey. Lol.
I am totally going to check out you theater company! Thanks for the info!!!
It better be during hour 22! I'm sorry, but I hope to be sleeping then...
showing hand!
Keva Juice coming to our open house this Saturday to hand out some goodies. Come check it out 9-12 on the 17th!
Lol yeah I use to do it al the time
BeatMaker2 is $20 but its legit. The other 2 are not too bad.
A wink and that smile? I'm scared...
thanks!!! Just got my first glimpse of the Seattle skyline!
Early a.m. program director's panel at #2011ASA : international collaboration talks all about digital technology.
Happy National #SalvationArmy Week! Today 200 free hotdogs chips and water will be served at the Thrift Store in Santee between 12 & 130
I LUV!! hand warmers!
I saw someone where #sockswithsandles today and nearly died laughing ! (:
Sadly, there was another group who already reserved Nyumburu, so Stamp Friday Showcase will be in the Baltimore Room.
killed that flexin hard remix
ahaha Almost as awesome as running into YOU there! Made my day! :)
Thanks for the RT!
lets start the cuts at the top, with these super-duper salaries and box seats at the National (same ol Expos) Stadium for these public off.
Yep! RT : Have you tweeted for #MKETwestivalCares yet? Help
Happy sunday Funday!!!!
What an amazing day saturday repeat !
Just recovered from a nasty ankle sprain 3 weeks ago, just to crash my bike and sprain my wrist. God farted in my face.
