4:20. You know what that means...I overslept and missed work by seven hours and twenty minutes.
Watching . Santos says that semen in the eye burns. He is correct.
we need to hang-a-lang soon! I haven't seen you in ages. Hope all is well with you bud!
Did anything come todaY?
phone and facebook gone-__-
Holy jesus the were playing wmyb on the today show!!!……… i was just fangirling/screaming/singing!!
Just had a bowl of 1/2 tiramisu and 1/2 pistachio from gelato. Wow, that stuff is amazing!!!
So send him somewhere else he'll be unhappy? That's a nice gesture.
I'll check out your words as long as you check out christ words.....
If that's your flavor try The Ritz or Esso too
Omfg. Im laughing so hard. You have officially just become my favorite person of all time
I think you meant bawled, dear. Wouldn't be so petty in your time of sorrow except the other spelling has such a dif meaning.
#SM hello - I'm a fellow #writer and love your work
IT'S GAMEDAYYYY :) CINCO DE SPORTING
Thanks & for the well wishes!! Neurologist is happy and Mom's headed home to sleep the day away. She's one tough cookie!
It was packed last night!
So great finally catching up with , so proud of you babe ! <3
Download InSpotter app free tonight on your Android & iPhone
Email from grandpa: I hear your mom is opening a branch library. Me: Rule of library--people who make fun of book hoarding don't get cards.
Listening to the packed game on Sirius is not the same as watching it. Need. To. Get. Home.
“: From now on I am going to be haunted by this question: will the ketchup kids go for it?”
Hahaha sorry, my phone was used to typing in Flyers. ;)
looking forward 2 seeing u @ EO #glcbc! I was glad 2 hear ur speaking here in addition to ! I'll make sure 2 say hi.
Ricardo why are we not friends?! You're fricken hilarious!
#PlansForTheSummer GAY BAR WITH MY STRAIGHT FEMALE ENGLISH TEACHER. Lmfao.
Only ice on the front side of winter park but Mary Jane is open!
The presidency is temporary-but the family is permanent.
#truelife marathon... totally productive Sunday
bravo! We appreciate the gratitude and wonderful compliments! Hope to see you again soon! :)
Time to EAT
How did Gotti on @ Celebrity Apprentice change her hair and clothes so quick?!
Welcome to the lightfighter club.
School tomorrow :/
glad I wasn't the only person that saw that.
Great Ryan Braun discussion going on radio show.
Awesome! I wish I could see that.
Only 14 More Days . Kinda Excited . :)
I feel as though I need to do something special today to celebrate the extra 24 hours - thoughts?
Nov 5th Superstar Saturdays is back!! Put it on your calendars u kno how we do if it ain't maja we dnt do it.
The "no punk category in the Gazette best of OKC" discussion continues...Will there ever be justice for punk??
Please follow and if u don't ur missing on alot of cuteness :-)
Tell Us The Good News Already Boy You're Killing Us!!! Follow? <3
HE'S MY BUTTERFLY SUGAR BABY
If he can make a good sandwich then he's a keeper ;)
Yeah I find that my best friend is cooler than E.T cause he's ugly and she isn't and E.T is a bit scary :S :D<33
Be careful; winter is coming.
LOL now that sounds tasty!
send ur air checks to
#thingsthatdontmakesense - why im not getting on standgrand .com -___-
nifty. adding to my calendar as well.
Watching George documentary. So far so good.
country music is good. peopple hate it but it all has the same meaning. I personally love it
I have a taste for a subway sandwhich :) yumm yum
15days 😁 RT : when is coming down ??
lol! Yes!!! I can't tell you how many times I accidentally tweeted from lol
we have not. the focus is using in a specific country or even region in the country. More about localized planning
Monitoring election in Macon County....very TIGHT races...oh the suspense
need advice snake bites or nose pierceing give me your opinion
Thanks to Pres Obama & the #ACA, 2.5 mil additional young adults have peace of mind knowing they enjoy health insurance coverage
Let me just vomit real quick. >_>
"If there is to be an ecologically sound society, it will have to come the grass roots up, not from the top down."
Us please!<3
Going to get some fro yo with natalie((: ill be driving so wish us luck!
I'm great. Just grinding. How about u?
“: “: I'll be getting my daily exercise by running from the cops. #FridayNight” ” fail
is a true blessing to SWAG on! But we'll miss our 2011 "celebrity" judges
Thank you! RT : Had another amazing experience today it's no wonder they're in the new issue of
You know it!
Home again. Now it's time to give the rest of this Spring Break over to homework.
it's hard.
I love my dogs.
Iran so far away
I love the hustle.
One of our favorite brands, is on sale at today! Get out your credit cards....
I AM EMPOWERED Award For Housing presented to Congresswoman Karen Bass (D-CA).
Sorry but #telljimmy sucks. What a tool. I have no idea who this guy thinks he is to tell anyone about what sounds good. He's 800 yrs old.
SMG don't pick Jose!!
I like! :D
#FF When you need #power tips, check out and
Need to hit the Greek Festival today first!
Where did you order from? I wish I could play. Looks like a fun co-op game and I missed the train for past Diablo games.
#FF mon cher "Nor did I wonder at the lily's white, Nor praise the deep vermilion in the rose..."
Kentucky whines so much. Think they should get every call.
Nice beautiful Saturday morning thank the lord for letting me see another day got the playoff 12"s now time for a power nap
James from Gorst Valley Hops said every oz of the new Newport hop variety grown E of the Mississippi was brewed into Common Thread.
MU - learn how to shoot free throws already!!! For crying out loud, this is college
By direct comparison the big guerilla in streaming is Netflix that made a whopping 41 million of revenue on 800mil in sales.
Trying to sell my golf clubs... Lol it would prolly help if people I hang around with would actually play golf fml
the maestro says it's Mozart, but it sounds like bubblegum
Probably a good idea. You caught me drinking iced coffee.
walking across the williamsburg bridge on skateboard day. i was almost ran over by 4 skaters, i should get a board!
Not a bad deal haha
good morning thanks for the follow :-)
RT One of my dad's old friends, Gavin Smith has been missing since May 1st. Please pray for him and his family.
Yes indeed... more often than not, actually. RT : Remember that silence is sometimes the best answer. ~ Dalai Lama
Prom exceeded my expectations last year, and I think it will again this year. Especially since I've got the best date ever :)
I should prob be getting to sleep
Glad to know that even on "music's biggest night" the mute button still comes in handy.
it's a new speciality on BOUCHON'S menu!
Looking for a #merchandiser #buying #retail #corporate #job position. I'm flexible traveling
thank you! the more apartments the marrier.
Thanks for the impromptu class last night and please put it on my tab :)
Eventually, we'll be introducing our Spiced Apple Pie frozen yogurt ... assuming I don't eat every bit of it when it arrives. Which I may.
i am cant wait
Is it possible to work in a place where everyone contributes their full intellectual capacity? What would it look like?
ha ha Boston fans ha ha you guys are wicked good.
Wait! I just remembered that I am seeing on Sunday!
if she thinks 69 is just a numba after 68, she's too young for you, dad.
Good luck!!!
Cool, thanks! Just emailed her.
revolvers dont jam and yoppas dont either,hollow tips knock the "soul" from a nigga but not from yo sneekers, m.m.m
Can I get an RT for my birthday today I'm turning 19! And if u follow me it would be the beast birthday ever! Thank you!
Think I'm going to see it next weekend. Seems like everyone loved it, but the trailer and commercials looked only OK to me.
Cubs are killing me!
#BOYFRIEND has been stuck in my head since it came out(: its REALLY good!!! <3
“: #NowFollowing.. Much Love. Flickum cares :) ” thanks!!!
Its my lucky day!
#WayToStartOffMyDay a getto ass fight at
It is important. And you can buy your own.
Watching A Few Good Men... possibly my favorite movie of all time
Stressed the hell out! Ugh...
"atleast your dad actually wants to be in your life. Atleast your not that stupid bitch because she doesn't even know her dad and moms a ho"
we wish too :-/ doesn't look like it's goin to happen though!
definitely Martin...Moran never ruined a playoff run that I can remeber
B Culture Media Welcomes New Business Development Specialist Linda Cottrell - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
It's the season of twitterpation! Beware hormonal teenagers...
LOL, why you don't like Piper??? He's a beast!!!
It's a seriously beautiful space...at once old school & modern. And great addition to one Chi's best bldgs.
Do you carry pumpkin puree (not pumpkin pie filling)? Been looking everywhere for some!
appreciate ya love! Great tweets for positive peeps! Just keeping the motivation going! Waving from Dallas
Gonna be in the library al day and night
so u wana possibly follow me today?! Since u know I love u to death and it's only like my life's dream for u to notice me. nbd
when do you want to go shopping for prom shoes?!
Ten hour days this week. But at least we get our three day labor day weekend!
Pet Photos With Santa at the mall Sunday @ 6:30 pm!
Can anyone help with contact info (not Twitter) for Samira Ibrahim re: an article for
I love this James Carvell impression on #SNL!
In your dreams.
I think I misunderstood and thought the facebook comment was aimed at me. As I asked you to look at my 2 chapt. so sorry!
oh man this is me everyday
Getting money everyday I'ma ground hog
It's fine man haha
why yes! Mine's coffee - yours? Let's be good and wrong together
LA is suck I rather go back to Boston, just saying
Salsa Mukluks now in stock! These babies got tires which must be seen to be believed! Curbs are no obstacle! It's like riding on the moon!
Mcdonalds OR Burger king , Im startin to like Burger King More (:
Percentage of National Cleavage Day links which actually contain cleavage rather than viruses: .00001. Way to ruin the holiday, internet.
i would not use the word "irrelevant" but agree that energy-rooted messaging is more effective/less divisive. why do you disagree?
Beautiful day in Wichita
Dreads that there is so much still to do, and literally so little time left in 2011....some of this might literally have to wait until 2012!
i love blue jeans !!
Thanks for the RTs! #smss12 #social media
now Jake & the never land pirates is on, makes way more sense than Mickey's Clubhouse. kids living on a magical island.
I tried to visit your website on two different browsers but couldn't get it to load.
Good luck in fantasy football this week sir. Sole possession of first place awaits you. :)
(tears up)
Kid Cudi Quits Marijuana, Yet Remains A Wizard
it dosent:o it only says request?:/
hahah ok ok but everyone has something Ohio state unfortunately since we live in Ohio
Hey, excellent--thanks for the heads-up. That's a pretty serious examination of your great work.
See more HubSpot Halloween costumes in the HubSpot Halloween 2010 set on Flickr, or view the slideshow below
(why do i feel like this is a disney channel original movie i'm referencing? anyway, my mom's email re: hbo was right on time this morning)
Sorry hun, but unlike you, I'm not a doorknob where everyone gets a turn. I'm more of a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot.
I MEAN ITS NOT LIKE UR TALKING TO MOM IT COULD JUST BE U AND ME PERSONAL AND I WONT TELL MOM NOTHING
I love you baby.
Please join us tomorrow night (536 Laguardia Place), it's our exhibition opening! 6-8!
U verse tech just took my U-verse down again :(
Big thanks to & for swinging through today. Always good to see friends at the start of a shift.
Hate all you want, I'll stick up for any day, any where, any time. #OneDirectionInfection <3
what kind of shizz is this new twitter?! OH DAMN -.-'
Robin Sparkles 'Let's go to the Mall' is on Just Dance
your tweets are cracking me UP!
hey! What's up
Social entrepreneurship initiative working group breakfast at #OGStudio today. Be on the lookout for new courses and collaborations!
My Stax family>>> love them
Por sure! U know te aaammmoooo mi some NYC! That's mi 2nd casa! Got some things in the making! I'll be back muy pronto! ;-)
Wow, a story on You are big-time! Nice work!
These bitches need to get it together.
I am south memphis
On my way to the airport! :)
excellent! :) Thanks! :)
Christmas is my 9th favorite North American holiday between Maundy Thursday and Premier lundi d'août.
New York Yankees need to step up there game
i really want to know what time does the ps3 demo come out for north america, please reply as soon as you can!? :/ thanks
Tinted Gucci aviator lenses #sunglasses allow you to stare at people without getting caught, it's like Facebook in real life.
I'm tired all day, but as soon as I get in bed at night, I'm not even sleepy. THE HELL! 😡😠😡😠
How exciting and will do!! Did the BF get an awesome gig in NY? I hope you're loving it!
Iconic Boys! <3
HEALTH meaning they are sick, and go to the doctor time and time again to order PILLS which ARE NOT NATURAL for HUMANS TO CONSUME...
Liam from Ramon.
congrats!!! What fantastic news + what a perfect time to celebrate!
Aromaticity - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something. ~ Thomas Henry Huxley
I'm a leader not a follower unless itz a dark place... Den u're goin first...
That's it!! Lawyer-ry!!
Angie of Angie's List speaking at #aiip -should have brought a piece of drywall for her to autograph.
Tulsa's HC Danny Manning now restricting 1 of his player's transfer. Not that it justifies anything, but would like to hear coaches explain
Thanks for tweeting about Dog Days!
Make changes if something is not working. Sometimes we have to sweep out the old to make way for something new
Bypass Lane is live at the U2 show in Philadelphia tonight! Check us out if you're going!
#Teamfollowback follow me
"Here in Milwaukee you harbor many agitators." -WI gov, 1886
*cough cough* New York
verizon just called my office with an automated msg hawking the friends and family plan..uh, i'm on a landline. at work. terrible cold call.
Remember #Milwaukee this is the year to act. Search Ron Paul thru YouTube, educate yourselves and others these upcoming months!!
Numbers dont lie
Perplexed, tedious, and obscure
does anyone else have trouble logging into face book with firefox. Any ideas how to fix it
So I guess the moral of the #MassEffect3 debacle is if you don't like an ending, the creators will change it if you complain hard enough.
Don't understand the point of 8 #JetBlue kiosks when only 2 are open and there's a long line...
5% Nation of watching the sunrise in Chicago.
Nope. I do that all the time. It's the little things that keep you going. :)
Smh at you knocks.
you know this summer we bout to do it big!
dont forget soulja slim, he was the best to wear the tank.
you are a beautiful bride. I am so thrilled cos know Agii is gonna make you happy FOREVER! I miss u as much as I adore you.
This weather is crazy, can't even go to lincoln anymore-__-
What's a good restaurant/bar for happy hour appetizers at farragut north close to conn & k? Closer to the white house would be even better.
I wanna go cut my hair but my barbor is mad at me :( he's down to fuck my ass up lol fcken jerk
you've already started one by declaring it on twitter. You already have five bookstore gigs lined up.
Our webhost is currently having some issues so our site is temporarily down. We anticipate it coming back online in about 15 minutes.
#CIROCSUNDAYS!!!! ITS GOING DOWN
Forgot to put the Ween in my Halloween.
Interesting! RT : MT : It cost Mad Men $250k to use the Beatles' “Tomorrow Never Knows...
I was dating a girl at the time whose favorite player was also him. pretty funny.
I've listened to the radio more in the past two days than I have in the past two years.
:) RT : Brew Dr Kombucha Tea.. Damn!
sounds very tasty. Need to get my hands on some of those
The yo having issue with curve again
Getting ready for this early performance!!
Maybe for dinner?? Is Josh working tonight? What's tonight's special?
Less testosterone than me is just not going to work
reception tonight after Frost/Nixon!
Dear : I would like my very own please. Love loving It's a Brad Brad World.
likewise, Sandcamp was fun!
You tried to play me
Saw the word "barefooted" typed today. Now you have. Sorry.
Up earlier on my day off than I am on my working days. How does that happen?
My thing is, until you've lived my life and until you've been through what I've been through...don't judge me or don't judge anything I say.
I'm #firstgen from a "inner-city" working-class immigrant black family- but privileged - as a big NERD w/college support.
How was you're day?(:
- Congrats! I hope the commencement speaker doesn't turn into a giant demon snake.
I knew your tail would respond.... Bo!!!!! GO HEELS!!!!
I know I know I'm sorry. I'm just a little jealous. I used to be the one getting the flirt time 😔
Let's do this! FUN tonight!
I love my boyfriend.
A girl that spoils a hard working man >
Damn in school suspension
Cute. Will they get enough light in that frosted window?
been really busy, not much chance yet to reply to ya'll tweets :/
I feel I can't do that lol my co-workers follow me
got hit on by an 8th grader exactly 22 times with the cheesiest pickup lines.
Nothing against fat people but uhm...
Google Drive Begs the Question: Who Owns Your Data in the Cloud?
S/O right back to u bro bro droppin them hits
Thanks and
Final thought: Every BODY in that experience MUST take Responsibility INCLUDING the parents...
It's still happening? I'm coming down next weekend. Wanna ghost hunt?
Watching Sean Marks on his first defensive possession of the season was one of the more entertaining things I've watched this year...
Yes, but they don't show them on TV #sharktank Hard to track success of failures, that would b a great blog.
Today’s Pas The Day Devotion – Fighting The Good Fight - II Tim 4: 7 I pray you were blessed by this morning’s devotion.
do it!
~make a wish, take a chance, make a change, & break away~
juss busy wit school and work...
i'm back in town rayovacbattery.net along with usadeaf.com
You're such a boss but carry yourself like a lady
Same. I appreciate that money makes the world go 'round, but there's a limit
omg no way yu are the devil bad boy so yu gotta have yur innocent angel right? 👼💋💋💋
You always go for the good stuff :-)
is homeschool an option anymore
Didn't think this would be the ending tonight.
no I fig everyone has a smart phone lol
Wild Cards - NFC - Falcons, Cowboys AFC - Ravens, Jets
Haven't had one problem at all and it feels good!
Marathon Monday !!!
“: Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.”
how are you? Enjoying the fights ? :)
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power. -Alvin Toffler
will you be on the cover in a viking princess outfit? X-P
I'm shooting a short film this weekend inspired by the You Tube video! I LOVE JONAH!
I know! Plus it's backtoback with DWTS? It will be exhausting, lol.
lmao!! Good going!
Thanks! And thanks for your supportive tweets today.
One of my favorite songs - Live My Life by Far East Movement ft. Justin Bieber! :D
#imagine Austin: What's your biggest wish? You: To be kissed in the rain. What's yours? Austin: To be the one kissing you.
We just took down a 3 ft x 20 ft sign, which'll be our new marquee once we peel off the vinyl "Solid Rock" lettering.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much
I have a feeling that exact same thing will be said about Travis Frederick next year.
Hi ! You were one of our weekly sweepstakes winners! Please DM us your mailing address as soon as possible!
TONIGHT very own takes over w over 700 of the hottest people in LA and the OC
nice crazyness over on the woot boards tonight. too worked up over the effing mockingbirds around my house to deal with it.
No offense but I don't tell ppl "I Love You" just bc they say it to me I have to really mean it and feel it!
good luck this saturday in the truck race i will keep my eyes on you :)
"Somebody to Love" - Justin Bieber
Tweeting really is tiring.
haha its cool;)
not shit cooling
William Balfour's mom says he asked for a happy meal.
whatever mongoloid
np cud u follow me please?
Me, & bout to get white girl wasted lol
Fixed the credit on the "About" page. My apologies for missing that. Thanks for letting me use the image!
super cute!
Singg LATING GIRL By JB On a Video?(: for ur Latin Girl Fans ,
Oh so I'm the ugly one? Bitch your edge up is not even aligned correctly. Shut the fuck up.
The sexy Mexican heard me "*.*
We like this date! Hurry up & get married, Scott! ;)
Dreamt I had that new amp.... It was so awesome x)
lol i feel you so was i
Tell your friends they should spell check before broadcasting a ticker on
hey man what do you do when a muthafucka underestimates Your size?
Hahahaha I wish My lil bro was woke so I could rub this all in his face lmao. Told him It wasnt gon be easy #KobeWho?
Gotta love technology. My office phone + iPhone can't receive or make calls. And yes, I paid my bill. I'm being tested. I feel it. #help!!!
Haven't you been doing nothing BUT studying?!.. Or were you just Tumblring with your books open. Hahaha
Holla back, D. *bats eyelashes…then probably stumbles and falls* :D
The hood ornament of a Rolls Royce is named “The Spirit of Ecstasy.”
Not taking Standard and Poor's seriously until they downgrade Ke$ha to Ke�ha
Best Places to Find Roommates (E-Zine)
I juss woke up from 9:00 pm to now cant go to sleep again
To keep milk from going sour - Keep it in the cow.
I didn't anything he start whit him bad humor -.- hahaha lol
Solid practice time tonight. Again tomorrow, then rehearsal at HCC for weekend services!
: Totally have more Yelpstick if you need it, Luke!
please don't open a recent DM from me, its a spam/virus... sorry people!
im trying
$80 dollar cologne for $20 from the local neighborhood hustler. Always low prices. =)
Any news on the New Mexico EIB mtg? They are supposed to rule on Cap & Scam - I mean Trade
for real though, I asked Adam and he doesnt even know. Haha.
#Imagine A guy starts talking to you & Harry comes and holds you from behind & says:"Sorry, this girl is mine."
We are thrilled to be a part of Women, Money, Power Forum!!!
You're very welcome.
when you get some time off to reflect, come and make games with me in San Fran
. thxs for the shout out!!
can you stop by either today or tomorrow?
We’ll pack you a brown bag lunch that you’ll actually enjoy eating. 2 tamales, soda, chips and a sweet snack. Order via email.
Where does one rent a blimp?
when will you have a meet and greet in Chicago.
I have read some of your blog and we have similar backgrounds with the D5/Cafe as building leaders.
Sen. Specter, leadership is making decisions based on values and what's best for others not what's expedient to one's career.
You love the dog more than me...
Thank you <3
nice! Caught them at a private show in Philly in 2004 -- you will enjoy!
I'm proud of this because they asked to recognize partners, husbands, wives, siblings and family of graduates.
Good relationships aren't even supposed to feel like relationships.
That's why getting someone else to do it would be great.
Ocean Reef Club for Spring Break!! Wish it was dead my first night. Everyone come!
Which color do you want to use?
A4 No matter how new your are, trust your ears! If something sounds interesting or engaging to you, chances are many will like it
Its 86deg in MI right now. Awesome.
Come back downtown!
Giddy with the thought that when I get home today my Warby Parker glasses will be waiting for me.
Omfg. How scary, there was a shooting going on
THEY SAID THEY HAVE FOUND A CURE FOR HIV/AIDS BUT I BELIEVE THEY BEEN HAD IT THO
thanks for the RT.
I just realized how much I miss seeing every week on #Idol. But God has better plans for him. :)
Spanish is so fucking easy.
Ryan nash...i dont know where to begin, you were one of my best friends. i will miss you so much and i love you. RIP ryan i love you bud
I miss my boyfriend a lot :( haven't seen him in over 2 weeks and im gone in 2 months
Im tweeting
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams ............
Hey, just finish some more designs. (new collection coming soon)
Thanks, A, for the thought & your help. As I've said countless times before, working with you is awesome.
Stop by tonight to meet local #eco-bag designer, Lisa Schaefer, of Refreshments served starting at 6pm!
My dog perked up & got really confused watching the Star Wars VW commercial. Then he went back to sleep.
Colts owner Jim Irsay called me today to clarify feedback he has gotten on the downtown hotel situation. I'll have an updated blog tomorrow.
If you wanted to help with the Tahoe Joe's fundraiser please email with the Subject: TAHOE JOE'S so I see it.
Vegas Vegas! Hurry up and get here!!!!
RT this if you know how to RT a RT about someone else's RT
Traffic tweets from small town MO where I used to live. Jimmy Johns is a reference point, not streets or exits. A simpler time and place.
That new Batman Movie gonna b off the Chain.
whats CRACKING UP IN THIS TWITTER ROOM?
Aww, thanks. You might be the only one, lol.
Key Committee will be playing as a featured artist at the Nashville State Fair on Sept 15th! Stay tuned for details!
#sigh This is really my fault. So much for going to bed before midnight. Next time I'll do laundry at 5pm on a Friday or something...
Well done, Flyers. Well done.
So sorry for your loss. Hope the Sox can pull it off today
show was so funny tonight! Love me some jiggy!!!
S/o ! See you on Friday!
Speak to heal, to help, to hear, to hope, to add a little bit of goodness to the world.
Ab workout at nail salon on 30A. Here w/cousins for weekend
Listening to your first album and your such a great voice looking forward to hearing things like this soon as well
Lets make 'em proud, boys! ------12 p.m. at Lake Park "Gun Club" Field, 2728 N Lincoln Memorial Drive, #MURFC vs. UWMRFC,
Hahaha I like that
#shoutout to ...Keep doing ya thing <3
any suggestions for someone who is interested in becoming a machinima director?
Today is the day! #CraftinCarnival! Come join us for talented vendors, super sponsors, a raffle for , and so much more!
u wanna ride out wit me
Let's see a grown woman eating a Happy meal with no kid. What's wrong with that picture ? Lol
i was wondering what the fuck happened
Okay...seriously though. The pixies are about to take the stage at the palladium. All i care about is seeing kim deal. I mean, really.
haha,its cool and BTW Good Morning
Don't forget to vote today! Meck County Dems, please vote for Marc Gustafson for County Commission at Large
Louis DiPippa Is My Baby Boy (':
"Smile NOW!" "YOU smile!" -- my neighbors
Watching " I am " , should be required viewing
Easy commute is nice until you think about the fact that everyone else has the day off which is why the commute is blissful.
hey Harry(: how are you doing today? i enterd the competition to win a call from you guys! i hope i win!!(:
UNC SILS has a new Dean! RT just signed a career change letter, official word to work out in bureaucrazy time.
I will stop a story after the first chapter, and sometimes after the first few paragraphs if the writing or plot is bad.
Best date spot for jello is
The "Avengers" movie is In theaters today. Who is your favorite character? Voice your opinion with a Qwip and share with friends!
That is too cute!
gorgeous day to be at husky Stadium! Looks like you managed to convince What are you doing after the #dawgsvictory?
awful decision
I'm Doing Well !!! How's Your New Job?
our boyfriends just left together . and left us here to die 😞
i dont care about what you gotta say.
what?o.O
And with the Galaxy S3 the screen won't turn off as long as your looking at it. And watch movies while text.
My husbands addicted to the google machine. Tonight's topic: Civic hf accessories.
Time for my 2012 MLB predictions
Awesome brunch yesterday and ! I will be thinking about it for the rest of the week!
Google+ was like the first time I saw Macintosh said during his Vic Gundotra interview #SXGoogle+
New VidLib reviews are in! "BLANK CITY captures a scene that was never pretty but left its influential mark on much of what came after."
As well, w/the #PaperTiger - err paper lamb - we have in the WH, #China will never be held accountable.
lmao!! So true
And this game is
Follow my Bestfriend she's kool like ice
RT : Need help PLN, teaching about Edmodo and I need some examples that I can share with other educators
Still small but we are working on it. We'll make sure to remind you of this tweet when we are!
What does that mean?❤
K,im getting off Twitter :) ill text you! :)
NYU to open frozen yogurt chain
Leeeeeeeeeettttttttttttttssssssssssssssss GET READY TO READ SOME NEW COMICS!!!!!
Next up: the first amendment on Carlson on the Law at
How is the bar bar...I anticipate cocktails for brunch & food at the cookout
Interject as a "ein blankes Türkenschwert." Or with cookies.
I would go to Florida for some family time.
The problem is that I'm the Juliet locked away in a tall tower but no Romeo has been brave enough to break me out.
rubs eyes in shock liking what I see!!! (=
1 of 2: Eric Cantor on FOX 2day: Cantor insisted that Congress should rely on America’s wealthy “to take care of income disparity”
Chiropractic adjustment! This is going to be AMAZEBALLS.
no me hables de comida que me estoy reventando but u know me . Idk when to stop
I only go ham on taco bell after the club yo
great idea! see ya later!
My brain is shifting into *Eep! Excited! Lots of things to do! Must pack! Must do everything at once!* Not conducive to sitting and working.
I agree. You're entitled to your opinions. I encourage you to research as much as you can to validate those opinions.
Rangers/Devils should be a good series too
Wantin on dat special some body that I can mine
just like #crystalpepsi is rare
oh we do
hey liam you going to make a Twitcam? xx
I'm so sleepy, but it's hard to sleep with a crying child.
“: a Relationship is Not About Sex.!” take that tweet to church haha #YouAllReadyKnow !!
"It sounds funny coming out of my mouth to say Madonna sings one of my songs." -Priscilla Renea on her song "Love Spent"
Confirmed. Director Joe Carnahan hired a trapper to kill 4 #wolves for #TheGrey. The cast ate 2.
[LIVE TWEET] Idea that democracies may be able to cope with climate change
I have a crazy headache. Pray for me
Enjoy paintballing buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I would even go so far as to say the anal probe SHOULD be incorporated into clown porn.
. Nice to see you in DC today. Safe travels home and #GoBlue!
Thanks Laura. Anything for me to check out of yours? You're in Burbank, that's my hometown and where my studio's at!
Looking for toys carved by a toy maker from 1942 Occupied Bohemia that can be used as props for
Money is needed to live. Make money though..do not let it make you. Do not let it control you to the point you make irrational decisions! RS
I hope my will come through against the Mighty Heat, time tell..
You are welcome. Have you ever tried Downtown Comedy Club? It is like performing in your Mom's living room. Awesome!
who the hell thinks it's spelled AIDES???
No need to adjust your screen.....Knicks lead 27-8......
When you're in love, you wake up a litte happier in the morning
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
You know... You look fat.... when you cry. (my dodgeball team name)
no I didn't! I've been hardcore studying! AH. omg adorable.
“: #NowPlaying Jay-Z - Money Ain't A Thang” <<<y'all wanna floss wit us?.... Love that song!
And that's why you're "the Great"!
WE HOPE YOU DO !
..i feel the same way when I want an brownie ala mode drizzled in hot fudge...
me and have the funniest conversations ever.
Thanks for the I'm on FB too www.facebook.com/remingtonproperties
Where is the weirdest place you've found wifi or a place to plug-in away from the office?
just finished writing to these hot tracks my boy wiz gave to me, his beats are incredible!
Dedication: CHERIE MELVILLE-LIDDLE, Miss you & love you.
Glady's is a damn fool.. This woman is crazy!! Hahhaaaaa
I just realized you were following me! thanks so much!
Almost done being sick...LOL! Well, I hope! It's colder and still raining!
The fan page is growing, please put the word out to your friends help us get to triple digits.
i feel so out of the loop. no time for the twitter, the fanbook, blogs or anything anymore!!
Manson purloined from The Beatles;U2 stole it back; but I'll toss Rattle & Hum 4 the The White Album;Bono doesn't Helter Skelter it for me.
Recorded audio on iPhone hope it is super usable
What's up Cuzzo!
The #1 weight loss "trick" for long-term success is to surround yourself w/people who love to exercise & eat raw or vegan.
#Foxtrot 7.0 has incredible Excel targeting actions. Foxtrot automates interaction with individual cells giving users robust functionality.
Drink.Drank.Drunk
Have you ever tried secret shopping? It saves me a ton of cash.
O good table! My family rolls deep.
did u follow me if not please follow ;)
that shit is hard
According to a recent evaluation from one of my students, I have have "really good hair." Mission Accomplished.
Great to have my daughter home from
Wow ... it's already time to renew season tickets!
amen “: I am completely dedicated to making them better, hoping to have the same in return!”
What is the equivalent of "serving" someone on twitter? We need slang for that.
When ignores my phone call <<
Hahahaha, I didn't notice! I am blind !!!!
Everyone knows #CharismaticCredit leads to
Y'all on one but I'm on mine
Its in Fort Lauderdale, Downtown by Revolution live.
I really need to go out tonight
Listening to reminded me of the early days of the web. It was jaw dropping to find a like-minded soul in cyberspace.
The University of North Carolina has scheduled an appeal with John Middlebrook concernng their suspension in football.
Follow me, I follow back!!!:))
Th. 8.20: Amazing artist and one of the funniest cats I've ever known. Come check out the artshow...details on sandiegoDTOWN event calendar
lol I actually wanna see it too, I feel I have to take a female with me though :)
refollowing niggas while my ass still has yet to receive a follow at all! #zamnzaddy #itsallgoodinthehood (>_<)
RIP little bird on 76.
show tits
Been an incredibly long time since I've tweeted. I should probably start doing that again.
same phone. When I moved it over to a new computer I lost my ringtones. So I had to make new ones
Yes I did notice my hair was magenta. Thanks for pointing it out anyways?
Its so dam hot in my house this shit is about to make me miserable
Almost finished with "Brother, Can You Spare A Hundred Thousand Dollars?"
Or are you gonna be like those big accounts that barely follow anyone /: ok
thanks! Turns out the att upgrade worked awesome, but I appreciate it!
Capital Beerfest and Brewers Showcase today at cal expo. Entrance is at gate 12. Enjoy!
BABY COME BACK! LET US LOVE YOU
RT What goes around, goes around, goes around.....Comes all the way back around.. ..o second that!!
BREAKING: The Red Sox have recalled Luis Tiant from the 28-year disabled list
I see. Well it's not going to a referred journal so I'm not too worried. Thanks for the insights :)
Have faith. Or blind ambition. Preferably both.
lol no not in the least... but its so good! =]
you are a creeper. Just kidding! Just kidding! But I miss you. So that's all that matters.
You can find some great stuff there lol
Datechguy's Blog » Blog Archive » MSNBC: “Men don't need women ...
Perfect game #WhiteSox!!!
I would've been cooked breakfast if I had some breakfast food at the crib haha.
Everyone who's ever taken a shower has an idea
Walking at Graduation
That-a-way uconn!!!!
Pet peeve: people who clip or file their nails on public transportation.
it was 2 hours and 35 seconds. Happy Easter by the way.
Hot Wing Hangover.
Just unfollowed a few lames that obviously only followed me 4 a followback...
I'm definitely headed in the right direction
Can Peyton bring the Mile High Magic? Waiting for an update....
Keep your mouth closed and let your eyes listen
are you at home?!
When I say Ttyl it don't mean you ask, why??
I see you! *waving*
for another 3-6 months ! But I only have to wear it 2 hours a day.
Farewell to a truly great year.
FOLLOW FOR ME ==> PLEASE GO ! I am very please follow is my new account please everyone :)
if you have access to some newsy comm real estate data, I'd be interested in both! ;)
Almost 900 followers! Hooray!!!!!!!!!!!
Hang in there,
Chillin wit the twin an clownin
News Woods: Williams has apologized over racial slur Tiger Woods says his former caddie Steve Williams is not racist and has
Star Wars > Anything else.
Hey babeh I know I wanna marry you<3
Just seen ona boulevard!
We are back!!!!! and the vacation was kick ass!!!
Beautiful Preview Night at the Smithsonian Craft Show! Can't wait to get back this morning.
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Establish Your Credibility Through Association, Conduct, and Results. "
IF HE WON THE LOTTERY, WHAT WOULD HE DO WITH THE MONEY
Hahahaha there's a Kanye West video on The Cool TV that's all intentionally datamoshing/glitch effects. Wait til Kanye discovers gifs
Heard u joined chipndales?
Pete will never not be a punk
Lord, Help us to trust and believe in You more. When we began to doubt You, decrease our unbelief and increase our faith.
Add our official Facebook page (Irival rock) so we can keep u updated on the new songs. :)
i've heard tweetdeck, but haven't tried myself. Ps. Love the icon!
today's #TrendsTues is Jewelry! What is your fave piece right now everyone MUST have? xox
Congrats to on his NBA Rookie of the Year award. Class act. Cavs future bright with Irving, Tristan Thompson and lottery pick.
another day clearing the driveway.
i am just a guy looking to control his own fate. I am going to china see what opportunities exist and learn about the culture.
It is time to head off to my office.
yes it did. was so much fun. called you back. hope you are great. looking forward to seeing you sat at bridal shower yayayay
When your grandma goes to Steak N' Shake and brings you back a dark chocolate milkshake >>>>>
The last four burgers I've ordered Medium Rare at various restaurants have all come out Well Done. This is ridiculous.
Checkout Effective Marketing Tool see mysite: www.Video-TV-Email.com C Live-Web-Demo at 8:15pm Aoril20 www.connieislive.tv
I love how you can just put a winky face in reply to anything and make it awkward.
WHEN LILBOOSIE CUMING OUT WIT A NEW MIXTAPE LIKE WEE NEED RAPPERS LIKE HIM FUCK THA POLICE BITCH TAKE MEH TUH
I'm not a religious person, but if I was, I would have to believe that being O.J. Simpson's lawyer has got to be a direct ticket to hell.
Nope. I say that word to my son all the time. He prefers "o e o ah ah" though.
hey man I don't like taking pictures lol
Missing dog Clay was spotted a few times today near 41st & Guion; he's quite a runner. Please continue to keep eyes peeled
I miss you
It's nice to see we're not the only ones awake :)
awesome my favorites are Charlotte and real estate lol
I'm sure that will work out for you...lucio could be your pimp
What is the perfect #MarchMadness app to pair with a "new" #iPad ?
Or wing woman :) Have you reached out to all of your "watchers"? Maybe send them a tweet or FB message.
good luck! I love DC. Soak it up.
Watching Jimmy Carter: Man From Plains - I`ll say this, the man has huevos & is not afraid to defend his position on the Middle East.
Because of the internet people you haven't talked to in years can look for your website and send you a message..everyday is a new adventure!
My mom and I go to the dentist...who gets hit on in the waiting room? My mother! Haha
thank you! We really enjoyed having you come to #p2accessorize4mom today. Enjoy picks :)
im confused do u live in NY or NJ?????
he's a stoic, but mine are "same kind of different as me" & "southern fried divorce" RT Top picks so far?
Happy baby Jesus day!!!
Trust your gut feelings.....they are usually right!
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
AFAIK, the email went out this morning, and I *think* there was a tweet or two last week about it?
Red Nation- The Game
We're excited to be at #PLA12 in Philly today! Tweet back to find us and talk about some of the great authors we're sending to libs
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence then success is sure.
Nice work using the Crunchies podium to recruit. You almost need to win the Crunchies to hire tech talent in the valley these days.
Yesterday cold wet weather... Today NiCE dry and SUNNY!!! :)
Ball don't lie
We have advance tickets for the July 24th show at The Chameleon Club with Framing Hanley & Transmit Now. $12 each. Contact us to get yours.
Q: Do you call 12/31/11 New Year's Eve 2012 or New Year's Eve 2011? Is it the year it's becoming, or the year of the eve itself?
crab cakes! Delicious.
My sister said I wish you listen to regular music I said I do she said no you dont all you listen to is trey songz....that is reg music
Love this! recommends visiting the for videos with captions AND transcripts!
I would like to thank my friends for being absolutely fucking hilarious. Without you I would have zero content. xoxo -commutergirl
Heading to the West Coast on business!!!
Keep it up Jets
Uh...honey?...what's this about a car bomb?
OKC/MIA is must see TV. The only thing missing is the John Tesh NBA on NBC theme.
Top 10 #Soccerisms by NASCAR FANS: She's all tore up.
Nice! There's the rest of my night. Thanks for sharing!
Young & Reckless
Just learned of your struggles. I am sending prayers and hugs to you and your family. God bless!
Rode my horse to class today.
Sorry! What a mess! hahaha
OMG amen to that tweet <3 :D
Just created a local authority term for the Princeton Wawa. My work here is done.
OK, that's the second uniform disaster I've seen this week. And I LOVE throwbacks.
okay. just got out of the shower. I'll be around because you know me, I don't like to sleep. hah.
Bout to be at my 500th tweet.!
Golden Panthers showin louisville da PAW!!
Posting some tech positions on craigs list and linkedin. Will be interesting to informally assess the cost-effectiveness and quality of cvs
that is so great, I'm glad to hear it!! I hope they have an amazing experience.
No doubt, that's a good move for both sides all the way around.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers who raised all the momma boys!!!!!lol
Feel free to shoot links, additional information this way as well! :]
How romantic and perfect would it be if I went to a concert or speech with my lovely bitch omg, I would die ♥.
I don't feel like being bothered, I'm not in the mood.
Thank you all people who follow me greatly appreciate it I truly hope I do not hurt peoples feelings w/ my opinions.Green is keen solar wind
Ray Bradbury's Tales of Terror #1. There's an adaptation in there of a short story I discuss at length.
so am I. I hate it cause I live in Florida and that's all people seem to do.
All men of action are dreamers.
Having a hard time feeling like doing anything today. Tuesdays are weird without class.
Quote: "I Was A Thug In That Elvis Suit Dont Get It Twisted"
We are fillin up fast!!! Bar top already full!!
thanks MB! Hope all is well!!!
Jon Glaser = solid dude. Michigan guy. My early pick for Bridgetown 2012 MVP.
yeah I have no idea what that means. I went ahead and booked a new flight on a leak-free plane.
movie night with the besties
both works for me i get out of work at 6!
#FF be in the know about DPain and the Ruff Justyce Crew....
Seeing "like this in 3 seconds if you care, & keep scrolling if you don't.. " means nothing. Makes me wanna ignore that shit even more.
Sweet dreams Ariana! I hope someday you'll follow me!
#SwampPeople Go Liz!
You should have gotten the big one, lol.
To a woman in love, loving too much is not loving enough.
Teachers really think we're gonna work?
music music music :)
hahaha its gross and im listening to christopher brown
I know. He's made some great movies. Him and joss Whedon, there was little chance for error.
aww, don't worry that much well at least try not to! I'm sure you'll do good!
We always love to hear your favorite artist is at the moment!
I did! It's adorbs!
please marry me .
Planning on being #creative today & creating some great tutorials on finding newspaper & magazine circulation stats in SRDS.
yup! and there was a class in there right after he spoke so we had to finish up by the elevator :( not cool.
sometimes it feels *exactly* like this.
Lmao! Define good?
Article on film AND q&a w/ two-time rider of year John Jackson are DONE. Feeling good. 9/20 at Crest Theatre in Sacramento!!!
Please follow me!!!:)
I find Ke$ha hits to be strangely motivational. Maybe it's like, YEAH, if Ke$ha can make this much money wasted, I can write this essay!!!
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it, misdiagnosing it and then misapplying the wrong remedies.
I get to see tonight! My day is better than yours!
Everyone Be Winter Time Loving
Just saw #AttacktheBlock. Great flick! Very funny. Bound to be a cult-classic!! :-)
the right!!!
: Afea, I'm @ City Hall waiting for you for our meeting today @ 3pm.
She probably did. I'm pretty sure she thinks Makela and I are crazy.
im with you!
Neighbor put up yard sign for (R) Andy Pugno 6th dist. assembly Ca. Looked him up. Leading attry for biggest group against same sex marriage
Laundry duty on the line #kinectcontest is going down
Good morning everyone...it begin kinda rocky.. up from the dream..down from waking up to nonsense...and I pray up 4 the rest of the day
I like kids good enough. and it's okay, lmao. I'm not ballin' but I can buy art supplies, y/y?
Any media people at there needing someone to fill show time? Have someone who can speak on mortgage fraud and how to address the banksters.
regret got shit on what u feeling now
no problem and thank you (:
It simply sucked; I'd take any fast food burger over this crap.
HAPPY 4TH!!! BE SAFE! <3 RT : Happy 4th everybody!! Makin things go "BOOM" !!
Yep, they handled my last move 4 years ago. Respectful & efficient. Not as expensive as some movers. Where's your new place?
I just realized, after all these years, that I'm goofy.
:D GUESS WHAT
ya....if only we were twins
beadles forever !
I say call Threadgill's and get the 4 veggie plate to go. With the butter beans. :-P
#NF Follow back :)
This site is on it's way to being HUGE, couldn't be easier to start earning, and it's FREE to join!!
The air smells so clean and like spring. This may be the one thing I prefer about being in NJ than NYC.
I might be lol Idk Why?
m hot chocolate.
phones dead
we <3 you too!
Having an awsome day!
My 'Similar to You' box lists , and
I consider sandals to be different from Flip Flops
love ur icon! She's so gorgeous♥
Wit dude crazy!!!!
Great night of baseball, playoff atmospheres tonight in Milwaukee & San Francisco.
It pretty much sucks when every single traffic signal in the city is conspiring against you.
: wife just went to store with instructions: 24 beers. Good Quality. Made in Wisconsin.
What's the chance Oil Can Boyd and Ron Washington are home boys
So excited for today :)
RT : "Blog is center of the content universe. Content can come from anywhere and go to anywhere." -
you only live once, right? well it's about time I start living.
Already following :)
oh there removing the occupiers tonight. I thought you were going to cover it.
RT : 4 years 2day since our friend Kenneth passed away. Take time 2 remember how Ken lived & all the great qualities he lived by
why not? you should make one :)
Thanks for the RT! ~tail wag~ Tweet on ♪
In wilderness I sense the miracle of life, and behind it our scientific accomplishments fade to trivia - Charles Lindbergh
of course, my pleasure!
#Seahawks fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Cardinals #Seahawks)
I was singing in the shower this morning because their were record producers in my shower this morning.
I won't be there. SORRY.
The best part of Thanksgiving? Making cranberry sauce. Watching those boiling berries burst is breathtaking.
I fall asleep so fast.
We are setting up our booth #AVXpo! Join us tomorrow at booth 901. Find out more information at W.rakansystems.com
so now... I'm overwhelemed with exitement over . imagine how 's heart must be beating out of his chest.
hahahaha♥♥ you read my mind
Tie ballgame.
Magazine just emptied in near earshot 22nd St Paul. Ghetto bird keeping good company.
I would put it on him. He would be cumming before he gets inside...lol
Love to the team. Y'all have made the big 3-9 much less painful. Thank you!!
I wonder if cowboy hats are coming back in a big way ;-)
Wonderful day with my family, they make everything so much better :)
heading to the acc championship carolina game with my son, what could be better?
To everyone swimming at Sectionals this weekend
lol I didn't see test...watching boring man movies.
#libjobshadowFL I'm writing an article for our local gov promoting our free classic ebook QR code thingie. Yes, thingie is the proper term.
Tribalism is a better social arrangement than what we presently have ; at least, there was concern for the others. Nowadays, it's all hitech
when you have a friends you start to think whats friends if it dont count meaning lets do business and do this right
Word count quotas work for me. Right now, it's 1k per day. Most summers, 2-3k per.
Jus made it in the crib its 6am here in da CHI another day of grindin puttin in #work so sleep den..uh...back at it NEVER SLEEP TIL ITS DONE
On guidance: Everybody says they want to be free. Take the train off the tracks and it's free-- but it can't go anywhere. ~ Zig Ziglar
The next Booze Camp event is going to involve Yazoo beer and pizza. Because, well, I like beer and pizza. Stay tuned, lemmings.
DM me on my personal or business page, or just text me.. You got the number.
Skype interview at 3. Freakin' out a little bit
RT: NC votes in favor of constitutional ban of gay marriage. #OneDayWeWillWakeUp >>Wow not my understanding of the purpose of Constitutions.
Free your mind and THINK people!
FYI RT : Strip club etiquette: Don't lick your strippers back. This is frowned upon : (
1789: George Washington gives first presidential inaugural address (Presidential)
Full credit to ,a great follow!
Save us
I have a few. #ISTE12 and I am a trainer for NCSS this summer. Among other projects. You?
Best practice awards presented at ESI forum, great peer input. Check SIW for the latest on the Leadership Summit and Forum.
Once again..... I now refuse to use UPS anymore.
Do any of you have a boyfriend?
text me and when do u come home?
Id be such an asshole when I'm project manager.
music is one of the ways to express your thoughts and feeling to the person you wanted.
having trouble settling down to research and write up this wikipedia and the museum memo.
& yall LAKERS could use some elbow grease right about now, cus that dude is on his
I Love the way Sunny dances !
still haven't got that free sticker
Wearing a hoodie for TRAYVON!
Love some Dawson's. Successful media event at IMS?
Love is the affection we show to others in need. Selfishness is not love.
haha, I mean my shaoyang/jueyin axis is crackling! The qi is moving, my eyes are bright!
I am trying to maintain an attitude of gratitude!
This happens every fucking time
I just ate #macandcheese without the milk...
loved it!
Follow back pls ♥
If you missed Pig Iron's Hams Across America, quick review: glorious, & everything that Sens. Coburn and McCain thing is wrong with the USA
I love red on a red-head.
Australian punter Brad Wing a key to victory for LSU tonight, was a field position battle. Also, Charlie Day will rock SNL tonight!
and I are gonna be the cutest. Be jealous.
I suppose I should be baking a cake then too...hahaha.
How did you know?
Good luck!! I know! I never know what to write. Just say "I'm awesome. Hire me." The end!
#first40songsonshuffle 5. fall out boy - the take over, the break's over
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"..
His smile still gives me butterflies. Even when I roll my eyes on the inside. When he smiles my smile answers involuntarily.
2 weeks. 3 if you wanna be optimistic...lmbo.
Hope it is a great show!
I took a double take of yo pic and your name popped in my head lol
Learning is NOT snobbery.
Audition for a Vt lottery commercial today and another for a Vt waiter in a major motion picture tomorrow. Representing my home state baby!
There are also some free spaces churches are providing!
#30waysToMakeAGirlSmile share stupid jokes and zombie impressions
Well not anymore! I stand corrected
haha, good call
That is the history. Dems cozied up to corporate $ in the 90s. We see what it bought us.
Did the #P90X plyometrics and #AbRipperX workout this evening.
Cory Booker is your fixie, made you a Spotify playlist, shoveled your walk, etc
Back then, we had three feet of snow in May in SD too.
Please RT whatever you find out. Sounds like something parsed together by a Chinese spambot.
When are you in NYC? Will buy you coffee, tea, or cheap comestibles of any ethnic persuasion.
#duh actually try to meet up with me this time
Collaboration between RoHK venues...difficult?easy?d
sexy hussy
q6 #libchat put the naysayers in their place. they have input into decisions ... *an* input ... but not veto power
I'm gonna go crazy!
We all speak of acceptance and I think acceptance should be less of us expecting others to change and more of us changing our expectations
That's why I follow you. You tweet what I'm thinking. :)
- Awesome (I'm SoCal/LA as well)! Chocolate. Rum. Stout. Yes, please. If the #CBC12 wasn't last wkend, I wdv been there.
I agree w/ Judy. I think 12 pm EST works best, get those early or late depending on area.. & as mentioned, Wed
I saw BB the first month I moved to WI. B/w seeing them & being in Madison, I was convinced my life could not get any better.
Watching the Texans vs Steelers <3
interesting! It would be great to see even an informal evaluation.
video is more damning/immediate than text.
How Are You? :D
a few people walk while most people sit...a few people run while most people walk...when most people are running it is time to fly...Dream!!
The party is poppin
'its like youre extremely girly, but still a badass'
Hell > Spanish class
are they going to be better then the whack ass pats
"You must jettison your tidy plans and respond to its demands." Hilary Mantel, quoted in today's Shelf Awareness.
good advice from a wise child.
thanks for the follow! I have been loving your site lately!
i sat on the porch and hoped and prayed for a dad to show up who never did
I'll see you there Chris!
he looks the same. Dorian Gray.
It's funny, you think that is a joke...so sad.
How long have you guys been in business?
Never been happier to be in a dry safe hotel. See you in Salt Lake City!
Congrats ladies! MT: Congrats to SDSU softball! MWC regular champs. They don't use nets, but CUT THEM ALL DOWN ANYWAY!!!
Saw a post about Vodburner for recording Skype video. Is Vodburner NTSC? I bought evaer and found it was PAL & useless.
Attending NTEN Book Club online: Media Rules! by Brian Reich and Dan Solomon
You can do it! Maybe a few green beers will help? :)
War on Drugs: textured chug, smartly weary lyrics make for fantastic records & meh shows. 2nd time seeing em; not totally connecting.
Diablo 3's secret world discovered
yeah me too, make sure you keep in touch! Haha stay cool! (end of the year yearbook quote) haha
oh you little engineer you ;)
I'm waiting for Amazon to deliver my copy! RT it's the US and UK release day for A Discovery of Witches.
so then that means Red Dragon gives you the poopies?
Thats what I mean. If you wake up with crazy hair... wet that shit and blowdry doll!
DONT SPAM US OR TWEET US MUSIC!!! AT AL
yes it would!
Are you seeing #Avengers this weekend?
Inside and out. RT : You are so beautiful!!
Highest rated and cheapest protein on the market and it's called egg white, but don't forget to eat the yolk with it.
youre the best! Thanks!
SAT are coming up soon. I'm stressing.
Hi Nat...how are you? I was just thinking about you and wanted to check in! Hope you're doing well, love you!!
Let's go packers!
Renee's only been on #DesperateHousewives 2 seasons but it seems like she's always been a part of it. It's my favorite Vanessa Williams role
Who's +21 or has an ID & wants to be my partner in crime for the club & Cinco d Mayo after party?!? P.I.C. gets compensated in tequila ;)
Wow, Tri-City then pulls ahead. Brendan Shinnimin puts the Americans up 3-2 with less than five minutes to go in Kennewick.
Bitches be Hoes Niggas be hoes I don't see the difference!
RT About half of all US citizens live within a 500 mile radius of Richmond, Virginia.
clean up your act or we'll do it for you!
If an ignorant person is attracted by the things of the world, that is bad
yeah i know :) sokaayss. Anything about exam?
Our lives are embraced by a glow… which our darker moments helped to create... FMHY <3
Excited to chill with my bro tomorrow!
"WE RUN THE AUC" T-12 ENTERTAINMENT #HEAVVYYY FOLLOW US
I hate French class -_-
Taking short ride to Jekyll island to shoot this morning. Were already in st Simons :)
RT Now following> via the homie
lol, I wil *try* to enjoy myself.....
To my fellow Phillies Tweeters: Acceptable to wear Burrell jersey tomorrow to Nats stadium now that he's going to retire as a Phil?
Hell yeah! The Texas heat is just what I need!
omg come over im watching a walk to remember
Any gay boys wear women's panties? Just wondering.
Let's Go Panthers!!!!!
sorry I meant going are you going to eyecon
It can be overwhelming some days as I think of all that I need to accomplish...this is when I remind myself to work the Criticals first <3
fear of "acting white" is gross oversimplification
"It's been on my mind, I know its not what I want but you've taken me to this and I'm feeling its the only way for you to open your eyes."
and then bludgeoned them to death with a hammer
Not sure i'll ever be able to give up on Fashion.. So Addicted!!!
it must be tasted to be believed.
Today: NJ. Dinner w/aunt & cousin. Tomorrow: Albany. Dinner w/! Fri-Sat: 's wedding! Sun: NYC. Lunch w/!
will I be seeing you at Vitense today?
whats up man, ready for big blue weekend?
: metadata management needs to be distributed throughout the press, not left in the hands of just one person.
I prefer Coke to Pepsi!!
i cant go without make up today to work my eyes are just out of this world, well they are like dead from the night...thanks dad!
Thank you #Braves for being ready to roll so early in the year and pick me up from hockey fallout!
For once I have no homework
7am business calls. That's how we do.
Hangouts sound really cool, but I feel like not enough of our supporters are on Google+ to where we could use it?
Workin all day
i saw that. Our state politics is the most clumsy on this planet.
k & Jocelin just told me she was going to go back out with you . Your welcome :D
Happy Mother's Day to all Wombed-Men (WOMEN)!!! You are blessed & highly favored of the Lord! Much Love & Hugs!
hahaha yeah, it's kinda fun xD
#ReplaceSongTitleWithJerry let me love jerry. :D
": That's my BF!!! Lol"come get him then
Hoping that my cold subsides some for tomorrow! Want to be able to taste some beers!
Not even tired
haha, they better get going the season starts in 7 days
completed Chapter 9 in
When Someone Is Doing Your Hair & They Say "Oops"
do it! He has some annoying commentary he would like to fling your way!
That's what I heard. Congrats,
And happy game day! 🍀 Good luck to the boys in Chi-town!
EMMA'S MISSING THE POINT.
wheres the dance att? the double tree??
Because of their toughness, you might have a head-cracking strategy on bending them
I miss the way that shit used to be between us, before all this lil kid shit came between us....
i am indeed! for the first time since like thursday!!! thank goodness this craycray weekend is over
What'z goody cuz!) Hope u good your way!
good looking out! I think I was so pumped at wanted to share that I wasn't cautious of my spelling haha
you are so pathetic.
Haven't slept that well in a long time. It wasn't the longest sleep but def was a peaceful/uninterrupted/mind shut down sleep!!
I love my #Bold #9930 paired with my #PlayBook. It is a winning combination.
hey! Omg
Thanks for the story pickup, Ricardo.
Technical difficulties. Five minute break.
MSNBC -->Could Vonn be Phelps of Winter Olympics? ME-->No, she is the Vonn of Winter Olympics!
hell no lol thats Noah's girl and it's about nobody just a girl I want to be with that is my type
Standing in people's yards with binoculars looking for our cat #stalkers 😜
The thing i Liked about the Song was his Voice . i wouldnt Like it if it werent For his Voice .
Rather use it towards beer...then charity!!!
Helping to #EmpowerWomen - Everything will be alright in the end so if it's not alright it is not yet the end
what the hell would I do without your DVR lmao
Headed to C'bus for OEA! Should be interesting
At the A where Laura Bradley will again do double national anthem duty for the Heat and Raptors.
Morning squat session and now up the mountain for some snowboarding. Stupid? We shall see...
If you could jump on a plane right now and travel to any destination, where would you go?
If minority kids should be forced to work, according to Gingrich, what should rich kids be forced to do?
dude, you killed it tonight on the voice!
For instance.
I need to get to Rivers Edge for a class asap! I am also addicted to arm balances & am graduating from TT next month! Woo!
"People don't do what is expected, they do what's inspected," 's dad.
I'm probably not going to open the instagram app for while, or check facebook, only because I already know what coachella looks like
Told you, just too amazing! (: June 25th, 2011. We almost a full year together. OmG! 😲
omg. If you're right, I will bow down to you. a;lfjaa;fkjasdfkslf. I hope they come. :o
hello Sierra! How r u???
You don't act like it.
Should the Mets trade Oliver Perez for Carlos Zambrano and cash?
Me too :). Feel like I have out grown it and am no longer interested.
bet ima hit u up n a min gota get my jr ready 4 school
"I turn .. and look to the American people, and to that God who has never forsaken them." #quote Abraham LIncoln:Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
what? only if it's on a hit primetime show.
Who wants to move to Spokane, WA and open a bike shop called SPOKEkan!!
I hate how Issac sounds in Spanish ,
hahaha, yeah maybe this time around we should give you one
RT : happy bday Nancy!!!! <<Thanks D! I hope you are well!
but boxing is dead tho ... lol
Oh my God, this is so stupid I'm in tears.
Jod, is that you? Welcome to the Twitterverse!
Hey Friends, just a quick reminder that we'll be closed today—Tuesday, May 1st—in #Solidarity with #MayDay and all it represents for
I fucking hate shopping.
Aaron has my phone. I went back to jbluff
hit me wit a follow back. check out some trax follow lets do it big in 2012 get back at me.
First launch of Amex Open API's #amexopen #reinventlocal. Amex and a hackathon, who would have thought? Great initiative by a great brand
The Devil Wears Prada, ITV used to be Granada, I like Groove Armada, Let's all go down the strand, Have a Bannana! that's all i'm saying!
Seth Godin entertaining, but his gaze into the crystal ball needs a fact checker
Hey did you hear it's Scottsville's tour of the town today? Artisan shops, family theater, farmers market so cute, so quaint, so Scottsville
Sorry! Something, buy u. lol
.Good evening!!!!
Everybody needs a hero in their life. #Follow and get your #Hero on...
Way to go!
"Julie wants the D. Get it, because your name is David." Omg, go die.
Putting finishing touches on a banger that I produced and cowrote with EPIC!! I love the creative flow. Now on 2 the next1
Don't believe #SocialMedia is/will be important? MILLIONS of iPads will be sold THIS WEEK alone!!!
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is #progress. Working together is #success. -Henry Ford
Aw, thanks. Good to see you, too. :)
I would get an ikeep for it
Thanks for hooking up!
About to go for a run in hot Atlanta. Followed by a swim. Ah the little things to look forward to.
I think there is a hole in the cup that had my creative juice in it. Had a full glass last night and today I only had a few drops.
RT : Don't miss this! #DWTS Finale Party May 22nd at with and
makes me wonder why this person was hired by ESPN in the first place. Will be interesting to see what else develops.
This man on this metro bus is getting on my last nerve.if you wanna preach,preach about something positive.not something ignorent & negative
So my psychology teacher called me a 'trollop' today in class.. that's just another word for whore. Thanks, Mrs. Smith.
oh...and you could check if anyone's playing tonight at the Pyramid Scheme.
happy birthday cesar chavez.
I am in love with the front end coworkers at #shaws #family COME HOME if your not already
Another glorious day and another opportunity to rise to the top with excellence. Praise God.
with crushed potato chips in the hoagie.
Took my weave out for a day, can you believe it
Hi Marie!! Things are wonderful...many unexpected surprises in 1st Q of 2012....how are YOU??
MY LIFE. : It just occurred to me that I'm not leaving any of you. You're all gonna still be in my grade. And I hate you all.
Gettin' real RT> That big #m1pdx march...van full o' riot cops headed toward the thing. The crowd is snaking south on 5th.
sleepy it was a pretty rough storm here today
Dinner and a movie! // What’s everyone doing tonight?
Tweeting my cuzzin from about 10 ft. away...
my brother coming home tomorrow!
i would rather speak the truth directly to someone than grin f*ck them & talk behind their back.
Wonderful to at AAC this evening! Ready for the Mavs to get back on track. Need to take care of biz on the interior and box out Gasol 2
u piss me off for some reason
Not Gone Let This Shrimp Go To Waste.I'm Starving
“By changing nothing, nothing changes.” -Tony Robbins
Any idea why she didn't seek a wider view? Aka, bowling alleys, VFW, hair salons, taverns, Rotary mtgs. More to small towns?
Phrases U Like To Hear: Nice Abs! What a Hottie! Lookin Tight! Ur Ripped! 40% Off Supplements!
They way the Pacers keep missing their free throws, Larry Bird must be rolling over in his grave.
Richmond bound tomorrow for a conference. I'm featured speaker.
Reading for preliminary exams has commenced. Until late June, I will have my head buried in a stack of history/science books. Wish me luck!
The past 2 nights my dreams have been filled with images/stories that would put most horror films to shame.. What the F*CK is going on?!
Dude before the season. That's too far away.
And you expect me to believe that .?
Just done almost a full day of manual labour fixing my roof. You won't catch me doing that too often.
Kobe straight up beasted it last night
Breakin open one of my Wisconsin imports, Lupulin Maximus. There's a hop cone in here? Sweet (A shout out to the supplier, )
Gonna be a busy weekend getting the site ready for launch... stay tuned! Gonna be awesome!
Aww how will Vegas ever be the same? :o) Safe travels and Happy New Year!
Hi Brent ;)
Wishing everyone a happy and safe new years. Huge things happening in 2012 for you and the IISA!
Did he just say "Ohio is a poor man's version of Kentucky"? The state or the team?
I always wondered why somebody doesn't do something about that. Then I realized I was somebody. ~ Lily Tomlin via
Do submit something to ! The articles we encourage are rigorous but shorter, more geared toward interaction.
Should I organize my day around seeing Sarah Vowell at the Brooklyn Public Library, or should I not? Seems an easy choice, m
lol I'm shocked they give it to him without a parents consent!
It's a great time to a member of the BBN!!!! If you don't follow , official music of the Coach Brooks tailgate party, do it!!!
I wonder if other Daily Razor sites are hacked? Anyone else?
LOL you were right, thanks.
Really interesting article about the US and Israel teaming up to destroy Iran's nuclear capabilities using the Stuxnet computer virus...
Gearing up for the 2011 AAEP convention in San Antonio, TX. Stop by booth 12016 and see us this weekend!
You already do on warnings and ejections.
does she have a facebook?! Did I miss something?
