I definitely meant Thursday.
you forgot !!
EXCITED TO SHARE that my client lost 60% body fat with me working with him. (C .Villar, DC) Ya-hooo!!
Thankful to all my new followers, but feeling anxious as I'm so behind in connecting w all of u!
nothing cool like that!
the police don't target or profile black n brown people, I'm sorry but that's laughable.
OMFG SHE BLOCKED ME.
! RT : "You really want somebody like that? Somebody who falls apart when you walk out the door?" - Toni Morrison
I added you already idk what mine is
You blow that money money..
: Thanks Jack, very kind of you. Have a great weekend!
Is #Cheerleading a #Sport? Read what a judge thinks here-ussportspages.com
aw its from this summer when these 3 girls won some m&g. i WISH it was new.
yea but he's gonna hv to do it all himself (w/Andrew if they utilize him correctly) so I don't see it happening
A Miracle of Love...
Whoever wins this game will be tired on Monday against OKC.
Going to fall asleep listening to the Brewer game tonight, nothing better. Only 8 months until the World Series
i hate algebra 😠
Not in the mood today! Sweats and messy hair is what's up
Gel nail polish was the worst idea. Can NOT get this off!
its whatever!!!
Y'all faking bout da shit!
It's only a matter of time before the money starts to roll in! ;)
Okay, maybe not Christmas. Like finding out your project assignment in a favorite class? Maybe? I've always loved the planning.
Nothing makes me want to put a gun to my head quite like the sound of moths bouncing off of light fixtures.
Waiting for the new Bond movie.... If you need a villain for the next one, let me know.....LOL
Thanks for the retweet! Go #Brewers and Go Amy!
:) how are you, Brian? Haven't tweeted with you, in awhile!
Good morning! Early one for me thanks to my youngest little boy. 4:00 a.m. is not quite what I had in mind.
Good morning my fellow TweetHearts...hope your weekend was as pleasant as mine!
What was your favorite holiday event this weekend? The Parade, , or the walkabout?
don't hate on the biebs! Lol
can we go beyond the gallery of thumbnails?
"MY" page, "MY" tweets...if you're easily offended about what " I " tweet, unfollow me :) ...not like I asked you to stay anyway lol.
But Wall Street doesn't need more regulation. No sirree.
love it ;) saving!
cause I have plans tomorrow with some one else so idk if I'm going or not
Oh.. can you follow me so we can message.. (;
Thanks for the follow, Aric.
I tried
just followed her man!
just sent u a direct message
Somebody keep me posted on this heat/pacers matchup...thx in advance
EVERYONE FOLLOW!!!
yea really...
It's going to get hot around here. Already is. Whew.
Happy birthday best friend ! 
These commercials #Winning have me weak everytime i see one.
The most important meal of the day w/
I feel like a hero and you are my heroine Do you know that your love is the sweetest sin?
-.--|! COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Just watched someone's donut tire blow out. That is some bad luck
no icing? Are you crazy?
VISUAL ACOUSTICS OPENS DECEMBER 11TH IN PORTLAND AT LIVING ROOM THEATERS AND IN ATLANTA AT PLAZA THEATRE.
Whats wrong with the cell phones
Call for Free Overnight Delivery! Last chance to get it in time for Christmas. 888-343-5638
Our 200th tweet!
;) RT : Even when local is a 2 hour drive! RT : #SMCNSB "It's all about making local connections."
ha ha I text you once :-) I no response :-( new number??
wow, the athiests have really zeroed in on that one
Ah...Just got a bio/artist statement request. Those things are so lame.
Why do people always have to be total dicks to me then wonder why I'm having a bad day?
that is awsome!!
God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us. -Romans 5:8
I NEED TO SHOWER NOW
Be Unstoppable!
was fantastic
Thanks for the heads up about the Share widget, I'll check that out!
Hubby ran 15 miles this morning. I took 2 kids to the grocery in the rain. Not sure who had it worse...
we're kindred spirits! :-)
Let's start a revolution, and this time change the rules of engagement. No violence, no outrage. Lets just get unplugged.
Tim Russell stole your money
I don't know too many like you
nice, what kind? I'm doing homework that I forgot about.
please supply us all with a quote of how much #NFC will cost to print on 10k printed postcards.
A1: only one really causes controversy with is players/reps -- this has an effect on many levels just depends what side ur on
“Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.”
memory lane....
2 chainz and champagne, you want true, that's true enough
Listening to my all time favorites and :)
you had to be a big shot last night??? // billy joel, big shot
thanks for the RT!
How was Marquee last night did you have fun with the boys after I left ?
RT are people going to respect who we are what were like if we are going to act like asses and step it up respect those who are around us
but I don't know; I've made more comments!
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
I like your backround :)
That moment when you go back through 30 issues of published content because what seemed like "a few issues ago" was really 2007.
Preparing for Prism launch week with - Get excited, !
wasn't this supposed to happen at 4pm est? LOL... hurry up my movie is about to start... ;-)
Watching So you think you can dance!<3
I ended up saving the aforementioned perfect stick. The time to spark will be revealed to me tomorrow by
NOH8?What does that stand for? Is that like Be A Star the anti bullying campaign WWE is doing?Thankyou for explainig it to me.
Compared to the outgoing model, the MKX has gained some noteworthy technologies, such as a new 3.7-liter V6
Gurls With All That Plastic Surgery. Need To Stop. You Dont Need That To Be Beautiful And All The Attention.Your Great Just the way you are.
I wonder how many of those 62% are reaching their target audience and engaging them.
Who's hungry?? NOLA Food has everything you need for finals!
I can't wait until this upcoming Andre 3000 Album!!! Do ya Damn Thang…You ain't Fresh Squeezed Juice Nigga You that Tang!!!
Love using MS Word snipping tool to add jpeg to #Animoto!
Human belief should not base itself on human traditions or authority.
Stinky Gringo Margaritas coming to Goody Goody stores in Texas soon! Ask for us!
RT : Romeo & Juliet isn't a love story. It's a 3-day relationship between a 13 & 17 year old that caused 6 deaths.
#Cowboys w a very nice pick, to say the least
oh, there is a new quest! Done!
was thinking of that today. I went to Cinco de Mayo and they had this weird mexican fruit syrup that said it could go on snoballs
Asian guy doung my nanas nails and my nana says this is a pretty table and he says "yeah and its not made in china" lmao
The water is powerful, I tell you.
Make your neighbors wall Jealous! Hang a #MIKELPATRIK original!!
Do not want to go to work today :(
Happy Hump Day all! Working on a children's charity art project today - so happy! Spreadin' the good vibes :) Xoxo
Job-wise there's been quite a few places hiring but I'm actually trying to relocate out of state. :P
Females Who Hold Their Man Down Through ANY Struggle Deserves NOTHING LESS than The BEST.
I love you too! (: how is school going for you??
Thanks for your feedback. It's much appreciated.
Chillin watching some netflix, successful day
thank god for Thai Truck Tuesday
Pay no attention to my last tweet i am I just bored AF rn...
RT : T3: Some #ACOs will succeed, some probably wont. Just like
walked around a bit, kinda reminds me of west hollywood
Hello to our wonderful mentors! Happy to see you on here!
Hope our new followers won't think it's a bait-and-switch when all we do is post about Body Count several times a day.
I used to think Lugo was just short for Logomasini
and I apply YOLO to everything in this career fair xD.
What hasn't mentioned is that he cut the foam around the items in the case. That's what's interesting about it. Apparently.
Turducken for dinner!!
#cil2010 where's lunch? Someone else must be hungry.
RT : According to the Sentencing Project, 5.3 million Americans are denied the right to vote because of a felony conviction.
did you know mystikal was in louisville tonight?
thanks for linking us!
Can't hurt! I'll do it, too. : Today I will send healing thoughts to troubled spots around the world.
Was outside playing with alex and brandons coon. :)
Turbulence at Spirit Airlines After CEO&#39;s Comments
I was on , and started laughing really hard when I saw that there was a One Condoms street team. Made my week. :')
#FF These people are doing big things too!
Life is good... I'm super busy between school, work, babysitting... How are you?
. looking forward to your SF show saturday. do you guys allow audience audio recording?
if I get 2 airport 2.5hrs early and earlier flight has room & is 15 mins from depart u shld accommodate not charge me
Watching New Orleans Hornets at Denver Nuggets with Viggle Fri | 7PM | Altitude Sports and Entertainment Network
Life is to short to not be yourself !<3
Can't wait to hear it!
I'm a lucky dad... they are super sweet kids
One thousand fans, hot d*mn! It feels good to be surrounded by so many great people.
yes hey arnold is the best
followed, RT my stuff please!!
Shutting down now....
To the easter traffic/people that made my wait at 20 minutes longer, I hope you all get nailed to a cross and Burned to death.
DOES ROC REALLY GOES W/ SOME GIRL CUZ IM CONFUSED.
My mom just told me I was an orange..
Wow, that's a joke for a narrow audience right there!
just found a branch had started on the wrong changeset, so he diff'd the bad start against the good start, edited the patch, and applied it.
I love you and miss you pretty girl! (:
February 15th is what our distributor says
Since I have started my New Years diet and training for boxing and MMA fights again, I have dropped two pants sizes! ;)
thanks for the tweet max!
Interception!!!! Suck it Trebeck
Wow! So fun getting to hang out at such a cool #portland urban
Looking for theorem 11.11 hoped it be the area of a unicorn....
I would kill for some philly cheesesteak spring rolls right now....
Tourism industry & DMOs want travellers to spend *more*. Travellers want to go more places, experience more for *less* money.
We left overstuffed, but here through the weekend and back next month!
Listen To The Things Someone Tells You When They're Pissed Off . . That's When The Truth Comes Out .
Dengue Fever - Sober Driver - 01:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Bring Back Ringer 11
Looking for a gift for a gift exchange. Any #Milwaukee specific ideas?
Sorry I was keeping you away from the gym. My bad! Totally my fault!
Oscar worthy RT : And the award for best actor goes to ... the punter from Wisconsin. Badgers are Big Ten champs
Went to the Brick Wall tonight. Had a Double Chocolate Stout. Reminded me of the chocolate stout I made B 4I tried to put cherries in it.
RT : SANTA arrives in #Littleton in 6 hours! Reindeer, candles, 1,000s of lights, free hot cider. Does it get any...
Flushed five dead frogs down the toilet today... #disgusting #neveragain. 🐸 🚽 😲
Cloudlands Opens tonight at South Coast Repertory!
"How to carve a turkey," "dog reindeer costume" and "umbrella hat."
it embeds XML in the source. If you got past that, you're dead to me.
or I wish I lived near by.
#NeverTellAGirl she's fat.
has a three day weekend. Wait. What?
Ha! Yes but I wonder how they can legally justify the arrest? Its bothering me. I gotta find out
If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.
tell us what we have to do to get ranked. We are already winning by shutouts. Donation to your favorite charity?
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you’ve imagined."
Jessica, can you call me at John Eichten at 612-333-7990 today, Monday? I have a question for you...
the house in kent
Can't wait for sushi tonight! :)
DC. Good to see so many people come out to support Red Baraat. Place was PACKED.
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!!
Watch ima give you an example
I'm thirsty...but the kitchen is stupid far
RT : Fiber makes apartment rentals more attractive 2 prospective renters #bbcsum12 <- Tweeps, hit me up for story I wrote on this
about $200k per pound
In February, Trade Press Services helped a vision solutions firm get published in a data center journal.
so down..... Again
She's back on FB and trying to ignore the class.
Stop the violence..
Fuck Fly I Am Fashion
Ugh do not want a midterm this morning.
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible. - Frank Zappa
Hey Tiffy here , I just gotta say I have mad <3 for you! Since day one u were and still are my fave BSB <3 u r amazing!
Today's K Atty Tip: agency's bidding on a project 4 u? Ask what the bill rate = 4 atty pay rate to find out what is REALLY the best deal.
Yes! Good first step - but it is definitely a bit more fun to have a variety of flavors. :)
i second that!
One last blast of nice weather coming through. Well, we can hope for one more after this.
Roaaarrrr! This week's interview goes into the depths of the bear and cub communities. Come out come out wherever you are--
RT : RT : If a guy can’t handle you in sweat pants, he sure as hell doesn’t deserve you in a wedding dress.
FayetteB2B tomorrow at noon. Fayetteb2b.com.
It's a shame couldn't last longer than 10 hours of drinking today
very dissapointing outing Saturday DC United vs. LA Galaxy draw, but we didn't loose
not lying at all :p
kicks off in the #cmlounge at #sxsw convention center! Come one, come all and see this app showdown!
text me shanice
Happy birthday nigga!
#RAW Brock Lesnar is what the wwe has been missing.
is that the Tennessee Challenege or Sea Rays?
Who would've thought that my broken german will get me a nice room at a hostel in
Dont be an inconsistent supporter! Despite the fuck ups show them luv like they won the championship. Win lose or draw!!
Usa wants iran to return the drone that was flying over iran??? Bitch #whatwasyouthinking ?
Wrestling with a mild #billycurrington addiction and I didn't even think I liked country music!
this is really true
Ahoy, there! Thanks for the follow!
V is for dinosaur! I wish I were French...
#foreveralone ?!?! Are you kidding! Hahaha your the sweetest guy, anybody would be lucky to havee you<3
First day of spring break and im going to the doctor...
Listening to THG soundtrack and score. TY, :-) Nice way to wake up.
seriously RT'ing everyone but me .. Ok.
Great resource!
“: do you girls have a CD out yet? I keep looking for it but can't ever seem to find one! Thanks and keep up the great music!” YES!
Aww. What a sweet trending topic. You guys are gonna make me cry! Forever in MY heart, too. Love you all.
Just got this text, "So far gone" .. .. .. -___- .. .. .. Wth be going through people's minds?! Ask me do I care, gone is good lol damn
ur really gay
Keta's Potluck: Remembering when the salesman came to the door - Green Bay Press Gazette
damn. Your mom couldn't have any sausage?
Who wants a shoutout?
What would you think of Phil Knight buying the Blazers???
When did it become acceptable for youths to stand around when others need their help? My mother would KILL me if I did that!
After walking around Books-A-Million I found so many books I want! :)
Can u keep a secret?
I give him props for coming here with his son but....
That awkward moment when you drop a full ashtray.
I love my travel agent! Getting an email from her = adventure!
yes, I would miss the Claires Boutique where I first got my ears pierced in 1992..
Join #rivals and tommorrow night (WEDS) to veiw the premiere of MTVs latest show ? ?
in da studio wit Mr. Smith and the CEO
not mad. Why r u concerned?
And thanks to for recommending
Marketing only works if you are giving people something they want in terms of classes etc.
Oh, you have to summit Mount 3G for reliable cell service. Insider tip!
who will be a better NBA player, Patty Mills or Nolan Smith? -Sean in Hillsboro
Great to meet you today, ! Enjoyed seeing your work.
Ladies night!!
Logan Square Farmers' Market is much bigger this year! We're going to get an extra something each week for preserving. Today was asparagus.
Its really hard out here ": I CAN APPLY FOR FOOD STAMPS IN THE FALL! PRAISE JESUS 🙏🙌👼"
somewhere Mike Holmgren is smiling
I think it's "cheesy".... OMG I NEED INTERNET
Thanks for the follow! =)
Interesting, thanks for sharing - this is exactly our next step: building our audience further!
-thanks! It was a fantastic time with over 500 Discoers!
had some friends try it and the love it. Today is the first day so I have not heard anything back but people are ordering it :)
Thank you for your sweet tweet! Happy V-Day!
why is everyone moving so slow today
Good to know
Registered for #PubCon this year in Vegas. Pretty excited to get back into the connected world.
my bestie is a egg right now!! Lol
I had a cavity drilled and filled today. It was far less painful than watching that awful #Yankees game 2nite with all of #Arod 's at bats
People that lie only hurt themselves...enough said
Also he may make you send awkward texts to local friends.
SO dang tired. i've already worked out and had a rockstar, why am I so sleepy?! ;( blaaahhhh
Enjoyed Super Freakonomics. About to start Gladwell's newest book...well after the Eagles game.
I don't work nights lol. I work from 11-5 except Sundays and Thursdays those are my days off.
Thanks to anyone who joined us on Facebook! We will donate $1,000 to the Hoglund family in support of their journey to Hong Kong to adopt!
Wow thanks so much for keeping us in mind during your travels! Please fill us in on your travels when you have a chance
Looks delicious..
Mud Hole Road Atv Mudding - dirt bikes for 300
In a pinch, sometimes alcoholics get drunk on Listerine. But who can blame them when the cap doubles as a shot glass?
hell YA
Animal Kingdom wins the Kentucky Derby. Love the horses name.
RT : Just used for the first time to buy a ticket. Great experience.
Why is it the ringer on my phone only works at innappropriate times? Movies. Funerals.
": When someone really loves you, they don't have to say it. You can always know it by the way they treat you" good shit bruh
New to this - trying to see what its all about...
i got a gig for us. Sat in muncie. #topofthelineentertainment <TOP OF THE LINE>
I just saw !! My day has been made.
#Blessings Ty!! Thank you!!
What!?? You damage my Twitter rep man! I was only responding to an article, haha.
Yo check out And drink some whiskey for me.
We now have the ability to fabricate in lengths up to 21'0".
Watching #Vietnam in HD. amazing. fascinating. gut wrenching. impressively put together. Thanks for telling this story.
omg i love u soo much. plz follow me
I thought I left all this nonsense behind when I moved back to Oregon. p.s. I know amazing ENT in Cincinnati, a game-changer
I am studying public relations and I am interested in fashion. I have checked PR couture for internships but none online
With Gamel likely out the season. . .paging Matt LaPorta? Or perhaps Derrek Lee is in shape?
#WordPress #Tools Ajax Comment Preview – Allows readers to preview their comment before submitting.
!!! RT Can I get a dm or mention damn !
favorite color?
do u hold kickboxing classes on the weekends? Rates?
Dude. First off we're a company, not a person & second we don't think you're very fancy.
Favorite Greinke start ever was in Texas his Cy Young year. Only seen Pedro dominate more. Grieve basically sainted Zack on their broadcast
Just attended the Dorchester Collection Fashion show at The Beverly Hills Hotel! Going to interview Derek Blasberg!
nope, me too. Goddamn noisy box.
Norm on art and science but within the sciences are all diff ways of seeing. Agreed that we need more conversations about this.
Laws are a dead letter without courts to expound and define their true meaning and operation.
pretty name
Follow My instagram :*
Enjoying a warm cup of coffee on this chilly day! :)
“: I'll be there this summer.” haha where are you living NYU Dorms or Windsor Court?
I know! It's like she's not even addressing the criticisms
The lighters come out. RIP Johnny Cash.
Already chillen at rave!! I feel like a straight nerd
Hey, We met at last month's Learning Event (it's Paul). Turns out I was already following you on Twitter.
honestly anything, I'm trying to get back on at Target lol
Its a good ass day
People who stare should be punched in the face!!
I saw that plane!
the #shakeweight is one fascinating piece of equipment. tomorrow ill give it a go at the gym
no... Cover it live seems to be down or flooded right now...
. Happy Birthday Kate.
Im jealous
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!
Marta says "I have a tiara on. I can't be unhappy"
Gm twitter ppl hmu
Happy mother's day to all the moms out there.
I may as well rename Draco to Scooby. He's scared of everything.
Ooh brave! we came this/close to sending u to the mountain! ;-)
Is there any room for My Eggo in between, perhaps? RT
well said!!!!!!!! I'm also a Singer/songwriter and I'm willing to give it my all to be successful at it(ijustwanttobesuccessful)
2 great investment turnkey multi family properties in Honeoye Falls contact me for information
I don't think it's coincidence that the #TeenMom girls have to be subtitled despite supposedly speaking English.
Just had the John Holmes of bananas. Hadn't eaten one that big in ages.
Only go down the grocery aisles you need.
We made it. Its awkward. So many people im related to but don't know. At all.
That has to follow my owner she's crying on me! Yuckk.
Maybe I'll bury myself in this terribly late conference paper and forget about teaching for now.
I show up to this spot called OShucks to have a burger and there goes that Brian Berrebbi guy again! Stalker!!!
I have a feathered cupids arrow..my wit is quick so u may need to duck my feathered friend!
"He's an asshole. But he's my asshole." "That is a good ass analogy." ........
RT : #ff some of my favorites!
lol take a trip to Stockton & come visit me !
your not invited no more chode Dave
RT if you want me to tweet a pic of myself! lol this probably won't get much RT's.
yea I've been reading this fanfic and you do some dirty things yea so yea you're a slut hun.
Just another CRAZY day at Studio B Smiles! Never a dull moment around here. That's why we love it! :)
omg no I hate when my timeline is like full of people it literally refreshes every .6373894 seconds haha it's so annoying!
Oh man you guys, I just discovered two new still-tacked pockets! This is just the blazer that keeps on giving.
r u feeling the song?
Free student tickets are still available for India Night and International Night, stop by before they run out!
Become a friend of on Facebook and receive a special discount on the opening night #film and party! Check now for the coupon code!
jesus christ is mercury always in retrograde?
Who gives a fluff about avatar?
as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be (altar server ftw)
Project: Buyback
Is it me but why the suspicious looking people never have a problem passing airport security? SMH
ahah kinda their hair is definitely alike lol:)
Wow. I haven't been through my list in awhile obviously. I'm following Amy Winehouse still. Rip you crazy chic.
This was a staple in the horror section back in the day. Totally forgot about it. I love the title-fangs design. Classic!
Thank you so much guys!! #iFollowAll #teamfollowback :D
Hamilton County Democrats crack me up... Isn't it about time for you folks to have your convention in a phone booth again?
Haahhaahahahahahahahaahahahaha wow way to find something "better"
The Crazy Thing About I Been Knew I Had It!
okay! Done :)
The website is in the final testing phase! We hope to unveil it soon! Stay tuned for the go live date.
i hate when girls pretend to like sports so boys think they're cute, lol no
Had a Crazy session with trainer, & two other ladies. There was lots of sweating, breathlessness, & jumping & running, burpees-big fun!
oh and I can not get that darn ASPCA song out of my head.
An elongated preparation does not deny your purpose but gives you a little while longer to reign for a season.
Its like I keep fallin asleep unintentionally at the same time every night.....no matter wat I got planned or who enroute to me;(
must just be my lucky day. Lol
Natalie portman is sweetheart she has been classy and beautiful mike huckabee is a scumbag and trash
I declare we shall lunch at The Noble Pig during the month of June.
congrats on the latest round!
Thank you for following! t_wool97
Eddwuan and Stacie talking about Teen Wolf....isn't that the show where they have the economically disadvantaged version of Twilight?
thanks for sharing thomas!
May the Lord fulfill your beautiful heart's desires and bless you with many more yrs! #ILOVEYOU! C: <3
AH!! I'm afraid to ask... Are the tickets reasonably priced? Oh who am I kidding, we'll be going anyways. THIS WILL HAPPEN.
Every Sunday night KIDS EAT FREE at Paesanos ELK GROVE.Get a FREE Kid's meal (under 10) with the purchase of an adult entree! Dine in only.
Loving to see incoming and outgoing mail by on #ShowAndMail!
Right back at ya!
Happy bug bunny day everybody
Looks like Monterey to me. Just a few hours up the coast!
A Healthy Smile Tip from Kravitz Dental: Keep your toothbrush covered when not in use so that it isn't subjected to harmful bacteria!
reading the vampire diaries: the return nightfall
Tuned into the #AwarenessInc webinar. Looking forward to learning from !! :)
just the up to my usual antics... No big deal
i just notice i have a bruise on my arm /: from ruben punching me! t-.-
swallow them whole!(:
Cameron Diaz=Boob Job!!
Thank you! xo RT : happy travels!
On the roof downtown, ready to #spottheshuttle !
Congrats Giants... We will be back next time... Go pats :)
#flizzor refuses to beg for nothin
Stayed up too late last night with hatching a plan. But now we have a plan!
I just hit u back
At the beach(: wiith baby charlie!
this has happened to me a few times here while piss drunk. It's very confusing and often times I tell him to pull over and I exit
lmao @ CNN pre-debate coverage. They're desperately trying to make it a 2 person while he who shall not be named's supporters surround them
Good morning tweeters! Send us pics of your costumes from last night! We want to know how our fans celebrated!
didn't hear all the tracks on the album bit what I did hear was good
Pretty cool and interactive... by the way... still no new slide deck
. help, I'm tweeting and I can't stop
Thanks so much. Never been to Asia. On my list when I finish the show.
anyone wanna see a preview of the first ever wear liberty photo shoot?
Thanks for following!
Heading back up to IWU to join the crew in leading the final session of the Awaken conference. And I'm hungry. In multiple ways.
Wish I Was At My Friends Quinces '
Sweet! New dev environment is up and NYCoders are about to get busy...
Omaddys gulfport rock shrimp risotto blackened mahi, pinot blue..lunch with view
Nice. You guys have the ultimate hookup. I'm insanely jealous. I had forgotten how much I love the movies until Cabin & Avengers
congrats :D
Ughh!!! Im So Bored!
Ha thanks. Are you around for the #LocalChefChallenge this weekend?
Who's your favorite Texas musician?
Last game of the regular season!
These pussy niggas disgust me >.<
vince would like me to give you the number to the battered wives shelter because andre beat your ass so bad.
Dead link.
Awesome! RT : was able to snag a ticket to see "Wicked" at Popejoy! Can't wait!! :)
Thanks for getting the word out about next month's PR 3.0. Will you be in attendance? (We very much hope so.)
thanks for the follow. Have a wonderful Charlotte week
Old people have it good.
RT : The Den has played Ring of Fire by Johnny Cash six straight times. Waiting to see how long it takes them to notice...
who is that baller on the right?
HAPPY BIRFDAY CHIKEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!! 😝😊have a good one. I see u gettin turnt over there lol. be safe
“: Watching #Kobe throw away a critical possession and miss the final shot is a terrific present #MerryChristmas” true story!
When the sun comes out I feel like I run into people from high school. It's like where've you been? They are like inside for 8 mos. duh?
T-shirt weather walking down santa monica blvd with Mikey P about to meet with the rest of the cast. I hear its cold in NY or something?
Super day at the Clothesline Festival w/ and PattyMcPatPat :D
Nothing like coughing up blood in the morning. :(
sesame street just did a skit about glee it was so cute
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina My Big Fat Greek Vagina
Aww baby! :( </3 I wish I could be there for your bday!
We're working out today.
Not usually into basketball but go mavs!
Painting your nails is such a pain in the ass.
probably get fatter cause you don't share your food.....
there is no way the punch top can can be punched with drum stick. i tried w/ a key and it shattered on me.
ahhah did i after my shower
Good luck with entry! Would you believe I was grumbling (internally) about Google+ just when that quote streamed by?!
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
Hahaha!!! NO OPTIONS!!!! Why do you say that though??? ;)
Back to reality. Full work week ahead after wonderful week of vacation with family in Wisconsin.
"Is that a leash..?" "No, it's a child safety tether." lmao
The Jazz Vs Spurs series should be broadcast on CSpan. Its going to be THAT exciting.
I hate the Heat.
Always a great day, when you wake up, read the paper &you are not in the obituaries or on the front page with headlines that read "CAPTURED"
10 minutes and some change left #Arsenal Lets go gunners!
Spinning deep, tech house on the Clevelander rooftop on a beautiful Miami afternoon...doesn't get better than this...
Having a blast at six flags with the homies! , roger and wookie!
I fought You for so long I should have let You in And all I was trying to do was save my own skin But so were You So were You
Only gonna be in the lower sixties when were in next week!! The fuck? Pissed
thanks for the follow
Great quote from re: legal services: "the days when corporations buy billable hours, instead of results, are numbered."
What the fuck??
FINALLY arriving at #thatcamp..... only an hour late. Ugh.
I've decided for Halloween I am dressing as a Mexican wrestler. And I'm aware it's still months away.
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day to everyone!
they usually have a small hammer to break the glass for fire extinguishers, good job!
consider 'drop shipping' your kettle bells. Learned that from Timothy Ferris.
Class was Hot Hot Hot!!!
Also, if yer a jazz musician, but you're touring with a non-jazz outfit, you should lemme know anyways. I just like music.
#Fringe is my ultimate TV guilty pleasure.
#RedSox after-party with LIVE classic rock&roll at Who's On First #boston across from #Fenway 8pm tonight!
I have a Fav on Nicki new album (drum roll).... #15 Marilyn Monroe
Today @ CPL: Family Book Club, B is for Books, Soundtracking Workshop & more! bit.ly/kpACdx
Never give ppl a reason to treat you less than who you are, a person. Stay beautiful. Inside and out.
Web publishing is a crucial service and thus advances the library.
So happy for in being selected in the first round!
Happy Easter! What a beautiful day
That play earlier had me crackin' up..! Good job to Austin McWilliams and Davis Summers.
oh I've already made a dent in that. Parents buy one for every holiday.
Can it be? Has cut his long, voluptuous hair? ;)
Yep... downed a 8x8 pan of #ghiradelli #brownies... realization: reached for a brownie, and there was not a single one left... woops!
No I'm not, but I use the art of psychology every day.
So what is an #Ultrabook? Maybe the best #book you've ever #read? Better than all the other books combined? Head & shoulders above rest?
tell the producers their logo is blocking a very cute skirt today.
Nice Weather= Lightheaded,Dizzy,dehydration. Not Going to make it tru this summer & its barely May.I feel Horrible>.<
Stay cool Cincinnati!
Even the Harbaughs can bond over the Hoosiers
started playing today..not a RPG fan but it's awesome
No worries. have a url I could take a peak at?
Also added: Nobody's Token and North Coast! Woo-hoo!
Protesters chanting Recall Walker outside Capitol.
well i guess we just wont speak anymore, sad face
best hot dog ever? #traindog!
If you would like us to follow you back, kindly provide a profile. Need help with a profile, just ask.
Lol that was a good idea
international player keep doing great work.
#Browns fans, notice how many O-linemen r going here. H did the right thing. WR is DEEP! W/ the run on linemen, WR's r dropping like stones!
can you message me your booking info please honey?
That is really cool! Have a great trip.
Diaz...Mobility falls into three areas...content, community, collaboration.
Pretty sure Blake Griffin hasn't landed back on Earth yet after taking off in L.A.
If Simon heard me in the shower, he would put me on tour with One Direction immidetely :D haha
WISHFUL THINKING RT : I wonder if will tell me he misses me today...
We're just under the upper hand.
Genuine is my new word for blunt
#nowplaying: 'One Man Drinking Games'- Mayday Parade
<33 i love that boy
On the deck with the "patient" as he makes business calls. Fresh air + pain meds = better day. This would make a great doc short!
Nice! I'm glad the class had some impact.
thank u and I am :) xx
You run with the devil
Thanks for spreading the word!
- thanks to you Dave for coming out; see you at demo day!
. Going to try to encourage this with upcoming Library fellowship recips. We'll see how it goes
NO WAY :( Haven't you had about enough of this whole growing up and being responsible thing? Priorities are a bitch.
writing an english essay is icky but the only way to get through it? listen to Celtic Woman and melt :)
Great job ! Very inspirational
I have a ticket for 5 people to go and see the rob brydon show on the 26th june, you have to be 18+ if anyone would like it let me know xx
ReTweet if you are going to VEGAS this weekend!!!!
yep yep
Bitch Really.,?
Sigh, nothing on tv & no where to go tonight! I wanna go clubbing soon!
I have no idea what to wear i just know i want to wand my hair
thank you, it's a single. I took the pic at a side-angle.
well it is almost impossible to walk on :/ my moms boyfriend said it could be a tear were going in the morning
The site also eliminated all my quotation marks ! Bad design!
Omg this song<3
Who would date me?
Thanks for guarding the integrity of your religion for the community & your kids! I've always admired that abt you.
Merry Christmas Everyone!!
Happy Birthday to Apple and Gmail! :)
Ari Fleischer stepping into his former role as political hatchet. A dash of cold water, without insight.
Rickie Fowler is playing lights out. Wow. Already at -8
AH!!! No more sunburn!!!
ScarabXpress is the latest strain in the multiple-deletion series (MDS) of Clean Genome® E. coli. Based on the MDS™42 strain,Scarab Genomics
Hi love!Just making sure u saw my e-mail about Project 7 :)Let me know if u need me to send more info 4 the #mygloss giveaway !
jason kidd not going down without a fight tonight.... he has taken control
I'm kidding about having only a few dollars
i did
almost punching someone....
REMEMBER, Tix for Go On Sale to General Public April 12. Which Film is Everyone Excited For? For Me it's
Betty whites off your rocker 👌
I love guava
“: false TJ gives the best TJs”<- TJ is good but I call it like I see it homie
Don't feel left out. Dude, this fucking sucks.
Okay I will :)
u went with Jose but to Grettell's house that's we're the surprise was at
Whhhyyy are there so many food commercials this morning they need to stop
#nasatweetup vs #nasasocial when 5,000 people invite me into their work space @ Air Force Base. They get to name the activity.
HAPPY FRIDAY!
Blake was hella scared.
Awhhh yeah! Hook me up with some nice curtains ! Lmfaooo
You're hot. A little thin for my taste, but I'd happily put some baby weight on you.
Wtf. I just missed my damn 4000 tweet.
they are still
just had a great shoot for a clothing line. Back in the saddle again!!
EVERYONE, GO FOLLOW !!! THEIR NEW AND NEED FOLLOWERS!
where u at? 35th and hill..
hahahaha! I'm crying right now
“: The power of social media: credit card & loan approved for Liberty after being rejected because of discrimination.” // BOOM
oh boy, its fucked. you get any texts? Headin over now
QUOTE OF THE DAY: “First keep peace with yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.”- Thomas Kempis
I'm here on the steps of LA City Hall with 1000s of fellow workers rallying to
thinks a jpeg should visually deteriorate over time on #FB due to overuse...
Who's ready for the #NbaAllStarGame!? It's going to be the best!
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me? 13
would you like to write a guest article for my historic holistic THE HEALERS campaign?
TEACH ME HOW TO STUDY! love it when students produce like this, dropping the track to a relevant song, writing rymes themselves!
Nursing my voice with tea and honey and crossing my fingers for a better show tonight.
Hoping its a Miss Marple tonight on Mystery. Have rediscovered Christie's knitting detective.
Jeter on fire!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the earthquake and tsunami in Japan and the Pacific!
Comedian Kevin Hart tix go on sale tomorrow at 10am for his performance at Hampton Coliseum on Sat 2/11/12
Hey TAAP Fan's! Check us out this Friday @ 10:30 on Tuff TV & Sat on The CW Network @ 2am. It will be a great show!
I wanna be your super hero ! Love this song
There's way too much talent on this show this year to pick just one favorite
#ItsHardTo stay still while listening to "Country Girl (Shake it for Me)" by Luke Bryan."
the #Voice is legit.
It literally chewed everything in my room that was in its reach...Good thing my prom dress wasn't an attractable target.
There are many companies that may have options for public policy, but the best bet is to visit booths to find out more!
I'm looking for a job. And I'm a web developer. 10 yrs exp. Strong HTML & CSS skills. Adobe CS4 knowledge. MS Office too
It is pretty hard to call myself a fan these days.... could the game be any more pathetic then the highlights?
Easy... just stop off at Safeway for T-bone steaks...
will be on WGUN 1010AM talking with Dj Kay at 1:30pm EST listen live as he talks about
you know me. Just promising false hopes and dreams to these LA chicas . Lol j/k I'm cool..how are you ?
Which version of npm do you have to use? How do you install an old version?
51-47 with 2 minutes to go in the 3rd? Jesus if they were gonna have a throw back night the least they could have done was wear old uniforms
on fascinating interplay between preservation of games and pirating. Use a lot of the same technology: emulators, etc.
thanks for the #ff! Have a great weekend
Guns and Roses. I love to be in a crowed of dedicated rockers. Waiting for tonight.
Andy Bernard does not lose contests. He wins them. Or he quits them. Because they're unfair.
What did the left nut say to the right nut? The guy in the middle thinks he is so hard!
Thanks for the fun today! Please check out my Chicago-based service, ! Save money and donate to charity on every swipe!
where at?
Friendly customer service Nice to dine in #Anacostia again, yesterday...Nice to see DC's finest in blue are patrons, too...: )
#NewiPad is not crazy as supposed to be, Apple would do what next...
Cheek only. :-) ": Go suck his face, or something. haha."
To tumblr or not to tumblr?
"Because the streets is a short stop/Either you're slinging crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot"-If ya didn't know, now ya know
Best idea I have ever had someone rip off. Stand Up To Cancer. This one I don't mind as much about because it's for a good cause....
I'm not surprised though.
That actually doesn't sound like you at all.
10/20 PLO at palomar, -6k and haven't won a pot over 300. Lame!!
Luv Ya 2 you silly girl!
A$AP
I hear theres going to be a few good car ads during the Super Bowl.
That awkward moment when someone asks 'Why are you still single?'
my friends i dont think like austin, he's too young for them lol. and my mom wont drive me to la for him
Follow Me ♥
Thanks for the follow and last but certainly not least
"Successful Experience” is so redundant that you’re wasting space and #LinkedIn #keyword #optimization by even thinking of these phrases.
I didn't like how you let poor beer and hit with the bottle storyline or not I hate it
Day 3 in DC, crab cake #4. So far DC Grill is in the lead. Love
Call me corny but as a child of the 70's I know all of these Glenn Campell songs and love the tribute
Why thank you! :)
sheesh there's nothing like the feeling of just taking ur shower and laying in warm sheets (:
Even tho wee got ruff moments I luv her to death, so fa tha hoez tryna get at me take not from a
When you play against yourself you can't tell if your defense is good or offense is bad
you can join too!!
So where's the big pregame for #Derby tmrw?
If that! Lol.
She's opening a store in Berkely, & is hosting an Insta-photo show in correlation - giving us an excuse to all flock to the bay.
The only failure is the one you don't learn from.
They gave me a goodie bag at the dentist
Blogger has been down since last night. Can't publish my new post for Monday. Grrrrr.
Thank you for your sweet note -- and for including my books in your collection. I'm honored!
haha oh no! That couch wasn't comfortable at all
aha, oh god. Knowing me, you already know it'll be crazy.
For real? El Paso?
I agree! RT Woke up craving kelp noodles with mushrooms from . When r you guys gonna sell your food?
The 1 reason corporations get away w/dodging taxes,abusing workers,pollution,illegal foreclosures on homes etc-►They buy our elections!
thanks fixing to download now
#JuniorSaid You're weak
LLN my alert messages for all messages is Niall saying "POTATO" :D teehee!!
Uh, right. Because I was obviously not that kid. Not when when my cousin was around.
I do not understand why Grover Norquist has so much power. This is surreal.
That's not too bad “: if you want to get the old lady coworkers dancing, you can do worse than The Waitresses "Christmas Wrapping."”
Great night with and *and* I have a sweet new pint glass.
Its getting easier, although sometimes its as if the thought of you is stronger than ever.
Celine Deon's intv. on GMA is stupid, useless and she's an idiot.
Today was crazy
Laying in the sun with my puppy and a slurpee. Good day👍☀
I see "Cum Laude" or "Magna Cum Laude" or "Summa Cum Laude" next to or before my name on my bachelors degree. Yup.
How You&#39;ll be able to Conserve on Men&#39;s Watches
okay its west virginia 112 degrees bedroom -112 its freezing im cold. som one wanna cuddle? ;)
Visited a tiny Dutch village in Washington where I hoped to pick up some Delft. I picked it up & put it down when I saw Made in China labels
Getting raw food chocolate shake. It doesn' t get any better than that.
Followed :D can i have follow back now?
Plane rides are always so boring. That is why I spice them up with practical jokes 8-D
Heading to the play offs trying to get this championship
Wait. You're reproducing?
you're still thinking about hot stuff!?! You're insatiable!
Oh shit, thats so tight... thats gonna be so much fun. I just gotta lay low for a bit... these last 4 months have been insane
Lesson learned: always come to work camera-ready. Sigh. :)
They also look great on the grill of a Mac truck or an SUV.
Everytime i see a semi i automaticaly think theres a robot in it.(:
Wait...So thrice isnt a word?! why am i just finding this out now!
Lawyers know how to take isolated complaints in a divorce case and build them into one big one.
Expect the unexpected
Nope... I'm not much on costumes. Think I'll just wear t-shirt and jeans. Haha!
i LOOOVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEE your new haircut! :) and im excited for #nsndirectorscut :)
Love to hear the book has been an encouragement. Believe God for the impossible. ^staff
Q: What are the chances of Dream Act passing in Congress? A: Need collaboration between both political parties. No room for hateful rhetoric
he's awful. Russell is way better
blown all wild
social media is great but once in a while you need to filter out the negativity so you can accomplish great things.
Roger Novak says that competency based learning will revolutionize education. #eisummit cc:
Help us make a difference in the world.
En route to Humboldt for an Assault of Arms Historic Fencing Tournament (defending PCC!), Eel River and Humboldt Fog cheese, here I come!
bitch what u think this is snack shack
Great session on social media and international Ed. Good ideas and helpful hints to US institutions
Education day - off to South Eastern WI Prof. Photographers Ass. meeting. Good day to be inside, I think.
zomg Could only do that if amom no longer lived there.
Retweet someone once, they will notice you, Retweet someone a few times they will remember you ~
In Point: Victoria Schultz, First Weber (715)340-8204. I can ask around for Wausau names. So does that mean you've accepted?
I agree, it was almost as uncomfortable as watching someone testify
Hey! Help us get ready to move. Big sale store wide on all in stock books!
where do you hunt?
with that being said if you ever find that kind of pic of Clay you'll send me the link right? B-D
It's nice hearing someone say I miss you.
"Experience must be placed in context."
Good morning to our Twitter followers
Seeking a referral for CA attorney to advise a VA resident about options re her underwater CA rental home. Does anyone have any suggestions?
she is working at Marq your path! Hope school is going well.
Music should strike fire from the hearts of men, and bring tears from the eyes of women- Ludwig Van Beetoven
oh man, dad finally got a car
I often test against jabber.org or a local ejabberd server. It used to be that jabber.org ran ejabberd, but now it's M-Link.
He has little to gain by returning. RT : Lehigh's CJ McCollum has declared for the NBA Draft.
thanks for the support and let's chat soon bout our lil' project:)
Google is almost by default your company's home page
Thanks! RT #honestyhour I once slurped 5 dozen #oysters in an hour. Today I'm going for 6 dozen...
#Audition DONE. Yay!
I'll miss you guys too! See ya next week in Colorado!
You are going to meet Nicki? ♥
what's with all of these disgusting bugs everywhere? look like a cross between a mosquito and a gnat. they're swarming me.
&#39;Row&#39; your way to a better body
Hi, email .au to enquire about dates etc.
Beatles Tribute Abbey Road celebrating 40th Anniv of Hard Rock on 6/14/11 7:30p. $5 donation for Make-A-Wish. All Ages.
Great talking to u today kid!!!
Can you follow me please?
are you able to meet up today Sir?
It's a shame that the captain is not there, but at least you are there to play the role!! Keep up the shadow passing!
My lips are sealed!!
Hello world. Check out our website teamtenmedia.com for information about us and the services we provide. We are video services at its best.
oh yeah, the Oscars are really a test of marketing savvy. It is fascinating in that regard. Not too far off from you on Artist
I just submitted my marketing plan for #ist600, which means I am now officially DONE with my MSLIS!
. at tonight! That's if the venue didn't collapse after last night's Justice show.
Looks like only 2. Tonight was only the 3rd game of the 0-10 slump...
Last night I saw "Tower Heist" and was pleasantly surprised!! But tell me, why do people in large numbers show up for the movie L8???
I wish Druid commercials would just show me what a druid is.
Marvins Room Is Closed
Admit it, you sometimes pretend to care about a teacher's personal life to waste time in their class.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is a comfy headband. #ouch :-(
most definitely is :) especially since I've got a keurig machine to make it.
UH I was unaware of any beef PLEASE inform me bc I'm lost lol
Yikes! *note to self* take alternative route. Thanks for traffic update.
u gotta twittaa(:
Im so impatient .
When will this day ever end
c) you adopted or produced offspring d) society has not collapsed to the point of not being able to watch wall-e
michael vick has broken ribs? probably should be put down.
10 YEARS AGO ALLEN IVERSON DELIVERED THE FAMOUS #PRACTICE RANT. NOW THAT HE'S BROKE I WONDER HOW HE FEELS ABOUT PRACTICE.
HEY GO FOLLOW HE IS A GUY ICONiac!! :D Please for me.
#grading is done, grades have been calculated and sent off to the registrar. Now, hoping the baseball game doesn't get rained out!
Thank you for the #FollowFriday! :)
If I get my car tomorrow, it'll feel like a whole new life will begin for me :)
I have never seen so many people with dead animals attached to their vehicles than Pittsburgh.
You're welcome! :) just speaking the truth.
hey kitty
congrats! You are a great "twitter personality" for seattle! :)
Mom says if I continue being this lazy, I will get no where in life.
i love it!
When they jump around in the program at competitions<
In Westport, doing absolutely nothing. It's
Ha, I didn't snooze! I was already scheduled to work before u even announced that one!! :-((
Loving the #Phillies throwbacks.
hey Mike!! Did you ever end up reviewing our record? Hope all is well!!!
Good Afternoon to all!
On ma lunch break bored af....
Great way to start my day
See ya.
Sadly that tweet to me never got to me cuz my last name is Walsh, not Welsh. Also I <3 Munchkin.
happy belated bday bro!
What a waste of a bat
Damn Rocks!!!!
live chat in a few minutes then :)
RT Thanks for following! All the best!
Gives new meaning to the term "bush" Mornin', that's just too funny, woman au natural a'la brilliant street art
Closing tickets as fast as the moths are disappearing!
"There is no passion to be found playing small-in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. - Nelson Mandela
Hey thanks! Did not meet, but good job with okc, site looks great! I'll be back in NYC this fall, maybe hang out some time
Need a blunt lmao
Please follow back..recommended by JayPrince fb
Follow for info on this year's
Hey Sweetie!! Hope you are doing great!
“: Have to prove citizenship to have #DinnerWithBarack but not to vote ? How ironic.” So his uncle and grandmaw arent invited?
's talking about the positive energy of the crowd at the Manchester commonwealth games and how it made a difference.
George "Goober" Lindsey
Keep the best and delete the rest.
Thanks for the mention!
It really was. I had to cherish it. Bike wash could be slightly more dangerous. That doesn't mean no though.
He would say I do not like it in a box. I do not like it with a fox. :0)
So reports disgusting activities by Anheuser and calls for a boycott. Fine, but Include and Goose Island too?
Its obviously the battery. Did I mention its the battery? Oh yeh its the battery. Ask that nigga.. what did he say? Oh yeah its the battery
Hi there!
team tan at the UL pool today
Um excuse me mom I did not offer to buy you Starbucks
The tweed ride party is in full swing at , NE 42nd & Tillamook across from Moon & 6p
Spanish Conversation Tonight from 7-9pm!
Wussup i need followers follow and the kid And the #team -
Thanks for the advice. Ill take a look.
Heyy! Now following ya! Hope all is well #teamblueyusa :)
Long day I'm ready to relax to some BB wives.
ok let me know.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
it's daa truth
persistence is key! What do you want to do?
morning. What's good
you're the bestestsssss :)
LOL RT I want to name my daughter Joe Adams!!!
She'll respond to u eventually! Don't give up! She does tweet attacks a lot! Who knows? u could be tweeted nxt:]
Going to the tonight to see yup.
is accounting the beans in Jericho, New York.
Later Gators
lol not really
So is it just a given now that Julianne Hough will be in every movie musical? Just wondering. Apparently she wants to play Elphaba.
Nothing I have off :) Let's chill?! “: wyd today?:)”
So the guy driving the Universal Lubricants, LLC truck was totally checking me out. Sales pitch?
Believe me i do the same thing!!!!!!!
aww thanks! :) Seattle. July 28th. you??
Beautiful day outside(:!
centennial and cascade are always good. what do you think?
there are croissant crumbs in my bed.
Today the last quarter moon in Aquarius asks "how can we be more objective and tolerant in order to accomplish more during the next cycle?"
Game two today! :) here we go!
Tongia: disparity in a network is the "cost" of exlcusion -exponential growth is costs of exclusion regardless of ntwrk structure
made me breakfast didn't tell me ate it then text me and said y I didn't call her back this morning we didn't even talk
i definately wanna see the world but when thats over hope you r ready to have at seven kids four girls thre boys. Lol
Um, ridiculous - from "Newt #Gingrich has threatened to pull out of future debates unless the audience are free to applaud."
Thanks for the Shout out! Always great to meet someone mixing interesting types of music!
stop judging ppl. u don't kno their story.
Hell yeah! That's wassup, so I can put you in the Electronic album I'm working on mayne! :)
Anyone going to the Rothbury Festival? www.rothburyfestival.com
I'll be there. You're my favorite pholitico - way to represent :-)
I swear you were just at 619,00 followers, thats crazy. You're getting popular. ;)
we should do lunch when I get back and I can drop it off.
: I know that's right! You creating some fabulous pieces tonight!!!
wait until you hit the baby self. pregnancy is still basically you're old life, compared to baby life
I tend to get wet on rides.
Over half of youth sample 14-17 ages have an app-enabled device rather than a smart phone.
It's gonna get louder.
There's a growing list of Author Events in the Scheduler, or you can add your own personal sessions. Does that help?
- Thanks for the follow, fellow #Vegas #event friend!
The Teehive T-Shirts - Love to be a designer? Design your Own T-Shirt or #customize your t-shirts Online now!!
any time :) “: Thanks for checking out Foodies101! #foodlovers”
Please give me some good advice in your next letter. I promise not to follow it. - Edna St. Vincent Millay
Work Hard. Expect Success
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT! GONNA BE A HUGE DEBUT!! St John Evangelist!! GONNA BE FUN!!
Dont we all
Dallas fun time is over. Back to San Antonio we go.
you look great! can't wait to see more pics from #luckyfabb!
We are covering two committees today: House State Affairs and House Transportation. Also will be covering House Floor.
are you after Xavier again?
Doing the voice over for the character Candy Cacao in the award-winning animated series, The Adventures of Rawman & Green Girl.
lol I figured it out on my own!! and I had to ask to make sure. :)) KMSL lol no
Absolutely tired of having to go to hospitals.
shit small world she cold doe
lol, if its not his mother, its probably going to be one of Klaus's family
I love Celia in that movie. I'm so sick and was gonna watch that tonight!
The way these gas prices are, I'm definitely trying to get a bike this year!
yeah, there's some great, serene little nooks
DANCERS! Don't forget to stretch before bed! Goodnight! and please pray for our KItty, she's not feeling too well
what's going on with amaro and williams?
The date is February 16th! Can you direct message me your email addy and Ill send over all the details
oh god please dont encourage that
RT : RT : Georgetown bulldog update: Jack has successful surgery, and young JJ learns to chew up boxes...
take me with you. We'd change the world and no one could stop us.
Thank u I live #4EvaNaDay minus being a rapper. U capture my life in that mixtape of my day to day. U saved my life.
I kinda like to drink my pain away.. But where is a drink when I REEEALLLY want one
Flea season. Be prepared with essential oils to mist your pets naturally. Or, try a swim in the ocean or a lake. No more fleas please.
#JonnyTee "Friday Night" Video Shoot Saturday 12pm @ Sandbar Lounge in Long Beach. After Party 10pm-2am. No Cover. Hip Hop.
Claudette - and yet again they tweeted babble, prate, chatter, and prattle
Finally bout to watch Avengers!
OMG. You're making my day sound so much more complicated that it already is (x
Also wondering WHERE IS THIS MAGIC NINJA BUS?! WHERE DOES IT LIVE?! CAN IT BE RENTED FOR BIRTHDAYS?!
i really want summer to be here
Couldn't be more nervous/exited
Great deal! --> RT : 25% off ANY order--SALE ENDS SOON! Just use code CRDEC11B at CrispyPrints.net :)
I hate to say it, but I think Bama is gonna take it tonight.
fuck a job, fast money comes power. in school stacking up more than u make in a hour
oh twitter how I miss you 😞
Hahaha LOVE it!!!
Working on some more retouching... Hope to publish up some new images later tonight.
“: let me know when he gets 5 rings” Hey tony. Comin by tomorrow?
Win, lose, or draw, we can take what we learn tonight to adjust for the final weeks of the season.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Wow. Lot of sports... stuff today.
Last session was a new bass track on a very new tune. Julian also worked some pedal steel into it. This one is really hitting. No name yet
The judge was like watch it is the construction zone
Do you have Chuck scripts lying around? That would be an awesome giveaway. Plus I've always wanted one... :)
#WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe I do what I I like!
Yep. Stupid cold. Enjoy your night out buddy!
When I get to writing a post on Intuniv, I'll make sure to let you know. Thanks for your interest in my work!
Love The Interface vids. Bummed that the frequency has gone down in the last year or two.
i hate when people idk hug me. i'm all lyk. wtf nigga don't touch meh.
i dont wanaa have a moment for life i wanna have hours and dayes let them pass so i cn remincee what was and still is _jadaajanaee
well thank you I'm flattered :) ha and your sexy
our eyes glazed, but we're lookin out for you. Thnks for rolling through. Let's talk more shows soon.
They ran out of green beads. FUCK!
you're the man Doug. So... Where you at right now exactly?
Have your way Holy Ghost in the spirit, all around the nation's!! #Grace,Peace&Mercy
Euge Groove next up with "A summer night's dream" sounding good the Born to Groove Album.
I think there are gay proctologists to fix your shit, too.
I'ma make posters of you and put them all over the school <3 hopefully it'll help :D
OMG I LOVE HIMM. that's precious!
follow back?:)
summer is always so bittersweet
I am actually bringing my dogs and my to #aaa2010 with me this year. A within driving distance = nice
Thanks, we really appreciate all the support :)
DJ tonight at 10pm come out and see whats going on. Horny Goat Hideaway
Paddle board head and forearm stand? Check.
Gorgeous night in Chicago!
Have a serious craving for oysters and white wine today- Pearl Dive? Hanks? Ebbitt? Can't decide.
A whole sleeve of stale Peeps...
I went back pretty far in my FB and didn't see anything. Shoot me an e-mail to Jay dot FarberLV at gmail dot com
Happy Mothers Day all!! Enjoy your well deserved day Moms!! #CoachOLoves You
Computers and Old people
Hope my fava will b ok
triple date?
Making music again
Can't get DJ Tim off the tables, I'm running outta time for my segment
reading Super Gods by Grant Morrison right now, lovin it!
just discovered that i HATE the sound of people slurping
I'm happy you made it as far as you did.
wat you mean
New Found Glory type of evening
Jerome williams is setting black pitchers back lol
I need to get out of this funk
:l m pues... Anyways lol haha how are you
Very excited about BU's upcoming website redesign launch.
be a sweetheart and follow me handsome♥? I LOVE YOU;D
Reading "8 Ways to Send Him Away Screaming" in Reason #2: Bring Up Your Cats....um,
that i'm drunk twittering...
That was the fastest reply I've ever seen, Klapper. Well done.
New photos/video coming soon!
Just got out of First Colony Mall.
will never follow me or notice me. no mauer how many times i try. :(
RT : To keep the body in good health is a duty,otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. via
parents are a little over 2 hours away....
Miranda Lambert>>>>>>races
“: "I wasn't that drunk." "Dude you logged into Myspace"” *cough cough*
happy birthday you stupid bitch have you been watching the hills cause you are the Frankie to my Brody...
cool ;D i always wanted to go there ;o how is it?
Wow keeping in the game! On fire!
Happy New Years Everyone! We got alot of good stuff coming in January!!!
I wanna turn on my bedroom AC... But I don't wanna get up.
#MyCelebCrush is LOVE ALL OF THEM SO MUCH <3 <3
about to watch LET THE RIGHT ONE IN it's supposed to be very good
but that's only because I'd want you to be mildly offended by me as well.
I would open pandora during class and it's on full blast!!! How embarrassing 😔😞
So far the game is living up to the hype.
thanks I will check you out!
Awestruck. The founder of is the brother of the founder of the company where I work...Small world people...but delicious :o)
mom: wouldnt you rather like a kindle? me: HA NO, i could read on an ipad too.
shooo....some folks haven't seen the demo reel. They need to though.
I love my boyfriend and I don't care about your opinion. :)
Only because Footon Servetto went bust.
RT : Raj Rao from 3M on Customer Intelligence "this is the future of marketing".
so what in the fuck do I look like buying someone else's for?
": Fuck It Shit Happens" Exactly , you get me broz (;
Very good, thanks!
hm mexico yea yea.
ah I forgot johnny is in that movie for like 30 seconds m :) I'm buying it right when it comes out on dvd!
Lmao!!! I just went in on her!! I suggest y'all do the same.
my days goin good, i got my niece and my daughter goin crazy finding these eggs i hid for them..lol...hows yours?...u got skype?
Sugar on my tongue.
I think they're a bust if they win not five, not six, not seven...
Ikr. It makes me want to move to CA and work for Apple to go to work in a spaceship every day. Fun!
I've seen it all...buy a house from IKEA for $86K. What do you think?
big show at tonight with a bunch of our favorite NYC bands ~ , and ... dig it
can I please just get along with you
Sorry about the late response. Just DM'd you my contact info..
I would recommend My Children! My Africa! By Athol Fugard at instead. Also, more affordable!
A Rodgers is sitting next to us. What do I do. What do I do???
Hobby Lobby has EVERYTHING in the world except for a purple candle. For all the rotten luck!
love you too
Housing some poor homeless students for the night. Luckily it's Alex and Lexy :)
Damn nicki as was Rotunt in dem shorts cuh ...
sorry bud:/
Its 5 o'clock in the morning
huge thank you to for dropping by our office today! Stay tuned for her tips on hanging your art in our next newsletter!
Nice #LeighSteinberg interview wish you could question Congress & get candid results like that...
Spending the weekend back home with the family, shopping and trying not to eat too much leftover turkey! You? :)
It was one of the waitresses' birthday. We decided to sing Happy Birthday.
Teach kids to become media literate. Question what they see. Think about it. Watch actively. --Geena Davis
Cryed non stop today. I will get better. But you were such a perfect cowboy for me and I always wanted one but I lost you.
it part of life
Aaron Rodgers = the ultimate class athlete
This is the cutest picture i have ever seen!! LOVE YOU
did I mention that one of the authors is planning on joining us for the meeting to discuss and answer your questions.
Who is the best rock group of all time?
Checked that thing out on Wiki one time - you ain't lyin!
I had uploaded my secret formula to save the economy and cure all diseases to #Megaupload now what do I do?
Dominating connect four, step up!
I need new music! Help?
Anybody notice that the mask behind the grandson in Prince Bride looks a lot like Darth Maul?
looking forward to with : design charette for civic symbols.
Smokin a fat One sittin on The porch listening to jimmy buffet...how pimp is that
Did you know: The cornea is the clear (window) part in the front of the eye. It allows light to pass through to come to focus on the retina.
Thank you!
Love it! RT: Shooting happy hours with photog Amy Fellows! La Puerta
Merchant discounts for ticket members, away fans allotment, cheaper food when gates open (like T-Birds do).
Just got hired to shoot the Giants party after the game on Thursday. Pretty exciting stuff!
Sounds good
Cornhole. Grilling. My house.
Why torture yourself when life will do it for you. -
hahah ! Not you ;D
follow us so we can DM you
#Browns question for the day: What kind of contract do you think should get from the team? Years, $ per yr., and guarantee.
I'm not homophobic.... faggot
tell us more!
Miami-Dade Public Library System helps the 13.4% Miami-Dade county unemployed with from !
oh my they were going to have a serious hoe down!!!
Traffic is CRAZY! you'd think U of O Ducks were playing. Everyone is flying south!
I wish are school had a paintball team
WOW!! LOVE his work! Thanks for the suggestion♥
Why is it that Goofy can talk and Pluto can't? But there both dogs.
No one else could ever mean half as much to me as you do now.
happy birthday 🎂
Love is just a proposition strictly a game of give and take...
“: i have this problem where when i love a song i listen to it on repeat for about 48 hours” I love too, man
Feeling really good about that stats midterm. and if I got 100%, I get a $10 Chipotle giftcard from my TA.
Doing my part! RT : Day 2 of Twitter lobbying 4 my bachelor party to be at & sponsored by or
is this for me to learn more about kenya, BEFORE WE GO THERE?
please Pick Me !?! c:
I need to make time to work out..
“: Live flutes please :)” I don't even know you and I love you dude... Proceed with Awesomeness.
Utopia in Four Movements,scored by Brendan Canty of Fugazi, is coming to UF for FLEXfest. FLEXfest.org
Flipped to end of Runners World this month & it's Jane McGonigal. Girl crush complete. Should probably plan my next ARG during my marathon.
I'd do a high five for that! loved it
good luck to the whole gang this week with your practice runs! Can't wait to see the place for myself!
just got to Jackson, soundchecking now and then we hit at 10pm! Come out and have some fun post Jubilee Jam at The Old Tavern in Jackson MS!
why do you reply to everyone except me:(
Nicholas, I like what you stand for and appreciate the follow. Let's have an offline conversation sometime soon.
bo, society.
Me and muhh bixch at dha mall with our mufuqqin ray bandz on this bitch
When your girlfriend falls asleep on the phone
It's great to see were one of the few cities that can say that!
never u mind.
I need someone that won't waste my time , someone I can show the world to , someone worth me bringing down the moon for. Where are you ?
And why are my dogs so sleepy??
have a blast today! #gocats!
ayo good look make sure you follow us fam
