CAN'T BE BOTHERED
If you could visit any library in the world, which one would you visit?
AH! LOVES.
lol!! It's not hard!
Aw Jess it will be alright!!
oh, totally forgot about that! Maybe it's for the best.
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 18
play some danko jones!!
dan you have to learn to deal with the pain and who it hurts!
The mafia family has higher ethics and values then that team. Never trust a former crack addict.
Happy New Year Jeanette.
Here's a quick read: www.trisefbook.com
yea but you can't sign the book if i get it from amazon ;) Haha ill get it from there though thanks buddy
Can't wait to play with you tomorrow!!
I can def chime in - Do you guys need help with your Social Media as well?
At the nail shop trying to relax....
We taking orders by the pound RT I need to cop a Black Water t-shirt. Cash is ready.Make that happen sir. Thanks
stay WARM! I hope your feet don't get as cold as they did at the last game.
Legislative Oversight Operating Budget hearing for is underway.
if u ask me 4 my body gone put uin chek cuz we jus met can't do that yet-sho u rite! i remember hearing that as a youngin
Oy how do people do this?!?! ((((HAYDIOSMIO))))
Save the Date: April 21... Edge Model Opening Party. We are very excited as the riverfront condo building starts to really develop!
What was the first brand new car you ever bought?
Enjoy Her Beauty In HD The most desperate housewife now on your desktop!
I WILL CHANGE EVERYTHING JUST TO SEE UR FACE AGAIN
Could this day go any slower?!?
Good Morning
smells like a man... I sprated her with my body spray.
Sometimes you just have to make a move
Hi! :D I wanna talk to you!! I miss yew. x3 But I only have 10 mins before school starts.
"Would you like anything to read?" - Miss Prothero. Chistmas Eve 2011. Peace on Earth.
I just want Joe-Joes. You guys are crazy.
Firefighters and #LANL officials told me around noon that the fire was burning/had burned 'between 45,000 and 67,000 acres.'
This "every day is leg day" regimen is really effing up my running aka I'm not burning nearly enough calories.
Just heard on What a #fool Stay away from this man. #teaparty foolishness!
TocoBell her i come:)
Yay friday! The office bar is open!
same!!!! I want to lose my lip virginity to Gaga
Sleeping on the couch tonight.. Mos comfortable
Still won't work. Haha! Yep, trying to figure out when to see my Seattle crew!
Yeah, likewise. I love how Pens fans have so much respect for the Devils even though theyre rivals. Classy organization!
Congratulations on your nephew. How is WBEZ?
That's why we picked up ramirez, #mlb good game at miller park
Ron has done a masterful job on Durant tonight. Just watch how he takes him out of position before he even catches the ball.
sounds good! I think I should be ok to join & am happy to help if you need it! I'm no expert but a fast typer & multitasker - lol
Social Cammin' it all weekend so follow me to watch me act like a moron
I guess I'll just watch OTH.
#TEAMBREEZY <3 Please RT if you do i will probably freak the hell out!! lmaoooo! Come On Chris Just RT for your New York fans :]
#TGIF Put on your #BEER drinking hats! The weekend begins...NOW!
will we have a WSJ quiz tomorrow?
Don't let your left hand know what your right hand is doing. #Couldn'tBeMoreTrue
my cat is real cute all cuddled up to me and stuff.
Damn I really havnt been on twitter in like a month! S/O to my AZ FAM I miss ya'll!
No matter what you think, Obama is inspiring and one hell of an orator
wow! God Bless you for saying that way to go dad. hope you do have a shot gun by the door she will be hotter
hahaha that is awesome. I think that's a sign, time to retire
Why do I always end up being alone in dark rooms watching serial killer documentaries
Happy mothers day! And happy birthday Crystal (18)! And Happy bithday to my great grandmother (87)!
God gave u today so theirs a way by be bless children of god another oprtunity given go get them ...
Slide to the right
Please hold off on talking about Google+ until I get an invite. Thank you.
Let me see what we can do. Be back to you in a min.
who was the predictor and what was his web-site? listening in the car, forgot it by the time i got home!
Check out www.baltimorebusinessjournal.com for all the latest local Baltimore inaugural news!!!
I can' tell you I was in bed with a bad stomach virus & still feeling it but will let you know
Alright Twitter World Peace!!!!!!!
looking forward to it!
Watching the shuttle in Rosslyn!
Speaking of Harvesting, did you ever play Dune? I harvested so much spice. So many spice harvesters lost to sand worms...
grassy ass
Just tweeting me back makes us even !!!
fun stat of the day. User downloaded Yurbi at 12:49 today and had it installed and activated at 1.
Danika Patrick apparently is in #NASCAR this year. Media hasn't paid much attention.
Pro tip: don't get melting menthol crystal in your eyes.
This guy has jokes RT : trade me halladay. u need a catcher which montero will be in like 2 weeks
I'm not a kid anymore so I can't be kidnapped I can only be napped, which doesn't sound bad because I love naps!!!!!
Alot better luv thanks for asking.. When I heal I'm coming to get you to go to my new spot$$$$
Ass phatter than a Swamp Possum with the mumps!
aww thank you! :) Your not so bad yourself! Hahaa
well its $200 for the "be iconic experience" plus hotel, food, gas, and maybe plane tickets..
thnks 4 rt. -nanubhai.org-teachers 4 India's kids. Event tom in NYC. wanna come w me? traveling hence late invite-Lots of celebs
Midnight cruise with minivan's phasers set to Baby Stun.
Kirk Cousins = Drew Brees. Don't be surprised if Cousins has a better career than RGIII.
Music Journos: are u less likely to cover music sent digitally? Looking for the actual track record, not the 'in theory' thinking. Thx!
Nice "meeting" you.
Participate in the #HERVotes blog carnival for the anniversary of the Affordable Care Act!
Interested to see people's opinions on the video.
At #TheRootCafe with #ParkerPennington - big things on the horizon!!
People shouldnt joke about bullying. Its a serious issue. People every day suffer from it.
Lol .. Boosie got me saying .. stand down my boy !!!.
i can't stand females that have a problem with you cuz you look better than them...lol
Wish it, dream it, do it.
so ready :)
that is a good way to put that i was thinking of how to eplain that #SHOUT OUT
Hello to everyone. Had a great week performing with down at The Barn in Sanford.. Awesome place to play!
#ThingsNotToDoAfterABreakup go see another guy the very next day! Smh
today a buyer said he recently spoke with my "#ARTDEALER_slash_ASSISTANT" said naw..dats jst my
uh uhh I said it must be, cause a nigga got dough!
Eating some Takis and watching 1000 Ways To Die....Hell Yeah!!!!
Awe I hope Bentley feels better. Delilah's been sick too. It is not fun!
ha! that is good. I wonder where you're getting these from :P
Good idea!
I don't know if I missed you or not but I just want to say that your album is amazing and I can completely relate to every song
"Perhaps Tomorrow" will screen on Wednesday, 5/16 - come on out & join us... HDFEST Events HD film festival - Portland Event
“: can Christina be anymore rude to ? Textn while he was talkin to all 4 coaches!
Had a great meeting with Louise from Best Of this morning at Rushtons
I believe you have to drink a bunch of winter beers, could be 10 different kinds
MimiGooner people subbed off for match fitness don't usually go straight down the tunnel when subbed
& Christian's relationship > So Cute & baby Chase ! Aw ; #QuieroMiBaby <3
I'm in desperate need of better powerflow (pilates/yoga) music. Any suggestions?
“: Oh, I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.” this is for you
Yes, they sure did. I'm sorry I neglected to mention that it was out now
what u think about that afc championship game?
yea isn't it a bunch of Mexican beaner DJs? Idk maybe dude cause I got a new job with Oscar and Oj :)
So I got up at 645 am to register for next semester and I have now been laying in bed playing with my new iPad. I'm in love!
I don't think I have any Rapture worthy hats to wear for the occasion.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer11
nice shirt :P
- Could you DM me an email address? Would love to send you info on upcoming NJ family friendly events.
Rose!!! No!!!! Bulls gonna have to do things without him :/
Katy Perry is HOT!!!! I am loving it!!!!
Wish it was real.
Oh my god, got robbed!! They asked him "Who WILL be the final 2" not who SHOULD be! is the true winner - kept it 100!
I know - I want to go back to NYC too. M - another vacation elsewhere with you would suffice too ;-)
So...then...Kim wins #survivor...better than Alicia winning. Alicia's low IQ ass needs an attitude adjustment.
with A hater a day is good!
Ran this morning, on purpose. Probably should have cut back on those Chipotle Burrito's a long time ago.
such a wonderful weekend in the sun - wish I could play in the sun again today!
Great post, excellent resources got the book That's Rude Dude for my Aspie 14 year old who called me a biatch today!
you played my favorite character on DHW, and did it amazingly well ♥
I should probs write in my blog today
what do u mean by falling out
I'm afraid they weren't very encouraging. Best they could do was tell me someone would call me back by 6. So I lose today.
Awesome right!? Thanks for stopping by! RT Checking out and trimmings, loving this concept!
And in case it needs to be said - this ain't personal. My problem isn't with you, Shannon, just the sentiment you're espousing.
Thanks for creating the Black talon event.. Awesome.. the warZone also.. Very smooth, I'm looking forward to the game very much!
Leaving 30 minutes late for pledge retreat.
Never seen the USA this packed
you're welcome!
#FOLLOWME & I FOLLOW YOU - Retweet 2 Get More Followers -
Thank you! Nope, you made it in time!
You just might be funnier than Ginger! Please tell your owner to hurry back to Hulu! haha
Thanks for following! XOXO
Sad that Svuem is leaving 2 the Cubs but happy for him personally. He should of gotten the Brewers gig full time after Yost
#modernfamily! I'm so glad we get a full hour today! :)
no doubt
Is Twitter a bad place to propose?
Holy fuck .. #Stahl from the point!
my office hours are 9 ta 5 but you can be my 6 to 10
Once again the #Falcons look completely lost going into the half. The #Giants are gonna come out focused. Watch.
Take all your big plans and break em this is bound to be awhile.
All yall tlkin dwn on #BP but if it wasnt for them yall parents wouldnt have faked an injury to get that settlement check!
Part of me wants to go out. But thats the crazy part.
Greg always tweets things that I say; they're of context and out of control...
Tweet me a color and I'll put my iPod on shuffle and tweet you your song you get <3
WHAT??? You haven't seen the new promo yet? Come on kids.....catch up :)
wait for it ... $125/person.
I miss u! You should ask ur parents if u can come stay at ur tia's house for 4th of july weekend!
Ever wonder how 7 Figure gifts happen? They happen because #fundraisers who solicit these donors have adopted the right mindset & paradigm.
Had that name as an experiment we were testing something out
just saw you on #JaneByDesign :)
you have the best hair please please tell me where to get it from
Awesome!! Fireworks and sirens!!
In general drugs are kind of amazing. And that's kind of an understatement.
I hear ya. But I think the faster a trend starts on the internet, it will the longer it will take to die out. IMO.
ima tell you one time
I'm loving this vibe tho
TY for the RT. Have a great day!
Beauty catches the attention but character catches the heart..
Wish I could've saw
About 2 start tweeting 4 the next hour random shit...
“: I never get Goodmorning texts..” only if I had your number! :)
-- loneliness / felt by the one / hearing the cuckoo #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
What to do for lunch hmm
We're joining for our weekly dose of #CHIchat in 15 minutes. We're talking about #Comedy in #Chicago. Join us!
great dmv experience on friday, awful one today. making me wait just to hand over old license plates.
where u live?
thanks! Would be much appreciated if you would give use a retweet and/ or a facebook share
Ran out of gas in the f'ing desert. I kid you not. Waiting for roadside assistance...
It's finally Friday!! R-t if your happy as I am(:
OMG THE ICE-CREAM TRUCK!!! #Hialeah <3
if you shot the gun your dog would probably be freaking.
Happy Mother's Day to Mama Roth, the greatest mom in the world!
Pretty good today. Just need some more sleep. ;oP
Hope to see you today 💜
FRIDAY - Over 20 defendants who have either been found guilty by jury or pled guilty will be sentenced today.
Today I happily stuck a toe back into running- & Fyi: Dr. Lewis at I did not fall...
aha xD yeah I sort of "borrowed" my sisters gift box..
Waited 40 minutes for the cicero bus. 45 minutes for the archer bus that I missed.. For waiting inside bk..
Margaritas with the tennis girls
no problem 👍
Taking a walk down Honeymoon Avenue.
PRETTY BOY SWAG!!! pull out that mirror
Full moon!
You could head up the new Beer Department.
God damn lakers
Dam Twitter got real today #angrybirds talkin shit about some stupid Shit
so.... Is it really really scary?!?
No Carolina... Sad face...
Jon Hamm. Stop it. I love you. Stop.
Can't wait some of the vendors brought their work in today AMAZING! Hope everyone can stop by for Food, Wine, and Shopping!
Walking down the streets of Hampden, and a smell of burgers wafts down.You follow it, and you see the Baltimore Burger Bar!
Following back:)
I give a damn about equality because it's 2011 and it's America and we're better than this.
yeah actually I am. #mylifesgreat 👌👌
just wanna cuddle and watch across the universe #toomuchwork :l
10 yrs ago today made smartest decision of my life & askd most important question ever...of Still can't believe she said YES!
Bitches, make me Laugh, crawl back under your rock please! :)
" it lead me to believe that I was meant to be a supporting character nothing more"
Open Mic Night @ Cabby's in Broward. Tonight! Tonight! Tonight! Come perform! Show love to your local artists! :)
RT : Groovy tool: just recommended for optimizing your social media engagement.
go look up harry styles and emma ostilly on google....
birthday is officially over & I'm officially 17 ;D
Sad news this week. First Junior Seau, now MCA of the Beastie Boys. Rest in Peace.
Omg is killing me right now with this bit.
Its has been a #crazy day...
well done!
came to conclusion last week after listening since you started on (since 95.5). P1 listener", now I skip 3p-6p
He who love touches walks not in darkness.Plato.
If only the Bucks had the 8th seed....
It's called "awesometastism" and it's not too serious.
Good morning!
I MISS YOU. IDK. COME BACK INTO MY LIFE.
We are happy to have a new twitter name ! Please pass this information along. We are thankful for all our customers.
"I get it, if I had just met me a day would not be enough" G. Lightfoot, 11/21/09
We hope you enjoyed your day at Disney! :)
Go Che go! It's your moment now! RT : About to have my own Dame Dash moment... Per this is my time...
Good thing my sister's boyfriend is here , he's taking us to school :)
This long line is heightening my anger
Funding for Kingsboro psychiatric will remain in budget. Assemblyman nick perry tells ny1 "the brackets have been removed."
Gifts from the Arkansas travelers: bag of mullein, handful of witch hazel seeds, muscadine wine, and photos of black bears 1 large, 1 small.
Now we've moved on to talking about the semi-pro baseball team gr'father played on in 1950.
this is gettin good. Commentator on Sampras after score: "The greatest running forehand in the history of the sport."
youre the man!
After everythinng thats going on , i still manage to put a smile on my face :)
CMS: One of the main obstacles the web site developers faced was the scope of the project.
#breakingbad that is all.
ALL TEENS! TOMORROW THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! (HUGE GLOW STICK PARTY) DJ PRODIGY AND VALENCIA LIVE!! $10 B4 8PM!
Yes. Michael, you are the president, Wolfie is vice and I will be the secretary.
Tic Toc, can't wait! RT : Hey new followers! Join us live tweeting tonight! See you guys in 1hr 30mins.
Good evening, Ms.Lawrence. Having a pleasant evening?
Ha! RT Mitt Romney's opinion of the Detroit Bailouts is "Evolving".
#BarbaraWalters says "You CAN'T TRUST The Kardashians" Wow Kim, you dun pissed everyone off!
Ask yourself this question...will it matter a year from now?
I need to dance 60 hours a week. I'm feelin it!
I haven't seen it yet. Is it really that bad?
I think I would be very happy if decided to flirt with some angry dubstep.
On the way to Power 92.3 w/ He's on the air at 7, tune in.
"Midnight in Paris" now stands at $56.5 US, $91.9 foreign, $148.4 global. After 40 weeks it's still playing on 16 screens as of 2/20. OSCAR!
Paul Loscocco is an opportunist supreme. He just chooses the wrong opportunities. What a boob. Baker can have him
Crazy night with @ justinjerzak, just got here... now we chillin =P
Thanks for sharing!
Please play "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! I reeeealy want to hear it on the air!!
2 pairs of wool socks and I still can't feel my toes...I f*cking hate winter
We also have Playd t-shirts on the way to some of our lucky users. Enjoy!
girl, Air Force chics have issues. For real!! I'm killing her with kindness though.
flew by dude. Too fast! Ugh.
Your man is having himself a game tonight vs Portland!
Nintendo Duck Hunt T-Shirt
lmfao were so god(;
now you need to do one of those "and this is me next to myself @ 149GB heavier" shots.
What's up #TeamFollowBack ?!?! Looking for more followers!
The Forsyte Saga was pretty good!
When you own a print shop, even shopping at the auto parts store is dangerous.
done following :) follow me :)
Difference between preservation archive vs archives for access Big Heads
Ended up at the open data session #cbmore. "funky data's better than no data."
Plans are nothing; planning is everything. – Dwight D. Eisenhower
A huge honor! Can't wait to visit your school& thank you in person!
I like my relatively calm gmail inbox too much to forward all the useless e-mails my Yahoo account gets to it, haha
Thanks 4 the follow!
LMAO. RT : Reggie Miller just used "size does matter" and "clog the middle" back to back.
Breakfast served all day everyday!!
Someone to hold me too tight, Someone to hurt me too deep, Someone to sit in my chair and ruin my sleep and make me aware of BEING ALIVE!
The veggie burger I'm craving right now is the slightly messy, but oh-so-tasty, quinoa burger at Black Squirrel
The moment u fall in love
Back in Cleveland...
yeah but I get those looks. You know the ones.
Thanks for your kind words!
Library re-opens Monday, May 7 at 7:30 a.m. I believe the courtyard is open this week, but w/ limited hours & services.
I don't understand you..
okie :c night
#ifihad1wish I would wish that everyone in Carmel would come to EWC for our Under The Mistletoe promo! There are only 5 days left!
Dark Shadows is a very creepy movie.
#ideas2action mobile Georgetown goes live. Now to "make it awesome".
oh okay.
Sia " Clap Your Hands"...obsessed
Trying to be a better person is the grossest thing I've ever experienced and I have a vagina!
How do I add Ow.ly Pro to my plan? Your help forum is useless & you have no link in the "vanity url" pref. section
Big stuff from us coming up next week for the Aldo VS Mendes fight next Saturday!
Kentucky is losing five starters to the NBA and we #BBN is all excited for the team we have for the New season this can only happen at UK
All ladies are free before 11pm! 2nite #ClubDowntown $2 for any beer $4 Any mixed Drink or Shot--> And it's not well drinks! #TopShelf--> $4
Backk Home. Phew! *wipes forehead dramaticaly*
Lmaoo ima need all that Memphis Style BBQ shipped to me
Good night..
Thanks Ben! Glad you like what you here!
AwesomeRT if you haven't eaten, you gotta get the grilled vegetables/ricotta/crusty bread. It is SO good.
but i know that when I leave here, my Rice degree is worth a lot more than one from Alabama, or LSU. So why does it matter?
It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are.
I keep thinking about this over and over again. I should of gone for you when I had the chance. But no
Huh? This sounds like bad advice. Please explain for those not there. RT : Fail fast. Fail forward. Fail better.
Idk Youre my friend and you act like you love me like one but you called me judgmental&a hypocrite. I tried changin but idk if that's enough
A big yellow crayon drawing of a sun. That's it. It snowed outside and I'm in here with a death grip on a yellow crayon.
Why would Rick Pitino call a time out right there? Pitt was lost the last two possessions. #not smart
Actually Productive. Actually Recorded Material. Actually Stoked.
Listening to Glory Days by Brice Springsteen
damn thats still a long time to go
I've had similar dreams about swims, runs and some muffins. :)
Success is not about talent and diligence. It is about fortune and carelessness.
It's Second Saturday and that means Art Walk. Lots of great openings and ongoing exhibits tonight. Are you coming?
are absolutely AMAZING live!!!! Ah fuckin' love 'em!!! ♥
It's cool seeing companies spring up to provide the platform for doing what Mobspot has been doing behind the scenes for years!
Happy Easter to all of the Twitter heads out there...
That was like the laziest bike ride of my life. Oh well, got in a good 10 miles
Hey, you you what? This OWS stuff turns out to be nonsense.
Of course I'm a rapist, I'm Satan mixed with a lil dre
thanks for the post!
And they need to quit cutting PE and recess fr the school day!
Except me right?
Good Evening Everyone* OK,long day at work and sending video emails. Happy to be checking out twitter tweets! Enjoy an Awesome Evening&Week!
I'm writing a book hopefully it will be published by Oct.
happy night
Hi there RVRedVatican
Are your fav “healthy” foods hiding icky ingredients? Get the scoop at our #GroceryStoreTour on 3/20! Call 619-501-5664 to sign up!
I wish I could dance with you <3
Every burden is a blessing. -Robert Schuller
Was lovely to catch up - we need to have a proper chat sess offline!
Hey #Chicago if you want food & drink deals and/or coupns for the loop, southloop and mag mile text FOOD to 3126983336
Community Service Day!!!
Hot as shit
also check out www.beamitmobile.com/techstars
making you smile was the best thing I've done all day! missing you like crazy....
We hope you enjoy your visit!
I love your subject matter!
Stimulate yo mind Craig.
Dig-It Underground Announces Artist Stephen Fishwick&#39;s Disney Artwork Now Available
I don't know what i expected... but I didn't expect that..
RT : Finally, the man is arrested & on Spelman's founding date. Black mothers, sisters & daughters' prayers are answered.
I got a crush on you<3
Were you at Forte this weekend?
If you have a problem with me, write it neatly on a piece of paper, put it in an envelope and shove it up ur ass.
haha, i just haven't been on lately. been doing a lot of running around, trying to get my car fixed. miss y'all 😁
I love you too beautiful!
Thanks for the compliment and sharing my story!
I want to see #oomf right now! >:|
Pride comes before the fall
we have May 1 in the US x_x
just played mario kart with my friend. i won
or you could get clubbed over the wad an you could get dragged backstage
When you can see a girls panty line through her pants
“: How in 2012 can I hear Tone Loc twice in one day? #theapocalypse” Lenny's iTunes list of favorites?
Netflix and Chinese kind of night
I see both sides. 3 minutes late doesn't seem like a big deal, but it can get disruptive.I am glad the kids weren't punished.
*Sigh* RT : No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn’t trying.
"I want some meat on my face" says
Im not the only one.
when people call me by my real name
Rocking my graphic cut-off t to the club tonight. The only way to bag a classy lady is to give her two tickets to the gun show
Fuck you All!
Krystals and Sweet Baby Rays : )
Followed! Whats up
i been on here!
Gather your pennies folks! Starting Friday,Facebook will be selling stock from about $38 a share! You too can own a piece of our privacy! :)
I'm so glad I'm not the only one. I find Google+ confusing and annoying, I can't see any point to it.
Normal Girls: "I need money to buy more make-up." Me: "I need money to buy concert tickets to see my boyfriend."
#WhyDoPeople gotta lie, cheat, & steal ?
Lol period i'll B threw
possible bright side: Better than not brushing teeth?
My mother is sucking noisily on a lollipop and my sister won't let me turn on music
if i quarter for every time beal says "I cant wait to tell that story to our grand kids"...
Thank you for supporting
is spending the afternoon in Fishers, Indiana kicking off our latest project.
if you dont like what i tweet why are you following me then ?
I wake up in the morning where the cash at
Don't worry. The risk is all in your genes. Enjoy!
Oh nice! I know that school. Well once u set up ur profile, let us know what u think, or if u have any questions! Here to help!
Who saw Justin beiber drop his freaking stick at the vma's? Freaking hilarious!! Lol he froze too..lol
LET'S FUCKING GO ZACK RYDER!
: Ooh! Looking forward to the review!
Pandora Radio <3
Right now go outside and look up! The Super Moon has hit her peak! 14% bigger & 30% brighter than any other time in the whole year! Wow!
My Mommys Making Tacos For Me , #WINNING (:
How does Pau respond to these couple of days of criticism? 23-17-6-4. Pretty great game.
Hiring two blogger: 1.) Experienced in Donations/Fundraising 2.) Exp. in Event Planning/Ticketing. Email
Don't you let the #giants score there and save your 2 timeouts? Thought you could stop them 4 times from inside the 3 yard line? #c'monman!
follow back miss
What Are The lyr1cs From? ANswer The Next 5 Lyr1cs 1 Tweet Correctly And 1ll Ment1on u To Someone Famous Of your Cho1ce =3
Help Seattle start-up by tweeting! check us out: ply.mk Our press release is up too. Regardless, huge fan! love saturday show
is a fun ruiner. Not a #laharbprob anymore
Headed to the MTV offices for a special black history month performance today...
I like proper scottish girls who are fat with big tits and swine pig noses. Have you guys seen those??
#whosgonnalose - Cincinnati at San Diego - Cincinnati will lose
Thanks for the #ff!!
Only a few more days left in Lubbock; I can feel the Lord preparing my heart to go home
John Shelton Ivany of Top 21 says "Jim Allchin's 'Overclocked' is a masterpiece. One of the best albums of the year." Wow
Because, at the end of the day, I just assume that some system will be devised to keep the 2011 TCUs of the world out
I hope your day is filled with sleep...ice cream & more sleep!...I'll whisper..as not to wake you...happy birthday!
Rick santorum said America was a great country before 1965
no i said i have it with a water pipe but i looked at my viewers list and saw nobody
Bynum has been clutch for the Lakers this season & he's been key tonight.
This is a really interesting article. Thanks for sharing.
What made all of these people just randomly start liking kid cudi? And most of the people who say they "love" him have like 5 of his songs?
haha, GD or some of Zorn's mellower soundtrack music is great for Sun mornings. Too much to choose from...
I'm ready for #believe. I know its gonna be incredible.
Paganism is wholesome because it faces the facts of life. Aleister Crowley
Saw a girl fall flat on her face earlier while walking down the sidewalk.. And I'm still laughing about it.
Who? Moi? *blink, blink*
My hair is soft. ☺
what grade are you in?
I freaking love you, mayne.(:
A great discussion about tech education went down during 's session. He's really developing some awesome ideas.
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire. We don't need no water let the...oh, wait nevermind, put it out.
I have never lost complete respect for anybody in a day,but congrats #joepa #pennst,y'all are the 1st. Penn St deserves the death penalty!
Titanic II: Retro Genius, or Just Another Bad Remake? - TIME
what if it rapped?
too bad ur all the way in LA
Playing at the elbo room tonight with the Winchester! 10pm. $8
Pastry run with at Some Crust in Claremont-- we also got a baguette from Hoa Binh in Pomona. Can't stay away from my mega-carbs!
nah I got a new number
Drink some COFFEE! It will get you through your workout! :)
LED or LCD?
got two words for ya jimmy. Weed!
oh no! Uu ok now girl?
Cricket fighting is a popular amusement in China. Many Chinese children keep crickets as pets.
Stay up to date with current events in #Africa through We are always looking for interesting articles & info to retweet!
Where did the chubby kids hair go??
Yah, I'm known for jumping early.
While it's clearly a ridiculous idea, the part of me that likes unneeded #Brewers drama wants to see Craig Counsell come out of retirement.
RT : The earthquake and having a dog really changed how I interact with my neighbors. Feels a lot more like a community.
They throw on a rap record, then they sit and they vibe...
Ah, how tantalizing is the vice & sin filled life of the professional performer. Often more sizzle then the roles they play. :-)
is it gross that im deep frying ham n cheese hot pockets?
Over a year, but I still miss you just as much, I miss my best friend & I wish you were here, we were gonna conquer the world together </3
About to watch Epic Movie !
Of Course!
On to the next one hard to move on when you always regret one <\3
Score predictions?
haha what up dude. that was so funny
Shut it down Adam Levine. You're so sexy.
Thanks Needed a new "read" and that looks interesting
stop it. I'm hungry....and thirsty, now, too.
is that why u wanted the saucer sled ?
Thanks to you I now have a serious pistachio addiction, thanks nig holla!
I knew I ran into Patrick Kane AGAIN this year at Mifflin. Too bad I don't care that much.
If Lamb, Teague, and even TJ return to get their draft stock up, they can make more in 3 years than they would make in 4 if they leave now.
i am on my way to it only a 12hr drive
there-we are back on lol
RT : mr cal flipped THE shit on me today for not having a calculator becuase he hates me
and then me my friend (the other leader) and a couple of the girls in my small group defended him! Haha it was fun! :)
You wouldn't come anyway!
Badgers impress fans | But not the AP voters | Flying sub-radar | http:BadgerHaiku.com
Texting buddy?
the Rise As One stuff on Nike BB is my squad. Been a great run, very intense but very fun!
any drupal developers near Allentown PA -- I have a client looking!
"dream sequence"
One piece of that I know I will really connect with is the Israel prostitute discussion
. Duh, we WANT the turtles to hatch, doesn't mean we have to apply that to everything.
Wondering if FL is jealous that the upper east coast stole away Irene's attention.
ankle jewelry? “: On another note, this bitch at the airport has on a stone wash Jean skirt with a slit up the back #ohnoshedidnt”
Excellent here; how are you?
Watching Pokemon Mew vs Mewtoo c:
Current Status: Replacing 15 years of relational database experience with MapReduce
That's another surefire way of handling it.
Thanks for coming, so glad you and Chessie Clark had fun...and beat your time...good job!
Iphone 4 to verizon!!!
Choose a profitable target market(s) #coaches-can industry specific or functional.
We out here at Edison's bar and grill in #orangeburg this joint jumping. Lyrical Geni mixtape release party
Hooray! RT : I am very proud and excited to announce that in exactly one week, I will start my new job with !
If it aint it ain't
Forgot to tell you, I got a Big Polo bag Im selling...It would be a good Baby Bag, its fresh AF but jus 2 big for me....lmk
“: Truly depressing: Scrolling down to find my year of my birth.”
hey girl, have you talked to kristen? can you message me, i wrote you on fb.
Brb. Planting my dreams.
I don't get why the Flyers' Bryzgalov makes $10 million a year.
What?! Where is Stabler on SVU?
Dinner with my man, , and !
That's a very sweet picture. (sweet/awesome and sweet/sweet :)
#DavidStern is a liar and a complete jackass.
I might be in love
Hillary Duff is not believable as a "rebellious suicidal teen."
OMG!!! followed me!!! That just MADE. MY. DAY!(:
When I do that for my name, I get the hockey player.
thanks for the mention. could not have started Sportaneous without the help of the Lang center!
Sometimes I want to say what I REALLY feel but thats not my character. I just let you make yourself look like a fool on your own.
I would too; but only with bluegrass as soundtrack....
Convent Of The Scred Heart, Tisch School Of The Arts.
RT : I had such a great day at open house! I can't wait to be a part of this school this coming fall!
"It must be nice to think you always know better. That you're the smartest person in the room." "No, it's awful." H. Hunter, Broadcast News
She needs to cook for me soon! Tell her I'm asking lol
I miss my babe so fucking much :(
Josh Smith was, uh, candid -- check out colleague
This weekend, need to start a series on weight loss for my blog, as well as some goodness for the
Wow #BB13 is a roller coaster!
What was the best pick of Day 2 of the NFL Draft?
I'm not at all a fashion person, but only blog I've been keeping up with on movie-watching hiatus is ARAKS.
Vernon Davis, fellow curler, for the TD!
Old men looking at my ass so fuckin NASTY
must be high
Okay okay done for tonight with gossip girl... Full nap time... Or maybe just sleep till when ever. Tomorrow 2 hour season finale of Glee!!!
#MommyPorn, "50 SHADES OF GRAY- guy ties up girl/BDSM ensues. huh? I tied my wife up once, then went to the next room & watched golf.
Explanation: End of the semester group projects. Sadly, some students are definitely lemons!
This is my life. S.E.T... Sleeping Eating and Tanningg (:
Happy Valentine's Day!!!
She is lying!!!
After a week and a half at the Mac hospital, my computer gas officially been declared dead. Damn. I wasn't prepared for this.
Reading off the results of the frivolous ballot reviews @ the Hennepin County Government Center...
Looking forward to having 500 followers asap, please RT. Thanks for the great support!
...saying Kidd-Gilchrist changes his name for his mother, that the guy "walked way from" TJones instead of over him, etc, etc
Well we have arrived in Boston! Let the drinking begin... Can't wait to see all of you 2morow. Special thanks to the NYC crew for good times
That is just silly. Clearly it will be K-Rod for Belt.
Hey #WLSRadio - Please move Dick Biondi back to 7 PM. Listeners in NYC love to listen to him, but we have to sleep
Made It Here
give Nick a shout at and we'll work it out!
Nothing like a NH traffic jam: at least 15 cars rolling at 15 mph behind a tractor!
Green Bay Packers: Another Promotion Coming for Eliot Wolf
unfortunately hugs don't fit in holes.
They wouldn't be 'instructing' RT : Q2) What if the "Learning" department only focused on learning?
I love my puppy but I swear I'm going to punch it in the face.
I've taken comm. class and practiced w/ copy but its difficult to find auditions, what is the next step? Paid auditions?
Taking Briggs to the vet for surgery :(
How excited are we that the Brewers won?! Oh very.
Couldn't sleep last night, 1.5 hrs to go for my pitch to the DOD. Pitch my products many times before so I should be ok.
It's a beautiful day, not a cloud in sight, so I guess I'm doing alright
PLN...Please send good luck tweets for STAAR tests. We are showing our students all of your good luck tweets.
The more you are willing to feel in the moment, the more you will be able to move and flow with life.
.: "free speech balancing" test in TM --(note separate from TM "nominative fair use")
HI John! How'd you find out about our movement? We're excited to get a follower from Baltimore!
never threw an ax, good weather here doing some bonus fly fishin
You'll be back. You know it.
Tommy just made me a vanilla latte with a fire breathing dragon in the foam. #perks of owning a coffee shop #latte art
What do you like in your tacos? Smoked Pulled Chicken? Kobe Beef? Grilled Tuna? IT'S TACO TUESDAY, try our tacos for half price today!
Looking to connect with #DECA students and advisors. Will you be attending ICDC in Salt Lake City?
According to some article I just read, the Bible claims that gay pride is pretty much the same thing as murder. Psh, whatever dude.
Loving on CBS #SundayMorning. Great interview!
Those who think they have not time for bodily exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness. – Edward Stanley
Yes. RT AP BREAKING NEWS: Milwaukee mayor wins Democratic primary to face Wis. Gov. Scott Walker in recall election
Kind of shocked that the #CentralTXWildfires are on the front pages of CNN and the BBC's sites and not even MENTIONED in the
so, it's really an issue with (or about) effectiveness, then, isn't it? rather than difference of theft v piracy.
My life is SUCH a roller coaster right now. And I can't tell if that's a good thing or a bad thing..
call me
nice to hear about disabled folks getting out there leading normal...wait, what the what?!!
Thanx for the RT Love! Awesome event! Tried out the Moisture Butter Whipped Curl Crème - the smell is HEAVEN
How old are you ana Hello You're a cool girl or bad hhaha
I can barely stay awake right now
Ugh, you have to be 18 to work at Bath & Body Works. :((
Shout out to my boys for lookin out for me
Yes, we're open tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. The Wizard of Oz exhibit will be here through May 13!
Poker tonight?
And that's all they played!! Thanks so much for either coming out or watching the stream! Replays will be abound eventually. Night!!!
Ok dc can y'all win so I can go to bed
Gotta love skyping with friend you haven't talked to in forever! #LifeIsGood!
You're color deaf.
Just finished eating & watching the New #Battleground episode on Hulu, definitely the best episode so far
Got to see my crush tonight.
thanks for the offer. I'll check out your site and maybe we can work on something together.
My wife wants to know whaz up with the long pants? 2 days in a row?
If you don't need love, you can find it everywhere.
will do! “: Coming to FL 2-3 times a year, Heather was our waitress this week twice, best waitress I ever, say hello 2 her”
We're opposites. I was more of a miler. Was always impressed with people who could dial into a pace and hold it for miles.
Well I guess a reschedule is in order can't find the stuff I need
I would happily be the recipient of your "problem".
Hey Man Support Our Clothing Line. Watch Us Grow.
Remember the age of James Dean - one of America's first bad boys. #RetroOnThePatio Reminisce the 50s with us tonight!
Tomorrow's game just took on a whole new meaning: Win & we could be in the playoffs. WE NEED YOU HERE! Support #CLE!!!
Thanks for the retweet Katherine !
RIP TO CHUCK BROWN ....GODFATHER OF GOGO
Random Thoughts: So the President makes his picks for the NCAA Basketball Tournament. Nice to see our PORTUS involved in sports.
This bitch forever judging me -_-; what makes u so much better is my question?
Dog-in-training is reliant upon clear/rapid notification of approval. Immediate #clicker praise/timing is essential to reinforcing behavior
thanks..the baby u thought was yours is 18..lol.how old are is your son
Is summer finally here in SF ? We sure think so ! Come over today's special - The Chicken Fried Chicken Sandwich !
Happy Thanksgiving !!
Thanks for following.
my guy chillin .. Out here working, what about you?
I took off my shoes then unleashed the girls. Sorry, #librotraficantes, once the girls are set free, I'm not leaving this room.
Hi all! Yes Lee carries our tile line and her showroom is amazing!
it's not that it's too soon; it's that it's not funny at all.
Beer that tastes like bourbon. Life can't get better than that, can it?
Please take your time for some golden opportunities at my profile.
Two weekends in a row with the apartment to myself? This may be the weekend I snap and start having full conversations with myself.
NOBODY CARES!
You Looked good To Me ! I Was All F'D Up Ha
i do but I am not at home.. feel free to shoot me a DM though if you want to give me the run down of what you are lookin for
It's awesome watching college and NFL games where players that came from Cincy are doing work
How can you not like cheese?
First Friday downtown and I'm on call...must. be. well. behaved.
We are a Lincoln Park Landmark with newly renovated rooms. Check us out online and make us your Landmark Home today!!
Nap time z
Relax, listen, and react. If you do these 3 things in an audition…chances are you’re alive.
Seven free screenings and now free food at Arclight??? Love you! Double feature night of Lucky One and Bully. I like diversity. :)
Fuck thinking. I'm going for a run.
really? haha. I'm so excited.
雪花 =>xuěhuā=> snowflake (lit. snow-flower)
im still jenny from the block
and I will miss doing twisted trivia for you!!
LOL. I feel bad for the Mavericks. Champions last year, burn outs in the beginning of the next. That sucks, bruhs.
GO follow please if you a Belieber ik you WILL follow her
I'm so glad we had this time toggeettther. (Add Carol Burnett earlobe tug)
Yo today is a good day! :)
Was this all just a fucking joke to you??
Tebow to the jets = 2 easy wins for the bills. Super Mario has another target now
Morrissey: Make yourself more interesting than dirt to your dog - Summit Daily News
Thanks for the follow and for caring SO much about our vulnerable kids! #CASAofDC!
Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither - C S Lewis
Caught SILENCE! this weekend, hilarious musical parody of Silence of the Lambs at 9th Space Theatre at PS122 in East Village - recommended
« i followed back»
wassup wit it mane you in the M?
go giants!
Change your attitude, Exercise is not a boring chore but a gift of life to your body for better health, longevity and vigor.Find what works!
Man mumbles to himself on the L train. Only word I could decipher was "MySpace"
taint is free with the purchase of (1) butthole.
Trying to be productive but I'm stuck in a daze...
aw dude i didnt get tickets
Wow carter 4 is sick
Absolutely heartbreaking that's how it's probably going to end for the Original Sandman
For sure will send the link out too :) Also have a #DairyQueen National that should be starting to air in end May/June :)
im so sorry! Lol
Lol havent been on here in a while..Whats up?
Just wanted to let you know that my MINI CD is available on CD BABY
“This was not going to be my business, it was just something we did,” stated Scott
Sweet you're the best! Oh hey remember when I was boss at driving zachs car stick shift yesterday? I do.......
I <3 your vitriol. As a black man in the entrepreneurial space I want greater diversity in the VC space.
There are some people in life that make you laugh a little louder, smile a little bigger, and just live a little better.””
Finally sitting on the plane to leave Miami, and get back home to Detroit!
Eckhardt also suggests that #Apple should reach to hire low-income folks in exchange for proposed incentives
I think I'll do that, thanks!
#santacon is coming next Saturday 12/10...so excited to bring back taco Santa
Ditto! In for the long haul. RT : #MCDM literally changed my life. I will never be able to completely check out.
I swear tweets the truth.
we got em right where we want em.
I hope the wk. is off to a great start!!
On set. Word.
Maybe we'll play Illuminati (conspiracy card game). I won last two games, so everyone will be gunning for me. :P
Plz follow us, we'll follow back!:)
Tony Dungy or John Gruden would work for me!!
Happy Valentine's Day or....to others who know it as Single Awareness Day. Ah, yes let's not forget
yeah! i really hope i win the contest. thats so awesome!
That IS super MT Batman's greatest superpower - being a depressed dude who somehow stayed motivated & effective.
Sounds wonderful! RT "When you're feeling overwhelmed. take big deep belly breaths &allow yourself to relax :)"
Used 2006 Volkswagen Jetta TDI Special Edition for sale in Salem ...
Actually having to repeat after lathering and rinsing<<<<<<
Welcome to our fellow #Colorado followers!
May the road rise up to meet you...May the wind always be at your back...And until we meet again...May God hold you in the palm of His hand.
Thousand dollar deal closed!
Good bread, like good wine and good coffee, is all around us now in Washington and the suburbs..- Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
congrats. We had five AP awards as well.
just customized my twitter with a warm design
Will be great to see San Antonio, Austin and Dallas getting national exposure too!
Dane cook sucks
i hate it when I'm eating cereal and the last three pieces are like; "HAHA! catch me if you can!" -_-
that sounds awesome!
niall and you are so cute togetherr! fuck the haters, theyre just jealous! :)
u mean in REAL life; or in movies?
Meatloaf plays the tour bus driver in Spice World.
2 maybe 3 beyond DwD?? that's a lot. i kind of like the idea of this story being with me into my own middle age, though.
I'm moving bruuuuuh (;
How 'bout, uh, mailing me some? Thanks for the tip. I'll have to visit the PO.
Just got owned by a package receipt on my doorstep. Called the number and got a sales pitch... Reverse telemarketing, Brilliant!
Lol. :) i love gabe yall he so cute when he is jealous
Happy new year from the west coast!
Runyan canyon...steep side all the way
It must be true what people say, that only time can heal the pain.
Thanks for the FF gentlemen! Have a great week.
Amazon does have Amazon Moms for cheap diapers, etc.
Great win for the Hoosiers!!!
Watching The Help again...for class. Paper writing time!
RT : nah they can get something better. But they definitely need to get rid of Amar'e. Waste of space.
thanks for the webinar tweets!
Thank you for the follow Rachel!!
ya right!!! Lol
they are ugly . and ewwww ! thats why you wear so much perfume .
Yes I'm excited, I've enjoyed 'mild winter,' but I'm ready to get people excited to enjoy the snow our state has to offer!
The amount of ice sonic puts in their drinks should be illegal
Metro will vote on approval of Westside Subway up to La Cienega. Rest of project will wait until after hearing requested by Bev. Hills.
Now that it's over, AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAH FUCK YOU HOUSTON HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
morning myss and friends
congrats!!! That's an awesome medal :)
Agreed! : Great company at dinner tonight
Hey biz owners- Give us a call if you would like us to promote the heck out of your biz over Summerfest!!! We get around. A lot. :)
Good idea thanks!
RT The next person who mentions Kristen Bell and sloths gets smacked.
oh okay then it should be even easier I'm about to start spamming lol
Working out lol
This gay boy said he got hard off my boobs which were no where near showing O.o He's funny though c:
Tell me I'm funny so I know it's real (:
thanks our tech team is taking a look
right before the count down... on saturday. =P
hahahahahaha appreciate the love!!!
Purple, Lavender & white? Oh thats purrrty!
With my Aunt (:
GoodNight Family. Much love for all of you. Your presence, your future, your dreams and more.
Randy Jackson, your mother's sister is very ill I know her
Just want to express my disgust at the cowards in New York. Despicable, arrogant, shameful displays by
i thought so i had to make a quick change of plans anyway so u gud
welcome to the twitterverse :)
Run, Forrest, Run!
yeah, it should have more.
haha! I'll check out both sites. Thanks for embarrassing me enough to shave and inspiring me to have smooth shiny legs :)
15,000 gallons of beer are consumed during the Indianapolis 500. I wonder how much will consumed this week with the superbowl in Indy?
go eat a dick. bye.
I wish you ever success.with your designer clothes.
Don't blame others for your own stupidity.
Elizabeth McLaughlin. But she did a horrible job, in my opinion.
Allegedly 40 percent of current iPad owners will buy new iPad. Will same percent buy iPad Mini if/when it comes out? Sure, why not?
I feel bad for being on twitter in church but I'd definitely fall asleep otherwise
Know anyone that does website design? Let us know!
Thanks for the fun, Stillwater! If your in OKC you had better be at , and or you're missing out.
actually it doesn't seem to be going awkward at all.
Up and at em early somebody got to make a dollar out of fifteen cents or an honest living!!
RT : Maybe the secret of Romney's tax returns is that he doesn't tithe.
Join my linkedin Mercedes Benz Group of Baltimore Washignton.
This ain't a fuckin sing along
Could srsly RT all day all night
Great news that is launching nat'l plan to fight #Alzheimer's. Plan helps put us one step closer to a cure.
i am following u
YES! you are correct but I get the CIT's this summer so I'm happy =)
Any chance that you are streaming Nigel Thrift tomorrow?
Congrats, Hakim! Well deserved!
just got done with it, just let me know what time or hit me up in the am 414-581-1818
where are you now Coach?
Welcome back Ashley!! So glad Lady Phoenix has been born! Looking forward to the new album :)
Back atcha. See you tomorrow!
Play all your songs backwards! Wait, I think I misunderstood the question... ;P
Look out world just swam a 21.98 lcm 50 free. Broke Brett Hawke's textile record.
Does a group have to fail to succeed? Asked by our #TCUimpact co-lead Will
look into residence course in Oak Park on Feb 3-5: Life changing. Another technique. Call 773 324 8695
thanks RobBert! :-) Cool to see you here too! :-)
And if you or your clients like last minute remnant deals there are always a few hot deals available. Send us a note today!!
Thanks for another great recommendation! We'll check it out : )
I can't fucking wait for carb day
so a pirate walks into a bar...
Wow....what a day yesterday... and team...amazing dinner in HW Hills...its time..
MCC students aren’t just walking the walk: They’re dancing the dance when it comes to embracing diversity
Jump off a mountain, cunt.
Oh, thanks. I try to be evenhanded, especially on a Sunday morning. ;)
Fabulous! Breakfast at Uncle Mike's, lunch at Capt. Mike's, coffee at Common Grounds (best coffee ever!!) & shopping!
Haha Im barbecuing right now. Are you planning on coming over and I didnt know it? ;)
do you need a DJ in NY?
but still, the drift carries his stank... i smell it -..-
Still Building!
I can hold my pee for hours but as soon as I get even remotely close to my front door my bladder decides it wants to explode
911....hold.....hold yes i would like to report a FB homicide yes a FB homicide...hello hello damn they hung up lmbao hampton road redskins
It's Monday and I'm getting pumped about web copy. Oh, what a restful weekend can do...
For the latest updates on you can follow her at www.facebook.com/celestekellogg
Looking for some chill hangs, maybe grab a drink. Taking offers.
I have a tip that can take five strokes off anyone's golf game: it's called an eraser---Arnold Palmer
I'll be home this weekend!!!
Yes, that's sad because ATL is not that big but it seems like it. lol
TY for your comment! Let's try and find each other afterwards !
Zeppelin just came up on my playlist. Everything is going to be alright now
I wish we could trade our local reporters. has to go.
thanks for the shout-out!
Vitamin Company Selects Savannah Georgia to be the Test-Market for Its New Anti-Aging Formula
ugh i know right! exceot the lighting is scaring mehhh:( btw, you never skyped me!!!!
sure can't! we need more beer dudes in funny hats content! that's what vixens want!
going to bed nowww. #justkidding I'll probably just lay in bed and text.
I really do want to swim. Man.
Got a new blackberry, let the tweets commence!!!
the shirt looks blue to me...LOL this about the time and met up.
we should be able to see old hastags tweets!
Everyone looks the same so far. I'm disappointed.
In the middle of verizon voice prompt hell. Bill was wrong for third month in a row. They need to start paying me for fixing their issues.
In Albuquerque Making Handmade Soap and Soy Candles
just got back from having absolutely no internet or phone service for ten days. i dont know how im still living O.o lol -tia
: i wonder which of the "5" wines the stanford study group would have chosen if they had to paid for it?
Did another awesome-possum massage today on a former co-worker. Enjoyed the work so much, I almost felt bad taking his money.
New Icon, I reaally love this picture of Austin.
I gotta get my money right lol
#FF for kindly spotlighting "Tarkio Balloon" on their terrific website.
Follow me !(;
...to quickly hone in on passages that many students thought were crucial, e.g.
Hey we have to keep little Briar happy so she'll stay inside for a while longer!
Even though I regret going to #888Turk, not ALL of you needed to be in Oakland. Ridiculous.
...doesn't make it defensible and clearly he wasn't the right choice to upgrade.
RT “: Lord, forgive us when we get consumed by the things of this world that fight for our love & our passion.” ❤
#WhatMenShouldKnow women can lie about cheating better than men can. Partially because they're soulless heartless creatures.
Who's with me?
Going to spend some time with #LuckyChuck up on the Petenwell this weekend. Looking for the 30+ walleye
t minus 8 minutes until my two days off begin
how was it? was it the best night of your life?
hm,might invest were it said one would get to ride on that roof, smelling flowers, playing crocket..
“: If ur going 2 b an ass, make sure u have all 4 legs 2 stand on, bcuz ur goin 2 need 4 when I knock ur ass out!!! SMACK!!!”
SILVER SPARROW by #TayariJones, Now in Paperback! Yeah!!! Great read. Get it.
thanks for the insight! Not bad for a Pitt fan! Go #WVU LOL!
4square tells me this is 4 straight weeks of airports. And there are still 2 flights to go after this one this week!
I'm down with that sucka
Want two free tickets to Sublime with Rome? Tell us when ordering either in store or for delivery to be entered into a drawing every friday!
I cant walk anymore I fractured my foot I might surgery next week
At a grant writing workshop! Gettin da money!
Work teach gym let's go
I've already got a game-buying hangover from the Summer Sale and we're only halfway though!
MEDIA Flights for the 2011 Armed Forces Week are now available! Contact Phil Vollrath at by Tuesday if interested!
#FF to -- A harm reduction CHAMP!
Start the application process... RT What happens when a friends with benefits partner starts to really suck in bed?
Thank you so much! Merry Christmas
so... idek what to ask :P
Thank you... how you been?
It would be interesting to see what the company could do to support you leading some kind of community action.
Hey, we're all getting older. Mayoclinic.com has a great check-list for baby boomers: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Oh, how I miss hearing what I call "Sconnie" speak. Capturing it in writing is admirable, to say the least.
thank you so much for you follow:) it really means a lot;)
Yeah! Caps take the lead!!!
Amelia's baby! My heart...
hilary duff had her baby Tuesday! she was such a cute pregnant woman
Oh! (haha!) Yah I just remember! So sorry... :P Thank you as well and take care always! ^_^
Game Winner Kobe Bryant!!!
tweet me!!
I love kirstyn
If you’re planning to let me go today, make sure you’ll never come back tomorrow.
It's not just about how much money you make...you gotta enjoy what you're doing even if it's not as much as another job has for you
I don't like the way Erin sounds
how u.. U havin a good mornin
& we appreciate the follow! we're gonna have to set a funday! thank you
Only if Aidan is there.
James Thurber~ There are two kinds of light -- the glow that illumines and the glare that obscures.
Pomegranate Plunge, Tropical Smoothie....about to be a good morning
Merry Christmas Matt! I've taken to heart all of your messages since I came to Austin Stone 2 years ago.
lol oh.. you know i dont get this twitter thing, hahahaa.
Waffles and butter with syrup :p amazing
where the hell is my pottermore welcome letter. my sister got hers. i registered before her. what is this fuckery.
the big three of the twitterverse - LOL
wasn't It approximately 130 days between 70 degree days form last fall? I can't remember. Just curious.
#bootcamp6 just broke Twitter (at least for this building). Yes!
How do u approach someone who perceives u as the enemy??
What button have you remapped that you think people would benefit from knowing?
taz's glove?
Luciela Taschen - a new leather bag brand with a brand-new showroom - Radio Prague
Anyone know what's up with Danny Duffy? (I'm looking for facts, not looking for cynical nonsense posts)
Steve Ballmer just walked in...
That is great! I guess I better sign up soon then :) RT: right now head count roughly 50
at we can't let adults with low expectations hold back the education of kids who need help the most
im crying like crazy cuz btr won. amen
so correct. this is my favorite Tumbler to date, i dont know how you'll beat it
congrats on drafting the t rex
Thanks! We've been moving stuff around a bit in the spirit of spring, redecorating and stuff....you know :)
#FF Value personified
Do you ever experience your screen saver turning on at random times *after* you installed Air Display on your mac?
appreciates the new moon energy...
could you do promos for one of my bands i manage this saturday?
cute without the e
I always wait and wait and wait until the last minute to get ready for school
im gettin cake like evryday my birthday ..
so full of delicious indian food. don't wanna move. but the night is young! but i don't wanna move... ha.
Gonna go get ready for tonight (:
Wow. The Emmys are really funny this year. Totally shocked.
+1 to renaming to animated gif maker. Go big or go home, right? The S3 bill will be cheaper than marketing!
If I can't get this past my wife, I'll be joining the goth crowd whether I want to or not.
Westbrook looks like a legit clown
try now :)
So the navy is the next choice on my list....
It's always great to connect with a fellow Packers fan!
lovin' this California sun! sorry everyone who's experiencing horrible weather everywhere else. don't mean to rub it in, but it's 65 ;-)
hey what's up???
Post all of your week 7 fantasy fails here!!!!!
To save $800 or more on our Monster Karts for a limited time, use promo code SHAMROCK (sale ends on Mar. 17)
Bills of mortality were first evidence of metadata.
"What's these things hanging from your cats butt" "His balls kaela." She's stupid, I swear.
I think were moving at a good pace
Dear God the O's are unbelievable
you should if you're going to call or text me.
Aroma nights | Don't miss DJ Oso Fresh spinning old school & 90's hip hop tracks | 9PM I
Deadline done. Debbie done. Mind/body connects. I can be tired today without consequence. Yes, will go to work for a few hours. Later!
Good morning, all! I hope it's a great day you're making.
How can i get all these porn people from tryin to follow me.
Back in rehearsals for "they are threaded glass" with adrienne and rachel
Chicago! tonight i'll be making music with (throwback) homies from highchool! 'Sullivans in Forest Park
RT : Happy Librarians Week. When I think of how great Librarians are my eyes get all Dewey.
i do what people have done to me, i repeat history
the fundamentalist wing of your party will never accept that. you are simply in the wrong party!
ill be there
Glee fucking STOP ADDING PEOPLE
I am impressed with for correcting a minor issue with an article so quickly.
If the DOJ really wants to help #ebook competition, they should require ePub adoption across all devices
I HAVE to have a boyfriend señor year because Prom.
perf smoky eye: super blended combo of brumes duo+night flight. finish w MAC eye kohl in fascinating on waterline, fab!
It's been 19 months since my last cancer treatment for stage 2 cervical cancer. Saying yes to life.
spending the gift card u got me :)
RT : #NYC. You are just so beautiful.
Don’t Understand Why People Say “Get Thee Behind Me Satan.” I Would Want A Guy Like That In Front Of Me… So I Could Keep An Eye On Him
haha nope, there really is a guy in a full body elephant suit riding through campus on one wheel
Listening To #Boyfriend Using Earphones. HEAVEN. ❤
I love reading all of your uplifting tweets. They make me miss Spokane...
Corporations given unlimited $ free speech while the rest of us, who can't afford a senator, lose the right to protest!
What lies before us & what lies behind us are insignificant compared to what lies within us - R.W. Emerson
Awh, how sweet! Love you too!
CAN SOME ONE HELP TO PUT A PIC ON TWITTER PLIZE
Justin is almost 18:,( I remember the 13. Year old on YouTube he's come so far I'm proud
Definition of a teenager? God's punishment for enjoying sex.
Two great games in progress, I have said it before and I'll say it again, we don't dream of great games, we spread 'em !
Scheduling in springtime is tough. Maybe we can make a session out of it. "Robotics Building for Family Facetime".
"if you experienced any condition that detracted from the theatrical presentation of this film, please call 1800phoneTHX." The # still works
I miss you whore!!
secrets are secrets until they are told ;)
Lol I agree, I hate this garbage. I havent used Facebook in forever and I give you credit for inspiring me, haha.
Aye baby you look like you could use a stiff one. ;)
Happy to have visit this morning at Rogers St. Academy. Hope you enjoyed your time with us!
must have ignored my tweets . theres no way hes never seen not even one/:
This Stevie Ray Vaughan / Albert King album is killing! Maybe I'm just in the mood for blues today.
No connection is a myth, especially at the local level
Well be sure you visit us next time you're in town! We'd be glad to have you!
How the hell does andy walker get commentator gigs. Hes boring n talks alot of pish!.
OMG i had to tell u this 2 funny xD in the middle of my boring as fuck math class UR MUSIC went off blasting loud in my bagxD
just saw u in miami announcin ur release!
picture picture picture picture
just bought & watched your new concert. LOVED it!!!! Thanks for entertaining us!!!!
Thank you so much! Yeah you definitely kick butt!:-)
Go Noles! RT Just added & to our list of #FSU Twitter users!
Alarm: Pokemon Theme Song. 1st time: Epic. 2nd time (1st snooze): mini-heart attack. 3rd time (2nd snooze): Full blown heart attack.
Getting married in a few hours! This is crazy! After today my life will go back to normal and I will have a wonderful wife and not just a GF
Love this! Congrats!“: The first day of many hearing "Mrs. Robin, I mean Mrs. Addington, wait, are we supposed to call you that?
What kind of phone is it?
yeah I wanna do someting like that, I wanna go to korea!!!!
that's my shortstop!
Pea misses you and Chrissie. Let me know when you're on this side of the country.
when is the video for chasing the sun going to come out? follow
What I don't understand about recent debate on birth control coverage is why so many men care about something that effects them so little.
You all know what to do
Glad I made it to tonight and got a good workout in. Working late tomorrow. 4 shows at !
Apparently, an old e-mail has been sending out spam. Changed the password. Hope it didn't inconvenience anyone
See you tomorrow at my school!!
you did a great job of clearing the field. Well done! Love you tons.
What to make of Allen Craig's last 350 MLB ABs dating back to '11? For real?
I love you too<3
Looking for a part-time, experienced small engine repair person, flexible hours.
Pineapple helps keep your bones strong
Well that means its time to trade Aldridge. He should fetch them a lump sum.
One of the realest nigga I kno frm the hood
Tiger stole a lot of thunder from CBS today. Two weeks from now they may get it back. I hope so. Go Kansas!
it's so ugly outside :(
I the couples at school that make out obnoxiously . Get a fucking room
I can't take this long distance relationship anymore.. Fridge, you're coming to my room.
hell yea how he walks out everytime "where u going?, take a seat!"
There playing M83 at Duke lacrosse camp in love
The discovery of a new dish does more for human happiness than the discovery of a new star. Brillat-Savarin, Anthelme
..and [women] who choose.“If you try to make that distinction, you will get nowhere when focusing on demand.” Therefore, because it is too..
Gotta show on Monday night @ the pearl. !! Austin tx what up!
Yeah its January 4th and its after christmas but I still listen to UNDER THE MISTLETOE... so? :)
i forgot to mention that the best part of The Raven was an appearance by Mr. Bates.
Not sure how I feel about my impulse bang trim!! Gahhh
last q: how painful is it? :) thanks for all of the info!
MSU's David Gift on building GIS infrastructure collaboratively.
So tonight ive learned, such with ur original plan. Im learning that ppl ain't worth a flip!
A5.Brand means a point of view that only that blog has. Selling more stuff on the blog doesn't make it a Brand.
AW YEAH IM NUMBER 4 IN THE STORE FOR GETTING CREDIT APPS!!!!!
I knew you'd love it. Thanks for the props. waiting to hear on a nice tv gig..an actor waits...
eat fatty! Ha
baby girl come stereo in zayns arms <3333
Ready to rock this day. Headed to GB for a few meetings then wangs and beer with the crew.
Audition at Model Club for Hasbro today!
Returning from my unplanned Twitter sabbatical
hahaha good! >:D
Nicola Benedetti at the Heinz Hall!
Really cool to see the variety of #caps #bandwagon fans in my twitter feed. Except for -- he's the worst. #toosoon?
Gtfo with your boob job all over my newsfeed. Nobody cares
is mule the new slang for butt? Remember, I am an old man and not hip to what the kids say
Being in love is not about being perfect... its about being perfect for each other.
please follow me? :)
and again I almost ran today. I'm being tested, clearly. I would swim again now if the pool was open.
Had an amazing year at camp shiloh 20112 its hard getting back to society
Awesome weather today. What to.....bike ride or golf? Have to enjoy it when its here.
The NFL Network is the best NFL channel on TV! Can I get a re-tweet Rich!
and yours truly at on feb 10th. #epicness will ensue...
Thanks for the follow.. now following back.. thanks you as well..
aww damn i forgot to tell happy birthday last week. my bad love, happy belated birthday :)
I'm heading to in Austin. Any short docs we can use to prototype UX? Like a galley? :)
at my sister house and about to eat some sushi :'P ,
Alaska? Is it nice this time of year?
Maybe... but with show as white as Smash, I think the presence of POC was given at least a little thought...
I LOVE U at one time ago meant "U" an "ONLY U" now I LOVE U means I-isha Love-isha and You-Isha.....
Who's ready for another HOMETOWN show!!???
In my mind I draw a line between music and not-music, but it is my goal to hear all sound as music
Hey BISS Street Team!! Check the group for this week's free for alls! Need requests by noon!!
i. wish. soon!
definitely just copied my last tweet. Oh well, he's hot.
im just not gonna tel my mom the major set back with me graduating... ill save myself the death sentence
Play is hand-to-hand encounter with Fate. - Anatole France
Congratulations Class of 2014! We hope you enjoy the events around NYC today.
Bitchiee makes fun of my white girl music but she singing along
The moment when people move around while the bus is still on Lakeshore.
New #gym program tomorrow! yay!
when do I get to hear your theme song again? The series against the Giants?
Pretty certain the female anchor on Good Day L.A is drunk. Don't know how people drink coffee to this
Oof. Glad you're back on top. No rest for the weary....
according to the blogs you're doing a lot of that "no sleep" again.
I just spend all day thinking about ads and typography. It is kind of nice.
Someone should organize a Tugg screening in Austin for World on a Wire. It's promising that there are older titles being made available.
Just spent 10mins chasing a fox with my parents. Seriously.
I'm learning to be free
Man so many competition opportunities not enough time!!
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them- John Kennedy
I have seen so many of you niggas girlfriends around my way its a shame
Enjoy! :) RT thanks for the free download :)
When i get My Car Im Not Gone Be In the House at All $$$$$
Hanging with #theexpressions tonight!
another good option. Agreed.
Excited to get to to see take on Good luck #JeremyHall and
I need to find a good pub in Decatur for the World Cup. Maybe if I watch it more with fans, it will make more sense.
ARCNM does! RT How many chapters reach out to local schools to start Red Cross clubs?
hahaha love it!!!
People fear what they dont know..
