Yeah that was a subtweet too
Here you go lol RT : All females claim to be angels, but most of yall are not heaven sent
You go, you hedonist, you.
Hello All, I am back from Maternity Leave Monday and have lots of things going on! Email me at
I see your coffee mug obsession continues :)
what the junk, I don't even make it to season 4?!?! This sucks, I blame Claire and her stupid baby.
darn, ok. Well gets back to practicing !
Follow Great show also appearing in the NYMF with book, music and lyrics by the talented David Nugent!
hit the gym trunk
I'm not sure Mitt Romney has a concept of morality at all.
Thaank u sweetie! >RT : I love it!! It's an adorable FB page
i'm feelin a run
Good things happen to Good People Chris and you are great People.Steelers need Cb's.Have you spoken?
this shall be my last tweet.
I probably could. But she's named after a children's character named "Flat Stanley."
Guess La Dispute will have to be my morning orange juice. Now listening to Damaged Good by La Dispute. Get into it.
hey Yvonne. great to see you one Twitter. Have a fabulous day.
Facebook app requests from friends are F!@@# annoying, especially because I know its an automated system.
RT : thanks ! | you're welcome!
I play in the Majors for the Rays!
Meals available today to the elderly and disabled for Thanksgiving! A personal cook brings a personal touch. Visit me at michaelchase.ws
Ridin with Brian wolf was a blast!! Good training .. Doin it again tomorrow
Where did the 4 day weekend go ?!!??!?!?
LOL they ALL know ! you would not believe # of strangers who comment on "my corner jungle" as I'm on a major commuter route
Shopping makes me feel a WHOLE lot better !
Looking forward to shoot tomorrow w/ actor, David Pressman
Cracker, Blueberry, Banana, marshmallow and, as of last night Ketchup...
Great to meet your as well. Would love to get up to a game in Duluth sometime. Best of luck to the rest of the season.
Cam Newton is the truth
We have so Many Christian Music Concert Coming up at the Brumder Mansion Jessa Anderson is June 10 Red Star Express is June 3
#FollowMeAlexConstancio PLEASE ITS MY BIRTHDAY NEXT THURSDAY & THAT WOULD BE THE BEST EARLY BDAY PRESENT EVER!!!! (:
Want to enjoy four levels of Herradura tequila, learn from a Herradura expert and eat tasty food. Then we will see you tomorrow!
Let's do this shindig!
I have you scheduled to be the featured dotd on 5/19/12, for the "Saturday, the Fringes" experimental music series.
New trend among indulgent parents: chewing food for their young kids. Seriously.
"It's pronounced thermometer."
is it crossing a line to try to go see with my students since i have no adult friends to go with?
Everything does makes me melt
I've photographed a few wild animals. But most were two legged guitar players
that breeze feels nice coming through the windows today.
My last six weeks with braces....HELL YEA!
Lick Donkey Ass Lol.!
That might be open to interpretation, what is the line between temptation, and what you naturally want?
Birddog Miller wisdom: "If money makes the world go round, then we've got that son of a bitch spinning!" (I sure miss you buddy.)
Dude, I love Dr. Pepper like you! Dr. Pepper Rocks! Skillet Rocks.. YOU ROCK! :D Rt me please!
At a Big Time Rush concert. :)
#HIV advocates work towards prevention/education/outreach bc we simply can't give up come join the fight
Merry Christmas!
Gotta take the childrens to the library today
be prepared
If a review has the words minimalist/minimalism in it, I'm out.
I miss my Juliett! I had so much fun with her this past sat. 😞 lol
better not sleep on them Saturday.
Honestly, it wasn't a favorite. It was disappointing: heavy, odd flavor - maybe undercooked? Followed directions, so not sure. :(
Obviously, no one is monitoring the feed. Wonder when/if I'll hear back from them.
Smile! This week's #phillyhunt #prize is a digital #camera! RT means more followers, better prizes!
I have coffee grounds in my shoe. Damnit, !
Re: releases I keep hearing that links to releases are the new trend. How would you distribute a CD or flashdrive?
Tonight's Special: The "It's Always Sunny In Philly" Dog topped w/ melted swiss, grilled onions & peppers and creamy horseradish. A -Yooo!!
I'm looking for a LeBron James type of relationship. No ring and I can disappear whenever you really need me.
The lord always knw how to make my day... Lord is always good
My husband better get a heavy cash flow.
Great tip from #SCUP session on hiring architect: write RFP to get architects out of "marketing mode" & into "architect mode" w/ specific Qs
Make a lot of noise at 10am! LOL :)
I like Charlie and the physical trainer
Gotye also accused the Glee version of being bland, which is just beyond.
Hello, Canada. Whatcha got other than Horton's?
Anyone out there know where we can get solid numbers on the online art market?
that's rough! Lmao.. Frischs breakfast bar?
WE STOKED
I confess I am a Marky Mark fan. AND his funky bunch!
Use tools like #hootsuite to schedule your tweets. Craft tweets in advance.
Recording video of this military plane flying over my house with a light on going in circles. This is quite terrifying to say the least
Baron Davis can still ball.
RT Good Morning Lovies!!!! GM sister :*
Fish tacos & Cervezas! God I love San Diego, America's finest city. Arguably the finest in the world!!!
If OKC wins this game, where does everyone go to celebrate? Applebee's?
they took them !
I just washed my car for this very reason a couple of days ago. Little maple seedlings were rooted under the windshield wipers.
couldn't of said it better. He knew what he was getting into when he accepted the trade to milwaukee.
TONIGHT: America's #1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC-8pm. Artists perform FREE. Must bring @ least 1 paying guest.
But you won't be here yet!
You're welcome!
I can't argue with that.
I seriously thing I'm going to be sick.
I can't wait for prom and kings island!
Voiceover Lady is in da house! :-)
Yes it is but everyone is sleeping RT History is made at night
I hope you chew all the gum. ALL THE GUM.
We want to see Adam tomorrow! Singing along and getting down in the pit!
Tough choices lie ahead. RT Should we sacrifice wildlife for solar power? smrt.io/wYIWxb
Always getting logged out? Tip: You can extend your session time under the tools menu> my profile> display options
You know what sucks? How all the good guys are always taken.
We're doing that too!
Rehearsal quote: Great adjustment on your relationship to the meat.
cant wait to u see you there<3 5 days:) so excited!
Thank you Kyra:) You're very kind...
Her water never broke they just busted the bag. Aaaaahhhhhhh!
When comes into my Class & Ask's to be his girlfriend in front of everybody :') <3
I tried to tell yall Lauren Hill was coming back!!! In ur face wack as industry lol!
The only thing preventing me from smashing my alarm clock this morning is the fact that its my cellphone.
Received the classiest ILL package ever from Brown paper! Simple white label! Elegant font! I almost hate to open it. :)
bar hopping with Jesus, come with?
way she talks...
Such A long Day!!!
oops #FF is who to follow if you love all things lavender! We love lavender and use it in almost all of our products.
Gorgeous weather. Loving the outdoors <3
just in time! My prom is coming up soon(:
Tvs not working its the only good thing!
Made some great connections with the Montgomery Co Humane Society today. They have so many loving dogs that need homes.
Protesters given citation for criminal trespassing.
Downloading the great presentations from
By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.
thanks for following!
fighting with some guy from school bout bieber.
Since I cant' attend, i'll be living for the tweets! RT : Can't believe #NGGS11 is this week. Going to be epic!
story of my life.
Just announced Texas In July at Skully's Music Diner on Sunday, August 7th! Details at www.facebook.com/collaterallive
oh yeah, because there isn't anything else to learn from our various indigenous cultures or the fusion of them in a globalcontext
“: just curious what in the world is a cocunut bath?” coconut oil in your bath
Twitter Is Not Easier Than Blogging | Six Pixels of Separation - Marketing and Communications Blog - By Mitch Joel at Twist Image...
At listening to #jazz!
cool! i'll ping Josh & see what works for you guys! <3
even if I Talked to my county housing worker and know its set up for inspection sometime after Tuesday the 12th???
I used to sneak books all the time - my siblings and I LOVED Reading Rainbow!
RT RT : Romney campaign aide trying to block reporters from rope line now. Reporters refuse to leave.
Trying to keep my energy up today
MVP MVP MVP!!!!!!!Great win for the Reds last night!
And on the 7th day man submitted...
#whatif advances in origami included the "realistic,"like live birds and vehicles.Good for the environment & tax credit for the best folding
Does anyone know what channel is sposed to be on tonight? Cuz isnt he in new york? Haha idkkkkk
So true!
#sandvb no better start!RT : Let's start the day nice and early with some sand volleyball
Fixing Education: S Korea: Where are the Smartboards and the laptops so prevalent in American schools? No tech?
tweeting and working out?
#lessexcitingbandnames Florence and the Do It Yourself
Good morning everyone. Off to the salon. :)
I think I would die if or ever tweeted me <3
seems like its hard to make a decision when in that spot. Espn is giving same answers as paterno gave
Things are great, when are you gonna make your way to NY?
watched Wizard of Oz with the little ones tonight. first time they saw it. hilarious. they kept referencing the Phineas and Ferb version.
here we go again. No love for music.
That awesome moment when I can translate my foreign followers Spanish tweets!
RT MRI confirms Batum w/ left knee bone contusion. Out for Wed. v Char. Listed DTD and will be re-evaluated later this week
Original Acrylic Paintings For Salewmv - paintings for sale
Hydrangeas are her kryptonite, quick, give her more!
“: preciate the #follow #NFB”. Thank u too. Have a good weekend.
Babysiting a live truck at #opdx today.
"i took the stars from my eyes, then i made a map.. i knew that somehow, i could find my way back."
Secretly I think Bella loves it when I'm sick. She gets to spend the day in bed with me. :-p
Yep they are killing k.u.
11th commandment or Ronald, guess what, is bigger than THOU SHALT NOT LIE, apparently.
In the Winnipeg news cafe journalists host events with the public rather than report about it for the public. So cool!
Less than 12 hours until the #Cardinals begin there quest for back-2-back WS.
would you like to purchase Office 2010 All-in-One For Dummies for 19.99 ?
are you trying to be a chef or something?
hey guys i rly need followers plz help me out!!! <3 thanks and check out my makeup videos on youtube.com/makeupgal16
Even in VA have to see the Steelers, at BW3 with to cheer our boys to a victory!
Thanks for the retweet!
Okay GOOD :D My phone's screwed up but I have an appointment with Apple at 4! Soo hopefully they can fix it and then i'll text you!
nope its To hot out there i might pass out lol
Overeating is an eating disorder.
Lol. You think I'm kidding. I'd do ANYTHING to meet one direction.
Going down to for #coffeeandcode in #phoenix today starts at noon.
your skin is flawless!!
In Chicago. Meetings start tomorrow. Right now the hard part: pick the first fabulous meal.
That feeling >>>>
also, thanks for the informative tweet re the referee situation. Appreciate it.
Let's go crush 'em today.....
you didnt un-follow mee :) but u do need to start following me on instagram mmmkay? ;)
Good luck and today in NSH 13.1 half. Proud of you both!
OMGOMGOMGOMG WHERED YOU FIND THAT?! :O I wonder how she got him to do that!/: I saw another one too
Yes I do! What show are you coming to?
GUESS WHAT?! : O
If you have to advertise that you are a princess across your butt, odds are you that are probably not.
wow! Avengers was awesome, so happy they fixed the Hulk
do ya lol ....what do you know
Ik u thought i was gon come back around like i use tew nope not dis time im duin sumthin new
they are
You chasin  you should be chasin ,'s cut your  off and  em to your momma.
#agirljustwants to be the center of his world....
S/O to my new follower #NFB :)
Rondo ejected b/c ref is terrible... kidding me
It's that old soul thing again. I am very wise.
"I miss you terribly"
He tells me he can make a lot of money off me hahahah
Sitting by the two of you makes this meeting fun.
That's what I'm thinking.
Atleast She Aint Go Out Like No Weak Bitch
: Random ear infection temp pain remedy that may only work on me: Pull earlobe down (& away a bit)
If I was from Paris, I would say ooh la la, la la la la la. . .
Wow! Definately didn't expect a game like this... interesting one <3 love it :D Real Madrid - Bayern M.
Gonna miss those sausage race pun recaps RT The follower bleed begins, I lost 4 last night while transitioning from WI to KY.
Leave it up to me to go to the swanky Ganesvoort Rooftop last night and try and order a beer. Beer was not an option.
Heading to visit friends & colleagues at Pioneer Farm to learn of new projects & opportunity
Pepsi Snacks Its Way To $69 As Beverages Fizzle - Forbes
there's always people who want control. There are some very um well let's say interesting people out there.
#feat.surging streams in my dreams
I suck at iceskating, and I thou it was dumb easy. Team brueses !
If you upgraded your storage within an hour of Google Drive's launch, you got MUCH lower prices. I got $5 per YEAR for 20 GB.
For my Twitter friends that follow me on fb, I deactivated it because I got pissed (censorship). I'm sure I'll get back on in a day or 2.
Professional 57 inch Tripod for Nikon Coolpix S3000, S3100 with Flexible Monopod and Touch screen gloves for Phones, Cameras and more http:/
RT : "People will hire you & then tell you not to do what you were doing when they heard you." Art Blakey
Don't be late on ur first day
Suck it Red Wings! Sharks win!
"A word after a word after a word is power." via
If you have netflix and a webcam, you should have a movie night with me later. 🎅
the crisis continues when guilders treat fellow guilders with impunity
K so sitting here with Katie, bored, nobody loves us.
RT : Shorty got potential I got your Shorty rite here
hurry up stupid bands i wanna see the all american rejects already
yeah im str8. How R U?
Watching documentaries with my uncle and grandmother on the history of theater and how beer saved the world (separately). Good times. :-)
Start by following some big names, and some people that tweet topics you like.
Downtown wheeling is smelling extra fruity today🍎🍊🍉🍓
G. M. Trevelyan~ Education... has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.
Are you studying alot tonight?
hard to believe as gorgeous as you are ;} lol
loving my design for the 2011 wedding planner and guide ad. Can't wait for everyone to see it!
Big Ups to my JMU Dukes for putting all their heart into the CAA Tourney. Almost pulled it out against the Tribe.
I feel guilty for gay tweeting today... Somehow it feels justified... does Obama support gay tweeting?
I give up. is never going to follow me... :(
Thank you for a wonderful time!
great news!
I'm gonna get a tattoo™™
it's not molesting from this side. It's #eyecandy!!
Wonderful Holiday Party Today at the Haitian Neighborhood Center, Sant La.
I wonder what I'd be doing with my life if I didnt know about the boys,
This is amazing!!!!!!!! Check your DM!! We love you!!!
Today's the day for the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu orientation!! 3:30pm-6pm 770 N Milwaukee St (upstairs). See you in a few hours!
OMG i'm on Tweet Limit AGAIN wtfudgeeeeee :)ILYShawty<3
When you're having a nice conversation with someone and then they don't answer and you're just sitting there like -____-
Made myself some shell noodles :3
RT : RT How u have the wrong number and u get mad at that person kill urself// Wait!! Did you retweet yourself cuzzo?!
We enjoyed having you and Ryan! RT : Sad that my 1st trip to Boston is coming 2 an end! We'll be back !
hahaha that seems like fun! what u planning to do?
Because of cover charge let's meet up instead at Kora in Crystal City! Right near the Metro (2250 Crystal Dr)!
God is using 's talents to uplift us all. Keep up the tweets they are so inspirational.
Earthquake! :o)
Hell no, never that How you been? i'm just getting ready to move up to Austin that's about it
...youngest and who cares.... agree.... all about the W's at the end of the season... Great McGinn article on roster BTW
Good stuff is on the way....
thank u :D
Hm did I misspell it or is that what I ment RT : My what? RT : Not from your point of you.
give me respect and loyalty and ill give you the best sex ever ;)
nice catch son! I haven't caught shit yet!
re: being removed from a friend's contact list...if U are the remover or new phone friend. Let the 1 texting u know u lost ur phone
OMG! ur on twitter:)
Only if I meth it up.
Infuriating emails from my insurance agent just put me over my quota for dealing with indifferent incompetence today
It's not until later on some girls will find their prince. Kiss a couple of frogs, to find your prince(:
In Rules for the Direction of the Mind, Descartes proposed rules for the pursuit of truth.~Don
Keep my aunt in your prayers, she lost her baby that was in her tummy. She's very heartbroken right now.. Thank you.
looking old as fuck, does he have a wedgie?
I used to relate to people a lot more.. Not quite sure when the change hit..
thanks Laurie! I could use some JOOS today. What's on dock for Spring JOOS?
DATS WATS UP NICKI KEEP DOING YA THING I AM A WITNESS TO U BEING ON YA FIRST COME UP DVD I BEEN A FAN SINCE THEN N WATCH U RIZE
Does #China love Starberry? www.USSportspages.com
No matter what
There is something comforting about using natural products. I know I am not rubbing toxins and chemicals in my skin. beautysnatural.com
"Multiculturalism" is pointing out aspects of people's culture in order to start fights between them about those differences.
Happy Birthday Austie! <3 I remember the day you were born like yesterday. <3
Wow! 's called us "astute and articulate" in our appearance on tonight's Kitchen Nightmares. He must have us confused.
its too many females on twitter for u to be talkin bout niggas
Bloody Mary & a Spotted Cow
Nicki minaj kind of scares me.
“: I don't have a face Jesse” I'd pee on your house
"If you want to be known for something amazing you have to do something amazing"- Cyndee Woolley
Success in the end erases all the mistakes along the way. - Chinese Proverb
really enjoying your book! Thank you for producing such thought provoking content.
lol funny stuff. :-)
whenever I sign w/ kids @ work I think about how I need to take classes. This girl found out I knew some and hasn't left my hip 
I enjoyed some kenpo x tonight! I've been to 12 shows, seeing 4 more this summer :)
I've never heard of them, but their wiki page sounds interesting.. so yes!
Sitting in the panel Women in Media. These are some wise Latinas.
Hope everyone has a wonderful weekend! Take advantage of the nice weather 2day and 2morrow bc on Sunday a cold front is heading our way.
Eveyone is freaking out over JB's performance. So many ovaries exploded tonight I'm guessing..
call me when u go to joes me n erin will be in lv ya dig
drive all over town with 10 bucks!!! Man those were the days!!!
I want One Direction to come the Oklahoma. If they did I would go streaking with Harry, no joke.
BL Margs I assume? RT : I will be buying lemons, limes and oranges tonight. Tomorrow is 5 de May. Margaritas shall be had.
a little confused with the little "fun facts" the announcer says when anyone wins an
it was fun! Sofia Vergara is so beautiful. Can't deal...
#FollowFriday #FF Everyone welcome to the Twitterverse! Great coffee and food from New Mexico! :)
Got RxBandits - Mandala this morning. So sick. Will be on get file later for those interested in it.
fun thing to do when listening to NPR: write down every 7th word & form a random sentence that makes more sense than what they actually said
Ready to hang out with my girls at the Spurs game tonight!
« I have a feeling ima be a way different person next year .»
I wish......best spot for wings is right across the street at Sweetwater.
Thanks for the follow now I dont have to choke you as your eating me!!!
Yes it's really me! And thank you.
I went with the Mac version as well. So nice to have it as a launch option!
nahh I'm putting it down for the night before I totally overload my brain haha, I'm starting back up bright in the am :)
great work on the piece - loved learning about his plans for - have a great weekend honey
Don't miss the Good Friday Sale at our Thrift Stores, 50% off at all the stores in SD! I will be showing off some style @ Point Loma store!
haha my birthday went okay but my sister ruined it for me she made my dad mad so he didnt talk to me AT ALL during my b-day diner
"no shots til the sun goes down"...what kind of wack rule is that??
Hollywood is a sewer with service from the Ritz Carlton.
Amazing! I teach 6th graders, so I try to scaffold them through the research process. Many have never cited sources before.
People on avg end up overeating by 250+ calories/day when they start a cardio program and end up gaining weight -- Int'l Journal of Obesity
Seeing Paper G ads, woot!
real shit that was a solid little nigga
just being honest
Chillin with Audra today : ) might go see a movie and thinking about going on a road trip
#73-Trent Cole-DE-Philadelphia Eagles
I love genuine, nice, cool ppl.
Dear dirty old man, please don't leave me 2% tip and then ask for my facebook info.
If you take the trouble to go and lobby, they will listen to you and courteous and nice. Go lobby!
jesus need us like he needs a hole in his hand! Hahaha ba-da-dom!!
Only 273 days left to make fun of Sen. #OlympiaSnowe before she retires.
- so sick of love songs, so tired of tears so tired of wishing you were still here . :-(
Putting together our June issue: "High Crimes and Misdemeanors." Who are your favorite American criminals?
I don't know what else to say or do to make you realize that you mean the world to me.
New chapter starts today.
word!!!!! Send it to me I wanna hear it!!!
Majority of the people at IMDB liked Paradigms more. I LOL'ed at this more cause of the plot. Paradigms was hell good though
A nice day for one crazy ass night
Maybe the Mavs (ahem, Chandler) can rebound!
Wait, so we have black people on our team and you're laying out by the pool in a confederate flag bathing suit in front of them?
Having an early morning dance party in my car just isn't the same without
I ❤ #Smash so much!! Can't wait! What'd you think?
Thanks, Sadhbh!!! This could be a game changer.
@ maciel_96 oh ok
start it yo
Thanks, man! We'll try not to get existenially lost in translation or join a J-Pop group.
And I bet the test was totally worth the fee they made you pay for the privilege of taking it.
Just caught Thunderbolt and Lightfoot on HBO.. would love to see a Quentin Tarantino remake!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
One of the best things about #Faffcon 2 (and #Faffcon in general) is that egos are parked at the door.
awake. but dead. Finished my last paper of grad school. I'm done. Guaraná time.
Picking something up at Wildwood Park. It's so nice I don't want to leave!
Thanks for the RT!
How are you doing ? Mom & Dad said you were very polite today when they saw you. All thanks to your Mom, Dad &
I meant I not u lol. D: No the last novela i watched was "Cuidado con el Angel" xD
happy birthday dooooood!
Spring cleaning has begun...
i miss my old friends . .
So much to do but so tired. Sleep first. Always a good rule.
looks good man, is that turbo-4 or the V6?
Good evening everyone. What's new?
#MyFavoriteGame I agree RDR BOSS OF A GAME
I was talking about mine ;)
k i did thats like private message right
lets hope so :D
Very welcome! RT : Watching 's "The Boss". It's on the brothers. Awesome!! Thx to Guy for the heads up!
Guess I'm bout to find out what all the fuss is about and start on Fifty Shades Of Grey
follow me on instagram: jacklyynn :P
You don't know how much of an impact it can make on someone even if you just smile at them.
could never be a vegetarian purely due to the fact I love chicken too much
are you at the nerdery event?
it was the best gift they ever gave me--an 'upgrade' in name. has done wonders for my business.
Thank you RT “: sorry I missed meeting you in person last night! Fab party:)” Next time.
thanks, Jeff, for the RTs. Very appreciated -- you are awesome!!
Connie, looks like your Twitter profile got hacked.
Arcadia Farms was very inspirational and the Mobile market was the best thing I've seen on the tour!
People say live life to the fullest but alot of people can't #not swag
I just saw the East West Players production of Three Year Swim Club! I loved it!
lolla mud show flashback?
Yelling someone's name in different voices until they hear you.
Seriously: Ohio General Assembly + ?uestLove = Better Ohio General Assembly
Thanks for backing the #Kickstarter publication of the Caldwell viols catalogue!
he looked/smelled like he might have already been on his way to a "discrete" sunday morning pick-me-up
We need some urban cultural prophets raised up. Carl Ellis
was measured and thoughtful. There are elements to ed that need fixing-some criticism of ed based in reality.
EVERYONE ATTIOTION MACI LIKES LICKING FEET!!!!!!!!
Content sharing score at #tocchicago :: Some is free: 6 , Nothing for free: 2.
So good! Not to get your hopes up or anything. Now I need to go listen to it again.
You hate English don't you?
So tired... Funny night
RT : RT : I'm the daughter of an immigrant. I can't ignore immigrant rights.
"Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God.” - Mary Manin Morrissey
I seriously want to live in the movie Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo. The fashions are fucking 80's epicness.
Zombies r coming!
yeah buddy goodluck Manny. Glad your back in milwaukee and ready to dominate.
So rumor has it that there was a EARTHQUAKE in NYC....I was on the subway...so I honestly felt nothing....stop the jokes everyone!!!
I'm ready for the summer
Just got 20 class request!!!
I got my hair cut, now it is no longer like Justin Bieber's ex hair, more like his new one XD
Summerfest announcement new this morning on #wisn12. Alice cooper and iron maiden.
I only roll with niggas that'll carry me to my hoarse!
Kentucky and Louisville starts now!
RT : I've come to realize, given Trump's recent actions and decisions, how proud I am he didn't pick me to win Apprentice.
please follow back Justin!!(:
no look at my icon duhh
Had a dream about card catalogs last night... Actually, it was more of a nightmare...
Glenn Close looks GOOD for her! Wow! Just lose the jacket!
Please forward the following to Bill Gates and his family and anyone else that you think will benefit from it.
Adams put data on in-house website to share between 30 McClatchy papers. Each paper could use the data for their own reporting.
Anyone #StirOSU? RT : Creative & engaged thinkers... could find an affordable solution to curbside recycling in Cbus.
Welcome to The Cowboys! Wear 24 well, theres a lot of picks in the number. It belonged to my old friend Walls, he got 53.
Mike Wallace spoke out about his struggle with depression, suicide attempt to ... - New York Daily News
Coffeenated music time. Gonna try and finish 2 of these tracks tonight. Then 2 Much Fun!
Fresh attacks target symbols of Syrian state power - Charlotte Observer
oh good lord is he gorgeous. Too bad I really dislike his band. :-/
hahaha, yes and i'm still a pro
On the way to MARC!!! See you soon Sorors!!!!
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything. - Blaise Pascal
ONE DIRECTION
exactly exact exactly
#Turnon... Chill laid back guys
And #BBN will be officially welcoming you!
Why didn't come to school today?!
Thanks for buying the book, Duane!
Loved The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. Also Major Pettigrew's Last Stand. Both awesome. What do U like?
in my thoughts!
Ya can't stop me. I gotta do wut I gotta do. Unity peace and love to all of you
should of been there for the #yoloberry moment ha ha
Finalist for #KIISFM Breakout Star for #WangoTango - Come to Universal City Walk this Friday at 7:00 to see me perform!
"But we are two worlds apart"
Will we go to heaven, or will we go to hell?
I'm more & more convinced that society is recreating librarians (information professionals) by other names.
#GOBEAUTYGONATURAL May 19th sacrifice the products that enhance your look and show the natural you! Go Natural, and be beautiful! RETWEET#
nice tits
Pres. Berman says that our innovative ideas at the conference need to continue into our classrooms
let's go to #FatFalfas and celebrate!
You could never please society. So just do you.
howard is nicer than piers morgan imo
Planning the new album. More details to come!
Chompers, creatine, and the gym. Deadliest combo ever
happy one month aniversary and yall love birds!
when I'm done with radiation I'm flying out here to set me up with a butt kicking workout
Bummed I missed #ExpChat. Next #allyquest episodes are filming in Yucatan #allyquest Will be covering the ancient Maya
wait until Billy Crystal takes the stage!
# NLC CCC10 - the only plan is to be as helpful as possible to MG, RB, & MM - nothing like 1st time jitters
Will my hair dry any faster .
Keep it Real young vinchi dope
Black eyed peas in Greenhouse tonight.
S/O TO LEVEL 3..JACKSON MISS ON FIRE.THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE.WE WILL BE BACK.NEXT HEADED TO ATL IN THE MORNING
Studying for calc before noon was not a great wake up call.
Lunchtime concert in Rhapsody Hall: The Five Ensemble (classical chamber music)...and it's FREE!
My child's school AND teacher were in the CRCT report. Our school is on the merger list. Seems like I would be the last....
I wonder if Vinny ever watches the Boyz interviews.
and very cozy sleeping bags. ;)
Guess Netflix will become my BFF this summer! 😊
There is no better man than to be up there speaking right now. He's the Mariano Rivera sent in to close.
Saturday!! *GROOVE w/ TIM GARCIA of High Profile | 7pm | $7 | studio 702 spread the word! RT RT !!
I also have Britdar.
Tattoo appointment tomorrow.. 😁
Lol chill night with da earth bender
hearts change,i know they do.. but this heart will always belong to u..hearts hurt, i know they do... but this heart hurts more without you.
My momma didn't rise no fool :)
Love your username!
yes I have faith. Just need to do more volunteering and networking!
Need some advice from you lawyer types. Is there some legal way I can rob my neighbor, without the hassle and red tape of getting elected?
Are these chicks for real?
& You make me happy, when skies are grey. You'll never know, dear how much i LOVE YOU!
Just thought of something sick as fuck for clothing.
Looking for love in all the wrong places
TRU needs some volunteers for tomorrow's audition event. We need people for the morning shift. Contact me if avail to discuss compensation!
GL, well at least with lots of other people not playing, maybe you'll win!
yeah. I'm exploring all options. There's an EU YouTube channel that I've used. Vimeo I've thought ab. Need sustainable links.
Somebody keeps calling me 
I was nauseous and tingly all over. I was either in love or I had smallpox.
Yes, we'll be there registering people on-site. I know, what a nice surprise it was! :D
so excited to see you have entered the twitter game!
FREE SHIPPING EVERYWHERE IN THE US! AND FREE LOCAL MIAMI DELIVERIES!
Any word on Merritt Paulsons strange tweet? Anything serious? We don't need any Micro-fracture type situations.
Crap. New song for my hypothetical The Voice audition. You'll Never Be the Sun. Emmylou. Need I say more?
I SO TOTALLY AM!!
#SportingKC game tonight in the Cauldron-"I believe that we can win" featuring headless bobbleheads for player safety reasons.
Do you have a 'limited' insurance policy? If you do, it can mean big trouble when you need it most! Call us to learn more! 505-345-8757
A global genocide: blacks, Jews, Christian, poor, weak? America stopped Nazi; bad precedent being set by black leaders; can be used on them!
... lol smfh. Heat fans these days.
#MomentWhen you Just wan to strangle somebody so they could STFU !
Wow, these berries are fabulous. The most nutrition I've had yet at
RT : big thanks to for discussing my presentation and helping to tailor some of the content
Help for Haiti Auction Item 4: Tickets to Spoon at the HOB, $100 gift card to the Landsdown Pub, and 1 night’s stay at the Ames Hotel.
“ Weather Alert: NWS has issued a tornado watch for DC until 11PM. Tornado WARNINGS issued already to the S & W of DC. Be alert!”
I was unaware that it is currently frappucino #happyhour just throwin it out there
watchingg the day after tomorrow:)
Looking for youth leaders 5-25? Get involved in the new program Youth United! for more info
nah son I thought i was clavo and british?:o
How do you make your home appeal to the most buyers possible? Let me count the ways. Call me because I still make house calls.
Foreal bro? RT : real shit bro minds well im done at SRU
Just took my baby to the hospital for surgery. Get well soon baby :-(
Wow ... Georgina Sparks is Gossip Girl! I stopped watching ages ago but excited to hear the news
sounds good, let's shoot for first week of feb
Crashing the Party at ! Looking forward to some laughs. It's strange to see a very traditional home set on this stage!
did you block me? :( For the record, I haven't said anything bad about you once. In fact, i'm fucking in love with your band!
Thanks for the retweet!!
do u like Skrillex ? (:
Thanks for the support, dude! I was an on and off smoker for 4 yrs, and have been pretty much all on for the last 2.
did u get any of those texts?
I am failing to see the humor in this . . .
Word up! Come through. It's crazy!
Reason #4 to be there on June 16 for our 4th annual benefit art auction and party: ask someone who's been to one before.
RT HOT HEADLINE: Client Responds to Agency's Announcement of Being Closed Between Christmas and New Year's With "Like Hell You Are."
I feel the same way!!! How is your new job treating you?
"U got a dream, u gotta protect it. Ppl cant do something themselves they wanna tell u, u cant do it.You want something,go get it,period!"
haha, love it! Or at the very least, down with 3D post conversion...
You're pretty gorgeous.
def heatin it up dj ant on KISS 98.5 right now kid text me @ 98500
Watching my cousins baby while she's in the hospital get better soon faith amaree misses you
I don't have time for your stale smoke-smelling self.
Happy Just Another Day everyone :D
Hahaha the hell is your name
Lol i just had to xD
Great game so far... #GoCougs!
Dear ex best friend's little sister, no, I don't want to talk to you. Thanks again, East campus.
Need somewhere to watch the game tonight? Head on over to the at 8!
Thank you all for the follow!
Jeremy Lin looks fresh with the skinny tie, jacket, and thick rims.
MY BACK ITCH AND I AIN'T GOT NO NAILS...somebody come scratch my back please .....
Well it's official... & I are soon to be college roommates!
people throw rocks at things that shine.
I did the same thing today but with Conan.
Same. I could have bought it with my dad's card, but I didn't want to make him mad even though I'd pay him back.
Me too, THANK YOU for writing that (my eyes got a little misty by the way)! Just RT it :) Thanks for keeping it real!
That's OK. Keeping the ball out of Rodgers' hands.
I'm so taking my top off this weekend.
Thanks for the FF! What a great group! We love our partnerships
Holy shit the Cheetah Girls is on on demand
Thank you very much for the mention!
9 am on a Friday morning reading about quantum physics and parapsychology... I am not normal.
Crazy Town's hit Butterfly was a huge One Hit Wonder in The U.S. in 2001. Its #NowPlaying on Back in the Day Cafe
I didn't capitalize "Target" in a Facebook status, so my phone swore at me, and now the Feds have surrounded my house. Target is gangster.
Hi ariana, how are you today? happy early easter! <3
I hate being sick can someone kick me please
You claim you're a bad bitch. But you have no car, you have no house and you have no job. You're not a bad bitch, you doing bad bitch."
Same here!
: Make the son of a Bircher Koch Brothers
I think I've half convinced my mom to go with me to the next convention. :D
I'd much, much rather deal w/ Ticketmaster if I'm going to get screwed wholesale on fees. They at least can handle high-demand events.
Haha! I didn't say I was buying a jersey and changing my name to Jerry Rice. I've been a Moss fan for quite some time
no not last night, I was working on a scene & some sides
Can't wait to see that!!
the 10 oclock show is completely different than the 6 tip ur waitress
ST Pauly Girl appearance 9pm tonite - DJ Chris Roxx all night long at The Place
Allergy Suffers: Moderate to High levels of tree pollen measured in the #NYC metro area. Take your meds!
LOL no thanks ;)
haha love it!
justin bieber is in the money team lol
Preemptive strike! I like her style.
30 minutes or less with and
Driven by thoughts...no money required! Please join our think tank.
Save water,Drink beer:p
If furniture stores didn't have "going out of business sales," there would be no furniture business! -T
we are following back, hope you have a great night!
The Heat are such drama queens!
Playing the Blues on a bright and sunny day at Universal Studios Orlando
Gee, that was fast. Now there's a sign up at ex-Sil's saying The Drive-Thru is coming in June. Serving... mini doughnuts. And sloppy Joes.
I hope there are cats <3
thank you for the card - Happy Holidays!
severe weather tonite? Hope not till later .
''Don't insult facebook. I'm from facebook''. Jesus..
Let's plan a run sometime! I know, I've never been to SD so it'll be a blast. How long ago did you run it?
Formula for success = show racy screenshots, drive pageviews, organize field trips
hey jim, i'm stuck the same way in denver airport...truly a pain!
I love the sound of the rain coming down...
still finding sand everywhere on you
#TheAwkwardMoment When Your Talking To Someone And They Accidently Spit On You..! LMFAO
Where are the mustangs on Mustang Island?
: He's too adorable!! Can I borrow him for a few days? O:-)
Waiting to see if Women in Film approves my application.
So everybody watching the game I see
I ain't mad at you.
Just got an email that my shipped!!! Yayyyyyyyyyy!
Wrapping up a wonderful visit to #mvpschool for their #SAIS accreditation. Very much enjoyed meeting folks in this wonderful community.
I hear that Pooch Hall is leaving!
Guy on the bus: "how many cops does it take 2 push a guy down the stairs?" me: "idk,1." guy on bus: "nope, none he fell" RT if u get it
I love the show, my favorite is when you go to the old Jails. scares the hell out of me.How about a follow or RT
Not that I have any amount of dislike for or anything, but he's breaking man code and needs to be called out for it
if you want RIBS, you Got it!
Trash city bitch
Ok Everybody , I Got To Leave It Takes Forever To Get A Weave .
WI, remember to #vote today!
Been following U. Loved that clip.Wuz a hoot! Eagles no luck yesterday. Can't do 2morrow. I'm off 2 JEN in New Orleans.
I can't think of any better way to start off my day
Man there sure are a lot more panhandlers in Indy this year than I ever remember...
: Glad to have you back on the show!
thanks for following!
thats so funny :D
We wanna see Lola's jelly bean portrait when it's done!!
From the 1st episode, my suspicion was that Ellis was not being presented as "black" but as "mixed race..."
-Love is one thing,I want the one nd only to tell my from the BOTTOM of his heart nd the TOP of his mind
I have absolutely no clue what you're talking about nor who designated you a Negro spokesperson.
Waking up nest to him is the best. <3
Note to self: when you have a day off, run errands earlier in the day.
no problem! Glad to hear you dig our stuff. Play it loud!!
Thank you for the RT JC. Blessings...
Tarp is off, going to try to finish game. Hokies lead 4-1 and will bat first in the bottom of the 5th. Looking at about a 6:15 start.
Only 7 followers away from #500 !!!!
just finished. I think it went pretty well, but it's always hard for me to judge the usefulness of peer reviews.
Need professional production and lighting for your tour or festival? Contact JSL Productions @ www.JSLPRO.com...huge discounts if new 2 us.
He's just soo pretty ...
Getting stuff ready for tonight
HAHAHAHA RT : Its Candlestick park. Kinda ironic, don't ya think
did someone say gun party?
One too many commas, though.
On this trip to the final four I-10 east right to the heart of the city your fave city, thinking of ya
#SEO #CEO has blocked us! He has 32 followers :( Remember Brafton's 3 D's! #DISCRIMINATE, DON'T #Hire Over 40, & DENIAL!
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee. - Abraham Lincoln
Cook out for the 4 with the family. I love steak
#oracle if a production app server opens tons of connections doing nothing, waiting 2 determine the prob is not gd 4 customer service
*Bieber* I *don't* have the fever
. is an amazingly courageous heroine. for all females. for all people
A5. Walk away.
Heading downtown to meet MTC for catching up drinks.
One hour 'til Gates Open at the BCA! Get here for Happy Hour and Playoff Hockey.
agreed. Work is best way to learn. Should go back to apprenticeships of 100yrs ago.
just wrapped feature film "Amanda" playing the role of Amanda. The very talented Randy Ryan played the other lead, Joe. Amazing experience.
Every fucking red light -.-
Preach RT I still refuse to sing sweet caroline
Why is it so hard for ESPN to stick with one shot for more than 3 seconds?
Thank you so much for all your support ! Its shows like your that help unsigned gospel artist like us.
My nail polish doe >>>
:) it was awesome! I can't wait to share w/you holly's message this morning. She is so amazing :)
I most definitely texted you last week and got nothing :/
call me bro.
I have the chicken pox :(
Can't stop watching #Grimm. What an incredible show :]]
RT Some ‘mistakes’ are too much fun to make only once.// true
Needs to find my happy place and vacation there for about a week :)
That first cup of Joe ...
make two dreams come true but following me nd 13
u not gunna get punched lol
In a wonderful mood. Woke up pretty early, got coffee, now I'm gonan go take a shower and call Jack. Hope today is good. :)
You're awesome! Is there a place to find out when and where these events happen? Hate missing them
agreed. The heroku stuff was interesting, but I wanted more heroku+play
I went dairy free about a month ago. No more Pinkberry for me :( Grab the mayorship if you haven't already.
going shopping with the boss ;) ->KimBeezy<-
HEY THANKS!
- You're such an Amazing Role Model Tracey - Thank you for being an Outstanding Woman!
Damn it Foxtrot. 3 nights in a row.
You fell asleep?! I missed that!
me too... Ppl need to. Start talking ... Im tired of waiting!!!!
I know, right? Its primary entry point used to be SMS!
Thanks Gina! We look forward to growing our community so that you'll have lots of people to eat with real soon :-)
mate, my wife swears that Viva Ronaldo/John Terry/Da Silva tune is "Pop Goes the World." I'm not convinced. Verdict? Cheers.
i feel so proud i can spell Gloucester ='} i got it on the 1st try..watch its misspelt..lol
Symphony Crack Orchestra "The Addiction" on iTunes! cop it!
so glad to hear this in action! (No surprise.) Remember, "if 1 dog is good, 2 are better..." possibly 3. Paws up!
I like this. RT : EO Wilson: A scientist should think like a poet and act like a bookkeeper.
they probably like you. Lol
On Friday Frankie and I were going to the park and my 19 yr old and his girlfriend came along with my 17 and 15 yr old...Mothers Day for me!
In my past life I may have been a bottle of red wine.
5 Hour Energy = 5 hours of energy. Extra Strength 5 Hour Energy = still just 5 hours of energy?
Have you seen the #creepingsharia tweets? Hilarious!
Lemon Pepper and Fries!!!!
Come see us at the Cincinnati Guitar Show tomorrow night!
We almost missed it ourselves! Were told a different time. It should be up on the site later this afternoon.
Wow. Instagram for Android was downloaded more than 1 million times within 24 hours of its release yesterday. Were you one of them?
Like RT what does that mean (I'm so confused
Success Is my idol
Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.
It all starts with defense
Thanks guys for the new follows! check us out on facebook over at facebook.com/DrawOneCard. The full EP is streaming as well!
Antyway, gotta go. Have a nice bike ride!
it's hard to know what you're responding to when you reply via txt
all day, erryday.
Voter 375 at Tenney Park Apartments
Good CHRIST, Chuck Todd is bad reading lines into the camera solo.
Sounds like sinus infection=Dr visit
Tell me that you never brake my pretty little heart
7 days of consistancy develops a routine today is the 6th day of doin my 3 miles a day im so proud of myself im so focused :&#41;
So sad - but true :( RT Prevention and Public Health Fund back on the chopping block to pay for #SGR #Docfix?
GOOD JOB #ROLLRUS,
yeah hes a good actor! Pretty cute too! lol!
I'll give you a foot massage
It amazes me on how this woman still loves me! And I love her.Congratulations on your new job Stephanie Renee Caldwell Aka Mama.
MILEY CYRUS
So true! My fav neighborhood spot #northbeach “: I just love drinks and appetizers at - It just never disappoints!”
you are beautiful you <3
Broadcasting a big boys basketball battle between Pompton Lakes and Hawthorne on MSG VARSITY!!!!!!
Talk w/ SOC who studied in Australia prompted desire to have a larger community conversation about race & ethnicity in study abroad programs
I'm only a month in, and still have a LONG way to go, but I am proud of where I am and wanted to share my story and inspire others :)
Friday #MarchMadness > Thursday.
White people: shhh u cant say the "n" word! Black people: what u say u fucking crackar?
Happy Mothers Day!
Absolutely RT Q1: ROI often depends on the client- their expectations define what metrics to use/what defines success.
just the beginning to great summer with my brother and besty!
One of my quotes from my Real Estate 101 workbook. "Id rather regret the things I have done than the things I have not" Lucille Ball
In NYC & gotta sweet tooth? Try Tribeca Treats - $1 frosting shots OR Cupcakes by melissa-bite size servings! Portion Control is KEY
The only problem with words in paintings, is that people read them.
can i get some goodnight mentions
« #brewers prospect p tyler thornburg has 3 mlb ready pitches...says wut he's working on is not letting runners get free bases
Positive Vibes Only !!
Time to hit the mattress..looking forward to my Friday and getting ready for the weekend. Need to walk the Yorkie...have a great Friday!
that's so pimp. :)
Just purchased and downloading now. Thanks Frank!
Drizzzyyyyyy Ah Makes My Night Great To See Him,
Thanks for the celebrity endorsement! RT Great: a 'dry season' line of rain gear.
happy first mother's day!!
Girl's want a lot of things from ONE guy . & Guys want one thing from A LOT of girls.
kool so ur a Yankees fan
#Badgers pride. Your turn, Jordan Taylor. RT : Big news, sneaker fans: signed with Nike.
Oh my goodness , my phone is being so dumb -__-
Waiting to hear talk about artisanal pencil sharpening in Georgetown
he he he. Wanna pen?
Someone thought it would be funny to put a trip wire across my front door. #aprilfools >>> more like
I have the influence to put you in a totally different mindset when you journey with me through a novel. Follow me and see.
you hacked up a lung last week. Same lung or the other one?
“: follow me back please<33(:” followed
That was hands-down one of the best weekends we’ve had in a while. Thanks to all who came out and supported local music!
Amazing game !! Another "W" for the #Browns!
We wanna know... how was your #HCG weight loss this weekend?!?!?
evidence of summer
I will Bieber-stalk people ¬¬ are you very Kloutfluential?
Geek lunch in ABQ today, right?
"Don't be a dabbler. Go for it"
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing Mothers out there!
Get smart about your tags. If have a video about "school" don't tag school, tg "calculus 2" that is more searched
hell yeah! need a break.
stop being annoying
performing art a fashion show memorial day weekend...want yall to come through..keep you posted!
It really was. RT : How wonderful!
Plane rides are so relaxing so
Union prop proposed to raise the CA millionaire tax to 15.5%. At last -- a practical solution to CA's income inequality. Drive out the rich!
Risky move Instacast 2.0, taking a feature away and putting it behind an IAP. Not sure it will pay off.
Before I go to school anybody want my 8900th Tweet?
what do I do
Any advice for a new band starting over, after there singer left them?
what are you guys doing this weekend?
Next time you're looking for a great brunch, hit us up!
There's a girl at my school named Ariana Gomez omfg
Working on the site a little bit at a time! Please stay tuned for daily updates. :)
good and u :)
hahahaha! I luv it! Good strategy :)
sky is limit and you know have what you want if you just keep pressing on.
so do you call her a wocock or a peaman?
Congrats to all the graduates.
Wow! Thx for the awesome RT!
.. grant that I may not so much be understood as to understand-Prayer of #StFrancis My #coaching clients #enrich work, love & health Follow!
Getting my hair done toma.
“: thanks for each day jonas brothers get me a smile ”
Don't even suggest such a thing! I'll be sittin' there watchin' with some popcorn :)
JJ Barea dating ms. universe now, no wonder he tore up the clippers tonite
We rollin', we ridin' He like to go inside and I love to go all night and We rock the boat, Poseidon I love to call your name
Both Playboy and al Qaeda plans come in discreet packaging and apparently were delivered to the same place.
All these haters, see you later.
storms are my fav 😃☔⚡
Good Afternoon from Dubai, UAE. I've done a 360° around the world in 27 days!
RIP Lorenzen Wright former NBA first round draft pick our prayers go out to his family..
Cool as long as there are no Terminator people created looking like the Former Ca Gov
haha oh i didn't notice ...
idk cause im just leaving emmas now and idk if my momma will let meh
#PRDLA Yuen sees increased use of physical items in special collectoins after those items that have been partially OCRed & posted online.
Filner says his top priority is jobs. The port is being underutilized, he says:
Austin i'm so happy for you! I hope you have the best time in Miami! Good luck! <3
Bdavis to hollins, can't wait for next season. Playoff contnder for sure
I never knew that kissing ur bf is hummiliatimg but u dry hump him in public & key him grope ur ass an boobs smh pointing my eyes to Selena
You can hear the quintet from the Heinz Hall lobby, The Pittsburgh Brass Collective, during intermission on Classical QED 89.3
Iv been up since six with naps in between
lol we have to yo... I hope he has nothing going on... It would be such a diverse display of styles on one track. Something new
thems are good odds!
Thanks Sam!
Hi Kim! Hope you are having a Happy Thanksgiving. As you can probably tell tweeting is new to me!
I haven't heard of that one
And the adventure begins! Only 26 more hours till we're in the holy land
Shaking my head over my cat so all the little tiny hairs go on her. She's pissed.
If your home was built before 1976 make sure to have your ceilings tested by a Certified Asbestos consultant.
Prof Bies: Find the sacred in the ordinary. Whatever it is, there is dignity in that.
I hate ppl who use the # sign in every tweet its annoying as Fuck!
Players must be delicate in how they interact w/ each other, especially in public. The wrong word may destroy confidence.-Phil Jackson
Another talent has been requested to audition for an upcoming Feature Film!! I love it!!
hi To My New Follower
Great! I didn't know that you make it clear it's NOT allowed in your space. I STOPPED in 1979. PEACE
Why bother another stellar of season.
Heading to The Shack, make yer way there and I'm buying!!
Say it ain't so plz say it ain't so...
HAPPY HOLIDAYS TO ALL OUR MERCHANT CIRCLE FRIENDS ! STOP BY SAT/SUN AND RECEIVE SPECIAL DISCOUNT TOWARD NEXT YEARS WATCH BATTERIES,REPAIRS
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake - you can't learn anything from being perfect. - Adam Osborne
John Terry has several screws loose.
i would at least get tickets, in a video, n some damn money lmao
Our first brew is equal parts vodka, cheap beer, and expired orange juice. -JO
basically its the new way to cyber sex and watch people masturbate live
I grew up in Montrose, where Don Coram is from. I don't know how he can look his gay son in the eye. Disgraceful.
I will be first in line to taste some of those delicious c-cakes! :)
You've got to make your free-throws.
YES! I would lurv to. I'm actually going to #mpls the weekend of the 28th. Lets plan a photo adventure if you're around.
RT Thanks! it's just portion control and lots of water.
Sing to the Lord with thanksgiving, make melody to our God on the lyre. Psalm 147:7
Who do you think is a better rapper lyrically or
you retarted today is sundayy ! You busty!
Chris Medina on GMA, an inspirational story.
Send us an email this evening if you have any questions. We just released our latest newsletter with a nice coupon for you.
song is "reason to believe"
Going to to get mahhhh hot chocolate :) ♥ (hopefully I won't habitually order a "non-fat latte" by accident again)
RT You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours... :)
Snore. RT : NWS has now issued a Tropical Storm Watch for DC area beginning Saturday afternoon. Potential winds of 45-55 MPH
Why is it that a large majority of people can not talk politics without getting upset and resorting to personal attacks?
Supported local business Scratch Bakery at 4th and Termino. Near LB in the southland? visit & buy something yummy! Cranberry pie tomorrow!
Okay campers, rise and shine! And don't forget your booties cause it's cold out there today
Just came from this play pretty coo
Whats the point of this shit
I know- I'm so thankful!!
Quote from my father, "An Apple a day keeps the Dr away. An Onion a day keeps everybody away.". Thanks Ken Yeakley
Wrapped up a great weekend playing First Note Music Hall in Santa Rosa Beach Florida. It was a blast to say the least. Thx to all who came!
nice meeting you lastnight dude. You playing anywhere this evening?
Almost everything around you is die cut: the gaskets in your engine 2 drink coasters at your favorite restaurant
#thingsthatpissmeoff When websites continually decide to change their set up making me really confused and annoyed.
lol! Morning darling!
Oh the way it used to snow there is a thing of the past for sure! 1970s snow forts were awesome.
Rest in Peach Ms. Houston. I am really in shock right now :'-(
thanks for the plug about my reported commentary. I appreciate it.
What y'all on twitter
Hi , thanks for the mention. I think (based on the article) "computing" would do just fine, no need for #Cloud to be included.
#YEE Austin Mahone accepted my friend request one Facebook! :D
Pretty sure I've stayed at that hotel.
it's more than the do not call, survey fatigue is about every bus + culture org asking ?'s at the locals & online
Just left the gym. Loving it. I see Ms Nicole is following now. Welcome aboard
I'm sorry, does anyone like Mark Sanchez anymore? Any Sanchez lovers out there?
Good. That runner has no affect on the game, considering Brewers can't score 1 run, let alone 2. Get the batter you want.
More cowbell!!
Denver will elect a new mayor tomorrow. What do you think is the biggest issue facing the city?
Rap/hip-hop my junior year of high school>>>>>>
I wanna go to New York tomorrow
shes so cute
The characters actually have distinct personalities. They don't do something stupid every issue. Also the story keeps moving.
Yeah, it's pretty contagious. Which is why I get it every damn year. You have spots on your throat in the back on the sides?
SO TRUE. Way to call out ! How rude!
Wonder how many people will show for spin class today. Usually a full house.
eventually. now that people identify me with that tintin cover, I'll have a hard time not repeating it.
IT FEELS LIKE A LIFETIME!!! hi :)
forever frustrated
good morning everybody
What will you do FOR YOURSELF today?
Got home from practice. Danced so hard, got blisters on our feet.
move ya slow Bitches
Well....all I can say is fuck you Clippers...
Sitting at the eye doctor forever <<<<
sorry bout that. VIP treatment next visit. DM me and well make it right!!!
Support your PDX business community. Come out for the Fremont Festival of Lights Dec. 9th 5-9pm
Having (rights specialist) at NYPL is absolutely essential. Orgs like #AAS3rdcentury could hire lawyers to offer similar services.
its one of the best burgers, imo
"on a scale of 1-Kesha, how hard do you party?" -one of my kids from north allegheny
Birthday shout-out to Kelly Davies, daughter of EOI Owner Jackie Davies, & one of the sweetest people we know! Happy Birthday Kelly!
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help
Next: Clare Richie from up. Discussing what fed TANF cuts could mean to the state budget.
that's what u get for having an iphone!!
": he fucked me up, but that don't mean i can't try again ... im strong enough!"
Love McCarthy's glitter platforms!
Blah on the plane back to Arizona :(((
thanks for the plug!
No shit. He talks like a retarded Frankenstein's Monster. He adds nothing to the broadcast
RT if u follow back
Oh shit. That's what's up!! I'm hungry too!! Lol
Now all the Spurs fans know your full name!!! :)
See our Virtual Tours tab for this Sunday's Open Houses
I leave for Denmark in a month. Whoa.
Let's see if you're a man of your word...done
yea just shut up and get a life
When in doubt, buy the book ahead of time. So bummed!
That is flippin sweet!
Thank you!! So happy you enjoyed it.
& b/c you can do a REAL serious face to our faces w/o smiling neither can I Ctfu
Bethenny frankels husband was not happy to see me on Halloween. They had just come back from their fake trick or treating setup shot. Boo!
When asking your friends to vote for you recipe contest entry, please ask them to LIKE our page as well. Thanks.
Can we buy (e-versions of) little book futures? Like a subscription for what doesn't exist yet?
So glad to hear it - see you next time!
yeah mad props to him. It's just like last game, only him was doing work. Smh Lakers -____-
": "Don't worry I'm just doing ur marketing. Not raising ur kids" #quoteofthenight" Thx I thought it was a decent 1
Ok. Just let me know if you need anything, even if it's cleaning help or whatever.
That moment when the person buying your couch off of craigslist shows up and they're really hot.
I'm Just Emotionaly Frustrated And Emotionally Stressed
where's my puppeteer?
why?! roomies tweetin each other from different rooms!
Awww I remember that picture. Yes, good times! Are you two auditioning for Quartz again?
Productive day ☺
derek zoolander: a model, idiot.
It just feels like the #Kings year. Really pulling for them.
Wow you're so fake
stop thnkn bout em I had to so u got 2
Santa is here in Dark, Milk or White Chocolate & dusted with edible gold for a beautiful, breathtaking finish.
I think has the opposite attitude of Favre and WILL take the next starting Packers QB and help him.
after is done with class and I'm down for whatever y'all want.
your obsessed with Jania.
JPP, easily. RT Tweet & complete this full sentence...The MVP on defense this season was _____!
Love + Trust + Honesty = Long Lasting Relationship.
Am i seeing this right. Is TSC cancelled???
has one of the most beautiful voices
do we really need another show with black people and wolves in it though?
At #orioles funfest. Long lines but I got a free helmet and bobble head
gayla is like holding me hostage and she put a curse on my phone! I tried to answer but the buttons didn't show up and then
What ya getting?
Above & Beyond Party Buses Book your next event in style go ABOVE & BEYOND FOR INFO 720-454-9662
Watching the movie Seven with my mother.
What do you do to recover your lost phone? I have the app "where's my phone". I love it. I've used it to find my phone in my house!
House Hunters!!!!
Panini was so good! What a lunch! Planning beef stroganoff for dinner...
If you're talking behind my back you're in a good position to kiss my ass.
The best thing about 60° weather in January--NO BUGS!!!
In my experience, most profs just want to get thru their subject material w/o attention to larger, versatile skills.
Hey worker bees! #EarthDay tip for today: Save a ton of energy by turning off your computer AND monitor when you leave work for the day.
Quote of the day: "Not everyone will support what you're doing. You just have to think, is it worth the hate??"
Watching hannah Montana the movie
yea if we got wes too so it's cheaper
do what I do, and whine constantly, it actually makes you feel better.
Interview subjects also tend to trust more as the people behind the cameras look like them
Oregon needs to watch these penalties
Psssst...Fashionistas....Be Sure to Follow Your New Favorite Digital Glossy.
Like your "dirty diaper" headline. Thanks.
Knowing that you are one step closer to becoming
if you don't have something in life to be passionate about then you might as well lay down and die ;)
Looking for some soup to warm up your day? La Prima is serving Buttery Squash with apple $3.65 www.wausautogo.com
Rosehaven Production touring in November. First stop. The great state of Mississippi!!!!
Thanks for the prompt call following the auto accident. You've got customers for life.
well.....yeah. But I love LA :( how awesome would it be of they actually got homes here though. That'd be pretty cool.
Chase your dreams and never give up!!!!
im so bored -__- R.E.T.W.E.E.T IF YOU WANT ME TO DO 50 or more confessions (;
what's up buttercup? 😊
Straight up now tell me do you really wanna love me forever oh oh oh or is it just a hit and run...
Lewis got boarded by Doan and busted his face open. Doan tossed, 5 minute major. Lewis put himself in a bad spot but still.
Albuquerque is sure beautiful this time of year. Miss San Diego, but love my new/old home.
We have 3 locations in the DMV area. H Street NE, Friendship Heights and Bethesda. (cc )
you guys are gonna get blown away with PE's new stuff. pics coming soon!
Current bid is $700, do I hear $800?
"Q: Can you go to jail for this app? A: Absolutely!" Hahaha! OH weekend #TSW2012 via Easy Raffle
The Medieval Faire in Norman this weekend! Love their disclaimer: "Firearms not permitted. Blades must be kept sheathed and peace-tied."
I don't want to live in the reality that I'm in now. I hate that money is the center of everything.... SUCKS! i want my 40hours a week back.
A vigorous #5milerun will do more for an unhappy adult than all the medicine & psychology in the world. - Paul Dudley White
digital humanist nerdfighters FTW!!
Up and at em. Last day of the week
I'm gonna become a Hippie . Just for the hell of it .
I don't hate black people cause they're black. I hate them because they think I hate them cause they're black.
So don't change accts., just delete the joke acct. and let the current acct. take its handle.
At the Southwest District Council mtg. Great discussion about zoning & development issues Talking about channelization and Rapid Ride now.
Hey Ben, I just e-mailed you about being a guest on our movie podcast this week. We'd love to have you on!
Our time is so specialised that we have people who know more and more or less and less. - Alvar Aalto
Are u planning a mobile sbx exhibit?
#vsa2011 Tip #2 from Three Methods Workshop: Keep a journal (or for techies like me a google doc or wiki) of what works for your institution
#17 i really miss my friends from my private school :(
Agree! We were approached for a great opportunity near a ballpark. Details soon.
On my next tweet can you guys and girls help me out. Please Like, comment, and sub to the official MiRL youtube! Thanks....!
YES! I LOVE TORRES! <3 #football #soccer #i'mamerican
Let me hold you for a moment, it feels right, don't it?
What's this tent business? INSIST on trailer homes instead Tents are disposable shelters, trailers are real living spaces
one direction are flawless homos
honestly so am I lol
Teen Spirit playing at Gen X forum. Amazing. Its not enough to have cool parties at night and whisper during the day
US Debt Crisis is our greatest security risk.BO has NO plan. His 10 year plan rejected 414-0 in US House because it had no solution.
// That's 8 words out of our 31 word mission statement. Thanks for posting!
I'm inadvertently wearing Ohio st colors - ew ew ew.
good morning my friend.. game is at 7:30 pm my time. I don't know what time that is on your side if the world LOL
Learning how to use twitter for a valuable business tool, woo hoo
Apparently all that Bain experience means something. He's made a stock go up without even trying.
A little brunch, then watch tha brewers feast on tha Astros, for the sweep
Nope, he's still kickin
Where is the world's largest cinco party held & what is it called? Answer first and nab a spot at our Mexican cooking class on Wed. for $20
Seeing one of my favorite bands on the planet. Right now. Hell yeah
"I am responsible for what I speak, not for what you understand".
hm u couldn't have seen Trey tweet this pic yesterday sendin massive floods up & down twitter
Congrats to UK, EKU and Transy for big wins last night!
follow me follow me u are my favorite actor !!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for the love!
u gotta stop doing that b4 you make friends w/ a murderer!
please follow me(:
Wouldn't it be great to collect recollections/trinkets/photos from Texans about #PresLBJ? We could develop a web exhibit.
Best advice from my #wharton #entrepreneurship professor, "need to become impervious to the word NO"
High of 86 tomorrow...wear your clam diggers!
Prom on Saturday. Talladega on Sunday. Best weekend ever.
fingers crossed!
Yeah, I'd be playing Jesus. No lie...it's Jay Roach film.
Took a look at your blog and enjoyed getting to know you a little. Well done.
Sun Belt announces Texas State as official member.
& Another One On Saturday
MS Lawmaker Andy Gipson should be the one put to death
surgery on wednesday bro bro
good luck! You'll do great! :)
Oh hi Allen
In theory, I like sharks. But I suspect that one or more of them could damage a camera!
hopefully soon please!?
I was really excited there for a minute...but that's sweet too I guess
We sure are! Our Operation Rebound injured military personnel can't wait to ride!
my uncle is telling my dad that i refused to do my work he wouldnt help me i did it &i got it wrong now hes lieing to my dad
Whaddup Jasmine, hit me up ASAP. Need to wrap to you about something. Gonna send you a message on FB
Thanks, Aaron!
Everyone at #shalerhighschool, let's rainbow it out tomorrow.
Thanks! Her dad always wanted to be a dealer so he can live vicariously through her! :)
It's official: Mark Ruffalo is my favorite Hulk ever. *swoons*
Everyone follow my instagram my usernames collerrblhynd DO IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!XD
we know it comes out different when he speaks in English, read his Tweets. I believe Ozzie. Ppl. Need to forgive
Thanks again for the RT
last day of school :D
My dad is a bitch. Seriously, he needs to fuck himself
how many awards have been televised so far
Sprit of Excellence Health Fair !!
On my way home so tired
Hope we get to meet at BAS meeting tonight. I saw part of your talk today in Scars but was in and out with the baby.
leave drake out of that aleck!! Lol
That's not a phone it's a tablet.
Our herbal line for the Winter season has arrived and we are all sipping on some peppermint chamomile blends. Come join us!
We're very glad you enjoyed our tweets :)
You made the worst decission today
Looking to end the week on a high note. Lots of work ahead ready for the challenge!
Jay-Z & Kanye West- Niggas In Paris
Yes. My first question for you: Anyone out there who thought SuPo race would be handily in Kloppenburg's favor?
still do. Yessir
did you watch it?
video games or baseball field
Bitch Dat Ass Clap
you sound very interesting. get in here!
sent a package of what I got each of u for xmas
praying for you & your family.
It's like I work with cartoon charactors so it's pretty awesome! :P Do you not like yours?
honestly I just can't wait til memorial day weekend
C: What's that on your foot? Did you cut it? J: That's probably chocolate. [Rubs it off with other foot.] Yup. C: I hate you so much.
I will not be Patty.
really b**** i might only be 120 but i can still kick your a** ...
shit was tryna see if mf's was tryna get a session
