are all tweets created equal?
mine is unfollowing people too maybe it's our iPods! Plus my iPod deleted my star wars movies :(
I love Ashley so much . . how can this be happening ? </3
Good luck with the test! When are you taking it?
Lack of focus and uninspired play for the first 3 quarters…if they cannot get themselves up, more streaks will fall
If a train is about to run u over I'll rather jump in to save u then to see u die &noeing I didnt do nuthin xoxo I love u always<3be mine<3
so inspirational right now
would love to if I can. Thanks
- H L Mencken
Keep working out that body, girl. Eat your veggies. Give the treadmill a whirl. Every single day. Do NOT give up no matter what. Beeoch.
Mornin dicks and dames, time to go out and earn that dough..if ya doin somethin off the books have a good lawyer handy ;)
ill be in dearborn still :) text text! Hey btw? Wuts 'RT' mean?
Think it's safe to say the #Devils just advanced! Yes!
"Put your tears away and call it a day" its not that easy to do as to say.
On a ref desk all day except for 2 hours. There goes my productivity
Thanks for the RT
I don't got that many monies.
do u even see my tweets I have tweet u a lot..
SO in love with this picture!
HOT staff mtg, who bets we hear about the SR directory?
harsh, huh? poor grandmother! I'm doing genealogy right now too!
thanks for the great convo and crowd. future of media? quality will rise to the top!
I've been playing nonstop.. Need to stop.
church was great
*fingers crossed*
I know you don't want to seen like an asshole if you say something about tayler so I do it for you, tayler U FUCKING SUCK
Its all to predictable now though. Joey dosent get freekick, not happy starts so bother. Slags off offender on Twitter
Don't want the spoon to be lonely!
Who is the most famous French ant ?Napoleant !
so great for The Ward. thank you! RT : Thank you for a great day!
seriously with this rain
well I'm always looking to barter: #Deal you get me followers I'll provide graphics - sufficient to quantity etc.
Ohh well holler at me! I'm always down for hangin' in the sticks:)
Yes, Obama said "John is right" 8 times, but it is what he said after that… "but", "however", "but here's where we differ".
Is there a meatball any place on Earth that is better than Martorano's? We don't think so. Someone please tell us if there is!
Lenny is a hot Jewish man. Yum.
loser ... cough cough jk
The summer is getting closer to an end. Take a final family trip up to Kentucky Down Under. Check out our half-priced tickets!!
lots of shopping for work:)
#ff , because I miss her and am wondering what she's up to these days.
I was overseas for a few days, just got back & ended up missing some great stuff while I was gone. France in April is gorgeous!
Does anyone else find it absurd that you can't place a call with google voice from Google Contacts?
Real tricky and what not. #WALA magic
Looking forward to hearing speak at the Saban Theatre in LA tonight at 7:30! See you there!
probably the only Mets fan you know! Thanks pal
We DMed you this morning! We hope to hear from you soon!
I'll be in the area in fifteen
Thanks for being there!
let's make #kensington in #philly the next big food scene! Help us revitalize this area and support
Hey, free wifi on the plane.
I hope you choke on my name .
WATER BED.
Interview with for went great. Quotes coming soon. Dang, I want an Australian accent.
The web needs your words!
Keith Woods if NPR reminds us: #Journalism is the only industry named in Constitution. That's how Impt it is to Democracy.
mann so lannnnnnnnggggggggggwiiiiiiiiilllllllllliiiiiiiiiiiiiggggggggggg
a pundit bubble.
You know it's a GREAT when by the end of the 1st half you are thinking of submitting…
where is my easel? a little drunk and feeling inspired. perfect time to bust out the oil paints.
I LOL'd at "poop dumping". I'm so mature.
I read about it but haven't looked at it until you sent the link! That's awesome!
Gadzooook! Boulevard of the Allies playin' at The Underground, Campus on February 4th, 2011. We're all wettin' ourselves!
OPEN MIC TONIGHT!!!! :)
Not happy about it but that was a great alleyoop
oh...that's right...ok...see you tomorrow
We appreciate you following us on Twitter!
Wondering when #oomf is gunna give me a chance -__-
seeing the maine in december!!,
How did u fall in the pool exactly.??
Wondering where the time goes...
Followed! :D Thanks for following me by the way. :')
I baked cookies (:
time to go to work -__-
get a life WESTBORO BAPTIST CHURCH..the funeral wil still go on, and it will still not be about YALL...picketting for no reason.
so homo, I LOVE IT!
Not even a Bears fan but... Matt Forte…pay the man!
For updates on #BBWC follow dog is there! :)
That's really cool. I'm gonna have to try it out.
youtube & twitter....biggest distractions ever (-____-)
,great game idea, too bad I can't use it due to bad language:( Have you played this game?
Total domination on both ends of the floor #GoSpursGo!!!
I remember Rev Jen from my 2003 internship. Hi!
#TeamHoneyBadgers are now on course.
just got all the kids to school. Time to go work on the house.
So apparently Louisville is in the same state.
Can I redeem #LibbyPoints for a ride in a T-38? :)
I appreciate u and the luv....and I'm workin on it DAMN IT!!!
RT : RT : If the Astros knew what was good for them, they would go after Woody Williams to fill in at GM or Pres
Who's going to spend $20k a night to stay in Mexico? I don't care how nice the hotel is,you can't enjoy it when your head is not attached
"it aint' the size of the man, it's the size of the muthafuckin plan"
Quick work trip! but i'll have some time tomorrow afternoon to explore Fisherman's Wharf! Looking forward to it!
i think imma go through my records again and purge another 500 or so
that sucks, I haven't been in a church since last year
Someday life will slap you in the face and I'll laugh
I survived and I will live to fight another day!
Wishing my buddy luck on her french concert :) Love you carrot :3
haven't found mudhouse, SS crabs are just a few booths down from me.
I'm listening to Voyagers of the Titanic
you're cool.
This summer is gonna be so amazing. ☀☀☀
lemme know what you think.
What's Hannnennnninn
Good to know... If you saw me jumping up & down screaming like a crazy woman, you'd think I lost my mind. Hahaha
"If god is a dj, life is a dance floor"
I do be knoccd out. Lol!
Absolutely. Clearly you just don't have your head in the game.
#Romney: I am running for president because I have the experience and the vision to get us out of this mess.
OMG. I LOVE UBERS WITH HEATED SEATS.
I hope that had a great birthday!!!!
THE REFS BEEN CALLIN BS IN THIS YEARS
wen n wit who?
RT : Please bookmark The Berlin Project - which will be huge. The creatives behind it are awesome.
Tupac or B.I.G?
getting our business cards printed, finally. Have the website, have the office, have clients, but no business cards... down right shameful.
no problem man
how was your day?(:
Confused by the barrage of career choices after 10, 12 and graduation? #CORE is addressing just that on in
hahaha!!!!! Gurlll you best start looking!!
Dana Zuber : key to data visualization is "data to ink" ratio: Speaks to difficulty of listening & reading at once
Thank you Nuggets.
Do you sing in the shower?
Love doesn't make the world go 'round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Seriously though, that's awesome. . .Happy Holidaze!!!!!!!!
Nowak: Califf is only Union player involved in trade. Union receive a player "and something else."
Head over to Ziegfield to hear during the E-Book Conversion Workshop Part I & gain insights into evolving #ebook market
love to talk anytime!
haha..had she responded with a cloud report, the jedi order would have granted her *wx guru* as well.
There are certainly otaku for actual early plastics (like Bakelite)—it's a little soon for modern plastics.
Just booked our return tickets- we'll be back next week! But first, Hong Kong....
John Q is trending. Best movie ever. That's a real father. I would've done the same for my kid.
the first labor shot was done by NHLPA rejection of realignment, not this, everyone saw this coming.
If I could get by with murder you would probably already be dead.
moving to chicago in some days... any advice?
the giants have to wake up there better than the 49ers
</3 ... that feeling. Say goodbye to yesterday
he was the man. RIP Carroll Shelby.
thanks. We have created a kids' fitness device that provides exercise while kids watch TV. Pedaling to watch TV.
Happy Birthday to Miss ! She's one of the reasons I'm working in the music indutry, so you all better wish her a great day :D
I'm gonna follow you....like the puppy you see following you home, if you feed me, you better take care of me too
For filmmakers who loved making movies when they were kids, like us, and for film lovers who are still 80s kids at heart, go see SUPER 8!
I'm overboard and I need your love, pull me up, I can't swim on my own, it's too much, I feel like I'm drowning without for love
tempting. Like those gys in gym shorts? They may not be fashionable, but I love them...;)
crowning heights cabbie RT :…my NY taxi driver…Pasang Sherpa…summited Everest 6 times. Prayer wheel on…dashboard got us talking
Fuck )-: sucks not having an IPhone!
Consider your top 3 customers. How did they find you and what do you think influenced their decision to become your customer?
Dem angles sum serious though lol! Push...push....push....push....
eResearch&#39;s Bob Weir Interviews Rick Thibault, President &amp; CEO of ...
is Troy brown starting at the nickel corner for the patriots? Does anyone know
today is Kona Sunrise Rotary.
My caffeine detox only lasted 6 days.
How to take advantage of the kid's vacation!
It's definitely a good one!! :-)
So I'm guessin there's questions that need addressin huh? Like how we fresh in our adolescence and wreckin 'em. - ES
Alright c'Mon, let's get this win!
"My definition of modernism took a while to develop"-Peter Gay
Street lights are on. I suppose this is the part where I go inside.
The line at Bucharest Grill is cray today, but this will be worth it. M schwarma.
Only you can make me feel the way I do
please you have been keepin busy with all your other boys
no it doesnt make up... lets beat their brains tonite
Life's not about the people who act true to you face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back.
RT : I'd rather drink bleach than listen to Nicki Minaj.
or maybe "you" as in "us" as in "all of us"
12 people working and they still are 8 minutes late in getting a cream to me.
did you see who made a brief cameo as conference attendee in Mlps for Carr lecture... Hint: not Doug
If you like it hot, says you'll like this Mother's Day in Portland/Vancouver metro... near 90. Too hot for you?
Tea like revenge is best served cold.
#WhatMakeYouBeautiful and #BOYFRIEND and #11:11 .... set on loop all day :) haha
Nightlight: the Twilight Parody tells a better love story than Twilight does...
A few of my fellow groundlings (people who stand by the stage instead of sitting) got fake blood and urine on them despite the splash tarp
Give my ass some kisses (;
Hey thanks for following.. i'll try to make it out to Glendale some sunday...
Disney Store Get ready for the Twice Upon A Year Sale, starts June 13th in-store and online!
You know your sorry when your own crowd boos you when you get the ball
Technology and Education should go hand in hand!
did she ?
oh n her brother is comin along too i think :p
project due tmrrw, ill do the rest in the morning.
True. RT I think my new super power is convincing people to visit Portland. Not that it's a tough sale...
wow!! empty pool at 12:50pm on a friday... #helltothegottago :-)
Thanks for the RT! Happy Summer!
A couple of new announcements about the HF-Twestival coming today....YOU READY?!
To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us
To everyone who enjoyed The Key And The Sword, check back with us tonight for something special at 7 o'clock! Tell your friends!
bernadetteboas, I love your input and tweets. I have retweeted many of them. Could you join me to help empower women by liking my...
Everybody knows it sucks to grow up
If you want to be a holy man, learn to bear and forbear. - Swami Premananda
Thank you all your support and retweeting! Do you have all of our books? If not, can we send you something as a thank you?
Sounds like you need some inspiration :P
My cats have cat scratch fever. Therefore, they have destroyed one of my chairs. What is the cure for this affliction?
yep, most beautiful country in the world
"Once more into the fray. Into the last good fight I ever know. Live & die on this day." John Ottway in the movie,"The Grey".
RT Still time to get your vote in on the poll about who should start at second for the Tigers. #Tigers Inge isn't on this..wtf?
Hm. What to do today...
hahaha....Happy Mother's Day nonetheless!
you bet!
Gizmodo&#39;s Happy Hour Party Was a Deadly Fun Night of Drinking [Video]
thanks for your support dudes!
Peter Brantley: Internet Archive is buying ebooks from publishers, following copyright rules
oh gosh! Wish I had thought of it!
What an exciting day! Downloads of #iOS game are now coming from the continent of #Africa! Thanks #SuperFans!
Maybe it's time to get rid of your old audition clothes, and get new ones. It's 2012!
Follow Friday #FF Amazing emerging social companies from
Game 6 is under way and #Caps getting early power play.
I know right, I thought graduating in 3.5 yrs was pretty good but maybe not so much :)
has butterflies in her tummy again!
You can now text us by texting TEAMDIET to 60611
Are you a #nonprofit? Let's talk. We want to give you our tools to spread your message.
never recieved an email
Seriously how good is Pauly
Coming Soon! A CineCityJax Podcast with Actor/Producer Kent Lindsey. Not to be missed. Stay tuned.
So true!! RT : “: Missing at the game!” As you should be!!!
Will the real Tim Teblow stand up.
Can I get in the group?
I love you, and I hope you can make it to my Graduation.
When you're on top,make sure it's not just you being pleased!
everyone has a story
I hear what you're saying about making it too pretty but the pendulum swings the other way too and some have made it too ugly
#808Pridenews bbf: happiness u just farted in my face happ: i believe its called a drive by LOLOLOL
Do re mi fa so la ti DO!!!!!!!! Yes, can't wait to finish work! Talk to mi amor and gym it up.
Reading a biography of coco chanel for fun without feeling guilty.
We spent the evening with Gang Enforcement team to see what their nights are really like. The story on at 11p.
Elevate Constant wavesThrough the Resonance of Creative Thot.and Heart chakra,.Thot is Matter..simple..oh yea anti-aging secret as well
Bears are a big disappointment smh
Wasup Fans Check my track out..www.reverbnation.com/phildafunk
I have an odd question do you know how to get calking off of your hands?
We're always down to chat with you on the radio show! Let's set it up!
Digesting the #RDA report and early comments
Blake Griffin... you are ridiculous. That dunk was INSANE.
2012 Fantasy Baseball Waiver Wire: Brad Eldred, Luke Hochevar, Jeff Niemann ... - Opposing Views
"Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things."
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
- No worries. Appreciate the consideration. We've got more events later this yr. ;)
I see you trending on Twitter hommie
OMG, I hate when ppl are late....
awwwh.... wish my dog could live that long too!
Make 3 times more money than what you're making now with easy hair extensions! We show you how @ www.drwiggys.com or email
don't we all lol, have a great time :)
Just bought CD on iTunes!!! :D it's freakin' amazing! I luh, luh, love you Cody:)
Life is good I can't complain. I mean, I could but no ones listening.
I probably listen to Call Me Maybe at least once a day
#irallstars Billings: ETD downloads from IR far outnumber downloads from Proquest, on average 280/year vs. 7/year.
THANKS ALL THE LOYAL AND PROFESSIONAL PEOPLE IN MY WORLD, AND DISMISSES THE IGNORANT ONES..NUFF SAID GOODNIGHT FOLKS DONT FEED INTO THE HYPE
Happy Mother's Day to everyone! We are the company we keep, so keep your mothers close!
Thx for the follow RT for a shout out :-)
I know l imma try lol
Texting and Mowing again ;)
Amazon's rev. strategy: 130,000 KDP titles to be borrowed free by Prime members. But why wld Prime members want self-pub over trad'l titles?
your a freak !
Flight to mexico is empty
Oh happy day!
I remember my first follower, I said "Please stop following me!!" I thought that followed were bad... :)
Help my phone is bein stupid idk Wat it's doin I think it might come alive
yeah. Really looking forward to this.
Why aren't you?
CNN Reports that more people are using Coffee Shops with WiFi as offices. This has been San Diego CRM's business model for years!
This game is getting a little out of control -- top of the 15th - Last Indians player on base is STILL Lou Marson in the 7th
The more you learn the more you earn. Read, it expands your mind. Each and every word.
“: compliments >” hey pretty lady :)
Be sure you're capable enough to live up to what you profess you know to the world, because opportunities will def arise for you to show it.
Gotta love History Channel Duck Dynasty! Like watching my dad, primo fili, and primo eloy! Omg crying from lmao!
#Auditioning for #Victorious. wish me luck! I #dream to be on #DISNEY!
That was intense. what did Alec do to you? Ha.
You ever notice that the older you get, the older all your stuff gets, too?
Ahh my #Netflix is down!! How am I suppose to get my #Lost fix!?
Thank you :) Please help spread the word about www.birdofprayer.org
When in doubt, wear red. ~Bill Blass
Just finished interviewing Broadway legend Ben Vereen. In town for Diabetes Expo tomorrow at noon. A genuinely nice man.
Yes, It is Exciting& I love being on the ITA Team w/ such Awesome #HelloMornings Ladies! Did U&Sis Reg 4 Summer Yet? :)
Off to the club with
Thanks for the mention, much appreciated! Have a great weekend!
#20ThingsAboutMe #10: I'm a slight impulse buyer. lol
I'm in the 615
Last time snuck into something it was an actual scary hostage situation, so much nicer to watch her have fun at
RT : What do mobile devices offer? How can we use in mobile training? QR codes, voice recognition, gps
Nah. Participating in the human study part of the diss. Need comp teachers for survey + interview
new Binghamton U president: Dr. Harvey Stenger.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!32
wishing you all the best as u move on to the next adventure.
It's Super Sunday! We will open today @ 2pm for the Super Bowl. Swing by!
I'm sharing this article with public agencies that don't understand why when they ask about apps I ask about their mainframe!
We're following the "if it's working now, make sure what you're replacing it with is simply the best" approach.
I think im buying a macbook soon. I've heard nothing but good things about em. Any1 have any other input
Have a Wonderful Friday Eve!
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to seeing you at the ELE Learning Leaders conf in Milwaukee on May 24th
Lol RT : Now I have Ai se eu te pego stuck in my head Don't know a lick of Portuguese but at least I can sing along :D
You'd think after two home runs youd get the memo.
I still miss my ex... but my aim is getting so much better.
what is with kate in her bloody gown?
Yup :D but winter is coming up which sucks
You can take the "dj" outa north bay.. But you'll never take the noth bay outa ME!#funky beats
#FEDUP #NationalDebt is like persons #TotalDebtOwed, including mortgage, car/personal loans, credit cards, insurance payments, etc.
Have a great Monday everyone!
RT It's On“: #Summersweat is TONIGHT! Mayer Hawthorne (DJ set), Rye Rye, Soul Track Mind, and KP & The Boom Boom!”
Wow... the Huskies really Coug'd it there.
It's Recall Primary Day! Don't forget, there's a primary on both sides! And you DO NOT need a photo ID!
Working on my degree plan... :)
Make some extra money, and you’ll have a little cash you can save
it's a good start for a new team!
Kobe can't hit it if he never touches the ball. Thabo!!!!
Last leg of long day travelling.....who can I blame for this itinerary????
that's so funny! Hahahaha
can somebody tell me how princetons dog died?
it's your birthday?!?
RT : Had a Tour at it was Great :) - It was our pleasure!
sounds like the evening improved?
My throat is sore as hell...but I knew this was gonna happen when I left work yesterday w/out a jacket or hat on 😷😞😖😔
Now who's going to be the first to say they "needed" to lose this game? Don't worry I'll wait!
“: Looking GOOD today. Keep it up. Baylor has terrible uni's..”thanks bro, ugliest I've seen!
Back at peace. Things have changed, & that's okay.
yayayyyyyy now we need to get Emily here:P
:""( no its all the way in California , I'm in Ohio
starting in July, this is every day, unfortunately.
Never heard this one until today...that you can date someone 1/2 your age plus 7 years and it's still veiwed approriately.
TURN UP THE MUSIC OH OH OHHHHHHHB
If You Wanna Be With Other People Then Dont Make Your Relashionship Wit Sumone Else So Public U Give Dem Da Wrong Idea.
's #tinyhabits is a great way to change your life, one baby step at a time.
Thank you.
Well... Im getting more posters..
OMG, I'm so excited yall!! Going to look at house to buy tomorrow!! Holy shit, I hear its perfect!! 2 blks from beach too! Lord let it be..
Watching to see if George Lucas will explain himself this time.
thank you, and that's good. You going to the club tonight lol
Rick Santorum wants to return the nation to its founding principles. Slavery and suffrage limited to landowners will make a comeback.
#melus12 excited about the native emergences panel
Good art is not what it looks like, but what it does to us.
That looks pretty.... relaxing....
whoa, whoa, whoa what kind of holes we talking about? #fisting RT Wagers, perhaps play a skins match, fist outing of the season?
Hey everyone please go like my Senate Campaign page on Facebook: Forrest D. Stovall {Senator At-Large}!! Voting begins Feb. 28th! Thank you!
why, thank you!
Never a dull moment
Yes! RT : there's going to be 190 more people hooked on the chili!!
Nice to see you again, Ben & Jerry.
I take advantage of every chance I'm given.
. Listener tip: search for a favorite song, make playlist of cover versions from other bands. Wow @ how far a song can be stretched.
Dear God Thank you for Starbucks Amen loll
Idols promise but can't deliver.
Bout to crack open a beer and make some nachos
., don't take a turn to negative town!
O wow dis class is slow as fuck lol
at budget hearings
You waiting on grades? RT : Best Case scenario 3 A's 2 C's
Motivation Monday! Make this week your best week!!
It’s so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don’t say it.
Does anybody have any GOOD news to share???
Trying to get prepared to get on a plane on Wednesday. Two weeks is a long time to be away. (Two days is not enough time to prepare.)
People should start paying us for being so entertaining. RT our song just came on my iPod
TD Vikings!! Minnesota continues the comeback, trails 27-21
tell latoya she should have knocked a muhfuka out. Next time Twitter me and we will get ee dun
Tried Long Island City? One stop to Grand Central on the 7 train. Forget the "upper East side" this is way better. Cheers
RT : Weekend looks great! Got celebrations at more fun & a weekend long fiesta This IS...
Sleep is so cute when it tries to compete with the internet.
1$ (technically $1.12) coffee...my saving grace on Monday mornings! Coffee
is mad she's broke her daughter is a #nastyslut n they want Obama to apologize
testings gonna SUCK
guns on deck baby tigers for pets. What's next?
Aaha guess its kind of a bad idea to spam you .:p
Wow! U just made the movie Im watchin even less interesting. By all means get ya #twitpic on.
Saw my favorite teacher, Mrs. Thurston, at Cracker Barrel.. Wow, why can't I have her as my teacher again. I miss 3rd grade.):
Where did you hear that?
If a Joplin-type tornado would hit the Twin Cities, would we be ready? and joined forces to pose the question.
Have a good night.. And good luck in Atlanta xoxox
People are tweeting about storms and posting pics of damage. I look outside. What do I see? The sun. Psh... So unfair.
Throwback joint, mario vazquez ft "gallery" remix. Haha this was the shit!!!
Cats like tape. It's a delicacy... or something. WTF???
on the highway lol idrk the specific place
What better lesson can you teach a young man, than forgiveness & grace? -Coach Bill Courtney Undefeated
okay now I love you. (:
as long as your baby's face does not look like an ass.
Fischhoff talk on experts' disclosure of uncertainty-- applied domains: intelligence analysis, environmental change, drug facts, meteorology
RT #Justified Quarrels is super crazy and extremely terrifying. I'm a little scared for Boyd and Rayland. And that poor kid...
It's not easy being Miss Piggy's frog...
Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The application is so rigged it's a joke. No matter what u do don't play.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. ~ Chinese Proverb
Great walk-off hit by Ibanez - wow!
Everyone needs to check out my blog. The link to it is on my profile. Its called the helping hand. Wen ur going through a hard time read it.
Thank you for adding me on your list.
Cannot wait til I'm 18 and can get a place of my own..
This weekend was like a preview of summer. Good weekend.
Ol' boof ass season of The Game
Money is neither my god nor my devil
Remember Fathers, Summer visitation will be starting July 1 at 6:00PM and will go through July 31 at 6:00PM.
#WordPress #Tools Category Remindr – Category Remindr puts a button next to the “Publish” button to remind you to select the categories for
that's what's up in at work chillin
cool story broo! my favvorite part was when you STOPPED talking! ^_^
Nice to see Broyles get drafted.
in england are u x
Never been so excited for a break to be over!
Lion sex creates stress D:
okayy, thanks! Just wanted to make sure I didn't miss it lol
Just finished tattin' at 12:30 a.m. My machines spit fire like they're out of control flame throwers. Injecting liquid hottness 24/7 365.
Awesome!! You will love it.
Roses are red Violets are blue Theres 1000 boys But I choose You
has convinced me, there are demographic differences in device choices
Way to go Tamara!!!
interesting that this is a #hoax. Last night a premium membership was all too real. This am a big joke.
I don't care who you are, if you're a bitch to me, I'll be a bitch right back.
Cough cough.... RT " Not removing my USB safely #YOLO"
Time to make a few changes!!! I'm done being upset or jealous of your happiness, its time to go get my own.
Remember, you will never become who you want to be if you keep blaming everyone else for who you are.
Table 323 in Amazon room now
SEO is just like a CEO. My license says "I DO SEO". I was asked: "Who is Seo?".
Love the fish bowl idea in the pictorial schedule! Super cute
omg is it time to eat yet, seriously metabolism is still cranking
How is Day 2 going for you?
Thanks :D Now I'm Living My Life Like It's Golden :D
Great game ! 4-0 against Roma!
you're welcome.
I love that shirt! But I've never been able to find one. Where did you find yours?
#Enterprise never flew into space, but served as ambassador, showcasing US space program around the world, seen by the most people
There are easily a dozen police cars in Bradford Beach area... Time to Go Home Folks?
That's the only thing I know about this world is that this right here this is true love♥
Watching Victor Ortiz about to make history!
“: Who's your favorite Wildcat of all time? #BBN” definitely 7 threes in the championship game sealed the deal
text me hoe
I love a good biography; it looks like it's going to be the perfect Summer read.
SAVE 10% IF YOU MENTION OUR TWITTER NAME ON YOUR ORDER!
RT : Bo this man!!!!! #TradeTeixeira <--That hashtag is a bit ridiculous.
I'm not
the fan club is on hiatus...
Get our daily specials today @ www.havanany.com/specials/
awesome do it
Yay! Take lots of pictures.
That cuteness ensures their survival often, doesn't it?
Street teamz bang out the promotion
Oregon's football revenue ranks 32nd in the country.
Last random thought: My productivity in life will increase dramatically, now that I have seen every episode of Game of Thrones.
Thank goodness this didn't count. My rooting interests are going to explode if Kemba attempts a game-winner against the Hawks for real
you wouldn't have, how could I forget you! :)
Describe what you thought of the Selections for "The Chicago Bears" in the NFL Draft? Will WR Jeffrey help the Offense?
Who won your contest fridayy?
haha down by big 'bammy's boat house. Wish I had made a vid for that.
I wish I could speak fluent Spanish! It's such a pretty language! (:
Once again, the Undertaker, Triple H, and HBK show the young guys how it's done! Thank you for another match in the all time highlight reel!
You should meet ! She's gorgeous with a heart to match & raising money for #kidswithcancer this Sun! dateforacure.org
You don't.
Yo. This is Katie . Tweet us!
SWTOR – Guide pour Star Wars : The Old Republic – Soa – Mode ...
snow in austin is about as impressive as the rapper Snow.
Congrats to our main man and co-host IN-Q for a great show, you guys have missed out on some insane spoken word if you were not there.
We lured them back with snacks and Jim Conway! ;)
I smell Friday coming! woohoo!
That's just not true. Running is an element but you need to be able to pass in this league. (Hint: Brady & Rogers).
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing. - Irene Peter
Who wants to go on a Duck Tour?
ASA for sure! THATCamp, it depends (on status of job; $$). It'd be awesome, but might add up in hotel room expenditures.
Back in the game!!!
Has anyone else seen Romance and Cigarettes? It's mesmerizingly terrible. Half snooty art-film, half musical?! How do you mess THAT up?
Taking care of yourself gives you strength to help others.
I have a zit on my ear. OW.
shiii, same ol man. trying stay out a trouble whats up with yall yall out there?
Maybe that's why the religious don't like gays. The extreme ones literally idolize pop divas as gods and disrespect the one true God.
I'm gonna take WESTest serious
The highlight of my weekend was probably when an adorable toddler with jowls AND dimples smiled at me on the street.
Don't forget: You can also purchase Naptown Roller Girls tickets at the Front Desk of the The Marten House Hotel & Lilly Conference Center!
I need somebody to tell me I'm doing the right thing.
yea && you better after i just wasted my time typing that lml
that song is the reason only girls love lil wayne
If I could get a job Id have nothing to worry about anymore.
U hit the nail on the head!
not too good
I just cut literally eight inches off a belt and punched five new holes in it! Yay #lowcarb diet!
sure what is it ?
Every morning you're credited with 86,400 seconds. Every night it rules off as "lost" whatever you have failed to use toward good purposes.
memos, memos and more memos, wish l loved to take them back as much as I love to take them out!
Yes I'm wearing a Judge hoodie. Hop off my dick, bro.** #fuckingtypos. -_-
In line at the post office I witnessed 3 FM-radio-loving men meet and bond over classic rock. It started with a concert t-shirt question.
Twitter is Growing!!! HUGE!!!
Great gig today for Smithville's American Legion Hall Model "A" Club. Looking forward to an upcoming year of opportunities
"Never blame any day in your life. Good days give you happiness, bad days give you experience. Worst days give you a lesson."
thanks I just like sharing my thoughts ;-)
You can thank Monica actually... she knows of so many good videos!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET REVIEW: VT PenPad 7.7-Inch Graphic Pen Tablet (Black)
Just finished the book "heaven is real" everyone should read it! Can't even rap my head around how awesome it is.
We have a problem: Search "#Bmore" and assess the gen. impression of Bmore as a city. U should be posting to change the convo?
excited for a fun event tonight! Sent you a DM. Talk soon.
I so need to be pulling weeds in my landscaping. Just want this frost threat to hurry by so I can put my flowers out...
Thanks! I strive for that!
now Bobby Ryan can make fun of Getzlaf since he just get eliminated today.
All right, Walking Dead, you got me. I'll be back.
I'm developing a higher consciousness. What do u do? Geez
Ready to have a better day(:
- You guys have tried to email me a US return note a couple of times, but I don't receive it? Can i return without?
Senate president says "we are going to continue to find state funding to support the arts!". Dat's what I'm talking' 'bout!
Learn the art of appreciation. You might already possess what you're in search of
Not being able to link with ya main rascal cuz of bs
Oh, you spelt Mr Monroe's name wrong in the header - 'O' instead of 'U' :)
No offense but tell me a time a black movie came out and the theater filled with mindless teens and there parents
I almost didn't graduate because of shit like that & I was late for a exam by 2 min -_+ lol
Lunch of rack shopping and froyo. Can we do this everyday
#prayersgoout to Chardon ohio students, parents, staff &community. Whatever the cause, we have to look out for our youth.
Love your recaps, re: ! Thanks for making my Tuesdays!
Can't wait to get me some games to my ps3 today
Damn my mama just made me cry....telling me about her 2 second husband (my suppose 2 b dad) and how he got killed... ugh
I'm uber spoiled!
we'll get back to you soon! :)
You definitely pulled a Ghandi-esque silent protest Chavo. We were wondering if you'd be dancing with on the PPV.
That thought still in my head & I don't know what to do. I'm confused a'f :-/
c'mon spurs lets go
You know what, Im kinda disappointed in the cartoons nowadays.. They just seem to get more rediculous. They need to bring back the classics.
Oh what will be next up on this movie marathon tonight? Any Suggestions?
Listen to our interview with Paul Irwin on "Indiana This Week" on Saturday at 12 noon. Catholic Radio Indy 89.1.
Obama still more destructive
Don]'t be Boring! People don't talk about boring. ~
Schedule's all messed up this week, except for tomorrow! lol Gunna hit the gym hard! Other than that, I'm free. Hit me up homies!
So not ready for work until 10 tonight :(
They gone get u in trouble....
Its my birthday.
was it worth the $5?
Omg. I can't. Lolololo
Hey so...tell me what's up and why I'm being ignored?
I'm wearing jeans, a Henley tee, and lame FLIP FLOPS. No need for the catcall.
Gunna go eat my weight in cake now. Deuces
Help! Conferences can be overwhelming for first-timers. Have any tips or advice for EMPs on how to make the most of #CAM2012?
Our tech petting zoo events have been super, super popular - we get lots of traffic and LOTS of questions.
She better go! It's about time she & I met live! RT : Good night Jean. Hope to see you at #SMCChicago!
Though his work has sometimes left me cold, I am really feeling the Ellsworth Kelly installation in the MoMA atrium.
What a beautiful day! What are you doing to enjoy this day?
Dallas about to get blown out
Happy Vagina Monologues Day! (observed)
i just hope that you miss me a little when im gone
Seventh Generation Marks 1st Anniversary of Pioneering USDA Biobased Certification
Hope you had a great time!
We're very happy with the response the new single 'Baphomet'
Los Angeles: How do prepare your voice for a performance or presentation? How do you care for your voice afterwards? Share your tips!
come out and stop this, if this dude plays one more waka flocka song I'm fucking him up.
not so far, damn it. Bender needs more beer.
Okay, I gettin scare.....need to go back home
#lgovsm is it training or just help getting started through surgeries etc?
Apparently today is #ChampagneDay ...Enjoyed a sparkling erbaluce because, well, that's what I do
follow us please! :) help out some fellow aspiring rockers!
I need my dream team together now im viben!!!!! 10 songs a week where my squad Lz turner!
Boxers & Big Tee --> Most Comfortable sleepwear Ever !
I feel like I constantly do nothing. Probably because I really do constantly do nothing.
I'm not the one who wants to hurt you.
RT : we are all storytellers. We tell ourselves stories about ourselves to predict our future. Heidi Halvorson
Regional identity quiz! When you see "serrano," what's your first thought: chile or ham?
"It is well that you should often leave off work and take a little relaxation because when you come back to it you are a better judge "
This warren G pandora station is touching my inner 90s thug
This silence is beating so loudly in my mind like a thousand drums out of tune.
I'm starting a collection of epic first lines to books I'll never write.
Official lunch bell ringin' pub patio open. yum yum yum
Playing U2 Beautiful Day and it is...
Can't believe like 8:30am it was only 37 outside!!
Bout to be sent off to twitter jail-damn wish Johnnie Cochran was still alive....brotha might need em.
no sorry it nothing aginst you but I just like being single and I barley know you
Wow! Very interesting find.. have you had anyone else take a look at it yet?
#YouWereCuteUntil u took your make up an hair off
Drummers! If you are free, come down and check out James Gadson tonight at Casa Del Mar (Laura Mace, Johnny Flaugher, me). 8pm, no cover.
Congratulations to a beautiful couple!
Employment is amazing. Hooray.
If the sentence begins with "In Japan...", I know I can't be shocked. It's more like "Oh yeah, of course they have insect porn."
Jamaican me crazy.
insert lucky duck comment here.
Some people make your laugh a little louder, your smile a little brighter, and your life a little better. You're that person.
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb
Stop by in Morris, 304 Liberty St. 60450 for a free #wine tasting with 5 pm - 8 pm.
I admit it, I have a problem. With that being said, when the fuck are u gonna change yours!?
Midtown's National Night Out Against Crime free Festival & Concert, Tues eve Aug 2 Sumpter Park, Roberts St between Eutaw and Bolton
Have you designed a button for our Facebook Button Design Contest yet? Check out our Facebook now for details.
Actually I have 4 tests tomorrow 😏📝
its time to give gomez another shot at being the starting centerfielder
RT : Chun: our desire for friendship as friending is threatening to reduce the internet to gated communities
Going to IHRSA? Stop by and see the new features in EZFacility software
You're more likely to act yourself into feeling than feel yourself into action. So act! Whatever it is you know you should do, do it.
If you step on a fresh park map, it unsticks.
Are you and Austin coming to visit San Antonio? Cause I have a birthday party for y'all to come too<3
#Str8LykeDes.... Gonna go talk with an ole head about some shit...
Come on Kansas, Missouri broke my heart Friday, don't add to it tonight
I'd like to think this is neverending. If I did I'd be pretending... <3
#cosign RT : Word of mouth is great. #Shoutout to the people that refer us.
The reason why tny variance is so retardly high now. We used to play poker...after the flop...
Anxiety is the worst.
Caution: option 3 may confuse you with picasa
Me and chicken go inn on that RT : Someone from PGH sample "I don't like" and shoot the video with me
#teamfollowback I always follow back. CHeck it.
glad to b of help, where r u headed?
That was pretty awesome.
Ruben is waiting to pierce you! And Sterling is out front handing out 20% off jewelry fliers till 6pm!!!!!
Wugazi (Wu-Tang Clan + Fugazi) is currently ruling my world.
GSA Members please help support this Cause! :P
lol stale and yuck
No language can express the power and beauty and heroism of a #mother's #love. - Edwin H. Chapin
Feels so sophisticated today, golf jargon and golf clap.... Don't mind if I do. Thanks Byron.
I am...I hope its not hard
rain rain, go away.. I can get wet in some other ways ;) if ya know wat i mean by dat! (;
thanks for the follow, Farm Food at it's best!
a true icon of the music industry, good that your on this show sir..
One hour fifteen minute wait
No. I can be a paradox. I can be a lazy workaholic.
That's half true, & half me trying to convince myself I like being sober.
Agree to disagree. RT : homeboys lookin old.
really? The only reference I made to any authority was specifically flagged as opinion & applied to disprove your non sequitur.
u btry to make me look bad
Today I will listen to Mariachi music on my commute.
Battle of 2 HCs who still look like they did when they were players UMASS/Drexel goes to and Umass. 2 classy coaches
Ready for tomorrow.
if they do, it's already too late to save them.
I feel you my daawwwggg RT: Yo I really gotta stop saying yo and dog
Nf back boo ;-)
haha good time buddy!
Got the winter blahs...come out to Melange A Trois Happy Hour with 3 guest bartenders, Lynda, Erica, & Brad! It is going to be fun!
sry that u won't c them but I'm happy ur moving 2 Miami I live here and it's alot of fun u won't regret it :)
This format needs to be used in the future on pressing issues and current events/popular topics/issues.
glad to see you are alive! Are your text messages broke?
Thank you :))
Follow to get daily updates on recreation activities !
What a blues lyric!
SO excited!!!!!
Watching Pretty Woman on Bravo! Love this movie.
i without a doubt oppose the idea of hunting an animal for play because what makes an animal any less important than you are
thanks :D
Just watched a senator get put into a jester hat.
Lou Williams beating the Lakers on his own. Sixers being outrebounded 52-26 and still lead by 5 late in the 4th. Wow.
Terrorists went through all the trouble of hijacking a plane to crash it when all they had to do was not turn their iPod off during takeoff
The day you slipped away was the day I found it won't be the same...
college football teams,college football sport news » Blog Archive ...
Don't forget to tweet us about the issue for a chance to win a cash prize!
Just for today I'll concede, gentlemen do prefer blondes. RIP Jane Russell.
That does not sound fun at all.
Not gonna lie after 45 hours of work I wanna go to sleep!
wrong, just because you critcize your own doesn't make you great
S/O to my new followerr goo follow herr
Ah Friday...my second favorite "F" word!
My goal is to have all her guards come down
Thanks to everyone who came up to enjoy the Cooper Mountain / Montinore Estate wine tasting last night. And thank you Pinot for the food!
bruh u have no idea, longest ever #deathofsoundclick&beatleases
Life is better when #confidence is BIGGER. is talkin' about #swagga this morning! BOOM!
no promises!
Dear Elisa, stop being so NEGATIVE! :D lol the truth my ass!
Thank you for your #knowpositive donation!
Why can't people pick up their dang feet when they walk???
How ya like tampa so far?
Watching the game ! The bulls putting in work
granted...all it takes to be more mature than me is to have the maturity level of a 6 year old.
Hey you.
I know! Trader Joe's had some incredible strawberries that I bought yesterday, it sounded like the perfect way to use a box. :D
hi, if you're interested in learning spanish let me know...
My homey C4 just dropped so much knowledge on me about this music business, like a lot of people are gonna learn this stuff the hard way
where have you been all my life?
Why aren't #NBA refs held publicly accountable? No credibility.
Sasha says "Oops, sorry! I had no idea! But thanks for showing some love! Tell your people about us! How was ur experience?"
Dior we only talk shit when we can back it up.
was it god
Please tell me this god retreat is a joke
Tip #67: Do not be intimidated by those that know more than you do. Talk to them. Ask them to share their wisdom with you.
C-A-T-S,Cats,Cats,Cats!!!!! Let's CLOSE the Dore's early and then turnout their LIGHTS!!!!
any time! Gotta get the word out
Was your IMAP to gmail connection working earlier today?
Just got cut off by Rick Ross in a mini van
I wish this tropical storm near New Orleans would skip New Orleans and come to Texas! We need rain!
thank you :)
So Ryan Leaf got arrested AGAIN on another burglary charge a couple days after he made bail on the other burglary charges
The alimentary canal is located in the northern part of Indiana.
Eating dinner
not even close. This semester first. Then summer. And have to finish the diss
Get drunk......stop being the martyred slaves of time,to get absolutely drunk-on wine,poetry,or on virtue, as you please.~C Baudelaire
That moment when you're on the phone with someone, but you're so bored you say, "I'll call you back," and you never do.
Not when I'm trying to concentrate tho lol “: I love music that talks about sex! Lol.”
at the Latina Leadership conf suggests using favorite hashtags like #Latism and of course
Waiting 4 delayed flight at EWR to Syracuse. Continental has mastered time travel. TripAlert tells me departure is 6.02 pm & arrival 5.32 pm
Checking now. Odd. Blister in the sun?
Loving Derek Lowe and that almost-39-yr-old right arm. Lowe and The Tribe shut out Minnesota
- Lovin Happy Monday!
Our skills will be tested tonight.
Bike commuting in the wet and cold is not so dreamy. The upside...I see a shopping spree at REI in the near future!
We'll be performing some new songs
RT : God is coming to replace some things in your life that has worn out!
has finally scheduled Library Camp for Kinders-5th grade! Let the teaching bonanza begin!
Back from the gym.. Bout to do more pushups FUCK IT!!!
Come by tonight a have fun with the Jim Beam Party Girls! 5:30pm- 7:30pm $4 Beam drinks Win prizes, have fun!
Neither Texas, Alaska, nor Florida are surprising.
Oswalt maybe a Phillie. Can't see why we wouldn't waive his no trade clause.
I have been eating a lot tonight
Nordfors: When will connectivity come to Silicon Valley? Eriksson: "Everybody wants connectivity, but nobody wants the towers."
my #Shoutouts miss you too! haha :) soory its been awhile. i been busy.
I'm excited about it. Haven't been this giddy over something in a really long time. :)
If I had last night on video, we'd all be motherfucking millionaires.
Listens to "Crack The Sky" for the first time. Too early to tell... but man, these doods are smart.
#indieview A3: Did I mention that no-fuss NOT pie was for my MIL?
I just found your SlideRocket resume... very inspirational!
That game was off the meter Dallas Mavs all the way Fuck MIAMI NO HEAT heheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheh ......lololololololol
Dinner? Fancy!
U want a trip? I can get with and suggest Guntown.
Sounds good; From where?
No problem. May God bless you and yours!
3:00 is way too early to wake up. Oh well, in about 5 hours, we'll be in Phoenix for #Rockies spring training! Woot!
And you can watch the shoot live through our voyeur cam on June 16th, so excited!
hey hey to you too! found you via the interview you did recently with Entertaining interview - good work!
I just wanna be happy
You should go follow right now! Why? Because they follow everyone back!
Faith Hill 'Come Home' just got branded on
PLEASE JOIN ME AT MY OPEN HOUSE THIS SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 2012 FROM 2PM TO 5PM LOS FELIZ TOWERS 4411 LOS FELIZ BLVD UNIT 405 CROSS STREET...
EVERYONE! We showcased w/ a bit ago...SHE ROCKED! PLEEZZE follow! She acts (4 REAL), sings, and PLAYS! Rare these days! MUCHLUV!
so did kenneth faried
lmao I just wanted to be an ass. :-)
This is the first day of the rest of your life. Make the best of it
You're welcome!
RT : New Beatles cover for " all you need is #bewbluv "
My bad for flooding yall TL just now
Baltimore has EXTREMELY nice incentives to buy homes in "struggling" places. Plus you can adopt a vacant lot for $120 and garden
$100 is alot of money. I don't care how rich you are
Transporting a Chiefs shirt to Broncos country could be dangerous. Don't want u to be branded a Chiefs sympathizer. :)
You never know what you have, until you don't have it anymore.
Science is simply common sense at its best.
It's our regular hours! It really, REALLY sucks here!
said Bono!
- Look at you! All successful and stuff. Great to see you man - drop me a line.
#NorrisColeFacts Norris Cole will end up having more rings than Lebron, even if the Heat win the championship
is celebrating 5 years together with Christopher today...Happy Anniversary HoneyLamb, can't wait to be Mrs. HoneyLamb in 365 days!
why would the O's give him up? What would it take to get him?
Gospel music, the blues, rock and roll, R&B oldies and many more in the MEM area. You can't forget about Beale St. either.
Tnx for the RT and mention. Let me know if I can help with your family search Lots of stuff on my website www.unyg.com
Obama, Romney star power shines on businesses - Charlotte Observer
RT Where will you be next FEB? Could the rumors be true..the next company trip will be to..............HAWAII !!
yea but it immediatly said maddy owen is not available for facetime. you try it
I Wish Money Would Have Sex N My Pocket N Multiply $$$
Some may say my time would be better spent finishing this quarter's assignments instead of shopping for next quarter's books
I like the Burlington, but where's the minibar?
march 1st should be a holiday(:
#WHYiGive We give because our students are learning how empowering it is to be supported by total strangers.
F!...KingJames gets an F becuz when u posses as much talent as he does, free throws should be a gimmie at home
"It is the breaking of life that produces the blessing of life." - Bishop T.D. Jakes Thank you
#CalipariSecrets sent pictures of Bruce Pearls BBQ to Lou Henson
Has anyone seen Abbie Hoffman?
How many people are looking for a good man/woman and how many people are looking for a warm body?
The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who in time of moral crisis preserve their neutrality - Dante
ugh!! i really thought my niece was STAYING over her father house tonight.
tweaking no sugar thing just a little... adding endangered species extreme dark chocolate sweetened with beet sugar... just a square or two
Nice visit with the fam this weekend, but great to be back. What is up with this humidity though? Usually it's worse up there!
West Coast tune into to Watch and VOTE for GO GO GO RACHEL CROW!!!!
You mean you're still on this earth? I need to order up another tornado, then.
No problem boo <3
slavery the video game. LOL What these folk gone come with Next.
The dangers of failing to wrap up for new year celebrations
why cant i just sleep
Shipping, shipping, shipping, oh and more shipping! Tis the season :)
Congrats buddy!
Somebody give this guy some company
Was just at the book signing at Books & Books in Coral Gables; pretty good turnout from my school :)
Yeah. I'll bring it in. I read a review for SS that said "Time to dust off the Wii.." and I thought "so true." I like my PS3!
Message to all gigging musicians. No matter how established, or experienced. REMEMBER, ALWAYS!! scout your venue, & Sound system
Wish I didn't have midterms to study for! MT : Reminder to anyone who hasn't started reading for the wed bookclub
Enjoy the convenience of in-home #fitness equipment with the F7 Fold Away Gym - Save Today!
New CandySwipe Free game comment in the #android market: "Candy swipe is the most addicting funnest game ever!!!!" by Leah
then don't say it
What's you're favorite thing about WebCamWindow?
Early morning skies radiating with color...
this tweet took me about 30 minutes at 3 in the morning just because i had no idea what to say.... Your just that amazing....
Best wake up call ever :P
You go MTM!! I used to be such a morning person but lately I've been a slug...takes me a little to get going in the morning.
RT : T4.1: There is no shame in seeking help. Its the right thing to do.
I don't mess with too many women
I'm loving some of the new changes/upgrades over at CraftIsArt. Thanks,
Might aswell try this twitter thing again
Erasing the MySpace! :) reach me at (818)660-OCHM
chill in like a villain, spicin' up this life of mine.
is that u!?
If you have real internal value, you don't need a loud, expensive imitation ~ Denis Waitley |
Listening to cover to 'OneLessLonelyGirl'<3
#IThankGod for always being there for me to talk to whenever I need to <3
not like you have anything else to do for the next couple weeks
i'mma smack the FUCK out of you.
Well... Looking!! Haha.
haha yes I do
Taking the dog for a walk in the park this afternoon, because it feels like that kind of day.
That's the one!
it's alright. Can't be as bad as MLS live. They are giving us Chicago....
80 something yesterday snow today if the DEVIL ain't working............. Saints we need to PRAY!!!!
honey badger is bad ass.
Needs to talk to
I mean i knew id drink at some point. But frehshman year..? Ahaha wait why am i telling twitter? This is the shit i tell tumbr.
why are cab drivers always on the phone?what if everyone was on the phone while doin there job?
Some sort of evil "energy fairy" came and took all of my energy in the night.
suck my balls!!
Current trend keeps WA temps below normal month of April. "normal" low is now 42 at Sea-Tac/ 37 Olympia. I'd give 3 wks
u can always watch drag racing qualifying on espn2...probably eating glass still better
“No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.” – Napoleon Hill
im watching boy in the strip pajamas.
high school girls mostly freshman.
yes Shauna your bro doing his thing
There's a Full Moon out tonight! Come see all the Moonies at the Cow! Giddy Up!
sir ken robinson: imagination sets us apart from other species.
another wonderful day at twc the place to be!!!
Offering Treatments for hair, body and spirit in the Heart of Hillcrest.
Literacy is tied to: historical context, sociocultural context... What else?
today was pretty fucking great. (:
It's almost game time...I don't know if I can take this!
It's your life.. No excuses.
RIP Junipr Seau, one of the greatest
My nieces make me smile no matter what. Had the best time trying to get our kites to fly.
I wonder if the girls from 16 and pregnant will come with a show called "32 and grandma."
#ParksAndRec ROCKS!!! totally knows why: bit.ly/psVY44 via
Craft show today 2801 Lomas Blvd NE 9AM to 4PM. Left boyfriend to run Soap Shop...........WHAT HAVE I DONE!! HA HA! He better be good!
woah, you just passed a very cool tweet milestone number
if yu dont text me we gone fight
Im following people that's not following me #notwinning about to unfollow all they ass!
How is it? I'm a big Sixpoint fan. Have only had their beers in NYC.
Morning tweople! Help me reach 300 today... pretty please?
please do!
Tannehill strikes me as a reach esp in the first round
Word! Damn the one u gotta pay 4 will change the game!
Just took my 3 year old to his first ever swimming lesson. He loved it!
Combine Bike Riding W. Stops at the Highline
Thanks so much!
White Chocolate Raspberry, Blueberry Cheesecake, Dark Chocolate, Raspberry Lemonade, Salted Caramel...
#imagine austin: this place is about to BLOW ! you: oh really ? *austin winks* -
Had my remaining wisdom teeth taken out today. Without their spiritual guidance, the rest of my teeth will turn to a life of moral turpitude
He had too google that...
We're British, except for Niall.
I CANT DM HIM HE IS NOT FOLLOWIN G ME...
I'm sleepy, goodnightC:
If you live in Wisconsin, for the next few weeks, Obama/Romney can wait. God knows we've waited.
where's that?
Tan is beautiful <3
Say goodbye to that rez “: Thomas Keller = weasel : I always associate use of the phrase "per se" with weaseliness.”
yeah. & yay. Congrats!
RT going to #patsparty to support with the #Hillman from the #hillmanmorningshowwaaf ...GO PATS
I'm at SBCGS Seminar, featuring the
I guess being the innovator of forcing passengers to pay to check bags wasn't the solution American Airlines. Hello Ch. 11!
"HAPPY SWEETEST DAY"... TO ALL :)
Keep the questions coming! talking about innovation in education right now!
Cant wait to see what 2012 has in store for me...
I'm saying. I don't get who makes a wedding between two people all about "Princess" Paige.
RT is the place to be TONITE! is brings you the HOTTEST Cinco de Mayo party!
Garlic chicken and mashed potatoes. Yum. :)
It's usually used to dismiss the whole profession. Most famous example is re: Eve Sedgwick, a scholar I consider a model.
Crazy! Librarians who cover up pictures & words in books or cut away from resources by way of self-censorship!
Why you hate me
Please support the campaign April 1 to highlight the neglect of medical needs of children with autism! Let's get #WhosFoolingWho trending!
lets run of an get married i promice u wot find an betrrt guy thanme
Fellow users: last names that seem to be connected to my suspect followers: Wittorf, Laudon, Lutsuk, Polhemus, Hockenberry, Iyer
thanks! It's downloading now :-)
I cant stand drama and liars and hypocrites. My head is in the mixer.
Echoed from P.J. Clarke's Sidecar via : Why am I not being located
I love LIGHTSKIN
Some people are just too stuck up.
Get up, get down. Put your hands up to the sun.
's good fam
LoooL where R U from then !?😱
To the world you are one person but to me you are the world <3
My first coherent thoughts this Monday morning: Who made this mess? Well, I'M not picking it up!
Paul Ryan: good news: it is not too late to turn this around. 70% Americans believe in American dream; 30% believe in welfare state
hearing em and getting the email piece!
Those are adorable. More than I can spend for this project, but adorable.
ha ha ha ! Amazing !
Thank u!!! Oh, hi there! Our love to your #Greek #American Cafe! Greeting from Athens, GR...
Dre was dannyelles sub in one of her classes today and was talking to her about Bre small world
Omg this chick just walked in wit her daughter and her butt hanging out the bottom of her shorts
woo :) are you planning on it being like a chill party or like ze's bday party lol
Albany sophomore Bailey Hlavacheck repeated as 800, 1,600 & 3,200 champion in the girls Six Rivers meet.
My girlfriend is absolutely amazing. Don't even wanna know where I would be without her. I love you
I like the scouting report. his K:BB ratio is poor. That won't be a problem because the halos don't take a pitches
Triangle Home Movie Day sounds like it was an awesome event! Is it annual?
I looked at online tutoring. I think I need someone in person.
The Skittles definitely won. Not a single one left.
happy mother's day to the greatest (and sometimes craziest) mom in the world! love you!
♡BE YOURSELF♡
how about adding a girl into your guys little hookah bar date?;D
Good day.😊
Preparing to rule the world. Rule the world!
Beautiful day for the #Tigers #Hens game today!
Love the beignet fries !
MEAN GIRL: "I'm sorry for being mean to you but I need some advice. Why doesn't Josh like me?" ME:" Cos your UGLY!"
bet. Or I can dm u my email to send a snippet
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. ~Scott Adams
ok I'm going to work crying like a baby !!!
Last night in 'Cuse.
seriously, you're full of shit. shut up already
I grew up in Silver Spring. Downtown is an abomination to me. I hate it
I only dance for two dollar bills.
Sometimes I wish indian giving were totally acceptable
BUT I have seen the movies. Samesies, right?
Cee Lo is SO Legit right now. Dude's got
God, you have to stop playing these games. Introducing me to all these beautiful women with boyfriends is a tease.
Lying in bed listening to my neighbors fight. There are worse things than being desperately alone. Not being alone, for instance.
Edward ain't here today it's gonna be a boring day :(
U can dish it but ya can't take it....
Of course! Always use tongs that are meant for hookah because they are all metal.Kitchen tongs have harmful chemicals on them
PAD THAI betchhh :-)
Hedo Days - Aug.6/7 Live Band, Kasidie, LifeonTheSwingset,Photo Booth, Toy Lady, Body Painting, 8,000 sq. ft. Play Area, Pig Roast! Join Us!
I am so amped about all of the fantastic finds I've found on Twitter tonight. All of my Plus+ Luv goes out to everyone I am now following!
Confused. Why do I get no results when I search twitter for the #c4l09 hashtag? Google search, limited by site:twitter.com, shows 119 hits.
Thank you so much! Will do! :-)
yea i knw
yeah i guess you're right :)which movie was ur favorite so far?
that's exactly what i was thinking! :)
your tweets are amazing. Enough said.(:
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 60F OVERCAST
This promises to be fun!
love the glass!!!
For some reason I want Austin and Payton to go out
Happy thoughts, happy thoughts...
: Thanks for all the game updates. It was very helpful &
RT : Q2 #libchat it has a text transcript so i dont have to listen to the podcast.
Go get'em! See if you can program some kids.
wow that was the worst interview I ever seen on TV ever regarding kardasians with Jill interview.
sleepy sleepy sleepy
That's great! I'm trying to push myself to do that.
Last night, my wife said, "You're too drunk to read." And I was like, "No, I'm not." And she said, "You're not going to remember it."
That awkward moment when you just got home from softball practice all sweaty and your brothers friends are right there... #OhHeyThere😳
If we do our job right, we can show people what poor children can do - Kaya Henderson
Our sister company, Mediterra Restaurant and Bar is almost finished. We are so excited! Look for our Grand Opening soon!
hehe okay gurrrl, love you too.
Doing the same rethinking. Wonder how long til wunder comes online?
BLAZERS!!!!!!!!!!! I love u. Thank u for saving what was left of the almost worst day of my life!!!
Congratulations to all incoming #MBA students on completing Opening Residency. Looking forward to the start of classes tomorrow.
What's the number to call? can't listen!
So, this vandalism is worthy of coverage but Farmers Market building demolition not so much?
I feel your pain. I once fell asleep on the Green Line for 2 hours, and I still have no idea what happened during that time.
- We would love to have ya!
A great day for the defense bar! The evidence just wasn't there. Kudos to the jury for not being swayed by emotion.
Who is your favorite Villian in a Story?
Insomnia, I hate you so...
Great job last night ladies!Things got really HOT during our Sexy, Art of Seduction Class! If u missed this one, Join us next Monday @ 8:30!
Haha Heather or Maria?
Avatar may be the best movie i have ever seen! Go see it in the theater, 3D if can. Definately lives up to the hype :)
Are we still on for this happy hour at some point?
I don't want my kid to sound too pretentious... maybe Smith or Footman. Or more prestigious? Butler.
Discussing of mapping place and texts; reference to work.
I dnt have no service in Monroe.
Two months in, I'm just pissed off at any suggestion that parents do anything different. Period. Oversensitive, much??!?
Language development, pointing skyward: 12 mo. "Ah-cha!" 18 mo. "Ah-plah!" 20 mo. "Air plane!" 21 mo. "Huge plane!" (or) "Tiny plane!"
dm I am a colleague of Andrew Oppmann's and was about to call him regarding a new Gannett business opportunity. 920-450-5404
Great point clouds made up of red and blue! WILL b a great practice!RT : Purple clouds! Going to be a great morning practice!
K sent!
We can't wait--a great day ahead. #Cochon555 RT : good talk and good luck
Two striker forward. One striker system.
I gave you a shout out and DMed your username to Austin and Cody(:
Franchise too OK with mediocrity RT : u think the lack of accountability w/in the org. is as big an issue as I do?
i dont care about appearance
ok bard, you may be a new staring pitcher,but this isn't your first rodeo. two balks in one inning??? get it together.
ha im such a weirdo, im trying to dance to "Music Sounds Better With You" while im home alone xD
That is actually pretty brilliant!
Baseball Game Today :)
Fletcher says he's led men in combat, has made tough decisions, and can build coalitions.
that's a bummer, wonder what is going on.
Great idea! I think I can do it in less...Providing user friendly accounting services to small businesses everywhere!
Finally getting caught up on The Pitch.
Yes! Got into all my classes!
I swear I text the same 4 people everyday lmao
So happy to be in Costa Rica, an exotic abyss of beautiful foods, vegetables, drinks, and ........ Now where the hell is a McDonald's!
for what?
#entarch < Thanks for the inclusion!
im so confused peytin didnt die?:o
Cool. Which area of DC/VA are you looking at? When are you moving? Send me a DM with the details and I can help you out.
From what I've seen... Need more OJ, Zach & Conley
I lack a prostate, so I morally object to coverage for prostate cancer treatment. Thoughts, Todd?
Monday, monday, monday! Hope everyone had a great weekend enjoying some beautiful weather, finally!
Thompson is introducing his plan to "Restore" America.
RT : approved funding totaling $3.36 Million-pledging to create 168 new jobs & retain 1,421 existing jobs...
I just need some longer earrings & I'm good
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
This is my 600th tweet! Shout out to my awesome mom :D Love you!!!
as the years progressed, his game improved & by his jr/sr year, he was that dude! Adding that mid-range shot, a beast on the boards
Save your heart for someone that's worth dying for. Don't give it away. <3
I can't either D:
simmer down I was kidding
Just returned from 3D camera rig test. Things looking good.....
haha same i LOVED twist and pulse but the twist and pulse dance company are just as good! :) <3
Waving with a sigh at 2011 as it starts to fade away...
Thanks for retweeting!
Looking forward to starting the semester next week!
- Thanks for the update - I am always looking for resources for the writing audience.
RT : Do something unexpectedly nice for someone in your life today.
Ran 6 miles for the first real run after the holiday season! Bring back the great routine!
Surprise run-ins with APU students all OVER the place!
Maybe they could more appropriately leave a couple boxes of Bergers.
Keep Rockin my good man!
lol. I read this tweet, and think "sounds just like ". For good reason, evidently.
The space needle turns 50 on Saturday.
I prefer grumpy old dude w/occasional mild wisdom, but thanks for noticing.
Another sunny day in the third ward. Find us on buffalo and broadway.
Super stoked bout the Hip Hop house party this Friday! Hope to see you there!
Had a great time on the Big Island. Back in Honolulu now. Can't wait to go home to LA. Still dunno when that will be. Soon I hope.
Chef Eric Lee, who delighted us with his creations at the Inspirato house at Mayacama, talks about being on Season 8 of The Next Food Net...
what's going on with u mama?
i wish u were doing ustream:( it makes me upset not being able to see you</3
Reason I cry in yoga usually: 1) Moon is waning (literally yes) 2) Proud of someone I love (or myself) 3) Period 4) Teacher as a true master
& gonna get their near-beer on tonite w/ a SOLD OUT show in Salt Lake City.
sorry I missed it.
I cried when Penni almost died in Bolt. What the hell is wrong with me
Well...gonna crash out! Had a long day! Goodnight
Happy Anniversary to..........me! (and toni)
you comin to madison keezy? Btw I don't pull all my tweets on fb any more
Still a big KY bb fan.
Hair's gone again. My neck is cold.
": More dominant sweep: Thunder over Mavs OR Spurs over Jazz?" Thunder over Mavs. They were the defending champs.
it was your fault
Yes, it was largely focused on mothers. I suggested that there should be dad representation on the panel next time!
NEVER LEAVE ME AGAIN !!!!
I love ya music! Real ish you spittin, fresher than tha rest! Cuz you help me sleep shawty!
Sitting under the dryer with ma rollers on cooking my hair for prom! FABULOUS!
I was talking to him about it. I was like "I love how brittney and she's all over you" he's was like yeah I know lol
Feels like a productive day ahead when u were up before
please #followmerebecca i love you and your songs
thanks Tony!
sexy and they know it.
Amount of hungry senior citizens on the rise
Brock Osweiler is the QB at Arizona State and now will get to learn from Manning. Elway spent a lot of time scouting Osweiler.
Aw poor Olivia! I had such a fuckin headache...But it looks like your state is a lot worse than mine! :O #GetWellSoonHun<3
