Getting ready for today's open house in gated Sun Gate www.new-mexico-home-sales.vom
“Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration” — Thomas Edison
I'll give you a hint "Che faccia Bella!" and we saw it in the theatre ... ?
Wow with one leg this dude kick as in one round
Well, I will definitely check it out. I was hoping for something good.
I'm attending #MW2012, please add me to your list. Thx!
I agree that paras need training in ABA but so do the general and special ed teachers who should be guiding their work.
Clippers or Grizzlies? Who do you have winning?
LADIES NIGHT 2night @ UltraBar!!! VIP 4 LADIES 21 + FREE on Guest List TXT me last minute names for List A.S.A.P. >>> 7034073810
was very tempted, but dry-clean only is a dealbreaker.
when dude bone checks the chicken he's eating.
I dunno dude, math is hard.
Dear straight men. Just because I'm gay does NOT mean I want your dick. You might be cute but I don't want your fucking dick.
"trying to help other teacher via Adobe Connect w/ her's...” try instead — transparent technology, easier to help w problem!
Wearing my new pants from to the gym (:
RT : Partnership with EDWorks and to bring #STEM skills to students via #gaming featured on ...
: It was so good! I spent the weekend reading CLASH OF KINGS on the beach.
Like this new he will break the record for most majors and will do it as a better person
#GhostHunters is presently #20 on Google's Search Trends - that's huge!
what did he do?
even the acting?
Tennessee football officially SUCKS!
you been wack, might send some chicago niggas, get ya kidnapped with ya bitch ass, hit the dryer cause ya washed, splish splash
Aloft tonight come check it $2 Bud Lights & $3 Captains... Hit me up for info @ (602)882-0317 its right by Grigio and In & Out Tempe!!!
Zoo Season is approaching... Are you ready? #ZOOAMP #OKC Tell your favorite artists to come see US in OKLAHOMA!
Hooray! First day of & tour.
Next up: Laura Zebuhr on C19 "friendship albums" of signatures, flowers, verses, acrostics, hair, drawings from
u up boo
to qualify to be a fucking spanish teacher you have to be a fucking dyke!
why is headache
I AM SO PRIZZOUD TO HAVE A COOL FRIEND LIKE ... Get it gurl with that drop into ur splits.. Mhm
Just heard the phils have scored first in 14 of 15 games.
Just got a Pell Grant for $5,550 worth of financial aid from The University of West Florida!!
haha I know right! I was rockin those hearty glasses 😜👍
I'm honestly not sure, cuz I ordered it from my school's cafe. That's all it said on the board. :P
Yes, it should help. I think the label is going for the weight of the album vs. the single(s) pulling the album. Miss picks?
First visit to Case plant in Racine. Awesome!
What a good way to end the day:')
talkin some knowledge right now.
You will look so badass in DRIVE! didn't make me laugh once...and that made me laugh! Looks like a killer performance.
Serching for my lost dog!!!!
Finished the week with a BANG! My piece on SMG PIO Villarreal may not have moved (I still love ya, bro), but it was a top read...
Sorry I somehow missed the birthday wishes! Sadly, no ALA for me this year--maybe next year.
Contemplating whether to upload my I'm so raw freestyle.
YUM! Enjoy your lunch!! :D RT : Monicals for lunch today 8==========D
walked by the lot today. Super pumped.
Ima drag you with me lol RT : to hell you go ! lol
5/19 - Now on stage at Comic Strip Live - It's Late Night!!!
Sad loss of #adriennerich. Keep hearing "fierce" in all the eulogies....
Maybe if I cleaned it I wouldn't hear anything
Be an American....Vote!
We must work to eliminate #petroleum #fuels from use for #transportation, heat and electricity production.
I should totally run for president.
My sisters have me liking Adventure time and Regular show.
the round red fox hopped over the lazy dog.
Hello Kitty is of British nationality there for I think it's only fair the Brits get a pass on this.
Keeping afloat.
hahaha it was all over her it diddnt luk much like his hair tho but still 2 thimbs up to tht lol tht deserves a long laugh
Moving is such a pain BUT we are excited with the new studio in #BerryHill and the new office on
Conjunto Karabali at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, May 15
I want Saturday back <3
Thanks for the follow! I'm going to try my best to make you and show Thursday night
Have you checked out ? We are a great tool for busy moms! Documenting/organizing memories of your kids!
Does that make it swagful? RT : It's both!
needs to be in chicago.
Glad this week is only four days, but annoyed at how the three-day weekend makes everybody scrambled and hectic.
very cool! rt I have 3 bachelor who responded to me and to my tweet.
New #psych :)
Thank you, Avid Builder!! CPS' interactive touchscreen system, SalesTouch, included in 2011 IBS Best of Show; thrilled to be included!
So true RT : He who thinks he can and he who thinks he cannot, are both right via
Sarah ty ty. Gonna go have an affair with my pillow hope my clock doesn't get pissed and go off early.
Photo sharing class is over. Whew! Now must get started on material for Pinterest class. No more procrastinating.
when did you move to Chicago?
is 'bout to do her Model Walk @ the Curvy Revolution Spring Fashion Show!!! @ FLAT 151
Humidity does wonders to my hair!
Matt please speak english <3
nice shirt Austin! lol
How long would you say the tofu takes to freeze/thaw?
Total Vibration » Blog Archive » What You Can Do To Further ...
Movie fact of the week: No one (that is still alive) knows who supplied the voice of God in the epic The Ten Commandments.
best tweet ever.
Monday! EBooks! WCCLS will be lending ebooks and you can download 'em with your library card. bit.ly/bPVzge
R-truth: Crap is crap, and crap is gonna get got(:
Thanks! Had a great time at Looking forward to new adventures here! Let me know if you're ever in the area.
Don't be a pussy when eating pussy
RIP James Q Wilson, a practical social scientist whose work refined, and reinforced the value of, community policing. His impact was great.
Wallpaper pastse is tastier than that, and has fewer g's of suga!
Last tweet I meant as a good thing
Coconut Cake and any latte, just $4.00, available all day!
Love is not rude
We're cooking out at Hunter Park Monday at 7. Join is for the fun! Ultimate Frisbee, kick ball, and more!.
Another day down! More camps on board the 3Adventures Express!
NeNe leaks is a sad example of the black woman. She needs an education! Star should have had the moose jacked up!
Just A Friend by Jasmine V (:
4 years ago Heath Ledger also died from sleeping pils and alcohol. Nothing has changed.
Fair enough! I need to get back out to Colo. sometime. I worked there for a summer a million years ago.
Thank you!
haha we scared the crap out of u
RT Drugs sell themselves. We'll see how much of a hustler you are when you gotta get out here and sell ya music.
Unbelievable match by Chelsea so far. Yes, yes I know the final score will be 287-1 Barcelona, but let me have my moment.
Happy birthing! (Do people say that?!) Good luck and best wishes.
My birthday is only 2 days after #swaggé happy early birthday Alli!!! :)
RT : Brandon Roy sets target date for return: Friday at Toronto. Says he has been cleared to practice Wednesday.
Try looking at all the facts and not just the ones that help your agenda and then you may get on board with us.
Matt Barkley just Tweeted "Yess" Wonder what he means. Patriots? DT going to NFL? Who knows...
Something has to be done about Rickie Weeks. He's not going to bench himself. Please save him from this embarrassment.
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific
happy new's years eve, everyone, be safe tonight, we'll see you next year, Caliburr Records
I need someone to talk to right now. I can't keep bottling shit up like this anymore.
I have seen Titanic a million times, but I have to admit, I am SO excited to go see it again in 3D!
I can lick my elbow. It's not impossible?
Nelda ... a thing of moods and moments
heh, yes, why? i'm popular on the internets, apparently.
Moment ive Been Waiting for
Y'all - at is rockin' his take on half smokes... while they last! I know where I'm eating tonight!
Hey I'm both of my parent's least favorite child sigh.
i CANT BELIEVE THIS!
It's an absolutely beautiful day today! Has Fall arrived! It's so cool, I think I'll work in the gardens today! What a fantastic holiday!
#ThingsIGetAlot....You have the COOLEST CUTEST bedroom EVER ! It needs to be on MTV Cribs lol :-) :-) :-)
Harnish? Is that is name? I mean I like the kid. He's mobile and has a arm but I feel like Keenum would have been a bett ...
I'm doing a presentation on Edmund Spenser in Ireland 2mrw. Thought of my Irish expert Miss Milfriff :-)
G'Day right back at ya! - Hope you're having a good, what is tomorrow morning for me, there in upside-down land.
Joel Ward from GOAT against the Bs to goat against the Rangers.
OK #Patriots - game time - let's pluck those Raven's feathers and send Flacco backo to Maryland!
Hey bored and a little sleeply( if thats a word!)
So Riot Fest,....That Friggin' Ruled!!! Good seeing you guys!
Life is full of twists and turns, one must learn how to navigate. Jesus Christ is the only GPS you should invest in, he gives a lifetime ...
a conservative and Malcolm X a liberal? I would argue the opposite, based on economic strategies, but not sure that their stance on violence
I like a girl who knw a lil sum abt basketball like knwin travelin dnt mean gettin N a car and goin sum where
I don't eva get a " good morning" from ANY of my followers. That's how y'all treatin me now? Did I miss a memo?
Russian officials to be prevented from buying foreign cars
Hope the #HHAwards go fabulously! I don't think I'll be able to stay awake...looking forward to reading the live tweets tomorrow, though!
Special Deal now until Dec 26th, Every $25 Gift Certificate purchased comes with a coupon for a FREE Half Dozen wings!
#removeoneletterfilm He, Little Mermaid
sounds amazing! I hope u had a great time! :)
wish I could go back to New Mexico this weekend. But I have another appointment.
Definitely real life boy !
RT : Friday, I'm going to be celebrating at a party down at ! You should join me!...
Had to make a point Queen...fuckas online get outta line sometime..and gotta be put in their place. TY. RT : <3
Done filming, done Scrooging, all done for the year. Taking a break till next year. Wishing all a glorious new year! :)
I must get there this year!!
i cant stop farting
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Biden doesn't drink b/c of history of alcoholism in his family (Irish Catholics), but otherwise yes.
RT : every day is the saaaaaaaaamee thing
auditions tonight have gone fairly well. met some interesting people. as well as some really strange. wonder who will get cast...?
Damnn it feels good to be a hoosierr
cuz I'm confused how can other ppl that idk comment on my tweets?
that's a draw between and CHICAGO'S finest ! \m/
Yes we have one life to live but its up to you on how u wanna live it. Rather u live it right or not your choice.
thanks, how was your weekend?
I want out of this city there is so much more out there in the world
LOVE! RT : Time for a Spring Sale - Use the code "GrrrSpring" for 10% off all orders till May 6th.
Main thing I wanna do before I die? Make a difference in the world and be remembered forever for it.
The Nate & Diana scene that just happened on #GG.. Oh my. I shouldn't have been thinking those things with my mother less than 5 feet away.
hehe :) I really do enjoy Twitter. I think it's that I talk to people all day and when I get home I feel mostly brain dead.
Check me out. Everything done at work with 8 minutes to spare! lol
NAP TIME!!
Can we initiate the System Restore function on Arizona
I'll be on vacation until Jan. 9, but Leslie in my office will still be around to take calls and emails, and keep up with Twitter and FB
Enjoyed the dolphin game with my better half ! Eventhough we lost, I'm still a true dol-fan! 
. How do we implement this in a way that doesn't allow for site takeovers on a massive scale?
Endorphins are the bomb.
Yea so am I! Ugh! They cancel the good ones and renew the shitty ones! WTF!
for CJ- Meghan Arbegast says hello! Was Picking up tickets to scout Seattle v DC. Pummel Galaxy!
I drink your milkshake.
No Johnny Depp this morning we woke up late, but we're seeing Safe House. And that will do I suppose.
www.shadowglacier.etsy.com come see my shop and work!
people like me commit voter fraud? Ridiculous: I'm part of minority who bother to vote at all.
Merry X-mas! Getting ready for my a christmas story marathon
Santa was alright and new year party was perfect.
try me
just managed to tip my desk chair over backwards....with me in it...THUD!
FUCK JULIUS CAESAR
have you ever wondered why?
I dont ever do these but RIP Steve Jobs.
Good call. Just perfected Frere Jacques. On to Camptown Races.
that is such a wonderful gift. Have a great match tonight.
Promise, its gonna be a long night!:/
Wow she is a cutie :D
If you find a week old bottle of breast milk hiding in the diaper bag DO NOT OPEN IT!!!
latest jokes , tips, sms centre k numbers , NEWS n views , sub hi kuch to hai speeder main to jaldi se reply main likhain FOLLOW Meesa
Thank you! It's truly our pleasure because we LOVE our community!
Check out Fado in Chinatown tomorrow and happy hour for a good cause!! I'll be there at the start of Happy hour!!! Woo Hoo!
scientists are busy working on the bacon machine I asked them for. They will get to your request later.
plzz tweet me back
Good Morning =)
One of life's greatest lessons. RT : Be willing to be misunderstood for long periods of time. Persevere, and you will win
Ever had that feeling you've over-committed yourself? That's my world right now. FYI: Saying "yes" to do things is its own form of OCD.
Just got back from the Avengers. It was hysterical. Go see it—and make sure to stick around till the end of the credits.
RT : has left #MSP airport taking it's place. Pat Hogan, spokesperson for MAC joins
lmao, yeah, on the streets it gets attention because it looks like I'm not even riding a board(x
EPA says, "ENERGY STAR® labeled windows, doors, and skylights are twice as efficient as the average windows manufactured just 10 years ago
Light the match
Tell them #99actors about !!
whoops. Haven't seen your tweets for a while haha, thought u went on twitter vacation or something haba
off early on a friday
And I'm still up cause...
I hope we will all look back at this and have a big laugh.
as an FYI, I just told a group of rowdy women in an office that I beat you to keep you in check. Cool?
Lynch is Top 10 this week. Peterson should be solid as #2.Roddy as #1 WR, Miles against a weak TBB D, Reggie Bush as flex GL!
#ForcesOfNature Maybe one of these new characters has special powers than can kill that freakin savage kantus
i live
life is getting so much better in just a little bit of time.
Oh no, do we have to choose!?
the new French president's first initiative - to introduce subtle errors into the text encoding of all American new web sites and rss feeds
Bored.. Tryna smoke
These last couple uh weeks as a teenager are gonna be spent doing all sorts of retarded teenage shit
Watching "A Capitol Fourth" on WUCF...thanks UCF College Dems for all your tireless work to keep it in the public good! Happy 4th!
I just texted some random assface because you gave me the wrong number. now I look stupid.
One dick, five bitches and they each on it... Straight face, all lips no teeth on it
Gluten allergies aren't so bad when the cure is staying at home and learning wrong science.
You're .. you're ... that wax bottle thing we had today! ^__<3
Damn! I'm back at the dive on Harvard eating. This place is delicious! And to top it off a chama brew I don't see anywhere!
welcome home!
Great photo shoot with Bryan Murray in Bklyn today. Killer photographer & saxophonist.
artists that want to get on a collab spot need to contact my man and he will definitely help u get there
Who knows the website for the gov objectives
Need a new place downtown for lunch?Stop by The Screaming Goat!! A la carte menu gets you exactly what you want at an amazing price!
Kerr &amp; Wagstaffe Firm Says Facebook Incident Has Big Implications
Jason Bay looks as if he has never played baseball in his life.... Horror story.
We love music!
Meow meow meow meow meow meow hates me...
fresh off work.. fresh to the voting polls.
I always crave hot sauce and my mom ate spicy food when she was prego..
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.
the alien iPhone ringtone is trippy......
out of your 16,773 tweets, you have retweeted me twice(: wanna make it 3?
smh i left my headphones at home but ima in a office i be cranking this shit lol
I could murder attention seekers.
HB 1286 passes Senate Business, Labor, and Tech Committee 5-2; now on to Finance.
I really should get out of bed..
hey fuck you
Really love the fact that Randy Wolf has 60 pitches on the 7th!
Everything that the universe stands for is BULLSHIT.
. wrote a fantastic piece on Rookie RT All Locked Up: A personal hair-story.
I'm not in school today that's a beautiful thing lol
#LSUUA LSU has not run vanilla offense until tonight. 3-3 is your result at the half. Let the offense loose and the Tigers win easily!
yeah..picked the 32 bit
I agree these assholes that boo him don't deserve to watch him
Goodnight folks!
hey no problem!
Monday got you down? Time for a little retail therapy! Use promo code FETCH10 to receive 10% off your next purchase!
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-43
I had to exercise the ban user feature. (SMH)
Quantitative vs qualitative measurements
psychoanalytic psychology meets mantis mating: eating mates' head a castration analogue?
Slept on my neck wrong last night.. It hurts really bad! :/ Work 5:30-10:30.
If you asked me to... I just might change my mind.
For those in Santa Fe a beautiful boutique painting, photo and sculpture show to not miss is art Santa Fe.
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. - Nido Qubein
Every time i touch that track it turns into gold.
I miss you more😢 was thinking about you this morning!
Do you brew beer and would like to try some amazing hops in it? let know! they will sell you some and you will love it!
You're the one doin that TOO.
What I want is a cell phone that is powered by a spring, like an old mechanical watch.
I just made a stew in my pressure cooker and nothing blew up.
Looking forward to #Tcamp12. If you see me, ask me about the Public Sector track at , the international Wikimedia conference.
At a house party on Sunday!
Listening to and I'm suddenly in the mood for a big ol steak. Thanks Johnny!
I see why Angry Birds are so popular, I can't stop playing it!
I read at Gamestop that the PS3 release for FF14 is gona be in Novemeber, any truth behind this?
just found your Night Owl 2 album its dope just Downloaded it, what part of vegas you guys from???
Wishing it had snowed a lot more
RT Sometimes little milestones of hope are just enough to get you motivated to keep moving forward
I watched it on Netflix streaming a few months back
Just when I think my day started off bad &/or that I was having a "bad" day & I check Twitter 2 find out my life is not so bad after all. :(
today will be spent recovering from the last 3 days with a pretty stellar boyfriend... 'feeling loved' hangover
Because you can't, you won't, and you don't stop!
umm of course you are gonna be ! :)
please follow me back so I can respond :)
Its time to make it happen
All the older woman say "whitch ever girl gets a hold of you is going to be lucky" so i don't rush anything.
Happy Friday the 13th!
I have no words. Blah.
In this show this 18 yr old dude is fuckin with a 15 yr old girl
#nowplayin... feel it in the air -Beanie..perfect for this NY weather right now
I don't have it and please stop fighting or what ever y'all r doing its not good y'all used to be friends and now what happened
i'd love to come babysit with you!you should probably email via yahoo because im never on this and i wanna see the vow with you!
Girl cant help it She needs more He hasnt found what he's looking for They're still standin in the rain He cant help it & shes just that way
lmao his is too much! Danny someone told me you were bad mouthing me
Draggin this AM. Need coffee. A LOT of it. Now. WHERE IS IT?? We're out...heading next door to McD's! Have a great Hump Day!!
I went from so juicy, to jai single, back to so juicy. & Saturday?
It's Bingo night at Coach's. Is Bingo a big deal right now or something?
💞Happy Mothers Day💞to all of the Mothers out there and also to the single Fathers who play both roles ❤❤❤
Did Penner and Vermette get tossed?
my favorite time of the night, friends is on :D
Happy New Years al. :)
That's Right RT: #interview #internships &
I cant wait for adele to sing
I'm feeling much better, but there's still some discomfort . Thank you for your well wishes. Have a great weekend!
as one of my friends from bk said, "u can take the kid outta brooklyn, but u can't take the bk outta the kid"
i'm trying to get you'r fan mail address ihave like a 6page letter for youthe address ihave i'm going to send it to (: loveyou
i miss you. <3
Wow. I really hope that's not for real (?!)
last 2 weeks of june!
Yes, it is so scary!
Good luck : This should be interesting meeting with Coral Gables officials building and zoning... and maybe more friday 13th
2 games at Petco Park wiffle ball field...2 wins! Looking for the Crew to do the same starting tonight.
good music
Chris got the finger snap! lol.
howr things? heading to St Louis anytime soon?
DONT JUST TWEET IT(:TEXT IT,CALL HER,VIDEO IT,RECORD IT!ALL OF THEM!(:<3 Y'ALL ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER! #StayStrong smile alex
Good girl, gone bad Crooked world, wrong path Right mom, wrong dad -Lil Wayne
What do you call a person who likes to hang around with musicians? A drummer.
Salem Mayor Kim Driscoll will be US Rep John Tierney's guest to State of the Union tonight.
Bout to be Killin zombies with on the 60in.
thats just a little cute <3
:D also name=ALEXLUKE19
deal with this...
rawr, feisty! I like it ;)
wow just saved my choking dog bc she was 2 excited while eating! TY #redcross 4 Dog First Aid! Get yours
I hope you wore some sunblock. And yes, absolutely, there are free seats right in front of me...
Jacking our hair to jesus w/ &
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Clearly I was an egg.
Working late : (
haha dude I miss you, wanna chill Friday ?
I want to make a joke about that new HIV prevention drug and the cloth seats on BART but I don't know if it's in bad taste
haha. No Targets in Dubai, unfortunately. What are you doing in Dubai?
thank you for the wonderful RT!
Shout out to #TeamTipyan if you aint in da team den u must be f*ckin Trippin,Yeah Dey say i get the bait but i aint goin Fishin. -KiddSlim
hot dog race im taking mustard
Keep the followers coming : Gone keep kumin ": S/0 been fucking with the club for years!!""
When I was kidnapped, my parents snapped into action. They rented out my room.
RT : We've invested 15 yrs getting ppl to come to brand websites. Don't be so quick to send them to FB? Link it all together...
yeah I got your email on this. Will let you know if we are interested. Thank you!
I'm just gonna laugh at that
I didn't get enough of in the last 48 hours so were ditching school & going to Starbucks. Minus the ditching school part. ☕
Thank you so much! I'll DM ya later.
Craving for some double stack Oreos :)
10 years ago today we got married! It's been difficult at times but we have turned this into an incredible partnership. I love you Sarah!
OOH... Well different points of view, Now let me look up this Josh...
c'est la vie...
Thanks I just got an idea.
I'm right there with you! Lot on my mind but will take it out on the music only! We'll get thru it together my friend!
oh hey! I thought I saw you! Will try to find you and say hi at the end.
Go follow and tell your friends to follow as well!
The Museum will share highlights of Faith Ringgold’s March 22nd visit. Stayed tuned for photos, video excerpts, and insightful quotes...
I feel bad 4 the models that he misleads cuz these girls have a dream & it's not right
I'm the only one in my house that has a regular box, everyone has the DVR thing lol
Sorry I missed yet another lunch! Totally want to invite myself :)
Don't say mhmm, it's rude... uh huh works better cuz you at least take the effort to open your mouth.
I feel the same way.
hey, you going to #coffeeandcode today?
Don't arrive until midnight on Thurs. Sorry to miss it!
Watching Mission Impossible with the fam.
If your broadband is a problem, or a phone lines what you need.. If you really want your business to grow.. You first must plant the seed.
yep..but mine was already taken :(
It was a great Memorial Day Weekend at Tia's! Thanks to everyone who came in! Its another sunny day in Boston to enjoy our patio!
Fantastic meeting, tour, & tasting at today. Love the focus & discipline. Enjoyed tasting the 2005 and 2008.
Thanx for comin out VA and helping out at Drew Model school.... my lil momma still talks bout her pic wit free
I am so lazy. I need to get in the gym.
#ReadingRascals will be starting soon! Learn how to read in 90 days or less! It's an awesome program that all the little ones will enjoy!
HIRING IT RECRUITER! We are growing fast and are in need of 2 IT recruiters. If you know anyone, send resume to .
"Fouling" LeBron is no way to play defense! RT : Tyson Chandler will be named the NBA Defensive Player of the Year on Wednesday.
#impressed That he's Makin A change..! :)
AP tests... I must break you. (Ivan Drago's accent from Rocky IV)
hey cory how is ur break going so far?
-- FU if you're going home
Just left apple store w/a new....... MacBook Pro.,.,
I don't think I've ever seen the beginning of Weekend at Bernies
How is Arizona? Let us know if you are ever in Seattle!
Thanks! It was fun to do -- and I feel like I learned something about myself in writing it.
Congrats! For a moment I misread Publisher for Punisher. That would be another, equally thrilling I'm sure, story.
heres a pat on the back also for your team, it's nice to see recognitions posted, have a wonderful weekend.
BElieve in YOUrself :)
I need some fresh air, Im going for a midnight jog....
you get everything you need and and want at
no bro, i think u did mind fuck me.
I NEVER MAKE A PROMISE THAT I CANT KEEP
Touchdown nyc!!!landed jfk welcome home to myself!!!
i gotta start openin up more....
Hey , my answer is 300
Unreal!! RT : Should be part of the foundation of the individual's game.
Is this the only bi-partisan session at #aam2012 ?
I admit it, I really like you, but it's not worth it anymore.
A mindless behavior chick RT if u agree
Im bout to start workin out again, 4sure
Bus with police escort headed south on 95 towards stadiums
#idol - Joshua fell back too much into the vibrato. There where some good parts but it wasn't great by any means.
Sunspots that happened at the exact time the Mich v. MichSt. game started? I don't buy it!
#IDontLike When bands sell out
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests
how bout a follow from MLB best player
On another note, why does Biscuit take a ginormous poop right in front me and our neighbor while we're saying hello?
intetesting for show The Walking Dead the zombies have to attend zombie school:-)
Still time to make it to the Wynn to join our 7 pm tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 8:40 pm, start with 10,000 chips.
RT : #EMAC students! Topic for Spring 2011 4372 has been finalized! will be teaching abt social media&online mktg!
frequency is only one factor. Valuable content is still top. Willingness to engage is next on my list
I will watch the #grammys tonight, but only because of the Foo Fighters' many nominations.
Hello Vegas! It's about to get crazy ! #swangers in
I'm just not a cat person haha.
Up and at 'em
This dude - - is tweeting from SPACE. #nbd #FF Scroll through his recent images - so amazing! via
jury has buzzed, indicating they have a verdict, in the Julie Bronson intox assault (of a baby) punishment hearing. Been out 3.5 hours.
& are coming to tonight!
sure! it would be great to connect!
No more renting a tux for me! I have my own now thats whats up thanks for messing up!
I know I got the same email earlier today. Its weird....
Isn't it nice when disseminating a CFP can bring you back in touch with an old colleague? Huzzah for the Interwebs!
Approx 1 in every 16 Chicago voters has had a sensual fantasy involving Carol Moseley Braun.
I never finished that book--thus missed the trippy part, I guess! But he's always interesting, and I love his direct delivery.
This battle in LA is great
released the SBC Basketball Championship Fan Guide. Check it out if you're making the trip to Hot Springs:...
Worst migraine a human can go through
The chick in the thermals has the perfect hairdo for being a bassist
Including people
The was launched in 2010 at the FIFA World Cup in South Africa
is she as gorgeous in person as I think she is?
Allison Cerra at #pii2012: "In the Identity Economy it is trust which matters, not love."
Skype + business = success.
we're are the airport bar
yea me too I'm tired
If it doesn't make money, it doesn't make sense.
im really serious & Selena said no . because yyou have to meet her in real life . she can get in to problems if ii did that.
Thank you very much.
#RIPAngel you'll forever be 's little girl :) 💜
it's Time to start tweeting nonstop.
how is Matt holding up?
don't make me whip you. Get up and go, Tia!
come join love to follow you
Dear neighbor, please turn your shitty music WAY down or off completely. It all sounds the same and it's really annoying. 😡🎵👎
*thinks about it* You might be on to something.
IM BETTER NOW THAT IM TALKING TO MY MEXICAN HOTTIE! I MISS YOU TOO! HOW ARE YOU? :D
Or should I just... Keep on... Chasing... Pavements?
Maybe if you didn't leave you'd have some pastries in your belly right now. SO FULL.
the test yesterday was awesome! Looking forward to the big show!
Are you getting ready for the Chinese New Year? Here are a few tips to make sure Monday brings you the best of luck and fortune!
Make sure to tweet a pic of your fancy hat!
I have that problem too! Ugh.
let's do it!! Hit us up!!
I want some fucking hot wings dude.
Where my #clippers ladies at?? Yall out there??
“: Lmao no idea.” haha on the bright side we will have our shirts ;) lol without a date
Jaerael hit me in the head with my soccer ball. What a bitch.
Dolphins chances of a PR or KR for a TD increased a ton with the drafting of Lamar Miller.
NO BRACES!! #whoopwhoop #ecstatic (:(:
If you can read the trending tweets for #nationalkissday and not laugh, you're a better person than me.
The famous schumi and mika at spa
I haven't seen you in forever
thanks, Chris!!! we're indulging in Kostritzer at the Black Forest tonight if you want to stop by. :)
I am looking forward to my day off tomorrow! But, what a great week! I <3 my new job!
you said yes! Go back to the msgs on fb and read them over lol
About 3 months. I felt lucky!
I wouldnt say sorry to Tami psychotic behind neither O_o.. Kesia just too scary... girl give me my stuff or we finna bang
Please, please tell me "hips that don't lie" is on your resume.
I have yet to smoke weed with a magician that doesn't mention he can make blunts disappear.
My new Brother and Sisters in Christ. Praise God.
Klip Grips votes for the
no he wouldn't thats why he's not a beast like Lesnar
Can someone get me a beer!
Congress should use same health care & retirement system that give to middle class. Not gold plated system have now!
its all G tho its getting to hot to b working up in checkers overnight all the time
Hartford is an example of how pathetically incompetent management can easily destroy a great company. Find out how at bit.lyhttp:///H6vpt3
Where. The. Hell, are all, my clothes?!!?!!?!!???? It's not like I live in a huge house where they can go missing.
awesome. Get her to plug the Brief Candles show at Uptowner this Friday for !
I'm still waiting for my UPS package.
Sources are telling us that the Tiki Barge plans to reopen in April. Spring is nearly upon us.
Today, three people told me I remind them if Adele.... what even?
Weekend of GLUTTONY
I hate those ppl "who are never wrong " haha what a joke love to prove them wrong
Author Gabrielle Burton speaks on her work and life-long fascination with the Donner Party- November 10, 9:30 am in Car Barn 205
RT Great read for all you football and #risk management fans
good answer!
I love the Csikszentmihalyi-like flow that has accompanied me while writing this Information Literacy paper. Passion: I haz it. :)
good night babe!(: I love you
Boys JV Basketball has been canceled today. Practice will resume tomorrow
Come to the only nightclub u should be @ in vegas only
They could have used the help when they were first starting out. So why not try to help some young musicians out. WTF is with some of these
twitter acount got hacked,sorry for the annoying messages
The court shook when he fell RT : I told you bro. You could be the next Reggie Johnson victim.
illustrate follow you if you follow back
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💋
Ecuador convicts local man in US double murder
A genius is a man who can re-wrap a new shirt and not have any pins left over.
My Gods not dead He's surely alive!! #Easter isn't about the bunny! No It's about God,Sending his son to die for us to save us
yes, I would like to know which ones you follow. Thanks
it would be like fate brought us together
I made some last week & chilaquiles so I'm not tripping :p I don't like arroz con leche O.o
Assume the person you are talking to knows nothing about libraries
Hate that i don't have my ipod right now
RT I hope everybody had a happy and safe memorial weekend!! Not over yet!
whoot whoot ! I am your first follower :)
Always! It's the depiction of
Whats going Partner? That kid sounds crazy good. Hit me up with a update today. Craziness happening up here. All good things.
Need to get home and listen to that new ...
Gotta say I've enjoyed the class. So many need to hear this message.
Mountain View is fast paced, a cultural mecca; pure sexy action adventure. But its also fraught with peril, you gotta be street wise here.
"my boyfriend from my childhood dreams - Donnie Wahlberg" ... You and every other 30 yr old female in America... Hahahaha
Why did plants evolve such that they reject the peak spectral output of one of their main power sources?
thank you for life!
WHAT!? she didint get to finish telling me dm!!
Back in the newsroom for a full day of Irene coverage! You can post your storm photos on our home page, select "MyCam" on news12.com.
So pleased to have met these entrepreneurs launch party.
I've seen an odd number of people in airports today traveling with cats in carrier bags....
Oh goodness my stomach hurts
I'm about to tell her she needs to put + on her tele to boost her ratings...
Home from a D&D session that went longer than I wanted to but was generally fun. If nothing else it took my mind off crap I'm dealing with.
Happy birthday Jennifer. May God continue to walk with you, carry you, and help to enjoy many more. U are a true warrior.
that would be the biggest breakthrough in teacher talent retention EVER. I would still be teaching if my admins had met me there.
btw, could you please vote for Jakarta, Indonesia? So Austin can performs here(: it would mean the world to me♥
You're idea for a line up seems like a no-brainer. What's keeping Bochy from trying anything like it?
so sad isn't it? We got that video yesterday morning and people are just OUTRAGED. Glad you're covering it :-)
Distributing Sealogix Fish Oil makes good business sense. www.5StarFishOil.com
I can really see myself on stage pouring my heart out to mi fans one day i will but for now school is my main prioraty #future!!!
Watcing the purdue and ohio state replay #bored #boilerup!
Why're you just absolutely stunning? I just wanna hug you x.x
It's kinda awkward to talk to candidates as both reporter and endorser, but you're saying that's a more honest way to do it?
Around? I'm back.
hey #plone! I know it sucks but please upgrade to plone 4 where you can. We can support so many more issues this way!
nice, back to school? I'm good just getting ready for my move
I have little-to-no tolerance for self-loathing gays who judge others based on their own issues. Don't paint me with your brush.
Who got kicked off Idol?
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me also go to minorityjobs.net Julie minorityjobs.net
Don't forget to respect yourself and love others. Don't let anyone push you into something that is not you.
bring Terry back!!!
Finally finished Cutting for Stone! Next: research for our trip to Istanbul, starting with Pico Iyer's article for
Hey so-called "geeks" who like Lord of the Rings. The guy who watched Star Trek: The Next Generation has you beat.
Nothing's ever as bad as it seems. All bout perspective and attitude.
Lindsay and I spent the whole day watching AVPS. Can't believe HP is over!
#Hater I only have time on the weekends! Lol RT : oh so you're tweeting? Who knew you had an account lmao!?
" Love makes your soul crawl out from it's hiding place." ~Zora Neale Hurston
I have no idea I came in with stomach cramping and I'm apparently a fall risk I guess /:
Aw! Thanks Kelly, he looks happy. ;)
dont let me get in my zone.
just got back from sledding with the family.
That would be on B-3
So very true (although in my childless days I was still mostly sympathetic to the child & parents).
The Way of Most Flesh
To take a break, think like a kid
:( my mom don't like dogs but we have one :)
All of these nursing prerequisite courses are making my head spin. Meh!
Your blog is awesome! Great material... Keep up the good work.
Thanks for sharing my post on taxonomy!
Manage #7: barrier holding you back. Not always 1st step. maybe #7 on task list but holds you back from starting. Confront early on.
Hey Keith, its bella Dyer. Hope you have had a happy new year. keep in touch
If you're in need of a job inbox me your e-mail address. Thanks!
"It can be done." Colin Powell...ending on a positive note. GN
how am I a creeper? Yay I'm loved!:)
Can't help with the cords :/ RT : A merciful god would have created self-lubricating asses and untanglable headphone cords.
Indeed! By the by, have you had a chance to check out Matt Maher's new album? I've listened to just a few songs.
are you leading the session today ? It was great to see you last Fri!
#Medicare Beneficiaries....Would you like home delivery of your diabetic testing supplies? Contact us, we are here to help...
I like the location!
#iipc12 baseball folks, meet in the madison building lobby at 6:15p. Looks like the weather is holding for us.
Dear who ever's reading this, I could be naked right now and you would never know.
what is happening to our language?
Turrels court house is jank. It's a fucking shed.
My dad went to a pychiatrist cause he's depressed and it bad :(
For whoever ordered Pizza Hut using Domino's number, fuck you.
We express our solidarity with the oppressed people of Bahrain that are standing up for their rights&wish for democratic reforms!
lmao my bad
Tip of the day: if you want to be a gansta then alls you got to do is wear some gansta clothing.
what a garbage bowl game 2nite - doesn't mean i'm not firing on it but garbage nonetheless.
Happy Mothers Day!
good night.
About to release a new addition to our website
Hey Joan! So great to see your order come through today. Brought a smile to our faces :) - How are you?
Even though I can't enjoy a drink, I remember all the good times had "back in the day";
you've won a Tier 3 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
with good reason
summer is just around the corner, those are eye catching
very excited about this coming week closing some big sponsorship deal for my fight promotions
Back in spokane goin out for birthday!
what! when!?
"It's a wonderful Life (3:30)" and "White #Christmas(7 pm)" at "Strand in #Shelbyville today! $5 for adults and $3 for children.
Great weekend of shows, thanks to anyone and everyone that came out to see us. You send a tingle up our legs.
Admission to the market is free; come see the wornderful items local Milwaukee artisans have to offer!
Captain Jax making love to pressure! #GoSpursGo!!!
josh whatever noise you just made.....it made my dog bark.
i never wear make-up so to wear it for prom..... i feel weird lol
I thought I was bad at speeches until I heard Bob Ivers horrible grammy speech last night.. wow epic fail!
lol omg. "hello my name is real."
Please let me know what the consensus is on the fitbit. I'd like to know too. :)
i think you should have the role that you have now as playing derwin -funny-
It went really well! Excited to start putting the pieces together.
You're welcome!
Nah but seriously, I never had a boyfriend cuz I was always too shy plus I think a lot of folks in my schools were racist -__- lol
La to the ma. Lama
Yeah, there was an accidental space there.
does this mean we can stop constructing the plexiglass box on your condo roof? ;)
Couldn't. Be. Happier.
I feel that this week is going to be #Epic.I feel good spirits despite this morning a here...just waiting to come out
I wonder if #Obama endorsement of marriage equality is Bush 2004 but in reverse. +
Getting ready for jingle ball!
DOWNLOADING MORE ICONS!
I'm trapped in my bathroom. The cops will not leave. I was watching ESPN and going to Yoga later.
The Window was the most suspenseful of the noir trifecta at Loved Bobby Driscoll, whom I'd only b4 known in So Dear 2 My Heart!
hamsters can only blink 1 eye at a time.
that's n Chicago right
Congrats #HBR on the Webby award! No surprise.
Crazy morning !!
YW, loved reading it!
just sitting on skype all night long <3 how we spent every night for the past 3 weeks <3
I am letting go of some of my bad stuff in order to let in the good things in my life!!!! What about you?
Thank you! I have #foodallergy to wheat and soy, and you use those oils. It would help our community to list all the ingredients.
LIT Like Ssht
Had a great day today!
the intro to over >>
Forbidden fruit taste the sweetest
I take it that you watched the Jiro movie? If so, how was it?
sorry I fell asleep, just answered!
yeah, he's kind of my new obsession. His features are quite different, but awfully attractive.
My new Christmas tradition is buying tamales from So happy to include you wonderful ladies in my holiday celebrations!
Opening mail to find a $562 insurance rebate check just as my neighbor suddenly scream sings Bon Jovi "WOAAH WE'RE HALFWAY THERE WOAHH OHH"
cheers mates!
Cleaning the birds' cages. Hey...that's TWITTER LITTER!! Bwahahha! (sigh)
Thinkin about getting a keek for this trip... Video everything! Ha
Tune in to Simmons College Radio, 24 hours a day while you are at work, at home, or on your iPhone.
You're welcome! You'd be GREAT for the !!!
Can't get it going today
I gets it in all day . All work no Play .
9/30/2010 Small Business News: The White Paper Overview Small Business Trends
Haha how do you forget?! 😝
"We’re all collaborating, all the time" on #prismlaunch -- beautifully written, Dumplin'Boggs!
I just wanna be able to log in at least :/
never taking out my nose ring again, most painful experience of my life
Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be. Impossible = I'm possible!
it's a feeling that can come easy...you need to keep your chin up and keep going, keep fighting...there is a better ending.
NO BO CANUCKSSS
Secret crushes •___"
get outta my lovvvvvy!!!!!!!
true words to live by
i wiped the studio down like it was a dirty baby last night. dr's could operate in that room
whoops, as following you on my other account *allmixedup* I'll get that to you in a jiff :]
RT : Yahoo! doesn't need a new CEO; it needs a time machine.
It's getting heated on came in as the No. 6 QB in AFL History. Should he have been ranked number one?
recommends Lobby Hero at T. Schreiber Studio through November 20th!
That's the motto "As long as my cousins love it its live let it fly fuck it"
I need to get over this, it's not going anywhere clearly...
2 almost empty rooms and abundant processing space on the horizon. Can't wait to get some linear feet under my belt:)
good luck!! Cant wait. 2 see you in lambeau!!
Double D bitch!!!!
Congratulations Justin!
Princess Project Fundraiser tonight at 6pm! Also open for business as usual. 1735 Hancock, San Diego
It's funny how the person you would take a bullet for is usually the one behind the gun. </3
More in reference to the fact I can't feel my legs right now.
Good luck tomorrow.
You are never going to love ne so what's the use. What's the point in playing a game you're going to lose.
girl! But be mad as hell when he think another mf tryna play daddy... "move yo feet, loose yo seat"
I am very proud of this App and my hope is that it helps everyone who needs it.
spread the word of the good. We'll have more for sure. Thanks for playing year one and congrats again on second.
Can someone explain to me why The Middle and Suburgatory don't get more love? They're hilarious. Indiana represent!
Register and attend the expo for the chance to win tickets to the Big Ten Basketball tourney!
aye g add me on tumblr vansndlevis96
pizza and sushi are both at a tie for my favorite foods.
Stop being a drama queen grow up, the world doesn't revolve around you. You're annoying me.
Hall Pass was the funniest movie I have seen in probably a year...definitely recommend seeing it!
I'm a writer, but I'm waiting for inspiration.
#Ithink we can make the world a better place.
I could consume this 3x per day for the rest of my life.
being able to tell residents to GTFO was really nice to do!
Obama comes to Columbia campus this afternoon. Metal barricades everywhere; 21 NYPD on my 2 block walk to work. Wow.
that shit is trending again ?
If you ever wished airbnb was free:
and once again, stapler duty!
am glad I never did the second masters. Not sure it would help my chances in getting a position anyways
It's going to be a good week. Let's make it happen.
welcome to the party with Greenwood...excellent #Ravens target end of 4th
why not let them know on ? #branddrops RT At&T has the worst customer service hands down
day 4 in the studio, finished guitars now moving onto vocals. woo making progress.
Read helpful things there, but also heard some contradicting experiences. Want to make sure I'm not missing something.
possible! i will update you on developments as they happen...also entertaining.
Man wish I could have seen that soccer game
Time to get some ink!
Not jealous. Betrayed.
yes yes we will!! Bahahaha well figure it out
canon's Rebel line falls in that price range. I do not know much about other brands though.
no, really - where the hell did you hide the tweet button?
No strength without pain... No success without struggle...
@ the Library: one of my co-workers overspent her AV budget by $10,000. How do you overspend that badly? $10K is not an oversight.
I'm at Highpoint Furniture Market #hpmkt & thought of you furniture shopping with the designers. I'm sure you're glad it's over!
girl please!!! I don't tweet that much no more, I tumble!!! Oh yeah thumb up for
good1 > “: Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best. -Tim Duncan”
That's a scary thought!!
I look forward to seeing you out on the court more now that your inept coach is gone
just working :) hbu?
RT : I'd use the Liquify tool to lose 20 pounds ;-) > Make that 40!
testing.... #e206 undefined
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, The middle one's for you!
but you'll be there! See you tonight?
I'm trying to follow u but I can't :3
your a big mother fucker . :)
The 6 police vehicles involved in a traffic stop on my street are having a worse friday than me.
This nigga just said "bro , play Booty Me Down" O_O
Wait. Have the dates been released yet? Or.
Yes, me thinks Bill Gates protests 2 much - all scores can & will be FOILed
Way better! ; ) I would love to read that story -- but I can't find it anywhere on the site. Perhaps in print tomorrow?
Hey We Follow You! -->
Where are you headed tonight? Got some CDs for ya :)
I came to this new school strictly for football and college business not for the people so fuck yah! Im
good morning from Dallas!
Just cranked out quite possibly the longest post I've ever written. I blame LOL
Dont cry over the past, its gone. Dont stress about the future, it hasnt arrived. Live in the present and make it beautiful.
Chips and dip>>>
huh, that's weird. just more proof that Koreans excel at amazingness!
It's just movement, don't over think it...
RT Saw A Gr8 Bumper Sticker 2day: What Do God and Obama Have In Common? They DO NOT Have A Birth Certificate LOL -- Please RT!
i dub lovestep .. oh sorry the house shaked so much i couldnt type :S
My mom's favorite ice cream from Sebastian Joe's is _____________.
Go #Texas #Rangers, love underdogs... and 1st time World Series winners...
": Is Petsmart supposed to be Pet Smart or Pets Mart?" I'm pretty sure it's both. Clever
wat do u have degrees in
idk lol if i changed the way i write it people might not like it xD But i'll try that for my next story:D
Which word might this be, Ms. Abroms?
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.'
Head phones and bumpin like i want.... time to get them beats by dre
#newbooks 'A Portrait of The Artist as A Young Man' by James Joyce, 'Disraeli in Love' by Maurice Edelman
Heh. I have no idea what that thing was!
HAPPY EASTER!
recording another edition of #savingstories on on college presidents at
Come on, I use that hashtag ALL the time. RT i will create new ones!
you should buy a lottery ticket from me. I'll sell you a winner! :p
On my way to #NAI2011! 6:30am flight from Reagan in Wash, DC
Niggah On My Son We Gonna Blow
Someone ON TWITTER manipulating my CURSOR as I was slamming anothr #GOP stupid policy: just did it again! TWITTERNAZI hates Progressives!LOL
You'll be kicking yourself if you let today's deal pass you by - 50% off towards ANY salon or spa service at Glow - www.crowdclick.com!
that proves, yet again, that queens is a much more civilized place than manhattan.
Nope, don't think I need any cereal recipes atm. ;D
: What do they serve at #neoprom? Pod Rezt?
Don't handicap your children by making their lives easy. ~Robert A. Heinlein True, but hard to remember sometimes?
RT : Sometimes doors close cause its something better coming< one closed is another open. Always gotta have a positive outlook
I guess it's time to see what Flacco is made of (though I think we know that answer)
This broadcast is terrible #foxsoccer, did they even mention the sub for #sportingkc? I miss
lol that's the main reason why I'm getting distracted. I get too into a song and end up typing the lyric >.< lmfao
Agree! So everyone has homework: promo tweet #K12 #ECOSYS has a new night TUES 8pMDT
morning world
stay beautiful
Thanks for coming this weekend!
BBQ Fundraiser at KDA (780 Vondelpark Dr 80907) Saturday, April 7 Starts at 12pm Come see us and have some yummy BBQ treats!
Hope you're well. Congrats on GreenBiz Forum. 2 of my Social Innovation colleagues recently saw Brian Dunn at BSR. Gr8 wk
Have you noticed that, except for people we work with, we have no idea what our friends' handwriting looks like?
awe lol tommrow I'm gonna make it FUN
#boyceavenue is amazing! Just went to the concert and I LOVE alejandro! :)
doesn't bother me as much. Sandwiches are cute and begging to be diminutized. Hamstrings are another matter.
Just found out If I attend Stetson University I can work as a singing princess in Disney world while in school..def gonna apply there haha
People making out in front of my locker. Mother of god.
hahah hell yes! You are the best man! Thanks so much for coming out!
Which Oscar Party to hit up tonight???
gahhh! dad's in surgery... and its taking forever :(
I saw her mom, Tish, once :)))
Andrew.. sweet Andrew.. will you please.. sugar on top.. marry me.... by Margaret (Sandra Bullock) -The Proposal (movie)
Bestselling author will be featured at the Congressional Black Caucus Conf. in DC & the Bmore Book Festival this weekend.
Good luck, almost done! RT : Thinking of students during (ugh) finals. Hit em outta the park.
'I don't know what I've done. Or if I like what I've begun, but something told me to run. And you know me, it's all or none.' -Where I stood
damn just won blue proto drake with a 76 roll ha!
Lotus flower bomb=<3
cut copy!!! I love Andrew knowton Tuttle!!!
okay now that I can breathe... JACKLYN EWWWW eff him
what bands do you think I should cover?
A must read: The Big Short by Michael Lewis (and all his other books if you have time).
Thx for the article! Plz include a link back to the campaign - it's required for our Creative Commons photo license.
#That70sShow is on. i could watch this show all spring break, and i would definitely consider it a good week.
what a fantastic identity you've created.
LOL I think she's got what it takes ;-). Just in case remember: find a friend make a friend
lmfao and then cry
Very accomplished this week! Mailed Mother's Day packages, birthday presents, and uploaded photos.
well look at that... you guys at NACMA... pretty much rockstars ;)
wat happened to him?
Wait. I thought the First Rule was "Don't cross the streams"
WHAT HOW DO YOU KNOW
your welcome tweet heart 💋
happy birthday to the inspirational !!
Agreed. They force an odd step in the content reading process. Would be great if there were a clear benefit to using...but nope
#thatcamp Bay Area day 2 -- coffee time!
says ... sometimes people make mistakes , and they don't mean to hurt you!! ITS PART OF BEING HUMAN.. We all make mistakes,
Just finished whatching
I wish. I need a day off.
My perfectionism gets me into a lot of trouble.
so, did you miss me today? :p
youre staying up all night?
Given hand wringing over group buying by big media of a certain age, interesting to see offer a '74% off' deal
Sarah why don't GOP try to help Congress, Obama Blaming them when He had the Veto Pin if he didn't like the Bill.
you can fall in love with all The Cab fans! :)
He say its nobody GREATER. HEY
Arrived to NYC on Feb 13 of last year. A year later 14 acting gigs booked. Broke and no money for my valentines! a life of an actor.
The hardest part of acting like you dont care, is knowing how much you actually do.
Don't blame you for putting it off. Blech.
Happy Easter Miami, May you all have a beautiful day surrounded by loving family and special friends. ;-}
Just wait 'til you bite into one of them...
Thank U 4 the inquiry. Please feel free 2 contact us at . We R vry busy rt now! Happy Thanksgiving!
Proud to be a
Yes, I am real! Thanks so much, hope you enjoy :)
Have a safe and fun NYE, everyone! I'm looking forward to a fantastic 2012! See you all on the other side, alive, safe, and happy.
Why you got to be such a hater?
Augmented Reality is going to be a big deal but it is still a young technology.
. taking over Austin....watch out world!
Hot limo drivers on the strip?
Downtown San Diego? Why not come to Dobson's for lunch. www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Lunch_menu At 956 Broadway Circle, next to Horton Plaza
Finally... Back to normal #ESPNisBack!
bounties on my leg, team on my back
One of my students thanked me today for teaching her.
After one very delayed flight, I have finally arrived and settled in Houston for the SMPS Marketing Comm Awards Jury tomorrow. Exciting!
Dex: Love is like a fart, if you have to force it, it's probably shit. Me: OMG...HAHAHAHA I can't stop laughing...... >.<
Games are hot right now, but at a cross roads - erica gansei
Thanks for the RT! Looks like there are multiple sides to the problems of escalating #tuition rates.
I have a colleague who had a girl, then a year later had twins. Three babies, all at once. Can't imagine.
thanks for the shout out! you guys r awesome!
These days are the best..
Are you going to today's #barbecue at country digs?
get that money up girl...,,
yay! It will be good to see you!
The pup is officially down for the count. Can the Devils even it up?
Possible to get BestTechie added in the tech section? Yes/No/Maybe so? ;)
#ttw2011 Language and gesture are closely related in brain - if someone's hands are bound they will speak differently. Michael Schandorf.
And #SEC announcers say it again! What's up with that? It ain't over til it's over! Go #Gamecocks!
Love, n. A temporary insanity curable by marriage. -Ambrose Bierce-
I can't put into words how much sheer joy I have when I get to drive around on forklifts.
Still so sad that I missed last night at Red Palace, but excited for on Friday!
the versions plugin and a little scripting keeps me sane when updating #OAE's deployment list.
Recording session is in progress
your probably stressed about something that you dont realize is stressing
got you bro
*nathaniel ": I freaking hate/love how yayo can make me un-mad at him in person within 3min.."
A decision to restore the $729,750 maximum loan limit on government-backed loans likely will be made by House and Senate leaders
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE!!;)
Well after a 20 point beatdown in Rupp tonight now Florida knows why The Big Blue is #1 !!! Vandy you are NEXT !!! GO CATS !!!
#keywest We play at 4pm at The Gardens Hotel today.
Probably. Plenty of men wrote romance/mystery with female pen names historically
GO 'SKINS!
thank you for the follow :D
I MISS YOU, but I'm not going to text you first cause I wanna see if you miss me more.
any plans to add tablets to your device offerings down the line?
ight tell me wha ya think
the bucks go justin blackmon at #5 b/c he is faster than a greyhound chasing a bunny.
there's a DQ about a halfmile from my house.
when I see Dower tweets like this I feel as if they're from a dad and I'm a child of his previous marriage.
That awkward moment when you laugh so hard, your eyes water and people think you're crying
how are you liking the new twitter interface...?
Shame on you. Ann Romney is a job creator who chose to stay home & hire nannies take care of her kids. It's hard work scheduling the help.
What's not to love about #nflplayoffs?
Wishing our friends a great Opening Night Gala and a sucessful start to the season with Maestro Krzysztof Urbanski!
Ran the White Oak Canyon/Cedar Run loop today. Trails are still snow covered up high.
Haha! Sadly, I don't have the experience level you're looking for. Good luck :)
I think they do. But every fan base has the right to be frustrated with not winning championships. That's the ultimate goal.
I'm taking a half day gotta register Tooty for school
made trout for dinner! 30 minute workout first
looks like I need to change my password.
way to finish em off today man!!! Fun watching u pitch... Also owning with u on 2k12 haha
Me too. All the time! RT sitting in your car until the end of a song
The real close to signing C Turiaf. I guess it beats Eddy Curry.
Favorite sub in spanish class
I hope not. Some times you have to know when to hold em.
#Tribe time now!
you liked monte ball this year...I would think 4 Tds would give him MVP of big ten championship I guess it's still a qb league
Had a great time at the NNEB Reception with Joyce Taylor. More information with the Run on August 5. Cynthia Harris
Really? Damn, what a great photographer ;) Lol, New York is the bommb-digity.. haha
Back safely from off the roof. Fixed the vent, but i'm all cold and wet :( Bedtime.
I wish families would show up on time for a visit instead of having me wait on the south side forever
Thanks David! Hope you had a great Thanksgiving.
the. It must really hurt to know that you never beat us honey bear.
Perhaps a controlled wildfire might be an option?
heard it's gonna be Chili this weekend.... With a side of Crackers..also add some cheese and sour cream.... Yum .. Lol :)
Food Fact of the Day: April 18, 1907, The Fairmont hotel reopened in San Francisco, 1 year after the SF Earthquake of 1906.
So glad you came to the event! Best of luck to you out in the professional PR world!
in 2008, over 11000 #Iowa #kids were victims of child abuse and neglect
And now LMFO with Sory For Party Rocking hooohoowuu
Too Blessed To Be Stressed.
I don't normally want to "choke a bitch" but in her case...I'd like to take a hatchet to it!
Crying does not make you weak it just means you've been strong for to long;
He must be hiding from somebody lol : Damn where my nigga ...my nigga aint tweeted n like some weeks
lol i miss both u guys
Success at the Cincinnati History Library & Archives! Deed for my Stephen Burrows 1815 plus material on my Wersel line.
has been hacked!
if only things were that simple
the consensus at the Collective was to just view rgj in incognito mode.
Not good start of day . Vendor bender with commerical truck , guy acting like I pulled head off his kid !
SAKIRI VODKA Latest news! We are officially announcing that SAKIRI Vodka has been the Vodka provider for the TV Series: WEEDS
Just was on the air with the great Terry Meiners, legend of Louisville radio. Discussed horse breeding and my breeding
yo how are you about to get this paper in...you cant email it to him
i wanna go to #Tahiti !!!
hahah ok , sure
About to make this Oreo cake. Yayy!!
#movember! I am thinking of organizing a #meetup for #movember. Any ideas?
I don't I love em hahah
you're sick
Congrats ROB!
JOIN US THIS FRIDAY @ COLONY FOR THE 4TH ANNUAL "BABES IN TOYLAND" CELEBRITY TOY DRIVE & VIP AFTER PARTY!!
woot woot! Thanks for new follows: ! Help spread the #energyefficiency message to #mke!
Probably shouldn't go. I just get talkative and then sleepy when I drink. And I know someone will draw shit on my face with marker later.
Bailiff asks all spectators to leave courtroom for recess, defendant DiBernardo, visibly shaken, quickly shuffles out of courtroom.
Black Mamba aka "Living Legend" Time go get them!!!!!!
I was just passing through on my way to Wisconsin.
this is ken
I tried out zend studio 7..still based on eclipse and still slow and unusable. ..back to vim for me.
Would really like it to warm up more so I can 1) get on with #SandVolleyball 2) get on the #GolfCourse!!
great picture thanks for sharing!
depends how specialized the position is...I know at UH we have brought in people like web developers from out of town
oh, that's awesome!
Fuck it, Going in the nude. Its too god damn hot in this room -__-
What are we supposed to do NOW? Read some old Daley malapropisms and improvise?
So I'll end up doing a lot more tweeting from this page once I have more followers.
yes sir. Thanks for checking thou honey (:
New Background!! Love it<33 ♥♫
Wait, I'm 46. Am I the oldest person on twitter?
We have just renovated our retail area. Come check it out! While visiting, you might even want to grab a slice of pineapple cream cake.
hello Napier students.I'm writing from New York City! Now stop twittering and go back to class. Oh, it's midnight there? ~Nevermind~
Transform the library to a results focused space!
It's so ironic that the #mbta announces fare hikes on a day when so many people's commutes were so f#%*ed this a.m.
Yeah that's what makes it so amazing!
i like how pronounces "chago"
Can't wait to see do Piper's Pit on #Smackdown Tonight. That guy can still run the mic with ANY superstar EVER!!!!!!!
Thanks for the Prezi demo today
Best wishes to Phil Jackson, Kobe Bryant & the LA Lakers! Thnxs 4 the inspiration, entertainment & back 2 back Championships! UR Hollywood
(We moved everything but email off a while ago, but transferring all that email was a challenge. Props to for making it easy.)
Almost in NYC!
Final song "As" by Stevie, a jam session to talk about
New blog on the way ....
Wanna say thankz 4 all the request and adds be sure 2 check out the music!!!
Yum! Tomorrow is one dollar taco Tuesday's Honolulu by Ward
that is basically what W&M did last year. No complaints yet.
My wife wants to know the significance of the acorn. She is bloody killing me asking about it.
The Lil ladybug is writing a song about standing up to bullies called Believing. It's really good!
Why we can't have nice things. RT In order to quash the anti-transit funding groundswell, we have to quash the anti-tax mentality.
Kitaro all day :)
hanging out with my sister and her husband you?
my status was very simular to mthat yesterday, but well sadi bro.(:
is there anything wrong with eating muffins at 2 in the morning?
I like song and i love song hahaha (:
I'm almost 100% sure I'm ganna be single for the rest of my life... And I'm startin to be 100% ok with that.
Gettin my sleep in now cuz I plan to.b up most of the night studying for this final tomorrow
Is So Trill :p .
intermediate fiction writing, cultural branding, and expressive cultures: sounds. Oh wait, I forgot I have french homework lmao
GOT "NEVA END" BY FUTURE BUMPiNG iN Mi HEAD...
Tell Lee thanks for being an ethical politician. I am SO sick of these 'proclaimed' politicians and preachers.
I would just like to see how that haircut grows out.
Saw you on the cover of SWAT, nice job!!
Truth! Christ says a whole lot more about rich people as sinners than gays as sinners. Actually Christ says 0 about gays.
I never see Sherri =/ ... It's such a weird shift, 1-7
CAVITIES LAST ISSUE OF THE YEAR FROM Marius Zuets "PASSIONATE PAINTER" CHECK IT OUT! BE FOREWARNED, IT IS VERY PORNOGRAPHIC.
I love the sound my phone makes when I send a message(:
So important! MT : we hope high schoolers see benefit of being reliable, accountable to prevent
Really glad you liked it. Again, you gave a great presentation!
I second that my man, I know lots of light skinned peeps and the yaint all dat...LOL
Just cleared a spot for ,
Windows became designed as one giant exe program running. They changed the C language a little. They annoyed gurus. Gurus were wrong.
hell i cnt say da same for ha
That is so stupid....he obviously meant what he said.
#LacyTLA says Memphis is at an advantage b/c we didn't try to be the next Southern silicon valley city like Nashville & ATL
really? how?
Thanks for listening Michelle!
Tell me about it. First time, you tuck that under your right jaw, hop forward, & watch it go...6 feet
I'm upset right now. Motherfucking upset.
Haha, I love how you think everyone loves you when they all hate you. :)
Happy Mother's Day!! I hope it was an amazing day!
New Sneak Peak Album video Touchin Cloudz hit up the page in like 5 min !!!!!!!!! DOEentTV on youtube link comin soon
Apparently, no one missed me by the online marketers...sheesh
big kid was running around the dinner table talking, then just jumped up on mom's lap and started drinking. Freaked me out
Dev guys made excellent progress, esp given minimal reqs... we are just a few (relatively) short steps away from alpha release.
You made a second twitter?
Merry Christmas-Happy Hannukah to all our freinds - ENJOY!
Absolutely! RT : t4: having in-house classes and seminars of pt interest can make up for lack of SM connectivity
my hands smell like bluberry muffin cake donut. \(^_^)/
No computer all day at work and lots of meetings. Hoping I can finally get my new laptop at work tomorrow...
Nick Cant wait to see you guys on ABDC too bad in Canada we have to wait until next Sunday to see it But I bet its good
And, actually, hand-czeching is no longer legal in the NBA. When will government finally catch up to sport's ethical standards?
Down and to the left. Heres the map and the pen, the place you pointed at.
Ariana changed me from a normal girl to a cute little girly girl with red hair, tons of bows, and cute little skirts♥
hala Madrid!! Coming to the USA this summer, can't wait to see CR7 and the best football team in the world
hopes everyone can make it out to Tailgate Tuesday!!! July 6th @ 6 pm! Dan McGujiness on Demonbreun!
Looking for a nice move in GE over the next couple days!!!
did you finally meet ?
have no fear is here! NY trip is in the works.
Why wen niggas take pic they be having they chest poke out n the rest of there body stiff t'f!!!
Line was moving fast but its been moving slow now
making baked ziti that and i saw on #thechew this morning :)
Starbucks Doubleshot Mocha. Mix it with Rumchata.
lol!! You're too cool for school:-)
Is your Foundation still hiring Social Studies MS/HS TEACHERS? UoM/EMU Graduate looking to join you. You know me as SPIKE UofM
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence
It was busy last night, we lucked out and grabbed seats at the bar.
um good, just made it back to #Memphis... How u buddy?
can you change your name please cause i need my name
Lovingly blessed by the steady awakening. All is good. Good night!
thanks girl
It would start to thunder...I pray it don't storm
I'm not as dumb as the look on your face, you'll never be half the man your mama is
has anyone contacted bb and complained about gnat cheating for hours! lets all flood the cbs phone lines! lets make some noise!
Why some dudes shake hands and they hands feel too moisturized? Knuckles yo, knuckles instead... peace
TY for the RTs , , ! Much appreciated. :)
Tweeting&Eating Panelists:
Went to pick up copies of my medical records from my doc & they did not ask for my ID. Definite violation of HIPAA regulations!
what is the one thing I have to see when I visit Australia
I want to have a license to fucking shoot stupid people or at least punch them.
So hyped I recorded dude where's my car.
are performing live in the big room now!
#puthiminabodybag RT : I blame the rival sensei in karate kid for bountygate.
Three MORE I should say!
screw blog tv for the night haha
I would like to send out a very special good morning to my friend
is looking for an Account Executive - Personal Care for our NY office
I'd invest moderately. Tech changes 2 fast 2 put too many eggs in 1 basket. Also privacy concerns continue 2 erode customer trust.
I'm busy now more than ever with work and school so I will be having one of my besties, , helping me. If she'll have me ;)
please follow me(:
Thanks for the follow! Salon Doctor!!!
if it were 3:15 am and I were up the answer to your question would likely be "Skyrim now that comps are done."
very disappointing that Obama did not speak out for protections of land rights, hr and afro and indig leaders
We are still working on launching a major magical app soon - its a paid service but we are working hard to reduce your costs - stay tuned
Want to work at one of #CLE's best bookstores? RT : Loganberry Books is hiring. Send your resumes/letters along.
Lms vs. Eps will institutions let go of ownership and enable students to take ownership
