Kinect allows players to play using gestures and spoken commands, without using any controller at all
because true friends are people you can consider your other half.....
Lean into the discomfort.
Perfect!RT : So glad the #49ers game will fit right between #Gorman-#findlay and #UNLVMBB- #UNM next Saturday! Right ?
Morning dolls
"The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone." - Harriet Beecher Stowe
If that ball was a doughnut J.P. wouldn't have dropped it.
Age you lost virginity? Send pic
Father Schall's "Last Lecture" reinforced the importance of studying Latin and Greek for the last four years
Assured me he wasn't a serial killer, but that's exactly what a serial killer would say
I don't need any more inspiration for my senior project other than graduation.!
I'm so sleepy lolol
No wonder it looked jacked! I knew it would have felt better in 2D.
It post to be hotter tomorrow. Okay...
HE HAS A GIRLFRIEND? oh. well I didn't know this
Evan now is about rooting for teams that play against the Rangers, Knicks and Yanks.His new "adopted" team now is the Devils
Tell ur FAVORITE BARS/RESTAURANTS they get FREE ADVERTISING if they send us their info & website link to RNO4U between now & Dec 1st!
My mom said I can't go out for a month 😪😠 Lol what's a avi ? I've been wondering..
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your children have teenagers of their own
“A man that treats his girl like a Princess shows that he was raised by a Queen.” ~
Ready for
This could appear uncomplicated, but you need to give customers what they want, not what you believe they want.
Today's all ready starting off shitty. Should go back to bed and wake up again...
To all who were spamed via DM, about Godfather when I was hacked!! Please and tell them so. I really am sorry I was hacked!
whats wrong with that? I'm sure if kony smoked weed he wouldn't be as uptight
I believe so. Olive Garden mixes there's with a fruit but if you want, you can sub it for V8 concord raspberry grape juice...
@ my brothers art show.. I'm proud of him doing big things out here!
not their personals. Maybe Braiden's but the other, no. The band will follow you at random times
Aaight, that's fine cause I was Cheating on you Anyway ..
There are incredible restaurants opening all the time. Let us know where you end up next time you're in town.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.⁰ Aesop A #lifecoach becomes an alliance partner.
Going to try and go to sleep... This pain is comming back OMG mii stomach
I'm the kid who blocks there own family members on facebook?
I'm just.... yeah. I need today to be over. Times a million.
FYI ima kill that beat for you bet that
every night lol
Friday..... Tired
"I am confident in my abilities to successfully succeed!" We should all take advice from Spongebob, really.
I just passed by your house. I better see you next time.
I have grand plans for site combining Wikipedia/curatorial/visitor sharing content in one contextualized space.
stopped by school yesterday just because i didnt have to be there
#Health #Tip: Taking a walk? Kick it up a notch with hill work. Short bursts of vigorous exercise may help protect against cell aging.
whhhhoooooooo!!!!!! It's been a longtime
it appears today is that day, the one day a year, where i go to bed at 730pm.
Yes. :) JOHNNY GRUESOME and CARNAGE ROAD were me having fun. The Jake Helman Files is more like my life's work.
Congrats to on winning a Pulitzer! Keep up the great work.
I'm done trying. If you want me in your life, let me know. Bye.
business is great...next time im in MIA
tonight? it said it was in 5 days
when he opens his arms and holds u close 2night, it just wont feel right, cos i can love you more than this! RT if u love this song♥
I hope xD.
Who wants a house mix!?!
Follow me
The Voice. Best TV logo.
WHOO! GO GIANTS!
#CP3 simply amazing
#TY for the
Same outfit as Kate Upton I assume? RT : Just tried doing the cat daddy. Pretty sure I pulled something.
Janz says women's initiative in Bosnia broke the ice needed for peace. supported such measures.
Being that the Lakers won't blow games in crunch time as much as Dallas, I got OKC in 6. Maybe 5.
To accomplish great things, we must not only dream, but plan and act, and most importantly BELIEVE in yourself.
Punk wins! :D
so cute!
Had a great weekend up north!!!! Now back to work, should be an interesting week, but I might learn something...
Yes, I love Madonna classics :)
I'm jealous!
is thinking that I just saw one of the cheesiest soul patches ever.
your a bigger poop head :*
RT if you love those perfect nights when the #Orioles win and the #RedSocks & #Yankees both lose!
i failed at hacking many people so ima stop trying and start throwing their phones instead FAIL!!!!!!!!
The biggest night of music ♫
I FOLLOW BACK YALL!!!!
Congratulations Kelly Scott! I love you and I'm very proud of you!
St. John's hanging w/Miami Hurricanes at halftime...Oh wait. Sorry. It's actually Knicks-Heat. My bad.
AH i have over 30 followers! RT me for more??
Huge footers generally a best practice?
I want to be brave. I want to be strong. I want to believe I'm where I belong.
Three more days until the sports talk revolution begins
What do you wanna bet that the wait times are much longer for cable customers that want to cancel/downgrade than those who want to upgrade?
Omg , iWas So Gone . But So Hype When My High Wore Off -___- Hahaa !
Anyone read Diane di Prima's Memoirs of a Beatnik? Quite something. Like the obverse Anatole Broyard, though even more fictive.
Feasting on Animal Crackers. Where did the monkeys go? Didn't Shirley Temple sing about them being in the group?
I don't care what you say I just can't take you seriously
Yay today is the last day of march lol march was the longest month of my life lol
You definitely took the high road.
Hater! : Nope. “: I want a personalized tag for my car. ISQRTREMY...THAT'S HOT HUH?”
Come on Brewers! Beat the Cubbies!!!!
Francis Gurry, D-G of #WIPO, at #InternetSociety #GlobalINET says purpose of #IPR is not to favor one business model over another.
Canon 5d mark i #itsready question is #whosready? inbox or email
and I trusted you.
Thank you so much! If you have any other subject you would like covered or questions you have please let me know. :)
RT : No one should die because they can not afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. Agree? RT.
Thanks for the retweets!
how are you
come on Prince..... time to shine here!
Melting pot with Happy anniversary baby(:
Ohmygawd the singer is so hawt
loving that song sweet disposition by kade actually hooked me on that band
so glad we're talking bout @ #immvt his work really applicable in k12 & hiEd
No plans for #Easter Sunday? Join us for an a la carte brunch w/ specials including Prime Rib, Lamb Benny and Tuna Nicoise Dial 303.312.3107
US and Brazil both lose. Bummer! Congrats to Japan and Paraguay. A great day for soccer fans!
Movie recommendation is Brad Dourif in "Child's Play"
I wanna go to LSU
ouch. Let me know if I can help!
Happy New Year to you and your families from all of us at Wine-ing on the Weekends!
yo, it's all good. We gonna get up in that ass next time lol
Why, thank you! Yes, it's important to look into a mirror and say self delegating thoughts! Thank you for the reminder. 😏
I am feeling the love from with all the K+ on Thanks So Much you guys!
What is up with all these stupid words being made up?! Can we not speak English?!
Opening Day #TavernoftheGame: Captain's Sports Bar and Grill in Eastman.
can you ask Brandi? Suz is coming but might be late.
It's gonna be a long lazy day ahead.
hmm interesting that is a lot faster
I love Eleanor Holmes Norton.
Arizona and Compton Magic teams win Elite 8 in Glendale Az
Legislature. Citizens from all over the state have commented on fresh and accurate the news stories were during this 90 day session.
Ruffle chips with mustard(: #thebestfoodever!
Today is brought to you by the letter B! Boobs, booty and booze!
well, i'm off to buy some wine. there's no way i'm putting two kitchen chairs together sober.
How long the video has to be?
can't wait to hear
HAVE A GREAT DAY THERE
Content Marketing Tip - Varying Media Types - Don’t just rely on one specific style of delivery for your content
you'll never know unless you ask, Megan!
We really need to figure out who the hacker was. This wasn't appreciated at all k.
Sidney Prescott is my favorite! :)
hey so..your from venezuela ??
Not sure of your taste. Check veareflejos, poboh, and journalofanobody.
I haft to be more sensitive to her heart and feelings.
"The Earth does not belong to us, we belong to the Earth." - bumper sticker on my neighbor's car
Help me get to 50,000 followers by Walking with me on Twitter! ----Follow me--- on the journey Across America and ask others to Follow me 2!
Maybe work on your Spanish?
Can people find you on #Google? can help you with your #SEO and #online #reputation!
shout out to
As long as you know
you won't play will you?
Thank you :)
Titanic in 3D:) with and
Thanks for helping New Orleanians de-stress with $10 #RestorativeYoga classes during the month of May
if you decide to start them, I have the second two in pdf form I can email to you. I read the original fan fic for the 1st
This = Annoying: "Hey Jonathan, did you have a good day?" "Yep." "Are you sure, tell me if you didn't."
Don't shrink to someone else's version of you ... every day presents a new opportunity to be a bigger, bolder, happier you!
I'ma take a shower, I'll call you back when I get out. Try to upload the pics!
She never works out and she's a perfectionist! RT : The fact that follows me makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside
Omg these animals are annoying
#RETWEET IF yu seen BabyBoy PlayersClub Four Brothers and Love and Basketball.♥
One of the first things I say to a girl after I meet her is, "I don't want to be your friend." Would probably sound cooler from someone else
Dream chasing.
back in sunny LA but the weather isn't that different from Michigan. #winter?
I've been thinking about you too much.
drinking champagne, listening to Elvis and folding laundry. What does this mean?!
Hm should I go tomorrow?
teach me how to make some please
Thinking back on #2011 and man it has been a whirl wind of ups and downs ready for
My smiles are not fake...there real, and I always make someone's day by making them smile and laugh. ^_^
Hahaha 10 minute mile is my average. I guess I'm going for distance not so much speed. Miss your face!
www.funformobile.com is the best website for friends, ringtones, full songs, jpgs, gifs, games and much more....
Hey you! How you b?
So I def read what you put on brys wall an I just died laughing ! You made my day ! 😂👍💜
from what I can tell it has to do w/ being more globally flexible...
Store spaghetti or your fav pasta in an old Pringles can.
How about stop the whole "tax the rich shit" because the major globalist elite have all their wealth tax-free , off-shore anyway.
TAYLOR ISSUES<3
That's an Ethan Allen quote, isn't it? - DvL
that will be be what I scream if they don't leave ne alone!!
Bender's awesome.
haha yeah! It's tough work these coaches are killing us
That was simply awesome! Reds leading 8-0.
No SR+ for collecting data and tons of SR+ for anecdotal reports="Data is unnecessary" argument. Need to fix this
Christmas is coming! We hope everyone is getting their last bit of shopping wrapped up and are starting to feel warm and gooey inside.
I'm guessing sales at tech firms...
We think DNS.com's hyperlocal geoIP is a great alternative. If interested, pls DM or email for specs.
I'm all alone at the dog park on a beautiful afternoon (apart from my dogs, that is). Where is everybody?
Working til 8:30 and getting home at 9 sucks... Only 30 min for homework >:|
Ah, there was a spider on my bed :o
I wouldnt worry too much about that Vernon prick, he is a Sun reader after all
I respect that tho lol!! Atleast you can say your team is in the playoffs and that's all that matters in my book
“It is important that you teach your disciples to pray.”
Think outside of the box.Your past is not your friend! It is time to focus on the future! You will have a prosperous day!
Yea I just posted it
Oh, how I miss
who tryna get tatted its serious over here 3106141754
Haha, the more the merrier! Thanks for the help.
Thank god is back on TV in the US. Angry Boys is genius.
hey do u think im hot?
. don't think so...that's just too "frontal". You'd be picking a fight when a smoother approach would suffice .
Put ma phone on silent so i can KO w/ creature 😌💤
I might talk to him
RT : Selecting "Imagine Your Future" essay/video/audio contest was tough yesterday!
Don't forget that the library will be closed tomorrow for spring break, but we'll be open again on Sunday from 10-7. See you then!
awww I miss that little cutie!
bruh! How are you doing
very very legal to do everything besides drink!
So I went to Nye's, thinking I'd finally meet , but alas, not meant to be. Unless she'll be at 's BiblioBash?
with practice I will too lol
- How mundane.
I get confused too haha I'm About to change mine
Drive through when the highway is screwed.
Walkin on the trail exercising
I'm on the mood for a summer rain storm
movie night <3
What's up wit that?!?
Shopping at Smiths just scored me a 50 cent off per gallon discount. Just filled up my whole tank for less than $40. Nice.
AMC aired a new reality show, The Real World: Advertising..err...The Pitch. What were everyone else's thoughts?
Holy cold
absolutely! Was just talking to mum about it today, actually. Don't know when yet tho. Are you working up there again?!
Only one day left to use our 20% Exclusive Facebook Discount Code "facebook2012". Don't hesitate, less than 24 hours left!
loved meeting today. what an inspirational, lovely soul.
So can the US laws be overruled by laws of "a" church? If so what's the difference between the US and Iran?
You're rude and smell
Glad you had a good time - We look forward to seeing you again soon!
Its so different without out a phone...but ill have a new one by Friday
You can dot go with me. Tomorrow afternoon. I'm totes going.
thanks everyones been saying that
": You still mean the world to me, but I've realized you are not worth the pain anymore."
Fuxk the other BS
omg I'm crying from laughing so hard!
I'm sorry, I puked.
Just got back .Sounds like we had some Masters wildness.Was like Easter unplugged .No tweets ,no scores. No charge. Arrrgh.
haha thank God for no more dorm life
What's your advice for fishing the Lower Salt? I'd like to go this week. Where is best place to park?
. guess all that orange is affecting your math skills
For a refreshing change when it comes to managing your business telecoms... Call Globalnet Telecom. 0844 880 2010
now you can enjoy a funfilled summer
i do care... but this is my only twitter account now. ;) what kind of cake was it exactly? sugar free?
Wonkbook: 'Death is very likely the single best invention of life.’
Gracias, mis amigos en España, que son los creadores de la justicia. The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
Food for thought: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.... Think about it.
I swear I be watch t.v with my niece and her cartoons be having us both looking at the t.v like this --> O_O lol
let me know when to be there
hi! :P lol
congratulations to Octavia Spencer for her Oscar win
RT : I did a good 7 journalism internships. And only 2 of them were paid. One of them did pay me in food
mike Sherman
Are you ready for my cookbook, Dalmatian Cooking? Tomorrow is a big day.
Trial starts in case of former SD cop accused of molesting women. Prosecutor says evidence shows guilt on all 21 counts.
I completely agree. It's not nearly a "social" conference, just talks about social.
Good morning and happy Tuesday.
This is it
yea but, you've been liking cheese more
all this super 6D shit in the future. :D
I really want one of those mugs I'm seeing in 's latte art pics, but alas I live too far away to steal one myself.
Someone go to the gym with me tomorrow!
Rally cap!
He's actually only cute by afar or by surprise.. Haha
is tomorrow! Rally your friends and support your favorite charity (us!) as part of our community’s biggest day of giving this year.
thank you! awesome.
Walgreens tryna say my doctor didn't send my papers! Bitch yes they did n I know this cuz I was in the room when he did it!
looking at dates as we speak for a summer getaway to NYC ;) will keep ya posted!
It's been a long time since a fiction book has kept me page turning like Already wanting the next in the series.
What a beautiful evening to enjoy Happy Hour or dinner on our patio! Join us!
posing with a fan Is that guy in the back w/ Nike ready to confiscate that girl's Iphone?
new grill bought, meat, beer...it is game day! go Sporting KC!
I love my livescribe! I use it as an ITRT in planning with teachers. I later print my notes to OneNote and sync these with my Ipad
Thanks for the RT
forget the "snow day dance".... I'm doing the "last day of school dance".
YES! And Adobe has no plans of bringing it all together. They really need some competition.
No, not I Love Lucy, but Amos and Andy! Cain promotes racism yet tells AfrAmericans they are "Brainwashed" 2 vote for
Yes. Now to find the right card with so many options. I'll check into the Business Platinum today. Thx
Awesome article! thank you!!
:Enjoy N.O.! Check out some of the beautiful southern homes.
OK, for sure! See you tomorrow. You joining us for dinner AND the game?
only you would say that Fitzy
Is not life a hundred times too short for us to bore ourselves? Friedrich Nietzsche
I want to celebrate my success, late April or early May. Anyone have any good suggestions?
omg that's going to be me next year girl... I'm investing in mace asap 
you all are!
I wouldn't worry, knowing my cubs so far this season you guys will gain a lead by the seventh. Long season ahead for the cubbies
i dont get it... do people get famous because of how they look or who they know?what happened to talent?!?! smh
RT : We are officially open downtown!!
If we can’t laugh at life, we are in big trouble. How true this is :-)
no huuuuuun, I'm gonna pass, plus I had no idea about lunch.
learning the droid
Sexy and still sensible, at least with her organic food choices. That's one more reason to love
It it just me or does hot chocolate make your pee smell too?
Thanks for the tip. We're just getting started on Twitter as well.
RT : What do you think you should be outsourcing as an entrepreneur? Here are 10 things from -...
Great show!
Cville restaurant friends: Anyone doing dishes that use "holiday" ingredients like eggnog, gingerbread, etc? Or know of any? For a story.
I see your already building are house ;)
Cracking up at these #PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight LMFAOO
I miss when said #hatersgonnahatemahomiesgonnalove </3
they don't want to kill off their total audience all at once with their boring debate format
#OneMillionMoms proves you don't need to b smart in order to reproduce.
Hm i wonder why ;) mr duck face!! As you see in my icon. :P RT : Ooh heads sore this morning!
Heading to Stax Museum in Memphis
if you reading this , go follow ! she's pretty :) SHE'LL FOLLOW BACK
: RT : Another banger in the books w/
RT : Hawks win! Oliver Gabriel scores twice to lead the Hawks to a 3-2 Game 6 win! Game 7 is tomorrow at 5 p.m. local time!
hahaha twins ;P I tried to duct tape it..... That didn't work.
Happy Birthday your graphics have come a long way since 1982 :)
In Media Res asked me to submit something about THE HUNGER GAMES. :: want me to pass it on to you, too?
Sent letter. Yes! Still haven't eaten lunch. Office hours start in 3 minutes. Om nom nom.
My gf comes Thursday, she's so excited
#Royals you forgot to get Dyson home. #yankees v
wise man told me dnt argue wit fools ppl like u from distance cnt tell who is who
Dined o'er a festive week's end Dined with family, dined with friend Dined in public eatery Dined parasitic misery
Join us Sat & Sun 12-6pm for Annual Holiday Open House. Free hot mulled Wine, Food Samples, Wine & merchandise Sales, gift ideas, and more!
back at ya
I hate getting out at 11:30 😡
So I REALLY DONT CARE...I JUST WANT TO GRADUATE AND BE DONE
Kids are finding Stack the Countries to be much harder than Stack the States. That's why we have an old-fashioned invention called a globe!
The "New Mexico 100 years of statehood" insert in the today is awesome! Go get a paper today! A definite must have!
Weekend trip cut short unexpectedly. Not happy about it at all. Now what?
I have a feeling today is gonna suck.
hey stranger!
you cry to fucking much its not my fault you cant man up
how much did you put on him? Bet you were pounding cervazas trying to forget that loss
Just finished filming some comedy with After fourteen pregnancy tests and half a box of Cocoa Puffs - I think we did good.
Babysitting again.
well said!
Thank you - glad you enjoyed the book "Why Forgive?"
Proud that you're going. Sad this is your first game. lol. Have fun!! Brush up on your French curses. :D
Freddie Mercury is one of the best rock n roll singers ever!
Okay So I Need A Crew To Audition With Next Year For ABDC, Who Wants To Join?
i dont want to die in a hole:)
Thanks! Just put one on hold to see if I can figure it out.
no one but they all think they do. Ya they vote but honestly r they botherin nyone by gettin married really!
Roundabouts are such a waste of gas!
It's #SlanderCJWatson Day on the Morning Show... If you still pissed about last night's Bulls Defeat tweet us at !
One problem thought about TNA going live: Is location. I rather see it going on the road, it would help the ratings.
Just drove through what seemed like a thick wall of smoke. Couldn't see in front, no visibility. #baltimore #fire hair smells like fire
. I just unfollowed a few of those tweeps last night.
congrats on five years! Battleship Retention.
:) Happy Friday!
This Hawks/Yotes series is fucking nuts!!! Most entertaining series in the post season so far.
have you found your photo double yet?
I'm curious...why do you say "live" in quotations instead of just live without...makes me think you're not live then lmao!
Just failed my french map test for the second time.
but when you don't even force a guy into a 3-ball count until the 9th, you're not playing big-league ball.
I dont think you're far off there. Wouldn't surprise me.
Im following you:) now you should follow me?
probs gonna loose like 10 followers.
Back from Milwaukee. Loaded with Lakefront and Sprechers and New Glaurus. They focus on drinkability. Such a difference.
Just got done filming our first music video. Stay tuned for the Redemption video coming soon !..!,
Slow dev server is slllllooooowwwww
the dog ate my home food.
Thanks for the mention and the add to yesterdays Cleveland Soldiers Gazette. Very nice.
Ahh!(: only like 6 minute till
congratulations prepare to get spammed with finishline shit in your email bahahaha :)
I see you can sang aight aight! Ha
Good Morning! Today's lunch specials: carne con papas (costa rican style stew), BBQ pulled pork sandwich & Italian Wedding Soup.
r u gonna print it?
follow me please?(:
like walmart and the automobile industry for example.
Laying down a new track!
I used to be #TheHottestGirlinOkolona!!!
Ahwoo! Glad you are enjoying TUG (note the acronym...)
wanna come to deb banquet friday?
Rushing home after #work to make it to for our event w/ M.U.E.A.What am I going to wear?
Why does the moving directv box never hit the corner?
Seriously awesome slices from Vedo's in Shorewood (capitol/Oakland)
I disagree... I need a good laugh.
Thanks! Really great coffee today as usual!
Read list of ingredients RT : 51% of children's food products have fruit on the box but no fruit inside.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It is not wise to have one attorney try to represent both spouses in a divorce even in a mediation setting.
I'm always excited on fridays because of 1 boy & his Ustreams, yep. That's
They installed a soul into Betty
#Cancer the country MB will take you to: Costa Rica
Who is ready for the new album? I know I am :D
I hate when we have to play in OKC
I believe Bobby Petrino when he says his affair ended in February. Its totally normal to take an ex-mistress on a leisurely motorcycle ride.
still haven't finished my project...
wth is that!
You get full access to the site, unlimited downloads for a yr. RT : Hey what's included with your free membership.
boo boo in my belly. ick. gotta stop the writing train from going any further down the tracks tonight. 112k. big day in the AM, stay tuned
Just in time for the Holiday Season! Host a party on nov 11th or 12th and receive and receive $25in passion cash or a Bullet Gift set!!
OMG!!!! I forgot about my white friends! Ally Becky Alanna Megan Sormeh Swisher Noah & Drew. I miss yalllll!!!!:)
i can drop u back whenever bc i gota hit the gym, let u know
Like the 1960's? Then this week is your week: www.midcenturymobler.com
i should be doing my online classes right now
setting up my first twitter account finally lol
Unreal weather in #LA! Oh wait... stuck in the damn office.
i love him.
Michele, Shel, Shelley: live it up girl, it's yo day. Respect.
I just finished your survey, good luck!
HashtagBadAssOverHere! -.- I wish.
I wanna go home ._.
Houston Hoops over South Florida Elite 56-43 (OT)
The only time I need to be at school early, my bus is late. :/
luv you best friend! I luv our talks <3
pahahahaha I can't argue wit that
Lesson from HIMYM: Nothing good happens after 2am
Community Meal tonight at 6:30 and organizational meeting for Occupy Charlottesville.
Welcome to the dark side.
Happy Valentine's Day baby!! ;-)
Tonight at Cool Daddy's, in Myrtle Beach, with: Chinese Fire Drill, Bamboo Forest, and The Slobz. Tickets $5.
I keep asking myself if it's all my fault. I think it is. I gotta do better. More #coffee & less #sleep should be the trick! :D
I hope a Spaniard scores the game winning OT goal against the Caps next round...
Hey, congrats on getting your degree. Very cool, man. Good for you.
Marta Washington's "excellent cake" has ale & yeast! Founding fathers ate their cake & ale too!
i have felt like crap all day....bout to go sleep....tomorrow better be better....
Half of part 6 (of 14) of Big Annual Feature written, which is much more than I expected to get done today.
They might. I look into it once I'm officially a student.
Nightline segment: "Macho men who LOVE cats"
'Hammers and Vogues' by Stalley is probably one of my favorite tracks from him. Definitely one of his best tracks in general, though.
why are u telling me haha?
Dear John :)
I know this sounds awful but it's true, if you receive a gift from me it probably means I didn't want it.
lol , why cant you ?
Re fucking tweet one time : I'll take this past year as a learning experience. Time to grow up.
great! Glad to hear it! Well let's see, I just finished up at my local community college, I'm going to ASU in the fall,
Monday is here already. We're getting your week started right on
I just realized that and 's new cd's both come out on March 27th! Best Buy here I come :)
yes, definitely. I can drop it off this weekend or Monday. Which ever works better for you :)
I just want to get a puppy already so I can name that bitch Sofia >:)
The coast is calling. This I assure you.
Hair is all gone holy hell
Just received a great referral!! Thank you Lisa!!
Hi Chris, thanks for the follow!
We love our Friends of Xactly. Join our FOX program and reap rewards for your support.
You're welcome !
How about an alternate history suspense about the civil rights movement in the Confederate States of America?
- Is it standard practice to not have heard back from anyone at #uverse? Still no resolution since noon today.
oh okay lol. Voting now (:
good girl always always💅
Are there any white female rappers out there? If so I would love to hear your music!
<3 gonna see my baby today <3 :)
Goodluck to my dad starting his new job tomorrow! Cant wait to see whats in store for us!
Yeah, sorry buddy. If you want to make a proof pic. I'll accept it. *shrugs* Gotta be cautious on the web.
Todd: "There is no problem America can't invent its way out of of." We are reinventing healthcare through grassroots mojo.
Gonna get.my haircut n take a drive out of Milwaukee
Thank god it's #AUSTREAM Friday!!!
Folk complaining about TSA, seem to have forgotten about planes crashing into three buildings, 3000+ deaths, shoe and underwear bombers.
Happy best holiday ever from the best Irish American city ever!
Remember to VOTE today!
The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder
Dear Boys, Where Not A Puppet? We Your Girl. Treat Us With Love, Respect, Dignity. Let Us Feel Like Where The Only Girl In The World Love Us
#GoodMorning....ppl..#8dayz to go bare wit it
Amazing!!! Must watch now :)
I'm not even going to lie no I sure didn't will u send me the link again and I will check it out right now!
Time to fucking beg >.<
I can't tell you how many times I start typing a tweet & hit 140 characters half way through my thought and then just say "fuck it!"
just don't regret whatever you do. Because what you chose, was chosen for a reason.
#np Cater 2 U - Destiny's Child.
I've said this before, but they're afflicted with arrogance in victory and fatalism in defeat. That's why the swings are so great
Oh shit, it's Friday.
Over thinking things<<<<
Remember when you said you would protect me no matter what ? You fucking liar .
Rewatched Watchmen last night. It was a bit more comprehensive, which sadly made it a bit less enjoyable.
i have my phone at pool
Thanks for the support !!!!!
Who got money to blow follow back
oh good, thanks. im glad you like it.
needs to come watch football with me #That'dBeSweet
Little goals each and every day leads to great accomplishments
These shoes are pretty amazing. I want to run with them on. So light and springy. Like being on the moon.
Paramount Public Relations is looking to hire an unpaid intern from 9-5 p.m., 15-20 hours a week, or 2-3 days a week. Tasks include writing…
hey follow me plz
Well, the dinos come through these wormhole things. They're secondary to the people plots though.
Common conference theme: RMs need to step up, initiate, be involved upfront in business processes and decision making.
Chester Main 133 regd, plzzz have 350+ ppl by the time I start back day 2
I'll try not to disappoint! lol
stoners watching soccer?...i had no idea. wonder what Jamarcus Russell is watching?
thanks for the follow!
that awk moment when im short with blue eyes and short black hair
if it s sub then to be within IRS guidelines u need to have ur own business and bill them for ur hours. Just a thot
I cant wait for my #nba2k12 update at midnight..
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses. ~Ziggy
I'll thank my mother today for being a pro life 18 yr old woman.
Give gift officers goals for interaxns with donors per month so they have something to strive towards #apra va
Buy her a hair iron; it's the gift that keeps on giving.
it was actually great! Good group, engaged, smart questions... AND they gave me flowers. #RIT rocks!
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I’ve ended up where I needed to be. -Douglas Adams
I have spent 3 hours in a plane but haven't gone anywhere.
(only if we have to ) I mean sounds like fun ! Lol
RT "Be real. Be real time. Social media magic happens when you fix the problem while a guest is still in your care."
This article I was reading was so awful I literally stopped reading after the final punctuation mark.
I was there. Sorry I missed you. You snooze, you loose...but, I got to hug , so, my night was kinda perfect.
Rain rain keep fallin down down down on me. Well MOO MOO, we still have fish a cookin on the grill! Git on down to the Cow now! Giddy Up
I'm happy she found me ;)
Trish I have not been able to retweet your tweets.. Check your privacy settings just BC it's helpful to get feedback that way;)
Love you =/
will you be nice and let me follow again? Tis the season.
isn't bad to masturbate at work or something?
got back from a hottub where i finished by doing 25 pushups on my back porch in the rain naked. appropriate #yolo usage sry im not sry
Morgana, thanks for following!
We want to know where YOU enjoy your #ecigs! @ Vapors Ecigs and share your experience!
There are sockets along the left brick wall if you're looking at the stage. There are a couple of open chairs near them, too.
my favorite of the series.
Just heard #Nickelback is on an area tour.... I find it hard to believe they have 20,000 fans total, let alone in one city!
that's definitely something I would follow. have a great weekend! :)
Lisa's negotiation skills are cracking me up! She took Teresa to the cleaners on those models.
I'm laughing at everyone tweeting "happy birthday," guys his birthday isn't till August
I need to brush my teeth before I make out with morrissey.
I once made #slowcooker chili that had consistency of refried beans. Learned lesson about importance of sufficient liquid!
I can't wait to hear your opinion (good or bad :D). And yes, it's the first one I've written.
Follow the homie --->
Happy Birthday to Johnny Depp ♥, he's my favorite actor! :)
-How exciting!! Can't wait! #fashionstar! xox
ALT, Inc. Introduces High-Efficiency Monolithic LED Driver Technology
People seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character. Emerson -- love this.
Thanks for the follow Matt!
Fish Tacos! Pan-seared cod in butter & jerk seasonings, served on three tortillas with avocado mango coleslaw and cilantro lime sour cream
Chillen on the top floor
oh great I didn't ;))
I used to tell girls I was risk-free when I was in high school
Now taking my 4th dose of Nyquil of the day. Fever's finally gone down. Being sick blows :(
lots of advice! More than 140 characters. Send us an email at and we'll help you out.
Good Morning World lol ; )
you watch that! Don't say anymore. It's recorded.
not shit was good wit you
I try to limit my looking at pictures of you until I notice you changed ur twitcon weeks later
EL and IC was better than I thought. Haven't seen artist yet but the ones I've seen are most average crop in yrs
Where did you go for Spring Break 2012? South Padre Island was ranked #4 in the nation! We had a ton of bookings here!
Ok. Yes, I know Shibuya. At the heart of Tokyo. I'd love to visit it. It looks amazing! It is where Harajuku is.
RT : Happy Women's History Month!
I wish there was a throwback cartoonnetwork channel... Where I could watch Johnny Bravo, Ed Edd and Eddy, and Dexter
Great point! Come see your team lose 1-0, 2-1, 3-2 games! Can't beat that excitement!
I hate this job :(
My first community association meeting in Detroit. Mt Elliot Business & Community people really bring it. I'm so inspired by our neighbors!
That was the best completely random Ric Ocasek sighting I've ever had.
Tmrw anybody else's favorite day of the week?
Marisa is the deal!!! Everyone at northside fiat is happy to help you at anytime, thanks for stopping in
thanks! isn't Pinterest the best? You know there is an app for that? You can enjoy on the iPhone.
Is it just me, or is #Obama2012 sounding like #McCain2008 ? We need a real leader #Romney who will focus on the economy.
People gathered in the rain at Lawrence and Main St. in Smithtown to remember Courtney Sipes in a candlelight vigil 2 yrs. after an accident
G'night Capitan!
I Got Problems Bitch I Don't Have Yellow Eyes 4 No Reason.Its Problems Bitch.
Like which country am I fit to run now that I have seventy pounds of caramel coursing through my veins instead of blood
you can't prove a negative.
Thanks for the RT! - rec'd our club shipment today- can't wait to try the #chenin blanc!
Mel and I will be there...yay
Aw thank you so much!!! You have always been by our side. Can't wait to tackle the travel market together!
spotted on Brady drive by
I know that now -_-
Dear thanks for making so easy to search for your coupons online! saved 40% + 15% instantly in #sandiego mission valley!
Don't feel god:/
nice to meet you to
fuck you. Happy nigga old man
“We are all selfish machines and we all have natural tendencies to want, love, and take”-Vic Fuentes
don't forget W spoke grand words about freedom but supported the Syrian regime, and Lybian
And the verdict is 2 ear infections and a sinus infection... Awesome...
I'm always going to be your second choice friend...what's the point?
Sometimes you don't realize you care for someone, until they stop caring for you.
Idiot says what? Milwaukee DA, but ALSO Milwaukee FBI probe/investigation. Google a beautiful thing. “"
Give me peace. Give me quiet.
Come Get It, I'm At Work.
I WOULD NOT OBJECT TO THIS.
cant wait to see new moon!
It's about finding the moments to really enjoy your life
oh the
My life is perfect with you in it...finally seeing my own potential.
Looking for something to do tonight? Fried Chicken Night
Illusions fade when feelings rise, I push them under as I hide
miss u
I wish Doris Burke would pull a junior seau right now! #toosoon?
Did Newman retire?
Hey followers, in case you missed it, my BFF is officially tweeting. Follow her ass or else.
My personal goals are to be happy, healthy and to be surrounded by loved ones
#420Songs Number 1: Could You Be Loved-Bob Marley Starting with a legend.
I stay in
How come donnie never talks about Jason anymore??...hm...#didsomeonegetcanned?
I actually hate everything
Houston lol duh, its a 2 whole day event :D! Tickets r 159 for both days.
no one has been on for awhile. lolol
Aw! Can you feel the love?! We need to bring our annual conference back to Staunton soon!
#nowplaying Bruce Springsteen
Yeah, on the MLB.tv live look-in I thought I had the wrong game.
USC Master Lease will require USC to make major renovations to Coliseum for 100 Year Anniversary in 2023.
It's not his fault he's outstanding. Also, 30 Rock IS still relevant! Don't be crazypants.
NM Wedding Expo, at Hard Rock - Abq., this Sunday! Fashion shows, experts, 30 Vegas trips ++ prizes. Brides get in free....
How are you combating cabin fever?
Giving Stout a treat EVERY time someone walks by my desk seems to be working! Less nervousness. But now she has a belly FULL of treats.
Wow I felt the shake in DC, but thought I was dreaming so I went back to sleep.......to wake up and it was real........
Darn. Last night w/ before she & Asha leave for a few days. Please let me know next time & I will make it.
I wanna do something different then the other photographers have done! :]
you confuse the shit outta me
Can you do us a favor and spread the word of our premier web-series 9-19-2011 Much thanks - The Casting Office
Explosion! It is 2004 all over again. I hope confidence holds.
For those who missed my birthday for whatever reason you still have a chance to come to my CD RELEASE PARTY @ Encore March 30th 9pm-12am
"Thou must go in To The Lighthouse, Eli!" Tom demanded stonily.
the ridiculous amount of Khloe and Lamar posters that immediately showed up everywhere. And the real estate coverage.
Chewing on the bark as we speak.
50 holdin' the belts like a groupie
#FF Our recent contributors:
Panasonic to Establish Auto Innovation Center in Atlanta - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
Have a wonderful holiday weekend! Is anyone traveling?
kind of late for the beach Chris.
typo in your Salon article. “Minnesota in not Wisconsin"
Realizing I now find classical music so soothing 'cause Mom always had it playing in kitchen while she cooked dinner for us 25+ years ago.
Taste of Pinellas: Blocking off your meditation place, overcharging for years.
That's wussup! RT : oh ok cool. I played guitar on a few tracks.
i hate when i text someone & Dey Dont Text Back -__-
Soups: tortillini brodo, ravioli florentine , Chicken Pastina, Potato bacon, Tomato basil ravioletti, lentil, Split Pea M
Pancakes or eggs and toast? Hm... decisions decisions.
Can we go see the elephants seals at Point Lobos? That's my favorite.
I couldn't agree, she ain't been shit since Full Moon but I think she bout to kill the game again.
I had a dream last night that the Ducks lost and their star player ... wait a minute.
It's the only chance he has at actually getting on base. RT Lean into that, Beckham, it's really the least you could do.
Me! Couldn't put it down. Bingeing right now on neurosurgeon memoirs. Try Keith Black's..and Ben Carson's...
Haven't seen/heard about that. Will have to check it out. Thanks.
Lets GO PACERS!!!!!
STIX the CAT sez, "thanks for the follow Gavin M.R." - from your friend STIX the CAT
Books are for those who wish they were somewhere else.
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned having the attention spam of an ant
Have a moment of silent and prayed from the people of Japan after this tragedy that struck them.
Are you in Indy?
hello pretty lady! :)
Friends, who's going to #sxswi? Doing some research on the panels today & I'm looking for suggestions!
oh alright. WORTHLESS.
Nike should hook up papa Sullinger. Adidas gear? Weak.
Are you in like, season 2?
This weekend is my 10 year high school reunion. That is very strange to me. Considering going, but am unsure.
your the closest to heaven that i'll ever be,
Hey you should produce some minoriteam DVDs for yo peeps over here.
I forgot how horrible at yoga I am. But I love it anyway!
Or, have you seen those new ads that try to make adult diapers look glamorous?
Don't trust her. It's really messy. I made watermelon sorbet once. Tasted amazing, though.
Grr!! Rush hour traffic.
Just left Sea Pearl in Falls Church. It was so delicious. If you're in the area you have to go.
oh Im cool then. Sorry Amir u just cant win.
enjoy your eye candy 👍 lol
Typing a tweet then erasing it...
You can't keep chasing after hoes; hoping you'll find your diamond... it won't work.
Feature: Windows 8 on the desktop—an awkward hybrid
Such a BEAUTIFUL day ☀☀☀
I rely on tweets 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
goes on twitter, check mentions then scrolls down my feed to find #loveyou <3
Free today: We're hosting Nicole Smith, author of Acu-Pass today at 4:30 pm. (1/2)
I wonder what the reaction would be if LeBron missed that shot last night instead of D-Wade.
Concert was amazing. =D
I didn't get the ad slogan "If you don't have an iPhone, you don't have an iPhone" til I got an iPhone. They were right.
EPA announces new law to prevent 22m gallons/yr. of treated #sewage dumped by cruise #ships in #California waters.
WiredIn's pilot is coming soon!! Featuring the band SugarBitch, Group 3 Aviation, Crown Limousine, and more. We'll keep you posted! =)
loved our ladies lunch date!
Make Money with Social Media Webinar at 10 AM today! Join the discussion by adding #ccwebinar to your tweets
Started off Bluff Poker Challengeon Lock Poker by knocking out all 5 of my opponents on a 6-handed Bounty SNG !!!
Don't judge someone's choices, without knowing their reasons. Don't knock someone's Glory, without knowing their story!
- I agree w/ your statement. Especially the case in America. At least in my purview.
have you ever sat with your headphones in without playing music for a half hour? ..yeah, me neither.
These cst's are a piece of cake  lol
Still geeked the Lakers lost last night!!!!
NEW CASH CLOWN RACKS N BANDS FT CAP1
Song of the Day: Good times by The Stone Roses
Ariana is Gorgeous ♥ Best Brother Frankie ♥
yo thanks for the tweet-out
Do not meditate on negative thoughts, accept them and focus on the positive.
come get me
Thanks Noah. It's a collaboration. :) RT : you are tackling an AWESOME challenge! Here's hoping culture cooperates!
indeed. Staying out of trouble?
thanks Lil man
Got A Tennis Court Rotten Cuz Its waitin For Serena
I'm good
is on Tahoe time.
they are right about us being good in bed...
“: Yard Sale in the Sky day 2. Stop by, we are out back at Jos.
a modest 1,000. I'm desperately trying to focus on consistently hitting it!
thinks 8am finals are the biggest bunch of bullshit there ever has been.
Good morning friends! Another crazy day of shooting yesterday...and today...and tomorrow...
If you like jazz and hip-hop, you have to check out the Shaolin Jazz mashup. So smooth.
um on yo trail follow back appreciated!!!
Hey go to Itunes and Get the Podcast from Bill Winston on The Law of Confession will you! Do it NOW Steven.
Football lives on and so will the Lombardi when it stays in Green Bay!
Life after EAST: what are my fellow EAST-ers doing on this gray warm Monday?
All 4 #GOP US Presidential candidates say they are against #SOPA in #CNNdebate. CNN (Time-Warner) "moderator" argues for #SOPA for Hollywood
wifi on the plane; just paid $5 to tell you all this. that is all.
Thank you for not making it 31.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it. ~ Lou Holtz
Let's see if GTown can pull one out against a tough Marquette team.
What did the times think you made up?
Lakerholicz: >...Next season. And announcers are employed by team, not network. ...<when does the time warner cable contract begin?
is the best friend that I could ever have in the entire world.
Bueno a bañarme y al cole,bye bye!!
Is there a way to save youtube videos to an ipad for watching on an airplane?
The reference is just non stop lately. I haven't processed anything in something like 2 weeks.
switched to the oregon vs stanford game
#ThingsiThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I Wonder If She'll Reply????
LOL... me to.. Cant wait to St Patty Day
" Recreational swimmers good physical shape caucasian, asian, male/females 25-40 yrs. & Gymnast too! "
lol ill have basic in a month! Im milking it while I can! Hahahaha
I hope we never have her again. Well actually the class messing with her is funny so I hope we do
Had an AMAZING time at The Spa Bar tonight! Another FAB 40 Birthday Celebration!
Canada says it is withdrawing from Kyoto Protocol pact on climate change... They for one WELCOME global warming !
It seems like today, I really have to clean my room. It looks like total and utter crap right now.
. Help get a #VAGOP majority in the Senate with your vote TODAY,
agreed, yet somehow voters keep rewarding it. Hope this year is different for a few candidates on the ballot
RT : Andrew Abbot at U Chicago has a great survey of various crises of academic publushing.
Medicated out of my mind on MMJ & Watson while @ movies seeing "21 Jump Street" etc on a rainy #FF Friday the 13th , please smoke cannabis!
Hey #EMAC students - be sure to check your UTD email. Important info re: summer/fall registration went out today!
y'all made fnl great tonight!
About to run a marathon! Starting with these first 2 miles. I'll work the rest in over the next couple of weeks.
Merry Christmas to / Have a super year in
thanks so much. Check out my other line, too!
Nothing like a Dunkin Donuts sugar high to power me thru the AM thanks !
Testing a Post to Twitter via API
To me they have boring ass players
According to t.v. broadcast, Prince Fielder thinks it's 'unlikely' he'll be back with the #Brewers next year.
I think #Oomf doesn't even have a team either that or they're not in the playoffs..so were just gonna label him a hater
she did the same to me twice lol she truly knows how to interact wit her fans :)
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Washington County until 03:30 PM
M's win. Nice.
When people assume the wrong shit about you <<<
Check out our WESA and January Stock Show Specials online today!! www.hotelvq.com **See you soon & Happy New Year!**
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: $1 off Buckets of BBQ Ribs and Broasted Chicken
I'm gonna kill this dumb tweeker bitch!
In 2008 #France was the 1st country to answer the 's call to protect its ships. That is how the EU Atalanta operation started
have fun
Only 4 more days of school! Not that Im counting down or anything :)
no hating here. Somebody's gotta do it.
I'm thinking lunch already, what's for lunch today #Indy? I'm thinking sounds good!
T. J. 5 more games from him like that and we hang #8 !
Charter school rules being discussed at State Board meeting. DESE counsel Mark Van Zandt praising MCPSA's work with the Department on rule
A moment of silence for those who have fallen in the service of their country and pray for a future without the need for war.
First run in over a month. Felt amazing. Also felt like it was probably only a mile and a half.
Counting the cars on the new jersey turnpike #paul simon #like crazy
Thanks and thanks for the awesome spreadsheet.
that's how much it is here :/
Hey, TECO Peoples Gas, hanging up on us = #worstcustomerservice move ever.
Check out our Trappist Beer Tasting Wed 2/22. This one's at Strictly Discs - we'll spin vinyl while tasting 8 of the world's best beers.
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy..
Did you know that on this day in 1925 Ty Cobb went 6 for 6?
Want to do something special for your spouse?
#ImMadBecause your a douche to my best friend
right, but for most people, college sports arent training for professional sports. I'd like to see big time college sports 1/2
Hey guys, we're selling tickets to our next show at The Double Fisted Music Festival. $10 each. Message us if you want one!
Hi Frank! I'm becoming more of a #MarkLogic geek and less a traditional librarian.
Last call!
Earl Grey in my travel mug, working on more #WestTexasinterviews at the library this afternoon.
Ok wait, #NP "Natural Blues" Moby
Don't fuck with someone's relationship, because you can't get one.
yeahh. I'm far from everything :/
I think the last R&B banger was that Elle Varner and to a degree, that Lupe with Trey "Out Of My Head"
Thanks for tuning in. You have very nice, balanced branding as well. Happy Holidays.
Ghost in bitly servers as it were Scott. Works now here too.
How are you doing? Miss you
omg. Are you ever happy or has someone stolen your account? Everyone --- let's cheer up Adam.
Read My Mind is one of my favorites:)
lol truee but you like it doe
Getting ready for an interesting day and learning new strategies at #IntelVisionary conference.
Technically challenging, that is.
Live music is happening NOW !! With Josh Goode;)
no problem! :D
Heading back to #Denver after a fun few days in #Dayton for
RT Party Like a Rockstar, Party Like Rock Star, totally dude! #ChaChaNYE . 6 more chances to win! RT to win tickets to
I'm really disappointed in Ryan Braun right now. I hope this isn't true.
Lots of money to be made on instability though...
Neighborhood garage refridgerator beer thieves foiled last night. D'oh! Somewhere 2 teens having a long day
Work as if it was your first day. Forgive as soon as possible. Love without boundaries... Laugh without control and never stop smiling.
Those pancakes were real good :)
I wish I could watch the laker game #DamnVeryTrue 😔
ha lets see how long the lakers stay in
Thank you for the FF! XO J
so cute, you two!
Everyone downtown is hipster as fuck.
Hope to see you at the BBQ Cookoff at the Midtown Street Fair in a few hours. We can't wait!
Will do!
she looks pretty hot at night.
Had a good weekend :). Now time to go home & be bored. Lol
I got this music Shit I slap it. If you believe in us now we won't let you down later
that would be great! Let's coordinate via email!
Austin Fifrick with a perfect sacrifice bunt that he was able to beat out for a single.
OK, about to make some serious moves in the next 15 minutes!
sending u my warmest hellos Julie :)
It's not meant to be a slight - sometimes we're ready in some markets ahead of others - why wait?
Night Flight
Great glove. Doesn't belong at #2 or batting RISP late. RT : Brendan Ryan demonstrating why he can hit .190 and get away with it
When redesigning your home, don't forget about the lighting. Add accent lamps or wall sconces for a quick change.
happy saturday! <3 1st and Vine
Shooting with Kale at City Model Management today. Looking forward to some great studio work.
I'm 4 times on my TL... Fuck it's dead
It sounds right up my alley. Red is my favorite neutral.
oh. I've been wondering..
😜 RT “My body is a temple...that happens to be able to get me free Patron shots at the bar” haha
oh no...sure humor me this morning..
dirty minds...
16? How did you learn to make good beats so young? lol, Congrats bro! Celebrate!
is talking to old friends
which one??
Red-winged blackbirds have returned to Druid Hill Park.
Real men always have time for their woman. No matter what, even if hes busy, he'll find a way to make time for her.
Online? Sure. I only give out a set number of non-family hugs in a year. This year I'm up to two. Last year was four.
Since when did Twitter take the place of texting and emailing...if u want to have a conversation with one person Twitter isn't the place
FaceTime me if ur not to tired. You will just watch me eat!! Lol or hit me you 2morrow!
Is lookin and feelin like a million$$$
If a 17 year old is too young to legally have sex how is a 14 year old mature enough for a life sentence?
lol definitely not they don't look fun at all to me
Bummer to hear via that is shutting down.
Commuters!!! The Fog Dog is out there again this morning - don't get bit - leave early and use extra caution on those San Diego Freeways.
u first :)
FEELIN REAL LOADED RITE NOW!!
Ha. Probably not. I'll probably get 4 good hours & then be awake again. Always happens to me! Blah! x
omg stupid I was all worried. Geez that sux I'm sorry girl
Why is the internet always 100% more interesting when you have homework?
I've lost her now for sure, I won't see her no more. :'( I don't want it to come to that. I love this girl! gosh don't let it come to that
i won't text you first i won't text you first i won't text you first i won't text you first i won't text you first i won't text you first..
42? It makes sense. They are the answer.
Thanks dude! We're actually just finishing up rebuilding it, so you caught us at a good time! Hope ya keep diggin it!
so do you need pictures or like idk what you put in a collage?
he's probs signed tho. cause like, yeah.
We hope all is well!
Secret life of the American teenager: I'm Ashley, my sisters name is Aimee, she has a baby... Its like the show was written about me!
HAHA! YOUR SO TOUGH! COME AT ME BRO!
ah my favorite hair style haha yayayayay
aww kendall she is so cute i just wanna hold her so bad so cute
I didn't notice you!
Chivalry isn't dead...it jus hurt his back holdin all those doors open, n he's waitin 4 his workers comp 2 kick in
don't make any sudden hand movements..could be misconstrued as gang signs..
Somebody tell #Rondo that the #Celtics have a game tonight. Maybe he can make it for the 2nd half
#Actor #Audtions: "illegitimi non carborundum". Don't let the bastards get you down! and "Carpe Diem", Little Warriors!
I thought it was a nice story. Made him look like a good dad.
Holy crap did I...that was amazing. I wonder if we can get to hit the clay targets in Cle. Or Josh Cribbs. Either
I'm so happy with my mac makeup and broadband card!!! Now I can do hmk in peace!! Yay!!! I love my life!! But more $$ is nice!!
Gonna be a long night of chicken little and frosty the snow man
More deals! Buy 4 books, get one free at Overdue Industries booth 28
Do you and Miranda hunt wild wolverines in Brian Wilsons beard?
See now that's the kind of positivity we NEED in this dump. Thanks dear, you're the best!
what you said
Thanks, that's what I remembered as well. Thanks bortha!
#isupport Crazy Cat Ladies
Looking forward to a visit from tomorrow but they will discover that not all shops are idyllic pretty little places.
#Packers have done nothing this offseason to address their consistent failure to field a 2nd ILB on defense.
she is so grown up
i can't say. It has to do with you know what though. They are the reason there's risk.
I gota tighten up my friends list on fb cuz ppl i dnt even know existed tellin me hbd
Don't you mean "sucker" lol
you like super troopers?
u never chat wit me much nemor an i woudda love 2 have dated u but im taken now im so happy <33
and who said that?
was so shocked to find you could non food foods like soda on food stamps I assumed u could get vegs and meats to assemble
Want to hear more I Am For You songs? visit our soundcloud at www.soundcloud.com/iamforyou
hello dont yall hate when u go to school and u try to cheat off of somebodys paper and they see u cheatin they make a fake paper
Love listening to #Loveline episodes circa 1997. Part of what drew me to neuroscience, neuroscience of human relationships, & medicine.
JUST GOT A HOT PENNY STOCK TIP from a very experienced broker. Apparently, "LUSI.OB" is the stock to be in this week, trust me
Bout to hit the stage
$28 bottle of South African champagne; this is love.
that shit is just way too hood for me *shrug*
Seeing happy couples enjoying the summer. Makes me not the happiest person.
Stormy weather forecast for the first week of the Spring Quarter, which is why I'm heading to the park to walk along the beach with the boys
: How about... Informal Learning - A Step by Step Guide
"When you live in the past, theres one thing that will last, is resentment that time wont sit still" LOVE THAT LINE by
you're right man, we need Bosh. Joel Anthony is way to garbage, he couldn't hit water if he fell off a boat
I may hate him sometimes, but I hope that doesn't happen. He has too much pride for it.
aye bro you think you can stop by the cleaners I wanted see if I can buy another one the feelgoodsession album
they are overrated
Backstrom!!!! Owned the Rangers single handedly
That awkward moment when you're sitting outside fixing your boyfriends power steering pump
Hopefully buying furniture will erase my desires to move to LA. When can I visit? cc:
Jamming and preparing for recording tomorrow. Can't wait to get this shit made so you can jam it every day.
So your cousin works in a similar building @ Ft. Bragg in NC?
Thanks Peter RT I added ITweetLive and Bing Goes Social to the list for #Toolschat tonight at 7pm Pacific
Marv Albert on #TNT repeatedly referring to former Blazer b'caster "Bill Shone-ley" (like 'cone').. #Shonzz is a HOF legend!
Is this page dead!? It Better not be! ICONiacz where you all at?! ~Ashley
Throw the ball in Cashman's face RT : Jesus Montero homering against the Yankees is pretty much the most predictable thing ever
i need a good song to bump right now
okay y am I the man and what did you send me lol
Been soaked by two downpours today but watching this next round of storms roll in from the comfort of my apartment. I win this round nature
Come to tonight at midnight and getcha some free pancakes!
This game 7 is comin' down to the wire. Still think the #Lakers got this. Steve Blake has been lights out from off the bench.
Holy is witnessing me having a fucking anxiety attack right about now.
Iis it reasonable to Attempt to piss on some1 in the middle of a bar when they are twice your size bc someone says u won't?
How do you sign up for the #chef2chef chat? Sounds interesting!
finalizing it as we speak.
Have you been to Jenna's blog? OMG. Must-read.
Did the gift card I gave you awhile back work over there in Aussie? Or did you use it in the US?
"It was a funny time to blow but blow he did" #bpl #ffc #cfc lol
thanks for the RT. Great suggestions are pouring in.
Wow super good US Open semifinals game, Djokovic vs Federer!
Read 's 'Ignore Everybody: And 39 Other Keys to Creativity' today... It's a good book, it definitely has left me thinking.
The guy across from me on the train was clipping his fingernails
Shit my ears are still ringing...not as bad but still...sucks
has the answer I hope. “: Looking for an update on who's winning #sxsw: hipsters vs douchebags.”
it is very good
haha! I only wish would have read one of my tweets on his show!
get a fucking rebound!!!
Saw the surgery tweets. So cool!
right -- I mean, do we want everything people want 2 give us? We have to have a way to say no, thanks.
"For $800, this chemical dye is found in over 95% of all cosmetic products." "Diarrhea! What? Oh, oh, oh sorry, sorry... What is Diarrhea?"
Is it possible that Mario Kart is in the end something other than casual (in the usual sense)?
#discmogul Does anyone listen to 80's freestlye music anymore?
me too!
I will be a panelist today at the So Cal Diversity Forum at SDSU, "The relationship of the master's degree to the Ph.D" at 11 AM and 2 PM.
#MusicMonday to these bands! Thanks for the follow, I checked y'all out on FB :)
Stock up during a sale.. Sale items can be a great deal if it’s an item you normally use.
Sweet...Sam's is going non smoking as if March 1
I can always count on your for pro tips
i can find few redeeming qualities for that show... why do you like it? maybe you can change my mind.....
Shaved Pu$$y Taste Better #FromExpierence ==>Hairy Pu$$y Be Smelling Like Shrimp Noodles!! LOL
Marketing Managers in LA, I have a lead on a 6 mo. freelance gig in North Hollywood. Send me a message and I'll send you the info.
Sadly yes. :(
Really should listen to my mom more often. She's wise that one.
it's spring here in the US so it's still cold. Where is your country?
so much fun in the 'burgh! thx for showing me new places & my fav now, diesel!
#MMchat Hey guys, what metrics are you using to measure your social #custserv program?
So I'm in madrid visiting andd for a vacation with meh babee :D imma try to tweet more bcuz jozy had been on me about it :D love her thooo
Morning Reggie :x
Saw The Lucky One :) your truly amazing hot guy :) I wish I had that kin of guy in my life ❤❤❤
Way to go, hope you win Jimmy.
Ima jealous type point blank
Mark Kotsay, you're still minus-1
Of all the types of couples in the world...I'd say young Asian couples are my favorite.
So many ridiculous things happened today..
Headed to atl to meet my team. Some for the first time f2f. It is going to be a very productive week!
#Yankees look like they could care less right now...they've
nah, i got a magic carpet
Good morning.. Thought you would like that..lol
one of these is not like the others
Love it. 2 funny, Lloyd. Maybe I'll c u? bye 4 now.
S/O to my Followers ( : Thanks ! Cuz im new to this
nigga I said scrapes took mad giraffe forks out his crib he was like hey fella what you doing lmao
Why is your Easter not for another week?
Cooper you need your own reality show!
Oh okay. Whew!
I hope I help a little..to start it!!
Created a quiz about myself on facebook. What waste of time.
I'm never gonna see you again 😭😭😭
if I did that then it wouldn't be a brain teaser.
": incredibly ill this morning. I need my boyfriend and a glauc STAT." Ill be over nurse u with eggs benny and massages soon babe:)
is wondering what the hell he's doing in the office...!!???
BTW, the facebook fans (and ) have spoken: Tonight's show will be all-vinyl (if the turntable gods allow). 7-9 p.m. on !
can i get one follow back please
the guy on the computer next to me stinks!~
Me and rocked that audition!!
So sick of #lindsayLohan news, but if you R going 2 talk abt her why not discuss the freakish plastic surgery that has been done 2 her face
don't forget the dribble drive to the abortion clinic.
You two faced and shady af.
no, 2-3 years old can handle a child's sports mouth guard. Good Luck!
Watching visits family of 5 in India living in a 1 room home the size of our bathrooms. I'll never complain again.
With me. Porque?
Thanks for liking my page Farin!
Needs this teacher not to show 48 hours till
": Thursday's QOD: What will 2-out-of-10 women accidently do today?” Answer: Fart and sneeze at the same time
Well we have a fridge thats strictly for decaying food We have a fridge in our office strictly for milk for coffee, sodas & beer
I really enjoyed the oscars this year
Ironic...siiting in the donut shop having donuts and coffee before my big meeting on some brand new nutrition bars....lol.
know what I don't get?
um can you like please...
my apologies to all that have received spam messages from me! my account has been hijacked :(
You got that right, and pretty good how about u are u still at Reno
If yu say shit too me , be prepared too get something back . Bitch !
Aha I told my mom I would marry and she approved ^_^ <3 xo
Obama's action in Libya is historic. No US soldiers killed, little money, world happy, job done.
I should probably start my homework.
RT lies : is pretty excited right now. Huge Carson Palmer fan.
RT : -You Don't Get Another Chance , Life Is No Nintendo Game-
RT congrats!!!!!! When u due// ha! Im talmbout our pit Stoni!! Lol
My fave album is
hey girl how u been
Don't see why L-ville HAS to even listen? Yum Ctr made the poor business decision, what's worst can happen? Bad PR for a few weeks, months?
Your Comcast tweet totally made my day! Hahahaa.
AYE my bro >> your bro
Having a mellow NYE?
Which of the characters in Trivium Proportion do you like best? #scifi #opinion #cyberpunk #story #fiction My co-worker loves Kayla
very cool profile!
Even the lactose intolerant can usually take Greek yogurt as it's strained--most of the lactose goes out. My fave? Chobani pineapple.
Thanks for the RT!
So close, yet so far away....Happy Hour starts at 3pm today!
lol. when people un-follow me because i try to get famous people to follow me. ~~~
I saw a sign on the back of a dump truck that said: Happiness is getting your load off
Good morning Austin! Thoughtful message for today -"Sow an act, reap a habit;Sow a habit, reap a character;Sow a character, reap a destiny".
Say you breaking her heart, So when she around us, She playin her part !
probably not the greatest idea
wow Norway lost to Australia.
Just woke up and getting ready for the day.
first, a visit to the OSU ICU then a little house cleaning. , a maid for mother's day would be GREAT. Just sayin'...
:) I try to have the best time of my life every second of it! And it's pretty cool to live in Hollyweird :)
The Bay City Rollers appeared live on Howard Cosell's show on this day in 1975. It was their U.S. debut.
and you would not be disappointed.
I don't know where you've been, but Bry has been a comedic genius since his days at the rec. Hence, Clerks.
I Love Popeyes
thanks for the follow love #FoodieChats!
Inventors needed!!! Looking for cutting edge ideas to market!!! Please call for appointments!!!
Blueberry Choco-Chip Brownies. Think I'll call them "Something Blue" Brownies.
my first tweet is a waddap to my friends &
Wahhhh missing you
Disgusted by NC
Happy birthday to me.
Talkin shit over twitter while I hide from all the sports watching going on in my house.
Waking up at 7:30 on a Saturday to go to school and take a practice AP exam >>>
Visit Paratext in Dallas this weekend at Booth #1201 If you demo any Paratext product, we'll enter you in a drawing for a free iPad!
Wow Bruce Springsteen.
oh okay :)
One day! Until the. Enjoy my name in print Alexander <3
U.S. might be broke & divided, but we're running our two most handsome candidates. I feel a Christopher Guest film in the works.
thank you:)
Madison friends, it would be nice to see you again tomorrow night. Either at The Frequency or not at The Frequency. We just like you...
TO ARIANATORS WHO ARENT FOLLOWNG ME--I FOLLOW ALL BACK AND TODAY I WILL GIVE SHOUTOUTS! ARIANATORS THAT ARE FOLLOWING ME--RT THIS FOR A S/O
If you use New Noise as your intro Miller Park will explode every time you enter!
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. ~Denis Waitley
Arriving Palo Alto
investigating red light photo tickets. Didn't do that 6 months ago?
Pickup Line: Lets play house, you be the screandoor and i'll bang you all night long.
ball hit him on the knee/leg...
Hate when my bro and sis come over its like living in the projects like em excuse me I don't speak Ghetto
Listening to Party in the USA. Bahaha, Oh yeah, Im chill.
my TL is slowing down.
Got two jobs this summer #teamgettinpaper lol
weirdos who get along with animals better than people, and photography buffs
Silk freaks me out... Why does everyone love silk bed sheets?!
I guess u say what can make me feel this way my God my God talkin BOUT MY GOD
Spring rain, soaked to the skin walking from the car to the office. Love it!
bought a groupon for a cheap #VirginAmerica flight so came to visit a friend.
The passing of Maurice Sendak sent us back to "Where the Wild Things Are." Do you remember the first time you went there?...
Pilots of Libyan fighter jets that just landed in Malta defected after being ordered to bomb protesters.
do you think this ray Allen situation is KG from a couple of years ago all over again?
Have you caught the Madness?! Who's your pick to win?
I can understand why, actually; at first recoverers need to acknowledge willpower is not enough.
i cant wait til the video :) i hope it's going to be awsome
#Happy18thBirthdayJustin I love you!
