man look! I damn dryheaved like a MUG!!
I agree with Karissa, you should be thankful you have a bunch of wonderful friends who care about you.
LOL no darling, I have loads of "mixed nuts' over here! No need to add macadamia to the mix!Thanks for the offer though! : )
Dear I just wanted to let you know that you are an amazing brother and I miss you very much!
Thanks for the love this week Happy Easter!
Running late #traffic :( promise we will get there
I know, but I can only hope.
Great blog! I really enjoyed it.
#AFS11 lol sue corpse does not = corps
Reconfirms my beliefs that they're all idiots.
Going to get my beauty sleep.
is the Maryland alumni game on tv?
My gym has so many tv screens it's like being inside the internet, and not very relaxing.
good luck my koko on ur baseball today hope u get to the championships
Oh you fancy huh?
its a pretty tree
:D I can't wait!
lol. An April fools joke would go " I really like my girlfriend "
What to bid, what to bid????? Our free agent evaluator takes place at 8pm pst. Jimenez.... Rasmus....
#mommytips don't eat anything you actually want to enjoy, or eat all of with your child around.
July 4th Double Single Releases! #BodyBeFree2012Boooom!
that's amazing.
Listing to live jazz in the White House Grand Foyer.
RIP Dick Clark
Christine: It was great to meet you last night at GGSC even with Congressman Ryan! Looking forward to more events! Therese'
Hollywood gals need to stop posing with hands on hip. I know it makes the triceps appear thinner, but have some class honeys.
The cost to build the Empire State Building was $40,948,900
this could be emil you know
But there is the most amazing solo cello piece happening right now in the City Hall parking garage
I have freckles on my ass, but u can't see'em
Today is Steve Jobs Day in California. Happy Steve Jobs Day everyone!
Ascribe to the LORD the glory due his name; worship the LORD in the splendor of his holiness. Psalm 29:2
You didn't really missing anything. Just trying to come up with a hashtag for the chamber's Inter City Visit to London.
what! 's not like we're talking about some lost classic here...Cabin Fever 1 and 2 are on the same level
Tony Dungy chose Packers to be NFC Champs. Cites "backup" QB throwing for 6TDs and 500yds.
well we need to fix this. Coming to the next show?!?!
part two of the movie tomorrow?!
Gave 3 lectures this week in three different venues on the roles of libraries during #crisis. Talks are helping me pick a
I mean you got a number...nd I got a new one
I need some sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep
and still don't feel like i've conquered it.
Freemium games for Xbox 360? - CNET (blog): Freemium games for Xbox 360?CNET (blog)Speaking to VentureBeat in an ...
Jamie Oliver is an amazing force for good...we need 20 of him!
RT Kepler has found its first planet in the habitable zone of its parent star. 1.usa.gov/v9vKXo
are you the same Patrick Sills that used to live up the street from me?
I swear the best week turned to the worst in a split second .
Any good resources for writing a proposal for $$ for a SNS monitoring platform?
awww maannnn. oh well at least i will see you friday and saturday!
how did ur pres go? I was w antonia Darder on neoliberalism and public Ed
At for the GPEE Media Symposium. Abt to listen to the 2012 Top 10 Issues in edu. Report avail at www.gpee.org. Stay tuned.
adele should go rolling in the deep in a spike pit
Rare Beautiful summer nights❤
I think that's the first 3-D commercial I've ever seen
Who wants to take me to their prom?
Oh, reminder - Market starts Wed, June 6th. I play the opener, 11:45 - 1:45.
cool re power pack. we are assembling collaborators for a "Tobacco Is History!" interactive museum. Looking for appropriate ...
WOW!!! You've been busy!!! AWESOME PHOTOS AND VIDEOS!
Dark Chocolate + Coconuts = HeaveN
DJ Justin is rockin tonight. Don't miss Milwaukee's best hip lounge
Oh, uh...never?
life is a box of cookies.
Can i get some specifics?
i do that when i get that becky
Don't we have an anniversary every time we go to Atlantic City?
Back to the future, so good. Since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break today. So, why don't you make like a tree and get outta here?
In sum: gave away , and a draft pick for Jordan Hill. [Insert expression of befuddlement here.]
RT : "Most people spend their lives making grand plans for it..."
Wow , thanks for sending a Navigator to pick up me and We are rollin' deep tonight.
“: With friends like mine who needs armies? #pgp”
lol haha i got it on repeat!
Definitely would marry a guy who wasn't in the entertainment business. LOL
#BELIEVE 1 MONTH FROM TODAY<3 at least where i am hahahhaha
Hi Stacey, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Why do you get mad at me for not caring?? I would care if you told me things that are important
r u gonna watch it opening night?
C'mon Florida, beat Louisville!
#"I get money like Ben Stein, my diamonds purified they hit my shit Clear Eyes"
I'm an Atlanta native as well so I can tell her a lot about Georgia. DM if you're daughter is interested!
We can't wait either! So excited!
Miss the shit out of you. You 100% deserved the tweets :)
RT : T.Millions models are on deck for your music videos, films, hosting events, magazines shoots, calendars
Just saw that the Brain Extravaganza post is up. Thanks for sharing it!
planning Maker-style Design blog/community & looking for an editor, ideally in SF. #dreamjob (for someone, not me)
use the coupon on my facebook and shop online!
In Texas ?
Biggest shot of Avery Bradley's career. And he swaps it.
come on kid you need to sttop it.
RT : It's not about how we stand on the top, it's about how we got there.
Thanks for the RT!
For a person who hates me, you sure love talking about me.
We will be playing sound upon request -- just ask for the MOD
“The only way to get what you really want is to let go of what you don't want.” Iyanla Vanzant
Who would like to sponsor Sping Jam Fest 2011 in D.C. and be a part of the show with P.O.D. at Bull Run, Centreville, VA. May 14th?
Rep. Rukavina was floored that I could be Croatian and conservative. What a hoot he was to have in the Retiring Room.
Anyone on myspace.
Anyone going to the blast?
Show you right
Makes sense. I'd like to see a Pitt-Sconi matchup.
RT Some people just don't get it. I know.
are there any new interviews or promos for our girl?
But all endings are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time" ~Mitch Albom
Sing it! :) RT : You make the Sun Stand Still, The oceans part. Your powerful, It's who you are!
#fufb for allowng me access to comments that i care not to see twice
I bought you an Easter present. It's a gerbil.
#glee was phenomenall, I can honestly say I cried multiple times.
Thanks for the tip on Casey Key. It was a beautiful mini Sanibel. We never did find Skeeterville, though.
When you wake up and realize you don't have double bio, it brightens your day
Yer a cutie (:
Potato Leek Soup so good it would make Julia Child weep.
OK LOL A LITTLE SCARED BUT OK LORD B WITH ME
: Was leaving your plan all along, or did you just decide I wasn't good enough?
women, in SF, working in tech: join us tonight for drinks n chats. ping me or if you want to come :)
oh ok thanks anyway
Companies who made their mark on design usually did so because one designer had an unusually strong relationship with the company’s founder.
#LAKings now just one game away from #StanleyCupFinals. Hard to believe this is the same team I saw play the #Isles at Coliseum in Feb.
If you could help someone fulfill their dream would you?
July 2010 - 30th Int'l Conference on Jewish Genealogy - REGISTRATION IS NOW OPEN! www.jgsla2010.com
RT if you love our awesome new dessert items!
Dear Charles Barkley, this is for you saying little rude ass comments about San Antonio. t(-.-)t
that sounds GENIUS
actually it's more like I do that to you. hrmm :-\
Stress kind of takes over your life!
ugh get him off the mound!
MT ": I believe the two greatest inventions of man are central air and the attached garage (a necessity where it snows!)"
I have to make sure nobody BECOMES a dead body in the woods this weekend. :)
On my way to LAX. I have a feeling I'm going to be using #Instagram a lot. So follow me up 4 some cool pics.
I read a good article by on Beckett. He just struggles too much at home and in the division
STOP BEING MEAN TO ANGEL YA CHING CHONG BING BONG
FINALLY! Congrats on being old. :D
Do people actually enjoy 2 Chainz?
I'm not gonna lie Hunger Games was really good!
O's went 9-6 in that tough 15-game stretch! NICE!!!
follow me!!!!! Please😊
We vote for Ben. I bet he'd also beat us in Scrabble.
Just curious, but why aren't they the Toronto Maple 'Leaves'?
Our vision is to help people simplify their lives by using their mobile devices to easily and automatically interact with their surroundings
So tired of hearing about the phantom 'black friends' of Zimmerman. When can we see them?
Exactly how inactive are these inactive ingredients?
Made it to the bank with 2 mins to spare
going 2 take a shower ! be on later xoxox < 3
“: I wonder how police on bikes arrest people. “Alright, get in the basket.””
no one knows how sick i am of people telling me im wrong or its my fault or who to pick...
.dj is a great domain extension. Thanks Djibouti!
wut up boss chick???
hey Julia!! How are u?
Marx: A total of six SC hospitals are using Final Check with results of more than 90% reduction #scha2012 RT
Doesn't Luc know that that's not the way for a catcher to become a broadcaster and get a statue? He's hitting too well.
thanks, I'm sure I'll come home empty handed lol
Is golf on today?
hey so I just ate at this place called whole foods, idk if you have it by you but it reminded me of you haha. Try it out! :)
Can't wait to try my new "They're Real" Mascara by Benefit!
It's not my place to judge anyone. Nobody's perfect and no one but God will judge me.
hope it work out fa me...
YOU COMING BACK TO ME IS AGAINST ALL ODDS
What was that????a Rocket right past Holtby. #BlueShirts take 2-1 lead over caps.
With that being said, some morning cardio! Rock the week!
Hop over this Sunday! Easter goodie bags to all kids (12 & under) on Easter Sunday! We'll be open 8am-2pm, let's brunch!
why compare with others? Pointless
When your boyfriend and your bestfriend are the same person.
Chicken stir fry for my chicks
Also recommend anything by Jerry and Esther Hicks and Abraham They're pioneers of
I wonder why Obama is now supporting gay marriage. They say its against Christian value but same time is he doing it just to get re-elected
do you remember that red velvet cake ice cream at uwf that had real cake in it?! I'm literally craving that right now
Dear 7-11, Comedy? thanks you for the Slurpees and releasing a group of now hyperactive Comedians? back into the world wreaking havoc. -A.M.
I have a feeling this summers gonna be a good one
#DontYouWish laundry and chores would do themselves
Ultrasound 'Male Lumpectomy' for Prostate Cancer
Had a blast last night at the Robert Earl Keen concert. The Road Goes on Forever and the Party Never Ends!
that's all you can do. It's a crazy world we are working in now :-)
three from the online membership the rest from shows
MY EYES
haha okay. Figured you wouldn't be in the mood to work.
Follow for local music updates and to stay up to date on this year's Free Friday Night Concerts in the Park info!
Thanks so much for checking in with us ! We hope you enjoy your stay.
Wow! Is it May? I am getting sunburned in my car.
Mitt - you're an idiot.
you have a penguin on your head sir
Join us for dinner tonight! Come enjoy great organic Mexican food (714) 508-TACO (8226)
We are 20 min from touchdown. Right side soon to be left side Miki is on top of everything. She is very good.
R tells students to befriend the firm librarians, find out what databases, books they have that they wdn't have seen at school.
“ “ If you post a million bathroom mirror pics with or without the duckface you're #DoinTooMuch””
Thanks to anybody who provided an assist in the job search. I have one. Start full-time on Monday.
“: My life is going to be hell for the rest of the week, is going to be in town! Damn it!!” what's up joelito!
we offer 7 day money back guarantee on all of our packages
Have not heard of her until now, but I am totally ok with that! She apparently rocks!!
perhaps you can create a program for former servers to donate to the next generation. Finding the right tie was ...!
would it be possible to go to the infinity of recruiting rankings?!?! If so UK fans wouldn't be happy with #1 classes!
Today I feel like I want to...forget this whole therapy thing! I miss you guys.
Still need to get a 5 miler out of the way...so here I go
Listening to speech on what to do if there is an active shooter in our building
Symphony Crack's 'The Addiction' coming soon!!! Will be one helluva drug...
whatever how u been?
Just drove by Harold Pener 'Man of Fashion'
Upcoming Exhibit Solo Show Muir Fine Art Gallery Houston, Texas, March 12th, 2010, 7-10PM www.timhovde.com
"sex talk is NEVER politically correct. The dirtier, the better #justsayin" <---Tweet of the day
Yes, a bit early ;) This is a fun way to spend the morning! Love the pics and thoughts you all are sharing!
is that you ?
I am not take it bk
thank u for making my night a memorable one last night in Porrland:-)
will do - thanks for the tip!
Thanks everyone (: over 15 #FF (: love you all!
especially when I get to see suzabazooka. :)
This for fucks sake RT : ALRIGHT TL, I GET IT. BROCK LESNAR...FUCK!!!!! IT'S FAKE, YOU KNOW.
What?! Foo Fighters broke up!?
RT/mention me. I have a few followers and I can't promise you shit but have a good day. No 500+ followers to gain from me, sorry.
Thanks for sharing, Sam! I felt good about how it turned out.
Thanks! I was a good little librarian and finished it last night. Feels good to be done so early!
Could be. Do you have an argument that they are?
Realizing that I'm moving in about a month. Nothing will matter anymore. I'd rather leave on good terms with everyone though.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt. -- Charles M. Schulz
: I'm filling out a work comp claim and I can't find the box for clogged arteries. Can you come help me?
I'm so glad I have a treadmill in my house
If you're a developer, everything that happens in your app is your responsibility - Clayton #loctrack #sxsw Misuse of data
Early golf at Bent Tree tomorrow.
I'm sure alcohol compounded it, but was more I interrupted the cops at their breakfast... they wanted make me pay.
ah !! Lol yeaa you're not sweet , && if you are I'm white af !
good luck! Sounds like it is going to be a doozy... Still trying to get the snowblower working - argh!
True. I keep thinking of Pho-King Ah-Sum and that might not be good for business either
The last person I would ask would be me. ha.
Those brown skies ahead sure do make me feel at home
I remeber when I use to give a fuck,now I don't..
South Park - Loose Moose . ... Thursday is Free Wing Night ... O_o
Musicals in general may have fallen out of favor with me. I think I'm too bitter. Thanks for illuminating though.
i had Marie Antoinette hair today... unfortunately i pics came out horrible =( will try again soon!
FOR EVERY BEAUTIFUL WOMAN THERES REAL A MAN, BUT TOO MANY FAKE ONES LIE AND RUIN IT, DATS WHY WOMEN GET EMOTIONALLY WRECKED..
Its it true that Madison has a girlfriend cuz I'm gonna die
This game 7 on saturday bruh...
hes no longer invited to chicken kitchen in kenya!
Me & should collab on something this year..Can yu say #EPIC??
Awesome! I've heard hockey is much better in person than on tv (I don't watch it either way). Hope it's a great game.
boom...happy wife and kid...time to order the next set of Mods!
Watching talk about Appsumo and failure, great message
Anyone rockin the GB for the new years competition? Starting the planning phase.
thank u ma'am!! I am girl!! Gone ride it til the wheels fall off
In honor of the Charles Dickens bicentennial, join us for a dramatic reading of Dickens by The Friends of Dickens New York today at 2pm
What an adorable pup!
We all come w/ different personal feelings to the Christmas festival & despite it all, Christmas comes. Christ the Savior is here!Bonhoeffer
It was just on television' that the city of shenzene, china is under seige by china officials, TRUE???
Looking for a great show tonight in #Tampa? Go to and see The Leonard Brothers LIVE from 7-11 pm!!
intentional fouls should be 2 shots plus teh ball, rondo didnt even try to steal the ball, he just grabbed the dude from behind
Awesome thanks so much! would love to help in anyway you need. Fun summer coming up with educators like yourself.
Me too! “: Big fan of this new trend of selling outside of perf venues like & ”
Haha....silent movies!
about time!
Spending a billion dollars on a football stadium is not about to make a successful football team. The vikings trippin
Iran is executing men for the crime of being gay. To be a fly on the wall of the next Obama-Ahmadinejad Mutual Admiration Society meeting...
haha um no!
Crazy night....esgar where u at?? Lol
then that's just sad. RT wat if a boy has to do that?
so is that a good thing or bad, I've always wanted to be apart of Jive,
Just like Bear and Bo, JoePa lived and breathed football. Literally.
Beitzel is an absolute beast. Jimmer who? Come on UNC, keep it close!
What's good fam?Glad to have you back doing what you do best! Dropping those hot 16 like you bless us with on Bri "Just A Girl"
Gold class, silver club, elite. Whatever. I think I'm flying riffraff class.
that's right, I forgot you told me already.
tonight just might be a WILD night...might..lol
Love that my pals & are at #Nerdprom!!!
Ouch. I'll be praying for ya haha
I HATE ALGEBRA
Hmm.... that would be quite a drive to get it to you :-).
Can anyone tell me, did Darlene Wink?
Manhattan, Wild at Heart, Persona, Antichrist, The Turin Horse, Drive (credits), Touch of Evil, Birth, Scream...
I can't stand brown hoes. It makes me wonder about the world.
Found some great furry, fun yarn for my knit project.
Hi, we're a new church in your area. Exciting loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
Anyone using #Evernote for Schools? Using Groups w/premium accts for students or individual free accts? Do you share notebooks?
I get the same thing on my timeline from all these quote twitters and such
Thank You Babe!!! RT how is everything going... I'm about to make that move out of TX soon. I see you grinding keep it up
followed c:
This school is cold
Your first two tweets make me sad for 2009 you and happy that you have grown into a blastronaut clip chieftain.
“ The world is your runway”
Tune in to 750AM The Game tonight at 7:35pm and hear call in to #TheDailyWrap with !
Wheres my mama ?
Heart just sank. feel like I'm gonna cry. Yes... Guys cry. Haha
Tonight: Battle of academic titans Kansas & Kentucky.
Hope you had a great week!
#ff our fearless owner, for the best hosting prices and the best support staff. for rockin tattoos
Istanbul has beautiful cityscapes, but I've never seen it without lights. Any chance you took photos? :)
We'd love 2 help. is it too late? RT Hello ! I could use your help! Justin Bieber Charity Concert for Haiti!
I feel like this is gonna be bad...
#mariners are terrible with RISP today....
Rocking my ninja turtle sweater to work today for tacky sweater day. Even though I don't think it's tacky lol.
YOU MAKE ME WANNA LA-LA, IN THE KITCHEN ON THE FLOOR!!!!
Think before you speak cause your words will get you fucked up !
No matter how hard he rages, I love my best friend ! Always there when I need him
For all conspiracy theorist check out this company named H.A.A.R.P. me personally I don't know what to thk. You come up with your own co ...
Everything is really well :) how about you? How's the modeling going?
Those Chrome Zebra Sassy Nails are looking great! Time to get your party on!
haha I saw it and had to take a picture lol
Lifting furniture is not the biz!
and working and hanging out and seeing fam! all that good stuff
Went running with Amie and we were so freaking tired lol we missed 😉!
I'm pretty sure you just have to do cool things and talk a lot. It doesn't hurt if you have toys & candy in your office either
All I want is a nice little present from you :(
"baby" ? o_O i dont want to get happy then get sad if it was an accident :(
I don't like to think before I speak, I like to be just as surprised as everyone else by what comes out of my mouth.
KPFA DJ Doug Edwards at Palo Alto, CA, Vets Hospital ICU. Call there if you know him and want to say hi. (650) 493-5000.
I'm bout to get it on voice haha..
this packing part sucks
just saw how hot the other states are lol im soo happy that i live in hawaii and i actually have tons of breeze!!!!!
Check out Marice Tobias' latest perspective posting on "Why Be a Brand?" on her thoughts page at www.tobiasent.com. Good stuff.
can you follow me
forreal this time #prankwar &me vs & no1else~ari&i got franco&him&sean tried2get me last night
�Think outside the box, collapse the box, and take a fucking sharp knife to it.�
Don't cry but for sure imma see if I can take the day off tomorrow so we can chill.
Got 9miles in this morning. Now it's sports Sunday...hockey & baseball.
are you going for NAB? Hopefully there will be another #VolcanoGirl screening soon!! Our schedules WILL collide :)
Ohhey. My iPod has radio at least.
many talk but very few listen.
thank you, sweetheart.
guess where I'm going today..the fair lmfao
Why is everybody acting so shady nowadays?
LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH!!!! <3
I looked at the Kitchen Aid slicers/processors but thought I'd try the attachment version... Failed again
2011 nba champs....Dallas mavericks!
miss you. Hope all is well with you guys. Fires near ya?
Even better: Okracoke. It's an ISLAND!
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize our wax is virtually painless. First time guests try us out for free!
It's Monday, Yhu Got A Job, Yhu Off, And Ain't Got Shit To Do, So Imma Get Yhu High Man !!!!!
My first meeting today: 730am. You can't outwork me in
Renaissance Society of America () conference this week! Come to our trio of Thurs sessions, "On the Work of Marcia Hall."
thanks for the support!
My dreams are so fucking scary anymore. Ohmygod.
Summer Botox special $10 per Unit of Botox! At www.skyandseaspa.com our med-spa! Expires August 31st
Not my finest moment.
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Even though gay men work out a lot, they secretly want to be like Bridget Jones and eat anything they want.
Thanks for tweet my article!
Hope the #LTDArmy had as much fun this weekend as we did!
Congrats! Venture onward!
If we don't get the star player....improve the bench and hope our guys can stay healthy for a full season to see what we are capable of.
Fun night...all work tomorrow :-) ...right now?
Home after a great time at the beach with family. Its amazing to realize the progression of generations.
Vote for ur favs! RT : beauty junkies! wants to hear from you - Tell us your fave products...
when we stay away from our #abuser(s) we truly love ourselves and STOP the abuse cycle!
yes i want to so bad we are almost there again
;D I loved her.
Lebron and these free throws... damn!!
How GRAND. He tried on my shirt.<3 NOW I'M GOING TO GET HIS SKIN DNA ON MYSELF. ASDFGHJKL.
Saadi~ Roam abroad in the world and take thy fill of its enjoyments before the day shall come when thou must quit it for good.
Daily GTKY question: Can you give us clues as to where you live, without saying it?
The Twenty-Five Years of Philosophy: A Systematic Reconstruction by Eckart Förster F'85 now available from
Some ppl need to learn to keep certain things to themselves, you only making yourself look bad
I said call up Cisco when Gardner got hurt...
Sports Outdoor Baseball Football Olympics Boating
RT The United States is home to 2.8 million homeless children.
“: Girls are like condoms, they spend more time in your wallet than on your dick. #malepains” Bahaha
Invest your time in USEFUL, RESOURCEFUL THINGS that will add to your life....not hender or delay in your progress! Xoxo
Devastating.: Fire rises from building opposite Thala Tower&smoke rises, shell hits the building from time to time
“: #NowPlayin Light Pollution by the awesome <3” yes!!!!!
Goin to my 50th #Brewers game of the season tonight, How can I celebrate?
Its my birthday!!!!
Chandler AZ has had 7 attempted abductions in 6 months
Hahaha ur mom was probably like run bitch run or hes gona shoot u
he looks like a pedophile to me
Bummed my Seminoles lost the ACC championship.
The sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent on it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the
LETS GET A WORLD RECORD RETWEET THIS
Dude, just buy the box set. You must see it all now. Best ever.
7 years ago I swore I'd never move again. Today I starting packing up.....to move.....again. Never say never.
Omg she seriously died? im so sorry :(
that's good u finally stop partying n did some work 😏lol
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings. ~ Salvador Dali
I air drum as part of my morning ritual.
awesome -- I will have to leave at about 2ish though because I have a meeting at 230
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow I would do my best to help you sell or even buy a home :)
The NBA is ridiculous Garnett traveled so bad and no call, Ronnie milsaps could have seen that, it's all set up big market teams smh
The task I HATE the most: Cleaning the refrigerator! And boy, am I paying big for procrastinating!
Tanning and than orange leaf? I'm down.
Sometimes you gotta challenge yourself.
Everything now has an app available on Apple iSomething or Android but the poor Blackberry gets no love. My how the mighty have fallen
Challenge accepted!
that's excellent!
Um.... I fell asleep at 9PM and now I'm lying awake. Dammit
go for it!
we are gonna get married on the beach at sunset, okay? Okay c: 💗🌅💍
My fantasy lunch meeting: Terry Gilliam & Guillermo del Toro. Who can set this up for me?
If you order a pizza for delivery, tell us you saw it on Facebook or Twitter & get $5 off a 2nd pizza! Call 521-9800!
I got it I got it. I learned Sherlock dance. I'm ready now.
I love you 1,2,3 shooby doo i love you 4 that's more than I can afford
My favorite people to follow are the guys of - , , and !
hey brother, I couldn't find the fuck shit up shirt on merchnow. Anywhere else I can find it
"When moving about the train, shoes must be worn at all times." It kills me the things we have to say out loud these days.
so youur gunna give me that bouncy ball right?! (; Aha
Thanks ! Pleasure meeting you.
Just tried dumplings and egg rolls at Yum's Asian Bistro, new restaurant in #CharlesVillage, 2501 N. Charles St. Delicious! Will go back .
Thanks for the re-tweet of "Black theater @ NPL". Blessings, cb
so much fun! Remembering the hysterical crying girl?
Bucket list item 3566: listen to crazy drunk man singing "who let the dogs out" while riding bike through sculpture park.....
Whats up TwitterVille, I know we've been kinda quiet. Been busy. I hope all is well. Show tonight at East Meets West Vu from LA. 830!
Tonight Wright Way Master Classes NYC will be working with the Book Of Mormon Associate Casting Director - Kate Boka!!! Super Excited!
That kid in your health class that obnoxiously eats M&Ms
Gracias mil Max !!
Please join us: Master Plan Mtg Forest Hill and North Broadway Cherry Blossom Welcome Center Branch Brook Park, Newark, NJ May 15th(Tuesday)
and you ignore tragedy and more quality wins. I don't understand.
Make a mat on the floor :-)
Moving can definitely be a pain. Good luck with the beer!
thanks for the great update:)
Looks like Bynum decided to wear his big boy pants to work tonight. for once. that's nice.
It's friday BITCHES!!!!!!
starving daughters, no more parachutes, ghost montrose at ash street sunday 4/17/11
#myweakness is your breath cuz its killing me
I wonder if Ryan Seacrest has stopped orgasaming yet....
really sucks to see my friends getting into heroin.
KRISTEN IS STRIPING
no doubt. see you there homie. cant wait
Funny coincidence, just looking thru this month's Cooking Light & they have recipe for mango margarita. *adds to grocery list*
Thank you to all and to all a good night!
I dont like u at all
ROTFL lol I know that my b ,
Laying on the Jolly Island bridge, star gazing.
Best co-worker people ever!
omg seriously!!!
Last night was amazing(: Got to meet ,thanks for the hug(; talked for a few until he had to leave ): but it was nice(:
be safe!!
Haha. Yeah yes. Girl you know ;)
yes, mr. spiderman watching
Big ND recruit pickups with 4 star O-lineman Hunter Bivin and QB competition with 4 star Malik Zaire!!! keep it up boys!!!!!
After all is said and done, looks like all the incumbents will be returning to city hall. I'm sure reformers wished otherwise.
Working at this place is giving me party experience; I can't wait to plan b-day parties for my kids.
that movie is awesome
Watching super bowl halftime show. It's definitely much better than last years' show.
A: drag along kicking but also show that we save $ which can buy other resources
I had huge cleanout before moving continent. Gave away to friends, former students, charity, & even scraps for patchwork.
Considering the %s, I'm fairly certain, but not positive...
Haha! Well we look forward to seeing them, and you, soon. Let us know if we can do anything for you.
Hope that North Korea leader went to hell. What he did to the North Koreans was wrong.
Happy birthday to Jules Verne!
I get to see my boy Benny on thursday!...oh and and
jus ate a fatt ass bowl of frosted flakes #DAYUMM!!
sup, it's just after 11pm, twenty past...
Yes- sometime. wouldn't that be so nice: "Sometimes the girl that's been there for everyone else needs someone there for her.""
I swear people in Arizona will hop on any new artist regardless if they make good music or not Smh.
One cannot keep peace longer than his neighbour will let him. - German Proverb
. Dude, your issue with mustaches obviously has nothing to do with golf. That's your problem.
"If you think that you have me all figured out Well you're wrong (Well you're wrong) ...I'm addicted to when you're gone (you're gone)."
personally, great. Enjoying being on Council( most days). Even more appreciative of your service now Frank.
It's a sausage fest at Lucky Strike. You've been warned
Agreed. Get inspired.
#3day About to start 3rd day for Susan G Komen in memory of my sister Hayley. Donate for a cure today!
LJ is down. Lame.
The notifications tab > I just slide it down, read the text, and then I choose to ignore it %99 of the time w/o even switching apps! 👌 LOL
looks cool :)
In traffic wit ✌
haha, alright.. sounds good. Now just get your butt back to lex!!
im a musician looking for music lovers
Ben Buss tonight performing live at Belmont. Come visit and enjoy great cocktails and entertainment
observation: appears that very few GOP reps from greater MN will vote 'nay' on the Vikings bill
Today SCP and GB Magazine are hosting a full day of shopping, pampering, fashion show, & lunch at Saks Fifth Avenue to benefit Fundacion Luz
Larry Harlow at Yoshis this wknd, Friday Jellys with many stars then Campbell Big Band+BBQ on Sat with www.ljye.com.
Beans, lentils, and peas are a mix of very lean protein and starchy carbs
All she needed was a little exposure lol
My heart is so heavy.
where is my bro
Got my Mother's Day gifts early this morning. Drawings, homemade cards, love note and 3 pieces of candy. THIS is what it's about.
Kristin Scott Thomas stars in "The Woman in the Fifth," starting soon at #CIFF (9:20 screening). Have always loved KST.
A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death.
#DanceMomsMiami!!! Get it trending for ! !!!!!!! Follow me mr.victor?
Dissonance precedes resolve.
Tonight DJ Kiprawk!!! Gonna be a crazy night!!
it was the hunger games! Saving avengers for Christmas.
way to plan ahead w/the sanitizer! Sadly, wasn't at the game but was at ESPN Zone across the street! 2nd best place to be!
Im good
I'm sick this day is gonna suck!
Not dead, just busy. Happy May Day to all.
Crazy morning of pt's topped off by a guy that was normal last Mon & today had 2 corneal FB's and a random heme over the nerve in that eye!
We are freaking out Ted
Im still looking for that autographed water bottle!
Neo-liberalism & shrinking support for ed has also meant that we are comfortable exploiting adjuncts. Awful wages, no benefits
Coppell was the number one team to watch for in the Dallas morning news..
Just got the first 5000 Zombie Crawl and Organ Trail flyers back from the printer. If you want to help pass them out, hit me up!
~ When people don't know how special the word 'always' is -.-
show it.
Life is a game, if you are not careful you will lose it.
Man, it's Friday and I'm at work...
is everyone else sick??? it kinda seems like it
give me 5 years and maybe lol but right now all these $15,000 are just too much! I'll get there
They just opened a Mellow Mushroom in Portland, and I've been eager to try their pies.
Say dat Brah RT It's ok haters keep hating and we'll keep winning
Thank you
same I'm just hanging out with my cousin
Are you an experienced game #developer that wants to work on A Titles? Let #VonChurch help you find that next job
oh & the light shows, breath-takingly beautiful ;)
I refuse to star in your psychodrama.
nice hardware!!!
I got -3 on my first algebra test since 8th grade!! Yay!! We made that test our bitch
Going to my brothers deb on Saturday night! What am I gonna wear ?!
Jordy is in hallowed vicinities...Flynn is as good as gone
Haha, well good luck. i'm going to try like everyday.
Thanks so much for the RT! Cheers, Conor
"My thong's showin but its cool, my shoes go wit it." Oh Remy Ma we love you.
Open mics are all the same:"And now I will shock you by saying a word you never heard in the Navy." ~Don
sure lol I haven't been on in forever though haha
FBCD money money money
should do a song with !
Is it your birthday?
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!100
Heading to the gym, so I can be healthy and such XD
Thirsty? Tired? Hungry for networking? Join your #ogi social network at Clyde's in Gallery Place for happy hour when Town Hall concludes.
they come in packs a million to one, an the odds wer stacked like a tite and loaded gun, they wil tear us to peices a shattered rememberance
Bed here I come
i know bro my hands tied. All i can do is keep makin these bangers while Im stuck here
Friday and Saturday are break days, but new video today! Shaving my legs..
#GrandpaFred from the looks of that they turn into butterflies.
in the process of unsubscribing from many e-mail lists, it's interesting to notice many different #ux & #ui experiences to do it
thanks but I dint think so
You wanna know who is up there with demi on my "Powerful vocal" list? Ariana Grande. Seriously..her voice is beautiful & strong.
I would officially would like to change my middle name to WaitForIt. Roswell WaitForIt Encina
Gearing up for our show tonight at Imua Lounge in Honolulu, HI! If u haven't heard us live yet, you don't know what you're missing!
I never thought I'd feel the sting of closing. As an employe, and a customer, I'm deeply sad.
I think you don't have enough black in that pic :p
What a cool/yummy idea! RT Join & for an historian's tour through L.A. NOIRE at #free Archives Bazaar.
it was great! This one was also hosted by Jeff Mallach. An overview of the sport and lots of insight (and jokes)!
#nation #OCCUPY We need you to tweet #wiunion this weekend. Keep #Earth informed. #Egypt Thank you all for working for a better democracy.
NYT today: Growing achievement gap due to wealthy parents investing more money than ever before in their kids' out-of-school activities.
Omg yes it's all almost over
Just chocked down the worse dinner in my life it was burnt and nasty but i gotta be nice.....ewww its sucked.
Don’t look for the boy who can be the best boyfriend, look for the boy who can be your best friend.
I'd go nuts for it too!
tEAM fOLLOW bACK i HAVE aLREADY FOLLOWED YOU
Blake tried to flop and lost the ball. Probably gets that call if he can
And I just got a call from two of my nieces and nephews singing Ke$ha. Nothing better
Listening to the score of The Avengers because clearly I am a big old Nerd, and it's really good.
Maybe that means you are a good luck charm :)
Happy Birthday
I LOVE YOU SO
I know how to save money...how else did I get some of my shit I needed? I just prioritize things that's all
just pretending to work. How did the test go the other day?
Consumer interaction is fueled by technology
« Text back quick and i'll love you #simple»
Gotta love that bad karma!
Damn that's crazy i never would of thought I would b workin on 34th doin something positive
Can't trust for the record
sorry but Dante took them to use at school.
when I was in Milwaukee I saw the same thing happening, but it was 30 degrees so I said YIKES poor bride must be cold!!
thanks to for such an enjoyable interview! :)
Shout to Butch Vig
Did anyone miss me while I was...resting?(;
And now that I've shot my twitter-wad for 2012, I'm going to go write.
I guess Thibodeau's out for coach of the year... Vogel!
I'm super sensitive to caffeine so #crazyideas are all over the place!
"4Shore" from the 'groups' catagory is the new "Boys II Men"
#welcomehome hibernation ale by Great Divide
I'm heading down this road right now. Think we'd wear a similar size? I'm 6'2/medium/40/~16.5.
To all of you in my life that encourage me daily with your support and love... Thank you!!!
Congrats man!
Thanks for the pointer!
it's good news...he's an ok qb in a pro system...as long as we rely on the run and smashmouth football we'll be fine
Want the "skinny" on children's museums? "Like" us on Facebook. Type in Association of Children's Museums.
Esmé's not on birth control.
I feel presurred by the dude i love :(
no u don't flop in crunch time
Anything by Isabel Hickey
tell Matt to make a tweeter so i can say hateful things to him for the world to see. please and thank you.
What was the other movie?
Where do you stand on the use of alcohol or other substances to aid your writing?
Man why cant i sleep longer!!!!!!!!
we know a retractable roof is out of the? How about a whole lotta skylights.
ESPN now televises competitive lunging? Okay....
Come to ETC9 PGA Fall Expo and see how Jack Nicklaus gained 5+ mph using the Powerchute Golf Swing Trainer.
we should chill after break! :)
Will you ever follow me? <3 x8
Black Veil Brides Lyrics have special meaning to me, they’ve helped me get through some very tough times in my life.
Will be remarkable if we can pull this thing off without any money... the suspense in that alone makes it all so invigorating.
Things seen on the T: a cute hipster hair rosette made from a zipper. A gaggle of college women decked out in steampunk garb.
thanks Amanda! Looking forward to unveiling the goods for you in the coming weeks!
Watching malibu's most wanted with my love <3 (':!!!!
The leaves are --- "Blowin' in The Breeze...!"
To the young man on the street who told me to "strut": I appreciate your support, but I don't take advice on my walking style from strangers
You can find policy that is positive for Israel, without being anti-muslim, but not with or
Was Diane Keaton drunk? That interview with was really unusual.
or the diet coke I ordered at red robin
Such a neat event & for a great cause! Good luck, raise a lot of $$ for the Timberwolves Fastbreak Foundation!
This basketball wives are lame!! Fuck you tami !! You aint nobody !! Im over this stupid hoes
what is this iPad you speak of? Never heard of it.
Thanks for the follow. Like your vlog. How r u today
:) RT : We love that u love vegetarians-and dogs! Saw a pooch on the patio looking happier than her human parents
#pizzanight. Order a pie tonight! We deliver
Tonight at 10PM...tune in to 89X The Only New Rock Alternative and listen for Bear Lake!
integrating sifteo cubes in the classroom to talk about digital poetry! well done and so creative! i feel inspired!
Dont fear of getting your heartbroken , be prepared , <3
I miss you more ate!!!
::cough cough:: like the GIANTS?
Lazy day in bed :)
Hi. My names charlotte and I'm apart of San Diego's Finest☀.
hm watch out now!!! Hope ur night is going well sweety:)
I didn't buy a lottery ticket. I am such a rebel.
k thanks
So someone on OKCupid is asking me if I'm an "alpha girl." I'm not totally sure what that means, though. Thoughts?
Great to connect with a fellow Colorado Springs local! :-)
I don't like how long you gotta be there. I don't like the music. I don't like sitting in those uncomfortable ass pews.
Holy Wind Gusts, Batman!
Whats good man,Do you have a contact for production?
Beckett u need to just #TellHimYouLoveHim ....now!
Psychology or nursing as majors... Which one to pick idk:/
true and there are worse
At el Torito with the family :)
how long is it to get into the city from Newark? Seems like it'd be forever
What happened to Tori Gurley's account?
thx for the follow...I'm assuming from...the enlightened place?? I'll take it.
It's a sad day, we are implementing pussy ball tactics out of desperation. Where's my vagisil?
I make that trip about at least 3 times a week during basketball season. It's not that bad. :)
Follow Friday Plase
I love you your music ur style your voice your tweets I love ur mix tape I just <3 u follow ? :)
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Do you have a media wish list? What does your target market watch, read, and listen to?
Why is it that every 5th starter blanks the Padres hitters? 1 hit off Worley? WTF?
Congrats, lady! Hey, what did you study for undergrad?
IT MEANS NOTHING.
“: The most life-destroying word of all is the word tomorrow. ~ Robert Kiyosaki”
Oh my gawd! My feet are killing me. D:
Nice I like very much
wow tomorrow is christmas eve
it is not my fault, you like what you like
How sweet. DM me your email if you don't mind. Thank you.
I never knew I could love a torque wrench so much. Measure in love, and Newton meters.
#Cards at their best when on the wing and Siva on the pine. Past ups are causing his current downs! Hard 2 watch some
i would love to play bbal with you..but i dont know if you can handel defeat;)
Thx for tweeting me:)
I did, but having a hard time picking a favorite.
RT : allergies are kicking my ass
Mine does, too... About 5:00am.
#FF Thanks for the mention!
REPEAT EMERGENCY MSG TO PROPERTY OWNERS: Thermostat 55-60˚ is ok. For every sink OPEN cabinet doors for heat to pipes & DRIP hot/cold water.
of course...the dirtier the better.
Hair in the City is open for business at Magnolia Day Spa. Call for a New Year's Eve makeover to ring in the new year. www.hairinthecity.me
Don't let the door hit ya. Rowan.
Wish I could follow my wallet...
Q1 Mobiles prevail, but I still have kids using our library phone to call home. C'mon.
Armwood Editorial And Opinion Blog: msnbc tv: Romney too afraid ...
Cargo door blew open at 30k feet on our plane so back at terminal F. I hate terminal F.
Yeah sure, and we'll diss ourselves with you. Seriously We can discuss the details >
okay, well, anyways, in the past week, I almost met Alli, & saw Cody in concert. OMG, HE'S SO GOOD LIVE ♥
you mean like broadcasted on albany student television?
dang up pretty early for some reason
Having fun in Charleston being the life of the party with and mersadeas
8 hours on set of mc and absolutely none to eat or drink, this is insaine people!!!
my feet are aching from work... :/
U just came from practice?
it is by caffeine alone that I set my mind in motion.
"There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you. 1. You really care about them 2. They don't care about you"
yeah all good. Bloody perfect weather here right now.
2 #hospital At 3:30pm room at ICU was available but wife was told there is no nurse to take care of the patient. Con't
It's flip-flop season. Spare your professional image and resist the urge to wear them at work. And walk carefully.
James Harden sealed the deal for OKC, and sent the champs packing. He had himself a game tonight!
yaaaay! My Mom didn't see it. She was pretty bummed. Told her it will air again.
RIP Dick Clark.
If anyone wants to give me their sweatshirt I wouldn't be mad. #freezingcold #helpme ⛄
No way they even have the same ace cheer. Ah ace, woosh. Stop this
For my 100th tweet I will reveal who I really am wearing nothing but a tube sock. Shit I miscounted, guess you'll have to wait till 200.
Exams are gonna be the death of me...
Have you been there? It's pretty cozy inside.
More from osu lacrosse announcer, "its my first time in a skinny tie.".
I still wish that the cast of WOWP would surprise us with a new movie this summer.
its OK Bingy, I forgive you...
Super excited to start shopping for Secret Santa 2.0. Thanks for coordinating!
1980s - tequila rises in US, following rise of Mexican food. 75% of all tequila produced is exported!
cute clothes!:)
All i want for my birthday is that win! And maybe some birthday love from my fav player ??
I think it's implied
Pls don't ask if I want to read the article's mobile version when you know I am using a mobile device. Just provide the mobile version.
been getting a lot of messages from new and upcoming bands :) idk how its happening, but I love this. keep em' coming.
Follow along a month long journey to 's launch!
Go ahead if you want to
#Lakers’ Hill charged in alleged choking incident
Hah! Now you've got me going down the rabbit hole of 's blog :-)
hahaah and oh my... Why?!
just got #silversky, great work fellas! Love the album!
i dont know what the hell you are talking about
Happy Saint Patricks Day! I'm celebrating w Irish trad music, corn beef & cabbage and a trip to the Broken Spoke in Austin, TX
Mac City
I don't feel like myself when I'm not with <3
First two questions when invited to a bonfire: "What type of beer should I bring? And, can I bring my own Axe?"
I need a waterproof notetaker since it seems I only have brilliant ideas while in the shower, and upon finishing I promptly forget.
I have strep throat. Honest. RT Bro....Delmon Young and Alex Avila? Are you even trying out there?
Liked your video! great promo.
so close
RT : Want tix to THE WEEKND tonite ? Tell us how much you love The Weeknd and include
Hi Lisa, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
I NEED YA BOO! plz follow me back!!!<3 love you
Dave, please watch the last 2 mins of the link I just sent you!
Paradise products soy massage candles are officially on sale at Rethreads. What? Yes!
hey guys cc:
Hello New York City!
words to live by Jeanne...thank you, well-written
Don't let America's "states" bother you. They're technically provinces. The US itself is a "Nation State."
Honestly while this hurts at least OKC gave us a clean kill....Katniss Everdeen would do the same.
Oh wait. One of my first comments has 138 karma. Nevermind XD
Had a great meeting with today about some very exciting potential projects for this year. :-)
on healthcare-"It's not about access anymore but abt how to pay providers for outcomes." Extendable to #highered?
congrats! My friend is interning for them too. Where is yours?
If u fucks wit me follow its my new twitter..I don't fuck wit dis 1 dat much..
Keep your wood color consistent throughout – off-color items or areas can be O.K. as “features”.
It's quite telling how wives & angry women are torpedoing the GOP contenders...I'm sure Michelle Obama is loving this!
exact thought. Wife is a smoke tho RT : Mayweather is fighting Pitbull tonight?!?
OMG you're in CHICAGO! Dream come true! ;D
RT : Seriously considering a #neatdesk scanner to get rid of paper receipts and get organized. Love it or leave it?
Hillshire Farm is putting out some weird commercials...what's up with their ad strategy?
So I get home from Guatemala tonight. Who's coming over to help I move on Sunday?
I feel so sorry for the Swiss! Bet the banks will open her with open & deep pockets. Such a hypocrite!
Did that bitch just say that? +.O
1 Avery St Unit 33A - carpets for bedrooms
PHX won in OT, but Hossa got hurt on a very dirty play by Torres.
awesome, thanks very much!
$30 for a dozen Hubig's Pies (shipping included) Apple, Lemon, Peach, Pineapple, Coconut, Chocolate & Banana! ORDER TODAY @ WWW.HUBIGS.COM
I need a sandwich...
for some great South African recipes be sure to follow " After Party Chefs "
ADD LAFAYETTE DOTSON AS A FRIEND IF YOU WANNA LISTEN TO HIS HOT MUSIC,,HE WILL ALSO PROMOTE YOUR MUSIC FOR FREE..SUPPORT
you can edit your team up until the first game on Thursday. After that your teams are locked. So if a players team is eliminated
I just want to be on a plane. Headed anywhere. ✈
#2wordsasianpeoplefear You Failed.
I miss my mom at least she'll be back tomorrow
Maui Mall is turning 40 this year! Look for lots of prize giveaways and great entertainment in December!
You should have got a email:P
- it is absurd that Google Groups doesn't have a real calendar option. They really can't figure out how to embed a calendar into groups?
Man I had to take a long ass mf nap I was bout tired as hell in this bitch
Got what? RT : Got it.
U of L played a hell of a game for real tho. I was shocked to see them on that side of the bracket anyways!
Last night I found out the correct word for a bull fighter is a matador...pointless facts
LAST CHANCE: Pete MCutchen's photography show "Tracks" closes at the end of March! Come by to enjoy his vibrant, colorful prints!
I appreciate it.
Had to get some new hooping shoes..size 16 are hard to find makes it easier for cats like me..who's ready to get dunked on!
no prob! big congrats, you guys are doing a great job!
ford fiesta - that's my ride. you're right to wish for it! ;-)
m. You'll be a sexy stud in no time :)
I don't like it when girls have long nails.. :(
Lol you know me! haha! We have a bunch!
Fuck boys and how stupidly impossible they are to shop for....
The deadline for entry's in June 13th.
just when I thought I had seen it all at UC. Go trip him lol
Where my nigga kev at.........got something lined up
Morning greetings doesn’t only mean saying Good Morning, it has a silent message saying: I remember you when I wake up!
I just took a BS test.
#SpecialShout & all military wives/moms of the brave soldiers who protect our freedoms.
Is it December 13th yet? I need to graduate and get out of college asap.
I could be in for this. Love me some Mamadou! What time?
Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart.
Can someone explain to me how TV show recapping has any value whatsoever?
Mancini comes across as one with the least IQ of all the managers.
sextip, put her legs on your shoulders while she's on her back and POUND IT. She'll love that
what type of ideas stand out?
RT : we demand sports AND professional BOTH don't split the streams.|Yipes a directive from Tocqueville.Must be a Packer fan.
what great friends i have, tell me they will call me later so we can hang but 3 hours later and here i am sitting at home on twitter &tumblr
and the one thing that pisses me off more than ANYTHING is someone even threatening a woman with violence.
Got loud after Truth 3 ": Celtics fans here are feeling it. Feels like a high school games between local rivals in the stands."
Is the LoganZone back on the air with a regular timeslot?
walk in to a room, change the song, leave the room
This wins the best juxtaposition of the week award. Brilliant.
“: I feel like I just watched Bradshaw chose between the red pill and the blue pill and super slo-mo.”
tried to visit you link but not working properly
"I feel God" this song always puts me on a great mood!
ima prob just head over today after school
Is the game on yet?.
shout out to Nichole for rockin with the Brass-A-Holics @ the Blue Nile...welcome to the B-A-H Nation!!!
One nation under Joseph Smith. Mitt 2012
thanks man!
#sschat #edchat Ready to develop some awesome ideas I've gathered this week for my classes but sad to see Spring Break come to an end.
My doormat is wittier.
Happy Birthday Coach Alex :-)
"Every soul comes with a CarFax." -Houston Texans RB Arian Foster, on how he knows about his past lives.
There is nothing good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
RT : Diamonds are formed under pressure. Rather than resist - remember you are priceless - and show your sparkle!
Also: son quietly acknowledged me at Career Day, so that's something.
What goes around comes back around .
“ #Geminis are so easily irritated.”
Um who is @/J1981A2432
Miss America 2012 Beyonce who run the world is a famous song I remember years ago they didn't Even play hip hop
Fell asleep in Art History again!
Enjoying a beautiful afternoon at Barefoot. Beach.
Some of our staff are heading to today to help repackage and distribute food. Looking forward to lending a hand!
using PubMed after almost one year. feels strange; it has changed quite a bit too. does anyone have a quick tutorial?
Hey! Thanks to your columns, I invested in some home gym gear.
Going to send my mom her stuff n my sis her stuff to one is shipped to texas n the other is to california. I hopes it gets their by tues (:
Distance is not measured in miles but in affection. Two people can be right next to each other yet miles apart
Whyy Get In A Relationship If Your Just Gonna Cheat!!?
how long are you in NYC? I'm in tonight & Mon...would love to see you!!
The Milwaukee Bucks even have fans show up. That team is gawdawful. My God, the Heat need new fans.
The Follow The Leaders tape is dope
was he drinkn or no
A smokey eye and pink lip never fails!
How is Kat doing on the cruise by the way?!
Hello Monday please give me the strength to not cop an assault charge today.
You do realize there Hou that I just called you a 'lady', no?!? Like I said...
But good news, right?
Today was perfect<3
Was this the last version left for your set to be complete?
Looking in the mirror only allows one to correct external flaws, the key to correcting what's inside is looking to the creator. Chás This...
If I were owned a porn company. My slogan would read "No one ever pays me in Cum....."
thank yoou, very much. I felt so bad, because tess was in the car & we got hit at the same time on both sides..
If ur still chasing after a nigga money u still don't have a clue honey!!!
They need to change the name, add brand new logo, develop more edgy, modern campaigns, and partner with a big retailer to debut newness.
Just a lot of cheesy zombie, alien, sasquatch type displays. It was a tiny little museum/gift shop.
AH! I can not explain so AMAZING you are!! I love you!! Your the best! Please notice that I've met you at California's AVP
Aside from recording and rehearsing at ModlHome, I can also come to you to provide a sound system for your next live event, concert, etc.
What's a referral group? You own your category so there is no competition. We are a tight-knit group w/ strong networks. Let's talk!
They wouldn't - it was just such a great venue. Ppl are now too attracted to shiny and new. Video screens over history.
LIFE AQUATIC and DARJEELING LIMITED have grown on me over time. When I first saw them I just wasn't bothered. I now think they're damn good.
Julia made me try Kombucha for the first time today. I'm hooked.
So did we! MT : Had an amazing evening big bold benefit hearing and give amazing pitches!
going to bed son.
If I had a magic wand...
Just livin' the dream! Have a great day everyone. <3
Looks like Manning to Mile High RT : Sources: The have been informed that Peyton Manning will not sign with them
did anyone else used to watch the surgery channel for fun?
Everyone's Telling Me That Selena Gomez && Justin Bieber Broke Up :O Did They?
that movie kicks ass!
I want to make my designs a reality.
These people go from one extreme to the next - gives me a headache.
"The earth is the LORD's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and those who dwell therein."~Psalm 24:1
Hells yes!! I support bi sexual women.. There is nothing wrong wit it. #Waves at all bi sexual women
Not going to NYG
Are you really going 40 in a 55?
a more accurate statement would have been: of course i was sm'ing, what are the odds of me enjoying someone else's misfortune.
where are you? you need to get in front of the camera!
Meeting TONIGHT! New members are always welcome!! Meet with us at 6:30 in BH 233!! Can't wait to see you there!
love you all <3
We can't wait 4U to meet from Rupaul's Drag Race at our event SD! www.exhibitambush.com
Feeling so inspired tonight! Thank you to #MissyElliott, , and
They say the inability to except a loss is a moment of insanity...
Wind, can you please blow me away to someplace less windy?
Let me make sure I understand #birdingthenet scoring: It doesn't matter what place you are for #33, it only matters who gets #34 first, yes?
Thank You Wendy! See u Monday! RT : Miss ur face. #CanItBeMondayAlready?!
What's up, buddy? Long way since the days of D&L Window Tinting at Hamilton! Hope all is well with you, too.
Time for bed! We shall continue these shinanigans at a later time...unless I can't fall asleep. lol
BRB,BUYING ALL THE COPIES.
Great to hear! RT : Got me the best $5 haircut I've had in years at today.
Closer closer I need to closer to you
says Attitude, ability, action- the formula for building your #personal brand.
Thanks to my friends' Facebook posts, the only part of the Oscars I feel I truly missed was Melissa Leo's F-bomb. You go, girl.
Making a list of women pioneers in technology and media. Already have Lovelace, Hopper, Oprah. Throw me some names...
&& i decided you look well on me.
Memento Mori closes this Sunday, May 6th. Come on by for a visit before then.
RT : #PABudget: SSHE: The state's 14 universities will receive a total of $232 Million -- a 53% reduction in state funding.
I got on fb, i went outside, i played games, ect.
I love you katy perry
ur welcome ketchup
is hosting our #FilmFestival after party this evening! Drop by at 10PM!
ooh ok..yea that's how mine are just sometimes when it dries it gets puffy not curled
Prob what gave him the stroke. MT : At least Maurice Sendak lived long enuf to see his book turned into a horrendous movie.
An undeniable, and unfortunate, fact: an attractive university website does not mean an attractive university library website.
we end next week actually! I ll just be hanging out in baton rouge for a little!
I just got to quote the Bible. My work here is done.
I am open hearted but too trouble minded
Made some raw almond milk. Very easy to make, cheap and much much tastier than the packaged one. Left over pulp I used for "cheese" spread.
People at #pcpgh6 kept telling me to contact you a/b our first ever "National LearnIt" this Wed. Want more info?
It's friday the 13th! xD
yea it does. :) I think I'm gonna have to go to sleep soon
If you have 180k+ followers and you make a joke that gets less than 5 RT's, you should probably give up for the night.
i will make one soon lol
Well? Well? What was it?
good looking.
don't be
": Happy thanksgiving I hope all is well out there." Happy thanksgiving to you and yours.
no how could glee end like that? :(
doing well! How bout u!? Long time no see!
thinks it's sad when some family members are nothing more than strangers with the same blood line.
you are my hero... way to venture out of the comfort zone. Kumquat Marmalade win?! see you tomorrow ;)
yep hahahah. Best lunch table ever.
Pot shouldn't be illegal, but air dusted should:P
Well, well, well...you can never tell.
Thank's 4 the invite but I'm moving to NY on Thursday...have a great time tho & Happy Early B-day!!!! :)
For some reason I just want to curl up in a blanket And watch a ton of my favorite movies
OMG!! I bought a card to send. Envelope says "extra postage required." Just TRY to find out how much on the USPS web site.
Do you feel sick yet? No thank God. You could still be in the incubation period. -
yeah thats true it's restarted that we had to do that
I go home monday! and I straightened my hair and uhm...idk what else
As a strong counterpoint to that last thought are the three people who've stopped to see if I have help on the way!
hey Sydney!
Well Thankyou very much! Its shipping out for you today! Youre gonna love it!
Happy Anniversary TEXAS !!!
RT : introduced XR Trading to excited that thru XR Cares they'll volunteer time to conduct mock interviews!
FINALLY had the meeting that could change my life TODAY...
no way! Great organization to work for. #TUinDC doing big things!
Of course! You were great. Nice to see a fellow #SMPP -er on my TV screen.
I don't want this soup, but i feel like I must eat it. aha
I'm sorry to anyone I've hurt anyone I've annoyed or anyone who hates me😓 I really am x
And if you ever need minor league info, is the only place!
Does that sound like something that should be used as the starting point for someone's CS education?
Good luck on your ride this weekend from OC to Bmore. My friend is doing it too.
Well, yes. That would make *me* scream, most certainly.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx BRYAN PITTS
doing homes. In the crawl space we had to build floating devices to work on, to much rain water made it impossible to crawl
dear journal, your RSS feed containing one item is not useful to me.
- Thanks for following! Cooking and reading - two of my favorite pastimes!
Late nights. Early mornings.
Mid-century is hott right now! Hopefully next time we will be able to help out. Thanks for the mention!
why don't you go to sleep?
Our solution delivers a flawless tan, with perfect mahogany color, for ALL skin types. Never looking fake!
daily #dressage tip: do your trot work to desmond dekker's 'it mek', 'music like dirt' and 'the israelites'. gets the back swinging nicely
yep a couple near Indianapolis another in Kansas City. We were only able to move one to WI. SpeadingOut across Midwest
he thinks ur full of crap! He says his breath smells fabulous.
2nite my identity will finally b revealed! Its been a great time tweeting with you all! Reveal your tweet side so everyone knows who you are
In states that "non-compete" clauses don't hold up, I have been seeing around a 10 percentage point discount for the valuation of Goodwill.
It's #BikeToWorkWeek. Are you braving the traffic on your bike?
Maybe the point is: does anyone have use for ineffective teachers:
If you confuse 'then' and 'than', you're basic as shit.
some new music would be about the only thing that could make this day better!
“: Pretty sure all of #NASCAR is cheering for Bubba right now.” :)
Pittsburgh is a ton of fun!
Merry Christmas.
Yay Rhonda! Thank you for coming to NYC. Killing it at Santo's.
Many thanks It's tech week, and opening this weekend and I can't wait to use this for the performance.
Stranding the PITCHER after he leads off with a double is just brutal. More likely than not to cost them later.
The guy next to me at the bar has a Strong Bad shirt on. His girlfriend is one lucky girl!
Had to leave the room while the BF was watching.
Some guys tweet some corny lovey dovey shit just to get girls' attention. Dude it's twitter, you're still not gonna get it in.
most lovely word I read all year, "poetesses". Enjoying the book!
So ready to be back in ny #nineonefour hurrr I come
Bad ass!
So ready to drop
Why is #brightmoor in #Detroit blowing up my feed? Seriously, that hood barely has running water, let alone the twitters!
Ppl keep scarin me sayin my bday is gonna be a night to remember
I held a turtle today. :-)
I know its hard not to amazing voice, music, giving man, and of course sexy lol
Never knew about "Romy & Michelle: In the Beginning" from 2004, with Katherine Heigl...
follow me boo
#fridayreads Reading 2666 this weekend. Doubt I'll be finished by Sunday night.
what up gurl
lol sorry c u wen u get home
still calling!
We got out of our NFLX trade at just the right time. NFLX falls hard today. Put options the only way to make $$
If they paid $135., they are getting into BEA but not as PRESS. If they applied as PRESS it is separate issue.
Just saw a guy riding in a boat wearing a captain hat/jacket with no shirt.
its all about Great Records
That's not because he wasn't capable ": Not going to lie, a little surprised about the thriving FA market for Eddie Royal... "
of course all the good things happen at school when im not there
An institution's history (as EU's will convey in such a case study) evolves but must be disseminated, digitally anymore, so truer forms...
RT : Reduce your carbon foot print by remembering to use your thermal mugs for #coffee & waterbottles for
of course we are! :D
enjoyin your posts today!! +espec the 1-2-3 post, rooting for that #GreenJacket look on ya when u see your wife, babyboy Praise
cool, keep me posted... Jump on that 2k later
Really good question. I would seriously consider withdrawing from consideration if I was asked for my Facebook password.
The waste of money cures itself, for soon there is no more to waste
Oil will always be so incredibly sensual.
should it matter nicholette is just one of the boyz sister john IS one of the boyz
well she was trying to open my door! 😰
Win or lose, delivered one of best lines in reality TV ever: "Go back to Party City where you belong."
3 times tonight! Can't wait! You'll always be my american idol
tie my handle bars to the stars so I stay on track.
haven't Been here for long, and headed back to Philly in a few hours. Any tips for where I should go?
Ahh random cramp!!
UK One Direction > US One Direction. ❤
Love is like a baseball game 3 strikes and you're... OUT!
Great article! We're thrilled to be the first faculty at Khan Academy with Sal!
90 minutes until it gets real raw at Trivia style.
So true!
... in the mood for love,.. but steerin clear of situations where jealous tempers flare up,.. especially because we're attached.
Since I've been watching a shit-ton of Hoarders lately...I've been tempted to walk around my neighborhood and do some investigating.
you got it!
Where can I buy Don Lee Farms Veggie Patties in Las Vegas, NV ... Costco does not carry them in Las Vegas
?? cut into my fav show #jeopardy to announce barely won his home state MI? #IdontCare!!
PrivateSoiree::View Blog
Hey :) you're Oz equivalent ?
There is no such thing as ugliness. Everyone can be beautiful in their own way. (:
Jealousy makes a fake bitch talk shit .
Thanks for the RT! :)
I be slappin that #CashinOut out here in the Bay!!! Track goes hard!!!
It's a beautiful day on the bay. It smells like baseball!
Thanks for the shout buddy! Dubstep in a Mcdonalds? Way better than that crappy R&B Pop they played on their old commercials haha
Taking online training for work. Slide: A Smile Can Influence Attitude. Did this guy really say "no need to act like a knee slapping fool"?
what's good kousin?
I've decided to write something useful this time.
At Brett Michael concert in Sandwich I'll tonight at 8:00PM
cnt believe i jus turned that down and i miss you so bad..but im proud of myself..
Visiting Calvary Christian & Bishop Chatard next week for yVote! Looking forward to registering and preparing young ppl to vote.
At dinner with She just started rapping. Check, please!
Nothin but a bully
I went with Jolie hahaha. and she paid for me.
SO close! I need to feel better! I swear I've been sick forever.
Going to Sugar Hollow to cool off in a Blue Ridge stream
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 6
What is that? It doesn't even look like food.
oh, I know. I eat it with a spoon.
I hate that feeling when ur laying down with ur hair damped and ur hair just naturally has curls >.<
Problem w/Prop A isn't that its anti-union, its that it flies in the face of exactly what non-union supporters of the measure stand for...
MSB + Wasim = Transforming the world. The new world.
The key is the grill/press the bread! It's the only defense against liquid #cheese and #BBQ sauce.
Where do you think it is/ where do you think it should be held at?
i dont care if that bitch gotta gun, we are talking about my boyz here!
Frank Martin was a great coach for KSU. We'll miss him over here in the Big 12, but I'm sure he'll be great over there!
Still reeling from this. Love to Davis & MacPhail families today. #RIPTroyDavis RT Troy Davis Executed in Georgia dlvr.it/mbB6W
Really! *Intense staring competition*
some folks think that "telling off people" of other faiths is "ministry"...
Ipod took a dump this morning. Luckily I fixed it....I think
Passing through Kentucky.. Ready to be home.
This is Mark Zuckerberg (founder of FB) .☻. /█\ .| |. How many thanks can he Get for such social network? 1LIKE = 1THANKS (:
Definitely not a
... and since we're bitching about #google #chrome with #Windows aero, btw ... its hard to tell which application has focus -
"Once in a while, RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF ORDINARY LIFE Love gives us a fairy tale.♥"
Scags app now has Scags at 7 and soon it will have Scags at 18. Living Books are the best thing yet. Download the app for free and see.
loves being the girl that has the lunch that everyone is jealous of! meatloaf sammy on wheat bagel, yogurt and fresh fruit salad
I don't care what you think of me. James Blunt thinks I'm beautiful.
While your Missin it, I'm kissin it
What fast food item would you never eat again?
Okay, for draw something with your sister I drew a glove. Lou's supposed to be wearing it but...
Have 2 model camps.coming up. Need stylists. i'm going 2 need your magical hair whipping hands on deck. Expect a call soon!
meatballs and ranch dressing, topped with pizza rolls. And cheese.
how does one parlay small victories into larger ones?
I think it would be a cute look!
I want to punch Bobby Valentine in the throat.
Happy New Year Everyone. Thanks for your support this past year! Very Much Appreciated!
