At barneys birthday bash
Hey Paris! I just started following u, just wanted 2 say I keep ur Dad in my prayers & listen 2 his music everyday! God bless
Monkey?? Lol “ I would eat some monkey if it was in front of me right now”
tweets are great!
Good Night !!
I am now on my 4 day weekend! Its a great thing :)
That's almost as many as scanned it at the museum, no? Says sth about the unique & quirky peeps at #MW2012 !
Everyone follow the CEO of -->
Omgg really?(: for his show?:)
RT : Jamaican music get me hype .
Thank U 4 AGAIN mobilizing 2 help CIS students&families. This time, it was finding beds for a CIS family! Amazing partner!
That could make sense. But the appolicious article is from 2010 & demand for mobile developers has increased a lot since then.
this too shall pass
how u liking cali bro?
Everyone getting ready for a fantastic time at #Hempcon this year? Look around for us and come say high!
if you could follow EVERY Mahomie, would you? :)
At Seaworld! Hot!!! My iPhone was stolen yesterday & lost all contacts :( having fun though!
Only 4 more days until we raffle of the Ipod Shuffle! Don't miss out, enter today!
There not,he is still single:) Read his tweets
But do you tenderly, lovingly care?
I think there's some1 4 evry1 jus keep an open mind and heart.
RTBlairKerkhoff: Kansas has played 227 games without consecutive losses, Duke 112. On Wed, KU visits Baylor, Duke goes to UNC.
i send u it lets go
should come too Scotland and have a big glass of Irn bru!!! You don't know what your missing! :P hehehe <3
thank you(:
want to read the op-ed, but the link's not working. can you tweet it again? looks exciting!
weird! i wonder why... it is awesome.. sorry dude!
#Crew96 RT The internal flame of loyalty never flickers for fans of the beautiful game.
I see the homie is following people I hope for a followback also !!
You know you're class is fun when you can include a fake exam question that asks them to define/use an imaginary concept... & they like it.
same here, would love to get just even one wilco ticket! Any stations giving out tix?
Early submission deadline vastly approaching! www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
I need a new twitter name....preferably with MY name in it. hm suggestions anyone? I'm SO uncreative.
RT : First tsunami from Chile earthquake quake strikes Japanese coast; initial waves small - Associated Press
ha! I was just thinking the same thing.
worst day ever.
Lmao i have a headache atleast i brought advil with me haha
just turn off your hair and go back to work.
yes, golf. Good catch Mike!
do you like salsa music i been trying to learn spanish so i can impress her and be sweet i really like spanish music now
Today's trip w/ & was worth putting a suit on for. We met #winning incarnate.
#Stanford scores 4 straight to grab 35-29 lead with 1:43 left. Minutemen need to keep it close with Williams on the bench.
Heading to LA for #lamarket to do my fall buying for !
I want an owl and,or a monkey.
they have half price tickets on Goldstar if you wanna see it. Just don't sit in the front couple row if you don't want to get wet.
The positive vibes of check them on FB.. Great networking connection
follow an little elephant
girls from Mayville are crazy like that! Trust me I know!
Alright then I will :)
2012 here we come
There's no such thing as death. It's just an experience. A change of clothes.
Not a damn thing's changed. Powerpoint still sucks.
So stoked for today! See you there?
#21CRadio A5 I like local music blogs like and also follow a lot of music Tumblrs
We were made to be like speakers amplifying Christ
No one likes spam. So stop
You guys. IM GOING TO CHILDISH GAMBINO. #HellYea :D :D
I would tend to agree. For now. But I don't think Chomsky argued otherwise.
The goverment dude.
Moyer has motivation, he's going for 300!
I didn't make twitter to have any drama actually i was forced to make a twitter by an unnamable person lmao buht ilove it now..!!!
Excited for Lambda Pi Eta's internship information session tonight. See you at 6pm!
I just realize something :(
Pretty face could you make the jump with me? I'm dying just to let things go.
Soccer game #2 for Justin tonight! Scored the game-winner Saturday, so let's see what tonight holds!
is definitely the best reason I've ever seen to be drunk for the Oscars. Here goes nothing...
The Bet awards are going Great....
texting josh :3.
must sleep well tonight cause starting tomorrow, my brain and body will be going on a chaotic ride - good and bad. hopefully more good
Touché! RT : ": (Broadway/Musical references are my favorite)" / "this Jesus must die" -Cahifas, JCSuperstar
ANVC/Scalar works w/cultural heritage institutions (like Shoah) to help move scholars' interaction from access to interpretation.
the feeling's mutual. But do you like me more or ????
I've seen it twice on teens in The D so it must be hot: Plaid shirt with (mismatched) plaid shorts. Walking picnic blanket or cutting-edge?
ouch, hope you're ok.
thanks a lot!!
Their best album. Awesome dude!
ya well we just got off the river trail downtown, we got poured on half way, then it was REAL slick.
Until You by Billy Currington >>>>
thank you for leading on food stamp challenge in Phila. Who else will be so bold?
the is what I ment not he
Happy Birthday !
What inspires you to dance?
U might be onto something! Instagram competition for best Screaming Tuna pic? Winner gets sushi for a lifetime? (or ONE roll) =)
My favorites: Pok Pok, Bunk sandwiches, Lucky Lab beer hall, Deschutes Brewery, Hedge House, New Old Lompoc, Bailey's Taproom
in the house launch sippin on
GOOD JOB RILEY U GO GIRL!!!!!!
What's everyone up to tonight? Us? We're hanging out on the porch listening to some smooth Country tunes! Join us:...
Absolutely! Makes us human.
S/0 to all my new followers I see yall
image says alot and thats wat you need when rapping
It is neither good nor bad, but thinking makes it so. -William Shakespeare
I will for sure in Fall at the latest...when I do... we gonna shot a video for dat song wit me and Spade
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter the first Top Trend was something to do with Justin Bieber. That hasn't changed much.
hey young Ma im excited to see you
@ LAX. Bye everyone.
Gas prices are ridiculous...smh
Lots of references to companies hiring during intros at #BCBos. Thats a good thing.
I love the garden and tomato basil chippppss! Oh my goodness.
PHOTOBOOTHING-Thanks friends in: Kingfisher, Stillwater, Guthrie, Choctaw, Tulsa & Newcastle! great Wknd w/
Hard truths cut both ways.
Holla People Getting ready for school!.. Yay! Only 16 more days left XD
At L&L! Hollaaaaaa
Are you managing social media over there?
I love when females know how to shoot!! it's most definitely a necessity :)))
no! i would NEVER call you a hoe! see...just look @ this. This is the job- now here's ur experience::::::You're just overqualified...see? :D
How yal doing tonight
he must have been good in bed because even his hair can pop a boner!
your very welcome! :-)
If you aint at the Vogue tonite!!! You crazy!!!
Fingerprints on that mobile device? Stop by booth #345 by the cyber café for a complimentary microfiber screen cloth!
heart of a lion
WORSHIP THE BEAST!
Excited to attend For Sisters Only today with some cool sistahs :)
I wish I was still asleep in my warm bed :(
RT : I got a Klout + K from Jessica Northey!!!??? In the words of VH1, I'm having the
Waking up at 6:30 just to go on a field trip to Austin with my amazing cousin:)
We have some superclouds here in Portland tonight.
#dsoc #sla2011 great session on workplace & privacy rights this morn. Perhaps an update in chicago?
Don't Sleep Just Grind
damn cold will not go away still sneezing like a mad man.
Should be a great afternoon of #golf at
LOL My daughter loves that show. The moms & Abby scare me RT : Dance Moms makes me feel better about my mothering skills.
great take on the BFT lets get J Crawford bro
Prost! Four Peaks Brewing Co. is the place for b(i/e)er in Tempe. Or at least it was six years ago...
could you follow ?(:
As long as you're the first dude that uses it. Lol.
#TheMostCommonLies- YES/NO
why because I'm the only one in this account I think i need
Just threw a pen away because it ran out of ink…2nd time that's happened this year! I really feel like I accomplished something.
That's one of the cutest thing I've ever seen. Where is it?
Who? and Why?
no I'm going! I'm just not driving since I don't think it's scary!
Been spending so much time on fb lately...started to "like" your comment. ;)
nothing bored as fuck at home.
People initially said Twitter wasn't useful. Response was "same with ice cream. Should we get rid of it too?"
Hey can you believe I'm actually on twitter?
Caught a foul ball tonight?
OMG that's super original and has never been done before!... But yes.
Game at Bethlehem.
I love Don Trip music!!
Tagging is very important in sharing information in and as it helps in the ordering of thoughts
How does kissing and showing affection influence children?
I know I C u center of the stag RT : Jammin Waka Flocka concert
i'm pretty sure it's saying if you had a twin ...
Play with you 29th. CD release Nov. Email us about possible show trade.
It's Friday. It's warm out. It's b-day party. This calls for breaking out the Hawaiian Tommy Bahama. (and flip-flops too)
I think obnoxious neighbors are very much the same, yes. At least they've stopped, for now.
It is so trippy seeing Rihanna perform minutes after her ex batterer. #nope still not over it.
Life is amazing! End everyday with victory and if that fails, attempt again! Og Mandino "greatest salesman in the world"
I have strong feelings about gun control. If there's a gun around, I want to be controlling it. -- Clint Eastwood (from Pink Cadillac).
Celebrating my birthday at the Edison tonight! Stop by and have a drink with us!
For those wondering, Ben and Jerry's banana peanut butter greek yogurt is pretty amazing. Not so healthy, though!
People will forget what you said. They will forget what you did. But they will never forget how you made them feel. - Thanks
Right back at cha...
Wish I could but I'm at work. I'll try later if your still on.
What...No more Keith on MSNBC. What will I do
Scribblers Success Formula: Share you expertise, Ask Questions, Showcase Your Work, Showcase Their Work #CTCTFB Perfect!
“: Just trying to pad my tweet stats.”. Gotta pad my stats!!!
IT IS REAL YOU EMO!! Actually, it's FAKE!!!!
Easier, faster for the FOIA officers to redact on paper - tried to train ours how to do digitally - or at least scan but no luck.
Hey Fla! #Happy Friday!
Family day at church was amazing <3
u mad bro?
oh, right. forgot we were talking about Pouliot. Hell, I don't know what I'm talking about at all anymore.
U don't even have to the best body to make money just gotta do all the right moves!!
thanks! And , happy to help our if you have any questions.
There's nothing like a night with to turn a rough day around. :) love her!
Tom Terry is "keeping an eye on this rotation" the same way a lion keeps his eye on a limping gazelle.
off this for now, gotta love my 2nd family <3
any chance Burfict could be switched to an OLB or DE? He's big enough and would be a scary pass rusher.
Then come to Gumer's to find the perfect ring and band! RT : Know someone planning their BIG DAY in 2012? Museum weddings are...
My room is so damn messy
Fiber makes me sad:-(
Can't wait to see you there! Make sure to tweet pics / updates.
Nothing like starting off the week with 5 hours of sleep!
Chill out nigga I'm about to enjoy myself
I made this crazy concoction of a breakfast smoothie that has kept me completely full for hours... weird. I usually get hungrier after one
OOH Ya man follows u on twitter? Smh Thats too bad lol
Good morning world. :D
talk that shit, i walk that shit
you're going?! So jealous #havefunnnn :)
You should(:
"it is not so much what we do as it is how we do it that makes the difference in our lives."
Why isSEO best job in the world? Because we help people achieve their online goals while providing the best ROI for their advertising $$$
nice vocabulary
what u got?
I am RT OMG tonight's DH is so good! Who's watching tonight? And right before us is GCB!
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of and you don't got swag!
love a good smack talker!
Madison NO FEAR Dentistry awarded "Best Places to Work" by Madison Magazine!!
My mac gotta fly in style i need a new hand bag.
how are you?
Wednesday Delivery Special: Free drinks on orders for 5 box lunches!
I know right?? hahaha!!! So... DO YOU put the seat down???
thank you for always providing us with valuable health information. #health comes first!
'not only is this the biggest manchester derby ever played, it might just be the biggest english premiership league game ever played.'
Superb, and if you don't mind awfully, Tam Holland, you're being followed :o) High Praise, Cat!
Thanks! We'll definitely consider for future eps!
I miss wikipedia so much.
I so love and still is a fan!!!!!
yeah, it was very setup-heavy. nothing too exciting, aside from the shocking lack of nudity
S/o to for the follow.
#oerseries what's in it for the creators?
All teams in top 7 and trading partners have helped there teams Ina BIG way !!! Great draft so far!!!
Way too many picks each year for Rivers. And always negative. He's another Jay Cutler.
Indeed it is!
I know, I know.
WHY THE HECK ARE YOU FAVORITING EVERYTHING... KEY WORD EVERYTHING.... WATCH AT SCHOOL JUST WATCH!
Rush Limbaugh has lost so many advertisers that his show had several total minutes of dead air today.
No you wont! ;)
obviously! There was lots of "yazz" flute.
Finally getting Chipotle, thank the heavenly anti-christ
thanks for the #FF!!
lost boys
gym mats gym matting gym flooring - gym mats flooring
Washington should retire that niggas jersey cause he rejuvenated that franchise.
Yep he did. The other brotha Lucca was in 3rd place
hell yea
I know you got a super awesome score on the ACT but can you like stop posting it all over Facebook? K thanks bye.
Do you realize the 850 billion dollar bank bailout is greater than the entire running budget of NASA over the last 50 years? - Neal Degrasse
Anyway to make dolphin my default browser
RT if you love giraffes
At Groves you can be sure of a secure, safe, gated community.
I do that at 6:30 am in the shower! Wake up da whole house :)
i wish i was beautiful.
haha yeah true! but its cute! haha, but i understand it could probably get really annoying
Its wednesday so its time to be optomistic!! At least the weeks halfway over.....
We welcome walk-ins! We have 2 one-chair rooms + a two-chair "couples" room (it's very popular so we recommend reserving it ahead of time).
Sections 123 get free smtown shirts. Why?
you know, Using "swag" at the end of every sentence doesn't make you have swag. But it does make you fucking annoying!
Im gonna get back into hip hop dancin after this is all done!
Wordle + lesson on adjectives + red paper + ole fashioned color, cut & paste = 21st century second grade fun!
Something fundamental & powerful abt the message "everyone is doing it". Social norms influence individual behavior
Guess I need to get back dressed, shoot some moves...
and politicians are punished for coming to new conclusions
I think its your bed time :p
greater trochanteric fracture is the right name...
Oh, you've got a reason.
it my birthday can i get from you both and get a win for me have a great day and be safe
RT : Q3) What “Jedi Mind Tricks” do we employ in our trade-craft?
everything is much funnier with a dirty mind
I'm not against lip-syncing. I'm against Nicki Minaj lip-syncing. And I'm against MIA, period.
fuck yes. resting on my best friend the bed <3
I'm still using the same pair after 11 years. They saved my career and I can even play music again. Highly recommended.
I know...I'm terrible. I just...i don't know man.
Wellp time to ruin my liver and damage my Brain cells. Let's get summer started
ubaldo needs a defining win & fast!
i like your quotes and can u follow me?
i sort of think we shld go to thw 3 dollar theater like.. Asaap!
The "German Ambassador to the UN" who just appeared on Colbert is an actor, and not an actual German diplomat :(
That's exactly it. Sounds like they've been spending a lot of time listening to Meat Puppets.
I can't believe that its been nine years and now its over #OneTreeHill it has changed my life.
planning on mid-may :-)
But after passing a man digging in the trash downtown this morning, I realize that I have so much to be thankful for.
Wow, that's serious business. Lol
- Finally had a chance to put my Romo together, super easy and I think it took longer to download the app then to assemble it!
Relay for life was good.. I walked for my mother god Mom and god grandmother:-) they are all cancer survivors..
pancakes it is then!! and yes with nutella on top!!! :D
Why is Justin soo amazing!?
amen! (stupid raisins!)
I second that shit!
Fb So We can Work !
Don't make me close one more door, I don't wanna hurt anymore.
i really like makeup forver hd foundation. I have several mac formulas too.. it all depends on what you want out of it.
Thank you. I am overwhelmed with happiness and gratitude!
Another beautiful day in the #ROC looking forward to getting outside!
thiis wet seal told me not to come to gardner webb
Makes me smile 😊
Home w/ my daughter today. She's not feeling well :( hope I didn't give her my cold :( 
Yes, and what he is today determines who he will be tomorrow, so the important time for action is NOW.
Cant Wait till 2maro...My Day with My Mom...............and sahkari i guess
Going to see Hunger Games tonight; wonder if it'll live up to the hype.
lol I'll have to order some for Easter! How are you?
Tomorrow!! Black Friday Tattoo Sale! Get 50% more than you spend on a gift certificate when you pay cash! $100=$150, $500=$750, etc!
can't wait for the UFO files tonight.
im sorry ive been with the fam(: but ok(:
MLB claims copyright over any video of a baseball game now?
baby you turn the temperature hotter, i'm burning up, burning up for you baby.
Just voted 5 times in a row for Melanie Amaro , you do too...
More than 2 dozen area contributors weigh in on WASTE, the latest theme issue from award-winning zine SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE!
Correction: not all of his films have strong female leads as there are exceptions such as Law of Desire & The Skin I live in for example
I like to think that I still matter.
Where are all the night owls at? RT if you're still awake.
I'm glad we have a common bond. Can only love the best, the #packers!
📱 battery depleted
I don't think this overwhelming feeling will ever go away. At least not for another 2 1/2 months.
OMG - Tommy looking like a slightly heavy set Don Knotts in his Senate bid TV spot
Why don't publishers sell ebooks directly? Would they need a retail license?
So what can you do to help childhood obesity? Check out this run. It's for a great cause and you'll get to meet me
Imma river dance my way to the next bar from this one lmao
traffic sucks!
what am i? :c
RT : BBQ Bacon Chedder Burger today ! #grubspecial COME GET SOME!!
I would personally go with Hicks and Knox. Floyd tends to 'no-show' at times and scares me. Knox in that O is looking big
You inspire me how you always create amazing, compelling content & have a fresh, interesting, cool approach.
let your smile change the world, but don´t let the world change your smile
"Culture will eat strategic planning for breakfast" ....
but that's for lolz. I don't use it out of ignorance lol
Keep seeing that Pure Michigan commercial that brags about Ann Arbwhore. *pukes in mouth*
It's Thursday & you must be thirsty. Show us your Gennys tonight, wherever they may be.
thank me now. best I ever had. sooner than later. practice. headlines...must I go on?
Doin the thing Downtown #CLE tonight...
are you effing kidding me -_-
#mittromney needs to ask himself "are any of the Osmond's gay?"
you should Skype it so I can see :). Or they should record your sesh! Good to go on Hmong! I'm stoked to hear about it
"COBRA! Get downstairs for dinner!" -COBRA
Awesome. Let me know where you r headed or when u r leaving. I am eating now. Not sure what to do after.
Awesome. Let us know how it goes and feel free to ask any questions.
. Please tell me this awesome moment was done at the hoop at my desk?
I do! They root for Philly.
yfrog.com/kkc0rpdj wow this is beautiful weeding cake by
I get great thoughts at night. Then can't sleep for fear I'll forget them in the morning.
Random people talking to me... MERP
PRAYING FOR A BLESSED SUMMER!!!
Well, I've survived the day. (Thus far--thank goodness for a fun evening planned!)
Major #marcfail: doors didnt open for a bit on 448 and then only on 3 cars - major track 13 overcrowding
No I don't. Sorry!
Ugh hate going to the doctors.
Somebody tweet me, im bored!!!
Eli was invited on his first playdate this Saturday...I'm a little nervous! =) He'll have a blast though with his little sweetie Jill Bill
If anyone is looking for a really great band to listen to, don't listen to Maroon 5. They suck. I feel like there should be PSA's a/b this.
Must say, #Madonna still looks good after all these years, tonight on (still sounds good, too—got to respect her longevity).
#Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers I told her," I love you, but until you put a ring on my finger... we're just fucking." Hope or less
It's not a good sign that I am checking for grades compulsively. I know that they won't be there until at least January 1.
Get 50% on deposit.
Feels like 119 degrees out? WHERE AM I
Agreed, Cafeteria table tents shall be added to my checklist.
Once hung out with a girl at Vertex who swore she was going to change her name to Jezebel. Don't remember her name..
Miss those nites cuddling on the couch and watching movies, fuck it i guess
got the awesome #disney fantasyland postcard in the mail last night! It made my day!! :D
Paid a freshman to give me her marketing project. I'm THAT done with school.
Going to see The Screwtape Letters at the Taft Theater tonight.
#badarchivists process collections with a Cuisinart.
Up late working on the phone directory - should be ready in a few days
All local draft sampling party tonite 6-8pm. Lavery La Bealtaine, Voodoo White Magic, Helltown Idle Hands DIPA, All Saints IPA EE Monkey Boy
Really want the Grizzlies to win it all now.
Half the time when I dream of my parents they are themselves, the other half they are my subconscious, in the latter care they're way meaner
Evidently there isn't a female who knows how to play the guitar who can break into this sausage-fest.
I missed the start of it! :( what all did they show?
I only had to be a team leader. Suck it down
Join us at 3pm to cheer on the Bruins! Let's get a Game 7 in Boston!!
please follow she is you biggest fan!64
blah blah like I care lol
you're welcome lmao.
I need more followers people.. I will follow back
I love having friends that are such talented writers.
i failed you lol. But no more after tonight
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
any hints???
Dis damn beer is nasty as hell #bud ice
hope that doesn't mean your cutting #CraftBeer out. Best way to get your carbs : )
Watching the documentary with !! Love you guys <3 ...
He's an ambassador at siena college
Exclamation marks don't really exist in AP style. Avoid them, if possible.
Thanks for all the shout out for me and Radio Disney NBT. I can confirm I have been submitted. Thx for the #support#
"Cinderella is proof that a new pair of shoes can change your life." Author: Unknown RT : What is ur favourite fashion quote?
Bro we made a track for you let us know what you think. Thanks we appreciate it. The link is with it
Somebody looks to be coming in #sportingkc hope vermes gets this right.
EXACTLY! How dare he make fn of me but say it the same way >:@
Another day another design! I hope my web guy gets the site done soon! I have a tone of stuff to put up, and I want to get started!
And off to work we go
I guess dressing trendy after rolling out of bed so your hair looks crazy is in??
Flying Colors sits next to Flower Kings on my phone. That's a bitchin days worth of yardwork music!
Looking for great toys and games at awsome low prices? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Yeah the characters all play the typical stereotypes but I still enjoyed the story. Season 2 is pretty good w/ Krays story.
Silence is the most powerful scream.
Don't forget to catch Faviana on the Today Show for their REd Carpet, Golden Globe looks on NBC!!
Long Beach? Sports? Duh. Follow !
#ThinkLikeAMan was too funny! I'm still laughing! Kevin Hart is CRAZY. Everyone was great!!
Thursday is #LadiesNight at Grazie! #FREE drinks for the ladies from 9-11PM. As if you needed another reason to stop by and see us!
What is the huge deal? It's a MacBook...and really, I think you've been a great support to Jason during his transition.
She's a waste of space.
Hair cut then gym ready for video shoot tomorrow :)
Oh! that P&G mother's Day commercial. :*}. <3 Could I be more of a sap??
LMFAO u mean I'm trying to tho!!!!!! Just dnt want to be mean about it!😊😊😊😊
Love it. Except Anna Paquin. She somehow made being Bi less cool.
I Did... RT : So everyone had Dave Blaney winning after a jet fuel explosion, right?
Exciting week with the Hockey Playoffs!! Cheers!!!!!!
did you make an appearance because you knew it was my birthday? How sweet!
thank you for having a twitter that i can look at and read things like this tweet, you have no idea how happy it makes me :)
I need to he in bed by like 1
WHERE. HOW.
Hey there buddddeeeeyyyy!!! ;-)
Sorry, I should be more specific. Who illustrated the cover photo for your Facebook pg? Work is so familiar, I forget artist.
That is the best, those puppies were lucky to have you!
Reading Kerry Reichs' 'The Good Luck Girl' and pleasantly surprised!
Eduardo Saverin renounces U.S. citizenship so as to not pay taxes on Facebook stock. Oh yes, bottom-line business folk sure are patriotic.
man i do not like being the only child.
Successfully avoided all media outlets for two days and watched the Oscars two days late without knowing any outcomes. Great job, Kira.
When she dosent text back!
GIRLS:Dont make fun of his family if theres something serious then tell him its not what you say, its how you say it
hey what's up?
Already regretting Modern Marvels: Cold Cuts. "Machine separated chicken" *brff*
#TheFiveAt735 is coming up! I have tickets for you to come hang at the #LastSummerEverJam after the number 2 song!
Happy Valentine's day everyone
Watching Teen Wolf on Netflix.
Grins on grins on grins.
I just got really confused by a letter someone forged and then signed my co-worker's name on. I need a beer. Stat.
To alleviate my confusion, can we pls combine "How's it going?" and "What's up?" Appropriate answer to the new phrase will be "Good much."
I Make Things Happen, #YouHaveTo .
Always worth the drive, isn't it to see My Lake Placid drive was 3 hours. :)
GET CRUNK! Okay.
linos liberals in name only?
Yeah, Im doing pretty well on some of the sites I didnt think that I would, on not so great on the ones I usually do great on
Back to back walk offs!
Can you make me an imagine please?:D
What is the best way for us to share our upcoming studies with you? #twitter? #facebook? #pinterest? #linkedin? FInd us there, and tell us!
- Thanks for the #FF!
we now have hats in the Seattle Children's Cancer Alliance!!!!
that's sweet man. What do u blog about? Send link
All are great!
Rain all night and all day tomorrow<3
ANYTHING ONE DIRECTION! :)
Nice page :3!
Wish I was in a play so when I talked to myself while longingly staring into the distance it wasn't awkward.
If Usher don't cut that damn mohawk off tho...
Anytime I hear Matty V's name, all I can think of is G. Maddux running around SD locker room with toothbrush stuck in rear. Oy!
Since i'm getting an iPhone 4s, i have to delete half the photos i have.
But the result sure looks like it paid off.
Oh yes she is RT: "That girls outta control, shes outta control" -
Go back to MySpace, it's a real blast
you will get a check, but direct deposit is an option for the future if anyone prefers that other than a check
The harder I work, the luckier I get.  Gary Player
On the road to
Two nights of good sleep! It is going to be a great day.
how dou use nonlinear narrative approach to time/place/objects within interactive space to encourage flow vs wandering in story/time?
Production meeting in Granada Hills pre-B's game. They better recognize that my B's are clearly more important than any film we're making!
All black everything dope boy casual
Happy Thursday! Have a great one!
ur new nick name is Carmel pop
Don't forget - book this week for your January or February event and save 75%!!!
treadmill?!? Come on becca lift some weights doing a circuit workout. You'll burn a ton more calories! And its more fun!
The power of random! :D
Fantastico! I can't wait! But I can, and I will.
Max Kramerrrrrrr, buddy its your...ah steve
Hell of a day! - RT TODAY: KEITH HARING, DERBYTAUNT BALL, EMA, THE RUB LIVES
Im getting tired of seeing people with Hunger Games tshirts on. #
...allows us to thrive in our careers. But if decision makers/powers to be are offended by our femininity it can hurt us.
Lamborghini unveiled an SUV?! That's wild.
Finaly the Flyers won a game. do they have any chance of winning the Cup ?
Getting the grills off tomorrow.
location isn't my priority for this one... But UWM bringing football would be good for UWM and Milwaukee
Brussels sprouts! :) The little leaves separated, tossed w/oil, salt, cheese, and crisped up in oven.
where is the noise tonight???? Going to go finish the BSU OSU you game.
and we are 2jajajajja guys are so funny!:)x
When your mistakes haunt you <<<<<<
I'm calling BS on the severity of the Hurricane. The media is pumping this thing up more than they do Boise State.
....hey you! I've no idea how to do this.
The night took a really interesting turn after Sky Club! I heard you guys had a fun pizza party afterwards!
If Heath was 7' 5"? RT : That was catchable by Heath. Not Ben's fault.
BTW, I am fully #Staching at this point. To my surprise mostly positive comments. Still no match for the stache style of
What's taking so long
About #TheVoice and her next album. What did you ask her?
hooters. Bubba hump shrimp also just opened up.
You ARE helping!! In The Room. Never doubt that.
Good Morning to all my new followers!! So many of you so RT and have a great & Dynamic Day!!
its more of an image for them than an idea
"Why are Viola parts written in alto clef?" "Because it's harder to prove that wrong notes weren't copying errors."
- You bet, thanks for posting it! Always great stuff going on over there :D
his true feelings finally came out..
Just curious if you've ever designed a tumblr theme... I could use a new one.
#jhumda wow- i need to get some 3-D glasses.
I will be at the gym again today!!
W/start
Cnt wait til 7 so I can get out of dis Hot as Place!
What a beautiful day today is. Beautiful like an armpit.
Listening to Dr. Chris Renda define 'level of reflection' - how deeply you think about solving a problem.
Happy Easter Monday!
looks like I'm owed the best things in life from your entire apartment.
If you have mobile above baby's crib, make sure it doesn't hang too low for baby to reach. Remove by the time baby begins to roll & sit up.
thanks homie, you too! What you doin for NYE?
Let go of your story that you don't have the time to be present. Give yourself a gift to do this. Great advice
A Six Buck Chuck with Lea & Perrins Mushrooms, Onion Straws, Baby Swiss. Chocolate Covered Strawberry Shake.
If anyone has been trying to call or text me today, my phone isn't working. It's not me ignoring you....even though sometimes I do that too.
Sure you don't have #diabetes? 60% of NOLA adults have at least 1 risk factor for #diabetes. Find out for FREE. Text: HEALTH to 300400.
Get over yourself
45 minutes left, maybe you'll still get them...
thanks for sharing I love this event!
They sure are. No letup whatsoever. Hey, if you're going to be around later today, I'll call you. Need to discuss a few things.
fireworks in Commonwealth Stadium that is! The UK revitalization project is underway, thanks coach for bringin the hype!
If you attend an event with complimentary snacks, and it's obvious there is only enough for each person to have one, why do you pick 3?
do you see any merit in cloud/web based EHR solutions?
I love the fact my mom & Maria are cool about dying my hair at home & not at her salon. It's just to far.
To no one in particular, because there are many girls who say this, but the hashtag #sorryimnotsorry is the bitchiest thing to me...
After a week off, we can't wait to reconvene Thursday nite! New David Wright chart on the agenda!
Tonight we have a TV dinner date with the Country Music Awards. What Are your plans?
Creating a cartoon crab for a beer label. What a fun gig!
Whoa...Emily looks a bit like a blowfish
Another 3R HR from Evan Longoria to make it 7-6? If Dan Johnson comes out of the dugout, I'm throwing in the towel.
Why? Is it because you don't want to hear the truth? Everytime I tell you how it is, you get mad @ me like its my fault. Whatever.
Im scared. Scared of facing my past.
nights like these, i could talk forever. all of my problems built up, are like pouring out of me. , thank you for being here!
Sounds good. I'd repost with a more specific session title to make sure you bring in the right people.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: "Collaborative" family law hijacked a name that makes it sound irresistible, but it is not what it seems.
barely talk to you now
Lol at the people really thinking LA can even contend with OKC. Thunder in 6.
I just met in person. I can now go home and call this #BlogathonATX a success.
Hot as hell, but ready to play in this tournament!
literally cannot stop smiling. Today is a great day.
Hardcore hide-and-go-seek :p
together (maybe for dinner), if you want to join!
What's in the juicer today?
I eat pop
#Casting! - Rick Millikan casting BRAVE SOLDIER Intense Paintball Player and RICKY DUVAL early 30s Shady Looking for the series "Bones."
And yet I am still awake? - Damn it!
So excited to see Fos today!!!! If you guys are excited about the new single...maybe we'll post a clip?
LolRT : WEAVE IT LIKE ME CUZIN! SO WE CAN FIND U A MAN! FUCK A NIGGA NAME JABREAL ND MARQUIS! OOPS!!! LMAO
♥ all the I ♥ Art pictures!
Up reading...this book will not let me go to sleep.
i love all of the butt ... Is my favorite ;D
I love ém all!!!! Yayo creeps deep within tho RT : Video Games. Born To Die. Blue Jeans. Carmen. NATIONAL ANTHEM NEXT PLEASE?
I think that talking out the side of ya neck was the one I couldn't remember. I didn't think that's what it was really called
Only five more like last night and I'll be even for the year!!!
I watched him all year in AA last year. You just knew he was going To blow
good question. Interested in helping us figure it out?
my workouts only fit in after 8pm due to my kids, so it's easy to just skip them and sit on the sofa instead.
A grandma is getting down. LOL. OMFG.
God, I will give thanks to You forever. ~Psalm 30:12
your art work is great keep doing you and working hard:-)
#np Superman - Eminem
Come out to #E-Villa this #Thursday for #ItsCasual with
Niche Bike Mag Puts a Photographic Spin on Cycling - Wired News
There are a lot of birthdays on this beautiful last day of August and we are shouting them out on facebook!
Yes! Especially with all this Easter candy in my kitchen.
Apr 20,1922: #Churchill was considering replacing troops with air squadrons in India and Iraq.
Well I'm up and time to make the donuts..or in my case drugs for the elderly.
Phoenix Coyotes vs. Florida Panthers for the Stanley Cup: Now there's a sure-fire way to absolutely destroy any and all interest in hockey.
Thanks I haven't stopped yet either :)
SUck it Up god Dammit! You can live without pimpin your bitches out for a weekend!! Twitter Baseball is more important then LIFE
Stone in a Sling: A soldier's journey is a coming-of-age book outlining a unique story of one young man’s journey well into adulthood.
Great class at Source this week -- thanks!
Just heard on Rome. Good stuff. Much better than hearing the Clones act like they know what they're talking about.
watching Merle Haggard at #allforthehall2012 right now & all i can think is how would be in country heaven right now!!!
you should enjoy, great show
"Israel in 4 BC had no mass communication" (Gotta love a little Jesus Christ Superstar this time of year!)
Yes, they really are.
i cant im on my phone
hahahaha denva shemnva... we are going to dominate Gold Club and cannot wait
I'm not sure. Norton Anthologies are pretty good except some have "revised" versions of texts. Like newer, updated ones.
Waiting online for a talkinv egg named eggbert...how cool can sst get?
Can yall help me out? I need people to tweet the link of my new video to their followers so I can get more people to watch it and "like" it!
never seen anyone outside of my family spell Velazco w/ a "z" -- where's your family from?
My last retweet though>>>>
posts the best links. Everyone should follow him.
Oh really? Where? And ewwwwwww.. Steelers are meatball!
#3 me and my 5 closest friends are most hated in my school, that's why we stick together.
Kevin Hart is guest starring on #ModernFamily as I tweet.
Happy birthday, !
You are rocking and rolling over there. Congratulations my friend. I knew you were always destined for greatness.
ima be 18 in Ten days ! idk if i should be excited or scared lol
criminal minds marathon! so good
just noticed most of the people i talk on here are like 14 wtf.
Rep King just said we shld allow more #childlabor in other industries-most shocking part? The level of agreement in the room! #newtsfriend?
Got me a new pair of cowboy boots :D
Hahahaha! Not sure I really want to be reminded of what I did throughout the day. Much less the night.
RT : Hell hath no fury like me when I step on a lego.
Wuz up Lafayette, La UPC/IMSO2COLD we out hea!!!!! Mr.Mysta "VERBAL FINESSE VOL 1" get your copy ASAP!
you just like seeing the guys abs. Te conosco mosco
Never let anyone bring you down <3
Cool story babe, now go make me a sandwich <3
Today in American History - Jan 21, 1824 - American Civil War general Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson was born. (via )
I hope i have some money for Bre birhday !!
doesn't it just. I didn't even get to eat till 11 tonight, very bad really!
The garbage can reminded me I ate Mc D's last night !!!! 💋💋
#SocialMediaTip be happy all the time
RT : In a huge coup for the team, joins our ranks.
How much does it cost to adopt a highway? My mom's birthday is coming up and she already has a dog.
I am learning a lot with this project. A lot of German.
"Every answer asks a more beautiful question." e e cummings
i love you :)
Marshall Chapman, Will Kimbrough, Mary Gauthier and Tania Elizabeth were incredible tonight at the Station Inn!!!
I cant sleep and why u still up u need to go to bed
If people never learn their lessons...they're really f***in stupid.
And what a great status update it was!
RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY >Thank YOU sweetie!
Just peeped my girl beat her brothas girls ass.. smokin a dutchie fulla #loud... Back to the regularly scheduled program
today hve to organize tennis for my kidz.finish some sewing-big week ahead
super bowl:)
hi :) how are you?
#coffeebreak “: #BREAKING: Multiple car accident has shutdown NB traffic on the Golden Gate Bridge.”
miss having around the way wifey, to much sluts tryna seduce me, i don't give it up that easy im a real man
how are you gonna hashtag superpass when we didn't even get to see any of this on superpass even though we pay for it
Getting ready for bed...then driving the busiest fire engine in the state starting at 7am.
The phrase "One, two, buckle my shoe" is super dated.
Obama tells ABC interviewer he supports #gaymarriage, first president to take that position
Taco Legend record just got crushed - 16 tacos in 14min 34sec!
But the last thing they wanted was an emotional casket base.
fina go get some fresh air with donnie;)
I have a feeling the men will want more than just this shirt... ;-)
Hey , hurry up and get here!
PR Reunion sounds awesome! Count me in!
I have been entrusted with 95 teenagers.
what kind of sweeteners did you taste?
WOW, you're not joking!
correction!!!! You mean you just choked on soda :)
Haha, love that. What's that from? ": Only one fedora per crew, man."
Wanna see The Lucky One!!
Just finished shooting pictures at Lake Eola for the new DeWitt Law Firm Web Site that will be launched after the first of the year.
Bronson said she was prescribed Ambien by her SA doctor in 2007, but refilled twice at hotel in India, where prescription isn't needed.
I got tarzan songs stuck in my head..damn you phil collins magical sex voice
Anybody ever seen "surfer dude"?
It’s our time, let’s get it, begin it, let’s not stop it, It’s game time, we in it, we ain’t losing, we winning
happy birthday young nigga
'The 'S' in International Sustainable Library Development: Sustainability Issues.' Today in the Morial Conv. Ctr, room 284.
Heading over to @ 's workshop "amplifying your pr message with social and search"
nah heats!
oh my bad..
Watching True Lies!!
Lunch in the #firestonedistrict anyone?
#Warhammer40k Feast of Blades Practice event goin' on! Come down and see the CHAOS!
NOT YET!!! Working OT on it!!!
Hope your pup recovers quickly!
This guy is weird af
Read through your Wellness Travel magazine. Amazing design, great article formats, and the photography is just incredible.
My mom is making me mow. What is this nonsense??
I hate the rain -_-
"A large part of virtue consists in good habits."
Have one of your friends call and say its an "emergency"
GERMANY is closing all their NUCLEAR ENERGY PLANTS now...they're not wondering...they're just doing it. Hm... re-engineer always!
Your twitter pic makes me happy
Video: Draft prospects recall high school
Me too! RT : Big decision today...how many lotto tickets will I be buying?
so glad you are enjoying the conference!
hey jon. Cud u send a mssge via twitter telling year 11 to revise poems on moodle and that there is animal farm stuff
You ugly, you black fucka
now that would be a miracle...
Thanks! I'll check it out. Today might be the perfect day to make the change. Happy weekend!
That's what I'm hollerin' haha
when someone asked niall "curvy or skinny?" he said "curvy , always curvy" =)
Not a series, but if you haven't read it, I highly recommend "The Art of Racing in the Rain."
Done. RT : No! Game tracker is better quality. No lie. RT: “: should I not spend $5.99?”
Where did you initally meet the last person you collaborated with?
Everyone got new cars for christmas/new years... i got new tires. lol
Yes! Yes! Yes!
hi! I love your singing! I think your such an awesome person! I love you
RT : RT : I've got a new TV show "Who Let The Dogs Out!" Check it out! WOOF!! wholetthedogsout.tv #TillmanTV Woof!!
Finally into Switzerland, be ready for a big upload coming soon!
Major Halftime Letdown. On mid-game promised a "twit" from the stage mid-performance and we got nothing.
Her world came crashing down...
spring cleaning my lists...If you are following me, I'll follow you back within the hour.
about to go run then chill for the night nd eat like a fat boy
On the party bus almost at #stonebrewingco! Brought "the crew"...20 of my closest friends!
Hittin the park
gosh i have work @ that time ! :(
RT : This morning in Texas, leaders hold an event to explain why #TPP is bad for #Texas & the US.
I guess you can't make everyone happy..
Good morning tweeps. Hope everyone has a great Tuesday! <3
yes!! Wayne calls for a whole Other Direction meeting!!!
- Thanks. Looks like you guys had your own ordeal. I hope the arithmetic equations are now in your favor...
If you're lucky enough to find someone who makes you feel special, don't ever take them for granted.
hahahah i want it to be those days again!
thanks so much!
Join us Sundays @ Victory Church Of God 222 East Monroe Ave. Grants, NM 87020 10:30am # Look for our articles in the Faith Column of The… #
What happened to Ashley Judd? Still has the rockin' body, but it looks like her face exploded.
I've been out of work for so long that I've almost forgotten how to hate people
"Be the change you want to see in the world." ~Gandhi
This is the era of "do it yourself learning." The question is: how do we model that for students?
Im online, Justins sleeping. Justin online, Im sleeping. I go to bed late, Justin doesn't tweet. I go to bed early, Justin tweets = My Life.
11 minutes left. I gave you all many chances and a big final one tonight. No more. I see exactly how it was and how it is gonna be...
My new favorite past time while driving is naming fellow drivers... Today I met nancy. Nancy is unable to find the gas peddle. Poor lady.
If you have a headache, take an asprin, if you have a pain in the ass, break up with them
Happy New Year to Everyone From Peas In A Blanket!!! <3
Why am I seeing all this shit talking on my TL. Kentucky won the game, Louisville lost. Deal with it.
Hey Ya by Outkast is playing on the radio...
A common theme among companies @ #HCM2012: 30% of leaders eligible 2 retire w/in 5 yrs. Got 2 capture/transfer that knowledge now!
NO i cant hear you nor see you.......chocolate cake in 5 minutes.......
i miss my sisters.
Clearly, a good eye.
RT if you watching the cavs game
Sounds like the name of a great Blues band: Mississippi "Blind Man" Donald and the Tub Cats
#USGS: 4.1 magnitude #earthquake has struck about 16 miles north of Fontana, CA.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something, but to be someone. -Coco Chanel
Awe! The class folks set up my weights for me in Group Power
Always wondered what it'd be like to bang a cougar or a Mexican. Guess I'll get to fulfill both those fantasies at once.
Mumbai Bistro opens July 21st...Next week, Wednesday. 930 Locust St., Philadelphia, PA 19107.
And thank you so, so much for posting this. I'll be using it in class today.
next Monday
I will most certainly be next week! Can't wait to see you all, come by and give me a hug!
Hope you can visit sometime soon! RT : I often dream about moving back to DC just to see you on a regular basis...
I'm gonna be Nicki Minaj for Halloween, what about you?
HAPPY MEXICAN ST. PATRICK'S DAY!
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Jazz The Bar - Other - Airport (live updates)
I've never seen avatar, any of the matrix series, any of the lord of the rings or across the universe. Judge me.
All teachers get happy hour all night. Join the fun with a great Long Beach Alums at 6:30pm and wine tasting all day. Enjoy.
Happy final day of SMWLA!
Thanks for the kind words!
Many titles remain to be entered. Some are in Gribben's MARK TWAIN'S LIBRARY, some not.
you're are never safe and sound until all the doors are closed
Go pack go!!!
i got the best sleep last night
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention "no makeup, all natural"
*closes eyes, leans head back against tree, looks up at sky* i miss ....
Thanks Kendra. Have a great weekend.
there will definitely be arm sleeves at the expo. Hubs and I got some there last year if you can wait that long.
My cats like having a seizure or something.
Hi there!!
Old guys with mustaches are the best old guys.
I think it would benefit CT if TBS starting airing repeats with episode 7 and pretend the first 6 don't exist.
Watching talk about NoSQL databases at
When customer service is a cop out, it's not customer service. Someone needs to be accountable for solutions
It's going to be a wed night with our lil Jon there on the dj! Only
Yusef from APAC re: Mike "He's a man of the people, and certainly not in the pockets of special interests." #seamayor #Seattle ^bm
Maybe you'd be less stressed if you didn't shout all the time?
no, parents are putting one in the backyard of the house in Locust Creek
to what ^_^
Off to Nats game after all, toting both sunscreen and umbrella
:D thank you kindly
Whatever works! :)
Burundi has a 0.5% unemployment rate... Many countries have historical unemployment rates below 4%. Denmark was at 3.5%.
The Guto likes his women thick…She ain’t a lady unless she’s at least 680 (lbs, that is).
Blech. Too dried up and chewy. Now, some auntie-pesto would be good.
I'm sorry for being a bad client.
Anybody wanna FaceTime?
I love it. doesn't even card me anymore. They're like, oh, it's you again. Okay, fine.
Coney island to submit my roommate to a freakshow and eat Kobayashi's leftovers
Charlie Brown riding his bike hella stoned.
Heading to Vegas. Would rather be playing legos and kitchen with the kids.
wuuuduppp trying to met all my followers wats ur name : )
Teague needs to get his shit together going forward.
Power nap before work with Gia :)
Schools tomorrow....fuckin a
Picking up some jewels to showcase on the KEYE news segment today!!
Just alittle busy at home! Plenty to work on. I just want to thank all my Twitter followers! Enjoy your evening!
"Dancing's not work. You can't call it work. A day I don't dance is a day I don't live." ~Serpent of the Nile~
Omg Omg Omg.
Smh at my parents thinking being bi/gay is an option...
Do you have any fun plans for this weekend? Please share.
Happy Mother's Day, enjoy and relax!
yes, I'm NYC time, we usually chat as early as possible,He travels about an hour to Skype, needs to take bus home before dark
I am now a follower. :)
Good question if marketers should pay attention scores
Time to eat something ! My favorite part of the day!!
fun filled weekend at the Circus in the Park and the Ravenswood Community Services Fundraiser!
Going to bed as visions of ostriches dance in my head.;)
Thanks Molly. Does C21 have a corporate group?
What a night
Headed home to Philadelphia from for #ntcamp tomorrow and HS reunion tomorrow night!
right there with you ! we will get there eventually !! haha
no one did a bracket this year
Loving my new apartment and I'm even closer to p-cola beach u know where I'll be all summer :)
Lil kids act grown today RT
Damn.. What to do tomorrow?
Free movie with , then a delicious dinner in a lovely locale with my very funny, friends who shall remain nameless. Life is good!
srsly, there's some dude just wailing away in there. everyone around me keeps exchanging amused smiles.
I think bc of how much we are loving on (using it this morning). One is professional & the other personal.
There is not enough foie gras in Houston generally.
Back to trying to fall asleep ...
I really hope this lady at the pump next to me isn't dead.
David Thomas and his cute family just walked in Dantes kitchen
Jack White's Blunderbuss, on the other hand, is not making a good first impression. His weakest album yet?
Insert random daily aphorism here
yea I know I've been trying to stay away from twitter and Facebook
being more than human. Are you ready for the pressure? Are you ready for that task? If yes then that's great if no then thats great too.
"Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them." Oscar Wilde, 1891
How come I don't see v5.3 on the blog?
Gay RT : Relationships are like inventions there are always problems before it is finally perfect
Yeah I think more then an hour would kill us, either because we give so much to our show or we're old & frail. Not sure which ;)
Why he did that I do not know. And I do not know why these texts he sent(at least 2) did not show in my statement?
One that says Grandma that you write "Surprise!" in.
Windows: is it really necessary to remind me that my NT password expires in 90 days? REALLY?
its embarrassing how into Lana Del Rey I am.
Plus it introduced legions of youth to 'salsa' music
I'm out of a phone for lil bit Til I find out my bill is 700 I'll be damn if I pay that shit
As Southby begins, I'm here with herbal tea, acupuncture, web design, and book stuff. You know... adjacent to the arts revival.
This is gonna be a great week.
Anyone in Twitter land exp at adapting existing materials to create a 3 credit hr, college level course?
Meeting today for with our top vendor...all new men's arrivals today!!! Cant wait to see all of them...
happy day of mom this great ;) i love u mom
that sounds so far away lol
YEAH, U R FAB! I'm lyke totes jelly.
Sneads has never had much luck against Bozeman.
' My biitch done walked the stage , congratulations yu done did the damn thang!!!
Danny Woodhead dark horse player of game
I knew would like that list. If only he had tweeted my handle correctly.
Thanks ! Hope you like the blog. We're having a blast tasting beers and reviewing them in our own unique way.
Real men don't date the most beautiful girl in the world. They date the girl who makes their world the most beautiful ♥
thanks girly glad you like!
yes can't wait
RT : I know only two tunes. One them is Yankee Doodle and the other isn't.-U.Grant
Oh, Marion! I'm taking your cute neighbor to a concert in Boulder tonight. Meeting at The Sink, too. How you been?
I'm considering unfollowing you. Please tell me you're being sarcastic.
We're at the Shamrock Shuffle Health and Fitness Expo today at Navy Pier...come say Hi
you'll LOVE us! <3 All you have to do is DM us!
I have the terrible song "Sing" by the Carpenters in my head. May not sleep tonight.
Beautiful music playin so I'm never left alone
Don't miss DJ Kidd, Joey G, and guest bartender Ryan Healy tonight at Sutra Lounge for Sindustry Wednesdays!
Don't forget to check out the products and technology by Xylem: Hall A1, Booth 317/418, Hall A5, Booth 135/234, Hall A6, Booth 445/544
Hey, best wishes on your premiere! Congrats!
I'm going to prom in Converse. That's how cool I am.
You can guest blog on Cleveland 52, any time, just ask. Does it look like I have any standards? I can hardly spell.
Lady Gaga is so weird!!!...hahaha
no problem (;
Both in a two day span!
What a shitty day
Promoting shows is easily one of the more frustrating aspects of my job for that very reason.
Tots on The Go gets noticed by Frommers! Check it out! http:www.frommers.com/articles/7376.html
hey people! Please follow !! Please and thank you!!
thanks :b lol & I went to his first concert & met him , & then I've gone to subway with him like twice :b
thanks for the #followfriday mention! The week went by too quickly. Enjoy the weekend!
She's Got the Look! RT "80 degree Thurs. striped dress. Iced coconut coffee from "
Here in Hollywood you can actually get a marriage license printed on an Etch-A-Sketch. - Dennis Miller
Workin and enjoying being done with school for a few months. Adjusting to not being busy 24/7.how about you? What's new missy?
Thank you so much for stopping by this morning!
Downloaded my app today......so happy 😂❤
I want to wear ski goggles and have champagne poured all over my head! Go Giants!!
when it comes to , you dont know what you have until it's gone.... gonna miss ol' #56, even more than ol' $4
Never thought I'd say this but sometimes it really is better to just lie than to tell the truth.
The Blenderz will be rocking Fatso's Pizza tonight and tomorrow night. See ya there!
We're excited to be producing The Great #Gatsby, and we can't wait for you to see it!
Black People LOVE Diamond Turfs ;D ♥
Reading 'Heart of Darkness' before our trek into the Malaysian jungle...
don't shoot the messenger. Make sure you're there for their set it will definitely change your mind.
I don't fuck with to many I hold it dwn by my self .....
The music world has lost a pioneer, Jim Marshall, creator of The Marshall Amp. RIP while our guitars gently weep
Kat Williams is funny
Love is only blind for those who are not looking in the desired direction.
Ustream/shadowforcemobemnts RT : what's the website to see it live
This house is full of drama
unnecessary stressin. gotta vent with the sister bear.
is the most ancient story in western history. The seed to so many. You're bound to be drawn :p
doggy bag for manana...
i just heard #BOYFRIEND wow thats a new side of that i LOVE wow umm REPLAY !!!
I will be at the Brokerage Comedy Club tomorrow night killing it on stage while celebrating my birthday ! Who's coming ?
Ain't no thang a shot of patron can't fix...
Hello, brother. Better late to the party, than home all night alone.
Please follow and retweet. They will follow you back!
Thanks! We'll add that to the list!
Guy knows how to win. If Buffalo is 3-5 don't be shocked if VY is called on. Chan spoke highly of him.
Watching Ellen... I love her! She just makes me smile :)
Uh Why do you have a casserole dish?! Now, OUR friendship is obviously fucked. I thought I knew you. . . sigh.
Word is: The #BigEast will rename itself to Conference WTF!
you already know much love
Cant wait to be on the beach for spring break
Is Clint Eastwood running for president?
Me and arthur baker down by the school yard. Dudes killing it so hard. Let's go!
I still believe in real lyrics.
Anyone going up to LA tonight?
NEW SHOW #2: Death Cab For Cutie w/ Telekinesis at Mud Island on Wednesday, October 5! Yes, two shows on October 5. Take your pick!
The hulk and iron man are hilarious
i guess.? Yeah i want an interview for anything. I need a job just not a dirty job.
": time to get with the times homie!"<-- You watch it there buddy!!
I'm burnin purple flowers
I'm tired of always texting him first ...but I really want to talk to him...
The perfect title for my current map: "Iceland: Unpronounceable Beauty"
Thanks for following me! Tune in to The Savvy Money Show airing weekly on iTunes & www.blogtalkradio.com.
I don't know whether to be excited or angry that it's supposed to snow tonight. I wore a t-shirt yesterday...
well done today on the internshow
I am single for life. ✌
I know it's 'gon be hot. Drop it!
Nice! Can't wait to see it!
watching Kenan & Kel...i use to LOVE this show back in the day & I thought Kel was fine lolol
Funnier to see become obese: Mick Jagger or Michelle Obama?
"I'm offended by the sight of your boobs!" - said no sane individual ever.
iknowww ! I'm on heads ! I need my shit. Like ok if I earned it. But my dyin daddy gave me tht shit.
My Mother is a travel agent for guilt trips.
u probably want a beer
Safe travels! :)
there's espresso grounds in my americano. times like this i want to go back to starbucks & take back my tip.
Now your just somebody that I use to know.
How is this day almost over already??
Just tried out the Sonicare my awesome new dentist gave me. Tee hee! It TICKLES my gums!
is the only ho for me, she is better then all the other ho's, she is my ho fo sho!
Nothing like an awesome work out and then stuffing my face with chicken Alfredo
are elegantly inlaid in the Unique Titanium Rings
I wish! But, unfortunately, that's not an option for us on either side. :-(
I never knew love could hurt this fucking bad...worst pain that I've ever had...
We hope everyone had a great thanksgiving......want to meet someone this year for free.....we have your answer......www.supertova.com
Excellent. Thanks!
Nothin quite like after bar in the bar.
Great Hang last night in Reho with , the Rabbit and Alicia! Stingray Rules!
that is analysis that should win an Emmy. Would love to taste her Rigatoni.
I don’t chase after anyone anymore. If you wanna walk out my life I’ll hold the fucking door open for you
you know this .
Its time to make my page rated PG for all the undeveloped brains on my friends smh ha!
Twitter: desensitizing the masses circa 2008
O what fun it is to ride....
#nowplaying sleeping sickness by city and colour .. Feels like forever good stuff!
is watching the watcher.
In addition to the Monkey On A Stick, there is the Bust It Open dance which I totally never learned.
Here it goes... nothing
God is good. He reveals things to us in ways we wouldn't imagine. It makes me laugh sometimes, but i thank Him...🙏
I need more followers #FF me plz xD I'll return favor
Ive officially givien up on the puzzle for the night... My bed just calls to me... Goodnight everyone!
I'm sure they had someone following him, making sure he didn't do anything dumb.
Don't forget Mother's Day is Sunday. Still time to get flowers and a card! Have a good weekend everyone, particularly you moms out there.
I've already told my BF that if we're ever on a game show and he's asked for my favorite movie, he must answer "Quiz Show."
We're not friends anymore. I'd appreciate it if you would stop talking about me and my relationship.
GO JEREMY!!! XD
I wasn't note taker, assume the Berker- team will and them
thank you for the add! Please keep checking up on our site art is soon to be posted from portlands young artists!
success ! Thanks very much.
- thanks lets try to meet up at some point.
I cut my hair last night, now I really look like a mom. :( I'm sure my mom will be proud. "Cut your hair, wear a slip, polish shoes"....
HEALTH-Confused about healthcare (public, private or both)????? FREE Healthcare Plan Review and more! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com.
couldn't agree more. Why now? In the midst of a division race. Odd... first k-rod then prince, wonder who is next? McGehee?
I've begun the War on Andy. The consequences will be catastrophic!
RT Creative Trailer Relocation w/Ric from for show Thurs night w & #ROCK!
yeah he's tacky as hell. Glad I'm not the only 1 who caught what the trainer said...WTH?! Left me scratching my head for a sec
I took that class! yet another reason I won't read past first paragraph.
Let's go Rory, no Masters repeat!
happy birthday bleak!
Can save up to 20% discounted organic foods! Sign up now limited time offer! www.mybeyondorganicliving.com
When making eggs, I never set out to make them scrambled; but that's how they always turn out.
If I have to be up in an hour and a half...too late for sleeping pill?
Aw thank you so much! :) <3
help trend #TylersPartsOfTheBody!!!!!!
There's a half-finished building across the street, and I very much want to chase Kelly through it and have a Cool As Ice-style montage.
Oh no. I just thought of it. I still stand by hiding in cabinets in case of dinosaurs
We will see.
do you know who's winning the Show Us Your Q contest?
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
No Home, No Bed, Nowhere to Hang my Head \m/
Please leave me out of this. This can't possibly go anywhere good for me. ;^)
Justin, thanks for coming out brother. We're glad you enjoyed it!
RT : RT There is no failure except in no longer trying. - Elbert Hubbard*
Just tapped Abita Turbo Dog English Brown Ale.
Feel That Happy Feeling....
I will be heading the Fulton Market Walk in May. I'd love to connect with you.
Headed to Denver for #ASTD ICE? OpenSesame's will be there and would love to meet up & talk elearning!
Putting the "K" in Weeks since April 2012. Ugh.
I love u baby and can't wait for our day of fun tomorrow luv ya
black girls are so much more fun to talk to.
I'm just saying...I cant find those shoes in my size....Not that I would want to wear them in the first place!
So my bosses Bill Sigmar and Tom Oakes go to get our Hummer H3 and come back with an H2...UPGRADE!
Happy birthday Julia!
With respect to , that was a terrible call in Syracuse's favor.
we all got angels, we all got demons.
Cartoons are interesting
dating me dosnt make you a man whore. Going from girl to girl makes you a man whore.
e of lighting issues too. Might need new one soon
I watched Miranda July's The Future last night. It was like Portlandia, but in LA, and where the jokes make you cry instead of laugh.
And the 2012 #HardRockRising winner is #3DudesChillin Congrats to them and thank U to all our 2012 band participants ROCK ON
No worries, just convinced Tooele High student body officers to tweet with
r u coming to miami if u do please post it or reply me please i beg i luv u so much jb <3
Going for midnight rats. Got to keep up your strength when working on a project.
And I started a poem, wherein the tree says to extract from the root pulls up too much dirt, and the tooth says it brings too much pain.
Omg the ride stopped half way through. Wonder how long we'll be stuck on it hahaha my butt hurts
The wood is the movie right now
Forgot what a great running buddy is!
Do you remember your primary school music recitals? ...kids in school now may not get to make those memories...Save the Music in Schools
Clouds building, air smells moist, snow in forecast Sun-Tues, we can only hope
SUP WITH THA KID?
We're psyched to have cleared the first round of judging
: Are you thinking about this past weekend? :)
apparently i got 'owned.' no i didn't. i'm pretty sure I'M the one that owned that bitch for ditching her fam.
What do Kaisers do when it snows in the city? Play, ski and blog, apparently. 3 new post in 1 week?!? Yup. kaisertales.com cc
Just saw all the high tech stuff Nike did to make the new NFL jerseys. They spent way too much time making a shirt.
SPOTTED: Clay Matthews and Aaron Rodgers at Hilton Bayfront in San Diego. Clay is smokin! But go Chargers!
i'm so honored <3
pizza Bianco has a legendary pizza maker!
Had a good time with him. Sleep is what I need now .
12 more years of school
Phil - anything possible in #Magic City -- but this one is for the books!
Realized in meditation it isn't about eliminating outside noise, it's about shifting focus so that that noise remains only in periphery.
Klein and i am closing down walker fitness center
And I just added it to your grade.
Ha! No problem. I'm sure it will be a marathon afternoon/night for us when it gets here.
good luck!
You got that right (:
that's hilar
and son are still in pyjamas. This is the thing I love best about homeschooling. Lounging around playing games all day because we can.
already the 5th may over here in germany!! HAPPY BIRTDAY!! wish you the very best :) !
Sure as hell hope this is rock bottom for the
Thanks! Super tiny...such a trip. So cute. RT : congrats! He's tiny!
you can buy cans of manwich on ebay
is bringing it. Feb 25 TPA students Register Now leadtampabay.com Change your community!
Greg Gibson called that a foul tip because of what he heard. The bat made contact on the follow through.
Can't Help Falling In Love - Elvis >>>>> lol
Congrats just celebrated 16yrs first week in Nov. RT : Happy 5 year anniversary to my LBs & me! Damn can't believe it's been 5
psssssst who won them awards?
We just wanna blow so our #exgirls can mis us ...!
To any followers who might be interested, this spring I will be tweeting from for my Social Media Strategy class at NYU!
Charter really needs to get it together. This is getting ridiculous.
Wow its a lil cold in NYC
Waking up starving again - what are you eating for breakfast?
Theft is fitted to, and fatted in the theevish heart with obvious booties. Pride is fed with the officious compliments of observant Groomes.
#Power Plate helps stimulate circulation, oxygenating blood and helping remove toxins. This can help to reduce the appearance of cellulite.
Hi from Joey, wanted to invite you to the birthday bash on Jan 16th Send me a message to get info. thanks
followed. follow back? :)
Now that jermaine won, is next. :)
- But difference is Israeli action limited to inadmissibles. US no-fly list includes people with legal right to enter US.
Preparing #Google documents in regard to a #JW I've been having talks with over the last year. Getting down to the nitty gritty.
Thanks Rachel, we had tons of fun!
to me you are not worth a shit
what are the riots going to be like on Vancouver tonight?
Stay classy Arizona fans....
Dallas, Micah and Paula were great, now excited to head home and get to work!
to promote your own agenda.
@ awesome name!!! thank you so much!! :)
the new David Edelstein over here
Here we go again.
I wish I were a teen in the late 60's and 70's.
what does that even mean?
Guess who's going to the Luke Bryan and Jason Aldean concert in August ?
In one ear and right out the other...
haha very funny lol and i have a craving for bean & cheese burritos RT me too:( I want three tacos and a chicken quesadilla
Just us this time, I think. I made it to 1448! #1k1hr <-- I don't know about you but I had to rip the words out today :/
U.S.Department of Defense 2009 demographics report:More than 1.7 mil children w/parent in the Armed Forces.355,000 of them are 0 to 3y/olds
Just got the final mixes for the new album for Really proud to be a part of this project and can't wait to share it. Very soon!
Thanksgiving and Turkey! Why Turkey? Am having Fish!!
