Just listen w/ #intuition. Love's inside. Just ask, #angels will help if your #karma permits. #Love = home, within us & always part of us.
"his eyebrows finally got a divorce" omg I'm done, that made my life. Ctfuuuuuuu ! 😂
Same guy smells like a disgusting mix of body odor and chicken noodle soup.
It was great meeting you too! Keep me posted on everything.
Stress eating - Go Patriots!
but were injuried i have hypersensitive name
Hey Keyshawn! You suck!
im sad I think i missed when you were following people ;( well , love you. x
"Mojos" = mobile journalists? Why am I just hearing of this horrible term now?
Text: zesmo woodys to 368266 to see a sample of how mobile marketing is used for viewing a schedule; then call ZesMo for details.
Visitor? Sustaining member!
Internet week? Social Media week gave me the worst flu I'd had in 5 years. Kill me. Or make sure I don't have beer & cupcakes for dinner.
She say "bitch yu mad cause I took yo man" LMAO , you getting the dick na you wifey ? Don't make me end yo career Stupid Fool,He Is OLD News
we believe in and support upcoming brands, they are the new trendsetters and future of this fashion industry. if you dont ur staying behind
Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms out there!
Steve, are you still seeing an error? We restarted the service, but weren't seeing a 500. Please let us know... investigating.
Good morning everyone.... Work flow on a saturday morning sucks!! But it's still a wonderful day 2 be alive
Can't even txt no more cuz it might get screenshotted
yeah jacob latimore just followed me im mad hype ah ffgcyoutruthgnnunchecknd
turn the heat on or I'm not coming.
Double date night with Jessica, Matt, and Ian :) sushi
More Music On The Way.. But Right Now.. Goodnight :) God Bless You. Thanks for Being A Fan!
Thought they were in Boston playing the Sox? RT : Orioles all over the place this morning.
Stay in the game. Since I am a Vandy fan, I know what it is like to get your butt beat a lot , but you keep going.
yeah I know he was. I misread.
Mrs. Smith just said Like a BOSS! I've never heard a teacher say that!
Hey China, can you please follow back?
Ha! Sorry; I'm still braindead after work. I guess it really did work...
the fact that I'm going to see aerosmith in concert is unbelievable but it just doesn't seem right without you :(
Bleeding Orange tonight D:
Thank you for helping us support !
He told me the same thing :)
Dolis is the 12th pitcher into the game for the #Cubs and #Brewers. Unless I missed one along the way.
I seen the beings in the early 1970's
Thank you for calling the House of Insanity. Head nut speaking.
I'm convinced that no one delivers to my apt. Where are you ?
Awesome News Brian!
and i discovered how failure is slow, silent and happens over a period of years, even generations of children
oh. my. GAWD! Look at that yawn!!!
2012 is a money year.... you better put yourself in postion to get it...
LOL. Don't stop being cheeky. It's endearing!
Thanks for the RT! Are you coming in to try a new lunch item today?
we're not doing anything....? what?
I can see u niggas from a side view......
RT #FF Follow the Beards. and
haha I knew you were gonna say that. W.facebook.com/beheadthyking
BEST RECORD STORE EVER is in POMONA, CALIFORNIA next to THE GLASS HOUSE. AMAZING!!!!!!!
Awesome drinks at We, The Pizza! Junipa Pineapple Soda, UBET Manhattan Egg Cream, Sassy Sassparilla, & more!
you heard her. big brother frankie and wolf haley... wolf gang
I can do this.. I can do this..
"What's that?" "A prize. A lovely, lovely prize."
RT "An #Aquarius can make brilliant contributions if allowed to do work their own way."
working on my ?'s for panel 1/25. have in the hot seat. what do you want to know?
hey lady! How are ya??!!
yes, it's a good time for people to start waking up!
Spent the day sightseeing and resting in manila Chuck gifted his beloved cajon to tribe so ordered a new custom made one. I start my return
I was two time MVP in lobby ball history
that awkward moment when ur on a roller coaster and ur trying to scream but no sound comes out
6 days till I'm drunk layin on south beach
hey buddy. i'm back in SF. let's catch up sometime. happy drunk Irish day. :)
The awkward moment when your sarcasm isn't understood in a text.
lol right!?! It was kind of a snoozer for me! Like everyone trying soo hard to be official and serious that its not fun.
Well, some were looking. I was sorry to see her go.
Hey! Thanks I really appreciate it :)
My heart was taken by you, broken by you and now its in pieces because of you ):
Just had a great conversation on www.squirt.org with a local guy; maybe meet him tomorrow in person for some hot ...whatever.
Life is so hard, how can we be anything but kind? ~Jack Kornfield
Come on Baltimore let's enjoy Sunday together eating crabs and drinking some ice cold....
Yo make sure if u lookin for dope beats hit my guy up
I'm makin' to keep you by my side keep you from walkin' out the door...
thank you! “: enjoy your day at home. Feel good!”
Do not isolate metadata creation: everybody has to participate in its development and support.
That personal trainer with the glorious booty was at the gym today. His legs are just as glorious! I drooled a little.
I look like a straight fool!
Man, I can't remember the last time I was allowed around kids!
i'm usually not a fan of northern accents, but I really dig Boston accents. I'd like to visit there one day.
RT We have the new joint of the day after these commercials break
Wow! That's great to hear!
Congrats . Sometimes it makes up for the crap you put up with .
B&H rules
I really wanna thank y'all for the support "Fly Young Brand Clothing" is getting right now. It is greatly appreciated.
No, they shouldn't.
I Most Definitely Will Not!!!
agreed, sir.
what #health advice would you suggest to an on the go #mom?
“: there's a first time for everything... I GOT A JOB! ;D” congrats gal!
#WhenGuys Defend You
We're busy working on Little Tokyo Design Week - follow to stay up to date on all the LTDW happenings!
Dont give up on faith just cus hope gave up on u.
thanks Vitto!!! I definitely will!!
Wolf: It's correct that the gov't doesn't have to prove that Topazio, McDonough, Vitale payments were all bribes or kickbacks.
***Coming soon*** -The next Morgan Cole Novel ..."SHADOWS of the DEAD"
Time 4 my sleep meds (weed)
New blog post: Did Anyone Notice How Much Better Ohio State's Defense is Without James Laurinaitis?
did you look us up on Facebook?
Gotta love the Duke UNC rivalry. And you've gotta love it even more when Duke wins at the buzzer... @ UNC.
I'm so confused, i don't know what is more important..but something is going to change😓
So yes I have a BFA in Fashion Design...knew I wanted to design since 6th grade & I stuck wit it...
you are amazing !!!!!! Big Love
Beautiful cars, Goodguys, bad directions.
I haven't heard of that one. If I'm going to read a mystery, I definitely want the chills and thrills.
Everyone looks shiny. Jobs now for make up artists!
absolutely. DM me your contact info and we'll chop it up
please Justin follow me I want to have a peace of u with me please I love you so much! #TurnToYou I love you
are you following ?
1st of the month & u can't tell South Memphis shit about drinking early in the morning!.....lol
God I hate driving in the rain!!!
i'm here for a while :) when you comin to wailea :)
Apparently my max can't move because there are people "laying on the tracks." Are you fucking kidding me, portland.
#myidol - so upset I missed Colton. Skylar was ok but not great.
Also, discussion of ideas is possible without putting others down. That's how the whole nasty exchange started, me calling out bad rhetoric.
Clare Coleman: Title X providers are required to offer contraception through some part of their service to patients.
Let's fix that! Send a DM with your name/email address and I'll have them get in touch!
Dow down 504
No problem! Glad you got to visit and enjoyed it! I love following all the great museums through twitter :)
That's nice & wholesome. When it's lemonade w/ lavender infused vodka, then we can talk. #amwriting?
bc were girl durr
Pumped to be Headed to my first NBA all star festivities in orlando.
Dance your heart out 2dayy!!!!
yea I love them too...sweet!
is in the studio today laying down some vocals
it's hard to be any use to the #crowd, until you've learned how to stand alone.
Sad. RT : Warren Buffet has been diagnosed with Stage I prostate cancer via
"Success is the result that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration."
the thing olivia did in the wherehouse. Man, that was awesome!
I'm more worried about it looking appropriately awesome than it being too edgy... I don't know! I want a giant rad necklace.
Playing squash at the MAC
When greeting people, I'm on a hugs only basis. It doesn't matter who you are.
I'm sure we all know this but i'd love in my shower & or bed with me right now. That is all.
Apparently I can't add tonight lol :)
it's your dirty mind I'm following ;)
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. But don’t make her fall if you don’t plan to catch her.
what a piece of fucking shit
you're about to get your shit rocked
What panelist?
Great Morning! Hope everyone is enjoying their commute, stop in for a lunchtime wax today and take advantage of our holiday promos.
Oh man, another. :( [RT]: Child Struck & Killed: Boy struck by truck while running past buses
Omg btw, my little angry tweet was not directed at
But I won't get tan because that's impossible
laughing:) hope you find something special!
doing well. God has been real good!
The President of the United States has a Department of Defense...and the NBA plays no defense.
Sunday 5/6 9-3pm: Come cheer on walkers with ! We'll be at O & 23rd NW w/ t-shirts! Stop by or stay all day!
Sittin with beautiful for #hangloose and in da house. And to boot!
Glad to see Tiger playing well...I can't wait to see him start dominating again.
My daughter is a huge Moon Geek so we will all be watching it tonight...Hope all is going well with you!
people always ask me, 'so why aren't U in the acting business anymore?!' So I pray that my script/project will answer the ?
Don't have a clue who Adele is but she just owned Katy Perry and Katy Perry's backing vocal track.
I never let my independence overpower my personality & emotions...never.
Texans at Noon!
You've got to appreciate the down time before you enjoy the big time. I'm not happy with what I've been doing, I'm about to change all that.
RT The state murdered Troy Davis. His sister fought for his life, even as she battled cancer. May she now rest in peace.
I'm not a fan of the guy, but he shouldn't be jailed. I don't think this petition and the whole #freebieber thing is going to do any good.
Goodbye friends. Goodbye life. Goodbye mental health. I'll see you again on May 9th.
I would but he's not my type....
Turn on your spotlight! We just made some major server upgrades!
Your beautiful. I see your face in every sun rise.
why bitches act like they're bad when they goe a ass or some titts
Saturday is my day.
Time for Chick-fil-A Leadercast at First Baptist Event Center in Wylie
Shall I dye my hair dark red? :)
nice work!
What was I goin to tweet?!?!?O_o
Really aware this week of how lucky I am to regularly play with such incredible musicians! Makes music easy, joyous, and uplifting.
Also, happy Mother's Day!
"preach, paul."
Fixed: RT impossible to win two championships in one year SO how's a basketball coach going to cure cancer?”
It's now time for Andy Pettitte to finally make his return! Let's go Yankees!
gelatin? Hehe :) why all those allergens removed??
LP Atlanta is going to campaign school in a few hours! And there's an End The Fed rally today too!
you are too good to me
So, the #Clippers are alive.
Just completed a brainstorming session with the iFountain engineering team. They done some cool stuff. It got me all pumped up!
Who needs TV on Monday nights when you have Sweetwater board meetings?
Getting sick and tired of living in this house with these people.smh
The greatest weakness of most humans is their hesitancy to tell others how much they love them while they're still alive. O.A. Battista
wats good bro?!
Congrats new members of Allegro Dance Company! Looking forward to a wonderful summer tour. www.allegrodancecompany.net
Mitsui, Mitsubishi to buy Australia LNG stake for $2 billion
If someone actually gave someone else $1 for every retweet...don't you think we'd have seen a twitpic of the cash already?
lmao i have nothing else to doo
When websites fail to do their job, is going to be my next book! Well, if I ever write a book first THEN it will be my next one. ^jl
“: i can promise you -- no mitt singing (or any politician for that matter) in our show today!” - heart u thanks!
Standing outside the Asian Art Museum, someone asks me for directions to the Asian Art Museum. For once, a q I can answer.
truth. Let's karaoke.
yea i kn some lame shit huh
So Cute:)
What color should I paint my nails?
WEDS LUNCH @ THE SMILING MOOSE - Lamb and Tomato Stew w/ Cauliflower and Kalamata Olive - Tempura Shrimp Tacos!
[You're the best!]
Quite the spread!
Rainy days and Mondays don't always get me down...it takes more than that most of time, but...
Did NBC really make plans to end 30 Rock and Parks & Rec? If so, who's with me at 30 Rock tomorrow to picket those dummies?
DOC says Meade Co. inmate dies at state prison
Yep, that was me. Were you there?
I'd trade lives with Emily Dickinson to disprove all the myths about her.
So inspired by the progress and sheer determination of my client to overcome all obstacles. Note to self: no whining. Just move forward.
-- what shadow / can the star lovers meet in / before the moon disappears? #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
if i must be a slave to habits make me a slave to god habits!
no doubt, its not like it wont happen lol
you made it to Austin?
Hey all you producers and theatre companies - if you need TOP NOTCH marketing and advertising, check out - they are amazing!
Every cloud has a silver lining, but its up to you to find it. & if your colorblind, well i guess alot more clouds are gray with silver 😏
Bought the cutest dress though
Harry styles hair duhh
At the tax office paying for car registration. For some reason I'm taking care of hudband's, too.
D: how rude :P
Why, why, why does #Chrome deny me access to Twitter? It's really starting to get to me.
I saw my friend, he's in my head, and he said, "You don't remember me, do you?"
No problem at all—thanks for letting me know! :)
- I know. Yet, I did go to BM in 1998..when it was 15K people. My loft has the best view of decompression of any in SF.
“: What are you guys drinking tonight?” urine
She trying to figure life out and loving.every moment of it
u serious
manners and life skills go a long way in this world
Major thanks to Karen Miller, Megan Elias, , for a great discussion... some great history instruction happening at CUNY!
Can't wait to get back to SD for the tennis. I've hit way too much off a wall.
good article. was surprised, though, that potus #39 was mentioned, at least a little
Thats amazing Ron!
#chicago small businesses: looking to gain deeper insights and new connections throughout the Chicagoland professional community.
What a beautiful mess, what a beautiful mess I'm in. Spendin' all my time with you, there's nothin' else I'd rather do<3
But online discourse is my spirit animal.
MF kills me when get on twitter and act like they da shit or got dis n that.
mom got drunk and puked on herself in the car all the way out in langley
i love you! <333
he moved from pins to neon green rings. Didn't really surprise me either. Ah Portland. lol
Dave Cole Spare yourselves from self-pity. It is always self-defeating. Subdue the negative and emphasize the positive.
awesome thank you so much! Hope your friends dig it too :)
Lunch at Factory: A Jamie Liz Womance
Those are the kind of stories we like to hear. Hope to see you at the Race for Hope this May!
I'm wearing ' cute brown boots today. Lurve dem!
HOP Night; ready for GLOW-RY NIGHT on Friday!! Gonna be crazy! =)
Apparently all the youtubes of beastie boys songs are "not available" today ...
ignore my last tweet!!! Aw poor baby): I'm srry
SO excited for you! Glad I could have been of any help :) Staring in the fall?
IK WHEN R WE GOING TO HEAR IT!!??
Thinking I'm ready to make this announcement TOMORROW, instead of Monday! What ya'll think??
seen them like this before . It sounds short because the mention of open inning in the fall . This is for 2013 .
I figure if u were in trouble u would call the cops and not me. Thx. Bye
Tippo the cheeky bloody mouse is back, run right in front of Nigel. Traps are back down, humane ones, sort of.lol!
Oh, there have also been 15 unassisted triple plays.
Ted ...have an awesome #Sunday!
We the real niggas from the Southside of the Chi (Chicago) Fux wit cha my nigga! And the whole Brick Squad, So Icey, movement
So far in 2012 Nsansa has impacted over 100 #business, #nonprofit & #socent leaders via our courses, coaching & advice. Help us scale...
IS THERE GOLD IN THE VILLAGE? JEWELS?
and you be safe sir, looking forward to the 100 tackle 10 sack season u are going to have!
You still have Girl Scout cookies in your house?? Man, we chugged those babies down the week we bought them -- all 6 boxes!
Hilarious! As soon as I saw the Coachella vid, I figured this would happen. I mean, people pay to see Britney Spears lipsync ...
+1 to for going #AllOut4Equality and removing homophobic "Is My Son Gay?" app! (cc )
Is done!!! With everything and everyone! Nobody is worth thinking about 24/7 and being treated like pure SHIT
Too enthralled with #actofvalor to tweet peeps!
i feel ya cavelle!
sure thing, sent me a link!
about to get this cypher going
Happy Mother's Day! Let's take today - really, every day - to show our appreciation, gratitude and love. Love you mum!
thank you!
Why does Sophomore year suck so much?...
ss... Let me have this :)
Thief who stole the wheels off my bike at Flatbush and 4th on Wed nite, you are low
wonderful show the little kid was cute
#undergroundiron almost complete. Pictures to come.
But strictly
As 2011 winds down, Los Equipales Restaurant would like to wish everyone a Happy New Year!
Reports from #Bahrain: Thousands are gathering in #Freedom Square to occupy the area for the one-year anniversary of the uprising.
Thanks for the follow. If you like #qpr you should follow my friend, #1 QPR fan (+ London AdGuy)
Meeting tomorrow, Tuesday June 7th! 7-9pm, room 312 Middleton Library! Be there!
Morning runs :)
You know what sucks? Being given about 8hrs to make 3 really huge life decisions.......I don't know what to do, I'm freaking out!!
We just about melted here in Nashville yesterday. Let us know what you're doing to keep cool!
Please send email to and we'll be sure to respond. Thanks!
Watching Braves vs Atlanta
The crowd in PES looks like an Eastern bloc misey fest
Here's the part of the day where I vow to do nothing productive.
I know lol was a min ago 2 lol. Kool. Don't mind doing another.
aren't u the guy I told the 's opening hours about an hour and a half ago?
Welcome to our newest fans! Feel free to drop questions and you'll receive responses as soon as we see fit.
amen sis he wrks on u so u can be perfect for ur mate
Sure looks like her :) I can die happy now lol
My mom and I are both going blonde. BLONDE BUDDIES!
that's gross
Idea for my blog... at least once a week, to analyze a different company's sports marketing strategy. Any suggestions for the first one?
I'm guessing fantasy tuition doesn't count? Either way, congrats bud! I'm proud that you are active in extra-circulars.
If team loses on , should be fired for insobordination. Lisa has a nasty personality.
Kiss me if im wrong.. but dinosours still exist right? ?..
Headed to O'Hare
best cure for the bronchial ick? A $5 martini, of course.
No way! Rocks more!!!
Just downloaded the Wordpress app for my iPhone - I feel like such a grown up marketer now. Look for the blog Discover Connection soon!
I'm Determined to win these.
RT : Erick Tseng: on Google+, competition is good. I just don't have enough time to use it.
Since I have moved to New York from Nashville it has been complete drama and chaos....I believe in the power of PRAYER!
Chapp106 Who n Vegas doin Vegas Shit wit me ??
Any team you think will pick T-Will up?
Thanks to for hosting 's Youth Action Team - the kids loved it!
Psh! The challenge is to succeed to read with my schedule. :/
Purdue-twit-o-philes is there an interest in forming a Library 2.0 discussion group? Would that be a good forum?
Had breakfast and it was POP TARTS....yumm
Yeah, which section are you in? I'm so excited!
I'm brawling with bunny rabbits over here. I'm determined to have an organic garden.
Welp this is awkward o.O
The Ranchers are Here! Come on down.
Yay! Definitely!! I'll DM you my number at some point.
Grayling student wins California hunting trip
How many NBA games this year?
Wonder how many minutes on the elliptical equals one macaron. Gonna have to figure this out for my life to continue.
thank u sweetie !!
s/o ...when u gone b back in dallas so we kan get u on some mo trackz fam?
Hopes everyone gets a look in at Douglas Murray's columns at Standpoint.com-SO smart, articulate and courageous - UK is lucky to have him
workin those calves girl! ;)
The pitch to Cooper... Strike three looking. And for the 5th time today, the Brewers go down in order. Wow.
Boo on you for persecuting Bo.
Yay thanks for the great review!! RT : what an awesome job location! was great! =D
Hey there yes suggested I follow you!! =)
U already no wat comes in this #Territory...Its takes a strong bihhhhhh to handle it...#IsUSure???????
Any big Entertainment News or Gossip Stories you plan on Writing about at your Blog at "The Huffington Post" on Monday?
If your looking for Mrs.Forever, you won't find her here.
We need more men like you!
did you ask for tall socks advice?
Hello and welcome to everyone attending pre-conferences today at the 2012 TLA Conference! Use hashtag #tnla12 to share your experiences.
BEST HAPPY HOUR in town 4p-6p FREE Miller pints & Absolut drinks! 6p-9p $2 U CALL IT & FREE FOOD 7p-10p only at the Hustler Club!
where u at skidz!?
Dislike: PPL that eat TicTacs from the container.
Oh an also a pool boy!
Check out Billy Preston on Unsung TV one right now Monday night....
Touch it by Busta Rythmes ;-) T : : Please Release the beat to nigga bitch that beat go hard & u do 2
Call me paranoid but i'm convinced people are following me on twitter.
LOL but I think the TV's prefer "Coke-ish" to "Artest-ish"
“What matters the most should never give way to what matters the least.”-- Unknown
raven symone gay!?!?!?!?!?! damn main i used to love ha
damn, i suld've jus got my hair done 2day bt o well ima get it done monday so i aint really tripin' bout it
I love the Dinner with 6 Strangers events! Hope to participate soon!
hey mr virginia follow back Lol
Lovey doing duckface during his poses
I dont have faith that they can
so true“: I like to keep photos around from middle school to remind myself that it can always be worse. #vv #mc”
Am bored anyone wants to TWEET ? plz
I'm in Miami and its my mother's Birthday. wish I was in Orlando to celebrate with her... :-( still a #MommasBoy lol
The #priceofsuccess is nowhere as high as how much it costs when one fails…….
Um.... appalled at the show, "Toddlers and Tiaras."
RT: Paging #drwurm :) Tell her congrats!!
thanks!! Need to get new ones for retro day
You should know the Colts by now! You were (and should still be, imo) a COLT!!!
Hi TM Tx 4 flwng All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
bought them from people nervous about the season.
i see your ready for an apocalypse lol
Key Bank sponsor guy seems nervous. Had a good intro joke though.
boys are crazier
pates or do i have to buy. if if i have to buy it then i cant get it
Not even in my class though. I'm in Shay Shay class
Dislocations: Acts of Enclosure feeds into writing about shifts in relation to post-industrial revolution. 09/25 12:30pm
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. - Elie Wiesel
one of my followers :p
Because I am a little bit silly and much too imaginative, I have taken on too many writing projects. There. I've admitted it.
We offer a free plaque, with a $100.00 purchase or more. help us help Abused Children in Our area. www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com Thanks!!!
I heard my name called..lol
Should we have a #health2con tweet up Monday? is planning an #HITsm event Tuesday night.
Brewers vs Braves - Good call on not walking Uggla
Thanks for the RT about #mindsets from the German Minister of Defense: "Mindsets evolve more slowly than circumstances."
Super-psyched to be shooting tomorrow and on Saturday, both whom I met at the last !!
TWISTED TRIVIA: 58% of women say that MEN are better at this, what is it?
that sucks! I know he was trying hard.
shoot, did i miss the show?? darn! she is amazing powerful stuff.
I don't think anyone's losing sleep over losing Teen Wolf Too from instant
Going to a Pilates workshop to gain more knowledge....hope to see you all in class!
#resume #tips Job descriptions are terrible at describing a job (on a resume) and even worse at describing what you did..
itunes robs my bank account
the weekend will end soon, so sad :-(
uhmmm ha okay
oh----me too! Loved their chicken and wild rice soup! They were such a good lunch option for the Madison Pub Lib workers. :)
great seeing you last night! Thanks for coming out!
they should make a cardboard cut out of you. id be the first to buy it(:
Ha! Thanks girl. I knew someone could relate! I'm glad you got the Craft reference. People don't remember that movie- sad
I hate getting woken up this early by my barking dog. I swear I'm gonna rip her vocal chords out.
You're selfish a'f broo .
Let him set up in JJ's!
Lucky guy! RT : My world got a bit smaller today as I got to know & Two great, funny, smart women!
Perkkpoppin , polodrawsrockin, badbitchgettin, m o t h a f u c k a I m a p r o b l e m
getting these Akron Zoo kids lined up for you! Super stoked for this!
Listen to my album it's deeply encoded with the street mentality
plant love , grow peace <3
Ah. Varney called me earlier trying to see if I knew any florists open on Sunday in Pikeville. I really didn't piece it together.
Just looked at the trends in Toronto and it looks like a fight between and
but I'm pretty sure she read it ;)
yes Doug this Alan
"Take politics out of transportation" -
sometimes research (and service) can be slow, but i will *never* get tired of working in the inspiring Library of Congress reading room.
Wendy thanks for the RT!!!
Planned my weekend out for the ! Looking forward to seeing , , and !
You're lucky! At 10 was watching B. Graham crusades on TV. And "Dick Clark's Rockin' New Yr's Eve." It's how we rolled in OK!
Word. has a dream that will STAY A DREAM. lol.
wow. quite a fail.
mr. King?
Who knew? In 1800s there was a "wall of breadfruit trees” from Hu`ehu`e to Kealakekua. Ingenious way of holding clouds to bring rain.
"Why do people want you to speak your mind and then get upset when you do?"
Glad to here it Bro.
It's so gross outside, all I want to wear are my pajamas...
Will there be a Mac version of Storyline? please, please, please?
I didn't know I had to choose..aren't they both hard?
cause literal whales are good with everything.
What are you doing tonight?? Let me give you some options: Trapeze FTL: F**k Out Loud Party / Trapeze ATL: Ladies Night
My dad just found out about Aporia today. I didn't want him to listen to it but he heard it and actually likes it.
thanks, Todd!
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams.
I can't wait until I understand how to use #google+ .
Oxford's Christmas lights switch-on gets new location - BBC News BBC News Oxford 's Christmas lights switch-on gets new location BBC News
I'll never get why some ppl dont seem to understand simple social courtesies like making eye contact saying hi taking an interest in others
:) I am so looking forward to your return to STL! Sending good vibes for finals.
RT : "We just wanted to be the ugliest motherfuckers, the most unnatural looking, the crappiest people"—Mike Kelley,...
Thank you for following
I'm telling you its the best gig in the planet
Im so dark
tell me why I'm back in Milwaukee, eating at Applebee's and they got a football pic of u on the wall...
love the $3 20oz Guinness until 2012! What a treat!!
Now that the game is over its time for Franklin..
Looking forward to your arrival tomorrow!
lol! It would be so nice if you could come too!
yea, it's pretty cool. I like it hehe. Well, glad to hear you're kickin butt like always! :) have a great week, luv.
PickUpLine: I had a wet dream about you last night. Help me make it a reality.
No, thank you! RT Thanks for the follow!
Extra, extra! Eat all about it... IT'S MUNCH MADNESS HERE AT THE FUJI!
2012 Resolution #1 Do something new at least once per month
Last call! Are you a mommy #blogger that likes to #cook on the side? Have a #healthy #breakfast #recipe you would like to share with us?
I used to just be playin around when I said Chris Bosh sucked, but that nigga is legitametly terrible now
Stan surveys his fellow carnys: "How helpless they all looked in the ugliness of sleep. A third of life spent unconscious and corpselike."
Richmond #Kickers are staying at our hotel in Charleston. What time is the game tomorrow? Go Kickers!
Aidan just said, "She's a cowboy right?"
On the way to the Ward 5 Advisory Council Meeting for break out sessions on economic development.
I think "Super Duper" anything sounds pretty darn awesome! Keep it in your brainstorming toolbox, k?
ha ha you're right about that!
How fun! Betty White is in San Diego and she will be honored tonight at The Petco Foundation Gala
The correct answer is hoisin sauce. Our winner is ! Michelle, pls email your Karma Card # to .
What kind of public health jobs? If you're an RN we are hiring.
5 more mondays...
I'm back on that BULL SHIT Derrick ROSE!!!!
i second that notion. The time differential just flat out sucks.
the lady from the Maxim party? Too funny
oh kool. What yr r u n?
what equivalent of a citation in the nonprofit literature world? we seem to cite academic sources but not each other. is this accurate?
genre preference?
#weirdfactaboutme I have to watch YouTube videos to fall asleep
you and Kian need to make a keek
- #Thanks for the #retweet ! Have a great #weekend :-)
Hope that everyone enjoyed Shavuot and the weekend! Thanks again to all who joined us in tweeting #Torah!
i wouldn't pay $ 2,o+ to see One Direction front row. Nope. Sucks for the parents though, for their kids it's either a die or go situation
#blueslidepark OH MY GOD free ipod signed by MAC MILER?that would be the best. day.ever.
Trying to keep positive, but I'm beyond frustrated and stressed.
did you all turn into quicksilver and start surfing?
Ironically with Whitney's death, and I have been bringing up Bobby Brown's #Newedition up on our show on recently
Dear "The Pitch," please Google "center cut safe." Thank you. Signed, a guy who still has a 4:3 TV.
watching game commentaries on youtube just cuz
have you checked out remind101?
RT What's worse, Smash or Glee? // Yes.
I am bringing you today!
you don't have a hand!?!
I would have preferred Knowledge Professionals Assn (KPA) but will vote yes for ASKPro. Maybe better options were taken?
I know! I was like omgomgomg!! Christine and I were in it for a SPLIT second... my face looked deformed though... June 15th!!
Just listened to a track from Mongo Santa Maria's Mama Papa Tu that rocked! Great mid-day tune to get you going.
Bout that time for round 2 #cardio. Gonna run 6 miles as fast as I can and/or like a crazy person run'n naked..which happens often in
Got to love Papalote burritos.
Reading Scorpio Races by Maggie Steifvater - original concept, great story
if by gross you mean amazingly delicious...
#top100femaleLies "I DONT USUALLY BE DOING THIS"
That's awesome! Looks like all your hard work paid off.
Unpack this, plz.
NO!! Someone hold my nutella and chicken nuggets! You call yourself a "ICONiac" sure!
#Jets announce that the team has signed sixth-round pick RB Terrance Ganaway.
Women are merely 3% of Fortune 500 CEOs (via )
lol Obama filling out a women's bracket. I could maybe buy him following college ball but come on he isn't catching any girl's games
what were you doing in Harlem lol?
Congrats to our FB photo contest winner, Erin! Look out for a special Twitter contest coming this week w/ sweet prizes from
shipping is included. Yes.
Hahaha damn, it wasn't! But I did listen to my fair share of System of a Down back in the day.
your draw something won't even load on my phone! LOL!
Keep forgetting to thank you far taking a pic with me on Draftmas. Thank you. ;) Hope your workouts are going well!
Good Morning! (and a good afternoon to our friends on the other shore!)
10 Christmas bells left- Engraver coming in tomorrow!
The messenger of bad news isn’t the problem. Correct the problem & make changes or your competition will replace you. SeanLetwat
Good morning everyone! :) Woke up to so many birthday wishes -- thank you all <3 !!
I think next one up is Shutterous for $500M. Can I start a rumor? :p
Best surnames I've seen while browsing the index-free #1940census? Shout, Costar, and Durff.
1st my bike is stolen, now my apt smells like pot and it's NOT me! Feel like I live in a dorm. This is BS
One person requests to keep the #bmorehistoric blog up!
And give her a bottle of Victoria's secret lotion from me. will know what it means.
But think the rest of the US uses it as an excuse to drink. That's where we come in!
is coming to NYC from Feb. 6-9 -- get ready!!
where are you?
Seriously. RT I was expecting this Media Matters email about the Fox Nation headline an hour ago.
I was tryna watch that bre taylor video...it kept freezing up...but I dnt think I wanna see it all...
"How long does this report have to be?" "3-5 pages long"... 3 pages it is.
“It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.” Keep it real and Marinate on that.........
I possess a working knowledge of cash management and understand risk assessments and compliance.
thanks sista!! It's always a struggle, but once I get weeks behind me it'll be easier!!
There Are Plenty Of Fish In The Sea, So Stop Trippin' Over A Guppy.
Creative abrasion - my new favorite term to describe the discomfort that sometimes accompanies learning. Thanks
sure do buddy lol
#IAintGotTime for a traffic jam or my bro bothering me
Ill give ya a hint. Its on souncloud! lol
thanks for the RT earlier!
Well this day started off nicely.
Gianna is so hardcore with her tattoo lol
Doing work making money
Liked the movie "Revolutionary Road". Fine acting, especially Kate.
How do we () help spread the Startup America Partnership at our Fall conference?
I can't wait to see your show tonight at the Benedum in
Now hiring promoters on the hottest parties on the beach...dm for details! 21+ events
I miss you too! I haven't seen you in forever; when are you home
night night sleep well! TGIF
love ya dirty george!!
I thought he publicly declared he didn't want to go to GB
That moment when says shell fight u but doesn't:) smh
I will too! Haha
I remembered in the morning when I was on the skytrain that jane did kill red john. I thought you just said that as a joke lol
Officially had this headache for 24 hours. Grrrrrrrrrrr.
#meet1Dwithroz Please I have never seen or met the boys in my life. Paying all that money for a concert is to much,& I'm just hoping I win.2
Once you accept your flaws no one can use them against you ♥
Ky weather is way too unpredictable...
im about to leave a stain on this planet
Hey, thanks for the follow. Look forward to getting to know you! Matthew
Busy Busy Day. Fashion week will be here before you know it!
Lots of exciting news from . Can't wait for VSCO Cam and Sites.
I started the company with $1000. Wow. Awesome.
haha I am as soon as I recover from surgery /; already got a girl board but it's a 8 1/2... Too big lol
I see you've changed your profile picture again!
Happy Sweetest Day ...
absolutely! thanks for the follow :)
Oh no! I got a creppy looking sub! Yikes!
Thanks for the shout-out!
It's more than enough. I'm doing the same except I work for 10 hours today. ;)
!!!!! RT : If you text me first, you are legally obligated to continue the conversation!
next weekend!!!!
Rt if you wanna see my boobs ?
Tonight its moonlight with candles and shit,<3
Coconut Grove!Here's your chance for some #coolhaus ! Stop by coconut grove bank (2701 bay shore drive): #Foodtrucks for lunch til 2pm
aww yeeee :) The girl we both hate... oh god.. can't stand that beeotch.
ALWAYS GET THE PICKLE!
you know what you should do? Play draw something with me.
Pacers even series up 1-1 with 93-78 win...series shifts to Orlando Wednesday night.
Good day in Appleton and Oshkosh with the family.
Hah, the first picture caption says Denver, Ohio.
#Limbaugh's remarks attempt 2 conflate the #feminist link btwn women controlling their own fertility & empowerment () (1of6)
First batch of #homebrew is in the carboy for the next couple weeks. Can't wait to taste it!
oh wow I must know when this comes to your shop! So cute!
() question from a 6ish year old boy after an Anne Frank performance-"Does Nazi mean like being nuts?"
That drive was football at it's finest!
the hardest thing in golf is to trust something new. Trust it. That's what is going on with Tiger right now. I know how he feels.
Oh fuck. I thought we were meeting up at Bigfoot far-east! Damnit.
: ) NO Prob Bay , FOLLOW Me I Promise I'll FOLLOW Back
west I always wanted to say to “: Oh, will you stop it,”
what a weak ending
Never been so happy to lay in my bed <3
Love it!
Bummer: Donna Summer's gone. Time to go and play "MacArthur Park" or "Last Dance" or "Bad Girls". Depends on my mood.
thanks a whole lot
wow... You are getting old! O.o first the parking lot theatre now this water bed? SMH!
#welovegreyson because he is true to who is and who he really wants to be and end up he's not gonna change
Open mic at the Nicollete .. trying to convince nikki 2 get on stage!
I suspect that, left unchecked, Helena Bonham Carter's eyebrows would take over the world.
GIRL VENT TO ME I WANNA KNOW BRO :*
Yes definitely! Thursdays the truck is at Temple. Coffee, cupcakes, #cataloging (metadata) & ContentDM!
... lol u rite . Ima go find one rite now.. lol any suggestions
no idea
it had a positive influence for 3 weeks. Nothing has changed about Kony. So it had close to no influence at all
lol yeah!! were just that cool!
Yay! I just hit 40 followers! ;)
Glad you're enjoying lunch! We're happy to help your productivity! :)
Yes It Sucks I Worked Hard & Thank You I Hope He Sees Yours To 😊 I'm A Congratulate You
my 1,000 tweet goes out to my boy and this girl haha
In the second half KU needs to step up their game. T-Rob could MAKE some shots and generally we need to not suck.
Exactly one month until summer!!😊👍
After a 14 hour driving day, finally at tahoe. On the plus side, the dog seems to like the car.
I'm a Twitter know-nothing. A guy from the community volunteered to give me a hand, bless him.
RT : Michael Hemment: "really cute research guide seeking: course web sites, e-resources and library catalogs"
WAIT WUT? Where are you? Saw him after the race; I'm so jealous!
"Thinking about what? :oo" What I want to say: "Oh everything I thought we had that is nothing now." What I actually say "Just stuff."
What's the one travel item you can't leave without? Us Grannies can't travel anywhere without our Liquis luggage from !
Rap alias Phillip Graves
People ask me, "why is it so hard to trust people?" I ask,"why is it so hard to keep a promise?"
I'm honestly starting to believe that I treat the wrong people right, and the right people wrong!!! :-/
A key in life is to define ourselves not lose ourselves thru big moments (in sports) or big projects (at work).
Lots 'o treasure!!!
that clip was painfully long
#Text ULTRASTAR to 90210 for #discounts & special updates from Ultrastar Movie Theaters throughout the
Tonight is the next #Xbustour stop- we're in DC at the USA Today offices! In the area? Come by and say hi!
13 hours of sleep and I almost feel like a real person again.
Funny how Honey ain't Sweet like Sugar, ain't Shit Sweet
will try to drop in in a bit.
Didnt see any ghosts. My candles must be working!
I mean it's not bad...
#WhyDoIHaveTo be a directioner that lives in the Midwest, management doesn't even know we exist
When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find ways to do it. -Dr. David Schwartz
Training Truth: If all you do is lift Peter Pan weights, all you are going to get is a Peter Pan body.
wow thanks! I love #ted talks! It is a dream of mine to be a speaker there! ;-)
I guess there will be no Mobb Deep prostate cancer PSA like i imagined "there's a war goin' on outside no man is safe from"
Nice new aprons
The kiddos are loading the busses now for our #BellAFB Kid's Play Day... headed to Main Event and the Fort Worth Zoo!
76-55 Pacers lead that's the way I like it uh huh uh huh. Now finish it.
Social networking sites help the habit, I'm sure.
It's time for the contest! Who is going to win?
It seems like is busy as ever! N and I miss our active mamas and babies every Tuesday around noon!
i heard lady gaga she was born with a dick.
casey ill go !!
Thanks for following #WritingEditing /thanks-for-following!
If you like R&B music, check out and follow He has some good singles on itunes.
we're totally going to have an NFC tag on our door that will check us in. Also, with luck, unlock the door.
RT : We'll have servers on hand at #startupweekend, & prizes from & Springboard. Use STARTUPTECH
New Psychic Fair March 10th and 11th
Remain unique...
keep grinding s/o to the DRUMADDICTS I hope u on ure way to the studio
he was in my suggestions lmfao:) wonder why? Aha🇬🇧
I got three words for this : Hot as Hell !!!
ya you are going crazy on gifboom lol
And then there were 32... Chardon BrewWorks' Ironworker advances to the Third Round of the National IPA Competition! Ohio beers are rockin'!
YES. MT: 's tumblr, "hard skills can be learned, while soft skills need to be developed."
#WhenAustin tweets that he's recording a new song :)
yeah... I've never been good at math.
Assume a win until you check who all you text last night...lol
Who uses groupon?? Or living social??
Your cartoon profile picture will stop child abuse as much as a picture of my Dick will get you pregnant...
I complain a lot but I'd never trade my life. I think I like my fucked up life more than the people we 'wish we were' like theirs
HMG!!!! í can´t follow people :S
I've had great responses from occasional tweets involving
Do You Get Some Of Your Music from Media Fire ?
It's my beautiful sister's 30th Birthday! Thankful 4 another year of celebration as she touches many lives! I love you L!!
See, here comes your wisdom. You are correct in understanding my tweet. Relationships are IMPORTANT!
- Been a while. How's everyone doing?!
Hubby gifted a solitare :))
Waste no more time talking about great souls and how they should be. Become one yourself
Show tonight at the Black Oak!
Just found out my horse my dad bet for me was in the lead until the very end and got second
Never been this impatient about getting the mail before...
Followed ! :D I will give you some shout outs and shit and I will get your followers up bruh! Make sure to let people knw bout me!
So much talk about Japan amongst friends that I really want to go now!! Next trip Tokyo!!
Good dx on the way home tonight. 441 and i had a good 15 minute conversation
Trayvon Martin was used as a reference in tonight's episode of Law & Order: SVU. That's huge!
great workshop at mid TN ASTD today! Biggest takeaway pull info from learner! Don't push!
Got a new feature request for Judy's Book. Let us know
OK. The guy might be shaking his legs because the young man he's talking to may be having a nervous breakdown.
Happy New Year! The bags are on the way.
Never raise your hand to your children - it leaves your midsection unprotected.
RT : That awkward moment when your friend is friends with the person you hate.
any particular one stand out for you?
catch me i'm ballin
******Collaborations needed******Eastcoast and downsouth rappers female male dont matter i will send track to email RT if ur interested
Follow he follows back :&#41;
After record breaking attendance yesterday the is staying open 1 hr later all this week!
So Beyonce announces shes preggo on #vma red carpet? U go girl! I'd have to be in labor to admit that on live tv!
Ok, I'm 'bout to go dark y'all - just retweeted my tweet.
you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
I love her!
What is the name/course number of the GIS mapping class that you are taking?
u at the crib yet baby
smashing this bk
love story???
*fingers crossed* I hope they say yes
hanging out with Sara and our puppies
Sweet, have to check it out. Thanks!!
They acting like she supposed to go through a depression or something because Tami not her friend.
Estrada with 9 k's through 5. Heck of an emergency start
Its TOO DAMN BRIGHT!!!
Chillin' with at
Good day, beautiful people. <3 Hope you take a moment this weekend and catch your breath and remember than you're loved!
Go ahead and take a little piece of my heart, that's how we're gonna have to start
#HappyBirthdayMattGraham lets trend this for today. This guy is the best.
miss you guys! Hope to hang out soon
his laugh made me laugh, too cute
I'm such a hippie when it comes to food.
Game 7 in New York #Rangers vs
Very excited to represent at the colloquium next week!
nice new avi!!
Stoudemire needs to demand the ball.
Blasting some
yeah, it's odd. and annoying. I'm having a hard time thinking straight.
Wow. Awesome night performing. All I can say is the Holy Spirt was there. #allglorytoGod!
<~~~~ marinating striped bass for tomorrow.... #CoachCanBurn #concinando :)
Is still enjoying, and learning a lot at, the Israel & Bible Prophecy conference (day 2) at Calvary Chapel Chino Hills.
Back to work delivering food part-time. #lifestylesoftherich&famous #onlytemporary haha
update your twitter or no one will like you!
Here's to alcohol: the cause of, and answer to, all of life's problems. ~ Matt Groening
On the otter hand, had a great afternoon with my love. 
So sleepy 💤 night
It was freakin Tandoori.
We are always searching for the thrill of it, thrill of it
Happy Birthday Benayoun
My Last Retweet >> true stuff bro
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow. ~Mary Radmacher
Happy mothers day to all the amazing mothers out there!! Rt if your one of them
why are you still up??
No worries sis, thats what PHAm is for...RT : Thank you for sharing!
Caught in a "Related Artists" rabbit hole on I started with Alex Chare, and have no idea how I got to where I am now.
Who's all going to see the #BlueManGroup at the this week?! Remember we're only a 1/2 block away!
Bible Study then Gills Birthday :)
Dnt run away from ur problems they might be faster then you lol
Why we following you but you not following us?
Bummer! Woke up at 4am with feverish 2-yr old! Hope they feel better soon.
Nathan rocks. Serious momentum happening.
amazing yesterday boring today :p hbu
R.I.P. Big Pun
goodnight(: & I loved blogtv tonight.Love you.<3 xoxo
Tonight Will Be The Night That I Will Fall For Yu...</3
RT : Silly followers, snow is for January ⛄🌀☁
Great tip! Keep an emergency $20 tucked away in your phone cover.
The real is on the rise, fuck them other guys.
she said probably i gotta ask my dad tomorow so ikl tell u at skool
Congrats for being selected for the Cow Parade! I can't wait to see your cow!
no his knee was clearly up in Angerer's saddlebags
Needs a change
yes mom
Twitter peeps...how would u like to see a rocking music fest with the worlds best whitewater rafting involved??? Tell us what u think???
Yay for a hanging out with a fellow book lover & writer, now a new friend at !
Vinnie! Now need a walk off by Choo!
Not sure what the deal is
I never wait too late ;)
I don't watch a lot of #hockey but this Flyers vs Penguins playoff game is crazy! So much violence.
yesterday my b day and u didnt follow me :'(
What was the final score? Congrats to my man coach P (patton) on his trip to the final 4. He works hard and does a great job
Hey #Milwaukee, be sure to check out the #CashMob this weekend! Do your part and boost the local economy.
i am back i am in ohio now and i am going to cedar point which has 60 rides all together but has 17 roller coasters
Getting glasses today and the only reason I'm excited is because I get to skipp 3 hours or school
oh ok *sarcastic vc* *flips hair* bitch I'm a princess lmfao
#speedbusters w/ is moving from Mondays to Wednesdays @ 10 on #TMJ4. This week, a routine stop in Waukesha that's anything but.
I c u like that new e40 check out number 10 on disc 2 called grey skies I produced the beat for that
Crossing off one of Jackie's bucket list items after our show today. It's item number 45, eat breakfast at Tiffany's.
me too... been awake but hadn't 'fired up my twitter machine' yet! hehe! Have a great day, Jay!
about $65 bucks
Such a wonderful day it is! :-)
Do you have high-res images of your CreateIT logo and/or of students at work in the classes? We'd like to help publicize!
What do we need a psychiatrist for? We know our kid is nuts.
iNETdx Corporation provides mobile applications for iPhone, Android, Blackberry and is now adding new resellers for a limited time.
Good food. Terrible service. Food MAY be worth dealing with the service, but its close....
Ah no more of our pepp encrusted tuna salad!And you said it was ok to skip it Sun saying "it's not going anywhere."
Hey Dan. That was a GOOD one.
Beer used to be considered food...I think it was all 4 food groups!
When I don't remember meeting someone I usually tell them I was probably in a walking blackout at the time... clears things right up.
Everyone. Please pray for the 3rd grade girl that got shot today at school. She's in critical condition at Harbor View. Please pray! ): <3
YA!!!!!!!!!! Congratulations!! Can't wait to see the ring! Merry Christmas to you and Phil!
time to get some D
ill look for u im wearin a black and white baseball tee and a redand black hat with words on it and a blue bracelet the says hope
I will check it later when I'm home! But for now Mexican Food!
#cvcouncil Council having a great dialogue on civic engagement! Maybe have a facilitator at council mtgs to improve dialogue?
learn some French it will be good for you
Relaxing at hotel in Madrid. Time for a nap!
ok i feel you but what about kayne west you don't think he got missy faded?
Is there a financial derivative for #nonprofits from the avalanche of money spent to buy ads for political campaigns? What can we learn?
Have you ever been to Earthsavers? We can help with your spa craving
What venue?
shut ur ass up Slave. Wtf asking for movies gotta do with ur Twilight Watching ass?
Henry Thomas, the cute little boy who befriended E.T., turns 40 today. Holy turds.
w/o cheating I'm just going to throw out a guess & say USC for the 1st part and Texas for the 2nd part. Seems obvious?
“: we weren't clicking at all. Very big upset.”
Listen to no air cover by alyssa shouse and austin mahone ^.^
let see why u still up
Wow! Can't believe the lakers about to have 7 game series in the first round. WTF!
A terrifying warning: "This site relies heavily on PDF files."
Keeping it going...playlist extended.
Will get warm here next week. Meantime the nearby mountains got snow !
I'm hungry and horny at the same damn time!! Lmfao
Started playing around with this branding 2 years ago and am finally happy enough with it to share. Cards & Twitter done. Now for my site...
The amish are a constant reminder of how bad the world would be without technology
I've been listening to new album ”up all night” and i'm in love
in Garden State, fine I am sold. but only because of you nick, not 'her'
What made you think I liked Eyes Wide Shut?
Whatever band Blake Schwarzenbach is in.
Let the record show, this day and forever more, #DaBulls are the best franchise in the universe!
Jerry Papas: Time Gigolo
March 1862 .....Ironclad ships the Monitor and the Merrimack battle in the Civil war.
I'm in it to win it.
“: I'd love to have the book The Lucky One right now😊😊”
If only bad habits could be broken as easily as hearts! - Christopher Spranger
What a report; four cops, six fire martial, and two reports. What a day.
Stop calling me!! Why can't some people catch a hint. Good God! Lol
WHOA. The first Seder is a week from tomorrow night? Wasn't it just Rosh HaShanah?
can you make screenshot of the error via skitch or equivalent?
I could spend a whole day at best fitness just people watching
Got a ten on my calc quiz. I didn't even need 's help!!
welcome to this life style!
Great times Thurs night at #POP! Congrats to the cast crew and staff
i talked to him :) im still calling its ringing lol just answer bro talk to me let me kno what its like 2 b a raider
Happy Birthday to me 5/15 I was Delivered in #Naptown. The first child to be born in nap. My Roots #Mississippi Southern raised.
Meh, just don't become a toothpick. Gotta have some voluptuousness to ya lass! You should be happy with who ya are!
Who is all going to the Power game on July 10th? Come on down and make some noise and the Power make their push into the playoffs!
doesn't go to college and im home all the time
Thanks for the friendly reminder. We are now back to tweeting!
Nice to read about all the positive Cisco press this morning. I will always have a soft spot for my former employer.
Working on Wing Night is the most depressing thing
Keep those tweets coming ...
Did anyone see Dr. B on Channel 3 this morning??
Holla at me!
what tweet? :o
My son is 1 yr old today. Time is a moving train; it's going too fast for me to jump off. - zach.
Boys basketball practice at Molokai High School!!! Shaka!!
Thank you! Yes to training more librarians to be computer programmers!
Excited for the wedding!!
Chicago/milwaukee #SameThang RT Los Angeles or Chicago? Washington or Texas?
Add me on psn ( peyton112 ) please add me please please please please please please please please
Follow bacl please ,
Here's a tip: don't try to renew your driver's license on election day. Everyone at the DMV is trying to get an ID.
another friend managed to get us tickets! yipee!
such a pretty horse
My grandpa is hilarious lmao he gives me life!
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile call and text her randomly for no reason :)
The most popular Dog Breed in US is The Labrador Retriever!What kind of Dog do you have?
How far can #tebow take Denver? best tweets make the article!!!
Monday, after 1:00 p.m.?
Deadass... im boutta post my raps on here, watch me get like 50 new followers by the months end, Lmfaoo
we almost have the same exact names, unless your middle name is renee, in that case we do :)
But at least i still look young :)
I knew I recognized this building. It's where a marketing suit got on to me for being too colloquial in SM at a WP conf
I don't understand why you have to lie to me to get my attention.....just be yourself....I was your only friend and you messed that up..smh.
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson YAY he saw it :') we love you so much boobear <3 :)
Congrats Terp and the #49ers. One step closer to a repeat Harbowl! #Ravens fans are ready!
sounds like you just need to find a girlfriend for the weekend. Energy will be so nuts you don't even need to be at the game
I can't quit you
I am a BBW, and proud.
you okay?
Scroll down and point out one negative tweet. I would rather say something nice than be direspectful any day. I hope u have a wonderful day.
Me, too! Next time, dinner, on me.
so true <3
Can't wait for Tibbits tonight! First show back in Michigan! :)
When I lived in a warm climate I never watched TV; now I live in DC...got an iPad & now apps are the only thing that keep me warm at night.
Montréal trip is booked! So excited to be staying at the beautiful hotel ZERO 1 Montréal again!
RT : RT : TWITTER (n) A social media service that some call a communications revolution, but cynics call "The New Friendster."
Coolest/Geekiest #Milwaukee #CALICon11 place to go - the Safe House, a spy/espionage bar/restaurant!!! 779 Front Street
Winning is everything!
Went and checked out my friends Church and they had a annoited drummer he was smacking those skin I couldnt sit still. Awesome!
They're counting down the "Top Ten Wizards" on this entertainment news show and I'm muttering under my breath "Gandalf!"
Everyrthing is hard until it is easy
I feel like going Orpik and dishing out Free Candy...
Someone got a White Paper they would like posted? Let me know! HRResourcePortal.COM is waiting for you!
also, I don't have the transcript, but he may have qualified it with "right away." I still think it's closer than that.
yeah I'm trying to get the whole GCF crew to follow me. Right now it's just
Love seeing Brian Boyle mush jersey faces in the ice this early... Lmao
I really don't care, sucks to suck!
His signs annoyed me because of his anti-semitic nonsense during his campaign. That's bad enough, but to litter, too? Rude.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO AL THE MOTHERS ON TWITTER :)) ND TO ALL THE MOTHERS WHO AREN'T ON TWITTER :))
aww your the best thanks for helping!!! :) Get Austin Mahone Verified
yeah I was gonna get $450 for mine.
Overheard at Rice University: "This weekend shit's gonna get REAL...We're gonna write that paper."
ya so your chances of crashing would of lowered by a lot.
Council for International Promotion of Costa Rican Medicine: 2010 some 36,000 people visited spending around $295 million for procedures.
- Live editing a Google Doc is good sport, esp. w/spreadsheets. (Showing up in pink isn't unlucky; it just belies my machismo...)
I need more people in my life who know what the big words mean..
Um no? I thought we took it the tuesday before break.
Thanks for the follow and Tell me, do you suggest tree work when a house is needing to be sold? Could help!
well thanks for shuttin me down. :-(
Justin Drew Mallette Bieber ♥
Sorry bout that, it's on the footer. Will get you unsubscribed, no problem.
$4000 and it's yours!
r u on ur ipod
Water seeps to its own level. What we are saddled here with is an empty fucking chamber pot.
Brendon & Rachel are still on the #AmazingRace. The earth has to suffer a pregnant Snookie & them? The world really is ending this year.
I love reading twitter posts of these pompous #Lakers fans who are trying to trivialize the fact that their team's getting blown out.
My photography is being seen in GERMANY! I got an order for Vibrant Magazine all the way from GERMANY! Woohoo!
Cool! RT : RT : Biggest day for Etch A Sketch since 1961?
Romances, tanlines, parties, memories.
I love u ladys very much see you guys very soon in Denver.
Sounds like here in Minnesota...except for the 66 and sunny part....we may hit 40 today though who!
I'm still sad.
The loss of two of my #lovely young #sororitysisters in one day is difficult to handle, but my #faith holds me up when I'm about to crumble
Long day.
Big announcement regarding a huge tour for HW coming soon\m/
This Saturday is going to be far from good (: Cinco de mayo , quince party , fireworks , sleep over & shuffling seshh . <3
Thank you!
RT : Headed to for the plant sale today! Serving up some delicious breakfast and also lunch! Will be there...
Using radio waves to boil freeze-dried Japanese noodles, and wirelessly broadcasting this mundane fact with a handheld CPU.
Awesome pitch last night - very excited to check out
I think it's what we get for being loud during
Just heard from bandhappy at #techbreakfast - great concept for music instruction.
Thank you for the follow! Have a great day! :)
Does anyone have any good plays that they run from the spread? Looking for some bread and butter plays!
Hey it's Jay Towers :) Hello from McDonalds in Mt. Clemons on Grosebeck! Come see me!
Christmas...whats good for a 13 year old boy?
Y'all did everything the coaches asked of you.....That's enough for me Steelers 4 ever!!!
:-) we got lucky. my Bella hardly cries, only when shes hungry, gets da hiccups when shes wet, other than that shes quite
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a time of 33:01 with Nike+ GPS.
Most painful misspelling I've seen lately: mispelling.
why you miss me???
London close: Gains pared after comments from ECB&#39;s Draghi
Twitter aint hitting on shit right now i get back on later
Easter is tomorrow and after all the food I am going to be eating their is no such thing as dinner!
RT : I predict that Ukulele sales will skyrocket due to Eddie Vedder's new album. You heard it here first, folks.
no one ever looked better than you, Andy, and no one ever worked harder.
Phone jumped from to major genre swap.
where u
Wait, what??! How did it get to be 9:55 already?
Great to meet you at TEDMED! Need to collaborate on Health Literacy soon!
Whep, not the ideal way to start the season.
You are welcome!
its only a matter of time till Indians are added to the category..
NICE TO FOLLOW YOU. LOOKING FORWARD TO HELP YOU RENOVATING YOUR PROPERTIES FOR SALE. OUR GOAL IS TO INCREASE PROPERTY VALUE
happy Sunday everyone! remember -TNT-Tues Night Tans for just $25 spray tanning !
Me Either!
RT : Man, this nigga did a # on da #JustLikeThis beat. How come I only got positive things 2 say about ? Lol
man its.gonna be like this all year long win one ...lose.one....
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation
This Sun just fucked up my run ... its too hot for all of that !
Penn & Teller's Fool Us series has been renewed for a 2nd year on the UK's ITV network, One of my fav shows this year for many reasons.
After Pres. Obama's announcement, some religious African Americans won't vote Romney but they WILL stay home.
Yeah, I would be up for Mexico, but my fair skinned ladies are better suited for the northern climes of Canada. See you there.
How does the forecast look for Sydney, Australia first week on June?
I don't know why I save bookmarks. I almost never look them up, and when I do, I can't find what I'm looking for.
Calling it... passes to anyone that won't make him shoot.
I was just thinking the same thing! lol
I love this. wish there was free music in downtown 'burgh everyday.
No how
Happy Thanksgiving. If you can read this you are blessed!
#How2MakeABlackPersonMad show up to their house unannounced
Details are important
Thanks for listening Lauren!
Who's keeping up with the Golden Globes tonight?
Celebrate this February 29 by making a leap toward better vision health. Schedule an eye doctor appointment today!
amen “: We shouldn't be printing viewbooks at all. #pseweb”
Dare ya!!
I was going to drop more than a hammer on them
HELL YEA! BUMS!!! LOL
Just wanted say "thanks" to all of you for da birthday greetings!
A good orange always makes my day
I don't care about a light, I just want to know: is there a nap at the end of this tunnel?
Packers 2012 schedule not as bad as I thought...can see 13 wins .maybe we'll be talking about 3 titles in a row by Summer.
Drinking RT : Watching the Rangers and painting. I can't think of ANYTHING I'd rather be doing :)
On the plane in my way to
I'm in Orlando.. What part of va u in?
Presents the Battle of the Bands Finals this Friday Sept. 17th at the Vinyl in Atlanta. Tickets 10 adv show starts at 5pm!!!
I'll take a box of Peanut Butter Patties, please. Let me know when you're ready, I'll PM you my address. Thanks, Aziz!
Finally going to bed.
Oh my gawd to uglly people
3 DAYS until the #NHSA2012 Spring Conference begins! We're getting excited! How about you?
How do you achieve your goals?
Team Gale. Team Gale all the way.
Thanks so much for the Shout Out Lori! :)
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
Thanks for the link, and for dropping by the presentation! I'm impressed by your article-finding skills...
#FOX6DaysofDining is back in studio at 8:50 - This time featuring Off the Clock Bar and Grill. Stay tuned!
Heeyyyy yes its been awhile!! What's up
and i got a new bong and i always have mad tree and u still havent came to hit it OMG KATIE YOU DEF ARE CUT
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
Just signed w/ I'm thinking my first deal will perhaps need to be a drink special...or a patio special. What do you think?
When I see comercials for the #Olympics I get excited for #London #2012 :)
Abby Johnson and Brooke Kofoid are like so awsome!!!
We don't eat at ChickfilA, though many people do without issue since they use fully refined peanut oil
somehow I feel like I got less than nuthin....empty. “: I got nuthin”
The Year of the Tight End continues.
Great seeing session by on how mapping is facilitating communiry discussion in Indonesia.
Thanks for the RT. Will you be attending this #cnndialogues?
AUDITION: A Gathering of Shifts (a video art installation by Pierre St. Jacques)
hahaha really? Why would we ever stop?!
Wine Cellar:Storage room for wine in bottles or barrels. The ‘Titanic’ holds one of the oldest wine cellars in the world.
Heading back 2 Ithaca today for first time in over 10 years to see Avett Bros. Theater. I own 6 windows in da new science building.
no insomnia, just did Club Kane now back for the morning show. music front is all good - getting some mixes back this week!
Oh, this was a movie plot once: The trademark on the masks contains a computer chip containing a fragment of Stonehenge.
4 hours to the encore presentation of the amateur millionaires club tonight 10:30 on MYATL TV. Comcast channel 13. Make sure to tune in!
Very proud of the Bulls. Tough tough season for us in the Chi.
Fallen captive with ruled by reason tonight at peabodys! Fallen Captive at 9:45 and ruled by reason ay 11:15
Thanks for sharing that photo! Great jacket.
sounds fancy pants
This bumper sticker says "Rescued is my favorite breed". Someone tried too hard to be clever...
Say it like you mean it...
Be Eco-friendly,use paper bags!!!
I miss you too! I'm good thanks. Yourself?
lol sorry xD we're back, we're on summer vacation ;) so we'll be on a lot more!
How could the Bulls lose like that? They really let us down. Unless they win, they let us down. Also, Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone!
have fun! Stay safe up there.
Inside everyone hides one desire. Outside no one would know..
I went to the show and saw how crowded it was and said smell you later golden worst.
So you had Auburn #1 last year even after losing Cam Newton? IMO the real solution is actually no preseason rankings.
I dont think ive ever laughed so hard thanks to hahaha
Last day of work... Hooray!
Please help us raise funds for the by dining tonight. Order Lucky Sampler ($2 benefits) & bring food drive items.
hope you find a place good for Spart. Will Spart have his own room?
Oh my! And he is still alive? : O
swear lol. But why what's goin down there?
God, grant me the patience and serenity to teach 200 kindergardeners how to cook. I love my job but 200 five year olds can be loud!
Yes sure it isn't that bad but I wanted a brand new car. :D
S/O Keep doing your thing!! ✌
FIND HER GIRL. FIND HER FOR THE BOTH OF US.
I guess I'm gonna take a nap. Nothing to do.
damn right!
library time with abbeyy
I've (finally) started digging into Sandman. Also liking "new" Doom Patrol; just got missing vol 4 so I can proceed. '90s? wuh?
“Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.” -MLK
This lady is too ghetto for my life. 😖
that's good! :D yesterday i returned from Miami that's all :D
Fuck this...call me a girl...I'm switching to vodka pink lemonades. This coors light is doing nothing.
It needs to get warmer!
RT if you're using an Apple device right now. Let's see how many lives he touched.
Ruckriegel: Fire department concerned ppl couldn't get out if needed to evacuate Capitol.
and NOW I'm thirsty.
#BackWhenIWasALittleKid everybody thought they we're pimps if they had icecream money. ;)
Gonna have a great show Saturday come out and join the fun!!
Will Ryan Tannehill save Miami football? Maybe. Does he have the same amount of professional championships as LeBron? Yes.
Dustin Pedroia with a web gem! That hustle & catch was a display of his dedication. Not many players would have done that in the 16th inning
cool ~ go get 'em!
Why do people put family pictures pointing away from their desks? LOOK AT MY KIDS!!!
oh i heard your radio interview online
Looking forward to teaching some improv at the tomorrow.
Darkskin bitches got it bad ......ill choose lightskin bitches all the time, in any circumstances
Being the least favorite kids in gifted <<<
I love that I started the day swapping verses to Straight Up and doing the running man in my living room with my bestie. :)
WISHING AND HOPING MY DREAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE (: <3 2
okay do teeny boppers get all their info wrong ON PURPOSE? because they literally cant go one issue without a damn mistake
Chicago Tribune #Bulls Beat Reporter joins "The Last Call" in the 6 pm hour to talk Derrick Rose and the NBA Playoffs
