I knew this type of life didn't come with instructions
#np chokehold really loud with the window open. you're welcome, neighbors.
What a great Christmas I ate lots of Tamales, Psole and lots of treats. I hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas.
Celeste from Toronto says I can afford anything I set my mind to!
hey, I like that hunny!!
just bring some clothes and stuff.
Question of the day: What is the value of being on the first page of Google for your business?
Oreo Ice Cream<3 ahh something to calm me down😄
"Yes, Hermione, I think this is gonna be exactly like real wizards chess!"-Ron Love me some Harry Potter movies!
yeahh haha but it'd be awesome to have tons of posters for them there, glad you're going!! :D
Goldberg: reading testimonial play that represents "the noise of trauma"
While you're on vacation, do you set the alarm to wake up or do you let yourself sleep late?
thanks for showing victim photos of the U of MD Riots Im sure dinner will taste just as good tomorrow when I get my appetite back
Wait, who is this guy???
I am not u. U r not me. Don't try to walk n my shoes. Don't tempt to b me. U cannot survive A lifetime of wut I've been thru. SURVIVORMAN.
Maybe I should run like every other person in college station is doing right now.
#2 fan! remember that time you were gushing over Ovechkin's ability not to get called for icing?
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 5
I don't know why I'm just seeing this now, but thx! Lol!
Really getting into the Rhapsody Music site, anyone else gravitating to these kinds of listening services?
I have sent email as per your suggestion. Thank you. The experience has been awful.
Is that the actual Memorial day?
Hi Jason! Thanks for the RT!!
Okay, seriously "Foo Fighters" sounds like a next type food dishat a restaurant. I'm mad they even thought of a name like that.
. I started #takecaretuesday as a weekly reminder to make/renew commitments to yourself. Lots of ways to put yourself first.
Just another one of those days plucking around. (I don't know what that means either)
Thanks! I will check it out.
Going to put in my two weeks notice at work...why do I always get so nervous?!?
I never said that Rand Paul had my son's blood on his hands. Paul stalled Hr 1254 in 12/11. Max died in 6/11. However
A lion wouldn't cheat, but a tiger wood
Bronson: "The best of my recollection is I put the wine glass in the kitchen...and crawled into bed at about 7 p.m."
#Ellen8Million I LOVE ELLEN! 
i bet he left w/ his bros already. .
Mother-in-law: I baked two kinds of cookies today. Would you like to takeyour pick?Son-in-law: No thanks. I'll just use the hammer.
Good morning Europe. Follow Us to get best poker freerolls bonus codes
Build just enough to test your hypothesis then let data guide your intuition
V. Curious @ this MT is talking @ citizen history + how social m helps expand edu impact of museums
MY right hand (: I miss you.
... heading out to see a performance of The Misanthrope by Moliere.
happy to you!
amazing! Can't wait to try it.
Those are the best kinds of vacations! Have fun!
Every one make sure y'all become a fan on the Facebook Faytal The Franchise
Today is a m'kay kind of day...
You fugg with me, i fugg you wayy harder
Most Christians forget to "turn the other cheek.", just because someone isn't religious, doesn't mean they don't believe in God.
Wrestling with a transition: incumbent material winds down nicely, but isn't leaving enough substance to initiate the next thing seamlessly.
YOURE A WHORE! ;) and goodnight! i love you! ♥ and figure out that chem problem :)
17 hippies-- pretty decent painting tunes this am- following a mozart opera is an abrupt change.
Line is out the door at the Man, that sushi movie is popular.
Ones who *won it 3+ times - Wilt, Russell, Moses Malone, Bird, Magic, Kareem, MJ, LBJ
For anyone who is interested we have huge discounts for anyone who wants to help spread the Moirai word. Details soon!
Follow to stay up to date on this year's Youth Day events in Baltimore. cc
Have any of you seen the movie 50/50?
This is bad and you should *feel* bad! ;-)
When People Take Things Up The Ass -.-
Right ! Notice we said, 'stop and look up in historical bldgs.' If you look up while walking, that might not go well :)
Thanks Sierra Club. Gov. still testifying
fucking awesome. used to do that ages ago.
In class writing lyrics. What's everyone up to!
Currently doing squats while tweeting this in gym class! Torture!!!
Where in ABQ is the best place to buy your green chile?
My panicked puppy woke me when the thunder started. Now I can't go back to sleep!
I'll entertain such enthusiasm tonight. I was fond of Messier.
How have you been Robbie? It looks like business is going great for you guys! -Adam
oh. Well thanks for caring about me.
My eyes are so bloodshot, but i cant go to sleep :(
Happy Friday peeps....homemade pizza and cold brew to finish off the week!
Nominations for Reaching Forward awards are due March 31. Winners receive FREE registration for ILA or Reaching Forward....
When you don't have a plan with your finances you are making mistakes which will lead you to disaster.
mane nun thuggny
been at the pub so will not do the math. Minus Huntsman, 100% of Repub candidates are foreign policy idiots!
I do enjoy cooking, especially when I have someone who enjoys eating, lol!
u look fresh to death on the voice. I love your style, and that WATCH.......
Man I wanna go to #PassionandPoetry !
Hope you like Tweet Deck!
Neighbor lady gave me tix to the Rooster Day Rodeo. Never been to a rodeo. Might have to check it out!
Still waiting....
What hurts more - physical or emotional pain?
Cook & Brown for dinner.
RT IF YOU LOVE YOUR GIBRALTARIAN FANS! l
I really, really, really hate working out!
RT : despite age difference; wondering if Hawk & Sherman White ever squared off?
WHOA! Look out! Slash, how ya doin, homegirl?
Treat it as candy instead of gum RT : Fruit Stripes gum is the best gum in the world....for 2.3 seconds.
oh hold up, there is a hot track that has emerged.
It has been said that they hold the event and can either make or break the event.
You know what I miss about winter? It's always the greatest excuse to cuddle
Oh! Ack! Then it's time for . . . chocolate! xx
poor , not included lol
Wherein I pretend to be Rachel Maddow: #bestnewthing in the world today isn't new, & it's often the best thing, & no surprise, it's coffee.
best part about this episode is your headline.
Ludacris is a weirdo
what you doing!
What a great day in Kansas City
haha that'll be the reason later!
#ireallywant to get my hands around the neck of those who take advantage of trust and bully their way to profit from it all.
Good morning #lajolla #sandiego! A run this morning proves this is the city for #animal lovers. Happy doggies everywhere :)
WINS against 30-5 to make the USA D1 National Final Four! CONGRATS Metro Men!!
Discussing possible rule changes to help curb the NFL concussion problem. 248-848-1130.
:-) thats gud to hear you just made my day I've missed you too
My decisions around what to have for dinner revolve around whether to put on pants to answer the door for delivery.
Ryan Clowe with the empty netter seals the deal! Only the 2nd 5-goal game since Feb 16th for the
I invite my fellow citizens .. to set apart and observe the last Thursday of November . as a day of thanksgiving and praise to .. our Father
“: u performing somewhere tonight?” no just practicing. I will be performing the 25th at Vintage with
applying for a pre-development grant
right there! *points hoof*
I just got a new staple gun and have been using it all over my room
sounds cool
At the prom....wonder if all the adults should show these kids how it's really done.....
Lol cuz I wanted to be on bus 3 and I don't know anybody that's on bus 4 besides you
to do what in downtown? lol
Food is the mission.
haha hell yes!
Teaching about environmental problems leading to climate change, starting a section on pollution, any resources out there?
wasn't convinced that community management doesn't work -- sorry
[ ] Single [ ] Taken [X] Secretly dating Christian Beadles but he doesn't know about it! Muaahah!
Today on the bus: a sleeping clown in full outfit.
Even though you've been following me on twitter I wanted to thank you again for doing it!
Gotta start lab report no more distractions
Man Im here in LA, & I saw alot of people sporting UT Austin wear. Theres something about a girl in burnt orange :)
don't be mean danielle... some people can't help it
First call to purchase a $5000 table for The Salvation Army luncheon gets an autographed Cavs Jersey Call Kristi at (216)623-7449
also I'm moving to Sonjas place next month. She has an extra room and said if i ever visit you she's coming with
#Imagine u just met yet he tells you to stay backstage and after asks you out on a date because he believes your his dream. <3
Chargers Win!!! Sweet.
THANK YOU EMANUEL TORTORICI FOR JOINING THE SKULK!!! <3
are you hanging out with wedding planner extraordinaire David Caruso?
WOW. Glad for your input but DO NOT AGREE
re: "Companies that are financially successful tend to be those that make the biggest impact." What type of impact?
Sounds cute! I'd love to see a pic!
good to hear you're getting back on the wagon. We'll always be here, even when you fall off!
thats the day I'm waiting for haha
Merry Christmas everyone!?
Fashion Trends, Ethernet Storage and Network Convergence in the ...
Angels of Transparency message: It is important for you to know the 5th Dimension is there, ready to welcome you all
My little girl who's 6yrs is telling me about her trip to Whitewater last night. The Greek yard-show daddy was great.
100 crunches will make you lose .4 lbs
Present for intern's first use of a microspatula. Yesterday was a sweet day indeed.
Best TV show? Brad Meltzer's Decoded of course!
Good luck! I am curious in whose lobby you are waiting.
love how my 1st period teacher is still going strong with teaching and all my other classes are like whatevs. ha
Me and the boys been snuggled in the house all-day today omg we need snow so I don't have to work Monday
Where are your favorite DC drinking spots? Let us know
5200 with only 11k back I rip 28k they both fold.
Thanks for being so awesome to appreciate Burn Notice. You are just a super swell dude. :D
Once you have feelings for someone, it will always be there. You may not like them anymore, but you still care....
is the perfect way to get this foggy Friday started. Thanks, !
:D Let us know what you think!
There are some anniversaries you just don't want to celebrate. :(
i just wanna say- i love you- and i like your awkwardness (even though you really arnt awkward.. ^^')
trying to find a couple other excuses to get out there, trust me if I was close enough I wouldn't have missed
Read 'Rumsfeld torture suit a go' and thought 'Donald Rumsfeld designed a suit that tortures people?'
Good morning to #vegmoms !
Hey, hey, good lookin', whatcha got cookin'? How's about cookin' somethin' up with me?
Right now (East Coast) is on
what about elyasova?
Just hit 110,030 votes for Favorite New Country Band November 2010!
Happy Birthday Kyu! :)
And flip-flops! RT : It's going to be 50 out today! Does that mean it's okay to wear shorts?
I think there's this sort of *shame* culture surrounding admitting that...(1 of 2)
Take it from me adam richman is a better pick me up than dark chocolate I love his messages
Some people are just so rude! Shut up? Who are you to talk to someone like that? #growup!
If you are at Consol we commend you...so proud to be in this city right now
Next week :D
Filming. Filming. Filming. Done by tonight and uploaded.
If Zoe attracts 1/5 of your family's musical genius, it'll be worth it. ;)
Thank you for the RTs & mentions! Have a wonderful weekend!!! =)
No apologies! RT : I want to thank everyone for making those past 4 years unbelievable. Sry we didn't win the big one.
They need someone to light a fire in them. Some of them just look like they're just going thru the motions.
complete! Party time
These college commercials are cheesier than Doritos
Thanks. Same here. But I'm struggling gettn up at 4:30am. Can't wait for him to get his license. The Boys played very well.
IN 24 HOURS AND AND I WILL BE WAITING OUTSIDE OF THE FOX THEATER FOR !!!!! <3
#fostermoms have a wonderful day and thank you
Goals for the new year meet and and get them to be my new best friends i doubt it will happen but a girl can dream
Plus, very exciting to me that students and professors are discussing ways to be more transparent in archival practices. More studies!
Honestly folks, you don't have 2 tweet every damn-fool thing that comes into your head - especially B4 the body's cold.
Ah needs an "graphic depiction of suicide" warning label for things like Rules of Attraction.
If you stop by Fenway ask some one who works in the player parking garage, they'll be sure to know!
radio edit/street version/instrumental/ acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.check your gmail inbox
hahaha! It is the world's best kept secret! The icecream there...also incredible!!!
that may because at one point you didn't have an option "is" was automatically added
threads thursday: wearing
TONIGHT - TECHNO-LOGY with guest DJ's Justin George, Lou Jon-Son, Matthew Filth & Zim along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!
You deserve your own hashtag
quick resolve, much appreciated. thanks for the awesome support.
why arent you allowed to shop there?
Andre Grace #ideaseconomy : building a tear-down city in the desert every year. Failure critical component of innovation...
"If I knew it I would : Lol ... Call that marco polo brah"
Favorite part of the avengers... When the Hulk did T Hawk ultra 2 on Loki
dont listen to them. You are NOT ugly!
@ I'm watchin' y'all!
I don't back down from challenges!!!
♥♥♥ THANKS!! We need to talk again ♥♥♥
About to be inducted into the Honor Society :)
The promotion site on my profile can help your promote yourself 4 free. :) Please follow i will follow back!
hey Lucas, that really u?
Please! follow my best friend I followed you back! please follow(:
I didn't think that game would ever end lol. That was grueling.
it's ight bro and thanks !
I know, all that work. Gone. I'm going to have to copy my posts before I hit any buttons from now on...
are we still on for day 3 dinner? what are we making?
Following - crazy social experiement = free coffee!? yes, please!
pumpkin, ghost creek
1 shift to go then it's birthday celebration time!! Can't believe I'm turning the big 24 tomorrow.
30+ images from the Dave Niehaus Memorial at Safeco Field last year on the way throughout the day!
;) ima hit u up weneva i get home today
First day of Literacy Tutor Training for June went great and we are excited to have new volunteers come through orientation today!
I cannot wait to see the new Marist renovations materialize.
because i have the ugliest smile ever no no no
lol right!? Ughh...I want a sexy boss...one who isn't married or attached lol...sent the story...can't nap, must go to class 0_o
it will be 'vintage' by opening day next year.
Had a blast at Linda Perry's recording studio last night for the An Evening With Women Kickoff! United with powerful men and women and look…
Good morning! “You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be.” - Robert Collier
Used your #TaxiMagic app yet? Set it up and you can book your cab, follow its progress and pay all in one! Get it today! www.broadwaycab.com
same here. Always good seeing you.
lets follow for follow.
Life's most persistent & urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King, Jr.
trying so hard When no one cares the trouble you went through to fit in
#IWD Kick-butt women , artistic director, and , financial director, founded Glade and run the collective every day!
you know,about the wrist and yeah...
Nice to know you are an asshole...welcome to my blocked list douchebag.
dm me your number!
A beautiful day in Chicago the beaches are packed, my laundry is in, Im debating between checked and carry on, headed to Philly in a bit YAY
no. i'll go see you though!
RT : All five of Anthony Collins' assists Friday came in 5-min span of second half as USF extended lead on Temple from 3 to 14 pts
what color?
welcome to twitter!
Writing new material for my Praise and Worship CD.
Jus wanna go home
Press on! A better fate awaits thee. Victor Hugo
so than it makes perfect sense I am at the soundboard
Aw thanks so much! :)
I better be invited! lol
thanks so much dude... Hell yeah Mexico City!
i love that your blog has a permanent page with a picture of julie andrews on it. this is probably why we're friends.
RT im about to contact fox 2 i have story I want you to do the report
"There are more things in heaven and earth... than are dreamt of in your philosophy." -- 'Hamlet', William Shakespeare --
I want coffee scented perfume.
#thewalkingdead Filming for Season 3 starts in May. And there will be a mid-season break in winter. Thanks
Tomorrow, Masterclass at La Roche College in Pittsburgh!
I got to watch Ryan Gosling, got to watch a 73' Malibu. Good movie.
It was great! We were glad to participate.
Peter DeFazio on the committee, as well. Should make for some interesting fireworks with Beutler.
Okay but forreal, goodnight.
Its not like a cold or something... I might have bulimia. D:
NO I'll give u something better.
Big thanks to the lads & cat of pipeworks. Videogames, beer, 2-way mirrors, a stair master and an inspiring story.
When you ride the #Alaska Railroad, make sure you _____________. (Fill in the blank)
Do any white people actually go to CSU?
"I've left something in every town I've stayed; but as the fog begins to recede; I realized it's nothing that I need" (rock out the head)
A lil birdie told me I may see you on the 24th? Please tell me this is true :)
Sounds fine to me.
Get ready! Our "Summer S.T.U.F.F." contest is coming up and there will be many chances to win lots of great prizes. Details coming soon!
Starting off the week in PT is about as enjoyable as starting off the week at the dentist.
Guy who just walked into Starbucks with boxed wine, you are a douche bag.
Who gotta phone they dont want
I already can't wait for next year's basketball season
If I Follow You Follow Me Back That Simple - BAM!!!!
Exactly! And -- cheers!!
so true I always think that but than I'm like nah that's a one in a million chance
#FF the wise seem absurd these days.
agree with both of you. Like Brockers. Tremendous 2 down player. Limited pass rushing skills.
lol RT : Is Rihanna giving herself a pap smear right now?
I'll be at the Martini, holla. “: ha ha ha ha ha #bang #oooppppp”
Gosh I'd love to watch the on TNT. Come on no one wants to watch this game... No LBJ, Wade. C'mon man.
Congratulations to all #ASTD2012 Awards winners and especially to the wonderful !
": I smoked a box of blunts for breakfast!"<<< not the thing I want see from any young person. A BOX!!! Not Good.
2nd Call Me, Maybe.
People who moved to Oregon in 1860 were pioneers even though Lewis and Clark got there a half-century earlier.
Reason 68588 - you have a hole in your face now. LOL
#FollowBack Photographer | Graphic Designer | Video Director
I'm in a #StoneTemplePilots kind of mine!!! Yeaahhhhh, let's rooocccckkkk it out!!
Contracts Admin. Ft. Laud. Strong understanding of lease documentation, interim funding, and perm. syndication. Exp. drafting lease docs. h
- Ha, thanks! I wouldn't order from the same co. Ink is coming off. Thinking etched next time (but costs $$)...
a new adventure everyday!
#aatc keynote with Stephen Gold talking about Next generation of computing.
there the sweets guys ever. There hugs are the best. Idk how many I got.
Hard for me to say, but I think not. When I took a web job in '96, I had same issue as bloggers have now. It's not "real" media
You're welcome Cara -- have a great weekend!
<3! I'm wearing 80 tomorrow! RT : Looking forward 2 Driver holding up that trophy to the fans just like Reggie White did in '97
Your Spirit Is Too Busy On Everyday Tasks While Your Awake, But When You Sleep You Dream Of All You Wish To Accomplish While You're Awake
Conservatives resort to lame arguments about gay marriage on religious grounds b/c there is no constitutional one to ban gay marriage.
i just sent you the e-mail(:
Listening to "step" by KARA
Busy weekend!!! game tonight, tomorrow, game again Sunday! Hope to see slide down a few times!
RT : Man it's epic outside y'all .. How you use "epic" out of all words? Lol ni**** just like using the word "epic" lol
"how you like your eggs fried or fertilized"
That's good!! Have a blessed and enjoyable weekend!!!
My girls just wrapped a cinnamon donut hole in a piece of ham. So proud.
Only self-confident people can be simple. If you can't be simple, you can't be fast. If you can't be fast, you're dead in a global world.
As a hockey fan, I am proud of what Portland accomplished dont hang your head. You are loved
Oh people, don't miss the Field Museum exhibit "Whales: Giants Of The Deep"! January 16 is the LAST day.
cnt wait for this tour whoop whoop Love ya!! <3
Deleting twitter since I don't tweet much. But go friend me on Facebook Ashley renee martin.
But go figure, she competed in a swim suit competition and she is absolutely fit and gorgeous!
#BillBrady is crazier than a badger with bedbugs in its beard! Concede! So we can get greased up for the mayoral election! Ol' Floppy 2011!
True. My rooting is way off. At least I limit it to one tweet here and there...NOT 1,432 A NIGHT ABOUT MY LOVE FOR LEBRON!
Never count on making a good sale. Have the purchase price be so attractive that even a mediocre sale gives good results-Warren Buffett
Thank you to the Sacramento Natural Food Co-op for an amazing Staff Party yesterday at the Blue Cue! We hope that you all had a great time.
Welcome new members
Yes, I can understand that for sure! ;-) I'm sending a DM in a min!
5 more mins till I can drink the weekend away
thanks never going to look at pandas the same way again
Nice to be back in touch with my
I need a really tall man in my life
omg runners!! Whenever you want, maybe some challah bread from market?
We need volunteers/mentors for our programs, espec. for Newark BRIDGES. If you'd like to volunteer, call 973-624-9535x124. Spread the word!
Seems like it.
Happy International Women's Day to all women!!
And what you need ironically will turn out what you want to be, if you just let it…” — Lauryn Hill
Loving this episode already!
When is the wedding? <<still activating dignity>>
ok then ;P
Hahaa #whiplash RT ": Wolverine ": This is disgusting .. Niggas was holding his neck, screaming in pain 2 mins ago.""
don't forget to visit www.threeapparel.com today!
Who knows now days?! The term needs to get lost, the days of 9-to-5 are over.
Totally agree!
No problem. Shout out to my man Andrew Kryzak.
Follow our 5/16 Social Media Breakfast Sponsors
I got an A on my test!!! Anybody happy for me???
Thanks Geoff. I expect disagreement. That's ok. it's people who completely close their minds which cause the most concern. thx
RT : Check out this great article about in the premiere issue of !
Gee, I'm the only one tweeting from the Digital Middle Ages conference. Imagine that!
You only fall in love once, the rest is merely practice to make sure your heart can take it.
their spring seasonal sample. It's pretty awesome
put a picture of meir your phone!
Real friends don't talk bad about you behind your back.
official Project after party Tues Feb 14th you better bring the whole crew its going to be AMAZING
Packers schedule has 12 wins screaming all over it..
I've not listened to her before, I will definitely check her out. I fawn over a fantastic narrator, that's for sure.
My crack-up at this typo freaked out my subway car. "Sorry." RT Former NC Sen. John Edwards has life-threatening hard condition.
Yay for straight As in grad school!
walking tacos are great! Prob shouldn't eat them on the reg, but worth a try at least once if you've never had one!
Phone with while he cusses at his xbox.. <3
I want to go to the beach>.<
today. Chicago entrepreneurial scene coming on strong! with a nice mention.
Thanks for the mention!
me and #TheKids are about to get it in
RT I#amazing #tellingproject #Baltimore. My friends' stories never fail to move me.
I love you motr
hahaha... Are you kidding? I hear they're serving spaetzl in heaven. Awesome...
He just tried to jump back up. Epic fail. Probably would've made it if he had all four legs.
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)2
here I go sidebusting from left field. those writers, its their opinion. stats don't lie. check it
Happy Birthday Erica. Hope you have a great day and feel better. I love the fire you bring with your tweets. Good night.
that sounds exciting!!
Thinking he needs a bathroom book of quotes RT : "if u are part of my family, I will love u violently" - Charlie sheen Lmao
Roaring fire in the fire place (as opposed to throughout the house, which would be bad.)
31k after many ups and downs, I am running like complete crap
now following back
We knew you'd do it! RT : 51237, validated & official! I AM A WINNER. HOLY COW, I CAN'T BELIEVE I ACTUALLY PULLED THIS OFF.
I LOVE dancing w the stars!
Thank YOU! It is always my pleasure. Stop back and see me soon. www.FlapperGirlSings.com (needs to be updated... ugh)
Society has cats way too afraid to be themselves. It's an external stimulant causing internal change, and most ppl don't recognize it.
when iam i going to stop doing this to myself
Forget u seens kind hard to do it BUT stop having feelings for u...it's possible and i know that cuz i already did it...;)
Times going by so slow! Wth school needs to end !
“Clap your hands, all peoples! Shout to God with loud songs of joy!” - Psalms 47:1
Congrats to Buck Showalter on 1000. That's pretty incredible!
You probably don't get what I'm meaning do you?
Hi there, I'm new to running and I could use some tips can you help me out? Please and thank you! P.S. any good running songs?
No matter what time of day I pass them #mightyTaco in Henrietta has a line out the door.
Werk!! sitting with a babypink wig at easter dinner
Hi Anna! That's very funny! Nice of you to say Hi!
When temps go way up,nerves get frayed,arguements escalate--bad things happen.Alot of times its innocent bystander tht pays price.smh
Watching Duck Dynasty, new show on A&E. If you're a crazy duck hunter, like me, try it.
ISA event website updated wrapoff2009.com
That day you decide to get up early, but stay up half the night texting. You go to bed, then your alarm clock yells at you a minute later :(
Happy Birthday To Me
Dani Lowe is an indie actress starring in the film, PSYCHO KILLER BLOODBATH , which won Best Horror Film Feature at AOF International Fest.
..HARDWORK BEATS TALENT WHEN TALENT DOESN'T WORK HARD #REALSHIT"
About to kick butt
#iThinkofyou when other people tell me that they are in love
How you give up back to back hits to Ryan Roberts (.198) and Miley Cyrus (pitcher)?
I'm horrible about regularly checking blogs, but always try to if I catch a link in a tweet. I need good RSS feed I guess. :)
“: My tutor gt into a car accident. Say bye bye to A1. :-(”
"Though research shows consumers that are FB likes are much more likely to buy a product, make recommendations to friends."
Only a few hours left! E-mail us to win a copy of The Freshman Survival Guide!
The woman outside , pretending the little boy who spilled coffee all over her wasn't her kid? Yeah, that was me.
Drink Water To Lose Weight - H - zaxxaa 的部落格 - udn部落格
It's ok, I don't really expect a mildcat to understand how to use a computer/ smart phone
Spice girls & woodchucks. Hello.
There Goes My Hero.
Off to Orlando tomorrow, for some fire!
That looks great! I'm still new to Seattle, where is that?
Come on girl, you've got one shot to be with me You know you drive me crazy, But I know how to take your breath away so lets go
Do you want to be TWITTER OF THE DAY?
I'd hate to have to replace all my wonderful Nikon lenses. :-/ RT“: Just wait for the 7D Mkii for a camera to beat out the 7D ;)”
Nope. Also, no nudity in this one.
Jamba for breakfast lunch and dinner. Literally.
Diet is very important for a sharp mind, staying focused, and prolonging life to enjoy success
I love Reggie's medallion! Haha!
@ the doctor and the restroom requires you to enter a code to get in...really? You need that kind of security for a bathroom??
nothin' like a texas girl.
lol, can't do much verbal chitchat so Twitter is my outlet :) they gave me some scripts but I'm sticking w ibuprofen 4 now
Free for All Friday at 3:00 ET with Scott & Cheryl and Dr. Jeff! What are they up to this time???
Can't believe it's summertime!!!
Solid picks for the Colts tonight!
this is awesome. let us know how we can help!
I'm going to the 7 show in Peoria and will be sitting up front. Wondering if should wear sunglasses to protect from the pale?
How Come My Room Is The Only Cold Room In The Whole Damn House?.
If you lack temperance you shall be a slave to your desires
Midnight in Paris by Woody Allen is ENCHANTING, see it with a loved one tonight, & I LOVED it! Opening TODAY
It's because I know the person involved, not because mom doesn't want me to miss out on breaking church news. I'll fwd the email!
I LOST ALL MY MAJOR ARTIST'S NUMBERS PLEASE RESEND TO ME 2106779291...I APOLOGIZE FOR EVERYTHING...MY CELL CRASHED ON ME. JUST TEXT TO ME
Team Heat!!!!
We know a great tattoo shop in Nashville you should check out... :)
If you read anything out of character on here, just remember it might be a hologram
So do you like Byrzaster?
this was the worst season of biggest loser i've seen. i started watching at season 8. bitchy people, awkward rules, breaks from traditions
My Freaky Side Come out Around This Time LoL...
z-index + IE7 CSS-randomness = gray hair
We are excited to be a part of it again this year! It is always a great event.
listening to tesser sound effects...can't wait for the first day of tech!
Come see all the trucks. no rain after 12 pm. Save yourself
Sounds like a good plan! :D
"Write down a skill or subject you know well enough to teach." Yoga? Powerpoint?
End of school, start to a long & busy weekend! =) Homework, tech, 4H, training... Wouldn't trade my life for anything <3
Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong... Calvin Coolidge
Lots of big names in Ohio sports in the room today
Join us this Saturday, Sept. 25, at 10:00am for a block walk with Dr. Elba Garcia and Clay Jenkins! 2912 N. MacArthur in Irving.
is justin bieber online??? plzzzz tell me !!!!!!!!:) thanks
IF MOS WANTED CREW DOESN'T WIN ABDC, I WILL COMMIT.
:D Thanks!
Tripping out on a vid explaining the new video/movie editing interface called Tamper. Woweekazowee, it's so... sci-fi-ish...
Santorum pulls out.
So I made it out of #Ikea alive! It was crazy! Now time to have some furniture. :)
You want to fuck so badly? Then go fuck yourself.
We're shooting a commercial for Rio Grande Credit Union on Thursday. Think globally. Bank locally.
We are the light of the world:)
Drinking wine and it is so fine. Really it is.
Garbage time
Franklin with the put back dunk to give the #Aztecs the lead again 43-42!
didn't think of that! will have to look into that. still $135/person just to ride the ferry...
when that one person you really want to talk to sleeps in all day <<<<<<<<
My mind has just been consumed by invisible monsters.
Booking shows for 2011
"Accessibility is Not a Feature: Integrating Accessibility Into Your Projects" is May 18 at MLK library bit.ly/9KMQE9
Thanks! Hope you enjoyed your first official weekend of freedom! Haha :-)
If you follow us and we do not follow you back, LET US KNOW before you unfollow us. We enjoy the tweets from all of you! UR Hollywood!!!
I am a Murray State U. alumni. I write contermporary and historical fiction, short stories, and poetry, ebooks and print. www.lindaswift.net
I'll be as patient a boy in love could be
that's crazy! why, I grew up with air conditioning in Texas, and Texans are perfectly, uh, ur, and well, uh ...
CHECK OUT THE VIDEOS ON OUR PAGE :] HAPPY SATURDAY
people are so un appreciative
it is a little ridiculous.
Went downtown and found 2 new off the wall ideas for head-shots & engagement photos. Hello! We are ready. Special spring pricing.
UPS dropped off my packages to my neighbor. Thankfully, I have honest neighbors.
The has taken the #blame for the #Massacre of #49 #bodies being found on a
I just saw you in it :)
How far along are you with your holiday gift shopping?
Big difference. Kobe has rings. Kobe WANTS to take the last shot. LBJ = no rings. LBJ defers last shot. Hope you are well.
The internet is a strange and amazing place. is live tweeting
Really excited about being on my television tomorrow.
Thanks for the RT of the LinkedIn article
Can you share with those of us who unfortunately couldn't attend?
MUST follow today: - Live tweeting from the Clemens trial where Andy Pettitte is currently testifying.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou - no one likes you ;)
WE appreciate the follow.
Can't wait! I'm sure it'll be short though. :) RT : YOU will get a special, glowing chapter in my memoirs.
I could use an iced coffee right now ._. - JET
Thank you, Maria. I'm proud of YOU! :)
Atlanta Stamped Concrete Contractor www.ConcreteGeorgia.com 770-380-5277 Driveways Patios - Stamped Concrete Looks So Real Very Affordable
lol i went without appointment doe
Overheard at the peace pole dedication at Findlay Market.
Sorry about that. I did an email search and saw that I registered under a username that I rarely use. Thanks for your help.
Why thank you, I thought they looked great tonight as well ;)
#1dfact niall peed in the last hour
How lucky are we to know Mary! Thank you for tweeting! Lori
new video last man standing is mad crazy. Good shit homie cant wait for the album
": #favmoviequote I'll going to run my nut sack on ur drum set!!!"lmao. I love that movie
Shopping works out one's want muscles.
Thanks for the follow :)
was this a typo?
Lazy day✌ waiting for #oomf to get off work so we can Skype. ;))
Come join us this Saturday for Mini Marathon!! It's cinco de mayo so Perfect Patron Margaritas are a must have! We're open at 7AM!
Asians are stronger proponents of diversity. Have greater range of friends of other ethnicities
Regional championship tomorrow. Holla.
I know it sux :'( why cant they put it back up??? Im getting tired of pandora :/ :P
Nice Ana!!! Look forward to having a few cold ones with you guys during the #FedHill Spring Fest Tomorrow
I can't I'm going out:( monday
CORRECTION! the new writer workshop is CANCELLED due to an editorial conflict. the new date TBA!
thanks for commenting, Byron!! Glad you were able to make it.
Thank you very much for the kind RT!!! Hope to see you there.
It doesn't matter who you know if you can't execute good storytelling.
Cool stat. How goes it, Eddie?
Students faculty and staff you can now get pints of ice cream Spread the word. Pls RT.
Why isn't the right screaming religious persecution over these cases?
We're loving your pics! Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for the great presentation, Loving
People are going to jail for weed here in ohio, See how nuts that sounds?
We've launched our Google Adwords ad campaign. Inbound calls for teeth whitening with some website updates are in our future we predict.
Anxious about an event? Rehearse it in your mind. Go to the smallest detail. It'll help!
If this wasn't a power play, that's a goal. It's just how things work for this team on PP's.
It really sux not having a phone again:/ oh well. Going to a concert tomorrow :)
I think the officiating for this #Thunder game is terrible. Dirk is being overly protected and the Mavs are getting away with everything.
citizens against brown people and Muslims worldwide, and entered us into the longest period of armed conflict in our country's history, and+
(Niccolo Machiavelli) Ambition is so powerful a passion in the human breast that however high we reach, we are never satisfied.
Premiere for something I wrote October 1st, and I didn’t see it yet. Nervous and anxious at the same time.
Gallery gambit
Now I'm afraid to check my email in case I get another nasty-gram from the panel organizer...
If you want to tweet about the Ethnohistory meeting, I created a hashtag,
Making Spanish food with twitterless Sara and (:
Good morning world!! Thank God for another day🙏! Couldn't do it without him!!
Have you tried #instagram on your #Artwork? Creates a cool effect, although nothing like original!
Why is my teacher a dick? Like hea just an asshole in general.
this is my last one to beat and it's so hard
don't be sad /:
UNCLE SIMON
Absolutely shocked at how hard the #NFL came down on coach peyton and the #saints. #harsh #excessive and
Intermission at loving the show so far!
A Japanese study concluded that listening to your favorite workout music can eliminate symptoms of fatigue during your exercise routine.
AND singer friends, if you haven't heard, Fischer-Diskau died today.
#IfTheseBlocksCouldTalk #UrbanLegends staged reading coming up at 2 pm. See you then!
yea im not gonna hold it against them...it just was a major bummer
Thanks for following my twitter account Rick.
People that anger you, control you. I don't give that power to nobody!!! Pshhh 🙅💁
Hello Friday! Wishing everyone a #goodhairweekend!
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. Anton Chekhov
I'm on a boat. Fo realz.
We're in the 1st floor lobby.
:O!! #pinoypride :D
Brah, they cuffed you for that bullshit?! Trespassing?! Cmon, man!
At work hurtin... Lbs
Just applied for job #617023. Thank you for the notification!
Thought of the Day: “Don’t bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals.” - David Ogilvy
Still can't believe it, my mom caught my sister's hair on fire at Easter Vigil mass. I feel like my family lives in a sitcom.
RT : AMAZING performance last night! MUST SEE #ALICE (in wonderland) blew us away,COSTUMES were out of this world too!
I am waiting on the dam mail but i wont get what i am waiting for untill torrow dam it..it feels forever..
But will you enjoy the return trip? ;-)
Doing a twitter test for work :)
yep, the wife and I are moving to DC.
To delete my social profiles or not to delete my social profiles...that is a tough question...
South St. Paul runs away with a 12-1 victory over New Ulm in the Class 1A quarterfinals.
More like 10 12-team conferences perfectly aligned. Then just have the best teams play in bowls, then vote on the best.
Walked out to my car as someone was trying get in it!
no classes together this year
ive been in this horrible habit of only eating two meals a day, and eating one of em not long before i go to bed. gotta take the time to eat
Lol I know its just funny RT : :) shidd its true.!
because we went through all 30 days in April? RT : How is it May already?!
If you guys haven't listened to yet, do so. Their music will melt your face off... in a good way. -zach.
Haha. You shouldn't, I'm HORRIBLE!
Reminder that we have a show coming up at the Rogue Bar next Monday, lots of great music and we have lots of Light Rail merch. to give away.
Shuffling that happens in the WP_Embed class to get it running before wpautop().
other than complaining a/ foam, I am doing good, though I am working today.If you are #wsj soon, let's grab a coffee! How r you?
What chemistry?
#TimTebow got lucky today. he's not good. why do people think he is? #AaronRodgers back in action next week. thats what matters
Thinking the same... RT The Future of Media is delayed by technical difficulties. Ironic.
Shall I wear some more sweats to school ??
Listening to - Edgar Meyer : Bach unaccompanied cello suites performed on on double bass............zen
I wish I could go tonight! I will still be tweeting though, so I'll be there in tweets! What's the hash tag for tonight?
Milwaukee's Best. On stage with drinks with fruit
no prop thank you :) cuzzo
and I love all the Josh time! Thanks so much for your support!
NUGGETS!!!! Hold on guys!
A quick snack before my next training session. Lean hamburger, brown rice, beans, low fat cheese, salsa, and my weakness...tortilla chips.
#Cereal is better as a late night snack than it is for breakfast!!!
Shoutout to kawhi leonard for still rocking cornrows
tweetin from my tv !!!
its outta control, 2 folks already fainted.
Time to work out!! What parts u guys think I have to work out more??? Comments so I can work out more on that...
Packers #1 seed in the nfc... Go Pack!!!
He needs to get his stock up … RT : The Chief Financial Officer for Pandora is named, Steven Cakebread
I know! :o
: re: The Hunger Games,My potential g/f said to me during The movie, ”only Lenny can rock the gold eyeliner & still look manly”
yes megan
Saving the planet! One community at a time!
nipples? Then nobody will notice your socks!
Or the secondary is just hat bad.
dm your address :)
Ah ready for sleep. 💤 We see our pool/backyard design at 9 am!!
Someone may have said this already, but I saw in Ballet Hawaii Nutcracker program that Wicked is coming to Hawaii in Nov 2012
Lazy rule # 18460826292036391273639018263920273820183737473920383930; You were too lazy to read the whole number .(:
Newman is driving me tn! #huge happy birthday on the way
No e-mail. Would love to go, but will be in Iowa City. Let's figure something out soon!
Uverse vs. Brighthouse vs. Comcast. #Michigan / #Detroit people, which do you use, and how is the quality and customer service?
ill be waiting :p
In honor of we’re drinking the John Daly: Tea, Lemonade and Vodka. You?
It will be early afternoon. 1:30ish I'm thinking.
and you didnt tell us you would be there!?!?! why???
totally. They won't kidnap you. No.
OK HE SHAVES ME BETTER THO.
Dunno how you miss that kick. But what a game...
Billy Boyle, World War II Mystery by James R. Benn, narrated by Marc Vietor is my #fridaylistens. Boston cop turned US army PI. Newish plot.
“: Thanks for following djPilot.com and itzT-shirtTime.com
Kanyes mad ignorant but hes a nasty rapper
It's already 57 degrees! #KSTP Traffic is also flowing in the Twin Cities. Enjoy!
Go Angels! They aren't out of the game yet.
The Paris Wife is depressing, but good. Makes me want to go on a Hemingway spree. Maybe some F. Scott too.
Here's something new and diverse for me; shooting an MMA fight on April 27. My kind of job.
That shit wasn't even real.
nah ;D i only like it when you stalk me nathan ;) hahaha
Thanks guys. Glad you're enjoying it.
Sounds like fun! RT : We have our open #CSGpainting class at 6:00 pm - 8:30 pm Thursdays. All skill levels welcomed!
Paul I luvved that Tyson took that pic of the crowd "surfing" that birthday cake up to you! :-)
Much love to my followers
#ConfessionTime I don't listen to "hardcore" anymore.
Sweet jesus Miranda Kerr.
The rest of my sessions are on the Genealogical Speakers Guild track. No tweeting allowed.
what do u mean? Why
Just caught up on Project Runway Allstars.The Judges were wrong. You Deserved To Stay.I Don't Want To Watch Anymore...
Faith and doubt both are needed - not as antagonists, but working side by side to take us around the unknown curve. Lillian Smith
and a prosperous and Happy New Year too you !!
Hit a fitness plateau? Shock ur body & get results. Cross training is key!
I submit that Tom Waits's character in Mystery Men was basically the same situation... - DvL
Caleb King jailed for alleged assault that left man with broken skull ...
Just so ppl knw, I AM DEAD HONEST about what I say on here. If U Don't like it, then don't follow, simple as that.
Thanks for RT's and MT's , & #VAlueYourPower!
Hot damn !!! boosie done pulled an Orenthal !!
the long walk... and not the stephen king novel.
tried to say goodnight an hour ago.... #noseriously #GOODNIGHT #maybewheni'madjustedtoutahtimecanichatlatelikethis
Guess I qotta reschedule my day nah...
": Taking naps during school like I'm a preschooler>" wake up nizow!
Today is a b-e-a-utiful day :)
I KNOW.... But we'll bounce back
Underrated Michael Douglas movie.
TX Wesleyan completes sweep of Big Easy Challenge in New Orleans with win over Dillard Univ who is coached by famous Bernard Griffin.
Pre oredered Up All Night Live Tour payed it with my own money yay! So happy :)
and just remember the choice you made is with you through everything and you wouldn't give that up for anything.
yea and that money be out the window before you know it Smh
I have not gone yet...which one...Do you mean rubios I love that one
Break a leg! Chocolate your chocolate!
While we're on the subject (because who knows when we will be again), DO castrated moose grow antlers!?
ready to carry on like a fool
Fuckin Your Ex Is Cool...Sometimes
I'm often jealous that science journalists have better access to scientists when long-term ethnographers and social scientists do not.
Lol so no sitting still gotta get it
I'm so jealous
Nominate your favorite startup to present at the Seattle Angel Conference
Tony Bobo and Cowgirls lose after coach Garrett ices their own kicker. Ha!
Family, religion, friends.. these are the three demons you must slay in case you want to do well in business.
Im a keep doing my thing and fuck a hater kuz all da do is no how 2 hate
Time to get right. Cups up
Why no DC 10 over the GREAT fire? $56,968 a day to rent. five day minimum -- the crew was in Texas anyway--plus they got it covered
Feminists are OK, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one
Memphis was awesome. :D
Nothing to do. eating Chinese food yum it's so good!!:))))
ahh nice! thnx for the tips!
huge fan Rob, could I get a RT while I patiently await the new single/album
We have great limo rates
wouldn't the Third Ward just FEEL better? I think everyone in the ward is just jonesin' for some pita-love!
I love school so much.
You let me down , no where open before 5 w/food on Sun? saved it.
“ The allstate commercials when the man always get hurt >>>> 😂😂😭”
Wow!! Thank you Paige!!! Have a great day today!
“: Headed ur way”who's way, my way. Great lets head back to Roscos. My treat.
Great find...I've already contacted them about attending the school here in Madison in April.
today: bike. tomorrow: photos. sunday: beads. monday: adventure.
have fun in new zealand.. miss you here in new york xx
How can you help? By sharing our posts with a music lover or inviting a friend. You will be part of the plan and help generate the...
That awkward moment when you accidentally leave your dad a voicemail at 2:40 am about spilling bong water on your jacket. Oh yeah,
holla at me wit hood shit....
Got shredded by the Astros last nite 😞
what's the configuration that enables me to call down a swarm of ribots? and is that called a ribotdos or a ribotdotting?
RJD2 tonight at webster hall. Stoked as all hell. play making days longer and you'll MAKE my week
My Name is Franklyn Omar Duarte Galarza and you name
Gone with the Windfall
Friday massages at work = win
Your choice, not mine~~
damn who's that?!
YOU'RE FOLLOWING AUSTIN MAHONE?! I've met him you know
just followed them
I understand!I lost motivation for a month.Now, completely motivated...but don't have the time to write!
Loving the fact that I can just lay around tonight 😊💤
“: Outdoor spaces: Art should be a sculpture and NATURE. The art of the garden :-) Keep it simple. #intdesignerchat”
First of all, it was not a strip bar, it was an erotic club. And second, what can I say? I'm a night owl. -Marion Berry
seriously Youtube i dont care about political ads.. I just want to watch my freaking video!!!!!!!!
What a night for yoga! Cheers to all who made it in, and a reminder that the 5 classes for $25 is good thru midnight Wed. <o-= (mountain!)
Who uploads a picture in their bikini to facebook and puts "lifes to short to even care at all" as the caption...
I'm not going to have some reporters pawing through our papers. We are the president. ~ Hillary Clinton
just swore into the DC Bar. licensed in two jurisdictions. learned some stuff. there are 93,000 members of DC Bar. that's a lot of lawyers.
I wasn't calling you one youre just naturally a faggot
Happy Vday...reach out and tell that special person that you love them.
yea yea yea...go ahead and call "shotgun" i dont care...cuz i called "bazooka" :P
Rest Means More Energy to Spare. Are you getting the rest you need?
move your guatemalteco ugly ass to another place lalalalrala ♥
What are these magic shoes of which you speak?
Tonight we close. It has been truly fabulous. xoxo #firstprize www.kefproductions.com
But i cant tell . Cause all its gonna do is cause problems .
maxwell can't wait to get you back!!!!
RT : lesson from cloud computing summer school: if you have no internet connection, having your data in the cloud sucks...
lol yes! With my dad!
I think if I were a woman I'd wear coffee as a perfume. ~ John Van Druten
Are you there, Chelsea? is so not funny. Don't make fun of redheads. My mom is a redhead. And could write a better script than this show.
Thanks SISSSSY!!! I hope I see you tonight. Love!
#NationalPrepTipOff Tourney Championship Game: #Kiski School vs. Bridgton Academy of Maine. Tomorrow at 1:30 pm at Kiski School! Go Kiski!
aiy, please pass on my congrats and props to Scottie Brooks for being the West Allstar Coach. And both yall keep it up!
Looking at the old chris brown videos , awee now I remember why I use to be so IN LOVE with him :p
I mean wouldn't that be more resistance to pain or something other than strength?
thanks dad. And for the record cal is ganna snag 5 of the top 12-15 recruits.
Actually when I don't know anything about a race or a ballot prop I usually skip it.
looks great guys!! Can I put my name on it too because I don't have any cake mix?
What a beautiful day to be stuck inside.
#HeartHasAMindOfItsOwn By Download link in description NJOY!
I just farted in the elevator.
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy china~ love you so much my dear buddy~ hope you had a great day <3
if english is the national language per #mittromney and why then do they attack each other in spanish TV ads? #cnndebate!
Okay Was Up
Near a TV? Flip on to watch the Red Bull Signature Series
yah yah you convinced me!! Ha
No worries! It's by 's door with a postit note. I'll just return them when I get back, thanks though!
ouch hurts...
I kind of liked the the lying aspect of the FCAT. False construction of knowledge. Preparation4 career in politics.
Whoops, thought I was following you. Life is GRAND, my friend, just grand. How about you? :) What are you up to?
She gave you the best cooking, the best sex, treated you the best, always looked the best for you,& you cheated w/a worse chick?!
Last time I was on an was a 24 hour worldwind tour for the 2008 NIT Championship for The Tiger. Seems like just the other day
Thank you
Congrats boys! You deserved it! Couldn't be more proud of y'all! <3 xo
Spending some quality time down by the fireside with Ruby on Rails today.
#teamfollowback Whats everyone's plans for the #holiday #thanksgiving?
This Junior Seau stuff is sad. Guy was a beast on the field.
Mayberry is a cool place! Great seeing you this past week, btw :D
Johnny Cash tunes by Big Smith, BBQ, Cold Beer, and ah the Patio Tonight! Get the Bikes out Boyz.
You know you frequent a pub a lot when waitress sees you come in and immediately brings beer and asks what were having w/out offering menus.
busy week in music for c'ville...great lake swimmers, the dead, dmb with ocms, thao with get down stay down, and Fridays after Five begin...
was thinking same thing. we're seriously desperate for some good news huh?
Ice cream man!!
People prank calling me is highly amusing.
#smart girl with a dumb booty lmao
Share your experience with us by tweeting us a pic of your meal for a discount! Great way to eat well and save some money!
it's ok! Lol
Thanks for that - I had no idea who you were - we just had similar interests.
Placing all my bets on Take Charge Indy in the #KentuckyDerby. For obviously reasons.
I kind of wish I could read Boehner's mind right now, but something tells me it smells like fried bacon in there...
You should have the investigators from Finding Bigfoot on your show. Get your shit together #Sasquatchis real
Putting Gryffindore on the map, Neville goes #1 beating out Andre 3000.
It's not the will to win, but the will to prepare to win that makes the difference.
Paolo Nutini's song "Pencil Full of Lead" always brings a smile to my face.
Exactly!" Stress Awareness Month is sort of funny - I don't think we need a month for it because I'm VERY aware of my stress."
hahahhaha & :P STEELERS are going to the superbowl :D
RT : unfortunately, NJLB remains an unfunded mandate from the IDOE
Let's make sure it isn't me. I like my life... so far.
German engineering dude!
Must win tomorrow night for #Panthers... schedule gets difficult in remaining 4 games. Have to beat the worst team in league.
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune? The bow is moving.
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox.2
you know you want to come visit me at the new job.
Gonna be knocked out when i get home lbvs
excited about collaboration with for viva la vida Oct22. updates on local chefs doing demos to come!
If you're scared of LASIK because of the pain, we assure you that it is a quick and painless procedure!
My Grandma thinks I just like watching the news, but I just really like to watch Anderson Cooper. ;) ;)
holy bar fight at moosehead earlier. Thank you CIAA tourny for the entertainment
oh my dear Andy haha helping me remember our vocab words in such an odd way xD
Goodnight moths fuckasss
A little disappointed that we did not bury the needle or buy Mounds bars after the test drive:).
We all have a friend with a retarded laugh
#ThingsYouShouldNotSay : "Someone else will fix that problem"
this bus is so loud, i can barely hear my music #shutthefuckup its the morning.
Yep, I am absolutely convinced that 2011 is the right time to launch a Black Innovation and Competitiveness Initiative.
The Midway Men's Ministry will be mentoring our Youth & getting involved with our young boys.The men will take our boys to the Let's MakeMan
hm I will let our website people know of this issue! Thanks for the heads up. Good luck on your search
Cities get bigger people more creative. Companies get bigger get less creative less innovative.
Don't forget to text your vote today for the Indy Reads glove! Text READS to 86132. We could really use that $10,000 to keep free litercy!
thank U my Brother for your love & support! When the LORD gives U grace U take it & run with it! This is what I have learned.
“: I heard a rumor that new nickname is the "marathon man". #DustinHoffman”. Fits perfect!
Counted six smashed-up cars on my commute. Home, found one perfect exoskeleton of a praying mantis on my doorstep.
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings: Trap the ball
Hey followers! Keep an eye out for a contest on Monday. The winner will receive a pair of tickets to #OpeningDay Game!
fish in a barrel. A few grammar/ spelling mistakes in a flame & Joe_Blow poster is instantly butthurt.
Bout to start watching tv can't sleep in the city that never sleeps I'm getting hungry faaaaack
Oh,so your a Directioner? Name one of there songs BESIDES 'What Makes You Beautiful'...... reply if your one and dont look on youtube
The moment when Kailyn's cooler than you because she posts a bunch of symbols.
So...what are your thoughts on those funky #Vibram gloved toe shoes?
Hey guys. I'm just gonna listen to Pandora and blog all night. ~
Congrats, but this season we're all just fighting to be runner-up to Penn St.
There is an Asian woman wearing leggings with Swarovski swastikas on the sides.
drink cool in the dog days; in everything, neither too much nor too little; digest, sleep, have pleasure...
It's 11pm, I'm at the lab writing for , but also here are the lab manager's kids.
The holidays are right around the corner - stay focused at work so you can enjoy a few stress-free days off!
At the gym #fitness Lets do it!
Thanks for sharing our $1 deal!
obviously you don't love me that much 😢
thinking about you, Dude.
Got to meet some of the folks at this weekend's training session. Looking forward to Saturday #SuperPACs!
short answer: no. The author is clueless about economics. Globalization is NOT new.
The look alike is hosting SNL tonight #Eli ... Or is the Eli Manning look alike hosting SNL
not the best team ever, cant even retain it let alone 3-in a row. Top 3, maybe 5. UTD, 4 big holes that must be fixed.
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!!
I was feeling great about my weight loss until Wii Fit called me obese.
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life.
If you want to see God move you gotta make a move for God, Get up!- Superintendent Mitchell Bryant. Yes Lawd!
Mom and I are doing brunch again tomorrow if you wanna join...11ish?
That has NYT best seller written all over it... RT Tyrese has a new book out
Okay you guys - auto twitter to fb is doing a whole new number on conversations to the general public!
Hahaha welcome to Holy Week!
My brother is going to get a tattoo today with me and our friends in #Queenstown!
Marketing have their hands in enough of my networks which is why I abandon Pinterest.
lol always so sporty
yeah...bored in my office reading Harry Potter lol
was gonna say the same thing. It's pretty darn awesome, I must say!
have a blast dancing your face off to sweet music bud!
I guess I will be seeing a lot of political ads over the weekend-arghh but I will Vote Tues!
out creek. You?
As a teacher, my instinctual reaction to students challenging my ideas is to fret., but those are the times I've learned the most.
Just received my first hand-written thank you card written apres-meeting. Nice touch.
Remember, government offices closed and no mail service to honor MLK Day. Have a great day!
Loving the new EP guys and girl, gotta hook up a show.
Brilliant performance by Meryl Streep.
Interstellar Galacticator sounded FAN-TAS-TIC stay tuned for club dates!!!
Thanks for following!
whew. never easy.
pluck nigga walking
That just happened?
thanks for the followback Mark
Feel like going for a once walk around the neighborhood.
RT : Being negative only creates more negativity. Ever notice if one thing goes bad .. you start to see a chain reaction ?
And We Love Yhuu(:
It's gonna change your world :) Congrats.
4o minutes til Christmas:) bedtime or Santa will skip my house:) wait he lives in my house:) his name is dad:) #CHRISTMAS SPIRIT:)
yeah and so do hee.!
Man, to keep up with twitter you gotta LIVE on twitter. Crazy,
ONLY LOSERS LOOK DOWN ON WINNERS! CUZ THEY NEVA WIN!
HAHAHA...I referenced that movie last night!RT If you don't like the movie Backdraft, we probably can't be friends.
-- Again, if you keeping saying 'it will never happen' IT WON'T. Positive attracts positive. Ideas attract other ideas
S'more - Chocolate cake filled with marshmallow cream, topped with chocolate buttercream and Smore toppings.
at least 87 percent of a success.
yeah I thought the same thing. What are you up to today?
your extremely humble it seems that is a good quality to have. Do you have any other hobbies besides singing??
I think Strep throat....no energy either :-( might be time for an antibiotic
Father Lord, Let today be a day of jubilee, healing & miracles-bring peace, mercy, grace, favor & joy to every heart that seeks yours. Amen
what's your reaction in one word to LA's tweet about playin with DWill overseas?
if u are a girl; you should follow for amazing & inspiring tweets!(;
Listening to all of 's old covers brings tears to my eyes
Could that Caps goal horn be any louder? Jeebus.
If you look for the worst in life, you'll find it. The opposite is also true!
are u serious.
your badge of honor. Congratulations!
Not done. Idgaf. Sleeping. Good night
WAY below. He'll be good, but they should send him down for a month.
Thanks, I'm glad you liked my train tracks.
I'm actually super stoked to watch and work with them to expand into a lifestyle brand. You all better be ready.:)
I gues SHE'S tryna send me THAT MSG ha fuck.it. Gonna get ready for work :)
Haha if the Clips lose tonight they might all hop on a flight to sing some blues in Nashville.
Be happy in front of people who don't like you, it KILLS them.
If you're beside yourself, you're never alone...
jus swag in who up mention me
I don't know how you deal with your boyfriend. #Sherman #Jesus !
or we can all just go to California instead.
i got some pretty amazing photos of Cody today!!! :D
Cool search interface in another article mgmt sys: #Papers faceted search, with multiple sources, highlighted when searched
The Titans don't get to accused any other team if being "dirty" so long as they continue to employ Cortland Finnegan
The same people who say Obama came out for same-sex marriage for the votes are the same who say people are gay out of choice
Did you see the thread on 2+2 about the dealer at bills that was stealing $5 chips from the pot and fired?
So tonight turned out to be a fun adventure! Went to a venue down the street to find our friends in ADWCM playing!
I'm lying. I'm still here in the depths of hell
LOL! Yes-- Chinese food
Church is not made to talk to God because I talk to him everywhere I go but is made to worship him together!
What NBA team plays home games in an arena located at Two Pennsylvania Plaza ?
True emotions are shown through the hands of great workmanship in historic masonry construction
Oh My God Ben
I just got BY INVITATION ONLY but was disheartened to see that the font is miniscule. Sony displays PDFs well but not too much.
Wow! Those songs are pretty good! Great Job!!!
The best days are the ones that start with sunshine and end with moonlight
It's going to be even more fun to speak it when we're in Paris in two weeks with our moms! :)
What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine. –Oprah
lol I know, me too!!! We would get in so much trouble!!! 😂😂
Best signature cocktail? Word.
fuck a duck walk. I don't know if I'm gonna throw up or  myself. 
Startup Weekend Seattle! I'll be around this weekend to help out, just track me down if you need help with the APIs!
Sound of My Voice was so good. Pairing it up with Another Earth would make an excellent double feature.
RT : FOR THE RECORD: Your f*ups do NOT #automagically become my problems!
": good luck on ur bid for office..need more green candidates all over the US." Thank you for the support!
Coming up on the 8 O'Clock News... spring break attire being worn in the snow! Check out the the bikini-clad snow bunnies...
oh perfect!
Hey boo thanks for retweeting. That's why i love you. :-) See you saturday. Let's party!!!!!!
Each person must choose their own path in life. Don't let somebody choose for you and don't try to choose for anybody else.
*TRAFFIC* Box 51-19 N Milton Av & E Madison St, East Balto; Auto accident involving a motorcycle.
I'm the designated driver so it's mini bottles in the restroom for me
How can the boring-ass Skills Challenge draw a bunch of star PGs, while the Dunk Contest is nothing but scrubs?
Could you stop spamming people with your RP stuff? That's really not the best use of Twitter and it makes people annoyed w/u.
The day me & meet new niggas we lose the old ones ! we don't chase em' we simply replace em :)
can I get a shout out from you?? Pls :)
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Georgia's very own Bubba Watson wins the 2012 Masters! Green jacket, immortality and $1.4M!!!!!!!
What force is more potent than love?" Happy Valentines Day to everyone. We Love you! #LoveNotes from
I think we need to hold a family meeting about what our family can contribute!
Feeling, as usual, so out of step with this reality TV obsessed culture. Personally, I get plenty of reality from, well, real life.
I like bio. They're apparently " A nice bunch of people who all smell fantastic." Which is more than most us nerds can say
Wow! is it spring? Enjoy our beautiful DC weather
“: A week and a day. #BrooklynCountdown” I can't wait to meet her!!
wat a chillaxing day. really wishing tomorrow could be just like it
Trying to accomplish a lot by noon so i dont have to do anything in the afternoon
Follow these folks like you got good sense #ff:
Whata a beautiful day. Can't wait to go out and enjoy it <3
Definitely one of my all time favorite celebs - you kill me!
what if Fedor or Overeem win the tournament? They have to be considered for no 1. That's a great tourney!
Broadway bar! Celebrating Alexs birthday
hoping for divine intervention to strike?
when you get back on Monday, you're teaching me Spanish. I call.
lmao. I used to be a twitter addict ! I had this since like 09 lol.
Tomorrow is one of the BEST days ever. If you're a nerd, you should know what I'm talking about :)
Nah! v is voiced; f is not. Different sounds!
Fireplaces attract cold air, heat it up and send it up the chimney. The only warmth you get is from radiant heat.
Damn right there is.
Evidently, the new puppy is over 2x the size of our other dog at the same age. Vet says he has the bone structure of a full size Australian
i seriously have been eating so much lately...like its bad...perhaps stress ;)
lol have you not seen the bookshelf in my hallway filled with shoes!??!?! I can't do that twice!
I have listened to drive by like 20 times today. It is SUCH a good song!
no argument there
When a old friend tells you that he loves you durring a late night phone call.
Haha, ya, kinda dealing with that now. It's surprisingly frustrating!
I have hundreds of videos on Youtube. it has helped me in 'Business'. So now I do a lot behind the scenes, with companies.
Upstairs lounge is open and its starting to heat up in here. Gonna be another excellent night here #SEXYSALUTE 2U Tweeps
Did you get your Free Coffee this morning? If you're a coffee lover, you might not want to miss next week's Free Coffee Friday! 6am-10:30am
Ah, cooling, refreshing liquid sunshine falling from a gray blanket of clouds
but do you think i could just easily lay down and sleep? OF COURSE NOT, WHY WOULD MY BODY DO THAT? IT'S FUN!!!
You seem to have quite a bit more snow than we got. Weird. But we lost power last night. Got it back after a few hours.
You are (:
so to remedy the situation sings your name.
Two positions open at the American Red Cross in San Diego in Development & Communications. Visit www.sdarc.org and click on "Careers."
I love you <3
Is it shuffling or hustling? I may have been singing that to myself in my head wrong for all these years.
Just asked when he was leaving for the UO spring game. He said noonish. I said but it's at 11am.....
What's April minus 7?
Watching Ferris Buller's Day Off! Seriously one of my favorite movies of all time :)
which one?
Should I be embarrassed that I actually enjoy watching Aurthor??
Nice meeting u fam! U shut it down last night in Durham
NEVER start or end your day upset, if we look there is always a light to be found in the dark my friends, CHOOSE to see it ; )
soo according to star mag. Ray j has one and Houstons family said name yr price trying not to destroy her memory but honor her
This my first time being in phipps plaza in a long time
thats right! So your still coming for sure? :) and pfft. Okay? How about outstanding?!
So apparently my laptop over heated.
#wric channel 8 is airing commercials without the words, only the music and sounds
Tonight's show at Perks Coffeehouse with Brendan Asquith has been canceled. We apologize for any inconvenience. What a week :(
I hate hypocrites.
movie night!:D
you punishing me with this clifford brown stuff jajajaja
that awkward moment wen u realize ur dreams never gonna come true! </3
Hope to see you back soon... You will be missed.
Ok, got out Tackle.. NEED A wr next though! Randle? Alshon?
Why you so beast?
Wed. we celebrate 100 days til #Olympics. send #Twitpic of u @ Olympic sites in LA & you could win Olympic gear
RT "What do you think about our new website?" I like it a lot! GREAT colors!!
Oh my god my phone is dictating everything that I say and now it's on Twitter
Home bound!!
Getting ready to head to the recording studio for my last rehearsal before tomorrow night's concert!
Power Up!
I know!!!! I love how everyone thinks they're Jo. I am none of them, but I'm definitely not Jo--no WAY would I refuse Laurie!!
getting my hair done.. finally found a salon in wisconsin that I like!
Wondering where on earth today has gone?? Almost time for Boot Camp again!
HAPPY BDAY PRINCESTON LET'S SPREAD THE PEACE 1-4-3 OMG YOUR GROWING UP SO FAST😂🎂🎉🎈
Save Portland PE! Call/email PPS board members! Write letters to the editor!
#SM2012 panel, did you know you all trended today?
well, technically, YES, we COULD print those :)
I've learned...that under everyone's hard shell is someone who wants to be appreciated and loved.
“: #NFL32 asks...What do you think Ryan Fitzpatrick needs to work on before next season?” be less Favre-esque w/ throws. better reads
Pleased to please ya :)
In theory all three of us could be in bed much longer, but I think we all so love our Saturday ritual of togetherness that we don't linger.
Trace Adkins at the Riv tonight come and visit us before and after the concert.
so stoked about our "frame concept".. prototyping.
lmao her face after she said that I wanted to cry for her
HA. HA. Not funny.
Live on iBand.me check us out
Today we're checking out a new device Salem Police are using, to measure how closely cars follow on the road. That report at 4pm
tonight or tomorrow!
A grommet is also the hole you thread your laces through on sneakers.
So....who do you think stole the show at last nights "Guitars & Stars" concert?!
Impressed that the debate is televised featuring ASL interpreter. In related news, who is EPN's hair stylist?
what up boy what u on? Get that bottle
It's nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice.
GOT A GOOD WORKOUT IN TODAY AT THE PARK!!! WITH RAMON OF TOP OF THE LINE BARBERSHOP MAD LOVE AND RESPECT!!!! 3ARWALK3R
i'm not, my parent's are coming up here!!
I talked to him this morning and actually he retires tomorrow. Also he won't be in ATL till Sat
will check. They did get some outside Pick N Save
. Then why the hell won't they say so publicly? The kind, decent, intelligent person would speak out.
At George's in Waco enjoying what they are famous for.
you look soo handsome i love you ♥
Love that piece!! Was going thru my head today actually. Weird.
meta: “: At #FOSE #mobilegov panel: GSA's Chris Hamm: Gov has a problem with free services because of the costs of free”
chill bro he not 4real.
yeah def not felling then 100+ days desert heat no good
#askalexconstancio at playlistlive you said you'd follow me, i'm still waiting?
6-4 road trip for the Brewers with 5-1 finish... they're hot... the real test is if they can keep it up against the Braves tonight...
Still trying to find my girl a kindergarten in SF. Frustrating experience. Methinks this city doesn't love me anymore.
#News12 Had a great segment with Stone Grissom discussing safety tips and demonstrating self defense moves.
Arsenal or Man City?
People say bad things about Englewood Chicago I spead Good News about Englewood Community there good people here in E-Wood.
It's Wednesday, I think I can see the weekend!
'LIKE' us on #Facebook and we'll send you a $1 drink credit to redeem at your favorite bar. What are you waiting for?!
heeyyy someone tweeted to tell u whats ur number she wants it nd its not me
A favorite quote. Wonder why. "Beware of artists, they mix with all classes of society and are therefore most dangerous." - Queen Victoria
Didn't know chimpanzees eat monkeys. That's like eating a 2nd cousin...
Babs was bringing it on XM Broadway today
Something tells me that Ross and Riker will see this and will laugh so hard.
We love dropbox here in the library. Mark & I are always using it. I've even got some student workers hooked :) Great tool!
Hi! I'm terrible at art but enjoy it anyway! I do meditate and it does help with pain some. I like all science & technology
I love the chirpity-chirp of the birds this morning. Yea Spring!!
Drats, thanks. How you doing? Haven't heard from you since school ended ... she was on in the very beginning!
You're welcome
probably just shirt & jeans and my wedges..
fill me in on the gossip!
Oh hashtag, why can't you be tamed?
Still spinning on www.danceradio.ca tune in!
I Dont Give A Cluck
Still up watching soulfood can't sleep
Congrat's bro!
I have excellent news. Manos: The Hands of Fate is available for purchase on iTunes.
It's not a done deal yet. But here's hoping #TopChef decides to come to #Portland!!!
