Julie Simpson on specific models outside schools together with some definitions
I stopped everything... And they say they hate me because I walk a certain way? Guess what?? I don't fuckin care what you think
just like labeling someon a tourney player is wrong. we are all just madden players and thats it
how's life though?
Oatmeal is a great emollient and a gentle exfoliator. It soothes and softens your skin. Try Vanilla Oatmeal or Oatmeal Milk & Honey soap.
I've paid my dues
Gonna get stabby with my knives in a minute.
you can fuck with my bitch just dont fuck with my money
Great shoot with and today. Sneak peek coming shortly
Blame the Devil!!! HAHA!!
I'd love to know how it goes! Will you be writing up the results?
Create a beautiful & inspired Friday! #Peace &
Did anyone see the end of Jeopardy? That was crazy!
this is exactly what i was thinking!! we shud defo set up a whole school blog to promote what the school is doing and
get some big boy pants on u nancy!
Don't worry, I'll be a cool dad. I'll let you buy all of the comic books you want with your allowance money.
Ayera: visializing emancipation demonstrates that students at liberal art colleges can contribute to digital scholarship
Does your design studio retain a lawyer? If so, what situations does s/he help you out with?
Notre Dame's guard play is too much for Baylor to handle. ND wins 78-73
Im coming to Texas In May Who Im gone kick it With I know noone There O_o
The ocean is approximately 6 miles deep.
How much can you find, when you're not finding fault...
Hay!! That's awesome! :)
“: go to bed foo” lol. On that note, goodnight folks.
11 days of school left. Hurry up.
#Brewers at home in June. Mets, Cardinals, Rays and Twins. 12 opportunities to get to Miller Park. When you go....Let Us Drive You!
so you're the home wrecker? Hmm
take me(: I haven't been to the movies in ages, literally. Haha
The skies above the OC have turned gray, time to fly home. Have a wonderful Friday everyone!
i saw that and was like wow this is a very general yet oddly specific email that seems sent to me but doesn't use my name ;)
hey kelly I'm hungry too
I wish I was going to Milwaukee this weekend like the rest of my Twitter feed.
Maybe by 2022 we'll just download the 1950 census directly to our implanted storage device!
What other instrument is the flutist playing???
hahah have i? (;
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com Rt xoxo
Volunteering at Dell Children's tonight. Can't wait!
Shout out to our 600th follower
it's a Monday night. I'm surprised your not drunk...?
We want to thank for being a sponsor of #idea10 this year. We couldn’t do this without you.
Today seems like a good day to decorate the door to our offices. Paper snowmen aren't as fun all the real thing, but they'll have to do.
What makes a child feel that they deserve to be bullied? How can society believe that is acceptable?
I know but I suck at theology and if I don't study I'll fail
my pleasure- it's really good to hear from you-so glad you're doing well
I need to be sleep I gotta get up from work in a couple of hours.smh
Thats an old but VERY good one. shld be expanded to incl. , , #BushCabal, et.al., no?
What a gorgeous winter day, and they're only getting longer from here. Join us for happy hour 4-7.
hi yes I'll most likely be there on friday & sat. I'll msg you my number to reach me
why do people hide what they truly mean to say under a whole bunch of nonsense
ABOUT A WEEK - All the production assistants were women. Suzanne Baranski, Lynn Nack, Diane Battersby and Yael Gidron.
great vacay thou!
Vinyl release party tonight at ! $5 at the door, $5 for our new split 7" vinyl with on Get a ltd red vinyl!
Watching my sister struggle with a pressure cooker. I feel like a #chopped judge.
don't get twitter slapped:) stop tweetin me man!!!!!!!
So excited to go to the Association of Bridal Consultants "Lunch and Learn" today!!!- Ashli Cox Catering Sales Manager
you work 4/7? Golf? Take off if your answer is yes
#uCantBeToughAndSay you got anything sweet to drink?
Please go sit dwn sum where now before I go H.A.M., bc you been wrkin my nerves for the last week now
wats up guys imma be online for a while
I have nada going on for the majority of the year & then randomly June becomes the month everyone plans things. This is getting ridiculous
I love them.
Thanks Ronnie! Friend's name? Website?
Wow, did I really make it that easy for you to just walk out of my life?
imma try to have a EP up by the end of the week.
Forget mistakes. Forget failure. Forget everything except what you're going to do now and do it. Today is your lucky day.
you should totally invite me sometime!
now following...thank you
Hi Lindsy thanks for follow, yes life is a journey. Still winter in Minnesota?
Pride leads to disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom. (#Proverbs 11:2 #NLT) #VerseOfTheDay on the #Bible #App for the
Damn it. Craftycunt.wordpress is already taken. Craftyvagina is an option, but doesn't have the same ring to it! :(
With redskins 16-3... wow RT Just like everyone expected: Lions, 49ers and Bills are now a combined 13-2.
sexy outfit
I heard that Ru Paul clarified that he was not Ron Paul the other day....
Getting some major repairs done on our Hemi. Looking at spending about $2000. Sick of this 4-cylinder POS rental. Worthless!
how far from the contestants camp do you stay when not filming?
He should go for not supporting in NC11 over that Blue Dog scum.
It's all good bro. Glad you like it as much as I do!
I never thought I'd say this, but I am really happy I joined the #gym. Hoping to start jogging again soon!!
Kavita Patel is giving the best talk I have heard her give in my short health policy career
Definition of a massacre: Thunder vs. Lakers.
At the #poweratl2012 event
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” Dr. Seuss
Cory Booker is taking the stage
A perfectly ripe banana and Nutella for breakfast!
oh, then we'll see you there! Vegas here we come :>
thanks! Hope you are well!
So much to do when I get back to Syracuse! Excited to me working on a team with my friend !
oh yeah? Sweden is it. That is a good deal.
you guys are best friends! You shouldn't be arguing over stuff like this :/
Hell yeah
My bf loves when I look through my Twitter news list & blurt out all the headlines as he's trying 2 watch football... not! OMG
hurts me to think about you but if you want I'll do so because pff:)
That is awesome!!
Would GOP fund programs out of Defense Budget, if on behalf of the poor, jobless, fems & gays, we DECLARE WAR ON AMERICAn greed? If so, I do
Official Opening for Blush Mequon kicks off tomorrow! Book your complimentary spring makeup & try , , &
D-Bo ft Dbo Montana
Beans and wieners.
Blake is their best player
You kiss your mother with that mouth?
You can lead a horse to water...
eat ma eat
What kind of painting would you create of it was titled "BBQ & Saucy Land?!"
We Bought a Zoo was a fantastic movie!!! :)
thanks for that weather retweet. for serious. It'll probably take me 2 hours to get home from work now.
: thanks! You're always so kind! Enjoy your weekend plz. :)
": I'm not shy, I'm holding back my awesomeness, so I don't intimidate you." This reminds me of uou
Hey my photographic community, let us know your dream shoot. Who, what or where?
Being less than honest w/ others will permanently mark your character if you don't change. Let your "yes be yes", & "no mean no"
Doing a great job. Thanks for promoting better eye care.
if we get the place, there will be a huge party. Big party deck our back for beer, grilling meats and a fire pit for s'mores!!
: I didn't follow you for advertisements. Hope the drama mellows on the show and ya'll get another season. Peace.
O word that's crayy my cuz rafi told me a lot of ppl are quitting HD 😲
Oh man, p90x shoulders triceps & biceps + 250 squats = much pain. Ouch!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I still don't totally get twitter. Like should I b tweeting anytime I eat something? & where I am? & tk a picture?
Thank you! And a sunny Saturday shout out to you, too! : )
": Waking up to eat breakfast then going back to sleep on a full stomach, not healthy but it's an awesome feeling >"
At the #dodgers #pirates game with colleagues and journo mentors watching the dodgers try to hold a 3-2 lead
Louis and Eleanor have finally found true love, romance has #ComeOutToPlay for One Direction
Another year. Same Ol product
Debating wearing shorts today. It will be chilly, but it kind of feels worth it.
New Belgium samples at binnys on Clark was a nice end of week surprise.
I just want people to be careful, I don't want to cause drama, and I certainly am not trying to get attention.
Deliradio also has an app for the iPhone!
For TV news, I loves me my PBS Between that and , I always get something to think about.
- Great news to hear #Fastenal numbers, it's hard explaining that to everyone who wants to keep saying the sales aren't there.
I actually enjoy these eye exams (tho they're 2 keep an eye on an anomaly). Eye exames are basically a series of video games
I have no idea what I'm doing with my life.
Trying out CFEclipse. Neat.
#CLIPPERS on a 6-0 run and having taken lead by 4!!
If you can dream it, you can do it. ~~Walt Disney
what can I say, I'm an overachiever.
the sleeping pills aren't worth the crazy dreams they give u lol get someone to read u a bedtime story haha
hahaha yeah! Knowledge is knowledge!!!
Aries Are Cool
Teachers should be evaluated (not judged) by formal/informal observation, daily student performance, parent surveys, etc...
Me too, I love the movies. But for a rom-com or an indy that doesn't need to be seen on the big screen, I'd love it.
The storm has just been downgraded significantly. Think we can handle this just fine for our weekend events.
Toast to Spring w $10 pitchers Sun- Thurs! Enjoy #Calabash Thurs tonight w North Carolina fried seafood platters
Standing desk day 2
Will the #Yankees make it? WrestleMania® XXVIII Tickets on Sale This Saturday STAMFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--WWE® announced today th
It's Mostly Dedicated To Ian But Its All My INPIRATIONS Over The Years
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it
suggestion also came up here in the studio...the debate goes on...
Night Twitter!:)
Its good to be back in the oc for the night! Vip !
Hospital, work, hospital, work, recoger escenografia, ... Triple espresso, work, --
Always great to see you and everyone at
RT send us a testimonial video and get 500 free points on our site! www.tweepnest.com
Congrats to Philly. Regardless of No D.Rose the #Bulls had plenty of chAnces to win this series but shut down. Til next year...
Keep us in mind when you're ready to frame it!
Games of Thrones is aight, dont see what all the hype is about but im already halfway so i might as well finish season one
did i see you at the Bellino's birthday party??? xxo
Hi I think of your #momcongress message every time we hit the playground! Keep up the great work.
ok(: ♥ tell you mom i say thank you for giving birth to an amazing daughter by the name of Galilea Lopez ♥
lol it's just so annoying to me!! I'm not even friends with these people and I still have to hear about it or see it
I disagree, LA might be able to hold a lead, but the Canucks know what they have to do.
except for when its
are you rooting for the #Caps tomorrow b/c you live in DC or b/c Thomas is a douchebag?
Being fake is the new trend now, so I guess everyone is in style.
We invite you to give us a try! You'll notice the difference. We're dedicated 24 hrs a day and take care of you the Lonestar Way!
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s estranged wife found dead in New York. Source: AP
#prsun - I am a member of the National Association of Hispanic Journalists.
highly recommend "the artist." thought silent might put me to sleep. didn't. was great.
Hi! I never got to say goodbye after wedding last year. Hope you're all well.
Woke up and no txt from her smh -_-
Great job & on #POTUS coverage in Albany today!
on the #bizzydiet do we take bcaa's on non-training days?
I submitted my song 3 days ago to a scout looking for music. The next day, he said he wants to present it to the director.
How the fuck can you call youself my friend when you make jokes about how I used to cut, and telling me I shouldn't be with your friend,CUNT
Not at all a crack but as a peripheral individual who is aware of the NBA...I couldn't name one person who plays for the Sixers
My Birthday Over =(((.
I can't stand most people.
Actually, anything that Jack White does is brilliant, so he could score the next Eddie Murphy movie and I'd be in.
S/o Houston Hoops as they continue to dominate! Undefeated this weekend! Overall record is either 11/12 with 2 L's
his voice "man im out the way rite now i aint even drivin" that nigga favorite line
Mine too!
Watching Disney movies starting with all the high school musicals ❤
Just performed at "Honky Tonks" in Nashville and bout to sing again at the world famous "Tootsies" !! Am I dreaming?
Did you eat the pizza? RT : i will not eat that pizza i will not eat that pizza i will not.
You couldn't get to your phone fast enough could you? Is a race on?
#ROMANRELOADED ! i love that song
going to watch the patriots and Mavs play tmrw
Lucky. I don't think that will ever happen with me.
I ve been riding the Lost Dutchman v2 frame and it's holding together so far.
So true.
Tweet me questions!? (:
what system do you play it on?
yea, I mean they're all easy things really, and they all pay well!! What do you do for a livin besides school??
Weeping angels always freak me the hell out
NTAC family - don't forget to schedule your interview this week. Last week for scheduling. Thanks!
remember last year when you had "special" gummy bears
Happy that the sun is shining
come to omaha on your next tour with and ill bring you MiO :) <3
I volunteered to be on your committee but didn't make it on there. There's always the future to collaborate!
four year strong album, bottle of mountain dew and I'm ready to dick this essay. If this cunt ever moves the bus towards my uni that is.
I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is fourteen days.
will be back there tomorrow!
were only going to give you them then go I thought:Llol, but ok (:
4th: Power Ally by Daniel Sprecher & André Kelly - enabling easy consumer electricity choice based on criteria (eg, price, green)
I told my dad I felt like eating a salad and he went outside and took leaves off a tree and put it in a bowl. No dad, no.
Note to self: I take better pictures when I'm drunk; bring Smirnoff to social events. Also unpack Smirnoff from back of car.
Thanks for all the Re-Tweets!!!
So Stevie Wonder just to intro Paul McCartney? Why no Stevie performance? That would have been awesome!
When you think 5 years ahead, don't just make business goals. Make goals for your whole life and how your biz fits in it.
When did we ever study together?.. Never.
Liquor in the house for the first time since August 2006. Should be a very interesting weekend.
Yes gorgeous, but I'm a little behind. Ps. You're my muse!
So I took a shower and when I gt in the hot water burned my ass!!! Dmnt
Thanks for the mention!
Think of the best day you had and duplicate it!
love watching Jim Morrison get arrested at his own concert. Priceless
Don’t wait to ask God into your life as he will help you see things clearer.
My heart goes out to all of the heterosexual couples who have had their marriages ruined by Obama's support of marriage equality.
"You can easily judge the character of man by how he treats those who can do anything for him" James Miles
Super Bored c;
we are in NYC. I will ha e to check your site out. Hopefully we can help each other.
It's raining. :)
RT : #idea10 is almost here! Don't have tickets? We're giving away 2 passes to the main conf! 1st 2 to email win
what are we gonna do?!
yeah it sucks doesn't it? haha
Treat black spot using a #fungicide spray application on the #plants every two weeks
wondering if I am the only geek working on homework Friday night...
Thx! : Congrats to on promotion to VP. The perfect package of new media smarts and old media values.
So they say "Real Recognize Real" Is that still Real<<<<<<
Whew, I'll go take you off my shit list now :) But srsly, thank for the mention!
What is wrong with me? Almost bought a copy of "Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother" at the airport.
Good grief. Praying for a speedy recovery!
hey you. follow . she follows back. :D
How many games should Lawrie get? Some have suggested same 50 D. Young got.
is it possible to send me an autograph???? It will be super swag if you can!
You're welcome Denny. Have a great day!
RT : Working 2 get on 2 talk #engineforshank. Do want him on the show? Let them know!
u dont luv me if u dok will u follow( in my mind: im sad dosn't luv me :'(
Well Yost is a genius now. Good pinch hit.
It's sure busy to night here at the casinoWOW!!
did you tour wth Thomas Fiss!? i met him yesterday! hes really good!
Likewise, in every way! Best Jesper
Miscommunication for the Masses! That's what's on #TV. Have a good one!
Question for crew. What other rookies have made their 1st goal in playoffs?
Audience hints that positive policy pushed by Bush 43 was killed by Dems for political reasons. Tired of the game.
Etta James dead --- man.
I do see some artists who use social media like real friends, but too many (and in particular DIY writers) seem like spambots.
sounds good. Hopefully I can fix this problem I just bought pro tools 9 in sept lol
you are RAD! I can't believe you used that word from the 80s...LOL! :)
Mothers are the greatest teachers! What's one thing your mother taught you?
: You got twitter!! :) yes
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Percy Jackson: The Tittie Thief
Media weaves stories, but does not represent realities.
Challenge: Say something nice about the Red Sox today.
after that performance by LeBron in the 4th and that Vince dunk I know you feeling good
I just touched my remote while eating an orange and now it is sticky and ruined forever
reports Kings have dealt their No. 7 pick to Bobcats.
Let's change the word slave to intern.
red lights love me today
My suggestion re: OMR is: let me know what you're looking for and I'll see what I can do ...
Blind pig pub at 6. Austin people come come come
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Should've totally went with the lamb kafta burgers
What's the drawing?
He endorsed marriage equality today.
If you love yourself, you could love anyone else.
Here--let me check my thesaurus: task; chore; assignment; effort; activity; venture; vocation; trade; craft.
nah... I think YOU are the best. :)
I'm right there with you man. This is a good move.
#team jack daniels
Nice read. Agree w/ points made.
#schoolmemories getting freaky at nap time ; ) in pre-k
he's such a cutie..but so corny.
Just the type of drama I'd expect from #SurvivalSunday... retains title as most classless, selfish player in all of world sport
man, you're more hardcore than me if you do it :)
Last year I missed the mission trip bc of blizzard. This year, stuck on plane with fog & lightbulb issue. 99% sure I will miss connection.
we provide in #boston, but this will be our first #fundraiser concert to raise $ for more #freeconcerts and to become a
what beats?
They would be love turds though....:)
Going swimming at the y :))
harmony singing, IPA, grillin out, new stereo, plate reverb, twinkle lights kinda day. still giddy from the sh*tty barn on top of it all.
it's worth it! To start over, live on your own, meet new people and not be so crowded like Miami. It's pretty great.
Are you fishing for compliments? Or not willing to buy a razor?
what are you gonna be doing?! :D
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, Call Me Maybe ;)
Fugazi's Ian MacKaye is on talking music, his online archive and D.C. music scene wamu.fm/zrURhD
Well. Turns out my liver is damaged beyond repair. Not sure whether the fact I don't drink makes it better or worse.
i love doritos <3 && pepsi :D
hell yes watching it now. I love Phillip!!
Thanks Erin! I do have a Facebook fan page, but I do not have a #Facebook page for Andrew Gabriel.
we do overnight shipping orders and individually seal cookies so they stay fresh... FYI :)
I want to go lay out by the pool with a nice lemonade & eat some waffles
Thanks for all of your great work!
Damn, , knocked the vid cam over while doing my signature Flying Caterpillar. Was legendary.
i have to get off twitter for a little bit.. i cant stand looking at all these sad tweets, im already bawling my eyes out .. #emotionalday .
I know. Hate to see the home team go down. Time to find my Bruins hat. I guess!
PickUpLine: Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
first40songsonshuffle your body is a wonderland- john mayer, everybody talks- , honestly- (34-36)
no, it's not. and it really really SUCKS. I'm sorry.
the travel and the travel
my twitter account needs a make over.
ITS ALMOST SUMMMERRRRRRRRR! That means almost time for new music from :D
The biggest star in the room is Sorry George Clooney.
RT : “The light at the end of the tunnel is not an illusion. The tunnel is.” ~Unknown
Wrapping up the week, like we wrap up a perm.
Tip: Call the hotel you want to stay at directly for the best deals and upgrades :) Comfort Inn Vancouver 360.696.0411
Hi Terry, Welcome
I spent 10 minutes rowing a rowing machine. 122 calories burned.
an editor glanced over the first few chapters for me. She said she found some funny comma placement and some extra spaces
I was screaming. It sounded like I was getting killed
It's time to go back to bed : /
Sweetie, if you can't walk in them... don't wear babe.
you are free to believe whatever nonsense you choose too
80 degrees tomorrow!
:-) RT : That time of day again,where I swallow hard and say Go Niners!
Left over Nacho Mama's for dinner.
awesome thnx for tweeting link to video containing your white falcon - proud because I also directed/filmed the video
“: Before YOLO, did you guys think you lived twice?” Lmao. I seriously hate when people use this word
Most effective form of birth control? Tell a woman she has to fuck Rush Limbaugh.
you said you have a crush...
worst franchise in sports! Besides the royals of course
Liking the Skrillex playing at the Allstate Arena
Follow please?!
KISS & Motley Crue, KISS & Motley Crue, KISS & Motley Crue.... that's pretty much all thats running through my head.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Flex Limited AWD for a new car!
GENUINE KEN SHOWS AIRS JAN 18th! CHECK OUT THE SITE LAUNCH - GENUINEKEN.COM
Thank you so much for the RTs. Have a wonderful weekend.
6 MF am and now y'all wanna play parent n say 12?
GameStop or Best Buy Gift Cards up for grabs when you get up to 20 friends on Playd!! Limited Time Only!! Follow and get the app!!
This kinda love dnt come easy!
why does it say "forbidden" when I try to follow you?
Very cool! RT : Yes, we are getting the Harry Potter ebooks! And you can already get on the waitlist.
Happy Tuesday to all
Why was Rose in up by 12 with 1:10 left?
Guru Guidance tonite! For the potential mentees out there my specialties are InDesign, networking, and starting your own business. Pick me!
that makes sense. you were a senior or something
“You have to look at yourself objectively... Face your handicaps, don’t try to hide them. Instead, develop something else.” Audrey Hepburn
“Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.”
looking forward to that, see you there :)
oh no no no--- I gave those up years ago. :) Apparently all my friends LA were born this week.
Don't know what to wear
Ivan Vladislavic's The Loss Library has a piece on the excitement/boredom of writing constraint pieces. Which is me all over.
Alone in art class:(
I'm outraged at what the price is gonna be for the new map pack on MW2. did they not make enough money selling the game. COME ON MAN!!!!
I DID CHECK YORZ :))
I wish I could come to the show tonight but unfortunately it's like 4 hours away :(
Velocity around Ruby jobs is high and increasing, another reason to use it.
I'm sleepy.
lol he won't will a ring so Idc
On the road again... See you soon #Furman! :)
get over her please </3 I want you in my life you and only you <3
Thanks for the tip, Ruth. I'd like to see some western Emotobooks? Are you into that movement?
every night is ladies night at mad mex.
we taking the 1126 train into the city
He seems like a great pick too. Season tkt holder in our family since season 1, went to SB in Miami when we won too. Good Choice
The report finds that despite the emphasis by President Barack Obama's administration on reforming the civil detention system
Important read. RT Who Really Owns the #Komen Brand? bit.ly/yWBLWu by
#Thansk Jackson! I was thinking of you this weekend. At the event I used that card app you shared with me. How are you doing?
I love the matchups next week! Both games feature great defenses against high powered offenses. Can't wait!
Getting ready for tomorrow, thinking about group facilitation for
I see u r a very hard-working girl :) I'm sure u're going to be a great business woman :)
sii *.* que rico
Gizmodo&#39;s Happy Hour Party Was a Deadly Fun Night of Drinking ...
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile , remind her how beautiful she is.
suck it up for 2 more hours!
RT Calling all #ABQ fans! Get a piece of memorabilia from the show today & help #ABQ homeless!
☼ No matter how old you are theres always something good to look forward to. Lynn Johnston
Just getting started with a 1-week rendezvous w grandkids. Then we head off on our own.
There is gonna' be one. And YES! :D Yes we are!
thanks for helping me spread the word! you rock!
of course!
Today I have a great day with shopping 4 the weekend I'm so excited I CAN'T wait for the weekendto B here 부처님이 날 축복하십시오
I fucked Thomas Miceli becuss i love him um...
Good morning people,let's do something positive today
have you got #burreled yet? Nah you wouldn't know what the means. Once you go Pat you don't go back.
thats what I need to do
Noprob. How did ur paint project work out.
let me just say, Bruno Mars killed it tonight.
Ian Eastwood, LET ME LOVE YOU!!!!
#Cowboys Tony Romo is getting
Jason Wu for Target is getting so much media attention I'm starting to fear for Target employees on Feb.5...it's gonna be a Missoni x 2
Random memory. Had ppl ready to fight over my ribs
Derby time!
What!! You dont like the Josh Cribbs bubble screen?
Thanks for the follow.
Finals stage design finished for Velocity 2011 is gonna love this look!! Love being around Church Planters.....awesome folk!
no prompt, it can be anything thing we want.
Aw, you didn't have to ♥ RT ": I love kaitlyn she's so perfect :("
haven't decided yet -I think it's a great idea, but I'm about neck deep in my current WIP & I'd like to finish it b4 starting new
11/9/2010 A Workplace Fantasy Come True CBS Boston (WBZ News TV segment)
lmao this is true
Happy Spring #Boston! Tired of renting? Let us help you find your new home or condo!
I see You Joseph:)
MCA.....so much more than the music and the Music was fucking AWESOME.
Getting ready for our women's coalition precinct walk this morning in University City. #womenmakingthedifference. Join us!
Do you want to see my awkward self in a dress?! Should I wear one on Saturday? :P
i wanna be a zombie! :)
Please email me your contact info :
It's not too late! Give the gift of fun this season & help someone make a memory-Carnival Cruise Gift Certificates on Sale! 800-803-7245!
We're so glad you're here!
Come see us September, 23rd THIS Friday in Malibu! At The Malibu Inn. Get Tix from us!!
Fiber is the intestinal toxin sweeper. Aim for 25 grams/day for women and 38 grams for men. Think veggies, beans, fruits, berries!
haha they were all just so fine!
why are you wearing a Brent Fullwood jersey?
RT : It's always great to see #Cliffmas in person. #Phillies //> On my way! ...this could get interesting. Haha!!
I think it was new last summer!!! And I've been obsessed ever since :)
Happy birthday, Jason! (and happy pesach)
Is it 5 yet
This man has on acryllic nails...why?
bookstore layout by subjects, I'll email u a link later
sry I fell asleep :'D yeah everythings pretty good! :)
RT : Read Free Chapters of The Gods Among Us Series.
Hey... The Brewers are at it again today!!! Lets beat those red birds.
Always LOVE watching #SharkTank, sad I missed it tonight. Thank goodness for the internet :)
We have a 10 day free pass just for mentioning this tweet!! See you in a bit!
I'll try to check it out.
Taking my sophisticated mama to see Cool and the Gang and Van Halen. Might as well
[USAID's] Shah decision to take manner as any other enterprise and apply it to dev. Describes foreign aid, health, famine programs in...
:) I look forward to hearing your ideas!
-___- chill I def can cook my driving might be a little bad but you can't crack on my cooking ^_^
Tell to bugger off.
ok cool
It's my birthday! Started w/ job fair & moving. Good I'm not sick anymore. Maybe normal dinner out with fam tonight?
"shut your ass!"
Alabama Ain't Got Shit And My Og Trying Go Next Week Mfs Gone Bored Af!!
#Wildwood can't come soon enough...only if it's fun though!
The pom squad bows came out so well!
Crosby Elementary in Forney reportedly hit by tornado.
How do Chinese people get their names? By dropping silver wear down the steps! "Ching Chang"
Please tweet me<3 i love you ariana <33333333333
I just don't know, I really don't. All I can say is thank god I only have two weeks of school left.
Thanks! :) how was enviro and psych?!
They have panty-dispensing vending machines??
"HUG ME BROTHA!"
Help spread the word about ! Today is #ff. If you RT we'd be grateful!
Thanks! RT : & thanks for having us - delicious
Eating dog is an Indonesian tradition. Strapping a dog on your car for 12 hours while it's ill is not an American tradition.
Do any of you role-play? If so: who?
Oceania Cruises European Dreams-be the 1st on Riviera-2 for 1 cruise fares & free airfare on select sailings! Call our experts 800-803-7245
G4 is playing ALL BOND, all weekend. Can''t every watch these movies too many times! Fun way to spend a rainy Sunday.
What is PBR anyways a sandwich??
Don't fuck witth mty best friend. Especially if your mmy cousin.
That awkward moment when you were the 1st supporter of an ICON dancer, than they forgot about you because now they "have their own fanbase."
Carrying umbrella 2day. Do not need it. Raindrops r small as Evian face refreshing mist.
faith is daring the soul, so go beyond what the eyes can see.
did he at least offer to buy u another popcorn? he already missed the opening, what's another 3 minutes?
Anyways, goodnight all.
: The revolution will destroy the upper class and their needy attachments to power and luxury. Shared via TweetCaster
Yes. I'm aware the site is down temporarily.See retweet from my hosting service. >:( (I don't think there's an emoticon for helluv mad.)
Merry Christmas Eve!! Blessed beyond belief Alex Ryan and and Evie in my life.The best gifts ever!
Way to go Octavia!
I'm loving this..... just chillin!!
HAHA but really Susan is a saint #shush RT I don't know who's a worse driver Danica Patrick, or mom
I don't make mistakes. I'll just pop in and crack some wise.
#CONFUSED: Sagging and Skinny jeans! Amazing how this will go down in pop culture history!
I was just thinking the same thing!! Makes me wanna switch careers!
talk to us
#WHSummit. Good conversation on women's health disparities. Getting ready for ending hunger dialogue. Washington room down front.
Last day of spring break ):
Yes, lovely and talented Josue Evilla!
Aggie's Bakery!!! They did my wedding cake :) thanks!
My ear buds are broken. Walking around campus in silence :(
A very small degree of love is sufficient to cause the birth of hope - 2nd try!! Oops on the first. FAIL!!
This morning it looks like Twitter... I mean Tumblr... I mean Pinterest is experiencing major technological growing pains.
Just fine moma E. How is your day?
HEY FAM FOLLOW>>> AND TWO OF MY FAVS...
The Yum jumbotron needs the red turned down... Murray's yellw numbers look orange
No #WiFi in macy this morning at I love the
I just saw tweet that it was three years in a row. Will RT. My faulty memory only goes back 2 years.
That's great! Our Better Block will be pedestrian, bike & dog friendly, perfect for your organization :)
I can feel them crawling under my skin!
That tangerine juice was quite pulpy, but what really put it over the top was the champagne.
Stalley Talks 'Self Made Vol. 2' Studio Sessions, Rick Ross' Formula & Being a SBTRKT Fan
haha that was an awesome video!! <3 :)
Men talk about their attraction to women with thick, long, brilliant locks
whatever, you just payed me a compliment!!!
nice :D I took a art class over the summer last year =P
we will post contest details later tonight on how to win the autograph
So sorry to hear that. May you take comfort in knowing an angel is watching over you.
A big ass bacon cheeseburger from Wendy's sounds soo clutch right now.. i am in desperate need of food to cure my hangover
That sounds like a plan. Please, tell me more...where I need to be and when. Feel free to drop me an email:
Just had the worst sales experience of my life with Hopefully there's another internet provider in c'ville so I can avoid comcast
“: : Jordan Heels.”| but never a jordan heel
Omfg my dog jumped out of the window!!!
Bike rides to
Thanks for all the follows. We're happy to join the Twitter fun. We hope to contribute the same, plus great coffee and community.
control, AND Coach K's home church ... they did let me teach world religions in 6th grade CCD later, though.
Preseason and regular season are two very different things. Luke will need to be physically and mentally tough.
What’s your favorite workout craze?
Sheepshead Bay theater in Brooklyn, NYC should be called Stinky Bay Theater.
My show starts n an hour. Wish me luck tweeters. N e 1 n indy area. Its at 71st n keystone. Out east. $12 admission
Go Daddy, setting back the women's movement by decades.
Today in Literary History: On April 19, 1824 Lord Byron (poet who wrote "Don Juan" and "She Walks in Beauty") died in Greece.
Do u think the cell phone has taken over where the cigarette addiction was?
I realize that this here sentence about realizations is false, and does not refer to itself.
If you can, watch it in Japanese with the subtitles. It's better that way IMO.
So awesome to listen To people plan their vacations while at work.
Niggas is always gonna talkwhether im doing bad or good so i figure mines well just live life and only answer to god in the end
JJ Von Briesen's first record in production over the past few days. This one is definitely going to be hot.
lol whatever punk
You'll be just fine :p maybe your knees and feet feels lighter now so it threw you out of balance. lol
you would think they'd pay to turn the lights off for earthday...
You were in HI & now headed down to FL. If you'll be around Jax let me know. My daughters will keep the aloha going for you all
your so beautiful! follow me? x
Really? just revealed it was a 31-0 vote with only the Oakland Raiders voting against the resolution to settle litigation.
ok, i ill don't get how this damned thing works.
Who got a studio
I'm at the executive lounge and im feeling the love they shoutn royal ink all over this bitch!!!
Did U know Linkedin Terms of Use state U give up all rights (assign) 2 any content you contribute 2 LinkedIn. How do U define contribute?
Technology is changing learning at warp speed. Info lit needs are more impt than ever...an erosion of pedagogical authority.
Ready to fail chem!!
with the sale of the Jaguars coming soon, is there any talk new owner is considering LA move with new stadium coming soon?
Thanks for the #ff!
Good Night My Fellow Duganites!
finished!! too bad I should have worried more about my history one...Emile wasn't there to help me and it showed :/
Where is the line drawn between civilized protest and "barbaric" behavior in an attempt to voice concerns?
Yea, going to chip away at over the next week. It covers the context for the first half of my diss. Looks to be a big help.
Yay! is on twitter!
Learning "how to fascinate" from #sallyhogshead at #roi2012 in Clearwater..
Is any one taking chm1033 in the summer ?
I did put the Flyers as one of my 5 favorites to win the cup along with the Caps Preds and Blues. Stupid Penguins.
Bo! Cutler needs to learn a lesson.
you don't know a thing about me. #MrKnowIt All
Some people with raw talent are sadly never given the chance 2 shine. Maybe it's cause they neva fought hard enough 2 get into the spotlight
Thank god its almost time yayay bout get on facebook with the group an HAPPY MONDAY TEEN WOLF LOVERS ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
all the talk from NFLPA during lockout about being a tight-knit group, but support injuring each other?
--- Biggest disappointment ever
you too Teresa! Thanks for connecting. I'm looking forward to staying in touch with you!
Consigned Butler to 2 weeks indentured servitude. If you don't have a band, form one now so he can write ab it
Happy New Year, and good luck to those beginning seminars this week in #jhuDC #jhuNY #jhuBerlin! What a great way to start 2012!
let's just say I tossed back a couple too many coldies.
Learn From the Past; Live in the Present; Hope for the Future
it's definitely better than Lolla. I'm more likely to go to this.
Thought for the day. Fast cup of coffee w/a cold poptart giggling as you pack rat into your car w/a loved one getting last minute gifts
PTP Thursdays last night was a success!
RT : What if because of faith, courage, persistence & the hope you have shown, your constantly nourished dreams begin to grow?
Totally dug GE guys. It was genuinely creepy and it's difficult to freak me out. Stuck with me for a while. I'm very impressed!
Oh, yours was the easiest one to take. I didn't even realize that wasn't you for a few minutes.
#sfopen welcome to sf chris vein! Who would have envisioned this?
The Fakers are handling the Nuggets.
Happy Friday everyone! Don't forget about build day tomorrow! Meet in the UC at 7:15 am. See you there!
loved the segment this morning on the Today Show
Patriots Draft Former Rugby Star Ohio State Special Teamer Nate- rugby
If picks me to win SB tickets, I will tweet her incessantly about her opinions on everything, no matter how irrelevant it is.
Thanks again to for hosting today's #LeanStartup Workshop! We'll have to do another one soon! :)
Give → punte so he can shhhhhhh already. Plz and thank you :)
I just hope that you miss me a little when im gone.
Can I get window seat??
okay I don't understand why she would want him back. Does she know he cheats on girls
2 week countdown peeps till Jenolo release ...#exciting stuff keep that #wordofmouth coming
Happy Freedom Day, especially all who are in the struggle for equal rights! S.F Juneteeth Parade at 11am...
put in millikan, youll be happier
911 I'd like to report a stolen tweet! RT I *never* use the shift key on the right side of the keyboard.
Whatever it is.....make it happen
Likewise. Today is one of those days that mirrors the movie Groundhog day!!!
Finally embedded twitter again on my website. Most of the changes/upgrades are done. I suppose I should remove the "Under Construction" note
i'm definitely going to wake up tomorrow morning feeling like complete crap. i'm definitely getting sick... :\
bit exhausted, but the movie was awesome and my date was cute ;)
The moment Christianity becomes controversial is the moment it actually becomes Christianity!
</3 Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/
It's my birthday, and I'll dress up if I want to. And I did. Yes, that's right people, for once I am not working in my PJs. :)
I think outside the box why ya'll are locked inside it
A friend that I had we was both widows and we would go to alot of Ky games home and away when Norma died
Ready for this fight!!!!
2 get singing to u all, how does 1 get signed these days A & R has gone! Someone I pray will C that I've got what it takes to get deal again
This storm better not be bad because I am not going to evacuate.
RT or, our lives were more woven together than all the homemade scarves at the 930 // touché!
#phdchat: Another Fulbright tip- cast the net really wide on affiliations & don't be afraid to even pick up 2 or 3.
go on and close the curtains. cause all we need is candlelight. you and me and a bottle of wine
true. But he received a lot of Boos from the IU faithful.
check your respective emails. I received a response from our editor in chief re: non-OA. cc:
ew fall of a cliff
lol work keeps me busy.
can u follow me pls Joe it would mean alot
I need you to follow my new account It's a personal account, so get at me!
Loving how new track 6in heels turned out with the big homie ! Follow him dope rapper from up top! Let's get it!
seeing an old couple and thinking about him. asdfghjkl; my life<<<
Follow some of the members of vocal rush, and our director! !!! Go go go
I've sat in that same seat many times!
Gang of Four.
Going from #OpenWrt back to #SlugOS/BE for embedded server experiments.
pretty awesome, yours?
As a twig is bent the tree inclines.s
I'll need a big hat too to cover my big nose!
what if it's your favorite song ever?
I love that movie
and I are like Al Bundy and just live remembering our past glories in the gross out games.
I always thought, "minus well," was a joke until I someone in my family texted it to me. I have stupid people in my family.
": It's really inconvenient that I don't have a car." In my case, liscense/car.....
well we can get to know each other in pretty sure your colleagues don't know much about me
Woah - cool! How did you do that?!
The magic hour is here. Hurry and go get your shopping done. bit.ly/6hGqKx
I'll see what I can do... Definitley get that cough checked out.
For your DM: you're super pretty, idk you but that should change! You seem nice!
Thanks for the bday wishes everyone
haha. omg you would
Charlie called him a troll. Ahahaha
Going to sleep the day away
Designs by DeYoung has returned from Nashville's 2012 Antique and Garden Show. This years theme COLLECTIVE COLOR!
RT Consider it done! Thanks for the RT Maybe tell your campers about the free Peterson Feeder Birds :)
Be safe in the rain, San Diego. Call us to help solve your legal issues - 619.338.9500
Typed in *www.* Before the website name, then while loading it took it away ... Sorry Im old fashioned... :/
Music Peeps step yo game up w/
Way to kick Monday's ass! Meanwhile, I can't get off the couch to start baking a dessert for tomorrow.
So cold outside - can you imagine sleeping on the streets? Please help us raise funds for centrepoint and help homeless young people.
take me with u!
I'm getting really excited about Gordo. Truly.
The LIRR has been restore.
maca smoothies with banana, almond milk, and raw almond butter are the best!
great name but no idea if the wine is any good!
I can't criticize any dancer 'cause I can't do it!
its not. i checked just before the game. have to watch on laptop. i wonder how long it will be down
Whoa let's get this grammar correct lol . “: lol its bout I promise. my middle babe stats with an E.”
First Day of Summer A. 😒
Looking forward to seeing this weekend! Come on out and stop by their booth and see a demo!
Gozer was very big in Sumeria.
What did you see w.r.t. our issue?
thanks man!!! How the married life?
Love when I just completely pass out in a tanning bed.
Sorry for being bad at texting. I'm going to be obsessed with working out for 2 weeks. Probably won't bother texting back then..
Since when did screaming become singing?
We’re focused on delivering a high-quality, hand-crafted Vodka that showcases SD as America's Finest City.
who is lorraine, does she have chickens? what about the road? help me !!!
your momma'a got a hot dog neck tie!
Take me home!
An Untoward reading during AWP? Yup. It'll happen. Details are forthcoming.
If you have a NASCAR site we do exchange links send me a dm
where are the really colorful clothes in your vids from?
can i just quit school and go to concerts for the rest of my life please and thank you
snuggles with the bf then cinema :)
A gorgeous Wednesday morning in the Burgh
Merry Christmas Justin, hope you have a good time with your family. Tell them all I said hi :)
you should! I'm pretty sure this is the most A's fans I've seen in San Diego!
Does your mom know about your hoe-ish ways? DOES SHE SLUT?!
I got the fake Facebook offer as well. Does Gucci even have a show in May in Houston at Warehouse Live? Lemme know, I'd like 2 go
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!
I've found who my true friends are in the past months, thanks for being there
Need album cover, flyers, business cards etc...?? Get at me
Why we argue anyway? Oh I forgot.. It's summer time!
Andy Roddick! Won only one major and nothing much since.
Well, I probably won't. It's been over 30 years with none. But then I may change my mind. Lots of ppl regret their tattoos.
follow me back
Thank you, sir.
Love this, thank you!
International Triathlon olympic qualifying men's elite race starts at 2:30 in Mission Beach.. Disappointed I'm missing it
VIPs are coming in for tonight's card
escuse me! do think my love for sale? Something toy around with? hmm maybe. if U want seksi date in OR, please tell where & why.
French teacher going hard body on me wtf just cause im talking I get a 45? Ok lesbian looking dwarf im gonna shit bricks on you.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx NATHAN CASTANEDA
My mood was five untill tonight ducking ppl and their comments and actions I wish I could just disappear
ok bet
yes please
Recent stock purchases on WeSeed posted to Twitter: Archer Daniels Midland, New York Times, Starbucks and Google. What's in your portfolio?
A Cloud-Computing Gem in the Making
#ThingsMyBestfriendDo Makes me feel like I'm actually needed here.
I get excited about things from time to time. Thanks for sticking with me.
0273100581 is my tigo no, call me
I don't want this night to be over. but I want this song to be
Nice TA! ... straight out of #SuperCorp cc:
this is true! oh and , can you both check your messages so I can write my paper!!!
WKU may be down nearly 30 but their band is still chanting like It's one point game
#rosebowl Lets go Badgers!
Who needs church when you got big KRIT preachin!
Open-data a noble goal and more needs to be done but too many insane laws that prevent real progress.
RT : ESPN Central TX asked what ppl should not miss while in #Indy. So much to choose from, but & have to be...
#Indians Offensive and defense have been phenomenal today! Glad I was off work to be able to watch it.
This weekend is looking nice. #80's
#ff Fun people who follow the right baseball team:
hate living in the UK , you too far away ): , pleasee follow me <3 ! 2
We now enter the most boring week of talk radio...
Twitter is lame right now . :/
Damn he wore my body ou last night...
some might say that the journey is the destination. I hope they're right about that.
Seeing The Way Justin moved when preforming Boyfriend on The Voice was the best moment of my life. -Fangirling-
DT is dropping tweets- The last one referred to an unsolicited email sent by a customer recommending us to for an award. ;)
Getting ready for 10pm volleyball game...it's late, half the team can't make it and it's raining...should be fun
omg Austin in so sorry, I'm crying, I can't believe this....there is no words to explain how sad&sorry I am 4u
Ok good, when you get it I will send it out too.
drink er smoke haha
Health Insurance of Florida, Inc. is a full service brokerage firm, utilizing several major National and local Insurance providers to assist
Dylan's back!
I have decided to quit making music. That's it...I'm done.
There are rules to tweeting?! Apparently I shouldn't post a status update every second? What the hell am I on this for?
I'm one of Ray Drecker's newest clients on "Hung", HBO series. Ray Drecker is played by Thomas Jane.
Moving in 4 days. There's only one thing that makes me smile more than that. :)
considering they are in second in the east now and 8-1-1 in the last 10--I say it will be a good day tomorrow
Im suppose to be cleaning my room , but i keep getting distracted by the computer
Help me spread the word ;)
Miriam Makeba in the morning takes the edge off.
May life throw you a pleasant curve. - Play Alganon
Goin to `s house!
so am not the only one who thinks this lol
Tiger in 30th place at Sawgrass. The SportsCenter highlight package would make you believe he is in first
Thank you JP Cummins and Janney Montgomery Scott for sponsoring our program this morning.
yes - and child labor laws caused great depression. Think it's time for a "shit only candidates say with a straight face" meme
thanks so much for the #FF! Appreciated. Have a great weekend~~
Lakers fans should know its never an easy route. I was on edge all this week. lmao
so youre saying youre in? We'll see you at the pasture in a little over an hour.
Love the new site... sleek and clean. Keep bringing us that good stuff! :)
So ready to go to bed; can't find my alarm clock.
. Ah! Thanks for the tip. Messed up way to make a living. Will ignore them in future.
Thank you to all my fans in the Green Bay area, you are all so kind. I had a great time!
Say hi to them from me. ;)
thanks for follwoing
OK i love Princeton and i i will always love you (whitney Houston)
July 3rd seems too far away right now.
Fingers tired from typing, eyes tired of looking at a computer screen.
hey watch u guys every morning! Thx for following and see u in soon:-)
For sure. With the Horseman as well.
ask James or go tomorrow
Can't wait 4 "The Hunger Games" looks fantastic! How have u been? Mom came home 3/7 & we r back 2 normal.
Save the date: Sony's live E3 press conference is Monday, June 4th at 6PM PST.
let me have them! :-)
when are they gonna be on?
Just had the most high maintenance order at Frothy Monkey. It's becoming obvious that I'm from California. Decaf, soy, side of tofu... Wow.
I cant get this off my mind!!
Okay! I'll admit it .. I've been cheating on my diet 4 a few weeks now. Time 2 step my game up and go xtra hard!
Thanks, ! No Chex Mix tonight, but I've got a fantastic fried brussels sprouts and salmon pizza, inspired by
Do you fill last years souvenir glass?
We do too!
. thank you, dawg.
it is snowing like crazy in Fells Point. We are so snucked!
I can tell you right now Lebron will not get it. So just cheer for CP3 with me!
where is my follow Stephanie?
Bill, will Rockets move K. Martin in the right deal prior to the TDL? Seems like the 2 sides have lost interest...
first best thing is vitamin 'D' right? ;) lol
I just want 1 bad ass chick so I can spoil her for a lifetime...
thanks so much; recipe looks phenomenal! will try asap. am in the bay area right now-maybe will see you @ Ferry Building! :)
Happy birthday!!! #WeAreUK RT : Thanks for all the birthday wishes.
RT : Enter to win a YEAR SUPPLY of Perrys today at the newly remodeled #7-Eleven in #Lancaster (Broadway & Bowen). Stop by!
thanks for accepting my aggressive friendship command almost 3 years ago.
"BRANDED" Too Much Trouble .. Being released this August
i hate having the hiccups. when i have them they're always very violent and painful... #whatswrongwithme?
That they are at the White Marsh Mall RT : So many fashion faux pas in #WhiteMarshMall today #WhatArePeopleThinking ?
you've had a busy day?!
So who is going #onedaywothoutshoes tomorrow?
i think the bengals should and will draft mark barron with the release of crocker
#AfricanYoloMoment Eating Mud Pies When U Get Hungry
"The main reason people rain on your parade is because they have no parade of their own."
It's Friday! I'm so happy! Finally tomorrow I get to sleep in.
You're just like Monday, Nobody likes you.
Dumes day two days before my bday... Great
RT : Watch Jon Stewart tomorrow night. I will be the guest talking about The End of Illness!
Thinking about changing our band name to Queefer Sutherland. Your thoughts?
Fashion Week is upon us! Florals and sporty material/styles seem to be the thing....so many things to see, so little time! Woo hoo!!!
what kind of rock do you like?
got my new phone!!!
Spent the day looking at P.E.N. Intl's anti-censorship documents and the evening hearing Coetzee speak on S. African censorship. I ♥ my job.
My first period teacher does not like me at all, but I think it's funny cause I don't go to school for her to like me, I go for my education
congrats on your first win, in months...
They gonna talk about every app u can think about from games to entertainment to social networking to music to references to sex apps
i like angeles and pancakes
Omg your icon! *__* dead
now you're just somebody that I used to knwo
Just spoken: "If I could convince you long enough and hard enough, I could give it to you long enough and hard enough, butt..."
It's a beautiful day in Bloomington! We hope everyone is enjoying it!
Jacksonville CSS is looking for a Bookkeeper for a property management firm $13-$14 per hour
Back in the US... jet-lagged but happy!
Very sad news about Whitney Houston, just shows that talent cannot buy happiness. May she RIP.
Thanks for the follow I should buy stock in your company. I spend enough money there, lol. Best yogurt on the planet!
Watching . One of my favorite episodes.
why are my eyes open. they should be closed and my mind should be in my mansion polishing my diamond collection with Ryan Gosling by my side
Mourners remember Pearl officer killed in shootout
Reading some boring book in english...
#funnyasfuck after that outfit sandusky is regreting the wrong group of people-gays wouldnt have told on him
This time next year I will be a college graduate :) let the countdown begin..
hey cell me later so we can do something later on if you are not too busy. sharkey's maybe? we'll talk
Alright Alright Alright Go Bears in my Kevin Hart voice
You're Chicano Park bound!
asks : "Any B2B companies that do an interesting job in personalization?"
So glad to finally have Joe Mantegna and Paget Brewster from Criminal Minds here on the twitter board! Welcome aboard you two!
Making exceptions in hiring practices often come back to haunt you. Remember that your requirements are in place for a reason.
Lucky Haha I hate AZ where I live now but I will be coming to Philly on Friday
I swear I LIVE in Powerpoint any more.
hoping the US doesnt follow suit ....
Had a fun time at with #turandot and hosting #pressyourluck up on the jumbotron! Thanks to all who came out!!
I used to be excited for #college. And then I got here.
You just want to go to Australia....start lobbying now
Keep Desperate people out your circle.Those are the ones praying on your Downfall, Just so they can come up.
ok Mitch is up now. Let's see where this goes...
tomorrow i sit on a boat.
There should be a "This is boring" chant
Today is gonna be so much fun! :) excited to spend it with some of my favorites
Less Watkins frm Music Reports at #NARM2012 said: There r a lot of dead bodies at the majors. U point out problems and u get fired.
“We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.” - Joseph Campbell
I just filled up my gas tank and went to a movie and bought a large soda and popcorn; I spent roughly 7000 dollars.
Tomorrow's the Caring Heart Poker Run, get your poker face ready and have a great time while helping out our food basket program.
you hate the office? its so funny this season.
lol ok:) I got you! first thing saturday when I go shopping in the city im there lol
try some Rogue Maierfest.
We'll be glad to see you anytime! Thanks for the nice words.
Those of you voting in NC today MAKE SURE AMENDMENT 1 IS ON YOUR BALLOT There are reports of voters not getting proper ballots
Hi, We're just getting started!
mine is just capturing yours and mine right now!
Goodnight USA.. Good morning china lol(:
Photoshop- The new Crest Whitening Strips
Tweet the Silence! Pass it on.
im not...I try to keep up with everything but my views are all over. I can always find better conversation.
I Did Try Callinn
Buying phone covers is always a good time.
The two men (Gomez & Galvez) arrested in the Jordan Hickey murder will be arraigned today in Chula Vista. Dept. 12 at 1:30.
Im about to lose my shit if I see or hear the old navy commercial
DUMBASS, DESPERATE, LUNATIC-LEFTY CNN wastes 5 MINUTES !!! on stupid story about Romney ( 45 years ago )
I'm a loser. Im in a bunch of activities, im in: power of the pen, art club, student council, dance & more. :l who else is in clubs & etc. ?
yes it is hall pass lol you know the jacuzzi part. My mouth fell wide open like wtf.
Interesting how i cant get permits to play bocce, but people can camp out for months on public property..
Much love to for another GREAT #Pop-N-LockBeatMix!!!!! Don't forget to catch the #BootyBounce on Friday morning!
Do individual tickets go on sale at midnight tomorrow night?
thanks for the follow jason
Yep, if he's healthy Memphis has no answer.
is spinning LIVE in 2 minutes on www.radio4by4.com and www.danceradio.ca , DESTINATIONS w/ Kristian from Miami Beach....tune in!
Back in NY from what seems to be my 1000th trip to California.. Seats shrinking! Have to figure a way to go unconscious for six hours.
Tell me why morning radio sucks.
Funny thing about the 1st Amendment is we can voice our opinion, you don't have to like it, just respect each other's rights
Just heard Laura Bush at UNLV, amazing person & charming speaker
Aw, that's wonderful Rodney
I cant wait for tomorrow :)))))))) ive never been so excited to get older
Etsy changed the layout in our "sold orders" section, again! And now I feel like I'm staring at the page "Cross-eyed." LOL
Special thanks to ** ** for hosting the portfolio review on Saturday!
that's just the minimum if I'm gonna do it I'm gon do it right
Wow. RIP "All My Children" and "One Life to Live." I've learned so much and made so many friends working on both shows. Will miss :(
I'm on a editing deadline. Would be helpful if I knew how to edit.
Topic selection at
That was weird. Better early in the season than later, though.
I ask for food and your sitting there drinking saying in awhile ill take you. What's new.
Please let me win this lottery I will have no more complaints ever.
Hey, do you guys have any fundraising ideas?
Looks like are preparing for the 4th of July- fireworks going on now! We have the best view!!
#Adele's Grammy awards: Record and Song of the year & best pop solo performance & best pop vocal album. Congratulations to a GREAT ARTIST!
- I believe the password is libraries11
There was a reason I didn't pick Mizzou in my pool made up mostly of MU alumns. Half the brackets are already busted.
Taking today's scheduled REST seriously. Massage, nap, pizza & beer.
thanks for good news
Happy Monday to our newest fashionista followers
the word you are looking for is auchgezeichnet
What's happening?
Nature goes her own way and all that to us seems an exception is really according to order. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
RETWEET if you love
Elliott - Blue Storm
So what's the COOLEST guitar strap you have ever seen someone wearing? Tell us what you loved about it.
hey hill, you rock!! john
,I guess Peterson was able to beat Khan cuz of steriods right.
Let's get this party started.
about Rudy's...so depressing. I'm sad and glad at the same time that I'm not there to see the bitter end.
15hrs + 1 night stranded. RT : Who set the record for longest drive home from Vegas this weekend?? RT w ur time. Winner get ...
Dyme Def- Let It Be... YouTube it if you'd like.
Will Vikings go for LSU d-back?...hm
Thanks so much!
how's the family???
Smart shoppers choose Valu-Pass because it offers you tremendous savings on a wide range of shopping, dining and entertainment options.
my phone magically stopped working yesterday, dm or email me to get a hold, it kinda feels like the stone age
More things should be translated into Gallifreyan.
Totally just saw coworkers at the local bar smokin cigarettes. Oh
thanks for the recommendation, I like it.
Oops. Are we meant to?
One of the nicest things about life- the way we must regularly stop whatever it is we are doing and devote our attention to eating-Pavarotti
Find your peace and your joy today. Claim it and never let it go.
Its easy to spot a man from a boy. Things that boys say, men would neva let it touch their lips.
Walking sucks
A lot of purple in the stands. am I at a husky game
Just spoke about the need to focus on regional data and best practices at the Chesterfield planning commission!
what's his twitter?!
tuff tiff u a succa man lol
Yup! That's the one!
I love your imagines can you do more??:)
U gonna miss me when I'm gone
the website is really cool...saved it in my bookmarks!!!
Okay rumor says Slim dunkin was killed over a piece of Candy Please say it isn't TRUe
NYU and Emory: great models DH project intake: tiers of services (NYU) & # of projects + great feasibility assess. struct. (Emory)
by the way, I want my wedding gift back
Oh, sweet Geezer. I can't believe it's been 6 months since we had to say goodbye. Mommy misses you every day. You are not forgotten.
I'm already freaking out over two games. I can't imagine another 14 like this. At this rate we could draft Luck
you coming back to launch up some half court shots post game tonight?
all of over the city. Most likely places around Upper West Side
Every problem has incubated inside it a Solution. Face that problem to find the Solution and come out with a Testimony.
She's fab, isn't she? Glad you're enjoying it.
...love, cruelty, politics, greed, adventure, purity, competition. Dumas was responsible for many of my favorite flashlight reads.
you are awesome! Much hugs and love. Oh yeah, and happy day old birthday!
"Experts" eat crow RT : What's the biggest storyline from the NFL playoffs the last 2 days you'll be talking about tomorrow?
I'd be whoopin some ass, lil bastards haha parents have no control these days, my parents would whip my ass in the store
Carmelo will wake up from a deep sleep if he hears a bag rustling
Sorry to bother you. I figured it out.
#thankgod for friends don't know what I'd do without them.😃😃😃😃 RT if u feel the same way
#RelationshipsEndBecause Women are complicated
Hey, I like cats and stuff
I can't believe Austin is moving to Miami now its really impossible to meet him now :(
RT #ThatAwkwardMoment when you press harder on a remote-control when you know the battery is dead.
Do not give Luke a fastball.
But I love black people.
no no no and no. I stay on my side of the river.
I am growing increasingly tired of Tebow. is not helping at all.
Does songwriting get easier or harder as you get older?
'Cause I've got three little words that I've always been dying to tell you <3
I love you:)
Holy cow! Congratulations!! I've always been a fan of your tweets...
How to Get the Most Out of Your Pay Per Click Marketing Campaign
Maybe the last book could be Julio Cortazar's Hopscotch because it has no beginning and no end.
:) i know! i can't choose!
Never change your new twit pic. It's epic!!!
Dude, you can't tweet to pick up women. Also, if spelling 4 and 5 letter words challenges you, you shouldn't breed anyway.
another day in the bit mines. cc
A VERY Happy Wedding Week to you indeed! Congratulations, and thanks for sharing the celebrations w/ us @ Ryleigh's !
dodge city or u hall.
Im down RT pleasure was certainly all mine. You should check out my boy his tracks your lyrics
Peach Croc ! I'm Gone Shots out to my FAM CUZ I SEE YA !
Frances Rivetti's Sonoma Country Life blog talks about Sienna Antiques where my antique space is located! See my next tweet!
CLUB EXOTIC-Every thursday @ Lockland Bar & Grill-713 W Wyoming Ave/Lockland-Ft. Adult Entertainment, Drinks Specials, Full Kitchen $5 cover
Why is it I feel on FB I have to mind my p's & q's, but twitter is like a 24/7 party? And everyone's always drunk!
Yay! The Wisconsin guy made it on American Idol. This might give me a reason to watch this season now. Hmm...
NCIV is looking forward to hosting to get to know our office suite neighbors & partners in #citizendiplomacy!
does the cat have a say in the matter? She's so happy in her electric blanket box home :(
things i am so over: dating. wait, i guess that's only one thing.
Have I mentioned how much I love cover bands and ?
You know what, GREAT POINT! I stand corrected :))
National Ravioli Day! See you soon....
reply my text or I will to unfollow u :P♥
She On To Me "Runs with Vitamin Water"
Sounds amazing! Cheers!
And I can't sleep
Prelude NYC holds on at number one for favorite festival........
closed already today....soryy guy..but I am hanging wit right now
ohemgee! I think she'll get #guilty unfortunately
Derek elston is in the presence of me #winning dude is scary in person
great for consumption. Production takes a little more thought
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. A. A. Milne
Personal bootcamp starts tomorrow.
Listening to the Get Up Kids. Feeling 13 again.
I'm at a loss for words.
You get the hair supplies, I'll go get the phone book so we can make prank phone calls.
Eagles couldn't resist best player on their board. Took Curry, a one-trick pony pass rusher.
Yes, it reminds me of my childhood.. best period of my life.. memories, memories :')
Ooh, if these tech problems go on for 8 more minutes, I can get a #cstheday quest!
Keep us posted on the #MenloPark fire #hazmat - we'd love live pictures for our #LiveDesk 5-7AM.
#Salute The Morning Show
Oh when get of then or we can leave her ass don't make me no difference
“Why join the navy if you can be a pirate?” - Steve Jobs
Okay, Glad to hear you're doing well. It was mighty cold outside this AM walking the dogs, but seems 2 b warming up now.
I'm just trying to make Judy, BTL, and TT proud - you know how I roll ;)
Musical word of the day: a bene placito - up to the performer
I were to say I wouldn't let them win I'd say get out of America and find a better country that wouldn't let them win
#3WordsForYou please believe it
Overheard: Are we talking about Ryan Phillipe?
I'll bet the writing is real good too.
ppl asked me what i want for my birthday I said a pink stripe jacket flavored windows these regular windows not tasty lolz
So, the woman who was crying to Romney today was voting Republican because she didn't have a job or health care? WTF?
WTFYS ! This Nigga Worried About Gay Folks Being Able To Get Married & Shit When MFs Out Here Still Need Jobs !
#21CRadio tweet chat starts in 5 minutes!
I'm hurting. 😔 arms... Back..legs...everything. Help!!
The big #cincodemayo Festival at Waterfront Park kicks off today!
so do I n thanks
ok watch what i just put up about the lights and then watch
Must resist muffin temptation sitting right behind my desk...
nigga I never be on here anymore! U hot my number right? Why don't ya goofy ass be using it? Lol
Right back at-cha (at you).
Reception hall reserved, save the dates sent, about to book a DJ... this wedding of ours is coming together nicely
but then just this evening he went back to "alot". :( you really should follow him again.
welcome to the team!
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time
we won't stop inviting as just by chance it could work and you could chat - hope your #WW is a good one
So my gma was going off and I snuck up on her while her back was turned with 🌹's and a card when she turned around I said HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
thanku ;) much love~
yes. Right in the face
Florida hasn't much use for the imagination and leaves little to it.
: Are you asking me on a date? I accept. ;-) Well anywhoo, I went there only one time before, but it was great.
Just say I miss u
Getting a new mouse is like re-learning how to walk after a head injury. So long, 9-year-old #Logitech and clumsy USB receiver cable.
www.shopLuLuBella.com - new items just listed today!!
Invisible children truly has made a difference. thanks to them so many more people know about problems that are going on! show support <3
I'm like 95% sure that Ted said Robin wouldn't end up his wife. Plus, how did they have kids?
Same here. I have the saddest collection of half completed sketches in a moleskin somewhere.
good morning to you as well. Have a great day :)
I'm going to have to go with #JBboyfriend2 - ready to hear some new material!
We can make it happen. Esp if , , , & keep theirs, too.
Got a 89 on intermediate accounting test. Lost 10lbs in the 89 degree classroom.
so nice meeting you yesterday - sorry I had to dash. Look forward to staying in touch and finding a project to work on!
A web client sent me logo for her business made by a 'designer' friend. It looks like a first-grader did it in crayon, badly.
recording this wknd & good time to finish those songs that need finishing! also new balkan gypsy tango band in the works stay tuned::
barely made the cut off! Team f'in hungry racing will take gold!!!! Can't wait for July. Thanks you guys.
Why so quiet on twitter today??? Too busy choking down some crow???
i dont know man but i was kidding on the book thing
Morning altered: 88 year old neighbor called, needed me. Thought she was having stroke. I agreed upon seeing her. She's now at ER.
Epic roach battle. Lots of screams, one corpse. Linda: 1 Roach: 0 Me: Scared shitless.
RT : if Spurs had 60k stadium, they wouldnt cover half seats ----Big clubs get bigger venues. There's a reason Spurs still at WHL.
where can I peep the robotic love collection?
Thanks : I should be able to post the presentation slides next week and an audio recording of the session later in May
When a whole softball team at Yogolicious and strangers tells you that you have an awesome car >>>>
Watching Rangers/Flyers 24/7 too bad they wont meet in the ECF
- Well, it is a relationship if left unchanged or unchallenged will only perpetuate the misery that exists in Haiti.
I was expecting an x-ray of some cracked ribs broken orbital bones. Some Jon Jones, Kane in a LMS match kind of destruction
Thanks for all the Love (likes) only 4 more days to enter my giveaway!!!!
I want sushii!! Who wants to join
#stormcorrosion is strange and beautiful and challenges your perception of melodic music
- - - we most definitely have to hook some things up... p.s. yesterday was an unexpected surprise and pleasure...
so I grew up near Freedom HS, whats a favorite memory from Bethlehem, PA?
Man I am so ready for these Playoffs to start up!!! Let's hear some predictions! Who you think will win, and in how many games?! WHY?
See you next Saturday! Can't wait to hit Brio!
Hi Ari! :* have you seen or read The Hunger Games? If you haven't seen or read them DO IT!!! 💗
the Midwest welcomes you back :-)
Home alone... This sucks... Let's see, what to do... Oh wait, I have alcohol! Ok, Crisis averted. Anyone care to join me? #PartyAtMyPlace?
goddamn I want that sandwich again. Maybe in June.
Just that they be in "good academic standing."
he es mi distant robot cousin ;)
I told you i can rap if i try! Give me that neck, no self serve, family and friends....COME HERE RETRIEVE YOUR NECK!!!!
his face= priceless... <3
miss you too, can't wait till first period. Hopefully you have some stories
