I do not need him, will not keep him unless he is FLY! #10 STAR "LADY"
i dident feel like tweeting today
Most of the Scandewegian elderly people in MN are not very little. :)
Tomorrow is the last day for the ASID-OC Dream Home. Come see me!! 10a-5p at SoCo.
ily I'll keep tending !ily please follow me
Yeah, I'm on there. It's weird they have an event but not a group or a page, but I'm following the event.
I was like....what the hell? and then I realized you guys retweeted that. hahahahha. So funny.
There's been media hysteria about bedbugs lately, but I think that's overblown. Just be reasonably cautious.
This is the most disappointing game I have ever seen in any sport
I know right? I wasnt very happy bout that.
Hate national announcers calling my boys... "Miller isn't fast and can't jump but seems to get it done" yeah
Eating never felt so god!
yep RT : mHealth helps create online communities where patients can discuss treatment - including what they pay for it.
instapaper and jamie's recipes :)
Let's get this party started
All carbohydrates are sugar. A bowl of oatmeal is a bowl of sugar no matter what you add to it.
Hopping in the showers.
Selfish doesn't look good on anyone..... Especially someone prone to asking for favors!
Dad just went to the E.R. Thinks he may be having a heart attack :/ Great..
ITS 11:11 MAKE A WISH AND SAY I HOPE YOU COME TRUE!!
Mr stephen is looking for mr.
happy bday! So many in November... Hope you're day is great!
thank you!
Revenge? Nah, I don't got time for it. I'm just gonna sit here and let karma fuck you up.
Thanks for the #follows!
please give me catching fire juls :( i wanna read it give it to me tomorrow or thursday!
Good Luck tonight Kaner
yeah- i had LAC in 7 games over Memphis. Who knows, but Chris Paul is hard to bet against. He wants to win bad
RT - I've been seeing lots of #Jacksonville #Jaguars lately! Born and raised! Go Jags!
Dr. Jansens office is hiring someone for Tuesday Thursday and some Saturday's idk if that is appealing to you lol
you could always buy some tickets and give them to friends. HF-Twestival tickets make a wonderful gift.
Wyd? im bored.
My mom is having hip surgery today. Hoping everything goes well.
Join us! It's an insanely comprehensive class :) Plus...we use a wood-fired oven.
Fowl, perhaps. We do what we can.
ok now im PISSED TF OFF .. THESE MFS USED MY CIGARELLO FOR THEY WEED N DIDNT EVEN LET ME HIT SHXT!
sucks, a lot of talent there, enough suffering for royals fans
Miami nightlife=FUN!
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
it's always you -.-
RT : & "host" takin over THE REPUBLIC Sat 4/14..314 N College St (Uptown Charlotte)
Apparently champagne and tornadoes go EXTREMELY well together...
so is charlie sheen done fixing your window?
Last nights shoot was long and tiring but Awesome fun and full of skin and booties!!! You girls did a great job!
CandySwipe is one of the top 50 casual games in the android market!
Let's do it.
So, my sister is flying down tomorrow for my grandmother's graveside. I was in CA last week so I'm not. I just feel down today.
Trying hard not to think about how hateful some feeds must look right now.
Are you going to sic your legion of bots on people? XD
Maybe it's time for #Brewers start talking with Lucroy about a second contract extension.
I love you :[
Money for sure, hankie, secret notes... :)
I kinda like Katy Perry.
A student or lover of archery is called a toxophilite.
Sex trivia at 9 tonight! Great prizes from and the stranger. Don't miss it.
I just checked-in at Mothers Against Drunk Driving in MyTown2.
// mission accomplished. Twice. And chatting soon. Don't be jealous. :)
lol I don't know what girls you be talking to lol
#newspaces4learning I miss you guys!
I added 171 followers in a week by tweeting. Thanks to all who follow me, I will follow you back.
be sure to follow back
Simon Tanner's papers on digital imaging costs (now 5 years old or so) are our baseline, not yet superseded (!)
did u get the email
you deserve to win!!
The type on this page is too tiny to read! Can't increase it. Please make the text more accessible.
Prayers go out to the family of the young boy killed by the train today. It's sad to see his classmates' reactions to his death.
Haha...it's all good bro...have made respect for D. Rose!
Nice! RT picking up lunch for the Birthday Girl, the hubby and of course myself...
Skip the sports and being on the new shows.
don't be jealous, t.
The rest..well, how can I be sure it's right for you..or everyone. I can't. And I amn't. ;-)
Far from a "YES MAN" ..Nah Bitch Not Me!
Even the suggestion might make my wife leave me. I'm gonna go ahead and say "maybe".
I said I thougth u were b n faithful.
chillin man! Doing this work stuff. What's good with you?
wishes we had nyquil in pills instead of liquid..
Happy #FF Thanks 4 the mentions!
im prob a directionator too.... but oh yeah im nicole's friend.. in case u wanted to know
feel like crying.
Yes they do. They believe with everything they've got.
just retweet who you think will be the champion
yes, they're opening at 30 e Chicago on thursday. Went to the preview night.
That's our kind of story!
"Let's get weird! Let's get weird! Let's get weird!" Wait... I thought we were chanting let's get weird?
Unity!!! RT What a game! Tough to see a loser in a game like this. Well fought by both
I love you more!
Why did Jamie Lynn Sigler audition for the role of Meadow on the Sopranos? Because she thought the show was about singing.
Working on #iSummit2012 presentations, getting very excited!
There are these gold snake necklaces in the museum shop and I want to put them in my hair and run around yelling "Medusa, bitches."
more like real life Natty Boh.
and of course she is a libra. The essence of that sign. She touches my soul with an undiscribable softness
nice video bro! What instrument do you play??
That's what's up, man. And for god's sake let me know next time you're in the mid-atlantic so we can have some beers.
Yea, she just had a little cough attack but she's fine now.
And it's been a while, but I still feel the same.
love u Vic-y :{D hope u read my Letter
How did you get so many followers?
Today's message: "Taking the Baton" Acts 6:8-15
Like i love you
My bother & I gave our Mom 2 tix to see Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis & Liza Minnelli in Miami!
She's got spunk! MT ": "I'm sry, I thought I articulated very clearly that we don't discuss facts of the case." Whoa Angela Corey.
Even if you purchase a relatively inexpensive gift for
Did you say something? RT : We invest 5 times more in research on penis enlargement and breast size increase than in Alzheimer's.
Like a bau5
Everyone makes mistakes & then some people abuse the privilege
proud of you buddy
Thanks for the retweet =)
Registered users can now easily invite friends - look for the link on the new 'My Account' panel!
The question that now constantly plagues me: how much of what I'm now seeing is the product of the filter bubble?
I can't remember a season where 2 goalies on same team were as dominate as Elliott and Halak have been for #Blues this year.
hey everyone
checking on this.
your asses? yeah im finna beat that! :b rt ": Hey Julie mind yo binnes lmao x) I love you x)"
pandawinks is now on twitter! visit facebook.com/pandawinksdiapercakery for some awesome baby gifts and to find out what we're all about!
Found an awesome apartment in East Hyde Park today!
“: “: Stadium bill passes MN House. See you tomorrow!” There it is. 73-58.” - YES! Go #Vikings!
take him home cause you really need another dog
thanks For being at there is an aura of the presence of God about you
casting on? Yeah. And will do it to 10inches. So more of a tight snood :) It'll be the winter fashion accessory to have.
Omg finale :( freaking and are meant to be I DON'T WANT TO WAIT TILL NEXT SEASON :,(
Had a great time!!!
Girls that work at american apparel..
After that tweet I went out and bought one and I don't even have an iPhone. I'll buy the champagne.
I will yell to you!
i wish there was a button i could click on Google Analytics to go check my new tracking code. Sadly there is no button
is beautiful. tweet me if u agree
And I am supposed to be the freaky one?? LOL
Auditioning for commercials is a unique art form. We convey a strong expression, reaction, or emotion in seconds...wait...like Twitter.
Why I can't work on my novel at work: Just now had to google the spelling of fellatio. That would be a tough one to explain to HR.
watch out for flying axes.
Help save the Mountain gorilla's of the Congo. SIgn petition site
YOU'VE NEVER TWEETED US BEFORE. this should change(:
Tell ALL your female friends that i can get 100 tampons for $1 .. No Strings attached ..but for a limited period ONLY! ..A bloody good deal!
Looking for my Doctor!!!! - Elizabeth Russo-Stringer - Best Dr. I've had of any specialty. Knowledgable, unhurried, personable care.
Wearing my community activist hat tonight at the DC ward 7 community dinner.
I have the best nurse ever. Caught some stomach bug, food poisoning? And is taking care of me.
whats this mafia family i keep getting added to?
Colorado just scored 2 goals in the first. Its like taking candy from a baby.
Alex Arzu will be showing some pieces at a benefit art show tomorrow Nov. 22 at Zanzibar 5pm-9pm.
well hm :)
it's easy to find yo heart.
Chillen with the bros and chicks, kickin' it with the dog for now singing those love songs
A king with no crown
thanks, hope you're V-Day was a special one.
Grim grinning ghosts come out to socialize 👻👻👻
Evidence is where? Rooney has carried them pretty much most of the season. Hernandez has been awful and Welbeck patchy.
Fabulous! I wasn't clicking high enough. Thank you!
Hope you're having a lovely birthday!
rain is your friend. Haha. Moving was sad :( I miss you! Going to Europe in a month. Can't believe it's summer.
Most people cheat because they're paying more attention to what they're missing, rather than what they have.
I went kayaking for the first time today.. On my way back,i fell in the midde of the river. Scared me so much. :O
Love it (starting w/ NF and moving to Historical Fic)
#Redsox 100th anniversary game at #Fenway. Follow us & share your pics from #Fenway!
I'll DM you the user and password
no. 7 sub! is it lunchtime yet?
there is no room in the game for hitting people. Harper has done nothing wrong. If hamels didn't like him, strike him out
when are you getting crowned miss tennessee?
I think we've forgotten what the streets sound like. A quick walk without headphones to listen can be really nice to help remember. :)
My head even feels sunburned.
RT : Meeting my friends in half an hour for the last time for the foreseeable future. We're gonna make it count.
w/ the few people i need in life :) <3
SWAG SHE WANTS A GENTLEMEN
I'm sorry that my tweet was the Genesis of this line of conversation
Summer with out football , is like a lamp with out a light bulb
o....well then..ill accept a welcoming party of one lol
Congrats to Corps Member of the year Mike Bremer! Thank you for your service!
hey you better not talk about bella tht way i am here biggest fan and if you say one more thing about her im going to hunt u dwn
what is?
since you seem a lil more grounded in the music industry you got any tips/suggestions for me?
i totally just tweet about this! said wish i was on the coast :)
haha lol, you aren't german? its funny to read that, when i'm german, haha :D
“: I know you as the Old Navy Cowboy :P” ha I guess I can take that too.
yeah I was slackin
House Of Blues tonight was fun. Some good raggae bands!
Augustana has just been added to open for Jack's Mannequin on August 26! We hope you dig that as much as we do.
#MikeWoodson Is A Solid Coach And He Should Keep The Job If No Phil But No Team In The NBA Will Turn Down The Greatest Coach In NBA History
thanks for the full disclosure! :)
Hi there! Just sent over an inquiry to your site re: site design! Look forward to hearing from you!
And by the way there's only 32 days until Chicago for those of you who are going (like me)! Is anyone going to any different dates? -Caitlin
because besides montana I'm the only one.
Several client events coming up for the month of July. More to come later.
hows the new J Oh B goin?
Ready to shamrock the people of North Beach for St. Patrick's Day.
re-framing: Justice requires blood to be spilled.
: May jobs increase,, poverty and hunger decrease, and may teabaggers finally understand the Constitution they claim to love.
using ems feels pedantic to me. It's much more clear and maintainable to use pixels.
#rockstarteacher never attends professional development without trashing the room afterward because he can.
Where are you staying?
It's cliche to talk about the great weather out here, but somedays it's so nice out the sunshine makes your heart feel a little bigger.
Did u c last night's with ? He showcased the most memorable spots of the summer. Look for it at todaystmj4.com.
“: Yoooo...my summer is gonna be so dope!!!!” Yeap!!!
I wish I had someone to cook for :(
Watching videos haha i love them <33
Were you with the ladies wearing tiaras today?!?
Wait until 2016. If it's an open race on the R side, every major contender and VP possibility will be from the class of 2010.
Missing someone this much really stinks!!!!
hahaha i'm so excited for it! hope this intermission goes quick!
i love my boyfriend :)
Thx, Jim! Outlook 2003 is pretty ugly! RT : 1. Don't throw the PC out the window. 2. Do take a deep breath
how bout Missy Elliott's "The Rain"???
You ain't never too pretty to get shitted on....
It's true. I've shared a meal w/ her. RT : well, , , and also know I exist.
love you joy!!!
Thank you for forwarding comments about the gold line.
well tell me what everything is! my tummy is living vicariously through yours hahah :) yes i feel so much better now im rested
My generations attachment parenting was when my mom hit me on the head with the 18 inch long metal serving spoon attached to her hand.
on the air! listen in to the Brenna & Brenna Law Forum on ! Listener Tribute Show with Giveaways! Call in!
I got my wings young, so I tend to fly.
thx - always great to have you!
Have you used ? DM us for some exciting news!
THE LAST JERSEY SHORE TONITE @ 10
Awww! Thannnkkks! Your so sweet! You are to! <3 (:
I did! i read your text message, and i'm going WTH was that. haha
RT : A2: ..."text a friend or parent" (outside of school) a question about something we are learning. wonderful responses
If you want tickets to the Tejano Music Awards and your in Las Vegas stop by my booth 's on the strip! Ask for the TMA.
try it now
Forget boston,forget the celchicks
Excited for #RHOC - I went to college with the new housewife!!!
Heyy Alexis :), long time now talk, i miss you sis!! <33
my team sorry? You must not know them they had to learn a new offense and get use to the new coach and we lost our 6th man
Harden over Terry in the 4th!!! #sctop10 I dare you not to put that on there!
Never understood why ppl lie on twitter o_0
Rob compared his hatred toward the Rangers to mine toward Dennis.
Wow. Haven't "tweeted" in ages. Might have to start up again.
Ready to RAWK. Hope our performance goes well today.
queues Whitney's "I have Nothing" South Africa performance (1994) in QT class & : "want to dim the lights?" Yes.
Regarde-ci! RT french macarons, sorbet, mousse, cakes, buttercream…i will put st germain in just about anything
Yes! I hope you can make it! It's been way too long since I've seen you!!!
Thanks. He's came by to cheer up the kids not long ago.
They keep saying the right person will come along. I think mine was hit by a truck…
So is coming out strong for marriage equality? What is his position?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A person can not be court-ordered to pay more than 50% of their total net monthly income in child support.
Wow it's getting late, needed to package a few more prints but maybe I can do that tomorrow. Need to finish new video soon as well.
comforting huh?
sure that would be so cool!!!
homework, videos, eating ya know!! Going to bed now though!!!
i think I'm just gonna wear a band tee tomorrow. oh well ppl already don't like me no one to impress
chocolate covered bacon ask for debbie
Just showed that research methods mid-term who's boss
haha u gonna be in Lubbock this weekend?1
I'm only on kettle bell swings right now (35 lbs), where would you say a tall person with athletic background should go next?
mrs.allen dump me :(
A principle cause for closing the accnt: a blogger deceived us into naming one of our own who then sadly lost her job interview at
It's Samuel From FB Hi
RT : This is way too much salad.
Here i am expecting just a little bit to much from the wounded.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.-Mark Twain
Went with yes! On my way with
CONSTITUTION OF THE STATE OF IDAHO ARTICLE VI SECTION 1. SECRET BALLOT GUARANTEED... An absolutely secret ballot is hereby guaranteed...
Nothing is more beautiful then a smile that has struggled through tears
You would get to watch big-time football, of course :)
woot! When do you guys open your beta service again?
I love the fight in you man, we need that in Milwaukee, we haven't had it here in a long time
ill talk to cindy
not cool
#Dolphins must have saved money on scouting. Taking their second guy out of the U. Some had Lamar Miller as second-best RB
you souls be out partying. Let's schedule a day out
sorry,by no means was I implying twitter whoredom. Just know how much fun you are. Surprised anything would offend u.
when you get out here you should bring & out here for a night on the town ;)
aren't we all! All day. Everyday.
Thanks for stopping in, we're so glad you enjoyed! :)
#ForeverYoung cannot be contained. Learn to accept us before you are #forced to!
rapping about good things would be too easy
Who's up for winning a free lg pizza today? Just RT this & tell us something u wanna do this fall. Winner randomly picked at 5.
RRT : What if low-performing students were given"double-block"#artsed to foster a love of learning and spark curiosity?
I'm a crazy hockey addict here! Been an #AHL season ticket holder for going on three years and had #ECHL before that!
please follow me? It would mean the world! <3
Charles Village and Hamilton are my favorite neighborhoods. CV is great for renting, Hamilton for buying.
‘True Blood’ author sells mystery book series to Syfy
we all know what can happen when authorities are just "following orders," that's how heinous crimes are able to be committed
Preparing to tell the Kiwanis staff all about the and associations! and how they can find our missing alumni!
But average gas prices are still above $4/gallon in Alaska, California, Connecticut, DC, Hawaii, Illinois, New York, Oregon and Washington.
No, no I didn't just order the Patman Family Sweet Valley High saga on PaperBack Swap. Why do you ask?
Yessir. 3:05 p.m. on any ESPN Radio station in the state of Arkansas.
Liberty was the theme that the Patriots fought by in the Revolutionary War and their victory slogan became One nation under God
Omg rockys drool all over me while he's sleeping lol
That was the last straw...This is one bridge u really should't have burned.
so how was your MRI? When I got mine done, it was possibly the noisiest, most annoying machine ever. Ever.
Ghetto language: Bathroom = Baafrumm. Refrigerator = Fridgerataa. Remote control = Moken troll.
okay i'll add you, whats your name on facebook?
I love that what kids want to talk about -- whether in the United States or #Zimbabwe -- is
We have outstanding deals on toys for children of all age dont miss out! Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Out of the gates running
grand opening tonight! Come in and see me 1224 w webster
Midnight City > Man City
PhotoTip: Why tell yourself that you can fix it in PS later, when the right lighting and settings, almost always produce the best results :)
LOL YES hahahaha oh man that guy gets weirder every day
playing with peeps in the library.
RT I'm realizing I need someone who makes damn good traditional martinis to school me & taste test. Takers?
Kool-Aid is the potion lmao
Are you already hip to Grace Potter & The Nocturnals? Kate Walsh? or Missy Higgins? Not sure what your mood is right now.
What'cha up to?
If you run close to the storage threshold on your storage server, Cameras will automatically drop video signals.
& u can't smell me neither hoe , how u do dat
isn't that twitter ?
aka the Antichrist...because throw pillows
Loving FireShot's features for higher res website screen shots!
he taught me how to spin so I haven't been playing long but seeing other talented female DJs is inspiring :)
#Np All we do- Young Jeezy
Hm, Jack and lemonade volleyball night? I think so!
RT ah, yeah! House of Motion Stand Up! Travel day to Nashville to shoot a video with Miss LaLa Deaton & her crue...
You can have everything you want in life. Just help enough other people to get what they want and it will be so.
Do you truly love your best friend? Walk them!
pretty sure it's "correx"
My tummy hurts
RT : wow, I thought for sure you were following me. No bueno LoL I'm following Homie!! What's good?!
is so funny, kind, and humble... God, I love that guy #Idol. He deserves to win this.
can't lie, that doesn't turn me on at all. i would probably just feel bad watching that
....what language?
Very cool getting to talk to Doug and Tate of Can't wait to watch them play tonight!
This Tami character got the ladies on my TL ready to fight
Just watched #gamechange! Gained a whole new respect for #johnmcain and lost even more for
sure u did
Had fun sitting around the fire with everyone tonight. I needed that :)
owwww dog smashed into my face as i picked her up cuz of NO BIEBS CONCERTS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Today is a reggae day
Scheer: Big media complicity in financial meltdown and Iraq war
I've been doing great. Haven't heard from you either. I'll be down there at the end of the month.
shame. let me know if you make it.
i knew it
I got blasted by and during our sparring session today. A few shots like that and I'll be eating out of an IV.
happy mothers day mama's!
Dont ask me to do shit wen the game on.... it might not get done lol
Definitely must-listen radio tomorrow!
I have no dignity.
****STIMULUS PACKAGE***** NO COVER ALL NIGHT OPEN BAR FROM 10-11PM FREE SHOTS EVERY HOUR ON THE HOUR
Happy Veterans Day!
Thanks! Using Pinterest for practice management is novel, but we like it. :) Have a great weekend!
You always gotta be the bigger person even if it's the hardest thing you'll ever do
RT Dig a broad shallow hole, remove all tags & twine, make sure not to plant too deep, straighten the tree, mulch & water..
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our June 13-15 Annual Users Conference!
oh fuck I forgot lol um 1304? Yea I think it's 1304.
Did you know.. That Puerh tea can be aged for 30+ years, and quality Puerh increases in value as it ages. Some were sold for $8000 per lb.
Lol @ a few things right now its funny how some things work out sometimes
😁 Not that you'd let me change the channel.
Today's society doesn't built or compose any1 it decomposes u like rotten eggs so dont be miseducated like the title LP of Lauryn Hill
I love working on rainy days. It boosts my creativity for some odd reason.
Jose Villa, and old masters such as Ralph Gibson, Mary Ellen Mark, Elliott Erwitt, Annie Leibovitz, David Burnett...
Night made. Thanks :D
OMG I KNOW. Like did she mean him? How does she know about him? lol
The best contraceptive is a glass of cold water: not before or after, but instead.
Great 48 hrs. Topped it off with a wonderful night with & a trip to the #teenwolf set! Super cool. I envy their lighting...
I do follow and I do love Firefly.
I could really use a citation on that India/universities stat. Been looking online & can't find the same numbers
Grateful & happy af to have a certain person in my life. So giving & beyond special, I have some of the best memories in their company.
You know you live in the ghetto when theres crime scene tape
#OWIF: Oh, he's planning to do the worm. His posse is high fiving him. Crap, this Merchant Marine may be a ringer.
Where is that? (Rockefeller Park)
is making #cocktails at the LVMS getting ready for #NASCAR!!
wahoo! Can't wait to toast to your good health and continued nerdery next Thurs!
agreed !!! Thank goodness tomorrow is a day off!
Kinda up set..
Give generously to them and do so without a grudging heart; then because of this the LORD your God will bless you in all your work- Deut. 15
ok, lol... try now
#Lt I dont remember accepting that or even typing that. Smh i swear facebook yo!!!!!!!!
this is cassidy... and excuse me?!
heard petty's 'learning to fly' while on hold twice in one day... bought song on itunes...
About to see "Dark Shadows"
RT : Watching Dr. Drews "How to avoid getting played" episode. Taking note.
RT "Thanks to the 59,000+ new Hyundai owners in July...about a third getting 40-mpg, like the 2012 Accent." -jfk
Please follow (:
You're in luck: not sure I still have the Word file, but (shockingly) just found the hard copy!
The placement of a donkey's eyes in its head enables it to see all 4 feet at all times.
what a week. can't wait to climb in bed and forget this week ever happened yall
paddle boat?
Small updates in your kitchen make a world of difference. Change fixtures, handles, mirrors, etc. and you have a new room!
Don't be too hard on yourself. It is the best of 2 that counts, and next time you'll have a much better idea what to expect.
Sent. Thanks again.
If I ever run out of peanut butter in my dorm I'm probably going to have to resort to cannibalism
nice in ma fab voice
Grand slam one day, web gem the next. Edwin Maysonet.
Catch you at next #SMBLA :?
So sadly true, on both counts
or even better: sangria and mojitos! wants some too!
Just a thought watchin #espn when does steve strickers name show up as notables not on leader boatd irritating
want. want. want.
I love the Thunder, but the mandatory blue crowd t-shirts and the mindless "Beat LA" chants are tired.
": Saw & last night!! Hope yall liked my man voice I had goin on. Haha" It was sexy Mama!
If that is the case, then perhaps try removing your bit.ly account and then switching to another service, then re-add bit.ly API
Jim Perry ftw!
I hope you don't have to travel many hills in the morning with the snow! Nothing like a good spring snow hit!
My new Short Film "Save Your Tears" is soon in production!!! Yay!
Movie night with the fam:)
My boys goin off.
Fuck Cheers, Marry The Simpsons, Seinfeld wants killing.
Live life to the fullest, even when last night you had a knot of stress in your gut
I work out so that I can drink wine without guilt.
Yay all my girls have joined me on Twitter! I'm so excited I feel like flipping someone! : )
I love Victoria's Secret.
It's David Fincher's The Social Network
Is Ryan Lindley of #sdsu an NFL prospect?
I refuse to be ashamed of my state and the 40% of its citizens who voted not to enshrine limitations of rights into the constitution.
I do not like it at al!
Sometimes I like to just say "You Go Girl" no reason, it's just empowering
how's your day going?
can't wait to get this game started!
all i wanted today was to smoke some weed to make my shitty day a little bit better. glad my friends actually called me to hang out.
Where's my Minnesota Pump n Run peeps at?
is that clays...?
Come brunch with us on Easter. Regular menu and breakfast all day, plus holiday specials and pastries.
PHIL!!! He's 8 under. Tomorrow we're gonna win #themasters. Gah I love that man.
mob wives is amazing!!! You're awesome Karen
Spaghetti Feed and auction tomorrow at Sonrise....everybody come!
Barcelona is losing :(
Alyssa McCloud: "spatial understanding of literature"
So the big announcement was that there's gonna be an announcement on Wednesday? Oh, you guys are cruel! ;)
I love how great you look here! So sweet. You need to get an instagram and let me be your 1st follower/and your first follow!
RT : Every Thief...Loses Far More Than He Ever Steals.
Why is "I hate my face" trending? People need to be fucking confident. Well, unless they're actually ugly as hell.
Trust in God in the midst of trouble and His Peace will flourish.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE ONE OF THEM LEAVE ME THE HELL ALONE RANTZ LLS.....
Thank-you dor the follow. Iam returning the favor!
sorry I was cleaning :)
You know the have 'arrived' when they get some pub on Looking good, !
you too! And i'll be partying for new years :)
Yikes, Jordan Hill....
I don't even know what to think about today
No time 2 fuss with dessert? Pumpkin & Cinnamon Apple cupcakes are great 4 Thanksgiving
Sh*t i failed my chem test D- lets just say moles & tritrations are my thing.
It's not my fault your PMSing, bitch.
was it because we have a dumbass,lying fraud running the country?
Everyone keep in your thoughts and prayers today as he undergoes surgery! Strongest kid I know.
your feet hate you for tucking in your sheets
Hah. Made my night.
Wow going to game 7
Thanks for the mention!
My foot's asleep. again..
...so what if we like to wear jeggings
today i walked into cf and did 100 burpees for time. wow, that sucked. then i did the actual wod, "tabata this" total score: 42
Congrats!! I knew you'd end up a rockstar!! Still need to do sushi and catch up!
What's your life about, enlighten me! Is you gon' live on your knees or die on your feet?!
all it is, is the words I'm alive I'm dreaming. Its not his face or anything. That would be stupid
wonderful lighting!
Beautiful day in NYC today super sunny and clear blue skies
They're finally gonna prosecute that asshole.
ur voice is nice. Great tone.
I think your account may have been compromised. Sending spam DMs.
My girlfriend just randomly calls me, call drops or something then she dont text me again after. Tf.
thank you and sorry for delay.
Live on your android on tune in radio RADIO
what kind? Minute Maid Cherry Limeade is pretty good
Show 2 at GCT. Keep them laughing
#us gross debt at a ratio of 96% of
Okay, and don't worry about the sun screen i forgot it
If you live in that mindset where money is power/MOB/ money is the motivation. I can't have you in my life... money is just paper to me
If the afterlife doesn't include vast amounts of hummus then something has gone terribly wrong
ACTUALLY, i gave you boobs. <3
Goodnight Twitter! Work at 7am ☹
God helps us al....
Second day in a row I've asked IWJ to work from home because the roads in Chicago are still not clear.
That video was basically make or break for your day.
Using these authors for the primary readings: Jeff Chang, Wayne Au, , , Bronwen Low, & David Stovall
We'd do the pod thing where you pack up the cubes yourself, but we don't have a driveway or parking for that.
holy shit. that's a lot of $ for a pool
Before you judge, Act.Before you speak, Listen. Before you hate,Love. Before you write, Think. Before you pray, Forgive.Before you quit,Try.
That's what I've always taken "you will get touched" to mean. If I'm wrong, just set me straight.
22 days of school left. I can do it.
Just called and spoke with Alisha, super nice. Looking forward to seeing what we can do together to make me feel better again
It's even harder to get and to follow me then it is !! Lol😊😊😊😊
Cool! Sometimes people are pretty nice.
what can I say!
Barnett: My daughter was in a Seminar class with 15 kids. As a parent, great. As a board mbr, we can't afford that.
We're definitely eating at the greatest sushi spot in the world!
what do u call a stripper with no arms on a pole? A CONCUSSION LOL
Thanks for the FF, Richard!
Come say hi at UNMC College of Public Health booth! And pick up a hand sanitizer!
Where was the issue? I always get red-lighted at 4 consecutive intersections downtown.
Anyone available to day to take me to look @ cars???
Do you have your own Youtube channel? You could be famous too! As pets all over world share vids!
Ppl at clark crazy lmao
too good not to share with co-workers and friends... thanks for saving me a blog post! :-)
#Money Team.. But Can't Take Shit From Cotto He Fought His Ass Off... Top 3 Fighters I Fuck Wit It Now.. Mayweather , Cotto , Broner
I went where they say I COULDN'T & did what they say I SHOULDN'T!
just listened really like up up up!! gracias!
Great crew! RT : Excited to be partner w/ & on We're going internat'l baby!
- Man! I almost went to that!
Confirmed, Mark from the Real World works out at my gym.
Damn bro I was obsessed with Akon in elementary
(What Spongebob once said) "What color is my underwear?!" -slaps- xD
Food Fact of the Day: March 10, 1955 Aaron 'Bunny' Lapin received a patent for Reddi-Wip . On March 11th. a teen did the first Wippet
don't forget cute little Myles!
Been running in NB MT101 for the past few months. So far so good. I'm interested in trying the new Minimus MT20.
OC is always least popular guy in town. Pick, dropped TD and missed FG in 4th quarter of AFC Championship.
Dream in color.....
listening to new album all day. and eating.
thanks bro, Merry Christmas! Wish I could make it out to your gig tonight, one Sunday Joanne & I will fo sho.
Just put "Where Have All the Merrymakers Gone" on my iPhone.
Told he was Tha man and he said thanks man! This is a beginning of a great friendship haha
"Cynics always say no. But saying yes begins things. Saying yes is how things grow." Stephen Colbert
" High Hopes & Heartbreak" is my vote. :)
By medicine life may be prolonged, yet death will seize the doctor too. William Shakespeare
So glad I'm off today and got to hear the Beachbody National Coach Call! I feel great! This is my time!
ANNOYED! Just because my hair is in a braid doesn't mean I am going to watch the #HungerGames or that I am trying to be like
What is the difference between a blog and an article?
I thought Delphine K's Project Management workshop would be my least favorite but it was the most useful!!
Small wonder Wilbon's co-hosting - he out-douchebags LeBron. Nicely played, follically-challenged friend.
#SDSummit it always comes back to
During dental-chair marathon, watched Jobs whip Apple developers into frenzy over iphone4. Distracted from drilling.
Friday Night is alright!!! Come on Down! Jimmy is at the bar!!
Im alive on the inside...somewere
Headaches: temporal headache
Sorry to everyone I never replied to or never followed back! Just been busy.
I just saw a guy picking up road kill. Uhm. Wtf are you doing with that sir?
lol well it dnt hurt all tht bad, it jst bother the muscle a lil bit
Just don't come crying to me when they click their heels and are back in Kansas....
Uprise Festival featuring Skillet, Newsboys, David Crowder Band...main stage...we will be there with our partners in production JSL 9/16&17
# in text = win
Is your place ok?
What a great game boys!
In mid july 1990 something, Mad Jack was feeling his freedom. It was hotter than almost hell and the other convicts were in a pissy mood
I'm still gad I'm not into gaming at all.
ME!!!!! follow me back please i have been watching your videos since the beginning pleasee follow me
Ok y'all in a few hours, it's on! 500 people, 500 red umbrellas marching through #treme to challenge #HIV #AIDS in
Don't worry it's normal your not the first one and to imagine I was there through all that it feels like a dream!
": Who's watchin Glee! Tune n East Coast" Watchin'! Go NeNe!!
I saw an albino polar bear once..
Success is all I Desire!!!
I can't stand my group right now
Need a “g” word for Thursday’s poetry prompt. Gee, I’m low on inspiration and caffeine. Must improve both situations.
the cribbo out in the colony bro bro.
It's a long "o", tyvm RT : Going with #MobPriv. Which sounds like the bathroom reserved for members of the Mafia...
On my way to #fbfORL - can wait to learn new tricks and meet new foodies!!
from now on, art historians are not allowed to use "picturing" or "illuminating" in book titles.
I went to last night for drinks. Luke wasn't kidding. They have a great selection of beer on tap!
following the game I found myself sad for 1 person Maddie van lou. Great kid heart of a lion. She should be out there.
are those going to be broadcast in the US? I wanna see city & colour
I want adventure in my life, but in the mean time - party in the USA
and more 1960’s stop “The incarceration of the black man by the white man for selling drugs to the white man's children (s)”
whatchu talking bout Soya? I totally sent you a thingy on tumbler.
I love it...u are like the Star Trek virgin...who will let us see the the series through virgin eyes
depends on if it was cuz of a bad call.
RT : Death toll in #Bahrain uprising may be as high as 70. On per capita basis, that's the equivalent of 11200 ppl in Egypt:...
So, anyone know where I can find matcha powder (i.e., green tea powder?). Need to make a green tea buttercream tomorrow.
tequila will kill it though! Right?
Here's my number, so call me maybe <3
word...well shit let me know..you already know you got a place to stay
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
well that's no surprise
Dinner with the boyfriend's family for his mother birthday! It will be fun :)
Hey guys. I need a new fridge. Which brand should I go with? I'm considering GE and Samsung. Any suggestions?
go to your privacy settings and set your inbox to not receive messages.
okay :) just let me know so I can ask !
Finally got around to messing with my Instagram today. A Jimmy Fallon Thank You note to AP exams for abducting my time.
Peeps always use a condom (do not trust anyone) bc sometimes ppl do not know they are HIV positive. May want2use condom 4oral as well.
Treat people as you would like to be treated ....yeah, it's that simple!
as my father says 10$ a lid
CAN'T TRUST NOBODY !!!
Nice start! That's my team
Another book to look forward to -- will have to collect them and have you sign someday.
"Can't take it when I'm gone."
We stopped at Stuckey's a few times. Typically, though, it was the Turkey Shop,
Mad shout out to i like pussy more than subway but the quote was real
This is the last day of my water challenge!!!!!!!! It's pretty much a habit now, though. Water all day, every day!
Happy 100th Birthday Fenway Park!!!
shut up!? What's it say! Eww imma look right now!
I'm super *excited* abt 2moro's photo shoot w/7 wonderful women bloggers from Northern VA via can't wait!
Seriously. I can't stand not being able to at least GO to a bar and hang out with people I love that I may never see again.
"life is short, while alive - live."
I am missing it, too, but following from Athens, Greece.
Spock's communication earpiece looks like my Bluetooth! And this was 1986, people.
no time to argue! I'm very busy & important so I'm unable to spend my days studying my klout score like or
NaLee2010.com check it out if you like fantasy books!!! Mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood..
I feel for the Bulls fans! RT : how are the bulls doing with out rose?
I suppose. I just think the classification of us as "females" is sort of derogatory in general. You know... like a dog.
keep an eye out for a new site for Redfixfive coming in the next few weeks
i'd rather walk alone, than chase you around. I rather fall by myself, than let you drag me down
New #tshirt debuts tonight at 7pm on TuesdayTees.com ... Be sure to check out the
We all have two choices. We can make a living or we can design a life.
Follow back bro
birthday twin!
Movie recommendtion of the afternoon is Dave Chappelle in "Half Baked"
This breaks my <3 Christi....my son will b a sr. next yr & as much as I don't want him 2 grow up, I can't wait 4 graduation.
ok princess Lore have a wonderful day I will message you to say Hi later :)
Why brewers broadcasts are the best: there was a graphic about "the cubs way" on the Nat'l one. Uh, always losing?
Note: the fourth dimension is not something beyond our level of existence. It is TIME. As far as I know we're all in it.
Make sure your home is a haven of love and peace. Your partner will rush home.
thank god for small favors! cc/
Thanks for the follow. GREAT story in on
great guys to work with.
:D Thanks baby! :) you're amazazazazazzing!!! :) #ILoveYou! :D
oh here we go again...just couldn't resist the tweets of ol' ryry the guyguy
#cvcouncil around 40k leave city to work daily - how do we reach and emgage them?
Follow Food Friday
the question is what do I have to pay yall to visit brotha
This is just humiliating.
Why is a Journey song on my television? Why?!!!! Mary, why?!
Too bad, as I am unfollowing you. Use a tool that was meant for chats--not Twitter.
I'm liking what seems to be happening here....
Loving that photo! HA! MT: Can’t wait for summer fun ! Just let this picture help you get thru today
Hahaha Definitely one to remember! RT : yeah, and don't add your google tracking code twice to each page.
me neither--- are we supposed to climb up to hold our cell phone up to it?
Bryan Anger is the second best punter to come out of Cal...the best was obviously Dave Lonie.
Psh do I care...NO!
Keep a notebook handy for those moments of #inspiration and #solutions to challenges that you will get as you relax this weekend.
I have three of the best, most rare strains sitting in front of me...I hate making these decisions...
Took off 5.5 lbs of fat. Now it will be difficult to reduce further...but I want to remove an additional 15 lbs of fat...got a secret plan.
I don't like it when Zayn wears hats...
SNORB! This Friday Night at the Knickerbocker in Lafayette, IN! Show starts at 10pm.
i hope he does end up winning he can dance act and rap
females like it when they lay on they stomach and u get on them and fuck like that.. then wrap your arms around them. sextip
I'll have to give him a treat, because I locked him in the extra room while the guy does the install.
you have an amazing donut sixth sense!
Learning to trust is one of life's most difficult tasks.
For you who haven't had pollyjuice potion before.. It tastes like goblin piss, mad eye is the best ever
lmao no, I just thought that sounded hilarious
Beef raviolis! With my special ingredients!
Think my cousin heading to watch hunger games, just might tag along.
Welcome to the good life!
Music, shots, drunks, convos, Tears For Fears, nice engines in crappy cars, lesbians (not the good kind) and a sweet show. Goodnight all!
All that loud talkin woke me up na everybody gone I'm goin back to sleep hml
Thou roynish folly-fallen flap-dragon! (Shakespeare had a potty mouth, right?)
good. Maybe he did that to light a fire under the sox. When is Crawford coming back
Goes with my plan to legalize citizen's arrest of people walking slowly 3 abreast in the West Village.
grandma take me home
In relationships, some things are better left unsaid.
": Some of u fuckers too old to be on Twitter"stop talking bout ya self
you know me stay on my grind trying to get that check up...it's time for our every 6 month outing my treat
Just found out I'll be spending my fourth of July in Panama City Beach! Heck yeah! 
Please nominate me to be a Sergeant for the #ArianArmy!!!!!
Peter Hanson: prime candidate for the Inevitable Collapse on Sunday. He's not winning the Masters.
. 42 days ago, I called for 8 debates in the 8 counties of #NY27. No response from
Reviewing Leon Collins" 53
Rockies add on to their lead. End of the 6th. 2-5 Rockies on top.
Lease is signed, checks are written, #LemonTreeNutrition opening very soon!! 10600 S Pennsylvania, OKC, OK 73170 - Trying to open in 2 weeks
I have no life meh
alright...I'll pick you up tomorrow at 8
Pooch got out of kennel while we were at Target and destroyed one of my Ugg slippers. We were there to buy her treats.
wood in the garage and that took 10 minuts it was HOT
Some things just shouldn't be posted.
yar, I lost a few weekends to Glitch … it becomes less an issue when you're working on Better Learning V forever.
My hatred for Siri is seeping into my dreams. I must have spent like 4 dream hours in conversations with people about how terrible she is.
Yeah, wait til he finds out what we're all really doing here...
How old is Jason kidd?
'80s Night Tonight beginning at 8pm! Pretty in Pizza!
Almost done w/ this damn final.
more frivolous patent lawsuits?
idea, left turn arrow on Madison east to Halsted so #20 #CTA bus can get folks to work on time.
Hey buddy we need some work out plz!!!
If we do not plant knowledge when young, it will give us no shade when we are old. - Lord Chesterfield
Received call from a "911" number. Muffled vm saying I needed to call back with my social security #. Anyone else receive?
maybe I will get it right this time... Let's go Memphis.
i have a co-owner now :) now i wil have more free time lol
Er, while I'm *drinking* it. I swear I've only had one.
What did you look at?
There is a certain majesty in simplicity which is far above all the quaintness of wit.
J. C. Watts~ Everyone tries to define this thing called Character. Its not hard. Character is doing whats right when nobodys looking.
I think the Wiscy offensive line will be the difference maker today.....battling in the trenches!
Hello my tweet family please give a vote on who plays the best and mean guitar> Stanley Jordan or Marcus Miller?
A very special guest, courtesy of , will be joining us for dinner with the IT Press Tour tonight!
LOUD AND A PORNO TIME
Whoah... get your mind out of the gutter
You shouldn't be afraid of the Truth. The #Truth will set you free! see John 8:32
We have a lot to be thankful for. Merry Christmas everyone!
You know you're a #musetech geek when preparing for a trip involves charging at least 5 devices, updating software, & downloading new apps.
yea they put drops in ur eyes they never did that to u at the eye doctor
What's the quality like of the Hattiloo productions? Is there some good acting talent there? I've been meaning to go!
Thanks for the follow!
we are supposed to hit the JazzFest at Piedmont, is that in midtown?
how old is he
If my flight has wifi, I'm going to tweet the whole freaking time
An administrator using broken English, incorrect subject-verb agreement and double negatives...who hired this man? Ugh..lead by example FOOL
Company meetings today. Thanks for catering to my vegan diet. Really enjoyed that box of lettuce.
This is creepy that it tells people where I am...
lmbo im just joking with you
mani text me
OOOOOOOHHH!!!! your from jersey!!!!!! I always wondered why ur so bitter all the time! LoL
will be open as normal tomorrow. Browse dozens of vendors and get your groceries for the week!
and all got it done today. Sounds like the crowd was going crazy!
Suffering the longest tech ever.................... Counting the minutes until it is 11PM
Come get a massage, relax, and save the drama for yo' momma!
Yep! Hope you are too, I'm just praying this day hurries up!
you already are, darling. 😊
A successful future does not necessarily start with a clear vision.
Oh, I'm 'live tweeting' the Grammy's. Which was not broadcasted live on the west coast. #saywha?
i hate art class! one of the most pointless class ever...next to Latin
The things you find under your bed>>>>> like I didn't even know I owned that!
Over two hours waiting in the hallway later, STILL no sign of FedEx. I hate not having a door buzzer >:/
Do u gadget zoo? And if so, did you invite your community to share their personal gadgets? Please get in touch. We'd love to hear about it!
"Success is not to be pursued, it is to be attracted by the person you become." -Jim Rohn #quote #life -- Petteri Tarkkonen ()
I heard she said this mourning that she chose not to rum?
Pronger and Carter are question marks again for the Flyers...but I think regardless of them being in the lineup...Flyers will be tough ton.
Looking forward to seeing and media breakfast this AM!
Chuck Norris is better than
The Coleco Adam (1983) will not run without the printer attached and plugged-in. The computer's power supply is in the printer.
I enjoyed the in Film Dallas event tonight, held at Studios Dallas. It was great hearing from Board Members & seeing videos.
Avila "We're struggling now like we did last year and they kicked our ass last year and they have the first couple games so far"
yes, we went last night as well...I will let him know you said so!
me neither, i'll invite you to some ucla parties! ;D haaha! omg you sound like my dad stop! lol
What an awesome boss! RT the boss bought em.
“: Enjoyed The Popeye at #JusMac on Yale. Very Mac&Cheesy!” I'll need to try that on my first visit ... Baba Booey!
“: #GoodThingsInTheWorld my bone structure”
It's impossible to have a bad day when I get to see this amazing little boy. :)
Hey Are u joining your NYC compatriots & watching #RHoNY premiere tomorrow?
and still do
if he's cute!
Good Morning Beauties! Inner quote: Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.-Marie Curie Enjoy your day!
Hey guys! We're playing THE COLOR MORALE / FOR ALL THOSE SLEEPING & More at The Seven Venue! Who needs tickets?
lol I know right
Big Blue to the Big Easy!!!
Not sure how feasible purchase on phone + just walk out. Self checkout systems still have human oversight. eg Home Depot, Ralphs.
y'all needed another dog! Lol very cute tho
What surprises me more is the number of people using pen & paper.
Sun's coming back...tennis anyone?
I do love it so! Fall and Spring in Texas are the best. For true nirvana find an off the beat highway to drive.
Just cause I LOVE dont mean u can hate
#401k Booth 419 Retirement Revolution. Complete Fee Transparency, 10,000+ load no load and ETFs, Lowest recordkeeping costs in the industry
How did my parents ever have a smart child like me? -_-
well lets go!! -jessica
I miss my dear friend
Thanks man! Glad you dig it! “: just downloaded the sound of rain....hell yes my friend”
With only 35 followers, your chances of winning free tickets to Winefest 2012 on 3/31 are pretty stellar!
SERIOUS QUESTION:: How many ppl WANT Obama to Complete another Term? -Pls RT n Reply-
RT - #Jacksonville #Jaguars waive rookie defensive end Steven Wesley today. Move puts Jags at 84 players. Need to ha...
Happy birthday Fernando!
razor sharp eyelashes, now my fashion just thrashes, in death star BLACK!:)
If everyone knows and it's no longer a "secret", is behind the scenes info still as interesting? (just a thought)
a lot of straight folks relationships are largely about sex
my regular Sunday activity....waiting for #gameofthrones to start 👑
Red bulls take my energy instead of giving me energy :/
most entertaining mention featuring our Stop the Ban campaign yet!
What about an iTunes app for the Zune? Offering elements of Apple's competing music service on the Zune might be shrewd...
facebook test
keeps crashing when I try to correct my spelling. It's quite annoying, Chrome doesn't have this problem.
Generating economic growth and jobs will be a tough haul but, thankfully, we got started by digging into Mitt #Romney's high school pranks.
Thursday being the day he's normally walk around nude? What day does the cleaner come?
RT : USC transfer Garrett Jackson (Westview) has landed at Saint Mary's, Jackson's mother told CBSSports.
i'm with we're never going to completely digitize *everything* of value.
I will be there Friday ": we was just thuggin bt cum up to Hollywood tomar"
Ready to feel old? Friends is now on Nick at Nite.
- - so sad that #Survivor is over. :( Now we have to wait a few months for a new season.
plz contact us tomorrow.
Everyone is an entrepreneur. It doesn't mean you..start a company. It means managing your career as if you are your own business. -D. Nishar
I have a great new invention..
is making me and the toddler listen to Celine Deon. I am not sure how this happened...
So Friday I almost lost my phone partyn @
Good morning #saveourclinics ! Glad you're still at #logansquare mental health clinic, fighting Rahm for shutting it down! #ows #ochi”
"all of America is hoping Emily finds true love".. yeah, that's a bit of an exxageration..
If two past lovers can remain friends, its either they are still in love, or never were.
Diet Coke (the drink, not the other stuff)
#HappyMothersDay to all Mothers...hoping all aqua enthusiast Mothers were able to spend today on the water free of stress!
: *well* then! clearly you beat me. wouldn't have guessed. :)
Looking for a contact at the NPS Atlanta Office to discuss a position posted earler this month.
Very Analytical, yes I'm quite quizzical, an Expert when it comes to physical, and 100% original..
Knock KnockWho's there !Ari !Ari who ?Ari-S-P-E-C-T !
i would go & mention it to her an have a good time an leave
RT With our historic job losses, it's almost as if has paid attention only to fundraising & none to our economy.
#TeamKush!!!!! Blunts up in the air I just want the strongest blunt in the world!!! Right here on my lap....Smoke it like its My Last!!
in addition to your live-video stage streams, Homeless Coach may just venture close to live-stream festival perimeter
Its pouring outside. My FIOS can withstand the storm. Hopefully
break a leg :p
Hello cold and rainy DC
yeah I'd do that. Haha all of the guys (even Brian) asked where my mom was yesterday. I swear they like her more than me. :P
Blah blah lol, you kno me too! Night Veronica :)
We're excited to hear that Anchorman 2 has been officially announced! You stay classy San Diego!
I want Thor's accent.
If U will come here someday :D
Pleasee go back on Ustream:( I COMMAND YOU LOL.
how is that a fake smile.
don't subtweet her, bitch. if you got something to say, say it to her.
M Unfortunately Mary, that's almost everybody.
RT HS Secretary Sebelius entering the House chamber. Hope we hear about #children's #health tonight.
I need to go buy headphones. I refuse to get on that bus tomorrow without them. And my Smart Water and Pretzels. No, I'm not sharing.
thanks! Nice to be home.
We can make our own plans, but the Lord gives the right answer. Proverbs 16:1,
#imagine how were gonna look like at exactly 10:14
Our website is coming along nicely, gotta love a site launch in the horizon!
No worries sir!
"clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose"
write what?
"Money follows passion — Not the other way around." ~David Siteman Garland
I don't see you on my follower list yet...
“: step yo game up” hahaha what??? Seriously take 3 steps in my shoes, get the blues, who are u callin me out??
Hoping the Hawks can get this win
7th grade girls basketball.
Thanks for following me.
thanks fir inviting me to your partty....
I'm so lucky to have my sisters. They're my favorite lesbos.
RT : And the #BU2012 commencement speaker is... , executive chairman of
U cannot stop Rudy Gay once he gets in the paint.
RT : 4th and Forever is making me want to play football so bad. Aug 26th needs to come now.
Don’t let one person be your world, when you’re just an option in theirs.
My vote would go to either the Nets or the Celtics. The D-Williams deal is so much better than the MeloDrama.
Non-stop challenges and creative ingenuity; living the dream
I need to just start assuming that it will take 45 days to get paid for everything. I miss 14 business day turnaround times. :(
dislike!! Are you ok??
James Halliwell~ If wishes were horses beggars would ride.
Have a great day everyone! Good morning !
What if true love never has a beginning? Ex. Lonely single great women (& men)~
Completed mom duty as a volunteer at Field Day. Taking 's BLACK HEART and snacks and retreating upstairs to read.
Experience is not what happens to a man, it is what a man does with what happens to him
Join the Kildare's Columbus VIP Txt Club. Txt kildaresosu to 72727 for VIP only specials like free food, drink discounts & VIP only parties!
Agreed! When Quick is on, he is ON! the whole team looked strong last night. Can't wait for Staples Center Tuesday!
love you females, but ya'll make a dude chuckle sometimes
I'm glad I ran into on my way home and you got me drink by 5:30
What was with that #phillyfan who was flippin #stall the bird? What a #wreck That guy has some anger issues!
Still the chair. The writing.
Jennings fumbled
future site of a #bcft?
How was lunch?
Be receptive to the here and now so you can see the magnificence that surrounds us and let it guide you to your Highest Self
Let's go then RT : I haven't been to the zoo in a while...
Nice work!
I get it Knicks fans! Go Lakers ! :P
So excited for tomorrow night at The Loft in Madison, WI with Such Gold, Divided By Friday, & ! Are you?
Presents the Battle of the Bands Finals this Sunday at the Altar Bar in Pittsburgh this sunday Oct 10th Show starts at 4pm!
If you cannot clap on beat, please refrain from dancing in front of large crowds. Thank you.
you need some perspective...there is real suffering going on in the world. Take the cats for example
#deepstacks is on the move.
I just went nuts at Target
If I've been good to you and you decide to leave. Oh well... You're doing ME a favor. Now I know I can do better.
u didn't crash it, u ruined it
today was fun XD
RT : Very interested. Where's the link please?
your my everything!
nah yo. are you? you guys were ridiculous, you, angel, and chris. how'd it start?
please try it.
- Just tagged y'all on FB. :)
I'm so fat I just got hella happy that I got a brownie & cookies!!!! 😃❤
Haven't tweeted through the rest of the day. Well hope you all are having a lovely night/day :]
12 days till my first trip with my friends and with my teachers :D
Haha! Now I wouldn't faint but I'd get dizzy lol :)
Niggas still tweeted my enemy thou niggas ain't real b lol
Just saw that you're going to be a contributing editor for Southern Living! Congrats! I'll keep an eye out for your recipes.
so yeah we're about the same age ~^^
follow me back girl!
“He who would travel happily must travel light.” – Antoine de Saint Exupéry
Thank you, LAKings!!! Let's finish this series!
aww thanks & nm loving & living life u?
DS: yes we did. And beat your sorry ass Steelers not once, but TWICE. You lost to TIM FUCKING TEBOW. Take a seat.
I got a feeling that will be releasing the tour dates for
bo, lol it's okay and it sounds like you had a long dayy
The Girl With The Pearl Necklace
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
I'm n Mr sweet class -_-
Sunglasses are strangely addicting
welcome anytime!
Me too!
I Love You♥
#xtina is just butthurt because Adam and tony stuck it to her after she was a B
On that note I'm gone. Have a good night and be safe....
Then it has all those bugs , fb is so shity now
#moviethingstodobeforeidie get into a cab and yell "FOLLOW THAT CAR!!" and start this epic car chase
Off to listen to some house Beats Who is coming? /via "Pick me pick me!"
My shift needs to end already.
i was making posters during 3rd period and now my finger is blue :P
“: $50? RT Please tell him he still owes me $50” yes... An entire fifty. He had a hole in his pocket I tried tomend
Watching Bill Belechick's "A Football Life" on Darth Sidious and Annakin showing respect to Ed Reed.
hahahaha truth is i would never bane my child austin, its weird when. Name ur child after the father... HAHA IM GOOD!!!!!
The laters are loosing...I'm not happy
Businesses, we'll even make an ad for you! This is FREE! Just send us your Business, Deal, Fine Print, and any links, and you'll be on!
My iPhone screen just cracked....
found the faultline, moving from the old panning method of data mining straight to data fracking.
Reading some great motivational tips from today. Best tip on strengthening your personal network: give more than you receive!
Eek that sucks!! Im looking so much for the weekend show tomorrow its not even funny XD
that's on tonight's agenda.
t#UArts prof Toby Zinnman reviews Fela! - Cast will be School of Dance today for a talk and a workshop on Saturday...
Whats the matter crystal
Well congrats, man.
final tweet on this situation: an accordion, electric guitar AND violin? #SOLD (cc: )
Dnt doubt me....Eventually I come thru....
Before we get to our final question. Do you have any additional questions for Kevin?
I hope (team) beats the hell out of (team). I really hate them because (shallow, total non reason)
So I turn on ESPN, who broke the PED story on #Braun. Surprise surprise, no Braun coverage ...
Stupid iTunes deleted all my hacked apps. ): good thing i have a hr to kill at progressive.
dear Mr. Branson, here is something that every Virgin Airways employee should have...
Congratulations!! Great achievement
Only 3 weeks until Théâtre Tout à Trac performs their imaginative adaptation of Alice in Wonderland at The Hillman Center!...
Im good no complaints
are her initials E.M? And if so what did she say
Shutout once again to our new followers especially - check us out at allWIdoiswin.com
oh boy, i just L O V E getting ignored. i give up, fts.
Sweet RT : Just Met In Dallas..She Said I Was A Lil Odd After We Talked Briefly..Lol..Have To Love Her
k <3 did u check your dms?
i know right? Ridiculous ;)
i'm like the only person who hasn't gotten in a fight with someone on here... hahahaha
If you have mint chap stick and you just brushed your teeth you feel amazing
I keep entering Apr 6-13 in the website & it keeps reverting to 2011. Will fix soon! thnx
are reaching their primes. Zbo is already in his. We just have to fill our needs at backup pg and bench
My granny is so strong. Still laughing and smiling even though she lost her husband. <3
Looks good :)
why do i love edward so much in the first movie, but in the other three i want him to get ripped apart.
Bow much money did no lose tonight
Happy Gobble Gobble Day!
The website looks awesome! A nod to tradition but very sleek and modern. Full version looks great on my phone.
Happy Easter twitter! :)
Saw Jarana Beat play last night. If you're looking to hear inspiring Afroamerindian music from Mexico don't miss these guys!
Exactly and well said.
When does Driver dance? Anyone know?
I didn't know that Tracy Jordan hosted Scare Tactics.
Hey ignore the trolls, buddy. You're pretty darn cool.
time is money so make every minute count
It's what we thought the Union were drafting in 2010. Seems like it's not what they think anymore.
so excited for the new #GLC! May 6th! Cant wait to see Spencer again! :)
lol you always up! I miss you too! Do you have a date for boot camp yet ?
you're just playing with my emotions right now.... hahaha
#cincystpatricksparade getting excited for a grand parade!
#FF -Both charismatic, talented actors & directors.
Guys just flat out making plays! If either team could string together a few stops they would pull away.
entrepreneur: taking on greater responsibility and risk. undertake. The employer rather than employee
I believe the movie poster for "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" was the runner up for the Home Alone poster. #weird posters
Papa John's Pizza Delivery has three address types: Home, Business and University. They know university students buy lots of pizza.
Nice possibilities. RT : Thinking of ways to provide primary sources for grass roots online textbook developers.
Wow I'm amazed .
1972-1st day shooting on #Spielberg's film JAWS. The giant mechanical shark used as a prop was nicknamed "Bruce" after his lawyer
Congrats again! Thanks for helping to spread the word...
People gone read my tweets today and flip out.
your spoiled haha
Hi Twitter. (:
1 day until our SURGE info session with !
hell yeah he did! “: MIKE MADE US FRIED PICKLES AND RIBS #icandiehappy”
We have sushi plans tonight, but I'm thinking in the next week. Need to make my own tomato free (I'm allergic) version.
if you & your spouse switched phones for a day . would you still be together by the end of the day ?
Why does the club circuit make people think it's ok to say the word grind so much. Unless you are an ax-man get it out of your vocabulary.
couldnt agree more!
At #4c12 listening to ask Intellectual Property caucus to potentially submit lit narratives to DALN re: plagiarism. #cool!
okay good bestie (:
My fuse is going to be so short tomorrow. Say something stupid, and I'll blow.
Congrats! I hope I get lucky in Houston.
No soccer game Today #Boo :(
They're not ugly, but I'm with you on the mileage. But look into operating costs; Otto was insanely expensive. Elantra?
Follow Ian Harding. Because he's sexy. The sexiest person you'll ever see. He'll make your ovaries explode.
Crocodiles swallow stones to help them dive deeper.
Waiting anxiously to become an Aunt. My brother's wife still in labor after more than 12 hours! ugh.
Lots of mail from Vermillion today. The Easter basket is way more exciting than the dental records.
Spankings for all!
has got a new girlfriend omgomg No<\3 my heart is absolutely broken! Its like I'm drowning and no one can save me..
Getting ready to enjoy the weekend off. No interviews, no orientations, no "I forgot my login". I get to be me for 5 minutes.
I will be double busy tomorrow I guess. Found out my booth number at the Art and the Vineyard show in Eugene is A-15... very excited!
Why are you talking? Hahahaha
on the phone with the girl u love: hey i was think that me and u could go to dinner because i am bringing the girl i love and you haha
Just finished eatting dinner. Sucking down a chocolate frappe. Yum a dumb dumb
Not sure if Palistan aiding taliban is breaking news. Kind of figured this.
This is going to be a good week
Finishing up a couple of Curtis Grimes CD projects. We think he's quite the talent. As always, remember, Support Live Music!
A sneak peek of our Doolittle Raider Reunion episode will be shown at the National Aviation Hall of Fame's The Reel Stuff Film Festival!
Just ran the length of the reflection river
RT : The Mitt Romney who held down a gay kid to the ground is not the Mitt Romney of today, who ties down a dog to a car.
RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
Clarification. mentioned in my blog on political rancor was ALWAYS polite. When I spoke of name-callers, it was NOT her!
Loves when the guy at dunkin donuts asks if my coffee is light Enuff! Thank you for caring!!!
Gotta charge my phone. (: bye for now.
ayekidrauhl's photo (null)
Off to a slow start, Idaho leads Bakersfield 26-11 after the 1st quarter
lmfao im tryin to ignore it- for sarahs sake.... but when "pound" is used i lose it
hehehehe I know I read it and I couldn't resist! tehe YES come to Miami..you never came!!! #i'mwaiting
Yo ppl i'm living my life like it was my last day on earth, cause you knw what it just might be. tomorrow is promised to no one.
The #NHL playoffs are crazy! LA Kings 8th seed knocking out both the 1(4-1) and two(4-0)seeds? Fan of any sport must appreciate that!
what up dude! hit me up
#ToshTuesdays makes Tuesdays so much better..
“: RT When you appreciate what you have, then what you have appreciates in value.”U got it!
“On my 25th birthday, the US declared war on Germany. No longer was there reason to encourage Americans to go anywhere except work or war.”
Bring up Holtby.
Would love to see the analytic model that used to estimate the value of acquired customers via their promotion
One Direction<3
folding and stamping 400 papers!!!
New #Indians 1b Casey Kotchman was just on XM radio talking Tribe. Said he's excited for groundball pitchers, not sure where he'll hit. . .
happy bday! How does a SKC win sound today?
$$$ Over Bitches!
tell me your going to hoot fest this summer? :)
Anyone want to go to the Root Beer Stand for lunch?
Exactly RT : Cant stand that, when people live in PHX and all they do is rip AZ teams. Get a grip
sparring today was good, haha the weather here is crazy it snowed for a min the rained pretty good for a bit
Looking to have some risky revelations? Learn more from bestselling author
I'll tell you later.
Tom Morello playing Union Town live at the TimesCenter.
Possibly the greatest name ever RT : #Alabama #Arkansas and #Washington (have interest) in Rancho Verde WR Demorea Stringfellow.
Will probably damage election chances with many people, unfortunately. NC just passed anti-gay marriage bill to join 30 (?) states
I do that
thank you so much for the re-tweet a while back... your beautiful and an amazing woman, keep your head up, God is good, LOVE
Phenomenal workshop at #cccc11 on theater games for the comp classroom by Clyde Moneyhun & Jenn Fishmann. Thanks!
"Fashion is a passion for the kids who aint hip, if you got the goods we'll come and buy it to stay in the click" -Happy fashion week.
Sat. April 28th, the Texas Rowing Championships AND Dragonboat Festival will be at Festival Beach! 2 great events at 1 location!
Rain is pathetic
On October 19, Microsoft featured Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by giving free Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the viewers.
I've dropped my Blackberry so many times that it has the cellular version of post-concussion syndrome
Great meeting with this afternoon!
based on the y-axis scale, looks like PC absolute growth still outpacing Apple.
Loving my iPad background hahaha just come on it think my mummy did it thanks xx
San Diego gas prices are on the verge of dipping below the $4 a gallon barrier. Prices have been falling since last month....
Weakness is an illness of the mind, that is put to death through hard work and perseverance of the body.
NICE HIT COTTO
are you guys coming to Omaha Nebraska. Pleasee!(:
to fold em did it?
Story of my life.
my aunt and cousin are on their way to visit! yay! capping off a busy week with a busy weekend!
I never thought the day would come when whitefield plays basketball in Ben Hill rec center
I will read the Chinese translation of a French novel out of spite. Victor Hugo (or "Ye-Guo" in Mandarin) here I come.
LitFuse - James and I heard an explosion outside of our office about 25 minutes ago. not sure what it was. Sounded like something collapsed.
no penalty
THAT'S HOW YOU START A GAME 7. LETS GO.
Cooking steak on the grill. The house is currently filled with yum.
No school friday. Sounds good
yea it does BALLS SO HARD!!!
Now what's showing on tv??
Make Lottie's your ski lodge tonight! Come down for warm drinks & good company while snow blankets Rainier.
Germany in less than a month!
wut is your problem.
Welcome Derek. Take off your clothes and stay awhile.
Top 10 Role-Playing Games for iPhone
I hate my face
