that shit was dumb ass hard!!
When Some One Really Likes You, But You Don't Like Them Back...
Good luck!!! Btw, I applied for a job in Pewaukee(-Quail ct. behind Mobil), I will definitely try Bubba's if I succeed :-)
“: Why'd you go for 2? Because they wouldn't let me go for 3.” > - Woody Hayes! Go Bucks!
I'm living vicariously through your #AMIA11 tweets.
“: .....it seems like I'm a horn dog when I'm half asleep...deer god” preach it
Well, Star Trek comes out next Friday, so that's some good news! :)
Is there something I should know?
RT : Gary Neal will miss final two regular season games with left shoulder stinger. He's not on trip to Phoenix/Golden State.
I've been acting so weird these last few days bc of it. I had some retail therapy all day... Still feel like crap.
Just watched Religulous it was amazing
“: get ready to ball when I get back” just kno I'm taking no Ls at the Rec
Thank you to everyone on Warped Tour, we had a great time. Thank you for all of your support, we will see you soon!
Why am I not hearing about more events for ? Come on, Pittsburgh. Let's put Pittsburgh on the map in the beer world!
It was great seeing you this weekend!!! I had fun with you guys:)
Ferrer is having the christmas concert that day so I was hoping I could go...
Coworkers playin whitney..Cool
U are not fucking with I aint no need to pretend, it's obvious im better cold like a dish of revenge
hes good for Jersey sales That's it
Why are women so damn hard-headed!!?? If you would just listen sometimes!!
OK EVERYONE STOP WHAT YOUR DOING IS ONLINE!!!! 😱
Hey Pat!! Long time. How are you?
#dontuhate when somebody's status is the lyrics of a song and you read it and get the song stuck in your head?
Lol....what channel r u watching?!
This dam HW blowing me!!
I'm sure he was thrilled to hear it too. : )
I'm flexin on my ex, if you know what imean!!
Who's ready for some football?
NSU is doing a great job with being the 1st HBCU to host the RA Conference! Hollins U. loves your welcoming spirit.
Indianapolis, we are playing at The Vogue Jan 20 with The Lemonheads. We have pre-sale tickets so please email us at
Im with you, but if the Yankees start blowing saves in september, might go the other way
hey! Come find me in the back w red plaid
Today is my Friday, so I wish everyone a WONDERFUL wkend! Mom and Dad should get here @ 8PM and the fun will begin!! Have a good one!
goodnight hun.. Talk to you soon
Welcome Home.<3
Let me think about it. I'm not into scary books. But I'm sure I have a few.
Shock claim: Economic power swinging back to America, says Ambrose
“: #Aquarians are fearless when they want something”
Yay!! Thanks Joy!! Go joy!!
Thx #Erin for my last tweet
Greenville to Baton Rouge
i didnt say i didnt like it &it's a freakin poster of RONNIE RADKE y wouldnt i put it up even if he looks better on the cover
!!! RT In honor of Chris Berman's birthday, I'm going to spend all of today completely mailing it in at work.
sorry I couldn't make the stream :(
Getting overwhelmed. I just want to quit. All of it. Everything. But that isn't an option. Yet I am still overwhelmed. Oh, what to do?
Thank you Oakland and Disco Volante...you remind me why I play music.
nope can't do it
No seat.
My sleep schedules so fucked up! Godddddaaamn.
OMG. Duh!(: how could I forget!? & AH I Wish I could be there right now! :/ we would probably get kicked out.(;
I was at work all day and I've never been to one of those ..... lmao so no.
tha gurl with fake boobs nd blonde hair taller thn u turned out to be a cheat ;p
Its ya lil woddy plies baby!!
I wonder if a boy ever looks at me is thinks "wow, she's beautiful."
*mmmmuah* Love you. You are the BEST. :-)
Im glad I didn't lose hope on my #Lakers 👍❤🏀 good night lovely ppl 😘😉☺
follow me?
What's the action? There isn't one... It's a paradox!
amen to that!
I'm Jill, reference temp at a community college library.
Kevin Richardson from The Backstreet Boys turns 40 today. My husband played Chicago with him. He said he's nice.
I am dedicating today and tomorrow to lost sleep due to chronic insomnia and illness. 2 melatonin pills, do your thing!
#nw Comedy tour with kevin hart , cedric the entertainer, deray, tommy davidson, Aries Spears.
way to go terps! NCAA Field Hockey National Champions!!
I do too but I think that can change with time. Hes just so athletically gifted he could be so good
why do I have to make a trip you haven't come down here once smh, ppl these days lol
thanks, we are looking into it!
No I'm in VA right now
u reppin home in the rite way...south philly babe!!!!
recently read Evolution of Calpurnia Tate. Really, really enjoyed it.
"We are all connected through story..." Inspired after mass.
I know when nightwing says manuever 6 I was like boss but now no jla on earth gonna be better
Felony jobs $15-$98/Hour Jobs For Felons Apply Today - Start Tomorrow
i loved you cover taylor issues :DD please follow me and (; we love you<3
1 to 6 tonight mention this tweet and get an iced white mocha HALF OFF!
it seems faculty is not immune to Spring Break fever.
Three sure things in life... death...taxes...and the NFL.
Anyone know how to block/remove the photo "download" button option on Facebook photos? I think it's new. Dislike.
Love hearing songs on the radio that I've shot the music video for. Just caught the Josh Turner video I did on tv for the 1st time!
Thank you! <3
stop down to Marquette sometime tonight... I will be back down there later
It's just after 8
#15peopleilove #1 my mom. Im so thankful for everything she does for me. She means the whole world to me. 💗 happy mothers day.
Well in that case, i'll just stop retweeting them, just for you.
Wow, the improved internet speed even makes cnn's mobile site tolerable.
Good to see you 2! Lunch was fab...as always!
Gong Show Movie!
Why in the hell would you do you beautiful woman?
Happy Steve Appreciate Day!
"Conventional show-biz savvy held that Americans hated to be the objects of satire." Carroll O'Connor
Why are the refs favoring Purdue so heavily?
I Bet Is Balling Her Eyes Out );
saw the last tweet oh shit my spelling is terrible :/ ehhehehehheheh i need ti get a life SIKE (:
I am taxed to the extreme
Bigger and better things are - better. Way to go.
Yes sir keep doing it man! Sounds good!
#MarvelousMonday you sexy beast!!! :)
Anup! Yeah, we're pretty stoked to get to come hang with you and your peeps. Should be a rad show!
a girl named Ryan who is in my grade
thanks! I appreciate it :)
Just arrived at KNS!!!!!
Shoes, Boots, Sandals, Designer Shoes &amp; Handbags - Payless Shoes
RT? : OK WHOS REALLY SMARTER HUMANS OR ANIMALS? I GIVE IT TO DEEP SEA ANIMALS - Lil B
cause it feels good out(:
oh totally. (sarcasim)
This is a joke right? I seriously can't tell.
Magic Johnson put it best for after pregame meal: it's good to get off your feet, but stay upright. No nap, just relax & visualize the game.
Bottle Rocket would be 3rd for me behind Royal Tenenbaums and Rushmore.
Block walking in Irving with great volunteers!
I'm usually the only one in LA who gets excited when the weather is something other than sunny. Reminds me of home.
off to school! because all kids need to stay in school and not do drugs LMAO
For my first use: is a hopeless fopdoodle.
Congrats! Next step is to visit me to figure out your next step :)
My go kit so rules.
we are too!
Days like today make me very excited for #summer 72 degrees with a warm breeze! #ThanksGlobalWarming!
what issue are you having the app?
MIT App inventor (making, tinkering, remixing stream)
The two girls I got paired up with yesterday in English class... I didn't know anyone could be so dumb.(maybe fake dumb?)
Everything is gone b alright
Please let me be an extra!
RT U need to sober up right now (so t you live iPhone corrections?)
RT : Perfect for IT Finance >>RT : Wanted to share some real-world #IT tools that #IntelIT uses to plan investments...
Youtube.com tessiyah fck your last girl music video. Come back at jojo's marvins room.
11 can't come fast enough.
Playing ball with my dog before work.
vote for us on Indy A-List. We need your votes!
Congrats, Jeff, awesome!!
Once again, it takes three trains to travel 3 stops along the Blue Line. For shame
I swear is my other half who always knows what's wrong, has the same thoughts as me, and finishes my sentence before I do.
Developer keys will be included in phase2. Allows libraries to control who can build applications against our data. awesome!
Hey, girl with the dragon tattoo, is it a tramp stamp?
now i feel obligated to listen to fall for you lol
WESTERN CONFERENCE Showdown of #Lakers & #CLIPPERS would ROCK LA!! Not that I'm expecting it...but wouldn't it be f un?
#6 Your wife's not meant to be your mother Bro, don't expect her to be or treat her like she is! #GodlyBroTips #BroTips Mark 10:7
My hair is a huge mess right now :(
follow our officers/producers and
dont wanna get out of bed! but have to gotta get my day started pray the lord i get a job soon
I'm preparing myself to cry
well go buy me one
I miss my dog! miss everything about her.
but that's a tradition
My life has changed soo much in the past two years.
Leaving for London tomorrow. If Alex can't go, the fans are behind #7. And we still support you guys regardless.
Between Jules et Jim...heck, I think I'd choose Jim.
Hmm idk. its probably just cause its old
Just texted you , 501 number
I think I should go home...
T: 'jack donaghy, i'm gonna make you a mix tape. you like phil collins?' J: 'i've got two ears and a heart, don't i?'
Can I Get A Re e e e e e Fill
at work for a few then home
what's the temp?? It's a cool 63 here :)
one of my major rules: NO REFINED CARBS! make sure everything is whole wheat, multigrain, whole grain, etc.
My name is Dave Neelsen, Last Day at Lambeau producer - hope you can make it to our film tonight! Go Pack!!
#rpcvchat is starting now for anyone in the Peace Corps community. Follow
glad you liked it. Soon as I upload some of the new stuff, I'll let you know.
Here at IU
Stay tuned cause me and have some raw ass idea's coming to all you music lovers!
Kaleigh cut her thumb pad on the Jimmy Johns meat slicer tonight. At the ER. She has 2 college piano classes this week ... #ouch!
Muñoz calls out work of libraries in TEI and HathiTrust as well as IRs
True, being moved from a town where all they have is hockey to a town like chi might benefit him.
I feel like I wear the same thing every day :/
J lo's "on the floor" sounds like JPOP.
#nowthat2pacsback lil wayne and drake better get the fuck out before shit gets real.
"Today, we raise our voices for all who risk their lives for the idea that no one should be silenced"...except Chen Guangcheng
Have been busy with work...Did a 20+ hour day for a catering gig...1900+ people. Had a Blast.
I'm on the train. I shouldn't hear a nail clipper.
Water balloon fight :D
Work schedule has me wakin up early regardless if. Its my day off lol
This dude said he got only 20 50 and 100s I looked right down at his shoes and smh
I feel like shit
If a16yr ol child takes a13,11&9 yr old to a party w/o permission shud she be allowed to go another party...hell no!
Chris Christie said he wouldn't make a good number 2 (VP). I bet he makes amazing number twos.
S/O 2 my best follower <--- follow her n she will follow back Join #Team2Sexy!!!
History has a funny way of repeating itself.
you q dick sucking devil loving Wycliffe looking Nigga
Thank you!
What happened to the spirit last night ?!??!
Jusst got home from a day out with mummy bored and tired haha
and what did i say before stop talkin to me lol
Also, am several minutes into an internal Seinfeld-esque "what's the deal with thriathalons" monologue I intend to forget about by tomorrow.
I wish, in Monroeville.
In Music Meeting- Sage Francis “The Best of Times” slam poetry needed a song I'm ok with this
There is no way I'll ever be hungry again.
lm fine Thanks :) Also very tired.!! <3
it's the only one we got
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt miyabicasa
I did search it and saw lots of writers (love that!) but what do the letters and numbers stand for?
Today, we make masks for Vatzlav. Pictures to come.
yeah, good idea. Maybe Delaware if they don't leave too. Can't have Drexel host, too small. How is the rent at the WFC? LOL
Positive attitude + strong network + unrelenting drive =
Two more months till cali!!! :)
Facebook + Tumblr + Twitter + YouTube = Reasons why my homework isn't done.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 12
hey man…trying to download the stern show from the 24th and download link doesn't come up. do you have another link?
Today will be the day that something happens so get ready.
Haha does anyone else remember Google+ ? I think it is time for me to commit or jump ship.
I meant cokes :P
so i mean nobody gives a DAMN!
duh! of course! beignets, jazz, french cuisine, cemeteries & hurricanes! road trip, it's on
that was an excellent article, it should be turned into a Hollywood Movie.
so did JustinBieber and SelenaGomez break up or not?
r u gonna be in one?
thank you for following. Gorgeous profile pic. Glad to RT any of your great work. Have a day full of beauty & meaning.
~Only in the darkness are you able to see the stars~
I hate when websites ask, “Are you a human?” Umm no... I’m obviously a T-REX.
oh man, what fine taste they have...haha
its official ! #SeaWorld next Weekend Bxtchessssssssssss ;;
yeah, it's sad that some people don't have the capacity for change. bummer.
I heard that people who smile and laugh the most were the ones hurt the most. I laugh a lot and smile a lot; it's been rough the last 3 yrs
I'm re-wiring myself (drinking a 2nd cup of coffee).
for sure George, it's great to hear from you! I hope i get visit Kenya some day!
We offer 24/7 service and offer superior customer service throughout the entire car removal process. We are specialists in vehicle...
People with an abundance often worry about tomorrow and regret yesterday; live for today in His abundance seeing all there is to see
people who do nothing but complain over twitter annoy me...
I am following you Kali Anna can you please follow me
LA you down. LA you down, got something special for ya once you come to california.
S M H = Sex might help
When you feel good about yourself, others will feel good about you, too. I FEEL GOOD!!!
this bitch made both us sad alaysia dress her own self better then ths TEENAGER lol
There is no greater treasure than the respect and love of a true friend.
#Love doesn't hurt! It's the misunderstandings, misconceptions, expectations, pride & ego that hurts. Get 2 know #Love & u'll find URSELF :)
Thank you for the RT, Carrie!
that's cool, I'm glad it's still some strong women out here...
it's a fun group
Can't wait for results. Never would have thought to just use greens. But that makes total sense.
This summer is already starting off amazing....so much more to come ready for the road trips
I wanna know if Kristen is playing with baby Jackson on that plane ride.
#3wordsforyou obama's record? Puh-lease.
Thank you savannah!!(:
get after it! :D
looking forward to collaborating also, I have to ask though hawkeye or cyclone fan?
I love so much iCarly and
Its A Nice Day In My City .
Find hobos and fight them!?!?
pure poison
Gantner hits a line drive BASE HIT TO RIGHT! Howell SCORES and it's 7-2 now! That will finally be it for Erickson!
thanks cool guy:)
Alex Kirk is a freshman, never fail to forget that.
Heading to set for orbitz! The early bird catches the commercial (in this case)
Gotta put my Nashville loyalty aside for this one... Let's go Hoyas! First round win against Belmont --> final four run?
How'd to go? #Detropia is mad curious.
soo IMPROV WAS AMAZING LAST NIGHT. I love every single one of those seniors, and I can't even fathom that it was my last show with them ):
Pacific Stock Exchange SBIC n Trust Indenture combine $120 million split Near East Philippines Portugesa Hunc Guys
How To Repot an Orchid
RT I get on a beat in Snap like im singing acapellas-Los
Super moon and Cinco de Mayo tomorrow. Somebody gonna get pregnant.
Which son said his mother didn't have "nannies," but failed to mention her two au pairs?
Hey Alito. How's that Citizens United decision working out? Hate to say I told you so. But I told you so.
RT : "When we can no longer change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves." - Viktor Frankl
Parent trigger bill in Florida is up for a vote in the Florida House!
then dont complain
Had a great first day of summer with and dylan
I thought you already followed me before?
Life is too short...dnt take things for granted and live each moment like its ur last !
how much?
Let the pain begin . Another shoulder rehab session, Luckily there is a liquor machine in the lobby.
I would love to but I think I have a conflict. You?
happiness in a cup
At work (:
Here’s something special for all our followers enjoying summer-like temps this week - 25% OFF ICED TEA thru 11:59 PM PT 3/18! Code: ICECUBES
he killed it BIG TIME he is just so talented !!!!
Meet Kim! RT : Portland, OR students - tonight is ur night! #gapyear fair at Lincoln HS 6-8:30 pm. will b there!
Just you wait!!!!
Stretching, clawing & waking my azz up - have on this a.m. 845a PT. "Lights Out" specil preems April Fools Day!
TNDP by Nats announcer on that one.
Methinks it's supposed to be more funny that words to live by. But feel free to debate Apple if you feel strongly.
Rainbow Moon postponed, but shiny new screenshots -Destructoid
I can't wait to see this! I missed all of the Boston screenings.
Firm agreement here! RT i think a refresher on why we use controlled vocabularies is always good (seriously) #lodlam (via )
RT : RT : Good Morning to Everyone that's about to wrestle with NATO like me
RT life as a lead is an endless list of little things that collectively keep u busy, but in aggregate dont feel much like progress
Can't believe I didn't know about the DC Pachyderm Parade until told me. Bring on the elephants!
It's cool. Just play some B. Spears next time I'm out and we're good.
SO SO SO funny haha
It makes me mad because I have to hear it from someone else to know.
First iPad tweet! Thank you! You rock!
I'm a girls dream guy! Easter Sunday = sitting at local pub watching golf and baseball! Go
PokeHerPrincess thursday night is our beer pong match at Diablos. U two should roll.
2 things: sext me your number and hello this is your best bud scala. Love you.
I've been ignoring necessary purchases for far too long. 11 items and counting off amazon today
THAT'S FUNNY
im think YES!
That annoying moment when you can't find the long side of the blanket.
You go girl!
What about me?
For every follower, is donating $1 to RMHC Austin up to $2500. Please follow and spread the word.
Jus when I thought I was the only 1 let me kno we on the same Music page👍😘
I hope Ron aka Metta World Peace took his meds
I am mobile now!
"The night clerk rehards him with vacant, bulging eyes full of a vague envy for the blind."- HUGHIE
Yay! Good result for first 501 paper.
I'm trippin off of Tupac's holographic performance , that shid mind fucked me o_O
Ravage premiere tonight. Can't wait to see everyone again. :)
well yes, young donald is skidding right back down. my mehness about him knows no bounds.
I'm not a fucking role model!!
Daiimn he got all the bitches haha
Thanks! Just keeping it classy;) Hope your paper for this week went smoothly, weather is making it hard to do homework indoors.
How can that bike move after all the steak you guys just ate with us????
was 2am the night I got there, didn't sleep a second before work the next morning.
- Yeah. It's not the mastering I was referring to. Great concept that we'll surely see more of.
A creature like my cat could only arise in evolution due to creatures such as I... no wonder people are confused!
chelle what's good girl?
I will work hard, and I will not complain. RT : Today I will ______________, and I will not ______________! RT your answers!
Were are you seats going to be?
Middle class will balloon from 1.8 billion to 4.8 billion in next 20 years. Conservation innovation is one key to meeting new demand.
Dear World Economy, My 401k has had just about enough of your nonsense. Please get your sh*t together. Thanks.
Obstacles will look large or small to you according to whether you are large or small. ~Orison S. Marden
Congrats to Celeb Board Member Hawaii State legislature recognized the contributions of #H50! Great job on all your hard work!
you're the sweetest :)
Happy Birthday
HCP needs a food truck 5:30 - 7:30 next Wednesday night (Mar 21)! Any suggestions or anyone available?
Sally should text me &d keep me companY :) *hint hint*
whoa nice! what color? I think I'm going for red or white.
I'm thinking of a master plan.. 😏
#YergerTech at #dcweek! Stay tuned for pics later on!
Cone from the corner store lookin ass!!!
you did? Lol
NEWSFLASH: Scott Walker already has actual new BLS jobs #'s for WI. They come out Thurs. His own jobs "report" is Wed. Do the math.
no problem :]
Made a 70 on ms.bunting final ”/
Isn't that where they say "Corn Husker or Corn Cobber?"
Guess ill do just that
Hope you all had a SUPER time in Indy! Loved meeting you and KG! You guys are amazing! Your new fans will be following!!
Let the Hatch Chile sesaon begin! Starting today Hatch Chiles on everything.Hatch Chile Quesadillas Hatch Chile Chicken Salad Hatch Chiles!!
Awww screw it, I give. Brett Favre is awesome.
This week will be comprised of large amounts of studying and #advocare spark... #finals week is underway. Good luck everyone
I better find your lovin’ I better find your heart I bet if i give all my love then nothings gonna tear us apart
Why opinion of SPCA went down?
Yummy spring rolls are hitting the spot as an afternoon snack. :)
Today I have received so many positive signs. Read between the lines. For this I am very thankful..
i think i like having a digital personal assistant
What is the value of a parcel of land that no one uses and very few even are aware exists? Plow it...
Too bad your guys with iPhone picture is rachet
"Oops." "Oops?" "Yeah, forgot to lock it to the pad. Off it goes. Sorry."
Whats the pic of? It doesn't show on my ipod. Lol :p
I feel like Gloria walking around Disneyland...wrong shoe choice.
I hope to use your good wishes soon! In a holding pattern, for now.
my life is so complicated
st st stutters lol
Best jumper in basketball belongs to_________? Feel free to give a former and/current player if that keeps the offseason juices going..
Tell me more! I've seen the Cisco on-stage demos, but never a free walking one!
Hello ! Got a few presidents club lounge entries 2 use. #DoTell What r they all about? Different in ea. country? What's the scoop?
Health Insurance Infographics from HealthCompare Educate Today's Consumers on ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Design without strategy is just art. Branding should be a part of every project. Agree?
That's the #oregon offense we've been waiting for!
RT "Marijuana is one of the safest, therapeutically active substances known to man."-DEA Judge Francis Young
Ah Evans by 3rd round KO, huge upset! Don't know anyone else on the card. You heard it here first!
i mean if its what you want but you need to fuckin visit more often than not or we're gonna scrap
Who needs tickets for Sleeping Giant next Friday and wants a free CD with it?
Stole the idea from a local restaurant who makes them that way. Also uses it for bourbon hot toddys.
1lonely tear for not being able to make
I cant even function its so awkward. Omfg.. Hi guys
guess I'll just have to wear my black boots, damn, my red boots went so well with my red dress :( bummer.
Call 770.875.0244 to be an extra 4 Club Rockin shoot private theater scene;1pm CALL TIME. All ages needed including adults/parents/children
I can't wait to see is going to do. He's going to be a great one!
after I am done with work I'm game.
Will look around for your Director Position :) Franc @ sixeed
#zonamaco12 final day. Gallerists, artists, collectors are exhausted and ready for a real meal
Katz: we are in the weather business - we can predict with the precision of an almanac - but almanacs dramatically increased agri output
hey bro whats been up? all the rain kept me in today...
BITCH stop FLEXIN'
You know you wanna talk to me, bc you know damn well you love me, and you know very damn well we'll be talking soon enough.
I know where I'll be...
via "Tim Hightower will rejoin the Redskins "
Work is going to be boring for the next two weeks without my bestie. :(
I think you're cute. But you'll never know...or care. #I'mjustanothergirl
RT : Hey DENVER! Ready for a vacation!? details on how to win a SWA tix at the #SWACourt at Skyline Park tomorrow!
Your not pretty,you butt is just fat.
so i could say Happy b-day
so Bill Clinton was conservative then?
And she said "it's nothin I haven't seen before" I'm sick. This is nasty
Haha. That would be cool!
awesome, just heard about your strategy to bet against homeowners ability to pay their mortgages. lovely!
You are = You're. Just a reminder to some folks.
A goal should scare you a little, but excite you a lot.
go Monsters
Please tell me you're being SARCASTIC!!
The Grand Lodge has availability this summer for indoor & outdoor meetings, picnics, birthday parties and more! Call 503.992.9530 for info.
Who are you?
back in the stu w/ - hits on the way!!!
Indeed. RT : Early morning, you are like cruel shoes.
Homework is almost done!
u realize this happened in grafton with a AAYFL coach 10 years ago...
RT : Move your org or company to a culture where failure can lead to opportunity.
#cubs won today. sups?
Four things support the world: the learning of the wise, the justice of the great, the prayers of the good, and the valor of the brave
Been up in the lab a day checking out the future of the game
thank you my friend :) May the Lord bless you !
there is a lot of time left in this one ... Just sayin
omg I can't wait to go to the obama protest with you
I'm going to upload them to a photo sharing website in just a sec. I'll tweet the link in a few.
have you worked with us before? If not, let us know - would love to have you in for a tasting!
Hop, the movie. quite funny actually.
Weird to think how many things are different just cruisin down 95s.
I hate seeing it against my #Yankees, but Darvish is a friggen stud. Unreal stuff.
Check out Napa Hour as well as the awesome food! 2 for 1 adult beverages from 5-7pm in the bar! See you there!
Tuxedo T-Shirt Shooter With Red Vest – Black
YES it's true! Shorty's will be opening up in Boca this month. The corner of 441 and Clint Moore Rd.
It #smells like #some #nasty #ass #breath #up in #here #grody CieraMariexoxo
Size variations are popular with tile these days, from tiny tiles for mosaic applications to large, rather sheet-like squares of ceramic!!
i liked koji's comment the other night: "the haters and the cynics are just brokenhearted romantics"
Could blast Future all day. <3
RT And the time came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom. -- Anaïs Nin
i see how twitter is changing the way ppl draw attn to others in emails & fb... am i gonna be twitter txting soon? we shall see!
ahh nice. I just got it, but am fighting the temptation to play as it's a busy week.It's taking every ounce of my willpower.
I hate the devils so much, a sweep would be so sweet
Walking home in the rain with no Hood or umbrella is always fun -.-
I could frekin punch u in the face right know because I am 10 and I looked it up
Let's
Suggestion from my coworkers when I asked if I should go with curly or straight hair: half curly and half straight.
Fresh lettuce is the best!
that YA stuff is for kids, now excuse me while I go identify with this here tux-wearing phallus and/or vast gaping hole
You should be boned instead.
Skunked... RT : “: Channel surfing for boobs #fridaynight” let me know if u find any. I couldn't
I might have just bought myself a very expensive present.
Just tasted the 2003 Napa Zin we are pouring tonight in a word, AMAZING!
Stern: Injuries not from schedule - ESPN
I wanna see The Avengers !!!
I understand why they have verification but it hurts my customers.
What type of peanut butter & jelly shit.is that #ohioslang lmfaooo
project x type sh.t....lmao naw j/p
Whose the #SexiestManAlive . . . ??
how do I do that lol
Hes too nice to do that lol if he told me to i would just be like no and he wouldnt care haha
HAPPY #FLOCKINSHINDIG DAY.
RT Have camera phones encouraged unethical behaviour at the site of breaking news events? DM answer, please RT (Masters Research)
take what I can get, then wait for what I want.
I am truly happy to read that Shirley Sherrod is going to take legal action against Andrew Breitbart. She fought back and is still fighting.
whats the dress code for tomorrow?
Always claimin to be "real" but when you're approached in person you the first one with hush-mouth. lmfao!
ive come to the conclusion that were just hurting eachother...are we fighting gor love or eachother???
I hope I don't go back to slangin' yayo. Slanging yayo... to get my mayo.
Rihanna has a headache
Hey guys im a boy directioner do you guys think you guys can give me a few shoutouts to raise my followers x
You have yourself and your family . No one else .
LOL people take things way to seriously.
Skip, I love you. You'r Dallas Cowbabies will be the worst by far! 3-13. Ta"OhNo" Romo will luck out this year!
Room service is the best
i can picture the boys walking through fans saying "oh shes a directioner, another one, OH she is a directionator"
Was just faced with a dodo's conundrum. There are no words.
You've got it rough tonight, . Teen Mom is battling you for ratings.
And 4 days until the Orioles are officially eliminated from playoff contention
You never know when you're gonna wake up and a friend of yours doesn't. Smdh. R.I.P Henry. Wtf bro?!
If your bf is an asshole, leave him. Don't complain about him to all your guy friends, don't use FB or twitter to put your drama on blast.
Art Pulse is having to make some very difficult decisions this week. Growth and pruning sometimes go hand in hand...
#yougetpointsif you were a Manning fan before he Was a bronco. None of you get points!
Have fun;) muah!
A saxophone can add so much to a song when properly placed and played.
did you get your HDD needs met from Have a great weekend!
Oh shit, just came by & I forgot to ask for BBQ. HELP!!
AMAZING AWESOMESAUCE SEASON FINALE!! CANT WAIT FOR S5. to the cast and crew of #castle thank you so much for your amazing work :D :D
Ale Mary's love u but u have tempted me unduly.
NO AUDIO ON THE WEB? What Gives? I can't listen tonight! Regular programming on Freedom 970 on the web! This Sucks.
Don't fucking lie to me. About anything. Period.
Every saturday morning my grandmother comes over and either a) complains about stuff or b) ask my mom to take her to the store
Thank you for following. I sent you a direct message.
Story of my life
I wish there was 25 hours in a day
Wish didn't look so freaking bored right now
Thursday already! This week is flying by! Only a few more days till The Red Wire and Flatfoot 56 at the Gear!
We need you at the UofA.. Hope you decide to join the AZ family!
YOU'RE A LITTLE LATE, I'M ALREADY TORN, OH, TORN <3 ok I'm done (':
Priestly early user of term 'data'
Madeline is the official judge of bad game music, and she has deemed the Awesomenauts soundtrack officially worse than Trials Evolution.
Laura, send suggested additions for #medlibs in #hcsm to Thx.
That was the best thing I've ever seen
Even though I look nice in a weave lol
Trail Blazers open training camp in Tualatin. We're closed out 'til 2:30. Waiting to see players, get reaction to Roy retirement news.
Appreciate the kind words. Thanks for listening.
There is more sugar in the Powerbar I ate earlier on set than in the package of peanut butter m&ms I'm just now about to eat.
Baruch students will honor cancer patients & fundraise to support cancer research at Relay For Life tonight! Kick-off is @ 6pm.
no work today.....whats duh plan
God Bless.
Going to head into the last 9 days of our campaign. We're going to give part of the funds to the Taiwanese elders in the movie
its not, it just don't happen in Michigan
They say we're too young to love but maybe they are too old to remember.
Thanks dude! This train keeps on rollin' rollin' rollin'....
TOTS! Pretty much everyone at my work is going to VidCon!
Somehow tonite ended up with some girl faceplanting the floor. . . . while throwing up.... Picture that in slow motion.
Because, I do not take an offense to what you say does it really make it true? I think not!
#Head #Coaches from Florida, Alabama, Georgia Tech, Iowa State, Cincinnatti, Oregon State, Iowa, Western Kentucky here at Green Valley HS
you and I would hope but there's so many people who like him regardless of the constitutional atrocities he commits.
Most likely. Plus, it's probably for nude scenes which right now in my life, I personally don't feel comfortable with. :P
That picture scared me! Haha, looks pretty good! :>)
And of course how can a burger joint in NM not offer a chile cheeseburger?? Try the Chile Bliss!
U should come explore The Children's Museum of Indy's newest exhibit King Tut! W/ over 100 artifacts from Tut & other pharaohs
sent in my 1D superfan email ! its long but i wanted to answer everything to the best of my ability :) thank you
sad u never will :P
Had to cross the street through an occupy wall street protest parade today. Was almost danced on by several people, including Santa.
yes I could. My cousin lives in Tacoma too and there is a Picasso show at the Seattle Art museum.
We LOVE Mondays here! First day of opportunities. Think we'll make some CDs, DVDs & custom tees... Have a GREAT week Ya'll!!
The octo-pussy came out puss- tabulous !!
Got to hang out a little bit with some of the company members of the Dallas Black Dance Company. They were really cool!
all depends what you're trying to provoke! i think its a cool idea though, packages!
Thursday night from 7-9pm see Ben Meade, a Professor of Film & Digital Media at KC’s Avila University, curate some local short films
I draw, paint anything, check out my work...let me know and I'll give you a good special deal bro www.leocortesstudios.com
It's past noon. It's okay to drink wine now.
I've never heard Alec Baldwin fart, but I bet it would smell like Pastrami.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily. ~Zig Ziglar
you can count that CLE - accredited courses up to 12 months before you're licensed are reportable once you're licensed.
Oh! That letter was just to say hi and introduce ourselves to you. You found us on , and we're just reaching out!
Star Wars reference in chapel.
Yes, it's the lead article in Lighting and Sound America this month -- I just haven't gotten around to reading it yet.
murder > bullying on the list of evil. :p
looks great Phil!
When I was 13, Idina Menzel sang at my best friend's Bar Mitzvah. There is video to prove it!
MU game tonight, please don't sleep on Rutgers tonight. Would be a brutal loss.
Dude, AGC is my shit. Fucking love that class.
People out here are stingy
One of my fav quotes RT : In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is. Yogi Berra
Tonight's photo editing #playlist - a mixture of , , and my good friend Work accomplished! :)
#BreakingDawn. Not as fulfilling, feeling disappointed. My heart hurts.
tommy lee just tweeted deadmau5 an Instant santa pic!!!!!
hey, if there's free beer in the fridge and monday night football on your TV then i can surely make it five!
follow me bitch
yeah dude....I followed them on here lol
Chatting with a pediatrician about food allergies. They are seeing more & more children at much younger ages than ever before.
Your flopping is an embarrassment to the #NBA. Man up and stop acting!
Just had an awesome time at the #libmade webinar. Tons of inspiration for Library Labs ALA presentation and new podcast for lunchtime walk.
I'm excited about rehearsal tonight with :)
Goodnight beautiful world. #god bless all of you people, you guys are amazing. :)
Harbaugh: "I could have been more clear that I was referring to those viewpoints."
Not sure if you can sue for sexual harassment if you apply for a job in a brothel.
AIR 12 on the scene of a commercial fire at Pacific Dye Cast on NW Fruit Valley Road in Vancouver. Fire appears to be out. No injuries.
What did you do?
“: . eliminates another. Chip leader with 15 left! #inthemoney #ineedacharger”
Nothing like an on time on the spot elevator
So very many issues with the Kardashian sisters. So very, very many.
so. thirsty. apple juice... so far away!
Me, you, Luis and Kelly... Lets kick it tomorrow or Friday?
He can use this as motivation or his confidence will be shot and he'll play like crap..
Better late than never! :)
I is on Google+. Who'll find the other first?
I did that once. Developed a terrible allergy! RT I have consumed 20 mangos in the past month, easy.
Trying saying "gosh" in your head. Its so hard!
RT : RT : #Chopper10 is over a multi-vehicle accident on I-64 WB just past Northampton Blvd. Traffic is starting to...
its not pretty for the jets is all I am saying (if “: Anyone willing to update me on the Jets v. Patriots game puhhhleeasee? :)”
greetings twitter.
it aint the den
That would be much appreciated! RT : Great business concept! I will keep you in mind for clients.
Anytime hot stuff! Let's cross our fingers! PS, I'll call you sometime soon :)
Doin dr kinsman hw gonna do sum old stuff too and put my own check on it
I was also harassed by John Travolta...that's how strongly I feel about Battlefield Earth being a terrible movie.
After last night's W the #Twins only new to win 15 more in a row to get back to .500. Looking forward to that day.
An intelligent hell would be better than a stupid paradise
Thank you for taking us down memory lane. Ah, the good 'ol days.
NOSOA: Live 4 seasons in Sudbury you do not need to be an architect to realize that a glass atrium as nothing to do with the genius loci.
hahz loved that!
Everything is wonderful!
I LOVE seeing all these posts about people's moms.Its nice to see how much people appreciate&love their mothers :)..just like me with mine:)
it was on The last episode of community.
Nothing like new Tupperware!
Panel discussions on commonalities of the Afro and Latin Americans... food, fun and discussion. Admission is $20.00
at as220 drinking a beer. Was over at small point before for coffee. Their coffee is so good. Enjoying Harper's. where are you?
So NYC had a really nice warm weather today. I was able to go to two libraries, and then a bookstore.. Nice!
Amanda Palmer a) likes New Order, and b) still listens to tapes. My faith in humanity restored, I'm gonna go dance on my desk.
oh thats sad im prayin for him
Just had an edge of my seat ride watching the new show #Touch....it's a must see. Better than 24!
I guess I have time to run some errands then, huh? Thanks!
I know how to live on almost nothing or with everything. I have learned the secret of living in every situation. ~Philippians 4:12
In the end, #WIAA uses GB for leverage, and doesn't listen to GBB coaches & players' desires to stay in Madison. Disappointing all around.
RT: Latest on Favre! BREAKING NEWS Favre Spotted In Southern Illinois On Tractor; Presumably On Way To Minnesota For Training Camp
I have a secret promise to myself this summer to have the best one I've ever had...
I'd ask "Who's there?" but I have a pretty good idea that the answer would be "Beth."
#know12 Lillie quotes Lincoln: "The dogmas of the quiet past, are inadequate to the stormy present."
no, no kids, off on lovely bike ride in city park and pier, Have a good night! :)
“: I probably won't get any sleep tonight.” y not?
Musical...ALMOST OVER!
At least Marquette also beat them by 31.
agree with welcome to the big leagues,shows don't crowd the plate, cause I'm throwing inside.Hamels shdn't have admitted it
is Kim Jong Il your next big interview?
An opulent day for #recruiting #talent I think! Yesh Yesh!
I need to find more friends to hangout with.
talk that talk to me
U guys seen Fair Game?
Don't know too many top-tier IT professionals who want to go work for govt but many would give free advice. [+]
New Years Eve is just around the corner book your room now in LAS VEGAS 8 HOTELS TO CHOOSE FROM www.myvegaspeople.com
Free Beer Friday topic to be announced, stay tuned!
hoping to see you at some point this weekend- ! Squeakster reunion, haha :)
It is hotter than a plasma screen TV in a crack house outside!!
precisely, or another tribunal like the ad hoc tribunals.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. George Sheehan
HAPPY HUMPDAY my Twitter pals.....I Love You Guys
Hahahahaha lol this is my first tweet
whats wrong your acting sad :( and not DMing back! :(
Let us feed you tonight, La Salita Nation...you deserve it!
Thank goodness Brandon Marshall got out of bounds. Now Jets can kick a field goal.
when the last time you saw me pushin a whip downtown GB?
Thanks for the RT. Big loves and mwah!
The link for the blood drive indicates one that occurred on 12/19/2011. Is there a new one for Monday?
lol why are you not sleep already?
Watching Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
younger, by 4 years.
Thank you abc family for playing three of my favorite movies in a row
That's because Close out games are kinda easy. Go #Nuggets! Oh, and Raiders suck ;)
yea my sis lives down here
#USMNT v Argentina!
A lot of people don't know that Prince is a bonafide musician. Not just a singer w/a pretty face. He also knows how 2b funny 2.
getting sleepy
Did any of U C Matt Millen on SportCenter last night He was brought to tears over this situation
It's a cold morning! Lots of driving all over town today, hope the roads are in good shape. Have a good day!
Pounding out a short story for a contest right now. Deadline is Saturday! Putting my trust in deadline-induced brilliance right now.
take your lonely self to sleep !!
When people come into joes asking if we serve fish>>>>>>>>> 👿
FYI, Serra's "Two Corner Cut: High, Low" at the Menil is magnificent. Rest of show is, too.
Even Cameras Lie is playing
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. --Maya Angelou
I take classes at East Bank, but I've heard great things about CorePower and Tejas, if you're not an East Bank member. =)
I don't count $YHOO or $AOL either - they still exist but don't matter - no customer love, just inertia
Drinking coffee and reflecting on the weekend and what needs to be done.
you forgot to bee like duces.
i scuffed the front of my damn dunks damn!!!!!!!!
can I come?
Eli Manning is doing a great job on #SNL ;p :o
too much stuff running on your phone.
Cigarea.com - is the cheapest cigarettes shop online, really.
Exactly! I loved it as well. But I must confess, I'm just as excited for 'Much Ado About Nothing'! But when's it out?
I called him he said he is not ur lawyer OMG LOL baby birds this is weird
i just LOLed
IS JUSTIN ON FUCKING SNL TONIGHT OR NOT OMG. YES OR NO ANSWER PEOPLE.
VERY cool! Congrats! The world needs more kick-ass sword fighting, strong females in leather!!
fb so i can dm u
Only the Holy Ghost gives you the strength to endure the blows of those that were just singing your praise 7 days before.
Installing the Skyped interviews on iPad. This is so cool. Can 't wait to see everything together.
you belong with us Ben. Come on board!
Can't wait for Hector to teach me how to say 'Goalie has herpes!' in Spanish!!!
yeah, saw u. Was hard to escape. Lol. Thanks for attending!
Mr. Gold Finger =
You mean not a single tweet that we were in the finals?
xD Are you going to the btw ball?
At least there's only one more week until break! :D
In the end winner is content. Good content, sharable content and consumer-driven content will allow us all to have a broader spectrum of...
heard these young bucks on the bus talking about this Avrey dude who was dope. I was like his name is Avrey Smith...lol
Happy Friday night everyone :) Remember to party hardy, but be smarty ;)
Tried Rabo Encendido for the first time. I love cuban food.
I swear if it works I'll love (Sorry, I'm not writing the name) forever more than I already do.
Ugh I'm so tired about to head to work thank god I'm only there for 4 hours :)
wipe me down
dinner in Cleveland
I know how you feel. -___-
no one is more special really... just at a different place with a different perspective
MT : followed the howl....overwhelmed. I'm telling my stories & helping other people tell theirs until further notice.
Pale-skinned curly-haired Jewish girls with big eyes = Swoon. Especially the one in mind...
We all say shit then take it back
haha meant faster. Thanks iPhone auto-correction.
that would be my guess (at least indirectly - e.g., "that X is downright wicked")
U is fine as hell
Jahi how about sending your mailing address so you can actually come to said shower?
Sex Equation: Me plus you, minus your clothes, divide your legs and lets multiply!
DANG i 'liked' something on facebook that i didnt mean to... now i feel ugly, poor, broke down, homeless, slutty, dirty, rude and fat.
Watch the live at bayrevival.org, is leading worship now!
I love when babies learn how to plug the drain of the tub when trying to end bath time.
": A second chance doesn't always mean a happy ending. Sometimes it’s just a chance to end things right this time around."
Watch the money come, I'll never let it go.
i got u under my skin
welcome to twitter.
I Will Always Love You....
Dark shadows had a nice charm I enjoyed it. Awesome previews for gangster movies to come!
Burke? I think he's from the Capitol City of college football and the home of the winner of 7 of last 8 OSU-UM FB games. Right?
Ok back to work
Do u have armpit stains from the Austin heat?A Ketchup stain from lunch? Whatever stain it is,drop by at ,we can get it out!
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day! Who makes your fave sammie?
hahaha mines a reference to someone haha but I'm also listening to it
hey adam. Sorry just saw this. Sure send over the question if its still a question
"One Direction > everything else."
Is there a joke that everyone thinks is funny?
Thank you! :)
more big government, pandering and tax abuse. Same ol' same ol'
Preach Sister!
Church was amazing. Honest word brought today. God and I have some discussing to do about the subject matter. <3
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe
Thanks, man. Plenty of time to think when you're running. You know.
Off To Bed Early . Been Out All Day ; Goodnight Everyone . Can I Get One Back ?
Have you ever looked at the screen at the arclight Pre-trailers and thought, what the fuck is that blue had white blob design?
that's what we like to hear :)
I hate my iPod... and hate is a strong word.
...can we remember The Groundlings? & that most Operas had light plots so people could socialize during a show?
Will his Bug be ok? Hope it's not a difficult fix!
Happy Mother's Day!
it was true and it was fabulous! I really wish she would've done a few songs though.
Great reference on
Barry needed to avoid the fence but instead he hung out there too long. Up til that point this was the best hes looked in a long time
Got me ironing curtains #wheretheydothatat?
1000 free business cards with any order of 100 custom apparel units or more! Or 5000 business cards for $99.95 with free delivery.
KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!! interview is still at the top of many peeps list!! #V6Mtv Go Honey Cocained !
On ma way to NYC bitches
Yay! Glad you had fun.
One if the supervisors at the women's incense centers is a man; he had to go through #gender training as part of his management training!
Drinking bud light platinum like its my job in addition to Edie's pizza and wings. I love being home
Proud of #depaul for hosting on campus today.
The people in my life are my classroom. They all almost all strangers. -- Will Richardson
Why don't patrons ever remember to take off the security tags on DVDs? C'mon ppl, don't be idiots!
Hey new people! Please follow me I alway follow back<3 and I'm looking for someone to help me with this account! Like an admin!
tough shot.
Fashion in Spain is for the young: every girl under 32 is in short shorts often paired with tights and boots. Patterns are mixed and loud
hahaha...my money is on Mecca as well, but let's see if my French speaking can open any doors, lol.
"You don't set up to innovate" - Randy Rollison
Coming from you, THE HUNGER GAMES is now my first "must see" this year. (My faves incl Brazil, Blade Runner, etc).
: As a follower, you are an inhabitant on the "island", a metaphorical reference to info related to issues / event in SW ATL.
Have a great Sunday!
Special thanks and shout out to everyone who came and supported the show last night. Also we thank everyone who been purchasing the new cd
Caught the Baltimore Rock Opera Society's latest production VALHELLA and it was so awesome. It runs for just one more week.
Guess Im gonna do something about my "incredible obesity" #nomoreeating #sickofbeingfat ...
It's all subjective, no? I saw Billy Brag twice bc of you. He's good live, has smthng to say but my ears still hurt. :-)
Premium Chocolatiers (Dairy, Nut, Gluten, Egg Free Chocolates ...
how are you??
YOU BiTCHES FOLLOW EACH OTHA LiKE DAT SHiT CUTE #Cat And Mouse Hoes!!! GET DEA
my parents fought a lot, but back them most people ignored it. That discontent destroys the fabric of love.
Obsessed with 's chipotle hummus. and I very nearly finished the container in one sitting.
#AskPSanders What is the weirdest fan letter you have gotten?
Funny thing, with Yung away I become Mr. Clean House. Some work, as in work, has gotten done, but boy is the kitchen clean.
Woe, is me
HA! NO reason to be scared! was too but did great! #twittermovie awesomeness! =D
Looking further into it- it just will. No potential necessary.
i wish i could have seen more this weekend ! :(
Tune in to this morning at 6:50. & will be on to get your Tuesday morning started!
Walked out of the room with a wrinkled t-shirt on.
ha! Agreed!
This is like the second time iv ever worn sperrys and now i know why. They hurt like a mofo.
Lady Gaga and Britney Spears' songs should NEVER be covered by the Glee cast.
Have added 2 more states to my visited list. Think my count is now 38 or 39 but have to check with the map.
When songs relate to your life. thank you
Agree, although not stated in the vid. Are there any profit numbers behind it? Curious to see the bottom line for one of them.
what's good
Bonfire friday
you're bout to get blocked.
well fly high! ;-) Btw Luvin that Avi and now
I saw something that reminded me of you... But don't worry, I flushed the toilet
Walked into bar and got paid by the bartender for a gig I forgot I played.
I'm so tired and sleepy :/
so, bambi is a disney character. right? right?
Pls. contact my mom re: an interview 4 your blog:
Like it love it or fuck it #believe it I could careless
Very funny! Was in today
Author I'm editing for just called: "I have more work for you; I can't do this without you". How nice to be so needed!
ahh thank you :'D
Ah well, don't say I ddin't offer ;)
I've had an absolutely amazing weekend. Positivity in Detroit lives. I love #Detroit!
Thanks for the Follow Monday!
You dumb as shit when you get high....
Watching Idol! When you think you are one-in-a-million you actually are but not necessarily "the one." You are unique go be the best one!
I fucking hate this class.
Help us #growthegame and provide Milwaukee girls and women the ability to #striveforsomethingmore through soccer.
Got it now. And see you know what I meant.
You are welcome! RT : Thanks for the list :)
Listen to some classic Bob Marley,hope ya like Jammin' too...
not anout me
What time is it? ...GAME TIME! TERPS vs UNC @ Noon. Check out our $9 soup and sandwich specials! GO Terps!
HEY . what you doing today ?
Going! RT : sippin' in seersucker 5/18 at to benefit the We'll be scoping out the outfits!
fire and parachutes don't go well together :)
Sounds like a great event...looking forward to it!
School uniform is the worst i know its just a black collard shirt but still.
I'll meet you halfway, at fuchsia, with shoutouts to the non-shy, non-hair-in-a-bun info pros of &
Looking at the schedule, Bills end season with 4 of 5 home games in Dec. Expect last season push.
Being left has got to be the wort feeling in the world 😞
Go HAM swag yolo! God stfu with that shit. It's stupid
Headed to cincinnati today. Weathers cold, lovin and cuddling with my girl Achan.. love her
can't wait to see you at #tromadance next week!
Ready for a long days work tomorrow. Have to go to Mission Veijo tomorrow for a modeling shoot on the BUS!!!! 3 hours away from the crib!
Waiter at Outback though I called him babe. Eh, maybe he and I will get married now
It is a good thing! Value for the money. ;)
PLEASE tell me how to get the involver premium app subscription, it seems like the website keeps sending me in circles!
Do not wallow my friend!! Get inspired & check out the 4 gutsy girls blogging about their QLC's in real time @ stratejoy.com !! :)
let's catch Astro fever
Wow. Joe and I have been cool for a minute bruh... you late son!
www.madisoncurlingclub.com
i miss the cold weather its to hot in florida!
RIP Whitney Houston. Grammy winning singer and actress in Preachers Wife, Waiting to Exhale and The Body Guard.
I think the night racing will catch on!
Cancer, the growing silent killer among the Ugandan population - Daily Monitor
"Its a dark shirt for a reason"-Dan. On r way to the Turning Stone brewfest. Go to Lovin Cup if u r in Roc today
One day at a time
Red Dot has $3 Pinnacle Mixed Drinks tonight! 2498 N Bartlett
Crazy ass people acting up
All of Richmond #rva is a living, breathing pre-game show today.
nd love u both
Shorty like mine ;)
girl infront of me got the last collins salad dressing... this some sick joke
I was terribly sorry to learn of the passing of John Payton-a great friend and civil rights hero from my old firm, Wilmer Hale.
#NP EXCUSE ME MAMA BY MiSH0N
so if Mick isn't here u get mad. always seems that way
Omg. Her dad is so high .
Fantasy NBA, anyone?
Congrats! RT : At the Pfister Hotel accepting #PRSA Paragon Awards for - Great job team!
cuz I don't wanna be a loner boner by myself.
I remember one time skyped me in the middle of the night in Scotland & he looked like he had been doing some serious cocaine.
Like what is doing? RT : Hang Ten! How the History of Surfing Went Digital
So close I thought I could touch it
I heard the new Soundgarden song today. Not bad, although I think what I was wanting was "Outshined" cont'd. Cravin' the heavy!
Thanks for listening, Amy! Hope you're staying cool today.
Dam niggas are so disrespectful to girls now adays.....girls deserve to be treated like princesses not prizes that is won!
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada ...........
epic, soon my device will be full of different app/tweak/theme stores with no room for any of the tweaks xD
on the bright side this gives u time to find that loving cup!
Heading home. This morning went fast. This afternoon...not so much. Don't have to be back at work until January 2.
We put up my pool in March.
I hate how someone can just act like you never even existed to them.
emailed lovelyskin 2 weeks ago cuz I never received the Epionce hand cream i was supposed to get as a gift
time is ticking! Get those 5k race registrations in! www.juvenile.org
His mother was a Quaker, & he was raised as one, I think. Whether he practiced Quakerism as an adult, I don't know.
Are you prepared for the backlash? Internet "Heroes" have judged you less relevant than you were before, BEWARE!
The Honorable UNITY DOW will have an intense 4-day schedule of community contacts in ME leading to her lecture on Tue, March 27th at 7pm
Still on the set For a pilot episode!
Cashier: Have a nice day. Me: Don't tell me what to do.
What are the current trends in #education #technology?
Ping pong class?! Im not meeting you a Spin bar ever.
and its not the same without you...no really, it's cold and rainy!
boring people
Thanks! We will! RT : You guys are our favorite simple CMS. Keep doing what you do.
damn ' can at least one of you bitches out here dare to be different ? im tired of the same clothes , same hair , same attitudes -_-
>>> Sounds Good!
truth is, its powerful, I see its advantages over other cms's.
Just realized its Friday the 13th, well let's just see how this day goes and hopefully Jason will come out to play :)
haha I think I give him too many treats
hahaha perfect! Now, I need to start taking more pics on there :)
Tomatoes in gumbo? Y or N?
There is too much cat hair around this joint. Next cat will be of a non-shedding type.
so far so good
Had to switch the channel when Pauly D from Jersey Shore started to DJ on I hate watching dub step.
OK ! Let's try and make it happen!
Soo excited for lunch with :)
You and me both
like probably not for awhile
always has the skinny on free ice cream and burritos... "skinny" may not be the right choice of words...
Why didn't let fans come up 10th to watch finish? Lined up back to 10th tee.
currently at aloft. Just finished reminisces with at Knight's Lair - u missed jousting armor display
RT : Truly inspired by the #ascd12 stream...I will be there next year! I plan to be too!
do you still go on youtube?
a first for political campaigns!
First band meeting today, gonna get shit done!
Please be careful if you're out in this weather!!
You've got to give it to get it.
Richmond MBA students preparing for Int'l Residency in Budapest. Thanks to H-P and Morgan Stanley for hosting consultancy projects.
#ACWSSanDiego is finally here! RSVP to for the 7 p.m. hosted bar at tomorrow... #playtime :)!
My YouTube account is back up and running :P videos. Hah lame but I can say i try :)
What would the word cloud for all social media look like? How large the terms regarding interreligious and intercultural understanding?
Does anyone want to help me cause some Mayhem on Hollywood Blvd tonight?
What if Torres scores against liverpool ?
thanks for having me!
OH I'LL BE GLAD TO TAKE ONE (; lol
Rory Gilmore is on Mad Men. Yup, just frikin awesome. Well played Mad Men!
Spotify is charging to use its iPad app? What are the ads and commercials paying for? Back to Pandora and the like.
For Mother's Day #FF and and
Ha! I've thought that at times too. What's the saying, "dogs have masters; cats have staf"? I believe it.
Captain Planet is slated for the White House Easter Egg Roll ... I thought he went off the air 20 years ago
fluffy and buttery, oh yes indeed ;)
I think it means you've made it when you've been Rick-rolled during a live student social media-enriched program!
What a great idea! Traumatized kids need a guide entering a very adult world.
talk to about how she composites massive effects layers all in avid
"State of the Union" replaced with "Carnival of Carnage".
We here at CTG want to wish everyone a great Thanksgiving!
could you get anymore better with the remix that just happened?! That was amazing!!
haa if you do i will defiantly be there to watch (: ahaa
Get it right, get it tight! LOL Gr8 day all ;-)
Of course it helps! :) thanks!
lmao :3 and r u on fb rite now o.o cuz it would be easier to just talk to me on it -_-
Thanks! it was fun
maybe you should release the album on twitter and tweet it to people lol. Kill 2 birds with 1 stone! :-)
omg I'm dying that you just tweeted my Dickie doodle
Another BEAUTIFUL day in Dallas! Love this spring like weather!
Per C18-L: "Has anyone ever read about when men started using aftershave? Is putting something on the face after a shave an old custom?"
road trip to florida this summer? i think so
I'm pregnant. And going through menopause. Plus, my period is coming up.
#MattCavanuaghSays The Charlotte Bobcats are the best team in the NBA
We goin ham!!!
Curbside call in and pick up at #wethepizza. Almost too easy? Nah.
Why am I in so much goddamn pain?
There’s no next time. It’s now or never. -Celestine Chua
Now that you have started to pay attention to hockey, how will you help 'promote' it in Portland?
google's les paul homepage is very cool.
Lol...can't help but love Him!!!
I know! I wish the same!
I'm doing great bro! Hbuuuu
I truly believe that my haters are my motivators.
300,000 #recallwalker signatures does not include the 20 we turned in last night! Yipee!!
Hi Josh! I`m looking for entry level positions in PR/Marketing in Chicago or DC!
I know how to live lol
Church in 20 minutes.
buy Angie a vacation! :)
officially employed in the city of Raleigh :) feeling so incredibly lucky lately!
put it on a shirt RT : And I like books. I always have, and always will. Nerd for life.
I know but damn at least I thought there was gonna be a good OT
It's nothing now. Time to move on and find someone new.
it happens all the time :)
5 Questions to Ask when Determining the Location of Your Server ...
only you...
i wonder if God doesn't show us more than just the next few steps b/c he knows we might freak out & doubt if we could see beyond that?
Oops! media(at)nostarch(dot)com. Tweets or DM work, too. :)
RT : On my way to "Spinning Tales From Fremont Street" at opening tonight! 6-8pm! I'll be signing my w co-creators
Dont be Haters ..Bulls fans
and I can't wait for to take the stage!
Who's watching your kids while you're watching your ipad?
Need to hit the hay early tonight; 4.30am interview with about Redefining Black Power tune in (if you're an early bird!)
I need an ipod with more fucking room!
if he ask me wt im doin one mo time ima screamm !
when I come back a DC venue will be easy to find!
I love to give my son a big hug whenever I pass his preschool class in the hall. When I walked away I heard "Wow, I never saw that comin'!"
The #Saints are on the clock. That sounds really weird, doesn't it? It's their first post-bounty scandal pick in
Ugggghhhhhh nasty ass
will be catering for the Umlauf Garden Party tmro, and at One World Theatre on Friday. Get your tickets while you still can!
Bynum is too inconsistent. He should be putting up 20 and 10 nightly!
We always appreciate the RT's! Thank you.
okie dokieee! :) thanks for taking the time to try though!
I'm so down...but only if you take a hit of this weed first, Adam!
You keep calling them fake but u still act like there friend , what does that make you ?
I Like Dahh New
Our marketing coordinator's daughter started her savings account at 3 years old.
Actually, can we make it 4?
Never In 1st period doe, like.. wtf? ):
RT: Using my own relationship to diss my mothers relationship? I'd call that
Being a Mahomie isn't a choice, It's a lifestyle. :D
RT : Everybody should get the Android App .>>>> den get dat
Heal thy living friday tomorrow with Dr Ben Spitzenberger of Greenlawn Family Chiropractic. Dont miss it and get your questions ready!
lets hope i get to the mall to buy a dress #hope OR i get a date...
Do you think they can beat Baylor????
This is my #spa day: #Gym, Steaming Room, #Massage!! Aaahhhhhhh!!!
I hate it when I get picked for things I'd rather not do and overlooked when I actually volunteer.
The educational careers of 25 to 40 percent of American children are imperiled because they don't read well enough.
aw you went and made a tweet just about me. How sweet <3
I'm in Warwick on Friday, kinda down south? Want to meet up? Half way lol?
- Good luck to your Ohio boys in the Sweet 16! Gonna be interesting...
were pranking him. Tweet him saying stop then when he's like what!!! Then tweet him "Being so perfect!! (:"
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect, it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
What do you think: will Emily Maynards #Bachelorette be more or less interesting than Ashley's?
Myanmar Attracts Strong Investment Interest | Live Trading News
I'm glad you watched 'good' tv last night! , always proud of all does & pretty cool to hear about on national tv!
McRib is back=gov't surplus pork is available. Disclosure-I love a Big Mac. Also, "Gov't Surplus Pork" is a band name U can use
iDon't care abt people who hate me! I'm just livin'mah life becuz life goes on! :D
Not gunna be able to see the MTT clip. Of course the only night I leave the house, this happens.
I know when I'm wrong and I'll correct it immediately. People just need to stop telling me how they think I should act.
Im a bitch? Your a bitch. Your moms the bitch for giving birth to a bitch. Your dads a bitch for f*cking a bitch now who's the bitch, bitch?
Love and Happiness
I'm surprised no one has brought up the proposition. Has Ron Paul has addressed it?
the end of April :) we'll have to link up ! Have we met b4 love
Everyday when people pledge their allegiance to the flag, it ironically reminds me of one giant cult.
“: great hope u r doing something fun! #BBNFam” <-- Lots of fun stuff for sure! Hope yours was great too!
Having a great time with the test version of the site. Gonna go do some more #Spooning!
Met Aldis Hodge the other day, from tv show Leverage & 1st couple seasons of Fri Night Lights. He's shootin his new show in Ptown. Good Guy
We should be done in 45 mins, and nick is heading back to the house : where the fuck y'all at though?
Yes sir.
CAUSE U OFFA ME , stupid
I like your make up..LOL JOKE, it looks like you got gangbanged by crayola.
Putting together a hot new website, content and forms for the 144 team Rose City Showcase 'X' bball invitational for the tenth year!
Haven't yet, but we won't rule that out as we grow...
I have an important meeting tomorrow regarding the launch. I have everything together and you pet parents are going to love this.
you gotta come here and get it lol and I still gotta put the white chocolate on them (:
That's a shame...
fog of war, king of kong
Rancho Cucamonga Court this morning.
On the way to #iug2012. Tweetstorm approaching...you have been warned.
BridalNetwork CoCo Roux - We often break the rules of traditional presentations by creating a perfect balance of fine,decadent food.
I task you to take to the street and ask 5 people to name 5 wnba players or 5 softball players
welcome to twitter friend!
I think Petrino should ride on her motorcycle.
Never not winning.
All❤ No H8
"Turn the world on its side, and everything loose will end up in Los Angeles." -- Frank Lloyd Wright
Have a great week everyone! :-))
"Are you on the twitters again?" - my mom, every time I pick up my phone
All I know is these damn Telerik MVC controls and LINQ to SQL worked the hell out of me this week...but good motivation to get 'er done!
I'm sensing potential synergy with and this effort..#8W/8M
my friends,my bdays around the corner Suggestions: DW Merch(ask 4 Specifics) Books(request info) Clothes (yeah!)
RT : "Guilt" &amp; "the Gospel" are incompatible.
Signed. x
Baking a 3 layered cake, and waiting for #Diablo3 to finally be released (at 3am). It's going to be a long night.
Thanks to Dean Brabeck for the shout-out in closing remarks!
yeah, you and your friends are cool.
this is about the 7th time ive changed my background this week
This credit card is my bitch & she's paying for all my cocktails.
haha I miss you!
You're not going to win this, Kelly. She's a Republican. Satan is on her side.
agreed. Sunset Grille opened 7 minutes ago!
Right? I'm still going to look cute this Sunday though lolol
i've been listening to the weirdest stuff lately
who won the Denver Oakland game??
No! Mop up duty only!
GOOD AFTERNOON LOVELY FOLKS.. HAVE A MJ JAMMING DAY..Lol I LOVE YOU ALL..
And now we play the waiting game...
Has anyone done one of those mystudio things at the mall? Looks hilarious!
Your hair. Your eyes. Your smile. Your laugh. Your voice. Your personality. Everything you do. You. Your perfect. <3
No go with Familysearch. I need Georgia. It might be later this week for that.
#EliminationChamber yeah I'm SUPERCENA! And I'm gonna hit Kane with a stretcher cuz it's plastic
Williams Island includes 16 tennis courts, 3 restaurants and a 27,000 square foot spa!
Thanks to Jack and Jill of Baltimore and for touring BCAC tonite and learning how we keep kids safe
Denver friends, anyone looking for a GREAT condo? Ours is on the market. We loved living there - we just needed space for studio & workshop.
Oprah WinfreyWhatever you are, be a good one
I just learned that the side boob is the new cleavage. Who knew?!?!
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
In college, it can be tough to stay healthy. Check my baby boomer health blog at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
You're not even asleep.
Earthquakes--Jesus' Death, Jesus' Resurrection, Philippian Breakthrough, a sign of Christ's coming---divine activity shakes the earth!
I'm not going to work today so imdone with school at 1215
Thanks! You da man.
Let's make this happen!! “: I need more in my life”
haha! you're still awesome.
how's your chicken
Catch the beat - Sun Oct 30 2PM Peter Biedermann with "Music for Jazz Guitar" Be there or be square! Metuchen Library 480 Middlesex
Done (y)
