Estimate my hours to add a country drop down input on a store locator page.
feel ya sista.
was great seeing you again... Have a safe trip home...
I love morning runs.
just people sayin things behind my back again.
A book club contacted me about my book "The Submarine Effect", reading it as their book of the month and meeting to talk about it.
Mission accomplished by #RafaelSoriano despite an #E5 on #EricChavez. He gets the save and the #Yankees win it 8-5.
Man, the iPhone feels tiny now!
because I am VERY UPSET ABOUT MARION HOSSA.
Lord, get me to my destination faster!
This traffic is horrible!
Buyers still in market for smaller scale desks - Furniture Today
Congratulations on all of your awards today.
I'll be wearing a 5x t shirt & boxers by Wal-Mart. Also a very fashionable adult diapers by the State of Texas. While watching the Oscars.
Hey Iowa and Missouri: I'm planning my tour of book clubs through your area May 30-June 3. Want me to visit yours?
Voice = lost, 4hr karaoke = successful
Looks like I need to make a weekend trip! RT : First day of Spring? 8"+ new, with more snow in the forecast Thursday....
Thank you to all of the people risking their lives in and out of Syria who shared their stories with us.
yeah. i cant even buy cigs yet! it sucks. haha.
Griffin was hot boy!! But he did good!!!
And the Community Impact Arts Presenter winner is - congrats! An amazing team bldg communities wherever they go!
Costa Cruises sails to the most exciting, deisrable places in the world-more than any cruise line! Where do u want to go? Call 800-803-7245!
GAME 7 LETS FUCKING GO BOYS!
Opportunity is always knocking. The problem is that most people have the self-doubt station in their head turned up way too loud to hear it.
Saw The Vow...great movie!! ;D
What you talking about Cali? Lol
Tebowing at volleyball with (:
“ Praying 4 ” thx I need it
I am LOVING it. That's my kind of winter... Didn't have to shovel one single time! Where in Ohio are you? Sunshine is my pal.
It's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen, but it's even harder to give up when it's everything you want.
My meeting marathon has ended. My brain needs a massage.
lol i understand
Smell that? Smells like a delicious sausage biscuit. Try adding egg, cheese or hashbrowns to make it even better.
it's lions and tigers out here.
know that, you should join one so we can spar next time you come home. I got the head gear and what not
I think it's bloody o'clock
This just might work.
I love black men.
My Big Campus has changed my life! It will change yours too! rocks!
lol I'll take a shot for you
I'm glad to see you guys participating! Should be a great event.
#IMissWhen We Could Get Anything Trending. Oh Wait That could Still Happen.! Lets Get #IMissWhen Trending LEGGO!
"Trust advisors who talk about the customer experience" says Chris Davey of Sapient Nitro
#sad at least daddy is there to make me feel better :/
Kobe just lobbied to start 4th. Normal substitution has him out
#LPC (O) SW Region meeting discussing timeframe on strat plan. How long? What are the cycles? It's a "living" document
Everything about cottage cheese should disgust me, yet I still find it to be delicious.
what's gucci homie, just been working...you know how that goes.
Chicago has played well; bummer nothing to show for it RT : 2nd period is underway, #Blackhawks & Yotes are scoreless.
#InternetMarketingAgency - Flyline Search Marketing is a full service Internet Marketing Agency and Google Adwords Certified Partner!
How do you define success? Health, Wealth, Happiness & Peace of Mind? What's your answer? Create your own success definitions of these times
is going to Blvd Tavern with some friends.
remember el greg y la familia
RT : Lana Del Rey's Born To Die is beautiful. Giving it 2 thumbs up. Or a middle finger. Depending if you like MIA or not.
Out paying my bills
Trying to figure out what I can possibly do today that doesn't involve either heat stroke or heat exhaustion.
Jody-- I LOVE that idea!
I woke up believing it was a dream, but the really is following me #bestdayever #BUCN 👍👽
Appreciate it, homie!
#AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks to myself but stops bc i think other ppl can hear my thoughts?
yeah, but Lamar dosent have a job. So I wouldn't start the party yet.
like the kits, but doesn't matter what you look like on the pitch, only what kind of product you produce on it #ARSENAL!
Hello folks, please follow to find out up to the minute info on everything in Old Town San Diego!
Madonna&BritneyRulePop Monsters stepped on 2fan bases. Crazy monsters! & don't forget, crazy monsters trended RIP Madonna before. PATHETIC!
lmbo u funny its all good. She ain't Messing w me but I know she watching ask Andrea haha! He only speak when she's absent
hell yea
Ooohhh femme tech, i like that! lets do it sooner than 2014!
Can't wait to #MeetOscar via Chimpanzee In Theatres April 20 - first week donations go to the Goodall Inst.
: i just got outta work...are you all still there?
right?! I want it hot enough so I want to jump in my pool. 70s doesn't cut it lol
lol that's a good one gross but funny
Thank you,
. Thanks for the RTs!
M's prospect Rich Poythress on baseball and life: "You have to know what kind of player you are to be successful consistently."
sorry but no!
Hello everyone in Buffalo! We are expanding our network of sponsors!
NY is not on the schedule at the moment. But maybe it will be soon!
lol I know right!!
Alright Folkies, some more great workshops! Tony Moore is doing a songwriting class in St. Louis room
Just finished up workouts at The Gym. Off to Spring for round 2!
Cherry Tea <3
i want my jetpack!
who's your favorite 1D ? (:
a boi get off twitter in studyhall wats bren up wit ya though
Camper Van
Good feedback from faculty + good run with the boy and dog + yummy healthy dinner = happy happy Rachel. :)
where are the police staging?
MOVIE CASTING. Baseball Players.18+ look 16-17. Must play baseball. Non-union. Tampa. Pic, resume & sizes
IM NOT BITTER , IM MAD AS HELL !!
How's Toronto?
Watching #xfactor feel so sorry for Rachel Crow :( Come on Nicole :(
Day 3 on the Rubiopalooza Tour. It has been awesome. Big big day tomorrow. Draft gives us a chance to jeep momentum going!
How to beat Lee. Swing at a two strike pitch and hope Molina doesn't catch it. Then hope it bounces away from him. Then hope your Gardner
Just my fucking luck. I have a screw in my tire.
We've got a bold vision for bold change - follow us to learn more.
Are you in NYC?
Y do girls be frontin
RT : Does this mean Kobe will only have 2.5 rings now?
Sleeping alone after being held all weekend<<<<
I know. They will be really good next year with those 2 plus Marshall and Uthoff who r redshirting this yr.
oh my god.
can i have a shoutout?! lovee u!
That's my girl! I only wish some one had knocked the glass from my hand last night tho'
check me out at Thepropertylover.com
preshow not working guys
i ain't trying to kick it... unless its bout sum money...
Day 10 Latisse, I am starting to see some results!! I'll wait till they are a little longer before starting to post pics.
No tequila over here, just Jameson & beer. If you're lookin' for tequila, is your man. I mean woman.
are you tired ?
- Wish he would have had a cigar in his mouth too.
Okay i gotta stop thinking like this d:
Its hard to find good music
With 8 seconds left in overtime she's on my mind!.
I tried to start an "occupy the hippie convent" movement but it smelled too bad so I left. They'll never be overthrown!
I think I might! :) Congrats!
Lets go Kansas.
Union lose a critical #CivilWar battle b/c mercury poisoning? Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan and find out. $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
I don't even know what just happened.
Glad to see is tearing up the twitter world!
great and thank you!! We're still in the development process of our service. I'll be in touch with specifics.
I wonder how the Hawks owner feels about KG now?
Phone is blowing up thanks to and his dang birthday. ;) jk #iloveyou. :D
I can't wait to see you next weekend!
...the social network system is so stupid! All of my friends on fb came from myspace now all of my twitter followers came from both!
seriously. If I could chose one superhero power - it would be to sing. Changes lives lol
You can sign up with the autism team or set up your own team or fundraising page from the main Dash website
good morning gamers, happy monday!
Papers you didn't write over Halloweekend catching up with you? Citelight it!
This going to be a wonderful Holiday season. Declare a miracle, expect a miracle and watch God work a miracle in your life.
Great shout-out, interesting product RT I'll say it again... LOVE that I can tweet from !
My family is way too loud
Thank you for voting!!!
When struggling for motivation, start putting your training gear on. It will mentally prepare you to start making your way to the gym.
Well, they were pretty slow to give up slavery, so I think we know what we were dealing with.
If the Browns really wanted Hughes they could have gotten him in the 6th round, geez.
I'm lost homie but glad we got our guy.
is excited to be spending her third 4th of July in New York City, complete with Macy's fireworks! :)
Last night's concert at Westmoreland Jazz Society was so amazing! Can't wait to play there again!
Thanks for the follow David!
Making the ultimate breakfast this morning.
Me tooRT : as long as there's no lock out to screw it up, I'm for sure going! :-)
Pedi and some shopping today
Sorry but "When I win those MegaMillions Im heavily investing in Chicago's #FGC Going to build a new place to hone the skills of our players
Hip hurts</3
Seriously going to do everything in my power to never have a child born in April. Husbands family has 4 birthdays within the next week.
About to hear Paul Gillin present in Chicago on social media for b2b.
Every day is #RecordStoreDay for me!
I guess by the end of July, I'll have taken either 48 or 51 credits since September. Been an exciting first year here.
Yo La Tengo, Young the Giant, Youth Lagoon
Female & Males needed for TV show... $PAID$ msg me for info.
NO!!! elminated from #DWTS!!! Why!!! This sucks. I wanted him to win it all. That's ok, he's still amazing!
oh cool just see a lot of men in the porn industry that are bi wasn't sure about u. But I think you're pretty amazing man
Like free food? Chick-Fil-A @ 2200 Crystal Drive in Crystal City is offering a FREE breakfast item every morning next week (2/7-11). YUM.
Yay! My pill and coffee both just kicked in!!
just changed up my profile a little bit. what do you all think?
Big win for
those snakes need shelter from the rain
Question: If you have started a co or thinking about it, WHY do you or why do you want to?
Also, met two little blonde-haired, blue-eyed kids with epic dreads today and glimpsed the future of my children.
thanks :) I love it! Thanks for the encouragement. BOOM
Do the #WhiteSox have the money and prospects to pull off that move? Acquiring #RoyOswalt would cost a lot of both, right?
Hahaa , hope so . You gonna get it from me >:)
i aint gone even stunt that movie was ova funny lbs the dicator# just tweaked with my girly's now back to studying unfortunately);
I am completely exasperated! No one will make my son's birthday cake the way he wants!
ok so some bitch just called me and called me a "Stupid slut" WTF
cute outfit ! GREAT color! Blue!
hi I got to see your beautiful face today<3
haha! anytime -- I'm so glad Joyce announced on her Facebook when she'd be singing :)
little golden zinnia
Heading out to the post office in about an hour. New orders placed before than will be shipped today as well www.threadedtype.com
I can't think of anything funny!!!! Chad?
We have The Football Package, so pick a game any game to watch with us!! Let's GO BEARS!!
OH I KNOW IT DID YOU SEXY BEAST!!!! ILY<3
When did NY, Philly get so hysterical about snow? Is it a DC contagion spread via Twitter?
16.I hate math.
she has the prettiest eyes ever!!!!! If I could have a dog, id beg Chase for her!
Future or 2Chainz?
Good luck to our Huskers tonight, how often is it warmer in Wyoming?
Yeah, the melody is stuck in my head. It's catchy.
Watching the dog the bounty.hunter marathon. Can't wait for tonight season premier! #dtbh :)
From our spring workshop series: Secrets to Securing Your Next Job, March 8 at 10:30. Contact us for info or to RSVP.
Hard long week at work - no idea how I can everything done that I need to do - working pretty much every night
Just got done talking with an cousin I have not seen in 20 years.Cool beans,facebook is good for a few things.Thanks Mark S.
Ah, my Silent Screamers by Aztec/Mezco/whatever. LOVE these things. Got all the Black & White series 1 variants. Nosferatu is my favorite.
Sarcasm not noted via text can cause an ugly scene...
I use both but mostly the dashboard. I do the configuration and others help with workflow
Goes pretty good I have not look at newsgrape in awhile. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for that tweet LOL
Hope they're not steering automobiles...
that's a damn shame
Pssssh maybe not in your world. RT BONIFICATION IS NOT A WORD
Attending #eTailWest Feb 28? Join us in the panel discussing The New Standards For Today’s Web Customer bit.ly/AnEGzz See you there!
"Oh swine flu... those were the days." --anon
I still can't believe we made it 2 the #SuperBowl!
reconfirmed today that has the best pastrami I've ever tasted
Gorgeous, right?
#oomf is my bestiest friends ever
good luck today you guys!!!
RT : Is LOVING OneNote on my laptop! Bringing new level of organization to my life!!
just checked, it's gone. I will be so gorram angry if it was Firefly related...
I love when grandparents come to the library with their kiddies.They tend to engage w/their kids more than moms&nannies who chat w/ea. other
C.B. Brooks invented the street sweeper in 1896- download- InSpotter mobile app
LOLZ someone asked me if I like "one day" I'm like "one direction.....? LOL GASP
Lmao some people are so stupid, no one gives a flying fuck about Selena Gomez and Justin beiber.. They both suck lmao get over it.
Sample disaster with dry cleaner...why?
WOW!! Thanks for the
Is color on your website important? Yes! There are psychological effects behind each color & tone. We help clients make smart color choices.
Nice day
deal. I already have a black pleather singlet in the closet :p
Teaching with and our students will only use mobile devices no #desktops allowed
Hahaha whatever helps you sleep at night! :D
Thanks too everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday & who came out and kicked it with me last night at !!
Y'know what's #awesome? Coming home from a friend's birthday celebration at a local pub and not smelling like cigarette smoke for two days.
i dont like rain..
Rosemary essential oil may be beneficial for helping restore mental alertness when experiencing fatigue.
If she has a facebook zoo app on her iphone,
Always has the BIGGEST mug! Loveit!
Help what to cook with basil, mint or chinese chives, please share recipe links.
I leave to get a beer and the #coyotes score a goal!?!?! Guess who's headin back to the beer cart!?
Stop in for our award winning Happy Hour! OK, it might've not won an award yet-- but you'll give it one after a few HALF OFF drinks! 3-7 pm!
freaking fucken finals
Watching Grimm with Viggle Fri | 20 | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Excited to go on a cruise next week...
Having not read the books, I'm watching Game of Thrones and playing Likable Character Bingo.
At BSA? Stop by the Polity stand to sign up to our email list for a chance to win £200 worth of Polity books!
We have some #Ravens cheerleaders in the house.
cool! tweet us a picture :)
BREAKING: The Cutting Edge is streaming on Netflix. Great date movie without leaving the house.
Ew. School tomorrow
Also, evan turner is pissing me the fuck off.
If American idol existed in 1991 it would have been cancelled in two episodes.
Justin Bieber -_- yay break time for me
it won't let me on it :/
I learned today not to try and talk to when she's designing/working. She doesn't listen. Too focused. :)
...as a cloud passes over. Sheesh.
Enjoying a toasty bay area day from inside a cold-ass datacenter
Just saw my first celeb in the Kentucky Derby parade -- the guy who plays the perverted short order cook in "Two Broke Girls."
haha! You're hired!
Your welcome :-)
Dealin the Cards!
whoohoo, see you there, hoping for sunshine!
I'm a soft touch. But your Stand Alone had me pausing at times to compose myself before finishing. You're so good!
Great race last night! Sucked to see some great drivers exit early. But great finish and congrats to #Kenseth (go #WI)!
I remember having Bieber fever before it was cool
Wonder if JOBS told the PRESIDENT it was a great idea to send all the Tax generating employment (JOBS) to FOREGIN COUNTRIES ?
I Love My Baby One And Only Forever & Always - Her Baby Monkey :) <3
RUN AWAY!!
Happy Birthday Austin is already trending(: Heck yes<3
Go to www.ypoqdaily.com and sign up to be notified about the launch of our new social networking site in November!
I didn't even know it existed. Kudos, Fruit Ninja.
2012 film watching! #36. Ballad of a Soldier (Chukhray, 1959). Great piece of Soviet filmmaking.
I just spilled my mocha, hardcore, and I DON'T EVEN CARE. In fact, I'm sad those two sips and a half are gone. THAT'S how good #alliance is.
Does this ff only happen on friday? :-)
Even though you are not a fan of da packerz... You are a fan of us!! (see lower right hand corner)
Much too deep for me to answer today. I wonder what Yoday would say...
Yup. Glad u enjoyed RT ": were u our DJ yesterday? Such fun! Thanks for keeping this pregnant girls hips shaking!"
Google+ is not used enough for G to figure out how to use it for SERPS. That will soon change.
Glad you enjoy! MT : Follow for nifty water-tweets from #India. The exec. director is over there right now!
ugh! What's up with this week? Saw more terrible ee behavior last night that disturbed me!
"Crossed by the Border-A Historical Geography of the US/Mexico Borderlands" Carrie Mott
A total of 3 people have winning Mega Million tickets. They are from Maryland, Illinois and Kansas. More coming up at 7:30 on
Sir Paul made a cameo on 30 Rock tonight. Everything I love, all in one.
Making a new playlist, any suggestions???
Happy National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day to
A minute is all it takes to make a change.
You know you're slowly starting to get back in shape when a 3.5 mile run seems a bit more relaxing than the first six times.
Check out my pix of some of the newest items...Thanks
I want someone provocative and talkative but its so hard when you're shallow as a shower. From what ice heard with skin you'll win.
This Sunday at Screaming Tuna couldn't get any bigger! Brunch 11 - 2. S.I.N. Sunday 4:30 - 10. AND a Mothers Day 3 Course for $35 special!
please follow me I love u !!!!:)
josh hamilton had a good night.... or as albert pujols calls it.... a good season
tUnE-yArDs has become one of my favorites! that girl is awesome!
How do I find it? Can you send me an invite if that is what it takes?
If you Follow me Or At least RT it would mean to Wrold to mee <3 iLoveyou (:
Intermission at Slinging Ink @ Big Star Bar. Mary Poppins tunes to entertain. Get it? Babysitting for Fun and Profit.
At National Latina Business Women Association forum w/ San Diego mayoral candidates Carl DeMaio, Bonnie Dumanis & Bob Filner
Lots of model-types are lining up... Wondering where the classically curvy girls are.
gonna see how long i can get away with not wear shoes.
Oh no! That is sad :(
we think so, too. Thank you!
Thank you for sharing this w/me. Following your footsteps as in "...I know you're with me now, leading me further in.". -Greg Brown
thank you!:)
saying goodbye to with and ...and we're not okay :(
Happy Fat Tuesday! Where will we see you OUTinCHI tonight?
Call your momma
o cute
#ifiwasdatingharrystyles Well I am dating him he just doesnt know it yet
out why there is chunks of bread in here!"
ah that sucks.. Yeah I had work the next morning.. I didn't leave the venue til around 12. Hahaha
THRILLED! to be working w Molly Ringwald for her debut fiction collection WHEN IT HAPPENS TO YOU (Harper/Sept) Galleys avail son!
thanks for the mention!
Hey - What Exactly Are You Looking For? Is It Related to an Event / Launch? What it Your Timing?
man wtf is the move?! i'm not tryna be here!! lol
Whole foods lady: 'do you want your meat in plastic?'. Me: 'that's what she said'. Wfl:'excuse me sir?'
30yo Juan Sifuentes killed, another 29-year-old man moderately injured. 35yo Osmond Viernes charged with open count of murder.
Chrismas is on the way.
Yes, yes I am….. I am more jealous we can't go on ghost adventures anymore
I'll see what my money situation looking like...
#ff hey tweeple, show a little twitter love to a friend and co-worker
Unm why do you hate him?
how bout them #Bulls??!!
Sure ill like it :)
Thanks Mike. No. I'm not at AAM. If you could DM me your email I'll send you a little more information.
Bolton's out of relegation!...for now.
Todays gone great.
Happy LEAP Day
Ok now are you open?:) In the parking lot... Having a car dance party.
I'm playing following de leader!
People if ur serious bout ur career get at her or ur crazy...much luv 2u Lisa...great PR
Same here! What a story!
I think I just begged to add/drop because I couldn't pass muster.
I feel like it's not a place to go alone, but is it lame to say "PLEASE accompany me to the house of waffles"??
Burger king is flame broiled now tough luck Travis k
We should try and get more HAMs on here (at least the cool one's). This is a neat way to stay in contact. 73
Generally students are the best vehicles for passing on ideas, for their thoughts are plastic and can be molded and they can adj
The year is ending... see our Live interview with Salvation Army about year-end donations. KSTPTV
Ahh thank you!! Very cool to see it on there. Definitely a first for me.
I wish it was Sunday...
OK, my Square issue is resolved! Thanks so much to LinkedIn for helping me figure out who I know who knows someone at Square...
40 days until our China adventure
NOPE . Not unless I know you well
Did a test just for fun: Asked Twitterers to go to my website & send an instant txt msg, the results were disappointing. Your comments why?
Finally got my hands on an iPad. I used it at the library & like it. Awaiting gainful employment - then I will own a mini computer, too.
Watching Soul Surfer Such An Amazing Movie Im Like Literaly #Crying Very #Heartwarming :>)
Gonna learn how to play on new piano.
Gearing up to shoot the FABULOUS Shannon & John's wedding in Milwaukee today!
has a way of living life with class.
Go get it, gurl.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer46
Obviously I haven't had much time to dwell on social media. But seems like everytime I load up GooglePlus it has a new layout. Blarg!
Those tickets are nearly gone so go get 'em at > www.bignightdc.com.
Congrats to Sandi and Bonnie getting married on their 25th anniversary. Im the DJ! Beautiful evening out on the water
hahaha she weighs over 7 stone! She's massive and still a pup :D
Of course!
some days I would say yes. But MUNI has the CTA beat.
Why the hell does have a Twitter..?
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. - Alfred Lord Tennyson
If I had walked home from the Med pregnant....no one would ever know. Some shit u should keep to urself!!
Enjoy Skyline Chili
I miss Shakira
#GoTribe FUCK HOECER TALKS TO FARMTEAM. AND TRIBE. STOP TALKING TO ME IF YOU EVEN KNOW THEM ON A PERSONAL BASIS. GO DIE ...
We have added many new (allergen free) products that are so delicious and good for you too! Come visit and decide for yourself.
"It’s not just being funny. It’s being proud of your stuff & doing things that other people couldn’t do.” Ricky Gervais. HBO's Talking Funny
When I've seen it, the nudity is usually implied and the actress stands behind a screen
hey guys, we r possibly going to be in LA next weekend. Are y'all doing any kind of LIVE shows then? Would love to see y'all
fawk yew. bye
#GODBLESS A SEXY MAN!!!
Me neither!
When you lose your Bestfriend <
Me and my wife are the type of chicano couple who steal each others bandanas and then argue later about wich ones really belonged to who.
Just got home..
yea it still is. Do u have an android phone? Cause androids be doin that to pics.
Never judge a nigga , before you judge yaself
By dwelling on the negative we are openly inviting more. So please ignore this post.
Herman Cain is running for POTUS, but will get on the GOP ticket as a VP candidate. He'll end up being Mitt Romney's own personal race card.
By answering "no" to "Can you stop (the Thunder)?" , Kobe wasn't waving the white flag. He's not quitting, either. Come on now guys.
u don't have to lie hahaha
Nice to meet you Pratyush I received your hello and hope your having a nice weekend
she is the sweetest person
If Mayor has his way, Libraries will go from 20% below regular staffing to 30% on July 1st. Less hours. Less service.
casually waiting to see if you pop up in my followers list, cause i know it'll never happen :/
I like the wysiwyg module because you can expand on it with things like the IMCE Bridge. Plus config is easier
yes i knew that but i didnt realize you were still 14!
XOXO to all of you from me too ;) RT“: Kiss!!!! See u in these days <3”
We all have that one person we didn’t appreciate enough, the one person we will always regret letting go of.
Girls, next time you're feeling bad about yourself, remember there are homeless men that would holler at you in a second.
watching #preppers haha I may havta get my prep on
The American #Heart Association recommends eating oily #fish at least two times (two servings) a week. Each serving is 3.5 ounces.
interesting documentary about for-profit colleges- Frontline: College, Inc.
its definitely going to be in july..but I'm not sure what date because I haven't found a place to hve it :-/
Manning is a perennial playoff qb, the Colts sucked at building a team around him. DEN will give him a lot more to work with
was gonna cuss u out for not texting me back BUT I texted the wrong number lmao
You guys are having a crazy train ride!
Guys remember: When you are sitting there all day playing Call of Duty, your GF is calling some other guy to do your duty.
Gotta start getting ready for the Red Carpet. Dang it...I should've booked with # :-/
I miss you. Not in some cheesy, let's hold hands & be together forever way. I just miss you; plain & simple. I miss you being there.
It's still not that different from the rest of the states in the union in this respect though, is it?
You are!! You're ugly and that's true
Had an awesome day today... got to hang out with friends i haven't seen in 3 months... it was a great reunion! i miss them all!!! :'(
Brush out any tangles before shampooing. It not only makes life easier, but avoids unnecessary stress on your hair later.
Omg so in love with the Michael Jackson tribute antm episode!!! Amaze!
I am glad - found an herbal tea that infuses a beautiful pink for a tea party this month - Let's Do Tea Passion Flare - tastes good too!
Yay for spring time everywhere. (Not here just yet though)
no, we arnt starting that.. No.
Pens win and they won't be looking back...enjoying my victory drink
I like movies, but everything about the oscars are a turn off. There are better and more inspiring people out there
I had a great workout!
Definitely a 10. Valentine's Day is big for me.
well good thing I moved from there lol !
Good Luck to all the IMM followers that are participating in the triathlon tomorrow! Make sure you stay safe and hydated!
do u know she is in love with u lol litterly she said shes staying single 4 u but shes my friend soo
Yeah. But long hair around the ears is gross. Ha ha ha. Up on top is fine enough.
just cuz it's second semester doesn't mean schools any better
Orange juice + Cherry limeaid + gin =
RT : We are starting to get great auction items in! We have growlers from ! Thank you for the donation!
omg i love your icon! bahaha thats adorable :)
Burned the roof of my mouth on some pizza :\
Watching ABDC again.Can't get enough of the ICONic Boyz<3!
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when you beg them to send you a naked pic.
So happy is open until 9 on Thursday - one more museum I get to explore before I leave for Boston!
Thought - provoking, actionable keynote from #hbs prof norton
pot of gold and leprechaun is priceless...not gonna even approach the innuendo there
only 55% of Americans know the sun is a star. comparatively high percentage??
CAN YOU DO ME A HUGE FAVOR??? PLEAAAASSSEEEE AUSTIN?
Tonight, WE ARE YOUNG.
Just learned about cool intiative from a colleague
I am definatly going to cry when turns 18 .
you would be the coolest person I know. Oh wait.... You already are
Denver won the toss, this games over
Goodmorning y'all! (:
Every defensive linemen not a rookie or named Raji. lol
Bringing in the Boonbooree for CJ.
RT Nearly every GOP senator voted to double student loan rates. RT if you stand w/ the President to keep college affordable.
Had to do my hair today so I can look good 2ma
I feel like this is much more of a religious problem than a government issue. But I understand where both sides are coming from
Even Wiz Khalifa can't get higher than gas prices.
she was gone too soon
20k probably not a huge stretch. Maybe 15ish?
We're doing a live interview RIGHT NOW at www.blogtalkradio/newmusicinferno!
When your dad makes homemade soup for you (:
congrats RT : rec'd perfect score on research paper: #females in #sextrafficking: #drug dependence
You provide MY Beiber alerts. Get back on the job!!!
Don't #tellhimyoulovehim cos then their dynamic will change and the show will get cancelled. Do it when the show is ready to end.
I was goanna go to bed but what for I don't have to.wake up early (:
Photojournalists Scramble to Video. Is it Worth It? - PBS MediaShift
He on them games. And I'm not with all that bullshit. Nigga you can go.
yes - now my question is can I make it our mantra or is it a turnoff?
notice also that he was rocking the white line woodblock prints before it was a thing.
I wish I wasn't fat.
some insane wines here tonight. Micro-pours but good.
What you goin to VA for?
yall should retweet me please i need more followers lol
The CT scan confirmed that my left ankle has degenerated to the point of dislocation, so I'll need ankle fusion surgery.
Do you find that the latest version of the DLM doesn't sync tracks to iTunes reliably, or is it just me?
u should get an award :D <33
can't wait for this fight.
Streets Department: You skipped trash pickup on my block yesterday. In 100-degree heat, it's still sitting there. Why?!
thanks anyway I can help the team
We're looking forward to the #nwsa2011 panel on Anzalduan Studies for 21st century. Our current issue has articles on Anzaldua in the world.
I oppose SOPA
Baking some BIG Key Lime Cookies today!!
thought you would like to see his set up. What's the key? Volkey!
“To tell you the truth, we have some very cool things in the works that I can’t talk about right now,” continues the singer.
The one clear message from UWM's hiring of Geiger as AD: School is serious about future of its athletics program.
Thanks for sharing and adding MentorMob's tweet!
That awkward moment when your mom ask if you like boys or girls. Wow mom just wow.
JUST USED MY NICKNAME ON TWIITER...IMA BEAT YOUR ASS :p
Super excited for Clementine's spaghetti dinner tonight to support the Hamilton Crop Circle kickstarter!
Interestingly, they have an ongoing Filipino film series, so this fits right in. If you go, let me know what you think.
we split up the conferences, Ben is going to Mac Admin
na I'm I'm Houston lookin ta hoop somewhere, where York at?
post pix, post pix
Every year!
Why is this lady talking to me about heroine... o_o
Drinking a great bottle of wine @ the portland bottle shop. "Carm" for under $14 a bottle!
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious - Albert Einstein
I feel I'm not on here enough. I'm sorry! I miss you all, especially the sassy librarians. I'm done with the semester do I should tweet more
To you so called inspiring Rappers, there'sa difference between Ignorance and Talent. This goes for some you so called im hot rappers.
RT : Lady GaGa to enroll at Maryland after seeing those uniforms hahaha
what's been good with cha?
Everyone over to
i was woken up at 8:00 so that i can sit on the computer till 3 and do school work, so much for summer!
169 followers. ;D Larry Stylinson popped up in my mind. Is that bad?!?!?!? -AliPaige
Well, I stretched this leap day as much as I could! Off to bed now after a busy and productive day, big chunk of #practice included!
Thank you! I'll keep an eye on Lynn's web site, but if you hear anything else, I'd appreciate it.
#CobraStarship are amazing. And #Sabi can SING!
Matt Flynn did great most of the game... Clueless in last minute. Ah... Inexperience... Shady Brady and crew pull out another one. Z.
So.... who needs tickets to the Bone show August 5th, eh? Anyone?
One Gnat in the studio. you know the thing is going to eventually find wet paint.
Hear about the "I'm too cute to do homework" tee that Pennys pulled recently?
that's what I'm saying haha. Let's get some ppl togethet
“: Hoping for a night of pacers, celtics, and brewers dominance. #bucks #brewers” Go Pacers! #We'veGotSomethingToProve
Welcome to Richmond, #PhiKappaPsi National President Tryon Hubbard! Congratulations
Passing the famed 49 and 3rd....some nyc history
I love these apartments, u go ouside to spend some quality time with your cancer stick and ppl slam windows and cough up a storm
I agree!
Thanks to our newest #FFs !! www.allstategc
"Justice is love made public" C. West & the joy & purpose of working for it is as much in the act as the outcome. The arc of the univers ...
One more week till #FIFA12 comes out. Can't wait to get it
I work in PR for the Public Library
You are depressing me...
What you know bout that...
Keep up to date on the competition with Google Places.
okay. Let me just work up some fake vomit to show the managers.
98% OF THE NORTHSIDE BITCHES WERE WEAVE ALOT TRACKS TOO
Nice groove to that tune, thanks
Apples are good, but too much of a good thing..
that sounds awesome!
Story of my life.
Check Out New Music Tuesday On VLN TV! Peep the latest releases from Mayer Hawthorne, Johnny Gill, and Nappy Roots! Right here on VLN TV!
That amazing feeling when your crush texts you first.
- thanks also for the follow - happy #WW!
if you are deed correct bcuz you r in the know, ok but.we know when high profilers are on our roadways
it's not so gray in Modesto! Go outside and smell a rose bush they are exploding blossoms ATM!
Tip: Molds can cause property damage to the surfaces they are attached to, these surfaces will most likely be wet and high in moisture.
to "I think when you spread the dog meat around, it's good for everybody."
Let's all just wave this "lost fan" a big, fat bye! :D
thanks for the love
re:Tiki Bars bit.ly/sTvuO1 - When did they go out of style?
With my favorite hoes tonight<3 & oh and blake(;
Excellent! We hope to see you again this year! // Way ahead of you. Last year you were my #gencon lunch every day!
Goodbye Alabama--we will be praying for your recovery and we'll see you soon.
Im Sorry But I Jus Have Too Much Class Tobe Seen In Central Stations.
so my son just got back from Sinaloa mex, on thurs ate a pig that was cooked that day, he has no sympt should i worry?
hey!! Do u still wanna go see titanic next week?!
glad I'm not the only person who does that!
The function of a rubber duck is to keep creativity afloat when one runs the risk of drowning in boredom during bath time.
omg knicks. really?
RT A good cold-weather drink at Entwine:Savage Scots (chipotle-infused whiskey, honey syrup, whiskey barrel bitters) Yes please!
These shorts i bought to sleep in look like boyshorts on me, i think they were meant for girls with no ass or thighs lol
follow me and the rest of the World Vision Horn of Africa response team
u partying tonight
My pleasure! Enjoy down to earth, from the heart, tweeting! ;)
haha...I had a traumatic experience.
Have A Nice Day :-)
I played like straight shit tonight. No Excuse. Explains y I feel like this
same here lol
Thats a little better.. Glad Conrad is out of there...
Yankees in Bmore to play 1st place O's and Nats in a early one with Strasburg/Bryce in DC. wish i was back in DMV to see one of those!
see you all there!
Have an incredible skydive Nick!
And this is because I have no soul. The caffeine fills the void. The steamed milk fills my belly. And the chocolate, well...
Exciting day - we're finally finished mixing the new record! Huge thanks to our producer B! Soon some new music coming your way...
The main idea is to prepare yourself and gather as much info regarding the industry
Really want a loli pop :/
we have had to move #tacotuesday to Wednesday due to weather... just doesn't have the same feel
Is it about catfish? If so, riveting.
This day will be a great day!!!!!!
That sounds like a great plan but I don't know if I want to do 2 TMs in a year. lol
It's opening day for the ! I wish I was going
AHW omg I'm so happy for you! :D <3 that's awesome!
I don't know If I have ever mentioned this but I love so much.
I have turned into cookie monster.. I swear! Keep me away from your cookies!! :)
Funny dream last nite - 1st caveman to use club writes popular autobiography on cave wall, inspires hit song (sung in grunts) "Feelin' Fine"
So if went to the MMVAs with , where was ? SMH. he never goes anywhere with JB.
so cute!
Ah. Wasn't me.
Eliminate Prejudice Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DAD AND ALSO TO !!!! Woo January 11th!
#NDSA 2 set record straight, James Snyder, LC MBRS, said 'All digital preservation is physical preservation' not
His dad used to let him play by different rules RT : BS, mine is tpnyy, jenniferr's is jennip, & matti's is Javier schwartz
SIRENAIDE (Usage) The Sirenaide assisted Ursula in her sirenade that when life hands you lemons you make lemonade...
awesome, thanks, and nite ;-) what time is it there?
moist. Sgdycfuiredjcnvfre dying brb
Morning all..bout to head in to work may my sanity keep for the day. Praying for my momma to get good results on medical results tomorrow.
My old head says true love doesn't ever fade...I'm starting to believe him
I had heard bits and pieces... I especially love his name! And ESP glad Mickelson didn't win!
Fabulous. #legalchat still going on? when?
have a start-up idea. You list as a poet, aspiring actor, or cover band bassist. my app will instantly change it to unemployed.
New day new challenges new goals
Doing the best I can at the moment, Chris. Healing from a leg injury, drinking coffee and watching snow fall outside. Best 2 U
Just got Leaving For Aedan in the mail.
On a related note: how much vitamin C do I need to take to make this cold go away overnight?
joke is definitely on us. RT Punked. All of us, I tell you! PUNKED!!
That train line is my least favorite thing about this neighborhood.
would love to when the next album comes out. sign up on our email list for news! . cheers!
currently reading Vindicated book. Pretty good and pretty interesting. On page 119 Mitchell Report
bRrrr freezing out this morning
LOL ~ I've been twittering since I started hours ago!!!!!!
You can't fix what's been broken. Even if you try to glue it back, the pieces that make it whole, will never be the same.
I think you may have to send out a pic of the dish when it's finished. Just so we all know you're not just teasing us.
A friend said it best I think, "We looked like the expansion team"
ME!!!!!!!! You should just always pick me... I wanna do EVERYTHING! Haha
fan first.
can i schedule a pick up ahead of time? thanks!
Working on Spanish homophones with the kids
Good morning world! Thanking God for blessing me to see another day🙏!! Very productive day ahead of me😊
She said thank you :)
We have some great things in store for you! Thanks for being great to us! :)
DAYTON,OHIO INDOOR PERCUSSION W/ and And
I See You Barney Lmfao
I don't have your iPod number!
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 6
who ya rootin for tonight?
TGIF & have a wonderfully relaxing celebratory weekend!
Love isn't perfect, it's consistent.
Really tempted to get the book on indexing while buying textbooks today.
When is god going to tell white people to suck it!?
im folding tons of papers lol
You know what makes me sick, it's the fact that you look like a whore.
What could you do if you had absolutely no fear of failure?
Is going to be a groomsmen at your wedding?
silly blog
OH: emails about having lunch with elephants is not an appropriate use of the red exclamation point
thank you!
Some chill air and a cigarette before bed. I remember having more energy...
DAMN TOM!i thought a creeper had my number!lol
Outside on the Honey Loop for the next couple hrs. Saw a sweet playground at Jacobus to do some boot camp!
"Charlie Murphy!!!"
Huge Event Loren...Definitely gonna be Special ;-)!
Two sleazy people dating or getting married is no bueno
#diydays Speaker points out that they chose not to use a map to show geographic info for "What is American Power?" because it's seductive.
Let the #Flyers goaltending controversy begin.
Shawty bad, yeah she a star
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. ~Nelson Mandela
nonsense conversations...i happen to love those
I love my family... I've gotten texts, tweets, phone calls, and facebook messages all to remind me to vote. LOL
Never! Had to cancel my trip. Not only did I miss a chance to see you but I missed the Salt Lick too!
Ah I hope he sends her home!!! Be smart for once Ben!
You are important.
think I just spent the last 2 hours at a gay bar with my girlfriend...Ybor City has me messed up!
Hi everyone how are u ya'll doing i have got a busy day ahead of me, so i hope you guys all have a wonderful day!!!
Kindle touch looks like a winner to me!
what happened to ur leg :(
Info on release coming soon! RT : this looks good
Piez: Technology-level data model (LMNL) allows building new higher-level data model of texts, exposing e.g. narrative structure
So excited to be working as a RAW artist with !
wow, don't they all know they have cameras in the car?
oh my god, just when I think you can't get anymore perfect you do GOD
Classic mistake from a rookie
Me too! When are you coming?
Not much, really. Except the attention of trolls. :P
Crab cakes Benedict + Seafood Crepes + Stuffed French Toast + Bloody Mary Bar = Best #SundayBrunch in #Dallas!
And today shall be declared, "The day for tying up loose ends." I hope that works.
: who is starting at center?
sir I'm so done with your tomfoolery today
“: Hey guys. You can help today! Use #MKETwestivalCares & they get $1/tweet from !”
"I had a very specific idea for the Twitter account. I wanted it to reflect the mission of the magazine, to be a voice of...
It's snowing!
G just referenced Aqua Teen Hunger Force in
What an incredibly rough week. Haven't seen the gym in TWO DAYS! That headache must be withdrawl
hopefully because of Ovi not being there Neal will be able to go. he deserves it.
Come see me on Monday morning and I will be happy to help you and clear things up. I'll also send out a senior phone call.
Except all fans in
Been good bruh bruh, heard you doing big things playa lol real proud of you my boy!
In the Lion King, Simba was 4 years old when he saw his father die. That must have been pretty Scarring. #punny is a genius
seems like forever to get 20 more followers -___- i was at 2900+ for like 3 months.
Oh yeah, Shailene Woodley. Should've been nominated. I don't care if she has a whole career ahead of her. She was amazing in The Descendants
good to see you back on tv. Sports show is great
hope y'all enjoyed it, doesn't happen too often
#iLoveWhenYou hate, all it do is modovate
I does anyone else feel like they are being taken advantage of at there job bcuz comin in at 3am just ain't wat that iz.
It would still help you in 2014 if it's passed now!
Sometimes I wonder why the truth hurts more than a poorly made lie?
please, please, please, follow me?(:
Term paper due, but I got no thesis...falling into pieces...I will be back next weekend
driving to work some stupid person decided to cut me off..
ok. i'll add it to my list. for some reason i just started Anthony Bourdain's first book - "Kitchen Confidential"
Thanks so much!!!!
you missed and our crazy crew!
Hi Tomas, we are a virtual casting room that is in beta! Feel free to check out our website, you can find out all about us. Thx
A what everybody geting on tonite
Good god the 3 point contest is BORING!
Good news: The "Shame" soundtrack will only make you want to kill yourself half as much as the movie.
Most annoying thing ever
$3 HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS! Select local drafts, house wines, rail drinks from 4-7pm!
Me and gunna rock this presentation tomorrow!!! Lemme get a "WAY OH"
cow face
This Thursday is my Friday and I'm pretty F'ing excited about that.
Whoa, it's up? That was quick!
Why do things have to be so complicated!!
What albums are on your yearend list for 2011?
3 friends,..and I like them all!
I like David Macaulay's series on different "buildings" in world history-Castle, Cathedral, Pyramid. ...about an hour.
Yes. I experienced it on the Innerbelt bridge on my drive to downtown in Cleveland.
It absolutely did :)
Viber just gave me a notification asking me to send you a welcome text! So proud of you for making the switch :D
Shoutout !! ": the 1970 Jacksonville University team was an NCAA Cinderella long before anyone expected Cinderellas
Love, love, love final exams -- if someone makes money off of them. But if Pearson can't profit, what's the point, right?
Ok mom...that thing where you put socks in pairs, I guess were not doing that anymore
Just submitted to the 100% digitally - didn't have to mail them a single thing. 2011 is a beautiful thing.
I was HAPPY when she picked him. Then I was like Fuck now what once she turned
I guess I'll just watch re runs of true blood tonight :)
good luck to ur boys. Chomp Chomp. Beat Bama
doing the dance in my head. :-)
Wow, this Madonna chick sounds a lot like Lady Gaga.
we didn't think Casey Anthony would either
lol. I like it.
#Cole #Aldrich sent to
yes. just sex in general plz
thank you!:)
My brother hustled me and some regulars at pool last night at a Old Style bar in the 'hood... Good thing we told them we grew up in s burbs
The surface of the human skin is 6.5 square feet (2m).
Top secret stuff. Mainly ingenius ideas and racing old guys for donuts. You know just the usual.
What do you think about George Zimmerman's 2nd Degree murder charge in the shooting death of #trayvonmartin?
Watched Unknown w/ Liam Neeson last night. Action packed thriller that kept me trying to figure it out! He's always such a solid actor.
thanks for the follow, Linda! Cheers!
We are nearing the 50 mark and the day is just starting & that doesnt include any Goodwill retail drop offs :D
lol thank you mister!
…I would remind myself that grades don’t necessarily reflect how much one has actually learned, just how well one did the work.
It's on my Xmas list!
Ozzy Osbourne is trying a Vegan diet after watching Who would ever image. Go Ozzy!
Haven't had any Michael dreams since Derek came into my life...so weird!
Wherever he goes Im not going to leave. Im here to stay.I am SO happy for him he deserves everything. He deserves to live his dream.
Do your salon windows talk? They should talk about beauty, hair, tanning, nails, etc. Whatever it is u do, ur street windows should talk it!
#TheSaddestPart I wish I didn't wake up tomorrow.. #StraightUp #PrayersUp everyday. Pray 4 death all day, I hope I am here for good shit!
went to the eye doctor and have to get bifocals :( and they told me that my headaches aren't from vision so I have to go to the doctors soon
tomorrow is another fiesta event, King William, another that I go to pretty much every year
Today, I'm grateful for my department colleagues. We may disagree about matters great and small, but even so, we have good conversations.
its like you're surprised
follow me please ?
Be aware: If you shut a veteran with PTSD down, you might not hear the story again. #NECIRvets If you don't think you can do it, don't.
Always a good call to bring in Loe vs a lhb & with an ump with no low strike.
I know right she really is something else
RT : Q1 Mindfulness meditation has roots in Zen Buddhism, helpful for #anxiety management, doesnt need to be spiritual
tell him to pull the trigger lol
Have you tried Twilight Teeth? U.V Accelerated Whitening system that whitens WHILE you tan! $30 and receive a free tan!!
hang in there. Do what momma told you and all will be well
thanks for sharing it with us :)
"Killin the cynical vibes with clinical rhymes"
CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS
it is amazing!
I woulda called 2Pac westside but he did get around b4 landing there. Kurrupt also
Where is leadership needed? Everywhere. (Chuckles)
Thanks!! Yeah, I've tried all types of variations. I knew they were still alive per other documents I found..frustrating..
Working with sound editor Marika. We listen to some of the original takes. Incredible how much she had to fix. She even removed loud rain!
i wil put up some previews soon..
WHO IN SATOWN HAS AT LEAST 100 PERSON FOLLOWING AS AN ARTIST? LOOKING TO BOOK THE TOP ARTIST IN THE CITY. 210-823-9448
Artists need loyal fans! It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
No. Seriously?! Hahaha RT : #ThatAwkwardMoment when beats me at something.
. and started speaking in incoherent sentence fragments. (2/2)
hehe, thts a good thing for me.technically it is for u too cuz u wont be abused
Yeah, I know rt. LOL But actually it was Chris Matthews who said it when talkg abt the POTUS. Arne dnt say it. RT :
you tricked me - for a second i thought there was a new pink carbon decal ;)
How much you charge mane???
Stay high
Finding out what people in the local market enjoy. It doesn’t matter what you personally like since you are not the paying customer!
he and I have the same last name, I used to tell people he was my uncle as a kid...not anymore...
Happy Easter !!! Can't wait for an amazing meal with the family ! 🐰
- just noticed your question back from July, the answer is yes :)
you have erry reason to be positive my dude- you're many ppl's favorite MMA fighter bc you always throw down, & you're funny!!
good question! 'Do not get loud with me, sir!'
So what if they bandwagon?! People just mad cause Lakers lost & they getting swept
Call me or email for a signed copy of my new book age of the beast coming out late may thank u forbelieving in me Facebook @ twitter
taking off now .... morning. Muah!,and roger that. #prettysickgirlclub me too
so 98% of MUFC fans never been to see them play. You one of them fake Donny fans?
Winner, winner, chicken dinner
hahaha I was like wait what?
Enjoy your time in Cleveland. Stop in and see us!
Admit it, once in your life, you’ve tried to guess someone’s password & .. you failed.
A big thank you to the Delaware Humanities Forum for supporting DCCA's SUPERstructure Symposium!
Thats what up, whenever u need me Im already there, its gettn done.
In that case, they all must be thinking what I'm thinking. ;) Kidding! Sort of.
thanks for following! Hope you have a great Friday!
Why do you think I am on twitter?
Umm yes, yes, yes and yes! Sunday I'm all yours :)
I truly haven't been this bored in a while. What's everyone doing 2nite?
I figured as much...will have to wear my kevlar the next time I see y'all!
Class of 2017 .
I want the Giants to win as badly as I would if the Colts were playing
I did lol RT : My crack dealer started selling gasoline instead.
I love #FromThisDayForward yes :)
Ya boy Finna #Smash some Ham Burgers and French fries..not to long got off work and making it home...
This dirty ass bitch just tried to come for me..... don't do it is all imma say !!!!!!
Newt is very smart but unfortunately in a kinda vile, evil, despicable way.
Check out Fan Page Promote
: I love #superbowl commercials! What are your favorites so far?<<I liked the Bridgestone "Reply All" one myself!
even "you look nice today" means "You usually look like crap"
Ah the cowboys look much better this game
WOW. Thanks for that info, Facebook.
You know you're bored when you actually want to clean...
Jen Vernon-- performance opens doors to dealing w/ traumas
i love pink !
Yes...great article. If you are looking for other great hikes around Las Vegas check out www.LasVegasOutdoorAdventure.com
Movie recommendation is Samuel L Jackson in "Jungle Fever"
“: kinda but ETSU HERE WE COME!!”Hell yeah!
Kenny Chesney's "The Boys of Fall" may have made me a Country music listener!
Ready for TONIGHT #LALive. Come join the fun! opening!
I love Such a loyal friend and team member
Sorry sissy
YIKES! Don't you get 6 points for just getting your name right?
Nick Freaking Swisher go ahead 2 run jack in the top of the 10th at Camden yards!!
"You'll never be perfect, nobody is, people just have to accept you for who you are."
Former Muhlenburg North,St Catherine, and Southeast Missouri State star Dewayne Saulsberry is assistant at Laramie Co Jc.
Thx for the Mention
I'm not gonna test an iPad. Don't send me spam.
Best dressed...Michelle Williams & Rooney Mara.
you're at piratz tavern aren't you?
Surrounded by angry older people for the next three hours..exciting!
I fucking hate group projects.
Nice day in NYC I hope mother nature keep the heat coming
I feel like I'm instigatin lol
Athleta, the same company that has GAP, Old Navy, etc
it's ridiculous
Hope you all enjoy your Memorial Day. Rhonda says it's going to be great!
Crossing another sports movie off the list w/: Coach Carter. What a team of boys.
Good mornin everyone..don't waste ur life worrying bout everyone when u should be worrying about how to make history!!!
Cat: I'm not eating this. Me: It's tuna. Cat: This is *flaked* tuna. I eat *sliced* tuna. Me: IT'S TUNA! Cat: It's bullshit
I am officially obsessed with the draw something app. Anyone else play? I. Cannot. Stop.
I won't stop until I've made a difference.
What ingredients are in your favorite smoothie?
That's great! I know she was looking for an intern. I think you will really love working for her!
thank you! Have you heard the rest of the album yet?
Hey everyone, be sure to include us in your #FF today and we will do our best to retweet them all!
Great to connect, Aaron! RT : Thanks! #NowFollowing ~~> ...
I have no idea but I really want twin daughters like real bad
Yep. Watching.
When I get Jay's mailers I always feel like I'm just getting an email from a friend and not a famous person who's never met me.
happy birthday
Haa that's funny cuz I'm beating Weekend at Burnies And Jet Files through my Bose now getting lit looking for a fit
Nope, you can't have it. Forget About It.
Bron hasn't done that bad recently in the 4th
What is too much for #God? What can't He do?
aw cute
Happy birthday to 🎁🎉🎈 love you <3
you know it's going to get better! We have ours!
Wally warms up his pipes next on TMD
its sunday, officially.. monday? school.
CONTEST! CONTEST! CONTEST!
Articles, tips, ebooks, ecourses and more...they're all helpful but don't forget to take ACTION with all your newly discovered knowledge.
Today is the best day for some Pozole , oh I want some right now . o:
What Ray Rice fumbled once in 2010 unfortunately it was the game against the steelers.
RT thank you for the follow, are we going to see you guys at the nra show this weekend?
haha. do you have GTA? when should I head down?
Omg when i saw this video myh jaw droped !!! some reasons is why i like asian people !!!
Hi Stuart - Thanks for sharing the message.
New international students are on campus for Orientation.
she might be cray too!
Thanks! We love hearing from such longtime fans :)
I'm just up cookin garlic rice w/ bacon.. Wtf is wrong with me lol
it's the shit. So worth it. I got bumped up to some exclusive free Zappos shipping, too!
I feel so geo aware.
#OrlandoMagic will need patience,poise and perfection to win tonight
It's our holiday surpise! RT : CAN't wait until December!
dude, I spent all day Sat putting together a Little Tikes playground. Never more explicitives uttered over a toy! Also exhausted!
Hi there! Nice 2 hear from u. I did have breakfast 4 dinner btw. ;) RT Ahaha.. LOL dj ;) RT Breakfast for dinner?
#daylightsavingstime2012 ... Less than 5 days away!!!!!
No sweat, no blood, no tears And if I tell you it's the shit Then BITCH THAT'S WHAT IT IS!
And the #sixers lose too. Great night for Philly sports. Both games we were in a very favorable position to win. Both games we lose
I hate when people smack their lips 😏
The speech my brothers right and left hand gave me tonight makes me hella proud, but I feel hella more pressure.
I just made a beat.... That I think might sound better backwards...
one of my favorite underclassmen
Get the bacon & duck fat pancakes at City Provisions sunday brunch. So freaking good!
Happy mothers day to the only women who loves wine and cheese more than I do :) cheers!
Love and War is a classic! Cant wait for the next.
yes ma'am I have fallen ❤❤❤ such a pleasure meeting you tonight!
The hospitality spread is out and the frig is stocked, so now we wait for our clients to arrive here at Trilogy.
ILUVIEN(R) Receives Marketing Authorization in Austria for the Treatment of ... - MarketWatch (press release)
One lacrosse game down, one more to go!! Go !
#Surgery Tip: Make sure you ask your doctor all pertinent details about your surgical procedure.
True Life: I don't own an iron so I steam my clothes by running hot water in the shower
Thanks for following, Kalcee!
Me after gettin high,lml. i look tired.
bagel club in paccar commons. do it.
“: damnit clay your just too smart, the gullible ones believed it though :)” <333 you know how I do
New topic - E-400 users where are you?
: Three man city players and no dempsey on pfa shortlist.. If he were english he'd be a shoe-in.
It's most valuable player---not best stats---Braun has been more valuable...and amazing stats as well
You are the Love the dream appears in.
BONNAROO. If/*when* you are employed before her tickets are sold, count me in.
i can beat lebron in horse !
In the meantime I will break you off with a few other websites you should visit
Congrats Leah! It will be nice to see you on TV again doing what you do best:-)
is looking forward to a great Saturday, gotta cut the grass, and then off to a birthday party with the family...happy birthday Alex & Jonah
It is rightly said that the most difficult thing in chess is winning a won position - Vladimir Kramnik
lhh my beetch said she tan wit baby oil lhh ion play wen it comes to baby oil an lotion lhh
Progressives... Really
just doob it.
hahaha yep... nd we dnt like mean or bossy people
Again, amazing show on Saturday, and great to chat with you after!
Hoes in they mfing bras on out here. It ain't that damn hot !
I guess it's a real thing after all. RT Procrasticleaning.
“: Can you believe a grown adult feels good about making a living trashing kids.” they don't feel good about anything bro
One juvenile in custody. Not releasing name. Candlelight vigil planned for this evening. One death now confirmed. Prayers for Chardon, Ohio
Pod people. You know what to do.
i ovastand, its hard not 2 get caught up..and then u look back like "what happened 2 me doin my own 'ish"
It feels like somethins heatin up, can I leave wit you.....
Starting to feel like the closer I get to my goal the more obstacles get thrown in my way but that just means I'm that much closer
Soaker! Damn auto correct!
13" Macbook Air with 128 MB HD. Video goes thru AppleTV/iPad so I passed on bigger HD. Couldn't make do w/ 11" screen.
Someone Trynna Cop Ah Gram ? Or Grams .
I'm pretty sure I'm never again going to do take-home midterms.
the party goes until 10pm. Let us know if you can make it! :)
A lil encouragement can go a long way!
I love getting new clothes
what's up big boy...how u been bro? Been a while...
caught you red handed
I was thinking about that actually
Made the team and the musical!
"Compassion frees us from all intensities of the emotions, or even of the mind. It leaves us with one affection...
Reds are made of a softer compound than the blacks.
if you remember editing HTML files with pico, you're really a
They're about ten bucks a month, generic, IF YOU HAVE INSURANCE THAT COVERS IT.
uhm,you need toget the fuck outa here . You'r gay Justin is not gay! STUPID bitch! Stfu &' stop judging. Damn.
Missing you! I hope you make a trip to LA in the near future. I would love to see you.
Should probably stop watching the Food Revolution. Had French fries *twice* in 1 week. Not what Jamie Oliver was going for...
T1: I love reading personal accounts that inspire. Funny is good. But authenticity is captivating.
You catch the Breitbart story on Obama?
You didn't read the article did you Bryan? The issue is the flawed strategy of OMM. How many do u think are secretly lesbian?
Well it has been a good run
no kidding. I think I got five out of the last time I did it, and images for maybe another five. And I think I did well at that.
I hate how the chat colors in #wordswithfriends are backwards on the #iphone :P
Ever heard of a "bob wow"? Best of the best, worst of the worst
Having a full battery, therefore I can tweet all I want >>>>>
or we can go both times lmfaoo
That moment when I ask my mom if I can go to a boarding school in Canada and she said maybe xD
Mo' studio sesh's today. This album is ganna define our genre
Manuscript Central (scientific article review site) never fails to frustrate - here's hoping some YC team puts them out of business.
Speaking of $JPM wtf is a "synthetic credit security"? Something you can lose 2 billion on in 6 weeks apparently
thank you! Feels good. :)
Your either a sheep or a wolf
Your icon is OMG.
sunshine + rain = confused
Multiplied it by infinity, take it to the depths of forever and you will still have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about.
Today is World Autism Day...to celebrate, I am working with some amazing little boys who are diagnosed with it...
Who's ready for halloween?
Home SWEET home :D
you have the most obnoxious voice I've ever heard in my life
Last 6 weekends: SC, NC, IL, BC, NY, VA; next 3: LA, AZ, NJ. Tired.
Good luck this weekend. Hope that you crush the computer that you'll be playing against.
Man I missed him I'm so sad he never does ustream anymore and I missed it:(
An idea for a twitter game. Post the most hacky joke with the hashtag
Totally missed #dollchat tonight. Looks like snow tomorrow, so Mom wanted to go to the grocery store. Shelves picked clean.
Man, would love 2 "meat" u again -- met you in Maine 8 years ago, and have been a fan since taking monster all the way.
Yep! Not a problem. Give you a call tomorrow.
Just watched three drinks hijack a rickshaw...bucket list item
Recovery weekend for my left eye after PRK surgery. Right eye is next in 3 weeks. Then sayonara to glasses & contacts!
Will be missed RT : Just left newsroom for the last time as an employee. Thank you, everyone. What a great ride.
here's to the good people who've been stepped on, you'll find love one day
Looking for a new publicist...
congrats on new book.
We are beginning the first wave of closed beta testing. Are we excited? Does the pope wear a funny hat?
Thanks for the #FF. I am truly grateful for everything you have done and continue to do for me and #pilgf team.
Sorry I miss understood what you said, the guy on the left is John Landis and the guy on the right is Edgar Wright
thanks Rich. Appreciate it.
Note: The museum will be closed on Thursday, November 24 and Friday, November 25 for the Thanksgiving holiday.
Happy #RecordStoreDay! What's on your wish list?
Has there ever been a professional athlete that went from being so loved to so hated like Lebron James?
Thx Alex! RT : In the twin anchors really good ribs...oh and A scene from batman the dark knight was filmed here !!
i really wish it was friday night
sounds like a plan. Tomorrow is looking nice if you're in the downtown area at lunch!
why r u the only guy who understands this???
Also...add a little water.
Thanks guys for your kind mentions and RTs today and
i love you too angie
maybe the following weekend without Harry bear?
RT The idea of 's app threatens to prove Beuys "Everyone is an artist." Definitely disruptive.
wrapping up the semester as an adjunct instructor at Temple. Now if my role of student as Quinnipiac will end...
MANCHESTER CHOKE?????
not me that's lmao
too many cherry bombs? and cheese quesadillas?
I'm Always Gonna Be Here To Help Out A Close Friend<3
Sometimes people don't notice the things we do for them until we stop doing them.
Thanks for the RT! I agree with you. Sweet potato is both pretty and yummy.
you can send me a press release to Thanks!
yeah it was at DFW, the line snaked around like 8 rows. I've never seen it so busy- must have been a bunch of flights at once
so jealous..
Those who have the biggest hearts suffer the most
God I hope so!
RT writing in 140 characters can be good practice for writing exhibit labels. Totally using this in future curator workshop.
Incredibly strong guy is wearing a t shirt that just says "I'm incredibly strong"
Traded, or he returns to KHL
Sometimes I wish I had kids just so I can do the shit she do so she can see how it feel
Who's watching some #playoff games today?
Q: Mindset MBAs bring to ?
Lots of fans representing at the #capsbruins today
I dome fuck wit niggas cuz niggas ain't loyal wen they see u eating they plot against u
Usher is the greatest male singer of our time?? He leaves no note or ad lib left behind. That man works vocally!
BBC radio. Going to my uncle's house. I don't wanna do anything.
The community is welcoming & warm. It's a productive language w/ great successes. Best at a hard set of problems,...
Waking up, just to start crying.
Nearby. For a wedding. :)
let's got to sunset lol
hope you make it by!!!
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing!
Ugh, love DC Noodles RT Utopia Closing For 14 Months on U Street; Stem, DC Noodles to Close for at least a Year
hahah us too!
Cant believe that was the first person I see when I'm back home
I have to remain calm ,cool, and confident. God give me strength
Scratch that, all the time
I'm freakin sore from all my body!
while ur taking a day off someone else is getting better
Damn these hologram concerts should go on tour.
No problem!
looking forward to meeting you Saturday with
Riderwood Lions Club Kicks-Off 'Stamps for the Wounded' Project To Provide Hospitalized Veterans with...
Doug Collins is trying to wear the Celtics down for games 3 through 7. He said just keep them running.
I'm glad my SF hotel reservation doesn't have to change…now I just need to figure out flights.
A new motto we're considering for FG: 'We're not out to change your game, we're just out to change your life.' Your travel life, that is.
I follow you, now :$
I get up at that time every work day...welcome back to the grind...
Muldoon road to Bartlett is safe to drive. Oklahoma is a bit icey.
enjoy the game! : )
I just finished my rehersal. What time do you get ouy of yours? I'm out at 4:30
shooting stars at 3 AM WUUT?
check out interview with brother Will Campbell at Simba camp 2011 and learn how simba change lives. Gye-Nyame Journey Show | Spreaker...
My parents are cool with you sleeping over the day before my birthday :)
Today marks the anniversary of my move to Chicago, seems like yesterday!
Put some more music on dis shit
You could head to the park and start one...we've done that before, always a ton of fun!
Walkin up some stairs and fat chicks crack in your face
Everyone needs at least one close friend thats a guy.
not #everyblackneighborhood can produce
‘Abdu'l-Bahá is at the Plaza Hotel receiving visitors. He speaks about the importance of overcoming hatred and enmity.
Maybe you should change your username to bcorrigan? ( And aren't you proud I actually know who that is? )
PLA-ers there are handout printing stations available at OCC lower level
wit up rika
Have you gone before?
how does your hand feel today? Hahahahahahaha! So sorry about that!
Adventure Landing is fun if you have kids. A little cool today but fun!!!
Thanks for the follow, Djamel!
really? What did he have, I'll make sure that we're checking portions better.
RT : In San Antonio. There is a club here advertising a night called "fist pump Fridays" and "rack city Saturdays". Wow.
It's official. Richmond is a fucking mess.
I love sitting by my window and hearing the sounds of tires violently spinning on the ice...
Edition Georges Chakra and Ports 1961 fashion shows were both great! Now time for Fashion's Night Out!
No way anyone who has "Cast Member of Real House Wives of OC" on their resume is a designer. Of purses. Or anything.
Just 72 more measly hours.
Bring our US Troops home from all foreign wars/conflicts
thanks for the RT!
