Another day, another short sale! It feels good to help people avoid foreclosures, bad credit and debt.
Talking Never Bothers Us.Sometimes It Does Bore Me.So If Y'all Making Movies Hope It's Based On A TRUE Story.😏
Hey mon, gotta go to work!
ROLLING STAR!!!
<3 thank you!
you are awesome
Ray. Boom.
Why is does the laundry take so long to get done?!?!?!
Wait... I can NOT stay awake or pay attention in class right now.
No clue. Ask the B&B Books kids.
tomarrow starts the fith week of school
if that's what it takes, I can help you find porn followers
just take some tylenol & the fever is natural because the fever is your bodes response to unwanted bacteria or virus's
It's been exactly a week .. And I still don't know what to think of it... 💔👎
the interview went well....although I was a little...well a lot..nervous.
Looking into the new Facebook timeline pages for businesses. We are creating a easy custom solution.
I need to do some of my classes today too lol
haha. It's alright.
My sister went to the Windy City last week & brought me back caramel from ...
Step 4 acquire window azure services #sqlpass 10 steps to SQL cloud; require cell phone; caution microsoft sales rep will call for survey.
I just farted and my mom ran :) btw I hardly fart
look forward to seeing you at the next #m3 #Philly meet up
Heading out to officiate an outdoor wedding...hope the rain is done! "I am my beloved's and my beloved is mine." - King Solomon
Danny Granger needs to be better than 7 points in 38 minutes
Only the combo of water pressure AND gravity caused it to hit bottom of the shower.
who are you meeting?
RIP The inimitable George Whitman of Shakespeare and Company. "Be not inhospitable to strangers / Lest they be angels in disguise.’"
YOU A STUPID HOE..
Of course its raining.
I see, well let me know.
Cant believe I met and got a hug from them and also they told me 'I love you too'!!!!! :'D
RT : It's always "going to be okay" when it's not happening to you. <--- yea but when it's happening to you #ShiddJusGotReal lol
First preproduction meeting tomorrow night for "Good Bye Mi Amor" So very excited it's finally happing.
the great thing about Orlando is that even though it was a crappy night, you can count on the sun shining the next morning
PROFILE PICTURES: Boys: (-_-) Girls: (°3°)
- Cool website! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Lazy night at home and loving it!!!
^_^ RT : MY NEW BEST FRIEND
I have a feeling will go 3 for 3 with a HR.
Way to go Mavs!!!! I heart Dirk!
Thanks for following i followed you back check out www.createmoneyweb.com
I have a huge boner too.
Sometimes I cry -Erick B
Biggest Loser Finale!!!! I'm already crying....oh geez!!!!:/
wuz good bro. my phone been off for a min. i'm bout to be back on top in a min though
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
lol that will never happen !! U nice 😂😂
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page. ~St. Augustine
Been thinking about this today for some reason. I used to agree, lately I'm ok with "called", even see counterculture in it.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to a strong continuing partnership.
Looking at how many people follow you, then looking at who you follow, and just thinking wow, I should start following people back..
": don't remind me Randy done lost his hearing aids he can't here for shit lol" Lmao! Huh? Huh? Mr. Randy voice CTFU
I enjoyed myself!!!!!
Never On Twitter But I Can Use Entertainment Every Once In A While.(Words 4rm Mr. Production" The Guy"A Man Of God Pursuing God Full Time)!
Psalm 119:176 I have strayed like a lost sheep. Seek your servant, for I have not forgotten your commands.
Man the heat killin!!!! Rufus king cam play better than the nets...superweak.com
Brilliant! (Or should I/you/y'all say: "Ta-da!") Thx!
What a great place! I need to get down there.
I will never stop hating you
Dear can we make the new Bbq chicken sub a permanent member of the menu? Kthanx.
add sugar, feel bad, get over it
Depends on where you want to go. Temple programs the deadline is April 1st. The rest of the programs vary
I personally have thousands of dollars owed to me. Judgement against my kids bio-mom exists. This obligation never goes away.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!71
Check us out at Lazershirts.com!
Same here -> One of my favorite #wines. Perfect description. Can't wait till it returns to the Canadian shelves.
When your app ads show Badoo to "make new friends", you're in trouble.
Young people should definitely get into politics more. Its good to know whats going on.
...I'd say it's just less harsh to me. I think it makes the cym sound better...room mics are tough though...
Today, paleontologist Josh Bonde and his assistant Fabian will be working on fossils in our Geology Gallery until 3pm.
I like the Icon they use on their twitter account. Taking the time to design a cool and simple icon/logo, gets you noticed!
gl sexy
Lunch hour music with Steve Justman, today from 11-2. Come enjoy this free concert featuring Amercian classics and folk music.
I hate Justin Bieber
can't wait to see your footage! Glad you could play with us.
Good luck man! Hope to see you in N.O.!
M ur so sexy
I love you Alex (:
my icon = flawless
And time goes by so slowly...
#Chicago bound! See you soon windy city! My airport style: black suede wedges, black leggings, white cotton shirt. Comfy!
I'll bet that every living and future Bond villain has a super PAC this season.
I wear a size 8, okay? 8 1/2 if they're cut small. :D
music is not selling because artists are giving away to much music what happen to giving away samplers
Thanks! So nice to have the support of my twitter peeps! :)
shot me. the crappier i feel the more i know im getting better. contradicting? yes indeed.
Great advice for marketing and PR pros, as well as those trying to keep a woman happy.
La Costa sounds good right about now
aloha zach, any chance of getting you on tomorrow at 9:20 pm et? we wanna talk NBA playoffs with you..please lmk
Was it horrible? I remember liking it.
Best rapper ALIVE!
Watching "Hangover II" and waiting to laugh
#Tshirts any color, with a 2 color full front print, starting at just $4.25. We serve
Romney seems like a desperate man when it comes to garnering support for his Presidential campaign.
Meeting with Sven our composer on Thursday to listen to his interpretation of Tringled. With much anticipation!
Lmao.... I figured it had to do with her. How u been? How's the job? Lol lol
who is catheryne mckeever? she's trying to linkedin with me, and you're a connection to her.
Add Team Vic Matrix to your protein pancake to give yourself added healthy fats and carbs!
My favorite kind of library aides? Ones that come bearing donuts!
the whole house is mad at her
Next up and Mobile Acitivies for the School Field Trips
Scary movies all day!? Ohh I guess..
AND THERE IS "UP TO 60% SALE" STILL GOING. DO NOT LOOSE YOUR CHANCE.
: You working today, lady? Have any time to clean up some short brunette locks?
Deff going to PR this summer n mostlikly my bday n the winter.. who nos just might move over there for a couple months
he loves films with deus ex machina endings doesn't he?
Great show tonight, but some of my favs went home. Bummer.
Motivation for the mini is really hard at times like this. Thanks a lot thanksgiving food
Praying that everything will be okay
Hi! Don't think so re Sevier, but there are a lot of stories in the book, so it's possible. It's worth a read. Nice website!
I'm a software developer and less of a content developer.
This is the first night I'm sleeping without my boyfriend :/
Hot chocolate :)
In a "tips for working with stressed students" workshop presented by Great information to help our office serve our students
RT : RT : Let GM Promotions help take you to the top! Email for questions! www.GMPromo.net
You didn't just call me.
your piece on budget wines for Labor Day is airing today!
I've been terrible with tweeting lately!
S/O to for letting me babysit Tiesto!😃👍
DAY 23...and coming close to an end. An actual 5hrs of sleep and prep well underway for this afternoon & evening/night shoots.
oh well
Great hanging out with other editing nerds!
Creeping up on 3k followers!
I am thinking about getting a BMW 316ti Compact for a new car!
RT : : "Everybody does dumb shit in high school.Not everyone targets a gay student because he is gay & assaults him."
Great Q! If the case, then restructuring is a must. Where to begin, my fam is now aware, hope not2late 4myson?
: : When finding ur blogging niche, does it start w/finding passion? purpose? #blogchat (all of the above)”/yes
Man fern creek might me weak next year.. idk if I wanna go no more
Republicans are jack asses !
Summer job hunting -___-
poor matt. brooke we're going to throw matt a twitter party hahaha
is there a test to determine my veganocity? Also, how long until my Vegan Superpowers kick in?
lol no that was just posted on facebook
Attending our campus Mathematics-Biology Research symposium: MathBio2: Image focusing on interdisciplinary bioimage informatics
how did potato work? That one is curious...
. Glad you enjoyed, come see us again soon!
Waiting on two letterpresses to show up....tap tap tap (that's my impatient foot!)
Check out www.Facebook.com/yat777
Congratulations on your Oscar!
What a night!!!
I don't like that youu changed your twitcon</3
Saturday night in my best dress....Fearless!
Congrats to former Chicago 2016 president Lori Healey who will lead #NATO-G8 efforts -
thats wonderful!! i miss you a loo! You don't even know!
my driving music in this weather is some RUN DMC or Metalica w/ the Boston Pops
when did u text for me to text u back?
Very cool and much better than the blondes!
you too?
right there with ya. Mo prestige mo problems?
what happened?
Not sure I agree. I could argue either way! RT : Easiest question of the round: Mao Zedong v. Leopold II
<~ A professional experience, by experienced professionals.
I'm pretty sure my "job" is classified as a nanny.
merp. imiss hearing you set off your doorbell...
Arguing about who's been discriminated against more is pointless. This isn't the Oppression Olympics.
Jammin to ! Lol he wants to know whats going on newark!
Check out our girl in a parody coming soon.
Getting swim on at
Thank you to all who have "liked" us on fb or have participated in spreading the word of Urban Flight Apparel on here. We appreciate you!
what time can we call in???? :)
Today is the day! Cats vs Hoosiers. REVENGE IS SWEET. Let's go CATS!
whoops! I thought this was happening later but I might have made that up. I can meet up around 7:30. Keep me posted!
DOES A DOLLAH MAKE YOU HOLLAH HONEY BOO BOO?
"Know that wisdom is such to your soul; if you find it, there will be a future, and your hope will not be cut off." - Proverbs 24:14
I used to have time to read all manner of things, but now I have to be painfully careful about what to choose - DvL
I am feeling immensely better after a bad knee arthritis flare & bad nosebleed, ready to go out and take the world on again.
On 3/21/65, more than 3,000 civil rights demonstrators led by Martin Luther King Jr. began a march from Selma to Montgomery, Ala.
Kirby Smart > Kevin Sumlin
Sue his ass..." The DOJ is threatening to sue Mayor Mike McGinn over allegations that SPD officers regularly use excessive force"
Happy Thanksgiving Friends!!
How many of you are going to WWE Smackdown tonight at CenturyLink Center Omaha?!
tried to tell you...I told everyone.. Floyd in lopsided decision
Would be great if the Hawks made some noise in the playoffs so people know that Tracy McGrady and Jerry Stackhouse are still in the league.
There they go!
Thanks! RT : Amazing company holiday dinner at prado at balboa park tonight. Kudos the short ribs were delish!!
Where you located?
that works too.
If you're looking for an after-work drink spot think #GOTIME www.gotime.com
": Nice rides 5th and 12th in the still stacked 450 Lcq." Boys gonna do it up outside! !
Thanks for the RT!
got some fresh meat for #mudclub. John Connor seems ready. Do it quick b4 Cyberdyne gets him.
Will you and #mpm family be at Pure Friday?
Bummed I am not going to make the
Who is ready for this geology final tomorrow?!
I can't wait till summer!
Heading back home on Thursday! Cannot wait :)
kids will be kids..
Dont give all your thoughts and emotions to twitter you dnt even know him like dat
its definitely a gutsy move!
Monday #Trivia: The first arena the Chicago Bulls played in was _____.
Congrats to Wisconsin native for making the Top 24 on this year's American Idol! Do work son!
Glad to see our friends at aren't being pussies and have a keg on the way for us. Come keep warm with us, we open at 4
At urgent care and have been waiting for over an hour. Shocking right?
Thank U all for the follow! Have an awesome weekend all!
11:30 is a long time from now
Thats right its 6:04 and im not a sleep yet! im such a rebel! haha:)
Wow.......i just remembered..cody lives by me....i miss him so much /:
CORRECTION: The #1201 tech roundtable is today, Friday, May 11th.
I've heard them both...torture!
I would be terrified to be at msg right now...
#Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski (ankle) is listed as questionable for Super Bowl XLVI.
You're welcome. Glad you joined in the #digped discussion today!
- That kinda sounds like a country song. And yes, I kinda think it's gonna be Lexie. :(
Going to competition team jiu jitsu. Ready to roll!!!!
Performing with the ISO and Maestro Jack Everly in 4 Pops performances this weekend. All about "One Day More" in this show.
You took 4 yrs Spanish, are you able to speak it fluently? I mean could you hold a conversation with someone who speaks it? curious
in Houston? or in Chicago?
Words of Wine Wisdom: "Wine improves with age. The older I get, the better I like it." ~ Anonymous
so you're busy planning tattoo parties huh
I assume this means I can give you your s/o for being expelled now?
did you get on ripd? Hope all is well
ha, great, hope you can find some time!
i signed =D
RT if you're a gleek :)
As for AMC, I am a huge fan of both #breakingbad and #rubicon, not so much #madmen. I have high hopes for anything AMC does.
May 18 concert at the rock. Tickets for sale now $8. Get em while they last.
Will do.
who do I follow for fantasy basketball news?
retractable dome be downtown, right?
remember to dedicate a printer only for edible ink use, dont mix edible ink and regular ink through the same printer
Thanks for the follow back, Brenda! Hope you are having a great weekend!
um no. Its back on
OMG just told me about the dine & dash ! did they catch the guy?! That is just ridiculous
4-2-89 JYD and Butch Reed have their first Dome match in five years on a WCW Clash show. Sadly no one cares.
I'm not happy with the new youtube changes. All of my friends were removed. :(
Everybody!!! Go watch and support YouTube videos! This could make them less likely to be removed!
Damn right.
The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do. -Jon Holt
i think my cymbal playing days might be over. i was exhausted from last year's parade!
The sleep I got last night <<<
Prove it then muthafucka!!!
In Born to Kill (1947), Claire Trevor can't keep her eyes off lanky Lawrence Tierney. When he weds sis, she takes him down and pays big time
The Jones Group will be attending the LIM Career Fair today! Look for us
David - contact to see if she has any more available from the #unofficialtweetup - all who tweeted were "there"
"I think he's going in with her, how bout you?" *looks around* ... *is alone*
Had an awesome weekend.. Nice right before a 6 day work week, start it with a meeting 5am tomorrow. Can't wait!
Knicks eliminated from playoffs
Idk, but there have been more depressing episodes than any with humor.
Yes, on Monday I'll be performing capitalism while others organize their shoe closets in honor of the idea. God bless America!
I'm eating some chicken thingy.
great to see you @ Dia de los Muertos tonight!
there is nothing in this world that is more annoying than an incredibly slow computer
haha. Man I'm just trying to get my tweeter loose.
can't wait for my birfdayyyyy a week from today
this is cool you are doing this but crazy at the same time! Best of luck and i will keep following!
ok seems like Fer has left the match a bit early. and whazzup with Tipsy?
Welcome! RT : Chicago Laugh Factory is checkin in! RT : Woo just 3 minutes!
are you doing it for weight loss?
eww haven't even done my art HW.. and all i've been doing was watching TV and playing games on my iPod..
looks like just iPhones bur let's ask directly! Who can use the app?
RIP Whitney Houston. The world has lost another talent that changed the music world. So sad.
how am i rude? you are the one that got yourself into that one
In January, Pres. Obama created 257,000 private sector jobs. Mitt Romney fired one debate coach. Hm, who is the better job creator?
With social media, the reporter as a personality has become more important. People trust, follow, engage w/ reporters they like.
Yeah buddy! Done for the day and it's amazing outside! #Lego!
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed the presentation this morning - had a great time presenting.
McDonalds then school 👍
Having sober conversations with myself ≠ having inebriated conversations with myself.
I know this is gonna sound slightly racist....but I don't like the way that white people kiss. Sorry
Thank you! Great chatting with you tonight
When i'm sleeping I don't wanna be fucked with or someone in my space...my little cousins annoyin with that -.-
Home and now skype time with the boyfriend :)
I've always wanted to, but I'm still working on it, thanks for noticing. :)
#640million could you imagine?
If you've ever thought about giving electronic cigarettes a try, check out www.genxvapor.com We've got great prices starter kits!
Italy remains the top exporter of #wine to the U.S., with a 31%, $1.5 billion share, of the U.S. market in 2011, a 15% increase over 2010.
Boyle Heights street vendors fundraise to vend legally in their own Mercado. j.mp/x6gAM8 // I'll be there around 5:30.
#WhyAreYou not checking out the websites I make money off of? CHECK IT!
I Haven't Talk To Oomf All Day :/
“ Don't treat me like you're last, or I'll end up in your past.”
id love some right now
hahah fine ill see if I can pencil that in
": Partial tear suckas!!! Back for week 7 & playoffs!!! #Sizzle" As little kid in Animal House said..."Thank you God!"
wrapped in a blanket, watching star trek. more exciting updates to come.
Hi Chris!! ALL IS WELL HERE! I'm glad all is well there!!!! Have a Wonderful evening! ! Tweet you tomorrow! !
I have such a hard time figuring out which "Alex" Bryan is referring to.
I'm gonna text you later.. Who you going with?
Odd finish to the game...
RT : ATTN PEOPLE OF ! If you see today, let her know that she has no armor. I repeat no armor. That is all.
Most relationships fail not because of absence of love; but because girls love too much and boys love too many
Pissing on a couch turns out to be a good way to get people to take a walk with you.
Just witnessed a kenny loggins song bring april to tears!
Apparently we've reached the glowstick tossing portion of the evening
Thankful that thinks of things I don't, like replacing all the controller batteries before a video game party.
is officially Alarmed & Dangerous.
Learning history of museums in China. China boom sesh
How you a shoe store n can't tell me the name of a certain shoe I know you have
HTC earnings, sales felled by heavy smartphone competition: The Taiwanese handset maker's first-quarter profit and sales plummet in t...
and I tutor the sweetest two boys for 's ReadUP program!
I don't know which SIM card was in....but cant they track what device is being used
...I can hear tires shrieking. Has the church parkinglot next door become a drag racing strip?
So I heard you are looking for an intern. Is there going to be web work involved?
What I tell my parents: "I'm a writer, I'm doing research on youth culture!" What I mean: everything is going to hurt tomorrow.
Russell Brand must be feeling like a big dufus!!!
Sucks having to see her happy with someone else....
It’s annoying when people try to tell you what YOU said.
I EAT MOP
Good morning yall! Looks like its going 2 b a great day
so this really works for you? lol
I appreciate nas for what he is, made some stuff i love,made some ehh stuff. No need to defend or protect...right???
The will have a booth again this year.
There was a Levi's Workshop is Soho that allowed you to check out cameras.
I wanna give up but... He's worth fighting for.
Had fun at Busby's West tonight! Lots of bartab drinks being redeemed. Join us Saturday at 12pm for more bartab fun!
Cleaning, Packers Game, NPR
< now followin, thank you for the follow.
Marriage is only a social contract for purposes of inheritance. The end.
My mom is making me wear my glasses! I have too I can barely see.
Press release, via e-mail: records at will open to researchers in early 2011
did you forget the picture? L
"I have a life outside of basketball." -Brittney Griner
sounds good, just sent you a DM
I think I found by better half....panda
hooray vinyl!!!!
OMG I dont like most boys right now :( #ITILG's
Staying in... I'm afraid to step outside. I know a house will fall on me!!!
I'm quite the mouth breather today.
CD release kicks off on May 3 on Thursday. Amina Figarova sextet at the New Orleans Jazz Festival, WWOZ stage at 2:55 pm !
sadly, even with my beardhead, i'm incapable of making some of these letters...
I love Rose :)
thanks again for B's game .. Are you a Philly Fan? What a
Yes, I almost killed Reese Witherspoon in my cab. Totally unintentional btw. W' 20th st, 2 years ago. Close call. #reese witherspoon
Thanks for being excited, and thanks for spreading the word, Julie! How will you be celebrating #MKEDAY?
Totally realized that immediately after I posted it. I would have believed it...
If you want to have a part in my Bieber love story tweet me -diamond
“Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun every year.” – Unknown
nah...i think it will be funny forever.
RT : RT : If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
thanks for following. you have a neat website. clean. minimalist. I like.
first to close....Perkins, romo or reed?
S/O to for the Post of my Artist - We appreciate the luv, check out the website! #Salute <<<<<
just nice to see them win haha
Monday. It's available for pre-order now. :-)
: You can find out your top Twitter fans from Booshaka.
I WANNA SEE IN CONCERT SO BAD!!!!!! I SEE THE POSTS ABOUT TICKETS ON SSALE AND IM CRYING BECAUSE I CANT GO! :(
Oh god damn it tumblr. "people calling for gradual change are privileged over radical extremists who are painted as villains" no fucking duh
awesome #gphholidays party!!!
had a great time today meeting new library peeps at gla midwinter. let's keep the energy and synergy going!
If you are a singer, send us your music to and in the subject line type in :SONG SUBMISSION"
#TwitterHorrorMovies The Creature From Boggy Tweet
cuddles you
hahaha! message boards. You aren't a fan if you aren't actively boarding
Who's signing up for the Chicago Half Marathon??? Let's get motivated!
I'm gonna marry 2 guys :) Josh and Austin <3
how late tmw?
Long day of putting it in now I'm bout pour up
and said they had concerns with Tax Holiday bill. SB1069 is on to Approps.
get amazon prime man. It's amazing.
what's up?
Driver told me that I was the first customer at that location to order the gluten free crust. It makes a reasonably good pie.
oh! I couldn't tell which one you replied to haha. But there is a guard called eklipse.. Might try out for it.
Just got back from skiing with the neighbors and getting ready to jump in their hot tub! Great day.
Just wana b like u...
Mark your calendar! will be performing live on WREG Channel 3 on April 17th, 9:00am! You don't want to miss this!
American Heritage girls soccer advance to the 3A Regional Final after defeating Archbishop McCarthy 3-0.
Ah, Saturday. You fool me with your promise of laziness and donuts, but instead it is a work day. At least it's a productive one.
Sometimes beef, sometimes pork. Sometimes beef and pork. Sometimes tuna.
why is Brpr always at Juvia? ;)
RT : #Scorpio's love to prove people wrong.
you guys doing happy hour or anythign tonight?
dammit Jake can we please just be bff's...
Only in this house you would find roaches laying around on counter tops
Monday night football! Gota love it
have a question to DM you, Keegan, let me know when you're following!
Just got this iPod touch #finally!
I wanna ride my bike! :(
This Packers' undefeated season is killing my productivity
Yo, I need to get my eyebrows waxed.
I'm glad everyone actually believes it was "just a hologram."
Hey! When are you going to come over to my house and give me the gauges? Oh, and you need my address, don't you...xD
washington c:
I used to have one... broke it on the southside in '80. Chicago winters.
Just saw a new car commercial with haha I'd enjoy being under house arrest too!!!
i have never heard of these erasable highlighters. sounds delightful.
Thought so c:
: We're even carpooling together.
Just got back from mile run just under 8 minutes
The beauty within you inspires a melody of love...
Get to know all your adjacent neighbors
fly me out and I'm down :)
my birthdayys tomorrow :)
So nice to finally link up today! Loved sharing stories. Have a great wknd!
never sleeps
Back from data center with the forever backups
I don't think so. The Academy Awards are a representation of what 60 yr old, rich, white men think is cool. Right now.
That is right on the money!! I've been preaching that brands can not aspire to simply be relevant. They need to be inspiring!
Alumni Golf Outing
pretty please.
Law Revue rehearsal with fellow horn player When do we get out of here?!?!
Impatience never commanded success.Edwin H. Chapin
I'm listening to Desmond Tutu on and laughing along with him. I didn't realize he was so hilarious.
My allergies are making me feel SUPER ugly this morning!!
are you done shooting for the season?
Haha suckers my school gets out in two weeks
Bangn beats dog.
Speaking of college brochures, , remind me to share "three and tree" with you. I think I learned it in
Players don't wait till last minute to join its free post highlight tape and photos today
@ work just had shrimp Alfredo with pepsi was banging but the pepsi wasn't a good idea
maybe...for the royals, just not sure on most teams.
nice look!
Myers-Briggs. Favorite world: Do you prefer to focus on the outer world or on your own inner world? Extraversion or Introversion.
Need help filing your #taxes? Look no further! Tweet me your questions, or give me a call!
No, but they're putting on a kick-ass performance of Pirates of Penzance in Lincolnshire tonight!
- have you seen moneyball yet? I have a feeling you would thoroughly enjoy.
good luck
The worst feeling
Why the Steelers will upset the Patriots at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
did he say "none of your business"? lol. Paula are you going to miss not being here for Cubbie home opener?
Napoleon Hill: "External forces have very little to do with success...solutions to...problems come from one source...: yourself."
hi? Can you Please RT: LastHoranWednesdayof2011
thx for the love
Oh god . You guys should have ate while you had the chance. Im just glad copsdidnt make gino take test, he wouldve failed
hey amber
: Richmond, VA? I enjoyed the ACES Workshop at #blogpaws!
#PARTYTIME in second period .
hey there! Our prices vary depending on the class. Please call us! 504-895-1167.
TODAY $FREE CONCERT :30pm Auditorium 'THE VOICES' dir. Gerry Gillespie!
Happy Star Wars Day, and May the Fourth be with you.
just carry the 1.
Just decide to do. The how is rarely important, and until the decision to do is made, the how is irrelevant...
& - one of my favorite hub/wife duos for God - follow these two if you like hub/wife duos for God...haha.
Getting ready to watch the McDonalds game with the Scott Co Cardinals staff on the sidelines. Pretty awesome.
Sick of crying, tired of trying. Yes I'm smiling, but inside I'm dying...
for sure! So much respect & support for you all!!!
Not only does the tunnel become narrower it also becomes so much brighter once you realize what your purpose is...
Getting the boys in for haircuts on superbowl sunday ought be a breeze. Alas it is not. But here we are: supercuts.
DONT LET THE SECRET GET OUT
im watching Hook too!
TheOffice Blackout of 12-6-2011 was caused by "A dump truck: pulled wires down from a pole leading to the sub- station supplying power."
I had a yummy chicken wrap from for lunch at Pershing Square.
take a look at tools like newsgator, socialtext, yammer. They track things like post counts, most active user etc
After Leak's 3rd interception of the game, the VooDoo capitalize with a touchdown from Rocco to Payne. Score tied at 54.
<<Last tweet
I was on the phone with Jorge & Shane before &I think I spent more time telling the bugs to get away than talking to them.
I love dancing
There are two kinds of friends : those who are around when you need them, and those who are around when they need you.
Going to Progress Village #Seventhdayadventist #church tomorrow!
this is cute .
“: It would have been really funny if Marc Anthony won American #Idol.” No chance, not "cute" enough (IMO).
Anyone there?
Fuck I just broke my damn screen again. 😡
AOL bought , Arianna to stay on.
Stop by Firehook Bakery for a great pastry!
When Austin tweets you
My favorite natural hair product line is________________! (please fill in the blank)
OH: "lawyers are the anti-matter of innovation"
Major milestones on the way for drugfreehomefoundation.org. Just finishing wild week. Home safety through drug discovery tools
So our 4th string RB is our 4th best player? That could be an issue. But still, ...
yeah that's fine, just don't forget :)
hahah Yo !! I seen it happen to many times bruhh!! ... say it dont go down like that??? lmao
A: Thomas, I wouldn't let age get in the way but show them that you have the skills and experiences they are looking for and are able to add
She got her neck tattooed and all her clothes are neww.
Don't let your anger get the best of you
Sharon just called and emailed you. She's the best to help you!
Hahha exactly. Those are even better you can do so much and won't even have to worry until two months lataaaa
thankss for a follow !
“: NEXT girl to follow gets a follow back from me!” me!
Nearly, but not just yet! Working through the rest of the bay, nearly done with the 1853 estuary maps.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
Broke my record getting to work but was just meeting friends. Can't I have all green lights for a shift sometime?
I'm assuming you work in Racine where that phrase is as common as breathing.
No tomarrow is.
I hope and will still care about me after their senior basketball season next year . Or will they be done with me too
lol, alright text me.
#Bizforum right content out of context is irrelevant. Poor content in right context is still poor content.
Microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.
Kaitlen fell into the wall and know thrs a big hole right where u walk in ... Funny how she fell bt the hole...? Not so funny :(
Watching on NBC w/ #TrayvonMartin parents. Excellent interview. The police recitation of what occurred = beyond unbelievable
I had too much fun at the women and their work spring gala, even met someone who wants to bake for Red Space.
Thanks! I'll try it this year.
Yes, lets all do a lunch!
Record pollen count today...but no problems here!
with lots more students taking the exams I'd expect a drop in scores, so flat scores w more inclusive tests isn't a bad thing.
that's wats up!
ringringringggg!! Hello???! Hi!!! Thanks for the follow!! Have a great #Sunday!!
the mp3is in drop box
Tony Romo was much better in 2011, and 2010(pre-injury) then he was in 2008 and 2009.
Or course was there as well. He hung in there with on those double diamonds!!
cus you know they always be making female judges cry and she'll give her honest opinion i think
shawdy got that "come back"
lol ok guess we got different teams and moves for that night
LOL I never thought of it that way.
Crush it by All about personal branding.
Watching 's address! He's doing very well for it being 3:30 AM in Afghanistan. :)
i love converse lol!
Juno Bars .
OH CUTE MORE MORE MORE PLZ
Why you never wanna skype with me? Is it because I'm half Polish.
Had a great bday thanks!!RT : Happy birthday, girl!!!
Check out these
thanks les <3 we had a fun day, they were troopers!
Keep training hard and never give up keep going and fight the pain.. God bless everyone.. Night!
Thanks kid
I am so excited about the Nashville! Such a great location and Nashville is one of my favorite places!
Sometimes when I read a book I can tell it's just to get a feel for it, then I need to read it again to fully grasp its meaning.
I'm so happy I just found out there's a radio in my house :D going to dance like a lunatic when Boyfriend comes on and my other fave songs
no rain, but gray skies...it feels warm...a bird is chirping its little head off right outside the window.
It's COLD outside today! Make sure your furry friends have blankets if they're outside
ok really now?
Happy Happy! Life is Good!!
Texas Chainsaw Party
I'm stuffed... time to loosen
we're not big #FF guys but here's one for Cuz we're big fans!
Thanks for supporting us out there. That FUZE drink at the end of my 50 mile Ultramarathon hit the spot!
Win tickets for the bday bash hosted by , follow for more info
Another law suit to fight.
Big thanks to for hosting the Corporate Alliance yesterday. Absolutely beautiful day to drink Pinots!
I'm trying to put one together on student wiki pages.
I hope was watching the game tonight and took some notes from because that is how you close out a game!
Somehow I don't think you're being sincere. You know, you can unfollow.
Bitches think they doing sum when they say no filter on instagram.. lol!
shit sitting back watching t.v whats up with you sista
Always Kind Always Smilin :)
my news to you is not as good to share, but I will wait as well before sharing it
Hazard is younger than Kagawa, played 3times more Euro football. Faster, better passer, rides a tackle better.
what a great pic from a great trip. You guys look so young!
Having been on lockdown on Roosevelt Island for as long as I have, I forgot people actually go out. I kinda miss the shitshow
And ya man he a bitch I forgot to mention he been a homer ever since I flashed the Maggie Simpson - Goliath
Max Payne 3 nails everything. Fun. Mood. Multiplayer. What studio can mess with #MaxPayne3 ??? I hope GTA V brings it.
Beautiful day in Los Angeles. Happy 4th of July!
I'm temporarily parked in a handicap spot. BUT WHO GON CHECK ME THOUGH?
You were like a scene that I played in my head.
Flying from Sydney to LA today. Should I be concerned that I'm on Oceanic 815?
How long has it been since I wanted to get right back into a theater to see a film a second time? Dark Knight, prolly... yeah.
don't start Taukesha!
Traffic to = :( . Imma bout to turn this loss upside down at w/ in the building!
RT : Hittin' the studio to finish up my guest mix for this friday night
would never let her sit there and spout these lies
"tweet watching" c'mon now... Then what's the whole purpose of twitter then?
Thanks! Hope the day is awesome. :)
Ah yeeah Chargers 🏈
The Grammies is on everybody!
Keep On Keepin On!
I keep doing horribly wrong and embarassing things with & for Charisse's birthday.
thanks! Have fun at #SKC, though I don't need to say that do I? #itsagiven ;)
didn't even hit me back up today...
you're the Egg McMuffin of being a pain in the ass
Addicted to The Ready Set
I'm not familiar with either, what are they??
thanks. we're hanging in there
Wicked Spoon is amazing!
Yeah I had subway for lunch and then for dinner.
Happy New Year #FF to those in "Boston: Inspirational Women": via
I AM GOING SO SNOW-NANAS THAT I PROBABLY WILL EAT ALL OF MY FRIENDS!!!!!!
OUCH! Get well soon
Met an awesome musican tonight at Friday's After Five. Be sure to check out GALEN CURRY from C'Ville! Yeehaw!
Hahah Well That Makes Sense .(:
haha have you ever seen a dude named Earthquake???
Ring in 2012 right! Happy New Years, stay safe & enjoy your vacation!
Happy Birthday to the one and only (;
Now Mark is dying aaaaaaahhhhhh not McSteamy!!!! :'(
Going out for a long run. Have a good one everyone.
this is u! RT: I'm finally wearing a cute shirt today... under my sweatshirt...
Real niggas say word, I ain't never told no lie...
Have you ever connected with someone's eyes and feel like you've had the deepest conversation without even saying hi yet.
#FF My Ph.D in Psychology. Hows that for ambitious? =]
Our neighbors are vampires.
Good man, how 'bout you? Stop ducking me on lunch!
TY , you're fantastic yourself! RT "#FF she's a great business coach for women entrepreneurs"
that must be
In Milwaukee with nothing to do tonite? Check out vs. Astors at 7p or the IMAX film Born to be Wild
Life is such a paradox! Why does being stabbed in the back feel like you've been stabbed in the front?
You are so annoying. And you look like Snookie so yeah
VIVA MEXICO at Mingei Int'l's Collectors' Gallery features trunk show of Agustin jewelry. Buy a bauble.
thanks yoqu and I'm good to
There's something to be said about waking up to the smell of a campfire.
lol last time I golfed I didn't have a putter and used like a 4 iron.
Working on Econ finals. Less than a year to go in my MBA program then onto the PhD - am I crazy to want to spend 11 years in college?!
please follow she is you biggest fan!24
you don't have any ladies sizes or I would! U should consider doing some 'print to order' ones in ladies sizes.
I'll take whatever I can get !!
thats why you're the gift... er "notfairy" and not the tooth fairy
RT : That's it! We watched #ForksOverKnives & are going for a plant-based diet! Animal products no bien, homies
OMG those look delicious...
I'm reading some new plays. If you have a favorite that touched you or that you really loved please send over a suggestion.
Thanks, We had a great time.
Currently is working on an album for a major artist that may very well change pop music.
thank you
After graduation, I'm going... dare I say it... magenta!
Who are the whackos who voted for Maxine Waters? Were they all the dead democrats living in vacant lots that Acorn registered to vote?
If a mute swears does his mother make him wash his hands with soap?
haha watching that movie Teeth xD Lmao its supose to be scary but its mostly funny!
Organic celery
Kourosh said this will work.
We eat pieces of shit like You for breakfast.
What weirdness has been showing up in your life lately?
Conference championship games!
I want Jersey Shore season 2 to be on MTV right NOW!!!!!!
Chairman Jim Leach of is luncheon speaker.
Yu should be ashamed don't bring that nasty shit here we get called enough names as is
Let's go boys! We need us a big WIN tonight!
Whenever i'm upset i just watch or listen to straight to dvd
It's a great day to support the arts... Please give to the RISD Annual Fund!
I love the show castle
I saw two black people in West Virginia
RT : Based on ratings, Ds need to keep all seats currently leaning to them and win all tossups and most "leans R" seats to win House
Today is TRINA'S day. Call now and get 20% off your great facial today. Trina only comes on Fridays so call now. 3015850888
RT Impatiently waiting for the first section to start!
answered it for you. I love people that rage over this stuff
If it’s one sound I can live without ever hearing again, it’s a tornado siren.
You think there's a suicidal Pollyanna out there who thinks of her depression as free Botox?
Carrot cake 😄
what u #Rockin tonight? I know u went and grabbed some new gear!
Watching American Pickers with Viggle Mon | 6PM | History Get real rewards just for watching TV.
that one is very blog-worthy :)
Just a little, but from home. More listening to music than anything though.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration. - Ansel Adams
Long day!
Wow What a great deal!
ok, and my braces are suppose 2 come off on may 17 or something like that :D
Common Boggs, you're not living up to that facial hair!
Not sure why I am still up #longestdayever... But I am... chillen in BK watching folks stumble up from the subway.
I know! Moral: don't promise your kid Sea World w/out figuring out how to get there first.
she is something else. And beautiful eyes at the end. #Idol Crazy Hot and God it was good.
I'm making up words right and left over here, dammit! That wasn't one of them.
Absolutely. LOVE love love the content you've been sharing today, thank you. Seems like another amazing #shclds event.
#rappersbetterthansouljaboy Mac Miller
Thanks for the heads up!
why do dominican guys insist on wearing aeropostal???
I'll Advise You to SHUT THE FUCK UP!
Do you want to DOUBLE or TRIPLE customers to your restaurant or pizza shop? Check out our new POS & Social Media Marketing Systems...
on Lynx environment, largely "Mojave Ambient". Reminds me of a new-age jazz mix or maybe a bad cologne.
I need a quick topic for a tech video today. Let me know!
I'm just a flirt no harm done!
My truck was just on national television... Anybody catch it?
you have to make sacrifices for revival fires!
that is what I thought but if I ever find a pic like that again and it is Vin i will send you a link even if it isnt monday
I miss you too ashley, but we still have conference!!!
RT : Since I am not in the classroom this yr. my best experience was being a "student" on #sschat #Uinspireme<-Ahh
Life's all about moments of impact❤❤❤❤
NBA Playoffs coming I can't wait for old school Heat Knicks matchup. First victim on way to the
you have to swear your gonna do it ...
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
U2 live on YouTube tonight!!
hehe, that's what I was thinking about today, too... Btw, I wanna meet Imogen!
sounds good
MWM welcomes aboard Connor Mac! Watch out for this guy! He is a total character and killer actor!
Need dunkin donuts right
we talk on fb every now and then. She is married and just had a baby a few year ago
where you workin'?
too funny!
Seems about right. It took a while for them to sign Largo Town Center everywhere as I recall. Lots of signage to adjust!
#thisIsTheMoment where I'm missing Him</3 Badly
Was contacted by a Lecturer/Researcher from a University in Europe who teaches HCI and tried the tool. Working on pricing for education!
Ready to move on after a disastrous bout of #libraryschool #midterms. At least it's over?
a V and boobs
Ya'll better look for me on ABC at this #Knicks game
I need you PAPA ♥ ♥
Hope you go to the number one girl tour :D
Thanks for a good session!
i wonder if i wanna go out christmas night??
Good to be home!
Yes, and even do more than just pee while running! I'm not there yet...
Do you have a city bus tour to recommend? Thanks!
U available Thursday at 7?
in between but then end up doing the good thing. after all is said in done you tell people "ah I found a wallet with 200 bucks
HURT me with the TRUTH but NEVER COMFORT me with a LIE...
It will indeed.. and you always have your friends behind you.. protego! :)
Don't miss Impuria Live at The Chance Theater. This Is your last chance to get tickets! 10 bucks, 12 bucks at the door.
I DON'T HAVE TO SWEAR TO SHIT.
Thanks for the tweet link. Looks like a cool spot. :)
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter It was years ago and I didn't know how to use the dang thing
Cutting it a little close there #kubball. Whatever, #rockchalk!
#honestyhour ive been lied to way to much lately.
I'm translating to others our #wmata driver's announcements. Slight delay=long delay. A few trains ahead of us=lots of trains.
2 wks ago, student asked if he could take home an encyclopedia. I didn't even know we had them in the bldg.
thanks, hope you had a great weekend!
Yeah there wasn't more than 30 people there.
I'd love to see you guys remaking The Music Box.
": There are days when i miss you, and there are days that i don't. Either way, I remember you everyday."
30 more mins then gym time!
Only two more finals and I'm done with school!  1 more day to Summer Break!! 
But Harry's not even my fav! Why am I marrying him again?? hahaha
All Milwaukee typophiles! There is an informal gathering tomorrow at 6:30pm at the Public Market to talk about the conference.
Thank you for waiting!!!
glad I saw ur stupid move now I was going 2b looking for a mortgage soon #Rush has FREEDOM OF SPEECH! This is AMERICA! #tcot”
most obnoxious invention ever...in Nola $75 for speeding $150 for running a red light or not stopping long enough when turning
Look forward to seeing you out there! Gonna be a great show! Always look forward to rockin' Chatt-town!
does he have to follow u do it can go thru to him ?!
Thanks, man! I'm guessing there is something to the old saying 'find something you love and never work again'. Glad you dig it!
don't do it. That game is amazing.
er...technically, yes.
I follow my own Lead, no one else's. That's why I'm so Successful.
u get a chance to listen to that a$ap rocky mixtape?
good morning! up this early to get ready for a skype session with Walker. :) 8am with ..
Yea buddy
Got any invites to Google+?
Go to www.watchnhllive.com register and have full access to our site free and see all the live games that are on tonight!!!!!!
Gymnastic done. Now onto Idol :). Isn't Glee also on tonight?
A big thanks to all wonderful donors yesterday who participated in #GiveBIG! We raised over $4,000 in one day :)
Inspired by dedication of East Coast reporters and producers that are still working at 1:47 a.m.
Yes it's worth 2.99!
Following up on KC posi event & planning next adventures. prepping for Laguna/Montage gig. Faith made me do this :)
We gon drank.. We gon smoke.. We gon Party!!!... All b4 the sun even go down... We got it GOIN ON!!!
Soon, my friend. Soon.
I'm glad to hear that!! If I hadn't been awake for an hour in the middle of the night due to power outage, I'd be better!
Noo! I'm a loser. xD
Great work....I'll miss these videos nearly as much as the Packers
I'm really getting into kinda mad I got hip to em a lil late though... He's fucking dope nonetheless.
I'm thinking about making a cartoon about Twitter. It'll be really fun but it can only have 140 characters.
thanks man, much appreciated. How ya been?
you're on the waiting list, meaning you have to wait to see if you get accepted. If no spot opens, you're REJECTED!
who the heck is Larry by golly?
hosted convo w/ comm ldrs about the future of volunteering in LA.
It seems I should be watching the game to comprehend your tweets, no?
hi nessie. how are oyu. its grandma!
can Jeremy Morin bring it to me? Haha.
Just hit me (again) how excited I am to be working with and What a great team.
RT : I want a fruit salad #Random<---foh wit that fruit salad shit
anyone be tweeting New Castle Muncie Central updates
I have a weird feeling/hope that is about to drop some Watchmen toast jokes on us.
Yeah I'm DONE!
At a Hitchcock double feature instead of #HarryPotter. I hardly know myself.
Dat Mary Jane In My System To Keep My Mind Settled
-.- wow geilen, do you ever pay attention to me when I talk about him? El morenito.
But hard work for YOU not someone else! And surely it will stop raining for your BBQ! Wait, you're in DE, so maybe not... ;)
Have a great 2012 everyone!
I liked you because you could make me smile. I fell in love with you because you made me want to be a better person.
Come in and try our SUGAR FREE pumpkin spiced lattes!! Show us this tweet and get 25% off ANY drink today!
MKE downtown just delivered festival brochures to the City Center Concierge desk. Come check them out!
“: I play this game cause it's my life,Nobodys Gunna out work me or play harder! Disposition you gotta have #UDHoops #dedication”
Getting hungry....
Romnesia: Forgetting Romney saved the Olympics with a bailout from the U.S. government.
This is hoooorrrrribleeee.
I forget to forward commercials.. #Grimm "everything has an end only the sausage has two" Ha!
To shop at midnight or not to shop? Still thinking about it.
Michael Jonik asks about relations of leaning, touching, and fusing in Whitman's invoked postures.
night. Cali misses you
Follow my husband! He follows back =) tell him happy #bday! He's 28 today heehee
Cleaning the fridge, re-seasoning cast iron. A day in the life.
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Don’t look regretfully into the past or fearfully into the future.
Good Morning 😘
New game drink when he says, "send me a bill." I'm gonna send my electric bill, maybe he can take care of that.
friendly? You all look like devil worshipping ingrates ready to suck my blood.
Just because he cut an innocent man's head off! How dare you and WTF was she smoking #for real
maybe, but not necessarily the wrong move, see instagram, flip board erc
Jereknee Linjury is out for the rest of the season.
deliver msg to pop for lost his number can u
I told my students "The Last Waltz" was the great concert film EVER. They stared at me blankly.
Klick city showcase gunna be live niggas deff need to check it out!!!
Use Evermote to organize blog post ideas
Guess I'll hop on the bandwagon.
Yes, that's the plan RT with staying in the MWC, doesn't that mean they plan to diminish along with the relevance of the league?
now three errors through 10 batters. Raburn can't handle a routine grounder
happy birthday!
So sad that #Borders is going out of business. E-reading is the way of the future!
Eric's maps are so much fun. Thank you for giving us the inside scoop! Always awesome to learn about LA artists.
Survived my first (& second) fantasy football draft last night! Here's to hoping I made some good choices.
#thingsisaidinthe90s goo goo ga ga. Yea i was a baby.
Power outlets in airport terminals are like bottles of water in the desert.
If I could call it a drink, call it a smile on the rocks
How many of you have considered biking to work?
hey, does 5:45 work for you?
im like a medium in EVERYTHING except pinks yoga pants
Rcvd packet of papers from Big Box's bankruptcy lawyers.I have 3% understanding what it all means, but...nice that my name is spelled right.
Happy birthday !
Gwyneth Paltrow is wearing a sheet over her shoulders
i <3 the hunger games
they kill me when they do that to mac's sexy mac's and no OS X or an iPhone with fake screens
Thx Dan - funny how that was sent at just the right time! Hope all is well!
wasn't in the mood for some Melvyn this morning
Aw thank you! My weekend was grand, busy, but grand!
This run IS happening this morning. Now, to get out of bed.
Who has ever yolo'd in Soho?
The #weather is beautiful in #Indiana today. I think I will go out scouting for subject matter.
we expect big things from you Today
Thanks for the rewteet! Can't wait, it will be a great event!
Good night rushers
Excellent! Sounds like you're sharing the msg of #AudaciousFaith RT my home group of ladies is currently on it!
following that link popped up my virus scan to block and exploit
Sexy synth sounds...
AYY I WORKIN WIT TWITTER OFF MY PHONE...IT HARD TO NAVIGATE ON DIS BITCH BUT SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS...IMA PUT YALL OUT THERE!!
if they put Tebow's picture on the towel, The Tebow Towel, ppl would wave them, lol.
Happy Natoinal Cheeseball Day! What are you doing to celebrate?
Done with Networking & Security Class. Going to head into the gym to workout.
Thanks, man. I appreciate you even finishing the thing, but I appreciate the rest of that, too.
matchup and champions?
thinking about riding his bike across campus
Not at the moment, but we'll pass the suggestion along to our Tea Blenders!
crazy shiny! Much better then the comcast blazer feed!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing – Helen Keller
bitch i mite up n a drop top vett leave n a benz jus cuz its gone b dark out side
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER: KELMARIE14 =)
2 very big wins for Logano in NNS back to back at VERY difficult tracks!!
Blunt blowing polo draws showing,
Took a 15 minute power nap for the first time in at least a year - I forgot how refreshing 15 minutes can be!
I shall be at opera! :)
awww you're so CUTE!! :)))) is little Tiana mad? hm? lmao
26 hours later come to HK,can't wait:-P
Watchin #bgc8 reunion. This better then the whole season lol
That elf might be barfing on the street. Yuck!!!
Going to walk the dog then take her to the vet
they must not like chodes I guess..
Nice win for my Louisville Cardinals last night. Hoping for the same tonight vs. Marquette! Put your L's up!
Young Money, (me) Young Bravo snd more Live in Pittsburgh Pa this July! Ticket info coming soon! To all my new followers & supporters thanx
I posted it on fb too, and a whole bunch of my friends have the same thing. I think we all need to move to a sunny climate!
maths are hard.
Ahh, you're looking for WQXR's … her twitter handle is
one of the funniest things you guys have ever done
ha ha I wish I COULDN'T make it clap!! Syke lady in the streets but a freak in the sheets
We were there this weekend so I know exactly what you are talking about!! That's where I took the pat down over the xray scan..
I haven't failed. I've found 10,000 ways that won't work - Benjamin Franklin
"Word" (also a term I do not particularly enjoy - #BeingIronic)
RT Hey OBAMA OR ROMNEY, either one of you wants to get on BANNING 3D FROM ALL CINEMAS, you got my vote.
Tyler is such a bitch 😒
sorry to hear that
I'm finding it amusing how many people are showing up to the Earth Day celebration in Nob Hill in giant trucks and SUVs
I Hate Mondays! they fucking suck!
i need a better new years its 2012 bitch!!!
Rare Palm Trees Foster Botanical Garden
The. Lord has work 4 us a do ur part & be blessing 2 someone, when the world is cruel, remember. God is good. He is miracle maker. Trust
*Types in password* ‘Incorrect password’ *Types in password again* ‘Incorrect password’ ARE U FRIGGIN KIDDING ME THAT IS MY..Oh, Caps Lock.
“: Don't play around with peoples feelings just because you're confused about yours..”
I think I'm the only person who doesn't watch Downton Abbey. Time to get off Twitter for the night I guess...
finally!! hope it goes well!
Thanks for following !
Follow me ill follow back rt
Gosh..ya know..rams are pushing 1 min left in the 2 quarter....AND brought down !
. talking about SLAC as an example of how well scientists explain their work to the general public
Yes! Congrats to Dr. Angela Stroud!!
Global Nuclear Power Market - India Industry
Primarily marketing consultant, w/a Master's in Internet Marketing I get to do little of everything. Love your blog.
You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality. - Ayn Rand
Islands of Adventure today!
We have A LOT of projects o';<
Remember coming home from that cool mountain air to 90 degrees and dead grass. Wanted to bring home a jar of cool breeze
Don't be afraid to try something new. If it works, enjoy your success. If it doesn't work, enjoy your learning. -WilzKanadi
Moment of Frustration Day “You must have long range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short range failures.”---Charles C. Noble
Got in to a fight with my mom. So I broke down in my room. Now I found some inspiration I'm not heartless I just hate the bullshit I go thru
RT : Lmbo... You living THAT life huh? Not that life.... I'm living my life.. Lol
why ain't you my friend then, ms. "i've known black cinema at large for 7 years"? lol :-)
Opening night dinner was a success! Thank you to Cornicopia Catering for the delicious food.
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game. - Michael Jordan
I'm on the top floor underneath the brown stain on the wall. Should be in Friday afternoon.
Never let your memories be greater than your dreams. - Doug Ivester
LMao is this spam?
Out & about enjoying this fine day in Houston! Happy Hump Day!
Ambassador Joseph - Politicians need to ask what we can do with the elderly instead of about the elderly.
I like blue eye liner sorry but it's not gonna change to green eye liner cause you want it too.
My son and his wife said "The Hangover" is hilarious!
follow me in instagram my name is Logan_covergirl go n follow me i follow back :-)
“:senior”ppl use to always say stuff bout my hair cause it's curly and made my friends feel bad. So I guess that's y I jumped u
Fun ideas for this week: Check out the 4th street farmer's market, sell books to Bookmans, ride a bike down the urban trail!
join the club I had to drink a pill the size of a fucking dildoe.
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails." - William Arthur Ward
Gorgeous 1st day back in #Portland, OR - 2 more vacation days, back in office Saturday -catching up tweets/emails/CS101 homework -hike later
Out with friends and family can't get better than this
We made it as silly as we possibly could :) It should be fun to build...
Would love to see pics and/or video of your trip. Good to get an idea what's in store for Joe and me up the North Kaibab.
"Everybody is a thief " dodge ? Pretty sad & pathetic I must say.
“: What did everyone think of tonights elimination? #idol” Tough no matter what. Regardless, is amazing!
Need holiday cards, invitations, announcements, flyers and more? Contact us today - All printing services are 10% off!
did you get my text?
It was a pleasure meeting you
in your heart, in your heart, in your heart.. I can tell you can fit one more
THX RT : Burritos at #Chicago's ? Check-in via at for $1 burrito special.
If you've ever had even the slightest interest in Surrealism or Existentialism, might I recommend the film Rubber. Killer tire. Ok?
holy shit u got skill!!! lmao
Pussy toaster
Paster Rakes, sorry took so long. I'm stuck at work (mgr in training) ill be at the Sunday service if I can speak to you after
Yes it is!!!! RT : life is good
Haven't talked to someone in a real long time and feeling like getting back in touch with them? Who cares.
Morning all. Stuck under a slug of moisture here in the east, but: A dreary morning / cannot extinguish the flame / that powers the muse.
When is it? And where?
he would surely dunk on me... But I'd beat him in a game to 12 with a 10 point spot. LOL
If there was one thing you could change about your physical appearance what would it be?
We would love to see pics of the best costumes if you have them
Anyone else have to take it easy today after #lsmnyc ?
She gives really adequate handjobs and they're freaking awesome. Lol
I think we'll be able to work with that :)
But we sure make it seem like were together. Because we don't wanna see eachother with someone else.
makes a distinction between "academia" and "teaching and learning"
My dad just bought McDonalds... Is he tryna make me fatter ?! Lol
Vending machine is out of snickers. Try the snickers marathon. Not worthy of the snickers name. Plus the machine kept my $0.20 in change.
Wishing my dog wasn't so emotional!!!! Ah
Drinking a La Roja - tart, tangy, oaky...awesome.
Hi people..
Wonder is people are reading these haha
Next time you come back to Cafe HAPA, drink is on the house! :)
Listening to Assemblage 23:Damaged haha i love that song next is Nine Inch Nails:Closer!!! :D :D
Social Dance
still rippin stages? #notevenaquestion haha let's hit the club when ur in town!?
Saw this earlier today! I thought it was a painting, amazing...
hey luv it's me i''m a co owner here :D
did you report on speculations back then too?
Thanks for the follows Elizabeth Warren for Senate (woo hoo!), ; Penny Lane ; and Harry Che
So....my TV like blew up
Sorry to those who received DMs from the vile "person" who #hacked my Twitter account. Several changes made.
Glad to RT! Good stuff!
“ I lightweight did too much tonite now a mf gone be sprung”
you know it ! (: I'm even thinking about wearing my Shanoonoo shirt!
not that I know of ;p
Nice meeting you today Sorry I had to leave in the middle of reading haha. You're a trooper! Now, get some sleep :)
Lose a bitch, gain a bitch
Thanks for the news about ORPHAN!! It's an OUTRAGE!!!! We will soon rectify this stereotype with our series!!!
What a horrible gut feeling ..
Today wasn't too bad forreal.
Why doesn't the freakin #Hootsuite ow.ly "bar" let you EMAIL the link? Am I missing it?
the books are here and ready for the book launch at Grace Place tomorrow from 7pm to 9pm! Come join us if you are in the area!
Indeed. Gave me a good laugh when it happened. Best screenshot I could ever take too.
I love brunch !
goodnight Amber thanks again
where are you? Some good books there
that's 1 way to get tail in jail.. RT “: Indiana State Prison actually allows inmates to adopt cats into their cells.”
April 21st at Harmony Sweet! We're playing with and n_n
Apparently the inspiration for the artist was the 1950s beach hotels along FL east coast. Tacky touristy!
Good workout at the gym, & good thing I'm scheduled for a massage later, cause... Ouch.
I really don't think getting into a sketchy situation that is avoidable = don't use craigslist to buy expensive things
Working through Market Samurai to find a possible niche. I have one and believe I may have another. Market Samurai is just awesome.
work work work RT for that good ol' follow
RT At the height of the Cold War there were 143,000 tanks in the world.
Oh and if you love me, you'll go follow
Thank you for the RT.
so jealous!! Hope you guys are having a blast :)
I think you mean good work CAN happen at the end of the day. Much good work also happens shortly after waking. Fresh eyes.
coach on the 76 sucks!!!!! Homey Class!!! Where are you going?
a power outage to cancel school would be ok ☔⚡
Brats, hot dogs and chips in the central mall at please!
Although they hated my fav club, I'm so glad , , and all the rest came out for my bday.
it's #musicmonday, who wants to suggest us to some friends? new shirt available at www.lovemeelectric.com only 100 made!
im getting followed my woop woop!
Love the guys A class act. Can't wait for next opportunity to talk about the real Doug Lamborn.
did she buy the pears?!?
#NowReading "Into Thin Air" by Jon Krakaur ...been meaning to get around to this one for years.
Deff. Appreciate it! Much more to come..
"you dont have to be on twitter to follow God" -church near my house:)
And by scary, you mean hilarious. RT : Something scary about putting Sarah Phillips first in my "Who to follow" list.
why is Peyton not getting the respect he's earned? Let the man know his fate
I just put 2 and 2 together that just make 4 but not 4 ever
Annas Linens - Spring Fever Sale Comforters - Spanish - comforters on sale
Cubs-Brewers in an epic battle of who stays out of last place
Happy shopping!
I can then install whatever. End of the year, when I'm finished, I just pop the old HD back in and viola! Back to original
. for Cy Young!
I was, but now in OK to help my parents move. Kind of a busmans vacation
Looking for other Christian Clothing Lines to do a fashion show. HMU!
*nodding * Ready now. *Standing up and heading for my study* My study. Then we can go.
Qustion for all #ProcurementManagers. How and what does your organization consider "savings" in your #Procurement organization?
That's why I caught you at eTech Ohio a month in advance! By the way, walking around convention center not advisable.
if you were there helping the colt out and write a blow by blow account I'll pencil u in for another eclipse award
At a moment like this, I can't help but wonder.....what would Jimmy Buffet do??
My new 1,500 sq feet state of art recording studio doors will open to the public starting next week, come and record with a vet.....
Hi... Does the song have to be from the show? If it doesn't have to be, CAN it be from the show? Piano accompaniment? 16 bars?
Watching #Fame :DD
Thanks so much Joel! Love Enjoy Life foods. Hope the latest & greatest products make it to Willy St. Co-op soon!
Saturday night legal party? Or did you get arrested? ;)
oh dude, back to the future? I want Doc's speaker on my wall..
exactly! Coming home tonight to hang out with you.
Smh I Feel Extra Bad!!! I'm Rock It Tho!
good luck with the gringos :-P
I shall! One of my Korean friends is cooking me food soon so I'll try to get recipes :)
Get well soon Chris Bosh!
YAY! and I just hugged in your honor, That was awesome.
Bored and I can't sleep.....great!
those r the best days
Target's website is down. I'm guessing the Missoni collection is a hit? Looks like I might actually have to go to a real physical store.
USA has proof Secret Service guys are nerds: They hire prostitutes then "hang out" with them
This is the weirdest damn race in the history of stock car racing
My home town is burning. I wanna cry.
Cost of Living Adjustments for 2012 include standard deduction increases: Single taxpayers - $150; Married Taxpayers - $300
You guys are so great to your crew! Sounds like you had a great night last night at YUM.
congrats! Let us know when it's airing :)
Help! I'm stuck in the hospital without the Husker game - Room 4227 Lakeside!
can't say the I do...
Knitting a coffee coozie so people at work stop doubling up on paper cups at work. Does that make me queer or a visionary?
Looking forward to playing for Priscilla's lingerie store opening tonight! She made it happen! If YOU happen to be in Winnetka, come by!
I feel so close to you right now.....
Homemade corn tortillas: putting the new press to good use.
Fruits and Veggies..... I am going to enjoy some cherries!
Tick season here earlier than usual. Find out when the creepy, crawlies hatch at ten on
hey its monika follow me back and can you give me a shoutout for this account because i just made it lol
Where are all these guys from Illinois coming from? they were so shitty last year
So sweet. East of Eden < 333
LAST MINUTE RUSH due to traffic on the site! DELIVERY 2mro! MUST order by 1PM www.worldchampionfans.com
LOL! Sounds like the holidays will be as crazy as ever!
When you can't grow chest hair, get a Chris Brown 'across the chest' douche tatt! And now, Jack Sparrow
Thanks, I'll take a look!
Video Killed the Radio Star
I told Bill Schuman that his Carols of Death was one of the greatest works of the 20th c. He said that Robert Shaw told him the same thing.
2NIGHT @ TRAP ATLANTA: 's Men &Women in Uniform Party! If you signed up for the party on SDC arrive by midnight for your discount!
is slowey injured too?
"investing in fantasies and not God..." - Plug Two
Off to the city for a Go See for some Print work. ;-)
haha i told my dad hw to LOLing n he as like o_O haha funny moment there then he LOL with me haha
sure, I'll be up. Did you want an SW pet or anything? Copy of Rift?
Might squeeze me in 5 days this week. Gotta make that money.
Biggest error: letting yourself get too hungry.
you have to check out Kauapea Beach. It's a nude beach, but it is super picturesque.
I am dreaming of a place . I am dreaming of a place where the stars always twinkle and the sun always shines
We'll have a table in a week! Would you rather learn ukulele or African Dance from us?
Loving my trip to Denver... who'd have thought it would be sunny enough to drive with the top down when there's still snow on the ground?!
Narf! Be sure to Follow for your SpongeBob news and random funny and interesting quotes! I'm still laughing!!
“: Ill be surprised if fits into her prom dress after that lunch we just ate” YOGFO (you only get fat once)
On the couch... Just rented War Horse. Root canal ruined my day. I think this will make it better
Yeah, doesn't make sense. Therefore, I'm not seeing the reality in it.
Please remind everyone to use your #TasteCamp tag. Looking forward to following from afar.
Sorry Newt. I'm pretty sure the Irish speak English.
If the auto-suggested words rarely match what I am trying to say, does it mean that I speak differently? Keeping this thing on it's toes.
was gonna study for this ap world test ... then realized
tY Barron :) Haven't been called a mother before-at least not in a good way :) Woofs
