Good luck today buddy!
thanks man.
ugh! Lame. I'm sorry. Ma'am, did u just tweet Kim kardashian?!
what are his rates
Movie review: The funny, profane and brutally violent hockey comedy &#39;Goon&#39; lights the lamp
I love your screenname. :)
Soo many partys this weekend...but after this SB, I'm partied out haha
Estrada's pitch count is only 59. Weird move sending him up with bases loaded in the 6th, but had to be done.
I would say the same on behalf of women's basketball. (Yes, I officially represent the soul of women's hoops.) Why the hate?
Wow! Thats awesome!!! Now if you just keep it! :))
Thanks! That dog was cute and chubby. He'll eat a lot of biscuits with $100 Grand :-)
Don't worry they were down below on the sand getting their naked tan on lol.
#np big spender by ASAP Rocky and Theophilus London
i swear my family wants me to fail school. They wanted to go out to dinner. Not even home yet. Havnt even touched Psych.
The lure of the Thai.... RT I was just saying how good sounded!
Ah, I love the smell of Cracker Jacks and beer in the morning!
Help me and help me help kids - I'll give you copies of Say-N-Play to give away on your show. It's a win-win proposition....
SoCal #archivists #librarians and historians, join us Oct. 22 L.A. Archives Bazaar, hosted Doheny Library. FREE
You can tell Shaunie is annoyed I am too lol
“: Halfway to Bluegrass Armageddon. Ball in your court now, Kentucky.”god, ur the only UofL fan I really can't stand
you're very welcome!!!!
IT IRRITATES THE FUCK OUT OF ME ! Talking about people only makes YOU ugly!!
I swear to god if people keep calling the health care plan "Obamacare" I am going to 'splode.
Answering questions right now. Anything and everything.
The best theater deal in Denver-$10 Thursdays is back for Casual Encounters/Missed Connections! Come see original live comedy for just...
Try our Rise & Shine Mix - a scrumptious assortment of our breakfast pastries & coffee cakes including cinnamon rolls & scones!
yes ma'am she is!! Dude I just helped daddy paint the downstairs living room:D
If you dont like spongebob references then *dolphin noise* you
everything was delicious.
Shop til you drop while supporting PB! Hit up Bay View's Rummage Sales on Sat. May 15 and make sure to stop by 2209 S. Allis St!!
Attending #GBPI2012 Policy Conference
Ohh that's the worst!! I'm sorry! My homework is actually really easy I'm just too lazy. Haha
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes
thanks for the follow.. I'm available for emcee work for your Pride if you're looking for talent. :)
:) thank you! RT : I gave +K about Food on
Cause she know where to put it !
I am going to watch as long as I can tonight and catch the rest later. Thank goodness for TiVo.
Have you picked up your copy of the March Milwaukee Magazine yet? We are happy to say that we are in it for TOP DAY SPAS.
AW HOW DOES IT FEEL TO HAVE YOUR INSPIRATION HEAR YOU SINGING? MUST FEEL AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who loves MEME's? We're about to share one! heheheh
and a play that's simple and quiet and small
Sure! Have a great weekend.
I love for being herself. She keeps it real~all the time!
g mail want let me send u da track son.. its sayin its too many MB to send
thanks for the recomendation happy u got good price and selection you'll really enjoy our customer service too
I like fun reads! Thanks for these blips of info.
#Fedhill you scary.
RT Damb, Owen Daniels may have broke his hand????
The MeetBall'z
Buy a month supply of Latisse and get one free!
#WhenIWasYounger I fought for cookies not guys.
Felt compelled to learn more and found video on your NOVA blog. Students will appreciate the prep!
I've been home since 9. Its 1am and my mom just got home. Hahaha.
thanks! Great day! Not as cray cray as last Sunday !
i doubt she'd want this public
Diablo 3 #devmke run delayed to 7:30pm today due to downtime on servers. Show up early in IRC and let's hop on a teamspeak server
When you are tired; listen to your body and realize you might actually need a break, a nap, or fresh air instead of pushing yourself more.
I WANT SOME JUNK FOOD!!!!
Cosentino: For group interviews, work with the team, don't try to dominate the others. Team players get the job.
Great game tonight, got me a ground role double and did pretty good pitching...ready for tomorrow.
You treat me like a game, I'll leave you like It's a joke.
I had no idea getting a penis stuck in a bottle was such a common problem
That's the way we do it! RT : "Let the Bass Go" by #NowPlaying at 's SKYBAR.
Thanks! I seem to be up and running!!! :))
Looking for a little laughter to shake away those rainy day blues? We've got your cure!
Erm. What did I miss with "auto tune"?
Time to walk some #Huskies with
Just got back from the #LAFitness gym. Did the #P90X #AbRipperX and plyometrics workouts.
Yes, just writing the article was ironic. Self-referential irony is the best!
not too bright are you.. The only satanists are Christians.cus no one else believes in satan. He's a christian invention.
Oh no Groupon just sent me an offer for a "romantic" 2-nt stay in Burbank + champagne.
Them edible arrangements r so bomb the fruit is fresh to...lol
The more time spent creating information results in less time synthesizing it.
that's just foster magic
Hey, thanks ! $5 worth of produce spoiled in 24 hours! U may want to check in w/your southport store. Back to we go!
I'm keeping my donuts. You can have the holes.
keep making triathlete reports awesome.
A garden is always a series of losses set against some triumphs, such as life itself.
#TheBestThing is when someone makes you smile
same here, bout to get out of bed and go apply. I'll get there around 11:00.
Janet & Nick have #Warpedtour tickets this morning.
"He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything."
Not enough baby mama drama in the world to make someone throw another out a window. Sadstory.
I'm ending this long week with half an hour in Starbucks and blogging. Best way to end the week!
Printin some tees down by the river...
Hate it or love it the rise to the top has hatter and you have to keep going
irrelevant. it's a 48 minute game. not a 3 minute game.
Will Do and your welcome.
West Tennessee is very country. All fields, really calm
Ya want me to tweet you the final again???
Yes rain kissing my arms and forehead. I missed you!
Thank you for the retweets! You are an amazing person! If I can help you in any way please contact me at my www.innothinkgr
Painting my room green. :-)
A study finds 40,000 preventable occurrences of harm happen in US hospitals EVERY day. Stay healthy and get out as fast as possible.
(c) year…I'm also kinda nervous with all the big students around haha♥
S/O to preciate the follow luv
followed all 3 of you.
So how was Sylvie's party?!?!
Thanks for following me! I hope you guys play Kansas City some time.
Boots with the fur
I'm done bitches, suck on that!
So what if julian is preforming for vinny. are u going to stop supporting them? are u going to start hating on julian? No? ok so STFU
U need ur Momma, hope she is around & not lost again, Lol
Diabetes is a pretty big deal -- with rising obesity it has become the epidemic of this century
Kandi was plucked! thanks for a fabulous reunion!
Thanks for the follow back, sir.
Tell me what you think! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
Thomas O'Brien shopped at Sienna Antiques last week!! Purchased a vintage tripod - movie light from my space! Visit Sienna in Petaluma!
Red and Green Affair's jammin in the City Room, but I'm in the Library of Death writing about Greenman v. Yuba?
Just found an old stack of reggae CDs from college... how do you play them again? for Steel Pulse!
Thank God you're graduating!
lasagna is in the oven and wine is poured.
In About 2 Hours I Will Be Milwaukee Bound!!
My pace writing this paper is on 🐢mode....need to be at 🐰speed!
love wednesdays cause im off!!!..well for my friends in twitter..have a great day @ work....xD...god bless you..
Lmfao " I was sweating like Mike Tyson at a Spelling Bee! " ... You a fool !!!
The prom dress I want is $500 &my mama won't get it. -_______-
That awkward moment when promised to follow you a month ago, but never did.
Never happened
I guess I'm excited to see you too, it's only been forever since I've seen you. I've never needed a vacay so badly!
OMG tomorrow is our last Millie show... #sadtweet :'(
I'll bring it to happy hour Thursday! Come on by Delirium-back room before 9pm
Holliday Escapades .... anyone want to share!!!
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
take off the !
hm...should I take the job offer and miss out on my family and friends? I'll have money but I'll be far from them...
Never knock on Death's door; ring the doorbell and run (he hates that).
“: CHEATING: is played out....if you wanna fuck around, just be single dont put people feelings into something that Aint real!”
you are really awesome!!! ...And so that quote!! : )
Follow Customized Exercise with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Tonight @ BDW we have Giants vs New England and 12 wings and a drink for 9.00
Joan Rivers' wax statue is on TV right now and it ALMOST looks real! Amazing technology. What's that? It's not a wax statue? Oh. Wow.
Reserve your spot today for The Truffle Cheese Shops' 5th Annual Wknd "Get A-Whey" visit to the Ugly Goat Farm. $55-$65/pp
Agreed. Would love to start a panel with you guys to establish guidelines to stop fake reviews
SHERMAN LIKE MICHELLE A THINK SAY A YARDIE ROB THE U.S. JUDGE GUY ONLY FE FIND OUT SAY A FE HAR PEOPLE DEM DO IT LOL
Cant wait to see haha
lmao! But I know exactly where that's at. Their food is aight foreal.
CORRECTION: Come hang out at and get Rock'd by and Mar 6 6:30 Benefit for .. Mar 2!
trying to explain why #Forgiveness means Staying AWAY from your abusers.
Catch DFTO on MONDAY NIGHT pub - its a Battle of the Cover Bands...but we don't do covers. Watch us break the rules !
Sorry, I don't tolerate that word or the people who use it. Bye!
Not everyone is reading Newsweek to hear about Venter's latest accomplishment. Need to do more.
Seriously... should be fun! we'll have to find something in FoCo this winter!
Persistent, yes. Thin skin? You really don't know me that well. Actually, not at all. Hey, BTW, what's a "Liberal"?
Hey baby I got the poison, you ain't getting up from this one...
BIG WORM BIG HOLE....I DONT GIVE A DAM!! llab
When do you start?
is placing redstone on upside down half blocks in the queue? cause it would be very convenient
Exactly! (Well, tweeting and watering the garden for me, but same idea)
what the note say..?
Feels great to conversate with a girl you've had a crush on for awhile, sucks being a #hopelessromantic though
Friend me on Facebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro. I want my 5000 friends back. I missed you all
Will do! Yeah, I can imagine. Lucky my mum ran into some other people around the corner and the bloke ran off.
Got to move in today but no cable or internet...Cmon MidTown!! What's a player gotta do to watch a little college football??
Can you recommend a file transfer program for securely sharing large business files with a colleague?
Let us know where that smelly trash can is located, and we'll check on it!
only the peoples following u or whoever's name u put into it the tweet I believe.
Having a tough time watching the #JuniorSeau coverage.
- Thank you for that. I'll give it a try. Have a good day.
Pat Sajak Assassins at Ten Mile House in Afton tonight.
MLB TV has the Chicago feed though, if you live outside the Cleveland viewing area.
Are you going to PowerGen India? Meet with our team!
Mentioned "clubbing" in a tweet, gain 7 followers promoting different bars and parties. ...Oh-kay.
sowwy i destroyed dinner :( :( :(
Tell her I said I want him to devour my nipples. :) RT : she said master alien wants to eat your pussy !(:
#Economy #Consumers Love when you are POSITIVE! Wish #CNBC programs were as well!
#BOYFRIENDteaser !!!! please please
My friend said she need an ass so I said Take some ass shots lol
Come see The Devil & Daisy Jane, the hottest new rock-pop musical in town! 3234628460
good good mama, u know everyday i'm hustling, lol. i hope all has been well your way. #peace&blessings
it was beautiful I love what u and lamar have and I hope one I get that :)
It's Friday and a beautiful 1 even w/gray skies. A bit undone 2day counting my blessings as a child of the King!
And I will always love you.
#truth. “ “ A Lesbian's worst nightmare is falling for a confused bisexual #TeamLesbian””
The new icarlys wrong I'm 1d biggest directioner jk but I am a huge directioner
Watch the movie "Food Inc." I just MIGHT cure your cheeseburger addiction forever. 
haha it's okay :)
could be or my pc might be where I go to disconnect
Sad to miss #Servolution today. Making a difference!
Oak trees down on HWY 193 in New Castle. Women crashes into large oak tree and walks away with minor damage. Be careful in this weather.
My favorite PDP moment is yelling VICTORY (in a Johney Drama voice) after he punches someone wait what that didn't happen lol
Super sad to see that Gavin DeGraw will be on Dancing With The Stars. He should not be sharing a stage with Steve Urkel.
Who is down for some Mass Effect 3 Co-op tonight?
I can NOT wait for my week in MSP b/c is so close to my hotel...and so yummy and fun!
Too many good girls single, too many hoes taken.
I wonder if Jason from Friday the 13th is just an old school hockey fan, because the new face masks have much cooler badass designs.
which show?
At the zoo...i mean waiting outside for the concert. If students need 2 b here early parents should b allowed in 2.
welcome here!
Number one in the AL Central. Read 'em and weep, Detroit.
holly your pretty we have blue eyes like that becuase we wear certain makeup you pretty just experiment on yourself thats (c)
I recently finished it and loved it. Don't know how I'll feel about the new movie...
lmao. I was kidding! Ha
Much bigger game for Brew Crew, but this state belongs to the Pack. 1)Packers 2)Badgers 3)Everyone else...
Today is starting off to be one of those Mondays
good! It's great to be busy!
haha yeah :p
Ah. Here goes my first final.
This. RT If Kim and Beyonce become friends, I'm done with humanity.
#Opera Friday Night we have a COSTUME Party happening ! Bottle Specials on CIROC & NUVO! Sounds By Hosted By:
yep, double attack, Row V. They're awesome seats.
Today in Literary History: On April 18, 1842 the first edition of THE POETS AND POETRY OF AMERICA was published.
signed a contract with KVZ Music Ltd.
― W.H. Auden, New Year Letter
haha! I was like what the heck? When I walked by Haha
in June??? I thought you were coming in May??
you think im stupid, but i can see everything youre doing
i need to cut my hairr lol
lets consider 3 risk profiles: low-med-high
what did u do to your foot?? Btw, I'm ignoring your question! Lol
Good Day, Party People!!!!
A heart filled with regret, will always be cautious to take the next step
Let's see anncd #Euro2012 & agreement for #NFL, is it possible 4 to have any more exciting news? Maybe tomorrow...
Selling off all our Biker Products!!!Some for $2.00 over cost!!!! Time to quit be looking on facebook/Kenneth Rector..thanks
Tweeting about moths in lubbock.
is done with leg one.... out on course for leg 2.
We would love to play a few songs on Free Form or something else! Let us know!!
Last night's UNSIGNED CELEBRITY CONCERT SERIES (Westbury L.I.) was CRAZY! We thank the talent, the industry, & the 325+ people who attended.
That's my job. see you at 1
Which remedy are you referring to?
Scored tickets to two nights of the #B-Bash! #Excited!
kickback for life!
Jeepers, I am never taking a hiatus from Twitter to move again-- 1209 new tweets, really?
while i do my homework, yes please!
Made my bed I gotta lay in it, hopefully it all be over pretty soon
I legit just want some chipotle and a sugar cookie lol o_O.
Share the love! At this very moment someone is thinking good thoughts of you.
"LISTEN TO THIS TRACK BITCH!" "Well I WAS gonna listen to this track, till u called me a bitch so fuck you."
I feel the same way about the ! Ha! :)
: The MA health care law isn't hell or nirvana. It's an experiment -- and we think more states should try new things.
Been listening to Pandora for 3 hours, where would I be without it.
SB45 Biz Lesson # 17: Honor the legends of the game.
follow mirandamaleskifans to support her shes my favorite!!!
Retweet if you are NOT the father
996- girl! Where have u been ? I miss you :) your pretty inside and out don't let anyone tell u wrong <3
Rocketown hangs tonight for EP release show! 
It Making Very Cold
True inspiration. I can relate with you on a few things. I would love to talk to you about a non-profit campaign I co-founded.
I gotta have them air yeezy 2s
is also my favorite female MC she is the baddest alive no chick can hang with her
Re: last tweet--Undxed Children's Day was actually today, but that doesn't mean you can't still spread awareness!
#SmackDown later lets go
And is it hollerin child day? I told two kids to stop!
I do most of my own stunts.
I forgot, is anyone other than Herman Cain running for the Republican nomination for president?
In 12 playoff series (73 games) during the KG era, the Celtics have lost Games 1 & 2 just once, against the Heat last season.
Today in Invention History: Frederic Ives patents the process for half-tone printing in 1893
might be time for you to get your own reality show.
Budget Cuts all but close summer classes for Higher Edu in California. Can't even get 6credits that apply to my degree. The END is NEAR!
yup. Timmy has fresh legs too
"Christopher mentioned cute bunnies. Well, those bunnies can cost a lot." Perforce's Furkan Khan: finding content takes avg of 30 min/day.
beverly hills... That's where I want to be!
We look forward to seeing you all tomorrow, 9/18, at 1 PM at the Leavey Center Esplanade for the MPS HR BBQ esp.
Hey, I heard you were a wild one...
I'm working on getting to paid vacation....
me and can't stop listenen to "They Call Me", mad respect for you and Bei Maejor, ride to it everyday
Every girl has glasses now. Not convinced they all need them.
Too small for Charley O RT : Figured KU got stuck w/ ton of backordered Mangino swag, but obviously we had no idea
I wanna do it so bad to Mark Ruffalo. And by "it" I mean sex.
OnlineRehabClinic.com now offers luxury alcohol and drug virtual rehab - 30 days use only $195. Don't Let Them Die, Family can sign on now
RT : Dear 99% of TV Pundits, your "witty banter" is neither "witty" or "banter." You just sound stupid. Signed, Your Audience
Ohh Yeah I forgot We gone kick it Hard
I don't even understand why it's a thing. Ridiculous.
Springtime gardening classes and social coming March 4th and 18th!! Come for some knowledge and meet fellow gardeners w snacks fm
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee(: its on Wednesday can I get a shoutout on that days vlogg?
I would thoroughly enjoy that!! hahaha
I hear it's Craft Beer Week....Celebrate it tonite at the Inn with a Shock Top or Laguintas IPA on draft while you watch the game!
wait what? O.o
haha way to make people lolz in mtgs dude..crackers & cheese..w grapes..grew up on that shit..#VirginAmerica you fancy huh?
my nephew is being born on Thursday and Sunday is the only day I can see him... But it is MSG...
Cooper. Nice! What states is he doing?
Twitter is way cleaner than FB, simplistic!
RT : Were getting closer to 1/2 of US adults using social media. #epatcon knows the stats!
If their loyalty is real then they should be there for you regardless if you're wrong or right.
text me
Boutta roll a perfect blunt ima twitpic tht shit when im done
brandon Parrish
Twit, I made a new game on mw3. Want to get on and play it with me. IT's a 4v4 one btw.
i cant 2
Happy belated birthday !! :D
Happy Birthday !
Why are the sample questions for Science EOG Review easy? The test isn't going to be this easy so...
Joining other #Millenials this weekend to showcase the good work that is being accomplished by good people. Thank you, !
: smart, irreverent, empathic, reader
I knew the lakers was gonna go ham tonight!
Looking forward to finally seeing I’ve heard great things about it, but have no idea what to expect.
ONLY custom printer in the US w/ 10’ wide dye sub, 16’ wide digital printing, 10’ wide UV-printing to rigids & screen-printing capabilities!
Cause there's faith in love ?e
Tonight. with the Paul Weitz Trio at the Backroom in Canoga Park, Ca at 8:00pm
so, planning on coming to see you AGAIN in Minneapolis..and even Iowa?
#FrancesTheMakeUpGuru : ATTENTION BLACK GIRLS! YOUR BLUSH IS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE FIRE TRUCK RED OR BRIGHT PINK. GET IT RIGHT!
uh, okay then. Whatever.
I bet you do, Heidi; you're just that kind of girl ;)
A limited number of tickets will be available beginning at 2 pm at the fest
found tiny cat teeth marks in the ($40) bag of special cat food on the counter. Selkie!!!!
pray...and pray some more
Good luck on your recovery, You and Kevin Love gonna be cornerstones of the franchise for many years to come
2/22 students were offered their textbook in digital format, but both chose the printed versions.
that is deep, in that a wise person knows he knows nothing at all!!!!
Oh wow! I'm gonna be busy for the next few months, back to back! Can't say anything yet but it'll be fun! Maybe a 3rd one can work too! :)
Where did you park? You're the second car in two days in our neighborhood. Please file a police report.
#YourNotTeamMindlessWhen you have no respect to them
Hey thanks RT : I like your twitter picture!
Congrats Theta Omega chapter on winning Greek Week for the 5TH consecutive year! (TY !)
I always worry about that. RT : sometimes i worry that i'm not convincing enough
I sleep in the weirdest positions sometimes.
he fakes like hes 3betting river like 4 times and then folds lol, up to about 30k.
Crazy day.. scheduling bands, tearing down the ceiling, scraping the floors and putting up new walls, show and space sure are coming along!
Why is everyone being such a meanie?!?
great meeting today with - Awesome Hearts!!!
#URI STUDENTS INVITED! Come to the Alumni Center THURS FEB 23 4-6pm to meet Prof Renee Hobbs and learn about the Harrington School!
#yeahyousexybut It's not just about looks
are on the road from Cali just to play at #ExtremeThing today. After this, they will be headed on a month long European Tour.
I'M AT THE DOCTOR. I'LL LOOK AT EVERYTHING IN LIKE, A LITTLE BIT.
Thanks for the RT
Help trend #MahoneOnB96 PLEASE?! :) let's try to get him back to Chicago!
no Miami got this lol
Me either but it would feel like skipping part of the story if I left it out.
You act like you hood, and hood niggas will harm ya
Not a bad business move at all.
Cary Price's mask at the Winter Classic is a tribute to Jacques Plante. Beautiful!
this months meet-up is about helping create teen after school programing class & teaching accessibility. www.bit.ly/i3kxny
I saw two girls taking pictures of each other eating pizza and thought how fucked up that was. That's when I realized I was alone and fat.
that shit's too funny. "no. Omg. We were just kidding" oh okay. So the same shit you say to me is a joke with her...
In man, at least, satisfaction is commonly followed by boredom.
Coming up on #9NEWS 5pm, I've got your Sunday evening forecast. Get your shorts out this week... Here comes the sun!
Anyone ever take #GoldsGym #BodyStep class?
Bobby, pls shoot Tom and me an email re: tomorrow. Thanks!
At TEDx Sacramento. Come check it out.
When your throat hurts from singing so loud. Thanks for all that you guys do. I didnt meet you guys but I had so much fun.
Temple run is addicting-.-
boo. I don't wanna go back to work.
Cant even do it. Bring me my e cig! I might feed you...
Am having a great time connecting with and meeting so many fantastic librarians!
I wish Chris Farley had lived to play the role of that Q'arthian merchant.
Its been a long day. G'night yall... -_-
dressin up in an african gown oh yea
Ok stomach, this is my last big Mac, I promise. I know this food is fake but I just had to have it
Heading back home. Had good time at the Jungle
Celebrating 5 years of marriage today with my best friend
Bayleigh, Your A Turd! Nobody Likes Someone That Poops In The Water! Bahahah
Does realize that from now on, should he attend an ALA conf., librarians will be screaming his name & throwing bras at him?
sure! Great bingo app, just the chat can get interesting haha
Surely those must be omens of some sort?
The Choptops cancelled their show with us. Our feelings are hurt. Sorry ladies.
Agreed! Another side of the memoir/“: omg how good is Weight”
either way they'll know, but my way will see if they really care to figure it out, but it aint hard to figure out.
(Buddha)All that we are is a result of what we have thought+ (E.Nightingale)You become what you think about+ [Prov23:7]As We Think So Are We
“Learn from Jesus by often being in his company.” (Med 78.2— Feast of St Andrew, Apostle)
This world so so fuck,ed up
Looking for a REALTOR in Albuquerque? Contact Gift Realty NM.
Spurs are looking at signing Caron Butler! That would be a great fit for them! Parker and Ginobili are getting old!
Haha, Im Playin With my Soccer ball
Just droped my dad at his work..and the concert and my dads work are in the same ave....but they already left ..i wanna see simon D!!!
You've turned into everything you said you would never be.
The current beard needs to pull an Amish.
#ThatOnePersonWho U seem 2 never really lose feelings for no matter how hard u try they jus have a piece of ur heart
Lily Allen is so cool y'all
Amy feel better. Being sick totally stinks. Hopefully you have someone close to take care of you....
If we don't realize that we change everyday we'll never realize we're always growing into who we're supposed to be.
Mike Tyson and Don King, part 2. It could happen. Our new blog is posted at www.ussportspages.com.
Alex forgot my birthday 👏 I want chocolate strawberries 💩
The whole world is about three drinks behind.
Haha that's what I thought! :b
RT Thanks to all of you - in & out of uniform, past and present - who sacrifice so much so we can be free.
Thanks for the RT and yes its true! Engagement differs b/w universities though~ some are doing a great but others could improve
it's a turn off!
i used to hate when the dj talked over the first part of the song, Lol!
": Liam: "I once cried on a restaurant because the waitress told me i could not eat my soup with a fork. I had to use spoon.""
And just retweeted Thank you, Twitter.
Score polk county 3 orl 0 top of the 4th inning watch live @ www.doublediamondbaseball.com at Bishop Field
or boring te he
Shoot today!! :)
Thanks for the mention!
you got mail
RT FOR A SHOUTOUT!! MUST BE FOLOWING, I FOLLOW BACK! :D
I vote Ashton Kutcher for Aaron Sorkin's Steve Jobs biopic!
I was so slaphappy at practice today..😝
Patricia Martin just gave a big shoutout to my local library Oak Park IL
You are a black dragon. You are often misunderstood by people as dark or evil, but you're just introverted and prefer your time alone.
Nothing happens when you sit at home. Go out, do something that will help you excel in any positive aspect of life.
any chance i can pick your brain tonight or tomorrow?
Get pre-approved for financing before looking at homes. Know what you can afford.
hey nick if we doo send u fan mail will u reply too them cuz my sis wants too know!!!!
email me!! halfthegirl2011!
Just like that, two BigTen teams were eliminated (Wisconsin & Michigan St). Here's hoping Ohio State fares better tonight.
I want to teach a class on how to make it look like you checked a swing. Wigginton is great at it. Head down acting like nothing happened.
"The last thing I want to do us hurt you" Yeah but it's still on your list.
Looks like picture will be locked in less than 2 weeks. submission will be a slightly better cut than
LOL. She KILT it!
Thanks for the FF last week!
Don't tell me one thing then do another .
Hi! We'd like to invite you to audition for #TheMentorStudio, you'll meet producers and directors in a 12week programme!
Can't sleep so playing a bit of
Directioners Love One Direction Moms. Anne. Karen. Jay. Patricia. Maura. Thanks for giving birth to these 5 lads.
Drunk and going to bed 💤💤💤
Nope. Because then they will think you are random, crazy, and awkward.
I wonder what Phineas & Ferb is doing tonight??
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Brees has graham, colstain, sprolles, Ingram. So much weapons
Uh oh
What is weird is most of us don't look at Emmis stations as competitors-hence our surprise. Money in same bucket, no?
Beer Pong starts tonight at 10pm. $10 registration fee and the first pitcher of bud light is $5. Get your teams ready! See you tonight.
I agree, why choose? MT Strategic planning is out; scenario planning in? Why do we have to choose?
Visit your local library and pick up a copy of The Geography of Bliss by Eric Weiner, this month's Reader's Den discussion!
“The emails sent from an MPS account constitutes a violation of our policies,” wrote an MPS official to WR.
that looks like a world of fun
he did not, but I love the pics from both of you the past couple days!
Who do you have in tonight's duel in the desert... Sundevils or Wildcats?
Dear , please teach your flight attendants the difference between "the" and "that". That must be a specific object, not a class. Thx!
If I won the Powerball tonight I would....be mildly enthused.
April 18, 1923 -Yankee Stadium opens as the Yanks beat the Red Sox 4-1. Babe Ruth hit the 1st Yankee Stadium homerun in front of 74,200 fans
Except ÜBER hot.
you handling your biz though. When you back in the studio?
beg ur mom
why does it have to be so easy to buy things on Amazon?!?!
Thank you!!!
soon. We are currently planning the wedding. He has a busy schedule so its difficult. ;)
I'm thinking more short-term. Today: until about 6:30. Then until Friday, and my next vacation. World domination will take longer.
these dudes sound jelly
Live Life Till The Fullest, Cause You Never Really Know What You Got, Till It's Gone.
"I ain't the reason that you gave me no reason to return your call".."I'm reactin to you because you left me broken-hearted"-TheWhiteStripes
Happy Thursday! If you live in NYC and know someone who needs a makeover, nominate them today!
sucks for youu!(;
NBA draft night #BrooklynNets new logo will be unveiled… Jay-Z really moved the #Nets to Brooklyn
Yay dan & drew! RT : Our new local on-demand show,Tricks of the Trade is ON! Featuring the work of local company
Dont forget to buy our book only $4.99 @ www.createmoneyweb.com
": If you don't have common sense..you're in trouble with me. #requiredforinteraction" Its was fun while it lasted!
who guesses x in hangman??????
Highest rates of #gonorrhea in the U.S. are among #sex active teens and young adults - protect urself w/ #condoms!
amen and now that my afternoon at pnclarkes has cleared the system I am ready to roll
haha u can do it! I have great faith in u, let me know if u need help tho, i have an inside connection ;)
Ha ha. I bet you still ate the sandwich!
Bleu cheese, really good gin and tonics, and my kitties, Gemme and Ciao, are particular passions of mine
I'm being the good employee that I am, monitoring social media. Isn t that in my job description?
For those who don't know we played a part in breaking "1000 dollar outfit" by The Alumni
#Baylor v #Colorado next round? 5 years ago, this would have been a joke of a game in #Big12 conference play.
Love you like my lover and my bestfriend
Only because it's 25 points added on my test grade.
I did
Why are you in Orlando....?
I think & I will be at your store for a KidLit Authors Club event on October 22. I set it up with Tina.
Team Ryan! who's with me? ;D
I want everyone to understand and live it: I value Customers
U think u could do some of Etta James? I will work with u if u want...Cat!!!
I m clean boy I'm clean
In college it's called a dorm. In Hollywood it's called a hostel.
Any recommendations for a good cloths dryer? gives me prices, but I want to know if I am buying good value
I agree! He is the best!! RT : S/O to ! He's awesome!
I miss Cody..
Girls who wear white shorts>>
TYVM! Enjoyed our chat!
I wish a sound proof bubble would appear over my desk the minute I picked up the phone for a client call.
i am in columbus for work and won't be able to meet up this weekend :) <<< frowny face
This bill will allow for a 270 cooling off period for jurors with regards to monetary compensation
IF YOU RT THIS THEN I KNOW YOUR A BFFL
It will be interesting to see how this forced small ball focused on ball movement woks against the Clippers bigs.
signed up to be a volunteer for the WI dirty girl run, haven't heard anything back...still need volunteers?
i think i have finally found that missing feeling again.. nah better yet i have def found it. Be jelouse.. nut up or shut up!
Week 4 Hotel Foster Residency tomorrow with , & Shane from Call Me Lightning. Let's take it off the charts, yo!
It's only Tuesday and I am exhausted and ready for the weekend!
heading to #Denver tomorrow to hang with my bestie/sistah and DANCE DANCE revolution!
I'm BACK, but I'm not Randy Quaid, and this is not Independence Day, LOL
you too :)
Louis CK. On Daily show now. Brilliant.
Thunderstorms and movies. Today can last forever.
So I'm not sleepy and gotta get up early
“: oh and that's what she said!” lmao that was a good one
Appropriate that my new life path begins today, May The Fourth Be With You!
What the fuck did i just do??????
"By your own efforts waken yourself, watch yourself, and live joyfully."
Wow....we havent come far from caveman days have we men? Whats up with treating women dissrespectfully? It must be an OC thing...
“: oh figured you were with the G posse for mrs edwards” nope Chicago, city of lights!!!
We're hearing that last nights rain is causing some trouble on the roads this morning so make sure you are being extra careful out there.
In this dark world I'm so alone, can someone rescue me from my own?
So - - I'm going to scream like a girl for a little bit and then faint. I just encountered a snake in the back yard.
we like to call it being efficient with your time and getting you faster to beer and to speaking to our solution architects! :)
cant wait to see you in left field for the dbacks! Lets win the West!
3: B/c to a want of correct information in reference to laws of life and health may infantile suffering and early mortality be attributed
Never fucking hated Asians more until right now.
I would like to have an Ipad or Samsung Galaxy tablet and an Iphone..but right now I'm content with what God has given me :)
and then someone wished me a happy mother's day.
when i heard that song i was like woh! its really good..but did u see what rihanna was wearing at the vma's lol different lol
Good girl. Have some bourbon for me!
Stuck in Traffic! Stupid boston traffic!
FDR's C avg enrollee added 20lbs -- we need a New Deal now!
Hope U had one on National Choc Chip Day! RT: i'm officially #addicted to fudgedipped sunbelt granola bars!
should follow u back for that screaming endorsement!! would!!!
They say he will be a lot like Sproles in the NFL and look at what the RBBC in New Orleans did for Sproles.
It's a game I've yet to win but I'm still all in.
I look like a boy on my Twitcon lol. :/
Eating chia seeds (thx ) + more veggies, making lunch, vitamins, exercising, more water, no booze. Let's see how long this will last.
your toe is amazing just the way it is! ♫
Pizza of the Week: Thai Chicken Pizza - Grilled Chicken Breast, Mozzarella Cheese and Peanut Sauce Topped w/ Fresh Vegetables
People stop ignoring me! I'm just letting you know people are talking shit and starting rumors!!
Atleast it's Friday Could not wake up
yeah I know what you mean haha :) that's why I love my car. It's small :)
Gravatar should include a byline / bio feature for authors. Change your bio on multiple site at once. Easier to keep updated.
OMG i know right it looks so good cant wait
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown. ~ Woody Allen
don't use swear words on twitter. Didn't RVB teach you anything!
Dude why won't you ever talk to me anymore I miss are convention): all because you found out that I like you...I hope someday will again):
- Thanks for the #ff. always appreciated
Y A W N. Who scheduled this game so early? #CLIPPERS look asleep, too. WAKE UP and play ball!!
Sadly, LAUSD isn't on that list.
happy thanksgiving!!
Pizza oven is going and my tuna pizza is about ready! hungry yet? :)
Going down to the Rodeo. Wheres at?
Go time.
Sister is sick- initiate washing hands every 10 mins, opening things w/ a hand covered in sleeve, & taking enough vitamin c for a rhino.
do not click the link in the dm. our account was compromised.
everybody is sad when i'm in a good mood ;-;
Send your Worldwide Winthrop Day pics to
LMKasprzak -- CMC (Certified Management Consultant) is MORE than three letters) and will look at diffentriators for you.
I will miss seeing you at SPNHC this year. Now you'll be the only one tweeting.
I love one direction <3 C:
AustinMahone:"Hey girl, what do you say me and you get out of the Friend Zone?(;" A Fan : "Yes ohemgee " Mahomies: "OHMYMAHONE *faints"
A fearless and inspiring Afghan woman against Karzai AND the Taliban. Thanks for sharing.
RT "you have to go zen" - #JRE podcast. Powerful life advice everyone should try.
I really want to see the lucky one!!!
So if u caught the girl you're with sporting the latest trend down there-feathers...would you stick around or scram?
Tough loss. BS penalty. Go B's!
Thanks so much, Joyce, and congrats right back at you, Steve!! :)
THANKS BOO
PubWkly on THE MURDERER'S DAUGHTERS, by "psychologically complex characters make Meyers's debut a satisfying read." Buy it.
RT : In the process of constructing a new beat website. All artists/publishers/A&R's following me, stay tuned!
Dex: 'Manuscript' is probably the classiest place to hide the word 'anus.' Me: Oh Geez Dex......
Really? I didn't know that June Bugs hiss!
Someone wanna clean the drumsticks for me??...I hate this part..lol..
Note to self: hide the drum pad and Spotify HONK! playlist when 'working' from home.
I just found my Pokémon movie from forever ago! OMG! 💜
digging the knee highs Kat wonen
After living in LA for twenty years I should stop being shocked at how bad people are at driving/walking/being a human
so ready for a life where food family and fun is all I know
I hope you have such a great time! Can't wait to see pics and hear all about it! Tell Paws I said hello ;)
I HAVE NO TIME! (except on Monday's)
“: Would love to hear some to end my weekend, or start the week, rocking! :)” Thanks Jen!
Allergy treatments - keep home and work areas clean, daily use of nasal steroid, oral anti-histamine pills, Benadryl at night
omg yes it does I hate having to drink water for USound
The lifeguard asked whether Chita and I were wearing sunscreen, because we were so very pale (& easy prey for the sun's rays). Thank you...?
Michigan vs. Illinois tonight at 6:00 on ESPN...Go Blue!
“: Guuurl, #naughty 😒 RT : Slept thru boxing pretty bummed about it 😞” <
Waking up this early is so not my thing.
hey told me to tell u that she sent me . Idk why but whatever
Go Freddy Couples! -3 under at the turn. Great to see the legend still has it!
Now go check
no Chicago?!?
fuck yea. How much for start up
You're a fast reader!
So glad the #DWTS judges couldn't show their bias yet again with the stupid "dance duel"... Goodbye #roshon :D
Idk if they took video but I think they did not sure
dude, seriously.. you dodged a bullet.
bold statement brah!
just screen shot it niggah haha that's what I did cause it's on my iPod xp
": drunk Halo was a bad choice." False sounds like a throw back night..
Um, who cancelled a markup on this bill last year? MT : That's great! We're sorry you didn't bring it to floor while Speaker
I had a similar problem. Turns out I was dehydrated pretty badly. Have you tried slamming like a gallon of h20?
maybe he can be a guest on the Shalom bayis tour to revamp his career
6 hours in the air and the iPad still has 65% battery remaining. Wow!
" Hood General"s " da Mixtape in the streets if you need a copy get at me !
I shared Bieber's new song with my coworker ... he hates to admit, but he likes it too, ha!
what a waste of time & money.
Kristi Neace a police wife who provides support and encouragement for wives of officers, has written about Police Suicide at KristiNeace.com
I have given some thought to onomatopoeias, but never done much more than that. Thanks for your kind words!
The sun is back and so am I = the very reason I moved to La La Land!
i seriously need new friends, non fake ones preferably . & ones who live in California (: lmfao
trynna hit the gym after school
much appreciated! Happy 2012 to u
i need my car back.
Heavy D another good one gone
Excitement building at #tff screening of doc. Saw some of the kids I covered for
Would totally pick over Mr. Shue!!
Hey Izzo would be perfect coach 4 Team USA. Like MK, universally respected. Great tourney coach, key w/ quick turnarounds.
People need to learn to think for themselves and not follow what's "cool"...
hahaha absolutely love <3 def needed tonight to relieve stress lmao. ONE MORE FINAL! then home!
did you get a chance to vote
You should really patch global warming in mw3 way fuckin overpowered GOD DAMN POLAR BEARS
Ill prob shoot myself b4 tonight is over.. Haha no but rlly lmao
so what did Lisa think about the seance that Kyle had.
Thanks for the RT! Empanadas y sangria sound better than what's actually for dinner tonight. :)
Yeah unless u beat the smart outa him.
ok, now that is on Android, how many more of you can I follow? (I'm lattelove)
When people tweet about you ...
yay! finally registered for improv class at
MA student Ellen Defossez's paper "The evolving media discourse on gender and depression" accepted at ICA 11
For the first time ever i can honestly say that im all alone. i have no family that has my back and it sucks.
Text Columbusdeals to 90210 to receive a text blast of our latest deals and be entered into our prize draw coming up in just 4 days.
hopefully papi , hopefully I'm tryna straighten up my life & make turn arounds you feel me
That [sex] was the most fun I ever had without laughing.
Denver is what the knicks could have been if they didn't trade for melo & let him come to ny in free agency
O.O wow... there are no words
I been neglecting my twitter acct. My bad. I just been grinding.
Explore for July 13, 2009 « My Blog
When all's said and done, all roads lead to the same end. So it's not so much which road you take, as how you take it.
their relationship was strange in the first place. they play bro and sis on the show, so they always have love scenes with other ppl
i support gay marriage. who cares if two men or women want to get married? who are we to dictate how somone feels about another?
RT Had a wonderful lunch at City Tavern. Franklin Chicken = delicious! & Jessica is not only a fine server but a superb historian.
i feel like the borg are trying to assimilate me...
South Beach Tow marathon. This show is a riot..
Alright sounds good!! Is there a website or anything?
Do you golf ever? If so, I can get you a UW connection down in Houston...
Happy Mother's Day!
I will never understand how people can like Eminem and One Direction at the same time....
I think I missed that phase. Now they seem to focus only on dumb cookoffs and on promoting certain chefs
#ExpertVisibilityTip: What are the primary goals of your website's home page? If you can't tell from looking at it, that is a problem.
Tiger isn't missing the cut, he's just darkhorsin' it.
Chris Brown<3
Gonna be signing up for a TurboKick class this quarter with Kristin. So excited!
Another day of school -_- Summer just hurry up already!
Happy mother's day!!!
Your welcome Matt! Have an awesome day!
really? What time is it where you are?
I will never forget saying girls take shots better because they give head 😭😂😂!
you caught me, I gotta start following your blog more closely :)
hope you hit up the urban outlet while you were here! #socheap maybe its good i dont live here...
YES. I also need an errand person to run and get me more ice for my water also to make me some fucking cookies.
#8days until my birthday. :)
I see things differently now, step on me, I'll get back up. Try to talk to me like your smart, I'll sound smarter ;)
Politics & Facebook don't mix well.
No questions are wrong to ask.... It's the tone they are asked that can result in a wrong answer.
follow me maybe?,
hope ya'll can make it to tomorrow! Invite more!
I look WAY too good today to have nothing to do! haha
Is being so embarrassed by the complexity or mass of my food order that I ONLY order online a red flag that I just shouldn't order it?
lol, just 15 months. He liked the ocean in FL a couple weeks back but we are still working on baby swim class :)
Did anyone get anything cool for Christmas?
There are men who think that? Seems a little condescending to me.
On hold with Comcast for 15min for them to spend literally 30sec telling me they'll reload the #OnDemand database in 45min.
where does it say you can't? Have you actually read the document yourself?
I feel as if I keep tweeting but I'm not getting more
it was an accident but he is gonna change it in the morning. But I can still iMessage you
and of course a #FF to the most kick-ass Dude ever,
My nanny is so hyper its so funny
Ask for a dedicated IP... like $5 month
Hey you, yeah YOU. Stop sitting around & saying "I never meet Austin Mahone" because you WILL. you have to believe first. Trust me.
Flight Deals from American
private party tomorrow, maybe as a warm up for show should be a fun weekend
Working on Easter means I have to miss He Is Risen Ham and Resurrection Rice Pilaf.
Global youth service day #
cant find jesshica..well well i don't really want to....
Then I saw a whole lot of dots and stripes painted by Roy Lichtenstein up-close.
Nope, not "The Man". Just don't have the time this season due to travel schedule
still in the studio with going stupid! Lol
yes i want my sister back
Oh gosh. That sounds awful!!!
Haha, now that's quite the combination :) Cheers!
Oh look! #Favre's wife AGAIN!
follow me pls! :)
That time I listened to a cover of The Strokes' "Reptilia" by the Punch Brothers and fucking loved it.
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize One Direction is more than perfect .xx
Always start with coffee.
Facebook ads: fb designs the better performing the ad the lower the cost per click
It's a Classic Rock kind of day.
I want a mini piñata for my cube! People already assume I'm Mexican anyway.
#IfITellYou that you are beautiful would you believe me? <3
Summer coming..I'm not goin nowhere before 8 o clock...
I feel like a sleepy bear.
u is da Man Jay I'm forever
Congrats, Seb! API great choice project-by-project. Yet how to scale to integration of 100s (1000s) of museums?
eating all the candy I can get my hands on before I get my braces Tuesday. yes, it's a great excuse.
Congratulations to ALL the parents out their with children graduating college or high school in the weeks & months to come. Job well done.
#DepressingSitcoms I Loathe Lucy
Thanks Steve! Hype-ie Hump Day! Hope your week is going well.
havent watched freaky friday in forever
Thanks for the RT! I love being able to answer questions for people.
Asking myself what am I waiting on in life?
It doesn't matter how old you are. if a balloon is about to hit the floor you dive for that shit!
Peter Keller, survivalist suspected of killing his wife and kids, dead in suicide Peter Keller spent eight years carving his hole in the
#focus let's find some solid tech talent in Philly
Whoo-Hoo! We can't wait to see all of you! RT : Last half day! Hittin' up #Monicals after school...gonna be goin' to town on the...
Thanks for all the #RTs and #FFs!
And coming from one of the most under-rated DTs in the league, that's saying something.
they make Portland look bad!
Little cousin: " I don't like the moron test, it's boring because I'm smart!"
you guys will be the first people I send tthem to!
look who made it. Heurica! Finally, lets start/continue to virtually talk to ourselves and pretend we have friends!
installing RAM all day long. Need to make your computer faster? Call me to install come RAM!
idk I thought u sold it to Justin?? Lol
i hope zoe & you ok.
He's still working on me...
Turning 21 drinking doesn't even cross my mind. But the Burlesque shows I can finally go to :).
Gonna play gears all weekend anyway getting early access to #ForcesOfNature would only make it better
Divorce yourself from sin .
after yesterdays #epic #fail in #NorthCarolina, we really needed President Obama's declaration today
Off to florida be back on the 24th. Thanks in advanced for the bday wishes yall.
Happy Mother's Day :)
Great Q&A session going on with the students and ! Up next is rehearsal with the
Raining at the office, perfect time for pizza.. (:
Of course when I log off after trying a million times to get Peyton to tweet me, he logs back on and tweets a bunch of other people -__-
nope. Just the product of restless nights and nonsleeping children and only being able to access the world through digital means
please please please 4th night tweeting
And the winner is...Patron Saint in round 2 of #HardRockRising - four more bands next Thursday for final spot in finals on 3/29
Always a silver lining in everything.
Just felt an earthquake
Is it bad that my much-loved Halston bag is so heavy it set off the "fasten seatbelt" notification in my car, which has a weight sensor? ;)
One audition down, lots of copy. Nailed it! Boom!! One more and I'm ready to bring it!
Thanks for follow
Nervous for tomorrow. D: hope it goes well!
I need to gossip with zsazsa 
@ Go and follow she play in JONAS LA!
justin doesnt like girl bashes who bash girls hes aganist that there for he dsnt like you
just shut up
9112001 i was on 5th Ave looking at the unbelievable horror and i saw a big open truck of volunteers racing to help -worry on their faces
I wonder if I'll catch METX 210 while at Roosevelt/Canal Thursday afternoon. I sure do hope that it shows itself.
BIG THANKS for hosting last night event!
Congratulations to for being our 200th follower!
" Ceilings and vents. I live a fast-paced lifestyle." Beautiful craftsmanship is exciting!
Hi Glen!
He believes that “cross-ring-book” can be the key to bringing new understanding to the world we live in.
How About You Stop Being Stuck Up !! So Stfu !
thunder need to hurry up and put this in the bag, i need rest *yawn*
I wish I had a private jet so I could get to places faster!
where do you get your clothes at I love your style RT back plz
well except for Carlos who works there! He's awesome!!!!
Odd fact: 551-day-old is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old #NewYorkTimes Co. is worth $967 million. What's wrong with this pic?
Good night c:
No matter what I do I ALWAYS find my way back to him!!!
Yoplait Yogurt > yummy 😍
no thrones!!
#Romney is for the Wealthy, because he get Campaign $ from them, so he can ruin the Middle Class!
Do what makes you happy!!! Love youu!! ❤😘
Finally got to watch Hugo. You should, too. And do so in 3D, definitely.
Hear they come to snuff the Rooster............. Hey wait!! I'm the ROOSTER!!
I wonder which country I'll move to if Rick Santorum becomes President.
Gosh you're gorgeous, I wish you were all mine..
walked to school like a boss (:
wow so the place from the movie is really true?
I remember it being a Lyons Brothers property (as in lansdowne), but they sold off a lot of their businesses.
"I'm manning up, Imma hold my ground, I've had enough, now I'm so fed up, Time to put my life back together right now"
you want it thinner!? :O I like mine thick :P lmao <3
Where might I find updated information on the X-Lit Initiative?
Not all our artists are playing a joke on the public. Some are genuinely mad...
Is it weird Im contemplating buying something i just found in a bookstore that a twitter friend of mine that I never met IRL would love?
so ready for the weekend
YES!! and we will get together more soon. I am looking at some dates and will send to you guys shortly:)
what the fook? Our phones no bueno taco nacho! I text u and er when am I going to see ya
If I do get Raptured, I want to be able to start humming the Plimsouls' "Million Miles Away" afore I go.
Giants covered!
Oh yeah!
I agree, but as I've used the kindle more and more I realize that the convenience and ease of use mean I'm reading more.
S/O to I'm so proud of you
go to subways lol
make sure you answer the question from my last tweet to enter :-)
"Early bed, early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise." -BenjaminFranklin #CREAM #$$
Hell yea! Lets do this! Lol! :)
Feels good, Guess I'm Lucky...
Beerfest!!!! Let's get this party started!!
I don't care what anyone says about #Foreigner. I loved them then and I love them now.
Hi there! Are you referring to the XChange software and your MacBook Air? Feel free to DM me to discuss further!
Don't rely on someone else for your happiness and self worth. only you can be responsible for that. If you can't love.
Our staff loves your cupcakes! If only we could capture the amazing sweet smell and place it in our office!:)
Women in 250 cities working as leasing agents and all talking at the same time about their tenants on social media and pointing
You can learn more by watching BIG BANG THEORY than from most of whats on HISTORY, PBS, DISCOVERY, A&E combined, sadly.
uhmm do you no my mom lmfaoo
apples, candy and chips. I pretty much like any thing. What about you?
Since when does serving people mean that your name has to be all over everything?!!!!
Heat fuckin round already
'08 Presidential Election,55% of Blacks ages 18-24 voted. Was an 8% increase compared to '04. Blacks had the highest turnout in this group.
Them cool kids
follow my personal
Hehehe, for her sake, let's hope so. ;)
Ok, looks like a have 1k I need to come up with another 1k now
i know i miss you guys too we are good im picking angel up this weekend hopefully i will see you then
If I follow u and u dnt follow back I will unfollow u I dnt give a f@#k if yous a star or not lol
Oh... okay! :) RT : $5 Mondays: Create your Pork sandwich, $5 all day, choose your roll, spread & toppings!
nice work
There is something changeless and timeless about the message of the Lord Jesus Christ.
you should just look in your magazines and whatevers cute cut it out and stick it on your collages
everones beautiful in their own little way
Territorial squabbles between commuters at busy bus stop cracking me up. Chill y'all!
Tunein.com is unbelievable - extensive radio station listing, and very intuitive design. Now, how to get this to work in my car?
What questions do you have about staying on track with self-love? Send them to if you want them answered!
"Most people tip-toe through life, hoping they make it safely to death"
Seeing lots of tweets from local SD eateries that will be closed to celebrate #Thanksgiving. Be sure to call head if you're eating out!
Really psyched for Prometheus. Perhaps a #gwj screening is in order?
Quick Fact: The circumference of a full size Pringles can - you know, the tall one - is approximately the same as its height.
Cute Wit It.
Sometimes, sorry starts to lose its meaning
I will try to tweet some pictures of it; also one group is doing a video that I will post if I get their permission. go #pbl!
I gotta start making some #Yankees videos again
Me too i got 1 new follower lol
studio session success!!!
Sexy shades to match your S E X Y face<33
Even though your 18 month old speaks just a few words, he knows about 50 and is learning more everyday.
you laughing at me bro ?!
hey Mike!
- Ouch! I've fallen down my fair share of stairs. No fun. Not my walkway, not my problem. That's what I say.
This is the true nature of home -- it is the place of Peace; the shelter, not only from injury, but from all terror, doubt and division.
fuck a bitch , im trying to get paid .
#FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON
come on over there's plenty :)
Today was just awful.
What about a hit show about a cult? Big Love comes to mind.
If anyone cares I'm Migrating over to as my New Twitter account. Make Note or you'll miss out on me talking about My Lunch
Miss you
Wanna change my username uh ò_ó
Should rap I bet he would be freakin awesome at it!!! ;)
#monthpasscantbuy quality healthcare, but it is going to buy us a new mayor and health commissioner.
Ranch is my favorite horse dressage. Or olive oil and vinegar.
I hate when I send the text message to the wrong person
Who do I have to 🔫🔫🔫🔫kill for some followers
500th check-in at on I was expecting balloons and confetti to start falling.
Avoid using LOL at all cost - it`s cliche, trendy & doesn`t suit a NFL player.
Some of us aren't made to have mentors. I'm sure not. I doubt you are.
. brings a whole new meaning to the slogan "Virginia Is For Lovers," doesn't it?
tomorrow we will, we can't go out tonight!
walk underneath the Sky the Creator created, breathing in his rich summer air, all while expelling the harsh
...also, we don't make nearly enough songs about wizards featuring the six string bass guitar anymore.
The MacPherson Group is now on TweetMyJobs.com! Check us out and get hired!
C'mon #Barves, let's win this one!
Why don't you get it? I don't know how to explain. Please read my mind.
Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max "The Body"
Hello everyone!
did u pop a fart
Sports live today from Camp Randall. It's Day One of Badger camp. On Wisconsin!
BTW, if you're headed to TN, why haven't you made a trip to N.VA? Your kids haven't been to WashDC
that's not what ya moms said when she was listening to 'em last nite. She said I BEAT pretty good fam ;)
We have new prices, new hash, and new hash pipes.
Having trouble coming back to blogging. I only want to discuss activism. To use my camera as a journalistic rather than artistic tool.
can't tell you how awesome that is to hear. Posters are at the printer! Squeee! >_<
: received a spam PM from you..think you were hacked :(
you're not on facebook at all? I thought you were exaggerating
it's a grand Salome
idk where the fuck he is. Only reason were letting Pesonen come is because he said drinks are on him tonight.
me too
goldfish have reasonable memories. Trout, on the other hand.
what do the voices in the heads of people that were born deaf sound like?
Sometimes I care too much. Need to be on that fbgm status.
Open seating on ??? It's about to get a lil #hungergames on my flight
the fruit?
LSU will roast the hogs but if they lose bama will b out. Voters shouldnt put bama ahead cuz we beat 'em. Rematch!
Lost my voice... Again...
RT : IT'S OFFICIAL .. University of Denver joins the Western Athletic Conference the #WAC) in 2012. Great new challenges ahead!
ill tell you later haha
Hey I'm from San Diego, too!!!
Heck yeah.
buddy u got me in big trouble lol
The past few days have been tough. Not that it's new, but they've been worse!
Because you get to see Jenny and Paige during commercials... :)
Anyone know of some relatively moderate price places to go to please let me know. Thx!
I just want to hold her and let her know that she is loved and that everything will be fine
Try it out sometime. Serious fun. Drag and drop video/pic clips into template. I need to do one for our adoption profile! :-)
Haha I'm really just jealous. Shhh
Had the most amazing cream of crab soup and wonderful service from the owner of #Nacho Mama!
Larry Strickling : Fighting piracy not more important than protecting online privacy. White House not pushing #SOPA II
Oh, you. ;-) My favorite show right now and forever is CBS Sunday Morning because i'm really a 70 year old woman.
how do you get tickets on line?
A5pt2: i also hate when i hear myself saying "um" or "like" - i try to avoid it but i still say it & then also yell at myself
Great study material for the LEED GA exam at www.leedvisual.com
Thanks!!! Have a great day!
#Eagles draft DT Fletcher Cox with the 12th pick in the
Wearing baseball pants to practice<<<<<
I'm sorry! Soon it will be over and we will be dancing. Right?
Step 4: Start with one small thing. Hyper-focus, commit and give it your all.
9PM EST Its going down @ www.umeuscloth.com New Jewelry. New UC Family. FREE SHIPPING this weekend only. // Authentic Streetwear
Despite his appearance, the moil sure could move fast after I tried to play Duran Durans "Union Of The Snake" at the bris
up the punx
Have a nice start of week with
I hear we have a show on Saturday
ROTFLMAO! Nice one. :)
I went to sonic and they were closed so I had to settle for this crap
wow, what a bold/stupid thing to say. I'm impressed.
Who coined the term spurt ability in basketball?
10 away from 100. Anybody want to help me?! :)
Taking a boring class at night is fucking torture. I just wanna go home and masturbate
"You knew who I was when I walked in the door. You thought that I was dead. Well, I am dead...." D.O.A. by Tim Dlugos.
RT : Amazon missed a crowdsourcing goldmine by not doing Mechanical Turk mobile apps. Microwork on the toilet.
Gibraltar is a key ingredient.
I love all our close uppers!!! <-- if that's even a word!!!
Dobson's is the perfect spot to enjoy dinner before a show, or drinks after. Downtown San Diego, next to Horton Plaza.
ill be there at some point. Save me a seat on your face.
microchip wristbands = 2 hour lines?!?! Are you serious?
Bouta have a nice dinner wit the family tonight .
That's where I was for Stewart.
Would love 2 see your talent applied to promoting humanism. Have U considered song lyrics? Interesting 2 see poetic progress.
And it's bonding time at the Stylitics office! Hopefully our style smarts will translate into group trivia... "Group trivia. Smarter."
good luck ! wish u the best
watch pranked, the best pranks are on that show! )
Wow those lines across the bust are really ugly (Girl with a Dragon Tattoo girl). and she can't give an interview.
Shut up, burps!
got to admit annoying mandel segment was funny. Know you're going to miss him
Do an Irish jig! Get a Large 3-Topping pizza, $9.99 all day. Wash it down with some green beer, $2.99 for a 20oz. (#stpatricksday only)
Counting the seconds until the Devils win and Hartnell takes a run at someone/cross-checks someone in frustration.
WE HAVE A CHOICE. IT'S NOT ABOUT BIRTH CONTROL. JOIN PRESIDENT OBAMA IN HIS FIGHT 4 BASIC FAIRNESS 4 ALL AMERICANS!
I'm at Miller park today!!! Hopefully I can run into :)
i'm sick...and badly sick, remember?! lo siento I'll be back tomorrow
Happy Birthday <3
YAYYY!! bro its gonna be so much fun. haha we gonna play just dance three (;
God is so amazing goodnite twitter
thanks. That's what I'm talking about!
good. I need math help. Lolololol
Gov. Scott Walker's campaign says he has raised more than $25 million since January 1, 2011. Wow.
If I don't follow , why the hell is he BLOWING UP MY FEED.
Hubby is coming home with lunch he is making up for this morning for sure!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash WB Beltline between South Towne and John Nolen. Right lane blocked. Use caution.
Nice.....RT : Tim Lincecum and #SFGiants have a verbal agreement on a two-year contract.
GOOD TO HAVE YOU HERE AS WELL..WE'RE ALL WORLD-WIDE NOW PEEPS..F/S..
Wow even though attending #sxswedu was last minute and having to work it around my work prep for #sxswi I am very glad I did!
You have to take risks. We only understand the miracle of life fully when we allow the unexpected to happen. – Paulo Coelho
lmao college to extra time in
Felt like I was cheating a little when I had that donators veggie pizza last night but it really tasty. What a treat!
keep your head up. You're passionate, can't say that about most people.
Thank you We look forward to meeting you! Can't wait for the Grand Opening on the 4th!
I was being sarcastic, I don't think there ever will be a moment of silence for the murdered Israeli athletes
Sick. I think I prefer the stereo edition
Lets do that tomorrow tho
New icon...
Does it really work? I heard some notorious singles saying they'd never do it again.
Good Morning people! Everyone have a blessed day!
CHILD ART CONTEST! We’re looking for original artwork from children enrolled in Project Lifesaver! E-mail !
Misdelivered items account for .006% of delivery. That's amazing!
WHY IS CHRIS BIEBER TRENDING?
one of my guy followers completely slags justin & beliebers off and then expects a follow from him? lolololol no.
So if I text someone I expect an answer back #it'saRespectThing
Currently on the third infusion of some high mountain Taiwanese Oolong.. Hitting the spot today.
Not to jinx myself or anything (seeing as that it's only 6pPT)...but I do believe my quest for a "real weekend" is a success!
#BlackParentsQoutes "I brought you into this world and I WILL take you out!"
Party continues on New Year's Day beginning at 8am - Prosecco or House Bloody Mary toasts & FRESH Dungeness Benedicts -12.99. Cheers to 2012
pretty sure you can't. Doesn't work for those who work 90 hrs Only those who work 2 hrs and are hung over or crying
so u dont like yourself then?
who's your favorite unknown artist?
After more than eight hours of debate, #Vikings stadium bill passes the Minnesota House on a 73-58
RT : I'm at enjoying a beer from their killer selection.
If it's wrong to love you; then my heart just won't let me be right.
what you know about that? T.I voice lol
My penis can be such a dick
you tried to grab 's CD from me on Coldwater last week. PLEASE find her. She's a gift you could give everyone.
So sick...fainting on subway = embarrassing...hate today
Seriously, folks sitting on the floor & hanging from the pipes, which has to be uncomfortable. Suffice to say: good crowd for
aww thanks! Blushing. Wait until the fall you won't believe your ears!
Dietitians Dish: Arthritis, nutrition&#39;s role
Decided to put in an order for the books on Amazon. Thanks!
could use some howls in the DMC on Saturday!
Excellent. Let's plan on connecting. Safe travels.
happy birthday ♥ #HappyBirthdayPrinceRoyce ♥
Make The Right Choice #TeamSU!! & Let's go to War for SU!!!VOTE
For really really real-uhh~~~~
Team Lion: Rrrraaww!
Just visited a farm with a deep connection to place. Inspiring to see a family farm that is honoring its past by building a bright future.
Agreed ;) we posted our menu earlier and I dont think it's G free
aw well yea I'm excited and its on my birthday :D
RT : A4: sit in front of my webcam with lots of lamps light on face... I try to keep vids under 2 minutes
Adventure film for grad students: "Theory Paper: Endgame." Starring Christopher Lambert and Krusty Krab. Think about it.
did not get into Fringe this year... but never fear! We've got lots in store for 2010! Stay tuned!
I just wish I got more calls from recorded messages of people running for office...
Love it! could be best Kentucky team ever if we can pull it all off. Nothing better than repping that blue "Kentucky" across the chest!
Two words: Animal Fries
And they've invaded the pitch in Manchester! That was the most remarkable morning of soccer EVER!
Are you ready to boldly go where no man (or woman) has gone before at the Final Perk Wednesday night?
#20ThingsAboutMe 5.) I'm a lefty.
What did people do before we had soap?... I bet they used a lot more disposable dinnerware back then.
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change. ~ James Levine
“Four things a woman should know: How to look like a girl, How to act like a lady, How to think like a man, And how to work like a dog.”
Just saw at Citizens Bank Park.
Thanks for the RT :)
We're doing another March Madness contest this year. More details later today.
“: Legally drink away the pain.” oh believe me I've had a good couple of drinks while baby sitting
You said someone threw her in the trash can?
I want some more hot cheetos :(
I meant bedtime. No bedtime.
“: “: I'm not drivin u gotta bring it” ok sis I'm fina hit ya...”/😘cool thanks bring ASAP
haha, i like to pretend i am
It would be selling in your area to collectives, head shops, boutiques, nutritional shops, at farmers mkts, concerts, etc.
actually catching the replay now. Love the "I'm gonna call him what his momma call him" line
Oh for sure! #ThinkLikeAMan was a pleasant surprise-4real. Soon i may be asking u to support my movies :-)
Gucci bicycle kim riding on Nicki... Prada bag pack lil kim mountain climbing on nicks garbage... Queen bee 101 kim teach nicki how floss !!
A big HOLLAR going out to my gal pals at Blue Cross in Montana! Miss you all and think of ya often. Have a great day!
I wouldn't wish poison ivy on my worst enemy. Unless we're talking about Hitler or Cobra Commander. In that case, I hope they wipe with it.
I miss u. And I dnt care who know cause its true and I wish I could have 1 more and I promise I'll get it right :D
What holiday movies do you make sure you watch every year?
Back from vacation in St. Thomas and can I just say I am
everyday is back up your data day to us in the wonderful world of IT :)
"Success is a mindset"
u know jus how to brighten my day!
Friends liked my red hair... #success!
Eco-visualization should be applied to electric bills; a connection to the energy we consume needs to be established #whatsakW?
At Photo Center NW: "Proof of Homosexuality in Nature" is a must-see!
big mac. Big Mac. BIG MAC! Now @ McD's, Big Mac Sandwiches are Buy 1 Get 1 Free. This is worth raising your voice about.
skip my tweet :(
is getting ready to rake some leaves, then run kids around to football and soccer practices while I try to get in some exercise(Déjà vu)^SB
always be measuring.
On the phone ;))
David T. Wolf~ Idealism is what precedes experience cynicism is what follows.
Come warm up with our soup of the day hearty cream of chicken with rice. Or maybe our homemade tomato bisque.
hes cool no charges
Create Something Today!
Hugs if you can handle them, an offer to acquire advil if you can't. Feel better?
It feels good 2 hear some1 say "Take care". But it feels so much better 2 hear some1 say "I will take care of u."
I am now: re
automated message about Steelers books can suck a fat one. Being a Steelers fan is about as impressive as learning how to hear.
We lose more of our troops to suicide, than we do in battle. Please send your stories to Laura at
This Friday 12/16, drop by Someday Lounge for the Epic WINter Formal, brought to you by ! We're bringing games!...
the idea for this show has gone too far. even guys who have nothing draw the line somewhere.
. Oh, I know not all is free. But seems like slow uphill battle to convince consumer that GOOD content is worth paying for online.
I fear there is nothing but the special protection of Heaven which can save Arlington from ruin.
I just mentioned Underoath in my paper. I should probably go to bed now seeing as this is probably going in the wrong direction now
Hello David, Describe what it's like Co-Anchoring the 9 & 10 PM TV Newscasts for Q13 Fox in Seattle?
I think my grandfather () just set up a twitter account. Interesting.
At least my Lutherans got it right.
Things have gone from bad to worse: the Caribbean cover band outside work is playing Fur Elise.
I think you're up past your bedtime
