is a little piglet!
tweet dude! :D
little Rihanna pandora to start the day
Movie. Might as well
yeah. but seems like long time since he seriously pursued. & now probably Seattle's jumped Houston, if Quebec hasn't already
Fingers crossed!
Man complaining on the 66 from Harvard Sq re: "socialist crazies." Not too much sympathy on
Where do I find the article about "Madonna generates buzz for slacklines"??
never mind in my "down syndrome voice"
Haven't seen a game turn this quick in some time. Neither team led by more than 6 in the back and forth first half.
#youknowyoughetto when you have a president who fist pumps
We'll lure them to a dark alley with promises of DOING NOTHING AT ALL.
I just elbowed a rather large black man in the face...
no read the comments. I promise you.. you have no proof when we clearly do...
Sure! Be comfortable :) RT ": should I wear my yoga pants to the game?"
Sometimes life leads you down a different road... when you’re holding on to someone that you gotta let go.
My new favorite thing: garfieldminusgarfield.net
tell them Bitches wudup!
massage starts next week! I should be done in a month- crossing fingers!
Hanging out @ Phat Phashuns in SWATS for the Grand Opening, a lot of hott women in the house and waiting for the strippers. 3050 MlK Jr. ...
that's awkward bro! Haha but pretty funny too!!
Does The Book of Eli have another chapter in it?
Heading out for the night. Have a fabulous weekend!
Ohh, thats right! Well, I'm looking as possibly heading back out of town that weekend but morn or afternoon would be dandy!
at least she worked from the bottom up to make it in life TRUMP. She made it with talent..u...dads swimmers!
Excited about the new thing God is going to do in RYM this summer. Get ready to dig and connect deeper!
Invisible touch by Genesis is why I wear headphones at the grocery store.
hehe.. inform about it. they might convey it to Karthik
is playing tomorrow! Come sing along! I wanna hear just how loud you can get Nashville!!
PARTY TIP: Come play a show in Milwaukee!
Ohh my gawd, for real for real I have never been more upset at Ru in my whole life. I am dying to see who won!!
should be following you man, the app I got finally started working
Quit being immature
After yesterday's exquisitely mild day, we can't get the impending spring off our minds! Who played hooky and did something fun?
Oh thank you! Its nice to be home...for now haha ": Welcome to the 321"
I'm not going to get on your case about not texting back or quick enough , I'm just simply going to tell you to stop fucking with me.
still early :(
: Wow - talk about windy! The good news is, the wind will be gone tomorrow, just in time for Holiday Stroll. And maybe snow
I needed someone to go with me :/ lol my mom got like 30 tickets! Wish I would've know! Lol
where to find an #old #house in #north #portland for sale that has lots of original character?
very cool! we will definitely be tuning in
will be in the building at Privae nightclub...RSVP with Mesha_08 @ I wanna see #TeamDiamonds there!
"Are you okay? You're really blinking..."
the marketplace should handle the balance of licenses/royalties - compulsory licenses to cumbersome
Thanks ma I need your info again
Shut up, which one?
Come on Fish!!! Battle for a JJ W!!!!
Why am I even at Fenway Park right now. There is NOBODY here.
now it's "I'm faded...faded...faded...faded" haha
I love #Google #calendar, cut and paste! Twallah! Finished! I think I might need a hobby? I'm getting excited about my calender? *concerned*
Gettin things together sis, I'm planning to be there though.
Definitely should've went to bed at a decent time last night
Happy Birthday Scott.
in bottles again?! There goes my tax refund.
Happy to see more yoga quotes. Thanks for the follow!
Come to tonight to watch & perform live!
got 2nd copy of book.BFF Need to read it. He told me I am beautiful & need me but the ex kept hanging around. New guy &outlook
hop the fuck off my dick, dude.
So sad. RT : Legendary CBS newsman Mike Wallace has died. He was 93 -
Spring time in Arizona, anything better than that man? Spring break on the horizon and spring training! How bout Big D?
Aaron Rodgers, male athelete of the year. Go Bears
he's strong for his size & creates passes or turnovers at will. Getting Mosquera or Futty back will only help him
I want something to do.
RT : ➼ ➼ To touch the earth is to have harmony with nature. ~ Oglala Sioux Indians // what we can learn, embrace and teach
Lazy Friday, literally been reading all day. I could get used to this
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when the most ugliest girl at school is apparently the hottest chick out there. -_-
Looking forward to join #occupychi this afternoon at 3.30. If you are tired of living in fear, join us!
sorry. We were hacked.
I need a bedtime story
President of Wyndham Vacation Rentals North America to Speak at Mountain Travel Symposium 2012
Unexpectedly seeing a coworker's ass crack is never a pleasant experience.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, concerned citizens can change world
Sublime Text Editor has a vi ("vintage") mode, if you want a shallower learning curve, but still want copy/paste, etc.
Programmers, Artist, Designers, Animators - wanted for a number of projects contact .uk
I totally agree, now I know why g-mothers are great, they learned from their mistakes
So y'all just be drinking these green smoothies every day and not spitting them back out? I guess I'm doing it wrong.
Anyways, today, 4/19, is #BicycleDay, the day that marks the first ever LSD trip by Swiss chemist Albert Hoffman. He also created the drug.
ats up baby girl
lol u had it coming
Yesterday was long. Today is relaxing and tommorow should be fun :)
Right now on the TJMS: Jacque Reid is going Inside Her Story!
“ IF U THICK STAND UP”
TRAFFIC ALERT: Head on crash w/injuries at Hwy. 51 and Gray/Town of Windsor. Hwy. 51 now TOTALLY CLOSED in the area. Use alternate route.
"Merrily We Roll Along"
Don't take northen state pkwy east. Horrible traffic. Two accidents. Great!, now I'm late.
Go to the lady in Salem!! It's only $40 for 15 mins and she was legit
Thanks to all of our loyal customers who voted us "Favorite Restaurant- East" in San Diego Reader's Restaurant Poll!
we like to max it at 8 ppl per team.
Trick-ass marks, punk bitches, and skip scap skanks, and scallywags
just a small mention of flame retardants, but i was pretty shocked when i heard it.
that was also a major reason why I left MySpace too!
Speaking of, I've always wanted to have a THATCamp with an evening THATCampfire. That would be pure awesome.
Good morning to you We plan on rocking today even if we're not playing music....BRING THE ROCK!
I effin hate u
Mimi... I enjoy watching you on the show, but sweetie, I just don't think u can rock the title of BAD GIRL.
thx for tweeting this simone link, just got a copy of emily's great paper. good seeing you at the conf, catch you soon!
is it just me or does Oscar the grouch look like a big pile of weed?
#GreatnessIs caring for children in need.
Go and check out The Greatfull!!! Freakin tight!!!!!
Doesn't make it hurt less.
I need to get unlazy and go get me a drink.
I LOVE the feeling of a clear inbox (you know, without the scroll) and a clean desk. #success I can sleep well tonight. :)
RT - NFL Jacksonville Jaguars RT Eben Britton (back surgery) is still targeting Week 1 for his return
need some advice, ran across your profile and thought you might be able to help. Follow me and get back to me when you can.
closing out sxsw w/Alejandro & friends @ Continental. Peter Buck waiting to go on.
this dude mad at me cuz i never replied to his message lol he can staay mad idgaf.
Ann Romney is Jiminy Cricket. Guess who is Pinocchio?
oh! just realized i missed tweets :(
TGIF, gettin ready for work then gettin my shape-up after.
Enjoy a warm up with Prime Rib Chili or some tasty Tomato Bisque Soup today for lunch!
how pumped are u about attending the most kickass wedding of your lifetime next month
There are SO many people in this world... I'm 100% sure that I will be fine without you.
u ok?
Holy crap. This is my favorite moment since promo. OMG.
just moved to mesa, so I will find you at the park and get that autograph. I get the ball you get
The Warriors will lose wither they like it or not! LOL
This kitten is amazing. I know all kittens are awesome, but this one is 100% pure distilled joy.
Okay -Loving it - buying Vanessa Williams [ ] #YouHaveNoIdea book! At 48 years old - I grew up with Vanessa. BRAVO hun!
Michael Buble's Christmas album is heaven on Earth <3
My wife is off teaching someone how to do #genealogy. So I am home working and watching the #WDYTYA twitter-stream.
Round the Rock is this Sunday. Forecast - 80's and sunny. Sweet!
ok just tell me who is it about? so i can get excited lmao!!!xDD
go private*
Great profile pic. So cute!
I'm ready !! RT : Today is the day - 9 hours until the release of the
had supper with Cliff Carlson, KON, Mark Piekarcz. Mark refered to me as, "Crazy Brian." Hmm. Hi, Karen Cook and Patrick Canady.
Those pictures are not on FB, just so you know ;'pp & where were you today!?
send me the info! Do u have my email?
Follow us please :)
Call me maybe. or just follow me.. that would be cool too.
Why are you blocked, dude?
Good morning! Who's coming out to Action Item on the 28th?!
I wish I had Molly :(
talking about the worst library losses, EVER. obviously includes Library of Alexandria *tear*
Just got off the course and am enjoying dinner with Marci and Hayden.
Damn i hate Court
NYC is packed rite now....stuck in traffic
wow that brings back some serious memories lol yes THE Kokomo :)
that is actually pretty interesting the next type of sms
It's May Day. Shouldn't it be a beautiful day filled with frolicking and ribbons?
hi gabby
Great to see on Twitter. THE Authoritative source for info about political collectibles.
s/o to everyone who filed they
Last night playing with Placebo's Rob Schulzberg was amazing. Hard hitting, In the pocket and a taste for IPA. A grade A jam buddy!
Really?? You're not gonna play it?!?! Dumb!!!
Turn around bright eyes.
Saving calories for taco night with and the girls.
Follow back please ? :)
With a sore throat :(
I know it's tough. I don't watch movies often any more. I watched an hour each in 2 nights.
That's a wrap! Miss us live? Check out #SonoranLivings website later today to learn about Pinterest for business.
shouldn't you be fishing??
i dont want to go to school tmmrw ; i'm litt. about to have an anxiety attack.
hey steveO where can i get the audio of the thanks for the sex cards haha cant find it anywhere!?!?
What said - it's 120 in the shade, at 5am. Not sure that's better than cold, overcast skies, and actual seasons :)
If you suspect someone is an HCP, just respond more carefully ... this person may have less self-control than you do.
don't stop retweeting and tweeting to her she will follow back.
quit tweeting at eork
shawna that big pillow what was he's name lol
What? You can't hear me? Oh, that's because there's insane construction noise from below our office! #annoyed!
Yes Lawd!!! But that's better the TX heat. I'm originally from Philly. However, I've been in Dallas for 20 yrs! Hot as Hell
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: DC Adapter Change on motherboard for Asus UX50v (Best Buy Edition)
God dammit pizza sounds good
how can anyone read that in public! Ha
It's never to late to start over.
Rise and shine beautiful!
so true, but it in the air blessings
then you better hope nothing happens,.
alright bae , I'm about t take a shower , so you can take it at 11 or 1115 or sol meeting any is going to watch kobe for me
Obama signing STOCK Act at 11:50 am Wednesday. Will be interesting to see which lawmakers are there for it
Don't worry guys I got this #lostusthegame #teamonmyback good work out there
HANK IS A 1ST ROUND PICK AND TODAY IS HIS COMING OUT PARTY
Un un un girl xD
"Why fit in when you were born to stand out?"
Peter Drucker Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
It seems like everytime I'm really bored, nobody texts me, and whenever I'm busy, like 8 people text me.
I miss you too..
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of comp
Morning tweethearts! Up early and bout to go workout. Had a wonderful time last nite and ready again for tonite. Keeping a smile on my face.
ugh. Cannot wait.
Non-Union by choice in a Union State(MN).Refuse to have my $ support the lefts agenda (dues=campagn$).Please support independant biz owners.
What,s a good website To DownLoad Music for Free?
I decided on the "Matty Ice= Mr.Softee" sign.
Been keepin myself busy. Only way to do it. Orderin me a tablet from HSN tomorrow
Waiting Heathcliff this morning. I forgot all about this show and how great it was. Next will be Voltron! Haha, i know im a dork!
Lotta trees in Dixmont, ME. Not much more. Maybe moose...
At University of California Riverside Alumni reception. Nice to connect with fellow Highlanders.
My mom just witnessed a princeton nerf wars attack
Wednesday nights this Fall on CW will have new drama #Arrow and #Supernatural! Thursday has #TVD and new show #BeautyandTheBeast!
Just sampled a beer-battered banana from Puulleeeze tell me they're doing this again this week. Amazing eats.
I'm lovin' all your tweets. We're down here driving from leg to leg of the relay.
By the way, how are you doing?
Music is revolutionizing!
Time for a second caffeine fix of the day. I ask you fellow tweeters...What do you order at #Starbucks ?
I agree w u 100%. Maybe not my fave art, but I respect her intent & integrity. Most crit 2day is dull descrip - this caught my eye.
my 5 month old loves his sleep sheep (rain setting of course)! One problem: it shuts off, he wakes up. Unhappy baby. Unhappy mom
8 year olds today have Facebook, Twitter, iPhones, & iPods. When I was 8, I had a coloring book, crayons and an imagaination.
does a cult without a gift shop just show lack of foresight?
What would be your victory story? Focus on this- nothing else. Write it out.
Thanks boo..HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO U TOO!!
fuck getting tired o twitter already
My 5th great-granddad was a Hessian soldier, too! Became George Washington's personal bodyguard after the Hessians switched. :)
gotta be able to hold me down when im gone
Without the love of God, there really is no love.
Were they sheriff deputies making arrests or were they SD Police? Don't spark mob anger vs the wrong ppl.
Halloween all weekend at Amber, we can't wait to see costumes!!
What is America's common purpose? I thought it was to realize the dream of the individual. Now I thinks it is to be entertained.
is hosting poi class tonight at C-HAG, 6-7:30pm, drop-ins welcome, $15! Object manipulation practice follows at 8-10pm. 1208 W Marshall St.
Dr. Funke's 100 Percent Natural Good Time Family Band Solution
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Go Kentucky!
not lately.
Just got in a cab that has water bottles & candy in his back seat pocket for his customers.
Invisible Children because they came to our school 2 yrs ago & I'm in the African service project this yr & we help them a lot
TheatreSports Practice tonight at 7pm! Last chance to bulk up those improv muscles before the big show on Friday.
Minimum: if DD doesn't know about DR tweets and GSU story get some1to do that. I'll Volunteer.
Whenever people are rolling dice in D&D, it always looks like they're jerkin' it.
#Badgers are 6-for-6 in the NFL Draft, as former UW punter Brad Nortman gets drafted by Carolina with the last pick of the sixth round
text me doll?
I dear you O_o
I’ve never been to New York. Whenever I see a movie set in New York, the streets look like a river of Yellow Cabs.
Closing at 4 but we'll be open with the full menu from 11pm-3am. Awww yeah it's Friday
Sounds like you need to tweak your photos using some sort of photo editing software. But I agree with you!
Plenty of adults I know do, though the latter usually involves some kind of imbibed substance.
I thin I will start my run w some old-school Bon Jovi today. I'm feeling very "arena rock"y this morning....
I miss the old you. But the old you died away.
I will
Great to spend time in NYC last weekend. Amazing city with such deep influence. Pray for revival through the church in New York.
U Smile I Smile .
Want to follow someone new? Try !
RT - What went wrong with the titans offense against the jacksonville jaguars?
would like to wish every one a safe and happy St. Patty's Day!! We can't wait for the parade tomorrow!
thanks, guys! :)
When the music shuts off , I turn it back on...
Working on all these new jams. Anyone coming out to a show ? We are soon announcing some of our FL dates.
You shouldn’t take life to seriously. You’ll never get out alive.
S.W.A.G = Something.Wonderful.Alli.Got
I know! She so would have done that!
No way! The guy from the Kingsford bag COULDNT be wrong!!!
I Be 2 FADED Call It A Taper !
Downtown shooting!
I'm MATURE enough to forgive you, but i'm not DUMB enough to trust you again.
peyton manning in denver
"I got a body like a cyclone!" .... Charlotte, it's she moves her body like a cyclone.
Thanks 4 the RT : “: True friendship consists not in the multitude of friends, but in their worth and value.
Packers are still beast no matter the loss GO Pack Go!!
RT What will Earth Day 2012 look like? Take a photo on April 22nd where you are and help us capture the moment....
Oh Menagerie how I`ve missed you. Thanks Ricky for such a fun night full of shopping, drinks, & good convo. Te amo.
seeing the avengers !
so are we drinking once i get out of my test at 8 or what you swarthy scalabrine?
Ampersand issues
Go #Follow ! She Supports #MNMusic !
let us know what you need, if you're still looking for catering!
Picking 60-mph bugs out of my whiskers. M tasty noms.
I want to watch the fight not play cards. WTF
Aa bonus only one on the jogging track!
So you invite someone to perform at a show case, and the entertainment are the first people here #huh!!!!!!
Had to write an essay for a job application. That's a new one. :-)
I wouldn't bother reading the comments either. Your new comment system is a clusterfuck.
thank you!
text app
any chance you'd want to talk to KARE 11 about your upcoming weekend with the Vikes? :-)
Happy Easter everyone!! "He has risen!" I hope everyone enjoys spending time with your family and friends on this special day! God is great!
You are my idol! I will always be a Mahomie, I give you my Love & Support. #YEE,,, Follow Me^-^
Hi there, send some cookies my way please!!
Waiting in line at the post office <<<<
It's too good to be true but someday it will come true. We'll see.
every day is a new day to work on something else... :)
Getting head on a porch. A mid-west thing.
My mama singing Cash Out.... she said "right on With that needle" instead of riding round with that nina #DEAD rofl
Only 3 days until my birthday. Trying to decide how to celebrate. I need something new and exciting in Atlanta. Any ideas? Tweet me!
Hilarious! RT : Sending out my first twit on tweeter
link to co video online today will show you all, please give comments
Good game!
OK badger hoops. Are we for real? 15. Buckeyes will be the first test
- Music Row near the roundabout. Come check it out sometime!
- a dropbox folder is now available for the twitter assignment. Thanks for asking!
Followup to last tweet.."i ain't sayin dat yu owe a n***a but act like yu kno a n***a" - Trick Daddy
Baby it's not just you. You know it hurts me too... ): When you're sad we are too, so smile! (: You know you wanna!(;
The Playbook is awesome
fur sure!!!! Ready for SUMMER!
Mann I wish Steven Tyler would serve and greet me at Burger King
OMG! If these bird's dnt stfu Imma them oil muthafukas out tha damn tree! # were my pistol at
You don't look a day over fabulous, I like that
Plyometrics. That workout wears me out. Shhhwooo
Sounds good. Keep up informed when you want to come!
back on track! Went to 48th/49th and forest home last night. Looking to pick up the pace! Any followers want to go sometime?
love you G!
u better b careful
I can't take much more of this hold music.
AOWP - Angry old white people. RT Every time a Carl DeMaio supporter tweets a photo, all you see are old white people.
I'm layibg on the couch with sun glasses on, you know the usual.
Nobody knows that #SaySomethin is trending for Austin -____-
thanks for the reminder of this classic
currently last Christmas Taylor swift (:
when I think about you, I think about 17
Falling asleep in the sun >>
Contraceptives are available to all in every state. No one "denies" contraception to anyone in any state.
nice meeting you yesterday pretty girl!
Loved your music video. Will be sharing it on my blog Sunday. Bless you.
I JUST WANNA SEE U STRIP! !!!! (GODD DAMN YOU SEXY)
Oh my lord, this day needs to be over with!
oh shit this will be the lead story on espn.
I'd honestly be better off dead.
Revere will officially launch in #Boston on Wednesday, April 18th! The same day that Paul Revere embarked on his infamous ride
RT : Don't let a hater affect your career,goals,dreams,determination,hope,faith,and/or well-being."
Thank you very much. Is there a way you can support better repayment plans for those of us who are sick/disabled?
#operationrepo this show is crazy
Cafe milano - possibly the shittiest service in recent memory
I keeps hearing a loud SQUEAK lol
awkward moment when u see the video from CALL ME MAYBE and u decide to do even more than giving ur phone number #gayguyprobs lol
I think i missed the bus!! :-O
#KeyMarkX4 twitter cert class this morning. Participate by following hashtag above. 1st round of questions @ break in about an hour.
Working on my roar
Awww shit.. Can't nobody tell me nothing! My Parents told me I was a "Planned Baby".. That makes me better than most of yall!
What's the weather out your way Tweeters? Got some extra rain to spare?
Yep, did you see the email track notes!?
Opening Day is Jim Keckley donut day in memory of the markets 1st president. 12 new vendors, 64 total. All food, no crafts Saturday 8-12:30
I'm pretty sure he started...
Mount Athos, widely chronicled yet inaccessible. Veronica della Dora () maps Mount Athos in the popular imagination.
Agreed. To this very day, old Gn'R remains one of my favorite bands.
Need to get on this new mixtape but need some beats smh I'm Gnna start buyin beats
He had heard people speak contemptuously of money he wondered if they had ever tried to do without it.
Politely listening to someone tell me I drink too much coffee while she crams her daily half pound of bacon down her gullet.
Woe to those now scrambling for Valentine's Day ideas. There's always frozen yogurt, you guys. Nothing says "I LOVE YOU" like yogurt.
thanks-appreciate the comment!
Rocking out to the Pokemon song here at registration.
YOU GUYS ROCK! keep well & keep up all the GOOD! pls email me & let's collaborate to help more peeps!!
About to watch dominate the mile run though!
Attach your social media policy to revenue per
yeah man!
That was the first thing I tried too 8-). Worked fine for me. Copied the RWTS into HGR ram (C600-FA) & changed JMP->BRK.
Great line from Ed Sanders's _Shards of God_: "Anyone who doesn't love and respect Allen Ginsberg is a dipshit." #totalassaultontheculture!
So freaking lame (scary).
Trip in the box!
break a leg! & whatchya workin on?
Sometimes my teeth hurt when I play guitar.
is doing it with honor and harmony.
Extra BIG Happy 1st Bday wishes to our Dub Selekta fam over in Canada! <3
Sometimes I just wanna say "Hey you get outta my life!" and then #poof!
BLT Baguette, Roast Beef Havarti & Onion, Chicken Caesar Salad, & Cheeseburger Mac & Cheese -- All delicious options this week!
Hungry for steak
Ok my boyfriend is the cutest thing ever!!..."I saved you part of my pb&j sandwich" just adorable
On air, "Today" seems perfectly fine: I will see if we can add the date to the podcasts -Thanks!
Sitting at Tonkin Acura. Waiting. Patiently.
thank you for the great dinner tonight!
New merch idea- Elli Perry coozies. I'm pretty sure that's what we call a gamechanger.
Ferrets ftw ;)
lol, yea what u cookin??? :) o Damn in cali... What part???
Totally yesterdays best! Thats why cologne, sunglasses, & hats were invented
Start flipping tables.
I love listening to mrs.kostals narritives .shes too funny
...As make the angels weep; who, with our spleens, Would all themselves laugh mortal. -Measure for Measure
it def wasn't... We bust y'all private school ass in high school in every sport if we played y'all...
Yeah luv no problem, I'm a singer too, I got music on my youtube, But I'm actually gonna start making videos of me singing<3
dis gust ing disgusting and then I will throw in an ill gross!
Going to Orlando, Florida tomorrow! See you at Citrus Bowl! 6:40pm-9:40pm with Justin Bieber
...and the countdown until #Hawaii continues... T-minus 6 days y'all!!
No, but I would love to :)
Bored out of my mind right now
": #SometimesAllAGirlsWants is shoes & food."
I knew that. RT : You know more than you think you do. ~Dr. Benjamin Spock
I'm a stop smokin until I get my shit together
A child's greatest period of growth is the month after you've purchased new school clothes.
ok gonna go do homework. gotta get them two f's up. not that anyone cares. whatever
It's a fact, #Creed is the greatest band in the world
I know...happens quite frequently. Sad how people get out of college without learning how to right! ;-)
im 16. & pretty sure I could if i wanted.
So pumped for this pacers game tonight!
uh cause we're badass bro!;D
We need to talk .. now please .. ):
With & Byanka. (: Gonna be a fun night.
so i go on you-tube to learn my chherleading rouitine and i end up spending an hour just watch videos, ....
President Obama: "the time will come when few people remember drinking from a colored water fountain"
"Mr. Know It All" is #7 tonight? Awesome! I love on
RT : I understand Twitter needs to make money with these promoted tweets, but are we sure it won't turn into more spam posts?
What a day! Played a sweet show, spontaneously decided to buy some new live sound stuff and play a house concert, AND...got called a cougar
Rocking the bright orange today
thumbs up. Now how bout some ice cream?
Thieves steal Derby's Christmas lights - BBC News Thieves steal Derby 's Christmas lights BBC News The switch-on of Derby 's festive illu
Dustin might be
...and I'm eating a HoHo
It's Nat'l buffet day!
Went from celebrating a big win by the #Bears last night to wakin up with the news that we possibly lost #JayCutler for the season
Chipper Jones.
What show are you at Timmy ?
Offering Holiday Moonwalk Specials to Houston through December.Christmas Day Special includes drop off day before & pickup day after -Free!
Fuck My Life , its Careers Day -_-
Thanks for following! I hope the #BizExpo planning is coming together!
This whole Miky thing is going to kill me..
MT : Publisher Bob Hall tells Inquirer staffers co. 'doesn't have a digital strategy,' confirming what most of us already know.
Photos of "girls night out" are also acceptable, especially if you get WASTED.
text me when you're at DMB!
Pick up this weeks LA Business Journal at your favorite newsstand. Special section on winners/nominees at Corporate Counsel Awards.
Q5. PowerPoint smart art is great for combining words with graphical elements and effective diagrams.
New business model for an emergent market of cultural conscience and social perspectives
Stay tuned we will be giving away a Family 4 Pack this Friday: Diamond club tickets and Balloon Memorabilia! Who wants to win?
Those are the type of people that seek boasting rights for beating it before everyone else. In the end, no one really cares...
Really want to make you mine, I would never mislead you, look how I treat you but girl, you got to give me some time.
It's hard to not dwell when so much is happening, but we must remain strong and forget most of the bullshit that's happening.
random dog out near the fire pit haha. Go steal it
That's amazing!
I hate how people r sayin tht 1D is gay. ITS PISSIN ME OFF. Stop. Louis is gonna be a dad. So Shut the fuck up and have a nice day!
On list of banned words from DoE tests: "In-depth discussions of sports that require prior knowledge" - that's one ban I can agree with
Starving. Must get to Pita Pit with great rapidity.
hopefully the Clippers win on Sunday.
I just saw your tweet about chi comic con...I don't think it'll work since we prob won't be done moving by then.
I was wanting to hear the Guttentaghopclop
That's what she said!
OEP board members and staff will be attending the SCO () Jillian's Story skype event tonight! See you there!
WCT hands down!!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. - Dale Carnegie
REGGIE REGGIE GEGGIE!!!
Morning! Suns out today, we are thankful because the bad weather comes back again tomorrow.
Damn the Spurs looking hella mad at the Lakers for kicking their ass last week.
Don't they have staff to do that for them?
Because we're the life of the party bby RT : when me and break out in song at a party
#10ThingsThatILike Harry Potter, Glee, , Softball, UK, Lunchables, Kitties, Puppies, Sleep, and old music =]
'It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.' - Aristotle
Time to delete some music
Yea! Pella #Albuquerque is listed once again in #Angieslist Honor Roll 4 Oct. Call / email me to C why (505)225-5538 or
RT : Just met with MINT Community Partner to discuss a possible Wine Tasting event this spring! Get excited...
Congrats to New Member Raffle winners: Tracy, photo session from Houndstooth Photography; and Pat, grooming session with King's Pet Grooming
I got an A+ on my quiz the one day that I didn't go to the review session.. I love life, appreciate the small things!
ReTweet #ChillOrlando to FREE win tickets to this Saturday at Lake Eola Park!
that's a good thing!
#jokes we never expected a black president. How about a mexican president? You'll have all of méxico in da white house.
Someone one Time told me I look like Angelina Jolie. I tried my best not to laugh but I just couldn't help myself.
Shampoo+Conditioner+Bodywash+Toothpaste
I LOVE getting up at four to study
sorry to hear that.. i've been on twitter more than fb lately. i never see u :(
Great bro! How r u and the little one doing?.. RT : how goes it sir?
Lets go !
HAH! Nevermind. I'm all caught up. You go take care of Kathy, Caleb haha
win again, 11 straight!
How am I supposed to move on when every time I see you, I fall that much harder..
I'll have you living life like you should. You've never had it so good
Sounds good, let me know if you need connects with Semi Pro. I know a few owners.
Loved watching the guys in studio B record to tape with the computer off today.
If you'll be at the Int'l Home+Housewares Show, Anupy Singla's demo-ing at the Cooking Theater Monday @ 11am. She'll also be in booth
Teen eating pizza for breakfast on the bus. I want it.
We make it easy for you to contact us,mention for a music-promo.
You've been spot on so far, ppl should pay attention RT : Conf. finals. Spurs > Lakers. Bulls > Heat. Finals: Spurs > Bulls.
Er... “: Ft. Lauderdale had 9.21 inches of rain in April. See ya snow birds, hello skeeters!”
think he knows every fuckin thing .....ummmphhh dnt tell him the sky blue cuz he will research nd tell u wat typa blue ..
m.o.m.: crew defender w/owngoal, yes we can win the east, biggest concern: vermetian substitutions and shaky defense.
If the US is the greatest country, then why do so many people take #drugs? Or are we a great country BECAUSE so many people take drugs??
#Gemini's purpose? To encourage others & teach us how to communicate.
Nothing like a clip of Jessica Chastain shaking a bag of chicken and giggling to make us think she's going to win the Oscar.
I need a new cycle-cross; mine was stolen last year
good lord that's a drive
And a bright red dress!
ah thats kew. Woulda been nice to get a drink but ill be working
i don't even follow u...i didn't even know u tweeted that.
Can you tell me when individual tix go on sale to the public?
its okay. The weekend is gone
The Super Bowl: NFL Player of the Year Gala is being held today at the Scottish Rite Performing Arts Center. Call for tickets: 888-493-0004
Just a reminder today 02/28/11 is the last day to vote for your favorite video in the "I'm Braggin about Rawhide Ranch" www.rawhideranch.com
Haha, so i've been told! :) Did you see the last harry potter?
Rick Pitino~ When you build bridges you can keep crossing them.
I can't ever be brave, cause you make my heart race.
How (Not) to Speak of God - I can't recommend this book enough. Pete is an emerging church pastor of the Ikon community in Belfast, Ireland.
What do you know about Accept for Value?
Karstens does the most with the least
Sad but true: the Zilker Kite Festival has been rescheduled to next week! See you there!
it was delicious! i didn't have heavy cream, so i missed that little piece of wonderful, but otherwise it was perfect.
Ok. I'll be able to provide better details.. I ran into a snag recording my 2nd tune.. still in the works. will email u info
Even through the joy I feel the pain, even in the sun I feel the rain.
Sleepless in San Juan...
RT : RT : If you're gonna play one worded texts with me, don't text me at all.
where u located now?
amazing job with the superbowl definetly the best performance I've seen there and btw Glee is fantastic tonight
Bbq chicken burger w/ lettuce and tomato...sauteed asparagus, onion, and mushrooms for dinner.
Don't tell ME I'm "not making it easy" to find a new dress; I already bought one, you guys are
#TGIF! What are your plans this #STPATTYSDAY weekend?!
It is the responsibility of a designer to inform you of all aspects of a quality lifestyle and health choices are a huge part of them.
I can't imagine having to do that! Kudos to you.
Yayyy!! Goo New Hope!! :)
btw, did you see denise's tv debut on mob wives on sunday haha
I think I've tweeted 500 times in the past week. This is a cry for help.
I don't go to school, but I'm majoring in social studies
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches.
And we will again (today;) follow this man!! ---> RT You're my favourite too! I remember you #FF'd me!
one of the best books I've ever read. Would love to hear Mrs. Hertz stories sometime. Crazy too bc it happened around here.
no...not buying a plane. If I can get a group of people to have readings I will go where I can. I'm relying on friends
what did you do to said poloroid might I ask?
Great chatting with you today! RT On the phone with the CTO and found of MuleSoft - 3 million deployment
You should take up a collection. Start with your mother, who had to deal with you when you were a screaming weenie.
I don't like all these "Can't we just get along?" people.
These God damn things I keep receiving about burning fat off is pissing me off!!!
you watching the game anywhere tonight?
#Grizzlies got some
This is for you bloggers...www.ow.ly/7Gu9c
Where is the love for the Honey Badger that started it all!?
Watching someone talk about what they love inspires me to love it, too.
#WhyNow? Why not now? Why wait to order those printed tees & embroidered polos you've been meaning too? Call us 877-244-8813
Congrat! Chicago Bulls.I was born in Chicago. My hometown team.
Food for thought Mashed tots, pumpkin pies, popcorn, corn on the cob, and cranberries were not foods at the 1st Thanksgiving's feast table.
love idea of a #ThatCampThurs ! I'm in!
LOL!!! RT : Dakota Fanning really ?!?! She is the queen of washed out gowns. Who styles this unfortunate soul ??
You want it to feel like Tetris. But sometimes it feels like Jenga.
We love it, too. Thanks for sharing.
He bout to cry awww he tlking.bout he making .a world record about his breath
is looking for good baseball news from the meetings this week.
Everyone please pray for Culkin. He is getting extremely thin and they think he might not make it if he continues this.
okay ,,, question: Saints or Giants ;) "cough" "cough" giants "cough" "cough" ;) ps. follow meh :)
I really dislike Kalia. I wish she was gone a long time ago.
I just made an animalistic nasal-y sound.
damn I thought that was to me 😞
. Totally! And as a heart attack. Or whatever other traditional play on words you like.
If you ever need an Event Photographer, give me a holler!
RT : Happy Birthday & I will do all of your work today!/ Now that's a great birthday gift!
can you follow me pretty please<3 i love you (: please
AT&T says I am eligible for upgrade!!! Can't wait for iPhone 5 to launch at WWDC next month. Hopefully Apple won't delay it.
I completely understand.
oh no not a runner NOBODY likes them !
Lucky ladies!!!! Thank goodness for that Q or I'd be history
um so were just chillin at Tier last night... #nbd !!!
I don't care what you say, I love those Hornets Mardi GRAS uniforms. They are clearly distracting Lin.
Got me a box of franken-Berry today! Happy as hell :D
Michael Imperioli should replace Andy Rooney when he's done filming these angry old crank tequila commercials
good morning great start little protein coffee to get going
This Thursday the Marketing and Social Media Maven will be our guest on #mediachat! The fun starts at 10pm EST.
Accentuate the positive.
One of our favorite desserts here in CITYCENTRE! We hope you had a wonderful time last night.
AMC's newest book: Outdoors with Kids NYC, launched recently at Prospect Park. 100 activities to get kids & families outdoors!
Haha aww i know. I remember he made me a bracelet and my mom made me give him a hot wheels car. ohh the memories.
The TVs are ready, git on down here for some side splitting laughter! Giddy UP! Double Points from 8-11!
Rise Up Clipper Nation got our backs
Wow the NYC Vet parade was wonderful. More people cheering on the military than last year.
i agree. just not sure what that is... wish more people embraced cremation. also enjoy those video montages at mausoleums.
Arsenal sign new striker! Pikachu!
How many of you young actors live outside of Los Angeles?
After slumbering through a 100 million years we've eventually opened our eyes on an opulent planet, bountiful with life.
Obama campaigning on creating jobs, which he feels is gaining momentum. Well, if you count 11 Columbian hookers, I guess he has a point.
We will be at the #NRAShow in #Chicago on May 5 and 6th demoing the product. We will touch base next week sometime. Send me a DM
no.... You're coming to the game lol
Last year, 11,226,424 books were logged by Summer Reader users. That's enough paperbacks placed end to end to reach from New York to Miami.
Will do...see you at your summer shootout!
im on crutches and i wasnt told i could meet and his dad said i could. i guess thats not good enough
are you in mtown?
Reading Double Dog Dare by for my
Some people aren't meant to be tamed. They need to run free until they find someone just as wild as them. Welcome to Miami nightlife. ;-}
- thanks for the follow Angela!
lmao, that's bad if u can clean ur room for a hour and still not be done. It takes me 5mins to clean mine and I'm a guy. Haha
umm idk ok I guess I have to go to court tmrw morning to c if I need more time in jail and yeah:/
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana white banana party
I AGREE THEY DON'T DESERVE TO SEE YOU BECOME BAD..
#Breaking coach Mike McCarthy announcement "I headed to Dallas to look for the defense that was left there in the Superbowl"!
Everyone make sure to check out for some amazing shades at a great price
Had a dream that I wore a dress and my hair was mid back straight. Thats like 3 years from now. Maybe my best friend was getting married.
Has anyone in SATX received a 2011 voter ID card? I tossed my blue 2010 one but haven't received a new ones in the mail.
A great day for americans. Osama Bin Laden is dead! Glad to know that mine and others sacrifice in efforts to find him have finally came.
golf with my dad and 2 of his friends
Damnit! No #WWHL with this week. I guess I won't be late 4 class anymore for a while ... lmao (-_*)
Been one since I was a kid. My father was a HUGE Rangers fan, used to take me to games.
Happy Birthday SEAN PAUL
Nature's laws are the invisible government of the earth. (Alfred Armand Montapert)
Congratulations! on getting acquired by - Hope it works out well for you guys!
Having a blast working with Sara Allen at Waterstone Consulting on a couple of projects!
Yes very excited to be there and to learn about what everyone is up to!
I think that's right.
That was a gift. Hang on to the damn ball!
My heart literally sunk when he said "oh no-u can't come to my church"--esp after how much he talked about it. it made me wonder..
act like a lady, think like a boss.
I frequently come across jobs that may help some people I know. I will start posting these listings....
I don't know what to say. Yall posed to love one another, not be fighting all the time. But, I know its hard living wit him
Probably a little of both ;-) lol
Excited that wrote part of his presentation at the Gone Wired Cafe
Can I put u on lay-a-way?
Sure thing!
“: Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. -John Wooden”
Sorry to break the news but there are 3 Erins (plus Aaron and Darren)!!
Pinterest makes you sign up on FB or twitter. I don't want them posting or tweeting for me. :P
Have you ever stopped to think and then forgot to start again?
hello! hope all is well! have a great 2012!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌂
Oh yes. This can be fun...how'd the meeting with the COO go?
😒 I forgot I was a guy
#WhenIWasLittle I dreamt of becoming an #artist and when the world told me I couldnt I went off to prove them wrong Now here I am
It confuses me when I'm flowing triplets and all if them put a tweet at the same time!! Haha
trust me you will want to be the onlychild again. i wanted a lil sis. then when i got her i wanted a receipt. lol.
just watched videos of squirrels at a meeting for animal deterrent fencing systems
Clip the hip. Trim the Rim, Flub the Bub, Socks with Crocs, Dykes with spikes.......the nail.
I'll be back for lunch on Thursday at 11:30. Can't wait!
Its friday
I'm in a random good mood even though I have so much to do
how does a nonprogrammer go about finding the best programmer for their idea?
That would be awesome, better get on that! Let me know when you get approved so we can warn the neighborhood :)
Was waiting for you chime in on Jimmy.. How u doin bro..
People will forget what you say. People will forget what you did. But people will never forget how you made them feel.
still cleaning my house from top to bottom. I will take it to 6 am.
"Competition in the wireless marketplace is white hot," said Paul Roth, in testimony before the committee.
thank you for listening!
Great #beautytip in to get best color from neon nails start w/a layer of opaque white polish-then top w/your fave bright shade!
how much will they probably be? Xx
I know! That's really fun in groups as an improv exercise. The funniest things come out!
Golden spoon boy Eric Cantor would put your grandmother out on the street as long as he and his rich buddies can enjoy the life of luxury.
Shrimp Q: when brining & then broiling leave shells on or off? (pg199 of I'm just here 4 Food v2.0 is confusing)
ill be praying for you....
Hell yeah. We need to have a little 1 on 1 game ourselves. Ill dunk on that ass all nite...
Happy Friday! All 3 locations now have Apple Pie, and Egg Nog is coming soon! Come say hi and swirl your fave combo today!
Can a blog be placed on an ableCommerce site, and if so where can I go to learn how?
Good Morning!! Everybody! Today you should have a Cherimoya.
Awesome Mother Monster! I love you!!!!
haha. PS3 or XBOX
Everything is easy on a MAC, it's when you try to do something complicated on a MAC that you wish it was Windows.
I agree since when you purchase the game you basically purchase an ONLINE PASS slot, when you sell the game you sell the slot.
Late dinner after my brothers confirmation
Brilliant! Don't forget to let us know how it goes!
Be sure to check out on 's "Jane By Design!"
AJ Jenkins has played in SF before. He had six catches, 80 yards, TD and a rush for 16 yards in KFH Bowl vs. UCLA in December.
follow before she commits!23
me too!
When most directioners favorite song is WMYB or others My favorite song is Viva La Vida because it's the first song 1D sang together<3
Increasing Your Google AdSense Properly How to make money by
I believe I said I need an iPad for work.
We had a damn good night. Hope you all are enjoying yourselves while being safe out there. -JChuck
I save all year so I can follow my packers in running for number 1 diehard packed fan lol
You sounded amazing on the KCAs!! Can't wait to see you in the summer❤💙💜
Awesomeness RT : I'm very happy right now…a specific joy made possible by unlimited, unknown possibilities soon to unfold.
RT!! : There's always that annoying person in class that makes stupid corny outbursts and think they're funny... Your not funny
Defense against Threats With a Knife & other Edged Weapons
nice to run into you! Chris Gallant here from BSC days. drop me a line some time at to catch up.
So these feelings im having are intersting...
i do have a extra one though
As my dad refers to it as his job. Lmao that a great influence.
i'm not sure if i'm hungry -__-
The what? I have mothers day 2007 blocked out of my mind.
Sorry about the cloud generator. Playing with ideas for a Digital DNA workshop for Digital Learning Day.
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!❕
need a change.
hello how's it going :)
I hv one of the best team members ever in Becky O. :') she just helped me 100x over
Q4: Whole Grain Spaghetti w/ garden salad
We're excited too! Let us know what restaurants you end up visiting!
Go Cav! I wish I was in Paris!
Really gotta pee random
Create an account and share your thoughts
it's been a long day and a busy night for all of us :) thanks again for coming out and helping us spread the word
Slots brinkmanship - Baltimore Sun
HP laptop with docking station. Every day I love you less and less.
what made Alex land on her early twenties as her subject matter?
For sure. And if I was making money off something online, I wouldn't want it copied... but it's still a pretty cute video.
Brock Lesner vs John Cena vs The Rock vs Stone Cold
Im really not in the mood to go to school today! Who wants to play hookie with me? lol
lol. You are the luckiest bastard...
TY for the inclusion in your daily!
I thought the issue with Bonnie was invisibility....
yeah it is and haha! I've got nothing against him, I think he's alright, just think some of his fans are a bit weird haha
Dragon Ball Z is as real as it gets. Straight up.
While Republicans stew. Obama is shoring up his base and polishing his image as a liberal. david brooks comment e.g. Obama more libera ...
Thank you for finally getting Jodes on here. Now it's just one more place where she can talk about how she needs a redbull :)
Perhaps. Trying to take notes this time. Some of the technical stuff is new enough to me that it might take a sec to process.
include the whole store then I don't have to fill anything anymore
Does anybody knows what i really hate?
Heading back New York City...
I love when my parents sleep till noon and Ive been up since 8:30.
NBA is Where Amazing Happens! I LOVE THIS GAME! GO MAVS!
Use #netflix + itunes + amazonvideo instead of cable or satellite
Social Community Managers need to be careful not to provoke negative commentary by reacting to constructive feedback.
Seeing my brother's senior mechanical engineering design project makes me the the proudest baby sister in the world. 💙
This is a great idea! :)
#NMRealEstate Good to see you here.
Branden: yeah the 7 commandments! : yeahh that's right! Me: guys its the 10 commandments you idiots! Both of them: oh!
PROJECT X was an awesome movie. Want to see again next time I'll sneak in some liquor and enjoy the movie again lol. :o)
How I have missed you all:))
People killing & people dieing
Happy mothers day mommy! I'm glad to have a mom. I'm sorry to those who don't have a mom <3
Heading back finally done after a long day and an event that went well. Thanks again to the entire crew
Mayor picks polling locations and has a 4.9.12 DL to submit list to Check back after DL to confirm where you go to vote.
no I won't! Since I wasn't there yesterday lol
It is idle to dread what you cannot avoid. - Publius Syrus
SHORTY ASS IS BEGGIN TO BE FREE FROM THE HOLD THEM JEANS GOT ON IT!
I just thought it was funny that someone called me racist after dating you for like 2.5 secs lol
#Wildomar Council voted tonight to repeal its #EVerify ordinance after Gov. Brown & Calif. legislature banned req the checks in October.
Love my daughter. Hope you had fun. Be good this week
There is this kid next to me and he is hearing girly music and he looks gay.
you said you were going to catch all 9 innings!
Yeah? Why don't we? Hmm. Enjoy going to the xkcd site every so often and catching up, tho.
I can draw, anything you need...www.leocortesstudios.com
AMC running CSI: Miami reruns is like if decided to sell a French roast. Unless it's some kind of hipster irony thing.
Karma is a bitch, but lets hope that bitch is beautiful. ;-)
Huge fan of the VW commercial
I need #Colorado expert assistance! Is it Coloradoans or Coloradans (what I use)?
haven't seen you around for a minute. Everything cool man?
Wow its only 230...
CEO space almost over :,(
are any experienced B2B #Sales reps looking for a new #job? If so, please send your resume to ! I'd <3 to #help!
Are you starting up something of your own or will you be joining a team down there?
Beer prices at Hilbert bars: TOTALLY REASONABLE
I must not lie, I'm thoroughly impressed with your incognito outfits.
I'm naked without a neckerchief.
I don't have time for school.
I have hit new heights of procrastination today.
Picked up a copy of the Hunger Games to see why everyone is so crazy about it. Read the entire book in one sitting.
RT : AWESOME book club last night! Thanks so much to National Director for being a part of it!
Such a good one! Movie + S'mores part 2, next weekend when I'm back!?
Delighted to host so many participants for our webcast “How the Common Core Will Impact College Readiness and Teacher Education.”
I can't make an upside down question mark on my Blackberry? That's racist!
Mark Salazar you are DONE. Smooch my cooch. <3
Yeah I'm not fun. Ok that's cool.
you can also find us on Manta now!
After that video, its amazing #YouTube made it big!
Yes, get to spend a few hours doing yard work at grandmas, my favorite thing to do!
heavens yes. I heard you guys always get it crackin!
YEAH! OMFG. IM DYING...
If i get n a relationship, n im bring n da bacon, shid u atleast can scrambles some eggs fo a nigga a relationship should be 100/100
One test and a class away from the weekend/going home to Weston.
On facebook and tweetin bout it
I guess I'm bout build my Lil area in front of the tv and wait for this medicine to kick in
We're excited about this winter extension! It's the PERFECT place to spend spring break!
The international art competition for all emerging artists-The Adamouski Biannual
Imma go bak to my natural color...
Congrats on a healthy baby girl Niska!!
Hm... Complaining to the twitterverse helped. They rebooked me....
Breaking out a new white shirt for the concert tonight. Now it's really getting serious. Lol
Hope everyone has a safe and happy Thanksgiving!!
and I will probably be taking over the 's MSIM program. Watch out, folks! Love you guys!
I'm getting my hair whacked off at the moment! Going to the game later... Not sure what we are doing after...
cool. Would it be possible for you to leave the airport for any of that time?
yum! agreed :)
We have both options. Single snapshot reports like this are normally $20, & real-time, unlimited tracking starts at $84/month.
I tried to live stream #SOTU from White House site. Kept lagging. Switched over to CBS and it's streaming lovely. This is not a parable.
No it doesn't! I can still remember the first time I saw that view as a little girl. MIss it. Hope you're having a good day
and run your fingers through it
- same to you :) Thanks! Tammie
I get it now, will tweet me and favorite my tweets, but he will not follow me... -_-
Need a promoter to join a concert this July 2nd. in Brooklyn NY!! Anyone ?
“The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.” - Ayn Rand
IN JUST A FEW MINUTES I'M GOING BE STARTING MY NEW GRAPHICS SALE FOR THE HOLIDAY!!!!!!!!!
can't even explain the joy I feel right now.
-;I'm not single, and I'm not taken..... I'm just simply on reserve for someone who actually deserves me. =(
1Miami supporters took the mic at the carnival stockholders meeting calling to pay their fair share
I am so Punny
Winner FX now up in Sound Design! Check it out!
My party plans are in play for Saturday. I'll just ride by myself.
Woo im done with the semester!!
I'M ON SUMMER BREAK :D
The quality of sound acoustically and electrically is way better than any guitar www.usamusician.net/nashville-tn-handmade-guitars.htm
This may include purchasing of ad spaces on a number of other sites, TV and ads on the radio
Thanks bro !:) hahaha
Will you be at the opening night party tonight? I'll be there!
she is dumb -.-
Thanks for all the retweets ya'll!!!
Remember 2 disable restrictions when syncing ur iDevice and u won't b scratching ur head about why the iTunes apps drag and drop is disabled
me too.
Moodle is the WORST course mngt system ever. One of the least intuitive computer programs I've used in my life. You get what you pay for.
lol..U truly are fabulous. U left me with no choice, but to tweet u loooool
does anyone know what Alex tweeted Alexis? he deleted it before I saw.
HA! I know, right? We know at least 6 or 7 of the same ppl. How come you haven't introduced us already? ;)
I will change my attendance right now for you :) Also, Wednesday is the worst day for me, but M-T & Th would work...
you'd me pleased with me. Ed Sheeran is now 1 of 5 CD's on my iTunes.
I try lol ;o)
following herself....
The stage production was outstanding...especially the trickling at the ending leading to "World Peace"....the rest? Bollywood U.S.A.
we sit on the opposite sides of the room dude it sucks. Let's go out to eat sometime and get the table together!
the best suggestion yet! Haha!
cool hey way u doing
was amazing!
I adore you. Been debating a complex marriage to take into account a small cadre of brilliant/crazed humans. You'd be welcome <g>
There was never a more exciting moment watching sports than when Bob Kennedy tried to beat the Kenyans in the '96 Atlanta games in the 5k.
Also, my raincoat smells like beer. Oops.
Only have 140 characters to make idiots understand what I'm saying. RT : Who says convos, it's *conversations
Mom: I saw her pictures on Facebook. Mammaw: Is that legal?!?
good luck to loog in A final. How did they do today? Been gone all day
Harry Vagina and the sorcerers stone
good cuz I hate you
thank you! Overwhelming data demonstrates nano zinc does not penetrate into living skin. That said we do not use nano Zinc
Wats the Smiley face For #WatTheFucc!
Creating Sustainable Change is one of the Best Ways to Change!!!
Josie & the Pussycat Dolls
Lovin this weather! My headache finally subsided! YippY!
Age is important only if you're cheese or wine.
#ThosePeople who say they're gay one day but then are straight the next day. MAKE UP YOUR MIND.
Just learned via & excited to see how I can use this for in 2012~
Tweets for the next 100 or so mins are re: 'one day'
She'll be at Del Mar Fair this summer!
Kenzee has the cheese touch....
#footballwives Hope yall have a Merry Christmas! :)
I had just arrived at Reagan airport, messaged & started tweeting ahead of Obama speech.
Thanks, boo!
Just tried from for Windows. It's horrendous. Gutted, useless version of original. Uninstalled.
Prosser people are rude you say? Never would have guessed.
i. NEED. to LOOSE. weight!!!!!
Ain't it the truth. Damn.
I just had a good laugh with that one:-)
Send drinks & help win a $1500 party for your team/bar! Drink to party or party to drink? With #Bartab it doesn't matter!...
Dining -- I actually dined at the old Pascals - the McDonald's is a trip - yes Vine City is kind of rough -
- Eager for my #kombucha #tea - thank you so much! See you 2morrow night
Peter White Christmas, Austin, TX
whattup other boss-man. Yo good looks for the WBMB shout out bro. How's your cousin, May?
hehehe! I remember my times too!(;
If you're going to sneak ahead on the tv show you're watching with SO, don't forget & say "we watched that one already don't you remember?"
A diet high in Omega 3 fatty acids is essential for the human body to be totally functional.
Social Media at work! RT : RT : You can connect to tvguide.com w/your Twitter account thanks to our friends
Baptism tonight at Bridge RT : so, what's going on with ya, sis?
It's an appalling development for this country that Rick Insanetorum is actually gathering followers.
and are the best players in the world!!!
my leg
hey! Finally found it at Barnes & Noble in Metairie! Great issue but no placeholder stickers .( hope you get one!
I miss LOST!
#waffleweDDs dinner out with coworkers or go to gym to work out so that i can use my $60 gift card that i am about to win!
orientation!!(: ahh #excited!
you could always join the #techart cycling team!
Because they said two different things!
my phone is in self destruction mode. Life is still worth living, I-phone 3gs!!!! IT GETS BETTER!!!!
the Best ONE is the one which both the patient and doctor agrees to. #HAchat - then they have to work together to spread awareness
actually not badAlmost 50/50 maybe tipped in the females favor Got simultaneously roasted for my hight/ complimented 4 my face
Now that we found loaf what are we gonna do? #loveisloaf with it
Getting ready to watch #GreysAnatomy season finale...I should probably get a box of tissues
Silver lining: Flyers, like Ravens vs Steelers in postseason, just won their Cup, beating #Pens. #ABBP (anybody but Philadelphia).
do they forecast what unemployment rate that would give us around election time?
has west been traded or signed from p squad
Who's the is the kid in the Batman hat next to Jack?
Patiently waiting for the snow storm to hit Seattle, as I stare out the window at the blinding sunshine.
congratulations on this work, hello from NYC
RG3 is rocking a periwinkle suit, a plaid shirt and a striped tie. The colors don't match. Quite the #nfldraft ensem. Bold fashion choices.
Today we put the finishing touches on our contribution to an upcoming Christmas compilation. Stay tuned to this channel for updates.
A Silent Nights patch over the Acupuncture point, the heat stimulates the flow of the affected meridian inducing a restful nights sleep.
fuck away from me twitter im tryna study.
It is very apparent from this chat that book, after book, after book has been translating to film.
Remember "WHAT'S THAT?!!?!?! It's a crab! It's a troll! It's a Kroll…"
Thanks for the Think Red Line interlude.. It leads one to contemplate the meaning of it all.
It's so warm in Nashville!
how do you feel
play what?
Virtual dissection app created by HS girls, "We're saving the pigs!"
Just ordered Michael Caine's acting in film. Trying to be the best I can be at this.
Thank you WOG! May your day be full of peace and blessings! Love you!!
probably a better advice is to start work at a lib first before getting into a lib school :)
I want you to want me...
I don't respond to ignorance because what do you know about me? Absolutely nothing
So excited that you joined twitter!!!
►Mom just yelled and screamed for over an hour about how "homosexuality was a choice & lesbians were an abomination"► She is SO CRAZY stupid
happy new years all!! Here's to a musically solid 2012!!
is a pretty cool dude. wake up go to school and hear him gossip with these chicks
I did not listen to MUSIC at all while I was driving... Instead I Came up with a NEW CHORUS for my next SONG...HOT stay tuned.
haha yea. bout time.
Palfrey: Free to all as core value of libraries.
REALLY. I MISSED 11:11 AGAIN. what the fuck is going oN!
Time flew.
Hi Florida neighbor! Thanks for the follow as well. Looking forward to you sharing your tweets!
Getn ready for church.. I need sumthin today!
Olympus eyes fresh start, ex-CEO mulls legal threat
your very welcome.
600 followers! thanks for following ;)
Welcome Back to school! We hope everyone had a relaxing and enjoyable winter break!
I also want to thank everyone for taking the time to review my product.
Don't have a topic for your blog this week?? Do some keyword research, something will pop up.
Weird technology problem: Don't run a FlashBuilder project from two computers, while using Dropbox. They have auto-compilation battles.
So sorry to have missed it. RT : The Warriors killed it last night. Thanks to all who came out. Thoughts?
What's the meaning of love?
please follow :)
Today is Friday? I think if the days of the week were a quiz, I'd fail. I never know what day it is, only what I need to get done.
I'm offended with taylor swift set up.
Roy D Mercer
LOL Ass does feature prominently. Per usual.
Converting RI 1993 from #TEI P4 to P5. Minor sticking point: names of former editors + current board of dirs in front matter--print legacy.
I guess everyone's gotta have a dream..
#archives Improving High School Graduation Rates The high school graduation rate in Massachusetts has improved steadily since 2001. In a
Winter hibernation breeds golf nostalgia. Got any great golf stories you could share? Please, share.
thanks for the #FF!
Who's watching the Caps game and where?
Who all wear shades at night?
where's the dog?
All Day “: A HUGE thank you to for his $1 million gift today to the OU Athletics Department”
Join the fight! Support the
finally you put me first
Yes, we need you functioning ;) Glad you made it safely.
wth is the same ol same ol...daddy gon get better,,he told me 2 tell u he still loves u..but i never passed on the message.
Yes that was a serious quote lol
Give us a s/o We need the followers !
Not sure what you mean.
Never got it. Please resend and we will take care of it.
Hey ;D
shooting an hd stereo video of a guy wearing an #arduino controlled hypersensitive ninja suit
She says prom and u think about "back in the day"
How many teams nicknamed the Rams in the A-10? Colorado State are you next?
we'll be working on that too once the lawyers get back to us.
Checked my email this mornin' : 10971 unreaded messages!! Damn
I hope you'll are having a great day, I have missed you guys so much. I promise I will be back on more when family things have settled down.
HELLO!! You tell me to tweet you on twitter but then you don't even reply!!
Happy Easter!
yes! It happened really fast and we found a good place. I'll tell you all about it when we catch up offline :)
Can't wait to join you tomorrow
(For my deviantart watchers): don't forget about me even though im not posting art...plz..don't forget about me you gaiz.. *starts to sob*
Zimmerman in custody awaiting 2nd Degree murder charges! Hopefully the prosecution can convict despite the gross incompetence of the police!
30 min run w/sprints ☑.
Not sure what i have in my hands right now... But it's amazing!
Happy Hump Day Señoritas!
Thank God For Getting Me Home Safely Last Night & Waking Me Up This Morning
Moving day! Took the 6:30 jitny back from the Hamptons, packed my life, did some work and found a cute diner. Uber productive before noon.
#swaggerian let's get on new spots
Just got an invite on Facebook to join my high school's 'year book'. Isn't that was Facebook already is?
Enjoy your holiday weekend!!
I keep my head high, and my middle finger higher.
You can't afford to be not motivated in this day and age
I'm at a payphone trying to call home all of my change I've spent on you.
fuck out of iraq but cant come home
- it's all about change and the money, too much for some to loose.
The left media wants Romney - they know he is easiest to beat.
well if honesty is being pompous... I guess.
The most important thing in YOUR life is YOU! Stop depending on other people for your happiness
I refuse to believe is 40 he looks to beast
Snow Emergency, Blizzard 2011 Weather and Car
You're TEEEEENSY!! I'm sure you can fit them ;)
if you are going to sing a Beatles song, please don't butcher it. First , now
I havent been on twitter in 4 days O: I was in south carolina(:
wondering if has Gina's number in his phone....
lmao. That's my Cat.
I enjoy poking the bear way too much. Hehe
Group of Black guys scoppppin out in front of the union
We understand that having a quality product will be not enough, if you don’t have a perfect floor coating professionals.
It's unbelievable. Really.
Our launch is coming in about a week...
I remember when you were cool and drank with me... Now you're no fun...
Realized I typed "Cabin...", not "The Cabin..." ran out of characters. Something had to go.
Who at the show wants to help us pass stuff out? Well give you presents :)
happy birthday!
FDA recently approved a telescopic eye implant to help those that are 75+ years old with end stage macular degeneration....
for vegas, Express might be a good fit actually.
"Wealth isn’t measured by net worth or material possessions. It’s measured by a sense of rich life fulfillment."
In this time of economic troubles, we need to give some focus to our youth & the quality of education, as this will determine our future.
I miss you and all my JC peeps too. Loved the caves video. Lots of good grub in beautiful Boise.
I sadly agree.
Thanks for the RT, we are loving this new Images program. Tons of cool archives images available for the first time.
Ever hear anyone ever say , "Gee your yellow teeth look amazing!" Probably not. We're here to make "Gee your teeth are so white!" a reality
nope defensive
Any reccomendations on hotels to stay in in NYC?? #hotelhelp!
so true BoRyan should get his pants pulled down and spanked with a belt, quit actin like kid! Worse
man, YOU R STOOOOOPID!!! Glad I had my hookt on fonix lesson for the week!
dude, I didn't know you had a Tumblr blog?! Now following :)
That's amazing! Thank you so much!!!
S/o to for having the cutest baby! I wanna meet her :)
You've got that smile, that only heaven can make, I pray to God every day, that you that you keep that smile.❤
Jealousy is what makes a bitch talk shit.
I have to leave early, but come hear some great speakers at How to Shrink a City Legally in 408A, just starting now.
you too Kaz :))
It's amazing! :) I wish I was there.
I hate ppl that do stuff just for attention!!
listen droid- you better stop with this freezing up, not responding bull or im gonna...well, i probably wont do anything, but what the hell?
I see a lot cocky pple with NOTHING to offer but words and short money... The real pple with it are so humble n kind go figure...
Its okay I think me and understand the sarcastic tweetsI may send from time to time.
thanks man!!! awesome!!
Thanks again ms Riter, and for the referal earlier today! Hope your's was a good and productive day!
I just bought sum today too lol
Seriously. #napathalf RT : This 9:23pm tip-off is brought to you by 5-hour Energy.
The square with the girlfriend and the shawty
that moment when you haven't been on twitter in four days and then you log back in to find a tweet from
Aww thx novs! You were quite impressive yourself :) Fun time at !
back grindin.workin on this new beat,got it soundin incredible!
#Hail state my ass ole miss will be back next year and will be better then ever
hells yeah! I got that single swag too!
everbodys asleep and im up like a crack head
butler buzzer beater! (one year late)
I need to clean out my purse like every other day -____-
Holy shit, is gonna be here.. I don't even care that they are opening
Stuck in line now. I'll be sure to visit!
now idk what to do!
Happy bday to Martin Delany, born today in 1812! Delany is considered by many to be among the 1st blk nationalist in the US
Stacy - it was great to meet you at dinner Sat and see you at DBC. Let's stay in touch!
Global Phosphates Industry
Is anyone awake right now?!
Sensory overload!!! I love me so 'Tip.
Glad it went well! I hope you're flying high for days!
": &you Know Yo Black ass One For Sure!" Well duh , my nigga ... ima ride for yo crazy black ahh faasho !
I give up
That's amazing news! Good for you!
Yes but I don't want to lose Saunders for a start in the process. Need a spot start from someone and kills pen.
In New Orleans for the NACAC Conference!
Thanks, I'll look into it!
Its kinda my type. They've all fallen into this same category xD
"Toes in the water, ass in the sand,not a worry in the world...life is good today." Love being alone w/
Head to Gallery 924 tonight to see work by Jan Martin & then swing by to see one of his pieces in Art from the Heartland.
OK, I'm going to bed now, night.
Looking at those made me cringe
Ever have one of those LONG debugging sessions where the enemy is yourself? Just sayin'
Had a great night with Gray, Bella and my parents at the Squirrels game for Gray's fifth birthday bash.
It about time #pandora you piece of shit
Lol hope I'm not streaky again tomorrow.. 😏😁
I feel really radical today!!!
im doing just a lil bored and shit and im sad
Would it then produce a 6-7 paragraph article to insert the necessary ad hominem?
been back home chilling, yourself?
was great singing the National Anthem last night! Looking and sounding great!
What concerts are everyone looking forward to this summer? Loading up the calendar!
We been getting good shots..just not making none
"Online is more and more visual, use images & videos" - #dcswa prof dev day
Identity theft is more than just financial. People are getting medical procedures done in their names, crimes with stolen identities...
Sounds perfectly reasonable to me.
Just a reminder to everyone - The Studio Trainer is closed today and tomorrow (5/14-5/15), in light of our workshop this upcoming weekend!
Come on lob city
Before I go... I love that one! Love your collection!
The best way out is always through.
friday and i dont got shit to do
Welcome to the twitter world mama!
hell yes. We are so cool!!
Confirmed: It is hot in DC today.
justin bieber!!!!!!! :o ah lol he looks like a gurl wearing that!!!! haha
This morning sun feels good. Nice breeze out as well. Blessed to see this beautiful morning
