i get tired of spending money... even more bored making it... #yawn #$plashy
: I wish this chick would get it through her thick skull that I'm not interested. She got a severe case of denial."
just txted you, bud.
Three-Greens Soup with Spinach Gremolata Recipe from Bon Appétit
You are so wonderful...thank you for my birthday shout-out! Also, Greenlake walk after work this week?
I have the bad habit of memorizing excessive amounts of song lyrics. Where do I store that info?
your welcome I guess<3
...cough...cough. keep trying bud. you'll get there.
i'm so lost these days. what the hell is wrong with me
RT : For Pyrotechnic lovers: the Berlin-based band Rammstein lights up BankAtlantic Center, 4/20
Made a late night trip to Meijer for hairspray, saw a local newscaster and (I think) an ex-boyfriend there.
good look show seaport ima young 18 year old from Pittsburgh pa mix on my own show love to Mar thank you....
I can. It would look something like DEAD SEXY. hahaha
Smh. If you don't wanna go to class cause it's raining don't go. But don't think you any kind of legit
Little girl is so excited about her new haircut; she can't stop touching her hair! It's the simple things.
Porn and coffee is always a winner in the morning
This has been SUCH productive day.Must be the post-oscar buzz. Marketing lunch following an EM You are inspiring!
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill rt
Follow me on keek! I'll follow back:D keek.com/claudiamahomie
RT Im gonna need these bigger chics to start investing in spanks, gym, lapband, or something. The sloppy ish is unflattering
Finally going to french comedy in Paris. Oh no, I wish. Paris movie theater in the city.
Getting ready for our first #overflow #getoutoftheboat event in L.A. Cali excited to see what God is going to do!
I would really love some of the people that I gave cards to call me.. Bored, and I want to make some $$.
love the song on Dunn's record girl!
this photo is an obvious fake: he is not holding a beer.
Today is National Teacher Day! Honor our educators and the crucial role teachers play. If you can read,
My boyfriend just asked me what font to use on his letter head, I said #Helvetica. He responded, what's that? This might be a
C'mon 4:30. I'm ready to go the gym...... talkin bout food smh
Off to OSCon in a two-prop plane!
ghosts of girlfriends past :)
Of all the days, you had to pick today to like me? Wow...you're timing is perfect! Ugh
Putting words in other people's mouths.
section 110, row e & the lone person in the stadium wearing a Marquette jersey. I could come meet you anywhere when you're free
i wrote this paper on you and in school this week its about what we all talk about if i met you guys :)
Nice job.
Enjoyn my day its beautiful here in the "D" ( Detroit) and dont let the hype fool u.... Detroit isnt just crime filled...
wth I never saw this post lmao I just saw it now :p
Get creative. Use your waffle iron as a panini maker.
I'm at in Burbank at 8pm!
A little over 48 years left in a shit ass year. I am ready for 2012.
married to the fake plant
go to google and type in "how to make a resume" I'm pretty sure they have some standard fill in the blanks or prototypes avail
depends.. why did u pick a laptop? Lol
AND BOTTOMLESS SODA?!??
Off to the City of Palm Coast's Arbor Day. Come see us at Both #37 for live honey bees, honey & lots of stinging insect nest samples
Pretty happy about Andrew Miller's outing before benching. Mikey teased me about having the dreaded Miller/Blackburn disaster in waiting.
Shout out to Jack Burton for keepin shit real, Lo Pan was clearly a dick
Rock On,Charlie my friend!
Giles's adorableness cannot be defeated!
He can't even bait a hook,he can't even skin a buck,he don't know who Jack Daniels is,aint ever drove a truck. #GottaLoveCountryBoys . <3
Thank you very much
I know and I need to suck on those titties x).Queen Curly. PRINCE WOLFE FLUFFAY AND PRINCESS SCARLET CURLY. IF THERE WAS ONE
Nice..where do I send them too? RT : I think they can ;)
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book ...
#OneWordThatDescribesHer PERFECT. «her : meaning me» :p
we are heading to the studio in December to record a new EP, get hyped.
has to be one of my favorite places to watch a show. That and the roxy
True that!
yes!!! Does it hurt?!
she was great!
Thanks for following . Hope you are having a great day & happy belated Mother's Day!
A woman's power to heal comes from finding meaning as a woman of great worth and inner beauty regardless of what she has experienced.
Less than 26 hours to participate in this week's Treasure Trove Contest on FB! Guess the value of the 18th Cent Brooch for a chance to win!
The moment when you get out of bed to go pee, an it's freakin cold
as;ld'a I can only imagine how much good stuff folks from Ravenswood Manor will be selling
you played basketball with only one arm... i dont think you ever eased OUT of sports
I need summer.
Cold's suck.
Learning about experience of Croatian parliament opening up at
Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, Start.
But knowing me, I'll be ready to hop under the covers once I'm finished getting ready... smh
I'm a big failure I tried to end it yesterday but she came home from work early and found me.
GET MOVING.....What is one step you can take toward a 2012 goal? BE CHOOSEY!
#Royals win 6-3 over the Angels in Anaheim. 1-1 record now.
i just googled 'dingoes' to try and confirm that ur spelling was wrong. lets just say u obviously know your australian wildlife.
you'll be fine. 16 years ago set out to help people trouble shoot mac issues. got only 2 clients. pc? you could set up shop!!! lol
I do agree! eli is hot and so is the whole team. pack had to much pressure on their shoulder's to repeat! it showed
you tweet a lot.
haha seriously! What a bum! Mwuahaa
. is prejudiced against the word "conference" She says "wine" not "bloggers" is the most important word in the #WBC11 name
I know I shouldn't, but a part of me is waiting for you to call and say, "I'm sorry, I miss you. Can we go back to how we used to be?"
well had been crossed off my list! How unfortunate because I was so looking forward to check it out
I so can't wait. I downloaded all the books! Man oh man #GameOfThrones is going to have a crazy season finale!
Rockers were better
I see all you Paris heads up and pop'n over there. Spread some love over here to the states.
I love you too.
I love you to :)
I'm with her right now!! We're having fun! I wish you were here! Nashville trip soon! :)
Lol who are you trying to fool...
It's great seeing TJ contribute without scoring. Makes us unbeatable.
My purpose is to rock Friday, my goal is to clean my glasses so that my vision is clear.
im a pro at back massages haha
words that sound the same but spelled differently ....
Meech Dogg have a small amount of views on youtube HELP!!! us gain Meech more fans tell someone about Meech Dogg single JUICED UP
Thank you my love! How are you doing lately? Tell me a story!
I'm always tricked into reading your bio!
"hey let's go check out that house real quick" -pops "and then we can tweet it!!!"-gram she just learned what twitter was 5 min ago..
Turning on the TV but muting it (I'm listening to Springsteen), checking the #WIRecall primary results.
cool freaked me out
Winterhouse & Carwin's Shave Shop will showcase the talents of three local artists and have refreshments for
If you had one year to live what would you do differently Text You the answer- I just met someone who did that and Wow great accomplishments
Dear Emma Ostilly, if you don't want angry 1D fans after you, DON'T TWEET PICTURES OF YOU AND HARRY. It's that simple.
Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole
Thanks! Just downloaded it ;-)
small local biz a working day is a beautiful day! Movers on the go! Have a great day today. NYC
RT : “We can’t have the government in charge of our Internet,” said Rep. John Boehner (R-Assholia), as he voted to do so.
Mars Attacks!
sej is easy!!!
you're welcome, happy day
lmao food coma
you took the Mayorship at Chase Bank.
Cookies shaped like something always taste better .
I will be live tweeting #health2con today and tomorrow! Hopefully I'll see some tech relevant to underserved communities...
With and at #Chanel a very dangerous place for my credit card
we're letting karina play now.. man show interrupted
"Good wine is a good familiar creature if it be well used." -William Shakespeare, Othello
Mamba again!
Screw that "ily" crap. If you really love me, you can spell it out.
agreed. But Tennessee isn't doing itself any favors today. This is painful.
The thing about disrespect is this: mind your own business, stupid.
#helc12 "I tried to drop it in the Dropbox, but it must have missed!"
yo wat u doing tomorrow so i can go to yo apts.
strasburg and votto to much for hamilton? I have a decent 1B in Laroache
Lamborghini mercy, you're chick she so thirsty....SWERVE!!
He's so freakin CUTE WHEN HE PITCHES
Parra finds a way to get out of that mess.
RT : Insurance Benefits For Exercise Programs Can Cut Health Costs, University Of Florida Institute On Aging......
thank you boo :)
tell that to Sting...
Haha, awesome. Just playing around but sounds good.
all the sweetest winds they blow across the south.
early this week is kind of crazy- you wanna grab coffee on Friday a.m.?
you guys were amazing tonight ! Such an awesome show!
#flyers have the types of players I wish the #sabres had.
You think I actually use staples? Hell no
this new thing on Facebook , that says , '' seen at .... ''' whatever time is good. you know if there ignoring you or not. loll
So proud of She helped her HESA program win multiple awards at #VCU Leadership and Service Awards
Randomly joining in when people are singing happy birthday for someone else.
but tania is in bad condition
Ha that's awesome. Love you too!!
Isiah Thomas says this (FIU) is 1st time he's been fired for basketball reasons. I would love a look at his personnel file.
NO GREEN SHOES. Bo.
this is a sign. I shouldn't gamble in Atlantic City this weekend. I'm in disbelief.
...in span of 1.5 months? This makes my brain hurt. RT ": FACT: Padres are 1st team to beat Roy Halladay twice in one season since 2009"
And to everyone making disgusting generalizations about people from NC: please keep talking about 3/4 of my family, I really appreciate it.
you her cousin? tell Celeste "I love her " :) and can she follow me ?
sounds like a plan!
I did get root beer and vanilla ice cream though.
hey it's me lois, my old account has been hacked x( please follow me back. thanks :)
I thought Az gov. was justified with the new immigration policy. They have to do something to curb the increase in crime from illegals.
FACT! Thank god for them and hot Robbie
Very sad to hear about the death of Steve Jobs tonight. That man deserved no snark, none at all.
Or the Alaskan Klee Kai? Though I think my favorite is the Altiplano Chinchilla Mouse, because the collective noun is a "mischief"
Michigan does not have a higher police conduct rate than the national average.
im down! Lets do it.
Healthy hair would like to wish all twitter friends a safe 4th of July
Final speakers at Media Symposium: Reps Stacey Abrams and Brooks Coleman.
RT : "Believe in something larger than yourself." - Barbara Bush
thank you buddy.
what part of Seattle Bro? Where do you Packer Bar?
Are you planning on reading the whole trilogy, if you can tolerate the first? It seems a lot of people read just the first.
Real good too! Like larussa said. RT : just as long as they go up and in on pujols
#WWDC needs a #bsides just like the information security community
how do you guys go from Ratchet Girl Anthem to Low? Lol
Be #uncommon. Spend time w/ God today. Start w/ a couple of minutes of no phone calls, no interruptions. Then increase your time together.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
amazing game!!! #warriors #boss <3
★Goodnight, Everyone! It's 12:06 a.m so I guess it's time to Go to bed! :^D (Z)
Have you found anything out about who the choppers are looking for?
stay thirsty my friends
Grandma loves the grey doves-
your site's down and Android app isn't syncing data. Just so you know.
hangin for a bit then work 12-close.
and section 412 of the US Patriot Act permits indefinite detention.
Hey Everyone How Yall Doing??
Thanks, bud. :)
It's a theory so it's not proven! RT : It amazes me, the misconceptions people have surrounding #evolution :-S
that reality is still scaring me! Thanks for the response.
some what
Not the greatest day - weather wise - for a Grand Opening but the show will go on!
Just arrived at the Jackson's MMA Sites VI press conference
love your cubies hat btw! At least your rocking the right team!
I don't have a problem w/ republicans but what i do have a problem w/ is them trying to raise taxes on the middle class.
o u gunna be aight? & when did u get a bf?
I miss you more!
Chinese food sounds bomb af
This weather is great..can it stay like this for awhile
Pressure is on Verlander. CC is not supposed to beat JV so a W is all gravy to CC/Yankees...
No biggie, Terri! :-)
just pencil, but it's edited to make it look cooler..
#20ThingsILove my phone(:
Took all my strength to resist. . .
Good win
really glad you liked it Lars Fasel. the sulfite's at an absolute minimum DM me an email and i'll send you all the
hey! my two favorite things: Sporting KC and The Church of Lazlo!
I don't mean that in a bad way, it's just...Tam Tams, they just scream "Pesach," you know?
Today at 12 in the WRC (McElroy 141) learn How to be an Ally. Merkert 127 at 7:30 pm TONIGHT is a filming of Precious.
Another must-follow #legal tweep is
What is this wet stuff threatening to mess up my makeup? Didn't know I'd be this emotional!
Hope everyone's having a great day :) Get outside and enjoy some summer tonight.
u r fighting the good fight!
Shouldn't have come back to work...
Silence is a girl's loudest cry. You can always tell she's really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
The Jersey Shore crew: , , ,
“: In order to see His glory you must get to the place where you say not my will but yours oh Lord! - Nathan Morris”
do you need us to lower the crawl rate or stop crawling all together?
Eww, most of the time if a female smells bad, that means they got something! Eeeewwwww
Permission to Lift Light
This 15 brings me stress and pressure. Im just waiting for the dance to start.
My school won out track meet:)
#ff even more #austin #film #aff11 local coverage.
don't die plz!!
That double eagle in the Masters was sick! Anybody else see that? ⛳
All rainy days do is make me wanna curl up on my couch and sleep
Yeah, wasn't totally sure what people thought about it. Thanks.
You win.
Oh the joys of Web2.0 presentation tools
#TextsThatLeadToSex I make money want some
Rent Money !
If it never would have ended the way it did, I wonder where we would be.
Hey, crowd. Online photo editing recommendations? photoshop.com is clunky. picnik.com is pretty nice. Others?
we swear you'll love it :)
thats why i have them tattooed on me! :) <3
The boys dance... Omfg...
RT : Got a question? Use the hashtag #AskGovSnyder and I will post video responses
Eli manning is a comic genius
#250DollarsCanGetYou 10 sloppy back alley blow jobs in vegas!
It's hard to cook on #humpday! Let us cook you dinner and we'll make it easier for you to get over that hump!
I go to Miami Hamilton :) so no we didn't make it
Yep! RT : Ha! RT Bruce Wyman, digital strategy speaker at #MW2012 by day, closeted auctioneer by night.
Amen to that. Sand doesn't taste good either. And it's hot. And gets in my sandwich at the beach.
Thanks for the library retweet. I really couldn't hold back a snicker when she said that.
RT if your watching the #Tribe play??
I emailed you! We leave but maybe later lunch/coffee?
We hope everyone had a great week at #NAFSA11, great to catch up with old friends and make new friends and contacts from here and abroad!
The suspension design also improves rear isolation and enables the use of 20-inch wheels on the MKT
If her tattoo washes off in the shower..
Hooray for fall mornings!
RT : BREAKING: Whitney Houston's cause of death was accidental drowning; heart disease & cocaine use listed as factors...
Now hiring. Great company seeking Online Marketing Coordinators. Work from home. Great compensation plan. Get the details here...
Tim Tebow is a #joke. He really must have jesus looking down on him cause everything he does is a miracle. he gets so lucky and its bullshit
I'm gonna take a nap, if I don't wake up until tomorrow morning, I'm ok with that.
#WhatILoveMost Having people around me that actually care.
Meek be that nigga !
I'll see what I can do :) Or if they need extra help, I'd be all for working it, too. Haha
You can do a hard reset yourself. The instructions are on the last page of the guide book. Tweet us if you need more help :)
Guys I have to be honest, I like this guy, he's like SUPER cute, and he sings amazingly. His name? 💜
weak ass niggaz!
Kicking off the 2012 HR Management Conference - Jack Daly - Corporate Culture: Is Yours By Design or Default?
20 Times Im Gunna Hit U In The Face!!!! :))
What a clusterfuck of a nonproductive day.
good thanks. can i get ur opinion on something?
"...our everyday social practices render the world publicly available and mutually intelligible." - L. Suchman, Human-Machine Interaction
Perlstein's Before the Storm
Best line of the nite "why can't be your honey bunny butt pie?"
yea you do that lol
hehe thanks anne!😄😊
Glad to hear you liked the winning entry! A wonderful and insightful depiction of Brooklyn life.
#That akwardmoment when your principal curses •_°
I am really looking forward to our first time.
he always fake on yall plans
Redoing the red in my hair
Nah, can't make it. I'm bummed. If we get hot, we can win it. We haven't played two complete halves of basketball yet.
I know the plans I have for u declares the LORD, ‘plans to prosper u & not to harm u, plans to give u hope & a future. Jeremiah 29:11
They are not taking on abortion funding, they are cutting off life-saving cancer screenings and birth control to those most in need.
where are you going? Sounds like you should have taken the bus!
Thought of putting a message in a bottle with my # in the ocean but w/my luck all I'd get is a call from som1 yelling to stop littering
Late for class. Grrrr.
Thanks for coming to the forum last night and for shooting us some questions!
Smoking mirrors can speak lies when you stare at them
Adele with Andersen Cooper. She's amazing.
My server has 105 updates to install
sure thing. I'll DM you my cell.
how was your Christmas?
God sent me a text! It's called The Bible.
Congratulations to my basketball hero Larry Bird, Now an executive of the year. Quite possibly the greatest basketball IQ of all time.
It going down tonite homies at club 91 dem swagg boyz bout to get blasted
our injury karma is being distributed. Curse over we hope, please. :-)
but u said she has none so what u doing?
I love the design, but I would also tweak some things. I'm still not 100% sold on WP7, but maybe once I get hands-on time...
and some pretty good mustard...
Hey Calle 8, can you follow us back?
GOOD MORNING SAN DIEGO!!
Holy shit, I'm excited for today. #MarvelMarathon - my first legit movie marathon - will be starting soon!
I love you!!! You're so sweet!
Where do you live?
victory through destruction - goodbye SBJSON
Wish you had a twitter so you could see that status was about you.
now I'm in Boston & proud to live in a great city in a great country! But when I am abroad I embrace the country I am in.
Visiting my local ghettomart!
Off to the bunk for my final!!
I usually have success on craigslist! :)
yes. Yes I did. & I'll probably do a fb post later. I have to cover every source. Lol
Aw. Thanks, dude.
“: Chicago's great.” Duh biatch
Just got the new xoom tablet and love'n it
I'd smang Sage with rigorous intent and gusto
Loving life
you should kick down a cubicle wall
Despite getting rear-ended, overall it was a great two days in Austin.
oh okay, congrats on dominating that final, keep it up...
hell yeah!
oops. Did I invite you at all? Do you need one. I also did not call you again yesterday...
thats fine . i can leave early sat morning
I'm so tired but I've got all three kiddos today so no nap for me!!
I'll probably go that day too and Wednesday lol
"I'm done" RT : Who wants a Shoutout or Follow back? Follow ( Retweet & Tweet me "Im done")
Your lips
I wonder if Louis CK and Lena Dunham's success will give rise to more auteur-ish shows.
": I hate girls that tell their friends everything. When you date one of them, they all know your shit."<---this is the worst -.-
well you obviously failed. LOLOLOL
watching "the fighter" sorry but i dont recomend it.
We are working on figuring this out right now! RT : I'm curious: what makes a good one person play successful?
To lead the people, walk behind them. ~Lao-Tzu
Geithner's message..the economy is improving,but still has a ways to go.
"The value of social media comes down to people, relationships, and the meaningful actions between them."
It's weird, processed foods taste bad to me now too. Eggs & nuts are my fast food. Dark chocolate & wine are my fav. indulgences.
Yes, but I'll live
Enjoying the #ReutersWebinar on #socialmedia and #journalism. Social media is another tool, good stories rely on real reporting!
AMAZING IDEA! Search for blogs using your keywords, offer images in exchange for photo (link) credit, says
dl'd ur special fucking fantastic accidentally bought it twice looks like drinks are on me dick
really ppl grow up throwing tampons really look how immature you are !
Joggin Heavy soakin up a tan for awhile and then it ends up stormin after .
Look for the Sunday Funnies tomorrow they are supposed to be 9/11 themed. #9/11
Anyone have any great monologue suggestions? Need two for an exercise I'm doing with my amazing mister boss man.
Surprise! #PIPC - representing pharma and device orgs - opposes research on the costs of #healthcare in #PCORI priorities document
Come on, let's get the lineups out
Investigating changes to STAT!Ref and McGraw-Hill medical packages.
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him. ~Albert Schweitzer
Late lunch with the kids and tasty
Rainy Day Token Special on sale now!!
Idk I'm driven by the opportunity to wear jeans! Hmm hit certain numbers, we can rock jeans.. I'm throwin it out there lol
it's Nicole from "Good Day for It" and this is my web series!! Hope you'll follow us!
Go Dawgs and go ! We were there all day #BarkingforBubba!!
word of d day PEE PEE
Thanks for coming in today! It was great meeting you and Joe!!
Fml everything hurts right now
You're stellar, my twitter friend! :)
Chris Meloni is the cutest man ever. I can't even.
Y0UR A BiG MiCHAEL JACKS0N FAN?
I'll take you up on a beer anytime!
kind of muggy in la= me wishing to be back in CT just for a weekend.
gotta make life colorful :-)
awesome, can't wait to see them
you've always got worms...
Wisconsin vs. Nebraska picks? Mine is Wisconsin.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool You cant stand.
Strangely enough, reading posts from other people who dislike open floor plans has actually made me like them a bit more.
I hate when I'm sitting at the gas pump and people are just standin there talking! Like, do you not see me waiting here!
It's amazing how quality toilet tissue can change your entire day!
I forgot for a moment, and in that moment it was good
Today is the last chance to see 'Never Let Me Go' -- a lovely filmic lament on love and mortality -- 35mm (at least for quite awhile).
will u follow for my birthday
besides u still need to train to be the board
RT : Yea! ... Pumped up to meet Juan from and at for a nice cold one!
Facebook is like prom pic central right now
Let's GO #LAKERS, beat the #ZombieSonics, aka Oklahoma City Thunders!
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well-V.W.
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape.
QoTD: "Your temper is like a fire. It gets very destructive when it gets out of control." (Unknown)
So... I heard the new Rihanna and CB songs. I must say... I'm not really impressed. I know most of u ppl are but I just can't get with it
": Newt Gingrich fails to file in time, won't appear on Missouri ballot" LOL!!!
After all these years, still believe everyone needs a coach. Get in on my special b4 day's end.
Library snapshot day is tomorrow. So you know. Go to your library, see what they're doing. :-)
CITY GEAR IS YOUR LAUNCH SHOE HEAD QUARTER!!! 4443 CANERUN ROAD
Thanks & for the #FF! You guys rock!
I turned on the radio after the gym in hopes of hearing Mumford & Sons "Little Lion Man"...played 30secs later =)
Samba anyone? J.R. Martinez confirmed for #ala12's Closing General Session on 6/26 at 9:30 am!
shoot for the moon and even if you miss you'll end up with the throngs of people trying to get in outside.
What did the lil corn say to mom corn? Where's popcorn!?
just as funny and raunchy as ever. U gotta see it : )
i just learned to read too, who wrties that trash?
I don't want to see one more cookie, cupcake or brownie for a while.
and you were in from justin to Kelly too!!!! :)
are we adding this to our site?
- What is the deeper scoop on your #Windows8 Team at #MEGA #StartupWeekend? Any Tablet #DEMOs ?
Finally! RT MT A word that rhymes w/ orange! Sporange: a rare alt. form of sporangium, botany term for spore case.
Seriously you can't ppl!!! ": You can't trust every smile you meet."
Kiddo interrupts my explanation of how a couple gets into NYT Vows section:"so basically someone kinda famous + a golddigger?"
Driving with the widows down and blasting my music
Rowing lightweight four look on the bright side
#20KWin The North Face
Just tapped, No Equal Sounder's Amber Larger (replaces Anderson Valley Boont Amber Ale)
Sorry I haven't responded to everyone's tweets. I'm on vacation time. Happy Holidays. Sending love out to a dear friend. U know who you are.
Running out of my mind.
It's probably better that way to be honest! :)
MT Guillermo Mayer : 5 basics for transit & social justice-make it: cheap, often, close, easy to use & safe
My mom is gonna buy me ticket to 1D's concert We cant afford VIP and it stinks but i get to see you guys in concert<3 you
"Greet Rufus, chosen in the Lord, and his mother, who has been a mother to me, too." --Romans 16:13 (NIV)
How can anyone top that? I quit (everything)! Thanks a lot
Germany = no fresh fish
I'm so sad I broke up with my bf because he lied to me about him being him my heart is broken I loved him I feel incomplete :,(
Top of the morning world.. #CopTop from sunshine
The random people are the best people ever
You can't stop 'em, you can only hope to contain 'em!
Yes what did I already tweet
Are we inviteDD? #challengingtopic RT : Welcome to another episode of #Foodiechats Where are U Eating & Tweeting from tonight?
Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By in America by Barbara Ehrenreich -- Mary's
It surprises me how hateful people still are.
Im sure you've been hearing it from tons of people all night, but awesome show Freddie!
;)* I wanna kno more about U .
Enjoyed eating tasty food and soaking up the ambiance w/ #DerekFleming at #RedRoosterHarlem. #Travelistas in Harlem with
RT": Its funny how we try to move on and at the same time hold on.."
i did not. I'll have to check that out.
Thanks, will do!
This June 23, 2010 I will be receiving the Colorado Bar Association's Lance Butler Award in the Workers Compensation Section.
thank you!
there can be multlple clusters across distances replicated over WAN, using a contert router on cluster manager
home business based
Transparency is a fundamental tenant of democracy if it's 2 b the Govt of the ppl
Today already don't look good .
So true
Why take pics of yourself if they all the same pose???
Any chance your RailsConf keynote is available online?
Turkey and Friends 100 mile Bike challenge 2010! Lead by , if anyone is interested in joining please let us know asap!
Off to the annual day after Thanksgiving parade with Coleen and the boys. Julie and Flynn are joining us! Then football- Go Ducks!!
Craig Bellamy, you beautiful, neckless man!
Someone bring me a SHHNACKK
Hahahaha you would. I love you
TY, I appreciate it :)
Good morning, tweeps! The week is almost over!
Stressed at the moment! We've got tickets available at our site- www.elbybrass.com! Also, CD prob. at the end of July- www.3sgiants.com!
you never did anything .. What money ? Lmao all you did was for ari. And Tammy and my mother might have asked not me
ok ma I got you ;)
#wherecamptb2012 getting some hot coffee for #Unconference today, starting at 10am.
My prayers go out to the people in Brazil.
haha ooh! Nice. I definitely did not know that. :)
Miles of DISD: Hence...We need our teachers to get results in classroom. Not who shows up to the basketball game, brings cookies.
IS SO SEXY
"But that was just a dream, and this is what it means, we are sleeping and we'll dream forevermore."
lol No its not fat!
Once again, Lynn Breedloves car service #Homobiles gets me to the church on time. If you live in SF, give em a call! 415.574.5023.
someone tell Fallon because we need a fill-in then...
I think it rocks. I have nothing to do with the quote about god though.
When working with a video production company, find one who will design your video and plan all the important production elements.
I know I spent my whole time there on I didn't even play lol-_-
Just saw the picture that abc released of the back of Zimmerman's head after the altercation
Another pair of tickets to the I Love Pub Crawls coming up shortly after 2pm today on Whip's show. $50 dollar value for FREE
ah yes! thank you!
If I was your boyfriend never let you go
The man did a lot for the city, which is why I like him, and was sad to see him leave the D. He's proving he needed a change.
I want 150,000 apps to choose from
Looking forward to heading to Las Vegas tomorrow for a Conference on Asset Protection at Ceasars Palace!
yeah understandable, thanks for responding
Goodnight world. Sleep tight. Be careful about people like me who sleep walk and talk in their sleep. Disturbing us could be dangerous.
Preview Thursday. The gallery will be open from 5:45 to 7:30. Come check out The Party's Over
If you don't want to fall, stop walking where it's slippery.....SIN....
Gertken: Ireland wanted a national bank 3 years before
Oh, the junk foods! They speaketh so sweetly...
Came To the doctors, having some weird health issues.
I am the Lord your God, who upholds your right hand, who says to you, "Do not fear, I will help you." -Isaiah 41:13
Air Farce team spent 3 hours signing books at the launch of their new book Air Farce: 40 Years of Flying by the seat of our pants
I will come to NYC just to jack u up
How long will you be gone!?!
Dammit theres light outside..guess i better get outta vampire mode go workout and pay some bills......................
We're about to hit the road to Waco. We might need to get some rain ponchos or something. Stupid weather.
what does the Fyf in your name mean?
lol have fun
facebook me @ toninkajj
It's 12 where I live so..... #HAPPYBIRTHDAYAUSTIN!!Lots of #MahomieLove right here I Love You Austin!Have a majestic Bday<3
#ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen is that you should not throw up on a ride with your boyfriend near you
Justin made a twitter.
amazing few days for performance/dance here in the district of columbia. exhibits A-E will follow as proof for nonbelievers.
I can't watch reruns of Friends anymore. Don't know why. And yeah, I used to watch reruns of Friends.
Thanks for the RT!
In the middle of "Joy To The World" at church decides "this song has pretty weak rhyme schemes"
a 14 year old girl from #Spencerport committed suicide because of bullying 2 days ago. So sad.
*Specials Today*Buy 5 UV TANS and get 2 FREE! Buy 3 Instant Tans for $49.99! HUGE EVENTS at the El Cajon and Hillcrest salons tomorrow!!!
Enjoyed the #Boston , now time for #summer camp sign up for the
when does spring training start for you?
When mental energy is allowed to follow the line of least resistance and to fall into easy channels, it is called weakness. - James Allen
same to you child...be careful NYE with all these loose hoes and shady negros out here...keep it 100 sugar...
Ever since you said 'make that change' I have Man In The Mirror by MJ stuck in my head.
#3wordsforyou los angeles clippers
Because my son will think I'm the coolest Mom on the planet and he'll share with all his #facebook friends
Doug? Rugrats? RT : not a fan of hey dude...
Derby Day! Have fun everyone!
Right? Bugs, snakes, raccoons the size of small horses!!! Yikes!!!
I know ... kinda surprised. Then again not. No $ right?
“: Our tour is being led by ! Give him a follow! #MNEarthDay” he's a great guy!
Oh dear student at #MPOW. I am sorry that you feel unwell, but PLEASE try to cover your mouth when you cough 10 yards from my desk!
Why do people find memes so funny?
I would not put it past him AT ALL. He needs professional help.
For his rookie hazing, he should have to get off the bus wearing a santa claus outfit.
you home for the summer?
cant wait for #raw :D y did do wat he did to cm punk last nite?watchin family guy:D cant wait for :D
#askmadonna I look forward to seeing you in Miami!
H&M Confess To Using Computer Generated Model Images In a society where size and body conciousness is at an all time high, it's perhaps n
Watching a PhD defense is simultaneously inspiring and terrifying.I need to get my act together and be awesome like my friends! Soon enough.
LOOKIN 4 NETWORKING THE#ATLANTA AREA
Thanks for the shout out!
Got some great news this afternoon that had nothing to do with car insurance...Let the good times roll!
all you have to do is call 754-300-YKMD, great rates
$2 pints of Schlitz and RW Stein. $3 micro pints. 2-4-1 wells. What a great day to spend with me at 3007 s K.K. Blackbird
who in the world would know. I'm sure even himself didn't know.. Lol that's Metta though 😁 I'm sad but it is what it is
I can't figure out instagram to save my life right now. Lol I just need a break
haha yes! Good call, you been a victim too?
Hey -- Thx for the follow!
“: Linkin Park only makes hits” truth. But their best is still The Hybrid Theory. Beginning to end I never have to skip a track
I got a callout from Susanne Markgren as embedded writer & fellow at center. Woohoo!
Enjoying the HS/HSL holiday party! Great foods, great colleagues, and I won the chocolate basket!
61 Yard Rush By Green-Ellis!
Tonight 6 pm. Susan Bauer-Wu, Emory nursing professor and expert in mindfulness at the Carlos.
New year, new (alliterative) adventures. Next on the docket: bhutan, bombay, belize, bathurst & brittany. And that's just the first 6 months
Seeking: Linux Systems Administrator for NYC trading firm, configuration of Linux, set up and maintain low latency trading servers, SAN and…
TWITTERPLAY Lights up. Sandwich. S- But what is my purpose? Man enters. S- Crap. Man eats Sandwich. Man feels fulfilled. Lights.
#Boston - #76ers series is boring... Waiting to see who the will play in the Western Conf. Finals #Thunder or
I'm guessing bullet proof vest?
I forgot to mention how kearnonthekolb can't take kolb at 12 -- he needs marshall and wayne at the 12/13 turn
It's Friday the 13th all right. My computer crashed and I lost my ISP. 47 miles later I'm back onlline. . .
“: happy birthday to so old and wise” thankya 😁
I like his work. He came to ACA a few years ago.
Vida Guerra is the new Brand Ambassador for Steel Fuel Energy Drink - stay tuned for upcoming events!
If you really know basketball CJ Hill (Westfield HS) is an absolute player!
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil .. Well you are Cute .. But you have an Ugly personality .. So you're Ugly to Me!
Will try our best!
My birthday is in one more month, on TWO ONE! cant wait!
guy: so what do you do for fun? me: dance guy:cool, and? me:*thinks hard* dance
MT : "I'm not going out like this." - Mariano Rivera
My phone battery last longer than some relationships in our school.
what happened to
The first 3 men just arrived.
any word on your car?
M bop!
good food, great company!
the scam in SD is all electric and water is overcharged. solar or water if u try to escape the utilities they charge u!!
It's funny how much a decent night's sleep can improve one's mood.
Dnt be scared shake dat ass wit yo thick ass....do a trick on the dick wit yo thick ass.....
Ugh didn't finish my h.w imma start rite now!!!
happy holidays...free tacos for everyone!!!
RT : Get some girls and bring them to me word to - recruitment 101
Welcome to high school, where a girls confidence drops faster than a slut dropping on her knees when a guy asks for a blow job.
HAHA will do. Thanks for clearing that up for me
Yessir.. In there like swim wear
Alex fouls out, McNeese at the line, up 57-55...w/1:14 to go
When you begin each day anticipating something good, God is able to arrange things in your favor.
Thanks for following:
Watching a video of Wynton Kelly and John Coltrane at Waterloo Records in Austin Airport
Not all data has a point, but all stories do. Collect wisely.
Yes it is. :) Thank you. xD
me either. something very small and most likely on my foot. but I'm down to do it before I change my mind haha
that's not the right one. Sorry:( mine is : 14, and I love drake like a fat kid lives doughnuts✌
Good morning tweeps!!! I'll be live on with and (maybe) at 6:15!! (no chuck!)
Btw, I'm not mad at OKC. This is their year. Lakers management doesn't deserve a ring this year. OKC will never catch Kobe's 5, so all good.
In My Place- Coldplay
S/O A #MUSTFOLLOW SHE B ON IT!!!!
makes anything look good. I don't stan for many but good grief I will stan for her! Run Lo Lo! Run!!!! :p
One of my biggest pet peeves is mfs hitting me up on bs. Don't txt me if you're not talkin about shit please
Home sweet home! Good to be back in Texas for a few days.
An incorrect description. It was an independent PAC. Unfortunately, the candidates have no control over these.
Thank you for bringing #cltgrok together... Really enjoyed it! Looking forward to the next event.
Online organizing has not and cannot replace community organizing. It enhances it.
Before I was adopted, my name was Patrick, so process that in your own way.
IM STILL #GRIZZNATION, WHOOP WHOOP.
YOU SLUT!!!
But my favorite things are things I don't need---Ayn Rand
"Local governments need to engage citizens in solving the problems in their own communities." ~NYC Mayor at #ncvs 2010
Watch out for the #panther!
A Carolina chickadee was hanging out with me for a while in the yard, and then a Carolina wren stopped by. Cool.
Ive been slackin... i need to start doin my hair and makeup,,, i am a Cosmetologist after all... I need to look the part.
New 1080P Apple TV is in stock at Millersville & Lanham. Get 'em while they are in stock. We sold out our last batch!
thanks for the retweet!
So excited to be working on this webseries with such amazing people!
Thick juicy Lips Are Always BOMB.! ;]
Big One Day Sale at Mari Ari 30%-50% OFF...May 5th
First impression of AMR's CEO: Boring and a bit depressing.
U 2 Tom, congrats on Cisco Live mention, and thx for being a blogger.
If you are out and about for first Thursday stop into the Pearl store and check out the team member art on display! Until 9pm
it's on netflix, you should deffinately watch it. its crazy but so good!
They look great. :)
My boys in are promoting two new bands with free music! Check out and if you like metal!
HA...ha..hu....suit yourself.
my god! What must it be like in Houston?. . . Said the former Aggie.
that tiffany girl is in fucking 3rd. idk why this bothers me so much.. wait yeah i do. its not fair mer.
mesquite? Rt ": Now i'm in the mood to dance, wheres my cute cowboy! lmao"
When Ryan Adams Segues into Salt-N-Pepa: A Journey Through my iTunes.
i would like me some bum all night long ;)
The Pleasure Zone is POPPIN' OFF! Wizz Kid is throwing it down! <3 Dick's
…The things you said to me are playing over & over in my Head
McDonalds run... It's gonna be a long night in the studio!
Delayed does not always mean denied
I'm on a plane to NYC
Hm, I'm not as good at those as you but it probably had something to do with drinks, cotton candy, and Cindy's cleavage.
RT : Looking forward to kick-off of #Envision in NY today with - great social change films + discussions...
how did he get that off? SHIT!
Wish my soul was at peace. Wish my mind could meet sleep.
'Why yes, I also take dic - cough break - tation' - awkward moment in a gay stenographer's life who has the flu.
so sad my BlackBerry battery is about to die as I go into a candidates forum
lol I was guna go but my ass was tired from the night before. Lol
NFLNetwork debating AlexSmith being a gay manager.So what if he's gay, & who care's if he can manage.What? oh GAME MANAGER! my bad
Yess. Fun night. 7 followers. Good day.
Is there a mass exodus out of #pdx this morning over the #Ross Island bridge? Wow. Those people will wait forever. Traffic was horrendous!
oh man that's a bummer!! I love those sneakers!
Yeah bro, I got back to free styling again about 4 months but procrastinated on writing until last night when God said its time
Let the shaking begin in Big Brother! Vote for Jeff Coup d' etat! cbs.com info to call HG's leave msgs.
great job, very informative and honest! Thank you!
man, Lisa Salters moved out the way quick!
Great post! Need to remind ourselves to take care of selves & define boundaries. That often requires help from others.
Good morning pplz. I got WAY 2 much sleep last nite...tgif!
Preciate everyone for the birthday wishes and for comin out 2 party wit me....shout out & for partyin and showin a mex luv
I have the disabled rocking chair ...
#Imagine Austin Face timing with you.
Dude visited Ethiopia on Bizarre Foods. What's bizarre is that Ethiopia is known for not having food.
downtown nashville
Exercise finished, the warrior awaits his bride in the lounge, comfortably seated in a leather couch, watching espn and longing for a beer
there's still time! ; )
are you guys gonna be on warped this year?
cupid done shot my ass
Sleeping n dreaming.
I HEAR YA, GIRLY,
My new chili pepper plants are flowering like mad! Nothing like home-grown food!
So today I officially started working on the beatsheet for my (still) Untitled screenplay :)
": The Show must go on at tonight !! Mix live !!
fuck boy where are you
Nice Shoulders n Legs Workout toay with ' ! Looking forward to tomorrow's workout!
It is so good! I am pretty sure you'll love it.
You no the story bhout to be good when it start off with.... So This Bitch....
Was NOT a fan of tonight's ep of #GameofThrones Joffrey is so evil. He makes me sick :/
I know you don't spank that's why you fuck white girls!
I am helping with the "Chefs for Sharing" program this December. Text SHARE to 80888 to donate $10 & get a soup #recipe!
she's too cute!!!
WHAT A JERK
Strong but not nightly sellouts. Ask me again next year... RT How is attendance at new Marlins Park?
legit. Hopefully we can make it to the east coast some time soon as well! What do you crazy kids do out there for fun?
Happy Earth Day everyone! Do something green today... Then make it a habit :-)
me mom isn't going to buy me tickets I'm so upset right now :( :( :( my life is over!!!D:
If your not blind take your sunglasses off in the bar!
Random fact #8 #28 on billboard social 50chart Follow me!
"using this puppet, tell me about the pain you experienced in childhood."
Crazy wind. Hope more tornadoes aren't coming.
Even a true artist does not always produce art.
dude was awful.
Kagan confirmed as Supreme Court Justice
Just saw the movie, everyone walked out holding hands....
RT : Sushi outbreak linked to India and good reminder of why import controls needed, Smith Dewaal says.
Dead phone no power...
Yes the only ray of sunshine for The Colts is Powers a pic 2 weeks in a row
so w/ the $$$ taken from Dal & Was how much do they have in cap? how much was taken?
I love traffic
thanks!! Yes I'll def stop by this weekend to celebrate :)
thanks! hope to see others start using this software too- good for audience engagement
Now I understand...
Grrrrrrl! You KNOW I'll gave a GOOD night.
if only you were in atl you could watch me get weird out solo tonight!
Happy Birthday!
Drink Clean & Go Green! RT this full msg from by 12/7 for a chance to win 1 out of 50 $25 C2G giftcards!
Hey #jelena fans. Tweet us your favorite picture of Justin&Selena. We pick the cutest one and give the winner a huge shoutout! GO.
Chandler arts project doomed by lack of finances The sole applicant was unable to get private funding for the ARTyard project.
She did an AMAZING job playing Effie!! I just saw #TheHungerGames last night and loved it!
I like my new profile pic I shot for Facebook.
Been Out All Day...
the weatherman can't always be right. Then you wouldn't have anyone to blame
did it have a mustache??
- no idea but I nominate "tattoo sock"
Cause He Anit Beatin It....Out The Fame Like He...#PoseTo!!
#Usability is an integral part of #UX, but it's not everything. Experience is holistic.
Going to the Bucks game in Denver tonight. Reppin' the jersey fasho. Showing Denver how to get down.
Thanks for the follow!
The Cows have discovered that hooves and small buttons don't mix. No worries though! Your coffee is brewing and waiting just for you.
Here at New Hope South about to lead worship to this awesome youth group!
Porsche Tennis Grand Prix 2012 Here is the promotional video for the upcoming Porsche Tennis Grand Prix tournament in Germany. The tourna
#Tebow was just named NFL's 95th best player by peers on 4th-Rndr, really? fleeced again!
Kaakako Next Step shelter looking for prepared food donations
Looking for something to do tonight? Resident JR Russ is singing w/ this evening at Lisner, 8pm.
The friendly gentleman at Silver Spring and Marlborough nails the homeless crossing guard ever ready for a snap blizzard look. Every. Day.
no! hey at least you've got a year?
#SMTips: Planning holiday travel? Many airlines, including southwest & AA, are having fare sales that end today! Book before midnight.
of course I remember you. How are you?
Thanks Dee
You learn something new every day. Today: Jack Black was a Bobby McFerrin groupie. Yes, the Don't-Worry-Be-Happy-Bobby-McFerrin.
God is a never ending living process of self realization. Reverend Horton Heat tonight!
Take a look at yourself in the mirror. Who do you see looking back? Is it the person you want to be or the person people want you to be?
Q1: (1 of 2) On heels of Seau death, fmr NFL QB Kurt Warner commented he would have reservations about sons playing football
So far I heard that Abrusci's Italian in Cherry Creek, the Entire Menu is Gluten-Free--which is awesome! I'm craving pasta!
Scaring the SHIT out of when she comes to the door >>>>
Just left Ufc fan nation. Awesome experience. The fighters were real cool.
Those Eyes...
That awkward moment when someone says ”you two should go out!” & you're just standing there like ”...I wish...”
Don't feel too bad. I've yet to read Harry Potter!
I should probably stop waiting till the day of scheduling to fill out my schedule
Thank You!!! it was a great day and I threw it down with my kids all day :-)! Hope your week goes well!
That's cool! :) Umm I have my sisters gradation party this Saturday and then just church on Sunday! 😜 Thanks for asking! :)
ok nascar remember we got light so lets do daytina 500 night racing :)
Have I said that I really love my iPad? I'm sure I have, but I just wanted to say it again.
when your computer acts ( politically correct equivalent of " retarted " ) and you want to chuck that shit out the window -_________-
WordPress LTR features fine pieces by & among many other fine folks.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Matrix. <-- i took the wrong fuckin pill.
You should make some! Secret = use fat milk
ha ya wanna know something .... It's about 30 Here and snowing :( Lmfao
I'm successful because I'm willing to do what the next guy won't!
is officially a hack outfit anymore. They are just absolute crap.
nice headphones
Your not funny, your actually really annoying
u are hot. what is the 18 for?
Get a free 6-track sampler of The Girl With Th
thanks for the support <3 we followed you back
Ok cool, I'm down to one +k, so we can ping pong for a little bit
My 101s don't appreciate Feynman as much as they should.... :-(
From the suburbs of NYC to the suburbs of DC in 5 hours. I live a quiet life.
thanks! Best $20 I've spent on the kitchen
Everyone else is intent on going to war in Iran Gingrich Romney Santorum Obama It appears Ron Paul is the only one able to receive my vote
When Justice is sociopolitically constructed it often distorts the image Of God & humanity. Because it is subject to human wimps & caprices
#ImSingleBecause my man get on my last nerve
Would love to chat w you about this. Looking at implementing in my market.
Rely of the #FDA compliance programs with insight on the code of federal regulations all free online very basic yet effective for your team
Tried to hit up the UPS store tonight, to box up our food, and send it Oregon, for when we get there; but it was closed when we got there :/
Thank you Phoenix Jones for protecting us from those evil nike- wearing Black Bloc anarchists.
: hey butt butt! wyd
Blowing up the timeline of anyone on twitter at 6:30 AM >
At 16th and Stout where janitors that work for Commercial Cleaning are leafletting about unfair working conditions.
I've gotten over 100 texts in the past 20 minutes hahah
you can get scrapple in #Seattle! Delivered to your door! www.westcoastscrapple.com
Just set up at in #Louisville. Art gallery and music starts at 8. Come out!
GAB has certified recalls for 4 Senators. Elections will be May 8, June 5.
Charlie Sheen is the only choice to play Coach Cal in a movie!
You're all fucking idiots. You don't know anything about Osama Bin Laden and you all just believe whatever the government tells you too.
Really now?? “ Face Down...”
311 miles to LA
Dessert time! $6 pumpkin pie bourbon shots all night!
"Republicans Have Made Lawmaking 'Near Impossible' #huffpost Unless it's tax breaks for people, I mean, corporations!
Thanks for the follow :)
RT : The Extra Kick is good JCSU takes the Lead 14-10 over Miles
Hey, nice chatting! I'm gonna to take a nap & then finish polishing off my story on this very topic for due tonight
i swear my last tweet was true. i deleted it tho.
Fucc your Face.
Can we have Root back?
My love for zayn is getting deeper and deeper... I can't help it 💋
Me thinks I need coffee...I have to deal with these kids...and the slack NYC Public Schools...
Youu know tht gives u viruses??
thank you(:
Thank you chica!!!! Your energy is cathcing!!! mucho love to you!
somethings telling me to leave but i wont
Bostonian Society to reassess its collection, focus on "the Old State House and the late-eighteenth century period in Boston."
I'm not tipsy Joey. And it's not about you. You do know though
I never would have thought of that until you just said it.
Why am I do damn itchy again
Have a great time and get us a win!
This month marks 1 year of Jeff litzie, our drummer, being with us. Go tell him Happy Birthday!
Whiskey to celebrate a super awesome week at new job and a fabu new car (JB). Hanging with prehub watching 30 Rock and Sunny on DVR. *sigh*
we love you too.
❤❤❤RT : anyone want to grab some margs and start a life together tonight? Let me know!
damn...had it with me...I should have called you!
that would probably tie for first place. This girl's name is A'zya(asia). She's out here winning lol
Just heard a band play an instrumental called OPS Blues.
for an average church most worship music is good, for an extraordinary/different church it is Celia music :)
I look so ratcheet today -.-
I got your back girl!!
spit it different all day erryday
What's the biggest news stories for the week? Tune in for 3-2-1 Henry with Steven Stark coming up...
My BIG hater is always talkin shit about me.. as I always say: You can't get me outta your mind..cuz I'm too >>>HOT<<< to get out of
Hint on this word, the venue here in town uses it as two words. Unscramble it and I'll send you the #CovertTU password! FHUSEASOE
Lunatik Clothing is looking for skate/snowboarders,bmx for team. AND dj's, rappers, and entertainers for rep our gear. Lunatik? Check us out
Love is better than any other material in the world
Shout out to all the Mothers in the house on tonight!
hey milio do you Know when we gonna start mc s2?
Love how gives concerts to me & on the phone C:
good-afternoon followers I need to figure out what Outfits n colors i need to wear for my photo(s).......any ideas??????
#GovernorBrewer has $30 million in discretionary federal #stimulus funds that she could use to save the lives of those waiting 4 transplant
I think Britney Griner has better post moves lol
Btw .. I will not be performing at Levelz on the 26th ... sorry to inconvenience anyone who cleared their schedule. - janky
give me one?
Call or e-mail for more information on our cosmetic tattoo artist Raegan!
New icon-me and :)
CAN'T SLEEP! I'm too excited for this year's International Women's Day Banquet happening for free on Saturday @ Post Hall @ 6:30!!
Kate Upton Cat Daddy bikini video: Sports Illustrated cover girl&#39;s hip hop moves go viral
In #SouthDetroit, Jim Leyland is allowed to smoke on the bench.
Memories for everybody.
Cats know, comin' out of four, they better be standin' on it, else they'll be standin' in it. - Richard Petty
I remember this old a** video lol
"A dusty Bible leads to a dirty life..."
What do you need to know about getting started in real estate? Ask your questions to me today!
I trusted you... My bad, it won't happen again. I promise.
Holla, Hustler! RT : Because of your awesomeness, you get your own #FollowFriday #FF: !
RT Boy, there are a lot of unhappy Chicago fans in this airport.
Tonight will be a movie bonanza!
Bluestone encouraged students to think about society, culture. "we are in the end what we build"
Whenever I see on my tl, I gotta stop n check out the avi...yuup :-)
I hate people bullying into getting to put my kids on meds. My kid is 6 I AM NOT going to teach him that a pill is the answer to everything
Me? What did I do?! *tries to look innocent
Dragon tattoo? Never heard. Sounds interesting though. Who's the author? What's the story about? :-)
Just skyping with big deal
I did... Thanks girl!
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1963 #Alcatraz Island, the federal penitentiary in #SanFranciscoBay, #CA, closed.
Me too! People use the word brand all willy-nilly. I think we all were yelling at him on that one.
Jan. 2011 issue MAXIMUMPC complete set protection strategies for your computer/network. One of best to use live CD/Linux Distro for banking.
fair, red mill is awesome. I had uneeda for the first time today and was epicly impressed.
This new Norah record is pretty sick. Different vibe
We offer customer service, quality products, skilled personalized haircuts, all in our community
Developers are hot right now! High demand, low supply. Get your CTO locked in! #nyuSternEEX (cc' )
"I like to pay taxes. With them I buy civilization."
In the bpen with
That was an easy Like. Love what you do. Thanks!
Know of any libraries using Linkedin effectively for engagement and/or outreach?
Everyone and everything has become overrated.
Bummer about twitter is I mention golfbag and someone from Calloway is now following me.
me too, waiting for the first book to come in by MacNeil
Wayne I once thought I had mono for an entire year, It turned out I was just really bored.
I do miss those days. One Day At a Time.... (See what I did there? Do ya?)
me obviously ! i love you
Thanks, I've never played Go, but i will check it out. Happy New Year!
Followed all back:)
unfortunately I think they are. Sad, isn't it? Or infuriating, depending on the context.
twitter has been messing with me the last 24 hours. =(
see you at in about 2hrs (?)
Note to Burger King: I'm pretty sure having Steven Tyler anywhere near your food preparation is a health code violation.
Great lazy sunday. Time for two-a-days
I have to step away. I can't deal with you all this morning.
Wats up world it's get blasted Monday's who tryin to get tatted? Come check us out we got the right artist 4 u.
Yes, it's cheating.
Hate my school omfg
Everybody wants somebody who doesn't want them and wants somebody else
Hehe yeah I know. It's freaking addicting!
A thousand people sayin they're proud of me 4 something doesn't even halfway compare 2 the feeling of being proud of myself
Something needs to be. RT : Boos must be motivating.
are you moving there?!
for sure man ill post it
Heading out to coach my students in a fencing competition today at Swordplay in Granada Hills. Gonna be fun to see them go at it.
PROUD OF AUSTIN MAHONE :)
who did your kinky twist
how did you forget
haha, thank you!
"You're happiness upsets me." (in regards to bowling)
it was super bitter at first but i was licking my lips the whole way home :]
My dads brother went home to the Lord. Pray for his family...peace in the knowledge that he isnt in pain and is happily in heaven.
hit me on th 408 # bro u got it?
yess you already know
I aim to please :) And Lauf will get back to you when she has a moment. Times are busy for all of us (testing, end of Q3, etc.)!
#Weeds finale got me all worked up.
I had baseball tryouts i made it i am on the Rangers in Little League. SO HAPPY
Good morning world :)
And captain jack RT : Is Manu coming off the bench again?
Brooklyn Decker Covers Flare June 2012 - The Gossip Girls
Looking for a minneapolis TW for a new assignment. Interested? Reach out via Twitter or LinkedIn.
Shannon, nice to meet you. We are sorry for your loss. Fight for a cure-
Thanks! I am amped up!
I'm hooked
todai is my birthday can u plz follow me and my 2 friends and and I iwll give u a follow back
This is so good!
it blows my mind that an ebook costs as much or more than the same book in paperback.
Hell of a game. My Packers are out so for all you Colt fans. GO COLTS!!!
Lost World is the place to go if you are looking for a copy of the first issue of the new Adventure Time series. Tell your friends!
follow for a follow back
M, chocolate. :)
99% sure that was Emma Stone standing next to me at Lobster Place
FOLLOW MY BESTIE that is REAl SWAG rite there!!
London Fall 2010 Application Deadline is this Thursday, April 1. Tell all your friends if they are interested in applying. Cheers!
I was made to love you.
we'll answer that question for you in about an hour
Woah. Just did a 360 on the 71/Gene Snyder ramp w the Land Rover. Not cool but luckily I have handles like Tony Stewart
Watch "its always sunny in Philadelphia" hilarious... RT I don't think I have enjoyed a sitcom as much as I've enjoyed The Bi
I LOVE ME SOME FOOTBALL AND CIROC AH <3
On some real shit , people be in the way . And those people see no where near me .
They share an employee.
Please Follow Me On Twitter i Love u
Man I live in sex stores, lol
Thank you for opposing SOPA and PIPA.
Happy Saturday Twitter Folks! Have an awesome Easter weekend! Thx for the followers! dR
definitely dominos large pizza three toppings for 7 bucks
you were looking mighty fine tonight! <3
Im pass Boss Status like 2Chainz say im just doin me daily cuz everyday pay-day i put dat ish on repeat everyday on my way 2 work
If you ever need some perspective on how wonderful your life is, go spend a little time at a large urban homeless shelter.
Look forward to it!
I've been to Phoenix/Mesa many times when I lived in L.A. My niece lived there B4 moving to CA. Love it
I know, I was inconspicuous in SE Asia-other than being 6'2" and white!
how are you and trackside closed right now? Trying to bet the ponies!
Better than the Bulls game. Continuing my #GLEE marathon. Thx
5.2 mile run on Venice Beach.. think that's a great way to cap off 2011! Feelin' damn good :)
"stay in ur arms see u smile hold u close and it weigh on me as heavy as stone and a bone chilling cold....wise men say only fools"
My heart was totally warmed by your introduction. Nothing wrong with champs-induced emotion!
That's such great news!
Great day, suns out ,show this tweet and get $ 10.00 off per. hr. Today only10/09/10 can't wait to see you down at the dock.
JUST WROTE MY FIRST COMPUTER PROGRAM. It asked me for my last name, then my first name. And then it told me my last name and my first name.
"Thats why I stopped wearing underwear on dates." - Samantha my Hero (SATC)
Stop being so negative all the time
The market manipulators are at work again today. They are taking a shot at either reducing the loss or pulling the DOW (at least) positive.
Finally got my Starbuck's, got some new clothes & about to do our nails. #lovegirltime <3
hah! I know! so excited to play so many shows with you guys!!
This is the best article... think I have met half of them....;-)
RACK CITY TRICK RACK CITY
I love how little Hispanic kids are always so well-dressed. Just saw a 5-year old in cowboy boots and bolero tie. :)
quite a few people in my office will be happy to hear the news. I'll email you guys in a few weeks with a date and time
will share? :)
Thank you And thanks for being a B accredited business with an A+ rating!
interestingly, corporate authorship tends toward medium lexical diversity in the case studies presented
Passover is known as the holiday of spring. Hope you're enjoying the warmer weather!
EVERYONE go SEE the Pic of Deb Noonan winning SUPREME! it is PRICELESS!
Good lunch with Anne Gimenez and John B. Working on America For Jesus--9-28 and 29 in Philly--press conf. Tomorrow at NRB.
Happy New Year to all my friends in Berlin :-)
Interest rates are giving back yesterday's flight to safety rally and equities are recovering this morning
Tweets Real Shit ! Everyone Should Follow Him
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together.
Lost the ball to the navel ring for the 10th time grrrr
Alright Coopsters, we have an important question for you all. Do you like to eat our Rib Tips with sweet or spicy sauce?
TY for the kind words!
cus they be dirty
I sent you a lovely message on fb... :)
I'm starving !
#Kansas vs. #Kentucky for the national title...WOW!...the basketball gods are pleased.
What are you most afraid of when you think about changing your job or career?
April is the Month of the Military Child and a time to honor the contribution of the youngest members of military families.
#TwoThingsThatDontMix Beards and Razors!
DuoView releases the best imaging digital radiography system in veterinary medicine. www.duoview.net
McPherson- The fireworks display as Farragut's fleet ran past the Mississippi forts was surely the most elaborate in US history at the time.
Are we allowed to speak to each other starting this weekend? An original six series...can't ask for anything better than that.
you know just chillin and planning on going to NYC this summer. We miss you!!
At #IFC #Worldbank for signature Leopard Haiti Fund. 75M financing project. 75% Haiti 25% DR
Tomorrow I buy paint and a fan for the back porch. #biggirlpurchases think tropical paradise in Bellaire :)
Kerri u no workin' RT 'm bored out my mind @ work
And were off!!! Let the games and Beer Drinking begin!!!
camel stucco contractors, stucco contractors carmel, carmel stucco companies, stucco companies carmel, stucco repair carmel indiana
Happy Friday!!
RT : Default social role has changed from the "worker" to the "friend." Network wealth is created from "friends."
... hence our paying for a extra Ethernet and putting our own access points in the IB areas to at least bring in a little wifi..
Just saw & heard the 1st Xmas commericial. I'm SO not ready for Xmas. Same shit EVERY. SINGLE. YEAR.
"Daddy, how are you going to dance at the rock show tonight?" Might pogo, but probably just stand there all aloof and nod occasionally.
NAPA Gvrn Cncl to have meeting on 2/23. Will discuss plan for GC meeting at #SfAA. Pls share key topics #NAPA should discuss and work on.
aww im sorry.
well girls do tend to develop ahead of boys. :) so that means lucky YOU!
admiral characters ... indeed....
hahaa that must have been amazing. I was up there for an eagles SB loss AND steelers SB win. So... not so amazing haha
oh whats that you said? You love me too? Omg awe :)
we love you too!
cool! Will do!
Now learning: googling a prospective employee is a discriminatory practice.
Tomorrow is ROYALTY DAY! Show all the underclassmen who really run ACC!
More frightening than Jobs' death is the fact that Apple is going to run out of big cats to name their OSXs after very soon. #OSX "Tabby"
need to hear from CORTNEY LOVE, E'ZACCEUS JACKSON, IMARI CLARK
he waits too long to me LOL
my mom is a terrible photographer as well! She admits it, at least.
Oh yeah. Big Mac is in the top 10.
Back atcha, lady!
Dinner-steamed veggies:/ what am I,a bunny?? I need real food!
go out and have fun! Me and are going out tonight 2. Maybe we'll run into u guys since u aren't going 2 porters...lol
The darkest hour has only sixty minutes. Morris Mandel
what region are you in?
I like your links you posted on how to right a press release...very helpful, thank you.
We MUST Have A Beer Date! “: Right after happy hour Wed: 60, 90 & 120 Minute IPA's will be flowing. Get them while you can”
goddamn that new avi is incredible.
Uber windy out
At the Nevada Archaeological Association conference in Eureka, Nevada. A lot of good topics being presented.
Third day of lib cataloging class. This is going to be a tough one.
For real. I dropped some mixes off for you and - have fun w Badu tonight!
Going fishing so excited me and my bro are gonna catch some sharks wooohooooo
Each person is born to one possession which out values all his others - his last breath - Mark Twain
Design and code to web standards. Browsers must adopt standards or face elimination. Days of "best viewed with.." are over.
I swear my mom is a hoarder, she won't throw away my hair from my first hair cut, or even my teeth.
Post Apocalyptic Party is an awesome fucking song!!! Congrats Fucking loving it!!!!!!!
he ain't gonna believe you cause ain't shit happened anyway rude
Watching 90210. Season 4! College! New intro music! What dreams may come?!
A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life
Must eat NOW
I like Claudia M Creations!!! :)
#thingsthatpissmeoff dudes that say they baby mamas crazy but haven't done a thing for the shorty #notetofemales don't date that guy
Relaxing with my children.
“: The last eight-track released by a major label was Fleetwood Mac's Greatest Hits in 1988.” same for cassette tapes?
Happy Birthday !!!! :D
After a Leak interception, the VooDoo capitalize with a long touchdown pass from Rocco to WR Quorey Payne. Preds lead 47-40.
My phone... I charge that! My kicks... I rock that! These chips... I EAT THAT!!!!!!!
ha yes. I will join a fantasy league next week because of it. Always Sunny is a GREAT suggestion. I'm on it!
R.I.P. Dino De Laurentiis
who talk? xdd .
Self publishing has yielded minimal success so far but atleast i am not a puppet. Shout out to all my free thinkers.
Way to go Pack!! 12-0!!
Everyone can win tonight. Go to our Facebook page and "Like" us to reveal a $10 OFF coupon good for any $50 order on our website
The couple next to me are so high on meth.
have not heard from u in a min.
Every time I have a really fast driver when I take public transit, I imagine myself as Frida Kahlo.
When people steal my dayuuum food >:'c
Have you tried our pizza and salad buffet yet? We have dessert pizza too!
#Knicks #Amar'e punched the fire extinguisher glass just to get 2 the extinguisher since it might be the only thing to play defense vs
Amen! RT : Michael Bay is going to ruin Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. No question.
Actors! Please please please send us sample sides! We are working a way to import sides into the app so you dont have to type line by line!!
bye huntsman. now that the only reasonable GOP candidate is gone, time for Obama to prepare a victory speech
Whenever your team sucks and it's underperforming (Red Sox, Royals)Just be thankful your not the Saints.
LOL! You're welcome! :)
At the post office. Breathing.
Had dinner . Probably new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. By Michael Mina is a good thing! Great service and food
I know, so disappointing!! Thank you spotify, for saving me the money i may have spent on blindly buying that album.
actually she prob did get out of bed like that amazing.
hush with dat small head
I will as soon as I get home .... texting + driving = bo bueno lol
A great way to learn the basics of yoga is with our Newbie Yogi Workshop. We have one Sat, March 10 @ 3:00pm with Anne.
finds political system "stupid" & despises vast majority of Americans, yet is irrationally hellbent on being our president.
Rayos de sol
I have nothing to say to you.
I already sent it check your email
I bet we could get Morozov.
"It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the #environment."
dang! let me know next time about 4 months in advance and I'll work it out...! :)
My Sis Got The Heat Blastin
Want to try out spy app. Sounds excellent
There is literally only an hour left to submit. ! Do it before we all turn into pumpkins!
I can't find the link on the NBC LA FB page for the Neil Diamond tix!
I cannot wait until 7:47 tomorrow
Getting ready to do my french dialogue.
As much fun as hack comics are, they are nowhere near as fun as hack bookers.
Fifty One minutes left and definitely counting down!
Hey world
Successful night, I'd say
he really is lovely
