i have mixed emotions.
Not only so talented but beautiful inside and out. What you said to those foster kids they wont soon forget.
that flavor could vary greatly upon the stewing liquid, though.
So cool to run under a clear starry sky. Great way to start the day!
SET Nightclub presents tonight | LADIES, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 to receive Open Champagne Bar |
15 years ago a 12 pack would be easy. Now (at 37) I think I could, but wouldn't clear 6.
James Rucker, ColorOfChange Founder is my role model. Silicon Valley entrepreneur turned Social Justice advocate.
Thanks to all of my latest followers from this past #Halloween week-end alone: 10+! - Management ()
#OdetoOldFlames is coming! I produced a real soulful duet w/ and .....can't wait till yall hear it!
Curious how many #DSUM12 peeps are #G+ users
Thanks #CommLab2012 Emerald Sponsors
Two Door Cinema Club in Dallas this summer!
Greg Robinson: Education does not begin & end when the bell rings.
my presentation went really well. Thx for the mention !
this is gonna be a very long HU, i think.
Hypochondria is the only disease I haven't got.
Ready to break down and cry. Why do people always gotta F me over ?
i would kik u but i wanna listen to saysomethin lol
The Vikes with the #1 pick? Would they take Luck and give up on Ponder already?
YES I WAS GONE ALL DAY!!! ): BUT OMG.
Ah, my left hand is free of it's prison. Next step: moving my hand again. It's dead right now & more than a bit sore, to say the least.
Sweet write-up.
hmm.. what to do. what to do?
oh btw I got paid yesterday so I actually bought your EP :P I'm gonna start burning copies. Prepare for a FL fanbase xD
This season....much better then last years...talent....choreo....MUCH BETTER. No offence...
i dont want to wake up for softball tommrow boo.
Heard you on podcast and looked up all your fights on the internet, I'm now a fan. Big-ups from a fellow judoka!!
Excited to hear his ideas for 2012, the year of the Gemeinhardt :)!
": Pogo Skate Shop #BlackFriday Sale 50% Store from 9am-11am! Retweet and make sure we see you there!"
Thanks! Anything to work in a few bird puns!
Your problem is you act like you don't have a problem.
no , sadly , in the front is for lip gloss.
I'm really not feelin' the sound of having school tomorrow while my whole class is at grad bash, bleh
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
I really want to rant right now... But I won't :) gotta sleep
Goodbye Dion :( your retweets will be missed...oh yea and basketball skills too
I won't let love disrupt, corrupt, or interrupt me...
Agreed! This is very irritating.
I know I'm not depressed anymore whn I really want to drink some booze.
Milk and milk products are good sources of 3 out of 4 short fall nutrients...#eatplaylove webinar
And on an unrelated note, spell check recommended I replace 'catchable' with 'catchpenny.' WTF IS A CATCHPENNY
Monster Mania Truck Show @ Lazy E Arena, January 7&8! Tickets Starting @ $8! For more info & to purchase tix visit Lazye.com! RT
“: If you're looking for Brewers updates, follow ... The guru of information for the Crew.”
I cut my bangs to short
that is the beauty of group reading, lower lvl readers can grasp more complicated texts
awk justin bieber follows me,, lawlzzzz
Do any of you know what's going on with the Admirals and their goaltending decisions?
Thanks :) How're you doing, mama? How's baby #2?
#FF follow these sexy people from ! & their beautiful touring members
I've done both. Totally recommend southern Spain/Barcelona. Scotland is pretty fabulous but I was disappointed in Ireland.
still waiting for u..lol
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years. Rupert Brooke
Melismatics hit the stage at 10:15PM tonight at Hotel Monte Vista!
acting for what? Icarly?
Late night fridge raid. Aged Gouda, melon, hazelnuts and leeks spread on crackers. M.
thx for all of your support yesterday!
I hate women because they always know where things are. ~Voltaire
are they cute at least?
looks like a nice article about him
I think the Celebrate Oregon event can be called a resounding success! Thanks to all the volunteers that made it possible!
Thank you, sir!
I hate essay questions more than essays! Especially in history
a shoutout to a funny guy .
After writing something the other day, I'm starting to think that recognizing the possibility and embracing it may be the meaning of life.
It's not comparable, yet, though it will doubtless get there. But "conservative" is the wrong pole: statists and libertarians.
Party rockin' in the house tonight!
do they have common law marriage?
please follow me austin
-No, & owns Richmond right now
5 Reasons I'm still single: ✔ Liam Payne. ✔ Louis Tomlinson. ✔ Harry Styles. ✔ Niall Horan. ✔ Zayn Malik.
seriously, I think I've had nightmares about that situation
I have it girl haha my username is my twitter name :)
I follow you dude xD haha
do you ever do anything besides eat, girl? <3
Thanks for the RT!
Awesome! RT : Field trip day-Bloomington children's museum & Monicals with 50+ preschoolers & their families
Lol my bf gone say icnnt tlkk to any boys watsoever I'm like yhu talk to lots of girls he qone say so wat.! How's tht fair.!?!
jealous!! How long have you been married?
I agree. Dems only hope is Jennifer Roberts name recognition
i'm excited about the game, but part of me just wants to say fuck it and go to the beach.
Okay and now the Monster from this morning is settling in... I feel like screaming and running around like a barmy lady!!
just heard matthes, and weege's interview on dmxs...why do they have to worry about weather or not a rider looses money or not? ..
" I want #SixersVsCavs tickets NOW!"
YES HE DID!!! WHAT A GREAT #WrestleMania Except Jericho not winning the tittle.
Fletcher says he wants to create an entertainment complex without raising taxes.
Nope. After 2 failed dinner attempts @ Torrisi & Eleven Madison Park, ended up
right!? Instant downer. The song Christmas Shoes is worse though!
I have a "facebook" template created in Power Point. Would that help with creating a yearbook?
i'm good at playing pretend
Wtf #twitter is always tyrn to kill somebodii gosh now it ; he's not going anywhere #bumBitches <3
P.S. , I get that you want us to vote for , but waking up to 14 texts from Twitter is not cool!
There's something about the ear-drum filling beats of Dubstep that perfectly cancel out coffee house noise.
I love the new Stoli "Go fan yourself" campaign. Smart engagement.
Follow Get the OFFICIAL Skai to #13k followers. She is the real Skai. SWEAR!!!!!!!!!
Bout to help my friend get his music out there! :)
Courtliness of manner
So excited to meet some of my Twitter colleagues at #CALIcon12 in San Diego! It's my first conference.
they would actually cancel the show for you
Not yet but we're pretty sure we know where she is. She just can't stay off the internet...
great background on your twitter! is it kozyndan?
YAY! Glad you're working on Grease! You're awesome :o)
yesterday's workout was mild..but, still had 30 min of cardio plus weights..tomorrow going to try and pump it up!!
You have the power to change your world by changing what you say when you talk to mind.
yes! getting out of work early. vacation is just about to begin.
Today when I woke up, there was a spider on the ceiling. Directly above my face. Ew.
McLean Cty Museum found out visitors gave up on YouTube videos (via QR code) if there was too much buffering. So edit down.
Thanks for the follow.
It really is a fantastic exhibit, beautiful and ethereal. I saw it last weekend and was very impressed!
SAFETY TIP #1: Always watch when you're walking down stairs.
RT A Word for Prayerful Reflection: TENDERNESS
Do you love me? Are you playing those love games with me?
What God wants from us is our thanks, praise, trust, and obedience. Not to be afraid of Him. ~itsjustme
omg i love ur tweets!
Maybe because all my friends(from Milwaukee) are doing something with their lives I dont see the negative Milwaukee stereotypes....
Law n order svu is my shit
come out to Playhouse house night. Chris&Dave's list
Lets connect
Braun was terrible. Hence him being an outfielder now. And green is about to be the 1b of the future
re: extreme home hammock. // Veto.
Bootycalls gone bad, im marketing that shit
- thanks for the shout out!
“The true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.”
my sister just don't understand... I hope u just don't end up like some of these hoes I kno...
That nerve racking moment while you wait for the system to boot up after a HUGE system update in Arch Linux.
I might just pee here and continue to sleep till the end of time. Somebody's got to!
Casting notice 4 TV: Can't have agent. Darn, pays 700-1000. Hate to drop agent 4 1 job but it's legit (notice says so).
Apologies, Davy, had circumstances been different, you may have gotten a more enthusiastic welcome.
If I gotta boo thang den I know 's ain't that far away. #ourlifesarethatintertwind (spelling haha) but u know what I mean
I feel there might be in my future too. Om nom nom.
be careful, I have a lot of Gaskins' to pick from. “: Whatever! Tracy is so my favorite Horvath now! :P”
Brett Favre to Carolina...??? Are you kidding me????
quote of the day: "facebook is turning into a gang-banging street corner"
We love you, boss! Thanks for everything. Now bigger, better things!
Just got the new Twitter layout on my channel page... I cannot describe in words how annoying this is to me.
takeaways from today - Do More. Fail More. Build Systems. Faster.
no problem my email is
Uptown Anthem-NBN-- Wish you was in the studio with me were having old school jam session:) whats your #1 old school jam???RT
Castro celebrity. RT : Porn star is just a fancy word for San Francisco celebrity.
most likely. Haven't been there in a while so can't say I have any specific recommends, but I'm sure you'll like it
To many ladies in here! Its blinding.
Everything is irritating me
Not a fan of studying; Lord, help me to see your will where I am at
Congrats to our rockstar of the week... ***NICOLE**** Thanks for all your hard work!!!!
Celebs Share New Year ’s Resolutions for 2012! (PHOTOS) Every year, we set New Year ’s resolutions for ourselves. We buy gym membersh
Getting ready to announce (and open up registration for) the next few workshops from Studio Trainer! Any guesses on our locations?
The Orlando Magic is hosting the Boston Celtics tonight at the Amway Center. Buy your game tickets by calling at: 888-493-0004
The DIA is already free for Detroiters on Friday. I don't see any "riff-raff", even though it is open late.
I'm now car-free.
Wishing all the amazing women in my life a very happy Mother's Day!
RT : Spoke w/Semin's agent. He's headed to free agency: "His role at 28 is unacceptable, wants to be a full-time player."
its because of the compression joints of your legs because of gravity. At night they rehabilitate.
Mt lil brother do the most moe he gets me guh
Worth repeating: RUSH BABES "bitch-slap" MEDIA MATTERS on FACEBOOK, in a week !
Everythings about to change tonight. Bring it the fuck onn.
#FF , a faith-based group that believes that a small investment in fighting world hunger can make a big difference.
Just a little while longer to get your name on the #Festivus #prize list. Email to donate.
Thanks for the message. So glad you loved our Towelettes! Be sure to check out our Mineral Shield formula as well! :)
As I explore the new version of Rdio, I'm realizing I have an emotional attachment to the old version.
yay wove you
Shaaaooow RT : -_- no & rather RT : where's Johnny cage when you need him
NEW Items arriving daily. www.leodys.com
If God Blesses nonbelievers ... What do you think he will do to his believers ?
them niggas killed my brother
Also, Para. 11: Thought Freese hit a triple in the 9th, not a double.
Design Tip: It's a great time to change out your throw pillow fabrics to cool colors - blues, greens, whites. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Ok so I hate it when plans switch up. I thought I was about to go blaze & watch these fools play Diablo but I guess not 😒
We love working with you at nkysports.com Give me another good one at 3pm please!
They aren't allocated like IP addresses. The data they represent is coded directly. They're more like names than addresses.
Good morning! On this day we become legendary!
So who's your ALL-TIME fave artist?
some people just want to pick something to bitch about to show everyone they are a "smart baseball guy" make sense? No?
Twitter isn't loading.
#FF our ace online editor, , and welcome her to Twitter!
: Hey TWebb, welcome to twitter! What's up?
Miss Celie from The Color Purple. It would be dramatic and interesting! Maybe there would be some singing :>
:/.. i've never really gotten to talk to Jason...bah.. now i feel sad..
content is no longer the reason to attend #events says we have a ton of content. we go for the people
Also met some new friends at #UMD #studyabroad fair on Wednesday. Go Terps!
got u
who is it?
Live! Work! Play! #COLORADOSPRINGS #Volunteer from home, parks, schools, phone & laptop like me:)
Great classes today!
Kentucky derby in tminus 20 minutes I'm gonna have to take
Learned tonight that one of the kids I used to transport when I drove a special needs school bus passed away, please pray for his family.
who are you screaming for????
Great perspective on keeping information open to democratize it... It's a two way conversation, why would you build a wall?
I know I am in the minority, but I thought the first set was great.
": 23rd spring production has started. Be on the lookout......tracks coming soon."
follow for direct message
“: Breaking: SF Police source says man barricaded inside apt. building in 800 block of Post st. as been shot dead”
Need a Lawyer; or Want one on Hand bc trouble finds you or get pulled over ? You can go here too : www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
Ugh. All is forgiven, then. Any crude responses to that, ?
oh no! D: foes the popping hurt?
Happy Mother's Day!
what about me?
You're very welcome. Sorry I somehow missed doing it earlier.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ??? //
what you talkin about O.o
truly amazing, just like you :)
oh I saw this yesterday! Looked super cool!
recording "winter's wind" and a couple other demos with Jennifer Ann Silverstone on violin.
I love you like crazy girl.
I don't know yet. ": Was there a reason for tabling it? "
good choice. You are so lucky you are tall!! ;) Also bendels usually has gorg dresses in window.
Tonight's the night!
what's the contest? We ♥
haha that took them a lot of hard work!..... In photo shop
The little puppies are so cute!
is being mysterious! #ilikeit ;)
Sometimes you just have to laugh at the things you read on twitter.. people admit to some crazy things lol
My cab driver used a tablet to take my payment and emailed my receipt #high techcabbie
hm. I dunno we need to get our music out there way more before we can do that!!! Would love to though : )
I think that's an excellent idea!
CHRIST IS BORN!
#SOCIALITES #CanaryandCream Edition l Barber & Beauty Evening Soiree l Powered by & Hosted by
RT If you are stoked for festival season.
Once again asking for prayers - Jace is getting his blood count re-checked today.
well alright!!!
where ya at? MIA today?
Drag me to hell...fucked up
It feels like Friday because I have to work tonight.
Even cooler? The back of that kid's head looks like exactly a Chuck Norris performing a judo chop.
You remind me of my chinese friend, Ug Lee ...RT If You get it.
Very annoyed. Thanks to the stranger who alerted me via fb message that there's a random profile using my pictures.
Bahahaha You Two Wern't Losers ;D
A kiss of sweetness to the well balanced broth, perfectly cooked veggies & noodles, & Hong Kong-style roasted chix... Pic next tweet:
Man im ready to go to lunch.
- Happy Birthday TJ! I hope you enjoy your day. Much love & God bless. XoXoX
"Some of my best friends have had pieces of their tonsils left in." 1938nov16 Hahnemann Med School, Board-College Committee meeting minutes
and a new coach!
a federal court in NoCal experimenting with cameras in the courtroom. SoCal? ".. have decided not to pursue it" Irma Gonzalez,
hey,are you lookin for tracks?
3 people love her so. but she can only pick one... -*sighs*- and she hates hurting people.
don't hate. You ain't got it like me
poor planning can sabotage a great idea
Off to Zellerbach for Peter Sellars and Toni Morrison"s "Desdemona," with Mardesich cousins.We shall see!
Overtime live right now CHECK IT OUT!!!
Enrique iglesias concert was insane!! Omg lol loved it !
hehe, i try to carry eckhart tolle's advice and teachings with me everyday. I have a deeper understanding of life thanks to him.
Charles Needs A Charge
I'm so tired
Behold the turtle. He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out.
In Senate, Forby's facility closure bill that strengthens COGFA process, floor. Interesting given discrepancy btwn them & Gov's budget.
To all those doubting whether will win tonight.. check his record.
Just left consultant's toolkit session. Networks, pro bono work to start, find your market. It was good to hear real world examples.
RT : Java is to JavaScript as ham is to hamster.
Don't make me take your life apart boy
Wilshire Blvd. Korean girl who stuffs her face with Cheetos Puffs every morning. Happy Valentine's Day. Saranghae.
It's the cuffs, and not the giant eggs. Got it.
LMAO, YOU FELL!....... Oh shit, you're crying.
I meet this little girly her hair was kinda curly went to her house and bust her out
#J.R. Martinez: Wbat an inspiratio and a great attitude...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
lol I will
3 Exams coming up. 2 Final Project Papers DUE. 1 Powerpoint. 0 time to relax:)
Life for the moment, not memories.
I have to make clear though, everything "Reebok" that I own was given to me from So there.
confused me. Thanks for the help, much appreciated!
you're the best publicist that black Josh Groban can have!
It's the Clippers vs the Predators right?
I got some new underwear yesterday. Well, it was new to me.
thanks Peter!
random dude in my coffee shop travels in downtown Dallas
Play the boss battle music from Megaman to psych my self up? Why would I ever do that?
McMorris? Did he create that from the back of Marcus' jersey?
If we were talking about this in private then why would you go tell her...
You know it! Rise n' grind! ;o)
#digitalindia JSTOR has the highest number of hits at Univ of Delhi - thanks!
Thanks, folks! :-)
Browns win, Ravens win, now Boardwalk!
careful on that B alt 7
On 10 April 1962, Stu Sutcliffe collapsed and was taken to hospital by Kirchherr but he died before the ambulance reached the hospital.
That location looks so peaceful!
Look for echoes. Sometimes the same shape or direction will echo through the picture.
": It's a marathon, not a sprint. #packers #mnf". She made it to 2:30p
I agree, as do I. RT : i needa smoke.
What did YOU think of the President's speech, Gtown Green?
I'm an old school cataloger cos I trace the hints & the check the file.
Catching up on basketball wives. I see why Star is protesting...but can't stop watching.
I'm guessing Apple uses Amazon to host their Apps. iPhone is saying it can't connect to App Store.
BTW our team loves Twilio. Saw your company's API talk at Gluecon earlier this year (we were there as a sponsor).
foUr yoU
" from shoneys i know!! Lol"RT : Getting me a hot fudge cake today
Fuck! RT : Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs -
RT : Who's heading to Bilal Colony, Abbottabad right now?
Cheers! And thank you for your support of #pcbw! I love the badge.
"For A City That Never Sleeps, We Must Admit We Took A Nap" - The Fellow
8flavahz next ok umm.. I don't really feel like them should've been the ones next show I wanted RNG but I don't hate them ok!
RT : *awake* (or at least bipedal), dressed, and ready for #dplawest!!!
Tomorrow's Nostalgicon feature is a gentleman who loves snacks. Care to guess who he is?
I just received a happy future mothers day text...😳
enjoyed The Shift very much. Thank you!!!
Amazing Easter brunch. I type this one-handed, tho. Grabbed skillet handle w/out a mitt after fritatta came out of the oven.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool we have some weird ass people that go here
Shane is dead, can't believe it!!!! Gonna miss him soo much, the group won't be the same without him!
If I Didn’t Leave The Toilet Seat Up Your Life Would Be A Shallow Existence….
Oh, awesome! That's good to hear! Thanks :)
HOWAAAAAD! ARE YOU WEARING YOUR SWEATAAH?! YOU'LL CATCH YOUR DEATH!
Yes, it is.
None of my damn business any fukin way
Mad Anthony & Toadies - SATURDAY at The Mad Hatter
i would NOT be suprised if metta world peace took out his strap in the middle of the game
It really is - and thank you so much for being thought-provoking: RT TYSM (is it Tuesday already?)
Thanks, Addiction. Glad you like the New Rules of Work.
link doesn't take you anywhere. Page no longer available?
Its because I'm extra cool like that. RT Love when hashtags her text messages to me.
I think that every time he does it but I just have a hard time making myself say he's the best lol
Spring break is coming to end, Spring practice is just around the corner...
One free training session at Flo Fusion Fitness can change your life!! Nothing to lose but tons to gain!!! The gift that keeps on giving!!!
Word of the Day 4 #Bellevue gals? Pannekoeken :) c:
ps: hope you don't have that :P loll
It takes 5 "why" questions to get to the real business need in the scoping conversation.
Enjoying Family Fun Day at with and Dakota. This is too awesome!
Each day a little better. Hate missing a weekend of socialize. RT : hope you're feeling better today, man.
Painting walls late into the night. We keep it rolling!
That's something I'd have to pray and fast on.
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.54
did they put crushed peanuts on ur strawberry cheesecake lol wtf? also as an aside i didn't enjoy fat greek, pita bread was awful.
Too much Baskin Robbins rocky road....
no I (Marisa) didn't hack Michael's account!!! He pretended that happened to joke with me...lol
a sleepy day..coffee please?!
off to save sanctuary
Hahahaha Rondo shitted on Aldridge and just walked away
I'm all sad now! I fell asleep while texting him...:/ #HeIsGonnaHateHeForThis!
Dirty Player!!!! Play like a professional.
aye hommie you doing this nerf war shit or no?
has the most followers on #GooglePlus. In case you were wondering
Decided it's a good day to wear jorts to the office.
There was almost a food fight today, but no one had the guts to start throwing more food. And I was going to scream "FLARG!"
I miss seeing :/
: "Good morning! #tgif!!" Back at you!! Hope u have a wonderful day!
"Cognitive training: using brain plasticity to alter circuits. Build resilience through practice. Just like biceps." Dr Insel at
needs some love from his people. 8-|
RT and : I *love* that Google put a tribute to Steve Jobs on google.com with a link to apple.com. Respect.
My phone just got attacked by pings on bbm. LOL.
#dontdoublemyrate College is expensive enough! DO NOT INCREASE TUITION!
RT #SteveJobs portrait for It was a true honor to be asked to do another portrait for Adweek and even more...
Bring on The Amazing Spider-Man and The Dark Knight Rises!
Congratulations, ! Your arrogant attitude has finally driven away this longtime listener.
that's good... Take some medicine to help you feel better and try to sleep it off...
So key. RT : "I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill." ~Edward Appleton
So I guess the answer to "Is Geraldo still alive?" is Yes. Who knew? Ok Geraldo, you can go away now. Seriously.
One year ago today was one of the scariest days of my life as dozens of tornadoes tore through. Day started @ 4:30am w/ tornado siren.
why can't she just want to be comfortable?
It's been an tweetastic afternoon but now I have to finish my 12 page research paper! See you guys Thursday!
well, you're welcome 😊
you ready ?!?! Lets do this!
#sriracha - mouth on fire
#Thatawkwardmoment when your boss from the World Trade Center tells you they have finished re-building and it's time to come back to work.
Happy Resurrection Day!!!!!!!!
i was dishin out the work, when they was tweekin/ now they givin written statements, like they tweetin
"Shit is occuring" this boy is hilarious
Huh, I didn't know. Make sure you put him away when I come over! :P
yeah we ended up getting the original place we looked at! Putting in our notice tomorrow!
Plain and simple, yet so important "Remember: dig your well before you're thirsty. Plan. Be prepared." -
Thanks! We really appreciate that!
DUH,unicorns having sex with food, It Con be in the next Nicki Minaj porno ;)
Perfectly clear warm night out in SoCal, many stars visible in the sky. Big change from Massachusetts last week.
What's up with these tweets
OH: im not doing any flash stuff am i?
Ok, I'll give you that lol, I just like giving you a hard time
Off to a listing appointment in #Greenwood in #NorthSeattle. Wish me luck!
I do weird things...like turn the shower on upstairs & use the bathroom downstairs lol!
For love is the beauty of the soul. St. Augustine
Hey what's up the black slash is cum n soon to rib shack near u
Happy February
will be recording Variety Show #6 Saturday:420 Edition. It's that special time of year when stoners eat doritos in a group
- you still in the studio?
It's always a pleasure at my favorite Back Bay bar. Thanks for having us (& for the twitter love!) // RT : Thanks for coming in!
follow me ???
“: If you agree that Blake Griffin should have his own Nike shoe, what's a good name for his shoe?” The Perkins lol
Goin to the cheesecake factory for mothers day
spent too much money at H & M today!
you text me.
You and me both! Btw, had a question for you. Cool if I shoot an email your way in a bit?
Normal that my math class had no teacher for the first 20 minutes of class today lol
Convincing my pragmatic mind = classic struggle. RT : Don't forget to waste some time today. Your creative mind deserves it!
Why is it that the visualizer on itunes is much better than any light show I've seen at a rock concert?
glad to know you're a futbol fan!!
I just voted for you, Sanchezes have to stick together! Good luck ma!
I believe THE ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN UNDERPANTS was the mainstream birth of graphic novels.
#MoreThanThis trending world wide :) SO EXCITING!
I guess today is Make Loud Personal Calls In Restaurants Day.
go for it suck my dick
that sounds like a perfect ending to a Sunday...eating and relaxing ;) my kind of Sunday!
Oh, I dont accually know because I dont know how to do it because i've had this account before I was an actress ..
This motorcade is making me late! 9th St., NW is f*cked right now.
Do you know what I dont like?........ Liars.
We love baseball season!!!
Up late working some one shot designs. In the workshop early, working these classic lines. Now off to work. I need a life 4real! PO
Cheetos, Twix, and a Dr. Pepper for lunch... Dis sum BS!
[1Thess4:15-17] Our LordChrist shall descend from heaven with a shout & the dead+living in him shall rise together to meet him in the air.
SO TRUE!!!
"It is a political necessity for Black people to be dumb." -Dr. Amos Wilson
Colvin with game winning hit the day Hendry leaves Cubs. Hm.... Payback for being demoted earlier?
Don't forget: Vote early, vote often!
A way to really fix boxing: Take big fights off PPV, negotiate big free-TV deal.
OMG!!! Congrats to ~ she just hit 600+ followers <3 This girl is amazing!!! Follow nowww :]
i know, lmfao Dave is gonna have to hold me down.
Suits = new favorite show #obsessed ... men in suits >>
The most important thing that clarifies how you do things on SM is your mission purpose and goals. -Drapeau
I would but we aren't aloud to if not competition! Stupid rules and plus I'm in the hospital and Idk how to put videos on here
Too cold don't wanna leave bed ! Just gonna stay in and watch wolff blitzer
#3amtweetclub up thinking about some speaking engagements I have coming up........I plan them in my head and then write an outline.
If you're a student or researcher and used BCRW's videos, podcasts or publications in your work this year - please let us know!
Forget it, Jake. It's whinertown.
thanks :) x
Back at ya, Gay
if you do remember him can you retweet me,because that would be awesome! thanks oh and i saw Willie in concert in el paso! great!
be careful, you have precious cargo too :o
I'm just gonna let it go, screw everyone
I'm hungry af
they're old
Yay! We hope you enjoyed it.
Hello Radio 97.9 this is Paul Borges i have a hit Album Street Money on Spotify, if you care to listen to. thank you.
RT : Greg Smith adds to his comments, says he left Goldman Sachs because "it used to be all about the music, man"
Hate to wake up early! Well....
“The truth was obscure, too profound and too pure, to live it you had to explode.” ― Bob Dylan
I never said I haven't lol
had fun - looking forward to CA! xoxo
I would have kept this on the down low normally Now im proud to admit Whitney's I Will Always Love You top 10 best songs ever!!
The guys I work with at my new restaurant are so good looking I just called out intimidated from my shift.
just read a story about Mcclellin and 7th round pick McCoy its just amazing backgrounds these guys have they been thru alot in life.
yes! thank you
Hey Hey So u are up on twitter now :)
Shucks! I'm attmpt and was hoping to be miserable with a fellow girl. I will scream "Mihow's brother?!?!" and see who I can annoy!
Join our Premium Advertising Division and Earn Daily Revenue Share and other income streams. Top Affiliates are earning hundreds and...
Today wasn't a good day for me at all.
I'm not sure I should be feeling this way about this massage chair! But if anyone is looking for me, I'll be at DK nails for a minute!
 You Drive This Girl Crazy With Your Amazing Music!!!
Onion breath.
Mom: he looks like-I don't know what you call it... He looks like he just rolled out of bed... Me: you mean a hipster??
No, not for a few more months. I'll be in DC off and on in the summer. Hopefully more on than off!
#ilovealltimelowbecause they never fail to put a smile on my face. ever.
Great idea!!
Obviously!! RT : dude that is like the worst hospital in the valley.
YAY! Be sure to get me the scoop afterwards. I know you will be terrific :D
Thank you! We want each space to be inviting and comfortable!
What is with all there honor societies?
Hey mister, happy graduation.
School is almost over!!!! Time to go home and run and lift :D
UGH Jason turn your phone on I'm worrying about you :(
Randy & Jason say was 1 in 88. I still think he was one in a million.
it was working fine after that.. but thanks for your support/confidence in me hahaha
even dementors need a day off! They're favorite ice cream flavors? DEATH BY CHOCOLATE and Expecto Pistachio
Selfishness is weakness. But loving and caring for others is a position of power beyond anything we can possibly imagine.
Is today your birthday? 'cuz it's mine too.
Well only about 29 days left tell the Art and The Vineyard art show, I am almost ready... frames should be coming this week.
email ngmoco and they will credit your account
lazy bones
and she didn't leave n take his money... So she a down ass bitch
You should have kissed me (;
51 I love your icon, I just lol'ed so hard.
Thanks 4 the info. I know Q from his jazz work but didn't know he'd done the soundtrack. Amazing.
Robber in Portsmouth, NH leaves behind package claiming it's a bomb! Story at 6 on
Girl!!! I have 'purchased' so many Red Box flicks!
#### B E N N Y * B E N A S S I #### April 17th @ Myst Night Club - Presented by SLE Entertainment and w/ help from AZ PartyLife Productions
Are only some ppl creative or can anyone be part of creative groups w/the right design? That's the #brainstorming debate.
I really would liked to go to 's concert:/but i no have enought money</3!
I thought u were pissd at me I was like what I do
Can someone tell Buzz that it's impossible to go beyond infinity, guy's pretty stupid for an astronaut
Wow, I can actually go outside without a coat. I forgot what that was like.
Great to cross paths digitally. Love the things you are doing at FH these days.
I'd be interested in viewing this, I hope somebody with knowledge replies!
I have been dubbed white chocolate. Because I'm white. And hope to stay that way. Hahah
Off to be an expert at the #womenforhire career expo! Dream big, and do what you love!
30 Hour Famine tomorrow!
follow me back? :D
Those Pauly D star t shirts are the new Ed Hardy shirts
Somebody feed #ladygaga , she is eating during her performance lmao.
Semi-disconnect in order to focus on and its soon to be released status...book cover, sound track, last edits.
now its 102;)
About time I got twitter! #hello people on here
heck ya! That's where it's at! i do too! have an awesome rest of your day Jake!
One of my daughters of the heart, Olufunke, gave me a new name for Mother's Day, Adesina "she who opens the way" I am humbled by your love.
Don't think these people in the middle of nowhere are used to seeing someone with a flatbill and bumpin Slim Thug
Im tired because of the sleepover.....
You're FUCKING WELCOME BOSTON! #RigSoHard!
Where, Iowa?
Mine do. A lot easier in the heavily stationed downtown, though.
her constant smartass remarks have totally turned me against her. I can watch Kathy Griffin for that.
Biggest lie ever told - "I work for the govenment and I am here to help you."
only if he takes Wade Redden as a package deal
#Success doesn't come to you, you go to it. - Marva Collins
I Work Like A Horse, Then Eat Like A Pig !! Lml
Now only 39!
well you could have fooled me you seem like a pro. It takes alot to get me to obesses about stuff but you guys are awesome.
However, there are a few situations in which your student loan may be discharged and your repayment obligation forgiven: 1) You die. [...]
Headed back to SF. NAB was a great time but I'm worn out!
grease lightning is stuck in my head. help me!! haha
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that high school can be really fun, but now it's boring & depressing.
Gaah , Today Was Amazing But I NEED My Jordans . >_>
Omg live so funny
Put down the phone... No tweeting and driving. :)
BIG things in the worx! God's hand clearly placing the bets ... Winning Hand! ;-)
Role at HubSpot: I am a translator of customer needs
lol! Bring it.
love this!
On my way to school.. I hope its a good day!!! I hope I switch from newspaper to Mr. Adams studyhall!!
much love! Do it!!!
Mrs. Nerd told me that earlier today.
it really can get quite exhausting sometimes
what kind of Scotty? Limited? lol
Maybe today will be the day I finally visit Miss Ann for a Ghetto-Burger. Who's with me?
Sweet out, Congrats.
Did you know if you put 2 F150's together you get a F250
Holy crap. Anyone out there know what to do if there is an animal in your ceiling and it sounds like its gonna claw it's way into your room?
Self-praise is for losers. Be a winner. Stand for something. Always have class, and be humble. - John Madden
Mf's who dont keep they weave done irritate me
all of your beliebers want a new teaser !
u're hot.
HEY THUNDER LET'S DO IT TONIGHT. I KNOW YOU "WILL" DO IT. YOU ARE THE BEST.
so good!! Enjoy!!!
Detroiters who have concerns with proposed D-DOT route & schedule changes encouraged to attend Monday 10am meeting at CAYMC 13th Floor.
I Don't Fucks w. Mindless Behavior . Their Music Is SO Dumb .
...conversation. #TheHelp (Thank you!)
Did you know we're in a new place? 714 S 4th Street. The rest remains the same.
Holy gratuitous Beckham! thanks
hahaaha you. would.
Just starting it. Haven't read the previous ones, so we'll see.
back to Miami!!de regreso en miami!!!
"I don't hate you, I just miss the old friend I knew."
"Stay hungry, stay foolish" -
Should or must? :p
whatevaaaa girl! I have something to tell you at lunchh.
Dopamine brain chemical levels determine if a person is a go-getter or a procrastinator according to researchers
Haven't said." Babe" in a while
Our band is best in the state, YOUR ARGUMENT IS INVALID.
#Actors - The more you chase an emotion, the less likely you are to have it. Build the Circumstances around it, BELIEVE and "bait".
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet follow me follow me tweet tweet TRY TO TREND IT PLEASE RT =]
you know you #DoinToMuch when you tryin to come out the house with a mini skirt on and a tank top get real
Tweet me if u want too:)
#TED: "Every object should think about the user, cast that user in a story about that user." this is important for teachers.
lol I'm not turning down Starbucks haha but yeah ill be in my splint for 10 days after then I'll be back to normal
I listen to it all the time jus to get a massage
Good week this week in many ways, what happens this week makes my life extraordinary, will let all my followers know
yep, exactly.still trying to figure out how scot. did NOT win that. Takes EFFORT to lose like that
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy. It is only a button please. I love you.-70
Wow, just hit 7,000! Thanks so much for the support and #share everyone!
I want the weekend!..
Third Annual Chef Geoff Open Foursome Registration Monday, September 19, 2011 at 11:30 am
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
the issue is helping museums and professionals get there. Tech is still foreign and scary to many!
10 minutes to get to class and I'm in a Tim Hortons line that's wrapped around the building twice.
draft chris singleton and then jeremy tyler.
American Idol predictions: Next to go in order: Jacob Lauren Haley Scottie Casey James (winner)
This is me being awake at 4:15 AM and wishing I wasn't.
That was fast - one of our repair techs just let me know that TRON's control issue has been addressed! See you soon!
I don't like being a Notre Dame fan
tis true! If you keep promoting us, we'll def ship you banana bread with strawberry butter ;)
if you lower your caffeine intake that's supposed to help as well. I come from a family of sweaters. Not the clothing.
Remember for this upcoming work week: be the bringer of hope to those around you.
Burn away those winter calories and get ready for summer. Cardio Thai Box class Mondays 6pm
almost 3 months in, and I still haven't gotten into this whole Twitter thing. way too many tweets to keep up with, 160 characters is never
What an amazing opportunity!!! :) Way to get in the Christmas Spirit!
So tired help me....
Bringing back the machine...
Thanks to and for helping us spread the news about the Oklahoma Humanities Awards!
if theres a lesson i have learned if you play with fire you'll get burned
Specyphi would like to thank. Everyone who came out last night WoW packed house and Team BSG. Specyphi what you believe
Congrats to for winning some of favorite tea. We hope you love it #AB17. DM us what kind of tea you want.
Ugly couples that make-out at my school 😍
u lost without me bro <3
The big homie is the truth
People would look so funny without eyebrows.
Brandon Bass is the player Big Baby wishes he was. 20 pts and 11 rebounds so far in just 18 minutes. Big time.
if your tossin and your turnin and you just cant fall asleep, ill sing a song, beside you :) xx
we all be graduating and shit
ON AIR NOW<< Rock of Talk's morning drive with Larry Ahrens live, from 7-8am. Call in with your opinion (505) 265- 1550
I love you, I need you. Nelly I, love you.
Listening to at #acrl2011 talking about environmental interdependance.
Love cooking for all my friends & more
when someone gives you a shout out it means they think u r great! encouraging others 2 follow you. #FF = Follow Friday =-)
thanks for the clarification on the correct "Madison".
Look at his avi!!!! 😂 deadass in the Hospital. Lmao
That's perfectly cool but you know most already presume he's guilty, fair or not. Thus your comment about his jersey.
no worries. was just trying to get our offices more like a 4sq set-up & was hoping to work direct.
Much cooler than yesterday with highs only reaching the upper 50's. Sun will be out in full force, with light winds. Warm temps return Wed
This mane said he woke up on the wrong side of the bed cause i wasnt on the other side -.-
Cant wait for #bigtimesummertour ah.
you and the rest of Ravens nation. It was a great pick
I have no clue what users do on #reddit, but I know that they kind of scare me
Hope like what I got him , its not much but it comes from the heart .....congrats bd !!!
After a wild night like tht it feels good to be home ... to bad I have to take my mom to the train station at 6am -__-
Must have been a big-ass moth! I am afraid of moths!
Its amazing how many super villans have advanced degrees... Graduate school should do a better job of screening those guys!
I kant let the Minds of others stop my Motive an my Ambition ;; I will forever
hey it won't let me DM u back -- what's your email? ill send you over everything tmrw on how to join!
Home sweet home.
pretty sure that anything baked in a tastes better than apron-less baking.
I'm just gonna make a 10 minute song on why I should perform at lol.
Met Chris March yesterday from Project Runway
and 2 dumbass attempts to try and pull off miracle shot. Deserved better, but after past final round duffs, shoulda dropped
a! New twitter handle for the new bride! Love it!
LoLz she has said that in the past. But its usually hard to hear her over the crying.
seriously. fresh air's feed drives me nuts
I just saw a bird with one leg
Vinny better be talking about going to Cali and being on ABDC again or I will die.
Finished paying Bills
Caring, compassion, and a desire to help - the costs of real health care are so small, but the worth is so great.
What makes this guy think that he can graffiti an el car, and none of the passengers will say a word? And why is he right?
Breach can be RGE, Resume generating event for CISO/ISO, whether he or she has direct oversight/responsibility or not.
to who?
It's tourney time for #iubb ! No matter what happens, proud of Crean & team for season. Now let's win some games!
Benihanas with the greek!!! M this sushi is legit.
Traffic is a clusterfuck 28 inbound near the mills
Did you just stroke out?
if he has a 6 dollar haircur, lives with his mother , and drives a shitty car
my dress for graduation is CUTE :)
CNN talking about Gregg Williams and they go to the expert opinion of Jamal Anderson... What? Was Tiki Barber unavailable ?
kirko bangz- play me im jamming dat ol bitch
you can bring your children to public pools without getting thrown out (found that out the hard way)
I'm pretty sure I just laughed my ass off. 😂☺👍
good morning.
My family and I are having a contest of who can draw the best hat
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 21
the problem is all in the slightly smaller jar. I wish they made a 100 pounds jar. They used to make a 10 pound jar.
+2 RT : +1 MT Congrats on the teaching prize!”
happy birthday buddy
Loving today very peaceful..........
im in school right now but imma senior so i dnt have to do shit
Somewhere I can't say it's a secret.
no way! How crazy! Thanks so much! Need to make my way out there to see you ;) Smooches!
sorry we got hacked.
There are no great coaches. There are only good coaches. It is the situations they are in that make them 'great.'
When I wear jeans I can only wear boots with them bc they literally end at my calf
Being a Catholic university, we get Good Friday off, but we have a softball doubleheader. Phoooey!
The company I work for has gone to the other extreme: I don't have the option of getting a paper stub. Luckily I'm ok w/that.
5 Wise Elephants walking. Donate 5 bucks (or 5,000 for the Wise Elephant reward) on this Kickstarter Campaign, ending in 3 days. If...
Redbox sent me a code for $0.50 DVDs this weekend. Not going to post it b/c not sure if it's unique. Check your email to see if you got one!
A friend is someone who knows all about you and loves you just the same.
Love u chachi!! take care! :D
at home?! Lol I dunno!
Grace Michel there are 53 countries in Africa, don't categorize it as the continent of failure.
you are SO right! Everyone has challenges, but successful ppl fig out how to rise to the top in spite of them. U r very inspiring!
that video you just retweeted.... I'm dead.
extra Wild Flag ticket?
Fight on, Brian. Are you an SC alum?
You Know What I Say ; Money Ain't A Thang .
same as , i made it an option, but didn't require. used Flash.
Thank you so much! Your announcements are adorable :-)
ha you're stupid you go from saying he's clutch and you have to give it to him 2 days ago and now you say this... Youre stupid!
Is anyone woke now at 5:30 this morning. I need for someone to touch and agree with me~BAMM.
Happy Anniversary Pastor Janyce Jackson LIT Unity Fellowship Church Newark, NJ!
Anyone else working hard instead of being out partying? :o(
*walks in house Uncle: why are your clothes wet Me: its raining -_- Uncle: so ........
yea I'm fine thanks for your concern. It's just that well I saw her kissing another boy. My enemy and then well ............
John Monahan at #wla12 says there's no such thing as off duty or even retired: there's a constant flow of questions & info.
WatMorCanIsay! SONG OF THE DAY COLD BLOODED By Rick James
Great to hear! Thank you for joining us. “: Service is on point tonight tonight ”
RT : Your mom RT : What's filming in front of Dionysus? VEEP?
1st run on a treadmill lol I just finished a 2.31 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Follow me on twitter
Ditto! : I'm GenX/Y. If your marketing has too much text & doesn't catch my eye w/ imagery, visual layout, I don't read it.
ALL NEW 2 Broke Girls and Mike & Molly tonight!
We actually hung out with you when I was 15. We played a show at the Joint in LA. Small world.
u look nice! I like ur profile pic ^^
RIP Sparky Anderson. Your great teams and coaching talent will always be remembered.
When tweets at me, I get a little bing in my chandler.
While I love the rain, it sure would be nice if everyone didn't freak out while driving in even the slightest drizzle :P
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😚
"The 20th century was about sorting out supply... The 21st century will be about sorting out demand." #pbc12 via
dan savage.
No bow ties in the pics I saw. And it depends on what you consider a beard.
Fight on the bus to start off my day lmao
Some Asian just told me to fuck of... I told him its my country my rules
I haven't but will take a look! “: Agreed! Have you tried Xobni?”
From my Nana: "In your relationship, if you always see to eye-to-eye then one of you is unnecessary."
If you give a little love maybe we can change the world.
I hope you do. I read everyone of your posts. You are special. You will make something of your life.
Please call our 866 # to give us that feedback. And thanks for making our car-sharing community a great one!
New salon new location More services Spray tanning , eyelash extensions, hair extensions ,hair systems, nails 517 Broadway, Everett
Walking faster, dressing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
#indy #news..superbowl trash clean up? Come at least try
What are some of your favorite weeknight dinners to make? Something healthy the whole family will eat?
Everything starts with an idea - nurture your
Attention all medallion hutners... please do not dig in Rice Park....
congrats on finishing Boston in this heat. And for fundraising for children's hospital.
when i run out of things to tweet i look around for pointless things to retweet then i try to find the deep meaning behind them
Us slutty sell-outs SHALL RETURN!
SDG&E presents a check for $71,340 check to the El Cajon City Council for leadership in energy efficient building 4 the new police station
RT if you are ready for the warm weather --- March is on the horizon!
Watching Intervention before bed is a bad idea...
#oomf sleeps like a maniac .. I got 0 sleep last night oh and he made me late to work too.. smdh !
GRAMMY event tonight can't wait to hear all about it!
so true! enjoy the day / i'm holding foucault at bay.
Physically and mentally tired, exhausted and only God knows what else.
Why hello Bolt Bus, haven't seen you in a while.
CHANCE! Enter to win a FREE Catered Party! (a $325 value). Enter to win @ www.PatricksCatering.com
okay im back lol :)
As an exercise just classified all things I do regularly at work--amazing how technology, organization, planning all bleed together now.
that was your choice tho .
Beastly was so awsume! :D
Dinner done.... Losing steam. So what's on tv tonight?
Right on! RT : which SD radio station interrupted regular programming to play nothing but the beastie boys ALL weekend?
why are the jets flying at this hour?? -.-
": stock going super low" time is money
DNS Changer Malware: FBI Warns of Internet Service Loss in July - Midsize Insider
. Lame. Perry is asleep. Perfect if you're playing drinking games, though.
SOO not feeling well today- achy, cold, exhausted... 😷
It is in an asynchronous place where we can learn and grow -- the Virtual Learning Community.
When it's on I can never get things accomplished... RT : Law&Order is a very addictive show. I love it
"You see things; and you say, "Why?" But I dream things that never were; and I say, "Why not?"- George Bernard Shaw
On my way to LALA Land. Shooting Cat with M Model Management.
Hey hun :) I love it here :) Having so much fun :) Sorryfor the late reply but I don't realy have internet access :P x
Just saw ur episode of '90210'. Great job!! Do I smell an Emmy?
He just keeps getting better...Damn ...
Happy Hump Day everyone! Make it GREAT!
In the night I hear him talk the coldest story ever told.
Happy memories, indeed! :) xoxo
Hate when I feel something is not right but I keep on doing it and at the end I tell myself I knew it wasn't right
I'm gonna hold u to that lol I need a new car lol ur buying
fortunately for you, that may be one of life's few black and white issues
Thank you! We are glad to be here nestled in good company.
Hello Twitter peeps! Glad to join you! Shimmy on over to our #Facebook & #YouTube pages. We would love to connect with you!
thanks man
That is so cool Chuck. Excellent work. Kim Bogin
Guy Fieri wears flip-flops in the kitchen, because of course.
YOU ARE FUCKING BEAUTIFUL OKAY!
RT : "Chase your dreams" brb i'm going to go run after Cody in the street.
Ur rant about not paying athletes was bad. U gave ur listeners the US Govt treatment: Lies, misdirection, and 1 size fits all.
The song "Beautiful Soul" is what started it all for Austin on ShootUsDown! RT if you're so proud of him. ♥
Rep., are so DESPERATE they would vote for a NON CONVICTION,NO CORE having CARDBOARD like
entertainer songwriter singer performing at Market Creek Plaza July 30th, 9 - 1pm come check her out!
thank you kee
i like how chicago came in and 'saved' LA's coffee scene. & i do enjoy cafecito organico & cafe de leche (close to mi casa)
laying down
Wondering how they found photos of Rashida's family.
I think my account is in Twitter Jail!
Thank you for following. See you this year
I think I fixed it - it was a security question I was getting wrong. Thanks for replying, though.
Is it a new #Castle tonight? Hope so!
The scoring champ, the leading shot blocker, sixth man of the year and a top 5 point guard. SWEEP
Thanks for the follow...
Not at all lol, thank you for watching me I appreciate it :)
funny t shirts
Come say hello to the Band when you are there.
remind me how Hirsch turned out....
#Obama2012slogans Let's makes the social issues major so people won't think about the job I did on the economy
did I reply to your last email? I can't remember
The acquisition of new clients is much harder than getting additional business from existing clients. Look at your partners' roster first
dude is it to much to say CHRISTMAS you have alot of followers that our the future of this country and look up to you
My library had a 400% increase in ebook checkouts over the past year
paige hemmis from ABC's Extreme Makeover "Home Edition" on air right now at www.1067KISSFM.com
I want to go see The Lucky One again.
What do you think about the issue of student debt?
Awesome RT : 4 more to go for 4K. Next 4 new followers will pay only $4 for up to $10 fare. RT please. #deal Thank you all. :)
I have six people to teach the art of story and character development to, tonight.
Hey Canucks there's this little thing called defense. You might want to try playing it. Geez ya look like pee-wees out there
Who would win in a fight, Taj Gibson or Danny Granger??
yep yep.
lightning & thunder spotted/hearded! Im a storm chaser, while laying on my couch.
Been on the phone with tech support for forty five minutes. Having problems turning my swag on today, goddamn discount swag machine!
O noes! Feel better! MT : Wretchedly sick+sad to miss #HHAwards tonight. No drinks or drama for me. Basically, a sad wretch.
there goes my weekend! ; )
Analyst: Apple sold 33 million iPhones last quarter: Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster says that Apple likely sold about 12 million ...
i can't wait until winter . (:
I like that you telling Cris Cyborg. That she has a dick, Shemale Brazilian dick!!!
Oh u can't be a guy and pass up Rocky!
Surf n turf Saturday! 8 oz Grilled filet, butter roasted king crab legs.
Going to sleep night.<3
what's the best time to visit? We're thinking in the spring. Do you live in Paris?
That's awesome! I can't believe he was all for it!?
Swish, Im Swimmin Ina Yellow Bitch.
Racking my IPA to secondary onto Cascade dry hops. Definitely NOT going for subtle!
who knows what's going on at 2 a.m. with the sirens and helicopters over Corte Madera and San Rafael?
i'm so glad that asian douche didn't win season 2 ahaha
Idek how many times i get yelled at at work lmfao.
Just filed our FEC report.. no DEBT, no LOANS, and raised another $50k today!
I love Scalzi's work and the Last Colony is easily one of his best! Glad to see it get a mention.
Im sorry, but longer games on Operation Metro are not incentives for me to play again nor are close quarter maps...
preparing for a fantasy football draft reminds me of christmas shopping: lots of work for one of the best times of the year!
on twitter tonight I will consult doctor and next statement about him will come from him. Where did spedulation come from?
#teamcancer could be a few things
#RelationshipsEndBecause people are too complicated. Life is not more than too love and be loved. Life things other than html code and war.
More tonight. My triceps are still sore from Sunday :(
everyone follow really inspired me to become a musician and got me into blind melon as well!!!
I'm watching on justintv, just saying though
Yep going to go thru them this week for you guys
For most of us life in some way is a fight! But, In Christ it's a no losing battle. You win!
you are so welcome! My privilege to be there!
#blah :p
I'd be more a fan of "Fresh Hell" if it didn't have that guy in it ... you know, the one who had "the incident".
He has one fine ass hottie lamotie with the swimmers body. #GodDamn he got it goin on #RightThurr (;
I can't wait for the new episode of Swamp People tonight. Don't judge me.
We have 1 food truck confirmed but looking for another 1-2. Any Bmore food trucks interested?
NEW SEGMENT! Favorite person of the day! And the award goes to...... for being insanely talented and cute to boot!
Relationships fail because you're too busy pointing out each others mistakes and not enough time loving one another.
Trying to figure out what is going on with North Korea. Keep finding headlines but no articles. Frustrating.
Lining up my East Coast tour of old NE whaling towns for research on my next book. Any suggestions?
Officially 4 weeks til school is out
awwh, he's so cute <3
I hate the new Slatest. It's now opinion pieces, instead of great summaries of top news & most important underreported stories.
Busy trying to block out the quality pitching tonight. Let's groove fastballs to Pujols and see what happens! Good plan!
Congrats to - you'll be seeing for FREE tonight! See you in a few hours! On the list as Alex Stahlman -
yes...omg
Dispatches from VR - Downloading Mass Effect 3 demo.
wowzers. gee, i'd never dye my hair. i luv being blonde
I'm team #IShouldBeKnockedOutRightNow lol But I see you! You HUSTLIN' this summer!!! $$$
W.ChadTheBailGuy.com I love helping people. No one beats me!!! I am the guy.
Communiticating with spirits.
Looking forward to my guitar lesson tonight - twang!
that too. They are just a perfect team right now. Good for them.
so tired...long day....
“: Time for my last class & final” Good luck hun
to wake up & see my favorite DJ of all time following me on twitter, maybe my greatest Birthday gift ever! God is Good!!!
Please go to my site www.normanrayfitts.com and click on "The Sentinel" and let me know what you think of the cover for the book. Thanks
Now has become unaffiliated with Comprehensive Pain Management who give no forwarding information.
volunteers and speakers be sure to check your email for ticket info!
Today is a new day!
yeah and it so often these days it seems to be mine ;-)
It's a beautiful language.
In four hours I'll have 25,000 hours of sobriety. That sounds crazier than it actually feels.
Happy new yr
What a great Christmas this will be being able to watch the first game of the 2011 2012 nba season.
who wants a follow back??
Remember: The duller the ax the harder the work; Use your head: The more brains, the less muscle. -Solomon
Thanks for following, fellow #sagaftramerger supporters: and !!!
Worse that a woman getting ready, huh?? LOL Hope you both have a great day!! :)
Really am not in the mood to work tonight. Need to spend the next 16 minutes gearing myself for a busy shift
Your account has been hacked, I'd change your password and such
Great game, Bucky!!!
I'm hunting jobs tonight. All the jobs I want seem to be in New York.
thanks to my new followers and and .... i hope i will empower you as much as you empower me..
did you cheer when I was announced? Of course you did, right? 😉
The Good Wife pilot -> "Put on nice clothes and make-up...not for court, for yourself. You'll feel better." !!
are you and eve dating again
#brewers insider joins us NOW! SportsRadio
yep; definitely think you voided your warranty.
tweeting and driving is not safe.. Scared now haha.
We'll be closing around 6pm to put in our bigger and better trailer. Come grab some food before then. Look out for the trailer tomorrow!
ran 6 miles today... marathon training week 4 = now!
Let the moves you make today benefit your future..
says if you make reputation pts either too easy or too difficult to obtain in gamified community, ppl will disengage
Live life laugh often love alwayz
the boys need to have a live chat soon!
No answer, I'm bout to say Fuck it
Cleaning my room, and doing homework. It's going to be a long day. Kinda wish it was Friday.
RT : Dear republicans, I would NOT rather be poor with the dream of getting rich, than comfortable without it.
#may, why can't you hurry up?
NC, Raise Up? If so, I'm pysched. Brad and I will be there! Friday 6:30pm-Dirty playlist tonight.
nah only you
Perform your long and heavy task with energy treading the path to which Fate has been pleased to call you. ~Alfred Victor Vigny
We wish you luck! Definitely a good goal to set.
And yes, I know its not the real
good news!
Did somebody fart on the heats bench or what?
Samsung: AI software engineers needed in Irvine, CA
RT : If I was Bill O'Riely I'd have a blog called "Bill O'Writes" lol
headphones on, me singing but no music playing! -_- so much for playing music..
I'm on my own tonight and both kids are asleep by 8:20. Booyah!
your hot(:
RT“: Gonna make millions by selling these 'Body By Monsanto' T-Shirts in X-Large.” HA and the shirt can also mutate your cells.
I'm confused by the question: I typically remove that kind of autoformatting for Comp. (across the board)
Vogel says no real update on Collison groin injury. He didn't practice today, but will travel to CLE. Wants 2 b cautious but not 2 cautious.
Why is it that all the Presidents&Canidates that stand for equality get dis-credited,or assinated?,what is a real American?
Sharing chocolate chips & watching #TheGoodWife with
I'm really proud of all of my "friends" that showed their asses on FB today. Really proud.
how have you been though?
she finna get dat cold shoulder 😓💨⛄
(c) but I will forever be a Directioner and Rusher for as long as I live.
Too early!!!
Thank you!
Hold ON to ur Cap Weather
Arm is really sore now
4 chances to see what some are calling the most controversial show in Hollywood! We're PG-13! For realsies. www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
sounds like a plan.
Its goin down in
yes, clearly i suck. HOWEVER, do you ever go in the mornings before work?
Let's go Latos!
: "I feel like it's morning and I'm all awake and alert... but I know it's not true."
RT : We're looking forward to working with our volunteers from for Baird Gives Back week!
That you God for another day, week
glad to hear it. Let me know if you need a rubric. Good luck!!!!!
Would like to get you on Yahoo Sports Radio on Saturday morning at 10:30 Central. Available? Follow & DM me if you are Chris
Mr. Ries talking about cows
Painting a 3rd story room, we’re floors above the rest!
These Nba refs is terrible ...
#chopped Oh Gawd. The chef that never stops talking is back...
love it when you try to save a seat for someone and people move your stuff and sit down.
. The fact that Gossling made the site makes my entire day
So great to see you and Joe and your friends. I always enjoy hearing your laugh during the show!
At 14, I knew I was the nicest dude around/ I gotta make a move, I gotta do this now/ if they don't kno ya dreams, they can't shoot em down
Headed to Shreveport. Beautiful day for a recruiting trip!
Been trying to get in touch with my comai and nothing do I literally have activate my fb to MSG her
Coach Doba is here, Kegel and Derting in route, looking forward to seeing everyone at Great Games in Cougar History tonight
Just got a an email from Wings Over Brookline. Boston, I miss you so.
Got a krazy situation on my hand and I dnt no wat ima do
I'm literally fried.
Procrastination is like masturbation...it feels great until you realize you fucked yourself.
Ezells after basketball at the garfield community center. Yep
what happened to the Spurs?!
11 more pages to actually write then its just putting things together :) 23 page paper in the bag!
good system u got in yeckel
Good luck with the Mifflin crowds today.
No. Going now.
Thank God for blessing me with outlook on life that i have. This world is my oyster!
Your site wouldn't let me contact you. DM me your e-mail. We need to talk about Perfect Wordz immediately
It's Taco Tuesday! We're doing up pork tacos this week and burritos too if you're in a Mexicano mood.
That's Proust, right?
LOL, I understood what you meant :)
"Beautiful earrings...was worried that 10K weight would be too heavy but not so" - Susan from Toronto, Canada
This movie im watching is in french what the ffuck
Dery From jakarta RT : my word who is this?
I have kept a much less faithful journal since I started publishing books. That's one thing I want to change. I have a lot left to learn.
Anthropologie should open a store that caters to guys like me: Misanthropologie.
I would of bet you everything i owned that you would of never heard the word jagjaguwar on the Grammys before tonight. I was wrong
“See them tonight. Beautiful. : I love them! I saw them open for last year. They were incredible. :)”
“: #EverybodyHasThatFriend that only gets called by his nickname...and calling them by their real name sounds weird.”
I hope that #DerrickRose is okay, but if what they are saying is true, the #ChicagoBulls are in big trouble.
Let me kno when u need that intv...
Wow, thunder. Startled me a bit! Yeah, rain!!!
Sorry I haven't been on in a while been working a lot lately. How's everyone enjoying the new year?
Truly the democratization of Wall Street, No?
will be in Vegas Friday! But, Coachella officially puts me in the jealous range. You taking passengers? hahaha
#WorkSmarter RT : Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin renouncing US citizenship to skirt taxes on IPO
“: We're back in Nashville and ready to go to work. #wingsin7 #believe”
hahaha oh no... I bet those are so embarrassing
Why the f*ck is "Don't trust the B---- in apartment 23" on TV?
So holla at me if you have an event coming up and need a Jewish ordained clergy member! Weddings, funerals, etc
this will manifest if the LORD see fit. I believe in my heart this is so, that's why it's been a long time but I'm back Fo-Sho
I'm covering news tomorrow on the new 92.3 FM in East Tennessee. Let me know if you hear of anything going on tonight!
Thanks for the RT. Just noticed it.
Love Andy North's analysis at the Masters. Best in the business.
I Dont care How Comfortable Crocs Are, You Look Like A
So one of those 'Big Peanut' bastards drives a Sentra?
that chair slipped. The sweat on Coach Knight's hands made it hard to hold on to as he spun it around to sit in.
RT“ #Pisces never looks down on others , they are to humble.”
check ur email wen u get a chance
I can work with that! Can't wait to see you!!!
Research paper is done, and now i can breath!!!
and FACEBOOK Ceo on #Oprah after the break.
U have that backwards dimwit. Ds plans are unsustainable! Stop spinning ur crap & get on board to get USA FISCAL House in order
Fellowship Night starts at 6pm tomorrow...Hope to see you here!!
On some typical procrastinator garbage, I neglected to pay my cell phone bill, so it's off. Ya'll try me tomorrow after, like 11 am...
true....but it's ALWAYS good to be a #Yankees fan!! :)
HA! Good visual!
Do all you can to make your dreams come true. ~ Joel Osteen
what a lavish lifestyle u lead for a student. Clearly I need to find a sugar mama who can foot the bill
ohmygod, it's not coming back!!!!???? I thought it had a built in audience?????
Spring is nearly here, and you know what that means... shorts, tank tops, and bare legs! Call us to schedule a hair removal appointment!
Great weekend #NYTtravelshow! Thanks to all. Now let's get out & promote more #bicycle #tours!
Road Quote of the Day: "Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and celebrate the journey." - Fitzhugh Mullan
Sounds like a recipe for a great date! can host us! :)
Logan "" Morrison in the 5-spot tonight.
awesome! Very excited! iTunes?
I'm moving back in 15 days DID YOU MISS ME FAG?
Narrowly avoided enacting a tired cinematic trope at lunch today. Eating alone with a book is absolutely fraught.
I should be outta here by......6:50....I guess.
Life has thrown a lot of punches at me but for once I feel really good of where I'm at in life and of what God has blessed me with.
Going to see Gungor and the Brilliance with tonight!
for the 3rd time, right? :-)
If I ever come up with anything I deem funny enough! Thanks for the promotion offer...I will definitely take you up on that!
Time for Eva!
Colt Knost is a fat fuck
Take pride in how far you have come, and have faith in how far you can go. ~Christian Larson
Bravo to person of the year: the Protester!!
you guys are gonna rock this thing...Tampa is behind you for the win...enjoy the ride
I'm going to go into the tornado and watch my ass get blown all the way back to Cambodia!
I'll make it if at all I can!
Giants got lucky, ridiculous for Falcons not to go for it
Sir, Alexandra of Denmark has been the Princess of Wales since she married Albert Edward eighteen years ago in 1863!
Another good double day, back at the grind in the a.m. tomorrow...
I so look forward to meeting you young lady!
Got things to do and people to see? Power up your day with breakfast from the Space Room Lounge.
What the devil happened to you?!?! We need better security. You should have sicked Bella on him.
So far... It's an amazing day! Happy #FF to you! RT : Who's feelin' lucky today?
what gave it away? Too enthusiastic?
we need a 3 week :)
Will seriously cry tears of joy if there is a FRQ about the Scientific Revolution.
#SHOUTOUT to she follows back people!! Helpp her gain followers please. :)
Wow okay you tell them!!! All OLAY and shiiiittt :)
I’m entering to win $595 worth of eco-swag from and and you can, too! bit.ly/winlovingeco
Times like this I miss being in a relationship and having someone there for you...
Not shocked RT : Mayor Barrett getting booed at the Great Dane on the Ed Show. Ouch.
Loitering at my traditional West Philly spot where I would meet Jordon. Alas, mais où sont les d'antan?
Oh ya made Elaise who def sucks Dick STFU IT'S ABOUT TIME!! LMAO SNEAK ATTACKS don't matter when sum1 is always jumping ppl
We need more #followers - more #DC people who love #dance! Let all your friends know -
How yu a manager nd I end up beating you to work? Man they
Reality Check: The Buffett Rule | The Aquarian Weekly
lol, I don't think it's in the tiles for me!
How sad is it that I have to decide whether to pay for car insurance or buy 12 razors to shave my face.
I'd love to pick your brain for a sec. R u still around?
are girls really wearing their prom dresses tomorrow?!
I love the name Jett!!:) it is so good! Prom is tomorrow! Yeh you have all the J names..then there Sonny and Charlie..
hah, haters gonna hate!
do u like the original version of love like woe or the version u sing now better
hi! miss you! when will you be home? xx
Tweeting feels suspiciously like texting. IDK, my BFF Jill.
then i tell that bitch to keep sucking on my shiiit
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He's such a good guy, I am willing to give him credit for Bush's accomplishments.
Not even then???!
and thank you both for the mentions!
HEY IM SO SORRY U R GETTING ALL THIS CRAP FROM
Going to the Winter Gift & Home Accessories show all weekend to look for teapots, teacups, tea strainers, tea infusers and other teaware!
Seeing the Lovely Bones before everyone else!
What restaurants would you like to sample on February 24? Suggestions welcome!
so wrecks are homeruns and touchdowns?
That could be me. Send me the link bro!
Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac who stays up all night wondering if there really is a Dog?
