not a chance... The #Packers are coming off a loss, and going against a new QB. Bears get crushed. 34-14.
ya better keep yuh mouth shut
Attitudes are more important than facts. -Karl A. Menninger
Wow I guess I went to 300 miles in the last day..... wow
Officially planting my life flag...i am nate ruffin!!!
#Occupy Boston raided on Human Rights Day. #Spirituality test is torn down.
Thirds music from freshman year on the radio during my host mamá's 60 something birthday fiesta
some run keeper?
Tell those cool #TEDsters to say hello on Twitter. Big fan here. I think I've personally watched over 300
I still think they're ok but damn, like they just said time is running out here
That's true. It's a little chilly from what I can tell, but still...
>> Hello from the USA... I follow you with Pleasure.. ;) <<
Thanks - hi to you as well!
no info on how to enter the contest? I'll reply with a guess of 59. Hope it's #betterthanmost!
A jury consists of twelve people who determine which client has the better lawyer - Robert Frost
UH UN
And we'll never ever ever ever ever leave each other
At the house whats good RT : what's gud
I made it too easy for you
Music Lovers!!! Salena Gomez is performing live in West Hollywood next month. Its time you get your tickets now by calling us: 888-493-0004
What #bigchange would you expect if Big Show were your governor?
Hello everyone!
I need info on Ronnie Hillman. Looks really fast, really small. Good articles anywhere?
I'm gonna win
Quickly realizing that next semester is going to be more work than this one.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you are separated but not divorced yet, your income is still community property so it's not all yours.
I Hope The Information I Just Got ain't true!:'(
I'm sleepy. #bedtime 
Wow ! Jolene is one of my fav songs of all time - loved your version! full of emotion.
#ProdMgmt friends > Any ideas 4 good reads & sources on Product Management for Mobile Solutions?
Ed Sheeran. Triple platinum album. Best male solo artist Brit winner. I love you.
THIS SUNDAY AT HANGAR 84 TICKETS ARE 12 BUCKS
In the studio with Kilo Ali, working on his comeback, just wait- its banging
ready for something new.
The Bears knew about Brandon Marshall punching a woman and still traded for him? Is Chris Brown the Bears owner?
"help i have fallen , and cannot get up"
I'd try to be responsible if won the lottery, Tax attny first, endow , ,and family. Buy Red Key?
Did your kids destroy the house this summer? Now that there out of your hair let us fix it up with a new paint job! Free estimates
Welcome future Hoyas! Come out to Healy steps at 5 TONIGHT to hear us perform with , , and !
#WorldMusic #Beatles #NaNaNaNaNaNaYouSayit'sYourBirthday well happy birthday to you ;-)
HEY can you send a link ===> see the business section of the today featuring Chef Miguel Valdez
On #WNST1570 & #WNST.net: #Orioles Chris Davis needs a triple for the cycle vs. #Yankees tonight.
Kicking off 50 cent beer Power Hour 8-9pm $2 Corona's 9-11pm, top 40 DJ's and No Cover. Amazing Nights at Bisla's!
THANKS to our RT Rock Stars!!!
It's Karl Strauss Keep the Mug Night at Tilted Kilt!
; what the fuck is you laughin' bout back there?! :D
Read to watch do work at the Presidents Cup!!
preds are finding out what happened to tthe Hawks. Theyr throwing everything @ Smith
what kind of stuff do you play? where should I send it?
no problem! Thanks for tweeting. Let me know if you have any suggestions for improvements!
Hey all followers; sorry for the barrage of Target tweets. Feel free to ignore me for the next little while :)
Hill and #gospursgo bounce back from lackluster performance against Memphis to win in Cleveland for win #50- they are first to win 50.
True #SUCCESS and Happiness can not be obtained on credit! It must "Paid in FULL" before you receive it!
RT : German TV reporter asks Romney why he hates Europe. "I love Europe, I love Europe, it's a great place to visit," he said.
Think that's because they know Obama approves of his politics, should he lose? Romney = Obama 2.0
~^^ yeah.... but her lil box that regulates her heart , it's battery is at 35% so she will have to hav a heart operation soon
he's home. Enjoying pizza and pupperonis.
We'll share Nexus news once we have confirmed details.
Absolutely love discovering new talented artists. Probably one of my favorite things about this business!
I was about to say the same about your last tweet regarding it, so we're on the same page, just different books. :)
Thanks so much will do! =)
At work, but mind is still in the world of Conrad Richter's high New Mexico plains in The Sea of Grass.
I would love to get access to your mapping interface for my winter class, if it's available. Maybe collaborate? Let's chat.
I do I'm excited
I love you ♥ Can't wait to see it !!
REVISION: The #OpeningDay planning has begun. #MAMAMONROE all thanks to the one and only #MAMAFREAKINGMONROE!!! XOXO
Mann Js Thinkinq Bout the Future ! My F U T U R E ! ♥ Im Finna Brinq the Heat boy Im tellinq Youu ....
so sick of seeing them with that losing record.
you and me both! Chunky by
I really want to delete that tweet about Jose Canseco in case he dies or something. I don't want his blood on my hands. But WHATEVER. Asjkf
leaving the house ten minutes later than I should = playing a risky game with traffic.
same here
Likewise. Or sneezing.
We need your help! This is for China Spring Elementary to win a playground. What we need you to do is text "Clorox 5704" to 44144
alcohol is the answer.
Sometimes, all a girl wants is for you to fight for her. Make her believe that you may want this relationship more than she does.
I cant wait to see again next month. I'm so excited. It's been way too long since I've seen him. ALMOST A YEAR. Lmfao.
We are proud to have funded BTW's Girls Basketball Team Educational/Cultural Experience for over 5 years! YEAH GRANTEE PARTNERS!!!
We like the fact OSU lost this time in the Superdome! eh all my Hog brethern? Karma Rock Chalk!!
Damn, now that I analyze it... I went too hard this Month, went from one simple thing to 3 hardcore ones. Need to slow my roll... LMAO
i will take it all as a good sign! :-)
#yobitv Thanks to everyone for tuning in to YOBI Live tonight. See you next week, same time same place!
Midterm grades are due today
I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong also. And said "moment" after awkward. This is awkward....
Let's do it. MGMT/Tenacious D
We would love to have you in the bluegrass state!
": When sings about mini corn dogs > lmao"
2/22 at 11- perfect! Swing by your place or meet somewhere in Hampen? i look forward to catching up!
I just read in the faq it stores my data locally. Looks like what I want. Giving it a try! Thanks!
Where in the world is Neil cooperman
Wish I had a bro or sis to call n talk too sucks to b an only child at tymes
tell your mom a happy mother's day from me she is lucky to have you as a son and same with justin and spencer
listening to mixtape download for free!
don't think so. getting a hold of the message is important... I get that. But this seems so ick to me...
Yea she here fam
to think I looked up to you -.-
it was on ABC family but it's over now ha
LOL It's definitely still morning! :-)
Mermaids Dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold check it out at NaLee2010.com
precisely. I'm going to coin a corollary to Godwins law: all complex problems can be reduced to an XKCD comic.
I know! This is why people don't watch tv & wait for DVD. You're afraid to take a risk on watching something that may leave 1/2
I have exact same thing but Murray losing in sweet 16
I'm not naive. I know exceptions are made for athletes. But those ears administrative decisions, unrelated 2 reading instruction
- to hurt us.
Haha so happy
are you tweeting at the altar????
": #bestsub great history class" Glad to be of service, Mr. Tebow, Jr.
QB Vince Young is now a Buffalo Bill
yo, you got a vein that pop out the side of yo face when you rappin'
Check out Brad LIVE on Fox 23 tomorrow at 11AM!
he looked great for the Reds a couple years back, then lost it. I guess he found it again!
#mondays SUCK ASS!
Lol Dallas has changed my cousin . California is all out of her system .
Trying to figure out the difference between Google Docs and Google Drive - it's just more like Dropbox now, right?
Professional Style Cotton Hat ? Adjustable Baseball Cap
Mixtape just reached 15,000 views. Thanx for listening to Ballin Out Of Bounds on datpiff! Thanks for being a fan of my first official tape
I hope I won't be seeing more digs and cracks on Jeremy Lin due to his ethnicity. #linsanity Some tweets sure do reflect bigotry!
thank you :) how was ur test today?
The B3B will be shooting the first episode of "On Tap" today starting at 6:00PM. Let us know if you want to attend the taping.
Random thoughts: Can I not pay my taxes and have the IRS overlook it...like some high-ranking political figures?
I love makeup because it enhances my beauty!! RT if you agree
Thanks, this helps. I am a first time author trying to figure out promotion. Sounds like I should just forget about it.
#GoTribe extra ticket to the tribe game front row 1st base line. who's tryna roll?
If all goes well, I may have a new cat friend for Eleanor by the end of the month!
If you find yourself walking alone, it is likely because you did not stop to help others get back up when they stumbled and fell.......
Thank you Dawn! :-)
if we evolved from monkeys Then why are their still monkeys?!.
wherefore art thou, ?
haha your welcome:) nd iam Devin;) you should dm me sometime if you wanna talk or something:P
just reached 12,000 tweets not too bad....
Nice avi. Looking great! ...miss you. Need a 3 am convo or a text...
Pres. Obama's speech to USCGA grads last May was warm and funny
Of the all the people you meet everyday, it only takes 1 to brighten your way! So tell a person in the morning, GOOD MORNING and mean it!
Its funny how ppl change when they get money,lol bitch its a income tax check,not like u hit the powerball
Just made a fabulous dinner!!!
Sinek @ #kidscreen - telling what you do makes rational connection; telling them why makes emotional connection; often hard to put to words
sorry TJ, but Don Lemon is nicer & better looking.
Said this to and "If it wasn't for the Director, you would have nothing to shoot or produce"!!
": lmaooooooooo you comin to get me fool"hell no you better get a ride with BJ
9/23/09 ASTDRMC Developing Assessments with Mike Bridwell Show your boss or client that training will increase productivity & effectiveness!
(Werner Heisenberg) An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his subject, and how to avoid them.
ha. been there. not done that.
3/23/1789->G.S. Washington:Your judgement with advice of your real friends can point out the manner you may best spend moments of relaxation
Thank me for the run! Changed seats, attitudes! Run baby run!
Do you use QR codes? Which code generator do you use? Thank you
Thru mid-March, local artists will exhibit orig interpretations of classic novel book cover art at the Green Valley Library. Don't miss it!
nah, he's been up since 5 this morning. he deserves some sleep.lol.
For those of you like myself who haven't played Air-Guitar since the 90's.. DO IT! :)
time just goes fast.
Landmark Society exec director on 13 Cataract: "The process played out. We respect that process, & we respect the decision."
THAT PIG....!! SAY THE WORD AUNTY....AND I'LL BITE HIS CHUBBY TOOKHASS....!!
The band is swimming on our day off!
different thing; same stress level activity measuring tool.
indeedily doodily! come get some grub yo :D RT Are you open regular hours today?
go 2 youtube JULOX featuring YOUNG BLEED "PLATNUM WRAP"
#confession I'm in love with myself.
Hey, girl! Miss you too. May's almost here, and that means it's 500 time!
Makes me want to send 3AM text-all: Weather all clear!
Church was great (: #GrowingCloser 🙏
Who are u hearing the rams are getting
give me a sign.
Class canceled...Time to start working on this paper.
Happy birthday.
punnett Tweet me, so I can follow you!
#orangewednesday is starting to take hold. A coworker was disappointed I didn't have orange on. Buying an orange cardi
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Titties"
Cutch's bomb gives the Bucs a 4-2 lead entering the 9th. Hammer Time!
true. Thankfully it's short and the plane came in broken. American Eagle reminds me of cut rate Euro lines
I'm attending Mets games at all three locations. This trip could shape the course of the season.
#resume #tips When you add a new skill on your LinkedIn page, why not put that on your resume somehow? That would be a good resume idea.
gonna watch some movies with my bestfriend . ; text itt darlin's :D
Why is it that Obama supporters havent awkaned to reality that Obama is a pawn and the game is destroy USA? (so is Mitt)
Just let me muthafucking love you.
k thanks boo!
What are you doing today!
Peace can not be compromised
AMC is getting into reality TV. This is the beginning of the end.
aight, im gonna text you...
so sorry I'm missing this! Fuck! Are you guys doing anymore LA shows?
Sorry about that -- dealing with this mess all night. Such a pain!!! I will alert the Twitter people! :)
WELL SORRY I AM NOT KISSING A GIRL LOL HAHA !!
#ThingsICantLiveWithout my iPhone.
aw, sorry!! I had a headache already, and didn't feel like drinking all night! We can go in 7 months! ;)
Yeah, I'm on Long Island. Are you in the city?
Three things that I need more of in my life: 1. Coconut, 2. Avocado, and 3. Cilantro. What are yours?
Sitting through this class is like pulling teeth...
I'm good thx.
What does a Model turn Photographer do when she convinced she is done modeling?GET BAD ASS TAT Yep full tat down entire side of my body woho
And im not even sleepy.... but im hungry
A brilliant light in our world has dimmed RT/ Wangari Maathai: Death of a visionary bbc.in/opect2
We were all pleasantly surprised at the #CNET #CES Best of Show award. It’s exciting to hear about interest!
u didn't go for whole weekend?
Be your beautiful self : ) "You were born an original. Don't die a copy." - John Mason
Looking forward to hearing Gloria Steinem tonight w/ my 13 y.o. daughter.
Okay, so #Community returns. But goes up against #BBT. Then #ParksandRec is on hiatus for a month. NBC, you are LITERALLY killing me.
just chillin. I freaking miss you.
comiendo cereal ha
Adam Lambert's new album is so gay and beautiful. I can't wait to buy a physical copy tomorrow.
Bad blood never dies. Some sins aren't meant to be forgiven or forgotten.
Whip Lounge on Mill Tonight gonna be epic! No Cover Free Shot with every Drink,DJ MYTH Get there early gonna be packed Tonight!Lots of Bdays
This nigga wanna wear the same jeans as me
“God brings forth certain Manifestations…in order that they may be intermediaries between humanity and Himself.” ‘Abdu’l-Bahá
I agreed with Chris Broussard here...
I have officially paid my car off, keep on comin hardwork payoffs I'm ready
Ugh, I don't wanna go back outside. Fuck the sun, I'm a rebel.
I just ate my fortune cookie with the fortune inside. Think I need to sleep.
im going to make a donation to Planned Parenthood in your honor! youre welcome!
Awesome! Congratulations!
Wait did Madison leave the ICONic Boyz? I seen it on a page but I wasn't sure! ~Ashley
Thanks girls! Can't wait to see you all again soon! xo
FoLlOw Me
Super pumped for the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen's Club meeting tomorrow!
hehe ok. I'm more into basketball..it's more fun to watch :)
Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL)-Probationary Engineers and ...
Me too. Your idea is awesome. I can't wait to see it come to life.
She Said my man got TWO jobs *in her Rochelle Voice*
I think u meant "due" but the commentator was saying that teens are so "label driven" they don't know how to be an individual.
After my sixth cup of coffee, I feel like Mario after he gets one of those bouncing, flashing stars
well just don't be killing nobdy lol :)
Are you well versed in jp2k, because if so I have questions.
Happy Chanukah to all our friends celebrating tonight! :)
Cool! Thanks so much, really glad you like it! :)
Just got my phone back! yay! vegas tmrw!! imma get out early out of school ^-^
are u complaining???? Lol
Agreed! FF is the slowest.
she was obviously drunk
Packing...heading to Florida in the morning for a few days. Work + Pleasure, just like always.
Strategic planning saves you time and money.. yes, you need it!
Where all is but dream, reasoning and arguments are of no use, truth and knowledge nothing. John Locke
The best investment one can make for the future is in the education of children - RLB
Thanks to all of yesterday's iSeminar participants! If you have questions about help desk or CampusCoud, please email
Yes, time is relative. My fave kid comment: "You're a writer?" Me: "Yes." He: "Wow! (pause) You must have held a lot of pencils."
who thought California could get any further from Tennessee? Australia is calling your name!
not super lame. Super not tired.
...and she blushed.
Glad to know im easy to forget
cochino! Well it is ur natural self.
and where do u want 2 b?
#Parenthood gets everything right abt parenthood.
Panel Three - what is the future of humans in space? Let us know what you think!
I did some research and came to find out that its a big scam....So please do not join them or try to vote for me/anyone.
Protip: Ladies, your low riding skinny jeans show me as much crack as my plumber does.
Thats game baby! NY Giants all damn day!
RT : Heading to Texas A&M facilities. Looking forward to Tannehill workout. Special skill set, still improving.
RT -- "#ThinkLikeAMan is the #1 MOVIE for the 2nd week in a row twitches, it's at 61million now WOW!!!!"
June 3 I have a bartending comp where I have to beat Ruffin! 9-2 1/2 off all tabs! Bring everyone! Ps did u Facebook delete me
Flowerbomb, Flower Bomb, or Flour Bomb?
I'm tryna unfollow ppl n my iPod won't lemme smh p.s. u don't like lite skin niggaz unfollow me cause if Im unfollowin y'all
Nothing, chilling like always
yes!!! She lands at 2:15 on Friday !
lol true. Also m rumchata. This stuff is delicious (and therefore dangerous) lol
and then hits a guy.
Damn can I get a little time to just fall asleep... lol he forgot again Smh its straight though
Your the root of this problem... Except it
Up up up up
please follow me i adore you <3 :)
Mixx on Brighton Ave = easily the best froyo in the state
TY for the re-tweet (of me twitting your article)! I couldn't have written the article for the reasons for running better. =)
Sometimes I think I have too much patience. I never know when to give up...
The flyer flies are back ^.^
I learned something really important today. Thanks to you both.
lol-you are too kind! Try Birthday #47!
I use to beat myself up about why I couldn't get an agent. I'm talented. Then I get a meeting and he's said... you need more projects.
heck yea it would!!
Bar Fly rocked at Dales last night! We are back at Dales tonight, playing 9pm-1am!!!
Who out there would like to see "Tax Freedom" day be January 1st of every year?
Hearing From That "Long Time No See" Friend>>>
cool! It sure is! :)
If that was to happen, you'd probably win. What's going down? Email with more details.
Haha, doesn't apply here at least, promise.
Just got 2 suits for super cheap at The Limited.
Headin to the Foodie Fest with time to get our #fatkid on!
Check out the Metal Ballerina's new website! www.themetalballerina.com
you did the right thing trying to protect Jr! #TrueLove you can really tell what that man means to you.
Home Depot should change it's name to House Wife Depot.
looks like zucchini walnut
say hi to our new followers , , &
I'm on my way to the Meeting Place to
Heading to CloudCamp soon. your suggestions are duly noted :)
RIP titters  i could so see ur mom right now if she found out u did xWx
Philly made by default tho..cmon now.
Thursday nights are like a once-great, but now, loveless marriage. Please retire `em all.
What an awesome day on set!!! So fun, efficient and professional! SAGe here we come! :-)
Girl crying in the bathroom on a club on NYE. My night is complete!!
probably $.04... just a guess.
all i know is im 190$ richer tonight !
good point I'll have some info in a bit.
The way can simply just scratch my butt & my back 😍 >
the chairs and the tables in the cafeteria and upstairs we put ms fanellis classroom in the hallway and we took out all the
GET ON YOUR FEET.
7 games? Why isn't in fucking jail? If Joe Public threw a bow into someone's head on the street, he'd be arrested.
We don't sell home decore. Our product is a shopping experience its unique, and community oriented.
totally fine...in fact mine is: to not have one!!! and just enjoy the ride...
email or call us to place an order
just went crazy and followed all the real housewives i could from
I thought SOPA was what excited Italians use to wash themselves.
RT : The only power Satan has is the power you give him. Don't let him rob you of the destiny God has for you.
Adele at #Grammys "You had my heart inside your hand And you played it to the beat" girl you are the bees knees!
No tonight?...no problem...like last game no sweat in new jersey..heat nation boy
Why do I shop at #walmart? Are the cheap prices really worth the vague morality and the long lines?
I'm gettin married ben franklin is my best man. lol
“: Mr. Jones: "how good is that tweet anyway, 'still in class...still working'" LOL , , and Israel.” LMAO
..u touched my life yeah 1 day we'll look back we'll smile &we'll laugh But right now we just cry Cause it's so hard to say goodbye..
Hey ATX, know any local tech writers that want to cover a DevOps conference in town next week? Shoot me a message.
If you are upside down, how can we help to get you right side up?
"The. Big. Nasty."
sorry twin :/
#YouWereCuteUntil , you started showing who you really were..
Yeah! All aboard the Friday afternoon bug fix emotional closure train!
Again with the close layups being missed! Hopefully Bill is screaming on the sideline.
Follow Me Back?.
I start my new job on monday, how will it all turn out?
Good luck!
Austin doesn't ever do concerts in LA so I'm really glad he is! IM NOT MISSING IT! EVEN IF I WAS SICK ID STILL GO!!
NIGGAS BITCHESS GETS ON MY DAM NERVES
how low is too low for mobile? We top out at 4% but it's trending up.
Laughing so hard you start crying 
What #soccer coaches say vs. what soccer players hear: WE NEED TO BE MORE CONSISTENT. = You all suck.
Seriously??? *let me go over to YouTube*
RT safe flight mama! I'm cleaning my room right now just for you ha! You're the best mama! See you soon!!
ESPN graphic says Tom Izzo has won two NCAA championships. Well, that's news to me.
I'll be up there to visit when the sculpture is up! ;)
heading home, just got done with my sermon
Great co! RT : A1: I will be interning this summer as a social media intern!
What's more fun than competing in the annual staff baking competition? Returning as a guest judge!
what a good idea - fittingly LA!
I would have stayed up longer with you but I was just so tired lol
I already have the winning ticket. Sorry love
It's easy to go from the simple life to the fast track, but almost impossible to go back the other way.
I love one direction!!!
SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT HBN – pls retweet our updates – exciting/wonderful things are happening & we want 2 share w/ EVERY1 – God Bless You
If you have $176M, you can buy yourself the winning #megamillion ticket
If you are as tall as I am, you should not be trick or treating!
Isn't that the job description ?
Know that emptiness is an illusion. No matter how much you have suffered, your soul sees you as whole.
Serie was just asked to be in a commercial with a speaking line. They tape it Fri. after school.
All emails have been sent! Make sure to check your inbox for today's awesome deals!
#NowWatching and Ferris State in the #FrozenFour semifinals. Close, competitive game. I love college hockey! Go #ECAC!
Love is the ability & willingness to allow those that u care 4 2b what they choose 4 themselves without any insistence that they satisfy u
they can't even do that, Luck ain't there lol maybe they can play on Larry Bird's farm?
awkward lunch with administrators tomorrow. Have to talk and eat in front of grown-ups.
that's not funny
You're very welcome and glad you did. :)
I didn't know #weatherfordwednesday was a thing. It may be better than humpday!
Sadly I won't be able to make the World Domination Summit as Planned. Who needs a ticket? Message me!
What a fun concept for an article! I now feel prepared for any and all last-minute WH invites
Thanks for the mention, Grace! Hope you enjoyed the movie!
I hope you're having a good week(:
thank-you for the follow.
Poor Getz. What a lesson in humiliation.
um girl text me. Lol and why would you be thinking that. Lol ;)
Sure! I have to check in with family about plans but will let you know. Is there a time that is better?
Yuck. Can we bring out Skip Hicks for the 2nd half?
Crying as I look through Terry Richardson’s tumblr.
2011 is when I became what I wanted to be when I grew up. Well, technically I wanted to be a storybook CHARACTER, but potatoes potatos.
Mind Eraser. What's your favorite NOT in denver?
Tomorrow after the play >>> today
you better
adair is the first girl to hurt me physically
Thanks to those who stopped by Dougherty's Pub last night for our Pre-St. Patty's Day happy hour. Have a pic to share? Send it our way!
'Cause they're so dumb. I'm gonna be mad if I went & they don't even hire a student.
Now playing Roy Ayers "Love from the Sun"
that would be awful!
Oh my God someone deliver me Pinkberry.
Thanks for all of the #FF yesterday. A late back at you
Your name does add value. I will now begin to mention your name in every tweet - regardless of the context. ;-)
Thinking is annoying!
#TheBigBangTheory, you don't like it? That's fine (: but i do.
Sugar & coffee products from Africa that could increase Italy’s productive energy; Italian PR to connect patriotism to banana eating.
Holy shitballz, the badge pickup line at #SXSW is like 10 MILES LONG
where's all this hate coming from?
Whew... Never had a convo and it was the wrong person... only during an IM.... LOL now that sucks!
Sick as a dog with an important job interview tomorrow. Theraflu please help me now!
Excited for the Baltimore Running Festival tomorrow!
itss not working im on sum kind of follow limit.
Sharks in double OT!
that made me LOL!!
I think he may have also used it for a recent Creole-style Catfish special he ran, but I'm not 100% sure. Will have to check!
Shopping day today.
Looking forward to playing guitar with Mike Bram tonight in Greenwich, CT at the Beach House Cafe.
but I wonder why fellow players would vote based on popularity?
;) Now I definitely gotta try a Cali gal
#oomf Get Her Ass In EVERYBODY'S Relationship .
Anderson it is a prank... and the lawyers are making it more than it is.
thanks for the #FF :)
is a meanie!!!
RT : About to get tequila drunk with and #winning #tigerblood<---yessiirrr
Why do ppl still support Chris Brown shii?? We act like some stuff never happened smh.
Now I know why every1 was saying,u hammerhead 2,4,that&that added,like jordan for 2,
nothing watching a movie with my cousin (;
Joe Pantoliano: Addict, alcoholic, 'maniac!' - Metromix New York
karissaTHESINGa if you liked the ema's
I Love Watching Dr.Phil
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car.
& thanks 4the LUV! & will be Taking over THIS Wed 11/23 for One Night ONLY!
#happyfriday celebrate the #weekend by getting at great #deal at www.dealshow.com starting at 6pm tonight!
Catch-22 SOLVED: I'm not too crazy to apply for SSI, but I still got it because I'm crazy. And that's Catch-23.
damn. It's done. No Curly W tonight. But at least they had to earn it.
M thanks giving break swag ha so exited
Gorgeous Saturday!
“: Service update: No weather-related reroutes at this time.” My #146 just skipped LSD and is now on Sheridan
I can't believe how many opportunities God has been giving me this year to play music; music with great musicians!
#spreadthepeace all day Baby!!
#Justin Drew Bieber Rocks Lol *Peaches Babiie*
Just finished listening to kiss and tell by JB i wish he would kiss me i would so NOT tell lol ;P
one of those days that feels like anything is possible.
RT Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.~Martin Luther King Jr.
If Romney goes around this week bragging about "winning" Iowa, he will look foolish and hurt himself in NH.
i can understand that. i bet you hated me that one day when i retweeted like 25 of them haha
yeahh Austin&Alex answer Us! Whyy are y'all so sexyy.?!?! Lolol
yessir!!! u still there?
watching dwele perform and he's got the whole audience singing.
Follow He's the best A&R in the game and Co-owner of Worldstarhiphop!
Today from 2-5 pm, the opening of "Il Circo" ("The Circus") created by Staten Island artist Larry DiSalvo.
Don't judge people and call them things they're not.
[♫SONG OF THE DAY♫] "Rock Me In" - Britney Spears
My research on 60s style hairdos has left me with no ideas but a strong urge to wear liquid liner
Son im childish kmsl
He has got to use it before he looses it!
If anything is used to its full potential, it will break.
I'm Pretty bummed I cant get an autograph from today cuz Im goin to the SSH Luncheon at Noon
I wish there was a recess in high school. I really do.
Wow what a night! Thank you so much to everyone who came out to our concert tonight. We are overwhelmed and humbled by your support.
March has officially become my favorite month! Can't wait till nxt wknd! Ohh & the wknd after that!
i love you
Whoever think they words affect me is too stupid...and if you can do it better than me then you do it
Biology, Chemistry and Physics sucks!!!
Thanks again for coming out last night! Great putting a face that isn't Eyenga's to you.
CHIKERIA is coming back in 2012! GET READY!
Is Sweet Home Chicago just Sweet Home Alabama without the potshots at Neil Young? Only one way to find out!
hey, it has been a while. How's the world treating a sistah these days
Access Hollywood - Celebrity News, Photos &amp; Videos - Access Hollywood
got to keep on walking, on the road to zion man
holy hell i am jamming to beyonce on a whole other level right now
- how old r u? would like to use some of ur tweets to teach american teens what is going on in syria, on our news website
sucks to be them": Knew it :) RT : Answer: Janikowski & Lechler - they are among just 6 players selected in 2000
Wonderful day: brunch at a diner, picnic at a park, some quality thrifting. I love fun summer Saturdays!
Watching "The House of the Devil" while there's a flute performance in the next room. Sniff sniff flute flute AH!!!!
Yeah, I can only imagine
#unpopularopinion i dont see the big obsession with BTIKM.. not overly impressed with it tbh
Lsu lost to Virginia n 1981 in 3rd place game
Braun haters out in full force.
oh wow really?? Which one did u buy then??
RT : Great news! Ryan Braun just stated he would match donation of $500 to the family of Officer Vrtochnick!
Hope so!
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Factory party last nite. You rulez.
You can just walk away and say that you're tired of my bullshit.. As I tell you I love you. That's cool too...
Alternatives for nontraditional student: Neotrad, Adult Learners, New Normal, Modern & 21st Cent Students, Contemporary Student. Others?
Amen! RT : "We hold these truths 2 be self-evident that all men are created equal" Jefferson wrote it & Obama upholding it
When it rains, it pours.....
I'm not listening for entertainment purposes.
if you go during the fall you'll not want to come back, it's beautiful in upstate! And it's right on a lake. Definitely visit!
ALAN big day!!!
Class & brains is sexy, swagg & game is not.
Everybody got that one friend you secretly wanna have sex wit
RT i planned on going to school more than once this week but red days just aren't calling my name anymore.
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: When using #Twitter be sure to update your audience fairly regularly, but don't over load them.
Did drinks at Zengo tonight, my Mac is home! Yeah
Happy 4/20 My fellow #Stoners!!!! This is OUR day;-) ;-) ;-) Getting off early today...and u know this man!!!!!
RT : we're #listeningto one of Chicago's greats - Roscoe Mitchell. Featuring his music next wk on show
School of life observation #1- everyone needs to take a class in self monitoring. Seriously, pay attention to non verbal cues.
At a talk at the planetarium. Apparently he has an asteroid named after him. Don't let hear about that one
Every time Nick Young smiles I know he's thinking "I used to play for the Wizards...this is great!"
My students are learning about infographics by making them on the topic of rising tuition & fees. It's a real education for them.
I dont even know what to think right now
Back at ya & thx!
You got to love that there was no kissing in this fight. Pacquaio vs Mayweather ASAP please
Can anyone get me on the floor of the ACI conference?
US over spending in the past in credit cards and loans. Then US stop spending & paying back. No spending ecomony slows done.
Does that mean i can go back to bed? RT : RT : It's 4/04. Today not found.
you should be following me....are you forgetting all of our appearances together?
Definitely do not miss driving in morning rush hour.
Isn't that the longest game of golf ever? I was snoozing in that part, too. The cards were much more exciting
thanks for the RT! happy Friday!
it's not all selenators. Lovatics do it too. It's never all of anyone though.
have fun!
our prayers are with the Novaks
Any one else feel great ??
I saw that, .. I tried to get bin.pl for usr.bin.pl a while back .. but no dice
A bird of paradise is what I long to be...Friday is opening night! 8pm Experimental Theatre 619 594-6884
Thanks for letting us know how you spent
Good call. Thanks! Fortunately wasn't me complaining about something.
#Humpday shout outs to all my followers and those I follow. Stay focused only two more work days.
I'm a born & bred Midwesterner and fairly new to UX. I can't think of a better first professional conference to attend!
OH MY GOD. I'm just sayin' blow shit up. I enjoy doing that.
How can I concentrate in class when this female instructor is rocking a major stash
I wonder if anyone thinks of me before going to bed .
Well my cacti made it through the whole year #surprised, maybe I should be a botanist
Ever heard the Top Gun Anthem? Guitarist is Steve Stevens. His parent and the Phillips would get along
Just finished up ma video 2 Be With a Star with n its been a long day
The writing on the Chulk board says two scoreless innings. Vinnings? (hey, it's late and I've used by best Chulk pun last inning) #
aww ;) hopefully u meet someone
Remedies for Slow Personal Computers (PCs) - New Era
Thanks for your RTs and mentions this week:
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
I like a MAN with a future and a past
I'm hungry
Hope you feel better soon, we'll miss you :)
GREAT SEEING YOU
Brave new world indeed
the "beds & breakfast" garden workshop at greater newark conservancy was full of knowledge
Awesome Thanks! :-)
pretty slow lol.. Im at work just waiting to get out..
Oh Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeiit! Rome, what up with you?!
You and us both!
#FF He's a fucking hottie ... go check out :)
Hey Where have you been?
This completed my day.
Thank you for sharing!
feeling glad that I am running 5 miles tommorrow since I just ate 5 wings,a handful of fries and a couple beers...its all good
Late signing period start today. Don't expect Sheldon Jeter's decision this wk. #Badgers in his Top 3; Bo makes in-home visit Sunday.
the ever-watching eye of Elmo
the juniper bends as if it were listening: Weekly Recommendation ...
Holiday Cheer for FUV concert report: played fast acoustic, funny anecdotes, & Galahad never better - just watched MP&Holy Grail
it says that summer camp is the future!!
Thanks for the RT :)
Darn interweb--every time I log on to Facebook I end up doing something other than what I meant to do....
the nfc south is STILL all tied up!
As a huge fan of MMA I am amazed at the skill, grace and strength of Ice Skaters.
This guy's hand barely fits around his phone. Can you call from an iPad?
Thanks for the follow! Have a great weekend.
' 'Bout damn time! Seriously, what am I paying you people for anyway?!? Huh? What? Nevermind...
way to go Gomez...what the shit was that
It's Thursday which means tomorrow is Friday! Anyone doing any Christmas shopping this weekend?
By bringing more awareness into the action, we end up bringing more intelligence into the action... #Yoga for health
I really hope I get my voice back tomorrow! Sorry to all my friends who had to deal with it!
Why do these clowns need makeup artists and hair stylists in Africa?!? And heels on a safari, how dumb!
So can sum tell me wats a great valentines present or gift 4 a special person
Players were tired of playing wit Coach Mike so they came over. U know nobody likes playing for that guy.
I hope Adam does full band song tomorrow and not acoustical. I like the full band sound much better!
damn right!!
Positive Tomorrows volunteer orientation's today at noon and 5:30! We're excited to have new volunteers to help our kids this school year!
guys, he hasn't said it yet, but he's using the past tense
All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of no-mind, from inner stillness. ~Eckhart Tolle~
I got my hair cut sorry, next time though!!!!
please notice me!!! please 7
Is it pronounced porsche or porscha?
Would you check into a hotel, but not stay there, just to take advantage of a points promotion? [Y / N] (RT please. Thanks!)
How to Pop a Balloon in 300 Easy Steps [VIDEO]
I'm returning my industrial. The pink is starting to chip off and it's irritating my ear.
Opinions on the whole Niall & Ali situation? #idlovetohearthem! -G :)
"This Mother is Going Down." Dr Shirley Weber, fmr SDUSD Bd member @ last nights NAACP forum, on City Schools "like the Titanic" she said
Powers out *thunder* where the hell are the matches and lighters when we need them!!!
Awesome beach front #run with and Frankie.
I miss how ghostly the highways of jax beaches looked after 2am...
yes sir
Thanks—I’ll pass this on to Steve (he’s going crazy getting ready for workshop next week!) ^TM
Kid at JFK: Mom,mom... What if we got back home and our house was just in flames. Mom: You've got a good imagination there. Son: maybe so
Up before Jesus and the Mexicans for weight lifting and cardio fitness . # mr. Omg
good work Katie!
we're all equal.
Flick,lit,puff,inhale,exhale nd inhale circular kush clouds......yea head rush
#FresnoDLD What did you find interesting about the Rosenblatt article?
I want to but I'm going to Louisiana
People in my country are so retarded._.
Quote:William Shakespeare quotes “Dost thou think because thou art virtuous there shall be no more cakes and ale?”
RT if you love,
Love the early-Saturday playoff hockey action. Perfect for a cloudy/rainy weekend.
Plane/Hotel fare plus expenses to Cabo San Lucas, Mx. Thanks, bro!
We're putting fashion forward this morning at Discovery World on Wakeup!
Someone wants to fax me a document. Of course our fax machine stopped working this morning.
Debating do I want this sew in next week.
Celebrating #ToniMorrison's Birthday on 2/18, too! Food & a #FREE Film in #SF! Stereotypes & Black Actors panel + HOLLYWOOD SHUFFLE!
New favorite term: Cork Taint. Sounds like something you need a shot for LOL.
Who said stripping couldnt lead to something bigger....ask channing tanum how it worked!!!
This location business has gone too far. I don't need to see that you checked in at your doctor's office. Thanks.
Your new album is killing me! Thank you for the honest music, love love love!
well someone should! It would be so EPIC!!!
Thinking back on all these great memories in
I love her! Not kidding. : I just did a show with the Pine-Sol lady. Is she a thing people know?"
I know, right.
who is who?
I need strings. Poop. I wonder if i can bring my amp to this free show..
"Don't join a fray. Make your own fray." EO Wilson at
Basketball Wives in three, two, one......
Like a virgin. Oo!
Ads are fun when you make them, not fun when others shove them in your face.
"Final Destination 5"...they should jus call it Destination #5 cause i kno its not tha final one.
RT : It's OFFICIAL! Fortune and Glory will be opening for Set Your Goals and The Swellers on Jan 24th and The Majestic...
are you taking me?
DC Fire EMS responded to a dumpster fire behind White Gravenor this afternoon. The fire is now extinguished.
Thank you for the RT's and FF!!
got it a fist fight with my mom just now -___-
Random question- if a siamese twin committed murder would he not have to go to jail because the other twin is innocent?
"Sometimes you must leave fools to their follies."
Our competition took the day off, we took 3 of their customers. The early bird might get the worm, we get it back when he rest. Bring it on!
Someone pick up a Buckeye!
Can't believe I missed #runchat last night!!! Shoot.
From NAIA baseball RT : NAIA Opening Rd stats...5 teams flying, 33 teams driving an average of 442 one-way miles this week."
#FWM #CokeBoys husband or wife- ft video coming soon yall know yall cant wait video is PICANTE..lol
Got it RT : Are you following Super cool event in November
RT #randomlnq well I WAS looking forward to sex and the city 2, but then I heard it was a flop...//What a let down.
Sick of being a doormat! Why do I let this continue!
Personifying my car. I can't turn you on #istheresomebodyelse?
Yeah, I suppose so. Although B-Roy did most of the damage for the Blazers...on 2 bad knees!
Have you gotten #cashback recently from being a shopper? RT your savings!
Wtf happened to My Girl off SINGLE LADIES.. You know The PRETTY 1?!
#10BasicFactsAboutMe I.Love.My.iPod. Music is my life.
After walkin ten miles for my pt gig and dog sittin 3 boxers beer time
I had a teapartier tell me that making him provide health insurance for his employees was a violation of his freedom. Nice big heart u have
#wordplay-o-d-day: ANTISEPTIC: opposed to the number 7.
simplest headline ever ... Steely lyric and song. "HEY 19"
Really want to keep working, but I'm going to take a 15 min break because I know my soul needs it & my day will benefit
Im going to lay it down for a quick nap-Night Olwz
just now getting home from the studio....tired but excited
Yeah I figured it was last minute, I just found out today. I still want to go though!!
O lady cop with a big ass gun!! Lol
Costume System Code completed and bugs are fixed! I just need to clean up some part of it & add to the real server. Maintenance soon!
For real? Bo.
All I can really do is relate lyrics to a situation lol
No Podcast just stay busy performing live and giving out my site adresses
Lost my voice after last night.
Countdown: 6 days till we raffle off 2 nites in Hawaii! More info at #Office365 for Dummies. Countdown: 8 days till we raffle off 2...
Cooked salmon with honey and mandarin glaze, o let's see how it came out
Then I helped someone do a PubMed search using MeSH terms.
Slovenian Banks' Ratings Cut by Moody's as Asset Quality Worsens - Bloomberg
dead air. Lambaugh. Makes my Blood Pressure go up
Thanks for the follows.
Tonight the library hosted an event honoring prolific SPA/JLS professor Rita Simon--see her many books in a first floor display.
Sometimes I enjoy commercials more than the actual program itself.
wonderful. teaching our kids to be judgmental and intolerant at an early age in a society already full of "Islam-ophobes".
Tell me, what is your fav gum? Mine is Juicy Fruit...... LOL
scratch that. screw today.
was just reminded that the word "excruciating" comes from "ex crucis," from crucifixion, a long and drawn out pain. The snake of my brain.
Job 29:12-13 "because I rescued ... and the fatherless who had none to assist him. The man who was dying blessed me..."
Whenever I make it there... I'll be getting that rec!
It better be, theres needs to be a cure for all us uglies of there
My first eatin all day....that's a problem
Loved that you got carries last night. Hope the pulled ab or whatever is getting better.
it's too close to then. We gotta plan it and stuff but I'll see what I can do
StL Fan:"The beast is stupid!" Response:"You have a squirrel." haha
I'm a father of 3. I cannot imagine insulting a woman publicly like that. I teach my kids to be respectful not rude.
are you and peyton dating!??
Think I'm go chill at the lake have some ice cream in a sec
yeah part of it :)
I looked fear in the eyes.. and I gotta tell ya.. it looked a little sheepish to me. Thinkin' it's all a front.
I CAN'T DO THIS. I'M ONLY 15. Shut da hell up.
congrats on the new addition to your family!
All ppl (especially pregnant women, children and workers) should be better protected from toxic chemical exposure.
Took one more go at edition our film "Wake Up!". Producers are all pleased with the results! NOW we are ready to launch
we're excited about !
no problem love <3
Perhaps indie bookstores not yet fuckyeah-able yet?
Our first run of cider yielded 31 cases of liquid gold. Please let us know if you'd like to attend a tasting in #Philadelphia!
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!
Get a peek at how the stars let loose after the 63rd Primetime Emmys!
Sweating my ass off waiting for mayday parade 😁
When we disclaim praise, it only shows our desire to be praised a second time.
Hi agrees: sacrifice for a good #cause is necessary. Thanks for following.
What wOuld 2Chainz Say #2Chains, 200Diamonds ..I'm On top.. I'm done climbing..rap game? 2 easy .. Me and wayne? 2UNEchi !!
A this is random but I think tje bears need to call T O n put him, on the squad forget all,the drama they need a proven reciever
RT : If a Rowdy Gentleman calls a girl by the wrong name during sex, she’ll legally change it the next day.
He actually wants a slightly useful education...something he won't find at Kentucky...
I'm so sorry. :/ sending you love and hugs.
Being prepared is a GREAT thing :) How was your visit?
he is just explaining. Maybe over explaining. Okay he needs to
just got my android phone to tether with my laptop. works great!
D Kroger's is off the hook, lol
I'd love to! Give me a day and time next month and I'll be there :)
I almost did...then came to my senses..ha!
New homes for 2009... McMansions are out. Bridges and caves are in.
Playing with kids is like a game of improve that doesn't end until everyone has a bar mitzvah
#Plansforthesummer waste a day with LIKE FORREAL.
Hear hear... “: Tax day. Sigh. Goodbye savings account. I knew you were never mine, but it was nice to pretend.”
Google Scholar, I could kiss you.
#IGoToCoralParkWhere pitbull attended & my freshman teacher had him as a student.
Hmm I like your line of thinking.
you work at m cafe. don't you get Asian enough? ahah
you made me mad so now we have a problem .-. K
Social media is a risky CSR tool if your message isn't in alignment with your corporate values - Joe Lawless
Its way too early to have to be two places at once
Nothing worse than getting ready to play a game and your controller dies :/
I aint tryin to start a fight but I'll finish one every time
Follow - a great read for Chicago craft beer fans and presently helping me stay on top of the Parabola release.
For most, today = end of the holidays; for some = a day to #prepare for the successes of 2012. SeanLetwat
We should do that often, not only for Thanksgiving. Thank you my friend. Happy Thanksgiving!! Hugs
Because although we may look ridiculous at the end of the night, we look damn good at the beginning.
excited to see game 2 of
OK, arbiter just means someone judging, arbitrator refers specifically to arbitration. Both have plurals, so arbitrators is always correct
oh wish I was there.
you're an idiot.
hey vic, that dress u have on on those photos that were just uploaded to fbook is lush u look lovely! Where's it from? X
they got them in the first half. Just didn't make them
Love #Stronger! Amazing Song from An Amazing Artist...
Thank you! If she lives on the north side she is welcome to join us!
wait...what is YALB? everyone watching DDM seems to know what it is but me
yes but its the slowest month of the year
Yes and having back helped a lot. ": I guess Kobe calling out Pau & Drew worked."
I just #Can'tGiveUpNow come too far from where I #StartedFrom. I don't believe he #BroughtMeThisFar to #LeaveMe!
": FABULOUS FASHION NEWS FLASH Prada tapped & to perform @ their #MetGala afterparty!"
RT : Nice to know you don't even care. Trying so hard to please you but you just don't care at all.
Thank you! :)
aaron rodgers still has one super bowl ring while alex smith has one playoff win. not bizarro world yet.
Bravo!! the reason I asked is because im concerned about taking two Schultheiss' courses. It should be alright I guess!
"I never had a bad day in my life" -R.Gray
My anti-virus software is telling me that VegWeb has been reported as an "attack page." What's up with the website?
Watching The Time Traveler's Wife
i'll leave you in the lobby while I move up these steps!
Grey's Anatomy is an awesome show. :)
Distort this message into anything you want it to mean.
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN !?<3 it would make all my dreams come true!:D
Planning future of , facilitated by
friends don't care that you like an institution, but do care that you enjoyed an exhibition there. Yep, I can see that.
Thank you for following!
Putting finishing touches on the #Blackboard ANGEL session presentation for #EDU11. Join us on Thurs. at 8:00 am in Room 119B.
10 MINUTES TILL #TRIVIA TIME!! GET IN HERE!
We had an Awesome Choir Practice, the old Sunday school medley was hilarious ...you remember : I am a c I am a ch I am a christian...lol
Really? Mary Beth? I think Whitney is hotter.
Malcom in the middle episode with is the funniest ever!
I will chop up both of your bodies and throw them in caz creek if I go home and any of my clothes r missing.
They are essentially infant heirlooms, insanely flavorful.
Sorry to hear about Cena's divorce, but at least he was smart enough to get a prenup!
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls
Kurt Warner is 24-28 with 1:40 left.. Wow what a game
Pick up a newspaper and look at the stories filling it. Find recurring themes and use existing stories as a blueprint for getting publicity.
yea baby
ProMobile Productions, LLC offers a state of the art HD Mobile Video Production Unit to stream your event from any location, anywhere!
I'm a total fan of your work, but not irresponsible anti-abortion rhetoric.
LA's been used as leverage here for a decade. Still hasn't been a realistic option.
leave it to a man to bring food into a Nail Polish discussion! :)
Chillin at my house watching this fight
djKhaled You go so Hard man Wish I was on the Team !
Please do. Love to meet a fellow bikeschooler. I lived in Los Angeles for 7 years also, so I'm sure we could swap stories.
"A book is a souvenir of a web experience." --Will Schwalbe of Cookster quoting
The #oscars were tonight? Oops. I'm too far removed.
#LAMHarvard LAM dialogs: Focus on the what (where we are going) not the how (strategies to get there). GWeibel
April 4th!! Cain's Ballroom with For Today!! Do it do it :)
Once I put my headphones on, I zone out.
If autocorrect change my fuck into duck one more time, I'm tossing this HTC but #TeamAndroid though..
Congrats! That's awesome news! :)
“: I will be there! I'll be sure to be part of the expo in October!" Great! See you soon.
Like I won't , obviously cause I'm not crazy or violent.. But what's stopping me? Police? Morals? But where did I even acquire those
girl dont make me bust a cap in yo a**** lollx
Tried giving Bon Iver a try... Not happening
love the judges! Nice not to listen to so much negative
I love having a bus pass.
On Nov. 6, 2006, Colorado voters passed an amendment banning gay marriage. 2 months later the DNC picked Denver.
Ugh I hate waiting for things
movies like that aren't appropriate for children
if i were to geuss I would say NE or SEA
Floyd should have let his ass have it n knocked him out
try not to have too much fun without me.
#IfItWasUpToMe You be able to purchase medical at any convenience store selling swishers
I'm super pumped, they're both selfish players tho so I wonder how long it will take them to get in sync
4:30pm Be sure to join us tomorrow night: Faith Ringgold’s artist lecture, art, prizes, and fun. Send us your questions for...
Today in 1962, Stan Getz & Charlie Byrd recorded Bossa Nova for the first time. #AcousticRooster wrote "The Hen from Ipanema."
Private room
Plus the pace of life is really balanced - there's plenty to do, but it's not overwhelming.
great advice! RT : want to stand out from the crowd when interviewing? send thank you notes immediately after your interview.
On my way to my Daddy's Birthday Party. Happy 43rd Birthday 
Valid point! RT : No Pulitzer for fiction this year because truth was stranger.
USTREAM IN 3 HOURS 52 MINUTES 30 SECONDS..... no I'm not excited or anything (;
i hate being in 7th grade
you're the one who asked me to go with you...just saying!
Sounds good.
so many dazzling brides today at the W Hollywood. I wanted ALL of their dresses. Not a tragedy in site!
America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves -Lincoln
true so true
Final tally is in: 9,670 fully dressed Chicago style hot dogs were served at the #NRAShow this weekend. Holy smokes!
. Our next meeting is Sat. Jan 7th. will be with us speaking about fight scenes.
The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.
GOOD LUCK <3
I'll be there! RT : glad you enjoyed the class!! See you Wednesday?
it is warmer in Hobart Indiana than it is in San Diego California right now.
The current Amazon Web Services outage means that Sportaneous is temporarily down. We'll let you know as soon as we're back in business.
#Jings in the #ThirdWard strikes again...
July 2012 -- our wedding opportunity of a lifetime. Killarney, Ireland. Feeling extremely LUCKY to document this story :)
"Imagination is the highest kite one can fly." —Lauren Bacall, American actress
How was your weekend? Mine included flipping around every which way on all sorts of insane rollercoasters at
In my zone gettin ready for dis lil Wayne concert n Dallas Tx babe.....u we go lil Wayne
Indiana Pacers play-by-play guy just admitted the Pacers have no chance versus the Heat.
"Calvin's got a job... Hey Calvin." Lol I miss the Chappelle show
I'm so tired of #KrisHumphries. He's so busy accusing everyone else of being publicity hungry while making himself look like an ass. Move on
Good work sam. I will buy one.
Are you psychic??? That place is offering a Groupon deal today!!! RT : Jerry's artarama.
Getting ready for the pool with
Someone is gonna sit out tonight for the Spurs tonight just not sure who yet?
they did it for Grindr
Free trial Tarot readings today only on www.ShindigTarot.com!
and um, uh, there was no Holy See anytime BC.
I am just so excited about this merchant account I could just pee my pants.
Eww I need new music in my phone! .-.
you have been tweeting so much lately!!! Good work.
A3 I stepped back from a few things (like going to 5 different committee's mtgs), took a few long weekends to relax & recharge.
The Yankees haven't done anything this winter meetings, other than Garcia. I guess that's it? Cashman turning into the grinch? What's up?
Why do people argue for no reason just to feel important what's up with that
I know sad sad day for me - this is something you only dream of and I was trying to get to TN! =)
Happy Sunny Sunday to you!
No. I'll be the uncle.
don't think of it as shutting the door on you, think of it as giving you complete privacy; you now have your own office!
Don't say, "If I could, I would." Say instead, "If I can, I will." - Jim Rohn
Gonna bite that know it all tounge
Gt your eyes checked and take it from there=)
Success comes to those who work hard. To dream is not enough. Act on it. Do something.
10/23 Super Shopper - last drawing before the 12/4 finale. 12/4 will be part of our 40th Anniversary Celebration. It’s going to be huge!
Gotta love having one of my #KU people speaking at #LiNC this year! Very excited to give a big #RCJKU to !!! cc
Yes, it sounds like it. What a small world! Good spinning Mr. DJ!
I love the background on your profile page. Thanks for following!
Will plan better next time so I can see you all later!
Ah. Fml. XP
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children.
Hello there ;)
Awesome! We just dropped off our kit to them today! P.S. tag them in your twitter post! They like that!
Yep! What a hoot... RT am I watching you on Celebrity Apprentice?????
UGH i dnt wanna do my homework but at this rate imma fail so imma get this done rite quick :(
“: AND WITH THAT, BRYCE HARPER IS JUST 761 AWAY FROM TYING BONDS #HARPERWATCH” Lol.
You know, there is an option to give more $ than you owe at the bottom of your 1040, 1%, so stop with the signs requesting to be taxed more.
Was Patience the first Ke$h? Probably, although the bar has been raised . . . pretty damn high.
the kiddies and babe are asleep...feel like goin to get a cold one
eat every three hours to be safe! Keep all fruit (the only sugar you should be having) before dinner.
“A Brief History of New Media Art” Matt Nish-Lapidus,
: Here's another way to reach me! Z.
you represent many who feel they don't have a voice, what about the long term #unemployed #99ers?Plze, donate your voice.
I'm always up for new reading. What is it about?
Thanks, will do!
just finished the sweet 16 workout (what i could finish) now to do under the sea times 3!
Really enjoyed visiting with today in Seattle.
Mirror is seriously a bomb af song
My sleep schedule is beyond fucked up
IT IS NOT THAT EASY
We'll miss seeing your face everyday
You can encourage blogging by rounding up your trade show content on your specialized event Twitter page.
what? I'm so confused. I mean one of my goals for the summer was to put a video out every week, so I might as well
Heading to the office to prep for today's shoot! Gettin' it done!
Before you....
Um such a good follower! I get on twitter once a week. I have nothin to tweet about. And i'll prolly neva read one of ur tweets.
Be Original!
About to see if I can get a 2nd Job before the End of the Week.
The faces of fellow passengers changed to a sad look when they realized that the nice man and his two year old son will be sitting w/us.
yes, I do.
Been blowing school off for 3 weeks. Its about to bite me in the ass
Feels good to have a face... next thing on the To Do List is get my website up so I can show you tweeps my skills!
#chicultural2012 list: 1) Increase cultural participation by increasing accessibility.
I kind of want some damn rice
#imagine *Louis gently kisses your cheek, you blush* Louis: I love it when you blush, it proves u really love me, like I love you.♥
new drunken Gray card game: "five-card who effin' knows"
10% off gift certificates tomorrow only!
after what happened in ATL I'm not sure. He might be black balled by the NFL. He might have to be an OC in college for a while.
#SorryNotSorry for caring
I tried to be patient but I waited too long.
That was one hell of a nap... its not over yet tho.
is it true that Coach Scott fined Erden for his haircut? Go #Cavs!
turns out that Wilders never asked for the Koran to be banned. He sd if Dutch law re Mein K were fully enforced the K would be banned too
me and Sigur Rós are working it on out.
No kidding, guy before you walks on 5 pitches and Ishikawa swings at the first pitch.
definitely either way is cool
Still waiting for mine! Enjoy.
Aww that's soo cute!:) have fun!
missing my boyy
Shooting album concepts with !! Great stuff already!
The week's Sunday NY Times crossword puzzle just doesn't have it.
nice!! Have fun. Let's do something soon
Paper bags are outlawed in grocery stores in Afghanistan. They believe paper is sacred.
so natural in your hand. Lol
having a great time at our Black History Month event! Can't wait for
☼ Remember no matter where you go there you are. Earl Mac Rauch
Im a jealous person :( it sucks
Thanks new follows for supporting contemporary ballet! Come to our show Flight of Fancy
My site has free videos and articles. You have to exercise and eat right. Email me and I can give you specifics.
OR WILL THEY? Join us + funny folks 4/18
No such thing. #Siracha “: #waytoomuchroostersauce.... #noodles”
I SMELL MURDAHHHHH!!!
Come meet us in the caf and sign up for this Saturday's build day!!! :) thanks! RETWEET
I don't blame you! It's so good! Hahaha.
Do you code?
This is awful.
Who can lift to this music?
Thank you for spreading the word - Only 13 votes behind! :)
did you go? Why r their haters? Was it fun? I don't know the first thing about Tiesto.
Somebody please shut up guitar guy in Pizza Hut commercial
Houston in July, Hawaii in August, Than Florence Italy my home town baby at the ending of August. GAWD I can't wait I miss my family!
Long day..
next week
Ready #Packernation!!! the road to the championship starts!!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
thanks, i'll take a look - I left some feedback in terms of slight tweaks that could improve xperience.
studying at caribou tonight. would love someone to join me
do we have too???? Hahahaha I kid, I kid
You rock !! Thanks for tweeting our Project! Cheers to 2012, let's make it a great year for Moms!!
Q. What's the hottest thing in the world? A. Two rats fucking in a wool sock.
cant wait to roll deep with big dave jamming to some billy joel
I do and strongly recommend it. working ski patrol at copper mountain and working with brain injury in colorado springs.
Have you seen all of the tech and law classes?
Stop by on your lunch break today to find yourself a new apt! Spring leasing specials won't last long! #BallparkNeighborhood 2200 Market
It was nice to see Hafner and Santana doing 'yard' work on such a nice day. Great win for the #Indians tonight.
Today was VERY stressful. People kill me sometimes.
Drinking and Sprite
2 more days... i cant... its to long
same ole' same ole', weird pets, babies laughing and lots of time consuming garbaggeeee
When I grow up I want to be the guy who makes it extremely difficult for people to adjust the hour on the digital clock in cars.
damn dude.....really?
Gotta love it
This is EXACTLY what the diss is on. And the prof in the story, Schiappa, authored a key pice I build from. Thanks!
Congratulations to the honorees at the Lortel Awards! Thank you & Lucille Lortel Foundation for your support of The Fund.
been excited. lol what are you doing lately?
Just thought of a title for my novel: "A Matrix of Problems!"
Remember push-ups 1 of the big 4 exercises you should do every day! Keeps you strong & builds your core strength! Get core strong:excercise!
Tweeting from the Advanced Placement Annual Conference in SF today & tomorrow.
Sunday word trivia time! What is the only commonly used English word in which the "F" is pronounced like a "V"?
#PowerRangersRaceForLife Good luck with training, girl! You can do it! xo
"Oh, the places you will go."
Just #voted. Always feels great to do this.
Today would have been the birthday for Lt. Michael Murphy. He was one of the greatest heroes of modern time. NEVER forgotten.
Not that we know of. Though that may be a question for
You gotta do what's right for YOU, even if it hurts some people you love.
TGIF! Happy Dr. Suess Day! "And will you succeed? Yes, indeed, yes indeed! Ninety-eight and three quarters percent guaranteed! -Dr. Suess
Thank you #Houston for all of your responses about musicians... we'll be on the lookout for future event dates from them!
thanks so much and I love that you used the word "stalwart".
We're gearing up!
Jason Kidd will not play tonight for the #Mavericks against the #Blazers. Apparently a scheduled night off.
I got game like e a,but I wanna let you play
Back to #gymflow... lord walk with me
Chris Davis strikes out Saltalamacchia...
“: The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.” story of my life right now!
thanks for the tip andy.
now the tax man cometh. Congrats!
The biggest full moon of the year will take place Saturday (May 5) at 11:35 pm EDT
you still got it kid!! are you still in LA?
ppl get on my nervous
Watching Someone Like You with Viggle Tue | 2PM | ION Get real rewards just for watching TV.
we were just in LA last week, hopefully we'll be back again soon :)
Just got home from Lake Tahoe- the fireworks there were FREAKIN AMAZING!!!
So what's everyones favorite song on the ep??
A Spectrum of Perspectives: Blogging A to Z: &quot;R&quot; Movies
i havent been on #twitter for ever :) goin to Navy Pier =]
Man I thought i found the love of my life! Well i guess its back to da drawing board. Can i get a nigga dats drug free and has no limits.
And things were JUST starting to get dramatic in Utah.
I can't even sleep. I'm thinking bout what's finna happen and somebody finna die
reading by the pool. #winterintexas?
Kudos to ArtistLink songwriter for writing Tara King's new song
good work JAX!
im so hungry I'm too scared to go to the kitchen...its dark..
at school today sorry ya'll. Que bonita come to hh today!
thanks! they are super soft too. a great fall and winter accessory. they last a lifetime too!
:) i'm always a text or call from being there tho lol. you need to help me chin check, you know who!! its going to be epic!!!!
Trying to find positive in attending a meeting that doesn't pertain to me at all... Free pizza!
Yeah, I've mentioned that a few times on Twitter. Don't get me started on my wtf is PJ up to rants
I have never been so happy to be back in America
looking forward to seeing you tomorrow!
What if another dog pees on that poop right before you pick up both poops? It will just be a sloppy mess.
#DASER Ellen Levy "Art can, under particular circumstances, train attention."
Put Your Hearts Up <3
it's not at Johnny Brenda's.
2 Reasons people can hate you: 1.You're happy with your life, 2.They don't have a life.
Houston Rockets have a few interesting candidates for the head coach job, Kevin McHale, Sam Cassell, Ralph Sampson
Make sure u get Ur copy of
good morning Gary!
I swear 9th wonder does some good shit. God bless him and his talent.
last minute preparations and by that I mean frozen yogurt with lots and lots of toppings.
My inspiration batteries are now recharged to 100% after tonight's Girls on the Run event! Thanks
It's a cool word. I thought it had to do with drilling rigs.
lady your boomerang model is worthy of Picasso. It is making my eyes bleed.
Anybody remember when Kobe clotheslined Raja Bell mid game & during live action?? Still crazy
hours of work and now cheering
Great pass from Jennings to dunleavy off the Beno steal. Tie game at 79. 9 min to play.
I need some ideas on what to do on my Birthday Friday, March 23. Any suggestions?
Today I leave Anderson.
your broham baby girl.
Thanks for the #FF today. You sure get an early start to your day!
You are too previous Jason Segel!
You fox.
I’m moody, eating muffins, and getting overly emotional listening to Mumford and Sons. Tell tale signs of male PMS.
Cannot wait for my 90 minute massage tonight! Thank you, Easter Bunny! aka
lmmfao...this fool said pull and tuck...
L0L! I did the same! I still give my excitement credit to Doughty for the shot. :)
Am I missing something or is there no such thing as a media player that can play Amazon VOD, Netflix, iTunes movies, and files from shares?
hehe you look so cute! &hearts; :*
Any Portland area folks connected to Norway? Bad stuff happening there. Lets talk.
thank you so so much!
Just decided to read Romney's "No Apology" just for kicks.
Adobe's "Deblurring feature" still doesn't save you from taking a shitty photo.
Peter Piper Pizza, All Star Game & Sunday Night Cruisin Classics!!!
Choose topics that fit in school's curriculum. If you have an LLM IP program, IP ALR makes sense.
"Inspiration is for Amateurs... the rest of us just show up and get to work." - Chuck Close, artist. Love this quote!
Tomorrow morning we present episode 35 of Parlour to Parlour at - I hope you all like stunning natural California vistas.
Just screamed for ice cream in my quiet office. Apparently, not everyone is an ice cream fan. Losers.
sucks sometimes
So sick I just wanna sleep and eat cold stuff
who r u playing for next year?
Someone help get me a job!
Awesome to meet you today! Glad we got to catch up over lunch...have a good wknd!
ahaha you like that app dont u :P
music is my best friend :)
Dont give me that look.
If I die my tweets are coming with me! I own nothing but my own hilarity! #SryToDisappoint :(
Season's greetings everyone! I hope you are spending this time of year with loved ones and are truly happy!
Hahaha we're so funny
penguins fly by night, and sleep by day
FL state line!!
It's funny that the #GOP thinks just putting a Latino on the ballot will magically make us vote for them.
-______- no biotch , she's coming over & so are YOU.
We will be performing live at Saints ( plaza district) this Saturday (May 12th). Free Free Free Free Free Free. Show up around 10pm.
How many ppl have ever heard some1 speak in tongues followed by an interpretation of what was spoken?
balancing short term execution with long term strategic domination...
A wonderful realization is when you realize that you are unique in all the world and you have the power of unique accomplishments.
lmao. I'm gonna be the bigger one & say, you're right. Phones work both ways. I could have hyu. I still love you though 😌
yeah, that was kind of a mess. Internet magically revived so I sent the guy away. Now we're dead again.
not this year :( I've got too much going on LA right now. Great things! Have a drink for me!!
How the lebron dunk didn't pass the Hibbert dunk on top 10 ? Really
