When commercials are playing on all of your favorite radio stations <<<
5 days of school left. 👍
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes
Peds lose in third game by 3, play again tomorrow morning 9am @ Sacramento Softball Complex
OH "I think calling it a 'whimsical rabbit hole' is really reductive."
Yeah! That's awesome! I really, really like symphonic rock/metal!
Luna park with my sister! :)
RT : Thank you for making us one of the Top 25 Things about ABQ! [M...Grove pancakes...Grove anything!]
If Mad Men doesn't win every award possible for this season, Hollywood needs a collective vision/hearing/dementia test.
RT : is a better golfer than I am
Wow! We have 100 followers! It's the little things. Thanks to you all! Here's to 100 more! And remember: It's all about the music!
Do you ever feel like you don't have many friends anymore? I don't know why either, I haven't pushed anyone away.. :(
I didn't know you had to come to a complete stop at the red light...I totally just paused!!
thats what s up.
. We need another awesome car gal replacement! ;-)
women must learn to forgive, even themselves
#ILove1DBecause they have awesome music & are real and care for their fans . (:
User behaviors & expectations: users equate libraries and books. An outdated perception that needs to be changed.
Oh em gee where's when you need her!
That awkward moment when the person in the stall next to you says, "Hey, cute shoes!"
Orange juice + acid reflux + burp = tequila taste that won't leave my mouth.
What I let the boys do for fun.
Have let many angry thoughts go unshared over the last couple of days. Am grateful for the smartness and compassion of my pals.
Well, thank you, Secretary Grow. I think the conveying of the message [to Paris] would be easy, but how about conveying me? [1945]
We Three Kings, because the lyrics are historically suspect and the music is deeply annoying.
This date 1970: The ill-fated Apollo 13 launched, commanded by James Lovell who had graduated from Juneau High School in Milwaukee,
that is true. I know that he will step it up
how's your day going Kuya Ricky? :)
that's unfortunate...I've decided that Im not going...i think i have a college thing tomorrow anyway
no, no hard feelings at all. I appreciate it, use whatever stuff of mine you want, for real
lol be like yeah movie night at my house tonight ;) just tell mustard you'll be canceling on him x'D
So happy about this weekend! Leggggggo
I just seen some diamond glass speakers..shit cost $53,000
Ah & the tie in to Shannon's beautiful ,practical work sits right there on the surface as we go to .99 of the radius...
headed to work 😒 its gon be a long day but gotta get paid
Whitney Houston has left us way to soon. R.P.I . Babe!
Finally home! 😁
Oh No! What happnd
Hope is happy now that I'm following her.. Sheesh.
Busily working on renewal forms for next year this morning!
its a person, and you'll know what i mean as soon as i say the name. but i dont want to but it on here! i'll DM you
giirl just saw you drive by
Playing BLUES on Halstead tonight with Pistol Pete and Geoffrey Lowe.
Haha great day but tomorrow will be better
RT : Shut up, The only test you can pass is the pregnancy one ¯\_(ツ)_/¯<< hell fuck naw!
M. Nitrogen & nourishment for all those plants.RT : A good storm can be a beautiful thing.
There's stories to tell , we've been through it all.
Feel free to wear double pants that day and restore the balance in the world!
sickest senior
I should have gotten a burn today, meaning I should have biked to Canada, but the work happily had momentum.
Thanks for the re tweet! xoxo
watching #WeLoveLucy & blowing #bubbles its just magical!!
aight let me know.
according to fatheads board.. Two.. Hop and then juju
Thanks for the follow . I love you.
: B/F parenting: children see normative femininity separate from heterosexuality; they see it differently than we do
@ the Vikings and have had a 3td game yet
Dying for it. Will email you.
Flying almost directly over my In Laws house at 33,000 feet.
YOU WILL?
wow Joined by War really knocked it outta the park! AMAZING! thank you so much!
I had a tough year but I pulled through it all. I'm ready to start all over. I'm ready for the new year.
Friday, Saturday, AND Sunday at the Owl Bar- $4 Harp, $4Smithwicks, Guinness!
hey FL mahomies! are you guys excited for Austin to come to Florida?! :D
that moment when tweets so much you wanna tell him to stfu!:)
im not the bible is im not trying 2 be mean it is
One episode into my so-called life. Me and angela chase share the same thoughts on how weird chewing is.
While we are free to choose our actions, we are not free to choose the consequences of our actions
absolutely love bright and sunshine filled mornings in downtown #Milwaukee it doesn't get much better than this!
when I was 18 I grinded up 5k bankrolls at 1/2 there. Never thought I'd see the day 50/100 NL ran there.
Ugh. why are you so flawless???
"why does she need a tutor to get into itt tech"
We're counting down the days, too! Blooms & Butterflies opens March 10!
Attend the Search Marketing Panel Presented by to pick up wristband & attend the Bing Social Meetup at Showbox Market starting at 5pm.
“: Modern Warfare at midnight glad my baby is understanding Kause I may not sleep tonight yessir” same mood..
I just told Iron Man the good news, he jumped up with excitement.
I toss and turn and to see your not there
Mr Food. O it's soo creepy
Overflow crowd at town hall focusing on Poway High substance abuse deaths.
Check out
Fuck You Turiaf, You Sell-Out! We Birthed Your Talentless Career.
Even the vocal audience lets off a good one sometimes. When the previews ended a lady cried "FINALLY!" & I coulda kissed her.
RT must read this goes on so much at my school : (
Was about to tweet something about the ASININE STUPIDITY & IGNORANCE I deal with daily, but I had to reframe from voicing my thoughts.
TGIF!Get $2.50 Corona & $6.00 Jack Daniels at Little Darlings!!! Come get crazy with us tonight and party with the girls til 2am!!!
Husband requests that i stop saying 'hey girl' every time ryan gosling is on screen.
Watching your child struggle with rejection and disappointment is painful. But an opportunity to point them to the Cross is worth it.
Where'd you see that?
So glad someone has one.. we have rain! Eeeps! :)
watches part one and two? Now they're just getting lazy.
Wait, is getting her own show?!?! Yay!!! Also: why did it take so long for such an awesomely funny woman to get her own show?
of course I do
oh okay have fun
Don't wantto get motivated today. But I know I need to
when you emailed it didn't let you?
sounds like you're a fan of our governor
YES! Who also...
#GoPackGo #GoPackGo !!!! D E F E N S E Defense!!!
best rapper alive
Nothing rewarding was ever easy
call or text me 323.481.1161 and let's discuss.
Be happy for what yho have,because there culd be some1 out there wishing for what yho have?
Thanks! We're glad you like it.
hahaha, longest night!
i want to cut my hair. but i don't. i'm just tempted . long hair don't care pahaha
We have to go back!!! #LOST Best show all time
The entire Kinetik Entertainment family is happy to have back at our Head Quarters in Chicago!
not really
Out on the farm. Great village of Pleasanton, Nebraska.
If you dont love yourself how can u love sum one else.
yess, your beyond beautiful! Your just FLAWLESS 
are you eating enough food? and yeah the sugar looks like 1 culprit but i am NO expert. just trying to stay paleo.
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  20
Love my boyfriend:)
S/o goin in on right now!! Waddup.my dude ??
Direct your Passion wisely*
ETHIER got only $3 mil more! Ethier and Loney should be more than $3 mil apart.
oh no!
Yup, in Bangkok, but heading to India tomorrow and then Singapore two days after. Meet me in one of those ;)
Much cooler today, big forecast coming up in a few!
makin that 💰tho
Everyone else just says stuff about Tim Tebow.. give it a try.. it works.
How do you carry Christ into your everyday life? Where does he lead you in your everyday life?
Intown boutique warehouse sale happening now. 280 Elizabeth street in Inman Park. Up to 90 percent off Bill Hallman, Demure, etc.
*Phew* just got done, I'm tired.
if your complexion resembles the color of piss #killyourself Yall khaki colored dudes r out of style
wrd ill start packing
Dennis rodman!! Topless basketball!! I'm coach
Eat at as many places as possible! RT : Just landed in omaha for #bigomaha. Think this is my first time in Nebraska. Tips welcome
Our speakers tonight do think that Jefferson gathered Sally Hemings' children.
thanks for supporting Austin ! <3 we mahomies love the Janoskians :)
Ricky Williams in a wedding dress
#lasttimeichecked we're not in a relationship so why are you blowing up my phone
We had that. You need to get rid of them before they come through the drywall. :P
The more things you consider to be a reason for joy, the more joyful you will be.
The dissertation is done! Thank you for all your help, encouragement and support!!!
Our two most recent Presidents have agreed to work together to raise $$ for Haiti.
wow!! Loving the logo;-)
“: So excited! I love shopping for my wife!!” I don't hate it either :)
Nice meeting you and your wife tonight at #RomareATL!
I will be counting down daily until the release of #TheMuppets DVD. Unfollow me if you must, for I will not be stopped. 9 DAYS.
A laugh with hugs in it! Now that's good medicine. You are thoughtful!
so true! I try to remember what it was like in the beginning when we used to fail all the time. That's how we learned.
Working on A Letter From Omdurman by Jeffrey Jones at the Flea!
is it teva or isabel? RT My celebrity crush is not well known. My friends aren't impressed that she follows me on twitter.
I felt better after I went to sleep, thank you though :)
Immediately following this morning's keynote, will conduct a presentation entitled, " #Cloud for Solutions"
Loves and really almost doesn't remember studio life without it.
Tweet time.!
My flight has wifi - rockin Christmas channel & catchin' up on work. Now if only they'd take my drink coupons..
lol it happens randomly
Seven days straight..one day off and then my week starts again. All I see is green right now
Our temporary selfishness will keep us from eternal significance. Dont live 4 yourself in the now, but for who God wants u 2 b n the future.
and i've been thinking bout forever...
i followed
going to OG tonight with family :)
RT Can anyone tell me is District 91 any better than they were 4 years ago? Be sure to vote Bryan Nov 8!
Save the rain forest
Did people answer you about this? It was a good question!
thank u!!!
Oh, she's nice enuf. Seeing people happy is also a treat by itself.
Two Clearwater schools are on lockdown as police search nearby for a suspect. Eisenhower Elementary and Calvary Christian
500 Days of Summer? Never saw it but I'm sure you're not alone :)
Please do!
I love Carlos Gomez
thanks Nicole! Hope you're having a great week & have a happy Mother's Day this weekend!
no thanks.
Thanks for the shout out. I think of you when I hear the phrase "stolen antiquity."
Money may not buy happiness, but it did by IKEA kitchen cabinet inserts that have made me very very happy.
aw, thanks to one of my favorite blogs!
¿Qué cosa te pone de los nervios? / What does get you on your nerves?
Phone restored! I am now the proud owner of an '09 Palm Pixie.
now she need to have her face BEAT by me :-) !!!!
omg! I would "accidentally" spill my drink on his turntable. What a dick.
Good morning!
Don't forget... Stock up on BUENO® Grandma's® Tortillas at your local John Brooks - 4 for $5 through April 14th!
You should eat some protein within an hour of finishing your workout to recover your muscles! What do you like to eat post workout?
Checkin me out lezbo damn on the sack :* ;D
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. ~ Euripides
if what you do hurts people, fucking rethink what you are doing. get with the
According to the NY Times, it was the longest investigation of wrongdoing since Oregon senator Bob Packwood.
:) for me,it's so hard to get frustrated until I sit back and take stock of all the wonderful things I've got.
cool...I was a little gushy about saying hi after last time :-)
MT : "Modified tweet" added to "A tweet amended before forwarding uses the abbreviation MT."
Luv a good weiner. : I enjoy the Wieners.: Lovin the show 2day. Memories.
Some need a reminder.LOYALTY:the quality or an instance of being loyal"Lack of loyalty is the major causes of failure in every walk of life”
Registered at #WMC2012 , booked my flight tickets ... Miami Beach Here i COme ;)
S/o to all things TEXAS are a win! BELIEVE IT!!!! TX STAND UP!!!!
Only one more Monday left this year!!
I know! And still no True Hollywood Story! Wtf??
THEY LOOK SO GOOD.
Probably good that doesn't deliver: face would be buried in a burger right now...or a 2nd burger. With a fried pickle on the side
Omg!! I've just been drinking orange juice every morning. I hope that's just as good? Haha
Touch my butt again and you'll end up in the hospital.
what sentence, I couldn't find it.
1.Go to a salon in the Castro 2. Order the Back, Sac, and Crack 3. Hang on tight!
#inmiddleschool was my comin out party as far as da ladies .... Start gettn noticed
and i love Demi Lovato i'm like 12.
Today is my last day of teaching at Muncie central...so I'm buying tons of cookies.
hahaha no i dont! I'm back, im black
Hey lovely, HAPPY EASTER <3
I'm glad! We want to keep you in the loop.
Saw hunger games last night. Counting the days until I can see it again
You hear that? That's the sound of a mass suicide in Cleveland
Angie Monday is going to be crazy good buy me something at Barneys in LA hopefully Givenchy!
RT for a Shoutout! (must be following me!)
fuk fly i am fashion tryna cop that new benz wagon
Interesting comic. I like the art :3.
i want a friend name GABI.
Why Today Cannot Be Friday!!!!!
Had a good night with my girlfriend she made me spaghetti :)
hi son! lol I was so confused!
I love college football and could give two shits about this game.
Life Limitations: if you are talking about something weird in public i do not have the statistical power of self necessary to not eavesdrop
run on in
We are looking to finish today-- however, kids keep thinking of more to add so maybe tomorrow :)
I've been. By the very nature of having to visit the bathroom, I've visited your brewery! :)
I want to do bad things with you 😉
will do!
I'm VERY excited.....not just seeing everyone back on the Tv....but this season is going to be so "gnarly ".! :-) :-) :-)
I fell in love with a snowflake until she met the sun and came undone...
Just like Lebron scared of the last shot
11 Top Celebs to Follow is all the cute boys! RT if u agree!
what happened?
Off to school..
Impending doom...
You think I've had walls up before? I'm going to have skyscrapers up now! 😖😢💔
thanks! love the parks and rec reference on your blog
I need this one thing !!! And you know what the thing.. ♥
"We're each other's settling soul mates."
And make sure to mention Salpidae, Gigantocypris and Coelentrates
Waiting at the barber shop....
Thanks Bill for following ...also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
as you should be
you're missing attribution on this
Reading "House" by Tracy Kidder. The frame isn't even up yet and I'm already convinced I don't ever want to build a house! :)
god morning niall!! <3 I'm doing great! How bout you?! :) RT or. #followmeniall!!
I just wrote this up, too!
yes! Im super happy :D I missed him so much<3 I thought a person was gonna take me or sumthin lol but I'm glad he came back for me
Sometimes I have to stop myself from doing exactly wht I jus finished saying not to do...smh
It's time for dinner:)
Senior prom is supposed to be loads of fun. Now it's all about who's mad at who. Calm the fuck down
photo or it didn't happen!
Cuz u showed me and proved me different. RT : why would you think that?
I've had to sleep with the hall light on for the past month after watching illuminati videos.
Well I'm up and I guess I will shower now
Green and Robinson!
non of my friends watch #Castle :'( but i got one to start watching it :D
Since I'm not running the marathon tomorrow, I'm sitting around making motivational graphics for my dear friend who is.
Best day ever😄
It's time for some more #AmericanHorrorStory!! Yay!!
Sometimes I wake up face-to-face with We then stare at oneanother for a brief moment which is followed by a day of awkwardness.
are you on leave or carrying your full load of work?
#McBieburger trend this people :D
Dnt try to get involved with me when I make it.
S/O to the #flyernation on a tough loss. and You had a great time in a flyer uniform
Patron needed Study and Critical Thinking Skills in College but we don't carry textbooks. No local college had it either.
#COSN '12-13 budgets must inc upgrades 2 infrastructure & replacements 2 CPU needed 2 test/certify readiness '14 US online assessments
NEWWORLDCULTURE"S LOUNGE SKATESHOP GRAND OPENING MAY1 WIT AZ"s OWN DJ ELEMENT GIVEAWAYS DA WHOLE 9 ..haha Page Themes Page Themes Page The
too cute and congrats girlie! Welcome to the Alumni Club!
Looking forward to NFL Playoffs this weekend! #nflplayoffs can't wait.
Bulls begin in 1 hour: $16 domestic buckets, $5 22oz bud/bud light drafts, $5 effen black cherry cocktails. Need we say more?
just wrapped it up...its called "Ring the Bell"...great time filming in Florida!
I'm just going to pretend you didn't say that.
If you a grown man that can't take a joke <<<
Boris Johnson: We need more tax cuts
Can you believe it is already October? Make a day out of shopping for fall clothes and lunch at Daily Grill!
i set myself up for that one.
And I'm addicted to champagne.
Twittering Negative: Gettin Hit Up by Twitter Prostitutes. SMH. And its Sunday Morning; The Day Jesus Rose from Grave.
Well done to #combatcompany today 3 gold, 3 silver and 3 bronze at WKA southern open, 9 medals out of 12 fighters, you all did us proud!
better get more bar time logged quickly: usat.ly/uI8SHB
I can't wait to see you eiither! D:
It's the last day of the ARA here in New Orleans. Come by and visit us in booth
Damn is a scrub all these people retweeted my tweet:o loser!!!(:
That'd be hilarious. Please update if you get a reply.
: that's what I'm saying. They closing all the routes I use to get down here, so Idk...they just might not see me them days😏
Ooh, I have left my chargers behind a few times. Not fun, LOL! 24-70/2.8 is killer when you need it. More zoom never hurts.
Watch at 5pm tonight! Magnolia Bay Toffee will be featured on the news as a tasty alternative to chocolate for #Valentine's Day!
Goodtimes yesterday at the summer jam. Thanks to those that came out. Next stop Bitter end on Tuesday ...
follow back?(:
omg if you don't get those i will.
My boy and I got into it tonight. And I'm glad did. After 4 years I don't think we're speaking to each other until one of us caves.
UPDATE: Car crash on Mass Pike east in Weston. Now a four mile back-up.
Getting ready for my shoot tomorrow:)
lmao u feel me i was like dont make post my number to the world ... And twitter is like .. Yea go fuck urself haha
Usually I tell people in your situation to get laid or hit the bong, but I think you need to get laid AND hit the bong.
#ideachats Make chats convos more engaging and animated. Picture = 1000 words.
Looking forward to dance this morning!👌
I like that analogy Chris. It is "rec league d" at it's best right now.
Who's excited for the Game of Thrones season 2 premiere tonight?
I'm very good :-) how about you?
lunch or coffee soon? I work downtown now at the post dispatch/stltoday.com. Hope all is well!
Good call.
You ever go into a Greek restaurant and think that's either the best hummus or the worst B.O. I've ever smelled?
HEALTHCARE- A college degree in healthcare insurance in one book. Get yours today and start your healthcare reform www.theprofittrap.com
"Ok : I'm holding the weight of the world on my shoulders. I'm ready to fly, I'm takin high. I got my eye on the prize"
NBC 2012-2013 Primetime Schedule Moves Community To Fridays With Whitney After a flood of renewals and cancellations, we now have our fir
Thank you so much for the vote! We would love to present for
I think better of Bleach than Naruto truth be told. Though I can easily see why people can hate Bleach (After SS arc).
its so hot outside is this really march or June?
THEN, this morning, my CPA called 2 tell me that, I never owed California anything, and they basically just stole Davis' college fund...
sweet like🍰 😊
Public comment finally over on #FatCityLofts project! CCDC now discussing whether to approve permits and move residential complex forward.
I am good relaxing after a long day. U??? RT
Anyone have any recommendations? ": I'm all for the LA tap festival! Know of any tap studios in LA??"
Is there a good app for dictating voice to text? I may just finish that novel...
Why does every trip to walmart erroneously convince me that im suzy homemaker w/ a beautiful garden & bustling dinner party scene??
so did Dennis Miller, but they are both assholes for denigrating &hating Obama
There have been rumors started by our competitors in which they are fabricating stories about us! I guess we have made it!!!!!!!!
Headed over the Willy B bridge on my way to the East Village. DJing at The Sunburnt Cow from 10-4 No Cover. Funk-Hip Hop-Rock
Reading with an infant is easy (as long as u can do it one-handed). With a 2-yr old, not so much. ;-) good luck!
I'm sure it's just temporary!
Does anyone know if Jesus saw his shadow yesterday?
RT via - #Longshoremen asked #oo for a resolution calling all West Coast ports to close
Thanks for sharing. Mine's been stuck on The Big Bang Theory.
aye ghurl u need a real man?(;
stay warm Las Vegas
On May 1, 1862 The Union army began landing at New Orleans and occupying the city. Read a Southern Girl's Diary account...
Hahah better than pepsi!
oh Tully! Get it!
my life is your dream ;)
S/O Zig Zagg'n on these CROCKS!!!!
Why do my arms hurt so bad this morning 😣😠
your welcome ^.^
#ketuckyBeliebers to evansville!
we love weird tattoos :)
that's all I can ask. Ha.
#RIPMCA #BeastieBoys I love their music!
you look amazing CAN'T WAIT FOR THE VIDEO SHSJDKA
Feeling much better today so more rest and meds should do the trick
I thought it was going in
just arrived in Caracas and is so excited about this residency with El Sistema for the next two months.
Today's writing tip: People like your unique writing style, not your best imitation of someone else's.
luv u Brit got the new femme fatale tour target edition DVD for Xmas best concert you have ever done 10 out of 5 stars luv u!
Coolin out!! Things on my mind...
At work it sucks. Can't wait to go home.
You want me to feed into your whispers about passionate sex, but truth is a desire for a selfish fuck
Rita Rudner~ I got kicked out of ballet class because I pulled a groin muscle. It wasnt mine.
“: Congratulations to Lisa Custodero this week’s winner of a Joe Flacco autographed photo.” I'd rather win some jail time
Aw! ...and I brought my hubby his cell phone which he forgot at home today. :)
Feeling #fearless? Us, too! We'll be at the Fearless Races on 4/14 and 4/15 at South Shores Park- come visit or participate; 7a-3p & 6a-11a.
RT: singer/songwriter/inventor
I think I'm just naturally vain. Its fun to have that big of a platform! Tho being misunderstood sucks.
Should have could have would have niccas smh<<<<<
Lolz, she would!
need to start packing soon for
come on grossman hawaii 5 o with jack lord never??
Just as long as you let us watch them.
The Blind Side :)
my album just arrived in the mail... OHMYGOSH
i will soon. we have a competition this friday in chicago. :D Brad Taylor will be there! i'll take pictures for you. :)
+1 RT : most heard topic at break? How COLD everyone is. These breakout sessions are freezing!!!
Nice. My fav? A priest, a rabbi, & a minister walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this? A joke?"
thanks bud, I appreciate it. I'll definitely teach you the rules before I head out of the states for the summer
At a time when states are reconsidering film incentives, we should not be proposing to expand ours.
Lemichael James is a great pick niners...
don't start, won't be none!
you need to open up the settings on a computer, not from the app.
#moverslongisland working weekdays, weekends, holidays, even on the day the world ends! most reliable service there is!
my bed lol
First Suite by Gustav Holst is absolutely amazing tonight while doing homework :)
6 PM to Close. Half off splits and half bottles!
Oohh, sometimes I get a good feeling, yea. I get a feeling like I never never never had before.(:
I think they are getting mad. Starting to snap back at me.
Love it! Keith, I'm working on a research report & wd love to interview u. If you DM me contact info I'll explain.
Georgetown College Lady Tigers meet Union (Tenn.) tonight 8 in NAIA semi-finals at Frankfort Convention Center
thanks for in cluding the article on
skips all the middle stories and focuses on big conversation pieces and hyperlocal focused stories.
Kickball Time!
Business in the front party in the back
Pizza Hut and Target. A winning combination.
Tonight at 8pm at the Lagond Performance Showcase door charge is only $5. Come on down!
Truffle shuffle!
Trivia: What NHL team roster can not account for any Stanley Cup rings????
I hate this feeling.
There is always, always, always something to be thankful for.
have you been to Acadiana? Great outdoor seating and tomorrow will be nice!
Thanks for the RT this morning!
Kick off your Thirsty Thursday celebration with Beckett’s happy hour from 4-7pm!
Hey, I'ma head to the restroom - you need anything while I'm up?
then I'll leave for work and it won't be my problem anymore! Lol
Or are your tweets by SethMacFarlane? LOL!
that's hot
- tripping is quite likely after drinking all that wine!
nothings... Nevermind, I can't say that in public.
-- we really miss you Amy and Rod!
THank you for the FF! You rock! :)
Are you into touring the ancient sites, cause I have book recommendation if yes.
At Douglas Heubler: Crocodile Tears, a heterogeneous composition of comic strips, plagiarized paintings, photos, and storyboards.
Bout to watch Jeremy Lin go ham!!!
history repeats on that turnover: RT " Burke tempts fate a lot by driving baseline, getting in air, and then looking to pass"
nothing much man whats good
#AHA2012 Make sure to stop by NEH Table this week! Officers: Josh Sternfeld, Joel Wurl, Dan Sack, Jen Serventi in attendance.
Just had a great first meet with the actress I'll be working with. First time reading with her and we clicked. Love when that happens!
Finally, we got a mention of reproduction in the mayor's race.
for the cookies or the company? :)
Sanchez you sonofabitch
We are introducing whisk Reputation with Yelp feedback monitoring, responding and more... Would you be interested?
I saw that one person I always look for today.
Free Webinars www.tdmwebacademy.com ; The best training you can get!
Liquidation as capital is vaporized. Let's not forget the under performing pension funds who are caught here
At the better living show working the booth! Come check it out!
Owing to the chaos of the moment, I cannot say for sure *whose* it was. But I am 95% sure it was not mine.
HMDHIS (Hang my dam head in shame) @ how often ya'll say smh & yolo, its done 2 death, Only Drake can say yolo and his ass is pushin it!! Ha
Morning Tweeties! TGIF have a great day :)
and I presented our Atlanta Historic Maps project at Esri Education User Conference this weekend.
pink eye has gotten the best of me today! back to bed...
Yeah it is.
Tell me. Would you take the 2.99 box of Trojan or a 19.99 bag of diapers. You pick? LOL
follow and please :D x61
nobody gonna slow me down...
... is seriously impressed by some typesetters today. O.o
We're u impressed with his impersonation of a drama queen last night.
We are looking to add another cook to our staff. Please apply in person at the restaurant.
Thinking about how to value introverts in the college admission process. What does self advocacy look like for them?
Conductive charging, wireless sync, bluetooth, why don't we have waterproof phones yet?
MLM Millionaire - Can you still make money in NuSkin? Some have made over $40mil but the comp plan is antique check out the review...
The elders tell of a young ball much like you. He bounced 3 meters in the air, then he bounced 1.8 meters in the air...
I wanna put hands & feet on this bxtch for beatin her child . He was only a lil baby . Shxt don't make sense Bxtch never hurd of condoms????
EVERYONE WATCH CONAN O'BRIAN TONIGHT TO SEE ! America's about to have the sh*t FUNKed out of'em!
I can only hope I'll be cleared to finish my senior year of lacrosse.
I'm trying to get the guys to play dominos like the Spanish people that we are :-P
haha gimmie a great excuse as to y i need a day off the 2nd week i start lmao. i already get sunday off
RT : poultry!! Fruit next ! #heymb RT: #heymb. If u had budget 4 only 1 organic item what would it be?”
haha basically but I think imma redo Sandeul. I barely said anything only like 3 tweets so, imma redo on him on saturday
hey lovely thanks for the follow
A2: Also, let's be honest - gossip spreads fast. There are ways to use gossip (tie in a celeb?) to your advantage.
love it. Art come to the rescue of humanity in tough times.
Your wife tells me we're munching carpet tonight?
dr.v let me know about the htm 531 class, maybe we should meet for coffee (lol) and chat
I'm sorry I won't be in today. I have to rescue my friends and save the world (again).
i hope you all had a good mothers day
Thanks! Also just had great customer service from Larry
R.I.P. Etta James
I hate it when it rains at school. I stay so sleepy.
feel better!
MT : Loved what Double Rainbow Guy said to me at #roflcon: "When you give love, people will give you love back!"
Have the decency to answer a tweet that's in good taste or get unfollowed, no other explaining need be put forth.
left my shoes in Minny
Leatherface's version of "Message in a Bottle?"
Thx to everyone who downloaded our #LMA12 materials. Think I might propose a session on #CI resources for next year. Send any questions!
. and both using real employees in their ads. Doesn't get more authentic than that.
Thanks, Danielle! Super excited about it!!
Did Wallace get hurt?
Miami yesterday was the billboards
lol yess but ur gonna b obsessed with it im.warning ur ..this is way better than fb!!
Johnny’s Pizza is proud to offer GLUTEN FREE crust!
“: Jessica-hell hath no fury like a ginger scorned #TrueBlood #coldgreylight”
i got you!
RT Headed into the gym after a 10 day hiatus... About to get it in!! Or maybe die trying!! >I got 911 on speed dial lol
sex is better when you can control yourself.
New favorite meal for the kids- chocolate chip pancakes w ice cream
The teaser for Looper is so fantastic I don't want to see any more. I'm sold.
earthobservatory.nasa.gov There's an image-of-the-day here from #NASA's earth observatory.
“: Anything from is fine by me!” nice
It's 5 o'clock and it's already dark out. Stupid Wisconsin...
Turning the ac on in my car. what a great feeling
follow me?((:
Paul Nicely as Edgar Allan Poe - with his women: and Abigail Wright!
hey nick :) you need to come to hawaii! show some love for the hawaii iconiacz?
Always telling myself I'm gonna do something then end up not doing it because lazy
The trip to Green Bay tomorrow is in the bag. Note to self: Make the BIG thermos of Costa Rican blend.
Well, I'm going to prom alone now..
hey I was with some rando that wouldn't let me go sorry!
thats what ive benn doing but the numbers keep dropping
thanks for the recommendation! I'm off to sleep off this HUGE meal and long day!
New day, New week, New oportunity....
I think so. People on facebook says last time they've seen me was a month ago. lol twitter and tumblr are such an addictive
Thanks! Been collecting for YEARS. Thought I had the entire collection AND THEN they introduce the territories! *geekily happy*
Chopped up not slopped up.
Loved it!
I dont really hate anybody but I hate her .
AND it has Paul Rudd in it! RT "Saw the movie #Wanderlust last night. Pretty damn funny"
Woohoo! Thank you!
Just started typing my essay that was due on Thursday last week.
mee either! im pretty sure no one finished.
Didn't do anything I was supposed too.
Screen Resolution Alert for Web Developers – StatCounter
safe travels today, see you 2moro - should I bring my upright?
More writers you should follow:
6 days left.
Good morning to all my hustlers and go getters. Make today productive.
I'm most likely going to a Younglife camp in Colorado for "work crew" for a month!!!
um actually email me right naow bifflawson at gmale
sure I'll join.
Candy lounge goin down tonight
I'm in San Francisco but go to LA pretty often (Brentwood/Santa Monica).
And most of them can only *hope* to one day be Megadeth. /cc
Watching at MSG with Pickapart, don't wanna see your face, better than, ocean! Great start!
3 pieces in the fridge.
2day another great sign for UW. wilson played well and gave the #badgers a spark. they'll need him as a the post-season begins
I'm the same way. I don't do well under scrutiny.
awsome i wish some how i could send fan mail to a bunch of celebs
Events for the week of April 22-28
on it now
I'm back... #supportlocalmusic Live on in minutes. Tweet requests. spread the word.
Let us know if you have questinos! RT : I want to do my year abroad at the university of Cincinnati! It looks amazing
AMEN! Are u missing who I think u'r missing?
'I would apologize but i dont realize what im doing wrong'
I know, let's stop using the user feedback address when advertising the sale of floor adhesive! ;p
i CANNOT wait for Austin's new music && i know it'll be amazing <3 -Ally
what if he bought you a drink the day after your birthday and told you how he lost his virginity and laughed at your jokes?
RT Roaches: sure they survive nuclear blasts, but they're no match for my in-sink-erator + hot water + lemon chaser.
Phone lines are open #Indy! Call in to the show now and share what's been on your mind this week. 317-736-0950
OMG I need to stop
DUDE DAVID TIGHT CAME THROUGH
Can't wait to see what you bring us!
Citing Islamic philosophy on this term paper, interesting stuff
R.I.P Miss Duty, Chris, Antwann, & Uncle Marion/Hairy. I miss you all and I love you. You weren't supposed to leave so soon. </3
No special meal offered on my flight home tomorrow?! Uggghhh I guess I'll just stay here then.
Word on the street is there is an OF pop up shop by my casa. What's the verdict?
nope just wish we where buyers and not sellers
I heard you were converting to judaism?
dear future, i bought you. i own the rights.
Working On A New Track With Mr. Young Sophisticatd Himself, Yung Neck, So Look Out For That Track Coming Soon!!!
I love it so much<3 makes me so Happy<3
RT : That Nickleback concert was fantastic!
Yes! Now...how do we motivate the weather...?? ;)
showed your tweet to and she just gagged. Looks like I'm staying in tonight.
Gottcha. Thank you so much for the info!
#YoMomma so crack a lacking that all she does is work!
Can't remember the last time I ate fast food...but jack in the box, we're about to become good friends.
they have butterfly tramp stamps… Coincidence???!? I think not!!!
I have a constitutional right to draw genitals on my forehead. If I do that while giving TV interview for my company, I might get fired.
Elite performers have a striking ability to get stuff done...do you?
Internet weak
Life is too short
RT : I couldn't agree more. It's my mission to have more folks want to claim the title- happiest in the usa!
follow before she commits!30
It will really make your iPhone feel small. LOL!!
love taco Tuesdays
Do u need graphic designs--> logos ,banners, flyers-> cheap prices 281.860.2877
When I notice women on the street I follow the 3-second rule, I don't spend more than three seconds taking a photo with my iPhone.
#FF Check out these great supporters of ROCK!
check out our graphic tees Txttlktees.com-let us know what you think.
I'll hold you to that...
Thanks, enjoy your day! RT : I just serviced car at and my, was i impressed! Im servicing my car nowhere else!
I'm on the team.
Flight back was a MASH unit: 8 wheelchairs, 1 breathing apparatus, 1 neck brace, 1 set of crutches, and my arm cast.
Trying to get 600 followers! Anyone wanna help?! Please :D
: Twitter: Where you go to exercise your phalanges’
We took one from the superstar softball team tonight. Beat them defensively, which frustrated them and kept the gas on offensively.
damn so many adventures to uncover on #Alcatraz it's a shame we won't be able to. It was a good show.
The hand bone's connected to the wrist bone, the wrist bone's connected to the arm bone...This illustrates a key environmental concept,too.
S.I.N. Night Special - $10.00 Slider, Hot Dog, Fries AND a beer! Kitchen open until 1 am.
#hosanna to the son of David, the son of Mary and Joseph, the only begotten Son of God -> Jesus Christ <-
"Just because you're religious, doesn't mean you've been set free" - Pastor Ricky Paige, Freedom Project
form sapped by too many miss universe contestants?
Do try that recipe. It's crazy-good!
On deadline this wk. If U send me a pitch, I will prob'ly miss it...anyway, early-bird Mon emails always get lost in the deluge. Just sayin
haha love the hash tag!
RT : ha always had a thing for hot cartoon girls
your the money man its in your name
ready 4 Xmas?
Late to the convo but just had a great bottle of 09 Pinot from Bought a bottle of '10 for my wife for Valentine's
who's holding the gun? will catch up on the Voice after the Bachelor. yes, that's right, watching the Bachelor.
"Stay hungry, stay foolish."
u so stupid!!!
Home from the #reasonrally. A bit over 14 hours from hotel in DC to home. Very glad to have gone, but also glad that drive is done.
Then why u listening.
Your not your own worst enemy!!! Not even close!!!! U like urself!!
Is there a way to crop austin out, I want it to just be me and my baby cullen.
People use it. Heavily. RT : RT : You can stop making infographics about social media now. We're good for a while.
gettin off of here if anyone one wants to talk text me
"it is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place.”
Thought for the Day: "Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement." -Henry Ford
I think collaboration requires engagement and interaction, while following can be done quietly.
you're a true professional... you shall be named
At night im alone with my thoughts.
Staying up all night because of a project...
A big problem ahead RT : NFL Gen Cnsl says intellectual property issues w patent trolls becoming more prevalent.
looking forward to to the drive tomorrow to be on NBC and Alabama Live in Montgomery Alabama at 11am.
Land of assumptions.
lmao he already said he would. But I'm scared he will see me and be like ew so yeahh. But fine I'm done, gosh.
It's the last day to see #AFT! Are we going to see you there tonight?
true Jamaican breakfast. I never got my tea though
#ItsFunnyHow you respond when i haven't said a thing in three days.
Cool, what are you presenting on?
It sucks when you are really really sick and can not enjoy a Great cup of coffee!
join us all at our famous tailgate party #power #pahr hosted by
Closing for the night. We'll see y'all tomorrow!
Working with big business can be risky (BP), but helping to change their behavior can be helpful for conservation
is quality music, sleepytime or not!
I wish I saved all the tears I ever cried for you, So I could f*cking drown you in them
Maybe that's the problem... “: USA and Kazakhstan are tied 1-1 after two periods. This is not what the Americans had in mind”
Beer, Bites, and Brushes! Lush Confection's first stop for Tampa Beer Week! Cheers.
Chocolate milk & netflix , chill Friday night (:
I set you guys an email
I cracked up when i Looked on my desk last night!
parked at the corner of 10th and Wells.
He broke that dudes nose
Good morning, luvs!!!
The plant is not trying to make a statement except to probably tell me to water him.
I'm saying it for your sake, you retard.
RT : Eating before #foodiechat yummy milkshake!
It's hot as Hell in my apartment.
Cycle of poverty: Effects of poverty slows learning in most, Learning slower = failure = push out = no HS diploma = poverty 4 ever
happy 16th birthday!:) I love you & I hope you see this!:)
We're gearing up for Mothers Day & our Community Baby Shower this weekend. What's the most important thing you learned from your mother?
Get great deals at many bars in DT with your California VIP Card! Doesnt expire till Dec. Call today to get yours for only $25 619.226.1121
4 more hours until i'm outta here!!!!!
Love it! A Maslow Level 1 Hat Trick it is! RT : Maslows 1st level hat trick
GAME ON
Don't lol
Looks like Bosh will miss the remainder of the Heat/Pacers series... #HeatGang ???
Hey , lemme get them game winnin' shoes. I still don't have no shoes from da fawr!
I don't wanna work.... At least I'll be at Dave and Busters later tonight for the weeklies! Hopefully stream hiccups will be gone this time
nope. was yellow so asked for more #bourbon - drink was still light. Waiter was adamant when bill came. Yikes.
Why do you say that?
“: Ah” what's with all the yelling? Ha
Yawn...another technical award for "Hugo"...doesn't look good for Scorcese.
Laying in bed with my dog❤
"A best friend is like a Four Leaf Clover, Hard to find and Lucky to have."
Need to lose twenty pounds
sounds like a plugin that is hanging somewhere in the code
its a tweet love lol
haha that's why I use free OnDemand pilates
Better Janet than Michael!
True. I hope you mention me out there.
one wish when I'm deceased... bury me in my diamond supply & sb's...
As a grad student from UTPA I thank you for the follow.
Can't divulge too many details right now, but y'all are gonna be hearing LOTS of music from me this year! Stay tuned....
yes, it's all about the presentation!
I was looking for you this morning!
Remember and use #cltOscarwinner for your answers on best picture for a FREE #cltbuzz tshirt
Ryan Gosling let Magic Johnson go bareback on him so he wouldn't feel so "Aidsy"
Awesome! RT : Absolutely love beautiful days like these in good ole #RVA. Going to the park for the 2nd time today w/ my nephew!
awesome! So glad it went well :)
Partying Alcohol and Sex last nite... Yea pretty much rounds up my weekend
Thanks for the the extra ticket! is excited for the tonight!
Me: "Vinnie Chulk! (Going to lose this game for sure)." : "HE GOT KERRY WOOD OUT DOE."
are you going?
Gosh! It's the same one I started with. Am I drunk?
#Apple is raking in the money. Mid-day Wednesday the store is packed and there's a dedicated line just to buy iPads.
my phone changed the word cause I spelled it wrong typing it lol
they have buckets of cashews the size of your head. Who eats that many cashews?
Play hard work hard play hard work hard
Looking for a Account/Project Manager to join the growing Cinecraft team...
Had no idea the dad from 'Step by Step' coached the Phoenix Coyotes.
It was great meeting you. I enjoyed the Tweet Up.
#ThingsStalkersDo Still your panties
Welcome to Twitter glad you joined the madness.
Pssst... Our followers/friends will get exclusive info and chances to win tickets for our grand opening celebration in May. Pass it on!
early bird gets the worm #JaFeel ? Lol
I totally suck at being a karate mom. Sweep the leg? I can't even tie the belt correctly.
For those who suffer from Pac-Man Fever, we pray.
my Friday the 13th sucked. rip grandpa. I love you<3
I want to hear "Young Homie" by on #mrchrisrene. Pls play it :)
follow me back,, can u plz share my page i need followers
We need to trend something for the guys!
you've done plenty!
Berry's M.O. “: Having fun & misbehaving as always! :) #Motorama”
Yes #PTSD from any source in a parent effects the children, those who are verbally, physically or sexually abused esp.
has me winning 2013 Democratic Mayoral Primary v. Wagner, Lamb & Peduto and my approval rating has skyrocketed to 24%!
thinking and writing about the arts at www.susanefine.com; sneak peek: the arts are what will sustain us.
Not a good week for Spanish sides in the Champions League. Maybe they'll have more luck in the Europa League
Rickie Weeks is there!
Since there's so much Larry stylinson stuff on twitter I'm surprised they don't just come out so everyone can be like "I KNEW THEY WERE FAGS
constant sifting, sorting, buffeting and standing in the way of - it's hard
Everyone go follow
Love seeing future #Badgers make Kohl Center memories. Right and ?
I can never stay mad at you. I always end up forgiving you even though you don't deserve it.
Spoiler alert, The Avengers is even stupider than Star Wars. Not that I've seen either.
United Checker Cab is now following me. Do they think I shouldn't be driving myself home?
Wait so how is only an hour and a half to evansville for you but i live in louisville and it's 2? lol
seriously! So terrible !
#WhenAustin wears his superman shirt. <3
Just try to restrain yourself til the weekend !
I keep meaning to pick that up. I'll have to add it to the to-read pile.
Sucks that my two othermean girls left & hate me. Lol who will be mean with me?
please... tell me more.
i love my mommy for bringing me food
that sounds like a plan...always a good choice
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez can u please please please please please please please please please please FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!:)
this is unfortunate...
#DYK Marbling: The specks of fat (intramuscular fat) distributed in muscular tissue.
*wipes away tear* You raised that young man right.
The joys of our profession. It is the same everywhere it seems. Do I have the pleasure of knowing your esteemed colleague?
#Trivia Q: AMC's new series #ThePitch premieres on Monday. How is #SUBWAY involved? Correct answers 1, 3 and 5 win gift cards!
Hi,,Is Wales going to leave UK, like Scotland,don't get much Welsh news here,thanks Bob
Thanks for the support! RT : new hat. delicious food. Love supporting locals.
I'll be out In a minute
- We'll miss you too!! Come visit soon!
What's the over/under that Red Sox Manager Bobby Valentine doesn't make it to the All Star Break?
NBA defending champs Dallas Mavs 1st team out of playoffs in 4-0 sweep to OKL Thunder.
Time for bed. I have a festival to work in the morning.
Matta strikes me like Cal does everyone else. He came out of nowhere and gets these top recruits. Like Self at KU.
why not Paul?
Im glad the debt ceiling got passed so the Tea Partiers don't miss their Civil War Re-Enactments
Got me cracking upp... They silly.
RT : Time on app and sessions per day are key for app engagement.
He actually made one haha
she's the best huh?=]
Anyone ever make it through an MFA program without suffering some sort of brain implosion? Tell me your secrets!
I'm actually going to cry right now.
If you invested in Citi Group at a 99 cent sale today you are a happy camper
Thanks Elise for the Panera tomato soup. :D
haha. what are we doing this weekend?
If I made cookies we could just look at them..I am worlds worst cook
City of Promise reception at Venable- nice showing of folks.
Its Tuesday! Make Oz apart of your weekly lunch by trying our Mongolian Beef for $8.50 or Spicy Ginger Shrimp for $9.50!
Who's ready for what happens Friday morning when that bell sounds off
Get it Knox
Damn. That's a lot of boxes. Go you!
You aren't very picky if you hang out with me.
Today's Twitter Tuesday Deal @ PFP is 20% off CBK Vanilla Frosting Mix! Use coupon code: CBKVanillaFrostMix20off Today Only/While they last
It's a beautiful day
I wish Google would release an API for Play Music so other apps/sites could use it. It would be wonderful.
Take it to Express Lube. We'll change the oil, adjust your tire pressure, and vacuum the interior of your vehicle.
When you see crazy coming cross the street....
Just came back from Narnia with my bff :)
thanks for the follow. please tweet your funny thoughts and observations :) xo
A big hello to our new followers! We've got some FANTASTIC events coming up so don't move a muscle. You don't want to miss the announcements
FB will be #Facebook 's stock ticker symbol when it becomes public. FACE was already taken by a cosmetics company
Live for the now and whats here. Stop living for what may be or what may never come. Live for the day already here.<3
I can't even comment on this article.
hope you get it all complete before the rain; at least I had awesome weather to enjoy, but my hands hurt today.
good call on pick of songs! Stuff everyone could like.
Okay, any time after like 7PM YOUR TIME I'm good.
It takes more than 140 characters, so I'll tell u at the ACS happy hour next Fri.
I guess it might seem like I had a strange day if you go back and read my past 5 tweets...
will murder RT : #Kings and #Coyotes tied at 1 after 2 periods. I called 5 OTs earlier and I'm not backing off of it.
Adding a SoCal MLS real estate feed to a property management companies Facebook Fan page.
With no closer the Yankees season is done. Get better Mariano Rivera
Good answers on our Twitter Poll (Please RT!) - Whats the last professional sporting event you attended? NBA, NFL, MLB or NHL?
Scared the absolute shit out of and Bianca after watching insidious. Night made.
Fuck sex without head
To be brutally honest, we have suffered bigtime since Robert Gibbs left the West Wing. Jay doesn't know how to lie nearly as well as Bobby.
1080 is really slipping
The tournament is always fun. I'm watching earlier than I usually do.
“: If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? -John Wooden”
#Philles radio said the team called Bryan LaHair for his input on Ryne prior to hiring him for A. Hope they asked #Cubs first.
"girls directioners hearts"? wow, classy.
Just joined twitter!
I still can't listen to the song badfish.. Thanks for that !
very interesting! retweet!!
I even take pics of myself crying hahahahahahha
Join Our Musical Town, UNCG Music Education students, for a variety of musical activities and adventures TODAY at 3pm!
What's everyone wearing on carmagedon?
I hate the oscars what a waste of time...time to hit the bed
I ran out of printer ink when trying2print the volunter application for the Make a wish foundation(cstx.wish.org),bad time2run out of ink.
saw your video wit n loved it u hav to do another
Last full day here in Jamaica... It's been full days of powerful ministry! Please keep us in prayer for our last meeting tonight.
“: I really don't know how to handle all of these white women.” If I had a nickel...
Paid, social, community grass roots...we could've done nothing and we still would've hit a home run -
Hahahahahhaa I'm prob failing math
oh i TOTALLY agree with that. my mom openly told me "i really hate you...only love you because i HAVE to."
Apparently I need to come to Canada and eat Butter Chicken, Poutine, and maple bacon doughnuts.
Good pitch.
Here we go #Bills, 2 big picks here.
Retweeted a lot...
Couldn't agree more, coach. Learned about him through a Traveler's Insurance commercial and been digging him since.
Yay...I'm tired and angry and have a headache. WHAT TO DO NOW.....hur. I'm going to draw...
ready to buy this plane ticket to L.A.! Super excited!
how you been homie
Online registration has reopened, there are only a few spaces left. Once we hit 70, we're closed.
martial arts does help w discipline & focus. That had to be scary. Shudders.
Pre-Valentine Speed Dating Event!! Try a new approach to dating.Register online today only pay $15..www.tri-statespeeddating.com
so, how was the massage?? are you more relaxed than you've ever been in your LIFE? ;)
Free throws are not free.
pretty solid week. The Boston girl is a Terrible person
Exact Match Keywords Coming to Google AdWords - Search Engine Marketing (blog)
At Wall Street...
tweet": The Win! They now have a 3-0 lead on the in the Western Conference Finals! #GoKingsGo!"
add men facebook yall
haha this is truee. Im going half with my mom(:
Hello AMC Do you still have AMC independent?
so I think Rachael has to work Saturday! :( but me and Sarah will be there. ((:
Think I am sick. O.o
RT : encouraging Dizzy's audience 2 support live jazz in NYC:
BUT IT'S SO GOOD!
"Beastie Boys" rapper has died. R.I.P. MCA
Sent you a DM
Just hit you back!
The voices of Ben Gazzara & Sam Elliott in the movie Roadhouse inspire me. Not to mention the soundtrack rox!
Join TONIGHT for our member appreciation event 5:30pm. A $10 donation can help elect a #proCONSERVATIONsenate!
Game of Thrones time
I don't get why your happy
that was a great MacGyver vid you posted! I used to work with Ted Kraig. Great guy!
haven't seen em but I am SURE they are! #teamnickneedsanewwoman !
Tell someone today one thing about them or one shared experience you'll always remember!
I had 2 change my freakin costume @ the last freakin minute, how freakin sucky is that!? Freakin cool what I'm freakin wearing now tho. ;)
"'We could all learn from crayons: Some are sharp, they are all different colors, but they all have to learn to live in the same box."
go play a coffee house for several nights Use a music stand if you have to until you have them memorized--easier than at home :)
well I'm here in Chicago for a little weekend getaway , my bday monday I'm so excited aha
I really enjoyed that book. Let me know what you think when you're finished
I'm calling that one "the torture episode".
One must fight for a life of action, not reaction
Folks kept telling me last night that they knew they'd see me even though it was terribly unlikely. I got my annual dance out of my system.
unfollowing you for the draft you're ruining my excitement
I assumed it was female-to-male so hard that I couldn't even understand your tweet for a min.
Anyone able to recommend a reasonably-priced laptop, mostly for writing so it doesn't need a behemoth hard drive.
ahh ok me too I love DC and christopher Nolan but avengers doesn't look bad haha but dkr will definitely be better :D
Kudos to you, No. 1 Diehard Fan!
I am flying today...Thanks Vice Pres for making me a lil paranoid...Kidding I am sure I will be fine...Happiness is a swine flu free flight!
thank you! We'd love z feature :)
What's up with the rain #Cali?!? All bad...
Steve Walker, OFA Southern Region Director, now speaking to the !
Get home from work and see an hr. old FB posting from nephewinlaw saying baby is on his way :-) ..Two weeks early.
Happy #hump day!!
Trying to attack prog. tax system by labeling it "redistribution" poor argument. Even flat tax would be redistributive.
haha living here too, life's just going by and I'm going through it haha
Can't no dude run game on me that's a PROMISE !!
Tell us about "The Things We Cherished."
Running like a ninja to catch the bus and once you get on everyone is staring at you X[
yup...Ronaldo another player he likes. And Kaka.
Just chillin a little this a.m. Fantastic response from those attending Emotional Eating Elimination class, last night.
We might stack up our spare cash from our cap space and use it as a tackle.
with ant student section creativity, that kid was so rattleable
Buying a Digital TV Recorder |
: Grilling quail with charmoula
you have an adorable nose...
We need a big hit Tex
He calls himself Metta World Peace, but he's still Ron Artest.
On Skype With :]
S/O to MeanMugMusic! Am I right?
is Nick Brown's new profile. Just thought I'd let ya know, he's a pretty cool guy from what I hear =P
Flawless inspection from the health department! Nice work everyone!
#spotifylove and love. :) RT just found you on Spotify :) YES
I am a lifelong Democrat! You couldn't pay me ENOUGH to vote for Romney!!!!!
Looks Gorgeous In Her Twitcon (:
“: Stand4Change at 11am. Stand up in silence. Anti bullying campaign!”. You were far from a bully Blossom!
Just hit up the very classy Two Buck bar in Kimberly.
They say people with a sense of humor have a better sense of life ;)
ps need help w/ lighting? We just got a dope ass flag kit
Free coffee at Caribou Coffee tomorrow for Earth Day.
Thanks Miss Mollie! Hope you grabbed one of our #OaklandsTight albums or t-shirts.
are you referring to the ear plugs?
"Don't open a shop unless you like to smile."
.: in Private Bodies, Public Texts, returns to call to be attentive, not only of, but in, our words
Peter Shankman: If you want something never had before do something you've never done before
Chillin with my son & nephews & man the convo these lil adults 5-7yrs old have is funny but I can't laugh in their face..
Adrianne_JW: Definitely! -- RT : ChrisVestal: BTW is 140 characters really the best way to discuss the alignment project? #sl ...
Ok I'm having a Skype call tonight with people who wanna help me with the contest so DM me your Skype and I'll add you:)
Zimmerman finally bout to get sentenced
like what?:-)
why is Aaron Rodgers getting no love for MVP
Anywhere else it's,"I got 99 problems but a ***** ent one". Where i stay it's," I Got 99 Problems But A Witch ent one".
Thank you everyone! :-)
Done with all my exams
Today we celebrate a man who not only discovered America, but also directed Mrs Doubtfire and Home Alone.
anyways we're only human so yeah hahah
well, they had trouble finding it in the first place, as it was three sizes too small.
The fiction of "final outputs"
Yeah, he's getting an ego. Glad you're doing well. lost his head, so he has to undergo dino surgery (superglue)
- #7MZ6: Gave some groovy tips on how to get an "Off-Duty" NYC cab to stop!
sure, whatever you say 😘
Sounds like a good idea to me.
We know one fam that's doin it right manana
Now we can stop suffering through these painful stories!
home still
2 chainz is a walking dread lock
Well, the power is out at work. Time to get some coffee.
Holy cow. Ashton kutcher is no George Straight. ACMs
"unending" would certainly be the word.
When my supervisor takes vacation it's like we ALL get a vacation.
the only answer is to gain weight yourself
The moment where you see someone sexy on the trolley & they get off. -.-
"Coloring" > Chemistry HW
Yes sir!!! That's why I always wore that number and where Trey got his name!!
I have been looking everywhere for a WSU or USA track jersey to rock in support of you this summer but cant find one...
Broke the curse!
Excited about my upcoming appearance!
Thinking if I Should Call Him or Not...
I've missed you so much! Can't wait for you to come stay with me ^.^
great sir
I'm still really afraid to see Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close. Terrified. May never watch it.
I swear...sometimez I TRuLY believe that if I could like bitchez I would... Dudez will make You feel some kinda way...
Omw to Nashville!!!
Finished some dope disco funk yesterday with on to the next one :-)
#InstantTurnOn if you like My Chemical Romance
he's not really what I'm looking for
Looking for promoters to add to our staff. If your a social, outgoing person please get in contact with us, and see what it takes.
OK, I guess I should check my @ messages more often! Thanks! That's one of the rows back in the stacks.
In 2002 gave the city of San Diego an award rating it as one "of the top ten cities to cycle in." Wonder what the criteria was
just landed in Chicago
Eh, it's okay.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen thinks his 6 followers actually care
Game 5 of the brewers series about to kick off. Very nervous about this one.
welcome back to Omaha!! Hopefully I'll run into you next time I'm at Capitol :)
The Bucks continue to shoot and.... miss
i wasnt there either, im gonna go tomorrow bc of my game
Those who say that NE cheatin wasn't a big deal is a fool. U can't successfully change all your sideline signals at half
You may be right. I may be crazy. But it Just might be a lunatic you're looking for.
I am, that was sarcasm!
RT: I love sleeping next to you every night and I love checking on you first thing in the morning. iPhone, I love you.
#thatawkwardmoment when somebody tweets something they saw on someone else's profile and try to act like they said it.
Someone come see Avengers with me tomorrow! That and the Dark Knight Rises are on my summer movie list.
#umpiring later tonight!
playing cludeo. thinking of y'all :)
Wanna hear a secret? Oh wait.. I Love You and thats no secret!!<3
Loving the #HungerGames. Best way to stay occupied while everyone's on spring break
Survived my first Zumba class.
Just played Alex and Samara's birthday party and now we're shopping like tough guys
We'll have three employees there running! Fingers crossed the severe weather will STAY AWAY!
Thanks for the mention Monster Steven! MyFlik.com would like to interview you about your award winning animated films.
Thanks for the plug!
Go Follow My Bro
followed, follow back?(:
Climategate... ever heard of it, oh wait they didn't make a movie about that yet.
good idea and will do!
Thanks for following and @ TFriends2034
Super didn't realize rosslyn station was closed. Cabbing it to the retreat.
: why do you not embrace
I think I'm going to take it in the summer !
"They" keep talking about manufacturing in the US, yet it only makes up 9% of our economy.
DKR by a bunch.
you'd be fortunate, even, if that happened.
Where do you think the Rockies will finish in the NL West this season?
Second row at graduation. Walking with EVERYBODY IS ABOUT TO SEE MY JUNK. YEAH NIGGA!!!
dead is still dead. The world (and YOU) have a biased disgusting double standard. You are ok with murdering innocents - shameonu
Hard at work planning our days for SXSW! Planning a showcase? Throwing a party? Hit us up - we want in!
Tonight at Swayze's Venue with ASTRO JONES, and THE KING IN YELLOW - Show at 7pm, All Ages.
Good Morning Everyone!
Love that is talking abt internal process & change management. Huge but often unspoken topic for
@ yvette, this time she tweeted damask cheek dampened
only the flying kind.
I can never fall asleep anymore :/ #isthatnormal ?
Hey. Hey. It may take a while but you shouldn't give up. If that's what you want to do, you should do it.
school tomorrow (: good night guys!
You might also take a look at the novel "B Sides and Broken Hearts" by Caryn Rose, kind of a '90s band girl-fan thing.
Not meant to be negative. Thought the effort was short-sighted. I want to elevate the conversation and find ways to be inclusive.
Bddaa Drink Another Ensure
Im thinking of asking for my co pay back.
Marketing,Engineering,video,Mixing & Mastering production will bankrupt you and 95% of the time u dont get back what you invested.
House of pies with
At barwest in Sac watching NCAA finals and just walked in with the Suns.
"It makes me want to study harder. To do what I want to do, I need to be an example. " -Madonna U student after becoming engaged in CPV/LCAN
Have u ever thought when u judge a book by its cover it may not be what it seems if u take the time to read it u may like it
<==I would love to take my mom. She has been a great support and we haven't vacationed together in years!
All 3 books of the Hunger Games... CHECK... Spoiler alert. EVERYONE DIES! ..... (just playin) but seriously, everyone dies.
My monogram necklace came this week. I have been so stoked...but I think I'm allergic to it.
Thanks for a great show last night. Thanks to Annie's Puppy! LOL
Locally nonprofits generate $6 billion in business activity (sales, shipments, receipts, revenue, other business)! Ask me how your business…
"I miss you more" texts >
Is used to mean Harris, Dawkins, Dennett, late Hitchens & any w similar ideas, esp opposing privilege for religious opinions.
tht might be the dumbest thing anyone has said all night
it means right ear
IS IT MY IMAGINATION OR ARE BAGELS GETTING BIGGER
I'm thinking of training for a 5k. Would be my first. I know you're a runner & wondered if there r races memorial day weekend.
Thanks enjoying my cocktail!
I hate you both. Lol
I should go to work.
Very cool. I was just glad the Hollywood people did something nice, for once. Sad we won't make the family cruise.
You are very welcome! I'm looking forward to visiting your cart soon!!!
No rims at Medfield Rec, street view lied.
Damn my phone been dry for a while now. Fuck all y'all.
Us too Darren!
sorry - diff David!
"you're a sweet sensitive girl who doesn't like being mad."
oh, there are headphones in my office on my desk if you need to borrow some...
A moment of pure madness in the ManC-QPR game
Today has been a day full of everything.
Genuinely disappointed to miss on stage and I wish all at #LWS a great week! is the man!
blah blah blah and my chicken was rolling lol. I don't be thinking bout everybody I just remember who in my house lol
Go dig a hole
I got you frank. All love of Cleveland.
Going to six flags tomorrow ! ; D
In the market for a beautiful property, Stop by and see one of our many Open Houses this weekend #Maryonthesquare #Philadelphia Real Estate
Happy International Women's Day!
is killing it in the studio right now!
How is it that everytime you hug me, I miss you even more than I did before....
I will once I find my actual camera
Continually amazed at all the different forms that mental illness takes.
Ok, off to watch a bit of the crazy box (as gram used to call it). Night all!
Valid critique? RT : "Your waterfalls are too wet." --Yosemite visitor
Welcome to Chwitter!!!
You think?;)
very fitting stat for your profile photo ;-)
Great day 1 #jdcdc pulling elementary school performance data from PDFs
yeah your not following anyone
RT Will accreditation for higher ed be changing forever? Check out NACIQI & CHEA draft report on its role--being discussed
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
Totally not what I meant. YOU just took it to a whole other level. So I obvs went with it.
. interesting article on #greenIT. Tortise v. Hare. Slow & steady wins
Did someone just say " I'm saved from the waste up"......
I wouldn't know how to act!
lipton pomegranate blueberry iced tea, you are my new morning friend -
Nick Young has that Ray Charles thing goin on
On the road to find out
kiss me c:
hahha okay! thank you so much though for trying to get it done (:
RT : Over next 3 years, #OaklandCounty will add nearly 34,000 job, mostly high paying jobs
whats that mean?
are you at Dave's
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
COME JOIN US 2night for the viewing of BET HIP HOP Awards...
what movie did you watch?? I'm looking for one to throw on & can't decide lol ...
haha that's smart :)
RT : is the new Pete Campbell.
Work time then time when I get home (:
well I guess you'll be doing Monday in the hallway... ;) and it was quite awkward, it was the one girlfriend who doesn't like me...
Time to watch the !!
Too lazy to actually tweet what's on my mind so I'm RT'ing like a mofo. Lol, oh well.
I will pay the bill of lading in beer or appetizers, your choice. Cc:
I work, but he will be there. I expect a full recap
Thank you so much!
I need to follow my heart.. or whatever that is throbbing so loudly..
Are you smarter than ur #email prog? I sent a msg & mentioned an attachment but int didn't incld. Before sending, my prgram asked for it.
