RIP Vidal Sassoon
I have major problems with it being run by straight white cis guys and all the ensuing bigotry, but they aren't terrorists.
From today's #fcvw - "Dead trees = outdated practices." Think that only applies to education and not to records?
Asked my DH please choose Danny on ur ballot. He asked Why? I silently prayed "Get Jesus back in the schools" Said he's a friend
It's Wine down Wednesday ALL day! 50% all bottles of wine under $99 w purchase of an entree!
Omw to this job fair at acs
#ReasonsWhyTheCrimeRateGoUp because there's more doughnuts in the world then people and a brotha has to eat
It's Pub Radio Music Month.Shout out to FF
Listening to Laura Zeilinger fro talking about federal plans to #endhomelessness. All about #affordablehousing!
Super wonderful INSTANT support - very, very impressed!
On tumblr. Quite often actually.
A soppy tweet makes me wanna kick someone in the clit. You're responsible for youre own happiness, or lack of. Time to take responsibility
Can't understand the race to the bottom. Profit is a good thing.
Happy New Years (2011) everybody.
Personally and professionally, ask the next question. You'll build stronger relationships and codify better ideas.
damn what is with u and spiders? Lol
omg u can read can u read?? lol i cant
#myworstfearis i am going to lose my best friends
Head over to www.crowdclick.com for the Brick 3 Pizza deal - 50% off!!
"I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries." - Stephen King
It's earth week, and as city council prepares to hear all about a bag ban, students are making comments. #firstgraders #recycle!
Ready for some family BBQ time!
Cyborgs rule, luddites drool. Hint: yr cyborg if yr reading this.
dont u love when random assholes call you a white bitch?
Maybach Limo Services coming soon, stay tuned.
The moment when you realize your coffee is too cold to drink....
listening to music ! (: #LoveHer and she's gorgeous ;O
scared of my future im destined for great a nation of miinds the glory is placed now throw your L's as we awake -
Home from louisville so exhausted
Some nights a brother's gotta rock some Depeche Mode.
Her writing focuses on providing tips and useful information on the importance of living a healthy lifestyle
Bring on the Dragon ...
Going to the movies for my two loves...Jess and Lincoln!
Capped off the weekend with the best play Ive seen in a long time. See Good People Westwood. You won't regret it!
Lol I was sleeping on ab-soul for too long.. Definitely one of my favorites!
Thanks for being a Purveyor at our upcoming event on April 2nd! We followed you!
why does my friend hav cute gay friends. and they smart...son of a
I see some the people you have to deal with on here, but I for one always look forward to your insight. Thanks again
#Shoutout to :D
he should've backed off one more time. Poor approach into the 18 green at best.
John Stanley narrates much of his bio-doc I WAS A TV HORROR HOST from inside the Castro Theater. It should be used as a location more often.
The owls are not what they seem.
so its 5am and i woke up just to tweet you
KL Girl? Hopes this is good...
Have you ever wanted to vote in the Oscars? NOW YOU CAN. Virtually. ow.ly/9aUXT
Big win in the civil war!!! #goducks #
My sports club summer season officially starts today! Going to the social to meet my fellow teammates later tonight, that's exciting!
The happiest people in this world are those who have the most interesting thoughts. - William Lyon Phelps
Sleepy time for my little bear
“: The school of business looking even nicer than the school of architecture. #TFM”
Dang wish you could do it with me! 6 a.m. class here I come haha
Waking up to an empty house <
After being behind 6 people ordering sugary frappe drinks, I wonder if I'm the only person left who orders coffee at a coffee shop.
RT : On my way to NYC to visit & Any favorite hidden finds I should visit is on my list
Ready for the parties andd after prom parties #partymood ^.*
Friday - 4/15/2011- Recessionista Friday @ 5:00PM Happy Hour with live music from Abbie Maxwell Trio and Free Taco Bar
Cheese! Or butternut squash. RT : Which do you prefer: Meat filled Ravioli, cheese filled or other?
Go digital on those flashcards and that joke will totally be no joke. JK! Or are we?
Gays guys gals my B-DAY is on december 16 so 14 days left yay ☺ u now what will make my day is if selena gomez followes me on my B-day ♥
I'm pretty sure I can hear the #roaddron singing "When the Wiz go Marching in" on KSMO.
Follow and check out www.darksideparanormal.com. Then hide. Again.
Thank you for the +K! Really appreciate it.
not sure. I guess it. Was suicide. Very sad. Great guy.
“: ok so yu finna be in dallas?”yep
Can't wait 2 find out where my #Internship is going to end up being =^-..-^=
NATO Summit practice .... reassuring isn't it ? (sarcasm here) ;-)
but how do we keep the government out?
speaking of sushi (not really) so when?
Just started using for a client. It was easy to set up. Getting collaborators to work on it virtually is a snap with OnStage.
damn right!
#NiallNeedsSexualHealing I VOLUNTEER.
The "sector d" portion of episode 179 of the overthinking it podcast is harshing my mellow. My mellow was pretty harsh to begin with.
WVU 73 - Kentucky 66; going to the final 4 for the first time in 51 years; LET'S GO MOUNTAINEERS!
RT : " #Life is not about finding our limitations, it's about finding our infinity." Herbie Hancock
RT : Really wish we had Stanton Social here in DC, my decision would be so easy :/
is giving out huge discounts on all of our services! Be sure to contact us and don't miss out on these great deals! 858-736-9151
Slide to wear??
we all put it in the a-yerrrrrrrrr.....and you know this man
See you guys tomorrow at 7:30!
i got u already did
Lol. You and your friends offer to murder me, and you're going to complain?
hey guys, plz follow u will get lots of updates on everything possible just ask! xx lol xx babe
"when in doubt, knock 'em out"
Poor Mouse had crystals. So new agey of her.
Chris Pirie of Microsoft & ASTD Chair talking on interface IT & Lrning. WOW! As educators world being upended.
Morning! Wishing all a blessed week filled with progression in all aspects!
iight hit me up when you get done
A big congrats to for finding the gift card! Enjoy your delicious meal, Emily!
SO F-N TRUE.
life goes on.
When says I'm amazingly hot & sexy >>>
I loved the "Adios Amigos" LOL
RT : Congrats you won a swag bag!
I figured that would happened because it always does happened, when it goes bad.
Stunning selection! First place is truly amazing.
Tweeting - is that actually doing work?
Stay young by playing a childhood recess fave and enjoying cafeteria fave tarot tots Register today! Kickball.com
I would have been good with just butter too. M butter.
Something in his deep brown eyes has me sayin' he's not all bad like his reputation 
"Tomorrow is not promised, yesterday is gone, and today is here. Never make the same mistakes twice"
Those burrs appear to now be available on the Baratza website. Am awfully tempted...
This is a great idea. :) I use treadmill time for the same thing.
but im not going to..
#SO to College being the only library open late on Saturday. Also, #ASO to being surrounded by obnoxious, loud morons.
Tune in right now for a beautiful piece composed by our guest !
Who will win the NNS race today??
Yes, but reservations may be tight. We'd give them an advance call: (973) 297-5875
Taurus is yummy! ^_^ Leo is sexy and Aries are animals...Scorpio are sex addicts and libras...well we know how to blow ur mind ;)
#MMWordAssociation Alliteration Domination
Headshots are done and I'll be sending my top picks to my prospective agent.
totally agree...
Dripping sweat
So much to do :/ , way to stressed out
I'm channeling my inner Laura Ingalls Wilder today and wearing my new prairie dress. Ain't nothing gonna slow this #saturdaylibrarian down
if you want a pixel perfect design with dynamic content in every possible browser/device - look into print, the web is not for you
there is some exciting developments coming soon!
LETS GO CARDINALS!!!
5 people were picked for the MTV superfan interviews tomorrow. im one of them & i know another 2 girls from FB who got it also(cont)
I want neither okc or lal to win. rooting for a meteor or something. :-)
It's piss.. Well i was going to say alcohol But piss just sounds a lot better
Confession # I have a pocketbook addiction
hey are you coming down to new York?
indeed it is.
#americanidol Idol contestants were all awesome. Wish everyone the best of luck.
I wasn't able to watch today but do they livestream every Sunday?
Send us links to your footage!! We want to know whose been getting down
Thank you for the mention #FF for cool zombie gear!
that was my list of "favorite books in 2011 not written by friends from Prague in the 90s"
Just smoked a blunt to the head. Can't sleep
So exhausted. I thought today was friday. So tired of deadlines. Work work work n more work.
... and you are a martyr to the swag on the corner?
That's a great story! Is Kaz supportive of being called "enhanced" now? ;)
She's presenting now @ the live studio ": Excited to possibly run into wil walking around "
hey i know you bout to go ham on the lunch mix!
there is a similar archive of photos at the Anaheim public library that's open to the public.
nah jus dey big as hell..
RT : You must live your life from beginning to end: No one else can do it for you. - Hopi proverb
So who is this norton guy Anderson cooper asking questions and he just being non chalant! Ugh
Hi ariana <3 u should really give me a henna tattoo:D then i can make it a real and get it tattoo'd on me<3 !
#harp applications growing. Eberly
#imsinglebecause relationships are so pointless at this age unless you really have found that girl who is worth it, I haven't
I wonder if you could use js to control an animated gif, the same way you use css to control sprites
Less than two weeks to go until #FPANorCal. It's sold out (like every year!) and features an awesome lineup.
Had so much fun at our divisional cookout last night at !!
A big Happy Birthday to the dude of dudes from all us at The Rub
In chicago? That will be pretty tough competing with belly. .
Yes, then again what's on the paper needs to make sense :)
is american sizes of clothing bigger or smaller than british?
Love is not measured by how many times you touch each other but by how many times you reach each other.
Saw that! They give u 2 pieces of bread and u have 2 walk around n take other people's meat and chz to finish it.
just watched from Croatia. Looked amazing...when are we going?? Want to see your mom again!
Time to catch some !! Have to work again tonight! Everyone have an amazing day!! Blessed Be! Peace 
Getting ready to head to the Microbrewer's Fest. It's like Christmas in July!
I know. Or Lambeau on a football Sunday w/75k trying to use their smartphones.
i know ugh. did you do anything fun?
She's fat though lol <3
We gon see about this playboy.
hey cant wait for new music from u enjoy ya music
Fresh ink smells hella inviting... (*POLARIS) soon...
Email address not attached 2 a simonthunder.net website tells u that u r not in contact w/Simon Thunder.Other sites r prone2imposters&hacks!
#ShoppingSmall El Charro is the place for me. Renee here, today is Small Biz Saturday. RT to tell me where you’re going to
after the game go off . ima watch teen nick . kmsl !
Omg RNG bbyz you better get out of the bottom
First day at a new job feels so much like the first day of school. New teacher, new classroom and new bullies.
you get the prize for most miles driven during spring break without being on break!
Balloon spiraling @ the museum 4/13 with Jonathan Wolfe! 10:30-5. All ages, meet the youngest solo balloonist ever!
11:11 wishes done come true I've wished the same wish for like 6 weeks &its yet to come true!
I like it. Nice and clean. And each event stands out.
We cannot believe it's almost December! What's everybody looking forward to towards the end of the year?
I need a bullhorn that plays "Move Bitch Get Out The Way" so freshman who stop to chat in the middle of the hall know what's up
Demons down 30-27 at the half. The refs suck!
Been dropping music nonstop
Breathe, get in the car, drive to my house.
Today is Ghostface Killah's birthday.
yep - or i'd like to see what my hometown suns could do with him after the miracles they worked w/ nash and hill
I don't care what any of you guys say. Cartersville runs Bartow.
Romantic Comedies not my genre but I'd say Knocked Up, Romancing the Stone, 40 year virgin
My question - what's so powerful about a power nap? A 15 minute nap is not so poweful... now 2 hours, that's a diff story!
Escape the Fate with >>> escape the fate with craig
If today had a face I would stab it's eye's
It was the prophet Petty who said "The waiting is the hardest part." RT : I would like it if it was. Getting weary waiting.
Really wish my granny had wifi
Happy Passover back at ya!
Ironically, Cozart & Votto are both on that fantasy team I just tweeted about, so those 2 runs are probably my fault.
that's so right!!! Downright repeatable!! Thx!
that commercial brought back a lot of memories...peanut buttery memories...m
Went to Boston night of worship tonight...such an incredible concert!
lol don't rush it don't rush it
Try balsamic vinegar & detergent in a jar. Stretch film with small holes in it. They go in, can't escape. Gd luck!
Love my morning runs, i always come back home feeling amazing. Thank you lord for my life. Now time to get ready for service..
Practice doesn't look likely tomorrow, between #springbreak & #gulfwars prep by regulars.
aw good molls
I just told that story last night... Bt snow storm and cages that story never disappoints..
Wow...looks like we need to do a #SXSW roadshow.....
Influence is not about what you get, it's about what you give. ~
Why am I doing this?
So great to see and this morning, great start to the day :)
word RT Z A3: I'm not clear how much of that is organic & how much is pure promotion.They're sometimes really inaccurate.
now waiting to hear Unberto Eco
Hey, thanks for that retweet! Hope you're having a wonderful Thursday!
When dogs lick me in the face <<
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing.
The KW & I just did a 2 hour bike ride out to Smith and Bybee lakes.
Good early morning. I didn't sleep very well last night. Idk why, oh well I'm up so I'm getting in the shower. Have a good day all!
Good to know. Now we can all follow each other.
Yep. Les was good, but Ian's Dedication is better. loved Les' vocals generally, but not on Dedication single.
what station did you create?
Kim Clijsters, who will become the top women's player in tennis next week, advanced to the final at the Paris Indoors on Saturday.
National Siblings Day!!! I have the best!
also iron works bbq, 1st and red river. very popular during sxsw and #sxswedu!
"I want babies...the clock's ticking!" - the 26 yr old #Bachelorette SAY WHA!?!? Maybe in your world honey...
lol ik. Its all good punk
RT : "All Superstars believe they are going to be successful" BillyCox
NOO your love
This week isn't going so bright as I was hoping it for it too. Let's just say, hurricane b*tch is here for me, and isn't having mercy.
ASO E-board apps due TONIGHT: email for an app if you're interested. Thanks to all those who have already applied!
I'm so excited!
Early Egyptians buried dead in sand pits where dry heat preserved the body. Embalmers developed their art thru experimentation.
May says take your meds, finish studying, but get some sleep...May says Good Luck too!
high af spit bar for the green pill mixtape commin soon WEZnTEZ
but to bad i gonna see this dream
It's 1:30am. Just finished working. Time for sleep. But I think I drank coffee too late as I'm still wired. Do I read or play MW3?
happy 4 meryl, but my fear is that Viola may not get another role. roles are scare for people of color, esp. women of color
"Perfection manifesting through the imperfect appears by very necessity to be imperfect itself." - Manly P Hall
u lose something everyday, all ur assessories need trackin devices
I see making a difference in the #Packers rotation this year.
OH MY GOSH WHAT A PIMP
Hey you guys! ..wanted to know if there's still an opportunity to get a photo pass for the Dallas show.
New Hampshire is nicknamed "The Granite State". Wonder if there's a grout state?
Cannot get "Now I See The Light" song from Tangled out of me head this morning. Do I want to? No.
That quote hung on my wall my freshman year. My roommate and I tended to disagree about lots of things, but I still love him!
ok i did lol
I Google your name and your FB picture is you white girl wasted in a zebra print shirt..? I'll make my own clip-ins, thanks. *embarrassing*
- You just have to pick three steps. It can be any 3 mentioned on the website.
Hanging with friends: my next iPhone addiction!
if that's the only stupid thing ur grading system (h8 that phrase) does, ur lucky. 3 clicks for "which semester". Spring, ffs
Thanks Laura! We hope you you can visit us soon! DM us when you do :)
Thank you! “: Thanks for the follow! I still remember how good you were in 's Genderf*ck Cabaret!”
Happy Birthday to my former boss,
Damn, never knew the directors cut of Friday was so different.
In a way. I expected a scene like that with another character--and Whedon came out and said it wasn't his idea. It was...
it meant so much to me &it won't upload I'm so upset I'm crying &no one is awake to upload it for me!
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas with family and friends...............Just wish someone else would shovel the snow.
GREAT! When do youth inthe video will be done. I'm excited
When a really attractive college guy drives you home from the rained out game...
James Jackson Jr. 2nite, I'm on piano rockin the soul! 7:30
Dear world of "following" me: My kyna email is in transition. If you're trying to send something use . NoSpamPls
Thank you all! We're still waiting to wake up from the dream.
It's a good thing that you can't smell my tweets.
I wish #theTodd know my clock code because he needs to check out Barry Larkin's hair.
oh my god the way austin dougies JDJ83YHHD!! he's too sexyy
Riot Nationz will be helped by dancers from Motion Mix Crew :)
last min pop-up at the echo park farmers market logan and sunset blvd now until 7ish
True story: I went to an Obama rally in 08. He spoke of fellowship, decency, coming together. We all cheered and smiled. Pt 1
Let's ban the word "guru" from the English language. Okay? Okay cool.
And correct their grammar.
just spilled coffee all over my favorite jeans
I know! Idk know when tho lol txt me
aw bummer you can't go! Ill try to do a play by play at the show hah
So someone tried to hack me? Oh, okay -_-
Gah. I [knew] it hurt pretty bad when that dog's teeth knocked into my hand. Have a painful swollen puff on on top. Phew, didn't break skin.
What if someone stole wallet
cause I had a nap or I'd be knocked out
Last #Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh, Compaq Presario Hard Drive Issue
A little guitar playing and now late afternoon/early evening run along the Charles.
Trying to plan an engagement party. Cost of getting cam wow photobooth and print them on koozies...$1800. Um, pass.
I'll check it out
we jam to music in the car
I hate how spiders just sit there on the walls and act like they pay rent.
#bbadam which vocal part are you technically?
This is more of my nerd account for computer stuff / bars / deals :)
i hate you lol
RT Yo. how many sales did u end up with today? >1
is glad to find out that Raptivity does integrate into Articulate nicely, even though it was causing massive problems for me the other day.
Stilllife Bro!!!! Wasted Wednesday!!!!!
I love the fight in my METSIES. Tough loss last night...carry on today...what a fun team to watch! <3 <3
Im Killing These Niggas, I Should Join The Klan Hey!! - Cyhi
#YouGottaTryBoston we are a great location very diverse and full of good food for season 10
“: I can feel my lungs collapse on me.”
Great, glad it arrived safely! Enjoy!
Why did you score Obama?
thanks! - lots of potential here for our podcasts and for world languages-
ACL fest line up to be announced in t-minus 45 mins on austin360.com
[Book 2/100] Journey Into Power by Byron Baptiste. SO much more than a description of yoga poses, it offered a fresh perspective.
I got ya bail money lol": I'm done y'all I don't wanna go to twitter jail lol"
sex is to simple to let it make negative life ripples i luv puss i luv nipples..
Then Braun tries on a bunch of suits. Hart and Weeks shake their heads disapprovingly at suit 1, shrug for suit 2 and LOVE suit 3.
It's weird but I like the smell of my shoes after they have been taken off.
love your voice!
using wrong platform, need a stellar partner
“: pink or red lips?” pink..but red would also look good on u! Lol :)
Words to live by: "I'm riding the rollcoaster & it hasn't killed me yet"
You don't work to hard!
We cut vacation 2 days bc of #Irene. Drove all night (no trains, planes or buses running) to get back to NYC. All prepped, but time to sleep
Every Saturday morning 8:00-10:00am "Friends of German Music" live from our studios in beautiful West Sacramento. Join us
<raising our hand> :-)
It's ok, been 50+ for days. I hiked 60+ miles in Jan. Hard to complain.
“: Jimmy Buffet will be playing a free concert at the Final Four in New Orleans”
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart. �Helen Keller
Yay I slept in! Happy Sunday!
What says sunshine better than a blended margarita? A strawberry blended margarita.
We could totally be down for reviewing the EP.
Eww the guy next to me farted -.-
ok peace tell them old ppl I said hello gn
Can't DM you if you aren't following us :) Our phone # is 800-798-2430, or you can email
Let me know if you need an alarm quote for your home or business!
oh. Go tell chris and Jacob! Btw I think two of my friends r coming too.
but he changed his photo - don't get me wrong - he is still BEAUTIFUL - but now his short is on! :(
No,I don't have a cocaine habit.The violent shaking and jaw grinding can be explained by a medication problem and way, way too much caffiene
interesting, thx for sharing!
Taco bell in my system chill mode for the night
Lmaao! I forgot! Who?
Double Steals All Day
I'm good. Do u still have the same #?
😃💙❤💘👍aww she is amazin! I think thts is beautiful! Your sweet and so is she.....i really want to meet her
say happy mothers day to your mum for me!!! #HappyMothersDayAngieSimpson :) <3
Yes, I did watch the show. The last half was more incredible than the first half. Tonight should be interesting!
What to do to folks that hack you?I rep an protester pro Bono.In office working on his case now.
According to the people talking in the hallway, his grandfather died twice. Hm, how can someone die twice?
I love this photo!!
they don't have the ability with targets on their backs .
Looked through a telescope for the 1st time tonite. It was mind-boggling & romantic, simultaneously.
For those with curly hair: Do people treat you differently when your hair is straight? If so, how?
Best night ever.
the same. What r u up 2?
hope y'all had a great Friday 😘
Think you can find a Hot man? Need help in Metro Detroit? Go to "For Women by Women" Stilettos give you the confidence you need!
Excuse me but we cannot trust he has been stepping on the Constitution since taking office. That troubles me!
When I come up as a Serious move makin' jive shakin' CHICAGO artist the first person I want to work with #HandsDown is
my stipulation is that they write the song about me haha
#pause to ray j for the rest of his life--> "u can't smack him over the phone ray"
KP what's worse that shirt or a 45 jersey in Burgundy?
“: ok I won't gloat about all the shoes I got then 😝” Jealous! Last year I bought my luggage for $1!
I gave my MBP 2husband & he bought me a new one 5 months ago. It has been nothing but trouble. At least it's under warranty.
The correct spelling and capitalization for the most famous undersea Nickelodian character is "SpongeBob SquarePants"
Undeniably. But makes the same point. Doesnt claim there are more LIBS than CONS. Hence not rated "UNTRUE" nor "ENTIRELY TRUE"
any ps codes?
#survivor yes! Do it again next week!
Nancy Kerrigan in a commercial and Tonya Harding giving interviews...Is it 1994??
RT The MLA '12 home page has been updated with feeds from Twitter and the official blog.
your welcome and thank you to you too...
I really just wanna go skating everytime I hear Love on Top
McAllen what's up ! Well see you tomorrow !
illegally maybe...?
O wise one, where do you recommend for a burger and craft beer in the Loop? Do you hate such queries? If so, my bad.
ha! Hard to do that on a Wiki, I guess.
Love that movie.
going to go gym this thursday. time for me to exercise at last :)
#nowfollowing FeaturedDancer/Host/Shoots/Videos TO BOOK MONiB CONTACT:
k just makeing sure
#music so many choices, but what pumps u up and what mellows you out should always be playing
"it's from the Middle Ages.."
I love #SOMETHINGTODANCEFOR I'm going to request the song on radio Disney ..!!!! I love that song
RT : Miami Chefs' favorite #sobewff events!
what's dj qone my name is redell drakeford founder of take axshun marketing,promotions & management inc.chicago
mistakes are proof that you are trying
lucky you... I have lunch after this class.. and we're doing absolutely noothing..
cant spare him today, gonna need full fire power!
😘 “: is really pretty, her new avi is subtly stunning.”
Happy New Year! we are hot out of the box and running! Stayed tune for Great news from Jethro - Big Thigs are coming
my Sweatie monkeys are acting up
It's been hard to tweet for both your personal twitter account and the work twitter account. I lose track of which one I've updated last.
morning wake-up song: "Jacking the Ball" - The Sea and Cake
Singing for the Tues Sept 27. Enter to Win a pair of tix by following me & facebook.com/carrissamusic
yes, thank you
iced dirty chai latte!
Thanks for the follow all! Have a great weekend!
Was just asked in class why we, as students, aren't out looking at new cars. #recession #studentloans #nomoney the list goes on, sir
I feel like saying something derogatory about but it would just show my jealousy that she got to kick it w bieber in malibu
so, it's not as bad as I thought (until you compare it to WA and CA)
My hatred for tmobile is getting worse & worse!
Thanks. Us too lol.
I need some people to give me some shout outs! i follow backk!
I could use some coffee right about mow
thanks, glad you're back to the "asshole fetch" I remember
The science of kissing is called philematology
Thank you Stephanie! Excellent webinar! RT : Thanks to for sponsoring my webinar yesterday
It gets better.
great. Who you playing with?
Bday wishes anyone??!?!
Works great for me. Just lemme know when is good for you!
Google+ and Google Takeout my homework for tomorrow morning.
#hermancain, the new savior of the #teaparty! GO HERMAN! GO HERMAN!GO HERMAN! GO HERMAN! immo be a conservative when I get paid too!
ii have not tried that boom. i doni't hold out much hope a $40 mic can sound good. i'll buy the blue mikey digital when it's out.
would go with you
I want you to feel the pain I felt, but nothing ever goes my way
Thanks for meeting with us , very excited and honored for the opportunity to host #smbmad May 16th, mark you calendars!
niice. Click on the Item name, click add to cart, and then view your cart when you are ready to check out. Feel free to
Birthdays this Saturday :) gotta figure out what ima do
We haven't spoken in almost a year & I randomly get a fb message from you? You must be bored or something?
The walrus was Paul.
Still where you belong! Congratulations!
#ThingsILookFor somebody who's on my level
Congrats on your grant! What's the project?
thanks for the love! <3
Left my phone in the car while at the library. Had to go old school and pick a book based on the cover and blurb.
Maybe I should clarify: Not sure it's realistic "yet." I think programs can get there.
you guys interested? I am planning to check out tonight's event
Fucking over it.
#gcyale "What is censorship" question never dies.
Hopefully meeting tonight at harrah's in AC.
idk D: i probably just should
And look for Tannehill to be one of the luckiest men in the world.. He has a supermodel wife.
exactly. Thanks for participating. Well give the notice at the start of the day next time. Hug?
thanks ma. :)
great job Mike im pullin for you man. keep up the good work:)
You belittled it, or I misunderstood your tone. What was your point in pushing the question? Why did it matter to you?
NINE HOURS. ❤
Today me and got so many compliments like "Aw, you Guys are so cute" <3
I live in Florida im flying to new York to see him:)
heck yeah I'll upload that bad boy, I love me some Puddin!
My brother's family came over yesterday; we all played volleyball & had a great time.
I love you guys
are you going to meet Austin and others at the Springle Jingle??
I don't really have a strong opinion. Essentially, Whatever you decide to publish, it comes down to owning your choices.
ooohhh shaaaiit ima die whenever The Umbrella Academy movie comes out :O................... it'll be epic
I think people would be well served to spend a lot less money on both!
hey, follow back? (:
Oh, I hope not. RT An app that scans your myspace, facebook, and friendster pages and provides a psychological evaluation.
RT Come out and celebrate tonight! Prepps on Park Ave tonight
Game 6 in Philadelphia #Bulls vs
please follow me
I seriously thought that you were saying that your opinion was better than everybody else's.
looks like you read the article on how quotes gets you 50% more retweets lol... keep up the good work :)
YES. totally bitchin'.
Thanks for the RT!
Just one more day to get through, then tonight it's (Mike Birbiglia) at The Moore!
Donkey pukes AGAIN. Mad Anthony can officially outdrink Banderas. And never fear... Rock and roll is alive and well in Toronto! Amzng town
Happy Birthday to one of the best team MKE partners I could ask for!
what's good chuck I heard you wanted to holla at me bro!
OK rant over. Fuckit. go drink and get laid or something.
Take home message: Adapt and overcome, and make it work for you.
”Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.” - John F. Kennedy
Heading over to City Hall with the GTWT girls for a Community Forum on Redistricting, keeping our youth informed!
because I haven't had food in so long tho..
I hate when people don't put emotions through text. it makes me feel like they're not happy with the conversation.
today we had a boring-ass class of good-touch bad-touch virtue lesson and we saw a video i wanted to die 5 mins into it. yes,it was that bad
Please tell me if u think this name sounds good or not.. Haley Davis is the name..
We'd like to wish everyone a Happy Labor Day, even if you have to work.
looking forward to Bachelorette and DWTS tonight with the girls!!!
My inner Judge Maybelline says I should stay in and wait for true love while my inner Bernie Mack says I should go out and have fun
He said hell never fall inlove he swears n im laughin cuz i hope hes wrong :-)
The bad news: my droid phone has died. The good news: at least my old blackberry has word mole.
"We need to be having this awkward, uncomfortable conversation in our lives" re immigration, said @ #AllPeoples MLK brkfst.
Hey all you #IUBB fans, tune in to see your team on CNN !
on to serious matters: why is Japan still running off of nuclear power?.
People say ima hateful ass b.tch! I say don't hold ya breathe waiting for me to give a f.ck how u feel :)
I'm working on it...but some things take longer than others...
From , pitches should be no more than 1 paragraph.
Eso es bueno! :) What am I saying now? I hate my History Class.
He does have a point though. I'm King Drunk Text. Probably why my Ex stopped stopped talking to me after we split :/
Yeah I may wait until necessity calls but that could be any day now with my laptop. There are some updates on the horizon...
#Hightimez left me beat
Be where you are.
So, I'm researching Ohio only now... less complicated? Oh well... in touch with three other programs already... slight delay. :)
I finally found a place that stocks Alesmith by me. Could you be a gent and hit me w/ your recommendations for what to try 1st
It never fails to amaze me when I hear of people still using "instant messengers." Why? Phone, Facebook, portable.
Woke up this morning wit stress on my mind prayer the only thing that can help me
for real doe
lol we need a girl talk
I love the way you make me love life. =)
I'm sad call me! Vanessa hurt me..
Interested in a #UrbanFiction #bestseller? Download your copy of A-Town Veteran today by Cole Hart.
You me at six <3
where are playing these days.... still Midwest? I know, I know... I should read the blog but this is faster
Baby i can feel myself giving up
I think all the time is a better description :P
1 week trip to Europe flying to Dresden, ending in Paris w/ London in the middle. Any advice for ground transportation between countries?
~Big Government Is Killing California When you've lost the entrepreneurs, free-spirits, dreamers & (ahem) immigrants you've lost the State.
That's cool.
Lakers better go in 4th quarter. With no lube.
#musetech folk! I'm *real* now :) - FT Digital Marketing Content Coordinator. Fully diving into social media!
Thank goodness I get news tweets, I forgot bout NATO and roadblocks. Would of sucked going into the city tonight and taking the usual route.
Hey Tribe! If we had a chill acoustic show Friday December 16th would yall come out?
lmao ohh I'm just like, did she get hacked again? Lol carry on love.
I like need 2 get a new Ipod touch so I can start dancing freestyle again! I wanna dance!
havin fun listening to kesha on the train.lol
sounds fun! R u going to submit??
Forgot how much I enjoy shoveling snow. Thanks Dad for teaching me strong work ethic! Hard work does feel good!
This fate could have been avoided if you had a Sassy Gay Friend.
.... Awesome Bar with Rocking Bartenders and Jamming Music (I think we like our definition better)
... Rue. But freal me and Ate Jessica are trying to get a hold of you. Haha where are you?
What the hell am i doing up at 6 in the morning!?!? Ugh ill end up sleeping the day off -__-
thank you it was very exciting
me too!
I really don't want to get sucked in, but the words 'hermeneutic', 'posthumous' and 'Anne Boleyn' popped up before I could avert my eyes.
// I second this
#zbrushgnomon is about to start! W00t!
751 more words to go. fml
The closest I ever got to a 4.0 in college was my blood alcohol content.
#thatannoyingfeeling when you make it up the platform just in time to see the train pull off
We miss you too!
Today is my lil bro big major track district race! Only a sophomore running at 11.2 & only gonna get better. Proud to see him going this far
excuse me for having a good time!
true.. Except for James and sefolosha
awesome! Thank you. You can browse around for stuff to buy. That way you'll know the app well when you have something to sell
Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people.
no l seed some one
Raw/cold foods-salads, iced drinks-seem healthy but when consumed daily can cause bloating, edema, & slow metabolism
Interested in checking out books on #Autism! Check out the #Autism Family Resource Center's Online Public Access Catalog...
Sweet pic! We'd love to hear more about your group!
Time to let off some steam by playing NHL with
Wrapped for the day on Causality: The Webseries. What a great group to work with!
I'm reading it right now. :-)
omg my shamir booh love me
Life is consumed with, love, hate, care, forgetting, forgiving, and memories.
Yeah! I bet she's getting so big now!
Pro tip: pandering-based advertising is distasteful. Insulting my country as you ask me to "support our troops" via cold call is offensive.
Thanks for this
ADL Center Instant Chat tonight @ 9pm. Visit www.myadlcenter.org and share advice, resources, support and giggles about life on the spectrum
Tell old Newt you don't need food stamps for your Whiskas packets at 7-Eleven b/c you steal food from alley garbage cans.
Mahomies gonna love cause loves us<3
Bring in that red envelope you received during a December visit before Feb 28 to see what Santa surprised you with for the New Year! :)
Have you had a Shake Shack burger? it was better than in n out.
whats your email?
lol anytime also you can use that site to watch movies and tv shows!
Words cannot deserve the new Dark Knight Rises trailer. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Join Jaime's & Ton's "Coffee & Donuts" Show facebook page and see how you can be a part of the show! on.fb.me/wXUzKp
Thanks for loaning me your umbrella for my trek through the rain. I don't even care that it's leopard print
One of the greatest OG of all time!! #PutJerryInHOF!!!
I can't with this chick's blue hair that matches her Sandford Brown scrubs.
lol, yes you are. We have to make u a costume now;)
!!!! Good thing you noticed and took action. That's a day making story.
no, I'm not going:( but have fun!!! i bet if they hear you sing they would wanna marry you...and your gorgeous!
Please follow me,I'm a big fan,Please follow me,I'm 13 years old and I get bullied,I wouldn't ask for anything else!
I'd love to be on my way to New Orleans right now. #wishfulthinkin #BBN #BourbonSt is gonna be off the chain #KY represent!
🎵🎶Big L-Platinum plus
Good morning!
Spencer Tracy needs to ditch the leather jacket and get a suit.
Fuck with my family, it's a situation!
Omg i want to cry
girl go to sleep
Sierra Club Takes Visionary Stand to Preserve Land in West Berkeley for ... - Berkeley Daily Planet
Can't come up with your own tweets? You must be a real dumbell, plus you're heidious looking...eewww
Today the super, the mailman, and the cable guy all dropped by. It was like Pee-wee's Playhouse!
I know I'm late on this but the producer should be fired for missing the opening face off.
"who's the youngest?!"
I know right:b Hes THE MACC :o
All good qualities.
The thousand autumns of Jacob de Zoet / David Mitchell
we're doing pretty good! Getting ready to release our new album!
All teams draft based on THEIR boards. Not Mayock or Kiper or me or you or anyone. No team has a perfect draft in fans/medias eyes. Relax.
Are you thinking about tattooing that GWB photo we have on our fridge on your body after this morning?
How yu gnna go get a gift fer yer motherinlaw, & not yer birth mother? Its okay mama I love yu! <3
Hopefully tech support will call soon, but worried they will say "problem is fixed" when it is not, would be 3rd-4th time.
Hey #ROC- getting ready for the #addys tmrw? Download the RAF addy app at the apple app store for more fun at the show.
"So I'm a minority because I disagree w/ the whole golddigging lifestyle? I think a man should COMPLEMENT a woman, not complete her."
Did you try to use two cards to get 10gbs?
Robby bringing on the gossip. Thatta boy.
I think about you all the time.....
Success w/new margarita recipe: 1.5 jigger tequila, 1 jigger lime juice, 1/2 jigger agave. Shake w/ice. Drink. No more nasty too-sweet mix.
kentucky. Sharpie.
How sweet would the hockey winter classic be during the winter??
Just googled myself lol I was surprised :D
Ill be there too! Laughstock twenty twelve.
Sunshine state my ass!
yeah I know! They always tell who's playing for tonight
Watched "I Love You Phillip Morris" with my sweetheart the other night. SUCH a great movie! :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Definitely interested in learning more! Just sent you an email!
#BlackTieMitt is the ONLY Mitt I keep in good company from here on out. Tonight the hungry, tomorrow the obese. Yahhh.
Come Play with Peyton ;) up in the 5280!!!
I just wish he would hurry up so I wouldn't have to work weekends anymore ;)
- Post something and your entire group of "Followers" will see it. use the "@" sign to send private message.
whit my little brother at is house he have a party today
maybe hails younger brother Graupel- temps where this is falling are in mid to high 30s Faribo to Carver. 850 temp 0
Miami! RT : #Miami? #Tokyo? #Copenhagen? If you could enjoy an 1 night free in any of these destinations, which would you choose?...
Silly bitch: "What are you like.. Mexican??" Me: "Haa noo..I'm half asian" Silly bitch: "No waaayyy!"
is done. Now some sleep, some script, and some more sleep.
Miami and ATL really battling it out. I wish they'd hurry up so I can go to sleep.
Ever wonder what happened when a prospect seems super excited about your products and services turn tail and run when it’s time to invest?
Don't want to, but guess I'll be voting for Romney and hope for the best!! Romney will probably send the rest of the jobs over seas!
artficlinanity: This is the second time in a week SLA has sent me an email message with my username AND password in it. Fail.
Work till 6..call/text
RIP Leslie Nielsen
Hey Hey Hey, businesses in Austin! We are looking to expand our network of sponsors! Contact us!
"This is some real shit." - Carole King, on writing and recording 'Tapestry'
where is that?! i want to go to there
Nothing like cutting it close. IIPC GA next week, demo system now up and running *today*, after planning at last year's GA in Den Haag!
Where is hiba like seriously!?
good job Bells (my hs). Fight On Santa Margarita!
Yooo check your dms i got something important to tell you
okay omgawd they got tied up thnk gawd c;
#ThingsMyParentsMadeMeDo plan out my finances.
On the air at 10... join me on 99.9 V100 FM or www.V100.fm or download the free V100 app for your smartphone!
Being poor is a crime. The rich rob banks because they are greedy! Encourage the rich to offer jobs so the poor can eat too.
#Linton&Associates can help your company develop a Company Wellness Plan. Give us a call at (505) 247-1530.
Hey everyone. Have a great weekend. Thank you for following:
THAT WAS SICK SHOT, BY KOBE!!!
OK I NEED U 2 SAVE ME SLICE! RT : Time to eat again! Imma make this apple pie too!
Good morning everyone!!! It's freezing here in Richmond! Hopefully it's warmer where you are!
Just saw my commercial on the Disney XD channel! Pretty cool!
Im dumb! &i love
Never give up on something you really want. it may be difficult to wait, but its much worse to regret.
OH!!!! you got to get on the
See you there! RT : ... Tonight I'm going to see 'Mother Bear' & 2mrw 'Hickorydickory'!
": CHAMPIONSHIP GAME TIME! #wastatebball" Boys 4A up first. Davis v C Valley. Big Davis crowd
But I just put it in the annotated bib I was writing. It was about Foucault and power, so it totally fit.
Game of thrones is kinda crazy
How important is an Expert Witness on your case?
Or was that a camera flash?
I put in cupcake chocolate vodka and banana liqueur, too. Makes it less sweet.
#sljsummit so, it here is a vast number of textual edits by a book editor, who is the author of the book?
Hey fans at #lockdown, start a NO BUTTHOLE NO CARE chant and let's make history.
ur the best little towns person/ spoon?
And a special Mother's Day shout out to the Mom of Mommy's....MY WIFE!!!!!
photoshoot again. but first lunch cause my heads killing me.
Thanks for the follow! How's your hostage situation going?
u got the wrong. The refs are calling it like they want it from him this year
Causing coups....
Bj novak is such a fucking tool!
Conciseness is key. Don't you hate stories that just ramble on, and on, and on, and on and on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on...
#whatmakesmesad is when ppl hate on harley, They always steal what i was going to say!:P
Day 1 of the New Year, New Job series comes out tomorrow night!! Let's get it!
what happened? :/
Hey I'm attending an ugly sweater party on Saturday? Can I borrow one from your closet?
: im not tired
ME TO....third one in a row....... #NeedBreak #ButGreatful lol
Sadly, I gave my typewriters away. But the clicking of a computer keyboard will never compete.
Thanks for following me! I look forward to sharing my art with you :)
this is why I stopped. the words were uninteresting and all the same.
so pissed right now fanny should of went home
A firm deadline was just what sluggish, fussy perfectionist self needed! Even if same self second guessing the day after.
And I suggest wearing your protective bike helmet when you walk into your house! RT : I hate REM.
If I'm early to work, and there's no one here to see it... am I still truly early?
Lost time is never found again. -Benjamin Franklin
wow. my mom has no faith in me whatsoever
yea, mines definitely worse. I saw some articles that said Apple is investigating though...
its about time the Lakers honored one of their greats that somehow slipped away. Next stop, HOF.
I wish Bravo would have a party and invite all the housewives.
Wait... Not even a smoking area? RT : I can't believe they actually banned smoking in Liv and Arkadia
everybody wants to "be down with brown" :)
Ironic that all of the commercials during Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution TV show are for processed foods like- Stouffers, Nabisco & Coke.
Surprised to hear that #Gingrich will suspend his campaign next week. Two down, #Paul to go.
Ever since that day it's been clear to me that no matter what comes U will never leave. I know U're for me & U're restoring.
A new Predator movie called "Predators"? Wow...I guess this with Alien movies added wont ever die, lol.
Thanks for following us! How does your Monday look?
Singing straight for the next 12 days minus Thanksgiving. Oh joy :)
MAD MEN TONIGHT!!!!!
agreed. i'd read your stuff.
alright alright..
hm.. well I'm not condoning skipping or anything but....
<laughs> <cries>
Red Carpet Networking Party! March 15 The Filmore Live Nation and Sound Connection! and I will Host! I got 10 free tix
GAB votes for requesting a one-week extension to review Gov and Lt. Gov petitions
Wow. This girl @/TurnToJelena is obsessed with Jelena. 0.o
starlites good but star tavern in orange is the truth
Obama: "I've always been adamant that gay and lesbian Americans should be treated fairly and equally".
like stand up... really cool songs... not that all of ur songs rnt.. they are::)♥
New day...new opportunities! Thank you fans...we appreciate you! Ah we do what we do for you!!!
we actually came back to LA today - we have posts up on our blog projectcambodia2012.wordpress.com - in depth articles to come soon
I am interested in follow4follow? do you or no? If you need more follows try the site on my profile :)
Yea, I Know.
“I cannot live without books.” — Thomas Jefferson
The awkward moment when you choke on a life saver
Just opened this week. Amazing
I love #Sex but I love #PopTarts more... You'd be #Surprised what you could get me to do for a #FrostedCherry #PopTart ;)
No WaY i LoOk ExAcTly ThE sAmE wAy :O
Minecraft has taken days of playing time off my life but my castle is freaking awesome
jimmy gets my vote
I am so tired right now. Making movies keeps you super busy. :)
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming! - Finding Nemo
yes hahah #chaining now I have to use it in my tweets !
Yeah, i've just read up more on him, and he's done more stuff alot more than i knew about, now i'm regretting what i said :/
Apple Trick for Quicky HTML emails: Click on your mail doc in Safari, hold down COMMAND I , & it's auto- inserted into a Mail msg.
Is the next ? It certainly is if you're looking to hit the 14-24 y.o. demographic, especially in Europe.
I remember the first time that I found Austin on Youtube :')
Through 35 games in their magical 2011 season, the #Brewers were 15-20. They won 96 games. It's so early people.
I found that out in "Forget Paris" haha
To much @ once I have to clear my mind
The way I see it, apparently the contents of my room are about 95% paper.
I live in San Diego. My mother heard about North Korea and called me, asking if I was worried. I said only when they're driving.
Thanks man ( :
Snow is sticking at my house! Which means snow at the school! Crossing fingers for at least late start!
my seattle sweater just arrived in the mail cant wait to wear it
Good morning ..its so nice to wake up with the window open.. in what we still call winter an its 60 out in March.. :)
There are drums behind my eyelids.
Gives whole new meaning to, "Now I gotta cut loose..."
you must try them all. Seriously
What is your #FAVORITE #Detroit #RadioStation ?
Hanging out at DIFF with the storytellers. Crazy beautiful people both inside & out. Bless them for their DIFFerence.
that would be sweet
Thanks for following!!
Benzema scores within a minute after he got on the field ! ha ha ... Real Madrid ! 3 - 0 CSKA Moscow
You were an amazing competitor! Thanks for being a huge part of #SpaceRace2012!
watching the knicks game !
I wonder if I'm the only person in the world who thinks Tebow's sexuality (or lack thereof) should be his own business.
RT : I am indeed. Insolence, impudence, effrontery, gall, etc. 뻔뻔스럽다?/WOW excellent!! insolence was eng thot too
Join us for breakfast or lunch today! We are across the street from the venue in Columbus!
Neilsonwire forecasts smartphones will out sell 'normal' mobile phones in US by the end of 2011
...just as much as it was that you cried for whitney...your wife said your weeping kept her up all night¡
wow, but yea you do, maybe next time.
America = elite SEAL Bin Laden killing team. It's like being back in 2003.
Back from New York ;D My homework still isn't done... Oh well :/
Birds be fuckin nasty feedin they babies throw up. What if the baby bird throws up the throw up?
Witkowski-Sheridan Technology Lab: Most Projects don't simply go wrong. All to often they start wrong.
Taylor Gang or get a blowjob from wait. that might be poppin.
Marlins suck
best 10 months of mine as well :)
Well I'll agree with that,but when he's a conceded jerk it ruins the cuteness a.k.a #TomBrady :P
Romney says he knows it's not easy keeping a roof over your family's heads — as well as roofs in San Diego, New Hampshire, and Park City.
really? # day has been made
Maybe they're just saving up for those big moving expenses to LA.
“: I be rackin up on big macs.. #BigMacsOnMacsOnMacs”
She's a song unsung. She's a wild orchid in your ugly swamp.
Downtown is bullshit
Damn this rainy forecast. If she's anywhere near NY, Shirley Manson must be ecstatic
Only if it's at the KK. I like the underagers. A
Having an amazing night ☺
Feel like beating something up while Drive Like Jehu blasts today. Rome Plows!
Seniors: Remember tomorrow is REP YOUR COLLEGE Day! I've got my GW shirt ready!
"The creation of South Sudan means that there will be a new ISO 3166 country code" (via ) Spoken like a true data-geek, Todd!
Much gratitude for my mother and all the love and lessons she still shares. Happy Mother's Day to all you moms who pour love into our lives.
"All these non-Latino people are asking for the day off for Cinco de Mayo and they don't even know what it is!" -Jose, Mexican-American
Ala Ike & Tina Turner scene from "Whats love got to. . ." Eat the chocolate cake. [ Then proceeds to face smash the cake ]
We have less than 2 weeks until the Art of Beer and the start of #sacbeerweek. If you can't wait, head over to
Roy Halladay may give Cubs a higher ranking vs. Mr.
you are welcome!
My cubbies come back to win in the 9th.
We're back up, and will be supercacheing your personal details from hereonin.
my mom makes the best steak&chicken quesadillas with cheese in the world. ddeelliicciioouuss! haha
U have turned republican
manifest the malfunction of your mindstate
It's been a year? Sure hasn't felt like it! Times flies when you're having fun, right ? :)
I got class in a hr. I can't.
Root canal has turned into a tooth being pulled today! Will this mom be given a break please! I am learning to zone out the needle~scary!
hi Oprah do you get the emails directly fans send on your website?
So any updates from my Nike FuelBand friends? You like? love? What aspects? And what's not so great about?
Poetry readings at a bar? I think I'm in love. #mamascrowbar with
It totally was!!
Foul by Carlos Salcido (Mexico).
you gonna be able to make a game before Omaha?
This sucks. no tables, no waitresses, no wifi, im hungry, im thirsty. i dont even care about who is fighting tonight.
Want success? Examine what ur habits are. You'll find ur answer
Today is bittersweet, but I'm glad I get to spend it w/ my Little Goose at our annual trip!
Last night was too legit
No more #chartership questions right now, Claire, but thanks for facilitating.
Thiel Foundation: Silicon Valley needs to stop requiring college degrees
If you could travel anywhere in the continental US to do #genealogy research, where would you go? wants to know! Please retweet.
no Pic of the mini arch?
congrats on another super bowl. Someday Ill know what it is like. Rangers are looking good too, could be the year of NY.
The difference between Snooki's baby and my baby is that Snooki can probably afford day care.
RT : #Aries are aggressive
so true...“: If you want some confidence boosting just hang out with your grandparents
Let's go heats! Huge dunk by lebron!!
The moment you realize that your entire life has been a mistake...it becomes exactly what is needed to be!
It is good to realize that we don't have to be victims of things that are actually w/in our power to change. #EnjoyLifeMoore!
thank u
Brain Floss: Even though whales are very big, some of them don't have teeth. They have stiff hair-like combs that take food from the ocean.
no ... Will be covering high school baseball I'm guessing.
I truly believe it's calculated to "win back" the black vote, but I'll take Jay-Z and Will Smiths endorsement of marriage equality and Obama
New website buildout has officially begun... get excited! The new www.eps-doublet.com goes live in approximately 1 week!
Missouri is suppose to have a decent team coming back.. One of their top players sat out with an injury this season
"Im a bananna im a bananna im a bananna look at me move! bananna power bananna power!" "STFU before i throw a bananna at you!"
there are two kinds of people who wear sunglasses inside, blind people and assholes.
I hate pooping in public.
answered my question on livechat "If I buy your shirt will I become sexy?" with yes you will become sexy. Mission Accomplished
2 Minutes until our #TeamQinTheCommunity Thursday starts! Time to start looking for amazing #SanDiego tweeps to feature to our followers!
time is more the issue.
Standing up
It's time to end the TSA and get the governments hands back to only stealing our wallets - Rand Paul
wuz good son
Holy shark farts you made my heart palpitate!
That Moment Wen You See A Cute Girl At The Store & You Think Wen Are You Going To See Here Again
so glad we could help your express your inner pin-up. thanks for all that you do!
cleaning up databases is in fact much worse than it sounds.
beautify not toxify!
I am following you :) thanks
Im writing a new song this week.
Why can't my iPhone get it that I want 2 say hell not he'll? Drives me crazy!! What is so bad about the word hell? iPhone what the HELL?
... I can't say on here... I'll tell you Wednesday! but I miss you too, girl ):
Don't let social media cause you to forget that there are real people behind the technology. IRL connections still paramount.
Thank you for including our post in your digest - to launch
If someone really loves you, they wouldn't let you slip away no matter how hard the situation is
We're up to 8 GED grads as of today! Congrats to Kimberly!! Who will be the next grad?
": Help us find a cure for Lupus! Walk tomorrow, donate, or spread the word as a Jets #SocialWalker- cant be ther.but$$helped
its been too long fellas
Nia, Nia, Nia. You're dancing around this. He got a gang of other bullies and terrorized a classmate. Many against one is cowardly.
so excited to work with the fabulous+talented designer, on the !
yeah. Well theres a rumor about something when they're in LA....Idk any details & I don't wanna get my hopes up but I heard>
yes!!! We're now in the final next week the country is happy
look At those sexy sisters!!!! Holla ;))
Whatever happen to those old REPUBLICANS who worked with the DEMOCRATS? ORRIN HATCH worked with TED KENNEDY on HEALTH CARE. NLD Mom
so what's the likelihood Meyer makes an official announcement tomm or Monday?
Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplement L-arginine
"Let's not tell the kids Belko's dead." Yeah, like they're not f*cked up already.
+100 RT : you are brave & amazing. Thank you for speaking out.
Hey girly! It was great meeting you Saturday :)
RT : I will pick the winner after the game sunday salsa and star
she was put on trial twice because her peer accused her.
Awe you think so? (':
Gossip Girl has me sobbing right now. I just wanna marry Chuck Bass, is that too much to ask for!?
I can tell its gonna be a good summer. 👍
pretty sure that's everyday
Finally home. Let the Kitten Snuggle Hour commence!
Thansk to for the follow!!!
At school and then lunch with my mom and then paying my sons vet bill lol
Ok-so mind-blowing stuff on #NOVA last night--teleporting to Paris (Sigh..if only!), entanglement-particles into waves...trying to absorb!
Just got in the van on my way to prac
actually his middle name is william...just sayin
I'm PUI, but the stream I'm watching switched to
“: "Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." -John Wooden”
-I would totally want to come to warped tour if #stampstheband was there!!!;)
Austin started hanging with Alexis, lost fans. Austin moved to Miami, lost fans. Notice that I said fans not Mahomies.
Thanks for the follow, E. Have you met my good friend ? She's my go-to for all things
Officially old and lame. Excited about this debate.
There are always a few dropped balls on Selection Sunday. This year didn't seem overly brutal. Wouldn't want that gig.
Smoke weed.
Hi Twitter! This is #tweetjacking my sister's profile. I'm doing this bc I love her and want her to tweet (and spellcheck) more
not at all
I'm not good with change. I'm just deeply affected by it in a way I can't explain.
Thats what his friends called him growing up. Inappropriate but not racist. RT : People who refer to President Obama as "Bar
blue an white game today at 7 right ?
Atleast its not pee... RT : My cat decides to walk all over my car with his dirty paws..
Thanks. It's just been a bit of a bumpy week. Looking forward to this Saturday, though.
I love Goggle+ it's Belen and I's secret hideout where we can say whatever the fuck we want.
Just woke up so fukin tired D:
Doc in Venezuela.
ur still awesome!!!!
too funny
watching the world elite ocean swimmers approaching scripps pier in La Jolla Rough Water Race. 3 mile Gatorman.
lmfao if i was rich i'd buy like 20 and fill his car with them.
I remember popping twitter's pussy at like 4am last summer. This summer will be no different :)
Lmaooo Damn . Smh Bad Girl :p
Please proofread, people: One letter is the diff btw "exiting" and "exciting," "but" and "buy," and "quit" and "quite." All seen today.
Heading to Mooncusser Films in the morning for more production work on the documentary film project.
Go Hogs!!
Found: Available Heated Steering Wheel stamp! Amazing Race Taurus Race to the Finish Line:
Costco guy asked me if I'm an "international" after my costco card wouldn't read properly at gas pump
Would help illustrate the value of what they will learn thru the entire course
"Cher, I don't want to do this anymore. And my buns, they don't feel nothin' like steel."
Leaving early for competition! :D
There is always, always, always something to be thankful for ... ♥
Sitting in the office, listening to some Delta Spirit, finishing up inventory. Oh I love inventory!
Shoutout to for witnessing maybe my most embarassing moment in a while.... #wipeout #oops 😳
I'm cold.. This is just nuts!!
one down...GO DODGERS!!!
Yikes! Dead Grandma's on the phone.
I can't wait to hear it! :) You guys should post the studio version of Mr. Wonderful on youtube or something :)<3
it's the gels and creams that get you
wholeheartedlyy Apple's sending out 1,000 iPad 2's for a fantastic promotion, go to this page for details! ipad_3_giveaway
hahaha!!! Long enough for him to get a towel? :)
We have a contest 4 MIB3 goodies & a gift card, all delivered. Just tweet #AgentDLV to & be entered for a chance to win!
Bleacher Creatures draft day!
Dear any girl with an ex, STOP updating every status about some nigga that did you wrong and move on
Have you seen twitter account? Plz RT!!!
baby, come here next to me...i'll show you how good it can be..i'll breathe each breath you breathe. pour out everything i am.
#nats Zimmerman is just sick
you act like me saying i loved you was words i made up only thing to do is to ask god to save us cause the devil came and played us
Go get "inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" on itunes..rt
S- mysterious D- evil/bloodthirsty E- don't remember?
These are the moments where I wish I would have paid attention at least a little bit over the past two months
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, Jefferson Davis charged Robert E. Lee with the conduct of military operations in the armies of the CSA.
Thanks for the mention :-)
O lord lolRT : Up watching "beauty and the beast"
Going to wear my Dick Tracy Halloween costume to work tomorrow, we'll see if it's a huge success or colossal failure.
love it RT : A6: I cut up toppings, & have everyone make their own mini pizzas. Way to get people inv..
Its about damn time used the "turnin' up the Heat" phrase to describe Miami. Bravo.
We have many international patients. Let us know if we can help.
what is that??
thanks man!!
#raw10 youre Ghetto if you whole Cd/DvD collection is Bootleg. u cant tell what is what bcause the disc is blank!
GT Events needs female promo reps at Rock the Bells this Saturday in LA! Please email your info, pic to ASAP, thanks!
Did you get your voice back? Are you in a play? You mentioned you gad to perform the other day?
As I mentioned on the site, WWE would probably be posting pictures and video of the Hall of Fame. NOT streaming it.
I want to alter photos and would like to find easy instructions.
Sketchers is the best so far.
among others :)
Smiling faces pretend to be your friend.
Happy Super Tuesday Atlanta, don't forget ballots also cover local issues like sales tax for sewers, Sunday alcohol sales, & more. Vote ATL!
When little kids say your name, its the cutest.
That would RULE!
Good news for people, planet and pocketbook: MSC certified Wild Fresh Pacific Cod Fillets are on sale for $8.99/lb. You save $3/lb Fri-Sun
they were all at El Pisto!
dont forget to smile today :)
Don't be sad please!!!
FACEBOOK is the second most popular word that starts with "F" and ends with "K" ; )
Love can be seen in movie not in real life :)
hahah I know ... my little niece was freaking out :)
Tracy Holmes-Brazil, 's program services chair, is giving us "marching orders."
Wow...Leavenworth truly does have anything...even if you never asked for it!
The most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool, and he must be no simpleton that plays that part
At Jack Pearls!!! Yayyyy!!! :)
Good for her. That's the beauty of the idea. You can make them up for anything and everything. PS I love Hunch, too.
What is wrong with Tim Lincecum?
Hey, let's back off on Drew! He's looked much better at the plate this year.
Really not looking forward to the last final I have tomorrow.
I am dying to put on some sweats turn the fan on an veg out on the couch.. It's been a long day and I feel sunburnt!
thanks! And yes you are right about the "days on!"
ive been pretty good. Hows Paris? :-)
they need to fuck off. You were only giving your opinion. Don't let them bring you down:)
Criminal minds :)
I read that on the twittelator.... Looking forward to it
Watching "laugh at my pain" this I what married couples watch on Saturday nights. We are getting crazy😜
You didn't miss much.
Like the staging on this one.
No longer "Deputy Mayor!" As of today, it's "Chief Deputy." I asked for an explanation. None given.
My random q of the day. Why didn't show her vajayjay in her spread ??!!
gRAGEuation Yankee Stadium
Parade member Gary Schlegel will be joining Lee Hay -exciting things at this years parade! THERE WILL BE A LOT! 91.7 WVXU Cincinnati
Ah yeah. Yeah buddy! lol.
I'm still kinda amazed Arkansas fired Bobby. I thought for sure winning would trump in the SEC.
Hello everyone! We have 3 more months until the end of the fiscal year. Get your gifts in and support RISD students!!
Good morning Good people! It's Monday,so what? Thank the Lord for this day and go forth w/praise no matter what! Its a blessing 2be alive!!
big ups to everybody doing there part in putting SAN JOSE back on the map. you know who you are! RT this if your one.
I'm also sexually attracted to women who look like Abraham Lincoln. Just Kidding Thanks Ray
we haven't written anything on here in awhile. perhaps now that the summer is over we'll get back to important shit like twitter.
not creepy! Peeps!
Yup, I'm celebrating 6 years in this city at the end of the month!
yo going to prom
she don't do that lol
Jesus m Christ
Felt every step of that 4 mile run today. Sometimes you just have to push through things
When Americans are faced with a new disaster, people WANT to give. That is exceptional but many times they give inappropriate
hahaha okay but no, you pick! I hate choosing :)
like like like like
I can't wait to get my yearbook on Wednesday!
I just got a new phone so the videos and photos on the blog will be MUCH better quality.
Baseball & fastpitch players, those sunflower seeds your eating a have some benefits they are packed with zinc, other minerals & healthy fat
Awesome Justin...always good to have Fordham make it on to Good job by Larry Fitzgerald!
Omfg she is so annoying like chill the fuck out go sit down dam
One step closer to that Baylor-Florida Final Four showdown....
Love is like the ocean: vast, deep, beautiful and calm though occasionally tempestuous, and ALWAYS full of unseen dangers. - Kiera Condon
Dude, i was just looking @ the line up for bamboozle & i just saw Armor For Sleep..are they back together?!...
Who knows if you'll read this but Happy Birthday :)
Me too, I thought it was cool that they gave Israel love on their blog, out of all the places in the world. :)
Nice! It was followed up with a fist pump interaction that I was totally lost on as well.
LOOKS A LOT LIKE Just sayin..
My Mom's going to kill me when she sees the phone bill
Homeowners and students have a lot of good news to catch up on in this edition of West Wing Week: OFA.BO/7q5Sdz
Minnesota Environmental Initiative is now Environmental INITIATIVE! Tagline: Powerful Partnerships. Effective Solutions.
Thanks for the listing!
Gabe York Led Adidas Nation in Scoring this weekend
Holy freaking Cisse...
Well, guess you don't have 2 b in front of the net 2 score as said in #NYRWSH pregame...
Is the point to lower crime, or to reduce traffic accidents? Measuring tickets not the only metric (argumentative today, sry!)
We're tabling at Texas VegFest! Come visit us at the MonkeyWrench booth! $5 donation Entrance at the far east end of Fiesta Gardens.
thank you for a great show!
leave me alone .
It will work out as well as Braylon Edwards and the Browns
Always see your opponent and the basketball. (ball-you-man) - point your pistols - (hands)
wait. Let me rephrase that. You wished for a dick AND balls. ;)
WI CCW class Wednesday night. Still spot available, contact me if interested.
Are always convinced u r looking or talking about them
Aye, breathing definitely helps! :P
Send me a DM with the name of either one of Tash's solo albums or and Alkaholiks album and a pair of tix are yours
We need your pick-up line expertise this morning on (by phone). Call me!
Never had a drink that I didn't like, got a taste of you, threw up all night.
u suck
omw home to my love
I'll be there. Should be a great show.
I'll change that for ya, Goodnight ^_^!
RT : Tactics should be the longest list of your strategic plan
The #PrettyLittleLiars finale was #lame. Don't tell anyone I watch that.
#Nerdprom Wow. look at Mrs Obama's dress!
RT if you don't support 's plan to take the dream out of the
Nuggets have to run and be aggressive. There in LA there not gna get any calls
he ain't cute
I have nightmares of that too! Is it safe to read your article?
Look at my Tumblr :P
I was just thinking the same thing...hahaha!
(: Had alot of fun today . Hoping tomorrow is good going to a thing for my bf's baby sister who has cancer :( I hope she gets better .
RT : Junior Seau dead in suicide, source says. Link to story to come.
Don't forget Fire, Police & Military are FREE FREE FREE for the Albuquerque Sci Fi Expo!!!!
"Active obedience" or "double imputation" is heresy. #soundgospel His death was sufficient.
I totally just found a $5 bill in my winter jacket. And immediately bought myself a coffee and left a big tip.
Test message.
Single too ;-)
and to talk about their first/fave jobs on #CFNetwork upcoming video on young adult employment
thanks for the RT quick request would you mind posting your interview on Amazon and Barnes and Noble? Everything helps!
Yo when are you guys coming to Orlando?? Bring Ellie!!
Get your week started right....TAN!! $10 off any purchase over $50 all week!!
Nice video. I think I could see my house lighting up on there :p
Officials in OSU-SYR controlling the game. Terrible officiating both ways. Let them play.
Congratulations to the winners of the Business Plan Competition, including
Clarify, $950.00 for medical & dental insurance for whole Family
Funny how everyone is being an asshole about the cyberbullying, but when someone gets hurt because of it they "care." Hypocrites.
One of my followers is about to cop an unfollow from me...
God gave me you for the days of doubt <3
#Corelpainter MasterClass in full swing, they barely leave for lunch! Will post results next week
I would only go to an austin mahone concert if he performs more originals instead of covers I don't wanna hear covers lol
FOLLOW to fulfill the prophecy.
Having kids is awesome, especially when they bring nasty colds home to infect you with.
this result is overdue. He's been riding the umps pretty hard lately. Needs to chill out.
LOL oh no!
3:56am realization - My friends barely see me, hence I have no friends.
What a great night of fights!! We can't wait until the Sept 10th show back here in Richmond, California!!
Baby carrots are fresh and sweet and delicious. But Butterfinger Blizzards are better.
The Mask
Best brands build direct relationship with customers. Best publishers should do the same. Mitch Joel
Big shakeup coming at #Google. Larry Page to become new CEO! Needless to say, would love to be a fly on the wall at Google these days
Yeah, the Chanel logo on y left wrist.
Have a great weekend. Heading to Preakness this weekend? Take a taxi. Lost items or comments let me assist. Let me know cab color or number.
LeBron James wins 2012 Kia NBA Most Valuable Player Award
I believe that the name of the device that you are looking for would be called a Brain Recorder.
I like how Erickson keeps reminding the "welchers" to fork out the $20 league fee...lol
is worth a long drive any day, I'll never get enough!
Nobody's fine as you.
Being a working actor is very satisfying... SO GET OUT THERE AND WORK!
I am impressed with this Los Angeles kings team
