I joined a gym...and then I ordered a pizza
Cutting down TV games for archive. Someone really needs to take the telestrator away from It's not "Picture Pages".
haha lol ik we bros for life lol..nd i hope u guyz r ready for the meet this week
no it's a pic of the world lol
I SWEAR MY LIL BRO GAY SOME TIMES
depends on the kind of code, but Substantial puts on a code/beer night. Ask about it.
watcha wanna do?
RT This :) RT It almost the end of the school year And I'm already seeing who my real friends are.
William Adams~ Faith is a continuation of reason.
Only one is above
Its an enevidable cycle like a ceed it can not grow without water yet in elemtary we were showed ways to makegreenbeanssurvivewaterdonlyonce
Improv class with UCB. I'm glad my class is on Sundays. It makes for a great start to he week.
All the good stuff is underground. But every underground scene looks the same.
i think it's a legit excuse. exhaustion from helping and emotional distress? it'd totally work. haha. <3
It takes the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
i need 2 move my body....stop being LAZY T
Celebrating our 10,000th download by inviting friends and colleagues to like our page. We pledge to NEVER spam you!
yes you do
live fast die young bad girls do it well~
you should! It's really good!!!
I joined AFTRA prior and am now Sag-AFTRA and feel like the expensive pro that I am - started attending free member events 2
Fuck that game ...
Dunwoody: Encourages students to look at opinion continuum and present where the bulk of evidence lies
Trying to motivate to get off my couch.
Ok y'all. I think I'm going to stop tweeting from this account. Please follow me I'll follow back. 2 twit accounts tuff 2 manage
In at 830, but I think I might be giving a Volt with around 9. I'll have to verify details.
Home, hate this fucking bitch on my bus !
When your room mate ( ) texts you saying she wants to get "white girl wasted" >>>
#mustybutthole is a trending topic, smh !
Need help w/cataloging Q about Fed Practice & Procedure (Wright & Miller). Please DM if you can help.
Yes, it is. Every Thursday 7p-10 RT : ; is this every Thurs?!
Damn. The Phillies tied up the Braves.
Hey Tebow, Jesus called....he wants his jersey back. But mostly he was infatuated with how a telephone worked.
Marriage. It's like a cultural hand-rail. It links folks to the past and guides them to the future.
just baked some awesome South African chicken tika masala pies, and yellow curry pies!
The Macy's in southridge is so pointless
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "It's better to be SLAPPED by the truth then KISSED with a lie."
I've come2realize that the only people I need in my life R the ones who need me in theirs even when I have nothing else2offer but myself
Suck my cockiness lick my persuasion, eat my words nd then swallow ya pride down ; )
MAN you tell the truth! Especially in Miami! This is overlooked way too often.
Your blowing up my phone :)Is your case still working after it fell last Sunday? HAHA i was gonna put my number in.
Motley crue partying has nothing on lucero + will whitmore + rocky votolato tour at a new mexico hotel. Found an old video.
Finally got my extensions (:
#KidInk need to come to SC
what the HELL were you doing tweeting at 4 am in the morning?! lol
RT : Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Thomas Dewar
Oh Monday how I hate thee
We will be live tweeting during the webinar to join the conversation hashtag
you still in LA-land. We are premiering at Newport Beach Film Festival next week. I'd love to stop by and say hi.
My mother's day present to my mom = me gone.
Congratulations!!!!! I am so happy for you and Rochelle!!!
Don't go see American Reunion...sucked, glad I didn't pay for that!
(THIRD TIME'S A CHARM) Going to Avengers in ETX with Wall to wall screens and 3D. My mind is ready to be BLOWN
too cheap to let anything go to waste
#ThinnestSportsBooks 7 Habits of Highly Likable People by Bobby knight
RT : Watching the Doc, I Want Your Money.... Pretty good so far // Thx 4 watching! Check out www.iwantyourmoney.net for more
Making of Video Shooting #MusicTimeline ONLINE TODAY!!!! Are you ready??
I got to talk to you!
If only you lived in NC still, we'd make one epic duo.
about Ira? I did pass the news to and he was upset he had to find out through us instead of
yup! worst experience of my life.
well that GROUP interview went horribly. I was so nervous
That. Is. Awesome.
: hoping you're doing ok after your harrowing day.
Promoting endless breath holding training, leading to long term oxygen deprivation madness. Then you see it all the time.
IN MY GAME!
one guy looks like cleaned up The Situation, no ?
Research: Transfer - can success in one field transfer to another
CONGRATS TO BOB WICKS! He won our first pair of Van Halen tix for today. Two more chances to win at 1:35pm and 3:30 with Jeff Kent!
Tip: A reliable contractor will not demand full payment before beginning the job.
#wvu officially to the Big 12! Yee-haw!! *begins firing six shooters into the air*
The only times I've ever been fat were during my pregnancies
Thanks for RTing
you're like me though, I'm sure ;)
Credit the architect? RT : 10,000th LEED building certified today (Live Oak Family Resource Center, Santa Cruz, Calif.)
The #truth always wins...
Fasting before a doctor's appointment and I've never wanted coffee this badly in my life....and a bagel. 3 more hours to go.
Strong Bad WAS my inspiration for that title!! XD
I'm here for you <3
I am very excited for the things starting to happen in my life, I will not falter or fail.
Musician Larry Penn will be playing songs of labor and the railroad tonight in rememberence of the Bay View Massacre. 7pm No Cover
"Does Sakai support IMS Common Cartridge export yet?" - there still is no Sakai course export? I'd take sakai.xml over nothing :-)
#cil2010 talking about having a vendor fair for students to get to see products.
How far in the future - like next week, or next winter? Because I don't know, and yes.
Weren't the OVA's and movies all ADV stuff that's now OOP? I noticed you can still easily get the OVA's at Rightstuf.
#SB1070 #Arizona: Solving problems, or bringing back old ones ppl faught so hard to go away?
Stupid neighbors woke me up..
is ecstatic to be heading out to Las Vegas for the Annual Convention! See you all there!
Thank you. :) It's actually part of a little park in our "down town" area here. :)
TV is chewing gum for the eyes. Frank Lloyd Wright
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma's Bigger and Better Business a program promotes minority owned business ventures. ...Happy Founders Day
Anyone have an O You ATL ticket for sale? Would love to buy it from you. Thx!
M D's tie is a little too big. Nice.
Oconomowoc supt. Patricia Neudecker calls her plan & work "courageous" at least 3 times in her newspaper op-ed this morning.
take me with you!
she do too much lol
Thanks Tony! How r u? How do you like the new shorter 1-story format? RT : Morning. Will be watchng for it
- Guys like you are too smart to fall for the BS.
Thinking about permanently deleting my account or not going on it ever again
And I'm back in SF. Magic.
Starbucks is playing christmas music! :)
Remember pulling down your pants and lifting up your shirt to use the urinal in kindergarten? Try it at work
Ha good call.
thank you for following love. :) x
Good thing Gods love isn't based on what we do for Him ;)
W. Water Polo. USC Captures No. 3 Seed Into 2012 NCAA Championships
ME TOO!
RT : funny :-)>>>Glad I got a laugh...trust all is well in your world.
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.
hey !!! Miss you too girl ! Coming to miami soon ;) Big hug !
i wish G was off! i hate his schedule this week. missing my big day.
that was YOU behind me?!
Try driving while always looking through the rear view mirror and your bound to crash. Such is life!
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
I've been great actually! :) How have you been stranger?
Happy St. Patrick's day!!
hinderman..? ahahah and too bad it's not in the dead center. it's slightly lower 😏
i ment if u see this kian look at my last tweet
Last day to request Absentee Ballot to be mailed to you is this Wednesday October 27, 2010 in both Miami-Dade and Broward Counties...
TOOT AWAY IS SOLD OUT. But, we are making more as fast as we can. We'll let you know when it's available. Thanks for all of your support.
You forgot #GoJerryReese RT Got a feeling it's going to be a great year
": Me & #oomf fell off and I moved on ."
What the hell Austin? Lol did you bite him???
Can you point me to fwd-thinking, blogging elem librarians? Starting position at 4th/5th gr school in the fall.
What about tit? :P
...hell yes they do.
NPR story on "The Pirates! Band of Misfits" recognized Kenneth Turan as a reviewer for the "Los Arrrr-negeles Times." Kudos
Seeing #Puck in a dress.. Mental images....
I thought it was just my internet! The videos are all messed up for me
: lucky charms and guinness pizza
I missed the brenda & 45 queen dinner party poo!!!!
Life is to short for the drama so live let go strive and continue to maintain your focus and prosper!
What highest seed will farthest?
Big thanks to my girl for the trophy! Her name says it all and why you should be following her. So do it.. Do it.
is the person you must follow!
I think it is really cool that Bing Crosby appears in my #Pandora Station for 'Broken Social Scene'
so you can tell your followers that a significant percentage of tweets offer maximum value...
"Justice is what love sounds like when it speaks in public" Dr. Michael Eric Dyson
New pt job in marketing with State Farm
I sometimes feel bad that Preston doesn't get as much love from directioners as Paul does </3
I can't either!
I suppose this is an opportune time for me to go and try rdio!
such a meat brain comment
Thanks fo the Follow. Fear-Based living (or selling) is a huge problem. Keep up the good work. JRQ, "The Love-Based Leader"
#TSFL All day everyday
yup yup #TeamThirsty you wouldn't about like'n woman you fuckin cupcake
BOY YOU CAN SAY NETHIN U WANNA I DON'T GIVE A SHT NO 1 ELS CAN HAVE U I WANT U BK I WANT U BK W W WANT U WANT U BK UUUGGFHHHHH
Narnia RT “: arctic shelf RT Tennessee RT where the kentucky derby be at?”
Will take a look at the email! Thanks.
Is there any better mother-daughter bonding than shopping?
I missed it! Did you attend?
We sleep in perfect blue buildings Beside the green apple sea. Tryin to get me a little familiar, baby. Tryin to keep myself away from me.
Cardigans for everyone! RT : Ranganathan's lost 6th Law: Every library's thermostat shall be kept lowest during warm weather
I hate when you like someone, but you know he'll never go for you.. Oh well, oh well. :o
Preach!!! Don't tweet about it b about it
We appreciate the support! Hope you try us out for yourself soon!
Hey Guys whats up!? :D
Can I get your mention?
Ok! Updated! :) RT : can you update this tweet?! #NYR have tied the game!
Seriously considering "Have boobs, will travel" as my new bio for everything
Traffic in mission/fashion valley is worse today than it was during the holiday season... What's up with that?!
"It hurts me seeing a girl cry. I want to comfort her as long as I can... Or I’ll end up crying too.” - Zayn Malik
Because I like young adult novels ... excited for tomm.'s release of 's #Insurgent. If you liked Hunger Games, try her series.
Only two finals away from getting to see in Wisconsin!!!
that awkward moment when you drop your bra in your dogs water bowl... -_-
i make it a part of real-time class discussion/participation. still pulling teeth some times.
Go TIMMY!
Damn, Gucci is huge.
nope I registered it and headed out. Takin it on a roadtrip tm morning.
Watching "The 100 Greatest Songs of the 00's" on VH1. Goodness, there is so much wrong with the music industry...
"We thought you'd like to know your monthly experience shipment is on its way"- shipment email from . I'm getting wine, not pms.
it would probably be the GRANDest monday ever if you RTd me :] xx
They should bring Guys and Dolls to the big screen and you should play Adalede
that doesn't sound healthy. And I think you are more o a cougar-skin type
We are placed above all men
I did that, the neighbors had to rip theirs out after spending 4k to install it
So apparently there is a couple from England getting married soon. I heard it was kind of a big deal.
Something I'm thinking about, too. The symbolic strength of 1812 is strong for Canada & U.S. & defines national identity for both.
I love being part of the body of Christl THANKS to all my brothers n sisters who helped us packed... On the road to IA
are you ever going to tweet me?:( i want some kendall lovin too...
Good morning beautiful !! I am following you on Twitter! Hope u will follow back! Much love,
Is this thing on?! - Sarah K.
I agree! Bring on the #Makeup #Music and #JunkFood and you got yourself a PARTY! lol
I want to start a website featuring white people dancing at concerts. The most apoplectic dancers r always in the seat in front of me. Yeesh
Too late. Kidding, I'm kidding!!!
With , you get a 5% donation on every purchase to any #charity of your choice. Don't see your organization on our website? Add it!
Girl he's that BAD!!! : Lol sheeeshhh RT : Let me calm down before I have an orgasm on myself!
Gon pour out some brass monkey later for MCA
A bit sad to see the Britannica stop printing. I *loved* the 1977 Encyclopaedia Britannica set my parents had bought me.
I have a feeling tonight's one of those nights I'm gonna be crying a lot.
David Cook on American Idol :)
More people should be like that.
Hi Ramona- thanks for the add - Im looking forward to your tweets, and I hope to have some cool stuff for you too!
it's a damn shame
How are papers coming along? What can I do to help?
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
hoping changing the password works, if not hopefully #twitterhelp can fix it lol.
Exhausted, but pushing on. 175 applications out and so the wait continues.
Blue Mountain State. Why am I just finding out about you now? Where have you been all my life? Netflix, thank you for putting it up <3
OH MY
What happening? www.disruptivefood.com <--- that
Does Jeff Magnum know his publicist spells his name wrong, like, literally all the time?
Wait. Did the 'Skins give 3 1s and a 2 for a 1?
Watched a good TV show taping today. It was fun!
there is another dude names phee in Chicago too. he may be mad when he finds out I own the copywriter to the name
Got my 40 #brewers tixs for tavern league of the game, Twins May 18th, sign up start next week!!!
I execute events for liquor comp, I own a catering company, specializing in mobile bar service,we run events at 87 & Collins
is & always will be my fave social media curmudgeon & I mean that in best possible way! Follow him & his blog.
Just posted everything. Probably no need to repost, unless you want to later. I think it's close enough.
so I know this one girl who is a die hard laker fan but lives in SLC! #DOESN'TMAKEANYSENSE SMDH LOL
You were the star of the show last nite babes! So glad I went to to see you! xoxo
- my family and I come to Charleston every year 4 vaca and we always try a few new things - gonna have to swing by your shop!
you know how you are with MGK? THAT'S HOW I AM WITH CHILDISH GAMBINO.
guess. whose. back.
Have you started to feel it? The fresh cut grass, newly raked infield, and the hope for a legendary season. GO CUBS!
Hadn't heard that! Nothing on his site or Hazlett's. Tho he's in Newport Jul 29 then Chicago Aug 3, so ...
“: Win tickets to see The Heartless Bastards at The Bluebird on 4/14! Email " fingers are crossed haha
i love how laughs at my bad night at work !
HAPPY SATURDAY! What could make it an even happier Saturday?! A Classic Butter Salmon Steak from B!
its not for me lol
Luck said he got a congratulatory text from Peyton yesterday.
It's true, has started a full nerf war I've personally gone with the mutually assured destruction approach. cc
I've learned the importance of going beyond your comfort zone -Healey
Good morning!!!!!! MUAH
Shouting whitney songs at the top of me voice!
haha oh, my sister goes to college in Dayton, so I'm down there all the time!
Seems like TAL is handling the Daisey/Apple story in the best way possible. I dread the day that happens to us.
just 4 more hours of sleep pretty please
RT : Success can be dangerous, failure can be dangerous. But success is the better of the two. Dana Gioia
:-) Truer than we'd sometimes like to admit. The most wonderful things in my own life have happened outside my comfort zone.
i did!! see the tweet i just sent to !!
Wait, what? Free iPads? Digital pedagogies.
if i post to reverb can u listen to it
Call out sick with 29er?
: now that is back on his feet we need to schedule that #BSF lunch!!
Strategic bandwidth advantage focuses on supporting innovative consumers.
Happy Valentine's Day to you and your sweethearts from Delicious Licks!
Not YET - 5 performances to go! RT : ... Has anyone brought raw meat yet? They did in Spain!
I recommend Alton Brown's show on pancakes. It's what finally gave me consistency.
RFT . “: Twitter cracks more in the night .__. <3”
Flying to Sebring for the race. And you?
"The rare occasion when a single sketch can tell the entire story..." - Gutierrez Studios
Combining NHL Playoffs, NFL Draft......and hip hop dance world championships online. Does it make sense to anyone?
I have a slide emergency! says cat pics in slides is out of style now. Please advise :)
Michelle can't understand why I sit here and obsessively listen to a song 30 times in a row....cause the kick sounds sweet....duh
Happy SpursDay! Spurs/Clippers tonight...excited!
I had a nice time in San Francisco. :) I deserved a perfect day. Can't wait to go back.
Can't sleep.
RT : Scott's Submarine is featured in and scores high www.myndapp.com
COME CHECK OUT www.theeroticchallenge.com... ARE YOU THE HOTTEST GIRL AROUND? LETS SEE IF AMERICA AGREES!!! SIGN UP
Sent you guys an e-mail about working with you! Hope to hear from you soon :)
Rest in peace Stacy Robinson you will be missed by many current, former and future players.
Met an old man in #SPSLA.He says he started learning code when christ was born on machine language & is still learning. Cheers
Thanks, no hurry getting back to us, always so much going on :)
Struggling with php coding. Anyone have a horizontal ticker script in php for WordPress they could give me? You would decrease my stress. ;)
Some of the mfckrs I follow can't spell.
It's a fantastic Monday! overcast outside - sunny inside.
No because every time they say “we have to talk” i brake up before they say anithing else.
Remarkably no 19th c. missionaries saw irony in Christians preaching "the blood of the atonement" & attacking "sanguinary rites of heathens"
RT : & I are ready to get this party started are you? Get ready for fresh fish & sweet sips!
Lord, Creator God, grant me meekness today, gentleness, kindness; then it's in your hands to guide my judgment and protect me.
What up justin!
that was a BEAUTIFUL touchdown by the Packers!
Ha! Relief. Thought I was gonna have to get into a political debate. And I'm kinda shaky on that stuff.
Can people get off Capture The Crown's dick! There are way worse bands then them.
Seven days without love makes one weak.
I am!! Cant see faces RT : Look up high at the booth behind home plate w KSTE sign hanging under it.
The store is open today 8:30am-2:30pm. Teachers, don't forget to shop this month!
my brother is in NYC?
who's djing the velvet room for sunday ?
Birthdays , birthdays , birthdays ! Get closer to mine ! December 13th , ♥
Sacramento boy till I die nigga cypooooo thank god for the ylo D's lmfaooooo 😳
seriously grow up and quiet playing these little middle school games ....
working tonight?
you obviously got time for it if you keep tweeting me back .
Owning Erik Bedard in fantasy baseball is like that Seinfeld episode where Kramer sees how far he can drive on one tank of gas.
Not helpful for your nail polish poll! Get it together.
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Rehab or not, tiger's stiffness continues to be a problem. from
I gotta' feeling Nancy Grace is gonna' go CRAZY real soon!
Umm can I add my 2 cents...
U suck
Seoul's Incheon International Airport named the world's best - GlobalPost
no need to be harsh :(
GREAT! See you in Israel! :) You're going to have an AMAZING time.
Beautiful :D ♥ ' Is it over yet? Can I open my eyes? Is this as hard as it gets? is this what it feel's like to cry?' ♥ ♫
feel the intensity of the nc Qcity im opening this str8 dirty south mouth rebel w/o a pause for my ladies as fine as the starz xoxo 8==D -;p
I was biking. From NE down the river to the Greenway, into Uptown, around the lakes, up to 394, into downtown and home. 30+ miles
How does making more than A-Rodg feel?
When people say that they used to hate you. Youre like
Tee---buh bye!
True potential #:)
You finally back to the caffeine?
Was reading the #economist and in a story the quote was "note to our non-American readers #NASCAR is an American sport involving fast cars"
The Four Feathers movie trailer preview from cheapflix
I really meant I might u to build some cabinets!
Its a Beaitiful day! :)
hope your testing went good.
it's terrible
Starting off the day with a little nuclear weapon shop talk. Dick Cheney.
Finally got a twitter just for the lab. join us to stay updated on our adventures.
that is the man to have!
Wow weather here in SC is crazy.. hail and tornado warnings.. my puppy is in surgery.. this is going to be one fun filled weekend :-)
Think this is about to be the best of the night.
if #Celtic wouldn't of been down to 9 men against #Rangers at Glasgow then they probably would of won that game too.
Observation #2: Just got here and I already can't believe how many different, insanely good things I've tasted.
Like you have never wondered whether or not poop could actually be mailed.
This is where real musics at! Go ahead, follow and take a listen. (: #FF , ,
you are very welcome!!!
Pujols could have been the next Stan Musial. Instead, he's the next A-Rod. Money talks. The AL West is the new AL East. Yikes.
I'm just now watching The Voice finale. Why is Christina pantless?
When boys hug you and you can feel their abs pressed up against your body.
your #DCNashville friends miss you. Many thanks for your excellent workshops packed with business and #drupal goodness
blair be polite !!!!!!!! haha im not friends with stuck up bitches i just know them
Er, sorry, cultural patrimony and theft just gets me all hot and bothered. But really. Don't buy illegal artifacts! It's so easy! Stop!
please follow me i love you<333
Gift package from The Balm!
If you think you can do it better than they can, you are probably right. But proving it is the best revenge ever.
True stuff
How long does it take to slow-cook the most perfect egg? Paul takes a crack at cooking and eating at One Market Restaurant (8/8/10) @ 5:30PM
Follow the MKEYouthCouncil this week as we speak with Iraqi students and Chicago groups about #youth and #leadership!
It's all fun and games to you realize we're paying income tax, state tax, excise tax, sales tax, property tax, tourist tax,
What is Nintendo thinking with the Wii U?
Wow, First Mega Shark vs. Crocosaurus & now Dinocroc vs. Supergator. As long as Supergator isn't a Tebow reference, this night has been epic
can't the rapture be on a freaking Monday? So I lose the weekend. But scheduled cable man for sat..FU comcast
Would you allow me to send you a file outlining how you could sell a mobile wedding app to your customers? Jim - LocalMobil
that's that shit I don't like !
Lights out at #OaklandColiseum in 4th inning of Tigers v As game. It's Star Wars theme night at the park.
If I hated you I wouldn't have tweeted " When me and Eric were close >> How we are now :/ " :'/
srry guys that wasnt the good one ! :$ >> my story im going 2 look for the right one haha :$ xmichelle
Watching The Iron Lady. This movie is a bore, and as much as I admire Meryl Streep, it's a joke to me that she won the Oscar over Rooney.
Oh so true
Home has vastly different meaning for many Africans | Your online ...
Lobos play this afternoon and State plays this evening. Are you ready for some March Madness?
Spent the bulk of the day working on the new website! So pumped!
No problem =) Thank you lol
“: Jason Campbell: out for the year. Even worse, Kyle Boller: in for the year.”
same underwear 3 days and counting!!
what shows? :O
If you worry about yesterday's failures, then today's successes will be few. - Anonymous
Bad day today
Totally agree. You can tell the guys got a real fire inside him. Can't wait to see him ravage QB's. #VonWolfe'nDoom
you have nice teeth
If you don't have anything nice to say, simply nod your head, smile and say nothing.... :-x
Hahaa No. I had someone make it....
LOL!! That's funny
I guess I’m too selfish & too much the curmudgeon, but no way I am going to think or do anything connected with work during this vacation.
I actually just started playing it today and found the Master Quest mode very entertaining as a veteran of the game.
hahaha it's very similar to that shady movie, never trust a hottie☝
how many euro players have left Europe to play in the CHL? Which countries are the ones hurting the most from it?
I mean ur welcome and thanks for telling me
I'm always gassed up I'm Neva on E! LMAO
Waiting on this call tho
Thanks - consider it done. You might want to #FF ,
is happy that Blaine and Kurt kissed. Thanks
thanks. I was a former counsel member a few years back (w/ ShopLocal) & had a great experience with my counsel (forget the #)
Give our buddies a follow or two while you're awake!
I am so not looking forward to tomorrow but I wouldn't miss it for anything.
Am I the only person who gets sidetracked for hours reading (& crying over) the sad youtube comments that accompany every 1970s soul song?
This is worst.officiated series ive ever seen
RT : Today only at : Golden Globe-winner for best picture and best director: "The Social Network."
Nothing says motherhood more than getting on your knees to look for lego pieces under the grocery stands. Gotta love it.
When the green-eyed monster rears its ugly head, it represents jealousy; similarly, an individual can be green with envy.
Great week ahead! Looking at my calendar and i am happily booked!
Thanks! RT : happy birthday Baker!
Come join St. Sabina and Pastor Pfleger at 79th Racine ... TAKE IT TO THE STREETS!
me too. What r yur plans today?
Yea! Happy to hear we are keeping you connected to the Twitter universe while away! Thanks for taking us along.
I need to start tweeting again. I've neglected and lost followers =/
Happy Monday to you, too! - Bryan
Inquiring minds want to know....how do YOU handle the situation when you've discovered mold in YOUR home?
Forgot how bumpin Jet Files is
Steal my ideas naw it's coo
Not many trick-or-treaters tonight. It's so quiet it's a good night for a scary movie!
listening to music
I need to go to sleep. Going for an early run in the morning. I need my energy.
No problem dear. :)
lol I hope the lakers win the west...there's no way in hell Miami can beat them.
thanks Lucy! I haven't forgotten about our interview. The album is being mixed, I'll email in a few days!
Thx again :-) : You're welcome. I hope the airports & airlines are good to you this week. Album is gorgeous...
Hahaha your doing the same thing in both pictures. :)
RT : Frida Kahlo on exhibit at the Harry Ransom Center! (They are a also giving away a membership for date auction)...
Robbie Gould you are ridiculous!
"There's nothing to match curling up with a good book when there's a repair job to be done around the house." ~Joe Ryan
Can't sleep.
Don't let a lack of resources keep you from moving forward with faith and wisdom. Allow God to fill in the miracle space.
gotcha.... but what restaurant do you want to have either meal in nyc?
good morning everyone hope you guys have a wonderful Thursday afternoon
These kids are UGGGGGGLLLLLLLYYYYYYY
Delicious Planet is thinking about serving Tacoma one day a week. What are your thoughts?
I'm sure they're just as confused as everyone else
Driving n listening to country music makes me realize that I need go back to my old self. The girl that didn't go out n hated house music,
The housekeeper, too. WEIRD.
Orientation tomorrow!
Beware, 2DC is lurking & shall strike thee with a mighty musical note !
My mom irratates me soo much!!:/
give peace a chance
lol I just did
true, but still, 38,000 americans going to a soccer game is good
Your colleagues in San Diego are with you and wishing everyone in our 50th state well!
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up 25 cent Wing Special (from 8pm to 12am) , $5.00 you call it on DRINKS & TAPAS, DJ 12 Tribe on the decks
We don't need to eat anyone who would run, swim, or fly away if he could..Go Vegan!!!
Harry's voice is so asdfghjklbwjifjuhioejfdoksakmp <333 Makes my heart melt. Like the rest of the band. :)
Yes, I will definitely be making it over to there at some point!
Best thing about the #Caps crowd in DC? No dumbasses in shirts & ties sitting on the ice. 99% red jerseys.
#YEE it's raining. Now it's like raining nonstop in Texas. c;
why you aint come scoop me up
That's because its going to be off the chains RT : Everybody Hittin me up about my Anniversary Party Tonight in Nocturnal!!!
Modeling is such a great job! Maybe I could be one of the ones in store windows. - Kelly Bundy
"You know, I’m programmed to check the time at every single 9:11 I’m awake for." "AM and PM?" - ANN, OR OTHER PEOPLE opens 10.20.2011
Well it's about time followed me back !
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
great seeing you this afternoon! Thanks for the Mormon swag to bring back to Minney. :)
Vijay Iyer and Herbie Hancock in the same weekend....a pianist's dream!
RT : Don't pay Ebay prices for new Lips vinyl-more stores should have today or tomorrow! Good Records, Grimeys, Electric Fetus
Now if only they'd announce some GULF coast tour dates!
He gone come hm fuck up n want to talk til 5am
lets do a 9iron at Internbay then I can show inthe Golf Drone course mapper 4000
Ur damn Beautiful :o Like ur videos in Youtube..(: Like ur Lips !
Join tonight at 5pm and be a part of how God is impacting Austin, TX for Christ! We will see you there!
What did I do wrong for this to happen..
come over for dinner tonight. i can help you study.
What up bro
I know right?!
Welcome to twitterville!
Looking forward to taking my grandmother out to see Water for Elephants. We read the book together!
Did u vote today? Well i wouldnt have voted even if i couldve voted! Its THEIR laws, ran by THEIR people, with THEIR own government!
I need summer workouts to kick me back in shape.
Hopes everyone stays safe during this hurricane! I am ready with my pjs, laptop charged for movies and some beers =]
Ohio Delts & Chi O's <3
just read #GirlWalksIntoABar in one sitting...so so good. Thank you for the awesome
coming back from stellar presentation & grateful to have such a vibrant & passionate team!
Wow - awesome!
My daughter asked why people with funny names like Mitt & Newt want to be President. I replied, yep we need Ronnie's & George's. She agreed.
Jessica:"my fucking arm is hurting!" rashida:"you want me to finish?!" 😂😂😂
check your direct messages. I resent coupon code
Has Ms Obama ever looked more attractive than she did at the WHCD? Damn.
that's y its a shout out stoop
315 million Apple devices sold in the world
Love ! The Grand Opening Beauty Bag sounds amazing!
did u catch up w EL?
Thank for joining our network! Visit us at www.hairlink.co
Lead of the year, good sir.
CR Rohrbough, I hug you. (Hey PS, are you gonna be in WV any time this year? Maybe we can arrange a hangout, yo!)
Thanks for sharing our #blog entry!
Watching Brooklyn 11223 with Viggle Mon | 11PM | Oxygen HD (Pacific) Get real rewards just for watching TV.
thanks for the RT!
Bubba Watson wants to make you cheer, SEC, SEC....SEC
Thanks for the #FF, I like your jewelry.
Happy Veterans Day! Thank You for your Service!
We bet you did. Your article looks fascinating. Reading now.
Channeling my inner Sydney Bristow at the
Sleepy as fuck:'(
Just back from mtg w/editor and director and viewing first 50min of PRIVACY; damn! its looking good.
Aiiiiight. Do I smell juice? Yipppeee
yes! one day we will learn hahahaa
Definitely brewing up a master plan :):):):):)
Ditto on all counts! :) RT : Highlight of my morning? Running into on my way into the office. LOVE those moments!
u got it
Had the best weekend in a very long time thanks to my boy Elmer also a try die hard packers fan I guess the green and yellow fans get down
Reminiscing with some old basketball friends
Why is RIP Jackie Chan trending?!?!? that scared me for a sec.. it's a hoax people!
Seriously jealous to be missing out! But if you run into Kate or Becky from my company, say hi.
Oh your welcome!!!!:)
#shoeslessinvegas ? RT : Just learned what ratchet means...
Now there is one outstandingly important fact regarding Spaceship Earth, and that is that no instruction book came with it
Yup! To Miami on Thursday morning.
I really wish my damn boyfriend would get home!!!!
Another great #FF suggestion is and !
I want you, but I want you to want me too.... just like I want you
Gotta drive out to the #brandery in #Cincy. #Leap - engaging pitch
I am always looking for great acting tips for myself and to share with others.
will this be on demand
do i have an idea of who?? Lmao
#projectx was a solid entry in the party movie genre. It did exactly what was expected.
American pie Betta house(y)
Yes, your hate has been found and is safe and sound. I'll tag it with your twitter name, you can come get it anytime we're open!
Today was a great daay♥
Happy Spring Break! Enjoy the time off, and of course stay safe!
Just tapped Flying Dog Double Dog Imp. IPA 11.5%. Last of its kind in WA.
In 2012, I’m pledging to run more often with Nike+ GPS. This will be my year to #makeitcount with
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 7
All New Episode of #JerseyShore right now
Any US stores that are less bad than WF?
Top 12 films based on classical mythology: From 'My Fair Lady' to 'Troy', the greatest films based on Greco-Roma..
Crazy week!
Artists Boot Camp is now looking for interns on the music side and business/marketing. email resumes to
You can still catch a Rivershore Charter! Last boat at 7pm!
Agreed. There will be an intervention.
Capitol Records Twit Katy Perry to be sued by Grammy Voting BMI Published Artist Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder for Copyright Infringement!!
Poll: would music fans be interested in receiving sms updates from artists?-john
I meant to reply to this link. Chunk alert left rear!
Who are the Pacers to beat LeBron James AND Dwyane Wade???? I just wanna be real here
forgetting i was on twitter lol
According to these emails, I should "TRUST NO ONE (but us, 'cause we're special!)"
RT : Had a #likeable field day with and very proud of my winning team!
My name is Marty Bindschatel just in case you need it!
Hello sunshine.
We are dropping off tickets to people in the San Diego area today! Send us a message if you want a ticket for our Nov. 11th Show at Soma!$12
Working while driving to Austin. Love my mobile hotspot.
“The people who were trying to make this world worse are not taking the day off. Why should I?”- Bob Marley
Bill Sr to #2012GEO We all make mistakes and continue learning.
Learning about photo-elicitation interviewing at the
I'm just so stressed out i'ma snap and it's not gonna be good.
I would love to!!!
Only a month into our referral program and we already have someone who reached 3 confirmed referrals. Huge Thank You to Jeremy Abolade.
Planning on a fabulous weekend up in Linden, TX for the Texas Music Awards!
where have you been in the US?
Joyful Noise was good!
can you play " Sweet Love " by .
...if PO'd keeps you inspired then GBP nation is ready to see you play even better in '11 (year of the repeat)... YOTR
look into his eyes...that kid has cold blooded killer mean streak u see from the great ones #inittoLINit - u can't teach that
Anyone have a list of local brewed root beers; researching for my blog
Tons of people! Seemed like last night was especially bad for a lot of people.
Getting on the second bus half way there. Buying my mgk tickets in Denver
Got to hear the train operator call it "NoMa" tonight
Dick Cheney news trumps Rick Stantorum news. I guess that's accurate given the importance of each individual
I want an electric powered car!
#LAMHarvard THickerson: be open to interdisciplinary colleagues who will bring new approaches and directions to our thinking.
thank you both BTR and Ariana Grande are very inspiring ppl!
RFT!!! ": I want to do something this spring break for real though."
Wheew, Okay i Finished dat song lemme take a Cat Nap!!
the music just doesn't sound the same without the chronic man
In need of more bball shorts. Gotta go shopping soon
Is it easy to learn patience? I don't think so. Its one of the most difficult personal qualities to master..
Dammit. Great game, still love my Rangers regardless. CJ will get it back tomorrow.
is still adorable. It's true. Oh look. It's the Oneders or Wonders.
Nothing to fucking do.
Charlie Weiss drinks gravy flavored #gatoraide. Im sure of it.
will you shout us out and follow were a tw account that is sharing fanmily encountering with the guys<3
my brother adam said to thank everyone cuz #happynewyearadam must be for him
I will be back though. #Phoenixrisingfromashes #thatwastoodramatic #tomorrowmaybedonutMonday Hiw are things with you?
i think NBA licenses are tough to get. maybe if i made friends with the gift shop at the bradley center, they could order it.
Up for endorsement for City Council pos. 1: Maurice Classen, Bobby Forch, Jean Godden, Michael Taylor-Judd. Maurice is speaking.
yeah i'm already a daddy xD
Chillin getting ready for bed
So all we need now is for 10-man, 18th-placed QPR to hold our for a result a champions-elect Man City. Easy enough...
- thanks! I think I saw you there?!? We were there around 1130ish! See you next time -
yeah that's when he did it
Wasn't a tie, and there is no rule that says that.
lol dude yeah it was a blast, dogs are the coolest ever
Probably not productive, but funny. RT Assem Hansen's put-down of PPA lawyer has become the highlight of the hearing
I can't take too much of Tennessee anymore and I got family who is begging me to come out there.
hey there! we have it on hold at the moment! But feel free to still write up ... link to our Facebook page instead?
So, you are officially saying Tiger won't do it?
I want a cake ball now ! lol.
Just looked out the window and saw somebody walking a cat.......
I feel like cuddling 😘
followback,Is Hot related to Grey's Anatomy
Um, ? It seems shit is going down in places. Any to-dos going down in PDX? I have a bunch of crap to do today.
Did you not take your meds this morning? I need my meds this morning.
"GOP Vows Debt Ceiling Showdown". Here we go again.
Amy Winehouse - Frank
"open" prefix is polysemous; use of open in #opengov, open source, open innovation, #opendata, etc is not equivalent nor necessarily related
IT'S SAT! TIME FOR LUNCH & $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS at THE SMILING MOOSE! GET HERE!
Enjoying "new" old IBM compy...thanks to fantastic help from Hampton. Now I can once again operate fluently in both languages: Mac & PC!
Thrashers home game tomoorw with the Islanders, LETS GO THRASHERS, we nned a big win
call he's a good catch
Good morning Nice to see you.
I saw it bruh it was clean for sure tho
How about just packing a suitcase and hittin the highway of life and living for the first time!!Drive into that sunset and never look back!
a vintage gold cuff!
tol me to hit yu up about details on me and hoppin on camera
researching on the stock market for tomorrow's trade
Good morning #rouxers :D have a great day
#ff for the latest in vikings news. Go Vikings! We better get favre a rotary phone you can't sext with those
omg I'm dying laughing ! lol
Such a sunny day, my day is going good but why does the cold wind bother to show up??
Mikael: MD Harm'n: assuming one is exchanging a diversity of syntaxes
5 hours of sleep, let's do it.
I'm pretty sure I hate every single song T.I. has recorded or been featured in. I just really hate his voice.
now that Osama is dead, I want to know where he has been hiding all this time....
Survived an all day strategy meeting feeling optimistic and busy. A whole day of interviewing tomorrow will, I'm sure, leave me thirsty.
hello from San Diego!
White chalk when you dive back on the 3rd base line..
I say with the bunny. It's a badass bunny too. My daughter would love it.
4 days left...hope everyone got costumes!
blink182 & the branched bands, kind of mood today.
Which one of you tweeters goes to West Memphis jr high or West Memphis high school?
Have to start the day with some Bela Lugosi. Love The Town Monster.
what's your thoughts on all these social media IPOs?
To whichever of my co-workers who stole from my purse tonight...you f'ing suck. And I mean that from the bottom of my heart.
I don't wanna waste your precious time.
I hate that you can't change your furni in the design home app
Get Back to Basics: For something to Work, You Must work it!
Sounds awesome. RT : Thinking of starting fun stats site called "R-squared less than Zero,"
Go after past customers before spending time or money on looking for new ones -- a reminder from Good advice.
Non-profit :)
blah blah blah need to get to bed got towake up early and look pretty for him!!(:
yea for Christine! We are at work on the phone with each other talking about you! She says she is hot!
pics coming soon :)!
is that in DAR??
just peachy keen here babe, how's your day?
One of life's biggest ironies.....No One Gets Out Alive!
TWEET NUMBER THREE FUCKING HUNDRED BITCHES!!!! D*con! D*con! D*con!!!!!!
The coffee mug/web cam in your house or brain banter on is cracking me up!
how are you doing today cutie?? :-)
#GhettoTextSignatures Me+you=Nigga Power, not to put you on blast tia but, you ratchet)
I'm 13
call me
Go Like My Video On My Profile..I'll Return The Favor (:
im gonna take a wild guess that no asians work at why? cuz I got the circle "Chen Family" w/ every Chen in my address book LOL
A mix of sun and clouds today. A spotty shower can't be ruled out of the question. Warm with a high of 90!
Just seen: "If you have a parrot and you don't teach it to say,"Help, they've turned me into a parrot." you are wasting everybody's time."
I like Neil and Zayn. :)
Thats whats up RT : Wish yall luck & success ":Get ready new year is gonna bring a lot of great things from the WC."
Ah man, looks like i'm really missing out :(
I guess I know what I'll be doing this summer. :p
Man, I'm running up out this bitch at 5 on the dot...#NBS 🏃🏥
I'm really good at finding email addresses.
Support the tour #Louisiana Style!
People with smart mouths <<<<< bag that ass all the way UP
no clue who makes rules, but MTA bus reps I & others spoke to claim drivers choose their runs & can't be made to take a run...
Omg The avengers was amazin
This tweet is 4 everyone in my tl who r mothers, i hope yall hv a happy mother's day.
#Acura commercial may be best auto commercial yet #brandbowl. Props to
Stay by my side and you'll feel better and be safe !!
welcome to twitter....
well then you should follow me because we have something in common :)
Happy New Year! Love you Davidsons!
looks yum! did you make this?
Daily Couve and Clark County Live thank you for following us
Okeyxoke--see you at Icon!
Outside of Braun, who else will be an impact playwright this year?
hot mess what happen sound like u need a hug
>> Smart use of technology can enable this transition.
thanks for helping us spread the word. We appreciate that.
The midnight train to Boston still hasn't gotten in to Boston.
i've never been as goofy or giggly as i've been the last hour ☺
Who saw the sign Jay-Z just put up...
They are at our Camp Randall location- 608-256-9499
With the Mayor and other VIPs at the FBI Open House and groundbreaking
It's too bad we can't kick China and Russia off the UN Security Council. This is BS.
They speak candidly about the social hardships they faced,their careers, and Jim B. goes in on the non social activism of today's athletes!
That what does not kill you, makes you wish it had
Its a common misconception of #Narcoleps To the contrary we are very hard workers- we work w/our brain cycling thru sleep stages!
Agreed. You need critical mass, and that mass has to come from somewhere.
Won't be going to north Carolina anytime soon, that's fo sho.
Hey Kayla, are you getting paid by these news agencies for your pics?! Double down!
let's see if some more of my followers, would show me love on this very special day of mine :)
Jeremiah 5:28-29 "Their evil deeds have no limit; they do not plead the case of the fatherless to win it..."
Stevie Wonder!!! They should of had him perform
god (: his father is quite nice
boy haven't you learned anything? Don't b fooled by the rocks that she got, she's still, she's still jenny from da block 😒
I got the 5 and 2
haha sorry you keep taking the bait
We need a fluke goal from #QPR now, or 10 goals from #MUFC and
Let the Christmas Cookie making begin. Everyone's welcome!
ED Secretary Arnie Duncan shares experiences using longitudinal data system while school leader in Chicago
Fake hair.fake smile . fake friend. hun, are u sure u weren't made n china ???
And!..groceries.
#sxgpages Reasons for Google+ 1) search relevance 2) hangouts....not social. According to the panel at
Glad to hear you guys are having great weather. We are as well. finally. I'll be very open tomorrow and I'm looking for to it
Thank you!
Cutoff weather 👍
yeah that thing is a sexy beast!
Throats so sore this morning :( but glad a have a double bed to myself :D.
Little Weapons is having a big meeting right now! We're excited!
so my old 2 decideds 2 talk 2 me the other day and ask for my number #hell2daNo i think the last time was enough i'm still hearing about it
sweet home alabama is on!
Happy Cinco de Mayo San Diego! Before you party like a rock star, book a cab/limo/bus, so everyone can get home safe!
Audition for "Cyrano" this summer!
Done :) RT : Did you know MVP, Justin Verlander is on Twitter? Follow him,
likewise, if you ever need anything I'm always down to network and get my name out.
Yup! Exactly, as I figured.
You and I can get together anytime, but why don't I plan on coming to Career Curves on 3/19? They still meet at 10:00 am?
If I'm louder, would you see me? Would you lay down, in my arms and rescue me? ❤❤❤
Was able to grab a glimpse of the next version of WebCamWindow today. Wait til you guys see it.
this new computer isn't letting me use pro tools 9 for some reason. I'm trying to figure it out. I'll keep u posted
Wish I was in Chicago for #mybxb. I'll be following along on Twitter so you all better be on your A game.
Watching HeeHaw with my mom. Just wow. Lol.
Damage controlling what fake/parody accounts are saying? Really necessary? Drawing the attention of your 193k followers worth it?
wow Liam, just wow. You have a twitcam while I'm at school... Well I hope someone records it
My twitter name ant dat name for no reason
In class this morning s/o to all of y'all that did the damn thing last nite for that special someone...
a bit bragadocious
Vent: isn't it easier for YOU if I register online as opposed to through snail-mail? Then why charge me a $5 transaction fee? DUMB!
Yo #swsea11! Everyone ready for demos? You all calm & collected? ;)
my brother is so damn annoying.
Yes we can put on the list, what is your full name and how many?
has anyone made some GREAT New Years Resolutions? please share!
Been on this money marathon come run a Lap with ya boy...
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie Don't hide in a closet, psychos like Michael Myers will always find you there. Dumbasses
Did someone say spring pizza picnic? Small specialty pizzas only $8.99. Over 20 to pick from! (carry-out, dine-in, delivery) (3/28-29/2012)
I can't find a good group for horde... Always fall apart around wave 10
Watching The Voice hoping mine returns soon...one week into this cold and it doesn't want to let go of me!
if you were offered the cover of Madden would you take it?
The FMLA applies to organizations with 50 or more employees
Good day today
First Tecmo action since #TecmoVIII. Just got my ass handed to me in an Oilers/Raiders matchup. Riki Ellison owes me a personal apology.
I hear ya...me too
Senate adjourned and will hold pro forma sessions until February 27.
u know I stop trusting u when u did u know what to u know who. Haha
“: Feels good to be home! Time to win” light fools up WoodShead !!
I hope your dreams stay big, your worries stay small, and you never have to carry more than you can hold.
Chase e-banking > Ebanks
my coworker 4got about me when i thought she was gon get some chinese food.
Happy early birthdayy I wishh we could spend every birthday together!!!
thanks hon:)
I dnt deserve u I dnt wanna hurt u dnt let me get yo way still ma shit Lloyd banks LOL
But it would never happen otherwise I love you!!
Congrats on your board win!
Okay, enough with the gloom. Uncle!
Eat, Drink, Dance, and have a great Experience always making everyone feel so special !
I have to get a better twitter app for the iPhone.
thank you :-)
MIDNIGHT IN PARIS is a trifle, but as a die-hard Woody fan, still glad about its Best Screenplay victory! Go Woody!
I am more or less exactly like her in that regard. :)
Would you like a week of free smoothies and let me tell you about w/ ?
RIP Jack Horkeimer, The Star Hustler. Epitaph: Keep Looking Up was my life's admonition, I can do little else in my present position.
mitt romney says "President Obama is spending too much" BECAUSE he wants even MORE Cut Taxes for WEALTHY & Corporations. Re-Elect Obama!!
So harsh on McFly. It's just a movie chaps. Not real life. RT: “: Marty still SUCKS.”
Hope I leave this dealership with a car
#HappyFathersDay - Treat dad to a tan!
Cheering on our Penn Alumni at the #PennAW Quaker Trot @ Penn Park
clown ass niggas aint never on shit thats y i cant take them serious
Whenever I see someone getting bullied I stand up for them . It just breaks my heart to know how horrible people can be </3
BRONCHITIS SUCKS SO BAD!!!!!!!!!!! i need to get better. and soon.
It was Rory Cavaille who blocked it. And it was in 2009.
Whew! #MobileMe back in operation after 10-min outage. Sorry to press the button so quickly, but this is not the first time it's scared me.
Sometimes I really hate how shy I am and how much I care about other people's opinions of me. I want to by carefree & not care what anyone..
it sucks having no one to talk to..
PTL for an amazing #INCgiving event - tune in, INCMEDIA.org! And now, amazing post-shoot meal ! w/ Cruz & Buenavistas
Wow, claiming that Basiji are the ones that have been killed? Khamenei killed any chance he had of stopping the protests.
Neither can I! RT Just signed up for Dec, can't wait!
I gave +K about Red Bull on
I think maybe you've been spammed?
you think you know it all but you don't!!!!
#Stolls, The Ninth Wife. Everyone has baggage, right? Brilliant nuanced & burlesque examination of life choices that make sense at the time.
Been really busy & happy about it!
Headed to NY to meet with CNN tomorrow
Good Morning Tasha! Just letting you know that class Twitter accounts are now in Blackboard for our #WorkplaceTechnology class
nothing happens with I click posts tweets to Facebook in my profile
ITNS - .059 to $2? Merely testing to see if it's hype or the genuine article.
Ok ok 103 degree heat index, you win! Our new treadmill has been ordered.
Must remember: RT if you can't change it or fix it or influence it in any way, you have to let it go. Let it go. And breathe
when the bats are alive - this team is dangerous!
It was once said that "Politics & Solutions have little to do with 1 another. Solutions are about solving the problem, not taking sides.".
I REMEMBER THAT TOO. And in reality I had just made it.
Happy Monday Folks! Wanna stop in and say hi? Bring your frames too!
Appreciate it. Ha, I'd just like NHL to have more nation-wide appeal. I too am sick of Ovi vs. Sid & Detroit vs the world.
thx for the shout out. Funny thing, FactCheck is actually my middle name. Its Ukrainian. Means One who prances in tutu whilst drunk.
Why does that sound so funny?!! "youre mean!"
how long are you and gonna leave Texas? 😔
help for the 2011 #stuffabus 3 locations #canton #royaloak & #ClintonTownship help us fill school buses with toys
Taiwan for vacation?
good morning
no i wish! but its on demand for free :)
Tonight is the 10:50pm pst premiere for the music video CAUGHT finally!www.ustream.tv
Haha. Unfortunately, so many people drink it that it's nearly impossible to cut out entirely. We just have to do our best
Another snow storm, another perfectly good velour tracksuit RUINED.
could we please interview you guys? (:
Think I'm gonna rent a car tomorrow and explore Denver... I know Colorado is beautiful and I'm tired of not experiencing it.
they got my boy kobe
Dear Girls , Guys Should Put Yoou Before Anything Or Anyone . Becuss Love Is What You're Willing To Give Up .
sold, great record
Last set at the gym I throw on Mercy halfway thru Ye's verse so that the "2 chaiiiinz!" yell gets me through the last push lmao
Speak God's Word today to whatever mountain you are facing and watch it crumble away! (Mathew 17:20)
FYI pee doesn't come out of labia, or vaginas. Thought you might be interested to know that. love your speedo.
Who do u think will be the next miss Venezuela??
Ralph Friedgen: "Well, it’s not painful because I watch it for the kids. I could care less about Maryland. I’ve burned my diploma."
the best way to work with faculty in professional advising? SHARE...
Then Omarion...Now she's an Omarion fan! Hilarious!
We look forward to seeing your design at our Bedmaking event next week!
Yall go out to writers block 2 nite...some of n.o finest!!!
Would u rather have a nice wholesome boring but loyal mate or a straight up exciting freak in ur life?
I will tweet daily on the " #Chain Challenge " ... Anyone else want in... Then I am calling you out... Continued next tweet
lol he don't want none
Wishing were up. I need somebody to talk to. :/
Hmm. Don't recall discussing headphones with you.
LOL ":The Pepsi commercials are so...erotic.Sorry,I rarely drink sodas.Is the missing ingredients of Viagra inside those cans?"
Step 1: Don't go to Vegas. Do you see what I did there? DUCWIDT?
And there's the only reason I don't count the Pens out completely ... Bryzgalov!
Hell of a contrast - Fleming's perfect diction, Chandler sounding like he's about to crawl under the table
Watching a movie with my nephew.
Lord Byron=bada$$ the might of the gentile, unsmote by the sword, hath melted like snow in the face of the lord. Know your role. Peoples
Well, love is confusing at all ages, but especially when you're 17.
I think I can guess who you'd like to light on fire
Happy Friday! We will B open 4 lnch 2morrow at 11:30. Join the Garden Walk .
PLEASE HELP PUT JOSEPH KONY AWAY TO PRISON FOR LIFE FOR HIS CRIMES!!
Wonderful and Brown received award from us at the International Association of Official Human Rights Agencies in Mobile
For some reason I just thought of peanut butter with extra peanut butter #okay haha !:)
Where are the rain dancers?
lol.. You're like the only person that knows lol
Karluk Manor will open in November but ribbon-cutting ceremony held today for controversial housing project that allows homeless to drink
it will never be as bad as the worst case scenario that you can come up with. We're good at evil, but not THAT good
Employment relationships are based on mutual interest. At the end, there's no more mutual interest. Fascinating to see how that plays out.
True. It does spoil some of your fun.
striking against the 8 hour work day of all things!
I need a massage, stat!
I hate nba refs they never show denver love
Was just about to suggest the Grove. Want to meet in front of the Apple store? :)
Example: Old dude in sober is actually the aged black shadowy figure from Prison Sex, who grows old as the thing in schism
I am so ready for choir auditions :)
Taming the burrito with
I'm guessing it's just too mainstream for you, Victoria?
Hunger games seems to be The Lottery+In Time+Mad Max so I've pretty much seen it already.
I couldn't have asked for more
bout to take my dog out.
A beautiful day in Muncie! No better way to celebrate than chilling on the porch
I asked if the water was boiling...she says I don't know and gets ready to poke it=)
FA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA...
to open up the draft. Good start
I'm headed to no tights...I'll just drink more wine to make the chill go away.
Just a couple more minutes until we kick off #WOMMAchat. Calling all WOM-U attendees & social professionals, what topics are on your mind?
It's not to late to accomplish something today...if you've been productive there is still more to do!
My bf is going to kill me when he finds out how much I spent on clothes today....but I NEEDED them! :(((
Drama rules the world
“Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life?” - Matthew 6:27. God's got us, If God is for us who can be against us?
Motivate - Fortune favors the brave.
Boat shoes --- awkward or awesome?
I watched 5 minutes of the movie "semi-pro". I had to shut it off. It hit too close to home.
You know you're a swinger when... You are wearing wristbands in most of your vacation photos.
Buh-bye, finals! See you in 2012, IUPUI students. Stay safe!
There we go... FLYING DEATH MACHINE TIME!!
your are to!
< suppose to be helping me clean up my Room,and he's just making it WORSE LOL......
Standing room only on airplanes...Rest stops closing in one state...and the annual running of the bulls..join us at 5!
LOL, i just bit my cup.
0500 waking up to go swim run pull up sit up and push up test
Thanks! I will definitely do that :)
My wedding shoes are beautiful
How was opening night of Assassins? Thanks for coming to celebrate with us at #RumpusRoom!
But openness makes a conversation, engages; openness wins (over concerns). Vital today to build community, excitement.
Sorry haven't been around much. Still think of my #bbnfam every day.
More than a half-trillion dollars already spent in this endeavor.
I hope every one has a lovely morning and a fantastic day!
Scratch, make that 4
no I love you Lauren
Pirates now in a 3-way tie for 3rd place.
Vampires are always sexy. I was into the original Dracula. Capes, flying, sucking on the neck. Very cool.
School teachers help make America better tomorrow. Unsung heroes. Thank you teachers for your work and dedication. Thank you.
listening to Nine Days and ripping apart four months of work. surprisingly early-2000's and invigorating.
Under certain circumstances, the federal government will cancel all or part of an educational loan. This practice is called Loan Forgiveness
Music Update: "The HookLess Tape" is 55% percent complete.... That is all.
How's that new #Blackberry with the touch screen ??? Mention me!!
Beautiful la day!!!!!
Oh me too! I ❤ bananas & miss them terribly... Even more than a cupcake!! OMG... Did I actually say that? Hahaha!
Enjoying the another day on Earth with a wonderful Fiance, and a nice GRAND TINEL 2007 HERES CHATEAUNEUF DU PAPE....loving life.
haha yup that's him, his wife and son. tweeted a picture with them at the show.
And then some.
Are you a blackberry user??? Add me for BBM: 3213ECBC
I just wonder if "today's" guys will do the same thing 20 years down the line...
OH NO! Thanks for giving them to a friend though! You did give them, right?
Follow and he will kiss you ;)
I'm still hungover... At my brothers stealing his beer
Men, here's a skill you must learn. Amuse me. I want to help, and even if I've said it a few times, amuse me by saying, "okay, will do!".
Happy Monday tweeps! Do we all have dental appointments to get the most out of our insurance? Time is running out!
when you coming to Miami? Lmao
oh that
Manulife Financial Hires 20-Year Veteran of Asia&#39;s Financial Services Sector, Steve Roder, as Chief Financial Officer
Did you know we offer Deep Heat Muscle Therapy? It’s just one of the choices you can add to your weekly massage therapy session.
Will somebody tweet me I'm super bored
hold on hold on I did ?
o lol I got ya
free #socialmedia lesson: don't respond to the haters.
Great news: Today we've launched , , , and We're working it statewide!
There are moments in ones life that are cherished. One of those moments just happened. Life, art, culture, community is a wonderful thing.
RT : I'm in my underwear&knee high black socks Once we've occupied twitter, every1 converge on their local piggly wiggly
Graded blogs for 2 classes & sent come-to-Jesus emails to 3 students before 6 a.m. Waking at four w/ a caffeine headache has its advantages
When I was 12, I taught myself basic architecture drafting so I could create my own hobbit home
Lining up the 70's prog rock on earphones and knocking out work.
Pres. Nixon who died on this day in 1994 appointed Wm. Rehnquist to Supreme Ct. Rehnquist had never been a judge before his appointment.
Happy Birthday Twitter!
lol, I will, I'll be back next sunday for a booking
Trust me the thought crossed my mind... and Troy's. Miss it so much here. FL will always be our home (even tho OH born)
it's awful! Almost every shirt I buy looks so awkward!
sorry I missed talking to you tonight!
Good stuff. Learning how screen readers get information from a page from
Are you ok? Do you need help?
my fave pharmacist ♥
That awkward moment when you see somebody and you try not to look at them but they are looking at you
Thanks Emma! Yes, I'm on DisBoards too! Addicted to the food pictures on there:) Have a magical day!!
gay for pussy is better than not gay at all.
What's worse: a hoarder house, a garbage house, or a heroine house?
i honked at you :p
I'm glad one of us finds that funny lol
we posted the same thing. LOL
u asked lol
I Ball Hard All Year Nigga!
Be inspired by the rain. Write a song. Work me into it.
Doesn't make you a dork, makes you good at what you do!
lol marking out
No problem! And, FedEx didn't come yet so I still get my package today! :D
heey! How are you!? :D
Smooth Jazz at it's Best! Great Album! God's Speed with your Music..
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!11
Great July 4th weekend with friends and family.
Wen are u on fire? RT Boozer: "I just missed shots. Some nights are like that. Some nights you’re on fire. Some nights you’re not."
# 5 Megan Fox
Corel User to User Web Board • View topic - Win DVD 11 Pro Freezes
sounds like the streets of Allston!
you don't only live once? I use to be a frog..... 🐸
My friend was telling me about his one time sleep paralysis. Shit is scary!
Its about to be a light skinned throw down between caramel n the living glow worm
Done! This is about to get really interesting. Cheers ;-)
Go I'm having a gr8t time at your luncheon. Hope I win some silent auction items. I went wild!!
what's your favorite fruit? any that you can't eat? #askjae ....I'm not too late am I ?
#bones does not like us
Oh, brilliant!
just standing around waiting to see what im gonna be doing today @ wrk. thank god i get paid by the hour. today should be fun though.
against the Twins. I may able to no hit them
I need ta let this nigga go cuz he gon make me beat his ass
Hey you're looking pretty cute tonight👌
a great spot is Wednesday nights &Spirits w/ Lovely...
did u see the pics I posted on FB from my trip
Sign up for a membership and get 15% off any bottle of lotion plus a FREE pair of goggles and 2 FREE upgrades!!
what do you play for in the band?
I need a good laugh #Dr Phil and #TO wonder if its on you tube
I remember that I was playing. I think I've messed with you like that before. Lol sorry if you thought I was serious.
does anyone think there should be a satc 3???
OK srsly teenage girls, if some old dude wants to be your boyfriend or modeling agent, do not be surprised when he turns out to be a pimp!
loving the new album already! I've been jamming all morning! Two Black Cadillacs & Blown Away steal the show!!
#MyThoughtsAtSchool "I wonder if , , or is tweeting while I'm stuck in this hell whole?
not happening anymore but kept getting but back to lvl65 4th after a couple days of playing even though I lvled up???
“ I go big! Much love :) #SKCnation #raaaaa” is that a fat joke?;-)
Your twitter profile picture is so 2003. Oh wait, shit, so is mine.
--- what about Facebook. RT!
yeah one I these days I am just going to put it into the cart myself!
Ya know got to be relaxed sometimes :D
Linh Dinh *hates* the internet. Just like Prince!
obv this is a Romeo selection.
F%#K U BETTA
Good! It will work out, I'm sure:)
Why? April 4, 1968 is a date to live by...
often times you can be a year away from graduation and still qualify for those (part 2)
No prob... “ thank you love!”
yes, exactly the reaction I wanted ! “: wow...”
could I buy some pot from you?
And lotion. Do not put my expense Dermalogic on your ashy feet!
Do you fly for The Hoppers out of UGN?
Found a snickers on the floor of my car. Wrapper fully intact.
Yes. First world problem.
Im in calf
Wednesdays at Salute. Live Jazz and $8 martinis. $8 East Superior. mention the tweet to get 10% off
im so happy i got the #neversaynever3d ! :)
i'd like to volunteer to help on the next van halen video, why the heck are so many shots out of synch with the vocals?
Congrats from your friends
imma come watch a game or 2 i promise
break a reed, cack a note... Wish I could be there. Got worky assignments. Oy.
#FF to EVERYONE. Why? Cuz you're all GOLD.
Bold prediction for 2012: an investigation will be conducted, and then the results will be swept under the rug.
#delangeconf8: How does the scholarly communication system support or inhibit global collaboration? What role might open access play?
As artful a caption as in Season of Mists or The Wake. The 200 words I added to my Sweeper and lost are unworthy.
awesome! Docent come on here until 2:30 damn!
Go Blue!!!
follow -> she follows bck :P
At the next SF #Giants throwback game, Brian "The Beard" Wilson should come out in a bullpen car.
I swear i can open my mind to lots of things but not those big stupid glasses. I want to spaz on the floor yelling www
...then don't transform into a hairy, fanged beast of legend and date my daughter and everything will be fine, right?!
Also interesting to note the way you resort to machismo. Fail.
going to sleep! goodnight everyone! x
Sure did. Designed the mobile app. You know Kevin?
3 hours till REVO San Diego!
I think they always suspected it...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMA, WE <3 YOU What did Austin Do for You ? (:
WARNING: RICKI ESCAPED AND IS HEADED WEST ON 290...on foot. SHE IS CONSIDERED ARMED AND EXTREMELY HUNGRY.
uses me as a regular resource in the science behind an application of play
RT : Never let an #Aries read your mind. Once you're predictable, you're history.
"Roe v. Wade was Jim Crowe right?" - Aswin John
I'll make time for you! You know this!
Join us tonight at Tomcats West for a night of epic auditory enjoyment! Your ears will ring with wonderment! At the least you'll have fun!
"Sports Fact: when the Chicago Cubs start 1-0 or 0-1 they have gone on to not win a World Series for the past 103 years."
ooh! Could you send me the info?!
Got me a number lol
Love is the self-delusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex
Ight I need a Clippers W
how u kno
Happy test driving! I love mid-sized SUVs.
So Heat fans are gonna defuse their salt by talking about The Lakers hahahahahaha
#kids Charlotte's Web at Artisan Center Theater, Sat, May 19 10:00a: All the enchanting characters are here in this beautiful, knowing...
Progress is a process don't limit yourself. Your achievements have no boundaries.
"When it's all said and done...I'll be the one on top."
Exactly! RT : Never mistake opinion for fact.
what have you been up to?
hopefully soon
"Midnight In Paris" US ticket sales now at $50.7 million.
Done! RT : Follow for good info on energy management from
no problem! please check out our music video www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
Glad to follow you
Happy Tuesday to all our followers! Yes or No...Are you wishing for a #jewelry gift this year?#Phoenix #Paradise Valley Mall
That. was. fucking. nuts.
It has been a very long day. I'm just ready to get home, shower, and pass out.
👋you couldn't handle me anyway! ✌
Oof, after a long weekend in a retirement community I'm not ready for trivia to last an hour and a half beyond the scheduled end.
Lokking forward to the Jets season. RT Writing Mets preview for Grantland. What are some synonyms for despair?
How can all the classes be almost full 😭 fml having a bad day
GOTPL8S Thanks for the follow!
check out The Language of School Design-Design Patterns 4 21st Century schls- We r designing STEM build+center4counity
Stunting like my daddy.
#TYE Great questions and thanks for judging! I'm glad I didn't have to answer them!
What do you think about the latest trend in personalized jewelry of name necklaces? Would love your feedback!
im shaking from just how upset i am. but ill probably be able to write another song. (: one of those down side to up side things i guess.
some damn fun...all work and no play
great paneling with you today
Great day to compose new songs,follow me i follow you,as soon my limit goes down,Need Likes and Friends on Fb.Paul Borges music.God bless.
Come on Badger fans! Oregon Helmets is trending! What is that about? Rose Bowl! Rose Bowl! Go Badgers! Go Bucky! Go Red! Let's party!
Happy Valentines Day guise<333
Me and you are going to have serious words tomorrow boy! <3
New karaoke contest with an escalating jackpot being announced soon !
