#artsummit Lockie, storytelling right at the center of life.
my eyebrows are still red from when i got them done 5 hours ago... is that bad uhh
There are two post-movie scenes in the credits. Stay for both!
Making the biggest decision of my life
Naw if they lose the series then its gonna be a real bad!
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
MY MINDS TELLIN ME NO, BUT MY BODAY, MY BODAYS TELLIN ME YES
Glad you like RC Trackpad. If you have any issues please contact us at
What is Casper's favorite sticky treat?
I'm watching!
biology tutoring in 20 minutes...*sighs*
“: lol what? is jordan in trouble?!” uhmm well we aren't together any more, but that's not about him lol
God blessed us with Fall weather today! Thank you!
Get 'em Rick
I don't!
The crack one. :)
going to indy this weekend for a wedding, first & only wedding of the year! what a change from last year.
There's plenty more fish in the ceiling
Posted by a friend: " is the spittin' image of the creepy Chucky doll from the Chucky horror movies."
this is excellent, but... the video is deeply disturbing ...
I hate being hot when I sleep.
thank you!
It took me 1 minute to get over you being home.
No swim last night due to wet basement, hail, flooded neighborhood. Need a re-do!
LOL okay but take comfort knowing #USC peeps no longer have to wait for their Metro station.
please follow me and shout out!!! i like your movies very much
I got to Oklahoma after the heavy storms.
Stevi can i get a RT for having the same b day as you
Did you see it?
Tampa news: Ben Hill is named CBS Radio SVP/Market Manager, while Jayde Donovan takes mornings at Cox Top 40 WPOI (Hot 101.5).
what are those brown ball thingys?? eggs?
Mouthin off again. i knew it.
Looks like we had the exact same college experience at UNT. Ever live in the music dorm to end all music dorms, Bruce Hall?
how are you Miss Sassafrass?
Really CVS? Do you have enough fiber one bars? I want a snack not flatulence at the library
Wow. That is very very cool, sir!
Phone lines are open. Call in now and be the first on the air tonight! 317-736-0950
hello from SoCal. Thanks for following.
just a test tweet
Damn cant believe u lost today. I was expecting u to go 162-0! I guess u cant win them all. Tough loss today & great start this season
Take your chances path your way and believe in your actions opens the door to a new life
yay!!! I can't sleep well tonight!
vlogging is a totally different medium for expression. The written word can have interpretation by the reader video doesn't
something tells me there is a pile of basted up mic ultra bottles in yair gairage
Been listening to .'s starred songs on Spotify today. And passing hardcore judgement.
I don't even really care bout 🏀 but I kno I don't like the
okay! I will right now.
that is an interesting combo! I know you are influential about Austin and social media, was there a catagory for cartoons?
Any particular reason you split them up instead of doing all 3 at once?
such a quality presentation for business owners in our region. West liberty entrepreneur center small and family business progrm
Oops sorry I forgot that rule.
Hieber’s has a special PACIFIER to help you give MEDICATION to your INFANT. They will never even taste it! Call 412-681-6400
"The brain takes the shape of whatever the mind rests upon." Rick Hanson on the importance of observing our thoughts.
Christmas movies :D
when a sex seen come on when your watching tv with your mom <<<<<<<<<<
Glad to hear you had a wonderful night! How are you keeping yourself occupied on this rainy day?
I Wish My Dad Would Get Surgery On His Heart So He'll Get Better /:
Being happy doesn't mean everything is perfect. It mean you've decided to see beyond the imperfections.
*is starting over...*
try to keep me away :) see you later!! RT : will you be at welcome reception tonight?
Hans Zimmer's 'Inception' film score is a film score within a film score.
Idk just some normal human stuff like, tv, chores, ect.
tweetdeck pretty much replaced the twitter website for me.(:
I'm def not as hottie as Neko! But i've got a great personality Kort!
sitting in the menards parking lot doing homework as they continuously play the same gay jingle. no menards I wont 'save big money'..
Heading home, this craziness has gotten the best of me. I think I'm gonna sleep for 36 hours... See y'all later!
Picked up my Husky Card (student ID) today, a bit of a deja vu feeling.
About the time we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends. -Herbert Hoover
screw Piers. What is wrong with that guy? glad he's being replaced!
its the same as sayin whats up boo.. umm tryin to finish my plate..
ya'll went in!!!
I don't have any weed, but I have alcohol
you got it, you tricky dog!
did you cry? I would have cried!
great adventure today with :)
Hungry in the San Fernando valley. No food trucks in sight, but there are free HIV testing vans everywhere.
OMG, how many non-designers does it take to kern a D? Kind of ruins the home run if you ask me.
have you been to Arlington VA?????
/// Shaq is rapping "Kobe, tell me how my ass taste?" again in his mind right now.......
spoilt by the boyf again..I'm lucky :)
Has that damn satellite fell yet?
Can't wait till I order my Nike ID #49ERS later this month....
Oh how badly I want to go out tonight. The last two weekends were amazing!! I wanna dance and shake my booty again! Lol 😏
if deng goes he won't be ready for the bulls season. He needs surgery now. Forget going to the Olympics
Well thanks anyways haha
Jim Hilt: Being successful isn't about knowing it all. It's about getting started.
Word of the day: Gumption
What shall I do about the little spider busily making a web in my office window? Could keep down the flying insects...
Anonymity is the truest expression of altruism.
Listening to Spotify station and a children's story of Jack and the Beanstalk came on. What the heck?!
Congrats You get a big #Way2Go for today's accomplishment!!
On this day in 1775, Prince Hall became a Freemason. Happy Founders Day to all Prince Hall Affiliated Masons and Eastern Stars.
oh dang!!!! Someone sent me that said that someone was saying bad things about me. I hope my computer doesn't get hacked.
Some people to needs to mine there fucking business if they don't know what the fuck is going on
"this is a pie chart describing my favorite bars. this is a bar graph describing my favorite pies" - marshall eriksen best quote ever
LOVE it!!!
Back to hudson..
Hmm what shall I do today???!
Lmao making trades like y'all the NBA lol
is definitely one of my favorite shows.
aint no such things as halfway crooks
An Ant-Man movie might be coming in a couple of years, my nigga that's dope. He has a cool story.
no im a mahomie xD its a fan of the guy in my icon haha but im NOT him just a fan of him :)
anybody else think korver has a little teen wolf going on??
Will Middlebrooks ! #RedSox Is this kid for real?
It's getting to the point that I might wear a paper bag over my head when I'm watching the Sox in my own living room.
I know they would make so much money off of me lol
you are from Dallas?
I absently asked google "what should I get delivered to Dave's office?" and it wasn't able to give me a response. Stumped ya google
aw thank you so much :) can you follow me on instagram and twitter possibly ?
OK, I'm calling it - 2012 is the year of the banjo
RT Small Ideas can grow into major ideas. Lets make #ThinkStyleWorld.com a trending topic on
As stated by the instructor, there are really 159 days to Christmas.
eww, i know he gleeked all over me!
Had dinner with a friend I hadn't seen in a while...alot of fun!
haha I do yours
eek, I forgot to respond to this tweet! yes, it's pretty exciting where you are right now! I look forward to following along
Twitter keeps saying I already tweeted something that I didn't tweet at all.
I find tattoo artist to be hella sexy!!
this really gives me something to look forward to. So awesome.
Hyvee lies!! Theres not a helpful smile in every isle. I checked!!!
She aint more cut then me though
lol sass tonight?!?!?! And I still have to do some kind of stuff
Woot! MT : Vegas baby! Giveaway fun at #CES. Stay tuned to win, we’ll announce our 1st #secretpassword tomorrow.
nice job dude. 20 lbs. is no small feat.
This tweet can stand alone without referencing the first one! (Might come in handy in quite a few contexts.)
I also like the Philadelphia Story because the end MIGHT be the best record of how Katherine played Rosalind on Broadway.
I saw Roy today he looks so good ;))
Yay for difficult roommates!
Thanks for the rec to !
17 Minutes into class. I want to leave.
shit, i knew i was doin it wrong. we'll put him up for 80 and some boxed wine!
Yes, you are helping me brainstorm for a new project. How'd you guess?
get up
and the guy who said it would all be on the books is really the one doing "everything" off budget.
The most played song on my ipod; #calloutthedead 306 times
uhh, right? I think that gives me the excuse to go get a bottle of wine on my way home from work! See you guys on Friday!!
Sara - I just picked up a 22 oz. Stingy Jack Pumpkin at Market District Settler's Ridge. They had others by Lavery, too.
#ShituSeeOnTheGbus girls changing there babies shitty pampers
A Sveum groundout leads to 2 runs in the 6th. Brock scores and Deer then scores on an error by the pitcher. 7-5 Brewers!
Because you are synching your lips with the audio being played through the speakers?
Rockin the mic in Boston 3p to 7p- paying your bills and sending you and 9 friends to see Daughtry
if you were a grape you could grape people in the mouths
well I mean I got everything ready for tomorrow night except freaking earings lmao
About to hit the stage at Kung Fu Necktie!
I don't know nothin' 'bout birthing shadow babies.
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific. ~ Jane Wagner
You inspired me, I listened to the same! Also, I just learned 2 weeks ago that it's Streisand, not Streisland. Go fobbiness! :P
Happy earth day! :-) let us not forget to give back to mother earth.
adele" let fire 2 d rain"
#PeopleNeedToStop wearing sandals, when their feet ashy your sandals turn white
Spent my lunch hour in a still active Border's. Probably one of the most frustrating and sad things I've done in a long while.
correction WEAR pants not Shorts if you don't want ladies on you!
Take a break from watching the EPL. You deserve it.
First bar on cover your bases bar crawl first playing of Call Me, Maybe.
Yo bitch unattractive
that place good? I work right across from it
Q. Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? A. He didn't have the guts too
I will say this if I ever had the Korean Zombie on my team during a ZA, our chances of survival are pretty good
I saw a rough of what Lorenzo did to the footage... Looks dope!
Hermeto Pascual at Napa Valley Opera House and ADRIAN AREAS LATIN JAZZ ENSEMBLE @ CASA SANCHEZ SF + SJJAZZ Friday series TONIGHT
Awesome experience here at #DriscollsMoments amazing tastings...having a blast!
fuck. all stars at the palladuim? i can see the riots already like sbsowhat last year
As pointed out by , Jerry Reese doesn't just ignore #Giants' needs. RB was greater need than WR, even with Hill there.
I'm about to turn off the TV turn up my tunes and clean my room I have clothes everywhere!!!
ta ai?
With the first pick of the 2013 NFL Draft, the Miami Dolphins select ........
I guess the end for me was near 2001 or 2002, when I discovered Wilco just as a spate of anti-woman hits swept alt-rock.
Who's enjoying all that heat and humidity? Hydrate, please.
It was great to hear your perspective at the Times Talk! Thanks for all your hard work. Your pieces are some of my favorites!
yea, i puked at the Benedum... thats a classy establishment.
Cool. Wanna meet up somewhere before we head out? Which ghost town did we decide on?
“: Who are you to tell me to stop smoking?”
The land of. Get ready. RT : BEER
You're def bringing BACK great times and memories!!!! ;-)
And boy, are you tall!
get better we love You(:
Thanks for my copy of w/ great & grabby headlines! Taking heart that "there is always room for print"
A child develops individuality long before he develops taste. I have seen my kid straggle into the kitchen in the morning with o
Stop texting in church! Lol
it feels like Friday
"A sound heart is the life of the flesh: but envy the rottenness of the bones." Proverbs 14:30
Learn more about Karen and why she feels that sleeping is a waste of time below
You'd better embrace change or you're going to be left behind, and that applies to almost everything.
Haha! I'm surprised you like it so much, but glad. This experience taught me that I'm not likely to write romance. :)
Key Committee will be playing the TN State Fair on Sept. 15th! Come on out and get yerself a corndog!!
The underatted strategy to make your affiliate marketing effort go boom /?p=503
Class of 2012 it's not to late to take your Senior Portraits. Contact us at to book your session today!!!
DM what i said i forgot lol
FannieMae CEO resigns
Hello everyone!
Really missing my baby girl.
It's famous ppl day @ Oaks Gourmet. I just accidentally cut in front of Colin Hanks in the bathroom line.
I Always Fall For It When Says "They Looking For You"
Thanks for the mention! Yes, is a really good-looking #django site. It's cool how it's several blogs & looks like 1.
Library fact of the day: there are more public libraries than McDonald's in the U.S. - over 16,540 branches!
Kendra, I like your logic! Done!
So...how was the hockey...?
. Thank you for cosponsoring HR 1172, the Medicare #LungCancer Early Detection Promotion Act. Finding it early is key!
That's good, you'll get your energy up when it's quittin time :) RT : doing good, kind of tired this morning but TGIF
Laying on fingernail polish is not good...
Dont really look back at my ex's. Some things just look better in the trash.
Sounds like a plan. at 12:30!
hahahaha omgg im obsessed i want to marry chuck bass asap
"If i die, I still wanna be me."
That was awesome of Cal to call in. Celebration today should be wild. Thanks
I don't believe it! what's happened about the 4C? or is this a temporary aberration?
Well, that print job was a massive disaster. Covered in ink and failure. But we're learning something new. And so it goes.
Good morning, Missouri!
let's make a toast to , its on us!
you got it!
ryno natural born leader. knows what it means 2 be a cub. deserves chance. cubs r dropping the ball BARTMAN STYLE!
See y'all in the A.M ya hurd
Haha! I like your idea of a beach read.
thanks! And I agree, , , is a near perfect line of succession
Game Day for #SportingKC and we will be there to cheer them to victory.
rofl...I can to.
gibbons and the sluts ARE about to take the stage at for the screenprint social
If all you are going to do is complain you can leave my office right now
Due to excessive heat, lunch today at Business Costco 222 MLK 89106 will be from 11am - 1pm!! See you there!!
I'm so ready to grind like crazy this summer, i want to reach my full potential n make my fam proud of me n giv them the things they deserve
Reduce Inventory, Triple Your Profits! With the AnaJet digital garment printer Learn how
If you don't know me you think I'm quite if you really know me you think I'm loud
aw dats cooll mine is purple lol and i love playing basket ball u?
yea thats a long time for the E channel lol!
Good, wise reasoning. I WONT TELL A SOUL
Could Washington get any more corrupt and screwed up? Repubs? Dems? It doesn't seem to matter - crony capitalism. Bah!
Is there a plugin that would block VB bags from reality? : Is there a plug-in that would block Vera Bradley bags from shopping sites?
everything is everything! Getting spring/summer tee line up ready!
Nerdily excited about using HTML5 and CSS3 and my job.
okay! will also help us ;) x talk to you tonight
Go VOTE!
Came up again today: #JMS May grads, don't go into a job interview without knowing your the salary you need to make ends meet.
#ThingsBlackFolksGetArrestedFor not giving uncle sam his cut .... S/o Wesley snipes
Damn where my boyfriend at why he don't call nobody to let us know he got in safe ..
Damn Moscow? Have a safe long ass flight homie. GOD bless
What a great website, Now if I could only convince the MRS that I really need a set of Mono Block Amps for my vinyl cave.
are you looking for massage therapist at Kent location?
follow me! and tweet to me! please :-) 143
Haha! Most certainly!
Brian Schneider is my new favorite Phillie. He sent Kevin a bunch of stuff and a personal note. Class act.
Watch Ancient Aliens it's the best show.
the new album is fucking BRUTAL!!!!!
haha you got it
Love was just a word before u gave it meaning.
Thoughts: 3- Tried the steak sandwich thanks to , and I wasn't disappointed. A great buy. Maybe next will be the parfait..
well that's okay, Aubrie, I appreciate your follow anyhow...best of success to you & your writing!
niece's t-ball game <3
I hate it when your sick....... :( Hate i just hate it when im sick
I've gotta do that today too. Need a self-cleaning one.
if you have to choose between me and her, pick her. because if you really loved me? there wouldn't be a choice.
lol I hate it tho, there so up tight about everything.
Wishes he was that lucky.
Oomnffgg i can't explaiinn how excited i am for tonight!!!!!!!!!!!! Lmfao, i already feel the tears coming
And Just like that, I'm sad again.
*That dont take care of their hygiene
#confession I love a boy who can make me laugh.
Bad couple of weeks with Levon and MCA passing. Truly some gifted souls
one of my clients out here in san diego. U want his contact info fam?? whatever I can do to help!!! #pakmanis4thepeople~
“: my hometown.” come visit me soon!
Great seeing you play for the past 16 seasons. Someone who played the game the correct way!
don't you hate it when people interrupt you mid-sentence? and when you do get to finish, they get the point WRONG!
please get on more often, if you have time! We love you so much that you have no clue(: please follow me... We LOVE JASON
Just found out I'm having 'date night' with my daughter tonight! How cool!
I want you to have a good life...fortune has smiled on you...you are living in a social system that is failing...
Can I go with you? Pretty please:)
DRose missed 2 FTs and 2 last-second shots, all of which could've won the game. If it was , the media would be KILLING him.
Oh my god, that is ridiculous looking! On the other hand, probably lighter than my current set-up.
I know I'm a bitch, you don't gotta tell me..
Salty. RT Congrats to City for consistency over the course of the EPL. But get back to me when you're closer to 19.
Tentative opening for Boca is June 12th!!!! Hopefully all goes well & we'll see you all then!
Haha not sure how that relates but okay!
Hun, that ain't no ingrown hurr, that herpes. Go get you some Valtrex okurrr!
M! McDonald's breakfast!
Places with enough plugs. Still too much to ask for in 2012?
#quitmyjob I can dip dip dippity dip dip all I want!
REALLY?! Count Fagula has not one but TWO fans blowing on him!!!
Jon Ippolito: making copies essential - few copies of material in Library of Alexandria when it burned down, much was lost
Found a last minute summer subleaser a couple days ago through my roommate, and then today the girl had to back out.
Where is YOUR response to Paul Bigot on "troubling enough" charges filed against Zimmerman...come on why silence?
Many experts recommend the use of an insect growth regulator when it comes to fleas-see you Vet for more info.
idk but i luv what u do
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you get mad at little things they do Wrong
im pretty good at this stuff huh? (;
The #WorkplacePayoff. Locally harvested Ca$h for you. Just listen for your cue to call every hour 9a-5p today.
Grading AP US history homework
Seems like so many people are checking out Klout right now...
That's why I usually leave before I'm left.
LEIGHTON SEEMS LIKE THE CUTEST GUY EVER OMG
Dear , if you don't come out tomorrow... You will be as lame as kurtis and trey were missing Saturday....
that's happened to me a couple times. I'm look no don't wish motherhood on me.
watching the and interview on my phone with headhones on cracking up w/my sis looking at me like im insane
#tamw you are obsessed with certain smells
SO KILLER- did the challenge a few years ago
most of my drawings are messes, so I have an insight to when my friends have occasional ones.
New study.. Teenage distracted drivers: Teens drivers at a 44% higher risk of auto accidents when another teen is in the car with them
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack
"The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders."
Amen, sir!
Hm don't recall this
talking Heat v Knicks. Teaching a lesson to all these grievers. Sprinkled in with some #Marlins talk. Fish with 6 game streak.
“: Akiyama looks like the orange I had with breakfast. Awkward.”. #UFC144 spray tan!!!!
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
crushing on Digication.com
#truth #preach ": . 's #boyfriend < NSYNC's #Girlfriend. It had to be said. Know your pop history."
The Swing Salsa Tango Party Is Back! 1st Friday of Every Month - 9pm-1am @ The Hemingway Gallery - 103 West 19th Kansas City Missouri
riding bike half-way to the airport for a house party was not a wise choice
Meeting Jonathan Prince tonight!
Jesus Manuel y su Orchestra tonight at Downtown 28 in Ft. Lauderdale.
I think I've hit my saturation point
let's go FLYNN
awkward..but thanks i think! oh and i saw your convo with El and thank you for callin me amazing hehe <33
20 miles from Cleveland...can u leave 2 tix at will call for my hot wife and I for the induction ceremony?
I would say so!
Texans at noon! No more needs to be said.
going through the various stages of grieving re: performance, conditions, etc. Think I've settled on PISSED OFF. Rough day. Ugh.
What should I cook tonight????
Hi I saw on that we're both checked-in @ SMW - AOL Ventures so I thought I'd say hello!
no invite? maybe next year
thanks for listening :-)
Birthplace of the blues
oh! Lol, How much were they?
#PrayForClaire Please, she's really sick.. :/
Fuck These Posts ! Until She Stop Doing Shit That Make Me Mad Then We Aint Talking AT ALL !
I think I once mixed Fruity Pebbles & beer in college once. As in, no milk, use beer. BAHAHA. :p
aye bruh did u ever get that beat that I sent to yur email?
Maybe I'm taking the First Amendment a little too seriously...
always turn up my mind every day with a song or just see a smile in a picture!!!!
Liverpool wins. Terps win. Can the Caps and Wiz make it a clean sweep?
Do you know which day?
good so stop spreading your propaganda and lies. Tell the truth. Be balanced and honest. Then I won't have to repeat the message!
RT : Learn to send updates via text from your phone to yr social accts in case voice communications are N/A >instructions? link?
This ya boy...I BEEN GONE BUT ITS FOR THE GOOD....!!!!
she's not the boss of me, I run me. I wanted to go to PCB
I don't have a criminal record for you to expunge, but law has always fascinated me. Thanks for the follow.
Anybody watch the SDUSD Board meeting 5/27? Are they confused and messed up? I say - yup! NEED A PLAN!
Rangers to host Game 6 viewing party at the Ziegfeld Theater. Adam Graves, Jay Wells and Glenn Anderson to be in attendance.
If you can't bite, don't show your teeth. -Yiddish Proverb
I'd guess our ETA to 15th and High to be at about 8:50am (8 min pace, mile 6 is exactly at Lane/High
Biked to "Bridge Club" tonight for day 25 of #30daysofbiking. [Note: we don't play bridge.] One less trip by car.
Took a long bike ride with Javi, oh, poor Javi. I almost had to take the truck back to pick him up, tee hee:)
thx for the mention
Joey Crawford is reffing this game. That explains a lot. HOW DOES HE STILL HAVE A JOB?!
AT&T launched an "enhanced" app iPad app for U-verse with extra content, remote control functionality, advanced search, recommendations and…
My ex won't even pick up to talk about the pick with me. Come on Cindy.
that's no surprise. who ever reads that type of thing more than once?
Just because you haven't reached ur ultimate goal in life don't get discourage bcuz when u activate your faith all is possible
I don't totally mind, since I love him anyway, but his career has taken some odd turns since Schindler's List.
We're doing a story on Groupon for tmrw's newscast on ABC5, and would like to intv you, you can email me
Relief washed over her like a jug of Gaterade over a winning coach.
#FF is proud to serve your 160K members - "the faces and voices that entertain and inform America and the world."
This season opener of the game is a little phony.
: Good morning world! Wishing everyone the best on their today's endeavors”
What increases circulation 225% for the month of September? School librarian supported reader's worshop!
...Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
out on a thursday....thats sad.
My partner designs most of our line. Stephanie Dyer designed the Topo Collection. She is a Portland designer.
Good morning!
Thanks Steve! xox
Will the Giants be Greenbay's first game next season as the 2012 season opener?
Thanks for the promotion
Listening to Pepe Romero play Concierto de Aranjuez over the loudspeaker backstage here Audience just went nuts.
There is some stuff out here I just shouldn't Google...
Brittany! Your card was way too touching..LOVE YOU!
Waxing or Threading?
oh gotcha. Well I work 5. An I just woke up hahha fail. But I will be over Friday!
I'm still in my pjs. -_-
First cup of coffee. AH!
Camron and Ross on Nicki album. Both had nice verses.
Anyone Wanna Call ? (: I'm Bored A'f..
Getting ready to enjoy a few cold beers...
Just give the game up lol
In January...
“: Hate travel days customs is the worst!!!  I feel like I'm in Line for the top roller coaster...” haha
no we've been doing them for years, maybe y'all took them from us. I used the y'all in there for you Texas folk. :)
The #BFDailyWord is - multitudinous (adjective) (mul-tuh-TOO-duh-nus) - existing in or consisting of innumerable elements or aspects
Thanks for the #FF Can't wait to see Art Along the Hyphen!
lol. I take it you like rum.
Gonna go clean my room now k bye
Hey Alyssa - Want to invite you to Daughtry performance at MLB Fan Cave. Let me know if you're interested.
Party with DJ Miguel tonight and enjoy drink specials
haha. Giving him shit now about it.
I can't even imagine what project can be planned on chatroulette. More like performance art. That parkour thing has really got you.
for #SuperBowl commercial photography
This paper-writing intermission is brought to you by water & soap. We will return to the next chapter after the break.
… Is the same that great editors like #Aldus #Knopf #Gallimard #Einaudi #Barral did. That literature be a business.
Can you teach me about tommorrow And all the pain and sorrow Running free? -Hootie & The Blowfish, Time
Wow, just witnessed my first perfect game by Ryan #Humber sitting at the airport w , what an ending! That was close!
The weather is absolutely perfect! What are your plans for this lovely Thursday evening?
See the guy in the Atrium - he has a big stack of papers with the secret codes
Challenge accepted! (Pie) Happy Hour at the Blue Bonnet it is!
What date are you on? I'll give you their name
RT : Mrs. Carter praises board member/Georgia Health News founder Andy Miller 4 stories changing mental health in GA
Organizations have personalities as people do. #amigosplots (what do your orgs conversations convey? What is your orgs personality?)
im so happy Kentucky won playing Louisville <3
Life size cardboard cut-outs of celebrities: Awesome or creepy?
Happy #FF to and !
ok it is :) I will dm u the password & email :)
Hey twitter hows is everyone doing on this LOVELY day?
Happiest guys after 2012 #NFLdraft: players occupying roster spots 48-53 for Saints & Raiders. No one drafted by them is taking your job.
I hadn't...yet. Any fit differences between the 11s and 12s?
how bout that Tebow? Made history today!!!
Im never on this account i forgot about it! :/ and hes texted me twice now! Im dying. D:
I miss summer. Working full time kind of ruins it. But it is pretty awesome to take a vacation whenever! Best deals in October
I'm really sensitive. My feelings get hurt easy, but I don't show that shit.
Reading a letter from Donizetti to his publishers complaining about the piracy of his sheet music. Plus ça change, …
Just finishing up a productive day at the office!
yes sir, podcast will be ready 4u. Hope all's well!
Ha! I got you on the latter.. Let me know when you're around Marlins Park.. If you need tix, I can point you in rt direction: DM.
I'm sleeping. In class
you're welcome......remember peeing yourself just isn't as fun when you sober
thanks for the #followfriday mention!
hahaha yeah that's how i feel knowing taylor swift sells more songs than me.
Today at lunch I had mini toasties and mini chocolate ^.^
Swagger Like Us.
I did my video with and Die Go since we're all going to EECH.
yay!!! we have got to work together! :)
Morning! Hope you have a great day
Watermelon Festival today! See you in #CaryTown, #Richmond!
Matsi just learned how to howl watching A Man Among Wolves on #NatGeoWild :)
I agree. Moreover, they seem to be the only one of the three that hasnt BSed about their products
Not the worst piece of shit I've ever seen.
Hooray! Great news! I love the show.
good job bosses
but when are we releasing "Shame". That film SO deserves wider audience
What are you planning to do for Saint Patrick's Day?
lol really? its only 9:36 here! i hate those strict rules where you cant eat after 12 :p i dont have that.
you've got to get over here to Baltimore sometime
#NextHipHopHologram - Public Enemy and Anthrax
Congrats to #wcapitals for knocking out the #bruins. Best of luck in the
Just ordered my Hanwei Radaelli Italian Dueling Sabre for my historical fencing classes with -- So excited!! :)
- merry christmas to you and Ryan! Love you guys.
I successfully made pasta with shrimp garlic and vegetables and I only burned the bottom of the pan a little! Go me!
Welcome back! Your tweet made me smile: I played the piano for a performance of "Sweet Home Chicago" this week. :):)
Hey, thanks for following Beef's Cream. Hope u had a trip and Thanksgiving! I accidentally unfollowed u, now followed back. :)
“: Can someone #espn please tell me what Bryant Gumbel is writing #I need this information.” he is writing "I am grumpy"
Favorite band The Hypstrz will be on at 11 AM & I have a sales meeting. <shakes fist at sky> Hope it's archived. Need CC Rider.
I've added to the edtech list thanks!
Time to party!! NSU on our way!!!
That white girl with the tanning problem proves that white people came from black
I wish he would man up and quit letting the chumps in the front office give us garbage talent!
My damn back hurting
best throw in super bowl history. Period.
That feeling when you see a guy and just want to grab them and start making out with them like in the movies...
she looked like she just hoped righh outta bed & shtt
oh my freaking gosh. already?
but Michigan St lost 2 times this week. And I can't believe duke didn't move up a spot for getting housed by Carolina.
u didnt even wish me a happy bday
my room smells good
A lot of unspoken rules in our culture really don't make sense. Why follow them if you don't understand them?
Deportation can occur as a result of an immigrant being convicted of a criminal act; in lieu of incarceration
52 jurisdictions enforce antitrust laws in the U.S. That is each state plus FTC and DOJ. That makes for a lot of unpredictability
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
RT if your gonna go to the born this way ball
lol. yes, it's hard being one of two SF, PR, Digital junkies that follow CTIA and are rabid 49ers fans. NO ONE KNOWS OUR PAIN
I still struggle to make grade school lessons an afterthought, especially the beginning, middle and end part!
RT , , -Thanks for the suggestions on places to go in Milwaukee, we had an awesome time! via
I have no idea how to react to that. I think I'll just take a walk around the building.
Thank you so much Med! The same to you! :D
That depressing moment when you wake up in the best part of a dream
When people tell me about the ones I try to forget about<<<<<
HOLY FLURKING SCHNIT!!!! Why is He not singing the Anthem EVERY HOME GAME????
Whoo pig sooie! Go HOGS! They are calling the Hogs at the Cotton Bowl.
Fake people These days.
Me too- late November. haha
Next week, you may hear a new voice on the phone. Jeremy, our new Customer Sales Support Specialist, starts on Monday.
Not unimpressed w/ first stay @ #hyattplace, value chic. Good for quick biz trip!
dang i got alot of respect for that guy now
haha like Diego more but I wish this were true.
Classrooms around the world can meet with each other inexpensively using Visimeet, just download and go. You never know where you'll end up!
U BASTARD IMMA KICK UR ASS STAB U AND I WON'T BE DONE TOYING BITCH ASS NIGGA FAT ASS MAN BOON MANGINA BIITTCHHH!! OK
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
This reminds me of litho, toxic chemicals & being forced to breath in the vapors. 8 hrs to go. # OSHA
U have very sexy legs & feet lovely mami
Jumping in late, but I like Tangled and love Princess & the Frog—modern classic up there w/ Little Mermaid!
Seeking God for that woman's heart is a honor, when you truly understand how valuable a woman is that Love God. She's worth the journey.
The bio made me >
When one opportunity does not work out for you, prepare yourself for the next because when you are prepared eventually it will work...
So over being alone :{
I love waking up in the morning knowing my Spurs won & are looking to add more pieces in the future, that sets the tone in the NBA IMO.
Do you feel weird when underage girls flash you?
area of violence, poverty? Not a lot of other job opportunities for other family members?
Martin thinks that everyone in the city of Portland is ugly. He's also never gone out of downtown.
Hi Thanks for being a new follower and welcome to our twinning tweets!
RT Reminder to the #uppers: we're on at our new time of 8am || Only 5am Pacific!
Jerome Smalls from accepts corporate partner of the yr 4 donations to Dreamcatchers. Inspirational!
this guy
Love you<3 (:
hey liv!!!! yeah, finally on twitter! all is good! how are you?! im gonna be in DC for homecoming! are you gonna be around?!?!!
add me on the 3ds we can play multiplayer!
Full drunk tired: the sequel to eat pray love
Baby sitting today
Ha! That does hit pretty close to home.
: that is an incredible idea! I would totes do it too. Who doesnt need a genderbread card?
any thoughts on collaboration opps?
LEATHERMAN SPOT CONTEST :: Where can you find the TSA's rules for what is approved and not approved for carry-on tools/stuff?
Will post a pic of the ONESIE giveaway soon!
I haven't taken it yet. I'm taking it in prep tomorrow.
Speaking of which where is my weenie dog build-a-bear? I can't sleep without him :(
thank you!
quite a few cameras cranking here wow
I want to like the Truvia songs, but man I really want to rip my ears off when they come on.
The ladies r ready to get W.I.L.D. here !!
Lovely weather.
I love u too!!
Saw an advance screening of Jane Eyre last night. I don't think anyone involved had ever read Wide Sargasso Sea. Bah.
I think at should win MVP award.
With the win over Taylor, Point Park will play Friday at 4 p.m. ET vs. the winner of #1 Concordia (CA) vs. #5 Doane (NE).
Finished one project and on to another. It's a busy day. :D
OKC weak in the post.
So the Ravens are signing players left and right. Tommy Streeter is the last draft choice left
Just made the largest purchase of my life. Fitting 100th tweet.
I do not. I don't believe the motorcycle maintenance title is just a play on words, though.
this one is gonna be a big one $$
RT : The #Orioles' 10 road wins are tied with Texas for the most in the major leagues.
We thank everyone at Emblem Health for their continued support of #Books For Kids- We appreciate all that you do!
What about old movies disney films
when the moon hits your eyes like a big pizza pie you're on acid
DONT ASSUME WHAT U KNOW ABOUT PEOPLE THEY USUALLY TELL ON THEMSELVES IF U REALLY LISTEN. LIFE IS PEACEFUL CUZ I LIVE SUCKA FREE
only thing is for football you have to stay for 3 pm game Sunday
Finally made it in the game...FOR FREE!
I will speak of the glorious honour of thy majesty and thy wonderous works
Get your "With Everything" Album today for $10! Email me at
Thanks Donna, I just joined yesterday and am still figuring out how to use it! Appreciate your adding me -I'll do same!
Tonight on Charlie Rose: & Martin Amis discuss Christopher Hitchens.
gotta keep yo daughters off the pole & yo sons outta boystown
My biggest pet peeve is when people throw things at me.
I'll look into it... follow me back :]
I'm not very but I try haha..
Thanks, Jess! See you soon!
When your mom tries to dance infront of everyone <
The whiskeys are different. I think Bushmills is one, Jameson the other. Not sure which way it goes.
Its #gcp easy to see we all about that swhag, swhag!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net Kobe was the reason why the beat the but inconsistency helped to win
Thank You!
“: let's fucking go and win that shit!!!! #RidgeBaseball” get em boys
the bigger the boys, the bigger their toys.
thx for the RTs, Adam. hope all is well.
I WAS JUST TYPING FAST OK
It feels great delivering #videos to #clients!
Smile...Today is a new day!!!!
Thank you, Stephen! Happy weekend!
New book suggestion: The 1000 Year Old Diet: Get a Flat Belly and Dress Like a Peasant
Messy Miserable Hoes!!!
THERE YOU ARE
Getting colder! Currently it's 77F and Cloudy
It's finally cooling down in texas Can't wait to come home
OK, did you see that Sealy commercial? Hi. Larious. :)
I hate it when my truck's running left.
I didn't know you were expecting. Congratulations!
Headed home to officially start the weekend : ) Have a great weekend everyone!
Yes, please! Yum! RT : Free Pizza Friday? #Booyah RT this for a chance to win a few slices!
LOL. Took me five minutes to figure out you meant art-drawer and not store-stuff-drawer. :)
Headed to MIT and Harvard so I can feel smart :)
It's alive, it's risen, it's... the Happy Little Guillotines twitter account. Follow for updates, tips, funnies and more! RT?!
Looks like Beautiful People isn't moving on with NBC. JJ Abrams pilot is also supernatural but different. Networks stuck in the mold!
u suppose to be thinking about what we about to eat not tweeting! Grrrrr....
Veteran assembly almost made me cry 3x... :/
My Everything Turned To Nothing ...
aha the wachovia. They let you play for media day? Haven't played that course in looked 16 years
scary but lower accident rate than flying!
thanks. No Fish Market this time.
My day has been 100% shitty. Need some best friend time(:
Acrobuffos is total water, clowning madness. This is great
in hollywood at the vanguard to see my girl jimmi james perform support independent music:-)
According to PubMed, I haven't been a young adult in 2 years. I won't have a subcategory again until middle age!
I slept the loveliest sleep ever .
Driving in the sun, shadow weighs a ton, looking out for number one!
What an awesome an gorgeous day!! Off to a home visit after a much needed productive day at the office and then home to see my man!! :)
I had Southern Miss beating Cuse. ...after 1 hour, that piece of my bracket is already a wasteland
Well not going to church taking me nana to the hospital.
#YouKnowYouGoToClark when you see pigeons flying inside your cafeteria.
Thank you dear! RT : love your avi! Hot graphics!
Now that the chips are down I can't do it. When I see Barnes or Bynum and their stupid unpunched faces I can't do it.
Me too!!
rt “: Just in: Karen Santorum will make campaign stops in Wauwatosa and Cedarburg on Saturday
…cont) ya..unless they offer a black card:)
Mystical Night <3
The tax code should reward hard work and risk taking. I support comprehensive tax reform that would give us a flat income tax.
people get defensive because their might be some truth in what is being said.
haha yes! Hey guys stop playing so hard to get! Let's play the "Let's follow Liz and Angelica" game :)
#Halloween party tonight at 9:30pm. Cash prize for top 3 costumes and DJ Joanie B. will be playing all your favorites
all of em.
All my Vanilla Ladies hope you have a great Mothers day!
#libmade How much does it cost to maintain these machines like 3D printers and laser cutters? Who fixes them? The manufacturer?
plug'n 'n chug'n along
#WordsINeverWantToHear I'm sorry, I think you deserve for someone who is better than me
A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken.
sorry Ellie! Not talking about you!
People keep saying my hair looks like duncan Keith's
Shady people. <<<
So far I have met the craziest ppl in NY
Good morning world. While we've got a small break from the #heatwave, let's get things done today.
good morning MSFT Windows. thanks for locking up on me again when i have critical work
Snooki please tweet me back im a big fan of you
Yea I slept a lot last night... And it felt great now I wanna get back in bed...
yeah, you're pretty.. but, your attitude makes you fugly.
and Joe Fraizer all in one day jeez
thank you for the mention.
Me three! (albeit opposite...)
cant wait to see u tomorrow we need to organize Both of our lives big time ....
3 on 3 basketball tourney today with and ----1pm | Harper Archer HS. Come out and join us!
I will tune in. Wish I could make it in person....
At Chili's with the family :)
Life is good when your marriage is happy, your business is successful, & your faith in God is strong. Let's make these things happen in 2012
Thanks so much for coming last night!
To celebrate Max's successful hearing test, getting some new music (with Sarah at Record Theatre)
oh yeah Hahaha.
We have been dealing with a major customer service #fail with ... it is making us wonder if we will be their costumer must longer!
“: Go follow . It's a few of my good friends band, sure to be Awesome!” Thanks Joey, you rock!!!
Watching Cowboys and Aliens. I love a flick.
After one look at this planet any visitor from outer space would say 'I want to see the manager. -- William S. Burroughs
Relaxing and watching kourtney and kim take new york!! :)
I wish Oliver was that active so I could make a video of him with a lightsaber.
That's my friend Joshua lol
congrats Mel, that's awesome!
#TypicalLakersFan RT : See Harden be pullin that ole #Tricky get under ya skin type stuff.
They all have work ahead of them. But I can't say any of the players didn't give max effort. They all were bringing it in drills.
Lol. We all get absent minded!
Join the Timbers this Sunday at Pioneer Square for the World Cup Final, then come to PGE Park for a 6p International Friendly against Atlas
Did you know? That #Prettylittlethings was filmed entirely around
Traveling on 5:30 pm NYC to Baltimore with wifi, but no working power outlets on Bus A-6412531. Same issue on trip 2 NYC
RT : Innovative Designs Demonstrate Creative Solutions For Individuals With Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD)......
I tried writing 1000 emails on my iPhone today but was right; could only get to 997 before crippling touchscreen fatigue set in.
I bet it was very good.
Mexican torta for lunch!
Trickle Down Economics <<<<<<<<<
thanks happy to see you to how's life
largest employers:4th straight year top 4=U.S. Gov., Chicago Public Schools, City of Chicago & Cook County.
wow, i'm surprised that ie7 was dropped (yet elated).
Some people will go beyond ordinary to please someone. While other people do it, simply because they live it.
I'm fixing to put a windsail on my bike!
wth? U asked.. Jeez
A6.One? I only get one? I think I'd need at least two on every continent.
Nice! what for
Happy Natl Teacher Day! We have hard-working teachers who come for resources at the library 2 better equip themselves. Thx 4 all u do!
awesome seeing you at the cellar last week, man.
The IAP Crafts Panel is now reviewing the FINAL application of the day: # 130189 Sean G.
Heading to for lunch today with ! Yay!
Al Michaels is rocking that combover tonight
Ohmygod. THEY CAN HAVE LOTS OF BABIES WHICH YOU CAN SELL. Except I'm not sure you can transfer them...
RT : "If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves." - Thomas Edison
#ktco - I don't seek inspiration, but I try to put myself in places (online & off) where inspiration finds me.
:) i asked Rich from seventh rain to see if he could come up with anything if not that was the only think i came up with
no prob its true idk y but i really like it
I think I've listened to Suego Faults by at least six times in the past 24 hours. Obsessed.
I remember 2!!!! I met u in Orlando u were sick outside ur bus w/my mom almost a year ago -May 3 I was 1 of 1st followers
75% of the band is at johnny's watching akers and putting up posters
RT : Done working eating mixing etc.... Suicide of.... Mix start to take shape... Sound pretty gnarly
I'll say this, teaching chamber music literature for graduate students has really expanded the size of my iTunes library.
My mom always keeps me laughing a l w a y s
Gotta shoot the first trollin Tuesday's this week any good viral videos out there?
hunger crisis in the #HornOfAfrica likely to worsen in the conflict zones of southern Somalia & Sudan in the coming months. Source:FEWS NET
when do you think gods gonna smite you down? I wanna get my picket together for your joke of a funeral
#Summerfest Corporate areas are booking quickly! One of our favorite 11 days of the year!
#OffWorkShawty one more move to make, and then its lights out!!
birds shut up! why are there birds outside my window at 1:45 AM?
thanks Missy! Your support was appreciated!
it is good to be open and flexible.
any ideas for potential speakers or events?
We Need Mastering Techniques
im still obsessing over how dances, her face, her hair.. and that she followed me LOOL :$ can i be like her.. or....
When the hell did CBS move #HIMYM to 8:30pm? I just missed the season finale!
Let's grab VY, and Reggie Bush while we're at it as reassemble the top 10 of 2006 Draft
I be getting high just to balance out the lows.
You are most welcome! Thanks for putting such good info out there! RT : Cheers for the RT Wesley
Break #time! for a few minutes at least :p
#NowBumpin "Earl" by Earl Sweatshirt
Exciting to hear and meet , which is a collaboration with on education issues throughout NYC.
yo let me get that shoutout
Dont trust anyone named candy
There's a possibility all of my followers will hate me for jamming their feeds, but certainly!!
thanks we need all we can get. :)
Nice guy!
It happens=/ No worries!
Today was the day Bonnie & Clyde died...interesting
If your listings still have pic's of snow from LAST year.... you might be a redneck??
Power off again. please help
What's Rickie Weeks batting average at the end of the year? Predictions welcomed.
it was very affordable, at least back then. and, totally hipster.
lol, i know right?! right?! wait, are you talking about me?
Apologies. As embarrassing as that is for me, I can't help but think of how Peter Berg must feel.
i love how fast this week is going>>>> <3
Thanks to everyone for entering our contest! In a few days we'll draw the winner of a new iPod Touch and a year of our service for charity!
you are!!!
Yes, Israel is a terrorist state. They use fear and violence to advance political goals.
La Mesa Mayor Art Madrid & the La Mesa City Council name 23 Citizens of the Year
Remembering the speech during #jumpstart, you are the champion you are looking for, look no further, look within you!
Agreed! :) RT : I am WAY too hyper for this only being Monday. I blame the abundant sunshine.
round up done, pinterest will be done this weekend... I'm tired.
Oh by the way my alcohol consumption is not helping my spelling of caryon, or crayon as it shud have been.
“If people are truly, madly, deeply in love with each other, they will find a way.”
When is the next Shmita? The next Jubilee?
Love me some Aerosmith. Great album. Found some more musical common ground: Aerosmith, Big Ones.
child support #TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear"
i am so annoyed
We'll look into it but WMLW only broadcasts are typically covered on FSN-A on Direct TV. Should have a selection that carry that.
when you care about someone, some shit is hard
Disneyland= Most Romantic Place Ever!
You know how i know you're gay?
#hootsuite You can also check out the backend of the app with stats of your activity!
thanks for the shout out! :)
I need to find a place to watch the match while in Phoenix tonight... any ideas?
Lakotah's Falling is racing up the charts! Make sure you request it on the radio!
Whoot! Settled and ready to enjoy DC!
No work today! Spa & lunch w/my besties. All good.
And I understand about life getting hectic. I did the blocks in two sittings because school and life got hectic.
#HeartsUp2.... Its the one you look the most beautiful in...
S/o to the night rider
If I bust the donkament I'll play
Well then, how do they smell? RT : God people, quit asking how guys look right now.
Have a wonderful evening, all. Take the time to write daily at least 20 minutes a day, and give yourself permission to imagine!
Does that sound right? This means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy
aye!!:) we should have a convo:) idk but we should xD
you are acting like a #BOYFRIEND by teasing us like this. Can we have the #BOYFRIENDTeaser? 1
Thank you...appreciate prayers as we prepare-going to be emotional for us, especially Macy seeing him 1st time in nursing home.
I can't tell
How many famous musicians from New Orleans can you name?
Thank you Max!
Hey crazy bitch (;
thanks! I will deff let you know if I can make it, I may have a class that day.
whaddup? Thanks for following!
The boys state basketball broadcast features every stereotype of Wisconsin imaginable. #milk #farms #cheese #corn #ice cream
Man really seeing MWP's value here. His active hands are contagious!
I'll bet that last tweet reads strangely if you see it out of context. (Right, ?)
Heartbreaking. Thanks for being there for them.
another video from that boy NOT
It's shaping up to be a wonderful day! Great things are happening ;) - hope you all are enjoying you day just as much as I am.
#IdoThisForTheLadys, being a very good girl at parties, and going home to my love.
Sitting Richard Wolffe next to SE Cupp like setting a cat next to a mouse...on a plate slathered with mouse gravy
Great way to describe... force multipliers. I'm stealing that. ;-)
congrats to your Bro, Do what you love right:) Keep doing you..love the music
In Atlanta. Green room over at Wild Bills. Pumped for the gig!!
It's never too late to make amends; you can always be my friend.
“: I know ma! I just like my after work drinks....*twiddles fingers* lol jk, wait aren't u guys coming up today?!” congested
its going pretty good surprisingly so YOU MET JUSTIN OR SAW HIM OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT !!!!! <333 so happy for you
Jus went to my nigga AB funeral now jus found out yestaday my lil nigga J.R got killed n me n him was jus talkin n kickin it at da gym SUN.
follow mee please
this gig in LA?
tell us when and where! If we get something up here in Nashville we will give you a shout!
my brother got the brains of the family so i thought i'd learn to sing
Today is boring as fuck.
First Thursday at 7:00, free food, worship, and a word from . Anybody can come and I encourage it!
Now that #Crosby has come back in dramatic fashion, it is time for the next big milestone in his career: shaving his cheesy mustache.
They seem to reserve the juice for Lincecum, specifically.
Hm, why the scarf, ray?(:
Its Sad How Ppl Jst Murder Othr Ppl 4 No reason :(iWish Was Here 2 Tell Me Evrythings Ok nd Hes In A Btter Place now :(RIP Ken
The Rally to Restore Sanity 10/30/10 in DC. I am so in.
i am doing it right now
Not even gna lie I'm knackereddd. Long ass day 2day. Bt I had a very nice day2 :) love my nicca.
i bet if justin saw that tweet, he thought wtfff :L
Congrats to #FSU Head Coach Mike Martin - career win 1,700 vs. G. Tech - great series sweep! Lets get 1,701 vs. #UF on Tuesday! Go #Noles!
you're on the ball today bitch! Did you self smart yourself? You couldn't understand sarcasm if it hit you
You make our mission easier by being such wonderful person!
I need to find my jacket before I go to sleep, fuckkk.
Its odd to be back...its cold here. Can I hop a plane back? I miss Hawaii.
Just got done hot tubbin it. <3
I have this fear that I'm gonna meet my soul mate, and we're going to get married, and be so happy, and then he's just gonna DIE. Idk why.
I'm at Alivia's 3rd Birthday Tailgate at the K! Party on Alivia!
I haven't seen it, but i'm seeing it in Rochester in 10 days!! Yipee!!!
To sleep or to eat? That is the question.
We live to better our future. But we accomplish things to be able to tell a story for the next generation.
Like saddest moment of my life.
light bulbs! Tiki torches, etc
A Day to Remeber is my new favorite band !
You should at least be able to peep the same KIND of game at least. You shouldn't get played the same way with EVERY person
It's a pizza and movie kind of night :)
put some henna in, braid your hair and be pippi?
If u WANT to be single thts great, honestly. But don't go dissin relationships jus bc ur sorry ass can only manage 2 hold down a crap fest
That would not pass the white glove test.
granderson is a slut
so u like Manila,It looks nice there,have fun
McGinn is lobbying the International Olympic Committee to recognize bike polo as an official sport.
To buy or not buy a vuvuzela?
I think I like a twitter-blog combo. If the blog is tweeted about, I remember to look at it and there's more info there
Always ask me Why my Tv be so loud , Now Yall Know my ears are small
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 8
SO excited. I love you so glad to be able to tweet you again !!
News-wise
I know.... An this coming from a meskin
I want to make it to #SXSW one year
Pay your IRS Installment or Payment Plan payments at www.payUSAtax.com.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there....
Hey Dre'! Will Quidam be making a trip around the Jacksonville, FL area anytime soon?
I would love to read it, I've been a territory manager for 8 yrs & an entrprenr at heart, ready to launch my product
Last day in Ithaca. This will call for Purity ice cream.
FIGHT IS OVER!!! GET SOME OF THAT MAYWEATHER!!!
Does Macrorie's "engfish" cover it?
where the peaches grow!
More about #marigoldhotel on !
And I don't think Cal is dirty. I think he works the NCAA's "gray" areas like no other. Nothing illegal, but maybe on the line
Happy Birthday :)
SUP! I fOLLoW bAcK!!! ;D
And I might be later too this class
I don't trust guys named Alex. I dated an Alex once-come to find out his actual name was Uday.
Brunch at Reveres Wells Street Tavern in Delafield than off to the gym. vs. #lakers tonight.
I got u my dude.
I need some 2 day #Revoltions ♥
Great but where were you every time I walked into a McDonalds?
Are you friends with Jacob Soll? He's amazing!
holy moly. flea market in the morning :)
at least it wasn't a full year. That's a life that is just too busy
Gettin my hair did (:
Either that or curl into a fetal position and play dead. It works with bears, so why not crowds?
- several...some @ work the rest at home
just because you got it doesn't mean you know how to use it
I need somebody to text. I'm in bed bored as heck.
I just remembered the name of that book I was telling you about. It's "The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society."
Bertuzzi: Great at shootouts, even greater at sucker punching.
I'm not worried about Kobe scoring 30...I want Bynum with 20 and 15 and Pau with a 20 10 7 kind of game
Come with ur sweetie and enjoy a evening w/ at Outriggers www.whatsfunnylive.com
"I could track the progress of the work online. My friend was right, the estimate was right on, my car was ready when they said it would be"
Happy Birthday Twitter! Cheers!
Thanks for the Follow I'm honored. ;) xo
When do the Believe tickets go on sale? Someone please answer...
drop me a note when you can...... I have some documents that i can send you --
then you can write articles that help with seo, presence and book sales/content.
yea, you can just tweet it to me (:
Tweet tweet.....watching the Checkers! Where are you?!
Sorry...and you were so generous with the cheese curds. Don't hate me, Betty!
to wake up in the mornings is a blessing
Indeed. I particularly like tip #4, but it was too long to quote.
That, too. So named becaused of the multiple pipes involved.
Bitch ii no myii abc's
It's not even 2, damn on fucked up
My students are trying to get #thatawkwardmomentwhenyourteacherisactuallyfunny trending!
swiss army watches mens
My pajama pants i made in sewing dont fit D:
Here at the house, chillin gettin ready to drink it up.
#Republicans = stuck on the past
#Cavs got a first round pick for a guy who was likely leaving as a free agent in a few months, how is that anything but a great deal?
I kinda miss marching band.. In a way :P haha I miss my uniform</3 it probably misses me too<3
I always read the file names, hoping for an ounce more insight. this batch of secrets made me feel like a kid in a candy store.
We remember September 11 and the heroism and sacrifices of that day.
party time
ha!!!!! Come out tonight. I smell like bacon.
I'm gonna hike the Palmer Lake Trail to at least the first reservoir. If the trail isn't icy, I'm going further anyone wanna come along ?
Launch date is coming! The first week of deals is gonna be great.
Congrats on 3 Outer Critics Circle Awards, ! Deserved winner of Outstanding Musical, Book, and Director!
I cannot believe I am going out in public wearing a shirt that says, "I have the pussy, so I make the rules." Denim skirt, cowboy boots.
I Only Fuck Wit Chu...On Two Occasions...When I'm Drunk 🍻🍸Or I'm High🚬...& I Don't Even Smoke🚬...& I Rarely Drink🍸
thank you! we're launching our beta soon!
Rewarding this tweet: Last night, woman I last saw in Aug: "I loved The Coffins of Little Hope! Thanks for the rec!"
Send me a link :)
Playing battle of the bands at south Paulding high school tonight. Going to share the love of Jesus through song!
lets pray I don't run into this bear
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I know there's still 15 mins left but, I loved you on Glee and your soo inspirational <3 follow? :)
love watching you play :-)
get you right in mile high!
I need new feet. Mine are dead.
are you ok?
What's wrong cuzin?
no problem <3
Currently 5-2 on games that are final with 2 still in action. Great night! Congrats to those who purchased!
<3 <3 <3 i love you so much. " Obama has my vote. Always has, always will. #lovesandsupportsmybrother"
would American Idol bump the 500 to if we run tonight?
Your a bitch, I'm a bitch, she's a bitch he's a bitch exc.... come up with a new word
Kris Humphries thought he was going to stay married to Kim Kardashian ... He should have read the script.
Anyone out there using Intuit for their website/hosting? Let me know how you like it!
Thanks for dropping some serious knowledge for the fellows! #NLCAtlanta #NLC Institute
I love so much ♥
I hear you, im tired too
Y'all tryna use the Lord to sell pussy on this corner I already know.
Sexiest man alive . . . MICHAEL EALY !!!!
I use Linode - best VPS in the world. Can't recommend them enough. You just need to know your way around Linux.
Let us plan and handle your digital media planning & buying for 2012, contact us and see how we can help!
The iPad as pure consumption device: Its users consume media (or buy stuff as consumers) and it consumes users' time (FB/Pinterest)
I hate when I miss someone & can't do anything about it.
RT : If the 80's baby dont save the black community by raising our kids properly, we are doomed :( <<go ahead & count to DDay
Walk ins are welcomed for today's workshop Understanding Your 990 at Noon. Learn how to complete the 990 correctly. Call 344-3933.
“Anger repressed can poison a relationship as surely as the cruelest words
This sinus infection proves it. I don’t tweet when I’m sick. Is it weird that I know my tweeting patterns?
RT : Waking up to the sound of rain doesn't give me much hope that we will have a softball game tonight. // have faith!
You Rock! You Ride! You Love and You glide across the twitter skies!
good morning new friend
The word for the day is lunacy.
Me too! Dying to see next week's episode.
omg take some meds!
more trouble than it's worth, I'd have to reschedule like 15 mtgs. Ahh meetings, how I love thee. Dim sum for lunch tho!!
lol! Bo! Ha ha! Ur ridiculous!
Yay! Buy me something yummy. :)
After a Dip, Home Builder Sentiment Surges Again. The National Association of Home Builders’ sentiment index jumped 5 points to 29 in May.
42 companies stopped advertising with Limbaugh, but why were some of them in the first place: Girlscouts, Phil Orch, and Menopause medicine!
This whole fire thing isn't working out so well doe.. 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥👎
I got one too! Your photo is far prettier than the one I took tho!
rain, rain go away
: I had planned on attending Summer School, but the flights are prohibitively expensive at the moment. I'm very disappointed.
cuz I'm happy
i switched between 1st and 2nd, 5th and 6th and during eighth grade. i turned out alright!
Shooting with Burton at Smashbox Studios!
Getting ready for First Friday -- the monthly art festival in Las Vegas!
Who's doing the vocal on the Swedish House Mafia song Antidote? Thanks!
Recurring theme in #chi2012 Pasts+Futures #12AB: blending fictions + forecasting in HCI designs. Echoes of Creative Futures by
dipping some chocolate pieces in chocolate sauce m thats when you kno your
I saw here in Milwaukee last night. You two just missed each other!
Who? Who? Who? lol
overall it really is lol just certain things when a good girlfriend would come in hand..
It would have been nicer if and could have hooked me up with some snacks!
Bear Grylls or Les Stroud needs to do a two-hour special on how to survive the DMV
Realized: My May will be filled with 16-hour work days. Moms, I need some "how to take 5 minutes for yourself" tips, stat!
you seem to be connected to many in biggest loser family..do you know if Emily from this yr has twitter account? This yr fav!
Pastels are suddenly in for winter --- awkward or awesome?? RT your answer and why.
Just want to get out of this house.
you have to follow me for me to DM you.
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
i need two. please send to the office in midtown.
The dark clouds have paid off. Nice rain in north Austin right now.
Pilot translator-pretty smooth=BUMPS; light chop=u won't be going to bathroom EVER; some weather=lightning striking plane NOW
tricycle... It was Ethan's drawing lol
That's a good question. I'd like to know, too!
Let's go Melo!!
Put those interns to work tomorrow with all that heavy lifting of coffee beans ;-)
jQuery makes parsing XML in the browser quite pleasant. It's not as good as XPath, but is already familiar.
Right. You're just like the idiot who gets canned and says "You can't fire me, I quit!"
catfish mustache
Not wrong. I do the same. But I think others like the ego boost of inflated follow numbers -a quantity over quality approach.
Next Gen Smart Grid Auto-DR & Building Analytics: Adaptive BMS 2.0 over cloud adapt to various building scenarios according to grid events
You're so dramatic. -_-
A1: Improvements include greater accessibility & flexibility for students & faculty and increased collaboration in learning.
can't wait to get my hands on it. Wonderful cover. Great topic.
at least the Galleria has an Apple Store, then I won't care where I am
I'm honored. Will keep an eye out.
LET'S GO HEAT
Volkswagen makes its return trip to Twin Ports - Duluth News Tribune
you never ask me..i'm 6'1!
not sure. That mtg is imp. But thinking also abt doing the indispensable librarian 1. Hope 2 catch up w u sometime 2mrw tho!
Pool or beach? -PT
What's your impression of Heyneckes? Was v. impressed with Bayern's shape and resilience against Madrid, but league form troubling
Check this video out -- Bizzle - Delivered (Directed by Mr. Holman - ) #RT now listening to Bizzle message delivered :)
Fairfax County police Spks Don Gotthardt would not describe relationship between Gloria McMillan & man and child in her SUV
sex columns are where writing women go to creatively stagnate and lose touch with reality
just saw that you, me and chardonnay are all in nutr 313 we should def team up and help each other out lol especially on exams
Go to Macy's in the Galleria. They have ridiculous formal ware sales this time of year!
Scott Caan becomes a permanent caantestant on wheel of fortune. 'Caan I buy a vowel'
Oh, fun! Will put thinking cap on when I find it LOL!
It sickens me how badly my family treats my girl. Such a beautiful person and they fail to acknowledge it one bit... Heartless fucks they r
Wow Avengers kicks ass! Loved it!
#ArtFact: Pablo Picasso was considered a suspect in the theft of Mona Lisa in 1911.
Absolutely! We're excited! RT : great to put fun plans in place tonight with sponsor for
Just got off the phone with I'm really excited about one of their bands that will be on #eto Volume 3 in January...
go head
sadly, yes. she is always in my head on Friday mornings. And it's the worst thing ever.
I like a man who's good, but not too good - for the good die young, and I hate a dead one.
Hi can we get a follow, we are The Orphanz, Producers... Orphanz™
The famous trend towards flavored coffees originated in the United States during the 1970's.
It feels weird not having any company in my apartment. I haven't been alone like this in a long time
At the #VAWine Expo? Yes, with bells on! Wouldn't miss it.
Whats up Jay from your friends at THE EROTIC CHALLENGE
thank you doll! Lunch soon!
No fate is worse than a life without a love. Mexican Proverb
"The bartender made us something earlier with vodka. Could you make it? " Great job describing. You get vodka pineapple for 8.25, asshole.
Thank you Kofenya!!
Anyone Interested in submitting a T shirt design for DJ On1 =) ?!?
Hates that moment when you set back and realize you were happier when you weren't single.
:'''( ... #IStillBelieve RT : So if United loses the title to Man City, , & will be upset?
Instead of taking five or six of the prescriptions, I decided to go a natural route and smoke weed.
and Liz hatch will work there with us! It will be a huge success.
I'm thinking about starting a boy band. It's going to happen.
Hey, it was nice talking with you at the 2012 Walk for Autism!
Feels like sweet
then they have furnitue on shelves so we sat up on the shelves.
show today sounded like they already lost. Excuses, whining and lying. Loved every minute of it.
Thanks for the #FF shout-out, !
it's on his vevo
We're all done with our shows, its party time til Sunday!
finally getting into youth lagoon. 1) thank you. 2) i mean....really?
I am a guest on the Central Podcast this morning
Just wiped my ass with a McDonald's napkin. Thanks for teaching me "McDonald's trick"
I hate crutches...
What are you doing to help promote CAP month?
28 points and 55% from the field. #76ers need to come back to earth and the #Celtics need to step up the D
Dear Donald Trump....YOUR FIRED and STOP Race-Baiting!!!
I might or might not be going to Niagara fall in a few weeks. Just for the sake of it.
finally some recognition for a steady producer on LI. Congrats Matt
Wow, what a difference between the first gulp of morning coffee and a half a cup too much.
RT Be kinder than necessary because everyone you meet is fighting some sort of battle.
J & A Foundation~ You can only flap your arms so much before gravity catches up to you.
Austin is moving to Miami this week.Im so proud of him although he'll be far away for me, he's living his dream, I couldn't ask for more <3
want want want!
Oh, I guess there is the no shorts thing, but other than that, there are no fashion rules
I'll cop when I get home!
our prom next year bouta SHAKE i can't wait!! lol i ALREADY got butterflies!! #shoutout to c/o 2013!! :))))
Woke up with a Nickelback song in my head. Why does God hate me?
Tips from the Disney Diva: Walt Disney World&#39;s Candle Light ...
Seriously good night. The ATL feels a little bit more like home every day.
"This is precision driving with everything on the line guys" - 2 laps to go- and battling
lol! Love it.
Dream Big.. Live Big... Think Big...
are you kidding and I missed it
Caught up on some sleep last night.
nice alternative to my favorite workplace slur "hetero-normative"
June 2nd will TOTALLY be a YOLO kind of day.... Guaranteed .
Ima put a cheetah print on that ass
That is to say that the faithless tendency is bad cause and effect attribution.
Example? The Interfolio user who ships the four millionth document is going to walk away $500 richer. We'll have more regarding that soon!
playing a team from Kansas in Portland. These are all neutral site games.
Just accepted the fact that I'm going to fail chemistry tmro
Out at the #RMHC5K Record fundraising!
thanks ! your link goes somewhere else though.
"Embedded" or "remote" librarianship has let me reach users & learn a lot about them not possible within the walls of the library.
