Congrats. Great hustle tonight.
how was Dallas last night? :(
me too I deactivated well over a year ago I should log in and delete everything
I saw a person shot in that villa tho
I did it. You don't have to be happy about it.
Rip Steve, my sincere condolence to his family, dear friends and the entire Apple community.
Huang: With #OWS and the coming majority minority nation, we have the opportunity to rethink political power and race/class/gender.
Crazy day an it just began
that's us! Classy, classy bitches.
#kiddori finally has its own Twitter stream. :-)
Just had a dream about softball. I miss it :(
Explore Helmut Barnett Artist Page via I'm meeting him for lunch today. Lots to talk about.
There's a tranny on the green line, with enormous hands. This muthafucka bout 6'2
hows everything going with u and Lamar . hope all is well!
thanks. Most of the credit there goes to
I wish we could be like we use to be, I hate how we're becoming strangers :(
Okay, instead of me talkin 2 "recruiters" I gotta speak 2 actual people of diff races doing what I may be interested in...
All we do is fight
i love old movies with i was watching them with my grandma would have made it perfect
Oh were ready!
PlayersRep Client Signing RT : Reagan Maui'a agreed to a 2 year deal to stay with the Arizona Cardinals
Darn it! It happened again...I'm trying to write the short form of tournament but it won't let me...I guess u could also call it a journey
And I'm never slowing down, fuck. Was that a deer?
##1Girl in my life that i really. love is my kids mother
Indeed, force was with us today, somehow got by w/o having a permit and weather was terrific! Thx to all....finish line clearly in sight!
Welcome everyone to the 2012 one handed hipster Olympics!
ha! Guess that is the kind of call you welcome from IRS? Worried what happens should you decline their offer?
Good night! Tired, beat, warn out. Kisses
A lake of something...
Tell the folks in DC that! How about some sustained meditation and purposeful action too!
NOW NUBLU ORCHESTRA CONDUCTED BY BUTCH MORRIS HAS A FB PAGE...CLICK IT !
I'm shaaawasted !
Wednesday Nights at the Place We Make It Happen come in for the C's and stay for the party!!!
Every time I think about my attempt to do the electric slide on my birthday I cringe
When an alumni or dealership owner insists u take and receive its hard to say no when u have no job, I back pryor he did nothing wrong!
"Bitch ass niggas"
Yep that was fun seeing all my industry peep's #drunk as...
Simple math would confirm RT : Deadspin commenter notes that none of the eight dead '94 Chargers lived to be 45 years old. Cripes.
my buddy sam emails me: "if football ran for president with cheeseburgers as the VP I would lobby to abolish term limits" Go #Packers!!!!
Merry Christmas!
I didn't know I was following any foodie account!! Thanks for the FYI, tho
I'm so excited about the #NBA playoffs. The #ChicagoBulls are number 1 and will remain that way. Go Bulls!!!!
#Goodmorning and God Bless
I wish I had a $1000 shopping spree to so I could buy every dress!
when it does NOT rain, I'm just going to laugh lol
Im thinking its time to go home now...movie and food sounds so good. like french fries. yum. chinese? mcdoonies? in and out? cha for tea?
RAID rebuild success! Actually it was very easy to tear down and re-create, just time-consuming to get good info on LVM2.
happy bday even though I dont know ya just saw ur name on my TL
In KC and don't have I'm at a stand still.
Guys "Voices" is SO Sexy<3
We are marching onto the Brooklyn Bridge
Happy Birthday Miranda Cosgrove :) "We love you "
Will.i.am and Carl Bernstein!
if anything, Obama should pick up more swing states because, hey, they could go either way.
I wanna marry someone with the last name Martinez.. That way I don't have to change my last name, I love my name. Lol,
On a mission!
I think we have a winner!
sweetie...I don't know who u s talking about...shoot I ain't put no one before me lool...too selfless for myself to do that
I'm thinking of Bogost "procedural rhetoric" to understand affordances beyond simple literacy, but not sure if it fits w ur ?
I constantly impress myself at how talented I am.
LMFAO ANDY REID IS HERE
what happened?
(EEOC)The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission investigates potential discriminatory job advertisements
check out our website www.interfolio.com and see how you can use our dossier service to manage your LOR's.
I wish things would just fall into place already :(
Friday Jazz at Enso: Neil Gordon Trio (2/18)
Stand up sparring tonight...all are welcome.
I wish the people in this state would read Never Cry Wolf. For the semiliterates, there's even a movie version.
Wearing my my Willis jersey all day today!! Number 52 is a good number!! Woo let's go niners!!!
There goes toe nail number 2. Now my pinkie toes are matching.
I got thrown from a horse!
Where are you? Stop by and enjoy this fine wine, tasty hors d'eouvres and a massage by April, Maku or Trina
care to elaborate before I kick your ass
stats huh!!
Drop into the Euclid Tavern tonite in Cleveland. Comedy at 830 then Karaoke at 11pm with it's always a party
If I had a book to read...I proly wouldn't have went out every day this week.
Only 3 days? Well times flies when you're having fun ! We are anticipating a terrific evening on the 14th. cc.
Coolest gun you have ever shot?
"Let roll up a jay and pretend we in love | I got a paper plane, its propelling my buzz..."
Waiting for the gym to open. Time to start the weekend off with things that are good for me!
just let me know when the housewarming is lmao
#AllIWantForChristmas is the cutest, most awesome guy I know to spend some time with me. Totally lame, yes, but very true
Why does this 13 year old girl sit in front of MY house and shove her tongue down her boyfriends throat? Ew.
one of my favorites
You cannot expect to achieve new goalsor move beyond your present circumstances unless you change
Just watched the movie "Once" ...amazing. 5/5
I haven't read the books but maybe they could have done it all in one movie. Guess I was expecting more.
What is it about you that makes me feel so good?
I'm back at Milano's in Bartlett! Day 2....I love good pizza. I miss eating solo.
wants more twitter traffic so post your thoughts about
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book ....
Lopez: "Ppl may look at her & say, 'Wow, this girl's doing great' but Ava should be doing so much more. Ava should have a normal childhood."
Oh. Bomb threat. All clear already.
Excited for #rockthevote tonight with ! Who's going?
Ready to cause some damage tonight!
lazy, vapid, meaningless analogy. Think before you tweet, Congressman.
most in high places always look low at those in low places but they fail to realise that those in low places are moving to higher places
If Newt Gingrich and Herman Cain open a cupcake shop together I promise to go there every day.
To people who say that the boys hated America, Harry is in LA right now by choice...so i guess he liked it just a little bit, didn't he!?
“ The best feeling in world is seeing someone smile and knowing that you were the reason why.”
IU with 12 FTs to UKs 6 in the first half, accounting for an 8-point advantage at the stripe. Cats getting 0 calls on the interior.
I miss talkin to my twitter friends
~ Prayers for u. I knw ur going thru a tough time. says ur a tough cat!
sup homie? you in the chat room?
he's done better. the intro is just weird
"I Felt That It Was Missing in the World" Kisses!
At campus court
Oh yes! Especially helpful for those Chicago winter mornings! RT : My coffee maker!!
oh! I thought I was late. 6 is fine. I can run a quick errand on the way.
I want to get all my media iTunes compatable so I can easily transfer stuff to my iOS devices
Damn strick schools. Burn in grneejig! RT ... ugh stupid teachers my school is WAY to strick ,. grneejig
Young the Giant is showing some QC love and wearing tshirt. :)
What the hell is a "bad gateway," Twitter?
sad but true and so prevalent.
couldn't agree more.
but speedy is rawr.
Thanks! One of those pastors is on IWJ's Board of directors!
thanks so much for the follow...if you are in the market for a new mattress or new furniture please keep us in mind!!!
following people with the same last name is fun! till they get scared and scram...
The CD is now available at #CrackerBarrel stores. RT and let us know where YOU found a copy!
27- wow you have the most prettiest smile I have ever seen on a boy :)
well we have hardly talked al day.
It bears repeating.....Karma. I love you.
Happy Birthday, Justin!(:
1 word? Really? - Authentic
Woot Woot i knew already hahj i should right.!(:<
ps welcome to twitter we're glad you're here
Hello :) Ughh I was so busy yesterday! Not cool -.-
I like that new Mary J. Blige song...one finally for the guys.
kettle chips :(
Could there ever be a triple header at the with the and ?
Banks be shady
See the barbershop conversation about the NBA playoffs and the Miami Heat.
Gettin Ian's for the first time in a while
how about any "recovery specialists"? Sanctioned or otherwise...
I wonder who will excel and who will bomb on tonights American Idol.
One on building online communities and one that covers a lot of smaller tech and library issues all in one. You coming to #cil2012?
Has anyone seen punk'd where The Biebs gets #Taylor Swift?? That was so off the chain...u gotta see it!!
on your bitch
Thank you for live tweeting our performance of for a packed house at South Shore Cultural Center!
I studied jrnl pub argmts a couple yrs ago, and most did not bar posting. Law schs prob not checking, tho.
#WhyDoHoes Always say "WHERE THE WEED AT!!" (in that irritating ass ghetto voice) lol
You dont love me anymore.
did we win? lol
#incubus great song! RT : The day you were born you were born free. That is your privilege.
I've joined the dark side
Wait what street were we supposed to turn on? Nicky's? Or is that the bar? RT “: Venice with !”
#FF Your state ALA not in the last list? These?
Dear 9-11: you still make my heart hurt. I put up a new flag for you anyway.
Loving the focus on fashion and its place in Detroit.
Lisa Brissey Ellenberg, teacher, mentor, life long friend. Thank you for being an excellent educator!
We are very excited to see all of the work our followers are creating, It's going to be a very healthy year. Every submission will assist...
And I am now incredibly curious...Haiku Laureate?? Do tell...
Best pic I've seen all day.
First grand slam by a #Brewers position play since June 14, 2010 (Braun at LAA). Marcum had only grand slam last year (July 4 vs. Dbacks)
Wonder if they changed it from the first session...I found the Zebra presentation interesting.
We both know it
Fellow SAG actors, Scott Wojcik leads a fab (free!) NYCAP Commercial seminar. Gets to it. Play hard, book harder.
I can see NoCa and MichSt making it to the four at least... but the final two... what was I thinking. (Was pretty random)
Au Revoir! We're jet-setting to Paris for the Pret a Porter trade show - Booth M235 at Portes de Versailles (Sept 3-5). Stay tuned :)
How come most elevator DOOR CLOSE buttons never seem to actually make the doors close?
Happy Friday people! Hope you stylists bring in the big $$$ this weekend! Tweet if you need a great sharpening or some of the products! Yee!
PHS cranky: people in this country will trample others for a bargain, but do little to support the arts....come on now, America, what gives?
My son will love this- Angry Birds has already encouraged his interest in real birds
cya at Disneyland!! #vidcon2012 is gonna be EPIC!! JUST LIKE LAST YEAR!!! ;)
Omg five hour energy omg omg omg half hour sleep no big deal I'm going to Vegas in a few hours omg........
In 6 days I will be free! No school till 7/6! IRELAND!!! I CAN'T WAIT!!!!
New Classical Record Label Aion Techni Releases Opere Per Orchestra Featuring Music by Composer Giacomo Cataldo Performed by the Bohusl...
That's nice though always precarious and dangerous... particularly in my case.
Uh oh are the masses ready?
I try to get to FL every other week depends on available loads coming back to WI
Hopefully it's soon!
how do you know these wonderful things??
Thanks for the #FF!
What is the blend?
Can somebody HELP ME break out of twitterjail:( I'm trying to get sum followers
Well thats 99% of my followers. And everyone is fighting each other. Terrible times. Make love not war!
Your right. They are similar. We have stock of the Kozois in tort/brown & blk/grey. which colour would you prefer?
the party is crazy already at citrine!
Oh, Mr. Forkner! I didn't know you also went under the alias of Riley Frost. Excuse me.
Florence Welch next friday!!! AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Today's job: go to all the restaurants hosting Chamber Music Roundup meals and put up posters. Also, don't eat something from every place :/
thank you!(:
gocompare....thanks again for following me. -douggieb
Thanks for the
are the refs afraid to call fouls on Sullinger? This is ridiculous..he's fouled mase 2x already...
I apologize for my behavior on twitter tonight
What a great week we had at the Heartland Worship Institute. Powerful life changing stuff!
Any known or unknown cause that could be detrimental is flushed away by the pure action of God's healing power
#Teamfollowback.... Follow me and spread the word
Hoping Kirkwood gets crazy tonight! (ala 2002 IU over Duke)
Good morning peeps
Fingers crossed!
What happened to us and our friendship? It's like we're strangers now.
Sorry we haven't been on lately guys. We kinda forgot that this account existed lol! But how is everyone today?(:
Jack Bauer is ready to make the call: "We're still screwed"
Don't Barrel Through Work Zones - Drive Smart to Stay Alive!
Its not stress that kills us, it is our reaction to it. ~ Hans Selye
re ' ... i used to be a maintainer of the RSS PURL...' - maintenance is spread out but it seems you are for modules
yes it is "horrible isn't it When you applaud a man who believes in killing babies"
u have khaks?
RT "The critic has to educate the public; the artist has to educate the critic." Oscar Wilde
It was a great article!!
I don't know. She's probably not as weak as we are.
Twitter alive and kicking on sat at 7 am, must be campaign season!
you're giving some good advice today! Thanks! :)
you'll sleep like a baby on the flight!
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him :) please reply
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-ps1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Hong Kong. It's available in your customer area now.
why. did. you. loose. your. phone. and You better be at my house hard and square today.
Carla is kinda hurt, she keeps using her kids as an excuse.but part of it is because she wanted it to work
we have mutual friends;) the Carneys;) saw ya at Chris' wedding?
do you watch
seriously! There's already this one girl at my school that know about them :(
The Underdogs!
Cutting up pink construction paper to make a Welcome Home sign for the apartment door.
thank you for the support!
New to twitter and getting "twitterpated"
We'd love to get some feedback on the #SOCAPEurope mobile agenda. We hope you're liking it!
Just finished hydrating the staff at the Marina Del Rey Hotel and Ritz Carlton! Headed to hydrate the Marina Del Rey Fire Station!
Watched an amazing movie. Some classics will never go out of fashion.
Football Tryouts Tomorrow!
i got in too much trouble down there , Then Mt found out bout us , so thats why
it's awesome. useful for doing usual things ie. reading & checking email, w/out the laptop lug. & ibooks is beautiful.
Will #shazam do morse code?
Watched the husband watch football all day. He did get the lawn from hell mowed before kickoff for UofM. My hero!
so what's up?
Thanks for the advice. Can't believe you were on that flight. Scary!
haha, i'm stoked! sorry you can't be here !
How can an idea fill a space?
#SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES oh yeah, good morning!
I'd better get crackin' or will be fully empowered to crack on me.
DWade just wanted to sit next to someone else who showed up in the fourth quarter. #wheresmyskiptshirt?
The kid is cute and whoever leaving nasty comments is insane in the brain.
Come over to Loughmiller's for State Employee Specials today! Cheeseburger and fries $6.99! Taco salads and chicken sandwiches too!
How is it possible for my work AND home computer to LOSE my MS Office license info? What do I do now? Buy a new license?!?!
i have the cutest little sister in the world.. <3
im so creeped out if yellowstone blows this year i will get pissed i love new york but some gay big volcano has to be a mothertrucker aw man
Smoke what you love, go where you love, & be who you love!
Hey, fella. Can you make an intro? And share some backstory one-on-one in the meantime? Thanks in advance!
Hello, World!
performing @ Star Bar tomorrow!! come witness magic!
fingers crossed I end up at the NMAI or the Smithsonian Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage within the next few months!
My eyes, my eyes. Stop already. *L*
There is a on the way to/from work. I made it three whole days without stopping. Yay me! ;) #ihaveaproblem 👠👗👙👜👢💄
Top 5 patios in Charlotte for good times
i want to add more pics to my profile but every time i try my main pic changes but the others wont stay what do i do .
Trading ideas on social media, brand building and online marketing at AHP. Happy to hear that we are ahead of the game!
Thanks for the RT!
LOL i just read this..reminds me of u "My room isn't dirty, I just have everything on display"
Super exciting on signing our new addition to our family, Maria Sweet. Stay tuned...
I'm celebrating the first day of fall by seeing at Humphrey's for the third year in a row. Oh yes...
Such a wonderful day! Enoing with my sweet puppy and reading Catching Fire! Doesn't get much better than this!
Details to come - will be hosting Fresh's next social media conference on March 3, 2012 at Century Link Field.
Yeah, I'm not a huge fan of Sci-Fi's, hence why I probably haven't seen it yet.
": My care level so low."wow why
#SchoolFood is the most disgusting shit your taste buds can have LOL :)
Free throws win ball games
why are you coming to my hometown, davie, fl, when I'm not here :/ come to Orlando!! Please!!
TBD. Your man is arranging. He will hit us up tmw with place and time.
The sun is by a wide margin my favorite giant ball of fire.
Why are Mother's Day cards so expensive? And why do I wait until last minute to get cards knowing there isn't much left? I need answers.
Fair enough. Should make for some nice mountain views, too...on clear days.
I'd get the latest, 4G! Black is the only color. ;)
“ “ Fuck all you hoes! Get a grip! -Biggie””
"lacked substance and failed to substantiate" Brilliant!
excited for a big night with
Bigoted assholes in NC passed amendment 1. Wow! Grow up people! It's part of life now so get over it!!! Live your life and we'll live ours!
Man I hate I couldn't be there lol
Sometimes reality comes crashing into us.
your excused
Welcome to the Team!!! Chris Garrett, Aaron Wolford, and Jordan Peralez!!!
Do you ever get mistaken for the lady from the first season of The Real World?
There is beauty in language. I see art whenever I write.
Happy Friday!! Talk about ArtWalk this weekend!!
I think I have zero tears left in me! I can probably watch A Dolphin Tail and not cry a drop...that's says something
God I love Olivia Colman
Our dads worked together at Progressive. my dad always speaks highly of yours, as a smart and fair boss.
The Los Angeles Lakers are hosting the Charlotte Bobcats tonight at the Staples Center. Call us now to buy your game tickets: 888-493-0004
I hate that stupid Prius, there's always one in front of me, on the freeway, in the fast lane, taking its sweet time.
RT : A2: The power of perception lies entirely in my willingness to understand others perceptions of me.
FINISHED THE LAST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL CLASSES :O #WhereDidTheTimeGo?!
why cant the giants get someone who can catch a dam ball
Yes, I saw it happen, unfortunately “: I just ate some blueberry cereal and it was delicious.”
Still waiting. Have a sweepstakes that's supposed to end today. You're "ending" it a bit too early.
It's a great day for Schlitz Park...see you at 11!
Giving new meaning to bleeding
#FF More new discoveries:
#DearLadies: Contrary to popular belief, it's actually the fat that makes you look fat.
Last nights party was excellent! Next one May 3rd! Fems were beautiful, AG's were sharp! Newark is back!
have fun Davee(:
#reneerow211 is the bomb!!!!!
what's good mane u want some
The Numbers are Devastating: 1 in 88 children in the U.S. #autism! Help us in the fight.
ONLY$35 PER HOUR TO RECORD AND GET THE BEST MIX ALL THE LATEST PLUG-INS BOOK NOW!! #305.627.3216 ~STARBOYSTUDIOS~
and i still meant everything i said
The hypocrisy of is astounding. What a
where would I be without my coffee?
Still up and have a meeting with the academic deen in the morning,
Retweet if you miss these guys: !
Should social media at an institution have policies controlling it or should it grow and change organically?
evaluating #accessibility of library db websites - surprise! not that accessible, but also not quite as bad as I expected
haha wow. That sucks
Missed opportunities turn into regrets.
I do too. Just easier to focus. Plus there's always work to do.
Oh ok. I was confused. Ha!
Happy Single Awareness Day! Woo haha ;p It's actually not so bad...
Don't forget that Grave Tales will be at the Dublin Branch on 10/19 at 7PM. Gather in historic Dublin Cemetery for a frightfully good time.
I'll ask them for the details
more oftentimes than not, it irritates the piss out of me.
I keep that bitch marry around especially #WhenIFeel Down & Out
Friends of wine and rural northern California: Anderson Valley overnight in near future. Favorite #wines, #wineries, #vineyards?
There is a movie being shot by my house!!!!
Mediocrity will find you again eventually. Best defense is a good offense: virtuosity.
If you once dressed as Amy Winehouse for Halloween, great news. Wear it again. Zombie Amy Winehouse is the exact same costume.
I see it as me performing a service to all humankind.
Yep Yep
Sometimes I wonder if tweets these negative conversation starters just so he can boost his score... :p
isn't it kind of funny in an ironic way that Fritchen, the fiscal conservative, is on the proverbial take?
Time to end a shitty day and start again tomorrow.
#nowplaying Chris Brown / F.A.M.E. (Deluxe Edition) - Bomb (featuring Wiz Khalifa) on with
Strive for more then just average.
Special thanks to Clayborn Benson and the Wisconsin Black Historical Society for an awesome presentation and accommodations tonight!
Too many people give passive aggressive advice in Pokemon White.
"N you're the one beneath, beneath all this.." Worked on "Beneath All This" @ the studio tonight! One of my favorite songs. Love ya! <3 <3
there you go. i guess i need to revise my original low opinion/freakout stance.
Go ahead and throw on
: Crazy bro!
Rip Zack French
man look! ... miss me with the bullshit. thanks.
With a beautiful person. He wonderful sweet loving n caring
Thinking about seeing Bully with Bob Knight. Thoughts?
oh man la posta is the bomb!
im not sure which pisses me off more - people who regularly care about sports or people who only care about sports once a year.
A person doesn't have to be perfect to be exactly what you need.
Has anyone experimented with Square or Shopkeep or any of the other tablet-based POS apps? If so, what are your thoughts on them?
Too many lost people thinking they know how to help other people find themselves.
yes it is. Now get off my lawn. ;)
Hey April lol i forgot to you lol sorry
and if ur 2 narrow minded to acknowledge that FACT, ur problemo, not ours. and as long as u mention "living in the past"..
Girls I need advice(:
And for those that want to be authentic, its tragic news that its been hijacked.
Meeting with the graphic designer. New logo coming soon!
I didn't want to get into the business, I want to talk revisions.
Still trying to figure out 2011 while staring 2012 in the face...
My mailman delivered me my #MDNA hardcopy version tonight! I'm super thrilled, but haven't gotten the time to check it out yet... tmr!! yay!
I'm going to Kohls on my lunch to buy myself gifts too!!! WE!!
don't get me started fam!!!
#jasonaldean let's get this thing started it's my kinda party <3
At DFW...pitstop on way to Austin for excited to see friends and to look for future collaborators
I love my momma happy mothers day 
So my bus just drove backward down a street, into a busy intersection, bc of street rally. C'mon Dallas, it's EBSCO lunch time!
the lan at this mcdonalds loading my facebook pics really slow.
have you visited Hoboken before? Any fav spots?
Also, no sprouts and basil on the side. They added it in so you don't get that crunchy texture from the fresh sprouts
Its Good Brah ,, U Still Fam!!
Check out our Fall '11 Performing Arts edition for ideas on young talent to showcase @ your Passport to the Arts event! #FUN!
that was good!
And life goes on....
Let's go! #Brewers #BrewDat beat those
Visit booth at #eloquaexperience! They know how to get more out of marketing automation
Everyone here,knows everyone here is thinkin of somebody else...
Also, world-wide trending...#WBDF (Wanna-Be Diabolical Fucker) Apparently I'm too hood for this honor...
National research program that I've worked under for the past several years is now officially on Twitter. Welcome aboard !
Great interview. More along those lines!
Josh Hurst is the raddest intern ever. He should call his sister once he gets out of his meeting. k bye!
I always feel slightly cooler when I'm wearing my aviators and listening to some sweet gee tar riffs.
I'd watch it. RT I want to make a movie called 'Charming Guys' where Paul Rudd and Jason Bateman sit around & be charming.
Your welcome! Looking forward to reading your tweets. Have a great week!
R u keeping up with your workouts this month? Need some accountability? I'd love to be your partner bc we all could use a little help.
U need a Meagan night! V will be fine with her nanna 😉
it's the Sinclair Woods site in Bothell... Beautiful homes, poorest service EVER. Feel bad for my clients.
o dnt have no kids.lmao
#raw10 i was @ a party n saw a Man bite his own finger while eatin Lays. i was like, Well thats 1 way 2 stop!
Guy w/ son at Kroger buys a ton of groceries & says to son: 'Now, let's go to BW3s & have chicken wings for dinner.' Dad of the Year
let's get these parties started...where you at?
Today I will help before questioning and hope others do the same.
Response team forms for abuse - Wahpeton Daily News
Just had some mcdee
Hope you have a very mindless birthday
Every American hamster comes from a single litter imported from Syria in 1930. That will save them money on ancestry websites!
"Bacon wrapped tests." - Failed attempt to make tests more, ahem, palatable.
Were sorry tohear that.Adam's R.I.P
GreenDrinks Greensboro will be re-launching! Follow us or join our email list for updates:
Yes! I can't wait to see you again!! 😊
Ah i loved it, we gotta go out soon RT“: If driving to Romeo means I get to randomly run into , I'm okay with it.”
The faith we are to imitate is faith in future grace, not just past grace. -John Piper
It's time again for #Yankees opening day, the first and last reg. season game most Yankees fans will actually watch.
I try to teach my young daughter about giving back ... we go through the coffee drive through & pay for the person behind us!
Click here to view more photos from the HubSpot Harvest party
Indy antes up for Luck, but will wins follow? - Pocono Record
watching once upon a time :) sunday night fairytale fix!
I think when he called KG dirty, he meant the slang term of dirty. Ex: KG's game tonight? Dirty.
When someone asks if you want to walk the red carpet, the only acceptable answer is YES!
If God wanted me to touch my toes he would have put them on my knees.
“: Gmail is down. Yeah, I know it's not just me. But I'm still taking it personally.” Damn you, GOOGLE!!!!!!!
mine sucked
How was your break!
Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up. – Thomas J. Watson
My kids are always walking around singing reggae songs... especially and
follow back! =]
Rodin said, "All the best works of any artist must be bathed in mystery." Any truth to that? #artists #fine art
do it cause you guys will always owe me forever!
...I don't know whether to be flattered or creeped out that I was in your fantasy haha
I be thinking about you.
Spring break is coming up for the ALC. What a great chance to read a new book!
Need to go out and have a drink... seriously!
Shakedown Street sample on the new album! I want royalties and executive producer credit though
I'm working late AGAIN and I'm actually sipping coffee. It's going to be a long night.
#69thingsaboutme 69. I've been to hell and back.
can u talk to me or follow my birthday?
you guys mean more to us than you will ever know. -zach.
thanks for the mention!
we'll have to make a plan ahead of time!!
WOW thanks so much and for the USB ;) This the most recent release?
Happy Birthday!
Asking a question is a great way to engage with others. What was the coolest thing you learned at the #acpbom?
Rarely does real social change come from those who wait for permission #fpn2012 Why can't we do more impact philanthropy?
MT Catherine Booth b. 1829, co-founder of Salvation Army; believed strongly in a woman's right to preach.
oh silence always worries me too!
Are you modeling?
love cuddle time, but you need at least a 8 out of ten to cuddle. Lmao
Thks! We're excited to have you aboard! RT killed it at tonight! So, so excited to be a part of this team!!
Nashville fans toss catfish onto the ice during the playoffs? Okay. But tossing a hillbilly over the glass would be more impressive.
Hey, thanks!
baby you light up my world<3
How nice to find you here. My workshops at #Muse2012 are full and I'm a 'table captain' at lunch. Can't wait to see everyone.
I think so. What's your name?
every day i tweet a few times"I love you♥" and i always hope he will reply to me with "love you too"..this will never happen.
If you're going to text me, atleast be interesting!
universal studios tomorrow? we'll pay for your ticket (:
just curious; i have a gf already
Watching on Everybody Hates Chris!! He is so cute! ^.^
when u comin back to ohio ?
you'll be all right, big man. In a few short days you'll be playing basketball with Our Hero.
Soon as in like Monday?!?
If you love coffee try our MochaTonix! This wonderfully tasting drink will give you energy and help you loose weight!! Try a sample when...
Good Morning Gorgeous!!
"Goodbye for now until we meet again."
The gyps mobile got some new shoes
About to go to sleep in a beautiful hotel in nyc
Switched from shorts, flip flop, 85f sunny weather to suit & tie, and rain. Rude awakening!
Congrats to our own Elizabeth Colon for making the Enterprising Women of the Year list again this year!
- great show from all of you - thanx for Rockin' us
THE NEXT 8 PPL THAT FOLLOW ME GET THEIR NAME SENT TO EVERY CELEB FOLLOWING ME!(:
Would love that! RT Let's do a FREE session! So you can experience a session with SD Master Trainer!
or actually officiate a wedding
WHO?! WHO'S PARENTS!?
no, the dead white one. Papillon.
Kiss someone because you want to, not because you have to. <3
Designers, what is something you wish non-designers that you work with knew?
I will lift a glass and miss my '65 Mustang. RT : RIP Carroll Shelby, one of the true gods of hot rodding.
My show for the Olde Towne Tavern in Buckhead has moved to Friday this week!! Better night for more fun!!
- Welcome Liz! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
That looks and sounds delicious!
Wow - couple hundred tweets complaining about service this am & you're going "check on that" now? How about honest answer??
Shocking how many ppl are defending Lawrie. Horrible calls are one thing, throwing helmet at an ump is just stupid, asking for suspension.
That hit seemed oughly Duncan Keith-ish. Giroux was mad the refs missed a penalty, and therefore, took a run at Zubrus.
I'm on a steady pace to eat boneless buffalo wings every day this week. This will definitely go in my "2012 Year in Review" blog
LUVIN MY UNBORN!!!!!!
The place u can see anything
I miss your face. Just sayin'.
google+ hangouts for museum visitors: yes or no?
who's out with Shaw back? Stalberg or Morrison?
Lol. I admit. That was funny
How hot is it in Phoenix now, Valerie? BTW, listening to "Another Star" ~ Stevie. Lol!
RT Todd Park:Let's crowd source awesomeness by marketing the bejesus out of our data to let the innovators work on it
MCON is coming together. Can't wait to start debuting speakers on Thursday
OMG.Confession of a Shopaholic is so hilarious! I can't get tired of this movie! Love it.
We hope you had fun at sundance =)
It could probably be argued that "proximate cause" (a legal) term of injury was Zman, if he never contacted Martin, never could been killed
good morning!
the blue dot means that the set was updated in the last sync with Quizlet.
Reading chromatic's "Modern #Perl". Quite informative, possibly better than "Learning Perl"
Time Management + #ADD = No Time Managed.
I just entered 's #20DaysAGifting holiday giveaway.
Pumped! ": The party is tonight! I'll be DJing the 2nd floor with from 10p - 2a. See ya there!!!"
Let the Google enlightenment begin!
#Rude Ha. Wait, What Are You Anyways.
What a beautiful day
Your voice is my favorite sound and your name is my favorite noun.... Haha
and the shirts look weird with uniform pants... Jeans look nice. I promise!
The only way to prevent self inflicted football related brain injuries is to re-educate the coaches and properly train ALL players.
So true!!!
I want to be the girl your ex will hate, your mom will love, and the one you’re never going to forget
indeed i have , indeed i have . ;D
"Still I rise, still I fight, still I might crack a smile. Keep my eyes on the prize, see my haters, tell them hi." - Nicki Minaj <3
#HonestyNight i honestly wanna know where the hell these Twitter game come from
I would to see Kodak tower, I'm sure it's awesome #Kodak i hope Kodak rises again !
I love when I can make my friends feel better bcuz I b needing them to return the favor alot.
Talking. Dating. Sleeping. But missing... you.
“: Played golf at North Hills CC yest. hit every tree" - youd think the sap on my ball would mean I could hold a green
I love her.
i think he's trying to make a poor joke "won't you think of the poor catalogers when you get married ladies?"
had the chicken pot pie pasty tonight. Great food. Great concept.
Those who were effected! I am truly sorry and we as American are still here for you 10 years later! #9/11
This is insane, 9 games all right now. Survival sunday. Come on UNITED!!!!!!
Ask if she's Siri-us
So sorry, just saw this message! The tour began at the Central Library and then moved over to the Lafayette.
Ho! Ho! Ho! Today, 10 am, detouring off Vegas Strip with 10,000+ Santas on the Great Santa Run ~ Great cause & lots of fun!
You tryin change me
Some people....
The thermometer and the thermostat.. Godin states that a thermostat is more valuable than a thermometer...
What I love about baseball is that you can watch 3 games at once if you need to. Tonight you need to.
it was GOOD! You gotta watch, ps I cannot stand Serena omg haha
Make sure you check out our organizers, Mind Cure Records & I DIG PGH. Feel confident that record culture is being preserved in Pittsburgh!!
Have I mentioned is flawless? Totally classy that he's happy for his former teammates.
Spaghetti squash!
gb lost 2 linebacker and o line today too. Get a clue skip!
A lot more is coming this year. : It is just so awesome that has so much code on github these days.
I am terribly uncomfortable with the implications of that.
listening to Michael Jackson's "Man in the Mirror"
Hayward is my sleeper. The guy is a ball hawk
I remember making my own Sittin' up in My Room video about my crush. Also used 2 sing Have You Ever & Brokenhearted to get thru those times
Follow to get the latest news about the EVSC eRevolution conference on July 11 and 12.
- a company credit card will suffice i'm sure
hey it stinks my laptop is not working at all
Trying to channel my inner as I pick paint colors for the new condo.
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! A big thank you to all of our support staff at Locksmith Ledger.
awww I'm sorry! I hope I don't give you nightmares =o( I'll feel terribly guilty
Did you #Salmon is one of the top #10 #Super #Foods for great #Hair? Full of #protein and #omega-3 fatty acids,it's a must for great hair!
- All Katie, All the Time!!! Way to double up today! :-)
Oh right. Now I'm determined to beat 74.
What toys/gadgets are you after this #BlackFriday ??
i can care less about them boys in lexington. I asked someone outside school 2 come, but last minute he told me he cant come
that guy is awesome.
Why you so damn Angry?
1Hr of sleep n im still ready to go El Machine I think is slowly coming back
#FF #OwnIt. Yes, love the title, and formerly the WNY triumvirate of extremely accurate record picking
Haven't gotten a decent night's sleep in two weeks. Great night to veg-out.
At least she HAS a gimmick. She didnt before she was heel....And she's not a hoe, so...
Thanks for the #followfriday! Always great to hear that people like what we're doing. Please let us know if we can do anything!
I hate that when that happens.
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
Might buy some lebrons today just cuz.
Right ! (: Lmfaooooo But i just wanna See What it feels like to be on some dam twitter jail ! Lmfaooo (:
It's tough to teach adults how to use social media but harder to help a younger generation grow up with it!
letter from client to Nhoj Revird Esq. Never been an Esq. before. This makes me happy and proves I am friendly!.
Never frown even when you are sad because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
Who wants to go see a movie this weekend??? my treat :)
It was a long day, but two new clients and many client problems solved. I love my work!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs congratulations new York you've made it to the big dance
WAXWORK is such an underrated #horror gem...
& and I may be going to the bar on Friday night. You should come.
Spending time with family are the best nights! Now time to watch Tebow on nightline! Woo
I love my best friend. She means the world to me :) xo
Thanks for the recommendation.
if i aint bored
truly...let me know if I can help in anyway
Shout out to the security guard who didn't let a 5'7 dude stand in front of 5'1 me
Can't deal with 's non-stop dance party.
what is your position on #Acupuncture & #OrientalMedicine and it's inclusion in #Healthcare reform and #medicare reform?
I was very confused on why would u do that to your child lmao
Also a great new selection of jewelry!! :) Check it out! 219 Broadway ave. E.
Ive kind of been slacking in school this week... Woops what ever. :P hahaha
let me check on that.
Would be nine months today..
Unfriend all of those people immediately.
#AskBieber what's your favorite restaurant to eat at with your family ?
Can't wait to see what sings r on #BELIEVE I'm excited!!!!
heel yea boy
Correction - YOU can't be the only one! I don't even like that steamer! Hah!
Great idea!
Um why were you standing out on the corner of Vermont and 29th today?
So much hw...thank god tomorrow is friday.
He does make it look too easy. He has my vote for POY.
LOL, newest example in a season of ridiculous polls MT: poll includes 'undecided' as option for 'already voted' voters.
kay i'm fucking pissed with all this austin mahone is a wannabe justin. going on a rant.
Bestbuy has it on sale. Full kit with the 28-135 is $1500. With filters, xtra bat, mem card etc comes to $1900..must resist urge
Have you considered video-taping yourself playing along with Jammit? I will post it here for you!
TY! Colorful & fun too! Kid's bedding & Family Room pillows! What other rooms do u recommend to use it?
Storage whores
Sleeping Giant @ Tricky Falls tomorrow has been canceled. Refunds available at point of purchase. Thank you -Pony Productions-
Someone is being very fussy today...and he's not even wearing pants!
Good for you then! :-)
thanks for the kind words on !
#AngelsAndGentlemen Can I Have All #Simpsonizers To Follow Me!!!:))
Happy birthday to Waukesha Tattoo's very own Jason Vogt, he is 27 today! I know, the teen sensation is getting old...
Who would have known ... baseball can be exciting.
Thank you so much!! We'll be in touch soon!!
Happy birthday to my nigga Shawnte. Get drunk for us both homie. But be safe.
Call if you need bail, Doug.
I need #sex too. Hadn't had #sex for 13 months.
World Cup fact of day: More children in USA play soccer(football) than any other sport - my bet US will win 1 of next 4 WldCups looks good!
RT : Nail polish chips on one finger, then I have to take them all off. 😡
that's what one would think. But stranger things have happened,
Last full day of #aam2012, I'm set to make the most of it. Excited for today's sessions: technology, social media, and audience engagement
New supplement on board for my workout, Muscle Fuel from #AdvoCare. Took me too long to leave the house today due to my H20 intake= floating
“: Deleting your status on Facebook because after 5 minutes, and no body liked it.”
Should I be worried that the sky is completely yellow?
Absolutely! Loud neighborhood noises shouldn't be allowed until after 10:00 AM.
Thx 4 the feedback. I am trying to find gr8 miz that is royalty free..this is the best in the short time. I'll keep trying.
I feel like I wrote all these posts. So everything I think and say.
EVERYONE FOLLOW-
What the Chicago Bears value most in the NFL Draft
We Want You! A FREE catalogue or CUT goes to volunteers for our upcoming NYC Exhibition Jan. 13 - DM us to volunteer
Already did ;-)
"A Streetcar Named Desire" is awesome. Nicole Ari Parker is excellent in her role as Blanche.
E4 Forget about #MadeInChelsea when are they going to make a proper funny show #MadeinSheffield come on, #EbyGum4 proper yorkshire like!
I do believe I saw Gov. Christy shaking is head in 'disbelief' during Pres. Obama's lecture to the governors.
I think you are awesome
HH tonight at Gold Dust Meridian, then my gluten-free store tour on Hawthorne. Fun night!
#Boss is such a great show, basically a gritty Chicago style West Wing on amphetamines
being successful won't save yo soul
tweet me sumtymzz :)
seriously, why have I had to ask to follow you twice now?
Haven't registered, Won't be able to attend. Have fun.
Super happy #FF to you!
The name says it all. MindFirstFitness.
Daniel Craig is so cute!
I can't be friends with anyone who can't take my constructive criticism and I cant have folks around me who does not give it back to me.
wow. Green saranwrap? Need pictures.
Jimmy Howard is ridiculous
Sick boy forever, that suburban illuminati
Royce is hideous when she crys
French Toast ...Its what's for dinner
serious question: could bruce lee win in a fight against a gorilla?
Wow lots of new followers! Thanks u guys rock!! pool is officially open and it's a gorgeous sunny and 80 degree day..u know where I'll b!!
i'm gonna stay down and ride for you baby ~
thanks for the follow :)
�Before healing others, heal yourself� Unknown writer
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 58
Greater than the sum of his man parts.
Stuck trying to eat behind literally every North person...
Dan Boyle baby go
Good. How are things in the Illadelph?
black fraternity scholarship
Glad we got past the 1st and everything on the internet can go back to being real
even if i'm not a kid, I'm compelled to buy the book!
Why did my twitter change if I didn't update it?
"It's not what you know, it's what you do with what you know." Unk
Whatever moves on....
It's been a minute since #GLEE made me cry. Last nights episode made me cry like three times! Whoa...hormones
Hey Steve. How have you been lately?
After SEO success we better start doing what we are helping companies do... SMO!!!!
Did you know that over half of the United States' entire fish supply - half of 10 BILLION pounds every year - comes through #Seattle?
yo come over
how about the TV ratings. MLS issues in recent years has not been game attendance
Wisdom from a mom of a special needs child: “Sometimes we just have to know we’ve done our best and hope his Angel is watching the rest”
Let everyone know. Register asap
Tonight is Wig Out at the Bordello in L.A. with a dress to impress Ragtime theme!
Christians have as much right as anyone else to share an opinion. With everything that happens God has a reason for it.
#Avengers! So excited!
Nothing like good 'ol Hot Rod.
Joshua "if you can't feed one hundred feed one"
i'm sorry, there must be somethign wrong with your phone. It meant to type "Greatest Man Alive" but said punk instead. Go to Verizon
If you're up and at 'em this early, you probably have an 8am class...perk up your morning by voting on WIN for HCwfu's #homecoming nominees!
Going to a nickelback concert in 5days....I still wish it was an Austin Mahone concert <3
One hour until the next movie >
On break at work, just like 5ish more hours to go, yaaay :D
Sleeping in storms>>>
I am officially done with biology and I could not be happierr!!!! :)
65% of #Apple's revenue comes from products that didn't exist 4 years ago Carroll
Thanks! I'm non-denominational. :)
feels as though he should tweet more, feels as though he should do more than grade first
Craig Kimbrel will mow the shit outta the #Brewers in the 9th.
Will do! Thank you.
hopefully your BEST move.
Welcome to the mind of a maniac
Hey from Kentucky . Hope you get to feeling better😊
did #occupy mn get the best of you? haha...
it's the truth in writing. I didn't say it, it's on the NCAA website
#NYC was fun, headed back to #Bmore via
oh true! xD
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you: Matthew 7:7
"E.T. The Extra Terrestrial" was written during breaks between shooting for "Raiders of the Lost Ark."
why your i'n a funny mood
I don't know... a few hundred million bucks would buy a lot of blood doping equipment.
Weekend audio comedy - www.freekshowradio.com
Good morning grads! It's a beautiful day for commencement.
If the world is my playground, I'm running up the swirly slide first.
awe thanx doll! lets never loss it! we'll be in our 60's still partyin it up! LOL
“: ID HAS BEEN FOUND AT BENCHMARK!! ” THANK GAWDDDDDDD!!!!!
I will tell you in the morningg
Restless whatever!
is the man. . . for his time and place.
24 day 2 enjoy my beautiful town, thank you Milwaukee for everything you did for me! By the end, I was made to perform in bigger scenarios!
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs, but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. -G.S. Patton
#KingDomoWould brag about getting a class ring .
I'm ugly bc my face isn't perfect,I'm a push over bc I like making people happy..
: I saw this posted tonight on Newsweek. Florida has the most electoral votes.. & read Ron stepped down, endorses Mitt now...
I guess it doesn't matter what time it is since it's always dark out anyway, j/k, hahah! What's first on your agenda?
I still have yet to spend time with I don't like this :((
yes very hott! New luxury magazine for Detroit DM me your email for.an invite to the launch party at Aston Martin
wow, retention is not answer as a former hs principal, leads only one direction. Efforts should focus on the Whatever takes approach
RT Julian Van Winkle in the house. People are ready for that bourbon!
before you comment on the big bang, have you tried studying physics and cosmology?
Richard put clean sheets on the bed and I checked the beer supply. Prep work complete! :-)
how about you come help me clean up dickface
I wonder of checked his email yet..!!
Time for the gym with
Pink and green is a winning combination
Happy Mothers Day to all the real Mothers that hold IT down!!!!
has the best party rules.
Wanna drive someone in your life crazy? Go out for Chinese, and then rip up your fortune cookie fortune without reading it.
Romney was a bully in high school: forcibly cut gay student's hair. Maybe he found it too attractive. . .
you couldn't make me one?
walk,talk, the whole 9 im blairing this out cuz its time to feel the real of las vegas stand up dont follow me stand on be side me
something tells me the next two weeks are gonna fucking rock.
that should be more directed at that's a crazy bitch driving :D
why are you a spoiler MrsBrady?
The videos I make when I'm drunk
Thank you for my very first introduction to the (apparently quite infamous) Clothespin. I will use the informations wisely.
Hey everybody it's me Mason guest tweeting on the way to baseball practice. what's this about buying a park?
In London :) #harrypotterwalkingtour here I come! oh yeah :)
I'll be broadcasting from lunch 2day. Lots of Blazers staff (basketball & business) scheduled 2 join me on 12-3PT
"i'd cross the world for someone like you"
thank you so much<3
I'll take them calling the game because of rain & put the #redsoxs into the playoffs. If that is done, a difficult PR situation for MLB
Ted Baker swag
Love those tiles. Peeked at your website & bookmarked to return to when I have time to peruse. Looked cool!
At the Reginald Lewis Museum yesterday, over 800 people attended the Black Male Identity project closing event--broke a record at the museum
Shout-out to ! MT : . . . tomorrow's #ffmuse spotlights museums in Birmingham, AL. What's your favorite?
Agree he wasn't at 100 percent, but felt he was trying to do something which was more than others at that point
If you thought that, you'd be showing more grace than the good rev seems to be doing.
Halftime 4A sectionals FRanklin Central 25, New Pal 21
"The moose says your closed, I say you're open." ~Clark W. Griswold.
Classic jinx tweet. 1 run game.
Can't wait til I get put on!
Show tomorrow with at the walk for hunger in downtown Boston sponsered by ! Hope to see u there! (:
To my #lovelyfriends: I miss the touch that comforts me in times of despair. I miss every part of a second I spent with you.
RT : lol @ forever the sickest kids ripping off the fastest kids alive
Sleeping with sirens<3
Highlight appears to be the best and newest app coming out of SXSW...I'm going to try it now...
I don't like Diaz, but he's one hell of a fighter. His cardio and BJJ are outstanding, and he's got some mean boxing. Well rounded fighter
I'm starting to like the color pink lol. (surprising)
but who'd ST go for in the Dem primary?
I miss you sister, so much. we really need to tlk and catch up!!
"The more love, The more love" remember to breathe, Give, forgive, recieve, rejoice, smile and truely live!!!!
#top10Lies I didn't see your chat message on Facebook...
So Erin and I got our first hate massage on our 1D blog. Turns out or hater is an AC fan. Clearly I'm going to have fun with this
Thorstein Veblen~ No one travelling on a business trip would be missed if he failed to arrive.
Unexpected sex is the BEST!!
Friday flashback jam: The High - "Box Set Go"
hey roc I'm amy but you can call me emeila for long
Hope feels better soon. 😘
Great job Lester and great job by the pen. Go Sox...How ya liking Bobby V when the Sox pitch the way they should
Happy birthday !
woops. But hey, I saw past it all, remember? and I mean, I clearly still thought you were cool enough to date.
I'm sure you can sneak out for a quick second!!! If you bring him a cup I'm sure he'll be fine with it :-D
Many thanks & for your sweet re-tweets.
Happy New Year, tweeps!
Boy, I sure am glad that's not me. he thought, reading his Twitter feed
thank you!!!!! Have a beautiful morning!!!
Gahhh I love him. Especially this song!! 😍💗
I am still not watching.... GO BUCKY!
aw, thx! i can email my talk to you if want...
i <3 your new music video for u Smile but i think that girl should be me ;) it was still cute though!
oh please. If Soler & Backe don't lift hardware this season, they're out. There was pressure before... It hasn't changed.
They're right. I'm not one of their viewers now.
Can someone go get falafels for me real quick
This guy just poked me... The fuck?
I love folks who insist on opening tabs even though I tell them the show is ending in 15 minutes. Really? You're trying to forget your card?
thank a ton brother!! I really appreciate the love man!
Bigger issue was LA blew a 7pt lead w/ 2 min left. OKC played like SHIT in the 2nd half an still won. Not a good sign for Kobe nem..
Did your argument w/ result in a correct answer on the midterm? Or is Bryan dumber for having read your answer too?
“: If two people are happy together, then leave them to it. It's THEIR lives.”
2 things I need to discuss with all you twatters out there about my drive to STL:
Cheating a bit to put PL-era Barnes on the left flank—but then again, he'd do more just standing there than the others would moving.
s/o to my new follower.. (dont know who he is, but seems kinda awesome) lol
My baby didn't come c me :( there's always 2moro mornin
But I miss my friends):
Oh, how I wish was laying beside me right now. I want her to scratch my back so I can sleep.. ❤
A1 (doubt) pt 2...and ask me @ this tomorrow: my 2nd novel ms is being read for 1st time at a workshop - eek
sweet! My new series! I was afraid cuz atlantis sucked. lol. anything else I might have missed out on that you are digging?
#3WordsForYou You are amazing.
that book...ah...I need to get it! I have not forgotten my beautiful friend.
RT : The term "genius" gets tossed around loosely. Not in this case, he was truly a genius. RIP JD Salinger
there are various calculators that can tell you how many calories you burn, but the question is how many calories should you burn
Only if it were to become reality. I guess its a sign. 😳
We look forward to her joining our learning community at St. John's. Professor Charles Wankel
not at this point? Just looking for candidates and referrals. Want me to toss your name in?
rose water? - Andrea is making baklava. /// zester, get one of the microplanes. best to be had. - Will keep that in mind. Thanks
That awkward moment when you think you're a funny twitter account
my tweets are delayed on this phone. I thought u left already so i biked down here
the site looks GREAT!
Right now Andrew is about to make me hurl! I think hubby turns that show on just to get to me...he is evil!
Sitting here writing my sociology term paper, eating peanut butter, and listening to music. Yep, I'm cool. Haha. :-)
#UScaredMeWhen When every time you look at me everyday's a Holloween for you
'The Most Volatile Republican Race in Decades' Is Actually Well Settled
sorry sent to Norway same day, they got theirs but one to Germany is also still in transit.
haha love u too! And yes!!! You would LOVE and
Samsung&#39;s new smartphone debuts in London
if you find out could you please tell me? i'll do the same x
I love leaving the window open at night. Goodnight froggies.
Green means Go!
Diablo 3 is sweet, and I do not mind waiting for the patches! Great game! Awesome work, you guys are doing a great job!
A lot of girls wanna be with the cutest boys but can't take the all the female attention that comes with em ..
Still decided to run it and had a blast. The Green Bay marathon is very good ! Posted a PR at 3:21. Finishing in Lambeau Field is awesome.
Insane lines at concessions at amc southlands too. I guess the didn't realize they needed to staff this weekend. Super lame.
If we have to TEACH someone how to be human, he is the WRONG PERSON to be President.
you'll be okay:)
Someone should let SPIN know. He's also a greater guitarist than Clapton, Hendrix, Page, Slash... SPIN is now 4Chan.
but it's my go-to problem with serious games, and I probably got it from Frank?
A virus sweeping through daughter's school. Not pretty. Blech.
Waiting to see Alvin Ailey. So excited!!!!!!
Taking shots of Regret and Throwing up Morals!
i will bike on the side walk if i want to! i will ONLY bike on the sidewalks if i wanted to! get ur dogs out of my way or i will run em over
Happy Mothers Day to all you wonderful moms out there :)
all I did was Photoshop a cupcake on some pinup photo
You can also watch the debate on.......N B C!
and it only understands english, so it thought I said do some asian suppose lucky
I can read the future ;)
There's a furries convention downtown... saw a fox and then a wolf.
Your retarded lol
can't wait for AEPi's Couture for the Cure philanthropy and Tacos and Torah at 5pm tonight!
*Crying* *thinking of something sad* *starts crying more*
Thanks for making Jamaicans home and abroad so very proud..we love you..God bless
A lot of dudes be goin nowhere fast
A fake #Tebow twitter account is fooling a lot of media tweeters. The only real account is the verified account!
Goodnight all! (: Remember, always be thankful for life. "Stay Gold" <3
and failure was something that was invented just to keep us going.
Respect all things that are placed upon this earth - whether it be people or plant
It's been almost a year since I broke my foot. I can still feel the pain. Especially this week. I hate you rain!
"Schemin just like the preacher in church he sellin hope" 😳 Meek is nasty
Use critical social theory to inform how we think abt teaching IL— ask how & why we teach what we teach, contextualism
First day on the new job!
"with security comes... pain." -- Sam
Appraise war in terms of the fundamental factors. The first of these factors is moral influence.
That homeless person that asks for something to drink, yup, that's
A half-bottle of expensive scotch later, we've got raw footage for 2 new thank you videos
Enroute to Vegas!!!
Working on a new Geek of the Week post!
I wanna get on Ustream again. But last time our viewers were scaring us :x. But I really wanna sing for y'all so might try again #Zaona :)
"No! Just do it like I did!" ~me teaching my dog how to poop on my neighbors front porch.
Collaboration is important in building a dream. Don't think you can do it alone. The pie is big enough for all of us, or we'll make more pie
If you'd like to talk about it sometime, let me know. When my book comes out, I think it'll help you a lot!
Thank you for the
Everybody do the Drogba. Chelsea are FA Cup Champions.
Nothing quite like a productive Saturday evening at home.
Yea, old school sykora in the HOUSE! Right through the legs!!! #thatshowwedoit #NHLPlayoffs cc:
Good morning everyone c:
haha! It was watery and salty, but pretty good actually. I'd definitely have more
S3 If your target-customer is not being redefined and you aren't firing customers as you grow, i believe biz is failing
Damn, a car done flipped over over on university an merril rd.Shit crazy
great! One of our clients will be having a product launch at the show. Will email you. cc/
Tension remains high in the primary mortgage market as mortgage rates have extended their losing streak.
I don't eat beans, and i don't like green. I don't eat lean, and i don't sound mean. I don't show seams, and i don't cook or clean. I am....
thanks :) luckily, so does the client :) gotta give it some weight tho.. feels a little too wispy..
Ours meows back at us when we tell him no.
You're welcome! Glad to do it.
Lot of empty seats for a playoff game in Atlanta. Then again this game has been fucking awful so far.
The dreams I've had last night <<<<<<
Omg this game... I might actually be enjoying basketball except if the bulls lose, then I'll go back to my ambivalence.
Ok, trying to breath. Need to recharge iPad and maybe some calming hot tea...
Happy Birthday Lady gaga, who gives a flying fuck... there r more important things then some singers bday.
i'm taking a greyhound bus there 1D 5 hr trip its worth it though.
No one in my class does lol. I at least do something productive (flvs) while everyone plays games and watches shows.
Let's do this
Camera Fun Time: Shoot the approach. Be it a friend, family member, or pet, take some shots or vid starting 100 ft away til closeup. Voila!
what a game! Who's your EPL team? Also I got the Anders tix
Back in the heart of it all. Never thought I'd be so thrilled to see the Cleveland skyline or my good ol' LeBaron.
They're being given several times today. Typically we offer longer group tours once a month. Send us your e-mail if interested!
School improvements noted as a reason for why families are staying in Baltimore //t.co/yfjEzGEg
: yikes! Worried my battery is getting low too. #livechats are rough
Twitter won't let me follow anymore people until more people follow me. What kind of twit is that?
You obviously don't want me in your life anymore.
5:55am flight to the Carolinas for meetings & I haven't packed my suitcase...that's rock n roll, right? #NEWMUSICCOMINGSOON!
I guess I am pretty lucky meeting aren't I! Let's go #Packers!!
RT : For the next hour, I do believe #MediaChat with , will be the center of the Universe.
Free fruit salad, piece by piece, from sushi place, free shots of tequila at mexican bar,
Cuddle time with my love bugs! Outtie tweeties, Xo 😌😘💤
RT : RT : Yes, yes, but what if gay chickenhawks want to use contraception? #nhdebate (don't send this to George)
Happy New Year everybody!!... 2012 will be bringing A LOT of new changes so stay tuned and thank you for the continued support! ;)
420 followers.. a milestone! =)) we love you Real people out there. Honesty is a virtue.
": Hola Mike how are u ?
Continue fighting the good fight
remember me? Haha :) your biggest fan. Ever. :D
Great run tonight guys. RT : Heading to for geeks who drink trivia! Got to keep up the momentum.
“: #Aquarians have very strong opinions, although they are very willing to hear what the other side has to say."
I so hope Rockin' Roots happens. If not there's always Warped Tour. BUT I WANNA MEET MY BBY
Seriously. come to dallas.
at kaiser for some routine tests, nurse to me: "you look like you won't take no bull. You look tough". Rawr!
I'm glad that you ran, next year will be great!
Alright, I'm out.
"According to the public records website, there's a female sexual offender within 5 miles of my house....Time to get laid!"
what's the address bro?
Thanks for RTing my post. :)
I received a lottery ticket from as a gift and the next few hours of fantasizing were truly worth more than $1.
Equally excited about snazzy new touch-screen digital signage in lobby AND addition of cheese sticks to cafeteria menu (!!)
I see. He's calling for tougher lobbying laws. That's rich. Not as rich as he got breaking the law, but still rich.
Happy Thanksgiving UC Peeps!!!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 84
Workshops have a role in concert w/team collaboration, coaching&ind learning
You likey that blog?! It's not ours by the way.
While I'm in the mood for shoutouts...I love all my Emerge family! From the 407 to the 813. hands down the best people in the world.
:-) at least someone thought it was funny
Reading the China Study by T. Colin Campbell. Mindblowing.
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm scared of midgets
Maria and Skyler from are revealing the gelato flavor and contest winners!
this noise is driving me insane. i might commit halloween
I SAW IT ON ITUNES AND IT WAS FREE SO I GOT IT AND I LOVE IT.
Thanks for the follow, , #ifollowedback!
Walked aroung the outside of the new museum in Warsaw yesterday. The exhibition is going to be outstanding!
orpiks knee on knee wasnt intentional. Play game sometime and ud see it. Penalty yes, he got it. Suspension, not a chance.
I know! I'm not taking my nerve drugs for exactly that fear. Gross.
Primehouse's hold music is Massive Attack Protection. This I can get down with.
I feel you. I haven't wanted to spend the money so I kept avoiding it. Had to go this year & was totally killed by the bill
No school on Thursday or Friday & Wednesday is a half day!!!! #Yess Friday is also Kennywood Day!!!
the Scream It Like You Mean It tour would have a catch. Too good to be true (-_- ')
2012 Work Plan, which involves increasing number of parking spots is being discussed
No doubt there. Stubbs barely moved.
RT Don't let your learning lead to knowledge; let your learning lead to action. - Jim Rohn
Paul Clutch Pierce!
why thank you! I love it!
Earth Science = Useless. When am I ever going to use the knowledge of "Igneous rocks" in my life? Answer: Never/
Jwr_06 most politicians are. Tell you what you wann hear but they don't care about the people
awesome! How's the view?
that's cold RB
when I quickly glanced at this I cracked up! I thought it was going to be a crushing hit on mark giordano of the
The Seed Mix tape is Coming Soon from Kenny Kapone from BMB Records
#HOLLA : Birthday dinner with friends and family. Thanks for organizing! (@ Hose 22 Firehouse Grill)
yall niggas is cutting up.... im just tryin eat
Welcome to Emma and My Road to Health! Thanks for your support.
Those who love their job would do it for free when possible. Those who say it won't
We now have more than 1,000 followers on Twitter! Thank you for supporting the American Botanical Council!
Thank you !! I love the pic on your site's homepage... beautiful! RT . thank you for following me. Love your logo!
maybe it's a hot dog grabber lol
“: There's three levels of smooth; smooth; silky smooth; and Steely Dan"
The first Mardi Gras, which means "Fat Tuesday" in French, took place in New Orleans in 1827.
Love+hate=jealousy.
“ I think I wanna take a walk...lol but its a little too late for that. It will definately happen at some point tomorrow.”
Happy TGIF! Still time to Glamorous #Weave full Sewin only $75 Get the latest cuts Need a good Flat Iron #Braids Updo?! Walkins are Welcomed
Broke my fucking bracket twice in 1 and half months
BTW, The no zoning interview is with a nationally syndicated tv show that's v. cool. They asked us not to mention their name before filming.
are you at the peaks???
we should grab a cup of coffee next time Im in NYC. Not your UI guy but I think we share video visions of granjer.
Great night, but still an uphill climb. Here's to Friday.
#NF those beautiful ass
word, I'll see you there I'm sure.
Bitch stop shooting the breeze and come into the operation room. I can hear you and I just wanna get this over with.
Launched two sites today. Nice to see projects come to a close.
Seneca Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, concerned citizens can change world
OMG the shrimp!
Or the one you were talking about that one seems more fit for the kids Bowleros might end up being to late of a time for kids
Don't let Life happen to you make Life happen FOR you!
Ahh I LOVE my new heels:)).
Two more days of work then off to the lake for some bass fishing... don't forget beer and wings!
2pm! Expecting a large crowd, so if u come, come early...
When the flat top feller speaks, u listen. Now following RT : #BBN lets give a warm welcome to our newest wildcat !
Agreed. One wonders about the article's genesis--it sure has a distinct p.o.v. And no perspective from LT is a shonda.
EveRY sINgle WOrds SHE is taLkiNG is frICKinG anNoying. caN u juST sHuT A fUCk UP?????????
POP, LOCK AND DROP IT!
With recent murmurs that Facebook's apps are moving away from html, is team: /instagram slated to work on FB iOS/Android?
just when we started running to it... RT nyti.ms/o4ZeZF Edgar Allen Poe's house is in trouble
Thank you for the #FF. Honored to be in all your company, wow!
(Aldous Leonard Huxley) Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him.
whatever helps, nerdbert :)
Is it against MLB drug policy to have Just For Men in the dugout?? Cuz Maddux gotta keep that stache lookin' tight!
I miss My bby :( , Finna Kick Off My Shoes & Chill
Once but not intentionally
(con't) ... among male hacker audiences, rape allegations met w/ skepticism, (phony) claims of 'radical' Sw. feminist law.
Woul someone tell JR Smith to stop shooting threes?
just saw my graduation video... I can't believe high school is over.
i love twatter.
would you like some sun? because your #shady as fck
President Clinton just showed up the #TheVoice watch party here at the White House...now the party can REALLY get started...
LOL...yeah...I've been missing the Twitter banter...'bout time I get back to it.
we are too!
Glad you enjoyed the call! Notes from the call will be posted to ACM's Members Only web site in the next couple of weeks.
my mom received both of her degrees from Depaul University after I turned 12.
Hey! Ya I just emailed you back. Sorry it took me a little while...I've been super busy lately! See u tomorrow at Boot Camp!
After the restart up to P5!
A bit rhetorical, but still.
just doesnt understand twitter.. is it like facebook's update thing???
this love is a sure thing <3
its niether good or bad in my eyes, its life.
Downside to hosted software services: timeline control, lack of customization, aggravated internal communication issues, costly.
“: Who else hates their recorded voice?”
alrighhh you still want me to see if I can go to clite w/ y'all ?
Just saw a family with mom, dad, daughter and baby all dressed up as bees, complete with wings and antennae. A. DOR. A. BLE.
You can have the evidence right in front of you, but if you can't imagine something that has never existed before, it's impossible
I've seen it on YouTube. It was rough.
Here we go, free One Direction tickets at 99.7 NOW!
My guy! RT : John Hammond on a possible contract ext. for Brandon Jennings: "it's not something we have to do."
n Jay couldnt pronounce her last name. I was Like cmon man
Happy Mother's Day to All the Mom's out there!!!
You cant just bribe me with promises of craft beer and cheap sex... oh wait
Amanda Knox prosecutors accused of wasting public money: Daily Telegraph reports
NaLee mermaids, mystery, mayhem, a private island full of secrets and a private island full of secrets
we'll do our best
its hard to explainbut its like this guy can see ghost idk lol
Confusing, nail-biting, frustrating game from beginning to end for fans of both teams. We have Chris Paul, though. That's it.
Dam so #WhatBrowardHoesSay is trendin its now im loggin on twitter
Oh ageless I am sorry I ever doubted you as the halftime show.
I love applesauce:))so delicious:))
I hear it's some dude named 's birthday....Maybe I should give a hint on a surprise I have for SoJo....It's happening next week ;)
DON'T GO
RT: : Oprah's last show- What can I say about Oprah that she hasn't already said about herself?
Discussing different medication (stimulants, antidepressants, etc) & dosing strategies for the different ADHD subtypes at www.addforums.com.
Romney: "'Even Jimmy Carter' would have ordered bin Laden attack". Translation: Dems are tough!
that number is the amount that I have listened to a track by Elliott Smith in the last 6 years. that averages 9.69 tracks/day
screaming YES YES YES YES like im in a fucking herbal essence commercial! Lol
Now that is full of crap because NOBODY knows when the world is going to end...
I have the best office and coworkers. I love
What a man! Mike Brown building tables & a "hot tub time-machine" for the restaurant.
will have his hand raised after the fight
. Did I tell you and I saw the Orioles on Sunday -- looks like my losing streak from last season is over!
I want it to be real to the point it's unbelieveable.
I've postulated inverse Moore's Law on lagging gov adoption of new tech: WATLY'S Law - "Wave as the train leaves your station"
