there's a reason doesn't follow everybody who asks. he probably doesnt want to kill people from shock. :p
ehh I'll live lol I jut hope it's not broke
Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break. ~Earl Wilson
Just dogs.
be on the look out in the next couple days son
Calkain is feeling the rush to finish year-end N deals. How about you?
Lauren just got cut. Payson told the NGO about her bad heart and they cut her.
Have a safe and fantastic Thanksgiving break! Dip Ball will welcome you back on campus with a Christmas Tree sale on Nov. 28th-Dec. 1st!
haha. I do that all the time.! In fact imma do rite now. Lmfao. :D
Back on the grind, GA hours all day then class tonight
I like a guy who has the same name as someone I know. First and last name. Weird!!!
rack city
Started the day off right by watching WAKING LIFE for the first time. Very ambitious movie, could have been a train wreck, wasn't.
My hair is doing terrible things. I think it's time for bed...
our boy = swag
They say I'll never be good enough, sometimes it hurts to think it could really be that way...
#KidsOnRace should be mandatory viewing for all parents of school-aged children. Eye opening & educational.
whoa mariney do u WAnt to be on 16 and pregnant or something ?
ixen Happy Friday! ✿
haha, I like this working progress, it works for you(:
You're feeling better I take it! RT : I haz Internet!
Make Her Long for Your Lips
...so forms are a big problem. But yes, it's worth it, in fact the teens EXPECT to share. For some it may be motivation for class.
As a person who works for traditional art, I was very touched to see such a show, which so exquisitely reflects our inner world.
Where the fat chicks at?
I hope u get your birthday dick for your mouth, pussy and assholle
Bo of course!
Mark Twain observed once that, “It ain’t what you don’t know that gets you into trouble. It’s what you know for sure that just ain’t so.”
LUCID DREAMS JAZZ QUARTET 8:00PM NO COVER Emily Brown - Vocals Matt Romy - Keyboard Jamal Borden - Bass Ben Fowler - Drums
Lol thanks :) RT : #ShoutOut to for not being as boring as other #Hollister workers(:
aww.. You both are Gorgeous!
GM have a good day at work.
watching Labyrinth right now; thinking of you & :D ♥
I'm sure we'll be in fl soon, what's your facebook so I can add you to our group?
what up my dudee
Shout Out follow him
great story...pulled me in, and to be honest almost none of them do ( too many)
Reading, PA's DID (Downtown Improvement District) is running a Scavenger Hunt on the Corridor. Awesome event last year. Count us in.
yes!!! Or we can meet to discuss your progress in depth. Over bellinis.
Could possibly love our music even half as much as we lover hers?
Ha-ha RT : If a fat dude has a ponytail there's a 128% chance that he also has a wizard sword hanging on his bedroom wall.
Parent of a 3rd grader and 5th grader requests: "I urge you and humbly request that you will reconsider the FLES cuts."
oops I read it wrong lol
HI i just ant to let you know that ur my idol and i just got into a huge fight with my sister to get your poster well three. C:
You're doin great!! So good to see you!!
i cant belive you actually spread mayo all over your face .__. thats nasty ! #youdoingtherefrigeratordance is funny
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please :) You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented ♥ Loove Yoou Soo much
We young niggas, we just tryna be
"Well done is better than well said."
watch the language lol?
That rule rocks! RT : Ever wonder what Twitter Rule #1 is? Do a Google search for it to find out ;-)
Big thanks to Doug & Brad from for the tickets to Divestock. I always enjoy some good craft brews.
I feel likewi should be listening to 1901 here in az.
that won't work. Already tried this hundreds of times... you need ONE otherwise no adoption
"Siri, what is bologna?"
I cringe every time I send Inside UW, fearing a similar disaster to 30k picky people.
yeah, no clue, no clue
I like the angle of this picture. Where is this at?
Remember that time my pants fit great in the morning...and then I had too much sushi? I do.
YOU CAN ONLY BE LIMITED BY WHO YOU TAKE ADVICE FROM USUALLY IF THEY HATE U THEY HATE THEMSELVES U MAYBE CALLED A LOT OF THINGS B4 U SUCCEED.
Thanks for following guys ..your work looks great
I would buy $10 of Ramen Noodles, which would last me a lifetime.
remember last time I saw you? Me either.....
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!! :)
Thanks, Mitch!
There seems to be a lot of cackling at work today...
Didn't know you were doing commercials now.
great! Thanks!
Glad you were able to resolve everything. If you need help with anything else, please let us know! cc:
been great home for the summer sure take u long to answer ur mentions lol what u been up too hope not drama
what up, iphone.
There is always club music playing in my head 24/7.. I <3 club music.
Nice to meet you! Who do momanage?
Hope everyone enjoyed the I.U.P.U.I. Regatta! Our next event is NEXT Thursday. Be sure to RSVP on Facebook!
Gave #Guts to loved one who has struggled with addiction, and she read it all last night. Thx for a funny, personal memoir.
it is said: life is a journey, not a guided tour.
Overheard in the library last night - 1L to 1L: "So why are we using CALI in Virginia"?
Thanks for the follow Great to learn about you from www.lauragainor.com.
supposedly, blip.fm plans to source high quality mp3 content from grooveshark.com.. hope so.. they say they're working on it!
. says the game is evolving and getting safer, but will never be completely safe
Do you listen to music when getting ready in the morning? What's your favorite tune while you polish your pearly whites?
I love you and you're head is on straight, just don't let yourself get the best of you.
Parent speaking from CL19 also supports FLES!! YES!!
Great natural lighting in the yoga photos!
Dang you ! That's my third purchase this month! My checkbook is going to kill me!
I was laid off and need a job! Anyone know companies hiring in the Frederick/Hagertown area of Maryland??
Just dropped parents off at the airport. Me and my little brother have the whole house to ourselves.
The guy who just delivered our pizza recognized me and knew UFB...WTF??!! Haha
Derby Day! May 2012 save the date!
If you seek to defend yourself against an illegal home invasion by anyone, police or criminal, you should NOT be held accountable!
HOW BOUT THEM LAKER FAKERS!!!! LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL WHERE YOU AT??????
When did you start running and what about running makes you like it so much???
i know, Sue. By the time police got there, the crowd had scattered. that's why no arrests.
damn still in the holy Moses Hole. Does Frank wanna move there yet?
I'm obsessed with all 4 of them. Lol
Jobs market seems to be picking up.
#YouKnowDamnWell how I feel :-)
So many creeps on the LA news attacking girls..with the variety of weapons I own I'd LOVE one of those skeezes to try me. News makes me mad.
Call me and when I pick up you hang up -__- Okay then...
Anthony Zoccholilo is on "Mama's Boys" on TLC and our air tonight at 5pm, 7pm reality television hero, san diego bum
My mom just told me that when i was little this lady.named Mrs. Shirley kept me. This girl named Kelly had took this boys toy that i liked
we had to do that once too. This one is ya books, snacks and just for fun.
We will be open until 10pm tonight, but don't be afraid to call in large party orders, which we will deliver until 11. Happy New Year!!!
want to meet one of Baltimore's future tech leaders? get to know -- he is an up and coming rock star!
Happy birthday!
Awwe , 's sister looks cute ^_^
Yes! Also @ RT : We can't forget RT #FF Sharpies
being a tuna and listening to the Smashing Pumpkins ~
Love you.. Follow Someday.
We're open! Come on down to the Market. 1 Park Blvd Downtown SD 9am-6pm
Keep it up Lucas, and you might be getting the game ball
Nothing against Walmart mind you, but the thought buying groceries one aisle over from the underwear dept. I find a bit disturbing :/
Cinecraft is looking for Account Manager, Project Manager, Bookkeeper, and an Instructional Designer! Email me if you know someone!
***turns on equipment*** {electric buzz sound}.... [logs off twitter]
lmao my brother weighs MORE than me and leo put together....
Legit value. Though I'd be open to offers if someone wants to get stupid for him.
I think I'm going to pick up a Fruit & Maple Oatmeal this morning from McD's and a Premium Roast Coffee to get my day started off right!
Lol! Oh yeah, That would be awesome! :D (Lol I wasn't thinking of anything..I was confused for a second there.) Sorry about..
Wow RT : Since Monday, Josh Hamilton has same number of HR as Padres, Royals, Astros, Giants, Tigers & Rockies COMBINED
Scene one: girls head gets chomped off Scene two: they cook the baby over a slow fire
Interim Dir. Steve Shaffer of Uncle Remus: Importance is money, and money is important.
Sometimes I love driving like a bat outta hell
Grandmother dancing with her 10 year old grand son.pre- Teen troupe in full greek dance regalia, yummy food.
LB () "Mobile for us is critical. The fan that uses a mobile device comes three times more often than our web user."
yeah me too haha. it would save money I think
hopefully to let them stanks breathe.
That dress is fierce guuuurl!
On the road! Iowa here we come!! Missing my girl,
go go
wow, really? crazy vegetation rules-who knew?!
Birds and cats living together in harmony! Check out Constance Guisset's Duplex habitats ! Love the design & concept of unity
in hollywood they would pay you a thousand dollars for your kiss but 50 cent for your soul ....
You better not miss another...
WOW I would have loved to be a fly on the wall! Tell your girls I miss them!
RT : 'The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong" - Mahatma Gandhi
Hot Chocolate!
I am a good person. I help out my neighbors,friends & family. Some people take a advantage of good people.
Happy #FF (back home in San Diego edition)! , , , ---> Have a wonderful weekend!
Random trips to Joe's with #Spontaneity at its best.
Shopshop.com adds feminine elegance in all of the bridesmaid dresses in stock
too bad my phone doesn't support oovoo :-(
Oops, I almost forgot.
I'm trying to remember why I loved you so much...because now, I'm at a loss where that's concerned. SMH
I'd be disappointed if it was.
Norton--can't just scan must add value: name finding. BHL
I have lost my appetite
Happy Mothers Day Momma 💜 I love you so much!
Time for Batman! *does the batman voice*
'history of the other side' hahahaha.
I don't want to get out of bed.
Yet another reason to work RT : Confirmed. Chipotle in Canton's Can Company will open March 15th.
Why? Why? Why? Why? : Sam Dalembert's 2-year deal w/ Houston pays $7M in '11-12, w/ team option for $7M in '12-13
Say Swag one more time -______-
they had french accents! why can't we?!
Please no. Please make it stop. Somehow.
I'll be there! RT : So excited to attend #IHOW with our rising star on November 2!
It is going to be a strange night personally ... first Tuesday night I don't gig since July + election night. Hope to play on Recall night.
Passive attribution tagged on at the end of a sentence should be made obsolete, said I.
no way?!? ;-) girl if you have to stay the night give a ring so i can be the bodyguard and you Whitney Houston! ;-)
Just sent the invite for the Halloween 80's themed Cardio Thai Box class! Get your spandex and headbands ready!
i know the feeling...
aww i do have some fond feelings for earthlink. that was my dad's ISP for many years.
what's louis my killa?
Does your business need more referrals?
"ugh keep talking... I'm fingering myself to your voice" as long as you're into it ... dudes from vagina and has a vagina
Open calls at #Emerge start in 30min! See you then!
u play soccer?? Lol I didn't know tht :) well GOOd LuCK :)))
What the fuck? I didn't know Gabby had a twitter! Hack by Giovanni her lover haha Love you Nigga Lips
Appellate Case 2.: The sheriff definitely overstepped his boundaries. He should be monitoring the inmates, not harassing them
That does sound like a good time!
How are you enjoying your Sunday? Do you work, spend time with family? We want to know!
I know it's Friday and it's very special to so many of you -- but for me -- everyday feels like a Friday..BUT..I work seven days a week..LOL
RT Got my mom a kindle fire(:
This Song is Griz' - Mortal Wombat - Sounds About Right - #wobble - hashtagthis - Sand Chtune - Empirically Speaking - Gri(m)z
your not alone I'm here just Rt-ing you :)
hey guys! Wherever u r, tune into the tony & kris morning show.I may be featured on there for my #NICKELBRA for Wow Wednesday! :
time for some Dashboard training with
When tragedy befalls you, don't let it drag you down. Love can cure your problems. You're so lucky I'm around
RT : I love the world RT : BTW: The director of the D.C. Dept. of Health was, for a few years, a guy named Dr. Vigilance
let's give them something to talk about
lets go
Make your product easier to buy than your competitors, or you'll find your customers buying from them, not you.
Headline glosses over reality that OLA seems to, despite its best efforts otherwise at times, still have broad support in all communities.
Well just got kicked out of the library
We are three weeks into January! What New Year's Resolutions did you make? Have you stuck with it?
If you see me smiling while walking on campus, rest assured that I'm in full roast-mode in my head.
Dance Is The Answer kicks off 4/15! Free and discounted events in the DC Metro area. Check it out. www.danceistheanswer.org
#EdCampME is just 2 weeks away! Are you ready?
Fox Providence and Rhode Show interviews then DJing tonight. Crazy day!
ok I will
can I get a follow
Yep--it just kicked me out and won't let me back in...
What a Jolt! Did you feel that!
“: Blocked. And yes, I forward all stuff like this to the authorities... Always progressive males. ..." U should. No excuse.
Ya'll "knights in shining armour" can keep rushing to the rescue of those basic chicks. You'll forever be a prince, aching to be a king
When U grow up err body tells U that U want 2 B the Boss (U know the 1n Control) U figure that means U get 2 do what ever U want 2 Do
cost effective IT <> effective IT
#wine fact: Yeast consumes the sugars in the grapes and converts them into alcohol.
Ah 90 dollars at the gas pump!
National Aviation Academy was featured this morning on News Channel 8 WFLA. Thanks Leigh Spann for a great story on careers in aviation.
Yep, can't turn down free cookies!
Our Newark office is open today from 8-5. No appt needed for glasses. 315.331.5721. Hope to see you there
I ride around I get it
The Movie Sense officially gives #MidnightInParis the Red Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
Cameron got his school pics back today.... They're so cute! 😍
RT : Some great #SESNY blog posts this year from ”
I know! It stinks! I think you should move your panel to Tues!!
also just realized I bet that bird tells her when it has to go to the bathroom
We have season seats 3rd row 1st balcony. Gave up ballet & symphony for show series. Enjoying very much.
Nice set for Sunday! Looking forward to it!
I didn't like the way the world looked this morning so I changed my perspective
Look! There's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual going on!
Christian schools should be mission outposts training students to reflect the glory of Christ, not strongholds in which to hide.
is she still talking?
Making out with me doesn't give you the right to tell me about your video game
I actually want to go to school tomorrow. Excited to hear everyone's prom stories!
One girl had me thinking crazy,looking at me like she wanted to rape me
what are you studying?
I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work. -Thomas A. Edison
The lapdance you get when someone walks by at the movies
UK SUCKS BUT T JONES KEPT HIS WORD!! BOUGHT UOFL CHEERLEADER FLOWERS HE FLATTENED......
Just went to the most INTENSE puppet show. Kids were booing & cheering like it was a wrestling match. And I'll admit, I shed a few tears.
Wow, sounds like a great trip. Learn anything that would make a good story topic?
I keep looking at my calender hoping it will motivate me to want to go to school and finish strong but...its not working lol.
Would like to say Thank you to all of our new and current followers! Thank you!
what u doing in my world de twitter?
First F-bomb of the conference. In regard to ebooks.
at #yelphelps ! Having a poptastic time passing out snacks to the yelpers!
I got it back.
Hooray! We got some of the rain we needed!!!! Free massage for Mother Nature!
What can I say?
that sounds delicious
Great #KYACAC2012 conference this week in Northern Kentucky. Good people and good information.
cool! that's great!
Wild, crazy, awesome novel that doesn't get read enough: Michelle Cliff's No Telephone to Heaven
Westboro Baptist Church, the driving voice of the
What are you doing in New York?
I know I even remember how your rude ass ain't give a fuck n bounce from the post if they was late dfl
I agree. I'm pretty sure they just listen to whatever there leaders tell them. Not much independent thinking going on over there
Goldmans closed down!
pics are on the way
Awh you know me so well ;D
Double sexual thriller movie night. Sex, Lies and Videotape followed by Mulholland Drive. Why not???
MN bound... Excited to be reunited with and
I hit you arm when mom squished she pushed my arms not everything is my fault emily. And you started it so you knew how it was gonna end.
Dang! Great last minute hustle and opportunity!
Proud of you
The Wanted Emcees first release in a decade. Check out "Wanted the Illist" Official release date April 10, 2012 on I-Tunes, Amazon, CD Baby
Report concludes WingNuts boat was unfit for race in which 2 people died - Detroit Free Press
happy mothers day<3
The only person you can count on never letting you down is yourself and Jesus <3
CIRQUE DU SOLEIL® TO PRESENT EXCLUSIVE ONE-TIME-ONLY PERFORMANCE AT THE 84TH ACADEMY AWARDS®
or try Macy's
I'm great just enjoying my off day and waiting on Rooms 2 Go to finish bringing in my living room furniture.
Your talk at St. Christopher's was beyond inspirational. Thanks for your leadership!
Hmm..imagine that. I'm running today too..and tomorrow haha
Attacking my "To-Do" list.
no but have you ever tried ihop
Good morning! And thank you :-)
I will wake up in 8 hours and start all over, went on a date with an ex agent, and did the most, not a good look..
Q: Why’d the chicken cross the road? A: If it was for anything less than a 55-gallon-drum-sized Slurpee drink, we doubt it was worth it.
my sister keep sayin teach her how to clap her booty...she tryna be way too turnt up for tonite :):) we in thr
Really like #ThinkLikeAMan. Now I definitely want to buy the book.
So much for the Yates tourny. Looking forward 2 the Vype tourny @ Legends next week. We finished 2nd last year. Time 2 try & finish the job.
wtf! #RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
not wanting to lose what you have. but thinking if different could be better
The Silk Tie likes Robert! Vegas Bob, thats a pretty rad name. thesilktie.com
true dat. I just threw away the box for my 3-yr old iMac last week.
HI EVERYONEHOW ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT?
« I wish i could have a saline IV at night to start me off hydrated in the morning. #waterbed»
In FIVE MINUTES we're giving away a Nuclear Dawn code -- want it? Just Tweet at us and #ff RIGHT NOW
SO excited to work with such a great group of brilliant and talented ladies:)
It's the thought that counts. :) RT : yes no kidding, only me can do these mistake right.
Yay! Love it. And you.
team LA lets go
Vitamin String Quartet is definitely a go-to for me - my listening genre has almost gone completely string because of them
yes sir, made them all!
thanks for the shout out! have a great one.
Bravo Leo for putting it out there for us!
Just talked to Lillian on the phone. I love her.
Obvious next question: What is your favorite curse word?
who do I need to talk to in your organization to work with you?
:) Too true RT : When having a "continental" breakfast, I really wish they'd let me choose which continent...
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. -Helen Keller
i'm so sick of you
done and done!
Good Luck today going after 16th Straight win!!
On set with This skit is going to be awesome!
UH Softball game on saturday!! or so i hope..
The two girls next to me are actually passing notes and afraid to do it. What are we five ?
Thanks for the blurb in this months newsletter. We're two weeks away from Beta release of new site!
uh I miss you. I have off tomorrow. Let's do awesome stuff?
:< to you. Heres to hoping we feel better in the morning.
I'd take Neutral Milk Hotel's "In an Airplane over the Sea."
on the way to work. Today's gonna be a good day
yes, he's very lucky! She crocheted him a blanket, too. He loves it.
Oh yeah the fray sucks.
Everyone fits 1 or both profiles:You either ARE a creative pro or UTILIZE WORK from creative pros to do bus. or life. The market needs both.
I need a
ahh what am i reading right now!!!! #SOGOOD i wish it was a real book...
hahahahaha! i love you guys! can't wait for this summer! ;) PARTY AT DA REBZ HIZZLE
Love you...hope you're having a great evening
great will look for it!
wish i had more cream cheese for my bagel.
I think Scratching has enabled a blending of cultures w/ 1 goal: creating new music
Glad to be included with such a great group of followers!
#Nats Harper takes body pitch with comportment and makes Phillies pay by stealing home. That's #NATITUDE!
Shout outs to working on this track with
your always speaking my language
There must be a special place in heaven for guys who go to strip clubs at 1 in the afternoon
be married to one person is hard enough
just want to get on calendar...my schedule is insane!!!
And that's all you're getting from me today, Twitter. I'm home sick and going back to bed.
well gud luck with that!
Bienvenidos a Miami... and the US of A! Time to start flushing TP down the toilet again
All generalizations are bad. - R.H. Grenier
Agreed, very odd, especially with 140,00+ followers!
To hot to be in the heat I go to u 702-882-6007
Avon spent about $93.3 million in '11 on an internal investigation of possible FCPA violations, on top of $95 in '10 & $59 million in '09.
ah stop telling me these stuff cuz then I wanna no...
He's paid to say the things he does, nothing more than a professional troll.
What a gutsy play call by Jim Harbaugh! Saints-32 49ers-36
Happy National Find Out How Goddamned Nerdy Your Friends Really Are Day!
Jennifer Wilson: You will never create a community, you can only empower a community
thanks Jeff and look forward to catching up soon !
forever alone
I think its safe to say.. there will be no softball scrimmage today at olbrich park..
haha sorry. thank you! :)
Hungry and sleepy.
Shout out? I'll return(:
aint nothing same old same old
Enjoying the Member Appreciation Breakfast
Blake Griffin is a "G" on these Kia commercials.
Leaking pipe in Zimmerman Library's basement left some water damage - no collections were harmed. Sorry for the noise and inconvenience!
wasssup? follow me back please :)
Oh, also, what gives with your ancient-ass ordering system? Print out the form and send a check?
So many people keep walking into the same wall when their pets are ill.Pills, shots, surgery. Understand the food/diet connection & fix it.
u are still a stalker 0_0
just wear fro, and save singing for later x
Last day of C2e2. Kids 12 under free! Come on down!
lol see what I mean, y'all keep me laughing, which I enjoy ;)
why yes, yes it would ;)
This is chaz I don't know where fayth went! I can't find her!!!
have you met yet?
It has been my pleasure!
RT : "The miracle God is doing IN you, is far greater than any miracle you can see around you." -
you know you love the shameless pursuit. I imagine that pillow was a little less verbal than I tend to me.
Save me a piece of that swag!!
broken glass enemas are more fun than the cena kane main event match at elimination chamber.
Chad Chritton faces new charges / counts as well
Hahah. Alright. GLAY. I'm going so oldschool with them omg. xDDDD
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro. About to drive to Vegas.
I opened and finished a book at one point and she chatty Cathy'd right thru it...
Try Lynda.com
Love #finecraft posts of Great way to learn
iLove The & Jimmy Fallon #Someday Commercial <3
Now that august rush is trending I just wanted to say the art of getting by is also a fav of mine!!
I guess il sit here all day then, no one wants to do shit with me an won't text back
I have a great job. How much do you love yours? :-)
Terrific audition Grayson.
I'm ok, but my life kind of flashed before my eyes. Can't believe I only lost some paint. Volvo: 1 - Cougar: 0
I have our TW scene ready for you but don't know your contact info. DM it to me?
Thanks for the props!
mu = no class
The Ironbound is a ____________ working-class neighborhood in Newark, New Jersey. a. small b. medium c. large == >> Fill in the blank!
ha yes, forgot to ask/warn you about your server robustness for after the announcement :)
Dutch bros <3
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness
we need more people to watch though
haha awww. well i hope they say yes!(:
you are the sexiest woman alive !!!!!!!!!!!
but your tripping ova something that isn't even true!
Annual Heath Ceramics Bazaar Sun.19th. Featuring Heath, Coyuchi Bedding, Erica Tanov, + a jewelry collaboration btn myself + Heath. 10-6pm.
follow and please :D x17
Happy Mother's Day.
lets not bring github down right as I'm trying to push
Painter can't even make a simple crossing pattern pass. Seriously!!!
we are downloading pics as well. Dm me your email, please send some my way
Citadel students dating feminists? Yeah, that'll happen.
This entire nation is one ski mask and a dufflebag away from making the economy equal again.
o I'll definitely try both of those. I'm here till Wednesday
We are all little kids at heart! RT Having (way) too much fun typing "let it snow" into Google. It just doesn't get old.
June 8 needs to come already so that sophomore year will be officially over
Yes. Very.
Josh Hartnett. Whatever happened to that guy?
You know. A little here. A little there.
you know it
STILL love "Dizzy Up the Girl" by - one my favorite and overplayed CDs from my teenage years :D
Roman Hamrlik's first goal since February 13 comes at the right time.
o, just noticed that added label nesting.
Let's Go COTTO !!!
HoosierTrack is excited to announce a whole new world of broadcasting Indiana high school sports!
hey hey I bought the sweatshirt last month!
Thanks, Olivier! Glad you enjoyed the study. Hope all's well at Le Pan Quotidien.
Todaays Gonna Be A Bad Day , -,-
sweet tea + vodka... Bad idea.
If we value equity, why is it a discretionary budget item?
yea dawg good beats but i ain bout to start payin for beats mane
This is where individuals valuable conversation abilities come in to play
MAD MEN 5.06 'Far Away Places' - Crave Online
everyone follow ----->
Traffic light at 13th & New York NW has been out for upwards of two hours -- you guys know about this?
i really hate the fact that most people have an "i don't give a fuck" mood / attitude
Good morning world! Its mostly beautiful & full of possibilities and examples. Be an inspirational one! #dogood Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
haha yea :P lol and well what's up :P lol ?
I see you ! Repping the BBN!
Have to do some last minute shopping, not really feeling up to it. And where is Pudge????
It has been said that the love of money is the root of all evil. The want of money is so quite as truly. - Samuel Butler
order by noon today and get a free organic cookie in your delivery tomorrow!
I can't take him home so I gave him to Frenchie
isn't there a law against not re-capping? You're a rebel, man. I like it, I like it. ;)
Hey you!
RT RT: MODELS! is hitting the MAINSTREAM now -- we're doing a full TOUR & the models will be shooting w/ ! :)
It's not the end, he's been reincarnated as a tricycle.
A few of us met with faculty members at Rutgers Newark about a March 21st event being planned involving OWS and Occupy Newark.
3 little birds sat on my window, & they told me i don't need 2 worry... I literally woke up to 2 finches & a humming bird. Oh happy day! : D
Coffee, the Black Keys, and UK basketball.Life is good.
did your tummy hurt lol?
#BlueRock's upgrading our #Post Suites! Not sure if #FinacutX will be a part of that. What are your thoughts on the new "upgrade?"
Thanks for the card. Happy Holidays to you too!
Well, them too haha. Section 137 was a hot mess that night
What the?!
Whole paper/discush to be had re: conference space logistics. I'm often stuck on periphery due to power outlets.
So Reuben, you're saying a non-skilled person with a power tool is dangerous, yet you want to blame the power...
I said a click cluck the clicky the cluck to the click click buck you dont stop the rock it to the buck buck clucky say up jumped the bocky
Get them some lemonade
YOLO,🙌 You Only Live Once....
cuz I still got to go to BMB graduation
"a friend with weed is a friend indeed, but a friend with gold is a friend I'm told".
That's funny I was just thinking how funny I am too! :P #GladYoureHere!
Test tweet! (Thanks for understanding, we're connecting our webpage, email, twitter, and so on and so forth)
Join us tonight and bring your dancing shoes. The 19th St Band are starting at 9P.M. Come on down and let your hair down!
2nd egg in #ospreycam nest now! 3 days after the first. Portland Audubon says there could still be two more eggs to come.
Grover Norquist talks taxes tonight LIVE on FOX 9 @ 9..
My eyes are so so tired.
i aint even finna lie both the kings games ive been to this year the kings was going ape shit and got the win!
I am so inspired. I can feel this seeping into my dance already.
This book does something to me.
u should have came to the project Spurs live show bro
couldn't u have like pushed Andretti for the win!???
Street Trash rocks!
then get off twitter off
Thanks for the mention!
GOODNIGHT TWIT TWIZZATS
i am talking about chest hair...: .
Mwahaha. My dastardly plan comes to… um, I mean, you're going to love it! (We'll definitely love having you there.)
I don't go on Twitter sometimes on purpose so that you guys think I have a productive real life.
Thanks both of you. I am very happy for him he gets to run it anyway he wants too. :)
Tryna be at RU fashion show feb.11
The has acquired about 35 boxes of 18th-20th century city directories from New York City, need a bit of repair
2 hours left
thx...I have the bye this wk. playoffs for me are 15 & 16. Still like celek? I'm gonna see how they do this wkd.
#ugh so sneezie
RT : SPEAKING IN ALL CAPS TODAY IN HONOR OF BILLY MAYS
Blue Velvet??? Cannot wait!
Free cone night at Ben & Jerry's
Can I get you to try once more? I used an html override, and it looks good on this end... Thanks, and whew!
It's funny how a melody sounds like a memory
Oh goodness..Mr. Wonderful is about to eat
Good news of the day for Westsiders - Whole Foods to open on Detroit Rd. in Rocky River in 2014.
Steven do you have framed pics of yourself in your house??? LORL! Good!!!! Gives that dang mirror a break. LOL!!! Poor mirror!
Shame on barbara Walters! Mimi Alford def needs to tell her story. The truth is never backseat to lies. Walters is the new puff or queen
Let's go yankees!!
your're in nyc???
thanks, thought so. #sqlrally made me realize ppl didn't know what talk was about
He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.
The Predators answer the score with a touchdown pass from Leak to WR Nate Forse. Game is tied 14-14.
yes sir thanks bro
Hate working on such nice days
Monday!A lot of stuff to do this week!Kinko's and coffee
Hahah Tell Him I Said His Name Is Arby's
I didn't figure I had anything worth saying :P
Oh, and I don't like country.
Unfortunately have to take off in a few minutes. Have a noon flight. Chance you're close by?
Rtweet #ike OK, serious Hurricane time. It's starting to come in now. We're feeling the wind here, for real.
Just submitted seven VO auditions
Alright --done!
Anyone want to see the Pros and Cons trailer this week?
how can you sleep at night
Oh ok, downloading now. And I'm usually so on top of these things.
great article!
Just got off work...bored hmu
FIRE ALL HITTING COACHES RT New hitting coach apparently makes all the difference. Albert finally hits No. 2
Slice of Ice in Red Arrow Park will be closed due to warm weather today and tomorrow (March 6 & 7).
The world is designed like you are there is always more to explore...
I know, right? #rotate then record ;-)
Just now wakin up
Tryin to be like wit my tweets... Dis nigga get all da tweet booty
hey alana whoever the hell the who you are. My consumption hasn't changed. #OilPrices have doubled.
Captain D's though...
hope you found em...
I wanna go out of town
JERMAINE!!! Love him!
I need some bday plans
Job interview at Old Navy tomorrow! :)
The John Carpenter version is creepy too
I am wearing the party cardigan. The pardigan.
You were!? How cool. How about a *Twitter High Five* for a prize? I give pretty sweet ones. Fist bumps, too! :)
I've neglected my #definethis account (because I've been writing whole paragraphs rather than 140 characters), and now I can't even log in.
Hey, Eric You seem to be a very deep man who get it and that what real. I hear u. Happy Friday!
Ambition is the cure for boredom.
Don't miss Pi Chi Week 2011! Starts this MONDAY!! :)
no doubt. I don't think he has a chance against jones
Spring break is over..
The real work starts once someone leaves the safety of treatment.
A friend asked if I wanted to buy a $30 standing ticket for the TV Awards. Said I didnt think there was anyone I could stand to watch.
As it should be.
Do you ever forget where your phone is, panic then look down in your other hand and see it? I have on more than 1 occasion!!
Did I mention I squeezed few trash bags too looking for it #honestly oh boy! #lost and found wedding ring
- I'm sure your Mom is great and all the things you say. My mom is as well. But she didn't get to choose. She HAD to work, too.
:') love you too<3
highly doubt they'll reshoot but hey w/e lol that's mainstream music 4 you!
Latest fad: wear u of central Florida gear, UCF to UFC EVENTS.
Hours 5 - 9 "blunts.bugs.arkansas.GREENBOUGH ALABAMA.blunts"
Teeth whitening is a great gift for a friend, spouse, employee or as contest winner prize. Call us today about gift certificates!
That's sad but so true
Yo chick, she so thirsty.
North Korea launching a rocket? Fail
yeah:/but I'm just hoping I get 'em tomorrow.
Jaleel, I think I want to marry you!!
So I been so busy today I couldn't tweet but after this I will have a series of tweets outlining today events
Im afraid to look at my phone when people text me. Feel like im going to be #dissapointed Usually am
ABC's new programming looks fucking terrible.
Tonight at ! at 7pm at the Main Stage outdoors!
All is well my dear. i missed you...
Publilius SyrusA leader is a dealer in hope
Listening to the new DJ Shadow. Thanks for the heads up
After going to bed at 11pm the last few nights, finally feeling much more myself tonight.
lol you look excatly like her. You know how to walk in heels.
Serenity Now
#mixmusiclounge tomorrow night come get funkky
1-5. I'd love to but tix are just too expensive for my budget. Admirals and Brewers tix = no prob.
Falling in love is so hard on the knees. ~ Aerosmith
“: Rep. Becker shuffles #civilunions bill to the back of the bus. Instead of being heard 5th, it will now be ninth. #coleg”
Players will be at Dougherty's Dugout, Offutt AFB, from 5-6pm to show their appreciation of our Military! Will sign autographs n take pics!
“: Happy cday to my brother ”
We are honored to be there! What you're doing is so important! Glad we can help support you!
2night-->SAGA 4TH OF JULY WEEKEND STARTS NOW!!! RED* WHITE* BLUE 18+ WELCOME 2 PARTY 21+ LET'S GET WASTED! ladies free until 11:15pm
There's a place in CV that recycles paint then reuse for graffiti removal. I'll think of the name and get back to you.
The role of money (in politics) has grown and grown and grown and the quality of discourse has gone down and down and down. ~
WebMobi HTML5 Based Pre-build Application Templates for Forms, Surveys, Landing … - Jay Williams - Social & Web Strategist...
Love it. In DC's sea of Spanish influence, this place stands out... RT I'm told ate at Estadio over the holiday weekend.
Plus, do they want him to create new characters in that universe just to have them talk shop? That's stupid.
Just heard gas is supposed to jump! Hurry and get it! 3.98 in Grant.
Thanks for the follow. ;)
So excited to be traveling this summer!!!
Hope your week is going well Martin! :-)
Workers have never claimed such a paltry share of real national income growth.
; i simply asked why you ride the bus. your response was, "cock".
Thanks to for RT (and her many pithy observations)
I JUST DIED WHO WOULD CALL LUCAS GAY!! omg they deserve a beating! He is not gay he's A amazing dancer their jelly! <3
Your words are my food, your breath my wine. You are everything to me.
Indeed: Sitting on a saddle, waiting for the bus to move....
Slab serif is the new Helvetica.
Emails that make me happy: " is now following you"
Sorry been quiet lately :). Lots of work ! Lemme know how you doin'
I don't mind that too much if it's to get a person into a process like a zendesk. Much better than no response.
RT Girls want to look perfect for a bunch of guys, but a woman only wants to look beautiful for one man.
WAHOOOOOO!! Thank you! RT : Just got my tix to see and this summer!
How 'bout dem Cowboys? Winning ugly, but winning. 9 field goals + a 1-yard touchdown... are you ready for some Snooze Ball?!
no soy gorgeous :p
patience young one.
I keep saying that I'm going to just listen to the Makropulos Case overture ONE more time before listening to the rest…
you rock!!!! thanks for sharing :D make sure you check out my youtube channel and subscribe working on an original ;))
everyone needs that one good best friend im blessed to have mine <3
Southwest is insane right now....
do you suck at being a person that much?
miss you too! Since you're up early does that mean you'll be around for a phone date this afternoon?!
Our healthcare system isn't broken; it gets exactly what it incentives.
Double Spark+O2 Gold+UCAN+BetaAlanine Supreme = Gopher Beating!!!
Good choice :) Corona is a popular answer that we've been getting!
Documentaries might work but I can't put "I have encyclopedic knowledge of WWII" on my resume. ;)
are you guys interested in a great domain name? I am brokering 'MovingCompany.com Message me if you want more info
RT : Finally someone has put on the radio instead of stupid X.
He has never taken a shower...striclty bubble baths
cute face. U can work on the body
I'm watching the stand up one now. I'm too sober for this! Hahaa
What a way to wake up from a lil' nap: My mom calls me asks if she can move into son's bedroom when he leaves for college.
Honduras lucky to reach extra time... Down a man, but still level at 1...
Company golf outing today. better bring his A game.
Hey David how are you? Thanks for the follow and best to you.
Thank you so much Ruth! RT : I love your song! <33
i don't think i can wait another day for Florida..
When your ex asks if you can still be friends right after a break up, it's like having a kidnapper tell you to keep in touch.
you tell um DickieV!!!
Watch for flying bells through ya wall: Get fit with KETTLEBELLS! The moves to try: ow.ly/98Wgn
Whoa! Donald Driver can really dance! Good job, Peta!!
I just think that no matter how ugly you may be, if you can play an instrument or sing, you are DAMN sexy to me.
Happy Hour starts EARLY at Buddha-Bar DC! 4-7pm, $5 select sushi rolls & appetizers; fantastic prices on beer, wine and specialty cocktails!
MADONNA rocked it!!!
Thanks to everyone who was planning to come out to Blue Water Grill tonight! I'm so sorry the show is cancelled:(
Peace to each manly soul that sleepeth; Rest to each faithful eye that weepeth... ~Thomas Moore
Lakers win in a Late 4th quarter run.
items in Durant's backpack: protractor, scientific calculator, bike lock, fruit cup, and (soon) the Larry Obrien Trophy.
Not wrong at all. Just make sure there are no witnesses or video cameras. Lol Sometimes you need to set an example!
Twins are the cure for Joe Nathan's slump.
so you tell mee, are you ready to get back to where we left off...
Our staff is getting excited for the #MiniMarathon. So much training, so little time!
hahah true! I wish we still had Doug, but it's time for the offense to keep hitting the way they have been. Lol!
Very glad is on my team. What a mad genius!!!!!
So it's pretty much official. Pulitzer Prize winning poet Franz Wright is coming to ! March 15th. Get excited!
looked up crazy monuments without #solonely 👎
Justice is the first virtue of social institutions, as truth is of systems of thought ~ John Rawls
Stupid people are stupid.
Bout to go look at some cars. :D
"Other people and things can stop you temporarily... You�re the only one who can do it permanently!" ~ Zig Ziglar
I will never ever pay money to use a Readability style tool. If needed I will create my own and give it away.
“: I got a #icebox where my heart use to be!!!” ⛄⛄⛄ coldworld
Learned something today about life... "Why the rush?" What are we rushing to? Think about it
thanks for following ^^
Who are you checking out?
Way to go ! So proud of you!
Good luck and have fun in todays #ShamrockShuffle !
mine isnt like that though, cuz its older, and havent updated it.. She probably just saw me type the passcode or something
maybe people care when your actions affect their life due to how shitty they are? Just a thought
I hope wakes up and turns on her phone so I can give her that wakeup call I was supposed to do an hour ago.
Come to the Dark Side, we have cupcakes.
super power would be the ability to take over people minds, then I could control some of the stupid Shit people say and do.
I haven't heard from u in years ... How have u been
74 degrees in DC today! Thanks for letting me know
I know lots who think you're pretty great all by yourself!! Count me in!! =D
it's at 11 big dawg :)
It's easy to imagine why Kalinda needs a drink here.
New docs don't have 20 years of politically incorrect notes. More open to sharing chart with patients.
Trying to write a speach for class
Red wine and Ambien, you're talking shit again.
Sold Out - Agent Orange, Jack Flash, El Nino, Skywalker, Fantastic 4
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies
Tweeting in school #LikeABoss (:
hate myself so much for making her life miserable D:
Doing some serious goofin' at the shop today. Come hang out if you're in the neighborhood. 1726 E. North Ave, Milwaukee.
mark your calender for the Saturday Sept 4th @ Ritz Ybor for the next Muay Thai classic fights - www.mkmfights.com
Girls are so dramatic
Polly tried to eat a dried earthworm the other day. Blech!
you should schedule a spreecast a couple days out and get people to RSVP. i bet you would have your biggest spreecast yet!
Okay so that text I just got really just hurt my feelings?
2011 Highlights- released inkBLOT into the world! Rated 49 out of 328 books in the YA Debut Novel 2011 at Goodreads.
If anyone ever wants to see Snakes on a Plane...don't. Horrible movie.
Andre Bauer makes me embarrassed to be a Republican.
Water st again? Idk about this
Oh, yeah, and, you're welcome?
How did your family go green this season?!
Seems like #Braun lawyers just breathed new life into his suspension story today
Please stop already. You're bragging about something that isn't even a big deal. Yes we all know you're such a badass
anything exciting happening today ?
Yay! Good job on the win!!
is not a Gremlin, but you throw water on her and shine a bright light in her eyes, she gets as scary as one. With <3, Gizmo :)
RETWEET! March from Civic Center to Balboa at 1pm!
wow..i tweeted it twice..
Unposter on research of online handicraft community and dealings with copyright infringement
Waiting to get nails done for 40 mins! Ah..lol
All strippers have a broken iPhone screen.
We have an impressive record.
Inspired-what a nite! Video 2mrw. Thx u all. "For the first time in history people feel like their opinions matter."
ok kodak
Crowdsourcing data entry is cool, but is not same as doing history - it's doing gruntwork of history. It's data entry.
Written on a desk at carnegie Mellon: "email sux" very transgressive!
my wife feels i don't know how to use twitter correctly. will you help me?
I just got a tattoo and my shoulder is killing me right now! :) sushi makes everything better.
#FF for a ton of great information on a variety of topics.
why? I just watch his tape, i dont know anything about his personality
We need to recognize that we are all publishers and media companies now.
BTW, that's awesome you get to teach a Global HST through Games class.
Can we design buildings w/ no ductwork, no controls & no high or low temperature sources?
Not your kind of people new album drops today! Buy it on iTunes!
<33 only the cute and best can admit to it ahaha, but do you have any plans??
i would not let me do my own homework. Point proven with last tweet
I have a review packet for biology and i really dont want to this shit.
I will buy your shot for an overdrive. Deal?
God's Words never return void. Neither do your prayers when you pray the Word of God and the will of God. - Mark Batterson
not chronic though :) have fun. lol
Need input on local issues since show is from Ft Myers this week. Send to . Does 500 mean more to Indy than Colts/Pacers
your looking at the real deal now
hey lady
“: Whenever I try 2 use my #Citi credit card abroad, Citi suspends it 4 suspected fraud. #UselessPlastic” Yep, happened w/HSBC 2
Just finished watching Wegan against Chelsea. Chelsea won 2:1. I thought, Wegan deserved a draw. Bad referees.
"They just pick our pockets," Buckley says to LM city council and urges them to stop HWD before they raise the rates
": Question is...can and WILL the Laker bigs continue to play with THIS kind of energy, urgency and effort. #Lakers"
I hear that!
Night out... only aloud one drink because of my diet... but ill try to have fun !
Dan Smith is one hell of an inspirational man.
what a goal. “: Ovechkin gives the #Caps a much-needed 3-2 win in overtime.”
Watch the Bucks beat the Magic
is confusing me rn.
Tryin not to be a use to be the nigga, Nigga
My dog laid down on the remote and locked my DVR. Thought I was going to go online & reset the password but managed to back out.
No changes to forecast for WI: 8-12"+ of snow, plus strong winds, to hinder travel Tues PM and Weds from SW to NE WI; travel not advised...
You know cableTV has jumped the shark when the new Karate Kid is on non-stop & the original is nowhere.
er.... "less than double your rate"
Gotta love the bartender that takes care of you. :)
Breakfast at waffle.house sounds real gud rite nw
you got it!
my students don't remember it,I had a parent even complain when I asked students why 911 happened. Went to my principal....
xD his face would be priceless ! #sick he has issues . -.-
There is a huge amount of freedom that comes to you when you take nothing personally.
me too:( let's hang out!!
Awe I miss my cousins.
2,666 followers, something evil is gonna happen soon
i listened to #SaySomethin in like every class today (:
we'll see. Rose real rusty
The Voice is on...heck yes!
Student award celebration lasts into beginning of #SWC board mtg, causing tabling of #PLA agenda item. To be discussed @ future mtg.
Ah... Blue raspberry son cone induced puppy dreams. Is there a flavor for kitten dreams?
Jews Scalping Nazis + Brad Pitt + French Cinema owner girl = The antithesis of Amelie. Off to Del Amo Fashion Center / AMC for sanity + AC.
my nights have been good lately but the days are ok
Win a Vera Bradley purse, filled with cash... starting Monday on V100! More details at www.V100.fm. Join in the fun!
hope you have a great weekend Aly doodle :) Love you!!!
Lambeau , does it get any better
Relationships Start With "Can We Talk?" And End In "We Need To Talk"
WASN'T HE?! Jeez. Where was that accuracy when he was in Portland.
Got some more work to do but so tired
I wasn't talking or anything
Heard on the radio "Don't follow if you have kids" C'mon...Blake helps build character. Or is he a cautionary tale?
Currently brewing while watching Kindergarten Cop. I love my job.
dirty gutter rat that crawled outta the sewer she lives in.. bitch its natural beauty.. something you obviously lack
good. I'm going to start looking tonight. Here's hoping the dress fits!
Great day for a run!!
And this is exactly why I don't trust people.
I feel so incredibly blessed.
Damn. Damn. Damn. Man City with a unbelievable comeback all after the 90' minute. Good show boys.
Whats good New York, get at me...
I always attract the wrong people
Appreciate ya reppin out there for JTP!!!! god Bless ya homie Jo-Wayne
Was just reminded how much I love Like Water for Chocolate. I really do cook that way
he has a point though. :)
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage Fred Astaire's relationship with that coat rack in "Royal Wedding".
I feel so proud when I see 1D related things trending(: One Direction Stole Our Hearts #MORETHANTHIS <3
What's the verdict on the Muppet exhibit? Trying to decide if it's worth a trip down.
Wow... Awesome they didn't grab the expensive items, but lame that they got the books. Poor resale value, but expensive to buy!
Some people really just need to be hit in the face with a brick for some of the stuff they say
Periodontal disease is an #infection, and much like other infections can cause your blood sugar levels to rise
Almost 4 am. Can't sleep. It is so nice out tonight.
has a dent in her head....
love you sis. Like big, long, rock back and forth hug kinda love.
Learning about leading & inspiring change. Great speaker Thanks for reminding "empathy" and communicating long-term vision is key!
“A certain type of perfection can only be realized through a limitless accumulation of the imperfect.” ―Haruki Murakami,Kafka on the Shore
Fisher: The mechanical romanticism of lyrical dance may account for its appeal to adolescents.
YOU are behind this corey? between yesterday and today, you got a LOT of lesbians who fit the description. KD lang photo = great!
cant talk
just going home. Its been such a long day b
web tweeps: what's the best hours web page you've seen? i.e. store hours, restaurant hours, library hours. does anyone do this well?
When thinking of data and discovery consider what insight will help authors and consumers connect.
Same size as Herne Bay then? Wow. That's small (I'm used to US Cities now). Looks very green though.
not going.. see you monday
RT toddbaginski: MSDN White Paper: Watched this guy build a YouTube like site in SharePoint.
is integrated with SoundCloud. Record audio and post from that app directly
"WELCOME TO MY LIFE. EVERYBODY, LEAVE ME ALONE. FUCK! GOODNIGHT." [Closes Door.] (My father, laughing, hilarious, drunk, the poet)
": and I'm younger than her lol!" Her younger sister that's even better
Overheard @ work: "I'm going to take a 10 minute nap" & the bathroom door closes. It's hard out there for a PR girl
We are the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, something something something.
yes! Of course.
good...because you need to get better and you need some sleep!
amazing stories #ftw :)
lol. Wife said the same thing. I was thinking tsx
Mi Pueblo is the shit and #themachine! needs to come to the Carolina's!
> everyone else :P
Join us tonight for #pubquiz at 8pm! Great questions, drinks and weekly prizes.
Hey Cuzieeee! I miss you! When are you coming to visit?
Preciate it RT : I got u chance :)
Not sure I've ever been sadder about a sports team than I am currently about the Knicks.
MPD spokesman Joel DeSpain: We've had thousands of people come down to address their government. They've done it in a very civil way.
Decided to try a Psychic down the street for advice. She said follow her on Twitter. Needless to say, I didn't leave a tip.
plzzzzzzz I'm begging on my knees plzzzzzz follow me
you were talking about the 2009 Mizuki installment
So excited to sleep in for Mothers Day. Which, to be exact, means I get to sleep til 7:30am.
what u been up to
U FEEL ME MICHAEL JORDAN WOULDN'T GO OUT LIKE LEBRON DID LASTNIGHT LOL
Tonight I will be assisting Convention Center --Supportingpeople of Landmark education who are making a difference. Cynthia Harris
that looks like an awesome show!
That is so small of them. At least now you sort out the real friends. Life is to short to waste time on fake people.
The beginning is always today. -Mary Wollstonecraft
The friend said most of the students are using Chrome.
Everyone had a great time and Eyal reports some awesome Gelato  Highly recommended
Well I must have missed the first question.
will be at the ALA when Titus Andronicus is finally coming to town. DARN!
you got that right!
Enjoying Phil Vassar in concert at the park w ! Such a beautiful evening!
#HappyGroundhogDay to all our followers!
Wish there was some way for the ladies to hear the guys message tonight ... Good to hear the other perspective!
At the lake (:
can believe has been around for 5 YEARS and that I have been watching since day one! CRAZY, thanks guys! :)
Apologies in advance 4 rash of tweets. Attending first #SMCSAC meeting to learn all about Facebook Timeline for brands!
hello there fellow mahomie;) haha thanks for the follow <3
#MyFirstWishFor2012 is to get accepted into the #JET program and go to #Japan in August.
Unexpected perk - Adam made me my favorite sickie dish - soft boiled egg and torn-up buttered toast mixed up in a bowl.
Just had to go in and make some updates to a Joomla 1.0 site.
Guess WHAT i jus saw on the t.v. A little room filled with thousands of candles lol #candleswag..!!! Hahaha x)
She's official. Rt ": that's official!"
I cant believe i am saying this but i cant wait to go to school tomorrow:)
you're not the only one 😔
We experience the world thru our bodies
Good lord i am going to have to drink a gallon of milk to get rid of this heartburn and acid reflex this kid is causing me.
no problem! If i was iin your situation, i would want someone to help me(:
Anything for cool people :)
sweaty dancings all night-Mary Anne Hobbs fucking delivered! GonjaSufi redeemed a short set by killing it w/ Lorn! thanks !
I'm the type of person who laughs at my own texts before i send them, because I'm that funny.
Its sunny over here my friend :)
Ladies and gentlemen, we now open at 10am on week days instead of 10:30. Let the celebration begin!
Snap! Really? In the Twittershpere or in real life?
because after all human rights/social justice's pillar = dignity
.. sitting in BOA lobby, minding my P's & Q's :)
watching live stream ......come on rockets :)
PYRO PRODUCTIONS: My Last Judgment, Ashes Of Angels, The Fall Of Catalina, The Seventh Cavalry & Casanova Sat April 17 @ The Spot, 6:30, $5
People on my tl cant spell .
I'm just a squirrel, tryna get a nut.... so what's up? 😜
yeah, the scripps awards banquet is tonight
text me if you have my number I has a wuestion
haha yes I do I'm very into Hip Hop! (-:
Thanks, Darlene. No rush. I'm writing in the book today. WEW have been your 14,000th follower! Need that for my book! Eric
you were amazing! Great times were had by all. Doug is awesome btw. Love you! Xo
why would you tell your team to slow down?
thats wat up boo jjust fuck wit me wen u get bac we didnt even have no time to talk boo
Ian Stewart pinch-hit in the 7th, now making his 4th plate appearance of the night.
Finally getting around to watching Florence at Radio City Music Hall on 1.5 hrs, commercial free!!
What about "call me I have a question about homework" do you not fucking understand.
awesome! Thanks - yes I think a blog post is in order. Have a great weekend!
Woo hoo! That deserves some props :-)
Forget #Linsanity. This is
“: Ross has plan... Ross has a plan.. Ross has a plan.... #ifyoubuildittheywillcome” So did Custer
I think we will see more IMC, with significant partnership and overlap, #pr will not necessarily be a stand-alone function.
...phew...i knew i was, but i couldn't SAY anything. do you know how hard that is for me!!??
Nina I'm begging you. Please don't tweet about it! I don't want to hear about how great it is
was snowbound in Boston today and missed the summer programs fair, but we want to meet you! www.loopabroad.com
i followed :)
I need something to do ):
Are you Tweeting and driving again? Oprah would not like this!
Hehe I Think Im "Fallin In Like" Widd You
right now is downton abbey! :)
Continue to speak life into others and it will come right back to you.
Getting back mixes for the EP entitled "A Brighter Side." Get stoked! Get stoked!
We love our worship team, greeting team, media team, core team, and CG team! We really love you! Thank you for tonight!
Remembering this morning one of PMD's sermons, "you + God = the majority".
Tune into 91.7FM tonight to hear songs by and . Love to for helping spread the music!
I really can not wait for PATIO weather…
That moment when cereal goes down your shirt..
Subway! #FTW #ThanksMom (:
You mean the gross portapottys?
Really don't wanna go back to school. It's probably the most annoying place on the planet.
It's all about making a difference... what are YOU doing?
OPEN CALL: artists who work w video or installation to convey the physical movement of in/out/through as a motif for personal transition
Ok, let's start our discussion on twitter.
Hope you are doin well sweetie! Take care! Hope to see you guys soon!
Town car Designer Serious includes two tone interior trim, higher quality leather, and unique wheels
where can I hear something??
Kid cudi's lyrics >
You're an awesome.
I haz mental hospital-escapee bangs.
Derrick Williams is fearless!! Great draft pick!!
Welcome to Twitter Mr. Ayers! We look forward to reading your Tweets and staying in touch.
You should get an instagram!(:
I also didn't hate Green Lantern. Not my fave, but there's been way worse.
I have office space that u can rent for meetings, photography, scene work, etc. We are very affordable and we are centrally located in Hwood
Writing, but if you want to set me up wit a job at KEZI or wherever you're at, then I'll sign up today!
this week is going by too fast!
Nobody gives you power. You just take it.-
Ima need special treatment today- full body massage all that.
Sorry, Ben, not this time! I need to build up some time off unfortunately.
no we didn't :( we just stopped for the ice cream haha
Jet's pizza in the heart of Montgomery is officially
We have them all packed and will be shipping tomorrow. Just in time for the New Year!
Watching #contagion. This movie is slightly terrifying.
Marsha Kinder is here today talking about "Remixing DNA" (database narratives and archives)
but only like with one person?
Harry potter, hunger games, games of thrones, & stackhouse r ones I get asked about all the time
bored mitee get on tht #2k12 in a min
Lots of #gratitude to 'sPALS Happy
I'm sorry mama. I know how lonely that can feel. Big hugs to you.
Awesome Rachel! See you there. :)
proving once again it's more luck than skill ;-)
haha i watched a movie on hbo and flipped the race on after its almost over
I've had a BEYOND TERRIBLE stomach ache since the moment i woke up this morning. It hasn't gone away, and i feel like crap :(
that would be awesome. I almost hope he doesn't witn though if this Madden cover curse is real...
Glad you liked it!
feeling depressed... i have a feeling thats how im going to feel the rest of the weekend :(
Do it!! What kind??
You guys are amazing! Who's ready to see This Romantic Tragedy LIVE early 2012?!
Could I be Alli?
<<<Follow>>>> new updates of my journey of my future brand going worldwide!!
Come visit us Booth #6716! Find hand tools #MadeintheUSA for asphalt, concrete, masonry, carpet and tile!
More takeaways from day 1 of #usetda2011 than from whole other conferences. Awesome.
"This is for all the Tostitos" A fitting epilogue to a sterile, disjointed, kind of goofy game.
I'm sure you will!
oh ok.
Had a college classmate, blonde/blue, 1/4 Cherokee. We had tons of fun re: my brown/brown fractional Mohawk.
You can come as you are with all your broken pieces, all your shameful scars. The pain you hold in your heart, bring it all to jesus. 💜
It's your last night! Whatcha doing?
ah WOW that's awesome ☺❤
Who is going out Thursday night?
that's how it should be ;-)
Can ya dig it ? I knew thatcha could
I think I've finally reached the end of the Internet this am. Who knew?
think before you speak.it may not seem to be a big deal to you but you have no idea Khloe.none.
Getting inspired
Good question! Some psychographics are included in that report-buying habits, lifestyles, & interests. DM me for more info.
If you see the #Avengers tag it is probably a spoiler. Just so you know.
Exactamenté! Penis and Vagina. Not 2 of the same...
The Dodgers signed All-Star outfielder Andre Ethier to a one-year, $10.95 million contract, plus performance bonuses
Does anyone else find starting twitter hard or am i just blond:0
Okay, I'm done!
Write it as if it were a news story in your local paper. Sometimes reporters run press releases as stories w/few changes.
and Yes! I demand an index heading all my own: B-Cassiana? Cassidiana? Look forward to 2023 Scott rectification.
Awesome! Hope you guys had a great time. I should stop by your shop one of these days and say hey!
thank you ^.^
thanks. I did c u under museums, how can I get our major visiting exhibition under fresh brew. Would be a great addition.
they are already burnt
But enough so to make it sad... Just say'n
That's such a cute text! Congrats! :D
There's not a difference between a fan and a belieber, a belieber IS a Bieber fan, so. Stop saying fans do this and beliebers do that. No.
Happy mothers day of tweeting
I thought you said goodnight 10mins ago haha
oh, we'll maybe I'm drunk & got confused.. See I do have a bad memory
Happy Weekend everybody! ;-)
We are excited about our next year's Corps!!!! They have a tough act to follow because this year's Corps is simply amazing!!!!
also, Wha, no invite?!?
thanks for tweeting about the and our Pace Presents concert series! Spread the word!
on Tuesday I am -.-
Back from disney! :)
im gonna do my homework and cry and im not talking to him until i get the other side of my nose done
He's a legend!! RT : CAO Walt Ekard killing it at the dinner!
If you want to learn about the UWM Content Mgmt System, we have documents & tutorials in the Training Resources at www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Finally in the venue. Second row. baby!
Thinking about taking a summer class hm
ok n wat time it start
yeah their not working tho.smh
On the west coast for vaca and signing off twitter for the next few hours. Can't risk having #PrettyLitteLiars spoiled for me.
It is cold.....24f
I know. Makes me want to do
Ain't that the truth Nerd!
What part of FL
Great to hear from you. Looking forward to talkn'
just glad they're both later in season this year. Not sure why at least one isn't Monday night. Nothing tops Ravens-Steelers.
If the world has ended, would you be around to have friends?
dirty dancing.
We've written 3 new songs that will be on the EP. As soon as we find a guitarist, temp or permanent, we track. -zach.
If you know someone looking for a new job, encourage them to learn a new thing.
I can not believe it is snowing! This is April, please bring back the sunshine!
I am not a has-been. I am a will be. ~Lauren Bacall
Diabetes Day, National Spanish
I sure can be!
What are you doing to support local businesses for #ValentinesDay? #Shoplocal, #shopsmall and help the local economy!
Loved it!
I would say St. Louis might be a better choice than Nashville.
since I can't facespace u anymore I'm gonna blow up your twatter. Ew. That sounded dirty. Anywhoooos. Come back meow.
Going to #ncvs ? Check out our panel on MICRO-VOLUNTEERING! How innovation can give your skills-based volunteering program a new kinda mojo.
go MJ style and go bald
u still at walmart
contemplating combating urban sprawl
loser, why'd you make a new account?
I never got to say this last night so here goes: CAPITALS BABY!
my abs right now you would leave your husband reporter: can we see them? Peace: NO
I Fuck with the draft caps
I have been looking for my copies, but i wasnt able to find them. Would i be able to find them online?
follow me!
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise! PC is here to help!
RT : Know that there are many possible outcomes for any condition, even for those that may seem impossible to overcome.
I will start by inviting all my nieces and nephews! I'm sure they will LIKE us :-)
Enjoyed the exhibit of Hans Haacke's work, which ties art to the social, economic and political
The Pittsburg Penguins are unstoppable. So dangerous!
A10: Know your worth, be confident, show your strengths. Flock together with fellow birds.
Optimizing the new site! Stay posted for updates!
The shot of that chocolate whipped cream in the Tim Hortons ad seems like it should be illegal
Our Studio is Located in the Heart of ATLANTA at 555 Whitehall Street! Stop by for tonight's Ballet Class at 5:45! All levels welcome!
Off to the #LATFOB! I'll be selling awesome books all day and accepting donations of foot massages, caffeine, and good conversation...
wait. which 6 flags is he gunna be at?
Hey bro, any idess on getting a car from Cali to Fla? Unless you want to fly out, watch the game & drive it? Lol!
I completely agree. It's just all wrong for a classic love singer. I'm not sure what crowd he's trying to impress.
it would be so awesome if they actually did it!!^.^
I sure am. Haha
Eat 1 of your biggest frogs today.
The market manipulators won't let the markets be down for long. They are already getting leverage and stopping the declines.
Words to live by. RT : This is not a competition
Half price drinks at Starbucks tomorrow! Woohoo!
Like if you ever wanna get dumped by me just buy me a box of raisins.
#np Dino Jr Several Shades of Why. Kinda different, I presume. RT downloaded '50 Shades of Grey' And
I need to note that this award annoc has the digitization grants. July '12 list will give a different sense of NEH funding.
It's a happy, haunted, rainy Halloween! Trick or tweet!
First performance in Ny tonight!
Getting very excited about tomorrow's Status of Boys luncheon. Great speaker, great people, great music.
Hey I'll play football if they need replacements. It might not be good but it would be entertainment! :)
Yes! I'm starting it right now!!
WILLIAM!!!! Duh... Of course, it's so obvious. Duh!!
Very cool! I eagerly await...
Forgot this was a baseball state. I've been reminded now. Congrats ul?!? I guess
Taking a look at the new Natural History Museum of Utah.
unbelievable movie. Hope to see it again tomorrow.
We #loveitwhen our work makes life better.
Come on up to entry C32 and I can get you a great deal on a t-shirt!!
I don't do nano, but I know those competing voices!
awe man, I gotta work tomorrow and then a bbq after. Maybe I'll stop home first to say hi. ;)
Adobe demos Open Source Media Framework - provides HTML5 controls for customizing caption display on the web
Just cycled 9 miles on the Veloway. Probably won't repeat.
I think I'm on my 60th cup of coffee this week.
boss just referred to justin beiber as "that drippy kid." ha.
Roommate arrives home from EuroJaunt carrying beer and sporting a neckbeard.
RT : For the record... I love my Mac! This thing rocks! // TVA is Mac powered too!!
Okay, so next season will be the last for 30 ROCK, PARKS, and COMMUNITY...I'm guessing next season will be THE OFFICE's last, too...
yeah right! I had English for middle lunch, and it was boss! You don't do shit the second part haha
great hanging with you too buddy! See you next time...
A Relationship
Colfax might be featured on PBS with interviews from the filmmakers!
