I am coming to New York in March to talk. 5 Keys To Unlock Better Behavior: all ages, stages, abilities. Can we talk?
Thank you for all your support!
One more hour till our team goes on outreach in City Heights!
almost done writing. Next, go visit a high school friend in ICU. Then, cleaning house. I know, don't be jealous.
RT sure glad i went to that show.
omg do I need help then?! lol :(
Good morning everyone ! :D
thanks so much for the re-tweets!
haha yes no need for my clients to see us
Can I die?
I'm glad to hear you had a good time.... We have lots more events coming up!
He does look so weird!
Thanks so much! Means a lot to us!
Is it just us, or did that first number sound like it wasn't over when the ad break started?
Do you want your home clean
damn i gotta get up and get dressed
It's Friday night and the Twinkies play at home - get great seats from PerfectTix for an awesome end to your work week!
RT : RT : James Dolan met with Carmelo on Thursday in LA, The Daily News has learned
Kyle Drabek was on Kennys radar. He wanted to give them Floyd for him. Drabek 2.00 era so far.
Opps that was the rum talking
im jealous ha I miss having the movie theater in the house
Some girls do too much.
over here being
Yes! Yes!
i have bridesmaids the town and boondock saints
HELL YEAH! Love the scene when he falls on top of Sandra Bullock!
not nearly as bad as that shameless plug disguised as a question :)
See why keeps her earplugs in,these broads messy & ratchet up here
Reggie.. Don't call it the Lebron James!! Any man can run anyone down for a block in the league!! Lol
hopefully at 4pm you have some new teammates named Branbon Carr & Vincent Jackson.
utilize your search engine RT RT : aisha tyler's pretty funny << never heard of her
Thanks for the follow mayville "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
Thanks for taking the time to come ride with us! Come back again soon!
Is thinking something not very nice about people wrong if it's true?
looks like it. rt is this legit?
First one is great! Really easy read and a page-turner, so suggest bringing a few books.
In Spanish (: HMU
Goin to slam heavy ass weights around and get my pump on. #gymtime . Yeah buddy! Planet fitness.
But im gna try & sleep it off
Ever wanted to meet a Playboy Playmate?! Now is your chance, and others are in Minneapolis this weekend!
thought I was the only one that saw that. Hate the Cards just a bit more now.
Playing defending nat'l champ Davenport today. Time to make a dream become reality and make it to the final four.
Launched my first project at my new job today!
Except the bully Irish boy. I wasnt having that. LOL
lazy ass girls lol!
i wish i had a job lowkey
I am so mad right now god pick u your phones!!!!!!
I'm not calling you a prostitute. They get paid, you don't.
"When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful"
Bonnalog ... rain, lightning now we have a festival
its like milf city out this bitch and they only 21, smh this can't be a good thing.
I cant wait for you to make me laugh and u r welcome..
Second trimester key for pregnancy weight gain
": Who's downloaded MatchDay 2012? What do you think of it?" I like the visual schedule, news linking to teams needs help
Somewhere in the world "Stalker" is playing on the radio ...
Went to the hotel's gym... very clean unlike in manila..
almost 300 followers 
Cards fans are definitely feeling pretty good right now! Up 7-0..
Last 3 days of initial coaching engagement w/ client. They have SO many questions!
lol i guess not
SO glaad finals are over !
#TextMessagesFromAStalker Your uncle Charles said hello...
What do I do with my hands
I just made listen to The Final Countdown and other various 80s songs.
We are We are We are. Come get 1! RT is giving away FREE copies of Fahrenheit 451!! It's the best book ever!!
Did you know that we are exposed to over 3,000 marketing messages a day? How is your marketing setting you apart from the crowd?
Doing variations on the theme of Friday. Different people and activities, same Chinese food and drinking. For weeks now. It's going great.
i should've slept in
Man I was stupid drunk last night, and somehow I managed to network and I'm not hungover
Not even youngster like Giroux says this unless calculated. Confusing us on who to boo: him, Scottie, Jagr, all of the above?
Now I'm playing my 2nd tape "Da Undaground Diva" & done found sum songs on dere 4rm my FIRST TAPE "One Woman Show"!!!
Donut meet-up in the morning! For real this time.
Also check out 's group
All I wanted for xmas was a pair of ugg boots, but my veterinarian2b sis said they skin 6 sheep to make them.Guess I'll stick to "reg" boots
User-centered approaches continue to be a critically important part of research, teaching, and service
Have you sternuated today? Sternutation with your eyes open can be dangerous!
Sae Kenzie and Spencer at EKU today. Got a piercing. And some awesome pizza :)
your an idiot! Ohh yeah & a player get a life please!! -___-
Didn't mean to pin that on you. I appreciate your sharing it!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Football is stupid.
Never, ever fun!
did u braid ur hair yet, and are you going to braid it yourself? i'm thinking to get senegalese twist but i'm not sure?
hey i follow , if you follow
were lookin to expand #teamnasty in #macon, #athins and #rome ga if you down hit me up twitter me lol
What's more impressive…the spend itself or the impact of the acquisitions?
finally found out how to stop sending spam DMs thanks
...feel better and have a nice sweet with some tea.
hopes you had a good time!
remebering the past.
Taste of bittersweet.
So sleepy.
60% of the people that oppose you will have a lower level of education than you.
looking forward to watching the crowd go wild
It's not common sense if you never knew it.
Thanks for your kind words!
I hate the friend zone, found myself there couple times.
We may see the famous 50-Burger tonight!
Waxman tells me on Plan-B: "FDA is a science-based organization, and I think they gave her their recommendations based on the science" (1/2)
makes sense, just curious. Looking to upgrade myself, may go with the same or continue saving for 5D Mark ii
#ActorsAccess is hilarious. Spend a fortune to upload your reel, then have to pay per submission for casting to see it.
uses social media to give their business a face and personality
This is pretty entertaining. c:
Great seeing you tonight enjoyed our time chatting. Have a safe drive back to the city.
gunna wait till mom gets mad and she does it herself.
theres a reason why i normally dont go on twitter with the girl sitting on my RIGHT.
I AIN'T MAD.
One person at a time. RT : as a community we can make a difference, as people who care we impact the world.
He sped right on by No time for the gym But time for the doctor Was available to him. QuickGymCS.com!
RT: #Cancer will open your heart which will feel scary and exciting!
summer school -_- , pero 1d concert is closer, and plus im going with you guys i wont be alone
thanks! We are very excited as well!
May 21: Flight home mid-afternoon, alas!
I miss you! lol :) & Brandon with his jeggings haha
MICHAEL BAY SAYS "CHILLAX!"
going hiking in the drizzle through fields of cows by the lake.
Would you believe the $480M #AmwayCenter has a room with dirt floors!? I checked it out. Find out what's filling the space SOON. #WFTV at 6
Probably to early to tell what this means for the midtown tower condos; hopefully they still build without anchor tenant
Game time round 2,let's kick another final's ass
ohmygosh, i think that'd be perfect/hilarious to see !
This weather is PERFECT for the first day of Spring :)
come to The Hudson
Aw man. Bad print? That's a little disheartening!
Same. RT I can eat dolmas for days.
Record time!!... 6 minute final
" you ready to get jumped "
Congratulations and the EMMY goes to #RHOA for best display of CRABS IN A BARREL ..... especially
Seems like a fit RT Altitude should have a few slots available now that the Big Sky signed with Fox Sports/ROOT
i hope green tea kombucha cures the sneezes.
Gym Time everyone! Nothing like a 5AM game of hoop.
you, sir, had a good time last night.
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
Hey ladies!!!!!! If yo toes hangin off da front yo shoes scapin da ground, dem don't fit, borrow some yo size, DAMN!!!!!!
thank you so much :)
mca was in deep dodo when they laid off ir/ie staff leaving them #data blind.
dumb Dumb DUMB
Since Baltimore does not have a hockey team, Bmore fans can pick ANY team, a lot happen to choose the Caps.
agreed but id rather play the afc championship at home. Hopefully the broncos can do it again next week
Our CCO is also a former radio host and co host of Endless Fraud Detection Radio and is available for interviews
The young couple that just looked at the house next door seems cool. One can never be too careful.
We're playing a sexy-sweaty show tonight with Samantha Ronson at the Viper Room 11pm....playing a brand new jam...free guest list
he's rebounding over 6'8 person I excepted him to get Atleast 20
I have it on facebook and its public, but I may try to put it up on photobucket tonight. Do you have a suggestion for a host?
See its hard to maintain, when its hard stay..sane.
I still got this pounding ass headache 😒😣
can you please follow me?!(: love you
I don't want to be reduced to Internet-shaming but I have been trying to get you to release a copy of my title for weeks.
... And, finally, to the Marc Steiner Show. Whew! Thanks, media partners, for being part of NewsTrust Baltimore.
OMG Harry Potter ebooks are FINALLY available! I'm so excited!
Help: Need Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
Colts GM Grigson: Not afraid to make deals in draft
So close to 420 followers.😉
im so scared for tomorrow! there gonna be soo many people! ahh!!! D:
Bout to jump in the shower. #SHOTZofXOcafe ya :-)
Happy freaking mothers day -__-
This a great morning so ima start off wit sum Big K.R.I.T. n a bowl leggo
I just want to give an all around Happy Mother's day to all the mothers. I hope you all received all the appreciation you deserved today.
it's your lowest income kids that are least likely to apply generally. Pat King did a study years ago on that. It's sad...
The more time I spend in novel-land, the stranger the snacking habits. Today = salt & vinegar Popchips & Nutella.
Ill give these hoes nightmares!
We make a living by what we get. We make a life by what we give...*
did 6 loads yesterday. yuck. can u help me figure out how 2 get my realtimeresults. geekmommy helped me once, i forgot :(
yea but it's almost but not 100 there yet. Few tweaks left And it ll be all set. Few who heard it approve!
Danny is a dork but a cute one
I miss her...
Give your brother travel cash on our website & if all the family contribute with gifts, he can go on a fantastic trip :)
Yeah thts true.
Hm... quote of the night from to me - "Hello Papi"
a goddess like you deserves all the love you can handle...
I really want to go to this! RT Author Jonah Lehrer joins us on 4/18 to discuss his new book "Imagine: How Creativity Works"
#TEDMED music and brain. Robert Gupta played violin and shared passion for medicine for us. Beautiful - oxygen-
Hey GOD Bless How is everything
North Carolina got their tails kicked by FL. State. I'd hate to be at practice tomorrow.
sure! Please follow me too. We have much in common.
Do you know if the teams had their food flown in from Europe while in Motegi?
We will be taking more in person Miss Rock the Ink submissions, stay tuned for more details.
- networking and new site visits!
This is the kind of #kyderby where it's almost worth putting $5 bet on every horse to win. You take a hit if Union Rags wins, but....
Yes! We must value ourselves. our lives depend on it. "I do deserve this. It is abt me"-Sheila Nevins
The best Sweet Tea in the world can be found at McDonald's off Roswell Road in Sandy Springs Atl #RandomThought lol
thanks for coming through. Hope it was fun!
why not end this charade and both of you come to the studio and prove yourself jack that your not Ludlow
Maybe the #Flyers should just mimic the #Panthers power-play tonight?
"Knock yourself out. I mean that.' lol
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 8
had a great class (ongoing class) w/Bold & Beautiful CD Christy Dooley! Great feedback & redirect on my scene! Excited for next week!
39yrs of life & what do I have 2 show 4 it: awesome friends, great family, cherished memories, wondeful experiences & I woke up this mornin!
just watching the transplants replay. great work tonight! you guys need to get Aunt Gert on twitter
Black bitches talk shit about niggas with white bitches. Niggas talk shit about black females with white dudes. Vicious cycle man
You bet!
Cold glass of frothy, Lots Of Pulp, Tropicana Orange Juice. >>>>>
Thanks, Bill. No..not this year. Maybe next year.
New low on the scale this am missing the carbs but worth it
Celebrate NYE w/us-live music, specials & midnight bubble toast, YES PLEASE! Open 4 NY Day brunch,10 a.m. 404-681-4434; parishatl.com 4 dets
a short memory may be the key to happiness, sometimes
#orphans8 CHILDREN LIMITED was Kodachrome original showed up Sonochrome Labs materials. Hounded custodian forever to get.
Silence is golden, but duct tape is silver.
Jason Collins stands in the paint over 3 seconds every time. The Celtics need to find offense
Is Spring Break really over for me? It went by way too fast.
tmmrrw big day got a interview
I've always liked above ground better anyways, much better scenery! And no daunting walk down to the subway station
Hey Jaja your a Sweet Beautiful Dancer.. :D I Love you and IaMmE!!!
seriously...it's a cop-out, IMHO, mostly on the part of schools trying to make every kid fit their system & deflect blame.
We started installing fireworks on the Needle today and won't be done until Sat! Thanks to for sponsoring 8 minutes of WOW!
Is Whitney working? She's the best.
What nigga thought of school I need to find out cause who ever he is he bogus af.
went to Grenada's most popular mexican joint to watch the Money Team. Then she went to Tiki.
#textmefirstalready ! Please:p
I'm tweet-failing tonight. Need to start grammar and spell-tweeting my tweets before pressing the Tweet button and sending the tweet out.
been watching the original willy wonka + the chocolate factory lately?
it's incredible how lady gaga changed the music business, the fashion, and million of #littlemonsters lifes in only a few years
Forcing ourselves offline may be the path to true knowledge
"Sorry has been suspended"
so true. So many times we get caught up in the situation and THE solution.
Parents feel obliged to move thru galleries, so game boards with pieces don't work because they're not mobile.
Think tonight I'm gonna just live vicariously through
ah That's a bummer! But I understand. I can't do anything about the age, but I do come to Nashville at least once a month.
It is not at all unusual for a moderate become family to go into debt because of illness in that family. [1943]
Thank you, as always, , for the community RTs
It's like when George Will tore into the GOP lack of response to Limbaugh's attack on Sandra Fluke. RWNJs give GOP a bad name.
I wanna play Skyrim next time I go over to your place... I wanna see what all the buzz is about!! :-)
The Shave Barbershop is looking For Licensed barbers call Many for More info 305-866-1940 Thank you !
Don't let those haters bring you down, because just think every time they say something about you that means you were on there mind! :)
Optimize your site for contextual ads - make some money. PPC is not your only option!
Oh, Snap! Took a min. but now I recognize the name. Now I can stay updated. Always enjoy your music! Big thanks for following!
Holy awkward.
follow me ! This one's my professional one haha
ahh I hate when I need sriracha to complete the party in my mouth & it's nowhere to be found!
Follow I really love her tweets!
that video......story of my life man. Lmao
I have a gym project due tomorrow that I didn't do..... I wonder if that will bring my grade down???
..I tried- Once Upon A Time is whack hahaha
This dog is so retared, runs in circles full speed every morning....SMDH
Bonne Fête du Canada, to all my rabidly Canadian friends (this means you Jeff)
Avoid the temptation of posting your email offers out to social via
Making moves! RT : #FSU men's hoops moves up to No. 15 in the AP poll this week and No. 17 in the coaches poll.
New videos coming this summer 2012!!Get ready!
I only have the 1 song from NSYNC's holiday album. i may have the actual CD somewhere. Call me tomorrow, was sleeping today
heres to the kids who are ready to start there senior year.
#NIN fans - we've got some really cool stuff coming very soon.
random acts of kindness are awesome.
No Matter How Bad your Situation is, you should always give Thanks with a Joyful Heart. Life is Still Great. The Prodigal Son Has Returned
If you're looking for words immersed in truth, love and eloquence, follow His words will stir your soul.
mee too best played really really loud! :)
Jumping on a plane in 4 hrs & I'm still up.
- is my hero. Nuff said.
#FF thanks for being a tweeting administrator, you rock!
um, awkward! Hahaha-good thing it's not possible, I'd be afraid for you if you couldn't have real coffee.
#ihitmydougiewhen I'm in an argument with someone and I completely shut them down
Harper is the shit
We are headed to the top of the 9th. Dodgers on top 3-1 over the DiamondBacks. Jansen will come in to try and close it out.
Good game #cavs, you were out manned by the best team from the east
No one ever told me when I was alone, they just thought I'd know better. - GNR
Can't sleep
international building code my ass.
is slamming! Coming to see picasso? Make sure to stop in and see us but make a rez cause we are booking out thru monday!
yeah you def have the skinhead look going on....eep
My brother just performed in the blueash elementary variety show.
HI HI HI ...DA FUCK IS FUNNY.. SHORTY IS SHORT GET IT? LMFAO SHORT BC SHORTY HAHA .. NOT FUNNY.
ah awesome. whatcha think!?
Its Saturday night - somebody get me a copy of FRAMPTON COMES ALIVE on vinyl
I will be playing a little bit
Freelancing a 9-5 design temp-job this week... And, this week is also the last chance to see the Wall Mountables show at the DC Art Center!
I just know im winning i dont give a fuck what place he in
hey babe 😉 welcome to twitter
I love when the fans chant bullshit
Can't wait to see your premature "Solo Home Run" call all over ESPN tonight!
How is the AvsX stuff? I've been hardcore over the DC Universe, but feel confused/overwhelmed by the Marvel one.
Consider me guilty of the Voodoo...but I'll not be a party to the other, no siree. :D
RT RT Cotto isn't even doing an interview? Really? That's how ayo Papa's does go on???
Aw shucks RT : Thanks for the follow...we're honored.
what u do with the other one? i could buy it!
Did MB leave???
Congratulation on your pilot getting an order. Still have the "Hold the roll..." shirt from FASTLANE.
#youwerecooluntil you started making me pay for what she did.
Hey , you may not be a dog abuser, but apparently I am. See my earlier tweet.
VIDEO - Adventures in South Africa: Joburg + safari featuring and and
I want to ride a roller coaster with at Hershey Park next year.
I never got a call. Come thru! we'll watch the heat game too
Read about former #MBA grad's service this holiday season as Christmas Mother for the Chesterfield-Colonial Heights region...
I've decided to double major in IRG. Let's do this.
Thuggin' on a glorious day
Gotta play Champagne & Chickenheadz
"i think we have more pictures together than a married couple" lmao
YO MAMAS SO FAT WHEN SHE WEARS A RED DRESS ALL THE KIDS SCREAM LOOK ITS THE KOOLAID MAN y
Enjoy! RT : Today I'm going with to see Sondheim's ASSASSINS at thanks to !
I'm a big fan of BlogPaws. Check it out if you get a chance. Well done. PMW/Miriam
I tell everyone I know to follow you. Ur the best, just wish I didn't for the cam scam.
In Michigan, supposedly for Easter, but really for the Final Four! Go State!
Good Morning twit's.... So I think my upstairs neighbors jus broke there bed, what a way to start the day hahahahahhaahhah
So it turns out "Imma Be" isn't a song about the life of a bee....
Fuck that im not going to school like wat the fuck
is ashamed ofall the beers I drank but then I think about the workers in the brewery and their dreams
I wish my car had go-go gadget legs
OMG your inflight cookies are so good!
FISH is the new YOLO
Simon,I honestly didnt like you for a while.I thought Gordon Ramsey was related to you 'you both=mean'but now since 1D Ilikeyou
thanks for stopping by !
RT : #Badgers have 8 mins to become elite. Jordan Taylor and Rob Wilson trying to prevent this from being last 7:46 of career
I love it when my racist family members insinuate I'm Godless because of my political beliefs. Bring it!
I love my love my Hollins U!
Yes Ma'am
ready to start writing chapter for Best Practices in Credit Bearing IL Instruction. Focusing on development & design of online instruction.
haha those good days we had fucked up childhood
Thank you so much! They extended the voting until today. We appreciate your support for this special cause
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Thanks for the heads-up. I see that I just sent out over 100 spam DMs. Ack.
Good time New Orleans, next destination Pensacola Beach!!
“It is not beauty that endears; it’s love that makes us see beauty
i hope you remembered your sunscreen in phoenix yesterday. I wish i coulda made it to see you guys!
Did you hear? are 's "Band of the Week"! bit.ly/sjzEid
All my life I wish I broke mirrors, instead of promises
Part of me is angry, but a part of me is sad. The rest of me is just drunk. At least I have 1 endors unlike my bff Ana Peres with 0 endors
Lmao my bad, that's what I mean't though...
hm I guess that's true, but you still never come over to Caelan's!
It's Severe Weather Awareness Week or something like that - statewide testing to encourage emergency drills.
First of Three ‘True Blood’ Season Five Fan Posters Is a Bloody Mess via
The Pope is now following our tweets. With a mere 49 followers and 1 tweet, we have become the 158th person he follows. Let the wine flow.
Check us out at www.Facebook.com/thecellarsf and thecellarsf.Ning.com
would you be inclined to sign ja rule to cash money? We know yoy love for em
Just got my 1st ticket too..in a long time. 73 in a 45. Sucked 4 about 10 minutes, but not going to let that cop ruin the day.
Oh, it's not her first. In fact, she is seeing the Black Keys Wed. and saw the Shin. This is first real standing show.
have an audition for Yellowcard tomorrow!!! Awesome band, love them!
sometimes cuddling is better than sex
The choice to celebrate through adversity has already made us a champion in our journey.
Flying with cats on a red-eye tonight from Oakland back to NYC. I apologize in advance if you're sitting next to us. . . . .
yea it go hard.
Thank you!
#partofme epic #1single all over the world believe dat !
I did and it's fantastic
'The Holy Spirit cannot be located as a Guest in a house, He invades everything.'
Dam Lakers are taking it in the a** right now! Smh
Just took a nice walk with . We had a solid convo that was apparently heard by half the neighborhood.
Wonder when they'll recognize in México that the big winner of the Battle of Puebla was the U.S., that's why huge celebration in the States
im thirsty.! ugh.!
If you want the rainbow, you're gonna have to put up with the rain. - Dolly Parton
"What's up? - Good." "Where are you going? - Nothing"
Anyone else have "I don't wanna wait for this night to be over" song stuck in their head?
Q8: German food that you can’t get enough of?
saw you met Justin tuck today. So cool! I'm in the area, heading to the city in a bit!
Not sure which type of graphic to use? Try this Graphic Cheat Sheet: bit.ly/o5178P via
that's good:)
Going one direction but I'm jivin to another..
Adele has a great voice.
What subject?
I loveyou please notice &follow me(been trying for 2yrs),&very excited about #BOYFRIEND aaaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber #5DAYS :-D 5
Never allow yesterday to ruin your tomorrows!
it's In Theater's ..
Keep yours heads held high. Accidents can happen to anyone and any show.
“: When people ask me why I don't have any tattoos I say to them, "Would you put a bumper sticker on a Ferrari?”
Shorts weather
Cowboys and Aliens is an entertaining movie if you don't think too much about it. Some things just don't make sense.
FHF generates financial support to help cover academic services and recruiting efforts
awesome “: congrats to one of my best friends ec10/alex venovski for chopping the florida 2500 regional wpt for 150k!”
u online??
shoulders up!
Not till the afternoon. *sigh* Nervous in the meantime, along with doc poster presentation during breaks. =/
If anyone ever Inceptioned my dreams all they would find is what temp to cook Bagel Bites and the theme song to 'Too Close For Comfort'.
Shhh... Just shut your mouth. You had me at "Hello." Which was actually directed at the person next to me, but it worked nonetheless.
hope your ok ! thats all that matters
These neighbors must not work.. 4 guys been hanging out in there truck since I went work this morning at 8am
Denver faces Loyola(Md) in Annapolis May 19th. Lacrosse Quarterfinals.
lots of love right back at you!
Prince Royce - Crazy x) You got me crazy xD
Some strangers are too nice, maybe it's the weather?
Yea, still an audience for that. But some of best talent have contracts up soon (SVP, etc), would you still watch?
Oh CAHSEE I hate you so much.
I'm too punctual for my own good.
JUST ME y whats up
To hot out here
It's 9:44 am. Do you know where your Wiener is? Sign up for the 6th Annual Long Dog Derby today!
Awe. If they really broke up, Justin would be sad right now...
venereal victor. vivacious victor. vacation victor.
cheer so hard
Brian, explain to me how one has to do with the other. You're unintelligible statement no basis in fact but hate!
I know girl me too!!!! Any insect makes me feel like I need to shower....👎😏
TONIGHT come to the End of the Year LAMP Party from 5-7 PM in the Commons! Enjoy pizza, prizes, and fun!
Thanks for the follow! We hope to see this great event brought to
#crimescene evidence sticky bowl w/milky residue. Ice cream bowl?chocolate along the side, spoon, hint of peanut butter maybe?
:) bored though.
Off to my defense.
Happy new year! Let Adara help you reach your resolution goals with our great BuyWithMe Boston slimming specials!
Back from Denver, nice to see so many foundations looking to help more students graduate with less debt.
A combination of OmniOutliner plus Google-Cal-synced iCal has transformed my ability to not forget things.
Boston comic con was a bit disappointing but meeting made the whole thing worth it.
If you like RT this
": long time no see fam" been grinding suga
HA. HA. HA so funny....and am I invited to this non 7-hour hair appointment activity?
Seeing myself on tv is rather hilarious! Newschannel 9 Anti-Bullying show...
Nothing lifts a girl's spirits like a new pair of shoes!
Why you gotta show up in that old t-shirt that I love? 👕💙
Lmao!! RT : I dont know why, but the phrase "Drop it like it's hot" reminds me of white people..
My popcorn didn't pop correctly....
beast mode
wow!! You got some serious #Swag now,every since you got signed... :D
I cant wait for tomorrow
Can't stand the bus when I need to be somewhere.
i care so much about .<3 lol
to be addicted or not addicted? I avoid games due to the "don't pry it out of my hands""i don't need sleep" that may follow.
Wow, thanks Fogs! What an honor... I'm verklempt man!
What happened with my life? girLs so post modern
Ladies and gentleman, we are at an impasse. Should this year's #movember blowout be on the Saturday before T-giving, or after?
I wish there was a two for one deal. I am dying to make some kick ass shakes
Walker is better politician. Worst Wis. Governor in history. We needed Russ Feingold.
Why did like 5 of my tweets erase?
where and the hell did this storm come from? #soscared #can't sleep
Chipotle, my man.
Ayo—thanks for the amazingly awesome new year card!!! I love it! You're the greatest!
Go LIKE MY FAN PAGE NOT THE STATUS Honey Rosee #PromotionTime -Clockwork
RT : We are looking for licensed locksmith's to join our team. For more info, call Fernando at 800-964-0700.
Luck to me is something else. Hard work - and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't. -Lucille Ball
Follow for great tweets that will make you think!
what's good?! How's the trip
got some awesome 3 part harmonies down tonight.. cant wait for the Bitter End gig!! theslidersmusic.com
Whatever it means, it's good news for John McCain.
How you gon become a knicks fan just because they playing the Heat.......bitch nigga move
Some high strung mountain music - live bluegrass by Pike's Creek & Sawdust Symphony getting started now
Legal on 4: Myths and realities of community property - KVOA Tucson News Legal on 4: Myths and realities of community property KVOA Tucso
geek speak mate
Collin's Corner... one of the greatest ideas in human history.
I'm not too sure what Lewis mighty is. I see it all over twitter, what is it about, what's wrong with the boy?
RT So a minute ago this stupid iPhone of mine was 36% then it became 60% and now its 33% wtf?! Stupid device -.-
I'm about to text you In 2.5 seconds :)
good point. And if a top guy loses early next week or at RG, we'll know whose fault that is.
#todayisagoodday because Tyler let me drive his truck and I didnt even ask 😊
Hey, I am just sayin'....... .com is available.....the twitter is available...... #ambientcrickets :)
r u single?
#SomethingIWillNeverForget the day my grandpa died ..
dude I been eating like 7-8 times a day hahaha late at night to=)~
Can't sleep. Mother effer. I'm so not going down stairs. Fuckin' aliens are down there.
tell my Canadian mother happy mothers day
#YouWereCuteUntil u said u don't like Led Zeppelin!
"The major advances in civilization are processes that all but wreck the societies in which they occur." A.N. Whitehead
RIP Steve Jobs. You changed the entire way by which we live.
I'm liking the Quadcore CPU, ICS & the new camera features. U cn do stills & vid simultaneously. RT :
shut the hell up i dont care hes a dick head
So is star trek
The Sarah Phillips story is not unlike almost every episode of Three's Company...
ANGRY ARMS.
Steak salad and fries!!! And studyn
There's surprisingly little written about the case in general -- I thought it would come up more with Brown v. EMA.
44 goals combined for #Penguins and #Flyers. #RedWings and #Predators have a combined 19 goals.
Interlink for CommitCRM adding ability for clients to view contract usage details via client portal.
Thanks #KW peeps for the RT! Got a response via twitter from support at #chase so hopefully they can help move things along!
And a Happy Healthy Prosperous New Year as well!
night guys im going to be posting more of my story tomorrow! i posted alot of parts today! haha story in my favs! ily thanks for the support
I hope you return to playing good springsteen someday. That string section is just terrible.
"You're not awkward. You just have a terrible, terrible personality."
the filling in our peanut butter cream'wich is peanut butter, butter, and sugar - delicious if we do say so ourselves!
#Boston what's good?
Let #obrien play..show that kids come first
hey kid great game! Keep your head up. Enjoyed seeing u play on #espn .
(894):stole 2 cases of forties frm some freshman in the woods by pretending to be a cop. the ten dollar spotlight is really turning a profit
My mentions suck! That's sad..
Happy birthday George Harrison
hells yeah! he's a keeper for sure!
English 3 ap dc has never seen a better old man in macbeth.
no its not cry baby
So, victory? Did man win, or did the pizza conquer all :)
no I got it as normal message
May have to wait unlike after Xmas., love. At least UK shoppers don't attack each other with pepperspray!
all I said is no? Not trying to b rude or anything
"Got a Trojan in my pocket... Matt Leinart *proud chuckles*"
totally blaming it on you and using my nephew as an excuse when people come by and see my Skylanders play set!!
Lolololol RT : RT : Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue.<how the fuck do we kno that, c'mon now.
I Will Overdose Myself On Ibuprofen IF THESE FUCKIN CRAMPS DONT GO AWAY!!!!! :/ #ThisLife <<<<<<< Not Ok.
It's just so sad, you know? I'd be devastated if my team left and went somewhere like OKC.
Also Del Negro is a joke of a coach, still dnt know how Memphis blew that series
sounds like a win-win! I've always wanted to hang glide, have you done it before?
UL has built the facilities, what have they won, other than the orange bowl? Need to Upgrade that trophy case on floyd St...
You could ask them if you annoy them and see what they say.
Awwuh ): I wish you did something instead of that when did you stop cutting ?
I wish you where here
I feel like I'm going to be sick...
Agree with (who will be on duty for the birth of aka Outlaw.) Give a friend a key.
big plans = going to my acting class with Vinny Guastaferro.
Relationships are overrated, but SOMETIMES I kinda miss having one.
Don't let us get into our zone!
Tulo out for 2 games. Can the #Rockies survive? lol
So glad to have the next 2 days off at work
Goldstein: if ruling is overturned, it could open up new cases challenging Congress and the federal government's power.
Happy birthday & night to you!
The mystery man, , now following me. Hm.
Well hello to the Twitterverse to one of my favorite Twits, !
Name your price . . . But seriously, can I offer any help?
they're a very talented team...why are they getting blown out??
Internet still down, phones dying. Bbl :p
Not a Marvel guy. Too colorful and outlandish. DC and Dark Horse were more my style as a kid.
Sitting at my desk BLARING the song that I think has the 2nd best metal intro of all time.
Kool Aid and vodka :)
I think you meant a different Kelsey... :)
Frisco's just a ride up the coast--road trip for sure!
NOTE: US SC's opening conference for the October 2011 term will be held on September 26, 2011. Stay tuned.
PREACH. RT "Im not a crooner. I write and produce music. Im a fucking artist."
Psalm 119:18 Open my eyes that I may see wonderful things in your law.
Everyone I know smokes weed except me
I have went through this atleast 20 times since January smh
I do prick
Sushi coma
Mayweather will be forever undefeated.
I'm quickly learning from the #CAJM conference that all of our docents should be required to sing (preferably musicals).
Anyone in Baltimore have facebook technical issues today? #facebook down
Had a good business week Heading back home tonight! No travel next week yeah!
Check out for great WordPress sites. They designed mine!
:-) Only a true geek would make such an association :-) Nice!
Just like they said of the Beats in the 50s, so they'll say of us now: they're drinkers with writing problems.
www.igoopon.com TODAY'S DEAL - $ 10 for $ 20 / $ 20 for $ 40 Worth of Coupon - Buzz BBQ
awesome! It's one of my faves too
RT How to ID #BalloonFiesta goers>> RT nice. I'm among a bunch of ppl with bed head
Why does grape flavor smell the way it is when actual grapes don't taste or smell anything like it.
Valverde comes out with an injury. Dotel in with 2 on and 2 outs in the 9th.
They played to near perfection. Nothing went the Lakers way last night. Whether you win by 29 or 1, it's only one win
1000 followers. . THANK YOU everyone for following. Rob
That is wonderful news. I guess my prayers must have worked.
im not sure id go that far..
I am loving doing these weekly conference calls and would love to continue them. What would you like to hear me talk about?
North Carolina, your Kung-Fu is weak. Forget gay marriage, you need to fuck up those people who work on Sunday. Did you forget Exodus 35:2?
Damn old man almost fucked himself up getting on the train. He on here looking like a banana lmao
#lol at the people who hash tag on Facebook.
is a goddess
Plz follow as I will be trying to tweet from both still, but ALOT more from #influxis. Thanks peeps :D
and yes I'm making fun of apple's censoring of the word j******k
Will Rubio's new book have more words than his last one..."100 Ideas for Florida," that contained 100 blank pages...
what's your sign? Are you a Libra, by chance?
Metta World Peace? More like Metta World War.
um. That's the worst thing ever, and would make me hate people.
Ugh , these seventh graders and their "complicated relationships". Like ruhlaxxxx your 12.
I have never seen rain that intense. Last night in our house and the yard and street are flooded. 2 inches in less than 20 minutes?
i heard sandy puked all in her car lmao
school school? College?
Being a Chinese American, this is a great manifestation of the past, and it connects the two cultures together.
There U Go Dancing Again...Lol-
Out of all the weapons used on Top Shot, what has been your personal favorite so far?
San Diego State coach Rocky Long didn't make his players available to the media. Beyond weak. SD media can spend more time on the Chargers.
I have not had experience with either. Cru is from the best vineyards right?
They look great! RT Getting some color-corrected stills from from our cinematographer Tony Burns. Exciting!
Javier's is legit down there too. No Bud Ice though i'm guessing.
looks awesome!
hello britney~ good morning~ love you my dear idol~ have a great day and take care <3
a close second is "The Promethean Charter School" in Butternut due to my love of Greek Methology
I actually really liked Cap. But probably not necessary.
Ashley knows she sucks at spelling and guess what Delanie I DON'T EVEN CARE! NOT ONE BIT!
Nice work on the
omg you would say that!! ;)
waiting for dijon hate when he sick
Peter, that was so last week! Tonite I was with our buddy Tim at #Manresa in Los Gatos ... then met up with Brenda & Ross
Sending out calming vibes of fortitude today as many of our clients and friends complete/submit their applications to the City for funding.
Am I the only leftist not that into DemocracyNow? It's a good news source, but I find it rather dull (side effect of cable-news watching?)
In due time ;) We're only kidding! RT : just about dying to become a super fan!
If anyone hasn't purchased a senior sweatshirt and still wants one, please contact us!
So if it passes HB 2549 would even make twitter beef's illegal if one the people live in Arizona. That's just crazy
*good luck!*
It has been a very interesting week so far. How has everyone's week been? =)
... Win or lose... DPG 4 Life. Happy New Year, JCall.
I keep it real on u niggas out there who live to fake
Huge college basketball game tonight #NCAAB. #MSU at #Duke...Who do you all like?
Oh really you can get any bitch you want? With that language of yours I'm pretty sure you can't.
there is nothing better then taking off your bra, and contacts, and trowing in pjs, with your hair up... <333
Enjoyed my day
Wow, that is such a lovely thing to say! I appreciate it! :)
last games of the season today, let's go out with a bang! #HAAAAAAAN!
Looks like Shabazz and Kyle Anderson both like to shoot all the time. UCLA will be terrible again with too many ballhogs and selfish play
where is my sighned shirt???? I liked and wrote a post 3 likes beat that. wont get my hopes up in case i loose im used to it
Happy Mother's Night! I will be anchoring with on the news at 11 tonight! See ya then!
Happy happy happy😁👏
Just won $5 in a lottery scratch card. Get at me.
omg I wish I was coming I tried2come but I wasn't able to get in ROCK IT (I no u will though) I LOVE u I will be there in spirit!
yep, that's how it shall be.
What's your favorite signature drink at Maguire's?
": Did you know your pupils dialate when you see a person that you think is really attractive?" we do that a lot. :)
m But can you tell him to text me ,,
In Minneapolis to talk #copyright and #museum policies at
Dallas! We are currently expanding our network of sponsors! Be sure to get in contact with us!
Nothing like a trip to see Becky at to make me feel like a teenager again
Hey , how about we leave Josh Hamilton alone. No one cares if he had a drink.
Having a good beer selection can make just about any place better!
you dnt think im listening to you, or paying attention to you, well keep on thinking that!!!
Today in Invention History: Frederick Allen patents a life raft in 1881
hahaha that's awesome! Hope you had fun! Excited to see you in April!!
Save $$. Enter your work for an #Emmy by April 2nd for discounted entry fees.
#NJ Repubs Frelinghuysen. LoBiondo and Lance applaud #SOTU promise not to back down on offshore drilling regs.
yea :) lol shout him out so he can get some followers .! his lame ah. ! lol
#spj Sunshine week is a chance for journalists to take pride in the work we've done and the work we still have to do
BOWL HI LANES - SUBURBAN COWBOYS IN 40 MINS!
Just landed in Manila! It's only been 11 years since my last visit. Just a layover though.
shareholder in Memphis. Grateful for no changes in the greatest uniforms ever!
Find out what a custom WordPress blog is supposed to look like.
Vote for AT&T Goal of the Week, Wk. 21
Goodnight world :)
Don't like to use "sponsored by" or "brought to you by" - GMAS's Summer Concert Series is using "amplified" by Pepsi...cool
Where are you headed for New Year's brunch? Maybe a little Blue's Egg for you?
and back at you. Happy Moms Day! RT : BuildingMoxie Thx much. Have a great weekend.
get called a slut, because guys hit on me... whats your reason ?
.... Denver is ready for a big mean ruff yo ass up tight end ... Let's do this Thomas !!!! The new broncos are here!!
shut up
where are you wanting it??
RT : The only reason I still speak PASCAL is to dazzle the lady computers.
Off to my last day of interning!
These jeans are never going to dry.
good morning Tania!!
Get in touch with the way the other person feels. Feelings are 55% body language, 38% tone and 7% words.
Doggy doggy doggy doggy doggy.
Cool tell me the songs and I love Vampires:D
One Hour Til They Will Be Having In Studio Today To Promote His Show Tomorrow With
#BadBoys4Life RT : haha! I seem to find them without having to call.
Why does #FCPX clear my in and out if I click elsewhere in the timeline? Frustrating!
Yeah, I checked! Not following and had to re-follow. Twitter is clearly alive and a Mean Girl.
Iont Even Wanna Go To Prom Nomo.
why is sports sunday at 11:35 when people will have to get up tomorrow morning to go to either work or school?
ha ha I actually heard that was a very very bad movie
VERY few MS students struggle with tech for more than a few min. Primary source analysis..different story
Went shooting today. Shotgun. Loads of fun! Want to do more!
8-ft sinkhole closes 2 right lanes on SW Kelly Ave, west of the Ross Island Bridge. Significant delays. Avoid area if possible.
I just really wish that I had a running bud, but no. I hate the scary trucks that drive by and STARE and slow down.
What we think, or what we know, or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence. The only consequence is what we do. ~ John Ruskin
A formula for #success? It's quite simple, really. Double your rate of failure.
That happened to me! Then the patron felt guilty and tried to give me a pen.
I don't think anything is as cool as the aggregate sound of the Clocks and Watches exhibit at the British Museum. Beautiful.
Nice structure for them RT : Mets owners will not have to pay anything for three years, buying them time to steady finances.
Pool party?
Nothing? What about the possibility of Chelsea still finishing 4th cos they'll need that when they lose the CL final ;-)
One more show for you! Wednesday July 27th at El Cid. Show starts at 8pm, we play at 11pm. Oh yeah, and it's free!
Eiji-san will be preparing some Live Maine Lobster this morning, come in a try it saffron baked!
Looking forward to those kind of disclosures for every news organization you tweet about.
I'm thinking the boy and I should get out into the sunshine for a bit huh?
Not cool if we tlking shit abt someone n you tlking shit bout us she needs to #GETREALBRO!!!
Check out the #Texas aerial photo business "Its a bird, its a plane; no, its just Erick taking some photos of #CRE"
my new glasses where made in Italy... i feel very Italian (;
is on Punk'd tonight?! :D
p.s. Hi Kim and Phil!!!
Spent the morning picking fruits & veg for the week at the farm! I'm done w/ Farmer's markets, going straight to the farm now
I want my tear back “: quit reading my twitter!!!!!!!”
hm, not sure...
Thanks for including ♥ Aoede ♪♫ in your Mad House News! Have an inspired week ahead!
That constant worying to find out "he was busy" ....
Im bout to fall asleep in the bank
#morningbowl for some
ms foley is protecting the AP econ exam though?
I (do/do not) watch YOUTUBE vids for help with my natural hair! (Please pick one)
"Losing my Virginity" by Sir Richard Branson. RT : What's your favorite book?
Britney Spears song at 1:00pm!! Be here to get your name in to OWN THE BRITNEY SHOW:)
you need too come to florida
I do admit, tho, that "Tom Sawyer" is actually one of my favorite songs.
Okay. (: are you excited for the other workshops? (:
The defense planted a lot of doubt.
A lot of people mistake a short memory for a clear conscience. -Doug Larson
The sunken park by the BMA on Charles and Art Museum Drive.
Hmm, not sure how but I just became the Mayor of Wendy's at JFK airport in NY. Wonder how long I can keep it
Trying to find work/life (writing) balance. Tough when you work 3rd shift with extended hours but I will prevail!
+1 RT : There should be a Pulitzer for data visualization. Some really amazing work being done by various media orgs there.
RT RT : 3 x CDs original "Royalty Free Music" specially made to raise money for HOPE HOUSE CHILDREN'S HOSPIC...
Why did I END the evening with an Awesomeness? I'd like yesterday to have been a little less epic at the moment....
lol I was!
At a "furpity durpity" restaurant in Miami, where we are being entertained by a real live jazz flute player! Yazz floot!
TY for the RT! Many blessings to you!
I'm so happy I found this spot!
Aye I'm going home.
So happy alterra is around the corner! I need coffee!
#HappyBirthday have anice day♥ p.s. I Love your music:)
ADD/ADHD in adults can lead to depression and low self-esteem.
Congrats to Chris Polk for getting picked up by Philadelphia. Check our timeline for a film about the player you just got, Eagles fans.
One day you'll realize you're really not better than everyone. Hopefully I'll be there to laugh in your face
Okay, caught up with the rest of the sports world.
I think that Congress is breathing a sigh of relief at this point. Now the focus (at least for a minute) will be on someone else.
Yes I have.
Cool, EGT sent me an email to see if I wanted to do some interviews. Uh Yes Please :)
I honestly just want to be a better person than I was yesterday
God is good. #blessed🙏
CHING CHING LING LONG
Think my hightop converses are my new go-to gym shoes. Not bad for squats, now to try deads in them.
Hello ! Happy humpday !
Oh, it was only supposed to be 2 weeks? Oops. RT : So essentially all work stops in Silicon Valley from March 15-31 ... ?
haha but If I do stay, it gives you a reason to come out west !
I think Philly could take our series long but ulimately we'll win. Bosh couldn't stand. I think he tore a muscle/is out for p'offs
lol these cry baby 18 year olds << stop actin like yall never eat ! shoot .
Thanks! Glad you like it :-)
you have a daughter. be fucking responsible.
Needs a new start
Thanks! Great thoughts.
OMG, looking at #Jamjars and his self-portraits have totally #ComeOutToPlay today
a4) I agree with bouncing ideas off of my team is always a great way to get the ball rolling.
funny how #romney was all over #newt about #fanniemae yet romney is an investor in fannie mae
Woke up in such a good mood this morning yayyy. 👍
“RT : you're so fancy” yes ma'am
very good problem. thats awesome
Our thoughts go out to the Hudson family. A difficult day.
Today's Question: What type of flowers produce vanilla pods?
Jus got home so happy my bro's home for spring break my niece & him are knock out too cute!! lol
Mechanical problem so who knows when I'll get to CA. What's for lunch WAA?
It is time to paint ze nails.
Wanting to watch the end of the #Preds game; but can't find it anywhere. Anyone know what channel it is on?
dot com
Brunch on the Upper West Side or SoHo, any suggestions?
Comical but very happy night =D
Your right, it's okay & everyone is looking forward to Friday. :)
Chris Electric Company is a proud National Electrical Contractor Association member since April 1, 1978!
Well said. I agree.
if they come to Mexico in September will be the best BIRTHDAY OF THE WORLD
Weird things always happen when I go out on H. St. Wondering if tonight will be any different! :)
how are you? :)
YES! I SO WANT IN!
How soon till we can use NFC for #augmentedreality and be done with clunky markers?
i'm about 2 stop tryna help everybody and think abt myself only time ppl know u when they want something i'm abt 2 b on some real bklyn shit
now suspecting that the medieval difference between specific form and substantial form was rooted in peculiarly strong mead
In the rust belt battle the Bucks handily prevail.
Um, Firefly! RT : If you could be in any sci-fi/fantasy show, what would it be?
cotton tale designs lizzie valance | discountwindowtreatments
because of Chip or the game?
Dick Clark, he gone.
to be fair, I've only broken a girl a few times.
ar least he thanked Countyr Radio :)
My mom complains cause she says I drive like a "gangster"
If you see today, wish him a happy birthday!
Love Michelle Williams in Fuschia!
I have caught a Coachella cold. Achoo!
Be nice to me Dylio
making the most of this gorgeous evening by finishing another 1k on the WIP. #amwriting in fresh air....the best way.
Musical class of 2012 - Winnipeg Free Press
< are you all still meeting? Just ended my meeting.
It was an unfortunate misfire for Paul Rudd, par for the course for Aniston.
If rapping wasn't so corny, I would take it more seriously!
All my stuff that I ordered last week finally came in today. 7 wrestling dvds and Jeff Gordons 2012 Dupont hat and the 2012 Nascar Day P ...
Really sweet block by on that would-be jam! Go
Tired as shit had fun with my baby;) but a shitty ending to a somewhat okay day
classic california.....
lord help me , I need you now
hosts "What Kids Aren't Learning" on Mon, March 12 at to discuss the role of education in civic engagement
Today I filed papers to run for re-election to the South San Francisco City Council on November 8th #ssfcouncil. Thank you for your support!
It's better to #communicate a few ideas effectively than fail at communicating several dozen.
Holy cold batman.
RT : its going down 2mar nite game MIA vs Dallas #freefood and right after the game its a party
Los Angeles Appliance Repair Company, AM PM, Offers Same Day Repairs on All ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Looking forward to it! RT Going downtown to film for the blog! I love showing off Houston!!
Wow, thanks ! was thrilled to present. Be sure to keep us posted on your progress, take-aways, & "aha" moments!
would love to talk with you about your biz. Please DM me.
that's my birthday too!
Once again, I come back from my two days off and theres crap everywhere, the floor hasn't been swept, and there's dishes in the sink.
I saw on the soup, that on my strange addiction, someone drinks nail polish. Hopefully you aren't that bad.........
Happy Birthday Michael Jackson!!!!!
I have asthma too! I love Chloe y'all are my fave!
64 now :D
completely coincidental. :( . Miss you dude! Hows the tour been? 1 month til we reunite.
Hi Karen, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better connect with your users. Follow me to DM?
Getting there!
cap'n slap a hoe n this bitch!!SLAP YO SELF HOE!!!!!!!
Lunch is always accepted!
going great! How about yours?(:
Hey! No problem!
Yeah, no shortage of humor in that photo haha
#Aries have an ambitious streak. Sometimes one person just isn’t enough but two or three will work out just fine.
I wish I was there
Hair up, and leggings.. It's an eca day :(
Hi Emilia....please send a shipping address to and we'll send you some prototype GF cookies. Thx!
awesome! Hope you can make it:D I'm going VIP (:
Im Right Here Just Holler If You Need Me
PickUpLine: Um...I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
blah my tummy hurts :(
Mr. Ogle will always pick on me. Forever and always.
you need to follow my other page !
thank goodness!
miami though
You don't have to use parchment paper. Parchment paper just means it won't stick. You can spray it with oil instead. Foil.:)
What's today's photo challenge? I will try and keep up now....promise.
Welcome to Twitter !
Nothing like getting home at 8pm!! Man i will be so happy next Thursday when this is all done!
No kidding. That could cause someone a heart-attack, thus creating an even higher bill! HI reform, where are you?
If the Heat get knocked out they'll probably go after Nash hard
Did you hear about the guy going off last night at Colchester Town Meeting on librarians??
Sidenote: my ceiling fan looks so bizarre right now..?
perfect tour including the boys.. leggo!
Safe travels & get up & move on the plane to prevent blood clots from sitting in 1 position too long.
“: Just took care of my homies who are locked up...Word!” #SwagLife Follow: &
You're welcome! :) And if Torts kills you, I'll be sure to sue CSoL for NIED. ;) I'd miss my Sconnie sis!
Hi guys! I'm back at the hotel. Are you around?
Another missed gimme for Saint John's...either this will be the #maineiacs night, or it's only a matter of time......0-0 in 1st under 6:30
Thanks to everyone I have worked with over the years, especially those who mentored me and politely pointed me in the right direction!
Hard work pays off
The homemade potato chips from Red Stag must come from ginormous potatoes. They're more like potato sheets.
Thanks for sharing! Hope to see you at our Kickoff event!
Might try this today! Cc: RT : Brunch is on. Come by to hang out with all the great folks at the blind dog
Today is going to be a good day. I'm going shopping and getting another tattoo #happy ☺👍
Loving these giant group hugs!!
ok, well I guess that makes sense.
2 Million a year just doesn't buy what it used to!
Developing Knowledge Management &amp; Organisational Learning ...
I need sum partii buddies
Manuel: "we always have hope as immigrants that a president will make changes but we can't wait, we have to do our part"
Proverbs 22:6 Train up a child in the way he should go; even when he is old he will not depart from it.
grilling Focus on the Family over DOMA. Science and technology always prevails over ignorance and superstition.
thanks for the morning inspiration!
Back at ya Pam!
Rec'd word my paycheck went down 2.0% because Congress decided to go on holiday! Get back to DC & do the job you were elected to do!
Amazing stuff. How many of us have ever thought about truly shifting the emotional paradigm with our work/branding?
Thanks for the RT Joel : ] Happy Wednesday.
Miller needs to give double-digits every night or the Heat are in trouble
I ain't never been the person to reach out to meet sonebody. If I see you I see you if I don't then owell.
LMAO! This guy-----> Bobby if you want me to help you fix the red sox call me I have some ideas ,red sox know how to contact me
Although she's at times cruel #icantstop loving her (music)
Just working, that's all I do forreal wbu?
Got to try out some voice authentication #technology courtesy of - very non-invasive compared to conventional
It's raining referrals. Two of them are fluency evals for bilingual students. Need to start sweet talking my translator again.
Opening Day Magic: Dodgers Tix Sold Out
Its Friday and I've been in the library doing these essay interview questions for 3 hours.
Adele thanks radio programmers for playing Rolling in the Deep. We won't forget. Smooth move Adele.
just got off the phone with Timber Jim! He is going to email you some details!
I don't like school.
shall we dance?
I would
well see ill meet the man I will marry then ask him if I should get bangs #icebreaker lol I think moms hinting at something
Cool Text The Broadcast, Frank [Caliendo] from Waukesha...
RT ": #MiddleSchoolMemories Me, Temekia, and Running and Shut Shit Down Lol" why I'm just seeing this?!
no; would be problematic with very large result files
Watching the x factor
We are feeling generous tonight and want to celebrate the return of #zapcash so we are going to give an extra $25 to second place!
IF U NEW WAT IT TOOK!!!!
going to sleep. her<3
thank you :)
Canadians know by now MLB's World Series is not a world championship. No other countries compete. And title comes from an early sponsor.
not a commentary on your session. Just think they have been too vague and lifeless. Let's brainstorm.
Aye tweet me mahomies ;)
whats good man.. just saying what up since we now on twitter lol together..
TGIF to all our tweeps out there! Thanks for the follows and for checking us out
Wish the Bulls could have gone to at least 7 to get the Celts extra rest.
where can I buy black UD basketball shorts like the ones they wore last season? Can you by the baby blues too somewhere?
in a heart beat.
Directionater: omg guess who I got tickets to!! me: get ur ass face out of my sight before I kick it to siberia.
"To see a world in a grain of sand, And a heaven in a wild flower, Hold infinity in the palm of your hand, And eternity in an hour."
Ohemgee it's gonna be 90 degrees here tomorrow. Yes!!
First Nations consider lawsuit over pipeline hearings
IT'S FINISHED!!! Now to stay awake through class...
my phone kept on falling at skool D:
Thanks to Gowalla for bringing an interactive online element like none before to
They always go on tour . hack no
You wouldn't believe it, but EXACTLY the SAME. Haha! I am truly happy that you are doing well.
Thanks for the tip!
WOW, What a WILD ride the finale was. Still trying 2 catch my breath. Enjoy ur hiatus while we try 2 figure out how this plays out
Just announced: welcomes Gomez to the Newport on July 22nd! Tixs are $20 in advance and go on sale 5/5!
dough nation doe!
Im about to say, it dont make me say it ah fuk it......What's the worst that can happen.
Looks like I'll be going wabbit hunting with today!!!! <3 x)
What are you baking today? Send us pics of your latest #cupcake creations.
Just saw the caravan escorting the #WTC beams headed from OH to IN. So cool! Lots of bikers on the road...
inspiration follows aspiration
i would if i wasn't drowning in work!! love you!
This is crazy. Once again, I find myself asking how I got so lucky.
Is that a site redesign?
aw I hope she is better soon! Love you hilly!! xoxo
wen ever u got the time u got a real guy friend
: no one [wins] an election by telling America that [it's at] the end of its "providential allotment of inexhaustible plenty"
LML we not goin to the pool hall do husshh
Have a great day!
best compliment ever. thank you!
Hey y'all, guess what?
EkU fulfilled a need on the OL with some talented transfers. The Moore kid from Hofstra should make an immediate impact.
Destroyed by MTV, I hate to bite the hand that feeds me, so much information - Duran Duran
at 5 is coming your way! Join & for news & weather!
& given you too many chances , so please don't mess this one up .
I get knocked down, but I get up again! your never ganna keep me down!
I'm downloading plenty music
hey b all u can b baby when is your bday?
GOP are rabidly cutting state & Federal agency budgets so service will decline. Set-up for massive privatization. = U pay more, get less.
It'll all get better in time
Time flies when you're having rum
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
Tijuana teaches putting enough bribe money in your wallet to feel comfortable and the rest in your sock... Or underwear.
when we met about elance, at Mars Cafe oh so long ago, never thought you'd be a comic. Hope to see you perform sometime.
Yes change in some form needed. Vyzral, spurling, gaffney. Spurling says he sees nothing but success.
Grr. Stupid phone. :( Tweet me to reach me!
my pace after 9 was good then it took a bad turn.
are you really Justin..?
Watching Tiger get back in the swing
Dear haters thanks for fueling the fire by saying you hated the tide when you meant to say the bcs
That's alright because I love the way you lie, I love the way you lie...
Why cant I just be Tyler Carter
I'd rather be eating chili in OB than working :-(
Will the Rams need to move up to get Blackmon?
Bout to disregard it all! My life is in Gods hands, entirely.
I am cautious about signing too many petitions. It devalues my signature.
s/o tu follow her
does that mean the person is honest only part of the time?
for sure! His stuff is always too new for the club when I play it but months later they love it. Haha.
RT Time to grind....school time💰💰have a great day!!! Let me know what new things you learn today! Blessings.
Absolutely! We should chat before you leave MA…we're in the Boston area.
Omg! He's got the most amazing eyes! What a Mr. Chubby :-)
Black Tea = My poison. Registered for the June SAT. Now, tackling this play piece by piece. Setting up the audition postings!!!!
A l l Dreams come true if we have the c o u r a g e to pursue them <3
Dope game easy bt the rap game crazy...
Good job yogi, good job
It was an absolute honor to be in the company of such talented and dedicated educators at today’s teacher appreciation ceremony.
just read your rant and I absolutely couldn't agree with you more! Your defiantly 100% right!
Had an amazingg time at the beach with Him <3
Last night's :HS reunion? More like a meetup.
Re: Wisdom & kindness. Indeed. Kindness that is not motivated by the rewards of heaven nor the fear of hell. True kindness.
always lived here
Think about where your future is headed? If you are unsure, then at 4:00PM EST! GET PAID 2 DRINK! call 218 548 0886 Code: 417091#
We Very rarely talk about sports on twitter....fuck it!!!GO HAWKS!!!!
We're here too!
I miss memphis tennese my cousins my dad
Worst game they've played in a long time. Now i'll join you in draft talk. Haha.
Hopefully you are making memories this weekend.
I don't think it is controversial at all, I think lotus could win if the race plays out that way
RT : Can't wait for the next #Foodiechats !!!
Im in love with
Watching the hunger games made me hungry
Something about reading during a thunderstorm..
Who wanna Take A Shot For Me.?:)
Oh, no ... RT : Sorry to hear this one. RT : RIP Duck Dunn. A true soul hero.
I sent my mom a vibrator, so I can pretend that I didn't call cause I didn't want to disturb her
And FWIW? You killed it! Team taptalks says Tx MT Get on agenda, 6:30am to DC, record #taptalks, do privacypanel
#GOAL 12OO #FOLLOWERS BY 10AM #F4F HELP ME REACH IT!!! #RETWEET THIS & SEND ME A #F4F ILL GIVE U A S/O 2 MY +1000
New #IMLS Act "advances the roles of libraries and museums in education, lifelong learning, preservation and workforce development"
LOLOLOL its okay im not part of your little club....
EXACTLY. im most likely doing that too ahaha
Happy Tuesday. My favorite story on #wisn12 is the space shuttle piggy backing a ride to D.C.
I keep track of New Books List variants in a very haphazard way -- with a NBL email folder titled "Adaptations"
Staring at a picture of a cute dog while listening to a Barry White song = Best Laugh Challenge
Yea fam, U got like 3 or 4. Keep make'n dat good music & I'ma spin it like a pass 4rm Tom Brady!
I can't sleep so I'm up watching the movie Bruno. It's stupid as HELL but I can't stop crying laughing.
Gets Married In 3DAYS and I still never received my invitation that shit CRAY!
Plus...don't forget that Monday is the last day for the Back To School Sale! Hope to see you this weekend :)
Where do you want to go today in our air conditioned cabs?
beautiful nail polish!! Love this color!
ill help
Rose bowl without a doubt, at least there is still time left to redeem ourselves instead of making it to the 'big one' and losing
I talked to #SirPaulMcCartney about our similar diets, except that I don't eat meat, fish, dairy, grains, fried food or sweets.
Will had a double play tonight...almost a triple!!!
thanks :) and one more favor, DM us the rest of what you love about them :)
Fuck a house
At for the first time. Bartender tells me the specials. I say, Well... I came in for the..., then she finishes: junkie burger
"Who's watching the fights tonight?"
We can place you on our guest list if you would like? Free before 1am!
Finally enjoyed my first sopa de mondongo, complete with tripe, bone marrow, and hoof jelly. Topped if off with cash only cans
I have no time anymore and it's stressing me out. I just need a break.
Fish are a big-eyed lot. It's a fact. They can seem quite beseeching, esp. when gasping for air.
And now for greetings from the faculty with Kevin McCoy as representative
Live by the gun... die by the gun.... r.i.p ma new orleans homie.... fucc... niggah spechless ...
Hall & Oates sounded pretty hot on The Voice.
A Tribe Called Quest all day.
going out there for work on Thursday…
I can't possibly be this bored
Yuppers Dallas is the best!!! ;)
Son: How much does it cost to get married, Dad? Father: I don't know son, I'm still paying for it.
Just realized I havent been on twitter for awhile
that being said, LA is a huge sports media market, and a successful Kings season would do wonders for #NHL as a whole
Oh no!
Everytime the heat scores a piece of me dies
Why are my boys so sprung off bitches
This tour is making me miss college
I get to see her tomorrow... So excited. It's been two months since I saw her. :D
John Gottman (www.gottman.com) has figured out a way to predict which marriages will end in divorce with over 90% accuracy.
Bull crap stinks, no matter what the delivery method.
Making great sacrifices for family today. These sacrifices involve hanging out at Williams-Sonoma for hours and meeting a famous person.
Heart💜 this little piece of inspiration!
I'm tired of not being able to see
What kind of videos are you interested in
Gooooodmorninggg to al My followers n new followers :)
You are welcome Iginla, #mnwiId let you have number 300 & 500 career goals.
Wow rest in Heaven Whitney Houston.
the axis of the music world rotates and spins from Whitney and Bobby's cre8tion..Stay strong and bring forth the nxt gene8tion!
well when bitched get bold, it just has to happen
Never, ever surprise a room full of students taking practice MCATs before noon on a Saturday. Never. Ever.
thanks, we will be introducing sub$1,000 gaming pcs soon. Give us 1 week. remember the custom copyrighted art
#KyrieIrving going off
What a shame RT Researchers analyzed 10,662 tweets mentioning #seizure or #seizures, 41% of tweets were derogatory...
On June 7, the history of a neighborhood will lead a transforming conversation on Change at #TEDxAdMo. Ready to be a FORCE?
Mexican Night. Margaritas. And now I'm making my husband watch Stardust.
I love love
Make sure you want to get in the ring before you get in the ring.
If necessary, Game 7 of Rangers-#Caps will be Saturday at 7:30 p.m. ET.
Hey everybody it's me Mason guest tweeting again. We have a bunch of teams bur no pics yet. Tweet me your favorite team pics
Mama Forever Calling Names & Shit .
Thank you!! <3
loving this weather.
Today feels like a salad sort of day. We’re partial to the Chop N Toss Salad but we’ve got plenty of options to choose from:...
Landline: unplugged. Sorry candidates, just too many of you.
If we don't stand up for children, then we don't stand for much.
sick Drum KiTs
Miss the simple days, like when you would go to buy Doritos and the only choices you had were Nacho Cheese and Cool Ranch.
It's a beautiful afternoon in El Paso.
I know. I'm a "smart" baseball guy, sometimes I just go out there to have a good time and yell.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!!!
Thanks a million to and for today's great #lodlam presentation and workshop. #si20 Great to meet all the attendees!
A car was on fire on pierson rd.
Wade traveled there!!!
@ Maria Maria. Packed as usual!
HAPPY TURKEY DAY!!
Ain't nothin' wrong with a truffle shuffle.
ha ha ha Goodnight Dean
WWYD if u&JUSTIN BIEBER were alone in a room? I wuld jst talk to hem act goofy show him who iam u no(:
I'm finna go to class . Fuck it
I was just going to tell you I got a weird DM from you & to change your PW. My only DM from you & it was spam. :'( Sad face.
A reminder that our #soccer tournament dates have CHANGED from May 21-22 to June 25-26! We hope you can still make it out!
This dude on #americasgottalent can belt it. Glad we have freedom to express ourselves. Woo!
Drinking, the musicians LSD of northern Wisconsin.
Probably as much as us Passover-observers feel! RT Do lactose intolerant people feel slighted on National Grilled Cheese Day?
i cant find you:( its so hard.
I was elected yesterday at my county convention to be a delegate to the Tx state convention in June. Who's going to be there?
True true. ^_~
Glad We Got Thru That Shit!
I'm excited to see you too, babe!
Hey Big Eye Brow! :-) How the heck are ya'?!
