Alive today? you are in the mix. Make sure your flavour is mentioned in the tomorrow of those who tasted today. # Create:Activate:Inspire
I love music!! I cant wait to get over this endless stupid flu and get my voice back so I can start singing again! I miss singing :/
OMFG! New house gets Bravo. My life is made and I'm totally set now. 😊 missing the Internet though.. Oh wellZ! YAY for my channels.
Oh Sister, I just saw a Nun get patted down by the TSA! (who can come up with the best related pun?)
Killed it today. Much needed stress reliever as well. Stay ready so you never have to get ready 💪💪🙏
Man my iPod is on fire right now!!! Just good song after another!!! I'm diggin it :))
Marina talks about training herself for endurance and focus.
Nowak: I'm glad he's going to be going home and play for coaches he knows.
Taco Tuesday 🍸
Wausau is a known for what again?... Why the pitty?
Hospitals suck!
will always keep a smile on my face no matter what:))RT if you think the same<3 us mahomies cant explain how much we love you
RT : If you have a cock for me this morning ~ retweet!
#SEOChat how is it?
Heads up.Not at the Ritz in Chicago this Fri. I'll be in the studio recording w/ Kate Quinby. At the Ritz on Sat. though.7-11p 160 E Pearson
#egypt #libya #iran you are in our hearts every moment! We see you! We hear you!
I'm just wrapping up. Have a good show! RT : I'm well. Waiting to go on air at 11:20.
So...cold taco bell is much nastier than you'd think. GEESH
i know this crush ain't going away
LA needs a Waffle House out here!! I still haven't found a good breakfast spot yet!!
i just returned from an edit session that involved home video footage of a famous person naked in a bath. i have seen the soapy boobs of...
Andre says hi. Come to DC.
hush yourself
Glad to have an Option #5!
u already kno im gon be there
Going to watch a movie...Goodnight!
whats the bathroom situation in there, do you have enough food?
"planet pigs will evade and slay your meat friends and sex kill your jelly bugs"
This is a test of WP to Twitter. (1523264)
Good morning babycakes!! 
The dollar store needs to open some gas stations. $3.79 in Charlotte yo! Crazy!
Everyone is leaving, i'm still with you c:
“Sometimes life seems like a dream, especially when I look down and see that I forgot to put on my pants” - Jack Handey
My pleasure. Thank you! ;-)
I have no problem doing my civic duty; I just think I've done more than my fair share at this point. ;-)
And we look forward to having you in our house! Thanks for supporting - #PorterSupporter (trying to coin that right up...).
Today is the Alberta Street Teahouse's 5th Anniversary!! Thanks so much for all of your support over the past five years!
Need math tutoring? middle school through university courses -- tutoring.4.mathematics at gmail.com
no problem :) neighborly love
Haven't been tweeting as much....hmm I have no idea why
Thanks, Heather. Glad you enjoyed it!
Hahah Austin drew a smiley face on my toe. :)
Need an extra dosage of cafeine for this shitty weather
My girlfriend is at a party and I'm on tumblr...... I need a fucking car .-.
yes, it is most definitely dress weather!
lmfaoooo im wit it
You too ! ": Everytime "Father Can You Hear Me" Come on Madea , i Get Chills"
Great information on mobile marketing for nonprofits today 's #NPO SIG workshop!
yeah I love it when Joe does that- thanks for listening
” tackling high that's a great way to miss tackles” Simms on Pats D. Petros dad could not agree less.
To much pressure & I'm nervous
I've mentioned 39 -- now 40 -- times in the past week. You should feel loved, young'un. :D
My arch enemy is trying to stop my empire building again. Probably antagonized him by standing in front of the mirror yelling at him.
Every SUNDAY! RT : hosts RITMO : Free Dance lessons, Ladies Free before 10:30pm.
Our pleasure! Have a great day.
i can't say the same
I don't think anyone's tweets today are going to be anything other than mentioning....PACKERS, PACKERS!!!!!!! Celebrate with a vacation!
I was wedged between a woman in a full polyester suit and another who kept intentionally shoving me this AM on the train.
where are you and Alex? I tried texting him!
Prairie dogs are not kosher--things I learned at
Nothing like a mid-day workout w .. Couple of sets, a whole lot of chit-chat
I chose Rice, because it was a place that seemed to value things like the arts and student engagement.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. – Bill Gates
really has me thinking about issues surrounding social media. He's asking some tough questions. Check him
as a Central NY native, I recommend you grab lunch at Dinosaur BBQ. #1 BBQ in America
ah.. Jersey Shore cast? can anything in italy be terrible? :) RT 4th of July in Arezzo.
": See ya at Wesy A then!!!">>okay...see you then.....its going to be a good time!
HELD OVER! Thanks to popular demand, we’re extending Restaurant Week through 9/30. Hurry in for $10 lunch or $20 dinner.
Sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do to get where you need to be.
I hate losing
I think it`s safe to say the Giants have this one in the bag. Once again the Pats D lets them down.
RT“ SEE ITS MEN LIKE YOU MAKE IT HARD FOR MEN LIKE ME TO GET A GOOD WOMAN”
Searching for internships In the Chi
Who wants a knight in shining armor? I'll take a sparkly vampire in a silver Volvo over a dork in tinfoil on a smelly animal any day!
There's always Curling, Canada.
yes, they're okay. luckily escaped with only bumps and bruises.
god, shut the fuck up. im putting in my headphones to drown out this chaos.
That txt i just got << :(
That's a shame. RT : Just heard Ryan Seacrest will join NBC's Summer Olympics coverage.
We love when the students pop in even when they're on break! Looking forward to a great semester with everyone and many guest artists.
I feel like I'm moving in slow motion I know ima regret these in the morning
The glory is all yours RT : Thank u Major Gauge
about to fall asleep lol :) how was your day hun? :)
If you could be the best at anything, what would it be?
Catching up with old friends >
Well... I'm gonna do it know. "How is your jaws, Thom?"
1,192 followers!! Having a good day today!
"Thanks for your quiet competence. You are a thinker. You be da bomb." Thank you card from my chief medical officer made my night. :)
Money is happiness, but you can't pay hookers with smiles so.... who knows.
I don't suppose you would enjoy being fact checked publicly...
Love; without it, life just wouldn't be LIFE.<3
New cat bed only partial success. Apparently I produce more heat than the heating pad. Still, Cocoas accomplished.
Not enough time in the day. Not even close.
You can teach yourself anything by reading.
And game theory has weighed in on whether the Joker is the true savior of Gotham.
WHEN I SAY JUSTIN Y'ALL SAY BIEBER... JUSTIN!<3
I'm fine thank you.
I got my baked goods!...well their bought goods. But still!
same here, and it's like only 9! cuuuh-razyyyy.
It owes us lol. 11 more inches and we can have what we were originally told.
The Suns dancers should really post their dances somewhere because people want to learn that sh*t.
I think "taco" is another word for "drugs" ahahahahaha #Victorious #TheBreakfastBunch. The cast is so high right now hehehe
Follow us?
Rumor - July another round of CC cuts coming....
hell i dnt kno. Im doing this from my phone. But ill chk into how to do it.
we're doing a new year's eve story on a bunch of places for you to go to for new year's eve. do you have any ideas?
Love love love
hi twitter tweets :)
Participants not users.
What a great year at the #MAL can't wait for August when it's football/maggot season
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :) I GIVE YOU A SOLO SHOUTOUT :)
I know!! I'm just so attached to them. Haha
#revisioningnagel museumbox....can take video, pic, attach doc, sound and words on the cubes
Yo ghetto ppl. If u wanna make fun of Chinese ppl for saying "fly lice", u better not say words like "bof" and "sang witch"
I'm pretty sure I'll be the only one not leaving after honors day tomorrow...
some rich kids did that to my aunt once in the '70s. they were like, 'wait here, we'll be right back' and returned w/bucket
will you tweet me a heart plz...i would like XD
Can somebody bring me a BUD ICE?
somebody give me some new words to replace sick and chill
Obama Gets Sneaky and Sigs Executive Order To BAN DRIVING and TEXTING as of NOW. It is now illegal to text and drive a car in United States
Well it's today or never. The last paper of grad school is due at midnight!
Feel like today gone be a good day..... Hope so
My favorite happy hour spot in the neighborhood is _________________?
We think you guys should form a super-hero team. Jes sayin.
LOL THANK U :-)
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.
Good morning all!
You'll never need two, cause I will be your number one <3
Tired as hell,heading to bed.
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
thank you for supporting us on this rainy evening, V!! See you a Tues soon!
I suck so bad at streak for cash
Yeah RT : We just listened to your new single "Are You Happy Now." Sounding good!
At the same damn Time !
Welp wheels up back to Findlay!! 🚗💨
Oh, how true..
I just read the reviews on Amazon. Mostly amazing. I'm looking forward to reading.
no. just following people aha
I will really miss my Pops too! But the jungle calls. You can do it V.J.! The Spirit will come...it always does!
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did! xx
Can you define "applied play" for us?
working hard to get back on track with the new line up! can't wait to see you guys are shows! :D
I really hate dealing with self-important assholes.
bahahah I'm so funny!
Finished her second year NLM Associate Fellowship colloquium presentation. It went well. Thank for for all the support.
A friend suffered a stroke yesterday. 39 yrs old. He was a recreational cocaine user. Is there a relationship? You bet
I'm intercontinental when I eat french toast.
math class kinda makes my day haha all the boys make those 40 minutes not so bad
same. We can learn from each other. We are both students of love. Wow so deep my n-word
Packer twitter injury curse?
Thank you Serbia Girl, I am following you.
I just realized something a bit scary & sad. If you were born on the day the #Bucks won their (only) NBA Championship you'd be 41 years old!
#Leos are known to be very charismatic
sure what's your Skype?
I don't know but it is def gross!
So at i held hand... my life is made<3 he was like you know... superhot(:
Tip#148: Please read my column on coachingtokens.com to learn about the who, what, why, and how of coaching.
On my to my college TWU WOO!!!!!!!
Where will the music go next?!
Students unlock their creative potential as they "translate" Jewish texts into visual stories. Check it out on our Facebook page!
Need someone to tlk to
as confirmed yesterday, my posts are not interesting.
Don't want to reinvent the wheel if I don't have to: Any librarians out there have posters comparing titles I can borrow? If you like...try
2- were starting to slowly fall apart and I do not want that at all :( hopefully one Day we can be as close as we use to be or the way (c)
Thank God its Friday, once again!!!!!!!!!!!
Cities seem 2 b building more skate parks than bball & soccer fields in public parks. Can't be cost effective. Corporate sponsorships?
In bham at the movies bout to watch think like a man
Is rehearsing after taking Alex Paraskevas 7:30 yoga class. Join us! www.YogaChai.com.
Great show. Might have to see if I can dig up some old episodes and see what I am in for.
Explain what a tweegram is? ❔❔
do you know of tweetadder pro unlimited profile user
Insomnia is my best friend... -Nate
#SoTellMeWhy we thank God for every smile, but blame him for every tear?
That's the total released by MDA.
It just feels wrong to listen to "Hard Day's Night" on the way to work in the late morning.
its 2 early 2 go negative lets be nice 4 say 24hrs? Only because I gave Filner a reprieve 4 Harvey Milk
thank you mama !!!!!
And now my computer has gone stupid, perhaps a sign to go to bed?...
have to spend money to make money...Get it done already.
Good Morning y'all!
RT Every choice you make establishes your own identity as you will see it and believe it is~ACIM
Im literally in tears looking at all these tweets to chris brown. Omg.
I've heard the city is really cool. I'm hoping I get to explore a little bit outside of the conference while I'm there.
In basketball, the Pac 12 is our little sister.
Would it be mean to RT w/comment someone's tweet where they tried to be funny but bombed instead?
I'm with u! If I can inspire 1 person 2 be better then I'm happy #Desire2Inspire :) RT : I just want to make a change...
Happy Mother's day!
much warmer since the power came back on. Are you still w. Fuze?
proves in older english meant "to test" like in spanish "probar". So it's more "the exception tests the rule".
Jan Brewer and the GOP is a disgrace to women in America! Period.
The beauty of Virgin America is in the details. Wifi, free Absynth, free Movies, TV, games, chatroom, seat-to-seat chat...did I say absynth?
She kiss u with the mouth she gave me head with... smh
- Celebrating the birthday of George Gershwin!
and generational diversity which my colleague and I will be discussing....
This is just for my own god.
Less to shave. Be grateful.
*tosses you a pudding shot*
hey :) i know me too :p
are you on virgin and tweeting live in the air?
COME OUT TO #ColumbiasGotTalent APRIL 23RD!! STAGE 2!! (618 S. MICHIGAN) 7PM!! DON'T MISS IT!!!!
Its hot af !
One day, the stars will align
I wanna wink at you drunk LOL I for some reason can't wink. My whole face moves its hilarious
13 hours in studio for is dedication but how much time was spent doing actual work? Love the show guys!!
Commission votes to move forward draft BOE districts for next round of public comment
RT is that YOU in your icon ?? -yup.
Come by my lecture on Latin Jazz next Tuesday at 7pm in San Jose. More info at www.sanjosejazz.org
Evacuated from office...actual firemen and trucks....blah
This kitty is obsessed with my hair.
Good luck to the wrestling team tonight as they make statement vs a D1 program! #showemthelights!
How old was he?
Brownies, although I'm thinking of subsituting nutella for the butter - extra chocolate-fudgy goodness!
do you realize has 2 "From"'s in headline of CEO to CFO article?
that was the cutest text i've ever gotten.
Join us & , , Realistic Dino Damage & (1st show!) End Trading Co. -Sanford FL. May 19th $5
oh, I'm drinking bourbon homie.
Hola from one Mamacita to another! So nice to meet you :)
R.I.P Biggie!!
Our showroom will be fully stocked soon. Will be working all weekend to get the inside done.
What would you do if said "i love you" to you?
S.O.S
Haha im way more classy than a hillbilly
Thanks for the support!
Ive falling in love with this city.
can i have a shoutout please?! i love you!
just finished singing karaoke at some restaurant to baby by Justin bieber it was funny ;P
A magazine once accidentally published a photo of Victoria Justice thinking she was Nina *Dies*
Happy birthday!
Headed to this weekend! Hopefully the wet stuff stays away!
Sometimes great things happen to those that wait. All will be revealed soon. Love to my followers
I'm gonna sit on his little ass.
God morning world! <3
just a sleep.aid.
Yeah Im gonna have a hard time not thinking about Juan at work..
Life is full of things that let us down or up, but put God first and you will always be on the right path.
Another long day and 9 days into my 21 day Daniel fast...craving, but hanging in there.
Seriously question here. Is Darryl Sutter disabled?
Hot cocoa after skiing some black runs for the first time makes the hauling worth it. Not doing too bad for an old lady who just had baby.
On our way to The Neenah Eagles Club
That one allergen in the Memphis air today is lethal....and I don't have
hey hey sitting here with my bff about to go to the football game and see nick to !!! yeah :):)
sweet roasted corn at #westseattleummerfestival for the win
No idea. It looks awesome though.
#lis483 Great connection! WGwg could be VERY popular w/ Glee fans, but most of my friends stopped watching. Still popular w/teens?
rarity != greatness... although it *is* impressive. I cannot believe I'm tweeting...
Want to throw a quick TY to for always drawing my attn to cool stuff on the twitter. I'd miss a lot if not for her!
Hopefully they get a deal done b4 training camp.Going 2 plan a cheer section at latrobe. People have been asking
man... i dont want to give up this hour tommrow
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you've never met.” #indeed”
Why does only my left foot hurt? I walked on both of them all day. There was zero skipping or hopping today.
SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW!!!! 143
BREAKING: Lois Lowry is describing how her new release, BLESS THIS MOUSE, was inspired by a REAL mouse!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend!
diets are unhealthy. cycles of weight loss followed by weight gain make you lose calcium from bones & lean tissue from the body
Safe travels and good luck!
Thanks you guys!!
Lights go out and it's just the three of us. You, me and all that stuff we're so scared of.
thanks man! Now record another album so I can do yours again! Haha
just had my civic religion: pledge of alliegance & star-spangled banner
BEACH IN ONE FREAKING MONTH. I CAN'T WAIT. GET ME OUT OF HERE.
My pastor just said..Kroger got steaks on sale today..thank you Jesus
I also enjoyed talking at intermission w/actors & Duane Leatherman, both in "12 Angry Men" at #Noblesville 's Belfry Theatre.
finally lol": Can we skip the "getting to know each other" part and just get on with fuckin ???"
Seeing Eye Online Auction Dinner with Betty White, Yankee’s tickets, exotic vacations and much more are being auctioned off to support
. Guess we know what her priorities are..."things." But "things" before her child is scary.
thanks for the article. very helpful info.
I'll be patient today and wait until tonight for you to drop it.
RT Nightclub bouncers find me so attractive that they ask me to stand next to them while they make everyone else go inside.
#Caps Laich said he asked Hunter if there was anything he could do to convince him to stay
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: an open marriage but the husband and wife are ugly, a dentist and his asst/wife who love bad teeth.
Counting Crows about to play to an awful lot of people Filming for HD Net
naw I ain't mad is funny to me
I did.
HAPPY VALENTINE's DAY TO ALL THE ZOMBIES BUT FIRST LOVE YOURSELVES BEFORE GIVING LOVE TO OTHERS
oh no how will you survive!?!?
Watching best of bollywood on AVS TV and making tracks on my resume...
Shirtless man lying down in the park = Sunbather. Shirtless man lying down on Civic Center Plaza = Homeless.
Well besides the dinner, this birthday was just like any regular day in Henry county.
She is more to me than just an image or painting...she's everything that I've always wanted #MyMoniLisa Germania and UK you are my focus.
:D yup. Can't wait for that either
Thanks for the kind mention, following you.
I'm not even kidding... I am breathing cologne out here on TI. I'm outdoors and the smell is so thick it's sickening. And confusing.
until that kobe 3!
I sincerely hope the three of you will hang out at Confab *raises a glass in absentia*
In the booth, you learn the truth. Our mic sounds nice, but it will not lie on you
Great- Losing Dad reminded him how much he loves you, misses you, and never wants to lose you...:)
50 My Little Pony episodes in 5 minutes? Yup.
the whole Bernard tapie thing is an 8 month long April Fools joke IMO
I feel like saying the same thing to my friends!
Where's everybody at
I fell asleep on #oomf twice last night in the middle of our conversation, lol, i hope he doesnt think i was ignoring him, i was just tired.
Thanks for the
If i had access to milk crates & phone books, you could have expected to see that mysteriously appear at your desk tomorrow
Sure, u got your hope's up. Then came crashing down. I can totally see how that would be crushing. I'm so sorry!
Stormy weekend in south Florida. Not letting it stop me from getting out.
LOL!! - Have the Democrats pulled their convention out of North Carolina yet?? Obama losing there in poll to Romney 51% - 43%.
Hurry up and end play rehearsal!! I wanna go home already!!! ^_^
Don't believe the "Pat Sajak and Vanna White" rumors... No one can be that dull and drunk at the same time...
Bogo with bitches
ugh! Never fake that, take all the help in life you can get. That is how you grow as a person and gain sanity. Been there...
nah man. You wanna go let's go
It's time to stop "shoulding" all over ourselves and live the lives we are meant to be living. No more "I Should" - let's "I Will"..
There's nothing I've looked forward to more today than watching the Frank Warren () Ted Talk on my lunch break.
Why do people keep assuming that I suck dick.. ? tf ¬____¬
Note to my family, the bathroom is NOT a gathering place
Steelers cut farrior
Thank God for giving me life and another chance to be great today! I Love You Lord God Almighty ! Bless Your Holy Name!
AH awesome season this year! Can't wait RT : It's so awesome to see two tap dancers on So You Think You Can Dance. Miss it so much!
back from the rivanna trail with sore feet and happy dog
i been followin you bro
LETS GET ANOTHER TITLE BRO!
i love how corny can be. he makes me laugh all the time(: i wish he would notice me just once <33
Robert H. Schuller: Let your imagination release your imprisoned possibilities.
Three bridges
near Hyde park, space with character...
fat, a person has to burn
O_o guess my invite got lost in the mail... no hard feeling, just dont forget next time ;P
Finishing up today's Party Guide feat. , & Super Bowl madness!
Haha that's a big statement! Thanks Mandi!
Tell your Mom i say Happy Mothers Day ! ♥
this looks awesome!!! Count me in for #redbullchallenge fun
yup:/ but your hella lucky nick follows u(:
be safe! make sure to pack some jackets
Avoided a sunburn, except for my hands...
Heading to my twinnys house ✌💋
#artpolitics phase one: ghost army. Sonic deception tactics.
You know ur official if you have anchors on ABC saying "BOSS"D UP" lol .Go NIkki!
Because of one person. And we had to move so far an guess what? I never get to see brad or tanner anymore so fuck you all of u. Why would
NPR:What is the best part about being a musician? Franchesco Manchini:Playing with other musicians
Chili in the crock-pot. Smelling good already! Gonna be a cozy Kessler evening!
Happy 4th of July!!! Stay safe & get
I've used this form for a proposal that will produce software as a "digital product" & believe it covers data also
I really like where I'm at in this life and I would not change one thing about the way I have learned how to deal with people
Hello Hoyas! We're excited to be a part of the Twitter world. Don't forget to follow us to keep up with our products and services!
Gross! She needs to stop whining so much in all her songs. And stop being fat.
I'm going to get a back piece tat of Chris Paul shooting over both Gasols.
Who wants to drink at the #mifflinmansion with me and !?!
To my twitter friends, please feel free to share the "STAY THE F*** AT HOME! video from YouTube. Its the only way to survive Carmageddon!
Waldo very much disagrees with this assessment. See also: shoes.
Merry Christmas Everyone - Enjoy every moment of it and have a blessed holiday!
HEY ALL! Follow us on Twitter!
Pups woke me up at 4:45 and 6:20 to go to the bathroom. I'm glad she woke me but I'm so.tired.
": i know my boy has me on these #centennialfees" was you with me shooting in the gym?
BIG Q is whether SCOTUS will limit its eventual review to Romer analysis or reach the broader DP/EP args.
he concierge desk is a fertile information ground!
15 minutes till closing time!
Rest in peace Steve Jobs
it's called
I will try.. Thank you for being here for me : I love you best friend
#Trivia What year did Miller Park open?
I started taking an iron supplement & noticed huge improvements with general fatigue.
At 7 tonight on Performance in Pittsburgh, Juilliard Baroque (a 2011 P-G Top 10), cellist Adam Liu, plus Shadyside organist Mark Anderson.
I am always looking for good mortgage lenders email me your info at
THANKS! and if we're the yardstick then my penis is 3-feet long
lol. But u do such a swell job at it.
Thanks for the RT =]
You know what I'm tired of your complaining about what I do-__-
it turns out that it's just the onset of arthritis.
Thanks for the mention!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 28
When i was in high school i use to hustle off burning cds
The Wabash 44th Annual Christmas Festival of Music and Readings was fantastic! Thanks to all who helped make it so very wonderful.
Heavenly Father, Upon Me To The Coronation! I Deserve It Brought Music For Clarification
It always comes a moment of hopelessness. Then you just have to wait for returns. She always comes back, though sometimes wait years for it.
awesome. is a badass!
After i have been in a car for 4 hours i have to pee and am really pissed off.
New/old icon with my fav and her brown hair #love :) What do u think about this new icon on Twitter account?
I wonder if my still being drunk will affect my eye exam...?
Only if they pay...
Italian. *outstanding* Italian. semi-dressy.
. SEE! You can't even watch the SUPERBOWL without thinking about emacs! it has infected ur brane! REPENT! BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
sorry for the delay, I was busy. I'll visit to Chicago when I do.
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Greg from everybody hates Chris
Car battery is super dead... Ugh
Attn #SMM pros: the conversation starts w/YOU! Create a great elevator pitch with me tonight #MyBookClub 8PM EST #epitch RT
08 Linne Calodo Nemesis (Mag) 1of2. Deep, dark, rich GSM from the LC blending wizards. Blackberry, cherry, cedar nose. Incredible heft
": It's time to remember the ones we've lost. We love you and we'll never forget you." R.I.P great Grandma I love you <3
Life is too short to hold resentment.... That's y I curse u out now so I can get this little person off my back
Change your baby's diaper lady
FOLLOW OUR MASCOT & FAVORITE 21XL MEMBER ON INSTAGRAM <3
This kid is very over the top. Can't wait to see what she does at 30!
I wish that were the case.
why am i even in flex mode, you ask? because one of my songs *really wanted* to be sped up 5 bpm. and most everything has been recorded
Hey what's up Twitter World. Hope all is Blessed  Yesterday was Great, we shot another Episode for Guidance Web Series. So much Fun. 
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME143 <3
Is that definite?
Very true. I'm a Mizzou fan and even I can't stand The Antlers.
Remembering a good friend and great teacher today. RIP, Mr. G.
"Bitch I'm talking ca-ca-ca-ca-ca, Then more ca-ca-ca-ca, Hit your Roof until I Pop your top up, Then more ca-ca-ca-ca til I know I Gotcha"
“: I want to go to Vegas or Miami pretty bad right now for some reason.. Not sure why” there doesn't need to be a reason
thanks. You always care so much for me.
its actually in SF! its a specialized art direction program in advertising, the best of its kind. where do you live?
Q. Why is a pap smear called a pap smear? A. Because women wouldn't do them if they were called cunt scrapes.
still can believe it
Someone tweets a quote. Someone retweets that quote. The world slowly loses the ability to appreciate an original thought.
then it will be time to switch to google voice.
How Chichester's theatre is getting its groove back: Chichester Festival Theatre has been solidly flourishing an..
I'm so so so proud of my mom <3
Chicago field trip next Mon or Tuesday?
I know I love it
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job. – Michael Gerber
Stay classy #BBN RT : UCLA for Shabazz Muhammad. Enjoy irrelevance!
Lol nobody is.
dont break it bcz i dont want you to become a stranger :(
Friday night lights>>>>>>
Awaiting Philly Election Results online. Remember good ole days of collecting the numbers myself.
I don't like #acting things I like feeling things
How to entertain a 5-year-old who can't go to camp because of pink eye?
This year went by so fast!. It's Dec 1st already!
Damn i shouldve went to the game today.....
Dear followers, I LOVE YOU!
Great night at Pier 60. Traveling to Tallahassee to play with some fire and be in a movie! Love my job!
RT : Glass of wine and a bubble bath. Don't knock it till you've tried it.
Good morning you guys: the people you push away from your life may be the ones that could change your life for the better!
thanks! it is like a new start and it's a lot of fun!
!!RT Presents #StartingFiveShowcase Performing Live TV Taping Broadcast by 829 Upshur St
Ask them is they want to hold one - we can still add it in for this summer's programs.
thank you guys for coming out from Delano!! Excited to see more Delano folks coming out to #fpac20!
I need a back massage omg lol
ctrl+shift+i (or N, can't check now) something similar on the mac.
Hows the weather in Seattle? Beautiful day here in Carmel New York.
thanks for letting me know! have you considered a lower-sugar option for those of us trying to kick sugar habits? i LOVE Chobani
UGpjVzWsf5 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Good morning twitter only 13 more school days!!!
We really did. She loves yard sales n shopping at TJMAXX. PAIN!!!
RT : Nominate someone you know for the SMBinfluencer Award
astounded by the generosity of others today.
Just put up a couple new classes- more coming!
I had a Good day Today.
you're a tease.
TOP STRAINS all $35 an 8th: Durban Bubble, Sour Diesel, Bob Marley, Silver Pearl, Boston Bling, Alaskan Thunder Fuck, and Strawberry Cough
WAKE UP OR IM GUNNA SEND MAMA MAHONE AND ROMO IN TO WAKE YOU UP!!!!
Who will be spending #newyears eve w/ 's sold out Private Reserve Club dinner at the Seattle Space Needle?
The fact that I have tan lines from laying out today makes me want summer even more !!(:
- Thanks for the RT doll! Email me, might be able to use looks for hot new music video next wk! Xox
hey willie. Wassup? Sorry my phone wasn't working last night.
RT!": Man, stop thinking so much. Be a kid and make mistakes. Just have fun this summer."
I didn't get much done this weekend, which is probably good and bad.
Bayern vs Barca for the final! Who agrees?
Wow Wolf, what the heck was that?! PLEASE tell me Roenicke didn't order him to take off. Woulda had 2nd anyway after Weeks's walk.
Good luck to all the fighters competing in Akron tonight!
hahah the whole video in general was absolutely hilarious!
"Don't find fault, find a remedy." - Henry Ford
So many emails about the Dictator today.
Unbelievable final day of soccer
good luck and go for the gold tonight. i love listening to you during the race. you are great at what you do.
I just had a similar conversation here at work, but I prefer s-bombs.
Verde terrace it is then
Avengers or Dark Knight?
After twenty minutes and three phone transfers, "This is just a problem we've been having." Why couldn't someone just say that right away??
Cardio ABS is no joke. But I'm loving this Insanity.
Right back at you! <3
Flaming Lips in the Cemetery was one of the best concert experiences I've ever had. and are insanely BADASS.
Show me my fade then RT : ayye both of yall PUSSY
I hope I got the app !!! Crosses fingers
Happy Friday Everyone!
Thank you!
RT EARTHMONTH ECO-TIP Using a dishwasher instead of washing by hand saves 5000gals of water $40 elect. & 230 hrs of time annually
Reciprocal follows! Glad to make your virtual acquaintance, partner.
Missions survive when plans fail, and plans almost always fail. -Seth Godin
Now moving
HAPPY MONDAY MY FRIENDS!..."Two roads diverged in a wood, and I... I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.";)
1D >>> The wanted
man we ain't doin nothing. Maintaining as usual. How is OK going??
Thanks for the #ESS :-)
Good Morning All.....Be Great, Be Wise, #BeBleu ....RT
It's almost the weekend and we're ready to head up north to Red River to play and record some live tracks at The Lifthouse!
I can't wait to get home so I can listen to #TurnToYou!!!!
Thank You For following Us. Keep In Touch! 2012 Is The Year For Permanent Change... <3
thank you for the great online class! So excited for my first Alt!
You say my name my heart beats faster
Awesome day ahead meeting with some heavy weights in the music industry for distribution & Management deal of Vanelis & Miguelito LaMorte.
I cannot believe iCarly is actually ending. There goes all the shows, out the window! tbh I stopped watching them, i regret that though
i thought it was supose to be 80 degrees, im sitting outside and freezing my ass off !
For #spring zing, an amazing Jade & Ginseng Detoxifying Pedicure special, with herbal soak & shea butter quench. 303-389-3020
In 08 cycle, Univ. of CA System was larger contributor to #obama. Goldman Sachs was 2nd.
Finna get my d rose on at the gym selling my impala today tho :(
: Thanks for following us. We enjoy your home improvement & Old Town adventures.
What I was thinking.
did i meet here last year at the phone store?
Don't pray for a bushel and carry only a cup!
Learn to master the blank stare! ;)
Thanks Brita. Two days late, I know, but I gave myself a present and stayed away from Twitter for a weekend.
ha! Both. Hello! Welcome to Twitter.
Griffin I Runs 4.41 In 40-Yard Dash. He is the only QB other than Michael Vick to run faster than 4.4 at the combine.
Guys at BBR bedazzle their ears.
Hilarious! So true...
Great Friday it is. Eat well. #CWS will be here before we know it. What's your favorite breakfast in Omaha?
I love food
fag? Thanks dick :(
What is your favorite place to go in Florida besides home? :)
no dont go to sleep u about to hear sum twitter late night
We're prepping for another event this afternoon. "Rural Girls and Urban Migration: the Role of C4D in Bridging the Divide" for #CSW56 HQ
so bummed
Its only one thing I need in life & thats to succed
They found a 500 year old computer underground :o that shit crazy and creepy :o
Looks like you are living it up, keep having a good time. We are following back.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. - Margare…
Thanks to everyone that made it to our speed networking event last night, it was great to meet you all!
heard you caught a case tonight bro lmao
And what would make you think that?! Totally uncalled for! Get to know me trust me it can get bad! 😉
"Those who can't do....always want to criticize those who can"
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe When people compare me to Arthur Mervyn.
I'm totally renaming Digi to Tomer's Love Affair with Open Access or TLAWOA, for short.
Whenever low-budget TV makes me ponder physics, I grow uneasy.
I'll miss skipping track and watching Law and Order.
Hopy you feel better soon, Mon.
sorry guise. :3 i havent been on lately. but its not like you guys missed me or anything..
RT : Mobile marketing technically refers to any form of messaging or advertising targeted at portable devices,
& god bless Japan
- Mark- you're work transforms the mind and the heart instantly and brings a higher awareness to leadership.
Teachers are making us do a field sobriety and drug test
that's cool. i didn't need my ovaries anyways.
Two stores that are always packed #publix and
Going to a crash durby today! #winner!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: How to manage your social media workload? FOCUS. Use an audibly ticking timer to help you not get distracted.
Tonight we find out who takes the crown. and must be dying of antici...pation
have fun, but too much. You don't want to spend All Saint's Day 2012 in New Orleans jail.
exploring a possible #healthcare communications project with Kaiser today!
Should I close my twitter account?? I don't know how to stop this!
Thank you for the shoutout! RT : Please Shoutout my Twitter profile .. Thank you very much !..
- that would explain your mom's confusion ;-) when is li'l jefferey's bday, maybe ashleigh is deleting everyone who HBD's him
I got a life size cutout for Christmas. She's too pretty :)
I want to laugh, someone should try and make that happen😊
I can't wait for school to be over!
let's get a big game of kickball together. With beer.
Someone please follow me fast~! My follow number is at the bad Juu-Juu,I am in a slight panic,so act fast.I'm not a nut,#WellNotMuchOfOne!
i feel so bad about what hugh son did to claire sinclair how can anyone do such a thing to a another scares me.
Obv hitting every red light cause I'm not trying to get somewhere or anything..
I just got home yesterday and have already had 2 nights of only smiles.
*blistering barnacles* its sacrilege to even consider it :) *lol*
I think it makes sense because most people would not see the girls as very threatening compared to the guys
Just accidently sleep all day since i got home from school #whoops ...
is currently inquiring about a Bills jersey...
- I know but I'm just not ... I'm frustrated .
[Book 6/100] Onward, Howard Schultz. Amazed at the emotions and candor shared in that book. Makes me want to open a coffee shop of my own!
Win a 7 Day Stat To Puerto Rico! Visit www.onqnites.com for more information. #chicago #salsa #bachata RT
I Need A Sign On My Dick That Say Exotic Stallions Apply Here #ImJustSaying 😏
I've gained about 10 followers and twitter still saying i got 279
Congrats on the review!
The Key to Butterfly: Keep your head down and hump the hell out of the water!
Time to go home. And yes, I do mean my bed.
Swag , Woo , Wonton soup
Oh god, I hate the one where Mrs. Landingham dies.
I feel for you - #oneday - Or just move away. Easy fix -
Shit's about to get weird!! #cantwait NYC in less than 24 hours. Probably won't get much done at work today
Despite the need to close firehouses and rec centers it is nice to know that #baltimore can afford to send residents sanitation calendars
I FOUND YOU !!
Another week of rain in store? I would really like to enjoy the next few weeks of decent weather... and Mother Nature is not making it easy.
aw shit im there!!!!
follow me please :)
Why kids get up before the sun when comes up when there's no school and on school days they can't move in the morning
So excited can't wait for Friday with And cara(;
Hey is it possible to have a meet up sometime next week? Rather interested in what you do and would like to learn more. Coffee?
I'm pretty kind to SM's - the cues seem to fall at obvious beats in the show.
Having easter dinner at comfort zone bar b que restaurant in aurora il 37 w. New york st. All I have to say is... Oh.. My... Goodness!!
he had a little weiner
Congrats!!! RT: Pls vote for our film Unsinkable on site! Awarded special mention by at
im so aggravated now. omfg.
Having a great day! WNL later! Its going to be so awesome!
Before i die i want to kiss John O'Callaghan.
Kicking it with my sons
Follow back
enjoyed seeing the Original Vandellas and The Contours last night at the Ren!
Tonight!! All teens need to be a club fuego!! Huge teen night!! Dj prodigy in the mix and Lil JAE performing live!! $10 get you inside!!
thanks, boo. i'm pretty pissed.
I know, right? Clearly, I'm a monster that must be stopped.
We would love to hear your feedback on this question: What do you think your power animal is?
What? Lol RT : I don't like seeing skinny men with titties!
Welcome to Favata-104.. This morning its and tomorrow morning its in morning drive. Italians keep it in the family.
Existential angst: identity issues are just as subject to the paradox of choice as are consumer decisions.
rumor is your coming to our Iowa show
Would love someone on the ground snapping some pics!
yeah, we're waiting til 2012 to even consider restarting things - at this point, regrouping and re-strategizing.
I took the short cut...read your tweet only (didn't have time for the whole blog)
jst ate vintage candy :D
Quite the USITT Odyssey. Image what happens when you finally get there!
Timothy Dolan's attitudes are "deeply saddening." He should just shut up and go back to 12th century as we move into 21st.
Well this is boring .
these kids are non-stop entertainment, I tell ya!! ;)
TYSM! < RT : #FF Las Vegas, Nevada We specialize in tradeshow and event transportation, logistics, freight, &...
LOL aw thats sweet! even though she denied youu
At Staples...pete gillen is here making self service copies. Resumes perhaps?
Give us Freedom~!
Yay for story completion!
The Papa John's spot w/Peyton is pretty dang funny.
thanks for the follow!
Fuck the taste, it gets you drunk faster.
I'm having a hard time believing I'm in #Baltimore right now given the crowd's reaction.
RT : Chinese person says actfu may help win some victories but they mainly do it in an effort to pacify workers
The Patriots are gonna need life support, Cause the Lombardi Trophy is on its way to New York! Super Bowl next week!! Come see us today!
#UCSD students: We are looking for Marketing #interns for Spring Quarter! Send your resume to (CC )
I like how you think!
VCig Employ Staff To Handle Growing Electronic Cigarette Company
Someone loves everything that you hate about yourself.
TJ weak ass need to leave me alone.
#PastorsWords .. Tha best is yet to come!
We placed the 3rd of 4 machines into The Standard tonight. A full restored Black Knight 2000 with enhanced lights.
I love waking up to MY music!!!
But seriously.
3 more till 100! Someone help me please!
It had me until "on a dinner plate, Hangers-On would be the spinach"…Movers + Shakers & spinach are not mutually exclusive!
Mike Hargrove!!!! Definitely.
Sometimes #actors are effing brilliant... and it usually has something to do with being prepared.
you'd be surprised-its not always cheaper
GM Everyone! If you're celebrating be sure to check-in at our locations! 1st Timers, $1 Burrito, Loyals, Free Guac and Chips!
I read Nikky Finney's "Head Off & Split" to kick off National #Poetry Month: "Careful to the very end what you deny, dismiss & cut away."
We have our first playoff game today with my little baseball player!!!! Good luck to all my kids!!! Let's go little Angles!!!
I have time to review your website and give feedback if you pay me...
: YOU'RE ALL TALK!!!
There apparently is a naked bike ride every year :P
Happy you're here!
Our pleasure really! Hope you like your new swag! :)
Listen to the DeWitt Law Review radio show today at 2pm on AM 580 WDBO
So mid-terms for social studies cba's for science nd w.e else i gotta do tuesday and wednesday.... FML
no I don't think so
i need and want leopard pony hair but I CANT find them.. HELP
good morning eddie
we will def be in touch w/u! and thank you very much. spreading the word as much as possible will be a BIG help right now :)
An #ethnographer 's essential toolkit. Besides the intangible knowledge and skills, what would it include?
I appreciate the support!
Boys who tell you "I love you" out of nowhere. 
#TheAdvocatesasFair Grandstand is open - stop by The Advocates' booth to be part of the I am an ADVOCATE for HUMAN RIGHTS campaign!
no one but im bout to roast ya ass lol
do what!?
" You match too you f'n schmuck" to 's heckling.
as a man, we are like lion. We just want to be the king of the jungle.
Arrived in DC Sat. PM; excited about life as a public servant; making peace with our too-cozy new apt. Now where are those cherry blossoms?
Honesty; a prescription for self growth.
well you cant expect me to remember everything!
yay!!!! I'm not alone
if so - they may need to delete all the stripes!
Wow, just flat out got told that if I move he isn't going to make any effort to come see me.. thanks love you too bf! :/
can it be june 8th already?!
Come as you are. Happy birthday Kurt.
Hi Nancy, can u DM me please, I have a question pertaining to a PA position. Thank You :)
Music bridges the gap between human beings.....
“: Felt he didn't fit at UW, but wants to visit Marq.? Good luck Uthoff may also visit Florida and/or Marquette 'seriously?'
that's nice!
The vizier Nizam al-Mulk, using the state's wealth to found a free university in 1091 in Baghdad.
Understanding data is a customer issue - small barrier to entry and will give results says of
I KNOW RIGHT! THE TWEETS INSPIRE ME
gives me chills every time! <3
Good morning Miss D :) .. Hope you have a awesome memorial day weekend .. Eat a bunch of good BBQ.
the gold heart mountaintop queen directory.
On this Veteran's Day take a sacred moment to remember the those who sacrifice their lives every moment to achieve peace and democracy.
Now the question is what am I going to wear..
Hahahahahah, there's a "hot dog hooker"
Enjoying the first #Dodgers home game of the GBM/ era! Dodgers leading the Gints 3-1!
and Happy Birthday!!!! Here's to #trending and #realness in the coming year!!!! Xoxo
You better! :) RT : hi I need to come visit!!
2/23 check my last tweet :)
has nothing to do with neutrality, and everything to do with hard to watch football.
Mojito. That's it.
If you're looking for studio quality lights, then Alien Bees are a popular and reliable entry point.
Yes he built a studio in his house and produces, engineers many talents. Thanks for the retweet.
Congrats on your "Trippin With Perk" #Emmy!!!! You deserve it!!!
Go Fallow He's Awesome ! [:
The #Oscars are so much more fun with Twitter.
Never get comfortable in your relationship, each year you must work harder to keep that person there with you. If not, they will leave.
to sign it.
ah i want to go with you!!!
Fuck rock nation
he did indeed! How many pings did you get? :P
click the button to start recording environment.
Super Hoopla @ www.kandizone.com
Vacations are great.
time to go back to school...
didn't realize you were a gemini. Lol, right on!
So happy that #Maryland passed the #samesexmarraigebill!!
Saturday Shaketail: THE EVIL EMPIRE - Smirnoff Vanilla Bean Vodka, Red Wing Coffee Liqueur, Vanilla Ice Cream.
everyone should follow thanks(:
Thank You! RT Council confirms Mayoral appointments to the Consolidated Plan Advisory Board: A. Friberg, W. Moore, J. Litwak
I swear people are so funny
"Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final." - Roger W. Babson
I attended a week-long preserving photographs workshop by the Image Permanence Institute that was held there. It was great
that explains ALOT.....
So. Cal. Gas performing pipeline integrity work at Grand &amp; Chestnut ...
.: until you pay penance for foisting on america, STFU about "pathetic, political acts." got it? good.
what the hell, I thought your bags were made in SF? why did I just get a bag that says "made in China?"
If you drive by us you'll hear Sinatra, on loud. It's a day that calls for Frank. Closing. Back tomorrow at 11am.
yes sir. And I like the one he did with Al Pacino
iv'e got that in purple (:
thank you so much for the shoutout! :) x
esse i like to be...
I wanna go to kings island.
Code of Best Practices in Fair Use for Media Lieracy Education endorsed by ACRL, NCTE, others
Babies can snore....loudly. FYI
Hope I can go my neighbor pegs Easter din not lookn forward her mean dog buddy. My weapon. A bouncy ball.
"No wonder he turned to a life of crime.”
Move on. He's just a chapter in the past. Don't close the book, just turn the page
If you have NOT SEEN #HowIMetYourMother tonight, IGNORE MY NEXT TWEET
They're pathetic, brother! Absolutely embarrassing. Gotta get it done ASAP.
Every one ready for #blackfriday??
#CheckItOut #Money killing me, within 5 seconds. Dying!!!!!!
": Working diligently on 1853 map of the rest of SF Bay, including the South Bay and West Oakland.
“: Meeting so many #Catholic folk filled with hate for gays. I am so glad my Catholic fam is so supportive #civilunions #coleg”
Fun indeed! Good find!
Beautiful! Haunting!
12 mile morning run following by raw sandwich with fresh coconut water at farmer's market. Nice healthy Saturday!
#thingssomepeopledonthave ANY Muthafukin Sense....Damn Shame...
Watching WWE DVD easter egg xtras.
Yes, a groovy sick weird metal band. Think Tim Burton mix with metal? xD amazing writer, vocalist.
Hey, if you want to come back to the GE Committee, we will welcome you with open arms! (cue Journey..)
Brain: There are other guys in this world. Heart: But he is the one. </3
April isn't in Side by Side (suckers)....and how DARE you bring up 🏀 choreo.
Great comparison RT : 50% of marketers to invest in #SM monitoring tools. Not monitoring #SM is like not watching game film.
Aren't you just a cutie and all. I am glad to have met you. I would be lost without you Mike
you stating to the true :) love you too with all my heart <3
Just thought Id inform you all that there is, in fact, a double rainbow outside my house.
oh yea her name is Tutti
Marlins. Their 1st round pick Jose Fernandez is on the team. Great kid.
so tired, I guess I could take my dog to my mom's tomorrow now but I should just do it tonight and get it over with
Hey , where the hell are you?!?
love lightning-greatest natural spectacle
I personally love memoirs! 's Smile is a great graphic novel choice. Born on a Blue Day about autistic young man. 1/2
Any time you or your employees are faced with a decision, a simple review of your core values should be enough to make the right decision.
No matter your faith, religion or personal beliefs...God made a special day so that we can share this time with our Creator.
RT Shoutout To My New Followers TYSM for including me in the list!
Seriously, saying Harry's even bi can ruin his career. Even if he was, I'd support him through everything, but don't start rumors.
Hdmsjsjshaahaibs somebody text me or something! I'm so freaking bored!
Defense lawyer suggest it's preposterous that #Huguely took Love's laptop, "her email machine" to steal threatening email.
i just wanna leave here. :/
Motivation is simple. You eliminate those who are not motivated.
& #AlexAndRobertTweetTweet I love you guys<3
Any theories on who the Knick player was he was talking about?
Might be! He on everything else!! RT : Is Hamilton on roids?
Fight hard...not for whats in front of you, but for whats inside of you <3 unleash your best~
Things get worse for the Saints...
That's what's up!
Gonna Go To Sleep Now. Goodnight :/
Money brings problems,but it also solves problems
FINALLY saw The Avengers, and now I want to Kick. Some. Ass. Feel good movie of the decade.
Things need to change,I cant live like this
awesome! i bet you're excited about that! i know i was :) not too much here, just working on a new ep
Hi Gary
Like gravitates toward like and association breeds assimilation. Play up vs. Play down in who you associate with.
RT : God, I love more every week on #DWTS such a wonderful guy all around!
Awesome :D did you guys have fun?
moving into my apartment Saturday...cant wait...who wants to help me move:)
Post Amy Winehouse: If you know that a habbit is bad 4u do not start it. Once you start it is going to be difficult to stop. DO NOT START!
Finna carry the weight for my city like cargo ship
The fakest thing you can do is talk about how real you are.
which cheek
Thank you Ingrid! Your healing continues to inspire me. RT : #FF and inspire me.
Keeping at it for #natgas! It is such a great story... trying to keep on telling it!
The Wall Street protesters are the 99% angry Americans fighting for the future of the country; they are neither Democrats nor Republicans.
RT : User: "So I can listen to Pandora in #Salesforce?" Me: "No, that's my bookmarks bar." #Facepalm <--LOL!
it is, but I don't think I've ever used it. I'm all about the 2 day shipping and no minimum. If you buy a lot it's a no brainer
I love #apple they have the best customer service ever! :)
perhaps the solution there is to rotate at least two global chairs after each conference.
We're seeing Freddie Garcia's last start for the Yankees today hopefully. Give the ball to some rookie and we would get a better result.
Watching this thing on gay marriage, I like hearing the different arguments. 🐴🐘 🇺🇸
Canada has chefs?
haha good for him! you have a smart kid there
Thanks for the new followers today, You Rock!!
oh my fault that was an hour ago lol
I didnt know Alexis daughter name is Melania
Jonah Congrats to your Detroit Tigers for beating the Evil Empire! Good Luck with the Rangers!
Alright fine. I GUESS fleet foxes are a good band
": RT : I hate HATE when guys ask for nudes. I hate it."
Darius and Eloy are picking up diplomas today.
RT : - Watch me on and learn about how I #reducebellyfat !
If there's a hundred reason to quit, I'm sure there's also a thousand reasons not to give up. ♥
Min of 15 for a private tour. I'll check on the price, but regular tours range from $6-$11 per person.
DOE source: all #LANL air rad monitors active/fnctng and mobile rad mon crews being deployed
Also, apparently you didn't need a passport to go to Malaysia in 1897.
Remember me? Posting a new song soon. ;-)
Thank you
#collegeragin keep it up!
Yeah I'll just make some thrift store runs to fill in I guess.
I can not stand when a persons breath over powers their nice smelling cologne, that really pisses me off.
have a good time over there for new years
- Will you be at the Baltimore Comic Con in Sept?
Hurricane Earl on track to swipe the East Coast and bring winds and coastal flooding... and cause delays to our construction schedule!
Thanks to twitter I always know the current temperature of random cities.
Siri Assistant- Now we can have a dialogue without even requiring a person on the other end- Just our phone- Amazing and crazy right?
#WhyYouMadThough idk why you mad, you always gone be mad lol
first DMB show super stoked! Everytime I get a ticket I end up not being able to go!
i was just at the gym! :D 30 mins on the treadmill(:
peanut butter?
Is it? I thought it was almost done.
Jon Ippolito introduces Variable Media strategy, emulation: reach into the past and bring back content
I'm watching it! You should follow me babe.
Honestly here for Daniel Radcliffe.
You want it all? Start with a
Yaaay buddy time for go Travis & Wes, give me laughter, action & sex appeal.
People get in my head to easy
Your Awesome!!!
Did you un-follow a ton of people on the site twitter account?
We've still got a little delirium Noel left..... Stop by before it's gone!
R.I.P Paul Baran. You will live on through your work.
meg and I got chased down the road by big bad John a few days ago... Very few people will appreciate this like you will ;)
to think I gave ya a chance
Just found in my new neighborhood! Won't have to ditch my gardening addiction in '12 after all.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!12
Game over!
Tomorrow! Wednesday! 5/2/12 BE WATCHING for freebies & HUGE announcement!
#Follow: 23 to go! RT : When #NSMN reaches 1700 followers, two lucky #sportsbiz tweeps will win FREE one-year memberships.(Rt)
Since nobody is joining our little online "OHANA" we are going to make changes to the site. IC will be up for the next 6 months.
dipshit? Live and let live man. Don't shit on someone for honoring someone they were a fan of.
RT : I gave them my heart. They gave me a notebook.
oh kill me now, eng paper is kickin my ass
Would it drop this year?
can I come
This is why Austin is home..I went for a run this morning and discovered a race in my neighborhood, and a live band :)
Will do! Same for you guys
I MISS YOUR FACE!
He doesn't work for Joe : How does Julian Green not resign from the #Cubs over this?
Holy fuck Britney Spears never seizes to amaze me!
lol, and i see u liking that shit, lol...
#notmyfault the fucker wouldn't go out.so then I blew it harder and splattered wax everywhere...including my face.
#FF Always enjoy Kimberly's unique & refreshing perspective on things, excellent follow.
I've always much preferred Family Guy to American Dad
LEED certified building. Next to it: three truck sized dumpsters full of undergrad detritus on its way to the landfill.
Is there anyone at this BC-USC game, it is silent in that place... May be the closest but also the most boring game.
North Carolina is mean.
RT Days like today are important because they remind you who's really important in your life.
#nyy #yankees The entire league is watching Joe. We are a line up built on HOME RUN POWER (and that's ok). You don't want to alter the swing
RT the boyz are the reason why there are younger crews on the show right now tbh. the boyz made history.
If you want to experience love, you have to take the risk. Love's always worth the risk. ~ Author Unknown
Thank you! :)
If video games make you violent, does monopoly make you a millionaire?
With so many bands looking for drummers and so many drummers looking for vans, you wonder why both don't scour used car lots.
dm We are looking for advisors willing to be called on to solicit input. Avg expected time per quarter = 1 hr. Would you consider?
What band member ex is the song "Honestly" about? is ready to reveal all with Tommy after 3pm!
Yes it was! RT : Omg "Predator or Potter" on ... Hilarious!!!!
thank you
"We don't usually get lines." -
thanks for a great event! #success!
lol, Not gonna do one?
:) this might be the stupidest question ever!! but how do i know if someone tweets me! lol
Hey most of twitter, does all your food taste like poop? Cause you sure do a lot of ass-kissing.
Feeling like I need to play a round of golf. Anyone want to send me a jet?
i dont blame you it was boring but ok i will
I have a face that looks like I'm constantly donating blood.
You know your shit. (O_O)-b
try a kareoke style with PowerPoint playing music across the slides.It will be easier.
work bball p90x sleep drink repeat
Whats ur fav hair product that u cant live without???
you're welcome! The store is incredible!
Interested to hear this interview with
Ok, Twitter. It's 3:30 AM. I'm still awake, and working, and miserable. Redeem me.
So does the out of tune guy yelling "here we go Marty, here we go!" between every point help you, or do you want to strangle him?
#LTNY IT must market itself to users and ask questions. I think this should include library, BD, KM, CI too - not just attys, secretaries.
For those who are wanting a britney follow... you better be prepared for X factor because that's your best chance! I got mine when HIAM came
Photo Shoot Crazy . Everything HD
You too!! Happy Birthday!!
We are going to pick and carve pumpkins tonight with good friends <3
A Rally squirrel just b/c it ran on the field?? Good thing teams haven't adopted a rally streaker!
liking Slacker Radio. first selection "Get Down To Night" K.C. and the Sunshine Band...showing my age, but they don't make em like that now!
omg i love smoothies
imma come back juneteenth or if some more parties come up. and damn im not suprised.
I can't fall asleep but I'm tired!!!! Ugh
Line for starbucks is out the door.
New cover coming out soon!! Thinking about makin a music video but who knows
hahah yeah I do, I miss that! Those kids were crazy..
I need more followers,!
Hi Rebecca - Great speaking with you today. I hope we can get started soon on the photography web site. Cheers!
Packing up to drive an hour west to seal a deal...be back laterz...peace
Don't worry, you can't miss my truck. She's the sweet, cherry red ride, packing longboards, out back.
Congratulations Old Dominion University for making the big dance!
Hey #Belltown, need an oasis from the crazy St. Pat's Day crowd? We're here for you! Happy hour 5-8pm.
#BlackParentsQuotes Yo Ass Always On Facebook & Twitter.. U NEED A JOB! lol
Hate seeing girls with huge racks, but their face looks like mine =( donate that shit to your cute flat chested friend!
If you would have a good wife, marry one who has been a good daughter. Thomas Fuller
I think Kelleigh will be mad
On Conference call with Freeway
Happy Independence Day, South Sudan! July 9, 2011 We are praying for you.
thanks. Is there also a way for me to be added to next CityGuide guide training?
I go there on Saturdays because I was pretty much raised there..
I was thinking about you today. I hope all is well. (:
Dear spellcheck development dept, I'd like to service you for messing up my texture. I'm sexing your manhood to comply as well.
Alyssia >>>>>>>>>>>> YOU(Whoever Gets Offended)
follow me
Visit the Hirshberg Traning Team booth#716 at the #LAMarathon Expo & receive a FREE wristband!
I don't luv no material things but I'm in luv feelings they bring
I'd rather be running.
needs to go to jail
As the number of conversations increase the volume exponentially increases as well.
Rise and shine!
thanks! I can't seem to leave it alone...
Following for content and not for numbers.
Great 8-bit share!!
A figure skater just made Nater-Tater look like a wuss.
your welcome enjoy your day
its always up north dudes recording gay shit for worldstar.
You know you're not a good friend when you realize that your best Rusher friend of 3 years is also a Directioner...
especially for future dog food
base.com let me win the who set I am a great customer
fuck this game
I need some army fatigue cargo shorts. Anyone know where I can get some from???
Pre-Conference for #NLANEMA2011 at the Nebraska State Capitol Building was fun! Got to see some of the secret doors and passageways!
As an "anxious", I can say I'm WAY too sensitive between hypervigilance and worries about others. New meds FINALLY helping, tho
HEY Nick! This account is totally inactive. If you're interested in following my tweets for real I'm
Aww shucks, I'm blushing!
Maybe they'll book three into two seasons. There's so much ground to cover.
- feel better soon! :)
Florida is best "win sloppy" team in the country!!
my few words of chinese - hello, thank you and go usa - aren't sufficient for this negotiation. thank god for my translator (and witness).
oh where yhu from and i school in chicago x lol wat ya favourite color
Responsive Design, I love you but I'm not in love with you.
*bends over n mini skirt to pic up wrap*
I feel like a dumb beast. Even more sad haha
When I hear Bush "Machine Head" I think of a big 3rd down for the #Badgers defense. Those ath mkt guys are geniuses! Right ?
is going to be on with and with a vegan fast food thanksgiving! 9:45am on Ch. 9!
People would get way more fired up about a four team 7-on-7 tournament full of uber-athleticism.
From : "The Main Street Program is working, downtown Milford and Holly are 100% occupied...but there's still work to do"
I feel y a - are you going to the + Kanon Vodka party tonight?
May 26 - Beacon Theatre, New York NY (2 SHOWS) () is opening for us!
#student Bland County schools get grant funding » Local News » Bluefield Daily Telegraph, Bluefield, WV
Delta Force in Black Hawk Down>>>>>
Good news: we are winning. Bad news: our defensemen are dropping like flies. Not you too, Andre!
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you cant find your purse/wallet
Well, Wolf's been bad all year, but yeah, I get that.
RT : I watched Schindler's List today and it wasn't as sad as the Sabres powerplay
So many events happening this week for NABJ_INDY! Hope you can come out to some of them!
Okay, I think I need to get out of here, head home, and have dinner and watch more Italian westerns. Back to work tomorrow. C-u b-4 then!
*you're
Equinox here I come
need more follows? Try the site on my page for social promo. it's FREE! Take a minute to see the site. :)
Simpsons-Bowles: If I remember House reps n Paul Ryan killed it, and now blame Obama.
yes, works fine now thx
#THATSHOULDBEME in you're dreams
If you ever want to be overwhelmed with apple products, try in Austin, TX. Nuts.
Looks like it's still an issue. If you drop your vpn connection, you should be able to simulate it. Added a note to the GH issue
“: Congratulations to Coach Popovich of the San Antonio Spurs. He won the "Coach of the Year" award!”
soo.. What are you up to?
2 years down the drain.....
you know we were kidding! Love you more!!
try this google search.. LET IT SNOW
Finally done with the sats
Do u know any good article abt how to define a cohesive style of work? Or your own tips?
well there was a story about me and him having a lil fight
& are best rappers under 25
It's election day in Baltimore City! Get out and vote!
Oh my god, I'm so dumb! I #just realized that the little house on twitter is a bird house...I wondered why there were holes in it.
lsu has better case to get in than Alabama in that scenario. Bcs is a joke no matter what happens.
#ff my cute dork of a husband ♥
I wonder if the nicest family in the world would consider checking out my blog? I'm sure you get asked this all the time. Please
don't you think they r ganna get pissed if we have a group of 6?
We love #food. we invaded hundreds #restaurants for you. Wanna get hooked up all year long? Follow us and become an invader today
Those drones help save American lives by lessening the number of boots-on-the-ground folks we have 2 deploy into harm's way
that said--it has some basis in truth. and while not necessarily a problem in itself, maybe indicative of a lack of innovation?
I could probably write a funny post about "denying thyself" as I haven't had carbs for almost a month now. Killing me!
Thank you. have fun in NY
I will be doing nothing when the New Year rolls in.
Quite frankly stoned and riveted by the Puppy Bowl.
we heard! :) RT “ and ... did you know Portland cellist was referenced in Avengers flick ? Keep on pluckin'”
I don't know how u tweet so early. thanks buddy! :)
They wearing slippers in the dayroom
THOSE WHOM LIVE IN GLASS HOUSES. SHOULD NOT THROW STONES. OR MASTURBATE DURING THE DAYTIME! a haiku for you.
moving to NYC?
Our service is totally FREE for our clients with NO RISK!
Driving through LA this morning with snow sighted in the hills?
#WHITEHOUSE Imagine a congress working together to achieve the great things said tonite. Its possible, if we take money out of politics.
is it on? Is so what network !!!
nigga who always tryna be down irk my dick !.
But I wish I was cruisin some back roads instead of working 😁
Join us for a stand against racism! Come to the causeway this Friday at 12:30!
60 days until opening day for the Boston Red Sox
ur a gorgeous girl!!
Ok give me your email address..... I'll send u something ......
could have kept miller too....
cookie explosion
the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
is that from the book of the raptor jesus?
So whoever say JL hungry is lying/ I’m starving, I’m famine, man I act like I never eat sonny...
Stuck at the mall once again. You'd thin that when someone messes up your car they'd be more apologetic..
She act like she's super tough; but never had a fight
Remembering today. Thanks to all the first responders and soldiers who fight to keep us safe.
Dude, it's Uruguay. RT #TechCamp Montevideo planning certainly has its roadbumps, but we ironing things out.
I finally finished my room!
on his way to large fire in Newport. He'll be live at 9 & 10 on Fox 9.
"Negrophobia": Today's new D-Film. Watch on the Website or Youtube. Dig.
Sitting next to the engine. Please, please no birds or explosions. #IHateFlying, have I mentioned that?!
We have an instagram everyone go follow us! Creator_hxc
Thanks lady! Wish you could be there!
disagree, love the way t-shirts look.
“: #greatplayers Get fouled! To win the big games, you must get to the free throw line and then you must make them.”
7 Blue Skies would like to state for the record that Cassadaga IS a boys trip. No further questions.
It’s time to get silly and fancy for our Fancy Pantsie #SillySaturday at GCM! Grab your bowtie and ball gown and join us for a...
Thanks! Excited to part of a great cause!
Crazy how so many girls out there are two faced
that's awesome
Justin! I wished you were here today... Missing you<3
dope mixtape man , glad to see somebody come out the hometown to..keep doing your thing
MCM Oct. 28. Semper Fi, Do or Die! Ahyawht! 26.2 miles. No pain, no gain. Might run it in my boot cast.
Want to find out more about NAIOP Wisconsin? Join our NAIOP Wisconsin Linked In Group, Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 33
Time for jacob's daily sunday night call.
#Like #MarkStuartDanceTheatre #FB page and check our latest album.
No, sorry. What, bragging rights aren't enough?
will you please follow me please please please :) I would legit start crying if you noticed me!!!
How's everyone been ??
Gabe Pincus (SFS '14) asks about beautifying campus (empty walls and green areas by Leavey), Leo's composting, and gardens.
When I said that you are like a stream of bat's piss, I only meant that you shine out like a shaft of gold when all around it is dark...
Me:AH My Conscious:What? Me: Followed Me!!!!
Hey Besto, what do u have going on this weekend? I close all weekend but Im off monday we should do something
hi. after watching 's playing lessons, id like to see him as ' swing guru. thoughts?
