One backup copy isn't enough. Be safe. Use 2. One day you'll thank me.
RT Grandpa, CBS: "How do I accept a video call?" Mzuck: "You click the button."
My kids experienced their first inner-city bus and commuter train rides in Chicago this week...saw many interesting people!
g pisses me the hell off!!! Down south ain't been no where nigga stuff!!!!!
Thanks for the #FF mention today :-)
I want Isles and Glaciers to make another record.
no matter what i wake up @ the same time every day i never sleep in
Love , where your order ships same day.
HUGE S/O to This her last week @ her 9-5, as she embarks 100% into socialsola.com. This takes planning, confidence & faith!
lol well try it once, if you don't like it, send it back and get your money back. We'll even refund your shipping & handling.
Derby Lane Greyhound Racing Tri Super carryover currently stands at $24,997.00 and growing! Play tonight in Races 5 and 7.
9/23/2010 Book Review: Inbound Marketing: Getting Found Using Google, Social Media, and Blogs SchneiderB
thanks Daisy! You are awesome.
so are you willing to follow me ? ❤
MT:: local important in digital age bc same content is everywhere. Value state, regional local resources.
is it your Bday?
Off to watch baseball. My nephew's Little League team. Sky is very dark. (Hey, that's a Haiku!)
Whoa, N. Korea needs to calm down. Reading S. Korea has scrambled F-16's post Island attack. Serious conflict. Prayers.
I wonder how many people at brookwood will actually end up marrying each other...
Finally get to eat lunch! If this crazy schedule continues I have no worries about maintaining my weight for the wedding!
I'm sorry y'all this crying baby and no Dick is getting to me.
RT : Looking 4 fun? Visit one of Tennessee's many wineries across the state. Find a winery near you at www.PickTnProducts.org
RT : $45 of $100 spent at a locally-owned business stays in local economy. Only $14 of that same $100 spent at chain store stays.
Read 's tweets. I thought you two were drinking together
anyone have some artistic shots of last night's fireworks?
you just give them the look ---> -_____-
i love boys
my bad i forgot to lock up my emotions...
Did you get the invite yet?
I was n my mom was a troop leader. We used to make the coolest jewelry n scrunchies, ha! The scouts were so cute this morning
c'mon steelers lets fight, black, gold, and white !!! :)
Sorry you couldn't make it. won best food blog. Check our Twitter bio for links to results, pics and a Twitter list.
#InMyCity you don't just run into someone.
Cormac McCarthy's THE ROAD?
Looking forward to tomorrow night's show at Schubas with The Kickback!
oovoo me ASAP
Ladies: there is a huge difference between being thick and over weight.
i'm not that interesting but here: dontgiveuponus
Do u follow ?? If not, please do it NOW!! Support GOod MuSiC :)
RT : Tune in to Great Day STL to catch Bryan Fenkart () from MEmphis!
LoL gotta get it while it's hott!
I like when you tweet to fans. I'm a fan and I'd cry and freak out if you tweeted me. Please?
No, Scotty and I were the fog machines. Cigars were just the "juice".
is it your birthday today!? If it is Happy Birthday!!! If its not WOOPS !! Lol! :D ILY! <3
Citizen of the the knowledge society, Pierre Levy via
Feeling naked with out ear rings in :-/
still laughing when I see your "oh my gosh we hit 68,000" tweet! Haha that was the funniest voice you said that in.
Love it. RT : Haters can be ignored, critics deserve a response.
> gathering 9am @ goode circle area. Will send an email with more when I clean out my inbox
In honor of I"'ll Have Another," I think I will have another . . . Salute
Yourfavoritemartion on YouTube is fuckin hilrious. True G Junk
Just had a 99 point word on words wit friends
If you are going to VidCon, you won't want to miss the booth! Seriously!
Put it down bout to be my new ring tone on my iPhone
uneducated people !
On a visit to the gorgeous Clark Library in Los Angeles
solid investments are key.
We are happy to welcome Felicia Escobar & Julie Rodriguez from the White House to have an immigration conversation with #nafsaAD advocates!
Bringing hookers back like I'm in the Secret Service.
im 44 and cant get enough of #puddles!! #hopethishelps :-)
VSP say gunman at VT was NOT a student, will release identity after family notification
haha nice! Look forward to meeting you!
Shopping for Halloween costumes.
#girlbyenotwiththem mickey mouse panties that you bout from Wal-Mart
HEY CUBBY!!! Thank you for the follow! :)
N.C. used to also, back in the day.
If the site is called "Pinterest," why is everyone posting pictures of everything but glasses of Guinness? The world makes no sense to me!
My not wanting to see it was built in so it didn't occur to me the marketing might actually have a deleterious effect
Fruit snacks, which are more snacks and less fruit.
If Tiger made no mistake except for poor driving, then give all of the facts that led to the mishap and be honest. Story has 2 b believable.
Third?? Last one happened at 554pm/ 654 pm EDT. Or the could be sensing more.
do ppl in this house understand its illegal to open my mail?...smh
Looking at guys pissing...
Wait a minute...Stefan Urquelle is on USA's hit television show, "Psych?"
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada ........
happy moms day to ya!!!
James Franco is so hot in Freaks and Geeks.
What I'm remembering is Santigold does electro-pop stuff. Wikipedia tells me she's also 10 days younger than I am.
#top100lies Bailey can play sports.
Good morning, sir!
Woo picking up trash to REDD UP THE STRIP. People are going to think I am part of a chain gang.
Vets Unite gets Veterans the help they need when they need it. Ask how you can help.
i didnt write that, it wa automatic
Wow! The classic seymour!! Good job stormin norman
I swear my fam are the funniest. "You got a boyfriend now? Lemme see a picture!" Just say congrats or something. DAMN!
no negative vibes here-- I am Switzerland :) Just a friendly prod.
Is anybody else twitter app getting everything in their mentions
#FF Gregarious guys, gives grins & grimaces. Go get him!
when are you coming home?!
Tis the season for delusional Facebook posts about how Christmas is under attack!!!!!
wish we had faster hards. still prolly same players, but the TENNIS would be different. sigh. i miss variety.
Well, it happened a long time ago, and it is the story about why I did it (reluctantly). Now it has a little more in it :)
Doctor said I have radiculitis. I told him I thought he was pretty ridiculous, too.
oops too late
Thanks for the RT re: 3-year-old mobile testers. :)
I'm not gonna lie...this boy gives me butterflies! :)
You could be in cahoots with the Aussies though... we can't be too careful.
e-mail my heart
I wanna buy a used/good condition/affordable bicycle, anybody selling one?
#Hiring Sr. Java Programmer/Analyst for a six month contract-to-hire position in #Columbus Ohio
i want to be broski of the week cuz im in love with u,ur the greatest wwe superstar of all time nd ur a future wwe champ.WWWYKI
See you Monday for another insightful discussion about the professional world!
Yeah that's nice. But "IT'S THE CATALINA WINE MIXER!"
Looking forward to #POLFinals tonight with other #artsed folks. It's how I get my poetry fix for the year.
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing customized homes in San Antonio Texas.
oh shush.,. It was an over exaggeration !
shady bitches <<<
Watching I spit on your grave this movie is fucking sick im bout to burn this movie....
poptarts suck dick
brace yourself for a disaster season.
How I decide whether or not to go to someone's house; Me: "Is there food?" Them: "Yea?" Me: "I'm on my way."
Hi justin
Shit crazy in highschool when me n russle westbrook played against each other he was my size now he givin niggas buckets
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless; the love I feel for him
cuddle time?
Thanks to all our followers! We are almost at 300. Keep telling your friends about our focus groups in
blah blah blah
I would be interested in reading your blog post. I'll keep an eye out for it.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! I HOPE IT IS GREAT. AND COULD U PLZ PLZ PLZ FOLLOW ME? IF U WUD THAT WUD MAKE ME SO HAPPY(:
I want to follow all of my favorite celebs on here, but there is just too many. I'd never really see any of their tweets with so many!
At #FMF2012 Grammy showcase in Orlando repping
Waiting for the weekend:)
I am literally crayin
Did you try a waffle today?
Just making pot au chocolat. It's like chocolate custard. Yumo.
My pleasure. It is nice to see other students' work. Can get too predictable with my own sometimes.
Just sold my car for gas money.
The History Of House 8pm-10pm M/F PST with DJNateski hosting the music for you..House, Classic House,Disco & Funk..We love to see you smile
I'm going to finish this book and then get my day going ---
Good morning all!!
today I'm going to be in a panel to give advice to transfer students PRO-TIP: DO NOT TAKE MY ADVICE
Yeah, the overtime was killing me. I don't think I have your number, is it on Facebook?
seriously?!?!? how did you screw that one up?!?!?!
thanks Jason. That one is closed as well, however.
Can't express how sad it is to be stuck in #Wisconsin being a #Patriots fan during #SuperBowl week!! #goPatsgo!!!!
yea i dnt know tho, my back light won't turn off
Good Luck today , , , Bring home the series win
I cried when I watched new freestyle. Was perfect! But Nick you look so lonely someone need a hug?😘
any good tips or guide
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead it'd be easier to list the ones who haven't.
is it possible to keep a live plant in my [former closet] office at work, if I take it home to get sunshine on the weekends? please say yes
Sec of Ed Arne Duncan at the #aasl board mtg-security won't allow people in and it wasn't advertised-violation of open mtg rule?
didn't know you were a Mac Miller fan! Going on tour with him next month w/ Thanks again for the LA meetup, was rad.
#BandsILove Phoenix & New Crystal Dolls
Off for a quick camping overnight.
It's too late for deep thinking.
Last monday i had a snow day....today im sweating like a fucking fat man who just ran 5 miles...what the actual fuck, mother nature of pa.
Ready! RT : The will host the on opening day May 19
People really love combining two words into one new word. Is this as popular in other countries as it is in the US?
its #11:11 #MakeAWish #AustinMahone.....my wish is that all the people in the world get feed today <3 God Bless <3
i ♥ black women ( buh don discriminate) #although, #aintNthnLikeAsistah lol
Don't use The Word of God to justify hatred and discrimination! Take the sheets off your heads! You're equally wrong!
": You can find me at the lot, yeah, I like my money fast. Two hundred on the gas, two hundred on the dash. U trill n best analyst
more wig-like than natural | it has now been tamed | — mowed lawn
am so happy The Artist won! wonderful film.
i am bored guys rlly what about u all?
Ravens dominate. Defense closes game.
haha gotcha... Then yes you are very antisocial lol!
You have THE coolest blog I've seen in a while! I think I'm addicted now.
Misread this as "Movies like Ratner."
I love The Huffington Post. I do too! Can't function w/out it. Luv u too, Carson. Keep on rockin'...
S/o our bro and his team. They came all the way from NYC!
someone's picking me up and taking me
Reading Minds is NOT my JOB! Communicate expecations clearly and wait for instructions. Really, that its is NOT hard cold science!
Happy Hour Tonight 3p-6p No Cover No Minimum Tasty Drinks, Pizzas & Tacos ~ Check it out for tonight ~ Live Dishes too, OG Cocktails & more
wudz good twitter junkies
Me: I need someone in charge of stopping me right before I make a huge mistake. My brain: Not it
Best thing about Monday is a #SFGiants sweep of the Mets!
to bad hes no where to be found!
Both of #Kman's grandparents now follow me on Instagtam thereby satisfying their craving for pics of him and no longer bugging me for them.
my mom always does that repeatedly, then wonders why I get upset after the 3rd or 4th time
why do people not follow people but always retweet them?
ah not having your number suckd s s ugh
Good morning America doing a salute to the 80s next week! Remember those tube sock up to the knees :)?
Actually going to bed before 11! I love sleep and somehow don't get enough of it. Goodnight Twitter world!
Happy 19th birthday to my little sister!!
Good times.
We apologize, technical difficulties. Voting was temporarily interrupted for all submissions. Thanks.
haha yeah!! Omg and I saw your picture with Ed. I need to meet him one day!
no one cares about updates on WVU officials' meetings john...no one!
what a combination!!!
DYK? Carrie P. Meek, former U.S. Congresswoman was a member of DST. ..
Thx for Tweeting this, had no idea my talk had been accepted!
Thanks so much for allowing us to speak at your meeting! We really appreciate it!
whichever way you style your hair it will always look nice!!! Makeup or not you're still pretty!!!!
Going to the park
Have this recording thing that I need to get set up to start recording with better quality
There's a lot out there, you have to go and get it though.
Would guess they didn't make it to ENC1101 lol
Looks like I'm eating some junk food for the game...#socited Peter piper pizza and Wingstop ...
Send me a ticket when you wanna hit it, send me the Ring win you wanna get married.
Thanks for the RT, my dear!! :)
Dear God, I speak for myself and copious amounts of women. Please put the fat from my ass into my boobs.
[Aladin-alert] Voyager Upgrade and Newest Partner, Howard University All,
The last line killed me. "how we define our professionalism"? By treating others with respect and meeting our commitments
I'm keynoting it! And that really bums me out that you aren't coming
Patriots got the Ball at the Broncos 44. Brady passes to Branch and He Fumbles and Tebow is back with 1 seconds left. They gain yards but...
This weekend needs to hurry a little, even though all this make up work is bullshit.
and im sitting here single swaggin.. :(
It's an extra large 7-11 coffee kind of morning
5% batt and a full day of traveling 😊!! Happy Thanksgiving! 🐔
Spurs' lead up to 11 after Danny Green's first basket. Spurs lead 66-55 with 6:48 left in the third quarter. Jazz timeout.
i love it when guys realize all that a girl has to go through and they're not some sexists jerks.
« Just because they smile in your face don't mean they like you!». .. . #REMINDSMEEHOF.. . .LBJC
Error 37. Maybe I should just wait until tomorrow. Work early.
I'm putting the "free" in "freelance."
Just received that SMOOTH bump up to first class!
thank you for all your comments!!
been capping professionally for 6 years now. People love you when you're winning but hate you when you loose all part of it
Trio thing in a few
On this date, 29 years ago, November 18, 1982, Bill Sargent Bands launched with the debut of The Bill Sargent Big Band featuring Joan Seele.
tonight 8pm you must see at
...Let's stick to understanding & we won't fall/for better or worse times, I hope to me you call/so I pray everyday friends will stay...
I Saw this cute 7 yr old wearing Hannah Montana socks.Me: "Do you like Hannah?" her: "No but I like stepping on her face every time I walk."
Did u know: #Denver, known as beer capital of the U.S. (epicenter of both large scale & craft brewing) has a microbrewery at #CoorsField?
Keep your secrets with you girl, safe from the outside world
Stop Online Privacy Act SOPA bill has monumental implications for content hosts like libraries - Peter Brantley
and boy I want you to know, I can't get you out of my head
Not quite! It's Garth (Kevin O'Reilly). Though will be in the scene this picture is from too, just not as excited!
we love to get you to do a write up on our music!!
Keep a time log during some time interval, like a week, and then analyze it to see where your time goes.
Romney is a uniter. The majority of Republicans and Democrats agree that he's a phony.
. you want a new GM and coach just to have new ones. Wanna keep doing this over and over?
Follow me if you love One Direction or Justin Bieber. I'll follow back
Just read your opening up a restaurant. Hope you have room to hold all 2000 + of the SLTP ladies in August. lol
To give someone a piece of your heart is worth more than all the wealth in the world.
thank ya!
Hey , we should talk about an internship program we're planning for the summer!!
Evans - 8 for 8 FTs, big boards & D stops
#iWishThat i saw #newyearseve cuz I really want to!!
Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous.-Bill Moyers
I only use two addons but thats more on the addon devs not doing their job imho, but I totally get the memory issue
That taco was handed down by the Good Lord himself. #<3thattaco
Random Fact: Diana Ross appeared on at least one hit single every year between 1964 and 1996, an incredible 33 years.
Seeing everyone else freaked out about the senior project freaks me out cause Im not freaked out about it.
Gracias for the info!
'The Voice' Keeps Up Super Bowl Momentum; 'Smash' Results Are Mixed
I like to stun the spider with hairspray, leaving it disoriented and highly flammable. It goes "FWOOM" and then there's no spider remains.
I'm not upset you lied to me. I'm upset that now I can't believe you any more.
Thank you thinking of me~makes me feel special!! I am sure that my pain meds have everything to do w/ me feeling a bit better. lol ;)
they also need the northern part to get the oil from Canada. Kind of pointless to have northern part.
autosave failed. I need autosave every 3 minutes & obvs not with local msft office. :( :( :( know if I can reach into the RAM
Thanks! Happy New Year!
i'm hungry but I don't know what i want
Best swimming hole in ausitn? Barton Springs of course
We have a hot n' juicy burger just for you! Fight the cold and come on out, open till 8pm, dine-in or take out
Over/Under on Virginia tomorrow night sitting at 107.5. They scored 96 combined LY, but scored over 110 in 19 straight prior to that one...
Right now. Lol
Recording a lesson for a www.etapdance.com subscriber who needs 15 seconds of a tap step broken down from a YouTube video.
Very true. The States role in marriage is different than the Church's role
Finished TM. It was fun and very cold. Best of luck tomorrow. You can do it.
Nathaniel, yet again he tweeted clear, distinct, obvious, and intelligible
I will love till forever until death do us part well be together take my hand hold on tight we'll get there this i swear
Thanks for making my morning with your 2012 campign playlist! OFA.BO/pHpWYy :: it's on spotify!
They wana take my brother to a waterpark in jersey tomorrow i'm done yo ctfuuu
Should be doing work of some sort right now
The pain of feeling so along ,when theres a room full of people is crazy.
Cocaine is presently the most abused major stimulant in America. It has become the drug most frequently involved in EMR visits
So Brees wasn't elite, & after seasoning was so? #WilNeverHappenAgain!? Steve Young... go look at TBay stats!
Owney, riding rails. / Postal bags and foreign tags. / Adventure called him. - A #haiku from buddy Ralph
You're welcome! I've stopped by before-- was a guest #ThisIBelieve reviewer in my ENG110 class so I've said hi to her. :)
who you telling. Niggas wearing Dickie shorts and Camos shoveling snow. Sd worst we get no love or respect.
I'm tempted to literally set fire to the rain. But, I can't because I'm in campus right now :/
3 years since Relapse.
is anyone else missing their and #mentions on #Twitter today? #DM me if you are, I've been missing mine for a month!
can't dm you... no worries. we'll need to look at next week to reschedule the. Ill check dates later today.
are you serious? Damn that's awesome.
at home wea u at
is a future hall of famer! What a great career.
Just getting to the BookCourt to see
Have a SAFE and Happy New Years Eve !
LMFAO! When the fuck did I say that?
I putted lefy handed in mini-golf tonight...boooyah!
do you think is ready for our dancing?
I grew up watching Jordan, nobody in the nba keeps me on the edge of my seat like he did!! #GOAT always and forever.
BABY, COME BACK! Baby, come back to me!
I am a perfect example of imperfection...
Is he really gay
could be worse - i have 6 programs this week
Today so far has been a spectacular reiteration all the wrong persons are dead. Tempted to amend this.
How did the interview go?
hey Ur so funny :)
Do tell!? What is your favorite work?
plz follow me:)
OH HELL NO. THAT IS UR MAN.
Never Fall In Love With "Potential"!!!!!!
and you, Tracy. Hope you're having a fabulous day!
Re-deux work day! Giving lots of furniture new life:)
no, #SCCMayor and we are tweeting from tonight
Easter candy... It's whats for breakfast, lunch, & dinner this week!
in Florida or Paris?
Tried out some moves over the weekend via on cable (ch1) n man, I'm still sore! You have to check it out!
If the #Jaguars waited until July to release Coleman they would get slammed for not giving him chance to catch on with another team#can'twin
👏👏 RT : So Proud Of ; Today Was His Last Day of College &amp; He's Graduating Next Week
tweet, tweet, tweet.
I want to watch the clippers game, if it is the same as game 1
can i get a
Watch out for companies who promise to "make you rich" claiming that "anyone can do it." Simple Supply and Demand debunks that
I just whispered out loud "Don't go in the basement!" Scary Moviez am i right
I love it. The name of every student and the scholarships they have been awarded are being read aloud...totaling over $2million
Planning for St. Paddy's? Stop in Fri thru Sun for Fresh Corned Beef & Cabbage! We also have Big Gingers and Car Bombs to add, um, pizzazz!
washington post has been running the china daily propaganda supplement for some time
hey bella cam you follow me please i love you'r personage in sake it up yu are munch
Oh brother(s) RT PLEASE RT : Capitalize please. #Twins RT Please
Glenn, Hill, Randle still possible for Browns at 37.
oops yeah readability as well for when I'm going to read right then, pocket for later. Agreed on producers though. It's a hard line.
One step forward, one to the side, now one back. We are definitely waltzing. Except I'm the woman I think.
just seems that Izturis, Conrad, etc are so bad we inflate expectations of league average guys like Lucroy. Sorry, just frustrated
almost nicole...
Tonight & Friends will be providing your #humpday tunes
From Tony Plohetski: Fellow reporter Novak huddled in hallway with family at home near downtown Houston.
Whats up with Florida's Weather -_-
You're completely right, is a huge
": Gotta load my tweets ! "f u my phone doesn't connect ti wifi here
Morris will not continue as basketball coach, per AD Jeff Lueders. They're posting that job right now.
"er-ah-err-ah-r" (ducky rooster voice)
"A huge weight has been lifted off of my shoulders." I have never really understood the expression until now.
No matter what anyone else thinks, says, or feels...YOU are God's favorite!! <3
We believe #business is one of most powerful forces on planet, & harnessed correctly, can impact in freakishly sustainable way.
RT : I think it's safe to say that Katy Perry performance was a public middle finger to Russell Brand
Shh, just let it happen.
If I end up on third shift and have to miss my brother's senior football season, I'll cry. #seriously #lovemybrother 😭😰😢
You may not ever understand what's going on in their life- but you can always figure out what's going on in yours
Anything going on in Detroit today cuz?
I thought it was cute. U could add some more drama maybe... r they gonna fall in love? But, overall I thought it was good.
oh pahaha i see it
cute is holding hands in the car and kissing at all the red lights
thanks O! That pic was taken/edited by my fab #sisterwife She's another rock star!
Applied for the Cubs PA job today. Give me ivy.
Louis Oosthuizen should have known, you don't wear green on Sunday of the Masters - Watson wins
I added an extra 100 channels to my cable package in October just so I wouldn't miss was brilliant. Bad call.
I won't speak for the quoran but jesus taught nothing but love. The new testament invalidated a lot of the old.
I don't think I told you before, but that Shearwater Van Ettin cover is bad ass.
Re: starting team w/ 3 AFC South defenders- Saw you had Ryans #4. When would Jerraud Powers have entered the mix?
Click on the first link on every page! You will always make it back to "philosophy"!
Got to get started on gardening project. Tend to the land!
I know right! :D
You're right! Sue Duncan was the 1st from 2002-07, then Paul Wiles. However, the post has been vacant since his retirement in 2010
Too true!!
I will not sleep.
I honestly don't even care about the rest of the school year.. I just want summer <3
S/o to a sexy witty puttn on for tha Htown to all my followers follower her please u jus my get a sexy pic to
YES so friggin crazy the next ep. is the last one for this season right?! oh man shits gonna go down lol
O_o, guess your little one isn't so little anymore. My bad lol
Quick transaction.
Running IS a technique sport. Check out some of the many named running techniques such as Pose Chi, or Evolution.
Thanks for checking into 4square and happy Pi day! Feel free to follow back & let us know about your visit
I had a chicken bowl, double chicken, brown rice, black beans and guac tonight.... it was really good!
class was great shadowing the next 2 days
nothin' says childhood fun like the smell of molten plastic!
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much — Oscar Wilde.
Somehow there is both an Indiana fan (not really surprising for Madison) and a New Mexico State fan (pretty surprising) in this bar.
lmao well stop that shit :p
yeah, fuck that..
GO BIG Tonight! Good Luck!
Man, i want a dog
Today's Bodemeister was Never thought being too fast would be a bad thing :-)
HAHAHAH. We can add one more when I appoint you as my running mate
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown tonight from 8-11pm on 98.9 The Buzz! Get yer Rochester Rock 'n Roll!
Wonder how many copies of that Mobicip app are gonna be downloaded after that NYT article today
Fuq dat hoe, dick her down Woo! Woo! Smh this damn coon video song is too catchy
We've partnered with Toyota of Boerne & ! Our valet team will be accepting your food #donations until March 31.
Make sure you pick up a gift card for all of your friends!
I love San Antonio but it sure does get hott!!!!
Watching the movie GRIND, hands down my favorite skate movie 👍💩
So much for an hour class. This shyt been 3 ans a half mf hours.
Thanks for the listing!
JUST GOT SOME MORE ADIDAS IN TODAY COME GET YOU A PAIR!!!!
Wonders what the next few weeks will bring. Hopefully good things. And grades.
Looking forward to the Meatpocalypse tonight. BBQFTW!
My spirit is sleeping somewhere cold
Apathy is a disease. Ignorance spreads like cancer. Yet neither is an excuse for inaction...
": I'm confused. " she meant, pee. I was teasing you because you turn everything into a competition :P
There's no way you're 18, you look like you're about 16.
I understand the intention of this quote but I think passion and determination are on par with it.
I been in summer classes EVERY year lol I need a break
good song.
yooooooo did u hear Drita rap? She was fucking dope!!
New Sunday Tradition: Buying scratch-off tickets. I will win $5,000 a week for life. I FEEL IT!!!
that figures!
Watching Demi Lovato on youtube! Her new Video :) " DemiLovatoVEVO " So my day Completed. :) x
no package yet :(
Try losing the first set. Worst case scenario, you lose in straight sets, save valuable time
What about scotch tape? RT : Beer. RT : Music and writing, what more do you need?
My girl, Im back on Twitter<3 I lost all my followers though. Go tell ya people to tell their peoples,
always amazes me with their customer service. With the high bar they set for themselves, you'd think they'd falter. But not so far!
A lot of work will be done over the next day and a half by & to get the website up and running.
God will never put you in a situation you cannot handle....all you have to do is trust & believe in him.
hope you had a lovely day at wango tango. Goodnight sweet dreams and love you :*
Jeff carter go fuck yourself!
I'm so happy right now, it makes me nervous.
“ I've realized most of these ppl who got on only got on cus of who they know, not their talent.”
that obviously had nothing to do with Super Troopers. :) Always open for a talk, put me on speed dial.
if loving you is wrong : i dont want to be right <3
Good luck on the 50miler!
perhaps, although giving an artsy cousin as a wedding gift is more difficult than it sounds
Join for an intimate LIVE FAN CHAT with Cambio TODAY at 5pm PST! Submit questions using #AskDemi - aol.it/nemUMV
might take a week or two too after the appeal on dec 1st-3rd before we hear anything so it could be mid-december or later
Recession is so bad, even Apple lost jobs
um is a faggot. end of story. :)
plans to move in soon..
Putting together information for next year's officers! Don't forget the meeting is today at 4:15 in VLIB 201.
On set for more Saltwater!!!
I didn't realize that Hedo Turkoglu still knew how to score, much less make crazy circus and-one shots.
Watching Bizarre foods featuring !! Exciting :)
I just need to stop letting people dare me to do things when I'm drunk
People, realize that unless #Obama acts on his promises NOTHING is going to change.
Gonna try to clean my room.
Website coming soon
I struggle so much to articulate why I detest email attachments. Yet I don't favor cloud computing in all cases.
ur my best friend...crazy and you love hydroponic.
While breastfeeding may not seem the right choice for every parent, it is the best choice for every baby. ~Amy Spangler
Haha. The format is fascinating to me. But it is very scripted and static.
I love Lucy but she is so... weird! LOL :).
#idol - Skylar chose a great song and it was fun but off a bit compared to her usual.
Cool - thanks! Wouldn't be surprised if tide is turning...or if it depends a lot on urban/rural areas.
RT : "when the Kindle launched sales of romance novels skyrocketed, people didn't have to carry around the books"
| Thks 4 the follow. What is your unique twist?
Hey, remember to send me that strumming file
Press conference 10 am 6337 s Woodlawn to #SaveOurClincs. Time to free the
Does anyone have a contact at Toys for Tots? We've emailed and left a bagillion messages but no one is getting back to us. :(
can't believe you gained another 100,000 followers in a little over a month! so proud of you(:
I He's on the broadcast...
Getting ready for work.
Why would I try to back a reasonable argument with a malicious link? Also I'd need a dozen links, this is a good summary.
haha ttyl is #talk to you later!!!
I stopped doing drugs and now I literally dream about them
#WildlifeWednesdays every Wednesday 9am-1pm!! Join us this week to learn about the AMAZING world of Lions!!
twitter...its been too long!
Future wife, if you don't know how to make deviled eggs, it's just not gunna work out.
Woohoo!! YAY #PATRIOTS!!! A Very Happy New Year this is turning out to be. :)
Thanks Grant - the best is yet to come, so many great teams we've backed haven't (yet) had their day in the sun ;)
Your feed is not working (for today's updates) but PokerNews' is.
I gotta go buy more:(((
Talking Wheat Thins integration on The Colbert Report. It was perfect.
it made me laugh
Open the windows to your mind. Air out all your winter woes and let some spring smiles shine through! :D
Thought for the week: Make God bigger.
What is your favorite thing about English?
One of my favorite places. Make sure you go upstairs to the Art Collection, prettier sitting room than the Music Library.
that's awesome news Abbie! email if you have any questions!
Like this if you want the Jason McCourty autograph!
he makes the show good ❤ haha
Something something something
Still got nothing but love for her no anger or hard feelings over here :)
hey :) sorry, I was taking a nap lol.
magic music, yeah? Anything good?
RT : Very helpful! RT : One of my rewrite passes is to just take one character at a time and focus on them
#expeditionhewitt day one was a journey like no other. Tomorrow is another day of learning and fun. #NYC is our classroom.
Hope u all got 2listen to my old band on myspace
real graphic artists use photoshop
oh I agree completely. Just couldn't resist the urge to toss in a semicolon remark
So guys
How many samples of candy does this confectionery giant give out each year? Rachel indulges at the Sees Candy Factory Sat (12/4/10) @ 8:30pm
Very frustrated now. Looks to be 2 weeks before my computer is back. Thanks for keeping on!
jopa remarks spot on! Thank you!
Philly Sports got 0-3 tonight
follow for all the latest news on #COD #BlackOpps and a chance to land a copy of the game a week early
Melo is playing some real ball...on both ends!
Its Saturday morning....we all NEED coffee......
33 for lawn
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.432
Wondering what's going on in the world feeling a bit
Argh can't watch game. Not acceptable.
Why did girls flash the boys today? They know the boys are gay, right?
I don't have tickets, but just go. Drunk people are always selling them before the game. We just have standing room
Just saw a car like the one from The Dukes of Hazzard!
Alan Graham and I are the McCain/Palin of the non-profit social media world. That is... We're MAVERICKY. And we LIKE IT.
poke from Julia.
Hey Guys haven't been tweeting in a while (long story) Hope all is well in Tweetville and you are going to see bunch of tweets...
FINAL PERFORMANCE: Superior Donuts 2 p.m., Road Less Traveled Theatre ($15 - $30)
"Knicks don't have the IQ of the Spurs" Love that
are you using your computers to help your business become more successful? Most people aren't. We can help. 512 873-0447
Sale sale sale come to freestyle here at Northstar Mall! RT
Yum.... RT : Jus saw some nasty fat girl cleavage...shit looked like old balloons filled wit grits
I'm so so so proud of Austin. <3
This time 3 years ago I had just given birth for the 2nd time. One of my greatest joys. I am so grateful and humble for the opportunity
Here you go-sorry, thought we were already following you...
Spin Off - Diane Lockhart. Eileen Rand. And their hot scruffy men.
Winners compare their achievements with their goals, while losers compare their achievements with those of other people. - Nido Quebein
Your history doesn't determine your destiny!
Yes! Trojans! Fight On! Great Job! Exciting game! Got to run! GREat!
Happy Birthday :) nice background
Happy St. Patricks Day! How you going to spend it? Me I will be at Whip Lounge on Mill Ave in Tempe. 7p-2a. DJ ES, DJ J.ALAN. Hope 2 c u !
indeed. But what a blowout!
I get it. You want to blow Crosby. Alas, your tits are small, you have crater face, and you're overall not that cute. Not bringing him back.
Thank you to all my CSUEB colleagues/classmates who've written such kind recommendations! You guys are wonderful!
perhaps i'm annoyed because I'm hungry.
pretty well I think I'm gonna finish with a 3 point somethin so it was good bruh
#Indaba #2012 Day 1 at the #Durban ICC. Lots of great products & services on display.
Same, shocked, saw him on campus the day before at HH RT : Just saw Junior 3 weeks ago at USC's spring game.
Wow, LMAO I got excited for nothing!
Good luck to all competing in the women's little 500 today! And to everyone else... Party hard and don't be an idiot! :)
RT I'm stuck with lame enemies. Bruce Lee said pray for great enemies who'll bring the best out of you. I pray & still get lame ones.
got enuf miles for both of us? ;) roadtrip to ORD! comix and white castles!
that was very very well said! & there is no need to apologize. With so much ignorance in this world it's something to be used to
Lodges - Thanks for following!
I am not stressing, just noting the missed opportunities. Those translate later in the season.
after spending a solid ten minutes with spell-check, I can confirm that it's spelled "whittle."
LaChat had left the building (insider) lol
I was going to ask u how are u
Found a ballon in the Vaccum store. I'm havin' fun
ahahahahahaha I have my ways :)
List of Sailor Moon episodes - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
It's a good world when and are following you on Twitter.
I'm so hungry. I'm eating like a stoner.
No thanks to congress Obama is still trying to clean up Bush's mess that belongs to the GOP regressive Government
wut up?! how are you?
NEW FACE-OFF tonight! There's a couple episodes on now. I love this show! New episode on at 10 pm eastern.
Thanks Tasha! I'll give it a try and see what happens.
Too much love going the way of #TeamSheen. Bring it!
Going to write an article on the misandrynistic subtext of "What to Expect When You're Expecting." I think that's a word.
I need to actually watch this movie. Intense ending!
how much??
RT : Nigga TOUCHDOWN TO CAUSE HELL --- hell yea, niggas finna be fully that crown tonight for no good reason
I agree! Thanks!
happy birthday!
How is the dressed body integral to the display/creation of political ideology? Lennard on the manufacture of K robes.
It's Talk Like ShakespeareDay! Tips? Use thou or thee for you, add "eth" to verbs and use "ye" for ya'll. Methinks I will enjoyeth today!
Just One Of Those Times
when someone starts acting drunk after 1 drink.......
Actually referenced "Fat Bottomed Girls" to , but "Bicycle" is the one stuck on repeat in my head. Oy vey :-p
I was once asked by a woman named Anonymous to comment on how seeing Leslie at Cafe Caffeine made me feel. Strangely, my answer was "normal"
#GreenyTheDance I give Greeny a 1 in honor of wearing 1sies & the one square on the floor that Greeny never left.
I'm telling you #LEVELHEADED the mix tape is looking real crazy features sounding real nice rite now
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. - Scott Hamilton
Some guy really changed his name to Tyrannosaurus Rex...wtf is wrong with people!!
is rocking school administrators in Houston tonight
Please pray for those who haven't trusted Jesus as Savior yet...
Subtle differences b/w LOD, metadata, cataloging alluded to... but we all want to create connections among data items
Faith No More.
I DON'T trust the Gorton's Fisherman.
warm and cloyingly sweet. nothing like freshed picked rainier cherries!
Fish for lunch ^.^
$ 495- DENIM SOFA !!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE UP TO 65 % OFF !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Access to #financial #literacy is also important -- i.e. #mobile #accounting tools ( ) helping #microentrepreneurs grow
Is a disappointment. all i do is let people down im sorry everyone i wish i hadnt let any of you down
thank u friend
#AskArchivists Day 6/9 fast approaching! Lookin' fwd to it! Planting Fields houses NYS archives, Long Island Region
#WhiteRazrXmas ... I'm dreaming.... Of a white Razr. Beauty in the color of snow.
#18FavoriteThingsAboutJustinbieber never gives up
Leslie Sandoval, Homeless Man Charged In Killing, Offers To Reveal Location Of Victim's Foot In Exchange For Deal: The Associated Pre...
Err'body watch out. will be in MKE this weekend!
We are having a hot & muggy 4th of July here in New England. I'll be grilling for 25 people that will be soon converging for a pool party.
Where can i get soulsurfer movie.
thanks lil bro
I've been sleeping all dayy...
Better--if you cut a deal with Nabisco before you start eating.
All packed and ready to head to LA tomorrow. #kate&robwedding
In order to have great customer service, you have to have customers.
Phil with Sue Erickson and a picture of Baby Matthew. Sue said, "He's defined by God, not by cancer."
I don't have any but I can learn lol
Great fight so far
I'll concede that #twospaces is wrong, but you just try breaking me of habit of using them.
SOX: Guess who? Will Middlebrooks. The 3B lines two-run double to LF with the bases loaded and the #RedSox take quick 2-1 lead, B2.
At what point did Skittles, or the lack thereof, becoming leading criteria in this sham of an "award"?
what story are you on?
alright i've got three of them so far dinosaur chicken snake
New: Severe Thunderstorm Warning [wind: <50 MPH, hail: 1.00 IN] for Brown, Redwood till 7:45 PM
& - thank you for the follow & best wishes!!
more targets: mover, dentist, optometrist, florist, auto repair, commercial real estate, copier/fax, biz coach, PI atty, matchmaker...
Geek ballin in the slant
Mahala ka pua, ua wehe kaiao - The blossoms are opening, for dawn is breaking. Hawaiian phrase of the day.
didnt know you were that dope!
RT Just received cool looking 45 adapters (pair) by this week!!
Carroll: when an author signs a copyright transfer agreement choosing to exclude readers b/c article behind pay wall.
this is ran by students kimani lol !!!!
How to factor what the networks are purchasing? | Research #spec #scripts selling; which stories directors are shopping; & scripts to market
uhh why would you need cpr?
thanks lady! hope you had a great time in spain. welcome back to the 206!
Charging with sexual harassment. She wants me to shake my booty at work. :'(
I guess so .
awh! Love you too chris :')
Just breezed in and breezed out. Loved the Spirit label!
Thanks for the RT!
"And what am I supposed to make of this nonsense?" - Me, today at MoMA...every five minutes
hahaha its just so good!
Franchise Tax Board: check your inboxes for our latest news release on returned refunds. Will post a link when it's available
haha I know I have been shopping a lot >.< fuck it haha
I hate when my mom makes gross BLTs for dinner. Gross! Looks like I'm having pb&j
Sadly, the main headline in tomorrows Trib Sports section "Theo trades Byrd!!"
I'm loving this Leap Day 2012 weather in metro Milwaukee.....55 and sunny!
Two minutes left. Not missing much. Oregon is running away with the game. ORE 53-STA 30.
Our BeST research says a wage of $22.65 an hr needed to support family of 3 in DA cnty
Promoting new Grapes of Wrath pop RT Ice cream truck out front is playing "The Battle Hymn of the Republic." Just a tad hardcore.
Wishing you safe & clog-free travels today! Also hoping doesn't have his obnoxious cranked up full-throttle :-)
ALWAYS GOT ME SINGN LOVE ON TOP WITH THEM ON FRIDAYS
X.O
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
Signed up for Second City!
Ms. Peete: He is not only "your" Dick Clark--he helped a whole generation (not just AA) discover music. Great loss to all.
What do Roadrunners like for Valentine's Day!
RT : Congrats! RT : Hey Got great news. We are presenting at #iste12!
ORDER U'R VALENTINE'S DAY CAKE FROM US! Last order in by 4!!!
what up
so i've heard,but i wouldn't know anything about that haha
At least they cleaned their dishes haha
smoking doesn't make you cool. shut up.
Admittedly know less about the fashion side but seems to be a parallel there.
none, Biiiianca. Im graduating from pooooblic college.
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 5
can you follow have a question to ask you via dm
I have a million tshirts but not one navy blue?! How's this possible
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MISS YOU...
do you need help finding an apartment? We have listings all over Boston and Quincy!
Excellent and enjoyable session with from about email marketing at
Someone eat a baked potato (with cheese and sour cream), pork chop sandwich, cheese curds, and half a cream puff for me at the
Positive outlook of life adds 2 years to life expectancy. Sense of humor adds 3 more. Optimists age like wine. Pessimists age like milk.
Watching Modern Marvels in class
hahaha idk usually people get irritated when you point out mistakes so I tend to not tag them in it anymore.
Sun is the best for relaxations! RT : happy #FF ! And down to San Diego supercross Saturday and relaxing Sunday!
#nce11diane ravitch: I'm telling school leaders that they're valued
At Issues and Eggs legislative breakfast ... Keeping young people in WV being discussed first...
Audre Lorde's Sister Outsider and Computers in Libraries magazine
. Glad to see another town council on Twitter!
I just finished a 7.30 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Nice. What kind of musician? Mr Kosciuszko's little brother wants to go into game design.
Many people look forward to the new year for a new start on old habits
I dreamed last night that I was enslaved in a human milk factory farm. I think I've been reading too many books about our food supply.
waiting outside the lines for my love... lol.
Damn. Near. Free.
ひなまつり！ Doll's Festival! :)))
I know, and very true. all of that stuff should be taken with a grain of salt. I've always wondered what percentage of people
When planning a publicity event, hold it in the morning. That will give reporters plenty of time to edit it for prime-time news shows.
sorry I missed this! Let me check with our frozen buyer and I'll let you know
Murphys Grape Stomp: Dad and Brian got to the finals, and won! 14.28 pounds of grape juice, +2 pounds or so on next group of competitors!
Good morning!
One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life. That word is love. ~Sophocles~
Jay is going to get in line for tickets on Saturday :-)
#aam2012 has left me with dreams of saving baby pygmy orcas from giant dragonflies at the lake. No, really! I just had that dream.
Look for "hot attic photos" coming soon from your FB friends. :-)
A friend to all is a friend to none. Aristol
We're probably heading out there...tomorrow :)
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
Maybe i like being a pervert
#SaySomething <3 OMG BEAUTIFUL<3 YOUR VOICE IS SO PERFECT.
The moon...
Don't most men? Or are you referring to wet/dry shaving choice? Or maybe, a straight razor?
Hanging out in Lake Oswego, been here for an hour. Probably still for another hour at least
My N'sync & Britney Spears CD >>>
Got questions about Obama's jobs plan? Ask Stephanie Cutter, Obama's Deputy Sr Advisor right now: Use
Ugh why are you hurting me yes I know I fucked up but why are you tryna hurt me now :(
Animal Abuse #smfh .
Brown bag luncheon today for the public! Fifteen books & good cookies. Love doing this presentation!
cocky I see
Where are #SRHR for #China 's young women being brutally forced to abort?
Thursday is always my favorite day as I get to break down 1/2 of a whole #pig from and then make
Top resellers-integrators meeting today for 'insights' portion of Engineering Symposium.
how u gonna miss a bitch u don't kno???? Plus u got the greatest right here!!!! :-p
Yes! Thank you. [Though I might have said B+ performances, C material.]
Life is waiting
chilling back watching the NBA playoffs it is game time win or go home..
Guys. I love you. Now wanna help me break 2700 followers? :D
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 325
Who wants free tix? We'll give away a pair on 2night at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall!!
What's with the highs in the 60s this week!?! Spring is such a tease!
Leadership is about making the destination crystal clear, even when no one has been there yet.
Had to throw those your way, better late than never. lol
My heart = a place where the sun is silent.
congratulations on the competition last week
:) thnx for understanding
So Much Gabbana They Thought It Was My SPONSOR
it was prolly too long, I dunno. What's ur phone email? DM me!
Phone on silent. 10 missed calls. Turns volume to loudest. Nobody calls all day.
HOW BOUT THEM# BUFFALOES! #CUnit represent!!
your granny
Thanks for following Tara. I'm looking forward to hearing more about your magazine.
I applied for a job 
So what do you all think? Should I make this youtube channel for my drumming?
is there anything apple cider vinegar can't fix?
I also think I'm getting sick and I have to ride in the rain to get to work.
Have a great weekend Twitterland!
OFC ( Obama's Fried Chicken ) In China
fuck your ice cream
Wooden Rabbit Hutch – a short debateEzinePRcom - Submit- wooden rabbit hutches
Digging deeper. Why Chris Fomunyoh took a pass on Cameroon presidency. Fomunyoh:'probability of a flawed electoral process'
Mulch Step 2: Pour natural mulch such as wood chips or bark pieces 2 to 4" deep within the circle. Keep the mulch from touching tree trunk.
thanks for the encouragement!
pondering whether to give our "new grad" tech test to the existing dev team here at Nothing like a good pot stirring.
#10AttractivePeopleIFollow I don't think there are 10 different ways to say "me" without using other languages.
RT : Thanks Melanie! Glad to have you on the #Motorama LIVE staff, even if only part time! :)
Best soundcenter in a taxi ever!
Yum! 1 for french toast! RT : French Toast!
lol not unless he don't got a cum load
hey pretty cuz how are you?
the blue knight says hi.
Well, i'm done.. Goodnight everybody.
Are you going to be at this Saturday for Grand Opening party ? hope to see you there!
Appreciate all our new twitter friends - Looking forward to sharing/reading tweets!
Who wants to talk
Going to bed early to maximize my It's Friday! excitement (: G'Night (:
Enjoying my time at the Convention.
Bitches they come they go...
Nice. Well, I'm looking to upgrade as soon as a quadcore hits T-Mobile.
You can reduce the amount of sugar in your kids' food by buying cereals with 6 grams of sugar or less. Read the #nutritionlabel on the box.
yeah I am because I am so freaking clumsy!! & I did not haha.
yoo I'm back how's it goin?
Wow. For that last link I tweeted about who can fly drones above you, universities are by far the most significant drone fliers.
i know right me too!!!!
I love when and get me into foodie trouble.
i like how people are more concerned about a middle finger than all the crazy flashing illuminati symbolism during the halftime show .
thanks for the tweet, this is a great read for aspiring restaurant owners!
Good morning, all. Hope your enjoying a pleasant Sunday.
haha why you gotta put his business out there like that
Lets Go MEMPHIS !
Night night... How can I sleep all alone tonight. :)
#Bazinga... Having a little withdrawal of #TheBigBangTheory. An episode will be in order when I get home tonight.
Asking about Return on Investment is the wrong question today. You should be asking about Return on Involvement.- Saatchi & Saatchi CEO
Knoxville/Oak Ridge, Tn - a great place for engineers! It's a happening place!
Emerald World ET is in full gear now which is way cool. Had 2 more phone lines put in today. Let's get cookin'!
It was lovely to chat with you last night!! xoxo
There should be a reddit for fashion news. Does that exist and I just don't know about it yet?
Got a reply from a review site - they want a paperback copy. I offered only digital but I suppose I'll buy one for them and send it.
Viva Mexico!!!!
Single but still inlove with you
I think ima change my twitter name. Idk yet.
Open phone lines! Give us a call at 303-297-1510
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness- Mark Twain
Some Shocking Shit Man....
What's Fozzy Bear's favorite thing about sex?... The Knock-knock jokes!!
Cyber Monday Deal of the Hour - Free Mickey Mouse Ice Cream Bars with your Disneyland package for March-December 2012. Call Us at...
wish you could be here but we'll be tweeting for you!
Thanks for the follow. We appreciate it. PEACE!
If I could read minds, I'd only want to know what you truly think of me (:
links for our game please!!
I'm thinking the Barcelona v. Chelsea semi-final in the Champions League will get ugly. I'm predicting 14-2 to Barcelona on aggregate.
Someone's going to win $2,500 for their biz today at the Pop Up Pitch in Appleton! Thanks and First National Bank FoxValley
#ABQ make your Spring Break a little sweeter with a trip to Krispy Kreme!
Got a win this weekend. Now we are very close to having the championship wrapped up!!
Told my when we went to the club....YO DICK IS MY DICK #WINGMANOFTHE YEAR!!!
Looking forward to digging into super PACs after the training. But 1st: the science writing #denialconf at Mon/Tue
Wow, a technical on Draymond Green from #MSU vs. #Illinois. 3 fouls on him in first 9 minutes!
i love you baby
BURRITO TIME
Watching on demand until work.... ugh. No school tmm so that's a plus! :)
I hate this class ._.t text a nigga ;P
me but I like you too. So truce?
Haters gonna hate
i love you bud
Watchin Tae & BC fight >>>>> lmfao ok I'm done
i think you are downXD
The DJIA back to where we were 1 year ago! That's not change... that's more of the same!
#FeelBetterLogan Love ya logan!
Ah good morning! :D
that's what's up!
I apologize to my Draw friends. I am terrible Thanks for playing
Also, would you mind adding us to your UNCG-on-twitter list? Thanks again!
haha I slapped him a lot before and everytime I try to go near him he like protects himself. Like grow some balls.
Ppl are so rude
what ya up too?
this is time 4...
lol yeah a little mostly trying to sleep
Nick Johnson, can he get another bomb?
follow me i follow back
man I got some to do do mine & I'll do yours next time. Lol
Well don't!
YES! Goat butter is DELICIOUS! And mad expensive at Whole Foods but you should definitely try it.
Now that Moss2012 is over. I am all-in for some baseball
We now have over 30 spas, salons, fitness facilities participating! Adding more each day. Check out the participating today!
2 new clients have committed to getting healthy! Gotta love it!
I hate when peoplee continually text you, Like bitch, dont you think if i wanted to text you i wouldve texted back by now ?
Chilling in Vegas!
“: Unfollow me if need be but if #DEATHSQUAD teaches us anything it's friends lift friends and ”nmines
so far complete and utter wash. Rip off territory I think.
To the folks who are anti gay marriage in America have u fucking seen how Uncle Sam dresses? Even Liberachi tells Uncle Sam to tone it down.
wow- this EP is incredible
Latest call: Tall non-fat, domestic lager.
Not even gunna trip over it.
Lots of love and a Happy Mothers day to my wonderful Mum back in blighty.
Hello everyone! :D
...1st of all you're a dick ;) 2nd...is he really playing golf today?? He wants 49ers though right?
Real problem is the creators get lost in the debate. As writer, I do feel I deserve *something* for my work--it's hard. LOL
Have you ever tried being a FRIEND before you became Lovers? What was your end result?
i am very tired i am staying up all night again and i don't no why! :(
Cool, enjoy your break and have fun! :)
thanks for linking to our post Rod!
MCVE up 25% and rolling great pick by the editor
naw, i didnt take any photos this weekend, i got u when we get to the Bay...
They don't serve me, we serve each other- Perry Noble-
City rat blogoff? Why not combine forces and have a City Rat blog-awareness day?Either way, our staff is drinking Schlitz.
He sure does. Steal for someone today. RT : "Kirk Cousins has the traits to be an NFL starting quarterback." -
what time do u start performing love?
Hey, girly!! Thanks for the follow, Lauryn! Come see is at Plush Thurs!!!
Our Facebook page is Ohio Animal Companion! Like us!
Follow our CEO to keep up with what’s going on in the sports world.
Don't want to work today... listening to Worship music instead :)
NEVER call a girl UGLY or FAT even if your just joking....
Got a mood ring!!! I wish red was Fan (Mahomie) then it would be red all day!
I look forward to reading your new book. I enjoy your writing & recordings. Listening to "By Your Grace" w/Paul & Gerry now.
dude I'm having drinks with a millionaire entrepreneur right now
oh yeah! Agreed! RT Love the patio? Is that communal seating I see?? The more the merrier is our motto!
The Home Improvement Center is now on Twitter!!
diggin' the #pastels and color!
F the game, let's head to the mountain!!
Thanks for following!
at your show! thats whats up!
Sold out! Goodnight y'all!
. Dear Shari, Enough with the guilt or I'll switch to Edible Arrangements, SWAK, Elizabeth
Great scene, very nasaly RT : and awesome scene! Killed it!
I'm watching RedZone. Wish they were showing Packers vs Giants in Houston. Dallas broadcast is a waste.
Oms My Nigga Meek Mill Got Off At 106 and Party Big Ups To Lil Homes #NP Shout OutbTo Da While Maybach Music Group
H - Having A - Anger T - Towards E - Everyone R - Reaching S - Success. (:
Bronson brilliant. Fantastic fest
Thank you :) xox
life. Honey the only thing this page needs is Vincent! Okay?! Lol I am sorry I have so much to say about this all..
I picked the first two time eras btw
You Obviously Love Oreos.
Thanks and for your continued support of A&A!
Why does every "hood" nigga think they can rap.. these niggas is seriously ask is this where the game is? Where they do that at???
THAAAAAnnnkkkk yyyyoooouuuuu “ Happy Birthday Sweetie! You look so pretty. Enjoy your day!!!”
please follow me! :)
What or who inspires your makeup look?
I have a date with The Doctor tomorrow at 8 pm. I am beyond stoked!!!!
1999 seems like forever ago
There's a place in hell for women who don't help other women. -Madeleine Albright ~How have you helped a woman today?
Awesome, I'll ask that. Do you have anymore questions?
the view from the Hancock, the Art Institute, and the architecture tours (especially on the river)
The old ass Mortal Kombat movie tho > nobody likes watching it with me );
Always! Hopefully I'll meet up with everyone at some point...
CJ is wild today. Gotta lay off the junk. Force him to put it in the zone. Hamilton and Beltre a little too aggressive.
i don't like being a bother
also OH : Zynga's back end is sharded MySQL. anyone care to confirm?
DTA is my new motto. DONT TRUST ANYONE
Yuck! I get a week off for spring break and Thursday/Friday of thanksgiving. Where do you teach?
Great day, filled with many wonderful people and music. Praise the Lord!
i just learned a bunch of songs on guitar O_o my favorite one outta all of them so far is When You Look Me In The Eyes c: <3
When your ex says, You'll never find anyone like me. Reply with, That's the damn point !
thanks, and from the rat queen too
I was going to but TS couldn't come, so I'm watching it in my apt. How's your watching party??
On an unrelated note: I realized today that this past summer I dated the daughter of a business prospect I met with two years ago.
Is there a better smell in the world than walking by Garrett's at Dearborn and Randolph?
Well , i thought i did .
Oh yay! It's almost Friday!
It was posted on tumblr (the article) a bijillion times when she had passed. If that makes you feel better.
You have followed all the MLB twitter suggestions :) Hope to see you @ Maryvale next week
How come in temple run u never run inside the temple ? 0.o
The weather is participating.
Bringing your faves to metro center. Come and get 'em
Done with hangover, ready to go rock it
Great work, you should get Bode Miller to help you! He's seems to be "straightened up and flying right!"
it was divine.
hello world, this is clay sontag reporting that I've finished my hw and am now studying until next Friday.
YES. ONE POINT FOR USA.
I'm currently placing a piece of cheese onto a sandwich. Now delicately placing Dijon mustard. DO YOU LIKE THIS SHIT JANELLE?
I have some from Sam's Club. It's from the makers of MuscleMilk, but I got it for health reasons, not for working out.
w00t!! CSPAN is here covering talk on citizenship for our Searching for Democracy Public Conversations with
Stupid Hoe told us our hair is too long, well she can take a long walk off of a broken bridge. ☺
No I did not.(: I had Logan's. And I took one as soon as I got home! Haha.
A heartfelt: WHOOP! RT : Thanks to for her cheesecake
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. ~Henry David Thoreau
FINAL SCORE: Ohio State 75, Northwestern 73
Walker is a rockstar now!!
Currently reading The Social Media Bible. Very informative. I would like to interview you for my site, if your interested. :-)
The Clinic On Holly...3rd Place Hybrid...Raskal OG
i gotta sick roster u dont have enough game 4me...mtmore210L$T.
I plan on having the time of my life ;)
RT : I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously some people don't know how to count.
this may be my only chance to ever thank you for everything you have done for us here in Denver. Thank you!
Calling all authors, aspiring writers to Black Writers On tour, April 16th www.blackwritersontour.com
"The brown suit AND a yellow tie?!? C'mon, man!" ~glad I'm not the only one who thought that. Here, I was thinking I was shallow...
I love you , <3
KENTUCKY WILDCATS Most Wins in NCAA History 7 National Titles
Fashion fundraising event is set for Sat Jan 21. Thinking of calling it "SAVE Dade's Fashion For Your Rights". Wdyt?
Knowing who you want and knowing that they're perfect for you but knowing you can't have them..
Just laid out my outfit for today. Yellow Cabi sweater and silver grey pencil skirt. Yup. I said yellow! :)
SXSW post #2: Does the Today show audience really need SXSW Travel Tips? And if so wtf?
do you still think of me? Because I still think of you..
My 6 Yr old Daughter said to me "Mommy why is everything we buy Made in China?" interesting how smart children are
I fuck with cardigans hard
If only you knew why im so fucking depressed...
It helps to end a request for forgiveness with the phrase, "Everything I do gon' be funky from now on."
Who understands the needs of the middle class? 3 guesses and first 2 arent Romney & Palin. #NoBrainer -> President Obama
Ya'll @ home
I just LOVE your hair colour.. Red Hair babydollll!! ;)
@ jdowdell Yammer is working for me. Just joined, but had to go to Postini to get activation e-mail
THIS NIGGA MARQUIS DANIELS GRABBED AL HORFORD BY THE NECK AND DIDN'T CALL SHIT!
If anybody sees Andrew Luck tell him I said hi. read an article about him. man, dude is cool n jus real. He's such a good guy!
Moderated a great session on special libraries as information commons at the #mnlib11 conference!
Chelsea got canceled but Whitney got renewed? Hm...I dunno about all this.
Working with some legendary filmmakers on the Sony backlot today!
Just got 3 more free months of hbo, stars, Showtime and of course skinamax
steph!!! Alot of stuff has been happening doin gotta fill you in! I miss you!!!
. Are there enough Sprint phones out there to make it worth outrage?
Check out our drink specials today 4-7pm 5$ selected pints $4 rail
he's "devolving"
“: What is the submission deadline? #DevLearn” < April 27th
Yay! I love it when good ideas come to life.
In Memory -- "LOL yeah, let me get my tools and PPE! RT : Hey! How are you feeling? Ready to get on a roof? :P "
Why is human trafficking and homelessness still such an issue with so many good people fighting them????
Dont tell me about how hard your life is if you wake up everyday at 11:00.
i use to be a use to
#Happy18thBirthdayJustin! Can't believe your legal! I love you! #4everabelieber #HappyBirthdayKidrauhl #BOYFRIEND #stillkidrauhl special day
prince concert
Thanks for following me! :)
3300 tweets later I've finally bothered to change my avatar image. Big thanks to for the awesome Instagram. =)
the watches must be on loan
Happy Tax Day! Are you relieved it’s finally over? Celebrate with a sweet treat from
Yes, it *is* normal to split a Rolo in half, add salt, then smoosh together before eating.
I'm really getting into flossing.
Flight two hours delayed? Screw you SFO
I got 21 days till graduation! Yes!
lol, yup! Hint: the glass is named after it. Also, James Bond takes his shaken, not stirred.
RT Does anyone in Nashville have, (or know of) a completely white room we could use for a video shoot on Wednesday? Holla at m
Good advice.
It's weird to see her perform You and I without her being at the piano, but it was absolutely amazing!
cousins baby
Hope everyone had a great holiday season! We're back running this Saturday. '01 blend featured wine. 2 seats open Feb 4.
can't wait to have wine with and others at 's wine party tonight
Would you buy him? RT : so do you see Marquez being sold in the summer?
#Packers ... Good Luck Joe Philbin on your soon to be new job as the Dolphins Head Coach! Enjoy the warm weather.
ha... Awesome. Ill see you there!
everything I love is everything you are
received props at #prsaicon from for #SM policy
SWEET. Lezz go. We need to think of some minor choreography, if you're down. MINOR.
Fuckin taxi driver trying to longhaul me on the way to my HOUSE. This is gonna be awesome.
omg yess. Cue the "I'm on a boat" music 😜
i drilled a hole in my guitar yesterday (actually someone else did, but i let them) but it was worth it
Need a bassoonist? I'm over in Stockton. E-mail me if you'd like:
Take no prisoners bud and rough up poor Ryan again! >:) LOL. Good luck Dustin.
Fresh flowers should make my cooking taste better. Ha!
Thanks! Glad to hear it.
Hey! Just saw that you're a dairy farmer in Southwest IN, where at exactly? My grandpa was too! We're from around Dale, IN
"If when you die you get a choice between pie heaven and regular heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick but if not mmmboy."
Twitter! I'm back!! NEW TRACKS ON DECK - look for my bruh and his mixtape
Bout to pass out; man I swear jm on my level
I'm the biggest girly girl 👸
Watching maddie martin fall down the stairs>>>>>
.....let's make that happen sooner than later
but yeah if he's otherwise fine (no excessive scratching), then it's probably just him being a dog.
very! but exciting too ;)
Ohmygoshhh. I love my last RT.
Only 1 more day to take part in our #giftcardbonus special!!! Get 15% more added to your giftcard!
A confident person doesn’t tell you that they’re confident (i.e. they don’t say “I’m confident!”). Instead they show you.
feeling left out
thanks, babe! MWAH!
Got an almost brand new overhead projector today for 20$. That's pretty good. I'm gon make some more
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE ! #soblessed thank you to everybody in my life! Love you al ! <3333 (:
I am mostly up early just to wish the WDW Radio Running Team and all of my other friends good luck on today's race...
Let’s Move! Let’s Play! Climbing works almost every major muscle group. Tackle the walls of the Witch’s Castle in The Wizard of Oz exhibit.
not currently, but I used to. My to-reads are in a massive Excel I've had since college, slowly transferring to Goodreads
Still getting me?
Why won't my brain release some good ol' melatonin so I can rest?!
Without Facebook, I wouldn't even know half of my friends' birthdays.
well done!
Oh boy commercial #auditions with a long wait time! #Igottago! Lol
Thank you for letting me work on #youthdev & the Time to go to for Int'l #Education Development.
20 gallons exterior mocha brown house paint for 60.00
Miss you too! See you next year.
I'm running so late for an important meeting. I hate public transportation! !! Fml
people who spend all day in a flexed position just to go to the gym to spend more time in a flexed position don't know how to train!
Have a great time Matthew! Thanks for using ShowClix. Have a wonderful weekend!
Happy Cinco de Mayo, Mario Gutierrez!
and THERE IS YOUR DAGGER!
we need a rage pity party
These brownies are not intended as diet food.There isn't any added fat or carb and is for post workout recovery.Hope this helps
nasty bro
quit crying gosh ☺
Quiet Saturday at the abode. Fresh French press coffee and old X-Files episodes.
someone come to the innbetween with me
Thanks Judy!
Happy Texas Independence Day from the Big Apple!! I may be living in Yankee country, but I will ALWAYS be a Texan!
Mr. Burns learns he only has weeks to live on tonight's Simpsons episode at 5!
Awww I had no idea!! Happy Birthday Lathan!!! mmmuahhh!!
Ssf4 and mvc3 bout to hit the back burner
Oh good! I watched 's talk on Digital Forensics, so a podcast would be fine.
HAPPY NEW YEAR JANN! I LOVE YOU! :*
Want a chance to win a $25 driving credit? Complete this tweet: "Hey , my favorite Zipcar is __ because it's __"
I hate ordering food 😡
When Pinboard archives a twitter favorite link for me, I dance. What a great service. Thank you!
probably coming to Balto and or DC audience -- where should he go?
hey!! Everything ia going great!
sounds like a yoga #flashmob!
working with my mom I think
dat personality doe
You follow way too many people -Tyler (:
Wow, thanks! Woof woof!
At this point I'm just hoping the #Knicks can win one game. Give me one game.
If your wife and your lawyer were drowning and you had to choose, would you go to lunch or to the cinema?
Way to go!
hey bad boy ;)
Thanks for the Twitter love! Have a great weekend. - The Successories Crew
Good motivation when you don't feel like working out. RT : "If you rest, you rust." - Helen Hayes
Pretty please RT...Anybody from Atlanta? Play guitar? Want free beer? We have an opening for lead guitarist. With a cherry on top.
You've followed & unfollowed me three times in like a week.
And me! RT Pew: Obama leads Romney by 4 pts due to support from women, college graduates, blacks, Latinos & low income voters
that's all me o_0...but thank you?
Atlanta in10 hrs I don't even think I'm ready
TOURE AGAIN!!! Just one more game and the premier cup is ManCity's!!! 1st title in over 40 years!
Does anyone else remember when you went to the store and get that sour spray and ring pops?
C'mon Jimmy. Save it til it means something.
Holy hell. We have colby jack cheese in my house.....omg.
No way! If anything, you've made me glad to be following you.
Should I wear foams today or J's??
Loves making rainbow bracelets. :D hehe. :3 ^.^
yeah, he almost always serves first when he can. Sun must be rough.
Right now, is narrating everything he is doing at work. Annoying or entertaining? Let's take a closer look.
How to Successfully Manage a LinkedIn Group
Who else thinks the group "Anonymous" are a bunch of no-good punks?
My dick is tired. I've cum 5 times today. Still kind of horny too.
awesome. imma go i have to cook but hmu 2morrow
