...are you wearing Wranglers at least? cc:
can i get a shout out ?
follow me i follow back... promise! just ask..
Id pay to see 16C Footloose remake w/ Lithgow as Stubbes RT Euery leap or skip in dance is a leap towards hel. -Phillip Stubbes
How about the SDPD and City of SD morning traffic in to consideration when planning special events.
Haha I am great!!! You?
sorry we didn't get a proper goodbye..and that u won't be able to enjoy another frappuccino with me :)
that's so bad!!!
I know the feeling...I really can £¥(€ things up!!! I'm tired of being lonely & tired of getting blamed when one gets pissed
that is some crazy shit!
meh gotta get ready to go take my placement test for suffolk >.>
Bet disparity in generations mirror the prevalence of industrial farming- socio-econ trend/avail. of idus. food v organic$
bummer it's gona be a good one.
#ThingsIDislike being in the "15 items or under" at Walmart and this lady in front of me know she got like 20 items
Delicious meal today. An understated Scandinavian neighborhood establishment.
Oh, sky looks kinda creepy...
i just love sonic youth so god damned much. that's it, basically. what else is there?
Me too. That is why I leave a spare in my suitcase and travel handbag at all time.
7 minutes until the doors open!
We're in the process of doing so!
Hey hey my man! Sending that info over tonight.
The nearest way to glory is to strive to be what you wish to be thought to be. -Socrates
At church with and he's definitly singing to himselves
Dont forget about Launch & Learn tomorrow at 2pm - 4pm!! ALL AGES!! Sky Sailing: Gliders, Parasailers & More.
anytime! Hoping to get some of our students involved again this year!
this is true my middle school science teacher made us watch the birth of a giraffe.
465099 UMKC students, the Kauffman Foundation has a great entrepreneurship program!
San Francisco, CA
Hate wen men do my pedis...they r to rough on my precious feet :-(
Just smile (:
Good Afternoon! We have a new Office Phone#! Please note the change and save this number: 619-298-9000! Call us for your #insurance today!
Get your Red Rocks Concert Limousine!! Round Trip limo rides to your favorite Red Rocks Concert! www.denverlimousine.com
Good Morning! First day this week I have woke up to sunshine! Have a great day!!
Bet you are!!
so beautiful!!!!!
Hey Chickster get your buzz on and go win us some money. (-=
I'm waiting until ereaders are a sleeve I wear and read from my forearm before I buy one. I don't like carrying stuff.
Did u get catch the sneak peek of and in #AUchapel this morning? If not come to mochas tomorrow at 7pm check em out!
It is at La Huerta. Just did it. RT>>>>“: If overdosing on cheese dip and salsa is possible... #thatjusthappened 😖”
The home run landed 3 rows behind us. The ball went tight over our heads!
MT": I think (Saverin's) selfish jerk. If u think lower taxes are right, u shd stay & advocate 4 change.,| Word
Damn its cold outside!! Nice day to relax inside! Too much money to make! I got new beats to break down! My new shit is on another level!
"Wha Happened?" The Ballad of Joe Paterno
wat up Joe Bac on the bluff
Always a good start to my week. I'm on my way! RT : Barlates at 9AM! New Twists and Turns. Come check it out!
And don't give me the political trickery of holding up a handful of high scoring and saying all poverty kids are the same.Some r devastated
Happy Sunday :) this website has become my everything lol! Projected launch Tuesday, May 1st!!!
tbh logan i miss you.
so i love dan howard.. <3
The F.O.E. has pledged to donate $25 million over a five-year period to help with diabetes research efforts.
whoever is tweeting for hyperlingo, you are a fast learner:-)
Listening to Wiz Khalifa radio on Pandora
Make sure to always be hopeful and say only positive things to people.
Blended is use of tech that results in decreased seat time.
Why do all these chicks have brown buttholes?
ha yea I know!
Our pleasure. Nice to meet you Baran.
Now the Lord is the Spirit & wherever the Spirit of the Lord is-he gives Freedom. We become more & more like Him & reflect his Glory. 2Cor 3
After all those Happy Mother's Day S/O's can u tell I have a lot of mama's? lol
What a great weekend for pet sitting! Had a blast with all the pets. Now a day off to relax an enjoy the weather with my doggies!
LOL you clearly KNOW MORE about it than I do!!!!!!!
: gee idk ever heard of this thing called school.
I don't like this #Facebook update. I got 2 widgets that do the same thing and a crappy ass camera / pic post thingy.
This is it, the moment officially became capable of buying and selling me.
Lmao shut up punk xP
oh ell that was supposed to be to you (;
A very warm welcome to all my new followers :D
we have heard that nikon is a step up....
No way... We didn't hangout this weekend ): Next weekend for sure! Ok?!
I missed another Bag of Crap from but at least I was getting a burrito with which I can now comfort myself.
even better.
Anyone can sympathize with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathize with a friend's success.~Oscar Wilde
that's what happens when you're a rockstar ;)
i need more sleep since im sick but i have so much HW to do :(
Oh no. RT 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!
Learning from some of the 'sales' pitches weaved in throughout content... Many of them less salesy than regular speakers.
Budapest News Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
lol wat time r u going?
my summer as of right now has been great :) we can only hope to go up from here
I'm sure the happiest day of my dad's life was when I learned Morrissey's Bona Drag by heart. At least they have good taste!
& all that i'm after is a life full of laughter, as long as I'm laughing with you... Because I know there is no life after you
Apparently i have "fucking issues" ok cool bye bitch
rip Steve Jobs. Great innovator in technology and business.
Adam is pretty much telling Pip he's going home tonight!
Just got more expensive to challenge a competitor's Ad. B/NAD increase fee from $3,500 to $5,000 (for non-partner, fee is $6,000 - $20,000
Find someone who can change your life not your relationship status
": ...last day of school..." It has been good school year. Thank you for all you do!
Not soon, but you will be the first to know! :)
“Sometimes you just have to pee in the sink.” #Bukowski Yes, I know the feeling
What is a man's idea of helping with the housework? Lifting his leg so you can vacuum.
awesome weather... boring day. who wants to camp this coming weekend?
Apparently 245 followers + 3 per week over months = 245 followers. Just an observation.
that's going to happen to me more than once, i know it! :)
That's not funny... RT: : So Tony Montana dies and now Whitney Houston? Cocaine is one helluva a drug!
I'm bout to spin her and bin her and go up in her!!!!!
the pitch is on afterwards also! looks pretty intense.
,You should give Rick Santorum a new nite you got Education off his time ,did U learn?
My life is now complete now that I've discovered & slow jamming the news.
Settin up the Jeff Deyo band. Tonight is free....join us at 7pm at Cape First.
he just said take pain relivers and ice it every 2-4 hours.
yikes. Terrible. So sorry. But on a happy note, can't wait to see you!!
Exacta box: Hansen, Take Charge Indy.
thank you!!!
who bailed?
It was great to meet you last night! And in a crazy bit of serendipity, I got on the bus after the tweet up and saw you on tv!
Check the Calendar for the next class and registration info! www.tribalenergycardio.com
!!! I still think of you saying "tastes like death" whenever something awful comes near my taste buds.
Eh. I didn't think so. Fact is, #propA isn't a ban, so city would still be open to receive state/fed $.
i thinks so because he was tweeting saying hes following more fans! :O haha so i started tweeting him
Up in the turn...let's go racing (so I can catch my flight tonight) GREEN!!!
#thismorning I ran into the most wonderful people from church at starbucks
i dont understand...
I'll drink to that
thank you!!! that means a lot ;p
You made me LOL. Sorry about the bruise...I'm sure your fellow travelers can relate!
GM everyone
Steve Jobs PBS Documentary Airs Tonight; Biography a Smash Hit
Anyone want a brand new AEthereal business card hot off the press?
Wow Lakers, really proving something now. Embarrasing the NBA shows true class.
just put in my vote for y'all and my daughter ;)
Heavy 420 traffic on the 101 south
So beautiful & peaceful.
Shoot Down the Moon rocked the Riverwest Public House last night! Can't wait to see them tonight at Tonic Tavern w & much more!
We should name you the guru of things to not go to.
and badgers if you're unlucky enough to come across one.
My cat has a hickey.. I have a slut of a cat
Unicorn feels artically cool. AC is wonderful.
Hat Trick!
Not much of a surprise if knows about it, is it?
GL to and all my buds in day 2 of the
But frozen yogurt is so good. And you can put gummy bears and shit on it.
And bring good tunes so you're singing instead of watching the clock on the #treadmill !
thank-you :-)
and wat did she say?
that's me. 'Sport' me a galley?
Hope everyone is having a good day! :)
I may be a little overly in love with Colton Dixon.
Hate when my baby girls sicky w fever #mamaitssicky :(
ah, so now your words are gossip. I guess. Weird.
Oh wait, you meant that!?
good call
Sleepy day at work
Step away from the DIY calligraphy!! We made a mess of that one.
yeah bro I like how you take my pics you fagot in btw my name any josh it's Devon browning dumb ass!
my brother updates his status on facebook to much.
Loved walking Disney's Boardwalk tonight! So cool at night! :)
My boy vince young is a buffalo bill now
you're like super pretty btw (: love your hair !
Ugh, fumbled snap gives it to Baylor in Texas territory. Can't afford that.
I don't fuck with guys that are so disrespectful towards girls. I mean really, come on.
Put the dick down son.
I need to buy new bras... my shit stays overflowin =/
RT - Cleveland Indians Clubhouse: Talbot looking to stretch out in Ohio ...
Glimmers is Gold: view from Greenpoint, NY
The weekend is here!!!!!!
Word from Tokyo: our friends at Kokokusha Advertising are all safe, including satellite office near epicenter. Our thoughts are with them.
Because it's a social disease--passed through families and communities. It's learned hatred. And fundamentally stupid.
Good morning!!!!!!! How y'all doing this morning
we are
Cookies are good. Happy mother's day, btw. :)
U buyLeyland's rational 4 yanking Smyly? Didn't like way was pitching, Sox never saw Putoken b4, lot of righties coming up. I'm good w/ it
I hope all u mothers enjoyed ur day & felt appreciated & loved today. We treasure our moms!
empty bunch
#AMS - You would really benefit with AMS handling the facilities management operation of your company. Give us a call at 505-899-3104.
No kidding! He sleeps forever! And he didn't even go out last night!
Come on gasol
Thanks for the #FF!
ha ha! Know what you mean!
each year in the US, about 3 BILLION pizzas are sold! Run with the crowd on this one! 56% off at Meglio Pizzeria goo.gl/4kHW
Stuffed from a delicious meal and beer from Will have to stop another time for the pig bitter ;)
hey shut up, haha. RT Waking up between 3 and 4am for the past week...felt SO great to sleep in to 7am today!
We are praying for you tonight at our youth and young service. May God bless you!
Can I say bye *now*? Later.
We made it.
Welcome to the Twitter-verse!!
i hope and are aware of this achievement!
Thanks for the RT!
Working on a painting.
just listening to Jack and Jill is making it seem stupid
Well, I'm powered up for the day. Now to go wrestle a grizzly bear...
No rest for the wicked. No sleep for the pub. Doin it n doin it again. Hot outside hydrate with a John Palmer-iced tea, lemonade and vodka
Quick note before #D500 tonight, check out Zak Brown CEO talking about some big stories leading into the season
Tough night for most New England college hockey teams in the NCAA tournament. Good luck next year to BU, Maine, and UMass Lowell.
I already turned my appeal in...so I won't be at school unless it is necessary
So nice of you, Mira. Thank you.
Special thanks to The Germano Bros, Wayward Son, & Violet Mary for being guests on The Shakedown tonight!
Listening to I SHALL WEAR MIDNIGHT & double brilliance of Pratchett & Briggs.
Bold thing to say about your boss!
Thanks for your support!
Editing video on the MacBook air involves fancy shifting around of files so my harddrive doesn't fill up
" **** GooD D**K aiNt gOt notHInG on FaitHfuL Di*K ****" via Alvin Allen
When The Hell Am I Gonna Get That Spring Break Tan ?
Already Missing My Brother:'( Have A Safe Trip Bro :)
The more u travel the more u become inspired... Models. Artists. Producers. Lifegrabbers. Live a
I can give a fuck about folks that aren't close.. Shiitttt.. I'm straight without yall
Palomar at Pritzker Pavillion in Millennium Park today at noon. Recording the first installment in our composer alive toronto project
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion
I would've gone with the straight pepper steak & eggs
My 1 year old daughter refuses to leave her shirt on! (*Worried Father*)
Having lots of fun!.
Don't new makeup to cover up, being the way that you are is enou-u-ugh 💗 #WhatMakesYouBeatiful 😘
However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional manner ... sulking and nausea.
Laith Kubba: #ArabSpring impossbl w/out #CivilSociety. Much progress for media in #Tunisia but need standards and ethics.
Who wants to do somethinnnn later tonight?
definitely has raw talent. He rocked the stage at Hollins U tonight.
Not having money is the source of all evil ..
you know what would have happened if Ghadaffi's killers had been able to take Benghazi consider that too ! 600k+ would've died
can feel that my eyes are getting abit swollen alrd. :( It's okay. I'll sleep like a pig tomorrow. ^^
but who can?
<3 whatever. hey krista. guess what my favorite color is??? .... #orange ;)
aww thanks Mary! ;)
Thanks for the heads up, Zack. We'll bring this up to EYP leadership and discuss further.
The appendix in *The Story of B* is the most aggressive attack on the foundation of civilization I have ever read.
Yet again I get no invite, I'll have to talk to Smoke about this one.
We're going to see tonight. What're you guys up to?
": It's a bird! It's a plane! Oh wait.. It's the flying fuck I will never give."
Dr. Louis Ptacek's talk is "Human genetics as a window into sleep and clock: implications for human health and disease"
why are you so hot ?!
2nd step? Learning. RT : First step for using social media is listening!
oh I get ya, he said "in that order" and you said agree. Either way, I'm still rooting for the bucks to win it all
not new finding, but has serious consequences for research on social isolation vs. connectedness, esp. in a context of heavy media coverage
HELP TREND #AustinIsOurWorld HELP ♥ ^.^
When did pants become super difficult anyways? No wonder other nations think we are a little behind. Woo Haa!
omg.we needa go buy madre a mothers day gift.we gotta go grocery something tomorrow,so we'll take you with us,&we'll run away
that is the most nieve thing I have ever heard.
Watching #MoulinRouge for the first time. :)
On the road to Hilton Head So. CAROLINA!!!!!!!!!!
We'll be closed Fri 28th for a private party. Don't hate me. It's for a good cause. More later. Will make up for it Sat w drink specials!
"A Land Before Titties" -
SO I may or may not be attempting to steal someones BF. OOPS! lol. if you don't tend to the garden, someone else will
Trying to convince a friend to go out...
The more city service apps the merrier! All working towards a common goal of more effective and efficient service!
NEW PET PEVE: when people say "and our hearts go out to all..blah blah." that sounds like useless fake caring bullcrap!! Do better w/ words!
A debilitating relationship is a serious illness, it will begin to eat you away and than you will try to take others with u!
The Illinois Lottery began selling online lottery tickets on the Internet, setting a trend for other states with lottery to follow as well.
Today: Free Yoga on the Bayou 9 AM, Guest teacher at Wild Lotus at 10 AM, Freret St. Ropes Workshop-follow us to stay in the know
Shut up, Luke
Real confused. I met all my goals but i'm still disappointed. Not making much sense to me.
hanging out bench right now is schooling him on dallas TEXAS.
55º and sunny - it's a leap day miracle!
OMFG! So Cool! Im so happy for you :]
FOLLOW ME!♥♥
“: I will discuss mulling further at school cause this character limit is killing me” hahah right
LIKE! us on facebook - www.facebook.com/Elephilms
any idea on how bad is his foot? reports coming out that he injured it last night...
Memphis can believe NOTHING! Hahaaa
Today is the 3rd annual Difference Makers Day in the Bahamas. Celebrate!!!
almost time to run at forest park with the girls and dogs! yipppeee!
no one cuhss im downloading it MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA!!! kiss my ass :D<3
St Even: Patron saint of peripatetic prognosticators
Everyone needs to eff off.
what color should i die my hair
She was a hoe for sho
genius! /me votes for ice cream floats in Portland.
I'm pretty sure there was an entire MPDG section.
#WeWontWork If you can't make me laugh
#Lions 2012 - first team to 55 wins...
can't wait. U got to pick a school by may 1st. Spoke with my guidance counselor
I'm good! How aee you, M? We need to do lunch soon!
WooooooooooooHoooooooooooooo! Unleash The Fury!
sat in on rehearsals today. thing is looking good. real good
Iron CowboyIII Bull Riding in Arlington.. Who could ask for a better arena for the PBR and watchin the bulls.
- it was clean
Thanks! Yes- looking forward to music.
Most of the people will have to take advantage of this method over the weekend; however, this is not advisable
checking prices they found another problem on leonardo (not surpriced) but I finally made them do work, 1 rim is broken.
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex Up all night!!! ;)
Lmao!! You're so Welcome! Thank you as well, Beautiful!!
RT : Hello & welcome, perhaps my 5th time and I love it! <=Great 2 havU both here ;)
Can't wait for this game!!!!
Top 7 at 7 hosted tonight by from the K Crew!
Easy girls arent hard to get but the girls with self respect are hard to forget!!
Long day:) but I'm grateful
you got it! I'll be here at 830!
Recording trumpet on someone's reggae track today.
no, still need the back page>_<
sounds like maybe he wasn't waiting... he just forgot to follow up with you...
So seen sum old faces today
Thanks for the follow and the mention! We didn't see 'Briefcase' in that blog, are we missing something? Thanks!
Enjoying Mothers Day with the Family
Facebook is my escape from Disney Channel and Cartoon Network.
“: Having the time of my life #cincodemifflin” <<-- I dunno. Thinking you may have set the bar pretty low.
Checking in at Wild West Cowboy Church, Westcliffe CO. Yee-Haw!
Somebody talk to me!!!
God bless, thank you
RT - I am feeling lucky that the Buffalo Bills will beat the New England Patriots this Sunday.
I think all of Boston Latin is on this bus with me.
Alex Gonzalez has been Bettancourt-esque at the dish tonight
There u go promoting is perfect... Didnt know #BornThisWay was a foundation, U never mentioned that!!!
no doubt! we're working on a rubric for what constitutes a "repository" for databib right now
cannot wait for match of the day.
Wow, where have I been? Not on Twitter.
Team gettin money
Former Prez G Bush in Dallas always, Secret Service too
and i love you! Take solice in the bounty all around us! Rejoice!
James Hillman~ If you are still being hurt by an event that happened to you at twelve it is the thought that is hurting you now.
I got Debt by for Xmas, still havent had time to really crack it open though. Only on chapter 2 now.
yaaay, I saw a friend I knew from 2 years back when I 1st came to LA, I love seeing a familiar face! big kisses to my friends!
Shake it off Yo
“: Cant wait 2 see special cupcakes created 4 by ” Yummyness awaits!
Mom just sent in her 8 yo son 2 request "Fifty Shades of Grey". If you're 2 embarrassed 2 request it it's probably 2 titillating for you...
Starting new diet tomorrow. NO FAST FOOD & NO SODA.
there was an economic assessment of heritage tourism in Florida from last year (?) that one of the FPANs tweeted
As she runs a huge mech is in pursuit of her. Turns out she can turn invisible too, and another mech came to protect her.
OMG!! Lucky you :) hahaha
Tight, scaly, flake skin? Need more water.
Good Morning! =)
I only like to read tweets. Not books.
#idontsupport womanizers. Deadbeat or slouches...
Seriously cool!
I really shouldn't criticize people's eating habits while I'm dipping my finger in mayonnaise.
stop singing fried chicken
I would love to rinse u off. Very sexy girl!!!!
": Wow! My 2003 squad made the highlights of the Uk game. I looked so young back then" Rocking the mini fro and the t shirt. BA
I'll stand on you.
where I work, if you don't get the job done, you get fired. I'd like you to meet
prob a good thing, i very horny
Of course I talk to myself. I need to have an intelligent conversation every now and then.
Two elements of successful leadership: a willingness to be wrong and an eagerness to admit it. Seth godin
We are playing the odu Wesleyan house on 49th street this Friday come out and have a blast with us !!!
Wish I could leave my house or go outside on a lovely mothers day.... TOO BAD MY LIFE SUCKS AND I HAD TO TAKE PREAP CHEMISTRY
Thanks for following!!
They allude the young ones are getting MLIS right out of college, without work or practical experience.
School shooting in Jacksonville, FL. A fired Spanish teacher murdered headmaster of Episcopal Day School with assault rifle.
Coach-san, your best #poker still inside! NOW TIME LET OUT!!
RT : "Being gorgeous is the best revenge." - Ivana Trump #Hot100 returns today!
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
lol not mine .
Someone needs to do a database of porn like #imdb!
If you have time for reservations, Tabard Inn or Founding Farmers. If not, I always enjoy Front Page.
The real question is why am I not at
Good morning friends!! up and ready for action.. cleaning the house in a bit ;)
no bugs, it's a HUMAN centipede...
Dude. #CommonLaw is looking really good so far!!!
it always gets better. Just know that :-) trust me.
All you have to do is know where you're going. The answers will come to you of their own accord.” ~ Earl Nightingale
#49ersLockerRoomPlaylist Drake - Over
It must not be working because it doesn't say that you are following me. :( Wanna try again?
Thank you, sweetheart. Looks like you're busy in NYC. Hope you're managing to have fun, too. See you soon.
New #SouthPark......Start!
Remember: #Intimidation is an unacceptable #marketing tactic. Please follow us. Thank you.
I'm dying. This is so early. Nap time happening later for sure
I weighed in and gained 0.9 lbs.
hahaha do you have any of the power ups?
Keep it censored sweetie... #subtweet about your
Tonight's second Wonder Years guest star IMDB search: Kevin Arnold's crush in this episode played "Mars Sister" in the ET knockoff Mac & Me.
I was in Jiffy Lube waiting on my oil change, when hot women, after hot women came & went. It was better than a coffee shop!!!
"daddy's gonna kill Ralphie!"
Family BBQ feelin wavy
RT : Q6: parents/families can be engaged as students/co-learners so they, too, can be empowered via tech
love you to 
" Thxs for following ! Wonderful event last night!! It was a pleasure to cover for "
Oh wow. Looks fancy! Love the new site and the new office. I bet would love to do an Agency Tour. Who can I email?
I also wanted to be locked into a phone booth with hihih,would have been nice. Love u Tango! <3
I love this. Tardy for class Paul!
At least melo is clutch ! Haha
Good afternoon! I'm upset about Big Show too! But not to worry I think he may be fired on Sunday!! (:
man bored out my fuckin mind somebody help me.
If the #caps hold on when would game 7 be?
My Night's Almost Over...
Do before you think
Spreading false rumors that you're pregnant? Hahaha
Missed Scandal tonight. Can't wait until the episode is released online.
Most definitely! Every Thursday!
Whats your favorite part of the I'm a Man video?!
Can't wait for spring football. Especially excited to get back inside Autzen.
tonight we trading places <3
Did you reach him????
She got it.
No, Goodnight looks better (:
RT : #tiip4p Matt Donovan , Realities of User Generated Content Survey results: 91% of those surveyed leverage or plan to do so.
one night only?? Why
Good morning everyone (good morning mentions please)
Dads aren't supposed to use emoticons more than 13yr old girls. I can't tell what's worse-that or sharing his cherry soda lip smackers.
haha you always assume the worst when people say that!!
My plant is sprouting. I'm so proud. 😄
I'm down with everything except the first four words LOL “: To Hell with Georgia! #redsolocup #whatsthegoodword”
lmao ha yu love the d
You're welcome Thank you for the #Shoutout!
Go Head!
I know, I suck. Thank you fore plugging my phone in.
who uses Draw Something????? omg I am the worst at that game!! Sorry for those who play me!!! lol
Robert Shiller DIVERSIFY has always been (the mantra) but now my students just find that boring
i'm bored.
that's a lunch break
Aww Harry! I lurve him. But I lurve them all. Oh & we were watching The Vow.
kuuuuuuud what u know bout da armory n da burg??? I went a couple times myself!!! Small ass world I see
hello friend, happy to see you on Twitter!
a very good team
thank you for the kind words. so glad to hear kevin is doing better.
So what are you guys up to nowadays?
I just love musicals. ☺🎶❤
I love Sundays! Breathe in, breathe out :) Ah...
Haven't heard on the movement check out www.sustainablehouston.org When we are all able to #slgt and #buylocal everyone benefits!
today is the last day to enter our contest! tweet a pic of your best hair day and tag it
somehow I keep missing the Boston #meetplango event, any idea when the next will be?
Yep. That's why I said it's rarely right for mobile. But desktop/tablet devices have so many different resolutions. /cc
#AllIWantForXmas is some new tattoos
Our President has finally Evolved. And that's with a capital "E" for Equality.
working hard but fine! Ssup with you?
$750.00 off complete kitchen remodel or $650.00 off complete bathroom remodel/ Palatin Remodeling Inc for all Diversity Platinum members.
#thought. If people and the internet will combine into a giant global superbrain, what happens when the superbrain gets depressed?
Astronomers detect vast amounts of gas and dust, including a strong carbon signal, in the galaxy that contains t..
oh oh text me it! Lol
“When your vocation becomes your vacation, there is no such thing as hard work.” - Jimmy Smith
what do you want to know?
email to - minister music/director, church address, phone and email. thanks!
Started decorating for #Christmas last night. Can't wait to get home and do some more decorating! :)
yay! thanks for being our 700th Follower!!! :) DM your address for a $5 Frenchy's card
who's know where u are @ this moment in ur relationship I jus hope u follow ur heart don't loose urself again.
I'm trying to come back to life feeling a bit drained
yes, of course. This is the 3rd most serious thing that's happened to me the whole year. :)
We don't share 'em just for the sake of sharing, but if one needs to access something for some reason then no problem sharing.
haha hell yeah =]
Off with your head, dance till you're dead
hey thanks for following me
The wife of a doctor called the casino to get her husband paged. They refused. The house doesn't make doctor calls
What an incredibly special week in Orlando with the Parrott Family.
Up texting oomf
And the Giants are alive and well again.
yes, but text-mined sentiment analytics can provide good actionable insight.
Bring in a group and enjoy a bottle of champagne and a cheese and fruit plate for the Oscars!
Carter is wearing skinny jeans. With a belt.
Design your own apparel with our slick design tool, by uploading our templates or by uploading your own art.
amnesia was rocking tonight
Wish I could go to the baseball game but instead, I will be working
I want a motorcycle.
Bored! So I'm watchin my dad try to fix my car! I jus wanna kick the damn thing but I don't think that will fix it! Lmfao!!
Night big sis
That's why I skip straight to the whiskey.
haha. I would play his songs as a joke, it has slowly turned into a weird obsession
is there good music to be found at any stadium?
Today is already starting in pain
Nice selection. I approve. :cD
Swag , tybalts got swag --Mrs.Crouse
#WeWontWork If There's No Trust!
"upper 60s this afternoon with several places hitting 70" - Dinner al fresco!
Self-discipline is a pattern of behavior where you choose to do what you know you should do, rather than what you want to do.
No matter what, Keep going!
Something feels empty 
Some people really know how to piss me off
MERCI! >RT Crepes today are all of your faves! Ham & Cheese, Nutella, Crepe Sucree, & Sweet Lemon! Crepe stand open 12-2pm.
Why do you say that?
: scape platform will look at screenshot of archived site in contemporaneous browser to see if newer browser can render
Bitch puhhhlease, Dunkin doesn't even have my skinny non-fat latte with whipped cream...and your user-name is an oxymoron
Essay in Social studies thats due monday, have two more in this class due friday , and have a a**load of work in science :\
lol yes i am #omg ;P
Apparently the lesson is groups of white Republicans are conspiring to commit voter fraud. Thanks James O'Keefe for the proof
wavy lines!
But if joe talked to be like he talked to Teresa, I would have been smothered him in his sleep..
IndieGoGo.com campaign perks in the mail, AGCers.
Rt if you're enjoying the
next time if you say you gon b there PLEASE be there!!!!
Just sent an email to try and score tix to their VIP party at #SXSW - hook a girl up
Thunder killed it dude!!!
Of course it rains when I do my hair.
Word! I'm down.
#myfavoritethings beautiful brunette girls!
22-mile hike up the (continental) US' tallest mountain this weekend. Making bread my bitch.
I just was talking with my artist about the labels trying to sign him! He is the next rap star!
Do you run any type of daily or happy hour specials?
Vacuums make me paranoid.
or at least few hundred years
and I are.
Off to Costco to fill up on samples!! =D
Support local entertainment!
RT Awesome family family Christmas tonight.. great to all back together! :-)
SUBWAY ok now that i got your attention please follow
Just teat drove the Scion xD aha smooth ride bro!! xD
Life is like the twisty slide at the park. Go down it enough times and eventually you'll expect the turns and make the same ones.
They are also super nice guys and probably very easy for announcers to deal with
What's the one thing you've been wanting to understand about your persuasion trigger?
dude super punk!
Eating donuts....deleting ppl off my FB....tuned n to TD Jakes....listening to the word...
MB location will be opening for brunch on the weekends effective immediately, first 30 guests will get a Simmzy's trucker hat too
My money isn't as long as it used to be but my soul is much deeper.
work today?
WANTED: Elementary teacher who uses web 2.0 in teaching social studies in wow ways. Email if u can help
General constractor - estimating, remodels, additions, new construction, and more! Give us a call (505) 379-2763
That sucked. Sums up this game.
Do I even matter to you?
#GiveObamaCreditfor... Vets who have to wait three months to see a doc. He can kill Bin Laden but he can't take care of the people who didit
Spent my morning meeting folks & seeing old friends at while promoting Bike to Work Week!
Having fun today?? We want your feedback
I wish we woke up around the same time like they do in movies!
Someone get their nails done with me(:
Just cruised past 35 last weekend. I'll keep you posted.
Attending the ISRII conference for Internet base e-health information in Sydney, Australia.
Gotta love thos #NickyBallz :D :D
iTS THUGG LOVE TiLL THE FULLEST ....U AiNT GOT NO BUSTA♥
Ha ha ha ha ha #do da bitch #crankin up that bitch #I will cut you with my mothafuckin potatoo piller. GodsGirl777
favoriting every laker fan i see =)
you're so welcome
*Happy Birthday to the 41P.O.A.D! We may be far away but you'll always be here in my heart. Love you guys so much! Muah*
I've been standing outside this tucking school for 20min
Look at it this way, now you are prepared for any wine party that comes along.
Huh? That crosses creepy and heads into stalker-y
Tons of fun and hard work! All for a little over 6 minutes of goofiness!
sharing his own family history and interest in genealogy.
Fucking put in Tim Dillard... 4.57 era... How stupid can u be in the 11th inning?
I only got to my desk to turn on my computer at 12:30. Busy day!
GOP about supporting Romney. We don't like him that much, but at least he is a white guy
only five more hours until #STARS NEW SINGLE spread the good werd!
There's an obvious connection to be made btwn net art and art e-books that we haven't yet made, but hope to someday soon ...
Awesome to see #GodUniverse as a trending topic. Amen? :)
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Too much going on tonight. Brewers ? Cubs, GOP debate, 3 hour WWE Raw... #nerdalert don't judge me lol
“: It's tempting to see things the way you wish they were instead of how they are. –Robert (Enchanted)”
Thanks for the follow - sending eco-friendly hugs your way!
I looked up Twitter Broski and it pulled up !
hope all is well, have a glorious day and weekend
I wish my trainer would just have inside recess today. We could play checkers!
Today, I stop chasing fame and rather the glory of my king, Jesus Christ. I feel called to record these new songs for my solo project Aut...
free DVD rental #fail ended up w/ a scratched J.Edgar movie
"dude, those are some sick Crocs!"
NOM. one of my favorites.
charleston. I have a free movie ticket out south ridge
follow me back I <3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!<333 :)xoxoxox
#gwu, come try the basmati rice and butter chicken and homemade naan at Aroma
We will be at the Greenwood Public Parking Lot (Main&Madison) today from 11:00am-3:pm...come on down and enjoy a great hot dog...
thanks for sharing!
There's just something about a plain black tee and dark wash jeans that feels so
Busy day... just heard Obama wants to get QB1 traded to the Bears. AWESOME!
Ah, forgot how lovely it is to sleep in a cold room with a heavy blanket and the sound of pouring rain outside my window. I <3 u Boston!
Marilyn Hotchkiss Ballroom Dancing and Charm School + Red Wine = Heartwarming Relaxation. Maybe I need to learn a new kind of dance.
thank you!
Today I'm presenting Preventing Injuries in Child Care & Child Passenger Safety @ the Indiana Injury Prevention Conference
Oh? You often rawr-rawr-rawr in libraries? I thought you were more private than that.
I'm diggin' this post Melo Denver
Listening to #daRain! Perfect song for today in East Tennessee!! Love you bunches! #Thyroiddiseasesux Im there with ya!
10/14/2010 Cathay Pacific's Tom Wright: Prose About People Forbes India
I have to to drive to mt healthy. no idea where that is. I'm going to get lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no and we forgot to explain the whole thing to amy.
The line moves much slower when my stomach is eating itself.
You have some very interesting articles. Love it! I am a nature lover I will be visiting your posts regularly :-)
Trooper: street race on Okeechobee Road like a "death valley." Coming up at 6 am on NBC6: how racers try to make a closed course
Magic Bird tonight!
You're welcome! I will take a look and get back with you on this.
So tired can't wait to sleep tonight....so busy its insane....like my daddy always says " I can sleep when I'm dead"
And: Committing to a rebuild is one thing, it's another thing entirely to trust the org to do it right. Right now, I don't.
i don't follow random links from people I don't know.
got it - thanks for the tweet.
social status = # of voice mails in the 90's, # of emails in the 00's, # of retweets / repins / likes / shares now . pls RT / like ;-)
As my mom would say, I LOVEE HIM!
hahaha I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you jealous
#netbaseknows I want brand clients for my new startup company
I'm mad right now.
in another zone....#Posted for the time being been on the move handling bidness all day - and work - what a day...
LACMA survey indicated that only 20% of smartphone users had a QR reader or understood what a QR code is.
Wait Till yall here my remix to Sure Thing
Let's hope da world will aid us if da U.S. government continues stealing&misleading Americans forcing some2protest facing persecution/worse!
I can't wait for the concert!
When you give life happiness, life give you it back.
Another WRESTLING Revolution is taking place
Poor mister fell asleep @ 9 while watching our new fav show. Making him get off the love seat to go to bed.
Catching up on Mad Men. Alexis Bledel sounds so very un-Gilmore Girls on this show! Very grown up.
A bearded George Clooney will play Paul Krugman one day, I'm convinced.
That moment when you realize what you want to do tonight and what you definitely should never do are the same thing...
Another #FF #Friday ★★★s to #Follow MaryJonesFl :)
Marriott! Need a break! ": hell y'all doing tonight ?"
Tough loss for the #Thunder when they were up by 18 in the 3rd! Even worse for my Clippers To Win the Pacific futures!!!
Thanks for passing it on. You're great!
They Keep On Stressin Me But He Keep On Blessin Me
Company Reminder-Competition Dress Rehearsal today. All dancers 1:30-6! Come ready w/hair, makeup, costumes, etc. it's gonna be a great day!
ALL MY LADIES HAVE FUN FOR VALENTINE'S DAY!!!
Remember that January allday excursion we did our 1st year as Masters students? Talk about middle of nowhere.
hahahahahha amen sister!
S/o cause she so trill!!!Tell sammie i said whats poppin!
At Chick-fil-a getting lunch. "Do you know who I am? I drive a Volvo!" thought would get a laugh.
home goods! There is one in la canada....AMAZING
Why don't i own mean girls on dvd?
Happy Persian New Year to all my fellow Iranians! I'll be celebrating on stage tonight at The Comedy Store 'C' Word Show 8pm. Come on out!
Love you, too, mommy
Half my seat is wet.. So now half my ass is wet. Thanks.
I mean, it did take place a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away.
ANNA MESSAGE ME ON SKYPE ABOUT IT TMRW
" i`ll see you in 3 weeks though, so i`m barely gone " you`re the cutest.
Had such a great time with Abby outside of class. All these haters that kept staring at us made my night. ;)
#np UGK - Pocket Full Of Stones....
sorry im late but the songs u sent were dope.... Props
News PGA Tour Confidential: Previewing Tiger's return and the Timberlake Open Tiger Woods returns (again) this week with a l
thanks! great job creating such a comprehensive archive of
Which Acer netbook are you using?
Hi there! Long time no talk...gr8 to "see" you!
Education means inspiring someone’s mind, not just filling their head. Katie Lusk
Adobe's Elliot Sedehah: Metrics exist to drive a primary business goal. Content and metrics MUST work together
someone gets perv then block them!
Funkagenda of course!
Having a great time at the #ABAERR midwinter meeting
damn right.
All branches are up and running after #vairene except is closed today. & also closed for repairs
I'm hearing the thunder in #SanDiego but not seeing the lightning. Where is it?
Feels like I'm drowning without your love.
Sweet! A hard drive failure. I didn't have anything else to do with my day tomorrow, you know.
put down a monkey on Chelsea 2-1 tonight!
Wonder what Warhol would have thought of my watching #empirefilm via tweets.
If Vilma offered $10K to anyone injuring Favre he needs yr off IMO RT : should some of the Saints players be suspended as well
The amazon tablet? I'm intrigued by that rumor.
For any reason whatsoever.
Thought I could see the light at the end of the semester-long tunnel…then I got to
Although it may not be for everyone, some think going for a run on a first date is the greatest idea since sliced bread. More » Post fro
About to max these tacos. Then blow back on some loud
Hearing about next big things at #I2SMM12 & OARNet's 100Gig network. "If Ohio is going to have a future, we need to be...invested in tech."
“Call To Action”, 5 minute Ignite-style talk. Moe Rafiuddin,
"librarians are working wherever knowledge is critical to society"- professor Dave Shumaker on
Nice. Also happy birthday !
Never waste a minute of your precious life by squandering it thinking about people you don't like.
Heading to catch up with the one and only Glenn Pingul. Looking forward to it.
Looking forward to the opening tonight!
You are not hard bumpin a stereo in a Plymouth Neon....
Some amazing #legal and #business webinars coming up hosted by my friend Attorney Heather Atkinson and top notch guests Register for...
Post your highlight tape on YouTube to recruithighschool.com for free make your player profile get more exposure today
Keep on spreading the word on Coop's BBQ! We aim to provide delcious, authentic BBQ to as many people as we can!
i love your background (:
Im a 3 year breast cancer survivor, good to be alive,follow me for inspuration each day
and you thought i forgot. Hahaha:)
#Jackass is on right now and Dan is laughing his ass off!
Yum cheesesteak RT : Philadelphia in the house!
: What's wrong with just using Facebook likes? I kid, I kid... Do it well sir. Do it well...
same here. Working nights suck.
we join the rest of the nation today in remembering the sacrifices of our 25 million veterans & expressing appreciation for their service <3
Help! How to manage school, kids, and writing, how do I conquer stress and sleep and get more energy...COFFEE DOESN'T WORK!!! :(
NFL Draft Rumors: Bills Looking to Move Up to Third Pick
Favorite new wine : 2009 Cab Franc, La Madrid, "Reserve", Agrelo Vineyard, Mendoza, Argentina. Dark and Yummy!
"New Year, New Me!" -Every girl tonight
Maybe take Colby out?? #Rangers your thoughts?
Have you ever googled yourself? :D Love you!
#apple would be my favorite brand/
it was pretty slim pickens from the start
Hopefully with ! Looking forward to the event next week.
Big fan of yr SurprFree podcast.Is the intro/"outro" volume intentionally abt 50dB louder than the interview volume?
ok I'm not sure how far along she is..but I'll let u know when she delivers :-)
Hampton celebrates 20 years as Tree City
Hey, thanks for the link!
My nigga you got mad squabbles dog
that's cute
Meeting w/Butler and IUPUI profs next week to talk about their MBA programs. Who has one? Is it worth it?
Lunch a Day Giveaway! Follow & Retweet for chance to win one of our $7 Speedy Lunch Specials. "1 winner/day"
just the woman who was speaking. Sorry.
Fuck yes! Congrats, sir!
Small Bump by Ed Sheeran is pure perfection
good talk.. we'll see you in a few weeks!
I need to get lifted asap
#starwalk mercury goes direct!
Just finished working out for 2 hrs. Was hard, but I feel so good! & we're having gorgeous amazing weather in Dallas today!
...inextricable from that of their students
(: I just hope this blows over quickly, and that whoever did it just grows up and deletes the account.
Irked that the variety of moleksin planner I like (weekly planner + notes) is hard to find. Irked enough to pay shipping. Darn you digital.
#Shoutout to go follow them now if you are a true
I love how songs can express the exact emotion you're feeling at that moment. It's as if you helped write the lyrics!
People are still not entirely sure how to monetize the blogosphere.
he actually picked me! :D i was the first called up :)
I like Andre and CJ2K
Having a few at bitter end! Ok maybe more than a few! Lol
how hype are we though
I don't know, what? Lol
The gap in thoughtfulness between a typical essay and its comments is one of the widest conceptual chasms in the known universe.
I just read tweet and i thought it was awesome!
I see that particular hit and argue thing a lot.most of the time it loses the point of what might be a -
what if we could breathe in space, but the government just doesnt want us to escape.. think about that
Keith Urban is here!!!!!!!
btw, I was at the Futures/Celebrity too. Was it just me, or did the first inning (Futures) last three innings?!?
R.I.P Whitney! You had an amazing voice but if it wasn't only for them damn drugs
yes! Ick! Maybe even in the history of TV.
thank you for sharing and for calling attention to the comments!
oh are we doing evening #mkBiblechat ?
no midnight anxiety about the dewey decimal system?
How did I know you'd be watching Coffee Addiction? Doing some research?
Okay, so most years have been assholes to the Royals, but this one especially.
I swear to god, i knew already that the city Springfield in the simpsons was in Oregon!
Im not waking up tomorrow.
Vanity license plate spotted: TO OZ. #Australia? Or Baum's imaginary Land of #Oz? Both sound good on a rainy day in
I got you
Lol, You Already Know!!
they won! Thank god..cant stand the Heat
Obama? That is cheesy!
Someday you will find me caught beneath the landslide in a champagne supernova in the sky...
At my niece's school for honors night... I dislike middle school. I was such a bad ass, got into A LOT of trouble...
Why is it that Monday is so far away from Friday but Friday is so close to Monday? #iWantSummer <33
Hello Alice
that's my job!
Happy birthday <3 your not-so-secret admirer
#IfIHadItMyWay, People would not drag others down; instead, they would rise up to make themselves better.
HotelVQ.com is getting a NEW look & we can't wait to share! Stay tuned!!!!
Bill Melega's World Hist session on using primary sources was fun! His HOT (higher order thinking) makes good classroom sense.
I will post kitty pictures as soon as possible. I can't wait to show you!!
": I want a pet :'( #ForeverAlone" I feel you, 100% --___-
Time to decorate the tree
I'm loosing followers by the tweet RT : Curious what Klout will say about after the
Drink water through a napkin or paper towel...also try a spoonful of regular sugar...
feeling really stupid :(
Pulaski Hwy N of Bmore signed as cycling route. Don't get how a lone cyclist could survive it. Shoulders disappear, 6 lanes of heavy traffic
"The hurtin's on me, yeah"
Hey! What are your feelings on the Flyers game?
This Clipper/Memphis game is an absolute war!
bummer we didn't get to connect! hope you had a safe trip home, and please let me know if you ever pass thru Kansas City
Our Handicap and American Flags are free with purchase of the 30" or 40" pole..easy to attach to your cart!! www.prenmacgolfcartflags.com
Ulster county spca was evacuated last night due to flooding. Currently they are housed in a building with no electricity, they
a collective "Holy S--t" from. BBN : Holy S--t. Anthony Davis down and holding knee.
EXCITED I MIGHT BE GOING TO CALIFORNIA THIS WEEKEND BEST NEWS OF THE WEEK! i hope it happens
lol. Homie did miss two free throws. Where MVPs do that at?
Great night so far. Tomorrow is gonna be fucking dope as well!
I can probably be there safely by 2:15pm, but that also might be tight. Perhaps we reschedule this time.
u watching it on a portable tv while getting water for D level rappers like mac miller and copywrite?
I'm glad someone besides me thought of the song!
well shit i need a video man for hoop I'm trying to make some tapes
Winston Moss
i plan to change both nights. Into what? It will be a surprise to even me.
It's Friday!!! You know what that means! Thanks to my new followers and !
Execution mistake: missing opportunities to act. Via Karen Halvorson
LMAO! Bless your heart. ;-)
Perfect, I just need to get in touch with to confirm.
We got to see a pre-screening yesterday. Bottom line (no spoilers): GREAT. just great. we got more details if you want.
yea they do!
Let's trade Lacee for one of those girls in the club.
Seriously he's like 4'11 and he's talking shit about my boyfriend. I'm about to drop kick him in his midget face loooooooool
Feeling like everyone needs a in their life.
Pretty sure I just saw a kid shooting up in the alley by wild flour bakery? Really? Couldn't have been older than 18 and wasn't hiding it.
9 piece straight 8 balls mjg b***h. I got 8 balls I love that song
Jermichael has got to catch that jump ball. Dude needs to "test free agency" after the year is over.
my time is suckin balls
Last week of school, finals, prom, graduation, summer, open house, college >>>>>>>
why you love so good and hurt even worse? Damn. :-)
Lol why did I just get super mad!?
wish i had time to hoop outside today....
RT : The pimpin ice cold all these bitches wanna chill 
yes...Memorial Day is coming up.....that why I"m taking off the other 4 days that week...going someplace big!
okay good! Lol
my level of confusion is worse than I thought! All coming back to me now haha
": Michael Bay. RT : Greatest movie villain of all time?"
Answered a bonus question about Skyrim correctly at trivia. Won myself a free beer.
can't wait, i luv your videos 😊
RIP Whitney
Steak, and (Wheat), makes a week in St Louis a good thing.
Omg I think ill be in bed at 9 again
People in Austin tweeting about the weather....you kill me
My laptop is being so slow right now that even the task manager is freezing. Wtf? :(
I've been awake for 36 hours. Holy damn. Time for sleep. Night.
That is awesome!
Ive been throwing up for the past hour.
MIDDAY TUESDAY: David Cordish casino talks about proposed gambling expansion & why, of course, he opposes it noon
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died
RT : WWW.PHREEPS.COM is got your code word for Madison's best deals. Check us out!!!
I guess ill wash my truck today.
3-0 in left right center
La Regalando Tickets Pa El Megaton De Polito Vega En El Parke,
Money make the coochie go woo woo!
Cutting hair does not influence its growth.
Tommy Digger Gugger says he can go to Jigsaw, plug in a company and get all the SW engrs in that company <---wrong, misleading
#DodgeRepair - Melloy Dodge is your convenient car dealer for Dodge service & repair in Albuquerque.
If your wine supply is running low make sure to get in here and stock up. We have a variety of wines on sale until Saturday!
Wow. After watching this show I am definitely NOT rushing to get married!
...and some jerk off snagged my VIP parking space. Must be amateur hour for RMC Event Staff.
“: In the US, 45,000 hamburgers are eaten every minute.” poor cows :(
Shit White Guys Say to Brown Guys
hate ta c sumone text while drivin meantime they're slowin me down!!!!
“: This chocolate tastes funny... I should've known better than to accept eggs from a squirrel.”//That's the wrong holiday rodent.
how long it take to find out how'd it go? hope u did really awesome but u suck
Watching for first time tonight, had to say u #blewmeaway Hope u take it all! Congrats
90% of Atheists are cry-baby pussies.
roar im a dinosaur
no idea actually -- but don't worry, i'm rather secure in my manhood. I can handle carrying my wife's purse and being on that list
Awww Is Performing Yeah3x Should Of Danced For Him :)
see you there big boy!!!
so I am out here about to kill time lines again with some real talk what will you like to hear.
Great to be in touch! thanks for reaching out.
A thing called love, yeah its #overrated. I'm focused on the moment where I'm like bytch I made it.
": I love when miss punch leaves me in charge of the class #whadup" did she learn english yet?
thanks. Always loved that song too. :)
code 1 sounds serious
Ding fries are done ding fries are done
Happy Mothers Day!! May you have a joyous day filled with Gods blessings!!
So, is Braun's supplier based in SoCal?
According to son, #Romeny is 'extraordinarily' cheap (unless when it comes to buying mansions). Romney sounds like Mr Burns in real life
We're at UNC Charlotte today for a Digital Humanities Symposium: The potentials and practicalities of digital humanities scholarship.
How are you doing? You must be tired...
I saw that! Beautiful pics of the AC coastline. How'd you do?
Another successful spring game for the #Badgers, mostly because nobody was seriously hurt.
It can be hard to think of meals a week in advance but I highly suggest that you try to plan ahead as far as you can.
taking my drug and alcohol course then going to get my permit test in sometime...>_> :D
#NowPlaying. Dru Hill. Never Make A Promise.
You will never become who you want to be if you keep blaming everyone else for who you are.
How did you guess!! I was thinking it when they snapped my pic, lol. And that's so on my dream list :-)
This tweet is for holla
Wacks likes coffee [----- this much ------], am I right? RT It's much more pleasant
Thanks to all who came out last night to make the night an insane success. That #patio is now broken in.
Horns are made for a reason and I take full advantage of them!
Good suggestions. Thanks!
I spent a day in Gibraltar in HS. .5 square mile...and I got lost.
honestly. No matter what he did he could never exceed the insane expectations the team put on him. It wasn't his fault.
get that stupid Mountain Dew ad off your homepage, it's ridiculous
key word is SOMETIMES.
that was a sick dunk. RT : ain't playing!!!
s/o to An underrated Hooper
ya your parent a are coming. And ya i think that might be what we are doing.
I'm so proud of . #AustinsFirstSingle ♥
haters gonna hate mr. Richie said it was cool to be old school
Haha I'm about to do that today! Synced my new work email to my phone. That was a short-lived 2 weeks w/out phone email overload.
Lol wanted to go to sixflags on sunday
I didn't steal anything, Dad gave me his upgrade
Next time I wake up to read the headline "Baby with 'Bucket List' Dies" I am going back to sleep.
"Don't postpone your greatness. Your time is now." -Robin Sharma
I sure hope your feeling is right, course I am going to the EPT :)
Hello, Darkness, my old friend.
LETs Go SUNS
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”
-_- wht makes me mad .. Wen someone ask me if im mexican <<<<<<<<
yes he is!
Thanks ! It's a great lifestyle! And we'll be bringing more and more of it to you! Thanks for helping to spread the word!
The church should do their thing and the rest of the world can do their thing, all for the sake of peace, I think it's worth it.
HIstory Thursday: this flipbook was used as marketing for the LA Theater. Charlie Chaplin in City Lights circa 1931.
Drew: I disagree, the Umps were terrible and should be called out every time b/c a strike is a strike and ball a ball everytime.
Goss: Presence of caring adults in communities and neighborhoods is key. Not just parents.
Would you be able to send $3-5? That's all we're asking for. Not asking for big money donations.
i'm kind of addicted to
If we delight ourselves in the Lord, He will place His desires within our hearts and make sure our motives are godly and true.
Former Badger Ryan Suter with a goal and an assist for Predators vs. Coyotes. Phoenix leads Nashville 5-3 in 3rd.
People do the darnest things these days :) #~Sentry Scene#~
follow our home girl <3
Don't beat around the kitchen island. Just say it.
No cell phone Sunday was a gas
Love listening to music and getting lost in the production of it!
haha seriously alaska is boring as hell and ill text you in 20min.
Why are you here?
We’ll be playing beautiful music in a beautiful hotel. Join us October 25th, 3 PM Belden Stratford Hotel at 2300 N Lincoln Park W, Chicago.
see also: #Life RT : Coming up with #ideas is the easy part. Getting others to buy into them is the hard part.
GO #BREWERS!
Editing aside, my new vacuum cleaner arrived today, and I'm about to tear this place up.
I am! The opener ( ) is a friend of ! Heading down 9:15ish. You?
Today I left my house 2 hours early to allow 4 rush hour traffic. Today was also the 1st day I made it 15 miles in 20 minutes.
RT Happy Mothers Day to all you moms out there!! Enjoy your day! :)
don't startle the rapist
G.M.N.I.: The lyrics of her private song..composed of sighs & silent moans. Live recording..light is on..rehearsal for tonight is long.
IVE NEVER KNOWN FOR THE PLAYOFF SCHEDULE TO HAVE BACK 2 BACK GAMES.
Officially on Google+ thanks to
yea.....when u ready to go half on a baby
From the F my life portion of my wife Stef's day, she broke her ankle. In the middle of a move...impeccable timing! Fuck I feel bad for her!
But only 3 years until #Pi Day 3/14/15 and no leap days stand between now and then
Saw Deathlyhallows Pt. 2 Best Movie Ever. Had me in legit tears at least 3 times.
million dollar question...will David Beckham even bother to show for his galaxy v. rapids game tonight?
One more hour of our Fabulous Five Dollar Pastrami Sandwich
i just support good music.. yah digG
There's 95% chance I'll be going back to Texas this summer :))
mine too but look at the lack of finding players to fill holes this past off season instead u spend 220mil on another slugger
Turns out someone stole my eCredits. Thank you the customer team for getting to the bottom of this.
Yes! This one is approved.:)
good point! RT : Q3: I can't expect them to eat a salad if I'm scarfing french fries.
128 days till graduation! :)
she luvs to get wet..lake,pond,puddle, it doenst matter
RT : Fear less, hope more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Hate less, love more; Good things are yours. -Proverb
Boi I'm too nice -___-
I am so sick of cloudy rainy weather ugg. My fav band is coming to hang out SAT wit me yea they only know Spanish CAN NOT WAIT TO C U GUYS
Good morning everyone. Had a great weekend and now off to work!
Have I been living in a cave? COMICS! : Sweet there is a funnel cake truck at #planetcomicon"
POTUS: Today, we’re giving 10 states the green light to continue making reforms that are best for them.
I agree. RT Someone just asked what my placement % rate was. I just said "yes".
its all gud bomb w33d and palm trees.. beautiful women too. u will love this ish.. u wrk today?
going to cry. omg.
Thanks for the #FF! RT : Cool women's history sites I just found: Happy
didn't get a ride in this AM. Had to take the wife to the train station.
I cannot tolerate that word either!
Going to watch Queen of Queens! Good luck to my friends that are in it! :D
Why, yes, I WILL watch season 1 episode 1 of The X-Files.
We're watching what the Sen Budget committee is proposing for funding (or diverting) for land conservation. Watch for our action alerts.
What's it like in our restos tnite?
Keeping a record-it may be helpful for both the employer & employee to keep a record of all discussions, agreements,meetings held
well....depends on who they get. I'm open to the reboots on comic films. They're interpretations on characters....
This is why we skinny nigga! RT : People who smoke Marijuana on average, weigh less than those who don't.
Today's going to be a good day(:
and that is a crap sound bite! try "No millionaire should pay less taxes than a working man'
Heat refs very helpful. Pacers lousy free throw shooting even more helpful.
we get worked up over what we consider our craft, our lively hoods and business integrity.
“: At Fridays with n dranking” Who's jealous... me -____-
Its cool
Would they flip Lebron for Dwight? It seems too obvious, right?
RT Take your career to the next level this year.
where you @ man?
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 22
oh not at all! i just realized this am that you sent me one last tweet and i didn't want u to think i purposely dropped off xoxoxo
Spinach salad w/fat free cottage cheese, ground turkey, 1/2 small avocado, and Marzetti's Raspberry Cabernet vinaigrette. AHHHMAZING.
marry me naow
Sending sad face made me smile :), thanks Kay, see you Monday. :)
just speaking the #truth :)
don't forget the hashtag!
"When life changes to be harder, change yourself to be stronger."
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow every girl is beautiful.
I don't wanna leave but I #GottaGo right now
Opening up the mic to whoever wants to speak. Helicopters flying overhead.
Thank you!
Reading Karl Marx reminds of the priceless words of Obi-Wan Kenobi - "only Sith deal in absolutes."
": Can lebron tie the game...."lol I think we all know that answer
Thank you, maintenance guy for attempting to fix the wrong outlet and leaving a huge mess of dry wall in my bathroom. Roar.
... there's something else
Blonde hair, Tatted up, Chillen wit my sweats on thats wen Im the sexiest you know you want me all night long
Tough seeing Matt Kemp go on the DL, but it is worth making sure he stays healthy. Ok timing with #Dodgers huge division lead
soon you may have to start smuggling birth control in from Mexico.
your welcome!!! It was super amazing!
west Virginia wbu
don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful. they can all get fucked just stay true to you.
okay james, the rib kicking can stop now
#ToMyUnbornChild it'll be a while, but I'm sure you'll be kickass.
Expect the unexpected.
tomorrow? :) im gonna eat dinner now
Nikki! Stop Blowing Up twitter!
Hey, are you masturbating tonight? I couldn't tell.
Tomorrow evening would be super on this end!
I like one team, one, and that's enough to drive me into a padded room
Want to know what's crazy? The fact that I'm still madly in love with you && you've already moved on.
hahaha more of a phrase, but yeah, you got the right idea! When did you learn Japanese???
I stopped drinking soda and stopped eating French fries one time for 6 weeks. Lost almost 15 lbs.
chocolate black pepper cookies are BACK! Starting today you will be able to get them everyday.
GO #Bearcats ! Win win win!! Wearing Uc Pride
saving seats for my peeps
All dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. ~ Walt Disney
Please dear god let me be wrong
Found you through Looking forward to your tweets! Thought others in Dallas would want to know about you.
I'm ambivalent about most of the recent Google design changes, but the new version of Analytics is really frustrating.
Good picks, Jeff. Have a great weekend!
HURRY UP DAMN IT
I've followed ya
you should meet up with he is at Taj and is a master at living out of his car on a poker road trip like you.
thanks Mike :) hope you had a very Merry Christmas!
you getting a bike?
cool can't wait to hear about it!!!
I've hit a follow limit! What's the easist way to find my followers who aren't following me
Ahaha Why ? o: Like Your Eyes Better !
#DrJohn show with #DanAuerbach botched by sound man #BAM. Could hear his solos but otherwise inaudible
have u guys struck deal charlie v?
": Jealousy is just a type of insecurity"
Commemorating Abdul-Baha's Historic 100 year anniversary visit to Howard University tonight at Rankel Chapel
Time to take it home #LAKERS!!!!
n'aw! Thanks Julie!
they so are..that was crazy, but I guess it happened, often, incest
Many thanks!
Talking to on the phonogr-AIM.
RT 42% of Americans pee in the shower.
aka Melissa Carlson Creative donates time to layout signs for #smbmad. This is all helpful to put on a program. Thanks!
thought you'd like it haha
Yard sale?!? You guys gotta know I love you a lot if you're actually dragging me to a yard sale.
RT : Party at the Blue Lamp tonight. Whose coming?
#Dark chocolate:packed with #antioxidants & lowers #blood pressure! Find chocolate w/60% or higher cocoa ;the darker, the lower fat & sugar.
What they failed to understand is that sometimes Im very greedy sometimes I want it all and then in the blink of an eye I am gone
from now on call me McTwitter. Yes to everything
I could actually see myself talking to #oomf. They are cute, intelligent, and has a great personality! 👍👍👍👍
got damn
haha you cant get fat from one piece of cake lol
No I haven't! Thanks for putting them on my radar!
+ grubbing down on food
why?! What happend?!
what's with people and the "unfollow" button??
anyone out there have any ever use the Acoustic Magic Voice Tracker II mic for webconferencing? I'd love to hear your thoughts if you have.
BOUT READY TO GET THINGS CRUNKTIFIED AT COCO LOUNGE!! HURRICANE CITI IN MY NEAR FUTURE!!!
"Friends are thieves of time" Francis Bacon ~ "social media is the thief of time" ~Francis Estrada
Bad thoughts cause illness of the mind, body and spirit
Someone text me at least ?
#HappyValentinesDay We're approaching the 100 day countdown : )
#Stats or
But if Levine thinks he can deliver a better game by waiting, that's cool.
angels in the U.S. Would've given up this summers tour to have the Cody stay in Australia for a bit longer. He gave up so much.
Cod tacos for lunch! Yes PLEASE!
Feb 1, 1964: The gov of Indiana declared that the song "Louie Louie" was pornographic. He asked that indy radio stations not play the song.
The #Browns better draft a young QB to develop in the next couple rounds, Brandon Weeden isn't getting any younger.
leaving the office today to attend SLA Leadership Summit as DSOC past-chair
just wanna say what up to all my new followers, the revolution may not be televised but the movement will be broadcasted.
Scott Hannan has 73 GP of playoff experience. The rest of the #Caps D combined have 120 GP worth.
#RT if u are an #independent mother and do your best
Awe your first #FF ever?
That's a strength routine, so should be handling a 1RM% where the last set is still smooth. 80-85% up to 5min rest in OK.
i really wanted to dance for xtreme dance force, which is in naperville, and my mom says its too far :'(
absolutely “: Are they also expected to check facts? The jury is still out. ”
I thought I lost my mom lol
Thank U to everyone that wished me a Happy Birthday yesterday :)!! UR all AMAZING!! & a THANK U to MADISON for following me :)! iloveU all<3
I see your point too! all good debates! It's a tough nut to figure out.
#BestBuy is closing 50 #BigBox stores & replacing w/ smaller ones. Maybe store in downtown B'more is the new model. All hail #urbanretail!
The juggler is on stage right now, but I want to wish both of your kids a very happy birthday. I'll be back on stage in just a sec.
Working it in the club, lol
My solution to technical difficulties converting .mov into .avi files...? Ranger IPA
Jonny is killing me with all these swag tweets!
If you can make ONE person smile today, you've made a difference.
in Cincinnati, eating Krishna with my boyfriend. Life is good.
I, in fact, agree.
#Health #Tip: Watch your waist. People who carry excess fat around their middle are at greater risk for heart disease and diabetes.
you and me?,
It's time to get wet & wild
RT : Do you have any art inspired by our collection? If you do we would love to display it . Contact: .
my gota hurts from that bike
stupid and tired...tired and stupid, they go together somehow i think lol. goodnight
I also drank before I was 21. There's always an exceptions to the rule.
I'm A Fan Of Many But I Only Support A Few
HA! Ahem, I mean. Oh ya, that's right.
I hope it was Kate Spade! Work it mama!
follow me please? (:
I think Mark Cohen won. We should get In The Heights/Rent trending, who's with me?
wow, that's not good. Did your stuff get damaged?
hey bo!
Thank God I can see the faces and smiles of all my FRIENDS who have past away.
Looking at new blog options, new title with new focus, wordpress v blogger. suggestions?
Today was a good day!
Today I became an aunt. Can't WAIT to meet my nephew!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
