yes! If you're in the area, come!
Coming Momentarily on OBRag: The Psychology of a ‘Political Sociopath’ And What This Means for San Diego
If you can guess my favorite song right now, I will follow you instantly and give you a shout out!
You're god damn right it's a beautiful day, uh-huh....
Auto correct ruins lives...*Bumgarner
Fantastic! Thanks :)
And Harry potter marathon! Haha too bomb!!.
Happy Sweetheart Day to all my dear friends!
Best over heard call of the day at the office: "Is this DQ? Um I was just wondering if you had any specials on Blizzards right now?"
that goes for most people in general
why are you so beautiful?
You guys were great on the VMA's!!!
My mother bought herself a new computer!
RT : RT Follow and RT to get more followers Thank you!
Shout-out to for sorting roughly 300 kids into their majors and setting up rotations for other arts classes!
88% lean meat patties partner.
Well, I see some BTF Facebook posts in the future.
How We Gone Work Out, Then Go To McDonalds?? Tht Just Defeat The Purpose!! Lol. Smh..
That dress is absolutely beautiful BTW.
Boom I so called it
My work clothes no longer get clean when I wash them. They just smell a little bit better.
So alarm was supposed 2 go off @ 1:30am. Ive been up since 1am off to Indy for the race.
i do not live in italy i live in pennsylvania in the usa
Have you started training? K-Trax Athletics is offering running classes to help you prepare for the K-Trax Invite: ktraxathletics.com
Looking forward to seeing the post. Have fun with the talk...
These kids in calc are really passing notes to each other.
just my body's natural aversion to winter.
agreed, had me at: "site design and development was to remain device agnostic"
THAT DRESS & THAT HAIR
No they are playing like the lakers when dallas swept them last year :) Hawks always start fast and fade faster :)
sorry girls I had to drive my mom to the mall. She had to go shopping for Hawaii. Now im back :D
Watching The Simpsons with Viggle Mon | 18 | MyTV Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So effin' true RT : Everyone seems normal until you get to know them.
well, that's part of the problem at tWWL & why I thought he'd be better served with nbcsn
Norris Cole dunked?!
SocialVolt is attending #socialIRL this morning with and
Class and then heading up to Orlando for our meet tonight. Hip flexor, you are not going to get in my way.
Wow so your law degree absolves u from accepting SC unanimous decision ? Shouldn't u practice what u preach ?
Where's your car?
Romona Hotel and Casino Tonight!! Pretty Rockin at the Poker Tables
Down by 30 w 3 min left in the 3rd CP3 be thinking, we got this!
We could never have loved the earth so well if we had had no childhood in it. ~George Eliot
gimme a break. Skate never left the ice AND Zubrus dove.
Yes. Glad it stopped raining, the sun is out now!
CONGRAGULATIONS TO BEYONCE for giving birth to a baby girl! I know she will be an AMAZING MOTHER! :)
Gym is always a nice break in between all that web work.
I do know some that are married too it.. there knows as the People who call me who i send straight to voicemail.
Just found the cutest Peanuts Valentines Day card for my Mama!
loved cirque du soir !!
I remember watching the 1st epi of Desperate Housewives 8 yrs ago & thinking,,this won't make a full season..Mike wrong
My parents and sister get annoyed when I always talk about Justin Bieber. But I just say"hey I'm a fan.There is nothin you can do about it!"
I can be fat if I want to, fat if I want to, you would be fat if it happened to you.
mmbby when and where when and where and i am there!
WE are State General and State Roofing Contractors www.vcassociates.net 305-232-3344.
I'm off 2day & I'm cooking sum brkfast RT I wonder where and are??? they have been MIA for a min
- Thank you for letting us recruit volunteers in your branches! We really appreciate it! :)
I'd really like to see the #Texans beat the #Ravens, but whoever wins this game MUST beat the #Patriots!
li love <3 haha a little late but w/e :)
thanks! make sure to share it!
that's besides the point, but I can say I do recycle them. Lol
Thanks! We are very excited. It's our favorite city. Now, I just need to finish my project, sell house, move, etc...
I love my friend Jayla we new each other since last year everyday I go too school with her we alway seem to do the same thing!!!!!
This may already be the play of the game for Atlanta
Meimei looks like someone shot endorphins right into her heart when I get home from work. Does it get any better than that?
This #Rangers #Capitals game sponsored by Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts & every coffee co worldwide to get you through your sleepy day tomorrow
Really? A 38 on the front with all those missed putts. Benny needs to practice his stroke...CHYEAH
At it's a program of that works to provide loans to small businesses.
that's what's up.
Finally the day is over ☺
Some Collin Facts and stats will be posted tomorrow night.
Time is love. Gotta run. I'd love to stay longer but i got someone, who waits for me.<3(:
Who's dreaming about the #MegaMillions drawing today? Any #onlyinpgh things you'd do with your winnings?
In Downtown LA, maybe, yes, but Hollywood is greenfield drive-in strip mall territory.
happy to see pals and in the 2012 dConstruct line up. Looks like a stellar lineup for the whole conf!
best azz in the world real talk...........im sprung
Nerve wrecking.
we can be found under #Israel :)
#ONSPresidents take the high road because they put the group before themselves
#imagine you and Liam are in a restaurant and he starts to seduce you. you: not here. Liam: then let's go to the bathroom ;)
Less than 2 days until #CulturalCrawl 2012 kicks off! We can't wait.
#bestbadreview of the day: "I had a piece of pie here that was so awful I could not finish it... And I'm fat."
A situation arose that he can not get past so he and his kids moved out
The hex rally vs the aggie lifestyle? You're reaching now.
We are kickin off a new series tomorrow night.. JESUS >____... 5&7pm..
To the very backbones of our society, our Moms, have a very Happy Mother’s Day!
you are awesome. Thank you.
going to the ballpark tomorrow for the day game. Hope he hits a few!
I love when on Loiter Squad the put kittens on people's faces
Every day is a shorts and flip flops day.
you could have but you unfollowed me aha
Err, premieres. My tumtum is not a parliamentary democracy.
I'm thinking the best way to end this awful week and weekend is an impromptu trip to NYC to see Shelby Lynne.
So I guess that if I don't text you first then we don't talk at all?..
feel better xo
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side. 
India Arie anyone?
In class today we are visiting: Japan, Damascus, Jerusalem, Mexico, Acadiana, and DEATH! I love teaching
Do you know what it's like to feel so in the dark. To dream about a life where your the shining star.
you should avoid questions of popularity and focus on romance!!!
Has anyone seen Roberto Luongo? He's way late to the game...
I got a hammy.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-41
first you take my money now my lemonade whats next my cloths ?
Blondes everywhere rejoice! #Starbucks is soon releasing a special blend just for you!
Reading a book called BLOODY MONEY PART I
Go to Fulton's!
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: This is strong evidence for MeCP2 playing a maintenance role in normal neurological function.
i just got my electricity back on :-) hehe!!
Thank you! And how are YOU doing?
Well that was weird. Cicadas all just stopped like someone pulled the power cord and they all fitzed out. And now it's really quiet.
Congrats to Karissa - scored tix to Sugarland Thur nite in Toledo! 1 more pair to give away tomorrow, and this time I'm gonna make it EASY!
like sometimes i wonder why people are ACTUALLY so dumb
I just heard that a lot of the time your body rejects the surface bars. It hurt badly though?:(
Clothes swap 2011 was a great success. This will become an annual event, mark my words!
Job seekers, if you don't know what you want to do next, don't hire a resume writer. We can't help without a clear target audience.
im so ready to quit school & work and become a legit beach bum
Shout out to all the MILFs in the world today
No more stair accidents =) haha
#operationfindnextgf Gotta love cuddling and watchin movies
Thanks for the follow. Love the skyline backdrop. Do you have roots in Chicago or do you just have great taste?
Well, I'm kinda glad Malkin moves on in the NHL13 cover vote. At least it's real news about Penguins hockey, + a Flyer lost.
Just saw this tweet :( Hope you feel better! Do you think it might b a sinus infection? I've had them like that.
Terrific Tuesday we shall have it no other way
No my baby victor cruz is out :\
bro miss you, how are you? Evrything is ok?
Now for a two minute break.
I live in NYC!!
Ew. Just say NO to summer school. That's an even more serious "just say no" than "just say no to drugs"!
depends on capital needs, gaps in team, network, etc. Mix of VC, angel, other has been valuable for OnChip
My Mom Called Me n said the show she went to I gave her the tix for was great. *THE GOOD SON*
Open House tomor night 5pm-8pm! Just got in 3 amazing olive oils - new zealand, greece & cali! You'll be amazed at how different they taste!
Check out SoundGarage Pro from the android market.Stream and download tracks to ur Droids!
Is there any of our friends not buying a poster? How much are the variants?
Downloading the new beat tape for tonight and got my Avengers ticket for Sunday.
dick!!! I just want a piece!!
Those who can't tweet Instagram pictures of their kids.
I think I want to learn more about her :)
Needs someone to wait in line for me Thursday night to grab the foams. Inquire within for details and pay.
my dog eats the cat shit out of the litter box does anyone else have this problem>GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
lmaooo that's krazy I know he like wtf happen to the floor cuz he was fucked up
I'm so excited and so thankful to have my photography featured in ZINK magazine later this month!!! So happy!!
Had to do some administrative stuff. Not nearly as fun as a photo shoot but has to get done.
I've been looking at South Beach all day on MSNBC. Why aren't I living in South Florida by now?
hug him and kiss his cheeck... I wish tho
Welcome to Paraskevidekatriaphobia, brought to you by Friday the 13th :)
best has to be MJ
awww love it!
Boris Diaw has been released by More to come ...
hah physical or what?
Spring Forward, more daylight!
Sounds good
Fade to black, show the names, play that happy song.
RT : Sure thing. You just learn to let the hallucinations work FOR you, not against you. >>haha This is why I love you.
that is song is stuck in my head
Ok now much better we cooling
that's fucking horrible!
I'm wondering if it's on a bunch of decorating blogs or shows or something.
I liked the bit they did for a while where he was playing with twitter on the show.
Fla definitely tightening up
HOLY COW! BGC MADNESS! CAN'T WAIT 4 SOMETHIN' BIG 2 HAPPEN!!!
Fujifilm Holdings Completes Acquisition of SonoSite
Congratulations to Mike Eaves on win #200. Tomorrow we go for win #201!
nice to meet you as well!
Why can't you BE your own person..
hey goof balls!!! Aaron Cunningham is from Washington! Played college baseball at Everett CC.. I coached him.. Come on!
Sorry to everybody for the DM crap, I was hacked & if you clicked on it, you probably got hacked too :(
I don't even skate anymore
Alright, you got the Avi up! Looks great! ;-)
Larry. Larry. I was calling you Larry. Larry.
Today at lunch and I were given maple syrup with our sweet potato fries! We have never heard of this!
First time watching it. I've heard nothing but good things.
The fact that some people can find hatred, envey and disharmony but not peace, love and respect is a great mystery.......
saw the coolest mural on smithfield street yesterday. hopefully will be able snap a photo today.
all directioners will watch , and cheer u on:)
Its all in the letter.
WATCH, GIVE, and RETWEET! ://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVkU4_EOTuI
Have you ever looked at a video of Charles Manson & realized you dress exactly like him? Just me?
Anxiety attacks are terrible and I really hate having to take antidepressants. Urg
What I hate about Twitter: finishing a good tweet, having -1 characters left.... and then having to decide which grammar crime to commi
Yeah the other spot was in Ambridge. Once that's up and running (months from now) they'll start looking in Moon again :(
Visiting the local #WorkSource office today and speaking with a #Veterans Services Rep - using all my resources to find my next great job!
follow me so I can message you back!!
texting girls
Curried mayo: Hot Curry paste or powder + Mayo + lemon juice (may need a touch sugar or honey).
I know it's a great tool, but what tool works if you don't use it? I'm trying, I'm trying... Found you on there, though.
oh! Thanks!
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people
Librarian carrying an extravagantly patterned hobo bag
aye, climax just came on >>>>
It's interesting that has been quiet for the past week given with what has happened.
we brought the film to Molins festival.
28 days left? Ok
Know I'm too late, but Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone
S/O to : New arrivals are looking sick!
Just reading this post now. Really interesting. Was not aware of these changes at Open University.
1 pm EDT. Topic is about mental health and the
#MOSDOHevent Gov. Nixon recognizes ATSU for its excellence in education.
Tomorrow is the big day am so excited #NSNDVD <3 and
Only time you'll see me planking , is when im on ya' girl .
Thank you and welcome all new followers!! All of the support is greatly appreciated.
#SheDefinitelyAHoe if you're at a party and every guy can say he got that.
Countdown to Kottarras and the Diamond Dancers is one hour from now at ! Come on down!
Hey Austin guess what ? ;)
I'm so bored let's do something, i done slept the day away.
Just watched the new show #Awake. Seems confusing and very interesting. Look forward to seeing more.
open to close in this bitch
If you get held for contempt, does that mean Sunday dinner is off? My lovely dessert will go to waste! ;-)
WE would like to take a moment to recognize the horrible situation Japan is facing. Our thoughts and prayers go out to all who are affected
Cuba Gooding Jr directed by Fred Savage in a sequel to a recent Eddie Murphy movie is a day not wasted!
Special prayers for Egypt. <3
I messed up bro, ! Haha
Spicy tomato sauce and braised tofu over swiss chard with local cheese
couldn't put that book down this summer!
Jesus taught me kungfu.....and i plan to use it
I will follow your wine & food sites for Louisville...Thanks Charlie
Thanks for following us at #Acting In LA!
Follow for expert political commentary and brilliant, idiosyncratic responses
There probably nasty
~This is truly going to be the best Christmas ever!!!
If I could get to tweet to her followers that I make beats...that'll be so kool!
A full day at APA, so much fun!
On our way to
haha true...well I'm still waiting to hear back from school about that shit
I can't believe that I'm The Bachelorette when I'm on vacation. I killed cable and rarely watch tv and I can't stop watching this trainwreck
My fat (cow)orker thinks its cute to be mean to me and cut me off when im talking
Once again the forums save the day!
has been up since 5am to go to spin class and now it's 9:30am-- I'm beat!
The contraptions used for a pedicure scare me more than most things.
I see Soleil now and forget that she was once 'Punky Brewster'. She has certainly grown up into a beautiful woman.
: 's book is coming out (US) in March & she's appearing Be sure you all give her a big US welcome!
RT : lol but they harmless.. It's them damn rats w. wings ( birds ) you gotta worry about...LMMFAO!!!! U RIGHT
God dammit. The good day has to be brought down by bullshit.
When someone ignores your text, But then wants to text you later.
I have a feeling that by the end this week I will get into a fist fight with
YOU WILL BE PART OF THE NANNY STATE AND YOU WILL LIKE IT
We are looking forward to our iSchool Faculty Planning day!
Beer fans: We're tapping Ninkasi's ultra-limited Quantum Pale Ale at 8pm tomorrow, 2/29! Only one keg - when it's gone, it's gone!
Am researching health insurance for some Austin-based start-ups; anyone have advice on best and worst agents/institutions to consider here?
Lift and run. I try to never run more than a few miles. I get bored.
Booked a part in a Feature Film! :)
Congrats Jill!
and 1993th is for 's birthday, and 1997th is for 's birthday... See what you started????
Ah jo don't do em like that
#EastwoodMoment When Ian Decides To Walk To The Airport Cause He Thinks Its Faster!
Fans of , , Please tune in to 93.3WMMR now for some love from the PIT!! Wmmr rocks!! Thanks!
Happy birthday you old af yo!
and that's another "question" I have -> the "thank you... I guess?" lol - you are welcome -> no guessing needed! ;)
Or call- (866) 206-7986 and update your info with our customer support center.
Sounds good, who am i billing though?? :)
this houseboat is making me sea sick.
Correct answer: Indeed.
Moving and selling a bunch of my stuff. Lets skype tomorrow
& btw Always callin ur girl a bitch means thts all ur capable of holdin down. Stfu & accept tht u cant do any better than that bitch either!
good news Indy Racing is coming back to Auto Club Speedway
#Giro Taylor #Phinney is tough. In bocc' al lupo, you're looking good out there so far pal!
I'm kind of infatuated with 's personal webpage. Easily among the coolest I've ever seen. Minimalism at its best.
Wonderful reading by Glen Retief at tonight's Bluegrass Writers Studio event. THE JACK BANK is Glen's memoir of S. African childhood.
ASU cuts the lead to 7-5 in the 4th on a sac fly. 1 down
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Cauliflower and Mushroom. Sugar-free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Going to massage school you guys. I want to be ready when Tom Cruise ages into his 'Travolta phase'.
I forgot how beautiful full bleed looks on.. everything.
My Name Iz_ Loud Pac Luchi Thats But Of Course Off Tha Very Tips Of My Vocal Cords Said Properly Part Ackwardy Cuz My Presence Iz Unorthidox
I miss you already, gorgeous! Come back! Editing your vid for - you are so awesome on camera!!! Luv you! <3
Its a #blessing to b Back in #Charlotte... made it home safe
Well, I'm estimating. And probably exaggerating a lot.
Been living out of a suit case since pops past. It's time to clean it out & repack. Multitasking watching Kyle XY Season 3.
Also, there is no more stupid day than today to return a book to the Columbia University libraries.
I've decided that for 2012, #pickles are the new
Thanks! We're looking forward to dropping some knowledge on you. :)
Are we talking about Alayzsha....She is awesome and so demanding. lol
the Ghost Inside show is OCT 15th btw! get them fast I only have a few!!
I think that the #B1G had a bad rap since 2006. And you know what Herbie said was run with by everyone south of the Mason-Dixon
RT Uh oh...'s got a BIG surprise for his fans...RETWEET this for a chance at some GIVEAWAYS & GIFTS
pre-1st day of training gluttony? :)
Need Accent Modification services? LAVT is a certified provider of The Compton P-ESL Program! Pronouncing English as a Second Language!
Of course! Thanks for having me. Looking forward to chatting again soon. Hopefully I didn't break your camera.
Karmas caught up to me. Shit. Now image stop worrying about girls, it'll all come into place soon enough.
I need myself a #cirocbitch like
how do you know with out the salary cap# being set?
i was just heading to Chicago. Only 90 minutes, but 90 unproductive minutes, nonetheless.
She went back to Texas May 2.
Just got a shout out and Triumph by Wu-Tang Clan played for me on 90.9....WORD!
Thanks Mitch for the retweet! Hope it will help you and your followers :-) Have an awesome week!!
That is fine I will cease doing so.
and critics argue that this volume of "death" desensitizes players to the reality of death, reality in general.
#womencantresist random flowers on her porch.
'Another indie ad advertiser who cares!' probably would have been more clear as 'Another indie ad advertiser that cares!' :)
love the outline
we should go to Partridge someday &watch a movie.c:
Can't believe this game, Creighton falling every play, and creighton has thrown a punch without an ejection, explanation?
Get Social. Make Money. 9920azsocial.weebly.com
+1 RT Yeah, if Mr Holland's Opus is on, I'm gonna watch it.
So how are you liking being a Hannah in this cultural moment, and am I the 100th person to bring it up?
Gotta follow Latino so I can dm you!!
On the way to work, a bird shit on my arm. Is this good luck?
RT : Today's #ff is a hashtag! #ASTD2012 starting tomorrow, jump into the discussion and attend virtually through social.
we almost went there....love that place too! You guys still hanging out?
follow congratulations on your accomplishment with Landscape Magazine!
I did see the previous tweet. What did I say about ebooks?
It's only the first game -_-
I'm tweetin like a drunk right now. Lls. Just read what I typed.
Be an example & set one for the younger generations...
bummer. Lol. It's hot here too but I like it. Means more dudes in basketball shorts and tank tops or shirtless. Haha.
How do u monetize social media? Best Buy CEO says that is the wrong question.
i hate those words and i hate those words even worse. U must be over the Rockies?
How do you define "rigor"?
What did Shane Battier say on ? Did I hear that right?
Thanks for Following!
Happy New Years everyone!!! 2012 shall be a good one!!!
with you in Sytycd everything will be just perfect! B/c yu the best!!
thanks for the follow. I followed back :)
you mean Joe House, right?
Basorexia- a strong craving or hunger for kissing.
:o I've meet your mommy ?
put on a performance like a bonafide rockstar..so glad I made it # diamondsareforever
ehhh my sister choose the wrong time to leave. im gonna hit so much traffic coming home -___-
New Ink coming soon:D
yay...when I get hone from dining at the smoke shack and yo mama.
no, but hopefully we do :) but it's floor seats and soundcheck :)
Lost another toenail today.. Check my 4square and u might be able to find it. Gross
would be a great member of the cabinet.
Back to NYC.
pssh.. you should ! (x
Awe......I gotta see that there youngin. I know Candice won't let you breathe huh
I'm addicted to twitter -.- facebook was my site tho ☆★☆
Depends. Min. of 1 module but our committee (esp. Assoc. Deans) wanted more up to whole course. Up to each faculty/dept.
really good actually! with 2 of us we've increased to 10% of sales and are in the process of recruiting a few more people!
Ikemen Desu Ne with English translation <-----DO WANT
:) RT : I am number 16 on the A View From My Seat top scorers board, I need to up my score here in the next month.
Chardon BrewWorks Science Night....learning about brook trout tonight!
does that mean watching the UFC fight?
You should ask Margaret Sheil how a journal (e.g. Biography) can go from A* to C in nine months.
what can I say, I've been inspired.
I liked the beginning more than the ending.
Argh. I have to get up and get dressed. And my hair stay soakin wet.
nice seeing you at Harbor House tonight. Thanks for stopping by!
I wonder if Vinny Del Negro is on the hot seat now. #ChokeCity #ClippersWho?
Principle 2: Progression dynamic, ie reward or percentage feedback for loyalty (e.g. many companies with the word "Perk" in their name)
Life, liberty and the pursuit of happyness.
RT : Tom Baxter - The ultimate unintended consequence of hb56: the arrest of two auto industry execs
Yeah, im kinda sheltered lol
omg story of my life!!
« Your pinky is the smallest finger but is capable of holding the biggest secrets.»
really wanted to make sure that I was awake today.
Planned to cook dinner but power outage @ Trader Joes.
In same file where I found Ibsen quote, found a freshman Shakespeare paper which still sounds pretty smart.
Nay RT Question to the Rob fans ....how would you like it if Rob starred in a romantic comedy with Emma Stone? Yay or nay?
DM me and I'll email you the PDF
oh my. Don't stress 2 much. i hope it gets better.
I believe that teachers can have an enormous impact on student learning, even if their students grow up in poverty.
Old friends and old wine and old gold are best.
Hi it's Roxanne hanging out with you till 8pm tonight! Let me know if you want to hear something! Feel free to call the studio 313-298-9630
I couldn't open the link on why we want GE foods labeled. Please Tweet again, thanks :)
a torchy's employee was spraying grackles with ammonia today... :/
we got plenty of gym time for you! Let me know! I can rebound :)
This sun beamin on my face
“: D-Rose will get the start tonight vs. Heat. #MIAvsCHI”
Im ready for the game....#OnWisconsin ...
Filmmaker Emilio Roso will be on my show discussing his new movie -about the ISRAELI MAFIA Wednesday 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
EJ Choe, Suzan Stamper, and I presenting Mobile Technology and the Future of Learning at
The felling of trying so damn hard and getting nothing in return is like making a bowl of cereal and then discovering their is no milk.. Sux
My wife would murder me dead if I went without her.
Another beautiful day @ the Farm!! Come on by for Heavy-Handed Sundays and pick up a four gram eighth! Strain of the day is X Sour D!
Congrats to winners of the 2012 Macy's iHeartRadio Rising Star contest!
just do it no matter where you at!
hey there...
has mastered the art of making over easy eggs. It's a gift.
#IWouldDoAnythingFor french toast. That is all.
tonight was just CRAZY.
. Order online but its pretty expensive, tweeted a recipe you can make too!
"We're better off without Bosh" -every dumb fuck in " #HeatNation"
Congrats on the EVB Live gig and change of scenery. Give ma call to catch up Al Andersen 602-684-9300 Golf Realty Network
Thanks :* ": Oomf is pretty cute <3"
I really hope The Artist acts as a gateway drug for people to check out old silent films. They really are fantastic
Yes I am flooding your TL about #BBW because I am an abuse survivor, I could have taken Tami face out and put in my ex..same anger and rage!
Harry S. Truman was broke and out of work at the age of 38. At the age of 45 he was the most powerful leader in the world.
You're thinking of steroids. Those won't kill you and will make you stronger.
#Reasonstoohatepublictransportation When you feel like an acomplice hearing another persons plot for murder...
Hitched a ride to Chicago w/ and .
Skype meetings are cool but nothing beats a face to face, idea building conversation
Expect the best, be prepare for the worst. Screw what others think & do your thing!
To Peter!! God bless him.
Hey guys on "The First 48" lawyer up you dumb dumbs.
Loving ! Glad to know you both! :-)
Should probably eat more often. Ugh.
eyem running the 100 here in about 4 hours. If a land comes open umma jumpp in the 200 as well
he ate batman
Today could be one of those days you are remembered for. 3 games for the whole damn thing.
hey whats up!
I WANNA SPILL INFO I KNEW THIS WASNT MY SUBJECT BUT IM STARTING NOT TO GIVE A FUCK I TOLD U PEACEFUL PROJECT
DON'T FORGET TO WATCH GLEE TONIGHT #MJOnGlee TRIBUTE TO THE GREATEST ENTERTAINER ON EARTH
Valentine was walking to the mound with a smug smile on his face like it was funny he's getting booed. These Sox fans aren't playing, Bobby.
when I pull off wit sum bread NOW thats a real holla!
This is the last time I'll ever be able to say Happy 18th Birthday <333 I love you.
I honestly didn't know anything about it until mentioned it a bit ago.. I have Kenyon so I'm not sure.
I love you too ;-)
I love :) lol and her whole #ERedCarpet outfit and hair is juss amazing
Completely destroyed having a great thanksgiving digestion party
Many a small thing has been made large by the right kind of advertising
Your never supposed to ever fold. You stand straight up. -MM
Exhausted after all that #MIGC goodness, but it was well worth it.
why is trends empty today?!
Ha, you can go with my wife. Oh...
The March sisters + the Bennett sisters + the traveling pants sisters = still less than Wittmer females
Giving! 100% Profits to Charity. Launch 2011. Beauty's Natural, Inc. beautysntural.com. 100% Pure, All Natural, Vegan Skin/Hair Products.
I feel so guilty...
Review: SQL Server 2012 stands tall
January 23rd is Chinese New Year. Did you know that it has been also known as the "Spring Festival" since the 20th century?
real recognize real!
not too much to ask, but not as easy as it sounds!
Some people just need a pat, on the head, with a hammer.
see thats why shit happens to you, evil ass lol
Cause you'll always be my hero even though you lost your mind<3
laminated 11x17 printouts on a traffic cone with an attached flashy white front light could do the trick for caution signs
I WANNA GO!!
We'd love to chat w/ you about our implementation of Sharepoint. Feel free to DM or email me.
Infinitely more fun on the field than on the sidelines! #lifesnotaspectatorsport ;-)
Thanks for the foll Moll...
PROTIP: Hollerin' at the girl bent over with a latex glove on one hand and a ten-pound bag of dogshit in the other isn't the brightest idea.
you mean to tell me you never had shaving cream fights on Halloween?
is in love with someone ;3 <3
Finally done with homework
Its better to own the racecourse then the race horse – Unknown
Why are you trying to lose weight? You are looking too skinny in all the pics I see. I am kind of concerned about you.
Best wishes for you today. :)
Oh snap. RT : Congrats to Lebron James for getting engaged. His fiance now leads the family with 1 ring.
did you know you look like professor snape from Harry potter in your twitter pic?
At the Miami Justice for Travon Rally.
Love makes us overcome the sense of isolation & separateness, yet it permits us to be ourselves
haha ok!! give us something to talk about:p
Take me to the carnival so I know that it's real.
while i was shopping a girl ran past me shouting 'one direction book' my mum just started laughing at me
Writing down random answers for math because you have an Algebra 1 test book -_-
How to Evaluate Your Child's School - The New American
Our goal is to bring value to the community so we value everyone in the community
Tune in AM 1400 or skinnyhouli.com today to hear my interview w/ Great time taping the show, thanks Guys
Obama lost the last ounce of respect I had for him tonight w/ his b.s. religious talk.
Grace on Mr. Freeze: "Is he, like, Lame Joke Man?"
Follow us !!!!!! Tell all your friends about us & make sure they like our page and follow us as well ;)
I think you should make a music video of why you like not wearing pants in your videos. :3
#Happy Halloween! Time to turn into Fidel Sarcastra and get off to this party.
I'm looking forward to the Season 7 premiere for "24" tonight.
I'll ask her when I go there today!
I like the way you think Tina!
It was great to see you both! Thanks for coming out.
i like singing My Funny Valentine and Stars from Les Miserables. I Think those are my favorites to sing.
Well, they both die in their respective movies and are zombies in #TheAvengers -- but otherwise, you're fine.
My Own Timepiece watches with your fingerprint on it will be available in a variety of styles
When I drink a cup of coffee my brain has more traffic flowing through it than the 101.
Nooschi: Mission Chinese Food, San Francisco
how's my fabulous Aussie friend doing?!!!
tjhey have A's phone!!
burned 298 calories doing 50 minutes of cardio exercises, including "Elliptical Trainer"
please follow back!(:
Bout 2 Do My Homework And Eat.#HoeGoHam.Its Problems Hoe
Norwood Talent Agency Corp!! I pray to work very hard, and to b greatful for all of God's many Blessings!! :)
Lottie's Lounge - featuring zero TV's. Actual people, killer drinks, and delectably affordable food in HI-DEF!
Jealous! Would reply with "doing a puzzle," but have to wait until classes are over. Hope your Thanksgiving was great. :)
My dress Way Too Tight!!!i can't deal
awww that sucks, the link is working for me... I'll DM, maybe it'll work.
Do I want to know what they were?
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket. ~ Andrew Carnegie
Hey can you follow us back so we can DM you please? Thanks!
how are you today, abs?(:
Is "wild rumpus" trending yet?
Careercast says "newspaper reporter" is the 5th worst job of 2012. At least I'm ahead of dairy farmers at No. 2.
A good one to implement might be
Take it to the head'
Check out new Disney Movie "Lemonade mouth"... I'm one of the dancers at the end!
I believe the cold weather and wind has played a huge role thus far.
I hate how I work up strength through the day, but break down at night.</3
some things are better than t.v
Why am I awake? :(
Thanks for following. PokerStars Club: 617331 Invite code: ? City/Country: ? Thanks.
yeah, it's a knife in my heart every time I see it.
truly the Aeneid is my favorite epic.
RT : q3 yes! Cant expect him to listen to me if I dont! James 1:19 >> Amen!
haha same thing kinda :)
ya, theyre probably not coming back any time soon. I wish Patrick would come back though, his solo stuff was great.
Hope you take a trip to #Denver this weekend.....start thinking #golf!
Where are all my Beliebers at??!!
They MIght Be Giants! Getting ready to go on-air on for a live performance...this Friday is getting to be a pretty good one....
Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Surprise Indie Act Ernie Halter At His Show
Hanging out with Caleb building a website for a friend.
A2 We use a local San Diego company called Cooler Email - similar to Constant Contact but cheaper!
I can't wait for baseball :)
Light rail to airport: $2.25
Sure! I don't have any plans for Thurs night & I'm off work Fri. I know just about where that place is too. Sounds fun!
Oh, joy. The forecast for Austin predicts a high of 110 degrees for Saturday. Will someone please do something about this?
I actually really like writing in Evernote with the Bluetooth keyboard..
It's hard out here for a pimp!
hey. Are you still looking for a producer?
“: Just fully stole a parking spot from someone... Am I going to hell? (at )” you just willingly parked in Hell, duh!
THINK AGAIN, YUGIBOY!
“: If you don't hate your industry once in a while, you're not thinking about it enough.”
Yep, you heard right: I was named teacher of the year for the English department. Have to brag a little bit! Stunned still; what an honor.
never have regrets because at one point everything you did in life was exactly what you wanted
I have seven reasons people are not ready when opportunity knocks. Tune into radio this Sunday as I reveal. Don't get left behind!
Save the date! Our annual Open House is scheduled for Oct 6th from 3-6pm. More info to follow soon...
OMG it was the moose .
Sitting outside so my lil brick addict can get her daily dose LOL. I swear I've never seen a dog so happy.
Yay!!!! Welcome to the dark side! ;)
yehh and hes offline for 5 min do u think he sits there and just looks at ppl tweets or wat
Winking is a dying art.
Everyday - Tender 8oz NY strip steak, made to order and served w/ baker or FF, Texas toast, side salad and choice of dressing. $9.95 RT
I don't see myself doing too much tonight, I'm ready to go to bed already
Follow back. :)
What is the best app/site to help you achieve your goals?
I also came out with Jenny Jones! Followed by Ken. Too bad I now live in the wrong country. Go vote Green, Crouty!
Do people like the three point line moved back in college...Seems like years ago but it wasn't? Any thoughts helped hurt or game?
good column! I read everything about the broncos (long time season ticket holder) and this is the 1st I've heard of Garland
Attention men-If u r shorter than 5'9" please don't wear those dress shoes with the pointed toes, which curl up slightly-u look like an elf!
Got you followed! :)
How do you make it all the way to your SENIOR year not knowing how to say a grammatically correct sentence?
did Madison leave?
Does anyone else miss American Horror Story? Miss Tate always crying?
Get down girl don't hate get down.
#FF Thanks, and Happy Easter!
Dantonio's building something solid in EL. Awesome seeing Cousins go out with a win. Proud of both.
Who will be at the David Guetta show February 8th?? Who is getting paid to be there? This guy!
Sitting in a new client meeting. This is the time when we get our #WebDevelopment, #SEO, and #SMM goals inline with the client.
lol u cant tell?
A unified, organized American library system could do a lot of things that individual communities simply cannot tackle.
Thanks for the RT. Big Kisses
Latin Perspective - Latin Jazz posted and audio on PRX
u all need to play some different songs....them song getting Torres.:-(
figures a guy from warren would tweet the best draft info.. former #lordstown here “: Warren - NE Ohio strong
How are you working at subway, and not speak English or know Wth spinach or cucumbers are?!?! GTFOH
Always have an answer to any question...even if you don't know the answer or don't understand the question.
Gotta say the women at WIP are so tall and hot! True model mayhem!
im sure he will love it omg he is sleeping!
Attending the #VA Symposium in Governmental Budgeting and Perf Mgmt today! Looking for some good tips!
#johncarter was a gigantic helping of #cheese. However, it was rather #enjoyable. You just have to be ready to laugh.
Happy Birthday !
Great stuff by Lucroy and Axford on Molina. He whiffed on high fastball for strike 2. Ax may have wanted next one in dirt ... (more)
": This shyt done got serious they knock at my door n shyt" that Gamespitta shit
Well that's awkward . . .
Because if so, the cat's world is NOT a very nice place.
Lazy Sunday with friends and giving Joey a good sendoff. What a great Thanksgiving weekend!!
little known #Oakland facts: what we call East #Oakland was known as Brooklyn until it was annexed by the city in 1909...
RIP Maurice Sendak
Febreezing your feet
U.S.A., U.S.A., U.S.A. ! WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
"Lord, that boy was wild back when wild wasn't wild!" -My aunt Brenda 😂
good morning rachel happy thursday to you
I have a Harry poster next to my bed and yanno its just staring at me..awks
RT : MALIBU'S MOST WANTED!! RT : Bloodbath don't cut him we won't get our money!!!
It's a 7 day a week job, but jeeze I rule! I want 'em al!!!!
Estabrook dog park Saturday afternoon
Why dont you tweet like that to me??? :( jk
that's awesome he's potty trained
Happy π Day! How are you celebrating?
Going to need several red+vodkas to get me through this night
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
YOU KNOW I HAD SWOLLEN GLANDS
For the next 2 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: $1 off any 2 or 4 egg breakfast sandwich!
saved my sleepless/drunk tweets 4 manifest largely in me cuddling her & giggling. Good night & good morning
We're so excited about the New Year that we added ANOTHER class time. Now we'll have class at 7pm, Monday - Thursday! Starts tomorrow.
I need to get a shower now
Who can that person be? ?
Ally B Studio will be at the Chesterton European Market tomorrow! 8am-2pm come stop by!
I'm starting to feel like the Romans had it right ! Take everything by force !
you have no idea how much my ego has deflated in the last 7 hours.
Just got a Cinco de Mayo party invite that starts at 8am. Sounds like a shit show waiting to happen.
no! My tweeps need to know its in zee air
RT "Trade & Tryon closed" #charlotte Looks like BOA protesters marching down Tryon now, w/ police escort
We're heading over now... Not too late to meet us. I'm going to get a scone :)
Hey Mike. I hold a Guitar playing contest sponsored by Hard Rock Cafe. We give away $3000. Trying to make it a monthly event.
Our July In The Rain by He Is We is the best song.
“Mirth can be a major tool for insight, changing “ha-ha” to “aha”!
Tonight is Ladies night The Anchor Bar come in for $3 Wines and $5 Three Olives Vodka drinks all night long.
haha I think that would be awesome!!
I got the moves like Jagr....
Hey what is the April 18 UW Tweeters deal?
And each and every one of those 1190 are Thankful. She's an awesome Tweep. Ya Digg??
152 years old im edward cullens brother...yeah i know crazy right?
Only thing that sems to matter in NFL right now is d applying pressure on qb. Too few good db's to go around.
dinner at El Jaripeo with mi madre for Cinco de Mayo!
Day trip to Philly tomorrow!
had to google dog rocket...ouch! Thanks for the Twitter proof of life
I have been cut loose for another 24 months ... Jury duty complete
there's a first time for everything.
LOL, the sad thing is I'm actually qualified for that. Should I apply?? Change from within!!
you're killing me sweetcheeks
. The gender critique is kind of recent though, yes? Not to say invalid, just not old in DH discourse?
Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd rather just lie around. No contest. ~ Eric Clapton
Who says "I did not like the fact that I had to send the money Paypal and I asked her if I could Western Union the money"
Tara got one but if you have time to scan and send the cover page asap let me know!
lmao I was just messing with u. Do your thang.
? ": I'm looking at a total rewrite on my story here."
sandwiches 4 eva
Joining late, was away - what's the context? You mean Scriven's The Mechanical...? And the dreyfus ref?
We have to value the lives of young girls.
scurry scurry scurry
hw is it goin Manny, def wanna be back this summer!
Well bangs in four goals. What will he do for an encore? What has he done for us lately? :) Player of the week? [Congrats!]
Dawn Weber and Electro Funk Assembly performing live in Red Bar Saturday night. Come join us!
Yep! Lots of people stopping by complaining that I'm tabling Pro I-1183. I like stomping them with facts!
do it! You'll never know unless you ask.
Sometimes the best move is a bold one...I love it when an executive requests an emailing explaing why I am worth a damn
SMOKIN TURKEY LEGS!
When Rachel talks, you shut up.
RT It takes a big person to apologize. It takes an even bigger person to accept an apology. Be big.
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.
back sorry
that is utterly fantastic! yay!
What the fuck? Put your teeth to the curb, 'cause right now I'm gonna stomp your fucking face in (:
Its days like this that make me want to turn away from the computer and sit in a field.. Or At least take a walk around the block.
You have a great day yourself Eugene! :)
$27 so far!
Today's breakfast, crawfish omelette with sausage.
Not the finish I would have booked. Eh, whatever. Punk/Jericho was awesome. Overall, very meh PPV save one match.
Merry Xmas and happy holidays to all of LifeVine Works friends, twitter fans, youth participants, supporters and partners!
A house 150 feet from our dorm just got struck by lightning. Holy balls.
Keep in mind the 14 billion figure is hypothetical in the first place as not all students have a stafford loan.
Class of 2011 enters to Journey's Don't stop believing
I have the biggest crush on Miguel Cotto's wife.
# Believe I want out! I'm so excited, and I want to hear all your songs :) I love you much 1 please follow?:)
hi pat.. guess who ?
Last stop on this tour = Norway - technology avalanche presentation today and then home to my boys tomrorow!
ShoutOut To My New Follower Thanks For The Follow(: Go Follow Her For ME
Interesting morning with IKEA green team. "cleantech products need to be simple & elegant. Simple to buy, install, use"
#xeroxdrupa happy hour starts in 10 mins - come to hall 8b @ #drupa & finish day 3 on a high with live dj & drinks
is killing my playoff pick'em pool!!!
If youre intrested in the genre, make sure you check out Mad Sin, The Creepshow , 7 shot screamers, and The Quakes!
Approximately 17% (or 12.5 million) of children and adolescents aged 2—19 years are obese.
Really enjoying listening to & talkin bout #ECV11. they raised the bar for #eventcamp movement!
The best thing you can do is get good at being you. -Dennis T. Menace
Counting down minutes to drinks and dinner with
passing off untruth about another in which the untruth will harm the reputation of the person (defamation) - more -
any predictions for how many home runs your husband will hit in the World Series
good thing u love bananas
ahaha you call me a bragger because im sharing the fact that im going with my bff to a concert...well im sorry you're to poor to afford it.
You better be doing your work and not hanging up posters
Can I get an answer here? With knee, why not switch him & ? Gabys super athletic & LoMo a 1B Crazy?
Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Hey can you please follow us ! We're a young, up and coming Acapella group from Oakland,CA
Loving my Badgers, 2-0 vs tO$U. Jordan Taylor for
wow, let me climb out of your brain. Ewww.
just finished book one. it's official: I have bought in to the hype.
I just got a fb message from my friend from 6th grade asking if I'd ever thought of hooking up with him??!! Ewww no! Ur still 11, in my head
The Seattle Agile Open conference is in Redmond, not Seattle. Does that only bother people in Seattle?
#smcnsb #networking with milwaukee's elite!
Don't forget to wear your green today!!
maybe yor peeplez should try food like 's? Might be lotz easier on digestive system. You can use milder meatyz
#JustinBieber why must you say "yeah yeah yeah" after every fucking line?
Was the most original Philly female rapper...T.L.C.!!RT : Lisa Lopez
Had a great meeting with the our team and looking to expand our market--woohoo team!
hahaha good one!!!
ah we should watch it soon! Have you seen it before? Is it good?
You're next on the Boston parade list now
Huge congrats man!!!! #AmILateToTheParty??
Impeach Obama 2012! Join The National Campaign!: via
Sister's my new mother, mother.
What she said! RT Student Night Thursday for vs. Iowa. Students get free admission, free pizza, and a t-shirt!
ah you beat me to that
Agreed #MUWBB RT : should be sports enter top 10. Easy.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the Beautiful Women who have had a hand in raising, inspiring and nurturing a child!
how 'bout both? Just cuz you HAVE clean laundry doesn't mean you have to WEAR underwear!!!! ;)
My favorite time of the sporting year !
Thanks Bro, we're working at it! I'm hoping we can bring a lot people this year, it's going to be all sorts of amazing.
I have to be at work in 20 minutes! I'm late! Thank you twitter. :)
if you're coming to Google party tonight I'm with the photo booth. Come say hi.
Just won $60 at poto and now it's time to close out the night with an action movie, some beer, and a hookah.
Elton John tried to mess up my Vampire Weekend, but did not succeed.
Pure Pop for Now People tonight ! Bubblegum, power pop & much much more! All vinyl 10 til close!!
Does anyone wanna get
I do:) @ the National Underground Nashville Tn
Wish my ice pack could stay cold.
LOLOLOLOL. Follwing you now too. Hilarious. Smart. Very bannable material.
Busy afternoon. Spoke with Sunbelt Commissioner Karl Benson, we'll have a story up later tonight!
what part of Texas you going to?
We found love?!
I went to bed thinking he was gone I hope it didn't ruin the recruiting class
Ew the women that are on #MobWives seriously are fucking disgusting and foul. REAL Italian women don't act like that.. sorry!!
UX is more than organized information. IA is just one piece of UX.
I accidently cut myself with a knife once and it went about an inch into my hand. I had a panic attack it was so bad.
Sex is easy ": Workouts shouldn't be easy. Ever."
#educomm #digitalbrand marketing for long term growth, commitments not campaigns
Recorded 3 new scratch tracks last night and just confirmed Capital City Music Fest hosted by !!
Too much Easter chocolate.
I'm beginning to wonder if antm is running out of ideas for the t.v show.
shout out to my mom.
Thanks for the RT ! First beer's on me next time you're in Wisconsin.
Need ideas on how to focus, add more structure to my day. Got tips?
Happy thanksgiving everybody!!!! :) had a great night with lots of food and great company! :)
DULUTH, MN...I HOPE YALL ARE READY FOR TONIGHT! GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU!!!
This is so true about me :)
I just learned of two more Japanese & English speaking programmers in Seattle. Do you know others? Time to get to know each other!
Get yall ass to the SUPPER Club 2night
Film tomorrow night at the museum at 7: a short doc spotlighting Sim Graham, aka Mattress Factory Outlet's gorilla mascot on E. Market.
I'm just saying... find that place where the watermelon grow, dude. Don't stop believing.
So we received a request from the ROT Rally highlighting the fact they have 'midget wrestling'. Is that even legal?
Next, Your cut
Do you remember back when we fell in love in your best friends basement ?
who won in the cosplay contest were an actual high schl AfrAm lesbian couple who loved the series and I gave them half.
I take it you don't have kids?
A&T looking like a block party right now........
Meryl Streep wins again!! I would have been happy with Viola winning too!
youre messing with my head. girl thats what you do best
it was bad cuz u know none of the boyz go here soo :(
Durant for three!!!!!!
its okay./: ugh and I really wanted to meet him
Need a dude who could fuck cook make money right.
I love ya sexy ass,i wanna cuff
Things are coming along....
hahahah it's cool....sounds fun...have fun homie!
Not that I've ever been there, but I've watched enough Monk to know that I would love SF, LOL!
twitter during english....yeah i think so.
I live in NE USA, traveled to KS to watch a game and had a great time. Great atmosphere, great stadium. Thanks
Life is short, art long, opportunity fleeting, experience treacherous, judgment difficult.
Community engagement is also a predictor of (self-perceived) happiness. The more involved one is, the happier one is.
Thanks to the National Football Foundation for recognizing Hopkins Football's 10-0 regular season and trip to the NCAA Playoffs.
Ready to be off work!!! #mow #nap #skyrim #girlfriend :-)
can't wait for chapter 30 :)
Prom time and on a cruise!
I got 2 hours to burn in CHA before we get flying to cancun. beer or coffee?
So based on the latest poll I guess women have decided to wage a war on Obama?
Damn i wanna sleep but i cant...
Age is not an excuse for ignorance.
read someting in ESPN about how stupid the closer role is. Why waste best pitcher on, potentially, worst hitters?
$NCVT: Its very possible we may see .35 cents or higher in a short period of time.
got to get me some
the ring!
And we have another backchannel here on twitter for those taking or just listening in to the NPS #CW2CR training course this week!
Some creepy old lady once told me I look like Davy Jones
U looks pretty!:)
So glad spring break is next week!!! I need this break
Some random number called me & is now texting me. Won't tell me who it is because I "hate" them. Girl, why are you trying to talk to me?
Break out the tissues. It's beautiful but will be a bad allergy day.
yeah the faded orange/pink monstrosity had to go.
Mother Monster, you truly are one amazing woman thank you for all you have done for us little monsters paws up always <3
Need progress updates from the county, and options on how we can get the plan moved faster. Everyone's not on the same page.
My Fucking Boyfriend is the new My Boyfriend Is English.
#usher #cought up is in #my #head :) Cereal Bowles
This Saturday...introducing Purpke Door's Raspberry Green Tea ice cream made with ! Great springtime flavor!
Happy #Superbowl Sunday. Since the #bears aren’t playing….who are you cheering for?
I won't cry for you. I won't cruxify the things you do. When you're gone ill still be
ILoveYou❤c: How Was Your Day?
why do english people call girls 'birds' wtf
you chillin with us tomorrow?!
you'll get there in your own time.
The Search Agency Continues International Growth With Canadian Acquisition
Some things just make you feel very, very old.
#FF Festival w/fully improvised narrative works, plays & characters on the spot! #improv films, jams, more! 3/23-27, Midtown
I'm fine How many times have you said that line When you know it's a lie Telling everyone to go away
Boiii i been said i was gone wash clothes but an't touched them hoes yet..shi! ion feel like it!
Browsing recipes to make this week. I can't help but scoff at recipes that suggest jalapenos without ribs or seeds. Pshaw. Spice me!
My horoscope has me intrigued... #WhoIsShe???
Sure hope so! Thanks for the great link.
Glad 2 hear u liked them! We r rockin forward quickly! RT : can't wait 4 the heels. They were quite lovely at WSA!
Haha!! Only if you want to max out your sugar, fat & calorie intake all in one swoop! I love your posts--they make me giggle!
If it was easy, everyone would do it.
Got our first fresh brussel sprouts at the farmer's market!
Ump I'll be thirsty w/ someone else then .
I'm wearing my Hawkeye shirt today 😊😍
Testing feature
thanks for playing us on your podcast!
I am actually ashamed to belong to the same species as
Fab Design Tip: How much contrast do you want? The more contrast in color and in light and dark, it creates a more energetic feel.
I got a feeling the clippers wanna celebrate tonight after their win!!! Hit me up for Glist!
i swear bro!
BTW, if you were curious what spurred that, I needed to comment "The chickadee is the hibernal form of the phoenix."
Thanks for the shout out! Hope we get to see in for Cinco de Mayo!
Done with homework now writing babe a note like he is always wanting me to . (; <3
Beautiful day in San Diego and busy day at Ameba. Life is good!
#ff The Supremium Crew! Gonna be a hilarious time again on Sunday!
plague! I won't be at nscoder. Keeping my germs all to myself. (greedy)
i wonder who
finally figured I'm on the frontline of change and now starting to act like it. So, I'm changing myself I guess. :)
you need a picture on here! :P
I DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT TO SAY MAN.
We are at your front door for house warming party and your phone isn't going through. Can't get in.
picks than many other GMs have gotten with Top 10 picks, year in and year out.
At the freakiest beach house right now. Straight out of "Cribs" . Too bad it's pouring rain:( Más margaritas para mi!
No more appointments available for the week. Please call Monday morning to schedule your
sup bro
okay dont ask and not expect professionalism
you know the song Iris, right?
Aulie may be behind in the depth chart, but you're fighting for a playoff spot with a team you just directly improved
Good riddance and quit bugging us...
Chile Relleno Friday Huge Pablano pepper filled with grilled chicken, veggies,mozz.cheese and lighty crisped. Only while they last!!
Willam's serving 5 o'clock shadow realness.
Puerto Rican and Cuban rum becomes dominant in 19th c when continuous stills are the norm... Hence a smoother, softer, milder rum
Yep, we need this one. big time.
Follow me n i'll follow bck tryn to c how u do twitter
Running into a guy you used to date while in the checkout line immediately after the gym is always fun. always.
RIP Steve Jobs..and thanks for the easy computer...best invention of the century next to the car.
turnt da fuck up early in da morn with that #drank in my cup!!
“: I need some advice.” not really..
Lol, :( okay let me rephrase that, "Alright i hope so" hahaha.
Alaska friends, military friends, please join our conversation about the future of the military in Alaska. Use
can you follow me?(:
Are we done worrying about Joey Votto's lack of power?
New original is finished! Gonna debut it to tonights gig!
Big ups to the WizardCon organizers for inviting me to their series of conventions! I am flattered & honored- see u @ PhillyWizardCon soon!
Don't forget our free Happy Hour menu items (Chef's Choice) daily 5 to 8.
Chris thanks for the mention! I am in Sachem! I am sending you a direct message right now.
This is it man. Done with school for 3 months. Time 2 b lazy n fat
#TVD retweet if you love it!!
I have poppet lite and am sharing it with teachers. What do you think about the full version?
thats awesome lockdown will be locking ppl down in college! We should celebrate by playing pickup games. Lol
Follow back please? ~
ngl if i lived in cali i'd do the same exact thing does. I'm actually super jealous. especially and !
The type of week you will have all depends on you!
Answers to concerns 1.Address cover letters to the internship committee. 2. The CL should tell us why you should be accepted to the program.
Rooney Mara's real name is Patricia "Trisha" Rooney Mara
I would guess running backs.
whoop whoop on a Friday!
I've died millions of times in my dreams.
i''l tweet u all day but plzzz follow back dnt be soo meab:*(
Hey, Paris Please Follow Me Plz !(: I Love you!(: n/h
Okay, ok - u wait until this time to start blasting your music???
LET'S GO. 2:17 left
Just spit out my grape drank. ;)
Damn I feel like a Running back trying to break these tourists out of my way. Damn tourist.
Love it when Mariano makes it look so easy with a six pitch save
Sesame chicken works great for me.
very cute!
In "real estate social media Gurus" talk at
The thunder look good but after the way Mamba played last night. Can't count them out.
Celebrating with #WashingtonParkPartners in their Roll Out Festivities. We're watching Milwaukee neighborhoods get better and better!
LMAO @ people starting shit with me cause I have opinions.
im pretty sure every hispanic kid grew up with them hhaha
It's the night before Industry Showcase. Do you know where your scene partner is? #MFA #actor problems
Myy favorite song of 2011 is "Put Em Up"
sues Keep It Moving Auto, a Cleveland and Streetsboro used car lot, over its finance agreements with consumers
I'm excited to see Think Like a Man...looks like it'll be Hilarious!
Your mother is gorgeous!
. says: "Everywhere I go I think I see Kathleen Falk."
I can't take back the words I never said....
My tech table is gone, that means I'm done right?
Happy Bday! : D
CANT WAIT FOR TONIGHTS PARTY AT JUICY !!!
Bagel with blueberry cream cheese
I wish Hubie Brown would come back and coach
plotting an unofficial foray into liaison librarian territory. #librarians, thoughts on entry points into untouched academic departments?
#thebestpartofthedaywas seeing him
John Menard's net worth is $4.9 billion! How bout throwing some of that loose coin this away, John.
Good question. We'll figure out a game to watch soon.
Dubuque, Iowa Feb 9th we will be in your town!!!
vanessa did they Puy something in myh hair?
Working hard on my finals, I will be relieved when I am done with this semester.
Emma Green (COL'12 ) will share Religion & Democracy: A Conversation with Tocqueville, Weber, and Habermas
Questions can be tailored to whom is playing: kids, teens, or adults. Prizes too: T-shirts or hats or dinners, etc.
your tweets. A++
#NYE gig has begun. 2011 here we come!
N finally leaving town
i have a bottle of wine in my purse *high five* it's people like us that keep twitpic.com in business ;)
If there was a tomato soup truck to go with I'd abandon my home and just follow them around like a comfort food gypsy
you make me cry
Airstrip... we are getting this or something really similar next month #mlamobiletech gr8 for ob & neonatal
You don't have to be #vegetarian or #vegan to LOVE #Chicago AUGUST 11&12 #Naperville #Illinois 630-955-1200
Check eBay's completed items search to see if one has sold--that's the best indicator.
thanks you too :)
Ha ha ha it came up at lunch w a gal friend - husbands snore and keep us women awake!
Thanks Pastor Matt! :)
RT : "The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek." Joseph Campbell
CSCDC director here, eagerly awaiting start of the Berkeley Orphan Works Symposium, follow at
Wanting taco bell and listening to
it's all good:) it ain't that serious. Lol
“: People make time for what they wanna make time for.”
RT : Today, on National Teacher Day, thank you to all teachers for their dedication. #thankateacher // Amen to that!
get on facebook!
I demand Brandon Jacob close ups during every #Cowboys touchdown.
DON'T FORGET: LOCAL LA!!! RT : Game 6 #Clippers #Grizzlies will air on KCOP Ch. 13 Friday starting with #ClippersLive at 5pm!
thank you...its been a long day....
GO TO SLEEP OLD MAN !!! IT TOO EARLY IN THE MORNING FOR YOU
Ash Wednesday. #Catholic. No facebook for 40 days..
yes, I'm on facebook
Thanks so much for the RT. Hope you made it over for the tasting!
Top 5 1970s luxury options missing today
not you though Big Money ;)
One colleague said "I won't put my PowerPoints online. Sts might look at them in advance!"
Look At My Bitch, You Lookin The Wrong Way..
#EWOpinion Talking back to teachers is discouraged shares what he wanted to say as a kid edweek.org/ew/articles/20…
do u ever wana go back to real school? cus i went today and it was boring...ha
Free Seminar Series for parents and caregivers of children with #autism. Tonight's speaker is Dr. Jane Yip, PhD Neuropharmacology,...
Today's daily email from Amazon suggested I might like "Green Eggs and Ham"...Sam I am.
All in all SHITTY ASS MONDAY!!! Top it off yanks loose...
productive! I could have used an extra hour of sleep, but I guess that's why they make coffee :)
awesome! good one James
are you in SA?
The word penetration <<< makes me laugh
I know the general perception is that Casey Anothony was guilty, but bottom line is, Prosecution didn't prove it, good job Jury! Right Call
Alcohol and strip club lol
Betcha didn't know Mini Burger Truck is a vendor at the Concerts tonight! RT : see you tonight at caesar chavez park
that's funny!! My husband says I MADE him suffer through that movie...like you wouldn't WANT to watch it! Lol
Thank you for your prayers this morning! What an anointing & presence of God on the call!
what percent of brothel owners overseas are run by women?
Its destiny is either to be a gigantic sustainable entrepreneurial success OR a D-rate fast food joint in a strip mall
Thunder are now up 2-0 on Lakers. Ever thought about being an NBA commentator?
what did you get
Mine's back! I was not a happy camper with that one.
Boston cream pie yum:)
- TY for the RT. It's such a lovely quote!
8 deaths for every 10,000 emergency room visits. Failure?
Which room is rocking right now? wheres the fun-times at? Give your fav room a shout out below.
Back to work....
Last day for our #yelp and #foursquare offer! Check In Lunch or Dinner and receive a Free glass of Mango Lassi!
No you didn't have to stoop so low I guess that I don't need that though Now you're just somebody that I used to know #Gotye #beautiful 🎧👍
I should have taken the over for the Flyers and Penguins game.
Are you going tomorrow with your family?
I feel lazy as hell at work tonight
You’re in luck.......... Home sweet home......... 7575 Linda Vista Rd SD 92111
Happy Leap Year! Treat yourself to a glass of wine today at lunch! Once every 4 years doesn't sound bad to us!
it makes you a #HotMess2012 nominee!!!
PIZZA OF THE WEEK - Taco Pizza: Pinto Beans Base, Seasoned Ground Beef, Pepperjack and Cheddar Cheese Topped w/ Pico de Gallo & Lettuce!
I am looking forward to catching up with you and Jono! Let me know when you want to meet up.
we have an erberts and gerberts now?!
#PLUSHDAMENTALS! I am really enjoying watching the Brewers from the couch for once.
Friday Art Walk/Spring Art Hop is underway #inBend – come by the shop between 6–8 to meet our April artist, Hannah Keller, and see her work!
Aint nobody really told me whats life like, crazy young need too settle down nice wife, I get the picture but aint no body snapping,They ...
Watching season two of Bored to Death on hbo. Jonathan Ames is awesome.
So I woke up late this morning because my whole neihborhood's power went out and then I look out on my patio and see that a bird was killed!
part 6 is up! ull really like this part!
- hard to say. none of my colleagues have it yet so I really haven't put it to good use.
Oh, I like!
Excatly! We might even create a civilization just like theirs and use their methods for survival.
morning twitterville! everyone doing ok this morning?
This was the game the Pacers should've stolen...Miami will be locked in on Game 2 to go up 2-0 in the series
It's Hunger Games day! Oh how exciting!
Is it not time for adjuncts at last to unionize? ?
New ‘Men in Black 3′ Set Photos Reveal Rick Baker’s Retro Aliens via
Dynamic, inspiring speech by Carlos Salman Gonzalez on Mexican government cartography at
Keep April 21st open at noon, & look for more details about our location. Plan to meet near Charleston & Rainbow!
Strange that wants to oust a guy who wants an independent review of its finances. Someone doth protest too much.
I'm really inspired to shoot today, but don't have any models! Saving ideas for later I suppose.
#ThingsILookFor is my mom's belts when I know I'm in deep shit...like now
I'm eating haribo gummy bears. jealous? I'll save you some if you want;)
Hey I'm behind the wheel for Fox 6 News at 11! We're updating several stories from overnight. Tune in, see you starting now!
Sumatran sold out too! Trying to get more ordered soon.
Learned a valuable lesson today.UV Rays are most powerful when it's cloudy.Decided not to wear sunscreen at the beach because it was cloudy.
HELL YES!!!! We'll see you in DC Monday night!
Shut up, Gandhi.
There's a little logic. :) I bring it so I can call for help.
I have everyday
We hired a new hostess today and of course all the young men on staff are eager to help train her. Little vultures!
Go Pats!!!
difficult 4them to win as they quickly learned. Dont know how im gana b able to wait another month for next one though...
I wonder if there boys that doesn't sag still exist?
i need a new ringtone.....suggestions??.
Can them (of course) blanched with lemon brine :). Then I share with all my pals!
IM DOING IT NOW RT : put another one on Miami
Pbr is a good one :)
Why is it as soon as i get in the bed i cant sleep bv when its time to get ready for work im ready to sleep like a baby
Who else has no money to pay their rent this month?
Life=You
Mesa snowed haha but to My Philly friends it was not anything as bad as that blizzard u guys had last week
Waking up realizing I've got 3 finals today... But they're my LAST finals lol :D
LOL the pics are not helping (need coffee). Very nice! Time for some chocolate mousse at 2AM then. Nice tweeting w/ you, again! :)
": Earl Scruggs, the most important banjo player who ever lived, has passed on." Glad I got to see him perform in person!
GW bridge funding is okay
need experience or paying job? To help me look 4 u :-)
Have you tried Budokon Yoga yet? Come enjoy it today at 2pm with Paige in South Miami!
Happy birthday! Hope you have a good one!
DNS.com users love our unlimited domains, unlimited records, DNS geotargeting, 24/7 live support, and powerful API.
follow me back? :P <3
I have so many deeply negative things to say about Baltimore. I want to put them on twitter, but feel I would only engender bad will.
be honest, were you mad giving up number 3,000 to Jeter??
I'll never forget the first time we met -- although, I'll keep trying.
Idk if nervous is the word for the way I feel right now.. this is cray, within the next 2 hours I'll be waiting in line for the #X-Factor!
haha it's definitely possible! Apparently she never liked Klaus, or she was scared of him or whatever :O
And besides he obviously is somewhere you're not.
You know I don't speak Mexican!!!!!
um I like city tavern on 13th btwn 5th and university. Are we doing a dinner or just dinks?
Good luck this weekend!
Heyy I heard you like the wild ones
ok first question was that your mom who walked through the door
#mockingbird excellent
How stoked? Way!
#600 - s/o to everyone's future accomplishments
Okay so I cant see my mentions...and I forgot who I talked to a week ago....im sad.
4 Ways Timberland Will Halve Its Carbon Footprint by 2015
No sweep! Finally Melo stopped smiling an played ball!
I'm just neutral about this whole thing, I'm not picking a side
Can someone go marry the cell phone towers so they stop going down?
well that's too bad. We'll definitely catch some games throughout summer.
I am a FAN of "frustrated"!
yes it's getting exciting establishing the connections
The only thing hard about this business is my abs!! ~ Matt
Interesting ...that's for sure. :) RT : How are you finding social trend analysis?
above the influence my ass
#4FamousWords Stay Out If It
Hey! It's #FF We welcome our new intern
Our upstairs is uninhabitable. I.N.F.E.R.N.O. Any recommendations on good A/C systems for 2 level MKE homes?????
Ok, Hal! RT : #UsGuys I am that guy......If You were paying attention, THIS, is a "non-issue". Friends, Shall we play a...
Yes. It also goes live online at 8 pm tonight. Although they sometimes post them earlier.
we're so happy to be part of the linkshare network!
No one even pays attention in this class lol
Such a stressful game today. Thank god they pulled through by 1. Go CATS. Love you UK
Hey, give me a break: last night was my first-ever tweet! I need to get some new professional pics taken.
Jay Friedman of #AudibleMagic says: we're tagging music in the BG of old TV shows to create "commerce experiances."
#JMS: Turn summer internship rejection into a positive. Ask for specifics on how you can improve for next time. Then improve. Reapply.
Thank you so much for the nice message :))
Im gagging over the Lady Gagathon!
thanks for the love!
watching bigie behind the music
“ I would like to see art that highlights health inequalities and draws a line in the sand. #s4pm” yes
Houston Home & Garden Market opens this Friday,2pm @ George R Brown Conv Center! From windows & doors, to ceilings and floors!
