You'll soon be able to fly non-stop from PDX to Reagan National in D-C. fills us in on at 6:30pm.
Dear 2nd Amendment fetishists: Today is a proud day for you, no doubt. Using a gun to make a political statement is so effective. Idiots.
Secretary Wilkins - you are a dedicated leader! Thank you!
Planking is so 2011.
your my butterfly sugar baby... Sry had to do it
Of course, there is no mention of the lack of job opportunities for poor #Julia because of U.S. having the world's highest corporate taxes
Yes! D: Just to experience and see the wonderful performers play. The 99' Woodstock was nothing like the 69'.
miss youu too!
Whats for Lunch?
Enjoy, those things are hard to get!
Once again sorry": Oh k. Noprob RT : Sorry I'm fault send :D : what?"
I kept seeing the ads in comics and saw a trailer. Thought Tracy would like it.
Watching South Park with Viggle Tue | 12:01AM | Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Eminem? Who wants to see living people after that Tupac shit? Cameos from dead people is the hot shit now.
anytime u fix the biggest ass dinner and everyone decide oh we change our mind lol i say this fuck fam
looking forward to meeting you on the 30th. ATX
4 hours of #Church on CNN & Fox today, Remembering #Whitney We all struggle at times to receive God's grace, some more public than others.
ME BE Helper in your group
Watching We Bought A Zoo :)
Thanksgiving Day Race tomorrow
There is nothing wrong with love its a natural feeling of positive emotion
The BEST thing about Jesus-Burger is that I'll totally be able to get to be the spokesperson because he'll be needing a job!
wanna get paid they say crime pays
Where is the Voter ID I'm a 100% Mail-In Ballot? Your mailing address? Your siniture? The Felony warning for falsifying? WTH!
I hate this
Lmao!! RT : Oh, you want a dude that makes over 100k and is over 6'3 ?! Well, people in hell want ice water..
please follow me? Your amazing!
..hey you
super jealous ur goin to the game by the way...totally not fair
We Found Love is crazy and i love it ! Do you love it ,to ?
Says the violence has touched every district in this city.
Thanks, I thought it was pretty funny when I heard it too. Planning on using it myself.
everything begins with a thought.... cultivate them... write them down.... make a list... and DO..... NO LIMITS
I guess the normal mega millions jackpot isn't enough!
#InstantTurnOn if she rolls up widout even askn u :)
Getting closer to announcing the itinerary for the Irish Ancestry Group Tour.
Me neither. american idol is kind of horrible compared to the other ones. xD
Derby State of mind
What is your favorite holiday tradition?
And the Winterhawks season in ovah
what's good?
When you need juice, you need juice! Thank for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
did I make u giggle? ;)
Well today started off good then got worse, but aye it is what it is! Gonna have to start making this better for Shaquon
Watching a show on broadcast tv - ug. what is this, 1995? What do you mean there's no fast forward?
Watch for bad apples: slackers, jerks and pessimists
I'm feeling pretty good. Hvn a lazy Sunday, which is always nice.
The only thing gettin me out of bed this morning is the fact that I'm graduating next month.
VINNY since Ur on can u plz follow me u inspire my lil 4year old sister and my 6year old bro he started dancing at 5 plz :)
We promise it's tasty ;)
Welcome to Twitter! I checked out your photography site, and it looks really good. Hope everything's going great!
it was a good game except the foul ratio at the end. So it's whatever they won and fought hard so it's not a big deal.
: I thought I was the only one feeling like that!
Thanks for all the new adds, you have been added as well. Hope everyone had a great day today. Time for some reading, and then bed.
We tried, indeed we did!
"At least I don't live with my parents."
Signing an offer letter.
I'm speechless. I'm glad no innocent bystanders were hurt.
- I love this idea. Sometimes the "old" books are forgotten.
THEN I'll listen to all of the songs and it will be amazing. ❤🎶
hey! Can you let your listeners know we have 100s of new gowns at the Cheltenham Mall in Philly! Thanks for the support!
$50,000 + in lawyer fees........he's guilty and no charges have even been filed yet.
#GreatestFilms Annie Hall, Memento, Citizen Kane, To Kill A Mockingbird, The Godfather, Vertigo. 2001: A Space Odyssey, Some Like It Hot
not playing but he will be there with another hopeful transfer an O. L. who started at md. obrian still in school dude.
ATTENTION WHITE PEOPLE: Rangers Capitals are going to double OT.
Ticketmaster allows you to purchase ticket insurance for $7.
Where is the best place to ride a Jetski in New Jersey?
Love me some Le'Andria and Fantasia!! My God! My God
yeah this is fucked for any franco. it interprets the numbers as numbers :/
your welcome :)
Are you sleeping?" "No... I always get into bed every night and just pretend I'm dead...
the movie??
so is Applebee's, but not nearly as enjoyable.
I'm giving you my heart, just love me in return is all I ask.
You would hate on Flight of the Conchords, you inbred fuck. Can't wait to see you!
A lion does not concern himself with the opinions of a sheep.
Check out our free home safety video targeted toward Moms and their family: www.safemoms.org
Damn whats for breakfast?!
This week's featured vendor is our Homebrew Supply Sponsor, ! RT if you're ready to try their brew!
. Thank you for allowing me to share with the tribe!
Turns out I am pretty awesome with a teleprompter!
Thank you! RT : How awesome. I am definitely inspired. Keep up the good work, y'all!
In my wicked bizarre head, fellow Austinite is my best friend and we drink martinis all day & shame everyone that walks by.
Cant wait for the Show!!!! Hope you are working on a sign or T-shirt to win that guitar!!!
it's perfect! :)
K. Medicine time.
The new album passed the girlfriend test... I am relieved.
has your product ever worked on a Porsche 996?
I love that show, too! I watch it every week with my gram.
YES oh well giant eagle is more dependable
good Easter, ate alot and saw family
Thank you! :)
Very true;) RT : Of course. Wouldn't be Miami without a DJ
obvi none silly!!!!!
It's a damn shame what they did to that dog. RT : Yo rents due mutha fucka!! And don't try that fallin down the stairs shit!!
“: Fuck Off Ma TL Wit All Dis Basketball Talk!” Go To Bed Then
not even @ work yet & already I'm ready to go home
I'm gonna shave off the soul patch! Good news is it can always grow back in a couple of days! :)
all i do is write and record. haha.
they ask me all the time why do black men smoke weed it's the only thing that keeps us sane
Manuel Herrera and Jessica Phillips. Do I win?
The top mobile app operating systems are Android and iOS
hahah oh wow!
tickets to: Spiderman - Turn off the Lights, Fly over the audience, Crash into the Wall - better wear a hard-hat
When did it become acceptable to start making threats via twitter?
would've loved to hear that! Awesome.
Always ready for a #WW ;-)
ugh, twitter is gonna get shot
It is 60 social workers and nurses in this training and only 6 are males.....
I know that it is "closed to the public", but wasn't sure if there were ever special opportunities.
Redesigning your office? A legal-themed chess set would be perfect!!!
Well, I guess since it IS your birthday... *sigh* RT : You going to be the DD tomorrow for my birthday??!? Please? <3
Boy has pburg changed
They better not be done with trades...either that or K-Rod will look funny playing SS
I have been neglecting you, Twitter. You can thank for getting me back into it.
Yeesssssssss!!! knows you're an awesome person to win!
follow me to learn more about the special growth products I have called Complete Length
Giants to the Super Bowl? Will be a great weekend event. Can't wait.
Birthday lunch !! Why? 'cuz it's the best lunch place in town!!
Just started one of my readers with Dragonsong!! Can't tell you how many hours of my life spent on Pern.
“: The Spurs are not calmly beating down the Clippers anymore....they are now beating them down with blunt force lol. #NBA.”
V100 All-Request Cafe at Noon today. Listen to win a nice prize from the Purple Onion or WV Marketplace today!
McDonald's when your drunk is like getting a car on Christmas
Jump starting my personal marketing! Email is so easy...but so passive.
I just said this! Can't complain, though. I'm the only one of the crew who doesn't have to go work in the AM.
Oh...my... It's a good thing the ladies like the double As? ;)
upper respiratory infection here. Went to work for a bit and the dr other than that stuck at home.
Love the fact that is feeling the same way I'm feeling...but I'm the one that did the crying :'-)
at school alone cause i cant find :'(
Thanks for organizing the #ArabTech event & special Thanks to the panelists
No cuts in town? Wtf.....
my favorite person in that show is currently Da. But favorite song is, still is, Lies
school today. only two more classes after this and then im done with the semester!
Sponsorship of Manchester City Football Club will move from Umbro to Nike at the start of the 2013/2014 season.
welcome to Twitter
what the heck does that mean?!
I really dnt knw.. I hope so.
Graduating with a bachelors in criminal justice and just added a #minor in sociology.. Alright alright
thought it would go anywhere.
God I hate the wind! All my cats stuff has been blown to Oz. My house is freezing. Blargh. I'm huddling under the covers.
With all the spider grub outside in yard, why did it squeeze in between screen & window?
Not. Feeling. It.
Ahh a beautifull day for disc golf
AYE Follow Me Please i Did What You Wanted
What a game
Ha, I know. I'm doing a twitlonger about my life as an Arianator :D ♥ ♥Bretana♥
Line from a hs writer w/ : I dream that I can do a kick-flip over seven steps #theworldneeds more
Maybe I was writing a damn #basketballpoem? Now I'm writing a damn
oh crap - a lucie / 'rena semi? Sigh. Lucie may backslide to 3rd grade. Sigh.
Somebody crack a winder in this trailer bathroom I'm about to die!!
Sometimes you have to tell yourself, "I am the best"
ouch. How are your seat neighbors??
The only time I procrastinate is when I have a writing deadline looming... But once I start writing I could go on for days and days...
YES ME TOO!
if its anything like the last time I was gone this long, I'll have furry magnets for a few days
is my favorite golfer coming to #CLASSIC this year? Would love to see you!
Hyped up <3 Powers of Accomplishment IGNITED!! Livin the Attitude~ ;)
Off to check out rings, and then to have Thai food with friends.
Watch this thing on Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the pass could be different"
Jenga&Juice this thursday happy hour at MOE BAR. 5pm. its gonna be raining so get your ass to the bar!
Now that is what I am talking about....You are classic...and a Hawks fan..can you get any better ; )
RT that's the way to go! : Watching classic CM Punk matches. No better way to spend a Sunday.
Same thing happened on my fridg, didn't start a fire though, just wouldn't keep cold. Over $400 to change out a $20 switch.
Love it when does a story on rap.
okay, whatever,, and why do you think i care if its about will or not.
“: If only a machine could combine all four republican candidates together then one giant man could lose to Obama.”
Wow Gunners are falling apart
Hard to complain about great wine, great people & 80's music. Thanks !
what's wrong
It's about time to
2 Ariana I Love U!Tweet Me!I <3 Ur Song Put Ur Hearts Up!U/Me Have Same Tweets I Have 19.5K U Have 19.4K Tweets
o wow lol it's ok
We can all be relieved that POTUS won't be the shunned outcast in the corner at George Clooney's party tomorrow night.
Attn: RT : I think raisins go with just about anything.
fuck haters…just putting it out there
because men work 100% more.
I just couldn't Kat. I turned it off at the beginning. It was giving me a headache.
Thank you! (:
Been writing a couple of articles as I get the chance to. Will be done w/ them soon & will post. Need to add to & edit them a bit. Later!
I can NOT wait to meet my fellow Guidette in Staten Island!! HeeHee! Xo
dear GRRM, 1995 called and would like its web design back
TRAFFIC ALERT: Head on crash with injuries at Hwy. 51 and Gray in the Town of Windsor. SB 51 closed at Vinburn. Use alternate route.
So what you're saying is they are very much like grown men?
Hell yeah. when is school over for you?
kiss my ass
nope! i have no idea what it is about. i guess i live under a rock??
I know. I just thought it was odd xD
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all da mothers out there from UPC! Enjoy ya'll day!!
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. -Dale Carnegie
is he packing?
oh hey, you lil baby tweeter
"The solution of the problem of life is seen in the vanishing of this problem."
also to the lady who wanted a longer set: we've got one more song up our sleeves so it will happen.
“: It's still #LakerNation fuck OKC I been there the women are ugly so they could never be winners goodnight!!!”
you moving here? If so, when? I'll be back at CUNY in the end.
Go Eagles!
Thoughts and prayers to Keifer & Shawna of Shawna's dad "Mickey" McIlwain has passed away.
I gotta wake up too a blowjob every morning
I miss my fav sister
Haha its okay I didn't know if it was you until I looked a second time I forgot you died your hair
Thanks for stopping in @ Diamonds & Pearls Couture (Buckhead)
Lawd I'm trying my best to let this couch go but.....
Ok I see ya puttin my life on blast mode on twitter lol
aww that's so cute
Absolutely! Thanks for a sunny greeting and have a great day!
And I mean "believes" her in the sense that he may not have challenged inconsistencies with the evidence KNOWN to exist.
Well whaddya' know---another sale just made my How To Pitch class! Plus, we're building some serious horizontal loyalty.
DealShow is live right now! Go check it out: www.dealshow.com
Y do everyone keep tellin me to whoop my kids???
ridiculous and hilarious! If only they just played their first album and nothing else, this wouldn't have happened.
happy birthday :)))
Put all this together -- and you get the sounds of
Are you hot and sweaty?
And congrats back, We're crossing out fingers for 6!
hey!! it's beeh a while...how have you been?
I can promise it's organic, but I'm not sure about fat free.
your movie is amazing!! <3<3
NOT ALWAYS THERE WEN U CALL BUT I'M ALWAYS I ONTIME. ASHANTI.
he is dreamier
I'm in high school, I think I'm to old for u
Finna lay down & take a nap before heading to Nebraska
I am not going to believe that Junior Seau is dead until national news outlets report it. Haven't seen anything official yet.
I always feel bad when I have to vote for my fellow faculty members to be on committees...
Max, from Orlando-FL God bless you. You have been such a great inspiration for my spiritual life. Hope one day meet you in person
Sun burn on yer back were you cant lay down without hurting <<<<<<
Reggie Evans deserves a bonus man. This freakin guy has been key.
thanks a million man!
I hate that I sleep all day and then get really hungry at night when there's nothing to eat. I just want some jamaican food!
your cut off
That's great that you had such an awesome orgasm, but if you really want to thank me, tell as many people as possible about this. Thanks!
If its made in north carolina, dont buy it!!! Gays have money...lets not send it their way fuck those homo hating dickholes
hey hey! Haven't seen you in forever!
I feel like I'm really being allowed to connect with the characters by watching every mundane, pointless task they have to do.
..The heart already knows What the mind can only dream of. Trust your heart :)
Lik eBush never took a vacation hu?? like 3 years worth of vacation time...when did bush ever lead??
Congrats!! : woot woot! See us at Milwaukee on May 10th at the Harley Museum!
good well I bled orange and black. Getting the old school logo as my first tattoo for my 30th. Keep rockin my dude
How sexy of an upset pick is uconn over Syracuse? I feel like everyone will be calling this one
finally all this brett favre garbage can be put to rest. he is done, now hang em up. we r all sick of your act
Let's play a game called "You know you've got a roommate when..." You NEVER cook, but you're ALWAYS emptying the dishwasher.
Good Luck......remember black men and drugs just don"t go together> haha
Apparently estival & hibernal. Who knew!?
where are you? I'm at a public hearing in Chula Vista?
Me and my moms texts messages <3
happy birthday !(:
LMFAO I love you too babe
#100grand buys a lot of Jetski's ...Wake A Deal Wednesday!
All of our tacos for just $1 each? Yes! Use cardcase to pay! Get the app!
Happy, happy birthday, Trisha!! Hope your day is stinkin' amazing!
Behind every beautiful girl, there is a stupid guy who did her wrong and made her strong
I have five meetings today. Three of them are pre-meeting meetings. Ugh...
We go beat'em by 50!! #HEAT HATERS! #
i officially give up on trying to get your attention its ACTUALLY IMPOSSIBLE
nd I can't STOP thanking u enough 4 lifting me up nd takin time out ur day 2 do so. I appreciate dat A LOT!
Congrats on all of Future Legends success. You guys are doing big things!
Nothing like football and party platters to bring friends together. :)
nm just so bored rite now
I am a Foodie at heart with a focus on #healthyeating. #Savor looks like a can't miss event.
it's not me.
what you doin
Thank you for your RT. We had a blast today with Miss Susan in
At work bored and my eyes hurt really bad. Im not having a good time right now
Welcome David! Thanks for your support! :)
I'm not going to let anyone control my moods anymore...they're not worth it
Happy birthday to my sweet bud
Gays up for execution in Iran? Horrifying. Islamophobic fear-mongering via anti-Sharia Bill in KS? Also bad. Both based in fear of the other
After the #Easter Parade on 5th Ave today, come in and see our exhibition, "It's the Political Economy, Stupid" FREE 10AM - 6PM!
Crazy morning of racing at Great finish
Obstacles are the things we see when we take our eyes off our goals. -Zig Ziglar
happy b-day
Just hired an Account Executive for my company. Growing like crazy!
You should always stop by RT Every time I pass the Southport stop, my brain goes "" and mostly every time I resist
preform in Minnesota on my birthday(:
Tonight's fiddler on the roof show at the anchorages performing arts Center was fantastic.
The Budget Van Lines/Grand Moving, Inc. experience so far has been just short of "call 911" quality.
I honestly can't wait for Miley's episode tonight!
Good morning, all! Happy Wednesday!
Bobby is dead, killed the Leviathan.
Strong winds working against firefighters' containment efforts.
Ideas are boiling. Looks like its time to add the main course!!
For real!! its been a grip! lets kick this week
I like running too much. & I don't get tired quick.
Cool - would love to see your rendition of "Happiness" when you finish!
oh he likes it REAL crisp.  Ahahahahaha!
Voting for the More Uncovered album art is now over. We will let you know the winning cover tomorrow!
For #appfriday, I'm giving away 5 promo codes for Builda the Re-Bicycler for iPad. First 5 to get @ me get codes. Have it? Tell a friend!
getting ready for commercial audition tomorrow
Water. Yeah.
The Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act would obliterate any semblance of online privacy in the United States.
Omg! Me too! I woke up and was like damn, performin 2day! I acted like he was dwn here or sumthin lol
How is my Academic Profile for College?
Thanks for featuring in the Monthly Noodler! Always happy to whip Noodlers into shape!
At bedtime tonight, there shall be a wild rumpus.
Upshaw: "The wait was a little frustrating at times, but I'm very excited and happy to be chosen in the second round as a Baltimore Raven."
Why? It was meant to be humorous... :)
Landed 2 -4 more tee designs yesterday. Im seeing a trend www.steveknerem.com
Galveston is in the eye of the storm. All is calm - right now. Don't venture outside - the back of eyewall coming in next hour or so.
Bout to spark this bowl up
just wope my son in basketball , he think he got g lol like his auntie b reed
Jamie Alimorad's EP Cornerstone reviewed in the The Noise mag #308 avail throughout Boston & Newbury Comics. Pick up your copy today!
This is the worst feeling ever! /;
Thanks -- am on an email thread discussing XML annotation and someone suggested NLM. First I'd seen it; wondered why not TEI?
A team of highly trained specialists and more hair product than is good for girl.
97X... BAM. The future of rock and roll.
Nashville criminal lawyer blog post . Judge grants gag order in MTSU murder case . ://bit.ly/wo0mJWhttp
ah. Ok. I'll have to look into that
We'll be sharing Guru Guide 3rd edition preview highlights at ILTA INSIGHT next week. Come by stand 35 to find out more.
JUST SAW FIRST FIREFLY OF THE YEAR!!! THERE WERE LIKE 937;729/9/7/ IN A FIELD, THE FIELD WAS BLINGIN'!!!! #I'mFiveRightNow
not much and can u go on touch
Charles Duhigg up now on the Power of Habit
DID YOU ASK ABOUT NEXT WEEK AND DID THE MONEY GO THROUGH OR NOT?!
#Life would be intolerable without #music. And, if i lose my hearing, I will sleep on a speaker and turn up the bass.
Haha, yes. RT : Managing the accounts is not the hard part; it's waiting on answers from other staff.
Don't forget - next drawing for a free race entry will be Sunday, Nov 20th! We hope you'll sign up for a chance to win!
working and trying the whole relationship thing again
I know! This is a fast one. I think mostly because I waited 4 months to tell everyone, lol. ;o)
Am i rude??? Alot ppl say i am
I fear my lifelong goal to be a graphic designer will soon be thwarted by Drawsomething posting all of my recent pieces on Google, forever.
Massage, jacuzzi bubble bath, and wine by the fire. What more could a girl want?
There is news about the "Old Spice Guy" at theentertainmentbucket.com
Everyone Has Been Hacked. Now What? - The attackers chose their moment well. (Kim Zetter/Wired) #m$watch
Librarians need to admit that a LOT of things suck
Just announced! San Francisco musical theatre favorite singer/actor John Cavellini teams up with Tom Shaw Trio at 7pm on 2/25 at Martuni's!
Hearing Protection - Harris Bipod
On my way to the airport O___o the countdown is officially ova
your music video is playing at my mall food court right now...
Lol!!! This old guy at the airport is trying SO hard with his lady on the phone! Lol!!!
Check out tweets.
already have!:)
Hi. How are you doing? What's new? Please hit me back. I may be busy. But I will get with you
Sure thing. We had a good time talking to your class and it was nice to meet you ... I think you asked the most ?s :)
Yo I'm Serious I'm Following The Next 10. As Long As U Ain't That Porno Shit.... Let's Be Real Bro..
Haha okay junior year my locker is gonna be just blown up with one direction shit
Should not have made that move :/
It's go time
Great win for
Neal Nisky and Sully all out. Not good at all. Pens need to dig deep here and maintain their foothold on the 4th seed.
About to hit the road. Playing in Temple, Texas today with and many more!
Cutting investments to kids to "help them w/ debt" is like cutting your nose to spite your face.
Really enjoying without the Joe. is doing a great job, and his guests actually get to speak.
Tried new sushi place for first time with We both really liked Arirang in Bay Ridge and recommend it.
“NarcissTwit” = Someone who absurdly believes all of your tweets are expressly about them.
lmao yeah, I was so #Unwanted, now I get an "I miss you/I love you" text like every other day...wtf is this about lmao
I miss my best friend !! Only 79 DAYS!! :)
My sister is like so annoying
Please join us at 4:30 today when carolers from Park Street School (grades K-6) serenade us with Christmas music. Punch will be served!
Fitness goal deadline is exactly 16 weeks from now. It's like a 112 day adventure.
Especially: that one chick who says you her baby daddy. Lol
meeting at a taking back sunday concert!! In other words meeting your idol totally unexpectedly!
It would be fun!!! Let me know if you need more info!
3 weeks of a lifetime is nothing but it changes your life!
COULD ANYTHING POSSIBLY BE BETTER THAN AN EMPTY NEST/GOLDEN GIRLS CROSSOVER EPISODE?
BRB twitter don't forget to follow me on #Instagram Angelitofrmdabx #Ifollowback and *like pix!!
I hate the Knicks. Wearing my 9's because I want the to sweep
Wow...I just read the story about the fire. You are one in a million! May God bless you! Wish you were the mayor of Detroit :-)
smoking hookah in my back yard all by my fucking lonesome );
Who knew radio Disney actually played current not so kidish songs...thanks Jessie for putting me in a car that ONLY plays am lol
Oh but in case I stand a little chance/ here comes the jackpot question in advance/ what are you doing new years/ new years eve?
Dr. Kreeft is playing himself at chess at the table next to me. Half of his mind is doing what no one else here could
Bed. CCD at 9 AM because where gonna walk around revere? 😖Lmao idk but night. 😚💤
Mid-Afternoon doldrums.
I'm gonna. see you again tomorrow(: <3
is this the right decision? Hope so :/
No marriage
TERRIFYING AND AWESOME.
Yes Kobe Kobe Kobe
I think it's time for that perm, Ross.
Tyler Black pins Necro Butcher after rolling through on a cross body block attempt.
We tried this in Detroit, all the cops moved to an area on the edge of the city. It didn't really help
Spotify, Lion, and Harry Potter oh my!
I swear my phone never gets charged properly.
forever wearing not matching socks from costco
Hi folks. Hope to see you out tonight at Jovita's. Lucky Tomblin Band at 8pm and The VBB at 10pm.
Like Dwayne Wade just said after the win "This is my House" ... Lets Go Miami Heat !!!!!
he just text me saying "I need a hug ;(." I wanna asnwer :(
Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Nevada for the Break That Single show playing the very best of indie music. 11am-1pm PST w/y host DJNateski
Tears are how our heart speaks when our lips cannot describe how much we’ve been hurt.
thank u Jesus...
Pink salts arrived! Tomorrow we'll buy the beef for corning.
*sobs* Why? Why?!! What episode is this?
“: Taken is by far the best movie ever”
Just saw two different kids attached to their parents by a leash in the PHX airport. I thought kid leashes were a joke?
NDC getting those Rogue Green KD's?
What do you do in the medical field? And you will love Zumba, been teaching for over 3 years, met Beto a few times!
Sometimes you don't realize you care for someone, until they stop caring for you.
Maxine Waters called it right...the new GOP are demons.
Dear Penny Saver, Stop wasting trees on me. You're just taking up space in my mailbox.
hi Sharon, sent you a reply to your tweet re: #autism via e-mail. Thank you!
I'm such a loser. I'm working right now, when there are hundreds of bars and friends in a 10-block radius. Just not interested though.
good luck in your racquetball match. let us know how you played and if you need any help or advice.
Watching channeling on the F1 grid. Not sure who bounces more.
My former boss in Philly, gd friend, blocker for JimBrown & FritzPollard chairman John Wooden used to say," Sleeping is Overrated".
So sessions hit a three and nothing from ya..iight
I miss the old days when I didn't have to worry about growing up!
and just cooked a delicious dinner yum!
Love the finger puppet cubs :)
Cool so this is Twitter
MT : On CapHill, I reiterated that Rep Ryan's budget draws on flawed theory & balances budget on the backs of America's students.
Lemon Grove Councilmember Mary England signed my Central Comm re-election papers. If ur in the new 79th Assembly District I need ur sig too!
Time for some yoga with ! Namaste
Haha no lie RT : My lil sister trynna follow me on instagram.... I love her but that's heat
Sunny in Seattle and its Friday!! This is real nice.
All day art kinda' day. Teenagers fixing meal now so I can get some work done (wonder who'll clean up kitchen after?). omg
January 3, 1973 - A group led by Mr. George Steinbrenner I buys the Yankees from CBS.
It has been resolved: we intend to cease posting from the group twitter account. Commencing final posts.
The heat are on fire thoooo !
is the best.
This sucks
hate you queen ._. ❤
#IAlwaysWonderIf you smile when you see a text from me, the same way I smile when I see one from you
Most actors learn to cry on cue. I had to fart on cue in a movie once, & they all cried. I'm rather proud of that actually. True story.
Sometimes I realize sitting home alone screaming along to AVPM/S songs is kinda weird, then I get over it.
These airplanes are too loud tho
is Paper an app? Can you send a link? It's very cool!
RT : 96 year anniversary of the Easter Rising. Yeats: "Not night, but death./Was it needless death after all?" (Easter, 1916)
Vick to the rescue!! YES!
im not feeling lucky.
Elsewhere, iPhone is not tied 2 AT&T. T-Mobile (incumbent) in Germany, O2 in UK, etc.
#fridayreads finished Tomorrow River by Kagen -great story & started The Wilding by Percy #fridaylistens finished Passage by Cronin - wow
Shindig will be going down for a bit while we unwrap some new toys. See you soon!
I've decided.. There are no words. Good night world. Tomorrow can't come soon enough..
The awkward moment when you wave at a complete stranger, thinking they are someone else.
. But of course :) I'll just have to wake up a bit earlier
Team USA still holds the Lead at the President's Cup, hope they can bring it home...
Great performance so far tonight. Thanks for joining me !
Client: "How does it feel to always be so happy?" Me: "Great! What's the alternative?" U can't control everything but can control ur mood.
I'm tired of getting my hopes up for things that I know will never happen.
i just realized i had 666 tweets... but not any more because i just tweeted this
Gotta give it to Ryan Hollins he is playing hard...but he's fallen down the past four trips down the floor
haha Nice!!:D
I can have a sleepover tonight
I find it very telling that today's Georgetown, TX Groupon is for a pistol class. Seriously?
whats good new followers, dam its been one hell of a week drama filled but fun. Get money
Awful, but I burst out laughing anyway.
Isn&#39;t Good Boy Floyd Mayweather Great for the game of boxing???
Soccer-cheering for a team you don't like because there is a team you like even less.
based wednesday, get your fucked up white vans on lets do this.
Yo y'all have no idea how much I've been playing Mercy!! Lol
Yeah...I'm an art widow until Dennis's show opens next month. And then I'm an ice fishing widow, & then a pond hockey widow.
Caution! Left brain world wants us to be like them & quit dreaming, To advance & prosper,steadfastly ignore that advice. Marilyn Grey
the only man listening is on another continent, proving my point! Haha
Happy birthday to our former cover guy Sidney Poitier. You are truly a legend!
If my 3.1 seconds in the sack lasted as long as 3.1 seconds at the end of a playoff basketball game I'd be a fucking stud.
really? Oh wow xD
“: you need any more corn hole boards ? I've got a set” Yep. Bring em. And bring Cory too
I dont know whats hotter u or the gun go check out THE EROTIC .com for a chance at 50k
I just don't feel like me tonight....
oops just saw this! My family lives out there & signed up and convinced me. Plus I like traveling for races to make them easier!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 21
Sorry no free beats . But real affordable prices
you with us tonight?
uhh....guess they are engaged again. Love for life back on!
hunger games was the best movie I've ever seen in my life. Better than Harry potter <3
It's sad to say that if he simply used the phrase "boots on the border' more often, his approval ratings would jump 10 points.
Our thoughts go out to all those affected by this terrible disaster.
B.I.G. (Big In God) Springfest is Today!!!! hefner Lake(Star&Stripes Park)...gates open 4:30 event starts a 6p.m. COME HANG WITH US!!! F ...
also why is there Folgers in my cup as I wake?
At the gluten free expo in Chicago! Come see us!
For the day the Prez endorses it, well, you have to pull out the premium gifs.
I do, but I like acting better, more fun...
When are you coming back to or around Clay county or Bradford county!? I really would love to see you AGAIN! <33
good enough for me
#scms12 The inside and outside of software are not congruent
I really dont care if your pissed at me. Its not my problem.
getting fancy for #BJxmas4 and looking forward to some cocktail shrimps.
At the fancy mall.
The person next to me just left if someone is looking for a seat close to the front! I'm by the cameras
Yes I speak Italian, I work in photography around motor sports.
come home so we can go to the country club and drink Perrier and make fun of Danielle!
lol yeah finally
happy birthday!
"Wives may be merry, and yet honest too." -One of my favorite lines. From Shakespeare's Merry Wives of Windsor.
try it now
I'm sorry but the tacos got cold. Didn't realize you were coming late.
"work that ponytail! own that updo!"
NO MATTER WHAT YOU DID OR WHO YOU FUCKED.. I'D GO THROUGH HELL FOR YOU NO MATTER WHAT
No problem, glad you enjoyed the lunch! What did you order with LevelUp? ...The lobster bisque is awesome!
At least he doesn't look like Barney Fife, Pawlenty does!!
26 of 392 remaining after buy-in period...need to find some
3 cars filled with fresh baked goods! The more we get the more we give.
How are you a trail-blazer?
Uploading my work: new #PealeBCLM inventory lists for the 5x7 glass negative portion of the collection.
jus makin sure ya NUT!
I hate when ppl steal my side of the bed.
Is neighborhood updating broken? Mine hasn't updated in at least a week.
Thanks. Just wondering if it would have made a difference and saved costs .Eagle is turning in to a very expensive fire.
Tweet, Tweet, Tweet. Promoting is a good thing. What's the scoop with your movie?
Rut roh - that can't be good. Wonder if you sent it while I was traveling? 4/17-4/25. I'll look in hubs mail pile.
aww thanks! I had a great time!
it feels so nice to hear your voice
"I don't wanna do it with Owchu" well then don't do it with her.
love this! RT: "A hangover suggests a great night, jet lag suggests a great adventure!" ~jda - Get out and eXplore! TTOT :)
Haven't been on in awhile... miss my peeps! Lots of ideas floating around in my mind...
went through my house yesterday and did that. It is fun.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY to Mi Fiance and shout out
Is very sad upset angry with herself and another. Crying jags are such fun...
ha ha love that place. Kiss is right around the corner on Columbus. Used to go there all the time
First visit to Matt Court.
One could say that GB is winning against Jean Quan's team. I couldn't resist that one. :)
We are still xfering old users over, if its easier for now make a new account and reupload your content! thanks
Thanks for the Listing!
i am really shocked #OKCTHUNDER hasn't capitalized on the beard by selling them a their arena for fans
Pool, beach or lake?
Henry Winkler ("The Fonz") and Cheyenne Jackson may be starring in a new comedy about the porn industry on Broadway this fall.
I do love it, but you've told that joke before.
Open House at TODAY noon-4; Milwaukee Animal Rescue Center is located inside Southridge Mall!
Yeah, we know $ is tight for all of us, hopefully this a quality NYE option that won't kill your wallet. Tunes will be good!
can u explain the arrow thingys lol
I believe in the infinite evil of AI because Swype has never correctly chosen for or four in a tweet.
omg. someone please record vinnys ustream? I can't watch it.
That sounds like a great teaser for a novel written in 1st person.
just joined that committee last week actually & looking forward to working with Natalie! :-)
I wish you'd reply to me. I love you so much. It's literally insane.
according to I'm an awesome tweeter
During public comment, deputy city attorney asks not to be furloughed ... points out cops and criminals aren't furloughed.
Will be reading books by (R Isleib) 10 new books!
#Imagine Justin buys a puppy u:aw, whos that for? J:my girlfriend u: oh, I bet she'll likee it j:I know she will! ;) he hands u it u: :)
Take that, HBO!
Nap time!
wishing U the Best at the Charleston tourney :)! ~ we luv #Tennis! & we luv our Vania :)!
Fighting hobos in the street
We are looking forward to having you here, Howard.
Someone send me some Girl Scout cookies. Thanks!
Think I finally just found the two majors I will decide between
So many people online....xD
im not phase bye how ur momma raised u
sat may 19th.
it's 25 but I celebrate from 20 to 25. Hehe! Ok'
wait you aren't married or pregnant? no.way.
Oh.. Mah..God, Becky, look at her butt.
I like talking on the phone better too.
Everything, is said for a reason right?
(2) have to go searching for an ATM, withdrawal large amounts, and then go and find somewhere to break your bill just to ride the
just saw a woman running on her toes. Her heels never touched the floor. You would have gone mental
- Love and connection. The only things that matter.
Working out Keeping up with my Sexiness Listen to Yall need to do the same www.whoistrillogy.com
Was your Dad upset when his 30 year old drumsticks broke?
Being sick sucks more than a 1$ prostitute
going great! Don't want it to end cuz I'm gonna have to #paythetaxman too.
Thanks! Sorry I guess we're getting food right now... We need to get over to your place ASAP! Ha
did you take albas shift?
staying under the radar for a bit.. Lol
I love food. dont know what i'd do without it.
well im dead then
The devil will do anything to get you off the wrong track I see it for what it is....
The secret is to be yourself. <3
shipping and asking if she shipped gaylor, her and garrett nickelsen
Loving that I had an opportunity to personally thank & toast (twice) Bruce Sagan for his outstanding support for the arts sector in
he'll get one inning then Bard
Who remembers those little red and yellow toddler cars that you had to Flinstone style drive?..
God won't plant fruit in a garden of weeds. Weeds will alway choke the fruit out. Get the weeds out of your ministry & out of ur life.
Overheard at lunch: "My kid was disappointed that he couldn't come with me to Radiohead because he's three."
& would make such a cute couple!!!
DAMN THIS FOLLOWING LIMIT!!!
I'm just saying u can do better... tell me have u heard that lately? -Drake
I'll be working at the Bay View and Whitefish Bay stores this week... fun days ahead!
Hey shit bags, we're playing in Pittsburgh at The Smiling Moose tonight (3/6)! Be sure to come down and get wild with us!
40404 place your christmas order platters for the office or next family event: cupcakes, cakes, cakepops and cookiees!!!
. total bulls-eye...really.
About to work out
is that tonight or tomorrow?
What would happen if dimensions crossed barriers? Metal lighted birds appeared to Lewis and Clark? Paved roads appear to sacajawea?
working hard, hardly working... Have a sazerac for me...
don't forget to follow me back!
I'm doing good. Busy with life guard training, about to start summer classes, just being busy. How are you, bebe?
((( Like FREE ?, Sell any item free,, www.just-plug-in.com )))
NEW STUFF AT HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET!!! Go check it out! New Pic of the Day, NEW LAY OUT!!!, New Music Video of the Day!!!
... Someday, perhaps ;)
Did you have a good Thanksgiving? Score any killer deals shopping?
Nice meeting you ! Thanks for following!
lol I'm so late on this, but yeah! ;) haha!
Jeez the Independent Film Festival of Boston has the most annoying site ever! Wondering if they actually want people to buy tickets or not..
one bite at a time
always! Too much sometimes.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.-- Margaret Fuller
would love to connect about your great events in the
Seeking # Jr .NET Dev with C#, .ASP, SQL # experience. Please contact
It was an infamous prosecution, grossly infamous. but not theless likely to succeed on that account
You're such and Inge hater!!! #Sarcasm When you are paid 5.5 million.. you are supposed to hit KC pitching.
- Unlike you, Obama's support of marriage equality was simply a campaign strategy to try and acquire the vote of the youth.
United in EPL. Houston Dynamo and Portland Timbers on this side of the Atlantic.
With charity there can be no conditions attached to it. Helping a friend and expecting the same in return is not charity (Crash Course)
Tired of you ...
Wow! The are puttin' a hurting on the #Kings even without Monta Ellis! The #Warriors look energized! Who are these guys?
makes 2 of us xD P.L.U.R.<3
Sometimes we are only giving a few minutes to be with the one we love and spend thousands of hours thinking about them.
don't get me wrong I hate UK with a passion. I just hate IU more lol. I saw uk play in person last weekend. It was crazy good
Pretty Little Liars<3
Taking a coffee break & going back in! Onward!
idk.u wanna go outskies and paint the town and by that i mean act like weirdos in a public place???
boo hoo sad story, new American fad story.
i just feel like bummin at the house in PJs (:
: mattress fundraiser? What ever happened to good old fashioned candy? WEIRD
I love food <3
Call Steve Bliss today at 858-278-2800 for your Free Consultation. San Diego Bankruptcy | Estate Planning Attorney | Credit Repair. We care.
Only counts if unattributed!
Feel free to tweet me as much as you want now, I'm not gonna reply because this argument was dead hours ago. Bye now.
People we can't grow with just #followback. Please retweet us and please ask your followers to follow us.Thanks. - Mature & Childish
Yep! 's made quite a huge leap in the past few years!
ah! That's almost as bad as Muncie not having chipotle or panda express :(
Chipotle has to have the longest lines in Madison
is at home, cleaning and unpacking.
that was gross
Butterflies just mean you are engaged in your activity and care about what you're doing. All is as it should be.
holy shit i'm in korea.
I just woke up from my nap imy & Chase
I have finally reached my breaking point! The air conditioner is on and I am loving it.
Gotta deal with a lot of trippy people when selling cars on Craigslist. Some pretty stange folks texing me late at night.
typical rich girl tweet
WILL U FOLLOW OR REPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U! I LOVE U SO MUCH ♥ HAVE FUN IS ASIA! 7
#applestudios #wppi12 best tip - set up your photography biz as an LLC
Thank you!! I appreciate that and the RT. How are you these days? Happy #WW!
Walked Summer... I just finished a 4.16 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
love how informed you keep us here in the valley on the startups of the day. We're in the midst of something very cool right now
Thanks for letting me be your plus one last night at #SDMNOmothersday! Had a great time!!!
just found your side gig. Congrats! Coincidently I tried a new drink imported from Dublin tonight. Will share...
Saw my first Tesla Roadster. Wondering what good a car that when driven at a track would only last an hour or so? Lotus Elise please.
You totally rock and I'm so happy to have you on the team! Can't do this without you!
#youknowyouwakeupearlywhen you're 20 min early for class :|
For single depth relations you're ok. But what happens when THOSE objects have relations / collections? Can be a slippery slope
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: BoHo - American (live updates)
Guilty - EEK! RT : It may be better if you spent less time pinning fitness pics on Pinterest and actually worked out.
Fantastic workshop by Ginny Redish on writing for the web. Bummed they don't have her books for sale here though!
doesn't even know how SICK it's gonna be Come drink, mingle, and get a postcard for a KILLER HEADSHOT DEAL!
didn't they do this last summer?
Makin Some Verses to These Songs, Studio Saturday, My Week is Planned Out
yay!!! That's a positive!
tomorrow will be great!
Can't sleep! Wish I didn't have to wake up super early :-/
I managed to get the groceries into the house but I think I'm done now. Glad I didn't buy anything frozen.
I think I found it. On the page where everything is pushed to the right, the div id "content" has the right padding set to 150px
This tweet is for UK People, what stamp would i need for an envelope being mailed from England to the USA? I'm trying to buy stamps.
Envying stars lol do you.
no problem
so great to see you today! Thanks for coming to Very happy to to have my copy, too.
Looking for guest bloggers! Let me know if you're interested! :)
follow these Atlanta Djs
Walk up to a mofo nd say I lik nd I want ya We can du dis da easy way or da hard way
Breezy Cool Morning in #NYC, but the light is LUMINOUS!!! Good Morning!!
It def need to happen soon
I couldn't be awesome forever... Sorry work :(
The Game of Propaganda - The RR
“: No it's not..” well good, cause I make alot of music especially for y'all.
economics makes no sense to me =[
It was a pleasure to host with you ! Thanks to for having us!
It's humid and rainy? (I'm about to leave the office, haven't been outside for a while.)
I just emailed you about this but I don't know if the address I had was viable
Thanks for the kind words and beautiful pics of our campus!
Sanchez sounds like a grown up Jake in LA.
Boys are so emotionally weak and fragile. If you have to prove how much you don't care, you're clearly overcompensating.
Futbol Club Barcelona!
Planning on having the deck open tomorrow!
love ya to woman!!!
Good stuff dont come easily
Fight with everything you have through the storm. And God will make a way for your destiny. Love all of you.
there is this guy that looks like you in my Psych class!
David copper field ass niggas
Indonesia? Seriously?
Taylor Is Our Song is the cutest trend, aw
Brooklyn Craigslist apartment ad description: "wooded floors." Like a forest?
...their minds are like one-lane roads—they work just fine until somebody approaches from the opposite direction. Tenzing Norbu
Yep that's him! I always watch cause it's my favorite, but now i have double incentive to watch haha
Thanks gorgeous!!!
...I will get her for an in depth discussion watch me ...on a
i just might:) how many do you need?
Scratch a dog and you'll find a permanent job. — Franklin P. Jones
thanks for the follow!...snort
Looking to buy a new Hawaiian shirt!! Something a little bright and loud!!!!!
so glad the thrashers won for its first game of the season with the capatals,best tough game yet, 4 to 2, WE WON
Only on Ticketmaster does a $22 ticket suddenly turn into $36.30 :/
We try to ask ourselves how we would want our pet treated.
want us to list your brand? please email us at
wow you said you were going to sleep
yea that trip will kill ya
Aah! Hugs to all of them! Happy Easter to you guys!
Both teams continue to brawl throughout the arena until security manages to subdue all four men.
For those golfers out there, you should check out Chevy Chase Golf Club in Wheeling, IL. Had a fantastic round there yesterday.
dear taylor swift i am inlove with you hahah you dont understand ive seen you multiple times and i love you a lot! <3-dave
about two hours to get to my hotel xD
True That!
Well that could work too :) Santa Barbara?
"As the suffumigations of the oppressed stomach, surge vp and cause the head-ac..." Dammit, Thomas. Give a guilty girl a break.
How you gonna say you're attending RTB but you have no money ? Lol
I'm alright with that deal.
Student in my class this morning in a Yale sweatshirt. New Haven's my home town. I miss it. Haven't been back in a long long time.
I hope this storm ends soon.
Ortiz Middle School Marching Baand-Houston Directed By Roderick Kennedy Named Honor Band For The 2010 MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston
I wish I could tell you. They haven't decided to get extras.
Hello Everyone, How is everyone doing tonight or day?
Hey can I get a WOOF over here? Show some love!
In New York. Filming for Dr. Oz
haha yep, 2nd july like a month earlier than planned <3 so excited now but at the same time really nervous! :P
Dear HR peeps: when the answer to an application inquiry is "You don't exist to me and let's keep it that way," just say so.
Putting everything in God's hands.
Work > Eat > Work > Gym > Eat > Bus > Skeeball > Cab > Sleep
Uhh drivers Ed test today I'm scared
J-lo cant even pick the right man how she gone pick the right winner. LOL
Since it's National Human Trafficking Awareness Day consider participating in one of trips to end modern day slavery
welcome . feel free to contribute to our previous tweets :D
#BeliebersAnd1DAreCool um okay who ever created this you cool...haha ooh i tried to say that w a straight face but I laughed 😂😂😂
Jamming to call me maybe in first period >
when you get older alot of these HOLIDAYS dont have meaning anymore....
I have never been as disappointed with the MKE Co Board as I am now. Not even during the Walker years have they failed the people this badly
glad to see you're on Twitter! Are you going to Congress?
lmao or u can just make the sounds under the helmet ha ha ha
nope, but is. I am on the ebooks panel. We're doing a non-fiction shout & share type panel at ALA, though.
awesome FOLLOW ME hahah
Steve Moore is killin' it tonight! Good job #32!
what did you end up getting?
We have the same last name, friends?
followback!!!,Is Awsome related to Watch Gossip Girl Online
Okay Chili!
I mean Gore, Jacobs, Crabtree, Manningham, Moss, Ginn, Vernon. Plus they drafted Jenkins and LaMichael James? They're gonna be crazy good.
Lead me not into temptation. I can find the way myself.
Feeling great after a tough bench day and a long night's sleep.
When in doubt, watch Scream.
Got a bit of a heavy heart today knowing that wont be there when I get home tonight..
fascinating that this idea takes you in a Marxian direction, which I don't think was Morgan's intention
how has drabek looked
save me one... 60 more days to go!
Bad call to pull
Your requests and Belmont BBQ on the Powerdrive at 5 w/ Helen Powers. 978 1023 or
NEW XBOX LIVE ACCOUNT STARTED TODAY ! GAMER TAG: CED NASH
good grades, enough sleep, a social life. You can only have 2. welcome to college
Awesome. There were mixed reviews from the panel crowd about their own departments. Glad to see this is less of a debate in places!
can someone please help some followers? PLEASE. just one shoutout will help
Just woke up. Good afternoon world.
To mistake a subjective view for the objective view is unproductive
i dont know
So Ron Artest's name is now officially "Metta World Peace." Contest: What should David Stern's new name be? I'll buy drinks for best idea.
« « #EverydayIThinkAbout how good God has been to me»»
Shake it for the birds and the bees (and the cats for )
Wow, I think I just had my first passive aggressive blog post written about me!
of course! ill take a pretty pic just for you lol...if you ever make it out to the east coast ill make you one:]
Organizational Readiness Checklist: category, task, due date, % complete, date complete, Accountable members, Responsible depts
oh yea lol. Good times!!!
Good but when i got home and seen you didnt follow me it turned out bad :(
MARA!!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY HUNNY! I LOVE YOU! HOPE YOU ENJOY! & DNT GET TOO DRUNK!
#EarthFair San Diego is So cool! Thanks San Diego & all our awesome volunteers
Hitting Up Starbucks With , Anyone Wanna Join? :)
C'mon Harry loves ya. I just want a follow back………and a chance to get him to notice ne……………
Nap. Then Bryant Lake Bowl with the Writer's Workshop at 7:30. You're invited!
love the #moo trending topic!!
r u at the game?! So jealous! Would love to be watching Andy's first game back
Made it to Alamogordo, NM last night. At least it's sunny...
My first reaction reading this was "huh?", until I saw your response. #grammarisimportant. I think it's meant as an insult..
You've graduated & you still hanging out with high school seniors?
the new dirty birds shirts were made in egypt. maybe they were just mad pissed about the design?
Real drinkers only mix whiskey with emotions.
And yet, having now seen Green Lantern, I can safely say that nothing in it is nearly as dumb as the "adamantium bullet"
just think about it
Most SM staff museums are also doing traditional digi tasks. So, if they are in SM, what are they not doing anymore?
Thanks to for the great snap-shots at #TheRockChurch session. BW and gal-pal - best PR Agency in SD - CIM, Inc
Hate to sound my age but Forever 21 stores scare the bejesus out of me.
": Saw & &A tonight. That shit made my night. I love & respect those 2 women so much.." <3 <3 <3
Phone lines are open - 317-736-0950 - call in and share your thoughts about the past week.
follow me and i'll follow you! cause i use twitter this much! (insert number here ranging from 1 to 99999999999[twitter count max reached]
It's pretty cool that is following me on Instagram now. I think they are hoping for #bathtweet photos. LOL
Having moves like Jagger!
I wanna make love in her parents bed :)
#RejectedPickupLines "If you were a transformer, you'd be Optimus FINE!"
Tenn makes $$ playing UK in FB? No way. They're forced b/c of conf, they'd do same thing we're doing.
Wave game tonight, Packer game Sunday. Enough said about my weekend
this makes me happy. #MCBW RT @ looking forward to hitting madison tomorrow with a grip fulla weird beer.
Thanks to all of the future scientists, engineers & colleagues! You were great!
The best relationship is when yu can be Lovers an Best Friends at the same time
Now I remember why I don't do chains. Potential for ambiguity is high even with data that should disambiguate
I've known it from the moment that we met!...theres no doubt in my mind where you belong
4 her needs...better test if possible. Women do not have Y chromosomes. Our Autosomal DNA test = total analysis all lines
thanks man
Sorry man I couldnt resist. You made it to easy. Ill chill now I know how it is when your team is losing. I grad from IU
Contest is officially closed...Thanks to all that tweeted us! Stay tuned to see who won....
"you so skinny, yo nipples touch" - rotfl 😝
Alaska was a bit of a surprise!
RT First pregame practice of the year!!!! Here we go Hop!
HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
oh beehive.
So yeah, I LOVE the mud!
“: Gunman reportedly wearing body armor kills at least 4 in Arizona, police say - ”BAD SAD STORY
I had a great day, until I got home -_-...
Last Monday classes of the semester for me! #Hyped!
😁 idk about that one 💜
what a very up n down twisting turning ep last night, wow!
Such a darn flirt!!! Gosh its killing me
:) RT : Just spotted an interactive ad on Nice!
good music
My shoes are ruined.
Very true! Had to email you his thoughts!
yea shoot em .
That smell. A kind of smelly smell. The smelly smell that smells...smelly
Today's Family Fun is INDOORS in #BkSq 1st Floor w/ Jr! Free event for ALL Ages w/ bar 21+ to benefit !
You have forced me to act on this one very important detail.
oh i see now..
Baltimore Family Battles Cancer & Poverty wp.me/p17ctE-7z #BGE #Baltimore #Poverty #Cancer #Family by:
I love City but they have got to start playing smarter Football
Thinking about changing our image and name....what do you think? Fresh start sounds nice
MT First day today - Baird's Business Solutions Conference in Boston. Follow #RWBBizSolutions hashtag for conference coverage.
I'm about to jump off the Brewz Cruise.
Missed ya tonight!
please DM us thanks
Ha! That hotel instagram was ridiculously funny. Where is that?
If only. Prior engagements. Are you going?
oh my! What's the problem hun?
I feel like Ryan braun is tom cruise in minority report.
This is not acceptable. You broke mah hart. *tear
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence
If #Santorum doesn't think it's important to protect the Earth, Newt will be more than happy to rent him space on the moon.
RT : Teachers looking for a real-world news literacy activity will be interested in options available through Truth Squad....
Had a great time thinking things through with you the last few days, Rusty. Thanks!
this summer. We WILL do something.
Community Links is looking for sales People, If interested email us @
Your no longer a part of my life or my music don't flatter yourself
do u wanna follow me?:)
Must remember, despite all frustration, to not eat the marshmallow.
Awww <3 to you too girl!
You bet!
tonight you should follow me!
My friend is such a great guy but the kind of men he is attracted to... I better write about this.
it is a bit much but once in a while I think I deserve it.
lol I'm sorry I was being a bitch to you.
Im doing ok just watch the game
Hello Ladies! Hope all is well
This is #HARD!!
I totally take back all those times I didn't want to nap when I was younger.
the great thing about sports is u can always prove doubters wrong next year. Keep your head up and keep moving forward
That awkward moment when the rapper in Cher Lloyd's music video is 7...
Well hello I'm now following you cause said for me to. Anyway how are the traveling accommodations are they 1st class
So far Hugo has won 4 out of 6
hey sexy lmao
Enjoying a Leffe blonde.
Note to self, if brakes feel like they are going out they probably are
BELOW THE BRIM is looking to set up a headquarters in Columbus... Short North, Downtown...?? Weighing all options.
can't wait to hear and see pics!
Poster is up! Come talk about porn with me.
c'mon what did I do? LOL
GoodOldTimes when every girl had cooties
done..followed :-)
#iftheworldendsonsaturday I'm starting a support group for all rapture survivers.
Just gonna start keeping my ideas and comments to myself... I don't want you to think I'm too cool for you or better than you.
Bitch! I told you I needed to talk to you.
I totally agree , I love poms they're adorable . I think Husky's and Wolves are just beautiful & I don't like touch animals
Watching Bridget Jones for the 30th time, and face it, girls -- when life *seems* bleak, just watch this thing & you'll snap out of it.
Sunday, you are cloudy and cool.........I still love you.
keep up the good work
#Fortune500 Searching for PLANT MANAGER candidates in Illinois contact
Come join me, I setup a meeting on GoGrabLunch.com at Sawmill Lounge, Sherwood Park AB
Performing at Strawberry Moon Martini bar Wauconda with guitarist Andy Pratt May 12 6-9pm. Crazy good martinis.
good seeing u tonight! When u DJing next so I can show love?
I'm alittle over it!!! Ive been waiting waaaayyyyy too long for that video smh....
my friend has this gymclass heros bag and it reminded me of you lol. Btw I hope I see you!
Up bright and early. All emails returned.
When Kanye tweets, the Internet explodes
1 A, 2 B's and 1 C to finish off my last semester here at LSU!!! 😃😃😃
The Tables have Turned And I’ve Finally Learned That this is Makin Up for Every Day I was Gone
Can you be more specific? What song will fit after Zappa/Peaches? (I'm lukewarm on BR)
Game over! Spurs win!!!!
Please say he will be okay... he is to youmg to die..
So I want to make a page that is a Browns player, because almost all of my followers are Cleveland fans..
Join with us as we continue to pray for families across the nation who have been devastated by the recent natural disasters.
-- One of the best I have had (and I've had a lot) is The Moustache Ride Red!
I'll say team Chuck with all the love he gave UK last year.
Follow along w/ #philanthropyweek RT : Often 1 opportunity opens the door & propels a family out of poverty.
#Dateline is so fascinating tonight!
Exactly, that was my thought. No offer, so now deal with it... oh, the little Mets.
Love it. Residuals! RT : American Pie 2 is trending right now. Can only be bc of one man
I'm so happy to learn that MLB has rejected the Dodgers' TV deal with Fox. This should be the final nail in the coffin for those bastards!!
My first day was ok didn't get lost have ok teachers and had fun seeing friends
Uploaded a couple new jams to my site (garettheller.com).
i think i kinda judge people by their cars...which is silly, seeing as i don't even drive, so...
The most effective career plan is always written in pencil.
My colleagues have but they don't have access to her driver's license; police do.
DEADLINE EXTENDED: Capital Area Asset Builders is looking for a new EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR. It could be you! Apply for this job now with cove…
This Nigga Tony Parker Be Ballin.
How so? I talked to u yesterday :)-- RT : so i missed talking to fans :( how sad
Excited for in Milwaukee! Wife is on call and can't come... Will need a date :-)
Yayayay!!!!!!!!! My Bubs is coming to NYC! I haven't seen him since Xmas! Cant wait
U2's 'The Joshua Tree' - can't believe it's been 25 years.
what's wrong with the washer? has water in it and won't drain?
Getting clothes, food & toiletries to those in need.
CABQ terminates contract with independent hearing officer who ordered APD reinstate police officer Russell Perea.
#Jing is a nice Windows alternative to
Txt me asap :O
“: Sitting on a stash of New Glarus....” // Two things I am: Swiss and Wisconsinite.
National MS Fundraiser last night entertainers M. Bolton, the Canadian Tenors, B. Allen. Much love 2 B. Allen hosting the event 4 18yrs
Congrats and the rest of the team. Great job, the 4 years of hard work certainly paid off!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 34
I can do this!! I will finish my bibliography and have my album ready by the time I have to go to school! #peptalk #moralbooster I can do it
Despite having the means, he lived his life in extreme poverty out of concern for the feelings of the poor villagers.
Any ideas for DiY weapons that we can make?
Well I won't do it on purpose but I just need to succeed my exams and that means studying loads and no twitter.. :/ ♥
She likes you, You like her. What the fuck are you waiting for? She might be THE ONE. Are you really gunna let her get away?
I don't know what to wear tomorrow :(
IT WAS A GREAT NIGHT
For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Paul Mecurio
>:o) Another beautiful day at the . Love it over there!
well damn, i best get my ass into gear for this niche in the market ;) hehe
excited that I now have access to LibGuides!
GOOGLE US AND LIKE OUR FACEBOOK PAGE SEARCH BLOCK STARZ ENTERTAINMENT
Of all things. Romney telling those people the cookies looked like they came from 7/11. "You didn't make those cookies" What an ass.
Thanks for stopping in today, David! We hope you enjoy your visit to the -- we know we always love it!
Lmaoooo RT : “ im sure zeta love me btw”nope. They are going to assassinate you and curve their symbols in your chest LOL
do u deliver to the USA? If so, is it free delivery? 3abele 2ekol 3endkon bas chway b3id!
RT reminder - come see our bootiful demos and eat dimsum, drink beer, drink wine! 5404 Wisconsin 7th fl park on p3 p4
!!! RT “ I hate when people dont text me back that shit is annoying but its soo cool”
hm. I will look into it. I've just gotten up and running with , however. Thanks!
Thank you!
RT : Keep videos short, timely, relatable and realistic. DO NOT think of it as an ad. Remember to experiment.
� You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with. � Wayne W. Dyer
We gon dedicate this 'townWayne show 2 everybody that we loss 2 The struggle
Too late 4 for me; Hopefully not 4 others! RT Parenting: Back to School w/o blowing your budget - 6abc.com bit.ly/qH68sk
what'd she say?
Patrick Is My Twin(: <333333
You Are So Beautiful ♥
Chips and salsa for lunch. I'm so healthy.
Yes unprofessional pictures are better because we get to see you in your most natural state!
Together we make stars , we are truly fly...
Have an interest in sponsoring a pro golfer? Contact us via DM.
Loving the storytelling NBC is doing, making #KYDerby138 interesting for mainstream viewers.
If the Orioles win today, it means they hate school kids.
We're awfully glad to have them
true but it is the majority talking rubbish
I'm so excited to hear an update! I have no doubt you'll do great things ...again! :)
Assassins Creed Revelations is my favorite of all the Assassin Creed games.
- I know, right? I'm so jealous. Some of my favorite people all in one room!
Probably because the Tigers already had one of the best, if not the best offensive first basemen in the league.
your not just procrastinating are you? ;)
so awesome!!
Realized I still have a full week of classes and meetings next week before finals, so won't be able to attend. Next year!
Maybe I'll do a light few miles on the treadmill later. Do you workout when you have a cold and are congested?
fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind. ~ Dale Carnegie
Not sure how Sean Payton can win an appeal when he's appealing to Goodell. Might as well say "c'mon man, cut me some slack"
RT : #CrashCourse the Music Picture Coming Soon. Shotout to !
Listening to some great classical rock pieces. In love!
Yes, I still make wishes by blowing on dandelions... So what?
is a proud supporter of the United Nations 2012 International Year of Sustainable Energy for All
I am officially planning my new york trip for next week (20th-24th) any recs would be great, we're mostly veggie/vegan
me too... Movie night!
: like 4, it was tied going in to the fourth quarter!
If comcast says "we'll be out between 10 and 6" , can I say "I'll pay my bill between now and sometime soon"?
90s in Boston, wicked wind in Wi, snow in Mn? What?
correction: faithful animal/yeti -- like in Harry and the Hendersons.
I love it here! Only been about a year but its pretty great!
how are you? (:
I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it
OMG!! You are so hott :) ijs.
Hey , you can download our tracks on our Facebook or Reverbnation for frizzle free frizzle! Thanks!
#CharlotteBruse Ohh How I Love That Brand ! :)
At steak and shake with my girll!
Boyd Martin was AMAZING. So glad he's in the lead! Remington is so awesome.
For no good reason tonight, being that it's my night off.
Enjoying the morning storm with the little one and the dogs while mom is running errands.
why did you run away bb and i best be invited to your graduation....
Money the Fame :D
Productive morning so far.. Today consists of Work, practice, work.
hay loser call me I'm on way to Houston I wanna see ya slut
Spots open 8/2, e-mail & we'll send you a reminder! Follow for more updates!
Trianon douche bags are already out at the pool. Way too early in the season for this!
Morning Rockstars! > Kind words are the music of the world. - F. W. Faber
Penske Trucks thanks for your good price on a rental.
thanks for the verification info - i'll cross my fingers
thanks! Btw your presentation = absolute highlight. Loved.
:: Coming up in Sound Off: Should people with criminal records drive school buses? Join us and on Live
THANKYOU NOTE! ThankyouDear Lord, For crediting 24 more hours i.e 1440 minutes86,400 precious seconds today to give me chances of a lifetime
LIKE on FB for your chance to win tickets!
Monday Night Snack after 10pm {Shrimp Fritters, Black Garlic Aioli}
Well, I guess there is always PJ40? Or I can buy the #PJ20 video.
Im definitely going to come for an appointment ASAP :-)
I'll send it ask over to you from my laptop later!
Tell us how you are staying cool and safe during this lingering heatwave.
Hey guess what? you're perfect
Busy Day of #Meetings, Meetings, Meetings!
on my way to visalia with my boys o comedy to make the funny...hide your sheep visalia
Don't even want to text #oomf any more..... Ever.
take it to the head new classic fire!!
Got turned up!
You never had the rights meds, then. 'Cause there's magic there as well!
Ima spit with heat until I get my credit, I'm a verbal martial artist like I'm signed to shady records.
Keeping it classy at Fireside
I miss the #Odyssey already.
how did you get your presentation to sync from ipad to computer during norms retreat? i thought that was very cool!
There's been a lot of talk of footnotes among #twitterstorians lately. Am I the only one who enjoys reading them?
Caps with sound on now!
Remember the three R's: Respect for self; Respect for others; and Responsibility for all your actions
well… I'll send u a message
I just might my left calf is killing me.
"So are you the only white girl in San Diego?" "Uhm..Pretty much."
Few reactions to the fish-oil samples. One: "It tastes like pineapple." Another person asked for seconds (!)
My lips are chapped and until I buy Chapstick I'm not making the "M", "B", or "P" sounds- because they make the situation feel a lot worse.
I like walking in the rain but after i feel nasty cause i'm all wet.
well not yet, but the idea of it alone is quite exciting... Whom is this lovely mum of yours?
Yeah wanna of my videos is on Beta cuz it was submitted to networks for airplay.
still shows shipping soon. I've read you can order it the night B4 and it always arrives on release day. So i still think i'm ok.
The US Coastguard is trying to help four crew members who were hurt when a large wave crashed onto..
what are you doing this weekend? I'm in town let's hang out.
missing you, lady!
Teens, come get your Game On at the library with Xbox Kinect today at 4pm
I was with your boyfriend yesterday. He says 'Hello'
Loved the Bollywood scene tonite on
if you become friends with Mila, hook a brother up. :-P
hahaha literally loling you're too funny
