Hey! Thank you guys for spinning my song, "Glide." It is sincerely appreciated.
Chillin in my room getting ready for the next 2 meets in the the next 2 dayz 🏃
thanks again for producing that track for and I. Good work all around boys.
#ThingsThatAnnoyMe When people step on my shoe!
yep.... its in the mail!
Wealth principle- Keep your focus on your customers needs & not on your competition.
Teaching today, four students coming to paint with me! FUN.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. ~ Mary Ann Williamson
Answering student and faculty questions about education and copyright (Section 110 and Section 107).
Not only do I look forward to Mon nights because it's my free night, but also because it means #Bachelor tweets by
and furthermore....bedfellows, make politics strange
my boyfriend of 5 months....is gone
They'll just have to make due with finger paints until college, according Strip Club Logic.
It's SO beautiful outside! It helps that the JOY of the Lord is my strength too, because He gives me the ability to even enjoy the weather!
Spending time this week getting to know and how we might use it for Thanks, !
44 days til I move back to Chicago!!!
What does that mean?
Yes, really enjoy the #smss12 training. I get lots of recent info, and data from experts across industries.
lol xD Damnn.. Well are you still gonna be in there with us? Please dont leave you make it brighter xD
Text me 7024187833
"that's why I love her, she my gutta bihhhh."
I wish I could spend a day in the shoes of one of my followers just so i could have the privilege of following me
Oh, Yoghurt. RT If I responded w/ "May the schwartz be with you." Would you know what I meant or would you think I'm crazy? :)
Yea for Goldsmith... Don't be upset about that... You wanna go back to school remember? Lol...
Stewart Robson must be trying to give Steve McManaman a run for title of World's Worst Commentator
Skyline football
Ah, the RedSox lose to the Yankees! Fenway has survived 100 years of this agony.
Shaunie O'Neal says the future of Basketball Wives will be more balanced. What do you think?
The official after party for every party has a message for you W.mysong.fm/nine72
You already seem way cooler than i will ever be :)
I thought u had one o.O
how are you? long time no talk......
At least it's Thursday, right?
I know! I'm afraid to put away my winter clothes! Really strange weather this year!
Texas is so boring:(
I am so glad I decided to revisit big audio dynamite today...
To avoid any spoilers... it is awesome seeing Carl not be a wimp-child anymore. No more moping around, boy, there's work to be done.
How dat silk feel on ya booty girl LMAO Classic #gettinitin!
I am looking for an additional income stream. Who has the best one going? Looking for sub $1000 initial buy-in.
: We did it last summer so I think a comeback is possible. So good!
cute, I like! (as long as too much walking won't be involved. Dancing would be fun in those, though.) :-)
Awesome customer service at AMEX and I haven't even gotten my card yet
Very irresponsible.
Read about “Learning with Gadgets: Teaching Persuasive Strategies through Student-Created Infomercials” in Communication Teacher at...
Hey I know you will do great on your first single and many more to come I hope you have a great day
Life is an ugly, awful place not to.have a best friend.
This is great, Lucy! :D And thanks for the kind mentions!
RNR Hall of Fame induction: gotta love ! Donovan, Laura Nyro (ba so sad, loved her) Beastie Boys (no Adam-too sick), MORE!
It's early.. Headed to my moms work. #Chick Fil a please!
everyone plz follow one of my besties (FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK ) as simple as that
aw I'm sorry baby 😥
Who remembers when Ari 1st posted her 96,000 video?! Now shes almost at 1mil! Feels like it was just yesterday :')
We're not crowdsourcing anything that I know of, but the year is young, and we haven't planned everything out yet!
Excited to have you in Night Light! If you use Instagram, the hashtag is
Thanks!!!! Really great information. Can't wait to get out there and drown :) jk.
State lawmakers pushing to raise age limit from 18 to 21 if you want to buy smokes. What do you think of the proposal?
Getting ready to watch American Idol w/ my little bro ! =D
Head on over to LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark #DC tonight 5-7 for #happyhour or come this weekend for #brunch or dinner!
thanks for reading and for the RT
My foundation no longer matches and my cheeks are burnt
wild guess. lol
let me know.so I can get my tickets early ...
Not so much! :) RT : evidentially the singing isn't very good ;)
Otherwise I may just ry to work it for Sundance. How about you?
But of course! Happy Friday to you all as well!
Woo hoo! Mr. Figaro performing this Friday!!! Come play!
I agree with you 100% !!!
If we have entered the digital age what am I doing with all of this paper crap on my desk?
long live the Queen...
Appreciate that Bro!! That means alot real talk
Country music always calms me down ♥
thanks for the assist getting taken care of
Gotta kill you by a certain time, now that's what I call a dead line!
Had a great day today, a bit hard but still good. :} I am very relieved, I'm finally getting help for...everything. #StayStrong <3
Did you know that on Amazon you can SUBSCRIBE to monthly gummy grapefruit delivery? Yeah. Regular OR pink.
puños almost back! Looks like u gotta lot of catchin up to do. Hit me up.
DYK? Gladys Knight- Accomplished singer and actress is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha ..
This NEW TRACK IS WILD ND IF U DONT LIKE IT
say the right words at the right time
my mom makes a song about everything she sees when she's in a good mood.
i love yuh (:
Most definite and your family as well.Everyone keep your chins up.Be strong.
Trees in Israel bear a particular significance. Trees embody the commandment to settle the Land. #Israel =
Lord, please protect me from brokeness "diddy voice"
Ice bathing after the most random 13 miler ever...
somewhere b/w wacking the heck out of binding cords and spinning yarn all weekend, mucked up my wrists.
I will always give good wrestling a shot ;) Hense why I started to watch in the first place
Awesome shot!
hmm.. our online summer classes for college credit are open! you can just transfer the credits.. let us know if we can help!
I'm working..
I heard they shit though..they tight
I wIsh you'd talk to me cause you never leave my damn mind. Even if i try it still doesnt
Wed Trivia: The modern version of this May day was first observed in 1907. What is the day? Answer at noon.
Getting closer and closer to a local gig...stay tuned!! The Birthday Weekend kicks off, tomorrow!!
best song by wiz in my opinion
as unceremonious as throwing away an old toothbrush is, it isn't without emotion. you served me well, you old so-and-so.
David Ortiz just left with an injured foot? That can't be good. (Imagine his HR trots when he comes back, though!)
This absence of feeling was relieving, comforting, but did not cease her racing mind; despite the overwhelming waves of intoxication.
Life isn't about finding yourself. it's about creating yourself.
Something like that you're gonna have to take as it comes. Men don't always clean up either.
"How much does it cost to get to where the wild things are? If it is not expensive, my sister and I would like to spend the summer there."
Don't run and hide because your problems will catch up with you until you solve them.
Jules You probably said something sassy
GRAD STUDENTS
Prank calls were so much better before caller identification
Good to know! RT : We'll be releasing more the week of 4/8 so stay tuned!
how about we separate sexuality and professionalism? not clear that this is an improvement.
so many nice people on tumblr digging the new song :) if you happen to listen to it, let me know what you think!
Getting this head of mine together
lol yea but its my group on Thursday haha
Looking dumb while running away from a bee!!!
Not sure how you track pt. data but perhaps identify some procedures indicative of prev care approach & query database?
I'm blowing up Ur twitter(:
Excited about this! Thanks!
Need caffeine.....
These 24-hour zinesters are really trucking!
im so nervous. i just found out im takin drivers ed next year in feburary and im gonna get behind the wheel #Scared lol
hitting up the Sat for IndyCar and Le Mans, and I just found out Joan Jett & The Blackhearts are playing in the evening.
Help them. They're nice. 2012 followers for by Dec 16.
Carson Palmer sucks. No one cares about KC and Oakland or watching Shane Lechler punt. Please stop showing this garbage.
He conquers who endures.
Happy Mothers Day to the most amazing mom ever!!!! <33 lovee her so much no matter what :)
How long does it take to write a procedure? Probably my least favorite question. Any ideas?
I think is going for a Jheri curl!
I'm so jealous
It's so nice to feel people care about u! TY 4 ur kind words! Hope u have a gr8 day 2morrow.
A human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20
Where are you this year for the welcome back concert as ASU! Was a blast last year..they got Lupe Fiasco to come...garbage!
CHECK OUT HOT AFROCUBAN-RUMBA-SALSA CLASSES. LEARN TO DANCE, HAVE FUN AND GET A GREAT CARDIO WORKOUT!!!
it starts at 8:15 and ends at 2:15. How about over there?
I'm so excited, I just can't hide it... I'm about to lose control & I think I like it!
That's a good childhood. Favorite Motown number "I Wish it Would Rain" (there is a tough cover by the Faces on their boxset)
we added a long tall table at our SF office and it's a big hit.
Well, we have to get there between 8:30 - 9 am to sign up, then at 9, it's the warm-up stretch, and the walk is at 10.
If you like our FB page and tweet us a pic of you at the study abroad fair today, you'll have an even better chance to win a prize!
u welcome
Turns out I hang out enough at Boston oyster bars to have an informed debate with NOLA shuckers.
Maybe remove your nail polish in his room when he's going to bed tonight too.
Damn i want a Bakersfield Blaze hat..even tho it looks like a butterfly inside a flamin weed leaf
Why does it concern you if someone is a vegetarian? It doesn't so fuck off.
oh whoops! That's good to know. Hard to get my info straight from so far away
Lessons learned by successful/effective managers are roughly: 70% from tough jobs 20% from people (mostly the boss) 10% from courses/reading
Just saw a PG cop cut off an ambulance. Smh. Those couple seconds could mean life or death.
Lol good thing my eyes are way too dry so I didn't just cry.
RT Sunday is 's 25th birthday. All he wants is a Super Bowl berth. Go get it, young man.
YES-->Eliminate unprofitable services/products and focus on what makes money. Or outsource it.
Finally an episode of Glee where only good things happen! :)
Today was cool
#Congress: “#Afterschool programs have proven to reduce youth #crime, truancy, and improve #testscores.” –Amy R.
what are you wearing and did you win???
i remember warped tour randalls island and all that garbage getting thrown!! Haha
I love Austin Lee Stevens(:
RT : We want to see your pics & vids from from tomorrow's shareholder meeting. Use #VeriGreedy & #99Spring in your tweets!
happy anniversary weekend!!
RT This is a great day for the Buffalo community, the #Bills organization & our fans! ... See you at 1:45 pm.
just posted a picture!
Happy Winter Solstice. The Shortest Day of the Year!
“We want to instantly connect people everywhere to (*who* and) what are most important to them."
JT, regarding me getting points for a passing garbage truck: If I had a phone, I'd post that to Dad. He'd be so mad.
Thank you for a super fun catch up session ... way overdue and we must plan something again soon!
he's a badass sexy mofo 😍
Literal or figurative? I have thoughts on both RT : What Part Does Saving-Energy Play in Cutting Fat From Healthcare Operations?
KU - MU for the national championship. Love the way they set this up so that could happen. Both teams got really nice draws.
HAHA thanks Patty!!
Im going to be so busy tomorrow its not even funny. The new NKOTBSB song don't turn out the lights is addicting. I sing it every day.
Udall: "Plans to protect air and water, wilderness and wildlife are in fact plans to protect man" Yes! It has to be about people!
Sleepover with
Peanut butter tacos. My life will never be the same.
Ill be in the building.5/27
I need to find a twitter boo for my bio. Everyone's got one but me : (
“: The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.”
If you a zero I can be yo hero lol..
Heard protester who bit cop's finger thought it was a hot dog.
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
Did you see the Jay-Z sketch on SNL last night? Jay Pharoah's impression is pretty good.
Your hunch may be correct. Maine lacks life on his fastball and confidence in himself. Maybe he needs a minor-league stint.
Shout out to my fam n the boot. B back soon.
keep your head up Mike. Still 6 rounds to go. You'd be perfect for Mr. Irrelevant
Wow, Ryan and I are saddened to hear that. Unfortunately, not a lot of Americans know of her.
The RUMOR out of China is that N.#Korean leader, Kim Jung-un was assassinated today. I stress that this is unconfirmed, pure speculation.
All the creepy ways of being hacked. Great, great finale!
U need to get me some followers now loll!!
I hate Mondays.. I never wanna wake up!
Need takeout? Just order online @ www.Mumbaibistro.com and your order will be ready in 15 - 20 mins for pickup!
Group applauds comment re: Dodd/Frank limiting business growth at
I have to say that the do-over potential of an Etch A Sketch life is mighty tempting. Just shake and restart!
What could it be??
Get her there! RT : Sitting at 499 followers.... Hm... Will it hit 500 or dwindle down !!
please go to a local shelter and adopt. #WaysideWaifs or #HeartlandSPCA are the two big names in town!
D-Rock's bachelor party is about to get going!!!
At dinner sitting next to a lefty
Working and rooting for the Timbers today. Also, trying not to buy all the new, cool t-shirts and jackets we got in. Go Timbers!!
Need to choose a hash tag for events that transpire in the DC public alley over which my apartment looks.
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I rented "Moonwalker" every weekend. Michael Jackson was my hero and I couldn't pronounce the word "pedophile".
wait, what?!
Out Bitches! Come party!
#hipsterproblems skinny jeans too tight....bout to tear through them
Actually, it (hopefully) didn't end for good. A season five should still be coming. Maybe. Please?
How do start your fiesta??? By dancing in the rain... hell yeah!!
You know what? I really like using #disqus for comments on anything that needs comments. Thanks !
Just can't help but get indigant: I pay them w/taxes, pay extra postage, they have a car, I don't. All I'm asking is job-doing.
thanks for the retweet! We had a great show tonight ;-)
##to full
Finally Back! Forgot My PASSWORD! :D
Took a moment to reflect on my BIGGEST mistakes....guess what I'm still standing!
Yankees Battle a Shifting Tide Teams are putting the shift on more and more against the Yankees —and it's showing in the box scores
Thank you, I've been searching for the photos, but couldn't find them :)
Anybody else physically wave off Chalmers when he was doing jumping jacks for the ball by the 3-point line?
“: man fuck this I miss that nigga I was with” :( our old familia
With the announcement of the Foo Fighters being at Summerfest, I'm wondering if they will just let me camp there for the 11 days.
i think could make a better president than
DM me the acct tel #, i'll check and make sure everything is in order on my end
and people in hell want ice water (j/k).
We found the issue- country was being automatically set. The fix will be out in just a few minutes. Thanks for letting us know!
I miss you too
OK good!
yes I did. Thanks xoxo
when are you getting here??
Great twitterer show their greatness by the way they treat new twitterers ~
my birthday is in 7 days and i would appreciate it if i got a happy birthday from you when it happens
aw blush ;/
Better than a thousand days of diligent study is one day with a great teacher. -Japanese Proverb
yeah-I do notice that and think weather manipulation! Your thoughts on possible viral particulates?
:D sounds like a fun day xD
And we're back. Hotel is sending very mixed messages about what to do. Hooray for PCC presenters carrying on.
Starting a rainy Saturday with delicious , a subscription-based coffee service, after learning about it with
Ah!! Sportin' new skins! Look for me spinning my wheels around MKE! Woot!
And. Here. We. Go.
Watching #PrettyLittleLiars with Destiny :) then Lindsey is coming for a movie :) GIRL'S NIGHT
Cultural Stone-Malverne
what do u do when you have feelings for someone but now they are gone and you never said anything?
I swear I've bought wine from this guy!
you better yell it . change that to ain't shit vs no good . How the hell this nigga don't tell y'all we together . got his ass
Green Metropolis by David Owen is a great one that has been getting a lot of coverage lately.
come on let's go
A bad girl trying to be good:/.
"The most powerful motivation is fun." -
Leave this world, enter the next
LeBrick James helping the #Heat blow a 17 point lead & miss clutch shots late...while that 'old' guy Kobe dropped 48 on the #Suns..!!
Money Saving Tip #30: Give a gift of a service instead of an item.
That's awesome.
Thanks at you!
it's not about those who do not want to get married it's about those who want to get married.
Living in Salem during Halloween is like living at the North Pole during Christmas. So, yes, it is the plot of Nightmare Before Christmas.
I love going one mph on the highway....
Dont miss our final sermon in the Love Life Rehab series this Sunday!!!
Question: What do you call a male meter-maid?
#ThingsIHate Alex Rodriguez
your tweets are stupid.
Yup we're in Pgh Chi and Bos now!
Wow denver you now have mexican delivery call today and stay out of the rain! picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo 303-999-0785
and here goes :-)
Amen. RT : middle enduring, process is hard. Even when you know what God says its the preparation like Esther.
TIP: When you have a chance, sit down at a table with a pro player or jus observe them. Try to learn what they do and learn every second.
I ordered a set of clubs this weekend -ladies Di9. I'm ready to dominate-and when I say dominate I mean fix my out-of-shape game
Enjoy! Thanks again for using ShowClix Greg :)
Great people I follow and get immense benefit from always , , , , ,
SICKING IS IT NOT?....
Excited to be at the women's session of the Texas Evangelism Conference! Donna Gaines is about to speak so pray!!!
is my new hero. Love the series #AmericaRevealed on
#bandsimseeingin2012 Us! :-D
and tearing them apart on the right side. And is a beast.
Good morning tweeters!
Please join us for yoga this evening @ 5:30 & 7pm. New students: 1 week free of unlimited group classes & 1 free private pilates class!
What the fuck?!?! Things that trend this days make me sad...
When you're done, just hit SEND
Mayo?! Ugh that is foul.
Going to the dance with :D
Sad day get better Derrick rose
Amazing game boyss
Keeping the couch warm, watching the Phillies and getting into a bedtime state of mind.
Rooting for ❤ But everyone on that stage deserves this. Best of luck to all of them.
"Wax wings, High hopes. Long fall."
thank you. <3
Many thanks! Cheers!
I tip my hat to the social workers of the world. Quite the job.
channeling your inner Clay Matthews.
That's Seattle hop-hop. A but above. RT The word Bitch is always wack.
here i am aint going nowhere
words can't describe how happy i am to see the back on that abdc stage.
Merry Christmas :)
I REALLY hate being sick.... =(
Guys, it has been an absolute pleasure working with you all this season. Thank you for everything.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
lol hey kissy face! I would smash Wendy if she didn't talk....at all lol. What's up
u r the perfect guy. I love to go on cruises and spend time at the beach. I love romance.
I love your tweets there the best they make me smile thankyouu austyy I loveyouu<33
beware all suckers, ya froze like icicles.
It's your last chance to win $20 from Seamless. Get those guesses in before midnight tonight!
The power was out at my house almost all day yesterday, due to a lightning strike.
What do YOU like about working from home? Am taking a survey, so give me your opinion....I love what I do and live the life I love! Helene
found u on twitter :) u rock, john
If she don't reply the 1st time. Why would you think she will the 5th, 6th time? O.o
Hey, tweetfind.com has some free tools that can help you unfollow who is not following you and follow who is. games suck!
Who stole from the store?? The alarm was going crazy!!
Still can't figure out how removing "not for human consumption" and adding "JWH" would make any difference AT ALL!
EVERYONE TEXT BOMB THIS NUMBER!!!!! 315-378-7576 TWEET ME IF YOU DO!
"Better never than late." ~George Bernard Shaw
(Miami) tonite we live at 4 the homie b day bash!!!
obviously voting nonstop for mos wanted
Stanton should have 2 already :(
": are u going to amnesia" NO AFTERHOURS TONIGHT ,PURGATORY AFTERHOURS OPENS NEXT SAT
Sure, send me an e-mail and I'll answer your questions, eric at trulynetworks dot com
only if i was an older white man! i would have pulled it off. i seriously sincerely tried to milk this. wanted to go! go go go..
Spoke to students from Lower Burrell, PA all the way up to Greenville, PA and this year has just started.
Missing my siblings extra bad today. Can someone please invent teleportation, pretty please?
I miss you. I do love you. I did love you. I cared. You were my everything. I miss you so much. You were my complete part of life.
Today at school there was a character day where u have to dress up,& i dressed up like u DAHVIE!<333 i pulled it off(: im proud
I wish I was Pete Wentz's kid ugh
Lawd it is so funny to hear an elder say "azzmee" for asthma kmsl gotta love em :)
So did any of our followers watch any Prom premiere red carpet footage? If so, who were your favorites?
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Albert Einstein
The word of God burst life every day. Have a blessed week! Pas
Gimme some Mass Pike already.
Yup. Melvin said Gamel will get his chance to win job outright RT In part, it's because Green hits LH like Gamel.
#THINGSYOUDONTDODURINGSEX Send Tweets!
I feel like I should watch Major League 1 and 2 this weekend in honor of
mornig vegas! new pics were fun to shoot and came out great hope all has a great day
You want me back but none of this helps you at all smh
You know that 's GF was a cast member, right?
i see wut u did there lol bt im serious..
good luck!
Newt teamed up with Chuck Norris lol All shall perish!
awesome!!! U in chicago?
The LORD is good to those who wait for Him, to the person who seeks Him. - Lamentations 3:25
Love that all pro foot ball players are wearing pink today :)
S/O to the guy who legally changed his name to Tyrannosaurus Rex...That's pretty cool to me...
Thx for the job title love. I'm a regular at Buzz Bakery, Grape & Bean in Alexandria if you ever want to meet to talk shop.
Saturday the 19th would likely be the best day. and checking out your show would be cool
We were on fire last night wow! Great night and next weekend will definitely be a sight to behold! Happy Sunday friends!
I am going to drive down ASAP tomorrow to see him  just look and cuddle! Hahaha maybe he should meet Brandy.!
Don't you mess up, mess up, I don't wanna lose you.
Upon install: "An unknown issue has occurred… Google Drive must quit…" bad bad bad
When are the Heat fans going to realize they have an #Average team
Blow it up
doing good buddy!
#ThingsIveLearned When something goes wrong, move on. It's not the end of the world. :)
#casually overdosing on advil.
The weekend is almost here! If you need a Munchkin Minder- let us know!
Went out dressed like Rosie the Riveter for an American themed party. No one knew who she was. Oh wells.
There's no point in having this iPhone. (My older one). But I'm not allowed to sell it. Okay.
Thanks for the #FF mention. Hope your having a delicious week!
NYU now has an Abu Dhabi site & build Shanghai
Today is another breath.
Your house wash away, it common problem.
Today I'm making homemade vanilla ice cream and blackberry/raspberry pie. I might as well not even try for anything healthy in the meantime.
Kobe's window appeared to be shrinking...
Bet that was a great show!
How was your trip?
Beyond excited for all of my friends going through placement tonight!! Love y'all!!
Headin back in
now I don't think if gannondorf when I see your tweets
alli can i get a follow from you? it would mean the world to me <3 i love you (: you are so pretty *o*
Personal Training Promotions this month! for more info!
Yeah - it's only a mile from my house, so that makes a difference!
If Your Tweeting Than Im Retweeting It.
New song Saturday. Can't wait
Barely more than 1,000 emails behind you ... RT : Sunday, April 8, 2012, 8:45 a.m., achieved the impossible dream: INBOX ZERO.
you should have answered when called you
This is taking waay to long D:
At taco bell yum! :p
Dunkin Donuts mentioned again: - RT oreo milkshakes from dunkin donuts &gt;&gt;&gt;
okay i paid $50 of the tickets. so i guess it is only like 3/4 of a ticket. but still. lol
Hopkins Homewood... we will be at the San Martin Center Carnegie Institution area today 11-2.
I noticed this after I sent the tweet. Still surprised its been down this long.
I rarely use my laptop, I'm mostly on my phone 📱
Follow the new twitter feed for announcements of Media Arts and Practice exhibitions, talks, workshops and more!
J.R. Smith for 3! Just spotted Mark Zuckerberg sitting behind the knicks bench.
awe too sweet! U my gurl!
stop tweeting and I'll stop cause I'm trying to sleep!!
#imagine Austin:Lets commit the perfect crime i steel your heart you steel mine You:Okauy how bout now*smiles*Austin:*kisses you* -anna
"Now I see the secret of the making of the best persons; it is to grow in the open air & eat and sleep with the Earth"
I might get to talk to John ocallaghan on the phone tomorrow
yes! I'm excited! And sounds good just let me know for sure
Another boring rainy day..
PodCast ready to go..::: Details soon:***^^^
Soccer pictures for aubrey
One of these days, I hope this truck makes it somewhere near the corner of H and Third in Chula Vista. Please!
I HATE auto correct.
Anyone else see the irony that our #railsconf lunch pies were cooked in an easy-bake?
Crazy! “ 85% of the authors on are unpaid. shares how you attract masses to your business to #smcsd.”
CD Release Party tonight @ Pops for Champagne for The Rose Colella Trio's new album "Small Hours" 9-Midnight popsforchampagne.com
Great book though. Love it
I really wish The LeBrontologist had to get through the West gauntlet of LA SA OKC Memphis and Dallas. Everyone hurt out East. *ASSterisk
looking for gigs in NWA
Had the Counselors Room last night.today breakfast at La Peeps,and McD's Angus burger with Hi'C Orange 4 lunch!
my laundromat has wifi. i have so many questions as to what is socially expectable at this point in time.
History lesson: When top tax rate was 91%, employers paid more with benefits to avoid those high taxes. Employees spent - economy soared!
and I'm proud of it!
No. The one from Maddie and I is MIA. I gave you the one I painted for your sweet 16. So yell at Maddie, I don't even have it.
I could so say something but I'm going to be nice to you .. This week!
Whats good man?
Happy birthdays
I'm melting
I'm sampling Schlitz and PBR at Piggly Wiggly in Cedarburg today from 2-4p. Come visit if u live in the north shore area!
Careerism — the philosophy of governing to win the next election above all else — is the root of almost all that ails Washington,
Walkin to school
Thanks for the mention. Have a great week.
Of course(:
He better get this
Try to buy in your community
New phone tomorrow hopefully its not defective too
New study: Students report feeling "supremely confident" about ability to get jobs filling in bubbles. #WhosHiring?
Great pic. #GratefulDead = best band ever!
Just played with an Apple Newton...wow!
I've been doing okay with all these events, but tonight I'm feeling really tired. Bring on July 1st!
Your Amazing Sarah I love your keeks and tweets . P.S : #AlexSarahEqaulsWordsCutestCouple ~!Angelina!~
this week is packed but maybe next tues or weds?
great songs u guys <3
already impressing the vatech profs with yer
Hey Rob. I want to check out some of your musical endeavors. What should I listen to first?
That awkward moment when you're with Marines at the air show and yell out "Omg! It's Leon Panetta"... and it's not.
AIRBALLED FREE THROW! IMPORTANT!
:) what's your due date again?
...extra cheese is on the secret menu 😜 cheddar and Swiss is another fave, also Swiss and bleu
i hate girls who act lke another girl is their ex like wtf
I'm too lazy ride today, but not too lazy to drink my team sponsor's beverages. Figures.
Thanks, the stream is looking lovely!
Saw SF State U Afro-Cuban Ensemble. Great voices, solid percussion...Dr. JOhn Calloway strikes again.
Pain tolerance, need more of that.
Hey Terra, we just met with a CD... We haven't worked with him, but he might be worth checking - www.theDoyle.com
love family
i know the feeling :)
Keanu Reeves turns 47 today. I loved him in Hardball. He's spooky sexy.
um, you're welcome!
"I just tweeted a good one."
“We might die from medication, but we sure killed all the pain
So true! RT : RT : sore body today = strong body tomorrow.
im starting my story again!! :)
Cops: Alcohol a factor in wrong-way crash
Wen I had to change skol wen I was 9 this girl was giving the look then I started to flip!I had high temper but not any more unles u provote
is the cutest thing ever & when I watch his videos I can't help but smile. (:
2 points for puffy clouds!
Maddy.. text me, bitch(;
This girls gut man
The Chula Vista Chamber has endorsed & Susan Davis for the 53rd Congressional District.
lovely linda, i am not aware of any personally, but be in touch, if I come across any I will let you know.
oh thank you!!!! Will grab it next time.
yes, but what's the phone for?
Share w/us the most important lesson you learned about yourself when making your film(s)/writing screenplay(s)?
so proud of you!!!
Just confirmed: Johanna Kunin from Portland will join us for our festive holiday concerts on Dec. 11 at the Fremont Abbey!
I've got a date with the tax man.
I have to pay 450,000 Eavs for another 250 [I have 1750 invested in now]
Thanks! She's my fave
And then sometimes you have to kill Apache because everything seems to be taking a dump,
Like to welcome Sony Studios for backing the Block Card!
lol I was just about to txt u too . U saw the pic of Kobe crying ???
aaahh...hope you'll get better soon!
ladies, there is nothing dirtier than basting a bird!
"Space to yourself" is an important value in a relationship.
you too <3
Have a full afternoon/ evening of crafting planned. First up is a finishing class at Gauge (yarn store).
LOVE today's Google Doodle. :)
just sent in an email about endorsement! Hoping to rep arkaik soon!!
I always say that! But no one knows what I'm talking about. Haha
Just landed, back in my second home 😁😃😊
Don't forget to follow all of Zack Bruell's restaurants. , , and soon to open
wait r u out or home cuz we r out and I'm driving, bottle when I get home.
Words we most often 4get. Please & Thank You. #Be kind
What would u do with a time machine.
Cashmere thoughts
of course :)
I guess you just not a leader nephew...lol
darn. was gonna join you if it was in midtown.
Going to see The Dictator at midnight
"So you're ruling out surrogacy so I don't need to know what that means" sometimes I relate to much to Joey and Phoebe
I can see clearly now the rain is gone...
Plus, you're just down the road from me. I teach at Marylhurst and direct their new English and Digital Humanities program.
Amazon redesign.... is glorious.
Damn, i seriously need to quit fucking w/ broke ppl..
talk to me
feel better baby girl <3 almost a week before I come visit :) #hanginthereboo <3
congrats on your national championship!
In an online poll from Special Events, respondents say the hippest colors for 2012 are neon colors.
Damn it, I'v had it with all this BullShit. I'm tired of fighting the GOP on one hand and fighting the Pro Left on the other...
Having a great day. Got a fab hair cut. Booked 30 Rock for Monday! & Now off to the theatre to see Ellen Burstyn in a new play. Perfect.
well then do you want him
seriously shows
So women can be the property of men, duh!
. Maybe it should be
True enuff!! RT Holy Fuck, you can substitute Greek yogurt for anything! I'm currently shaving with it.
I shouldn't pick on just Staples. Screw Wal-Mart too. Screw any retail shop that treats their workers like shit. Retail needs unions.
Is it the weekend yet
thanks... fixed itself... now accepting pw's just fine....
Looking forward to your tweets...
Cinco de Drinko maybe in 30 minutes, but I'm starting now.
haha yeah it would be!! especially playing lacrosse :P
#TwSIG Which is best to list, the @ and name, or the URL? Twitter icon "T" and account name is another way on a print piece.
RT : It is not only a screening but also a mini-FOUND show... what are you waiting for?! Buy your tickets now!...
OMFG HE GREW UP SO MUCH :')
Two spellers left...
It's a perfect sunny and chilly Baltimore morning!
Join Maestro @ 3:34 pm in front of ballroom CDE #astd10 to discuss : eLearning trends, what are you facing? Chocolate PROVIDED!
CEOs that flew on their private jets to D.C. begging for bailouts sticks in my mind as the height of arrogance and insensitivity.
If This Isn't Love , Tell Me What It Is... I Could Tripping Or Just Plain Crazy..
Backhanded compliment RT : Impressed by how many of my students have turned in their final essays a day early.
RT Rihanna and Chris Brown collaborated on new songs. Padmé and Vader to follow with "You Take My Breath Away (Force choke)".
#im going to school now :(
thank you so much, aw!
I would have so much time back if I wasn't tweeting. Thinking about a break...
more coffee ; )
Love your new avatar Rebecca!
Spend the afternoon. You can't take it with you. ~Annie Dillard
wrapped again and be in pain.. Idk how to tell them.. Hm.. Sketchy
Yes! 10minutes away on !
yes that is bad but what do you expect from that class
RT if you use the women's bathroom when ever possible.
Great experience at #shiftvegas with & learning & building Coworking spaces 4 the community with
Successful authors think in a serial fashion, writing in sequence creates rhythmic and impact.
wow i just witnessed an amazing man for once straight up bought our groceries =P love u krew!!! ->KimBeezy<-
It makes me feel so good when women over the age of 1000000 tell me I'm handsome but women under 1000000 don't acknowledge my existence.
No and I can tell you why I dont....
you stuck watching big time rush or something like that big dog?
FREE PIZZA HUT LARGE ANY TOPPINGS KEYWORD OPRAH
I just used the words "bourgeois" and "zoo" in the same sentence
Only a couple of hours away until the St Patty's day craziness begins! Head out to BRINK ORLANDO ILL BE SPINNING! OPEN BAR 11-12!...
Whatever keeps you warm at night...
hey, you l'eggo my Eggo!
it's brutal
# raw punk thank you thank you that was truely epic put down
I have hair that needs played with
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Laurel Tavern - Pub (live updates)
RT : Free and open to the public! #UDCActionSummit This Friday!!! Will Allen will be speaking!!
#69 | Because we already listed #96... ART!
New business page that's here to support all my people coming up in the game & wanna make history in this world. <FOLLOW PAGE>
It's 3-2-1 Tuesdays: $3 UV Bombs, $2 UV Martinis and $1 PBR!!! Show this snow what's up and get a drink with CRISP!
Need an HD DVR that you can watch on your laptop or tablet? Call me at 350-6428. I'm your friendly neighborhood Satellite Man!
thanks for the RT :)
So am i
why? how? when? where?
2nd period under way
Oh god, why'd I say that?
Thanks for RT!! Have an excellent day!!
to be Detroit for 30 mins - Completely burned out? lol
Jst got to work
Nation's Air Improving, Even in L.A.
free trade agreement bet japan and u.s
#YOUNGGOONIESRDK we sellin candy out here come chicago!!!
On the contrary. I just put when I learned to on my Facebook timeline. If it's on there, it's real!
This nigga over here cuttin up.
21 Jump Street was hilarious!
"Absence makes the heart grow fonder." Not really
does Mac and cheese count??
Daily Dose of Goodness: Today, deny yourself something. The cheapest toilet paper is quite sufficient.
one word:HOT.
are we talkin' Sean Penn's PLEDGE? or something premiering at Sundance?
#procrastinationproblems when i am totally ok spending the time/effort to do other people's homework and then can't focus on my own HELP ME!
Lol pay for my weave
As long as you don't water down your booze.
Somehow we got a whole bar in Pittsburgh to put $5 in for the Derby. C'mon, Dullahan... Erin wants free dinner.
Bridesmaids was great comedy. Definitely a rave.
sounds like a great $1 kalbi steak, pulled roast chicken or duck tacos tonight! #Ahhmmazzin!
wow i thought he was smarter than thag
Stoked for my boy that his daughter arrived! Children are a blessing from the Lord!!!
Why??? He is our worst reliever....
: wats ur # again i gotta new phone boo!
What time is it? Gold Week time! Come in and save 20% off your favorite products!
I need to stop eatin so much junk food
#followFriday #hilarious tweets about the dumb stuff bands do.
Do your actions make your customers excited about referring you to their colleagues?
Wow! RT : Banks Return to #CRE Lending #CMBS Market Poised for Takeoff Rocketing to Infinity and Beyond
#PrettyLittleLiars tonight!! Can't wait!:D
“: The oldest known goldfish lived to 41 years of age. Its name was Fred.”
Had a weird dream last night that Tim Lincecum got traded to the Cubs. The Giants received the entire Cubs minor league system in return.
“: We get it, your catholic. You don't have to wear your Ash Wednesday blotch out to the bar.” I'm wearing it behind the bar
God is just simply amazing.
I wanna go out to eat
Running with no socks is like running on a cloud...what does that say about me?
What u doing for your daughter birthday I ask n he said he didn't know ask u
call me a idiot, but after the MCR/Blink Civic tour line up last year, I'm relatively uninterested in the line up this year.
So my professor scheduled my last final of my college career..on my birthday
were at so i can post it brother
congrats bud!
We want to make an interactive community effort for local businesses and invite everybody who is interested to get into the game to play...
Maybe you can do a kickstarter to get the money. Crowdfund your crowdfunding!
your little sister >> anyone else in the world.
First final down in 13 minutes.
Talk to your local library about hosting a free program on a topic related to your industry.
#Weather forecast is spot on today except for being dead wrong.
RT : i dont give two fucks, because in the end, the one that ends up losing is you.
Today is turning into another 10+ hour day... deep breath... I love what I do, I love what I do, I love what I do...
Email the tracks so i can hear em
Haha. He followed Rayna and she called Alexandria when he did and screamed in the phone =P
Thanks and all because I read your blog last year about Doubleback
Yea bitch I smell like weed, quit fuckin starin at me b4 I get ur kid high
Don't know what to do anymore
We just saw a wizard literally
this guy
Im goin Ham tonight...
Thank you sir. I may need a transfusion but we'll press onward!
The perceptions/fictions of slavery, talking about papers (x2), and then talking about Islam in the 21st Century.
Need to find a way to force brokers into flashseats so we can see who is buying from them and sell them ourselves
I sang the banana boat song/day-o beautifully last night at karaoke!!! Did Mr. Belafonte proud!
not a good look...
are you also thinking about that weekend we spent together? You were so gentle AND confident, ya big slut u
#ABA update: discussing worker classification issues under #IRS voluntary compliance program
Thanks Dean. You are a gentleman and a scholar. How about those other accounts?
I already follow you sir
Pacific Northwest, you are crazy beautiful.
SHOT OUT to my FOLLOWERS who FOLLOW BACK
Ridin & came 2 a fork in the road we took the road 2 success if you not fully down for this ride we can put you out on the side of the road
not to crap on your dream or anything, but don't you feel like there's already a ton of symbolic/memorial HIV/AIDS stuff?
$alute gm tweeps! Thanks for the continue support,we are beyond grateful.We have have something major on the way.
Just got asked out on a date! He was such a sweetheart to, I hated saying no. But I got eyes on someone else... 😍😘
This conference, is being put together by local entrepreneurs, contact me if you would like to contribute
Love Daniel Craig, but Timothy Dalton in The Living Daylights: THAT'S my #007. Last cold war Bond. A-Ha + Pretenders music. Last John Barry.
It ain't Krav is someone doesn't get kicked in the nuts (according to my Krav teacher).
let us not forget Bret Saberhagen and his supersoaker full of bleach that he used to douse a bunch of Mets' beat reporters.
How are you going to reawaken your childlike imagination?
Welcome to team ! I look forward to learning from you. ;)
A total of 7 players have 2 fouls at halftime. (3 for UK, 4 for IU.)
great day to be laying out by the baseball field with a shack wrap and pretzels!
I do! Big ups!
Friday. Friday. Friday. Maxi Burger on a french roll w/ bbq fries - oh yeah! Friday.
IM TIRED GOODNIGHT GREAT CONCERT TONIGHT
Happy Birthday!!! :) and I send hugs & kisses!
Just finished workout #1 bi's and tri's then 45 minutes on, "The Beast", the Stairmaster! Gotta eat now...
Moore, Fluke Or, I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings. Wonderful SF exploration of whales, whale science, human exploitation. Thanks
You are welcome! We love Hope to have her back soon.
"Post twitter stress disorder" ~
False RT : Good boys ain't no fun.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "O me and this yeast infection not agreeing today!"
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Buenos días! What are your #scholarship applications deadlines? Definitely want to share them w/ our students! :)
don't make fun of me! Lol!
Then again, recognizing Panetta's writing from his time as Clinton CoS while I was at WH is special, lost w
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Dnt feel good :(
I can imagine the frustration Philly feels w/ Richie/Carter. It was an easy transition for me since I love both teams.
There was no way Mayweather was gonna lose!
Im gonna miss you so much! We tell each other any and everything. That better not change.
you WOULD retweet that..thanks bud (;
Cool dude! Wish I could have been there!
Make your intentions specific. Intentions should be like directions to your mind to tell you what to do in the scene since acting is doing.
Gettin hungry. Guess I'll play some #Esthero, shower, & make me & my hungover-honey some breakfast
Friday, I better see all you fuckers (: hopefully haha.
Happy Birthday to all #November Babies! #Paradise Valley Mall
just not as much. And think about the new jobs the maintenance of the machines has created.
Have some nuts pick 1 overtime winner!!! Going Fisher!
Thanks for the mention. Wish you were in town for it too!
no west coast dates at all? I have nothing to look forward to in the fall now ...
Which parts do you not think are accurate. Its based on stuff you have said.
That was a long night .. Waiting for my babe to get here then going to sleep !
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 23
sure am! I play in FTSK and this is my band. Hope you enjoy the music! --
go get 'em!
i actually still have the toothbrush in my mouth
sounds like you are though!
It is so hot out!
Rip to Mike Brockers career
I'm really sorry to hear that happened! We have released a new cup with a raised bottom so it will be harder for things of that
I can't WAIT for tomorrow night!!! party!
Underground Podcast #2: Ricky Landell d. Hayden Young with the Top Rope Fist Drop.
I watched the Jersey Shore today, for the first time. It was a dumbing experience. I could almost feel the IQs dropping from my intellect.
People say they're there for me.. But In the end I still feel alone.
. faces rival Minnesota-Duluth at 4:37 PM on Friday. Winner plays MIN/ND Sat at 7. We'll have live coverage from AMSOIL Arena
about to head over to the rio for the 25k HU. lets start this summer off right!
I wanted to share some godaddy coupons that work
Ever heard of a company maxing out Google's search engine???? OURS DID! Now we partner with Microsoft fast to do our E-
Lot of the probs with the story would be settled if Saber revealed his source. Or is it that there is no source?
Best part of today is looking for my goodie filled basket later!!!
I think we all did ;-) RT : it was boring ! But I liked the 12.06 dismissal :)
well mate. NYC is a hard little place but you will manage.
Who are the community "fixers"? Foreign correspondents PAY fixers. Don't buy food for them. Pay them.
If you have the right type of enemies that means you are doing something right
Angela! We hope that you have a chance to 2 listen to & dig you some Secret Skwirl. Best & Success!
Just bought some fresh lemonade from these kids posted up in my neighborhood. Feels good to help out some young entrepreneurs! Lol
Haha, you know it!
what is the best online website builder?
Some more Gadar documents in the mail. Will post today or tomorrow.
Anyone who promises to put one of my campaign Yard signs in thier frontyard gets a free Tequila shot!
Oh shoot.. too many commas RT It is VITAL to know when to put the period on the end of the sentence & close the book.
About to start Episode 5...get your comments, questions, concerns NOW!
Job hunting by myself :x
Dumb people shouldn't be allowed to drive in snow...
no problem sir. Looking forward to retweeting ya.
If you don't trust anyone, you probably can't be trusted.
Oh man, I get older next week...
#Health Tip: Boost your mood by munching on pumpkin seeds: promote the feel-good hormone serotonin.
yeah, the Min-Piece is great, but I've wanted a Camaro forever... We'll see if it makes sense
I hope you are having a great day!
Not saying you shouldn't see #JackAndJill but couldn't that one wait until rental? Signed #99 on the D-List
I am now going to use the phrase "battle dress" as often as possible.
Yes, what was that again?
I am free most any time after 6:30 If it's during the week and anytime on weekends
"In ime, a leaf upon a barren tree will grow." GREAT NEW FRONTIERS ON THE HORIZON FOR "THE TOYMAKER" ... Details soon!
My boyfriend and bestfriends are goin to gradnite and I'm here laying down in bed. I'm such a loser.
Writing my story on the new #USO at TIA and trying to watch the Badgers beat up on Montana is challenging.
Someone tell the ghost of MLK and were the first blk guys to watch "the man who fell to earth" without laughing.
RT - Watching this documentary on Bill Bellicheck & The New England Patriots on NFLTV....this mug is real
Love a #nude special vacation 4 nights $399 visit us
not good dm me
(Booty-Call) lol
Lots of great groups & NGO's at #Tcamp12 generating amazing data & content. Add that content to #Wikipedia to maximize its reach & impact
I cannot stand insensitive people..like seriously.
circle circle dot dot, this kid got some
Right, you are! But at least the day has finally come! Have fun!
#tweetdeck Can you add followers besides clicking on other actions-user-follow?
I thank everyone that is praying for me, the devil wants me destroyed, but the angels have my back.
Not surprised. 
Feseral refund check is here. Ordering new bed set once the check clears!
I definitely feel like my skills have gotten stronger since graduating. Very good feeling!
Thanks, Ms. Aitch. But re "schlongendorfers," are you antineologistic, or just euphemistically unpersuaded?
Happy mothers day only place to celebrate 2nite is #LuxSundays | Text luxsundays to 74455 for free entry
your our eyes and hears from the tour can you send a live picture or video?
Thanks To My Bro For Shoutin Out My Followers Dats My Compton Goon
give and the passes they deserve them!
ah real cute..
On Fox trying to watch a missed episode and to navigate to 47 sec of footage I've had to 6min of ads, 3min of crying on twitter. What. The.
No kidding. Good luck to the kid, but lord, what are you thinking, Shabazz?
God Bless our troops. 🇺🇸
Thanks for the follow! Let us know what kind of info & updates a grad student like you wants to see from
#Headache :/ -A
A1: Can't recall if it was on a #MainStreet but once went to a Catholic church rehabbed as a brew pub, which was cool.
With muh girl tonight and party at tomorrow! #doesntgetbetter 💗💜💙😝
I'm wearing short sleeves. Not because it's warm enough today, but because it was warm enough 2 days ago.
Zac Efron: Bloody Boxers on 'Paperboy' Set
Cruising along the 17 Mile Drive (Pebble Beach). Amazing.
Sagamore Farm history comes alive with visit from a Vanderbilt
being a Go Getter
#Shoutout to myself for being composed in such hard times. I got too relaxed. Smh
i agree about it being more oriented to reg ed. there should be some guidelines about how it applies to SPED.
... reading your tweets (grin) ...
#BuildYourFans - 2 people in the music business matter, the artist & the fan. Anyone else should add value or get the hell out of the way.
Happy Easter! :D
Thanks for the follow and Hope you have a great weekend!
Jests that give pains are no jests.
RT : Just laid down the first two joints for the HEALTH WEALTH KNOWLEDGE OF SELF album. I Am Alive Now & 4 Laws of Wealth.
RT If you LOVE GOD
iight G, sounds good to me. :D
I feel like something is going on.
Dreading the fact I have to come back up here at 4...
James 3:2 says we should "control our tongues". Watch your words today. Give yourself a second or two to think before speaking.
did you laugh when they gave it to you?
thanks bro!!
Instead of getting toiletpapered... We got toileted.. #Iloveswim :)
Im thinking bout that now lol
#rkelly is such an amazing talent. I cried when he sang I look to you!
Looking for taxonomies of wrought iron architectural pieces. Will AAT be enough?
I decided to be #mixed today:)
Oh my goodness! Where is that?
We meant to say it sooner, but our thoughts are with the people of Oslo & with our colleagues at Tapir & Oslo Academic Press. ()
I have a chili hangover
Stayed home again bit going bak to school tomorrow
Friggin' AWESOME!!! The Kaiser store on Nathan Road. Love it!
now that I don't do it for a living, putting on my FYC hat and proofreading things is actually fun
safe travels and great times and memories for all. The Force is with the Priest!!!
excellent, see you around 8
It's on my to-do list!! What is it with you and anyway? They paying you? ;)
So. how have things been around her lately.
that does look diariffic
Where are these to lakers rumors coming from
great goals!
We will get the video.
One more thing we can quote and laugh hysterically about together!
come listen to your favorite album on vinyl at SBS. Just got the new Friendly Fires album. Make your appt today (773) 252 - 9522!
Ditto, though has some Sebald starter kit recommendations for me, I believe.
Good luck to the Bat Cats tonight against UofL.
Question from : do you ever regret ur decision to wait until marriage to have sex? I'm adding: Do you wish you had waited?
hm I would try contacting your web host then, see if they changed something or can help you further :(
Season Finale of DEXTER!
Thanks! I'm still smiling and eating left over chili from Sunday's Packer game. :)
Hahahahaaa RT : Oh, this joke can't be good!
Imagining how awesome a BYX house would be.
Just got an ergonomic keyboard and mouse and am loving it. Seemed big and clunky at first but makes a huge difference. Highly recommend.
A friend loves at ALL times. - Proverbs 17:17
Just got off the phone with and Them niggas are some FOOLS!!!! Lmao!
"Don't waste time. Eventually, you will run out."
I have no idea but I hope they drop in more places
Aww, thanks! *blush* :)
I really feel you on this one.
I think we're headed for double digits in this Pens-Flyers game... Double digits for each team.
They see me rollin, im a third wheel.. (x
morning bro hope all is well with you today. Have great productive day
…Used to get this letter regularly: "Hey Sarah, remember that time we paid for your education? We'd sure love that $ back in tax dollars!"…
-People say Tebow isn't da guy, BUT there aren't any Young QB's (2 Yr's or Less) in AFC better than him except maybe Andy Dalton
If any girl at the age of 27 approached me and handed me a phone number and said "call me maybe"... I'd immediately throw that number away
Memorial Day Mat Class Special: 10 Classes ONLY $10 each!!
is it called shattering glass?
My life has just been made. I might actually start watching TV JUST to see 's commercial. I love you Nic. You fucking made it.
He whose spirit is without restraint Is like a city that is broken down and without walls. (Proverbs 25:28
That makes one. “: .: "This decisions is an opp. to build something better for the people of San Diego."”
#exhausted from this school year...I've never wanted summer so much in my life.
No I do not. lol And nope I want a hologram of me! :)
is that a typo? I think MJ has probably been inside that boys body...but not as a reincarnation...
I hate it how if a girl hangs out with a guy people start thinking their dateing? really people really?
If you r gonna have a long ass convo on twitter just DM that is why it is there
was my client even b4 I met you! Small world!
I'll set one aside just for you
Oh you follow 14,000 people and I didn't make the cut? You must have high standards.
Almost forgot about this...
The Blue Man Group showing up in all my favorite TV shows is probably the best thing ever.
what time does nkotb com out on lido deck
YES cant wait!!!!!
thanks love: )
Ive come to realize that i can be a jealous person
Listening to some weird sneaker pimps remix of 6 underground. Not sure why.
RT : A rejected highfive is one of the biggest insults there is.
Did you forget love was dangerous? I feel like I'm... *Chorus ensues once again*
Eating Ono Hawaiian BBQ's macaroni salad is like eating straight mayonnaise. So wrong, yet so right. But so wrong.
Shake it like a what?? F*CK U!! #HU4L trend it guys!!
tortilla, pizza sauce, cheese, and a frying pan. 10 minute pizza.
ELI AND CLAIRE ARE GOING TO FALL BACK IN LOVE!!!!!<333333
I have to vomit. I have to vomit my brains out.
so awesome!
Lookin for a midnight kiss, any takers?
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 6
Join Our Twitterview With Tori Spelling! Calling all Tori & Dean: Home Sweet Hollywood fans! Tori Spelling will be doing a Twitterview wi
Randy Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
There is no point of teasing myself with this warm weather and I gotta go work at 5
yo u up home skillet
Had way to much Cafine this morning !!!! ☕☕☕☕☕
yeah it helps(: I forgot what time it usually is. I was thinking of Austin's Ustream. That'll be good(: I get hope around 7
They give them and many other Dutch Producers every week/weekend They prob have own towns
Channing Fugate with nice kickoff coverage for TN.
It use to surprise me that there were Hallmark stores. Now it surprises me that there is a Hallmark Channel.
FUCK BITCHES GET CONCERT TICKETS.
thanks to tacos I can eat lunch for $3 and die at 37.
JB: Maybe there is no reason not to toggle between objects & process on an axis of speeds and slownesses. This is what D&G do.
I hope do 2! Will checkout yr website
Thanks for the #FF ... BTW, check your Linkedin connections inbox.
I've shared your TEDMED talk ideas with many nurses! You rock!
Let's go Nova! Keep this lead.
#unisa is developing 6 signature online courses 2move from print-based instr. to online. A delegation is here w/us this week.
so is everyone going to start using the #insteadofdebating hashtag again?
:) I agree
Join & Ss Wed at 7pm EDT as Ss host & moderate #digcit talking abt 1:1 environments in school.
Ethics violations? RT : Yes, past performance does indicate future results. I will change Washington not manage the decay.
Y do niggaz keep lying on they Dick?
Great Los Feliz Towers Condo. Check it out! #kwri #Los Feliz #Hollywood #Griffith Park #Observatory #Dresden Room #dtwn #LA Live...
“: Wait... I actually can't believe I have an iPhone.” -- It's kind of amazing, isn't it? Almost heavenly.
got ya! Check out what I said to
HEY! A couple of us will be on NBC's FIRST LOOK tonight with The Cupid Players right after SNL! www.cupidplayers.com
you know it brah. Lol im sitting out now but we're 0-2.
Big congrats to the for setting a new domestic box office record for opening weekend!
its always work to just to catch up with what i did for complicated table cells, need better comments in code
The "texts from a dog" meme/site/Internet thing is cute, but in all seriousness I often wish I could text my dog while I'm at work.
did you watch the Portugal U20 game last night? Also is Nelson Oliveira part of the Benfica squad this year??
Thanks bro!
lol Yeah NOW
Coyotes are in playoffs and won division (pathetic attendance) ATL fans had a loser for 11 seasons.
yeah, you speak publicly what others are privately thinking.
Mr. Smithington...died 5 years ago of lung cancer 3 packs a day till the bitter end
Check us out! =D check it out and RT!!
yep(: & went to kmart, burger king & bought Emma a bearded dragon lizard thing :)
Saying YES it is then, I also found taking her to Anthrax when they are in town helps as well.
Totally caught the logic given there..
I love Milwaukee because it doesn't matter who you are, you can make Milwaukee your own! There is something for everyone!
better than eating the fancy soap.
Well said! Ours too RT : My passion is making ideas happen through technology
Im such a downer sometimes man :/
Another wonderful weekend in paradise. The sunny weekend made drying the coffee much quicker.
I wanna be at the beach with right NOW! BOO :(
I'm such a sucker; re-reading that post & thinking how awesome it is & there should be an entire blog in that style.
Showing up at 11:15 is typical of a Responsible Bar Owner. Especially when the sign on the door says "Open @ 11am"
Depends on how the folds/paper is. And if the holes are torn. Usually I re-use, in the few resewings I've done.
Woke up from my brief nap to find I have a reply from Christina Milian () That's awesome!
I hate selfish ass ppl
Theres always that one person who does shit in the most retarded way in a group of friends -_-
You still aren't explaining the scope of your edict.
thanks for the shout! :-)
can't listen to rumor has it without turning the volume waaayy up
People change, memories don't.
your're welcome :)
Damn you Girl Scout cookies...taunting me from the locked cabinet far, far away in my kitchen. #youwin you
Georgetown University please spread the word about our art contest, see our page for details!
Lester was drooling on himself by the end of that game. Totally bushed. Get in shape Jon Boy.
First reference request: Researching history of bear dens at Franklin Park Zoo
Going to the DV8 field today in Florida. Bringing my PKM and XCR!
you keep askin, I'll keep answering: I'm scared of Tebow this week w/ Det front line, but, he's got more upside. I go Tebow again
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. ~ Oscar Wilde
I remember seeing the Sun one day... Ah! Boy was it beautiful....
I LOVE food
I would recommend learning XHTML/CSS and what a grid based layout is.
“: Popping pain pills like a champ. #grandmawspreragative ”
you're no fun ;)
y can't I jus find u..
go by yo self lol. I never wait on anyone.
Good points on Q2.. Moving to Q3..
doing great, and you?
now following the wonderful FB!!?!?'
U are gorgeous x
talked to the girl whose heart stopped, literally, after she scored a goal to win her field hockey game. On at 11
still sending me jobs lol
Chrome is nice, but it still doesn't format XML docs
ya i think the storm is gonna squeak by i hope
Thanks very much for this information - Prevention & lifestyle key to good health!
maybe you as a #celtic ? just kidding...
People buy possibility, not process. Sell the possibility first; teach the process after they buy (via )
"Au-uh au-uh, Dude looks like a lady"
stay tuned to athensdcj sports on reports from in regards to the 1st bball injury of the season
Who was your favorite band tonight ?
WE ON TO ROUND 2!!!
If you are getting burned out on the forest setting in Kingdoms of Amalur, head east adn you will find deserts and other more open areas.
Baltimore D!!!!
hot twitpic! Xo! ;)
My brother should bring me food. PLSSSSSSSS.
I wouldn't want all those opportunities to see how bad my hair and makeup look!
Merry Christmas!
Who is coming to Power Play tomorrow? We are psyched!
She call me when she wanna fuck. I never call, she knows what's up.
those are hard to find
Of the 612 participants recruited through the Twitter online social network and surveyed through
The answer to that question is so easy, even a caveman could figure it out.
G+ redesign is great, but they still have the same user base. Maybe adding my friends to the service is Phase 2
i was going to ask you your thoughts. there were girls screaming in my ear the whole time, but i got more than i expected
6 houses to look at in the next 2days to list. Vacation in 2 days. Figures
This weekends weather <
Nice meeting you!
Right now you have 3 fingers behind your phone, your pinky tucked under for support, and you're scrolling with your thumb.
Sleep well. I LOVE that liberals respect our heritage enough to at least have spirited debate :-)
thanks for the follow!
Intentional walk in the top of the 1st... really LaRussa?
no fair!
I wanna go back to bed ^.^
Looking for moving boxes. Anyone in rva have some you can part with?
Hope Justin Anderson can play guard, because it would make no sense for Colts to add a tackle.
Follow us on FB or Twitter.
A little Monday #inspiration: "Stay far from timid. Only make moves when your heart's in it. And live the phrase, sky's the limit"
Founder & former CEO of TRAVELOCITY.COM, Chairman of KAYAK.COM and CIO of AMERICAN AIRLINES set to speak in Baltimore! www.Roadmap10.com.
Come get your late night snack on now at w/ !
Once upon a time, I was playing One Direction in line for a concert, and commented and we became best friends.
I respectfully disagree. And also, I may need to shop at different stores. RT: Gents-your jeans should not have ass buttons.
Thanks for the interest and I hope we can get you a magazine or two.
Why don't you have fun with your boyfriend. I always knew you liked boys.
Just saw that Charles Napier died (RIP). Funny how the Russ Meyer films were suspiciously missing from his Brian Williams Obit.
Who said that?
Even more amazing than winning a Chipotle sweepstakes: Discovering Chipotle has menus.
Got home just in time to watch Varitek's retirement announcement on
that quote is from Louis from One Direction!!!
That moment when your day is amazing, but then you get home and it just kinda falls..
In love with the rain right now....but was scared to death driving in it. Thank you LA Drivers for being cool today...
So who else is enjoying themselves at #ISCWest ?
#SEXUALBANDS Do I even have to say One Direction??
Three hours.
Rad. Works for me! Yeah I feel like I got an e-mail confirming stuff from the stamp guy but now can't find it. Alas.
nice! Where are you going to move?
love it!
does that count as a "bin"?
it's a good point! those canines would love casa rosa.
I am trying to make up for the times i didnt tweet
is it too late to join stagecrew?
well no one cares! ^.^
guys love himm too
It's hi time for pie time!
Gotta rush - chat ya ltr ~
Now I'm questioning everything..
This girl sitting next to me needs to shut the fuck up.
Critical Thinking Wk 14: Alexander the Great told Aristotle he should not publish his ideas. Others should not know his strategy.
I feel ya MT : . explains why making my bed makes me feel better about my life. "Why Organizing Matters."
Pretty little liarrs
WHOA! Only 8 e-mails in the inbox. Take a picture!
maybe she's already got a bunch? fingers crossed.
Happy Friday everyone! What kind of fun plans do we have in store this weekend?
This may be the one of the greatest things I've seen. Thanks!
Urban Dictionary is like the wikipedia for every terrible juvenile thought the human species could have. I love it.
def not, buying the olive color, would look good with casual shoes
Watching Forest Gump for English <3
Goodnite! Hope you are doin great! Take care!
I love #she'samazing
It was all really nice and then there was Jesus stuff. Ain't that always the way.
Who did you hit?
Most annoying thread title in the SH forums, "Magma Errors".
I get my raise next week aw yeah (Pauly D v)
Lifepath is changing everything August 21
Ugh, taxes
Russian weightlifter gets 10-year ban
dude i miss You too! I've been tryin to get down on HW this is the last week of school before finals!
You will never feel my pain.
So boredd... Someone save me lol
we're all soo afraid of rejection that we don't even try.
I will cry if this isn't real.
Please follow us, we have big plans in 2013. And tell your friends about us
I wish I could kiss from on #NationalKissDay .. That would make my day so much better. Cuz today sucked :/
Welcoming Steve, Tiffany and Matthew...thank you.
good morning to you!
Sweet!! Will text you Fri morning.
so there's this teenager next door. and he's 15. but he's weird.
Its fairly brilliant. Fred Ward and Clancy Brown are great. They shot a lot of it w/ red filter so its real bad on hd tv.
I'm sort of offended that someone littered on my campus; but more offended by it being Keystone.
see the tweet regarding the "SPECIAL 10 FOR $10 DEAL TONIGHT!!!" Any takers?
thank you so much :) that really got me thinking and sparked a new wave of creativity!
9 hours and counting on our first night of opening on a Sunday. Something we can build on...but sleep is all I can think about.
#Fletcher: bike plan that works with other mayor's and cities a must.
Go'on tat my name so i know its reall :)
Hear that Economy Roar! Don't tell Central Indiana homeowners there is a recession. We're building, repairing & hiring. The Sun is Shining!
merry xmas to you bill and family
One the bright side..... Listening to 's whole album over & over again! it helps me think. (:
#vaumc11 so blessed to have awesome leadership from Rev. Alan Combs and Rev. Jessie Squires Thank you 4 your work
CD101fm Music Meeting-Sleigh Bells “Tell Em” Lot going on in this… tired of the electronic though
You're still on the Metro??? Harsh!!
-Love the polyvore doll! Great looks! xox
RIGHT?! glad to know I'm not alone. What's crazy is it was someone older than me who said this!
Greer always knows....
Maki Sushi: Rolled sushi, often with a layer of nori on the outside, surrounding a layer of sumeshi around various fillings of your choice.
haha yeah man...well shit, if u come up on some transportation let me know, until then i'll direct msg u some shit i thought of
going on a cruise in 4 years? That's a lot of planning ahead haha
we will have one car but driving really is what we want to do so thank you for the tip!
We appreciate the kind words.
