Lots of talk about Montee Ball arrest.... MPD confirms to NBC 15 Ball was arrested for trespassing during MIfflin St. Block Party
Just got off about to smoke up!
Get a load of this...Behind the scenes look at the latest Kenny Powers campaign from at www.facebook.com/kswiss (client)
Thanks for the follow. We're just gettin the ball rolling...
0_0 and your name is ralf? Shame...
You know, I love the Packers. How can I buy shares in them?
How does NewYear's Day turn out to be rougher than the night before?
Well it was a good idea but I cannot do handstands after a pint
Doc Rivers read my essay...gotta foul!
I am one swamp away from losing it.
I'm headed to New Orleans today for the Wireless show. Back in SF on Thursday.
Where would I be without my IPod, like forreal
"Now that I'm grown, I've seen marriages fall to pieces. Now that I'm grown, I've seen friendships fall to pieces" - so true
It's funny when you pretend not to know they like you. Keep telling me more about myself <3
movin on up
glad u had a good day cool i'm 16
Mad world.
Prepping to give a great talk with Jan 6th on Growing your business with Social Media.
do send!
This team about to be complete let's get it in. LEGGO!
Thanks for the RT's fam!
I emailed the cit help desk lol I found my username but i don't have a password ugh and hence i can't register for classes
Small tupperware or ziplock bag in a lunch bag with ice pack?
watching #coachella streams, seeing bored 'hipster' crowds, & all i can think is "'chella, you're no "
hopefully they will have their liquor license, is still waiting
For everyone just waking up, the weather looks nice now but it is suppossed to get CRAZY by noon, tornadoes, hail, etc.
She didn't give you gas money for picker her up?
Let's ve a pre-Nye party tonight @ Playhouse. Feat; Sunnery James&Ryan Marciano Call me for NYE info. Dave ! Chris&Dave
Lil Lucas is feeling it
That's a nice looking set of bikes!
#SBCBBTourney condolences on your loss-I would've liked to see the #pioneers play the Trojans.
well from a public tweet it's understandable. That's good PR / customer service (most companies monitor their brand on Twitter).
yes it does. Lol
It's a money making mission...
I'll happily go there again. It's a date.
The big pay back lol
The sega game
Me too -- Must be a big hit today
yes exactly. More than half of #Maryland are #redskins fans, for example, due to years of no team and closer proximity to
I want to go to Long Beach Pride!
i'm right here waiting for you. like richard marx.
So if you emailed me about meal plans and workout schedules, email me again!
“: When finals are over I'm streaking down campus. The semester has been that bad. Lol.” right and I'm down to join lol
Jeffco's Child Support Enforcement Open House is today from 12 p.m. to 6 p.m. at the Laramie Building, 3500 Illinois Street in Golden.
Thanks and !
Can't wait :D its getting Awesome!
I've heard she is amazing!
u look like a surgery faild big time who
A3: i only take a twitter hiatus if i'm super super busy at work or on vacation. it usually lasts a day tops.
how you doing just noticed we where following each other
Everyone should skip the rest of the workday and day drink. Sound good?!?
Days like today made me really wish my computer would actually work!
off this week, been nice hanging with the fam.
i love my lips
Thanks, Dan. Any particular topics you can speak on?
#favoriteclothingbrand really? this is so 10th grade. wear what you like and forget what people think!
good afternoon everyone!
Worked the Pyle, finance discussion, mowed 5 lawns, ran some hills, now about to start a fire with the boys
We have been working had building the Smart Guy Network since Feb. Join for FREE. Thanks goes out to the people at www.WebPromotion.com
he loves that you are here supporting him...even at this early hour :D
Stadium: $1.5 billion - Payroll: $200 million - Team: Worthless - STINKEES! - I love the New York Post! LOL
Hey Delta Airlines--airport food vouchers are useless when everything is closed.
"On October 3rd he asked me what day it was...It's October 3rd :)"
I hate the post office. They always lose my packages!
Fuck My Life!
karma's only a bitch if you are
Nothing quite so charming as watching the elderly couples leaving the opera (Madame Butterfly), hand in hand, nodding and discussing.
Dateline is covering Detroit tonight, are you watching? (via )
Truman Show
Does your present wife give you updates on what your cock looks like? Amazing 24 hours. Over 1 mill raised, 1000s of volu....
$10 per hour!
Out of all that chapstick you have you do not have any on you?
MyLincoln will allow drivers and passengers to control virtually every aspect of the MKX's climate, entertainment and interfacing system
A fresh start, lets see how this go's.
chillen nigga bout to go hit this gym real quick! nigga we gotta chill
Meredith, we love playing your music during the day at the Phil's Friends home office. You are truly a blessing. God Bless you!
hey sorry! I was in class, and only have 10 minute breaks from now until 4! pooey! Tu/Th are the worst for me!
Excuse Me Missy
Going to 's tomorrow! I can't wait!(:
RT : on need for increased HS & college completion: "Equity and the economy. Each depends upon the other."
Write articles with multi-part themes.
It looks like Lew has a decent edge over Shaq on defense (DWS), likewise with Shaq over Lew in rebounding (TRB%).
Jamie! Thx 4 the follow! Please help us find these guys! Do u love the music? We want to hear u fiddle. Cheers! Best & success!
It's too early to be pissed off
just because you can doesn't mean you should.
I could make them pink.
"on my way to see Journey 2" - definitely not me
Power shower
reaching for the stars or head in the clouds? can't decide.
*looks around and slowly raises hand* lol
I hope this Senior girl doesn't go. 'Cause if I see her staring at me stupid like she's been doing I will punch her in the throat. 😒👊💢
So mad! Dont direct us to a door that your not gonna open !!!
It's days like today where I wish i didn't live in a city & Wish I was at the beach.
Classes Include;Communication and Presentation Skills,Business Essentials for a Global Economy,
Please keep talking Alyson!
love your profile pic!! OMG FLAWLESS HAHAH
sees the def of #socialbusiness is the same as any business with an emphasis on #social mission !
I think I'm gonna buy a snapback?!👌☺
TWEETS TWEETS TWEETS you rock!!! <3
Let's do cocaine and fight some wild animals.
You're never talking about me soo...
we will be in Phnom Penh this coming weekend! :) only staying for a few days then going off to Koh Kong
We're legit. Check us out and let us know if you have any questions. We would appreciate any feedback you have.
Good to hear! Any post-election plans yet?
Hittin' decline every time fool .
Do you have something against PPC?
Ive made a huge mistake
Fact: It's 28th birthday. Also fact: His mom's nickname for him is Cute Baby Nathan and still used today. Happy Bday, CBN.
let me know if you need a script.
why am i so addicted to Tiny Tower
This is 100% accurate.
You are very welcome. Thank you too.
School is like a boner; long and hard unless you're asian.
where do you live ? O.o lol
I admit - I used 2 think walking was 4 *old* people, but now I really enjoy walking & throw it into my fitness mix! Can be fun!
I can literally watch funny cat videos all day omg
I literally spent an hour pairing tops to bottoms...with about 10 combinations...I narrowed it down to 4...
the weather was amazing today. I thought I died, sexed justin and went to a magical paradise
that being said, I am a giant sucker for anything cool made out of Legos and would probably support it.
There is only one way to clean a house so turn up the volume on the stereo & get cleaning...
#CelebrityWhispers your balls are showing
you and jade are so adorable! Xox
Bottling lots of Louie's today! Hope you're thirsty!
Excuses are hidden lies!
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
The beings never touched the ground, they levitated stiff as a statue, & I didn't hear an engine & seen nothing 2 make them move.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 22
RT: Jeep Build is Back in Action! Tweet us about your #Jeep and we will retweet it on our page..
its sad how much we rely on brand names when we buy things. Idk about you, but I choose the best, not the most recognizable..
can you do nerd day tomorrow please! :)
The talks ii have with my ma 👌👍
all the time. RT : do you ever think about stopping ur online activities & becoming happily disconnected again?
No pictures. Haha yet
Rehearsing our new song "Dangerous Dames" and getting ready to record it soon.
if you enter a room full of ppl and half the lights are off, don't turn them on! Especially if you aren't staying!
yeah true that!
Got $10? Then you’ve got all the tap beer, any of 10 selections, all night long. Let’s get after it Milwaukee!
Pulling out my hair at the Verizon store. It's an all-day affair. Shoot me now! I stormed out & had to come back in. Lol!
Smoke haze over Santa Fe this morning, but not nearly as bad as Cochiti.
So ready for #Rockies opening day today. Go Rox. Beat the Stros!!!
Hey everyone
#yesouisisim rinse & repeat
yes ma'am! R u going to the game tomorrow ?
lol, who hacks Twitter?
my middle name is Rebecca.
I have fantastic friends, in case you were wondering. Tonight I am happy.
To all the ladies who didn't get this text..."Good morning beautiful!"
"She look like 'go home at ten'"
I hate when people can REALLY sing, but have tha most ugly facial expressions! -_-
Busy newscast:tragic story of little girl shot in back,colder weather,18 just killed in Pakistan bus attack& wild Daytona500.See u soon
Just finished re-reading a book by Antonya Nelson. God I love that woman's writing!
Cowbell can be very sexy.
52% Think Like a Man In Think Like a Man , an otherwise standard rom-com is partially elevated by a committed -- and attractive -- cast,
come see us!!! We need to go eat ice cream together or something
It's a great day to brew some beer. Even better day to drink some.
I changed it so now it's xojessxo143 (:
It's definitely a play toy. Nothing I have to have. ;)
Broncos! WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!
nixgee tell ur phone to quit calling!
Five Guys fries are hand cut and fried in peanut oil. They give you a ton for your money.
look it up girl! I read it from the chic. tribune
There is no energy crisis, only a crisis of ignorance. (Very true)..
Why are elevators so awk
tell us something we don't already know.
yumm!! Yes, it sure is!! RT Today is definitely a grilled cheese and soup kind of lunch day.
If it's any consolation, I thought the second half was better than the first.
had the longest most in-depth full length movie dream last night about staying at cornerstone instead of going to Euclid.
Thanks so much. And likewise.
Don't be nervous...I got ya
We don't have your email! Email us at and check out our Facebook page for the details.
Cstone was sick and all the facedown bands!best label ever!!;)
Love you sweets!!!
I love scotch, scotchy scotch. Here it goes does, down into my belly. m m m
this is an awesome vid!!
MT : Depressed for the end of 's #BUNewMedia -- One of the best classes. Thanks for the lessons and laughs!
I just want people to know. It's only right.
“ “ T R A Y V O N | M A R T I N | Happy birthday , RT Everyone show some Respect !””
u couldn't handle the Canucks
How exciting! Unveiling of Class of 1962 50th Reunion Gift at Alumni Weekend 2012
Good bye days of old...
Who's coming to see Petey Pablo on the helicopTOUR with me?
So why did we get allocation money? how much? I figured if we didn't sign him; he could go wherever.
ill give you a box when we go workout tomorrow b-swole
I will try that. I heard rubbing your hands on chrome works too. hmm
Hey! Would it be possible to get an interview? ^.^
Yeah? me too
NEED MORE FOLLOWS
#ftw2011 looks like it was a great conference - walked in for a board meeting and was shocked to see some familiar faces in the crowd.
aw thats sweet of you,
That freedom you get when your single>>> lol
By 2030, 1 in 4 Americans will be age 65+, & number of seniors in San Diego County is forecasted to double to 700K
Emma is "on avail" with Hasbro. More about that in my next post.
#anthemfail trending haha new that was coming
whos maggie?? if i may ask.
what a week and its not over.
#TodayinTwitter is home.
so hungry
#ronmackinleydenies Fantastic meme. Who started this?
Artist Paul Borges, won tonight for a change!! ah ah.Nice!...
Going to sleep. night guys.
I guess my issue is that you are compairing rails and php. rail is a frame work written on a language (ruby)
TY 4 FOLLOWING US .. WE RETURNED WITH A FOLLOW 4 U... HAVE A GOOD DAY
Haha I know :O
do want!
Very informative article today regarding diabetes and eye disease: "Eyes are windows to diabetic health." Remember to have your annual...
My #1 fashion icon. RT : Happy birthday to Audrey Hepburn...
I think I showed them what I don't got!
Oh! Lmao makes sense now RT : it means one of my followers
Seriously the new record is perfect. Let me mosh myself into a future where cars fly and we're banging aliens.
exciting things going on - and so glad to be part of it all!
I didn't even buy a ticket and just played that in my head for about 5 minutes :/
Tweet us your thoughts on the #LastOprah show...
RT : hahahah! Or dedicated! :) are you still teaching?
When passing to a cutter coming off a screen, read the cutter's AND screener's defender. Will cut down on turnovers.
Sleeping is my favorite sport
I have had so many interviews this week.. Hopefully I get a callback.. I'd appreciate it.
awww Susy you dont have to im sure you wanna meet him again!
we IN THERE.
thoroughly modern millie, that's what's up(:
see only Vegas chicks know about all those drugs!! She ain't going!! Lol
Looks like and are working on the new album! RnR Sunday!
Good point: not all words are created equal. I'd take 50 of Stephen King's words a day over my 2k.
Or no one shout me out... that's cool to
Please don't make me sleep alone! If could, I'd only to make you smile ! If you would stay with me a while!
We recommend the "c2g" app RT “: I just joined C2G, can you recommend an iphone app?”
Thanks again for lunch today! Your advice & inspiration already already has me buzzing with ideas :)
Wiffle bill: Financial reform cloture vote strikes out for the third time, 56-42. Senate, presumably, will keep swinging.
Filled w/ rich voices of gospel choir & thunderous rhythm of African drums, Black Nativity brings the vision of L. Hughes to life Dec 17-19.
"Im just friends with alot of guys cuz they're less dramatic than girls" no, you're just a hoe...
I think you mean:
#adopt a #cat or #cats today at the #Houston #spca for $8.00 per cat. Package includes spay+microchip+meds+vaccines+ cute #kitty of course!!
This is going to be an adventure...
Sorry, been in a coma from all the glitter I ate.
Captain Jack!
Perhaps u could factor that into your pricing before the job, if u don't have leftovers u can pass the savings? :)
Does anyone else find it unsettling to see significant political news along side entertainment industry gossip on the Huff Post site?
"Poopie, I forgot. AWE FUDGE." - omg lol, laughing my butt off (:
would like to make a presentation re a social media integration to Binny's. Who should we contact first? Thnx.
All I want for Xmas is a generic social media feed and interactivity. No labels of "Facebook", "Twitter", "G+"... Give me the future.
Sweet. Blecko will help #journalists do advanced searches, get authorized sources.
creighton and the yankees...
lml ok im just making sure, how my lil buddy?
most heads nodded in approval.
Wish I had known, having been a teen mom/college grad I'd love to be involved in an event like this
just waking up in the morning gotta thank God..
Can you tell me a bit more about the graphic designer position?
Apple's market cap crosses 500bn today. The world's most valuable company sells shit that no one needs at a premium price.
nada just chilling getting my eyebrow done...you?
what your most favorite word to say?(:
Now I'm watching #LostTapes episode of the #BearLakeMosnter. Good shiznit!
Soo after a million searches we finally found a lot for our new Expulsion series!!!! Big thanks to Camino Nuevo Charter School!!
12:06am - it's just a starter page - more to come
phew...I was begging to fear I was the only one who listened to
I was awoken by heartburn this morning. My age is catching up to me.
There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the light of even one small candle
Tania is my nigga man i love this chick...
Badgers? We don't need no stinking badgers!
It's a good day
I'm actually watching
It's a beautiful day In Louisiana people!!!!
Want the most money for your books? Come in to BookHolders today to get top $ for your books!!! Open until 10pm. #BookHolders_USF! RT! RT!
Yeah of coarse. I'm a whore. You intersted ?
was on silent auction KC, won by a nice fire chief. He goes to collect and it's been stolen.
Its a benefit show for To Write Love on Her Arms and more details to come! Come out and support local music and a good cause!
Happy Holidays to All and May Your Holidays be Merry and Bright!
R/T- most famous words!!!! “: #4FamousWords NIGGA IM FROM DALLAS!!!!!!!!!”
I do owe you food
Oh you're welcome.
Today is National Margarita Day? Wow well you really don't have to twist my arm on that one!!! On the rocks w/ salt please!
just gave a huge shout out to Whitney.
oh I see, well hopefully everything work out...you still have about 2 months.
I love looking at old pictures :)
REFEREE please and thank u John Laurinaitis
Already back home. Doughnuts were good though.
Ms. Crews u have truly been that image for me a Virtuous Women of God.
Auditions for Coming Out in 2 days. Already have 150+ confirmed for auditions.
What a great week to be a geek: MTG Avacyn Restored release at midnight; Avengers; Star Wars Day; Free Comic Book Day...
You don't watch #fashionstar ? Goodnight...:)
just started to use the seesmic tool!!!
Drinking that Coffee and Vodka again, I see :)~
I knew it! You guys always have such cool events on the other side of the pond. Well thanks for sharing!
Awww you're so sweet :). show us around?
you know I gets emotional thank ya thank ya LOL
Haven't moved in yet, still busy packing & cleaning. The new place isn't totally finished just yet.
: Hey Brian!
It's no Mormonator, but it ain't bad.
Thanks. I had asked that same question of the Mobile Giving leaders I spoke to for the post. They still believe in text-to-give.
Missing the fun conversations& laughs with you & this year!
@ the reading promotion partners meeting at the Center for the Book in.the Library of Congress.
Get it bitch!!! Kill it I'm there in spirit!
Plus, my arm is healing, so I'm fencing right-handed again! Happy that my injury taught me to become ambidextrous.
Looking forward to next weekend in Austin,TX... Great tourney, my man from Dallas bringing D Will Elite Metro Mustangs.. Tourney will b hot!
Wow. All I'm going to say is what a night.
"Draw near to God and He will draw near to you." James 4:8
I honestly think the bulls are still gonna go to the finals. With or without D Rose. #TeamBulls ~
Chelsea with a big 0 and a red card.. Barcelona can give them three more goals to chill... lol.
That's where I'm about to work! (TSLAC State & Local Recs Mgmt Div.) Also, I'm so glad to hear that about the ol' Aquarena!
Bella (5yo) on the food chain: Frogs eat spiders. Snakes eat frogs. Chickens eat snakes. Daddy's eat chicken. Monsters eat daddy's.
Oh my. Can't stand it. Too cute. So glad we got him safe.
what do you do down there in Dallas?
You're just arming it by giving it more weapons.
I want a crazy weekend now and im not feelin this weather
aw LOVE YOU. Well alright you caught me!
RT : I would punch this bitch in the face.
Out shredding Breck with my boy !!!!
That moment when you realize if you don't pass the sol you don't get a verified credit.. And all of your hard work was for nothing.
What's your favorite Blink-182 song?
I wish I had a bowl of #CoCoaPuffs right now.
Great day in chicago spent with my baby!
apparently i have my hump day schedule mixed up...
Rain is relaxing ! good for the soul & the lawn!!
Goodness. He's gone for that long??
just not feelin right today
Change is good! Shock them with a new 'do & add to your hair with Dr. Wiggy's lace wigs and weft hair! Call 855-DRWIGGY free consultation!
to the Mayor, parked cars on secondary and tertiary #NYC streets not the issue. “Where the hell were the plows for 3 days!”
Come on Sox. You've got a chance to smack these guys early. Come on.
/ ...And you 2, black and white chose to verbally assault one another on television? Knock it off.
High St.
I know. It would rain this weekend.
Don't Go around fire and expect not to sweat.
3rd bow and arrow set of the season. This one's for hunting squirrels.
can we take pictures
Twice in last month I saw #LAThtr with understudies performing but no announcement or program insert...doesn't fit with rules.
Perfect football weather today! The #Nighthawks practice 10:30-11:55 at the Kroc Center to get ready for the
Nicest Mothers day ever!! Minestrone soup, salad at fav place, Biltmore shopping excursion, & every1 cleaned & let ME B queen!!
Welcome Luis Amador to the Pyro crew!
it's the most overwhelming buffet you'll come in contact with.
Um, you follow more people.. So this is awkward
Going to zee city ((:
back from albany
Love getting dressed up :) little black dress :)
"I vote for #bcwine in today's #marcmad final!"
Erika, beautiful!! Keep it up!!
Just got a s/o from and aj fry lol #Obunz(-_👌)
RT this so it can trend until sees it or until he tweets something about it ohkay? ;)
We do Variance Plaster. So beautiful on my kitchen....color is Porpoise! The color makes my cabinets pop.
Thanks. I love your beach photo on your profile. The #ocean is amazing.
hey what troubles are we getting into tonight, or are you going to be a poof again?
We'll keep our fingers crossed!!
I can't stand that actor, so I was biased.
Liz Walker: Why aren't more women talking about pro choice and reproductive rights at the national level? We need more women in public life.
{ THATS SO TRUE PILES}
the anticipation is killing me.
spoil me give me what i want give me errything and ill give u my time!!!!!
definitely left your cigarettes in my car! :O I'll bring em next time I come to the lab
I don't care how many kids Beyonce has, She's always gonna be fine as hell
Follow me on twitter!
I bet Roberts would let me
So to all the people that were mocking Denver for being so excited in the first quarter, *silence*.
Rollin up and still burnin, dont worry bout what im earnin, fuckin wit the industry these niggas they be all on it ...New track comin soon
I haven't forgotten about you. I am just trying to stay on the down-low.
poo school tomorrow
Wtf?! Fine... I'm not going. I refuse.
that's a BIG plus then!!! Lmao
wearing a fuzzy spider headband in the office - don't judge me.
Haha! RT : Once again, having a really bad love affair with Sugar, Carbs, and Saturated Fat right now. Sorry Gym.
- Thanks for the poll idea! We'll get to this one soon!
S/O to the 500 followers who followed with out me asking or PAY'N.
Good win, jazz! Also, I hope 's #swatlakecity name sticks. Classic.
"Tech skills every organizer should know." --getting started for my last day at
When i try to talk to ya its like conversing with bricks and steel
two embarrassing things: 1. my last tweet was supposed to be @ u 2. i wrote decide instead of decided kill me
Agreed! RT : I love when good things happen to good people. It restores my faith in people!
I'd tune in for that. Sorry, loved Zodiac.
"We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude." Happy Veteran's Day
The PoetryIntern is stoked to be back at work in her sunny office! With a backlog of data entry. But coffee. With coffee.
Mom just told me I'm a puzzle cheater ...
haha yeah pretty much! Haha, you get used to it though.
hey Mac! It's my birthday! :D
#history #museum #historical Military Aircraft crash site preservation program show coming out tomorrow!
Someone just asked me "best place to eat in Reading - price no object?" I gave them a list, but couldn't pick a winner. You?
Samsung Galaxy Note... Best. Phone. EVER... Sorry Apple. I can never go back to the limits of the iPhone.
try me!
Trader Sams at Disneyland with Brookes and Kim. Amazing! Tiki Tiki Rum with animatronics and stuff on fire. WHAT WHAT.
Publish a poll & I'll request the raw data. :)
Dolan wanted him to take a pay cut, sounds like it's all about the benjamin's
one dude even said something to the effect that I was going to hell for not wanting to bear children o_O
If, for any reason I am having a bad day, I can always escape my worries for a while when I'm out with my camera. How about you?
Bummer about Andy Rooney, but at least he made it to a gripe old age.
In Orlando, Florida<3
Eavesdropping on my neighbor's phone convos. >
it pretty weird
This was a triumph! Love the look of it. Way to go.
closest thing to spending a night with us! Enjoy!
Jdjakcjdjd. My legs are so soft.
I did it again and it directed me to Aloha Salads in Maui. Then, I gave up and walked aimlessly until we found a diner
LIKE for Hell, IGNORE for Heaven.
' cuz you'd know i'd walk a thousand miles if i could just see you tonight . ' <3
lmao well it was an off guard type of picture lol .
I'm putting one foot of the other, making all the blood, sweat and tears mean something. I have peace can't take that away!
Tip: do not do heavy OHS after sitting on a plane for 5 plus hrs, ouchi back
Headed out on a sunset dinner cruise tonight with my best friend & hubby .. Awesome !!! 8-)
Derek Rose will play today against Knicks reports via
That game is time consuming
u welcome cant get no betta than dat
who wants to take bets on what the three most popular words on Twitter will be tonight?
Sometimes, when walking my dog, the carrot IS a stick.
mydude drew brees is a beast# best qb in the league
RIP "Macho Man" Randy Savage
The bills are back to square one. We need Luck.
RT Sending up prayers for my grandma...
I now you are happy
Is someone taking advantage of the one month free #LinkedIn premium membership? Suprised hasn't jumped on it yet
Happy mothers day to Nancy Byrd, Marcy Williams, Jackie Taylor, and Niecy Nelson. Not w/us physically but we see ur legacy in ur daughters.
#5bestsmells a new house, to call a home :)
this dude must be half retarded, 1/4 remedial and 1/4 NUTS. He keep saying " can I have or nmber" like 50 times
good seeing you last night!
PACCIN conference happening at Getty & totally sold out!! Still spots for attendees to come to Art Services Guild Sunday event at ATX
Tomorrow on Forward: Ida Jo, Whiskey Farm, & Scott Wilcox are in-studio to play tracks from "Cheddar Revolution: Songs of Uprising"
Consumers spend 25% of media time in digital, but marketers spend 19% of their budgets there. Mobile is 8% of time spent, 0.5% of spending.
“: DO DO YOU GOT A FIRST AID KIT HANDY” do do you know how to patch up a wound tell me
you should be
Huh, actually talked to my mutual fund guy over the lunch hour on a Saturday. Color me surprised - I was going to leave a message.
“: Weird & awkward!” Martina and Pat did a great job on the song and I am happy for the newlyweds...but weird.
About Venus wedding dress To find the exceptional of the dress of Venus lux are wedding in Shoppe :-)
SOTT is that kind of album that you need to buy, THEN learn why it's important to own; like "Kind of Blue". Glad you tweeted this.
you guys help me realize the things i see and feel are not make believe and i'm not just crazy thank you GA! :D
Must start exercising again. Hm gotta go look for motivation, where the hell did I misplace it this time?
hahahahahahahahahaha! fuck you. trouble in paradise? (;
Hey HRC! Leather Feather w/ Holy Fuck:Friday, 6/5 Bottom of the Hill!!! Let me know if you're interested.
Jumper cables near Venice anyone?
Go live in a kiddie pool.
#bored lets party broski !
Ok, back on. Tonight I'm #grateful for that magic moment when you are visualizing a project and it becomes crystal clear in your mind.
oh whatever :)
Watching the battles on
My favorite part about the holidays in LA is how little traffic there is. :)
Tips from Barbara Walters on getting in to the business "do your homework and listen" and in tough times "the show must go on" - The View
Thanks Nick, I appreciate it
Hey Andy, what is the name of the energy supplement you use drink before your workouts? I forget what you said...
you're welcome!
Studio 54 Bianca Jagger on a white horse - famous picture - google "picture Bianca Jagger birthday on awhite horse" Enjoy
just made my night on younow ♥ (:
Man its hot in here...
Gilles! Sabrina! Carson! Our Dream Picks for DWTS All-Stars - Wetpaint
Free photo booth = perfect Mother’s Day gift! Today at 4:30 near Starbucks and Crazy 8.
some if the stuff i dont ever use hahaha
yes I am
It actually upsets me that I have never had an elected representative that I agree with and can call my own.
if I covered your face with a paper bag, I'd swear I was watching Larry Legend out there.
Rewatching , gotta admit 's make up & hair were flawless on the Glamazon outfits. Needles & Chad also stunning.
Fuck just woke up & I know I'm not gunna be able to go back to bed smh ...
DREAMS DON'T ALWAYS COME TRUE, BUT IT'S TRUE WE ALL DREAM!
Have u seen the one hour doc from 2000 about Marianne? So great; finished it this week.
that's the best personal profile ever!
Thoughts and prays sent out to bestie family
I swear i just thought i seen this tv guide say temple run im like they got it on tv now lmfao but it said true temple
Trick/Treat? Call the Tan Bar on Sat, Oct 29 & say “Trick or Treat”,we will “Treat” you to a $25 TAN! Buy via phone and use 11/1 to 11/30!
Ryan Hurst from Sons of Anarchy has the best twitter name ever:
Talking instead of working out
It's so hot outside that my cigarette just lit itself.
#FF as well. Seems like a pretty nice guy and when I run into him at a #Pirates game one day I'll tell him that!
can't wait! RT In the Studio working on new mixes for , , & some original stuff!
How great would it be if a pepperoni pizza magically appeared every time you clicked "LIKE"?
If you know any good programmers looking for a great job. Send them my way. Great job in DT Chicago. Thx!
Lumpiness. We talking hotel business or mattresses?
i drive nails into my ears, to get your voice out of my head.
All i kare about is money in and city that im from sumbody should of told ya im on 1
Home from practice(:. Texts are welcomed, PicPerPic!(:
Mishel: Why is it If you put a dollar in an unemployed person's pocket it creates no jobs, but if you...
CONGRATULATIONS, PACKERS!! DALLAS, HERE WE COME!!
may 15th just enjoying the brews. Social night!
can you please ask him if he gets special attention from classmates/teachers in school?!
we'll come to Utah eventually. In the meantime, tell ALL your friends to follow us ;) We gotta have a big crowd when we come!
Excellent. The service was quick, the pizza was delicious, & the atmosphere was welcoming. I'd say that's a good formula.
It IS pretty exciting that each agency's working 4 #homeless families across US & convening on Twitter & Conf!
hi! Twitter is like AC filters...I try to remember to check monthly! Haha
On May 02, 2010 1st annual Waterford Lakes Latin festival celebrating Cinco de Mayo For Sponsorship and Vendor opportunities 4072350546
And now I'm pondering the legal ramifications of sweepstakes vs. contests....the devil has built himself a nice bungalow in the details.
Dear person puffing smoke in my face, I will shove that cigarette down your throat, keep at it .Do you see me throwing donut crumbs at you?
#FlagOnThePlay u snitched!
I wish there was an in n out near me! Their burgers look so good and delicious.
were are not mean
: If you don't have a dream you'll work for someone who does - Jameel Harris
u guys host any shows? U have any videos of it r a website
Pretty sure I may be one of the few people in this country allowed to deduct a gay magazine as a business expense.
Getting ready to hit the gym today. Late start but love my Saturday mornings with my wife.
Davis: "Diversity" is the new normality: rise of normality tied to rise of statistics, eugenics.
Last day at home before leaving for grownup life. Finding it real hard to look my dog in the eye.
Hosting in OR. How might we collaborate?
hmm. I heard one team is only using one van to transport the entire team <- that's crazy talk.
Stop quoting "The Notebook", pussy. Why not quote Shakespeare if you want to talk about Love? Dork.
well you sure? Gotta clear that with the boss. hahaha. We will for sure will hit up some Pirates game this year.
Thank you so much. I'm still a little bit wrecked. And for the nomination to go to Song of the Nile, it's especially sweet.
what ya was doing up there
Do you think I care?
lol! I got it. Some People just don't have good motives in life.
This Just In : Bob Knight is an ASS !!!!
Mine is working fine. I been on and off it all day and just checked again. Still working.
Thank you for the follow ♥
if the Lakers win it will he by like one pt. Lol OKC are good!
thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
Did you keep it as a pet?!
Mary Evelyn Tucker: we need to take the values of world religions seriously - they are transformative, not just transitive
I. Need. Summer. Now ..
Looks like got in Grant's head like he got in Suh's.
Happy Mothers Day! #mothersday tweet!
They say a mans pride is everything. Let's see how the Lakers answe.
RT : Don't ask why this happened to you. Ask what you are learning. The answer to this question is why it happened.
I can do 10. Modified. lol
Jessica Simpson has to have had her baby by now, right?
Believe in yourself
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did! <3
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
It's amazing how 4 simple words can mean so much: "I'm proud of you" can change a whole day
Hollis Thompson drains a long two to end a four minute drought for the Hoyas and a 12-0 run by the Wolfpack. Tied up with 40 seconds to go
Doesn't play bagpipes! What kind of blasphemy is this?
And now a ling break b4 the evenings events
Working on room specs this morning for Feb event at Half Moon Bay and March event at Amelia Island.
Only we wait to bust out the ice cream maker 'til the coldest night of the season. This genius idea didn't occur when it was 108.
I am not designed for heavy manual labor, even if it is in my own yard. However, I successfully conquered the dead bush.
Hope you all are having a great day. Don't forget to smile.
Lmao I think he'll get fucked up in jail...
I hope you and the family ate better than Taco Bueno at DIA. Re-reading Drive again. A HUGE Deci fan. Now that's not geeky...
"Your mother was a hamster, and your father smells of elderberries!" From the French Guard in the movie, "Monty Python and the Holy Grail".
And now the refs blow and icing call
im good :)
Damn...i need some right now!
Jump into the 12pm adult fitness class!!
Big things popin. Little things stopin
“: “To love what you do and feel that it matters... how could anything be more fun?” I love my life !!!” WORDS TO LIVE BY!!
Good! Staying busy building my company, How are you?
Farewell to of #NYT who says, "Ethicists come in all shapes and sizes." Just like people.
I am destined for greatness, meet me there and let's celebrate together.
Had a sick sesh earlier with BigTim215, Bing, Irie Bear, Mr.Nice215, and SS Dawg. Super irie!!! Thanks fellas lets do it again soon
"Vernacular?! That's a derby!"
Fucking your mom tonight
Thanks Simone & Steve! We'll see you Friday night, 11.11.11. Thanks for tuning in. Have a great time at the concert!
I am bored
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. Napolean Hill
Admitted, this probably isn't a question for twitter - but - incase anyone knows - why does Andorra exist / whats its story?
I hate not sleeping! -_____-
Wieters ties career high with four hits
here we go: first shower on 2012 with flip flops. fingers crossed.
Follow if you wanna marry (:
Things look bleak to me right now, oh well ill stick to the plan and go full force at my career and delay the other crap.
We've got hail!!!
RT : students - The last day to drop a course without a “W” grade is tomorrow September 9, 2011.
Up in Santa Barbara doing some marketing for Destiny Deep Sea Water, Karmic Krunch & Noosa Yogart
i thought u new i had a daughter cus
That guy that pisses on the toilet seat <<<<
Taking Mom to Mt. Rainier for Mother's Day!
R.I.P. junior Seau
lol here you go!
rocha always wants copy all my test -.- and i know he loves me, and he looks like gay, but i don't care BITCH,I WANNA DO THAT BY MYSELF
Reality hurts. Wenger, wake up.
that $ was well worth it to see y'all losing like this
If you are here at the Bank of American Auditorium, you can buy books by the panelists after the Summit
- you need a real break from food?
body wave?
come check out the Social Center platform behind sponsored by
The early bird gets the worm.
Yes. Prepare to get your ass kicked though.
Why am I up a hour earlier than I need to be?
I opened up a bottle of coke and it said, "Sorry, you didn't win". I didn't even know I was playing, yet I was still disappointed.
I concur. let's go next week!
Ever write an email, neglect to hit "send," only later discovering it & glad it wasn't sent, then promptly deleting?
Rookie QB Jimmy Clausen will get his 1st NFL start Sunday for Carolina! This could be the start of a long career for this kid
Sign up for the SoccerFours Japan Relief 4v4 Coed Tournament April 2nd at Crocker-Amazon Soccer fields at www.soccerfours.com!
At work guarding tanker trucks.
There's a million things I want to say but I can't you'll get mad
black or old school purple.
Now the work begins! I should've been a bounty hunter!
Whew. Take a weekend off and it is REALLY hard to get back to the books.
oh maybe i should go to that snowboarding summer camp in oregon :)))
Justin finally admitted that he drinks. He drinks, but he controls himself. MY BABY IS GROWING UP TO FAST.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as long as we live. -Mortimer Adler
Resistance is. Dumb.
now that you're headed back to the west coast, hope you can come up to Portland and visit! So happy for you- congrats. XO
Job Opening- Bilingual Property Manager
What is his name??
WineDisco Chicago has NS Gin #6, #11, will soon have Sol! We love North Shore!
could be a touch longer...
Last night was amazing. Big thanks to and for having me on the show and podcast.....even though i only said 2 words.
Bank holiday clockwatch – live!: • Keep up with all today's latest scores here• Peruse the latest (live) league ..
Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions. Albert Einstein
need to get T.I's book "Power and Beauty"
The SWOP Colorado website is finally being launched! We are SERIOUS and mean business people!! Check it out: www.swop-colorado.com
oh yeah it is! Trust me they're amazing, you'll be mesmerised the minute JoshRamsay opens his mouth haha <33
Area roundup: Marshalltown softball team sweeps NIACC
Let me shower first
yes! We Are Ready For Boyfriend Video. :)
tonight anyway if you want to know what it is you're going to get the answer
I wish I was in Cincy watching the Cubs beat up on the Reds
Okay, that is very cool!
2-day "flash sale" Gallery, 231 N. 76th St., Thurs. & Fri. More than 200 oils including bankruptcy art at reduced prices.
ABOUT OT PLAY PANDA RUN
other than the fact you look like joey lawerence
haha same! & I have like cereal from breakfast
Red Robin burger works for a little lunch. Was yummy
You damn celebs always say follow this or re tweet that but ur so stuck up and cant reply to fans. FUCK YALL IM NOT DOIN SHIT lol XD
Start off round 2 with a loss, but that is ok. We'll get 'em back.
hey fucker what's going on
Did everyone have a good extended weekend?
Crap. Switching to hockey now.
A 5hr #CicLAvia is too short, people tend to rush, therefore making the route less safe. An 8hr duration lets people chill more!
Or just post it and send the links. Duplicate content is a Google no-no :-) I'll work out something, a round-up or ??
you want other follower? Follow and I'll follow
The most pathetic person in the world is someone who has sight, but has no vision.
im 2 sexy for my cat
Woo. Last minute cramming for two tests is awesome.
you were one of my first follows. Of course you'll be hunted down :)
Trynna Stop Crying
thank you phil you are the man!
If you feel as though im going to put you down, or hurt your feelings ! DON'T BOTHER TO BE MY FRIEND!
Wanna hear a joke? ...Black Veil Brides
The Dictator look funny as shit...
You need to come to DC asap, I need to get my head on straight. Solidarity sister!
thanks! So do i to be honest.
Erie parts in movies that make you feel uncomfortable <<<
thats cuz teh do!!!! RT : Government unions seem to be under the impression that taxpayers work for them.
LOL!! That brightened my day!
On working w/ celebs, says #nonprofits should focus on finding celebs whose passion on your issue runs deep.
what do you mean?
Headed to the elks lodge for the night.
I Thnk I'm Staying At Home Taday Besides Work
Interesting article re: NCAA RFP. Is there somewhere it's publicly available to review?
I just received a work email entirely in Italian...I'm not sure what to do with this information
GOOD MORNING LUV BUGS! up for work....under the weather but gotta wake up to recieve my blessings!
Q1: Are any libs making use of the Google suite?
i guess the matrix is pretty good version RT : is there some kind of curse on Neuromancer never getting filmed/staged?
Cuddling with Riley before bed>>>
great night...let's do it again!
Gay marriage is okay now, so is gay graduations
Hugo takes the first two awards! Things are going to get real messy real fast in the Bridesmaids row.
GL: where is imbalance in curric? politics impt 4 developmt as people. Black students paid price for fighting Comptcookout.
I'm going with my booski so I'll meet ya over there but give y'all the money
Follow me please! ♥
Artists inspired by nature paint in the open air - The State Journal-Register
Will you "B There" for tmrw's seminar? If so, check in on foursquare, stop by our booth & show us your check in for an exclusive giveaway.
What are the Texans doing?!?!
How's lacrosse camp going?
When I say Merry Christmas, I'm not assuming anyone's a Christian. I'm not even a Christian. Far from religious right.
Hey, J long time!
You're not going to rap your way into His will. You have to be obedient to Him & His Word.
RT : #Xanth, Apprentice Adept, & Incarnations fans - is tweeting a story, line-by-line. Why are you still here...
#Mexico thinking of shallow nature of quake, way way above subduction zone itself-so might be high-angle reverse fault above subduction zone
My favorite comment of the day: "I feel like I just lost 5 pounds! I cleaned my desktop!"
RT : Did you know? 's name has been on almost every piece of HIV/AIDS legislation
One does not simply walk into Mordor!
Not as cool as you!:)
Can u follow back /
Cutting my irons down an inch and re-gripping them COMPLETELY revamped my golf game! Happy face!
RTd for accuracy as well as lack of relevance to anything currently happening. RT : I bet ewok UFC would be adorably violent.
Alcoa Misses Already Lowered Profits Forecasts
Seeking referral/recommendation for bulk document scanning services in Madison, WI, area.
Look at me now..and then..Whoo Am I You ask? Me dumbass
a few for u!
I picked the wrong episode to try to get back into
And you will know the truth, and the truth will make you free.
Raise High the Roofbeam Carpenters--I've always ignored the comma and said it aloud as if "roofbeam" was an adjective.
She's too busy drinking Scotch to be pantless...
We get high to get by, hot dogs no rib-eyes
Don't feel bad that your darkness is gone... I'll carry it for you.
I can tell I'm really gonna look forward to reading (& disagreeing w/a lot of) ur tweets. But what's up w/the shirtless pic yo?
I'm in a hotel restaurant in Tampa and one employee is teaching another an air squat. He's actually doing a good job too!
Sorry, had to step away for a quick meeting have I missed Sample Rate. Robert?
When dating a new girl ask yourself will she hold me down if I needed it? If not then you better let the HOE go and fine a REAL woman !
u too luv
s/o to for getting a twitaaaa.
Happy hump day :)
Make a good retweetable tweet that sums up your message & goals and links to whatever you need it to. I'll retweet.
I'm hungry, my mom is pissing me off, I have no phone, and my head is killing me.. I really feel like crying. :(
where???? would love to zipride!
A babysitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers. ~ Anonymous
Ranger game :)
#YOLO #HYFR oh, hip hop songs are so motivational.
Max pain...Travis porter make it rain.
This made me happy.
Ooh! Share your results! RT : Mom and I want to do something crafty tonight. So. WE'RE MAKING GINGER-INFUSED BOURBON.
people that spread rumors honey are just insecure about themselves and will say anything to tear you down.
Awesome to hear! Hope you enjoy your SF visit and have a happy holidays!
Sitting on the deck in Illinois on a sunny evening. Having a beer. Thinking how great it would be to turn this state conservative. Hm..
Our website is currently down for updates. We appreciate your patience while we update our catalog. Thanks
I'm going fav-crazy on your tweets. :)
Newbreak cafe with my book, coffee and poncho
“: That feeling when you just want to yell as loud as you can.”
Calm down take a deep 😚💨 it will be ok! 😁
Resveratrol is one of many healthy polyphenols and antioxidants found in the skin, seeds, stems and vines of red grapes.
Final: Dallas 59-Trinity 74. Trinity shot a staggering 52%FG in 2nd half. Must be better defensively if we want to be a championship team.
Hey auburn. Tide is coming.
Original Dark Shadows production materials available to see
go to bed
Seeing people in the gym... that you don't wanna see -_-
u good girl, u god!!
Bad day for #intuit, terrible day for #digitalinsight , Internet Banking and websites STILL down for all before 3PM. Totally Unacceptable
Regular show is like my favorite show.
thanks. we are having fun with it! Rikki has been fantastic to work with.
I love me some bacon sandwiches. I usually just do the peppered bacon on white toast. That's it. Basically a BLT minues the LT
If 1 person wins this lotto-they should commit to devote the money to a really solid , positive goal for community! +change!!
Right?! Like, let me pull out money for plane tickets and a hotel cos I'm ballin' like that.
Success is never the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire ~ Arnold Glasow
why do girls cover up their poop smell with hairspray. such a bad combo
Count The Rings? Celtics Have More . . . . And All Cause The PAST Lakers Got Rings Dont Mean The PRESENT Lakers About To Get ...
' I'm hot lol
Justin preforming #boyfriend L I V E tomorrow ♥ only thing i'm looking forward too.
Friday's Feature: Blackened Flat Iron Steak w/ a crab stuffed crimini mushroom, gorgonzola cream sauce & side salad Soup: Butternut Squash
I love you beautiful 
Love Maxie's southern comfort cookies!
CHECKOUT THIS VIDEO .AN AMAZING RAPPER ON YOUTUBE Above The Natural-she left me too HES PROVES THAT A DREAM ISN'T IMPOSSIBLE CHECK IT OUT!!
uhm sure you did ... when i went to 1st hour the first thing i did was look for you
That'd be a good episode for sure hahah. I'm convinced one of those two is dying this season..
Two hearts flying out together like there’s one love holding us forever.
RT Coffee is so addicted to me, it can't wait to get in my belly. In its defense, my belly is awesome.
DONT EVER ASK ME A QUESTION , THEN GIVE ME MY ANSWER!
Going to #Coerper's tonight for the first time. Maybe we'll get snowed in and they will just have to feed us breakfast too!
What I just found out<<<<<<<
is up and out of bed...my brain had joined me...oh boy another day I am aware of the sh*ty life I am in...everyone else joy yours!
You're welcome! I hope you're having fun! :D
Unfortunately, due to the hacking saga, I didn't get lunch. Fortunately, there will be cake in 20 mins.
Chorus field trip > class. But barely
There're those cheaper ones but u have to got a carrier by contract to get those. Which I can't for her :/
Playing Batman Arkham City if anyone wants to jump on PS3 and play something else(:
OK, service was bad but creamy jalapeño sauce was awesome at #chuys oxmoor. The manager comped our meal, so there's that.
RT I hope she looks like you, I hope she fights like me, and stands up for the innocent and the weak. -Tim McGraw
Ughh sometimes i wish i could be myself around HIM<3
Chris is jealous? Haha
Like my Facebook Page Jackie "COVAgirl" Wade
Had this crazy notion today, so i went outside as my neighbors looked at me strangely, "Looked up and said very loudly,.."Thank you
Edit training
I was hoping Tony would kick him. Just for shits and giggles.
Dont ever doubt that the world hates me
are you giggling every time!
it is a good movie! lol
NEVER FORGET the ones who lost mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, cousins, aunts, uncles, grandparents, friends on 9/11
"Cool, did you design any buildings I might have seen?"
A drop in the ocean A change in the weather I was praying that you and me might end up together
I know I should automatically be VIP I buy like once a week lol
hell yeah hommie.. shit if I did it... i'm an avid believer that ANYONE can do it
But I don't drink :(
Just left comment like "EDIT THIS LATER CLEARLY NONSENSICAL" in an unfinished paper. 1/5 chance i forget to delete comment in final draft.
hii will u reply to me?
#WhyDoiAlways find ways to make you happy if you don't care 
hey Aimee an Grandy! Yes it was good just a little fatty than I like but I def will eat it again! Have yall ever had it?
RIP Davy Jones of the Monkees.
Dan any word on your next fight???
WORKING ON THE SHOWCASE FOR LONG ISLAND. WE ARE LOOKING FOR TALENT TO PERFORM AT OUR SHOWCASES
#business litigation.Let's create a Rocket Docket in every fed. ct. based on best practices from those who do it best. Every court an EDVA.
does this list also include Never Say Never? If so, all creiablity is instantly lost.
most of the time, firing your hitting coach is just an excuse and an easy way out with the fan base.
Get Austin Mahone Verified .
Im here come to Red Loft centerfield.
I was totally denied fries during Rural Roundup. Order that too and report back. :)
Great choice, Erin!
Fell asleep on dat borin ass game, but how the fuck did Boston lose
Shopping for an internship for the summer and it is proving to be a bit of a challenge.
GenCrowd Leverages &quot;The Wisdom of Crowds&quot; to Help People Get Ideas, Content ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Thirsty for scintillating conversation with the most interesting people in DC? Who's up for a #dcdrinkup the week of January 16?
try seltzer for 2 weeks. Put a squeeze of lemon or lime, or frozen raspberries if you need to.
Huge move with Larry Johnson staying on at Penn State
Looking for a quality iPad-compatible projector for presentations. Not a rinky-dink mini projector. Thoughts?
Truth and Revolution is at the printers! Copies available in early May. Can't wait!
Beautiful morning here in #ROC city! Feeling very blessed this lovely day!
Good Morning it is.....have a wonderful Day!
Heartless Verizon! Dads phone disconnected while planning best friends funeral svc for tomorrow!
i was just replying to your most recent tweet..
We out tonight (:
you read it... I've been seeing in LA. Bad sign.
MT : In 1965, Dickey Chapelle died, killed by a land mine in Vietnam, the first woman war correspondent killed in combat
- feel free to check in anytime hottie - it's all the rage.
Hates having these "adult" twitterers Following me!!!!
"When the bird and the book disagree, always believe the bird." --James Audubon (via Ken Pope in discussion of DSM V)
I meant to say, my web site is at: www.maryouimettekinney.com
Great! event still has tickets left--a few codeforoakland.eventbrite.com
Catskillz baby!!! Let's put it together sometime for power lunch in NYC. Long overdue! Bests.
hahahahaha thank you ;) Lmao! Oh wow XD I did it cause I was frustrated cause I wanted to go to sleep :P #OverAchiever :)
One of my students has a bday today too! Yay, a birthday buddy! He's 6 today, and I'm Not. His mom sent bday hats. Yay!
above all else, when you've stuck your for in your mouth, you manned up... I can't quit you
im not talkin bout my son lol
": I guess I'll look good in grey and blue #fuckingorioles" - Everyone looks better in the pinstripes
We switched when it was CP4, but there should still be an export option somewhere. DL the .csv & write a script to parse it.
Definitely liked 's 60s theme better, despite the team's derailment. I think Dayana is at the end of the line.
nice where at?! What did he sign haha
The great adam schefter reporting rush limbaugh about to be put on waivers... By his own ownership grp. Details in minutes on nfl live
I'm bracing myself!
Oracle, Google Trial: Who Wins Round One? - InformationWeek
Y get n a relationship n do shit single ppl do?
back on the grind hun! How r u?
you gonna be in Raleigh tonight
Lolgasm- The act of laughing so hard you can no longer breathe and have pain in your chest.
u will have to tell the haters that if one is great at their job they get paid big bucks! I believe that is any pro! Right
Thank you!! I absolutely loved your performance tonight on #HartOfDixie You rocked it!
don't be sad. Get glad :)
wish I called in yesterday #HouseofCards is massive, sustainable production work for months!
Any chance you'll post the recipe?
Out of $400 NLH quick. Got it in w 67 on 257 / 6 turn vs 2. OK w my decision, but was a tough spot.
Can you throw in a free TPC Sawgrass membership to sweeten the pot to #mariowilliams ?
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that complains about everything
Dellinger: conservative justice in dc court said the bill was novel because it was a non-new deal approach to solving a problem.
Downton Abbey Christmas Special....Full on tears at least 4 separate times. I absolutely cannot wait more than a year for season 3.
we r done with that other party that was there...back to normal now throw that tweet out as i sent it to ya
So crazy my baby!
I'm so glad you're doing this! I saw the premier at Barrymore and it's excellent!
Enjoy! It's beautiful!
have fun!! good luck!
And I'm really into this new Band of Skulls single. Glad they're back.
I watch porn with my cat.
If you're insecure, EXERCISE! Stop the eye rolling FEMALES!!!
listening to some crazy Latin jams..right now Sexomania by Perez Prado
yes, it's a classic. Got any other favorites?
Just got interviewed by the one and only Robert Conrad on CRN Radio! Good times!
I hope he doesn't go through some depressed mood...
Great #SLU_VCC_2012 meeting today!
Blues D3 beat Ok City 15-14. Will play NorthernSt next. Winner goes to California for D3Sweet16. Loser will have to tom to advance.
that's my bestfriend :)
Today it seemed that one of my friends was annoyed with me????. Wonderinq what I did...... :/
Subject Henry Jim that Mr Andrew
everyone's a critic
I working lunch at the come see me and get your free APP 2011 S. First Street Milwaukee WI
On the homestretch! 41/80= how much longer until I am in Lubbock. With the probability that I do not get pulled over.
I'm realizing recently how old fashioned I am. Don't feel comfortable with women regularly giving birth to litters.
I just came to say hello. Fuck dat, I came to get drunk.
I'm finally excited to watch the Hunger Games movie trailer because I FINALLY have the first book! Yay for my boyfriend's dad being AWESOME
missed you, and last night! Next time for sure!
Hi - Free wifi will be available in the Yerba Buena Forum during #GravityFree!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 55
no pressure guys,no one is expecting you to win...
gotta finish laundry and hw -_- fun sunday tho :)
Every single person is in a position to be a leader. Leadership is never about rank, title or position. What can U soto help inspire?
Blasting Irish music and baking Irish things. Tis the season!
is on the world's slowest internet connection in a cafe in Kampala, Uganda. But the coffee here... oh the coffee in Africa!
No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you. -Althea Gibson
I need a ceiling fan! It makes sleeping so much more enjoyable
I got a candy-gram from Regina George. RT : In honour of Mean Girls Day, today we're totally trying to make 'fetch' happen.
don't forget to follow homie...
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🐛
Random thought: I'll say in about 5 or 6 generations from now, everyone will be mixed..
Tricky temps this week: Highs in the 60s until Wed... then near 80 possible later this week. Best chance of showers: Tuesday AM, Thu. & Fri.
slow pc's suck
Agree mostly but MANY, MANY lines of work have short lifespan (physical labor, beauty-based, etc), and others become obsolete.
pyt pretty young tranny your a funny brother
#cnn is describing #righttowork as a pro-growth jobs program-hasn't deregulating worker's rights taught us anything?
May 15th is Cherry Berry Chiller Day
A walk/run of Fryman to start the day? Yes please.
My pleasure, it was fun!!
#Kobe is in #BeastMode!
you can say that ahah I don't mind staying home . Hook me up tho! Lol
they suck SO hard...
Great to see you here Court! Thanks on the congrats. Would love to hear about your biz!
I'm of the belief that Perkins hurts more than he helps.
To be prepared is half the victory.  Miguel Cervantes
I'm glad she's eating. And drinking fluids especially. Tell her I love her
You don't even know what it is. Smh. (:
What's your craziest sexual experience?
Loving 2012 so much because it feels like summer already! BBQ eatin weather!
I come from a long line of repressed, bloated & proud Eastern European people which culminated quite nicely into blowjob jokes & AA meetings
: Pardon my nerdiness, but Nick Fury is the Vince Lombardi of super heroes.
Good Morning All! Rise & Grind. Here's wishing everyone a Good Monday.
I'm so glad i'm not the only one that actually likes staying in on New Year's Eve. lol.
Fis Comp. Treaty 3% annual govnt deficit-to-GDP ratio limit. How? massive downsizing of public service Perhaps a yes vote is best
felt the same way until something clicked (and i saw him live). went from indifferent to fanatic. one of my top 5 (or 3 or 2)
Wow! We are being slammed with last minute project requests. I wish I had more staff to accomodate these customers.
119.53 seconds...don't ask how I know.
lol, i don't think so!
(We're in Fredonia, BTW, getting ready to play some and on Friday night, then to Toronto for some )
Just when you think you have buried the past, they find another body...
Finally got internet on the phone. Yay! I got the 3g my touch. Thanks best :)
I had mine done last Friday and it was a pleasurable experience.
Video won't play on iPhone. Please fix that.
Another theme: Divas in cross-cultural context.
just know that its gonna change up a lil lol
She comes off as strong, but maybe she fell asleep crying. She acts like nothing is wrong, but maybe she's just really good at lying.
thanks drew!
hell yea ;D
Waiting for to take the stage.
it's available on the Internet if you look in the right place.
“It’s Not That I’m Unapproachable I Just Spend A Great Deal Of My Time Avoiding People.”
WHY ARENT YOU HERE THEN?????
Great point - RT : True! RT : A2: Sometimes salaries arent, but...incentive programs can be.
Well, yes, there's that. And evacuating the city with 4 million other people is always an adventure here.
#Adele rocked it!
He has not replied to me
is a play I wrote called Exit sign.
how about them #BRUINS...#GAME7 HERE WE COME!!
A plan = clearly defined goals, measurable objectives for each goal, strategies to meet objectives, tactics to accomplish strategies
your welcome! Do you know if #amw got any good leads or tips?
#haters these days :) jealousy is the most sincerest form of flattery. Lmao
I've been a bit MIA.
I am!
Ryan just fouled out. Welp.
But now i wanna go on youtube -.-
You ain't never seen a fire like the one I'ma 'cause....
Dickie: 18c had rape jokes; punctuated with dashes and asterisks.
My work-in-progress is a horror novel. Stay tuned. :-)
This is going to be a good year . We can feel it in our bones .
caught up on Twitter, which means I'm way behind on Read It Later now.
Claire Danes looks stunning!
#UKHKY intramural softball game tonight at 9 on Johnson Center field 2. Come check us out!
A seed in my seedles orange?
thks for the positive comment concerning the video & the mentions.
Thx for the tip RT There will be 8! Glamorous Chicks Cosmetics are amazing! Check them out. :)
Mission accomplished. Finally found a brugge dragon for K that was both colorful & sword.
So...am I stupid for waiting it out? Nah,just seeing if anything else pops up in the process
tell joe congrats. all us miss you guys. zoey says woowoooarrrooo. :)
Bill Hoest~ I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
This Wednesday night Steve Dushocki is Burbank with many funny comics 7:30.
Descendents are in the building! Or will be soon at least.
Missing him like crazy
#ImWeakFor someone that know what they are doing
Season finale of #BGC!
i used to live on Essex St so Highland Park was my spot.
There will be plenty of reasons to stay out late after the Meetup tonight :) (cc )
Sitting at a creepy park >.<
Isn't it funny when people stop talking to u when they dont get their way?
omg its beautiful
You should go on Nancy Grace, I'm sure she can't handle your warrior aura
idk D; where does it show you it?!
great to see your face last week man! Congrats on the gig!!!
Hope you feel better Austin! Love you :] <3
that shit is natural lol RT“: dawg my daddy was pullen my weave I think I lost a track”
We changed our facebook page to the new look, we hope you guys like it! -CRG Team
A pinch of probability is worth a pound of perhaps. -James Thurber, Lanterns and Lances
Teaching my first library instruction class tomorrow as the new Communication Librarian at UT Austin. Feeling kind of nervous, but excited!
Riding the MARTA in Atlanta and admiring the porches ...
Fav vacation: shlitterbaun Fav candy: sour skittles Fav comedian: Ellen degeneress Fav game: grand theft auto ( I like all of them )
thanks for the follow and the mention. I'm somewhat addicted to your site and include references to it in my #novel Au Pair Report.
Cain's stance on his domestic affairs just became far more amusing than his statements on international affairs.
All the bullshit only makes me stronger
After meeting with the owner of , can't even express to you how fortunate #KansasCity is to have such talent in the soccer world
I always love seeing Gino. He's awesome :)
Lots of sound made a difference too, especially Aidan Baker, Sunn0))), Pauline Oliveros, Coil, Bryn Jones, and I could go on and on.
Wow. That is some strong feelings about black olives. I love green olives but black olives are even better to me.
Substantial: Helping you avoid awkwardness since 2006. :-P
WHAT?!? was at the Colin Hay show last week? How the H-E-double toothpicks did I miss THAT? Great show, wouldn't you say?
Don't know if this is a new thing in ATL but ... found some SCHLITZ! Oh yeah
Wow. Hardcore. Just saw an old man check his blood sugar sitting at the bar.
Congrats to Montee Ball. Amazing year.
Surprisingly good.
"iCarly is Forever in Our Hearts" -- I feel so bad that none of you will know what a good TV show is.
and through it all she brought this on herself. On herself.
Seems like a lot of tchr growth when talking about alternative assessments for students. Hmpf. Weird.
Danny you're gay. And Fede anything from you should be good :)
feeling groovey....except my face is numb..damn dentist and pesky fillings.....
Pees on sheets, not enough to make them too wet really just a dab. Watches me take them off. Gathers them and makes himself a bed.
Currently watching My So-Called Life. Claire Danes is a GREAT cryer.
Why is there no hashtag for NYC?! #HUNGERGAMES24NYC Please!!
“: How to make it in America makes starting a T shirt line look HELLA easy.”
pound it, pound it...
Mark Agito wins the #hhawards Charles MacArthur award for best new play for "Birds of a Feather."
This little, healthy pup was rescued from a kill shelter in Alabama - the 11th hour. Boy am I lucky.Looks just like Jazz. My b/w dog in pic!
& iDont Have My Crutches :/
I'm about to follow all the followers of Back to Last Night with my own twitter GeoffWBarker.
That amazing moment when you talked someone out of suicide. <3
#BecauseItsTheCup “: I literally just almost passed out screaming after that goal. Omg I have headache”
Your best bowling score? Don't fib now. :)
MANCHESTER CITY WHAT?!?
whats on the agenda:Real Assets /Commodities
City Center Bellevue.
SLA leadership summit hashtag is #slasummit check it out!
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." Let's hear it for Dr. Seuss
sure :D
Wandered into bazaar tonight, caught a few songs of 's set. What a beautiful voice!!
Look at you beautiful ladies valuing your village.
its too long for 140 characters but they agreed to exchange tickets which I never got & one of the games was last Sunday
“: when is the greenbay game on? Oh wait”. I. Hate. You.
The best part of the Final Four in Nola was getting to see live! Instead of shy'n away from their tough songs they owned'em!
I need spike lee's tshirt
"Everything's okay in the end. If it's not okay, it'd not the end."
will Livestrong have coke or pepsi products?
keep on the JB stuff boys! Its the biggest album coming out in 2012 ... have a fun Friday!
I am severly depressed - do you think knows!? dig it.
Dear LA: you CAN drive through moisture.
Vinny bites his nails , I bite my nails . we're obvi meant to be.
Thanks for the follow, Chuck!
#please let us get out early.!
#LT pass out
we are treating CP patients in our clinic now. Give us a call at 813-788-3969 and ask for Phillip
RT : You have to respect and love yourself in order to stand any chance for a happy life. Amen!
That's so me! RT As a #Virgo when you criticize someone you're not trying to be mean you simply want them to better themselves.
In statement, Gov. Tomblin says "I believe we can complete the legislation next week."
:/ thanks, maybe she releases more dates, who knows
love the first two but ill check out pretty lights and the youtube intro. Thanks!
so many projects, so little time.
will you follow me back? Enjoy your trip:)
he is yummy lol!!
I've had a lot of amazing memories in the office the past 6 years. As we move, super excited for the future! new space = sweet!
Aw. Yall are awesome! I swear!
Waiting for Alt-Ac workshop. Exciting!
Seeding is everything from on out.
No pressure. Have fun. We're not even here.
Of on the job hunt. Gonna be a great day, I can feel it. #positive minds
:::Looks at wiki picture again:::: AHH...LMAO!
Omg or some Buffalo Wild Wings oh yes
Having an awesome tech/digital meeting with about v2.0 of
Just a monopolist could study a business and spoil it by giving away products.
Dammit, I kinda want to replay Makai Kingdom... It's one of my favorite NIS games. Too bad the PSP port never got translated.
I don't understand why people have to stare at you when you go to the store, I swear this one girl was asking to get hit. #Problem?
CU students just found out that school had a basketball team last week. Very impressive turnout and showing.
Life is not supposed to be full of sadness and regret . Life is living period . So go live it
I prefer the chew chew train one :0)
Wow TLC has taken it to a whole new level. Just saw a man eat a goat's head to be "thrifty" on a romantic dinner.
Spring into Beauty Party tonite at our third ward location from 4-7pm. It's going to be a blast!! It's free to attend, bring your friends!
Eminem... Best rapper alive. No arguments. If you think otherwise, you're most likely deaf or stupid. 😌
Going out and letting off some steam
Hanging out on until midnight. Hopefully I get phone calls from strange people at State Fair!
straight back
Support our very own from Dancing for Womens Cardiac Care tomorrow at Wilson HS in LongBeach
Try our chargrilled chicken fruit salad for a sweet and savory treat.
You make Super Bowl predicts?? Or waiting to announce on next week??
Great chat tonite! I'm amazed & inspired every wk by the dedication and professionalism I see from this group. Proud 2b a member
