No matter what time it is wawa is always the best.
hey Austin!when's new merch gonna be sold?xoxo
he's my favorite :) crying cause colton went home :'(
I'm justin bieber meets jadakiss - yes That is exactly how I describe myself too.
So then I go to uni & I learn the system. I learn that ppl are suppose to want tenure & make sacrifices.
Well i'm just happy you have recovered and is here to tweet and walk the earth
describe your semen. is it chunky, smooth, translucent, milky white, watery , gooey, or all of the above?
no problem ur good
peep the project from my producer download from www.o-dmusic.com super fire sh!t dun dun. Be in the know
#imabelieberbecause he helped me in the worse moments of my life. He gives me hope. And he cares and loves all of his fans.
Conversation moves into comics. Peloff gives a shout out to Persepolis.
Thanks, Anna!
no problem. when i see the schedule ill tweet out the link to everyone
Light a nice one up n hit the buffet
Yay!!! Just talked to :-). She's gonna judge me. We just got off the phone like 25 secs ago lol
I guess I should find a Devils writer, too. And a Coyotes writer. Those would be nice to get before their seasons end.
bombay got alotta proof
i'll just cuddle with my comforter instead. okay!
#TheLuckyOne is the girl that gets to be DRAKE's lady 
Beer Brats Tailgating #Brewers all the the best things in life
and in my opinion are the best couple in the competition.! you guys are wining, thats it!
CIA Archives: School for Danger - French Resistance During WWII (1943)
Thanks for the follow and glad you like Rosendale!
Another day another dollar
For me, there is only one of you and no one can ever replace you.
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Our music playlists are the life of the party.
Have we promised not to make noise?
Official end of era as Blazers waive Brandon Roy via Amnesty Clause, which allows signing of an old Roy pal, Jamal Crawford.
Can you help? RT : I need a good handout for helping students read/understand scholarly articles. HALP!
Somebody come bring me food. I'd like that.
haha I'll try to take better care of it than I did my leg!
My nigha I'm tired, tired tired.
I'm unashamed, I'm gonna show my scar.
": i'm not supposed to be within 50 feet of a school......or a chucky cheese."
it was pioneering in a legal sense if nothing else.
Don't be silly, the only Nirvana that exists is off their baby penis album. Nobody listens to In Utero.
If you use the word tits, especially around a woman, you are a dirtbag. Also, saying "tits" instead of "cool" or awesome" is way lame.
When you are in love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams. ~ Dr. Seuss
SEM is just another way of saying "make money using Google." Yahoo! and Bing barely come up in these presentations.
But of course; what a stellar birthday-set... Rest assured, you reign atop the #myfavoritememphian list! Happy Anniversary! lp
Go ahead, Turn the Key...
At the lincoln park zoo.
I just wrote you on 'fb' .. and its really important (to/for me & others) please respond when/if you get the chance .
kentucky had a scare against the auburn tigers but have pulled away and win by 15.
I STARTED WATCHING IT ITS MY NEW FAVORITE SHOW EVER
;; hard to explain
take a listen to Over You by Graffiti6
Headache like no other 😥
This year's Lilac Festival started off with perfect weather and lots of blooms. I spent a couple of hours there and had fun.
Yo Oprea! Not Wonderbread. Been a big fan of you and your popularity ranking. RT for your biggest fan? ☺
There's a young Latina in my HS sophomore class whose sister goes to ; glad Obama made shout out to Latinas
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen expect a full course meal and it never shows up...
I'm going to grow a mustache until I get to Seattle.
Ah! I forgot my ipad!!!
whats that mean?
I never teach my pupils. I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn. ~ Albert Einstein
these sweet potato pop chips taste like coconut macaroons in my mouf.
I could use some olive garden!
my people? My ancestors came over post slavery and immigrated 2 the north.Slavery from 6 generations ago is no longer a crutch
": Don't feel your way into your commitments; COMMIT your way into your FEELINGS!" #loveliferehab #sunday at Church!
": My fave new shirt. Follow and tweet a pic to them w/ #SahelNOW in it. We'll make 1 my icon for a day.
#mudmelt Taylor used iPhone for her fantastic photos!
hahahaha he had a mini cooper when we were there one time. I pray that was his wife's or something....
Doing the social media thing for the Secure360 Conference this year.
Twitpic out of date, go to myspace/massiverocketradio for a flyer for tonight benefit for the Haiti disaster benefit "210 to Haiti"
Congratz my dude
Ok now I need a girls name for my story
2 big wins in goal tonight :) 9-2 in the first game, 4-2 win in shootout for the second. Still alive in playoffs
And somehow I just knew I was gunna spill coffee all over myself today...
Selena Gomez - A Year Without Rain.
haha well played
I'm in need of human contact.
Please follow me i Follow u back . :D
heard it?
Having rapturous brunch - Elvis waffle w/baconbananapb. Prep for
Definitely hit a new high with the # of expletives it took me to get out of that parking lot.
what's upp!!
thanks love, but we miss you and please keep in touch
E-BLASTING SUCCESS: We all luv email blasts to get the word out! So make sure you have the right look & language in order to have impact.
My dog has a milk stash :))
a truly refreshing and at the same time, hard truth.
Niall's accent in "Moments"... #CanIHaveAnIrishLad ?
Heads up #MW2012 the security line at the airport this morning is long and chaotic...
i'm so exhausted.
Took over two hours to get home tonight; time for some dinner!
oh hay welcome to the twitta world bitch
RT : Why limit Earth day to 1 day? Get a #free cone TODAY when you bring in a picture of your recycling bin
that does not surprise me. I don't think that I have ever clicked on a facebook add.
find something off-the-beaten, culture, and food in a travel destination. also check discussion #traveltuesdays for ideas
Happy Easter everyone! Getting ready for practice in a few mins.Check the next tweet for a pik of my opponents chest after last nights match
for some reason I do not like this!! I feel like he's out 2 take Kentucky down, more now then ever!!
Yeah, Warren!
Could you please prevent Skip from talking NBA basketball. His lack of knowledge infuriates me. Slap him, too.
are you serious?! Omg that's awesome! Is is warm there?
yeah, lots of happy people.
Peace on your pillow ~ #NightHugs :D
come home soooonn!! we'll hang out!
ps- cause I know I'm impt in the going away calculations :)
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that you wonder how yall are friends"
thanks u :)
anytimee let's get drunkk when my patna makes his medford return
Printing music, printing music, la la la la lala la!
today was a good writing day. Finally a breakthrough from days of sweat:)
This golf tournament is unbelievable! Phil makes a huge birdie putt then Keegan drains his! Who's gonna win this thing!?
We did the walk in Boston today & I still have donations coming in. Is there a cut off for accepting them?
Anyone been following today? Great example of how knowing your Sciencey shit allows you to distill info better
thank u so much! lets get in touch for the next one :)
whats up my man
Glad you are enjoying the event. Yes we host events days, nights, & weekends. Typically during the hours of 8am-midnight.
the horrible moment when i lose the nail clippers. they're my life.
Welcome to Seattle!!!
Ditto! RT : Websites and blogs with auto music annoy the shit out of me.
Girls that date there best friends ex I dont approve of that!
is gonna tell me one time that he loves that he lovees me
Facebook IPO: A look at who's selling shares in the social network - Washington Post
I just realized I really got my computer stolen:/
Sad. RT "You know what we need in this country? To get less shit done in the senate" - Indiana GOP logic
putting my retainer in for the first time in a month
SORRY THIS JUST PISSES ME OFF QUITTING LIFE IS UNACCEPTABLE !!!!
Wow my mama got rachet in church tonight. Glad I made her laugh to make hee feel better
Just tapped Trestles
Morning tweethearts!! So..it's Wednesday! joy of joys..need more coffee..
#oppo what a way to make a living...
And the #Rockies season has started! Let's go boys!!!
I'm not kidding. I want a cookie.
#ifiwereapet id be a monkey so i can be free n swing frm trees lol
There's a special place in hell reserved for those that try to board a subway before everyone has gotten off.
We're celebrating Halloween all weekend! What are you this year?
FILL THE LOVE TODAY, AND OPEN AN ACCOUNT FOR SOMEONE SPECIAL IN YOUR LIFE!! HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!
i need to start recordin again
Awesome having you all out! Come back soon!
that is awesome! I hope your floor brings you hours of enjoyment!
You aint go tie me down
I just really hope there are no plans for a sequel.
Ninja turtles have taken over Basic Pizza!
Citizens Bank Park: Where players visit to hit their first home runs.
yeah, let us know how that works out!!
Happy thanksgiving i love you! Come to wisconsin please :)
Everyone, have a Happy New Year! Be safe, be healthy, be happy, and be yourself. Rock on my friends ... V
idt i would out my middle name in their lol but yea sounds pretty legit!
I'd Google that for you, Chris, but I'm not an asshole :)
A huge part of my life just ended, now on to new beginnings but still very hard!
Everybody that didnt show me love on my MF B-day! FUCK U... Cause I always show sum love.. So kiss my ass!
Just bought some new running shoes... now all I need to do is actually run.
Sweets from a Stranger has mixed rep but did Squeeze release better album later? Best songs: "Points of View," "His House," "Elephant Ride."
Procrastination = productivity. Except when it doesn't.
Anyone "bringing it" today?
RT " is my savior after Old Port shenanagins #PortlandGirlProbs" thankfully it's in walking distance from our house.
if you wanna party, lemme see you raise them red cups!!! :)
When someone asks me a stupid answer I seriously just want to smack them as hard as I can. #howcanyoubesodumb?
You thought I was just going to be easy when you asked me to be your accountability partner, you were wrong.....
4$ wasted on this bitch !
Taking a limousine to bus stops today to give people free rides. The random riders will also be my co-hosts. Airs Tues. at 7 on KING 5.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. Oscar Wilde
Yea! Haha! The exact one! Then will be also coming to Jersey! Haha
Is anyone doing anything interesting? I'm bored...entertain me clowns...
I'm sorry Llama World was a disappointment. RT : No llamas. Bummer.
I'd like to be the first one to predict that Miami wins the next two NBA titles Favorite this and marvel at it come 2013.
Then you probably shouldn't watch "The One with the Cop" Friends episode... although I do find it quite amusing.
Cake cake cake cake cake cake CAKE CAKEE CAKE CAKE CAKE! !!! Doggy want the kitty!!! LMAO n
The Caps are never going to score.
I'm unimpressed. He might deliver a dandy, but they had the resources to get very ambitious, and they didn't.
Alright I'm dunzo. My back hurts lol.
Oh and their chia seed muffins! Though the quinoa scones were my fave (discontinued now, le sigh!)
I did as soon as you told me. Thanks for informing me :)
Scrabble.... I'm not doin too good.
I can already tell tonight's gunna be one of those nights where I stay up late cause my mind won't stfu
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 61
Better be...OR THERE WILL BE CONSEQUENCES! or something...
It's never too late. Hope this finds you well.
#California #1940census images online at
Thanks Paulie! Happy Holidays to you too! Glad you like the Rhoyia Hope Crozier tune! Powerful, no doubt about it!
On my way to drupalcon! Excited to learn and experience !
Nadal won in str8s and Federer lost a 5 setter. Was rooting for Fed/Nadal final. I must be bad luck for Fed cause he lost last 2 yrs I went
It was nice having a conversation with engaged adults who weren't incessantly checking their phones.
Congrats Rickie Fowler! Reppin' the 951 today on the tour. Awesome #PGA win!
Just finished the game suck and blow
Sometimes you befriend a hot fetish model & chat on & off for 2 years. Then when she mentions on #fetlife she's going poly, you get a date.
going to try it tonight at Horseshoe casino in Cleveland
hahaha! Last night I just went to the movies and stayed up talking with old friends!
It's only one game! Thanks refs!
Elie Wiesel: Elie Wiesel Quote of the Day: “Do I have the right to represent the multitudes who have perished? Do I have the right.."
I say the right things, but act the wrong way...
that whole record is fucking rocking. Off the mutha fuckin' chains!
nice, real nice
my ovaries are on fire.
My wife got shoe spam! Thank god. She was having serious left out issues. #shoe spam support groups
Plus im buying a new car this summer..grown up life sucks.
My fav meal is Funyuns w/ a Fruit Punch Brisk...
Judkins Carpet we carpet mill direct! Professional Installation on Commercial and Residential at prices you can afford
ouch , stomachache . midnight . neversleeps
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen get a tan ASAP!
Good morning #Columbus dancers! Remember that salsa dance workshops with start today at 1pm at La Fogata. See you there!
EXACTLY MY POINT.
I've just stopped tolerating consumer-hostility: obtrusive DRM, nags, etc. means no sale. I'll work on my queue instead
hey trevey! long time-- when's coffee?
Engage the user/customer. Again... Hope others are listening.
just wait and see what I gotz on SBK.
not even at all?
I am a big fan of Brown's character and his athleticism. He can pass, hit and punt and is the kind of versatile athlete the #Badgers covet
This one was really something else. Very small production, though. Only 350 cases, but still under $30 a bottle. Phenomenal.
sorry to hear that :/
where did 's brain go? boiling butter in the microwave and now she put it into the freezer?
Thanks. I'll be ok, just upset right now.
When you find an inventory of a laborer and his potentially prostitute wife, that gets you a job right? Someone will just give me one?
oh my girl it is awesome there is 4 parks with rollercosters and rides and even some for younger ones it is fun
- I think Obama has grants if you want to go back.
I have some free time. Come by the office?
It's driving me crazy, just being in the dark.
While comics are stumbling from one overhyped event to another, the animated shows take a more classic storytelling approach.
Ensure the safety of your children at home. Install an alarm system today! 877-760-2143 Serving ALL of Louisiana
Thanks Curtis
Everyday on my grid
#HappyMothersDay to all da moms and future moms out there!!! Sumone made me realize dat even tho it aint of u yet, u still a mom!
Tech is so cool! While heading to the gym in Ohio. I talked to my brother who just ran along the Danube River.
My 11 yr old son told me he n his friends got shot at playing at the park over a month ago...He was scared, not knowing what I would do!
I Dont Know What The Hell I Would Do Without Her
O do you have a shiba inu?
"YEAH!" Normal People: ..... Me: "YEAH 1, 2, 3, 4, SOON AS YOU WALK THROUGH THE DOOR!"
Site Shout Out: Delgado Community College in #NewOrleans helps students file their taxes, get benefits, legal and financial counseling...
hack-athon project? create utility 2map how tweet(s) go thru dictionary & lead to influence topics - if only I cld code :-)
just #microconf for me.
“: Enormous #Bruins banner being crowd-surfed through lower bowl right now. It's almost game time here at TD Garden.” Go Caps!
where the hell did you land, Bozeman?
Cancel the referral request. My seamstress has decided to fit me in....yes! She made the dress!
I hate when I'm tired and my mind decides to think about every fucking thing going on in my life.
Im jealous. Stop. hahaha
" Ihave a white controller , and a white controller .... there gonna make pink" oh austin <3 lol
they be at warped tour this summer. =D
how cool would it be to be able to click on a photo from a site like Monticello and select it to be one's avatar? nifty idea! [-]
wakin up with every mornin till the party will be missed. ty 4 an amazing and unforgetable weekend
Joe Biden is great. He's the gravitas of Al Gore with the inappropriateness of Dan Quayl. Shaken not stirred.
The Riverside gives a standing ovation. Well deserved!
Feet hurt , just about to talk to him <3 28
Goodbye Indiana. See you in three and a half months.
lol I know u are mate
. took the words right out of my mouth.
I actually started out in the archives track, but have switched to general.
hijinks AND drinks, yes please!
What's everyone doing tonight in Downtown Philadelphia after #ALA_PLA opening?
To-day is the pupil of yesterday.
Larry&#39;s Lucky Locals! Every Tuesday get $5 U Call It all night long at the Hustler Club!$100 Buckets of Champagne!Don&#39;t miss it!
Happy to see G Road Alum John Wall. For those that don't know he played from 10U - 16U. Come check his banner hanging in gym.
Ok how im getting to I.U.P
wearing pajama pants during the day tells me that you neglected to use a wash rag and soap before leaving the house
I think Rachel Maddow owes Prez an apology. She attacked him pretty aggressively for his first two years.
didn't see my homie at this fest. Maybe the next one.
This is a battle of wits...unfortunately, you're only half prepared.
as much soul as she put in informing us of what's in the new chicken wrap, she better had... Lmao...
I never thought I'd say it but #Glee needs to go away!
I wish my sweaters were more ironic.
just goes to prove how insane my weekend was hahah
subtweeting is being passive-aggressive which is even more annoying. I say, are the worth arguing with if not, unfollow
be sure to check out sports illustrated article on 49ers QB & San Diego native Alex Smith. Nice work Jim.
ANY kind of communication would have been great in
I JUST.... THIS IS ONLY THE FIRST WEEK OF THEIR SUMMER VACATION AND LOOK AT EVERYTHING WE'VE GOTTEN... I JUST CANNOT. I SERIOUSLY CANNOT.
lmao I used to fantasy draft everytime too. Cuz I figured I couldnt win a super bowl with the real team.
Been away working with clients and oh so excited about these upcoming projects.
My Niggas Trapping Just To Pay The Bills
Sounds awesome! Thx! : We invite u 2 Sparky’s Roadside #BBQ on 204 NE 1st St. Gr8 service & delicious food!
sweet, I will have to start watching it then
Much more from what #Orioles are saying on start and moves on #Baltimore Baseball tonight. Myself, Haynie & at 6.
Thank you!
": dear slim, i drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive?" u won't do it no balls.
hmm, good question. Woman? Calipers? What sites?
Lebron with another MVP award baby. Fuck everyone who said it wasn't gonna happen ever again
Today is the day I wrestle my to-do list to the ground and punch it in its FACE.
you so much!
hi, how are you?
Nicolas Batum (left quad tendonitis) is a game-time decision tonight vs. Houston.
should I be this excited tl go jome after work and download #Thewalkingdead game ? Im pumped !
you needed an article to confirm I'm a good guy???
McBain will win in the smirk-off round!
Is the public market open in the winter? I feel stupid for not knowing this being a city dweller!
“: you missed at the party tonight haha” wait what?
Thanks for the TOTD ! You rock!
“: how are things man? When are you joining us on radio?”everything alright bro. What time r u guys on?
Students needed no help seeing resonance of Chesnutt's 1898: veiling white crime, fabricating blck criminality.
Follow Friday! My new favorite cubist/absurdist twitter feed:
your welcome!
Just saw the security report for last night. Guess we caught people screwing in the coat closet and the parking lot. Lol
thanks for having me!
Don't be jealous
round two of vegetarianism begins today...
BREAKOUT WATCH!!!... FBCD EPTI get it
Bill Cunningham is an incredible man. I loved watching his documentary on netflix. <3
Yes, grape jolly ranchers are very very good for you (:
I don't think Indiana State is going to work out after all.
Just switched to Bing as my default search tool in Firefox...Unbelievable how Microsoft pulled that off ;-)
#thatawkwardmoment when your cheesy pickup lines fail to impress
This summer is gonna rule. Warped and Scream it like you mean it tour. I'D LIKE TO THANK NOT ONLY GOD BUT JESUS!!1!
M,idk. You still havnt givin me my P.E shorts >.<
just keep on texting me instead until you fall asleep.. Would've been more romantic if the whole "calling" situation worked
I can forgive pretty much anyone...except you
is visiting #AeroDef in CA to see if it is a good fit for to exhibit in next year
Headed to a kids yoga camp w and Spiritual Gangster, Terri Cooper!
No more braces asdfghjkl
How did we go from late night 'I love you more' fights to pretending the other person doesn't exist?
We Are So Blessed
tell me it's not like the spiketv show...
this nigga need to stick to sports
i have always been in lovee with her, haha
Nothing feels better than black top and yellow line in front of you for hours on end.
Be sure to #follow all our #SmartShoppers on Twitter! , , and want to hear from you!
Looking for a speaker to address social media & marketing in any business or industry? We can help.
oh yes so much more lol
That's a little harsh. The alcoholism and handoff to Rhodey changed comics.
new single #SCARED MONEY ft now available on
I can't see your tweets without singing Bohemian Rhapsody in my head now.
What did you do today to prepare?
My apologies for blowing up simple Twitter mention bit too much. Pulled from blog post. Anyway, your husband's great. Go M's.
I have all my finals the last week of school kms
long rides in the tractor with daddy in the summer and combine in the fall. Nothing better.
u be Lyin smh u dnt txt me or nun
Let us know how your conversation with AAP & turns out
are your jeans too tight?
I cant wait till my delivery I ordered arrived God I'm so excited I can hardly breath
: looking forward to it! Heading to a church in Lebanon to train 30 willing volunteers. Thankful for for caring.
IU East basketball takes on IUPUI tonight @ 7 check out Radiotroy.com for the call
Hey #ROC did you see today's ?? Kodak PlaySport Video Camera at a GREAT deal - GO FOR IT!!
Off to play with the BS Brass on Kankakee! Happy Cinco everybody!
I am looking forward to this weekend! Crawfish boil & lots of beer!
please help spread the word and stop kony
Your description of your Cubs fandom is true of many, many, many Cubs fans! The Cubs have more social fans than any MLB team
nothing created without experimentation can be called either #science or
feell like butt...i'm not going to school 2marrow... :( </3 wah'
the mornings we don't go to the gym I struggle to get ready. Can't wait for gym time tomorrow!
That's great :)R u doing running start? You'll have tons of fun... Especially with dance team!! How'd your captain interview go?
sorry off today :)
Listening to #Boyfriend by <33
Focus on the quality of life. Add life to your years and then years will be added to your life. :)
Releasing Peyton is definitely the riskier move. Indy has no control over where Peyton will end up. HOU we have a problem!!
Hi Jason, we can help resolve this issue for you. I just sent you mail.
I'm good! How are things on your end? Congrats on your year anniversary at PBS btw
I have No Friends ill admit that .
All GSA vehicles are required to use only "green oil" as of Jan, 2012
I cut my thumb earlier. Its burns
take that shit off bend over let me see it!
Hey Nice to meet you.
and could you please send me a link from your show tomorrow and i sent you precise single "it's on me"
Off to Albuquerque-my first visit there-for #aicmtg2012 Looking forward to the seeing all my #Conservator friends and Stuart Welch from CXD!
Whatever else she may or may not be, Rachel Uchitel is certainly no shrinking violet.
Why am I being so honest with you? Well, you know my biggest secret: that I like you. What else should I hide.
Picture clear as day
Wondering how John Cusack can be so good in The Raven and Hot Tub Time Machine
iOS 5: downloaded. iPhone 4: updated. Especially today, I'm glad I don't own a blackberry.
I dig it
I'm Not Who I Used To Be God Knws I Better Than Before
Screw you, Doan!
You are the Greatest Female Rapper Alive and the Queen of Pop! Damn I Love You!
Its 1:26am... WHY AM I STILL AWAKE?! Oh thats right... Cause I have else nothing better to do... Talk to me people!!!!
OMG its so gorgeousee x
#RIP Dick Clark. #newyears will never be the same
If a P.O. from Compton can make over 100k so can I!
Are you coming to Phillips this weekend? :)
I'm still stuck on these 70's Rush albums. There's so many of them and so far they are all good. I keep coming back to A Farewell To Kings
stop thinking RT : Was thinking first person to hide wallet in shoes while swimming: Genius. Every person after that: Not so much
I really want a tele, I would rock the shit outta that guitar haha
Lol. You need to hustle boo.
Looking forward to Mom visiting me and my sister in Atlanta in 2 weeks. That Red Velvet Cake she makes so GOOD is calling me!!
feels that the "like" feature on Facebook is meek. Seriously? In a word, "Meh."
I don't, I'll check it out! We just finished the 1st season. Awesome show.
its str8 boring at times tho
Clear helmet to helmet on White there…but, Joe Buck said he hit him in the shoulder, so it must have been.
hey follow us on twitter please !!!!!!!!!'
- yes, we do get what we pay 4. A high quality of life w/ a high price 4 gas. I'll gladly take it. ;)
Now Lauren Trapp #motorola #LTNY speaking to internal needs - process mapping, and change management. Reinforcing new processes.
Deuce in the VIP room ya that's right
The chance of getting a cavity is higher if candy is eaten slowly throughout the day compare to eatin it all at once then brushin your teeth
me to girl c:
If you haven't requested Chuck Wicks on your local radio stations today, don't forget to do so!
This past weekend, I road-tripped a combined 15 hours to do improv for a combine two hours. Worth it?
Thanks so much for the retweet!
protein shake, vitamins and email start my day along with scratches for Schatz
No, Sonny. No.
#Bracesproblem I got melted cheese stuck in my wires
TONIGHT!!! Angry Young Men Ltd. will be putting on their Full Frontal Puppetry variety show at Solstice Theatre! Check 'em out!
#SHOUTOUT to my boy & his AMAZING girl Hope u guys had an amazing weekend :) cheers
In close reach! :)
Happy to assist and we'll look into putting a note on the site about the font variation. Thanks!
In New York City this week for the AES convention!
and this is crazy
Lord knows I'm tired. This double done damn near killed me today
follow me bitches!!!!
Senior prank was weak
: House fire in NE #ABQ near Wyoming & Candelaria. Crew on scene.
Don't get how you follow people who only have 7 followers and you won't follow others who have more
He drank the Kool Aid before I could work on him- lives in Lawrence. If I could only convert him into an ND fan
That is a lot of money! Covers are important though.
thank you. We had a great time at the conference
and exciting! It means I'll be able to use it soon!
We dont know what its called yet, submit what YOU think it should be called and we will pick one of them to be the new song name
Sorry for silence, but have been traveling abroad. Will return next week.
RT “: my dream job would be being a real-estate agent in NYC. so #perfect”
hm, uhh, I like A LOT of genres but I mainly listen to soundtrack like 24/7 because I love movies, similarity haha
Daylight savings: my God, it sucked getting up this morning but it still being light out when I left work made it ok.
exactly, I win. :)
Need to be fucked. I'll be in Tucson this weekend. Hopefully I can have my holes used there.
DAMN!! What a way to end the VMAs. Downloading the album in half n hour.
That awkward moment when a five year old girl is prettier than you ._____.
and a dang good game! Into hour #14. Go Elite. Go Blazers!
was more accurate. orton is decent. nothing more
Thank u RT : S/O to and the whole team!! Grind hard and be blessed!!
Ross just donated $50, which makes him a Power Pal! Thanks Ross!! You're supercalifragilisticexpialiawesome!!!
What is your favorite Talking Heads record?
teams like Wisconsin are the reason they instituted the shot clock in college.
“: Ear candling ... Thoughts?” <----I've never tried it, but totally wanna!
Twittbot feed is not working so well with the new Twitter API. Keep sending and I'll RT as I can!
gorgeous design aside, thanks for all your patience helping us get this baby live!
I have ideas flooding my head that I will start to write after the trip to Europe
While I'm at it: I need to get nominated by a member theatre to attend the conf, called "model the movement." uhm.
NLCHP live tweet on! At kitchen table, where politicians say Americans go to make important decisions.
Trying to figure out how I am feeling this morning ...but I don't have any complaints!!! Good Morning!
well all the good seats are sold out. I don't want to be nosebleed for $100. GA Idaho is $20.
Remind GOP to vote tomorrow--CRUCIAL Supreme Court race. Please remind Democrats that their votes must be cast in Illinois.
challenge for today: see how many people you can get to SMILE...just got 1.... (for real)...total @ 5pm central
Just got to Vintage Ultra Lounge!! I can't wait to see all my friends!! Xxo
Just slept in. Ready for a great day at the #CCCNLC!
I adore
watching spit some strait fire on Alistradio.net
Nobody follows me after they said they would for following some chick
~ So what do the Polian departures mean for Indy?
Shameik Moore Live in studio about to drop his new single "Show Out" ft. Shawty Lo on V-103 w/ LilBankhead & call in 404-741-9833 Now...
and not to mention , tht was to get yu to tell the truth which never happens . go to yur hill and die.
hahaha sure....if that's what you wanna call it ;)
I wonder if I can get him to come and perform at my 8th grade dance 5-25-2012
People turn innocent stuff like bananas and lollipops and NUMBERS into dirty stuff ;)
who u stay with?
A bunch of damn kids from are messing up our shop and practicing the darks arts as I speak.
You sure will! i get in the 21st and staying until the 31st!
RT : Trying to put tgther things to do in madison wi when it's raining... ideas? Cozy up & get ready for
CityStreak is giving away 4 tix to next week's CMT Music awards for the winner of this week's spontaneous CityStreak. www.CityStreak.com
Thank you to Zero Hour on WMSE 91.7 FM for playing "Dirty Girl" today! You can hear the song on our FB Band Profile.
Kobe and big ben heard it forever...prolly still do
definately =] youl be hearing more soon i promise!
And I'm not sure that either metaphor makes sense.
It would appear that every one of my friends are at The Pixies or at home in sweats tonight.
When you ride with you never know what to expect. Today had to other pros, one works a camera the other a down hill bike.
I dig.
Night guess ill talk to you tomarrow xoxo :)
Thanks Michael, will check it out now.
- Bonsallpalooza 2012 a benefit concert in SoCal to save the music at our school district BUSD
Forecast for Monday Night: Showers. Lows in the lower 60s. Southeast winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain near 100 percent.
caller id or Gtfo
Collaborating with our british brother S.O. from Lamp mode records. Should be sweet.
Preparing for Millbrook Community Day this weekend. Hopefully the rain holds out!
Who's ready to sell some books?!
My bestest friend is here !!!!!
Picture books that children will relish: Extinct animals, pirates, cheeky dogs and an adventure in the back gard..
We made it! Happy Friday! Best part I'm taking today off. :)
Hey did you hear the rain and thunder and shit?
Just found out my Heat won!!! And LeBron showed out again!!
it's a freebie for politicians to support popular teams, then spend our $ to lure them for their political benefit
Only til like 5...but I don't really care about seeing Maroon 5 or Wiz and can always drink on my own. She just wants to go all day
If you want respect you gotta earn it It's crazy most people they never learned it
Why would someone choose to be a "Monster", when they could be a Barb?
Mad Men has returned! What did you think of the season premiere last night?
#iFOLLOWyou #TeamFollowBack #Blessings -- Thanks for the follow. ALL MY LOVE!
Good luck to as he plays in game 7 of the Bill Salonen Cup Finals tonight
Getting ready to drive into Boston. Dinner at Legends Club (and wine) followed by Game 6. I am a CELTIC.
Don't forget to check out the partial solar eclipse this Sunday. It will be visible in Milwaukee from 7:21-8:12PM. Let's hope for no clouds.
Gearing up for open gym on Wednesday night from 7-10 at ACTS in Midlothian. Male or Female. Beginners welcome. $5 per person to play.
you should go to the library with me so i can get my lit letterss
What's with people following back possibly thousands of people, then they unfollow trying to make it as though they are so popular... LAME
ok, drafts commented upon. now to try and clean up this office.
Life is what u make it people complain hoping someone would change it for them so they can take the credit #helpyourself!
I wanna move there after I graduate from college!haha(:
Thank you! I will.
Miami(: you?
you got skype
no problem ! :)
Busy week! ..Look forward to working with students on scholarship thank-you notes!!
Feature #2: "Things that Are Still Here."
I wonder what it would be like to live life with no reins.
Custom Posters are the Perfect Gift for an independent Artist! Discounts all weekend long at MusicalStop.com ! !
Don't bite the hand that feeds you, someday you might be hungry.
Girl please talking about you been "bad" ^.^
It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up magazine!
No, that's why we were at CVS. omghahaha
Left my damn water
What? RT : RT : Bc all from New Mexico r really from Spain: Tourism racist want ad: ‘Morenos need not apply’...
what was so funny about those soundbites at the start of the show?
that's the plan. if i can get my form notarized.
we of course understand if you decline; things have been busy lately!
Yard work and yard work and yard work. I am working on yard more than i do for dancing. how funny
I'm fully grown, just haven't found anything I really want yet for a tat. Love them, just haven't found anything that's me yet.
Love using my Starbucks iPhone app. It scans a #QR code within app for payments
Floyd "Money' Mayweather hosting Monday Night Raw in Sin City!! should be a good one tonight!
At working on an idea for a pilot that takes place in Silicon Valley.
I strongly dislike Boise State. And BSU has a wide receiver named Matt Miller. Brutal.
wait until u see what Move Theory, Alliance for Childhood, and The Play Lady + others partner to do in dc metro area
Me and annie just triend hot sause flaroved pickles!!! nasty!!
chronic complainers <<<< + energy
i submitted comment to ur article on DOS emb & consulates. Couldn't leave my name, but wanted you to know.
Female Dictionary: -No =Yes ♀ -Maybe =No ♀ -We Need =I Want ♀ -We Need To Talk =I Want To Complaint ♀ -Am I Fat =Tell Me I'm Beautiful ♥
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
We should all be thankful for Facebook & twitter. The way gas prices are headed, we may never actually SEE our friends again
hey i just dump SHSH on i4 5.0.1 and my jailbreak is gone... any thoughts
#Dodgers sale Monday! New ownership Tuesday
I like it! Better up my skills.
I don't like you . . Go away
is the Real Deal :)
Ugh. Tired. Sleep. Bye.
HR, Ben. Not even from the boss!
shhh that never happened.
Up and @ em ppl...its Fri!
#LNYHBT Someone needs to spoof the Obama FORWARD logo to say FORWARNED ...hehehe Do you like that Sean?
an 8 year old girl performing a magic show at the local art walk last night :D
...hAIL TO THE MIGHTY NEW YORK FOOTBALL GIANTS!!!!!
it's been an hour and they are still outside, wonder what's going on.
Follow me @ twitter/oaksmusic
what up what up
Oh and also I forgot our other local brewery, Pabst. Congrats to you too
Hungry? We're only a 2-minute drive from the circle - come on in for our all-you-can-eat Italian American Buffet!
Pancake week continues at all Sunny Street Cafes citywide! Today's feature - Chocolate Bonanza Pancake (Chocolate done three ways) All Day!
Wakin' to #bacon! Good morning everyone!
Like that!
hey twitter fam!
so yea. she might need to sign her name on that "do not respond" list.
#excuseme lady at the bar its not even 6pm why have you taken your shoes off already? And you went to the bathroom barefoot?
dang if a tsunami cam to north carolina, East High would be #fucked! aahhaa
Hey lady! If you're free tomorrow night at 8, I have a comedy improv show at Playhouse West. Wld love for you to come :)
JEALOUS ~?shelley?~
that really is a huge loss! Sounds like it was not as simple as the owner would have us believe. Maybe an opportunity for others?
what! why?
Come unto me, ye who are weary and overburdened, and I will give you rest.- Matthew 11:28
Happy Friday even if it is the thirteenth. Take the energy of tomorrow and enjoy it today. Love is in the air.
my inner kitty is happy I hope glean gives Dondald a 10 then I might die but I would be happy
MPOW is having a 1/2 day forum w/ presentations from our librarians. Currently about our Chicano/Latino special coll.
back in Morristown
I need a UC shirt/tank
Now I'm going to have to hunt them down.
My relationship >
follow u shud have some in the locker room - if not tell Leroy 2 order some -dbrown my partner
RT : so grateful that u thought of us for this exciting effort! With every $1 2nd Harvest can provide 4 meals!
guys stuff too?
Michigan state volleyball has cheers like softball...wth?!?
Come get your dubstep fix tonight with
I'm loving the live program notes and the 'dim the lights' feature. Fun!
Today’s MOCA Specials: Soup of the day is Tortilla Soup. Sugar Free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
ha ha I know right..what's up bro! Hope all is well with the fam!!!!
What's the best way to study for a final when you didn't do the review packet? Hmm this question will haunt me all day! Grr. 3 finals today.
In the NBA mgmt office @ the convention center. Would <3 to meet u....
Stupid school ): had to miss )):
Are you and doing a thing tonight?
Every Generation Needs a New Revolution
Hi my name is saragrace and I have no balls.
...& "dignity of work" flap does illustrate differences of pol. agendas, but attributing any 1 consultant's view to a party = specious (3/3)
Yes, that's awesome!!!
is now open Open from 8-630. #gwu Time to get
ONE OF THE FUNNIEST SHOWS ON TV RT: what's tosh.O ?
My head hurts, I may vomit, and my body feels of a 90 year old man
Reminder: Tomorrow is MURFC's Home Opener at King Field (16th just N of Highland) at 11 a.m. vs. Northern Michigan.Come support ur Warriors!
Going to Citi Field tonight to see the Mets play the Washington Nationals.
Imagine: "the doorbell rings and there's some flowers at the doorstep and there's a note and it says you are beautiful love Austin x"
i declare a big blessing onto your life and ministry today minister! God bless!
We're watching MTV and eating popcorn. How can something so simple be so awesome?
Im not racist or gayist!!!!
Street Folk Musicians are stupid.
Played my second full round of golf this year at Rolling Meadows. Shot an 81. Not too bad considering how little I play.
yo Q would like to talk to u about a business prop. get back to me
Mad amounts of sp....(dizzle)...am bots crowding my Twitter in-box. I forward to the Twitter police immediately. And log out.
beast among men
White power! RT : White power, huh? RT : White Power Sent to ESPN Mail Facility; Employees Being Decontaminated
There's no Oklahoma record label who loves Everton more. Come on you Blues!!!!
Couldn't get a pic but the DC Cowboys were great!!!
I hear Jamie Moyer is back....
has all around talent!!
me to! I am hardly makin it today!
the believed? Or knew?
Thanks for the mention. Hope you guys are getting some sunshine out of the latest radio hour.
I like to start my day with coffee, oatmeal, one black cat purring in my ear, and the other sleeping on my lap.
I hate when you cut a nail to short that it hurts your finger!!
Good luck bro! Ignore the ignorance and stay humble. You will be great out there. Much success to you.
The 3 C's in life :Choice, Chance, Change. You must make the Choice, To take the Chance, If you want anything in life to Change."
nothing like blasting #UpAllNight in the car with the family ;)
Going to read...be back later. :)
I worked with her briefly back in Ohio! Can't believe she's still doing that graph schtick.
#Joyce's unpublished letters passed into the public domain as of Jan.1, 2012.
he was true but you still hattin
In so much pain ! :(
The Texans are all over Ben Rothlisberger like Rosie O'Donnell eating muff!
#odd arcane laws: In Massachusetts, it is against the law to put tomatos in clam chowder.
Just curious, where might I see photos of Fri night hall costumes? I know I missed some great ones.
What is PR anyway will take place in CE 305
Gotta love near white out conditions when you know you are going to have to drive in it
ha ha ha ok
Happy Birthday to a gr8 Guy who sure can Sang ! Hope u had fun 2day ;-)
fluffy pillows is for hugging purposes. Neck and head pillows should be small enough.. :-)
Shopping with friends is so much fun:)
Dear jesus, why did you make me hate shopping, while loving boots so very much? This is painful.
supporting a local band tonight, Splitfinger! can't wait.
plays tomorrow! I'm so going!
lol No .. Its irritating when ppl say that
no clue):MY FUCKING FAMILY WANTS ME TO GO OVER THERE ON FRIDAY);thats why im gonna tell my mother to make a little partyon friday
excuses, excuses. Lol
you still need to get something for mom? we can help! run, don't walk! we're open til 5! xo
I used to like when his name popped up. Now I just dont care for it.
Morning sexy I miss your chocolate smart ass face!! #LoveSick!!!!.......
Up to all challenges today!
the older I get, the more respect I show (and realize I should have shown) to my parents
..and that fat old biddy, work'en the ranks there..you have GOT to be kidding! No wonder that THING is jealous, omg..
Hello sweetheart how are u tonight??
Happy New Year to you too Jessica :D
Theres a click-able picture to there voting site for the #Hardrockcafe battle of the bands so if you can't find it go to website on profile.
this week went by pretty fast 👍
Awesome ! Way to tie it up!
Thanks for getting the message out!
I suck pretty bad at it
lol! “: because we both rock/ and do the fandango!!!”
Deleted my tweet about the mysterious disappearance of out NY Times Sunday newspaper. I have no evidence they take it. But (1/2)
are you leaving tech to make gourmet donuts because you don't like the options? :P
I miss you
I know dis heffa aint twacthinn make me come through this fone and jack u up
thanks for following me! You'll read about lots of our fav artists, music news and Rockstar Motel on my feed!
will you come to montreal again really soon?:)
so sorry. i feel your pain. i don't think i will ever be rid of my stuffed up head. (good luck with kimble!)
RT : Is this unacceptable, even if dog was "comfy?" ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?
Soo.. Shower, laundry, job interview and gym!! All tomorrow.. Bed soon!!
I want to believe that. Really. But at some point aren't the odds that #orioles and #bluejays really do catch up?
RT : Looking forward to Cindy Selfe tomorrow at
We love cheap dates in Pittsburgh! Let us know about your upcoming events or unique romantic ideas at $30/couple or less (psst we love FREE)
No school today.Theres snow outside. Sleeping peacefully.Then my friend comes in and pushes me up and takes my blanket. >:(
That guy is such a douche... you probably shouldn't ever talk to him again
Why is there NOTHING to do in this city? -.-
We're glad you're a new fan!
Drew Brees is a savage... I know Peyton Manning is out but he sure as hell doesnt play defense, Indy has quit!!!
We're making a SWITCH, head over to The Upset Victory & "LIKE" our new and improved page!!
if your class got canceled, try us at home yogatailor.com RT : trying to practice... not really that flexible
Hey Tell Mckenzie To Follow Me Asap!(:
lol at least I get to meet one of them
You got one?
Quick trip to the gym before the #Sixers game. These 7pm starts suck.
Good morning Seattle! So it isn't sunny, but it is Friday :) Weekend of arts planned?
Okay so I heard was redoing "Boyfriend" with and I had to listen to it. Honestly..... IT SOUNDED AMAZING!!!! <3
Fun night :)
Oh yay I actually do get to go on the booze cruise tomorrow.
playing in #Chicago at #Kinetic Playground! #Flux Pavilion #Doctor P Afterparty!
Foggy conditions out there on the roads. Drive safely (especially when my wife is on the road with my kids!)
lOOKING FOR A TENOR SAX PLAYER.......HAVE SEVERAL DATES CONFIRMED FOR MARCH..TXT OR CALL..623.204.4999
She never seizes to amaze me. Follow you won't regret it.
Big no-call on the elbow by Florida. Direct contact to the face. I have seen less contact called a flagrant 1.
Eating subway wit d Ginas
Encourage people to ask questions on your company's Facebook page to spark customer engagement and build conversations.
Don’t compare your life with others, you have no idea what their journey is all about.
You tell yo bitch that the next time I see her. IMA BEAT HER AS.
Oh right, local taxes. I knew I was forgetting something. I guess I'm not quite done yet. Sigh.
if Preds gets bounced outta 2nd rd I bet Suter will b leaving & major chages will b made there esp after going all in. Lotta hockey left tho
Austin sprints for outrigger canoe. It feels so incredibly early for a saturday.
i care for you so much. you really don't understand.
With my shoulder finally 70% recovered from surgery, I'm finally getting back in shape after a very depressing Seattle winter.
the 2 new LA south central pound dogs, Benny and Angi are so great. Need a foster home, until I can buy a house in the next 4 months
Takuma Sato is stuck in pit lane, stuck in 2nd gear
Malaysia mosque a source of hope for heroin addicts - Reuters
Enjoy! I gotta try one looks refreshing
Yeah baby yeah!! RT : epic night
The first interview is taking place today in Charlotte. We'll be in Austin for #sxsw and will be kicking things off there.
Start your weekend right with a glass of Kenwood Cabernet. Notes include: black tea, mint, and olive. Pair it with our steak tips!
Agreed! RT : site should reflect YOU, is your online personality :)
I don't watch a lot of golf, but I love the Bubba Watson story.
Who u b-ballin wit??? lol
Looking 4 responsible interns. Like to write? Like rock/pop/electro/hiphop? Passionate about Nashville's music scene? Hit me up.
Attending the Leadership in Retail & Consumer Products Form today in NYC. Anyone else?
I am obsessed with about 3 people on here. I hope you know who you are
Just listened to a great keynote address on education by Dean Christopher Edley visionary and solution oriented. Q
GOOD LUCK! #TeamAdam You got this Tony! !
#astd2012 the signature of the mediocrity is chronic inconsistency. - Jim Collins
Don't let United cut them, they'll just use Kraft single slices.
Now the hard part--figuring out who to follow.
very sorry and very sad indeed!
SO ITS TUMBLR! IM GOING FUCKING INSANE!
MD House Ways and Means Committee APPROVES bill that would authorize statewide referendum on adding table games and a PG casino
I have just created a new list titled 'Technology' using TweetDeck
Try refreshing the page.
Happy New years Eve! Be safe out there Pittsburgh!!! oWWWWWWWWW!
We're totally thinking of making a side post rock album after this record drops aha awesome idea right?
thanks for the invite!
Others girls are cute but they're just not her
Just concerned the basics are over-looked in favor of learning the new hotness.
indeed lol RT : lmao dont put that shit on me kim if u come up missin then ill put u on a shirt
You're really good! Subscribed :) Wanna check out mine? It's on my twitter
MLA (Montana), Code4Lib, both ALA's, and some other Montana stuff.
No! We missed that, and it sounds awesome! Sending you email!
tell ur mother & grandmother the family said happy mothers day
Ipod has decided it only needs to sync the first song off of my albums.
At the eaton workshop #xam11 Eaton has a great power solution for all your IT needs from desktop to data center needs!
"friends" who constantly make you feel like shit, arent real friends.
just watched First Sunday again....hilarious!
follow back
4pm tour starts soon! Stop on over to see our new tasting room and enjoy this beautiful day!!
Thanks for the follow Kyle! Let us know if we can help fund your ideas!
The F.A.A. & others are running out of reasons we can’t use e-readers on planes during takeoff and landing t.co/1jCMHaYM by
Tonight is so star studded after last year's snorefest, it's almost like the nominations were designed for better TV.Just sayin
Hermann's in AA. Rivera and Towles are at A.
Girl you think your ass can out bitch me?!?! Pshhhh please...NEXT!!
I already told you babe im NOT gonna accept your $$&
Now I gotta try to break this off...going to walk my dogs to clear my head. Thanks ::hugs::
Follow my tweets is a Awsome account related to Porn :*
I don't think this is the time to be messing with celebration traditions. So, definitely tacos.
Love a good mediterranean plate
--have exclusive training programs. Clarins might not allow a Clarins associate to learn how to sell Clinique, Lancome, or Estee Lauder.
Parents, what are your experiences with #teens with #autism? Are they interested in the opposite sex?
Please follow... Need to ask question in DM.
WWW.COLLEGEBASKETBALLRECRUITING.NET WWW.PLAYCOLLEGEBASKETBALL.COM WWW.TXRECRUITER.COM
Great Wedding!
how bout a RT for your biggest fan in Syracuse!!
shes a mb/omg fan.she made a twwet about talking to digyy and now the jetsetters are acting like tm.smh.
didn't get the chance. Working on the mag.
DK was a MUCH bigger disaster than Arnett b/c he was the 10th pick, EA was the 26th. Also: Arnett not done yet.
I do (journalism) because I can. And a lot of my colleagues cannot. - alfredo corchsdo at
THAT'S JUST MESSED UP, I'M IN SO MUCH PAIN, I'M EVEN MISSING A PIECE OF MY GUMS, AND I HAVE TO GO THE DOCTOR TOMORROW
He is so cute
Sounds good to us, Alan! Too legit to quit. For all your study needs, you know where to turn.
Can't sleep! So I am checking out Make-up Professor videos. Love the concept and the dots. I am thinking they should be stars
Hard fought first half. #atlanta_hawks not going down easily in key G6 road situation. #BostonCeltics 47 41 at Half.
You... With ur switching sides & wildfire lies & humiliation
I am not speaking figuratively... Men literally walk over broken glass to see me. If women do that for you...can we be friends?
My parents have caved. They're meeting me in Myrtle Beach after my bike tour for a little R&R at the end of July!
#Payphone is a GREAT dong for break up :( Thanks Jerk......FUCK YOU!!!
You're doing great! Keep it up. Good luck.
Rock my world until the sunlight. Make this dream the best I've ever known.
Hmm... purring cat on my arm is a good thing.. ^_^
Today is new beehive day! Pictures to follow!
I wish the seniors were close:(
Yes, Yes Yes!! Then you can be part of Team Tampico :D
HAPPY NEW YEAR! Hope everyone's year is successful!
On da way out of town wit the bro #YCEE #417 if ya don't know...don't ask ahha
I miss you already!!! 😭
happy mothers day and ~
#caa2012 Nick Mirzoeff: question is instead can we *think* in a way that's not onl in market terms?
It's amazing how I don't hear on bit of party bickering to create jobs here in SW FLa. It's amazing what the housing does for the economy
Consistent victory is the difference between people who practice till they get it right and those who practice till they can’t get it wrong.
Is Paul Gigot @ WSJ a bigot? Well, IJS...you don't have a name like that and have talk that backs it up for nothing!!!
no promises, but let me know when u go.
twitcon >>> you're beautiful.(:
thanks for the great article!
Want to hear the good news or the bad news? Good news? I get 2 comp days. Bad news? I have to work this weekend to earn those days.
lmfao, i admit i am a crazy gf lol
it was incredible haha
WIND WIND GO AWAY! I'm totally lazy being inside.
Bording on the plane to Vegas now. Can't wait to see Momma! :)
well you just made an interpersonal tweet. That's pretty interactive. Lol
We find comfort among those who agree with us-growth among those who don't. -Frank Clark
You Fuckin SUCK how can you deny Rachel she obviously blessed so i guess ur jealousy subconciously overcame , u will bejudge
We can't disagree with that.....floatable massage tables?!
oh gosh!!! Ugh that sounds terrible!!
eventually I'll see everything crystal, and fire like an automatic pistol
Great enthusiasm in the Blue Film Festival in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca. More than 250 children & adults enjoyed a fun & educational evening
Fine, don't believe me! Mood
Fellowship w/ Faith World Orlando this morning. What an awesome service! #ShoutUntilYouAreOut!
you leaving the iPhone behind?
guessing they don't trust Eveland tomorrow and want to save pomeranz
The Lions coach needs to get his player anger management and then put them boys back on the field smdh! Oh well F'k it #WHODAT!
were you in winnipeg?
benefits of exceptional customer experience are clear: 400% higher conv, 41% lower cart abandon, 17% more recos
I love Georgetown and I want to get into the McDonough School of Business this fall !!
Heroclix Infinity Gauntlet tonight 7pm!! Come see if you can save the world or destroy it!!
TONIGHT!!! The Lodge COME SEE US!!!!
They did just fine with Sarah Palin's actual words :D
listening to U on the radio...congrats on 1st album 2yrs ago!!
Thank you!
Thanks for my free bday rental ! Just picked up Crazy Stupid Love to watch tonight with
Pshhh, enjoy the day you have now. Who knows what adventures could come up before then ;)
Yes, exactly. Always work to improve!
No. The same effect
My heart goes out to his family dam I another good person dead dam
i hope it's a torrental downpour!
Does anyone else experience at once profound joy & profound sadness when reading Audre Lorde? Black lesbian mother poet warrior. Deep love.
His Wife Would Put “Efferdent” In A Glass Of Water Tell Him It Was “Alka-Seltzer”…At Least His Colon Was Cleaned “Minty Fresh” Overnight…
Happy #FF to some #FitnessFollows and
haha yeah. I'm not going cause none of my friends are going,and a lot of people said it was lame :P
. seriously....what's going on with my order? It's been two weeks and you charged my card. I was excited, but it's fading...fast.
Just had a shot of flax seed oil, followed by apple cider vinegar, and finally a bag of mini cheese crisps!!!
wave to the camera, Jason!
if you get back on your acct... What are you going to do to it?
My physics professor is way too enthusiastic about the demos...lmao
i wish i was alot like you my friend. i truly admire you
YES PLEASE.
idk why not?
Hey... Do you remember when we used to talk all the time, and hang out like every day? Yeah, you have no idea how much i miss that :(
Ha I wonder....sick video though!
I a verizon blackberry bold for sale hmu if your interested!
Thinking I'll put the Bloglines export into Netvibes for total all-library-stuff portal
MONKEY TRUCK by is published today. Look out for Michael's guest post on the blog for an inside scoop.
Can I please be one of those people at Kidz Bop that takes inappropriate lyrics and turns them into neutral boring rubbish?
time for a few brews.
Everything happens for a reason I just wish It didn't have to happen like that. Smh
Did you know that the Library of Congress is permanently archiving all public tweets since the inception of Twitter in March 2006?
Please follow me (:
So many things would never happen if it weren't for volunteers. Well done!
your moking again?!?! What, me wanna roll up with youu! Lol
Sr Elaine Polcari, SSND was a great friend and a true example of love in service and action
good morning hope all is well and enjoy your day
WWF friends: Sorry I've been too busy to play. It was good while it lasted... We're not broken-up. I just need some space right now.
Um...was the pie served in cups?
your to big
thank you. forreal shelby. means a lot (:
On this Sunday in September, the number 4 has nothing to do with a certain QB. Go Brew Crew!
People of #Williamsburg. Come buy our t-shirts at . We're selling the last of our original designs.
Cleanout update. Found some ex-rental Star Trek Voyager videos- god I hope I got them in a sale not8xn
Happy #MothersDay to some great moms (and supportive friends)!
Why are you dying inside?
itsjus a song no worries
those dryers must be super-powered!
": "I AM BEAUTIFUL, NO MATTA WHAT THEY SAY!!!!" -the first piece of bread"
just depends on what you lookin for? I don't charge by the hour, an you get as many revisions as you need. What you lookin for?
Rocking out to #MyOnlyHero in my car on the way to work today :D
Olive Garden with my family for Mother's Day
What's your take on the Critoforiaso?
Great! God news. Share new smile ))
Thanks for the follow, your timing is perfect - intentioning stones for a friend
Up and at 'em.
I was looking for an "It's always happy hour, let's do it!"
RT I've been watching all day! “: Also, Property brothers is amazing!!! #Iammymother”
This Convo Is To Funny!
Great to know that when I am weak,there is someone there to remind me...It's normally the guy in the mirror.Prayer speaks life & heals hurt.
This bitch breath smells like train smoke
I got it
2k white girl?
Tip #5. Choose healthy snacks. It is wise to choose snacks from different food groups.
Missing him 😘
OMG! Why are we married! That song was amazing!! I absolutely love it<3
smart cat
At fugi steak house with gabe....ching chong wing wong cant understand ya
Wish I could stay home.! Really should
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson
sry im late bro!!!Happy thanksgiving man
I know the old you and you know the old me...not now.
Narcissus - Say Anything
R.I.p. Tragedy, big nose Joe, showtime, Kal kapo ......
Today's agenda: contacting Miami hot spots/hotels to find a phenom venue to host the #EPAMIA chapter's Launch party. Woot woot!
So over having a surgery EVERY year but it's better to have them and be in less pain then have them and risk getting something worse.
Lol! RT : that is a very, very dangerous idea! too tempting :)
This Song Is About You "Baby" by Justin Bieber
Work from home with a computer and phone, no experience necessary, Weekly pay! Call at 1:00PM EST 646 519 5860 Code: 64630#
thank you for your service,support, and kind words. Best to you and yours.
When you drive past cows, do you moo at them?
Where u sitting bro ?
RT : #parkbenches are at the best price of the year!: This Cast Aluminum and Real Oak Park Bench is absolutely gorgeo......
Rumors in Boston and Philadelphia indicate Charleston, SC is a target for a second British army in the coming months.
Here's what we've come to... Matt Zahn just cheered for a pickoff attempt throw to first
A couple of more weeks
Oh! For me too - completely counting the days :)
wait actually im not in the group! lol sorry someone invited me, how can i get in it?
See you then! RT : Finished driver meeting at Ill be driving at #sunmmerfest tomorrow after 9.
We must give more in order to get more. It is the generous giving of ourselves that produce the generous harvest.
I got katy´s new music!!! LAST FRIDAY NIGHT xD
we are going to green screen this scene right Jenn?
I find it interesting that the author has no objection to the whitewashing. Interesting and sad
Why is my soar throat back?? Go away! You're not wanted! ):
I would I would I would but I'm already here,b!!
Thanks to everyone who made Tape a success! Stay tuned for news about our annual fundraiswer coming up in January :)
No, but I dream of it! I live in a desert and the only place I can have a raised bed is covered in shade most of the day
The latest 5K pix are up. FB doesn't publish them on the wall the way it used to but you can find the album by clicking "photos."
your tooth paste made me feel like SHIT
Ugh my eyes are burning. Time for sleep
I just want to take my test and peace out to this semester.
I Cried When I couldnt turn back the time, to where I would have met you first
Ohio 2014 CB Alonzo Saxton on his #Badgers offer: "I know they are a good academic program and one of the best in their region."
words to live by lady!
Sure, I wouldn't mind. Would you like proof? (:
nope noope, and you better follow mebback. :(
Free beer Friday at tonight!! 18+ welcome. Doors open at 10pm.
is Amazing!!!
of course my old MacBook weighs the same as three textbooks LOL!
There are new pedagogies in these new tech environments to be discovered...and for us IT folks in higher ed, supported says
I'll be at a steering committee luncheon today for #AiMA focusing on special interest groups for #mobile, #search, #social media and
Thoughts on this being a "favor" being done by Harbs/Alex as leverage play for Condon/Manning? We all know the ties.
It will be a toss up today, will the worst bit of my day be the dentist or the gym?
:) so what you wanna talk about :)
By the way. We are totes badass! Dont ever let anyone tell you otherwise.
Following the Twitter page of North Korea. Posted links are surreal. Photoshop filter used: Holy Propaganda! Check out
It's an AMAZINGLY beautiful day here in #Chicago. The sun is out and shining-- i just wanna shout out in the streets "MERRY CHRISTMAS!"
I'm off to school now. Gym and biology test, let's do dis!!!!!!!!
I am a gemini and would like to join gemini unlimited.
Gotye is just the cutest.
he's from Virginia, remember.
After sending a risky text, a minute feels like forever.
is it weird when you have to #unfollow athletes from your favorite team because their tweets make you like them less
You know it's a good day when you hit all the green lights driving to work. :)
SO... TRUE... RT : Few celebrate like the men that find out they ain't the daddy on Maury.
What time does the dance start and end?
what's your question?
Off to celebrate 's birthday and the #GirlScouts100 year anniversary at H Street Country Club with other fab MEP2012 ladies!
Last mod dates on the files put the diskette as mid-1997 vintage. (USB Floppy Drive FTW!)
This power play needs to get going!!
“: switch UTA to Espn channel.” Seconded!
Watching RedAsphalt.. Ok
Have extra ticket to Hirshhorn Song 1 event this Friday evening. Interested? Ready for a break w/great art & a spring night?
"On paper I'm one of a rare few African billionaires, but because of the devils attack I'm focusing on the Non Profit, & not investors=poor"
With My Tia Raquel yay:D going to get out nails done woot!^-^
Anytime is a good time for Carnival's burgers, dogs. and ice cream. Order through S2YD.com and get FREE FRIES or ICE CREAM w/ sandwhich
#KirkCameron is a growing pain in my ass.
You desired my attention, but denied my affections.
whats the front look like cause it looks very 'dressed up" like evening gown dressed up
I LOVE YOU (: PLEASE RT IF YOU SEE THIS
what are you talking about lol?
yew I got 2 why?
It was perfect. No pain, all gain. :)
Thanks, Andrew. I look forward to reading your diss. Please let me know if I can help.
Thanks again for the super rad show last night, Donnie. You're a great host. Let's do it again!
I think there was a certain SNL character at 19? (thanks to Andy for giving us plenty of teasing ammo)
protecting u from guidos everywhere.
well they said that osu was most beatable two seed they proved that wrong already haha.
Was that a tweet or not a tweet?
don't try to ball my babymomma out like that! That's my baby for life. 😘❤
About to go take my last final for the semester.
Why wouldn't the #Rams take Broyles from Oklahoma? He would have some familiarity with Sam Bradford & the kid has great hands.
Will do!
The way my bank account is set up.. is too funny!
guy wants to play JTs like his name is Sir Pugsley
Yankees cheating? No fucking way!!!
just tell me who and how on Friday.
Win the NCAA “: Happy St. Patrick’s Day! In Chicago, they dye the river green. What does your city do to celebrate?”
Lmfao RT : Bracie always say taking a number two is a mind thing... #NeverPush lmao
Good to have back from vacation. Paired with , you guys were cooking on the gator today
It's pretty sad the direction Crossfit went with Reebok. They could have done a lot more to help people but seems to be all about $$ now.
I will not stop tweeting until #teamgreek9 wins
coffeecoffeecoffeecoffee!!! please wake me up!!
For all of you animal lovers! I guess that tomorrow 10am is the Open House for the new Ozaukee County Humane Society!
which bailed out bank paid for your sponsored tweet? Those were MY #TAXDOLLARS, We aint gonna take it! for #president!
You can't change people or the past but you can change yourself and your future
This #insen business is just absurd. The trend also makes me question progressive hope in generational shifts promising future success.
Beautiful day full of softball and baseball games. Time to relax and curl up with a good book.
pop-punk warm up show tomorrow @ All Asia in Cambridge. In prep 4 our all ages blow out EP release party 4 The Control on the 25th @ Church
OK, this whole simulator sickness thing is really getting annoying now.
Getting ready for work . *Sigh*
I want a job where I can travel so bad. I'll move anywhere. Any ideas?!
depends on which fighting you talking about...light heavyweight in UFC is around 205 which is what I was talking about
it depends. I go after certain energys I feel. I'm very Madonna with my sexual choices. I love a sexy face though❤
Happy 175th Birthday #Texas :-)
Wow, we're nearly ready to launch App in Seconds!! Just setting up the Facebook page and YouTube channel right now. Watch this space....
Thank you to who ever bought me and my girls a bottle of champagne....
Time Warner sees growth after Harry Potter movies - The Associated Press
looking forward to another game of Marv very carefully pronouncing #NorfolkState. Trying so hard not to say nor-fuk
": Step ya cookies up before they crumble"
oh yeah I forgot about that lol
Thank u Lord for today ,,Have a wonderful,productive day tweeties!!
you threw chunks of ice at last night from across the bar thanks
every one check out ludovico records on facebook young and hard working artist from minnesota st.paul, joe b garvin blocka
Thank you! RT If you aren't follow already, follow for a chance to win an overnight stay!
MFA Studio Art, MFA Design, Senior Studio Art, and Senior Design: four shows, one space. Come check it out!
i know you have tix to see abt, but nycb has a new program featuring patti lupone- see that!
Get down here and qualify to win a new HOUSE!
Live life for the moment, because everything else is uncertain
I do
I think its time to send the Red Sox team to the minors & bring up the 1st place www.pawsox.com Paw Sox. Theo the fans deserve
sure. But just let u know, I cant go out on weekdays
Dick rider
I haven't really been on twitter so didn't see that. I was going to say she must have been hitting drugs hard to age that badly...
congratulations. Let the fun begin. Lol
that is incredible!
#DASER "The function of the artist is the mythologization of the culture and the world." -- Joseph Campbell, "The Power of Myth"
Excited for work tomorrow. RT : This Saturday April 28th from 11am to 830pm. Fear, Jello Biafra, Circle One, + more
And the winner of first beer of the weekend? IPA
Thanks to the for having us yesterday!
Thanks for the Follow!!
What a shot!!!!
Just got done doing some flips. Getting my back whips and raiz down pretty good
RT : Sometimes you have to reflect back to the places where God took care of you, to remind you he can do it again.
I don't know the hours of your school lunch room, but I'm guessing it's closed now. Sorry. :(
The Clam Cannery is seeking submissions from artists! Our art gallery opens June 1st! Please contact
I know, makes me sad, they're the reason I watch! Might go to my friend's Sat & watch. New Quinn ship is :( Gonna watch S4?
you're a little delusional there!
KICK ELIZABETH AND SHERRY OFF THE VIEW !!!!!!!!!!! SO SICK OF THEM AND THEIR IGNORANCE POINTS OF VIEW
Bout to to to 1919
alright I pitched one over!
If you drink, don't drive. Don't even punt. - Dean Martin
thanks for the support!
I triple-booked appointments for 9:30 this morning. So far, no one has shown up.
Coffee and Cracker Jack. Late day energy.
Mayor Cory Brooker is a true HERO!
we on this weekend or what?
Let's pretend we didnt see tht and let the legend live on xD
Shoutout to the KYGO listeners that gave me the traffic tips tonight!:) #teamkygo !
thank you SO much for the follow!! bringing clean drinking water to the developing world is a great cause, and my passion!
Smoking stunts yr growth! : BREAKING: N.C. voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman.”
He needs to read Paine, Locke, & the preamble. Rights are laws of nature of the people, not from govt.
Harry potter weekend 😍
YW have a great weekend xo
he is easily corruptible !!!! Just make sure he makes it home to my bed !
Thanks for another stellar #OpeningDay! We got Joe Morgan on tape- coming soon chan.411 yfrog.com/h0nw6hzwj
Rather Be Dead - Refused
howdy bud! How goes it?
the ride from the old safeco tower in the udistrict to lake union would be epic!!
haha I'd love to hear that at Yankee Stadium. "all other AL East teams have inferior potassium."
how r the boys?
Requesting "Young Homie" by on #mrchrisrene. Pls play it :)
What's the difference between a monster and a mouse?A monster makes bigger holes in the skirting board.
#oomfneedsto go to hell
#TGIF! Who wants a free $1 drink? MSG me and I'll send ya one!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when Disney runs out of ideas for new movies, so they just rerelease old movies in 3D.
thanks for the mention today!
pretty active! 2 yeast packs look nice.
I'll come to the softball thing (: and what u mean no ghetto?0.o
Working the NPS Civil War to Civil Rights booth 12-2. Stop by to say hi and pick up your own set of trading cards!
I must've missed the seizure/strobe warnings at the Sleigh Bells show, or else tort law allows me to send them my next optometrist bill.
A new movement: inspired by #OccupyWallStreet, now
Email from friend: "Why is it anytime anything insane happens on West Coast, it's 99.3 percent assured it's going to be in San Diego?"
@ skyline bout to eat good
