I thought that loved fat chicks and middle eastern/north african deceased leaders
THEY KILLED A TEDDY BEAR!! They're murderers!
That was the first person I have ever blocked from instagram. But I will not deal with people trying to start shit on there.
thanks:) we'll see you in a little bit!!!
It's funny how the person you love is sometimes not there for you. But the one you Unexpected is there for you.
My new icon is credits to !
Great idea! RT : Yep-- It's Two for Tuesday at Color Me Mine! Paint with a friend for the price of one person!...
Oh you, my friend, are DEFINITELY a rock star!
Just got thru w/ my last bit of homework for the night smh.... feels like I been doin hw all day.!
play here in Toledo tonight at Frankies! Whose ready to mosh?
#WPS : Women's Professional Soccer has suspended all operations permanently & ending the league. This is a sad day in American Soccer
:O YOUR MATT IS *STILL* BETTER THAN ME MATT?!?! :(
So, I'm in Indianapolis. Anyone live here?
LOVE the / operators.... oh & the chow does me right every time....MOST ELITE interior of a truck BY FAR
Dan Wilson says much, but says very little.
thank u!!!
Start with B, than 2 O's & finally K ;)
No, but we were talking about the channels we use (on demand) vs. ones we don't (everything else).
"Leaders encourage others to continue the quest and inspire others through courage and hope. Leaders give heart by visibly recognizing...
oh dear. I fear this weekend might be dangerous.
2 more wks of class then Finals. The end is near, I'm starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel. Freedom is close, but still so far
Just left Canada.. happy I got to see my friends n family.. now I'm on my way back to the A..!
Definitely just trekked through an ankle deep puddle in my favorite flats. Don't text and walk, people.
If you're always looking for the next thing to make you happy with your career, you'll never be happy with it.
The arsonist had oddly shaped feet.
Hey J! Great to hear from you man. U keep singing that Good News brotha!
Mother always makes me late!
we're honored and humbled by your follow. Hope you r well!
"I don't want to start studying, let's go to taco bell and get quesadillas and mountain dew for motivation!"
Sorry to those forced to listen to my cold-raspy voice this AM but we got through it. Home & back to bed soon! Happy Weekend.
where's Rufus in Tyler ....good bar
HCP's pay closer attention to passionate groups... rarely to passionate individuals
that had to have been the funniest shit of the entire break.
I'm looking for a NEW AGENT ! I'm a comedian/actor/musician . If your interested leave me a message ! Check out my page !
Bunkering down with my folks. Puts things into perspective when you pack up your life into 5 bags & think, is that enough to live on?
Weird lightening in a clear sky.
So T.O. goes on Dr. Phil to try & change his public opinion but he's looking like a pathetic dead beat & is only making it worse...SMH
listening to #Cradle of Filth -
Would you like to hear about an app that improves meetings, save time, and adds effectiveness?
I learned to hold my own And sing the skys the limit, take a hundred dollar bill and make a paper plane. And try to make a name
: by 2014 more than 1/3 of US Internet users will have tablets,retailers need 2 focus on #mobile shopping exp....
My mouth is burning from Points East Pub's famous hot wings! 50 cents each with blue cheese. One of the best things about Milwaukee. Yum!
Time waits on no man. So why should I? I'm just saying. I don't have to wait.
Good Morning Miami! #TomorrowIsFriday Any awesome weekend plans??
Only in less public forums. :)
you serious?? That skank is preggo?? Damn, the world is messed up!!
My Prayer for 2012: Fair US Sentencing Reform, An End to the Inequities Would appreciate comments on this; thanks
hey I'm as big a fan of the packers as anyone but Thompsons "draft first" mentality is going to kill us
Love the blog btw. One of my go-to places.
Reason to get an iPhone: Instagram.
were starting to look scared out there...
I luv this mob life!
except for #thesis work that is
I am in the process of making another bracelet with a pattern I made up :)
Closing Arguments Expected In NYPD's Sean Bell Shooting Trial
okay it's silicone though
Sorry to hear that. Sounds like she's a trooper though.
thank you!
"Natural #talent matters, of course, but not as much as practice and preparation...Jane McGonigal...
Starting next week, look out for deals and discounts for our social media friends and followers. You can't say we don't love our customers!
Good night with my favorites ((:
Thanks for the FF! Hope you had a great weekend.
Entire Store buy 1 get 1 half off and buy 2 get 1 free
When we get a dog and bring him home we are basically playing God in his life
OK with something dark? Or prefer pilsner/lager/ale? Also, do you want it to taste like "beer" or something a little different?
I haven't got it yet (weird). But if you guys need a place to hang you're more than welcome
There's a Simpsons episode they did about that, I believe.
#BeezInTheTrap is on the radio haha ;)
May take up smoking again, since I'm living a life of bad ideas.
How are you?
The pursuit of happiness and the pursuit of pleasure are really just the same thing.
RT : Sun is shining, the rain has retreat.. makes u move ur dancing feet.. bring ur ass
That was the worst scooby doo episode i've ever seen, period.
#ARMORYweek! Jimmy Shack is a contemporary artist working in Brooklyn, New York that will be featured!
hey HAITIAN:)
If anyone has need of gunny sacks, let me know. I strangely find myself overrun with them.
Wow! That was fast! Thank you very much. I really appreciate it.
thanks! Still officially waiting on the child!
Google+ makeover is much more than a pretty face
perhaps not the best day to start with CloudFoundry
My Family and are #OeInAMilion that's why I love them!!
what big move will happen in summer? The big move could start it now!! I think we gotta find second star ppl want to play with
“Everyone has talent. What's rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads.” Erica Jong
I hate following people's "quoting accounts" and all they do is make fake celeb account to help other desperate quoting accounts t(-__-)
Hey! my IM5 front row seat buddy! How you doing!? lol :D <3
MARGARET SPELLING.
Just overheard someone talking about Pat catans.. They need to get one down here! I'm in the mood for some arts and crafts
The Steeler's D just let up an 80 yard TD drive and the Colts have one of the Hanson brothers at QB.
I was busy #work nigga. Lol
Hey Break the backboard!! Can't wait to #SeePGfly!!!
RT - These women are talking about Cam Newton playing for Jacksonville Jaguars. This is why I only get my nails done f...
it also makes me sad that i can't retweet myself.
Gregor Middell describes the way differing TEI makes collation more difficult and how #interedition solved the problem.
This day needa to go by faster!
Power outage is causing traffic backups in South Bay. South Bay Expressway is flowing smoothly. Pay w/ FasTrak, credit card or cash
I'm still at Benihana for their chairty event. I'm trying, but there's no promises.
So excited about starting as an ASM on Monday. Currently reading in preparation.
alright lets go eat then :) lol
girl let me get home first haha
I just watched and basically it was the best thing that ever happened to me.
Thanks! I'll tell Alaina you said she did a great job Sunday.
Hope it rocked! Thanks for saying hi! RT : Tasting at San diego magazine's best of north county party
Nice visit to Redfern Gallery in Laguna Beach yesterday - some lovely CA plein air paintings on view. Highly recommend a field trip South!
I suppose girls only huh? Haha
LOVE that mentioned LEGO programs. That's #libmade stuff, right?
Hanging out with feminist leaders is pretty damn inspiring. and Emily from , so happy I got to hang out w/ you today.
I don't think my name was actually ever attached to any alerts while I was there.
Happy Easter! Hope everyone enjoys time w/ their families or at least with great friends! And food! =) ..xo.
If you good take a vacation free of charge to any place in the world where would it be?
i hope they come in todayy lol
You ruined that for me. Lmao! RT : Yu know girls tell yu they got that fat cat bahahha
: hi honey doing as best I can . Going TO drop in to Dr today or so I say now . Up most of the night
lovin the show - love the time period - love the guests - but of course the best part is YOU, just you being you!!!
lol u were mad funny with Zack though
Lord, Im not sure where im going right now, Im not sure if im making the right choices but I know that with your help ill get through.
I know we're not your first source for news, but Ryan Braun Vindicated! Suspension overturned!!
WTF why am I so bored! #AtL sucks
Beautiful Sunday morning. Took the dogs for a walk and listened to my dude Dude gave me my first break in radio. Much love.
I need to make another cup soon! :)
IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK ♥
: 95% of time you listen and try to make good, you will get a positive response
your staying in the same hotel!!???
“: a pink flamingo just flew over my yard” pic??
I just #aggressivelywaved someone in a black explorer. Needless to say, it wasn't you
Free anchovies at Los Angeles Marina today
Your coffee house draft is due tomorrow. Impress me and get points for your family!
anyone wanting to chat? i"m bored as hell.
thanks for the great write up about MCA
Hi Nick! RT : ificiation works for most things! Lets try Mimification! See. Told ya!
hi thx for following me, I follow you back.
Tell me a number and you know it I'll tell you which IB you look best with !(:
“: ” Finally, someone gets us.
If people taking a car around multiple left hand turns is a sport, then yes, cheerleading is a sport.
I wonder how many times a candidate needs to topspin a fact before it morphs into a lie, and he starts believing it is the truth?
Playing with John Randall tonight at MBar! Great band and John is fantastic. 8pm, Fountain and Vine.
My wife needs to get home already !
I love both places. I like Chops in Atlanta and of course Gibson's in Chicago. Unfortunately no current plans.
I DONT KNOW YOU BUT IM FEELING FRISKY THIS EVENING SO I THOUGHT ID SAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY, HOPE ITS FULL OF MAGIC:):):):):)
Thanks, Nancy! Bret
Day off but up at 6 am with crazy, creative ideas for weekend projects. Is this caffeine or creativity? Can't tell but mind is buzzing!
#Evanovich, Finger Lickin Fifteen; Sizzling Sixteen. Bounty hunter Stephanie Plum motors on, but I'm done with these for a good long time.
Oh I know, something like 300 of them. That's why they're so damn collectible! And crazy expensive
in general = good stuff
My brother's dog once humped my cat...the result is further proof that Catdog is fiction. Dont believe the lies coming out of Nickelodeon
Happy Birthday bro! Stay True! sXe till we die!
Shavua tov Twitterworld. What a gorgeous Saturday in Atlanta, and a very delicous #Shabbos too.
Listen in to the Morning Edge tomorrow at 8am to hear Joey and Stevo talk up Rock This Restaraunt and the new season!! 104.1FM in the ABQ!
The have a great deal of outreach to do with the local community for us to support them like we do the
Pom and citrus...friend has done mandarin orange.
So my purchase of S2 won't bring it back from cancellation? But that's all I want for Christmas..
You messed up , oh well
so jealous!!;)
Ah, try to hurry.
#FF amazing people!
any medical supplies store or your local CVS pharmacy
How about a new Cash Game report?
Go #Orioles - looking good so far
that's an excellent metaphor ya got goin on there...*yoink* (stolen for later usage)
FREAKING OUT...
Hm wonder if my pools warm. Would anyone care to swim
Take a look at what u have. Think of all u did to get it. Remember it only takes one second to lose."
What would you, , do for a Klondike bar?
Mines is better cus i'm talking to you bby (; but yeah so far i'm good lol (:
We're getting ready for our relaunch -- Stay tuned!
Mexico?? wtf they gone do there hmm we gonee see
She trying to play me but she doesn't know I got nothing but time
what the hell are you playing?
Oh yeah??
I am the
and is really snarky, and goes undercover, has to dress in "normal" clothes and suddenly everyone thinks she's hot
I know u see all the girls with the blue lipstick on... Come meet the beautiful lady who brought it to u of KAOIR cosmetics.
HAHA can't believe that was 10 Years ago!
Who was She-Ra today? Yep, that's me, sawing branches down by hand!
A: Bases are dark, generators are loud, doors don't lock on bases. Not a good situation
/ Neither. I prefer Seesmic, as it lets me update other networks via same app. BTW the Twitter iPad app lets you switch...
I just remembered, I have homework. fml.
Aside from Pandora's stellar performance as a net radio service, the anti-Obama ads suck ass. I don't care abt your politics. GIVE ME MUSIC!
tomorrows gonna be sad..
Thank you for following, I will check out your site!
Thank you so much! is beyond fantastic.
"my ex girlfriend had this thing that rolled open..."
Nrps and donna jean.
is back for another #FinalTransmission at Featuring audience guest star Eliza Stoughton.
Tell your husband, to name your 3rd child after me, regardless of sex!
Why do some of your best ideas come while you're on the toilet?
on my way! Woo back to a dripping shower and Harry potter appliances/fishies!
Aw Mos Def! I'll be damned to be paying that much money. lol
Thanks for following back. Love your music <3<3<3
Who's Hungry? Bring the family and enjoy an Easter BBQ :)
Haha!RT you know me too well! My other got burned along with some Giants flag
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE REAL MOTHERS!!!! Be blessed 😘❤
What is the one behavior or trait that you have seen derail more leaders’ careers?
Yup! For real :) Can you make it tonight?
Trying to keep up with U!
I'm sorry, there are NO rules with wine. Drink what you like with what you like!
...a free ticket will be sent to the USO of Missouri as a result (1000 free tickets are available).
Likewise! Great to catch up again.
come to my blog to learn tips and tricks on how to update your car's interior! www.shadowglacier.blogspot.com
because yolo. :D
spelling errors
Oh my Shins and RHCP!
I've definitely seen at least three "B A L L S"
how long does an order usually take after you get the "started manufacturing" email?
i have natural beauty...... cant buy that..not bragging just saying :/
good question seth lolz
depends on the situation. Some things can b handled behind close doors then presented publicly
Jordan's down call me.
Nice job CC....let's get this offense goin boys!!!!!!
One of my favorite fucks is coming back to town next week from college for summer break.
You rock. Thanks for the RT.
Buster app?
We ask employees to track all volunteer hours, done on personal time and done on company time.
To Kinect or not to Kinect? I want to dance though...
How do you think others experience you?
I hope you find what you're looking for.
The pool is rockin'! We are going in to the night with our Full Moon Night Time Swim Party featuring DJ Sydney Blu! Get ready to party Sc...
good ace
omg I know! U should make him a little Edward or Jacob lol!
#TW5OnBILLBOARD I'm so happy for you guys!! You really deserve it! Can you follow me?
YEAH I think me and Famig will come after our RADAR at The Strand!
you haven't heard? bananas before the summer solstice can make you dead quick!
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to Gossip Girl
This weekend is my time to find a new place to live. I'm looking for an affordable room in ColHi / Mt P. Any last minute suggestions?
Completely spaced the most obvious angle of the day...
The guy should never be allowed to own tires again!
Never too late.
Wow this flight is a trip..hope I make it home.
made it home safe, mami - thank you to you and h for the ride! amazing time. so happy to have spent it with you (in a sports bar?)
Now that the Badgers won, it's back to bed for this sick puppy. Getting sick this week is cruel and unusual punishment.
give me a couple hours
first email I've ever gotten from my nephew, in its entirety: "Jasper ran away . Eric found him. And I have the allergies." love him!
So thankful right now that knows where terminal two is!
Evans will not support the motion. He thinks they should talk about it more first.
the amount of powderin your privates tweets on my tl today is alarmin..... funny but alarmin
Is CLOSED due to inclement weather. Contact 7193256234 if you have any questions
You sound amazing right now! I love you!! (: <3
#FSEDM <= Save this search for #EDM of all styles!!!
Tomorrow is the last day for photo submissions! If you or someone you know needs a serious spice cabinet face lift, enter now:...
Going to bed after a long long day.
& this is the point when my body starts to feel numb
I thought I was!! XOXO
laughing at your own singing <<< hahaaa.
I'm kinda extremely jealous of Alyssa
I'm chillin.. Still in jersey
harry potter was awsume!!! now ive seen and read all the books! my life is complete! :DD <33
Patriots all RT :
I'm glad to hear that I'm not the only one! It's been on my mind the past few days, while looking at people's work.
Today, my gift back to my Creator is Smiling al day long....
And she can go fuck herself.
end of 5
It was really fun! I love my grandparents! There's seriously not a time when I don't laugh when I'm around them! :]
I have to stay focus... It's still a lot to lose and even more to achieve.
lets go.
Timeless advice: Don't whiz on the electric fence.
Living in an information bubble - manipulated or misrepresented- is limiting and downright dangerous!
s/o to for being my 300th follower o:)
LOL!... that's what they all say about the current one... LOL!
Clothes and kicks or homes and whips. Think big. Grind humbly.
yeah! Haha! :D I'm gonna get off here. Text me.
Jesus already healed all of us from everything, I will pray for ur nana that she RECEIVES that healing :)
Harper's first MLB HR gets a curtain call. you get the trot time? Seemed fast.
thank u family see you later
Early bird get the worm. I'm up way before ya
How cool is the #NYFW coverage by with , and sharing their thoughts. Loves!
that's the best trending topic i've seen in a long time hahaha i love this fandom
Well deserved! #IUFB “: IU linebacker Jeff Thomas has an invite the Buffalo Bills' rookie mini-camp beginning May 11.”
lol!! :) hello!! Hurry up and be May already! :-p
At the Seminar on Innovative Teaching featuring and Watch the live stream here: bit.ly/pD2XIG
Boo. Only 1-3 for sports tonight. Chicago fail x2. Brewers win.
Aw, thanks for the vote of confidence We'll see what happens!
I'm graduating high school in a few days. Thought I would be happy, but it seriously sucks. In to the real world now...
“The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them to the impossible.” — Arthur C. Clarke
Oh! Congratulations!
#What2ChainzWouldSay she feed me pussy, called it free lunch(tellem) red diamonds on the chainz look like hawaiian punch (truuu)
did you get it? Lots of gas stations, lowed, etc
thank you for the words of wisdom mr. shelton RT : : Well shit in 1 hand and wish in the other.
mine just started working again
memphis killin the clippers right now..
yes, it gives you a distraction from a tough conversation.
As they said, points in the paint make the diffrence with the Nuggets. They need to run with that the next game or its over.
Players are back from break, blinds are now 400/800 with a 100 ante
ok, need your three craziest Fantasy Football team name suggestions. clean please. []
for real dude I bought a taser to keep his ass in check
I don't know what day it is...ohh spring break
Now watch me change up on yall hoes !
*Free services only with permission to use photos in our portfolio.
cool.. Wld love to hook up when your free up. I actually work down in Whitfield hall :)
Normal is nothing more than a cycle on a washing machine. -Whoopi Goldberg (via )
Getting ready this week to go to Nashville!!! Can't wait for Friday!! Ah!!!!
Morning tweeps, everyone enjoy the day weather is pretty decent today
I added google talk to my phone so we can gchat during the day
GAME TIME! Let's go dawgs!
"The pleasure is all on this side of the table." (From a great movie)
There ya go! Just need 2 more like that! #rockies v
I <3 NEXT2U i think it might be so good if u record look at me now with JB Bcause live performance was fantastic
One week here -- but I think I have three weeks worth of grading to complete in that time!
idk I'm just not a good dancer. I have like no rhythm at all! & no I had no problem getting in. I dont think they really care.
what's your mail thing I want to send fan mail to you<33
My new favorite twitterer The real scoop on squaw - not to be missed. Ski season is now on baby!
Ha! When eyes have given out from writing, reading, I enjoy light internet searching for animal/other stuff of interest to me
#DailyRebellion: Say something encouraging/supportive/inspiring to another woman, even if it's by email.
Wiley uses test performance, time spent & content covered to give student's reports as a way to tell them what to focus on
would you do the same with me ? Even though you Should
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at CMP!
Dentist showing up late for my root canal then telling me he's also a proctologist and didn't have time to wash his hands
NO! You put it in front of me & I'll eat the entire box/container. No self control whatsoever.
it's beautiful :) well, it's the second most beautiful thing I've seen. ;)
One week untıl #WakoGB! My return to -75kg ıs on track, 1 kg togo! Tıme to tear a hole the sıze of a south paw ın Uk martıal arts scene!
I'm sure but I just can't see myself with my legs all cocked in the air... Lol
Entrepreneur - comedian - travel expert dog lover
Totally dropped your name and got a free muffin out of the deal.
Which Fresh Prince of Bel Air chick was hotter: Older Ashley or anytime Hilary?
playing..... now
You gotta try Monster Rehab if you haven't yet, it is great!!
That looks great!
Girl: ...on the stage.
Charles Robert Darwin~ If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature but by our institutions great is our sin.
wondering if a AAS in CIS/Programming would do me any good or should i just get a bachelor's instead
watching behind the music
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled ham & swiss on rye with dijonaisse and a cup of soup.....$6.95 *Chili is 50 cents extra
it is time for change and unification lets change the world! follow us if you think its time to manifest a world of harmony!
I didn't feel well this morning
i'm freezing lol
Off to San Francisco for the weekend
Thanks for the tweet - great minds think alike, I'm in the middle writing you an email right now! :)
not at all scary,... Very open and honest:)
I love the set design for #LisaMarieOnIdol I'm not a fan of the song, but it's cool for what it is.
Kim Jong II is dead finally one less ignorant dictator is dead. Hope the North Korean can be happy a free.
I cant wait until you hate me...
Hi! We'll resume rehearsals on July 21! (One week from 2day!) Pls come! DM us w/ ur email addy if u want directions!
Well shit... Olbermann fired and I didn't win the f-ing money. Bad shit happens in 3's he says looking back.
Yes. TOK Show. If u ever want to go, let me know. :-)
OMG I LOVE IT!!!! <3 best birthday present ever :D k see ya tomorrow :)
With and Anthony :)
Congrats on making the dance team Addy!
Pythagoreanism, the religious sect that followed Pythagoras.
Both is definitely my preferred solution.
Thanks Big Sis!
Hi Karen, nice to meet you! Actually, I do have some data & a couple of general observations from a series of FB ads we recently ran.
WTF....I don't care if you want to blast friggin Sammy Haggar but for fucks sake, NEVER, EVER mess with my food/meal.
U R a big lair
Your beautiful...
Yeah. we're not supposed to wear ripped jean but we still wear them. But we just need to be careful lmao
Have you tried our Fasolakia yet? Green beans simmered in a tomato, onion and herb sauce...awesome.
Moves like Jagger awesome song :)
Fan Favorite Award goes to Daniel Orton.
Occupy Wall Street: flash in the pan or beginning of a movement?
the #BRADLEY university vice president kicked us off the quad moments ago. The pursuit of knowledge was denied today.
Well shoot ...
you will definitely know once your on the team :)
Fans, find Wooly right now in the arena, and say the word 'lasso'. Win a COOL prize. Good luck!
Hoping you reconsider veto. You're the 1st politician I've respected in years, until today. Have any gay friends or family?
Hey ! You excited about tomorrows Jazz lunch in the circle?!?
As a Pastor, I fight for the right to practice one's faith without government interference.
Awesome! Spread the word! RT : Thanks for turning me on to for scheduling. I'm not doodling anymore
for sure.. ill shoot you a check
ready and willing.
Gray today here in SF but I have a May date set for U-Pick strawberries -- woo hoo :
RT : "When you're on social media ... It's SOCIAL media, not DICTATOR media." - Mark Estée, owner of
Thanks again for all the support in Denver!
It must be frustrating! It was a first for me. Thanks for the 1-on-1 training offer, but I can wait until the Feb webinar ;)
Charlie B
It's refreshing to be reminded constantly by a multitude of ppl @ seperate times that ur a great individual
I am officially a candidate for District 46 of the KY State House!!
How's the weather over there?
A Real Man Knows When He's Been Beat !!!
Strong finish with the great books indie book buzz. History of #Lego. Me want.
shake it out shake it out
she's a soldier
Happy Tuesday night all!! www.kissandim.com
re: Juxtapost. I'm not sure I'll be writing that dissertation after all.
I lost my edge, I didn't put as much into it. didn't run as far. didn't train as hard. didn't eat correctly. started drinking Ken Norton
PLEASE FOLLOW::
HOLY SHIT RT Cowboy Beth Orton; Brian "Special Delivery" Jonestown Massacre; My Bloody Greg The Hammer Valentine
Beyondthescoreboard.net the had everything going their way tonight except the two blackout
Testing software central titles with Vista 64! Known compatible titles in the Vista (32 bit) list now also display Vista (64 bit) as a supp
lol dont judge me >.< :p . yes very long time, nm i'm @ work right now :) - hbu?
I will... Keep in mind, though, it may be 3 to 4 days until arrival... Please keep ephemera-zilla in check :)
NUMBER GAME! tweet or DM :D
Good movie
RT : US DoE jumps on the #cleanweb bandwagon - calling all app developers! Energy is the next big thing:...
Butts kicked
Congrats to : Great win over Waco Midway 5-2. Katie (3), Sara and Megan G combine for the goals. Wonderful defensive display!
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Have a safe and happy New Year everyone!
right now
So Dat Mean I Should Slap Yu? Right?!
Bright-eyed and ready to kick off first DLF advisory committee meeting with T.Sierra, D. Rumsey and S. Rhind-Tutt.
Oh God, he's counting the minutes... :) RT 6,202 minutes....
ChUrCh!! MisSed mAdONNa, being lazy with my sis in law b4 i head back h0Me..!
Another pick
Yay! Another lovely review on yelp! It's nice to be number two after the fabulous cake girls!
Big shout out to all the new followers and all the people helping us promote ourselves!! We really appreciate all the support!!- Adam
Rough Jog
aww, keep trying. you'll find one eventually.
Fuck you #twitter....my #trendingtopics button has been broken for days...ruhtardz
#ndpl biggest question seems to be a question of scale - agreed. Scale locally, crowd source openly.
its gonna be sick!
#textingdisaster - Put down your phone. Don't txt and drive. Your life/health is more important then a phone/txt msg.
The reward for coming to our 7:30 class this morning was our final exam that we get to take home and do. A+ for sure!
New York in Dec is so wonderful!
RT : RT : Have a YouTube Channel! Have Subscribe Buttons! Give a Reason to Subscribe! says Paul
The same to you :) RT : #HappyMothersDay : )
so what similarities and differences between #tummeling and #networkweaving?
Finally getting to see the latest Muppets movie...ten minutes in and the verdict: I love it already!!!! Haha
Thirsty Thursday is upon us. RT this if you want (need) a drink.
I'm going to be considered an adult tomorrow, but I'm going to be a kid at heart forever
thanks hay hay! You truly know my favorite genre of Gorilla music.
I thought you died man
in the gym chillen with U aren't even with
I feel like everything like going wrong
Really Braves fans? really?
you really get paid to tweet?
Wish I had a reversal checker I'd spell beautiful not beuatiful and not catch it
Preparing for the wedding show for Sunday - in Watertown! It's going to be great - our first ever - and hoping for lots of bookings!
They really need to fix the tumblr gear app. Keeps crashing :|
Sarkozy's supporters are a little rowdy during his concession speech
no i have it
Well im watching karate kid :)
I need 5 people to follow they new to twitter but they are the pr for
haha or every weekend where work doesn't take over my life! You gotta have sucky ones to appreciate the good ones (:
Can't wait to see pictures from the walk!
judo class :]
Anytime! Glad you had fun! =) RT on Xmas was amazing! Big thanks to for the guest list connection!
#RealFriendsDont give up on you, ever.
omg, from where?
mission of burma a bit? maybe it's a boston thing?
Can't wait for this Tuesday's #BTTR!Every week is so much fun!Come sling some sammies w/ us. NE 127 st & US1.Say hi to too :)
We feel your pain! <3
Question 2 ask yourself 2day: how are u going 2 get out of ur comfort zone & take risks? Don't be scared & don't be shy
You mean after the hoarding incident?
I'm not mad at you.. I'm mad at the dirt!
The 5 game winning streak is in flux The last 5 times ive been at the ballpark, the rangers win. Odd feeling since royals worst team.
Slowly working through my Things to Listen to list on Spotify. Now listening to Fierce Creatures. Not sure where I hear about them.
hahahaha….wait *calculating, carry the 1* That's correct!
That kid was really just walking with the principal with a cigarette behind his ear..
Nothing can stop the man w/ the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing ... can help the man w/ the wrong mental attitude.
looking at ghost story or just crazy angle? also some thoughts on social class-
Tournament of Kings: not very deep, but a fun show to watch.
!! CAN ''U '' SMELL WHAT THE ROCK IS COOKING !!!! GOD BLESS U DWAYNE
#InMiddleSchool We didn't have buildings....and that was good I HATE STAIRS
yes, if you lived in Settlers' Landing or Matthews Plantation? There is another PS in town!
I did my good deed for today- I gave handicapped/disabled people some food (many were unable to get to a store). How about you?
It's all about $$$$ the more play off games the more money they make
@ estela, this time he blogged noxious, unwholesome, mischievous, and destructive
Getting my nails done.. Ugh
I've had a lifetime's worth of 'small world' and 'freaky timing' coincidences today.
SF and Baltimore blew it....How about "fundamentals" PRO'S..It is the play offs..Oh well
haha gimme a call tmrw night so we can talk
Looking for some awesome Brand Ambassadors in the Detroit and Dallas area for February events. Email for details.
ill always support u love u 1fan ,text me sometime 5038476149
": One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one."
ikr it sucks :P but hey road trips are fun lol
OMG. Plot Twist!
Just finished our WCW morning meeting. Now for some hard work.
I don't think so brother
Wicked Wednesday's @ 1 Up Lounge. Happy hour drink specials:$3 Well drinks, $4 Drafts & $5 Absolute cocktails. DJ Mike T. DJ Hump.
Today is National Compliment Day! We'd like to compliment ALL our Sponsors for their dedication and support to help local kids!
This should be interesting. I have noticed a few new changes in the last couple of days on my profile.
Ms3.5 is unimpressed by the fashion statement that is exposed seams.
“ Alston is a beast, needs to be the main tailback #wvu”
this house is a fucking mess
Gaga Was Born This Day <3 Happy Birthday Gaga.
haha shut up
#iubb looking for and edge anyway they can get it.
Rock 'N Roll Fundraiser Snug Harbor 5:30 Deke Dickerson(former Kid Rock headliner)&guitarist Fitz Green perform live. Silent art auction.
Yay! My hair actually likes me today.
It was almost so amazing....
That is one classy guy! Most dudes would've still smashed that skeezer!
Struggling with chapter 3 of this permit book.
I bought blue, just to be different
Happy Holidays to all of you! I hope Santa brings us a tour bus...<3
good point! Well then, I'm about to have me a whole lot more fun, dang it! ;)
When T-Mac scored 13 points in 35 seconds > I really dont have words for it still to this day
No, but the rest of the crew will be there.
did u get the dj class joint off the blog? u fuckin w/ those stems??
Your #1 ranking of Doomtree last year ignited the resuscitation of my enjoyment of hip hop . Thank you.
love dont live here no more .....
I had a terrible dream last night that the Red Wings traded for Scott Gomez... I really need the season to start.
I see Chiller working out @ my gym in SD a few times per week
Looking forward to the collaboration! Nate you have a great since of style. The line will be hott!
HuffPo is about to link to Engine28.com. And Doug McLennan, chief architect of e28, just mentioned HuffPo in his #TCG2011 talk.
I think the place is restricted so I won't tell them anything...ok fine.
sorry. We were hacked :-/
businesswise.....Philly's ok!
oh great! That must be because you are a patent lawyer, too! Excellent!
I name you (and second the motion) chairperson.
the definition of a douche bag
I'd leave Chris Davis in to try and get the win.
Rehab by Rhianna, singing my heart out atm (:
no worries, thanks for trying
I'm good and u? I'll check out the Ep in a few.
What r u going to do now? Bad news man. Bad news. Dan is busy worrying about buying a house...I am still tired from gettin ...
For the going for my dad al eropuerto yeaha
Unintentional comedy is always the funniest.
what am i doin sitting here wishing my date tonight was instead of this jerk i gotta deal with,good thing he dnt have twitter
well if you see her let her know cuz I dont know how to get ahold of her lol
oh ok lol
WOW sir, you have a busy film fest filled summer! I hope to make it to at least one to support you.
same here wat ya up to
u excel in helen keller jokes far beyond any human...
Thank you so much!!! I owe you big time. Great job. Tell your fans that coupon code BLIPPEE gets $5.00 off of the graphic novel. Best, Gary
Good Morning
let me know on a date DM me
Breaking: POTUS is using the royal "We..."
THAT IM PLUNGED INTO FOREVER you close your heart."”?? 4 life
Hello there! (:
It's a new day, a new beginning
champs and bjs fur sure
I need to go to sleep but I wanna see Kimbrel finish this game. #myfuturehusband #cutie #Braves 😍😘💘💋⚾
HA! That's too funny. I love his shoe line. Have you ever seen it in Boston Store?
Wake me up when #stanleycup finals begins.
Jamestown for the day with
Rain or shine I'm always there! #VamosUnited #OlsensArmy RT : Game day! Who's coming tonight?
Don't forget the "8 Weeks to a Better You" program meets at the gym this week... Not the doctors office. See you then. This week- "strength"
Young James.
Loving the new #gmail look!
one of the stars channels!
same here ;)
I'm playing the role of #KyleBoller today during our #FridayConversation. Does that mean I get to spend tonight with ?
Following back
He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but do not let that fool you. He really is an idiot. ~ Groucho Marx
I think he always looks like he doesn't want to be on a Hulu panel
there's a joke that goes along with that.
To my Lord and savior Jesus Christ: Thank u for waking me up, for starting me on my way & letting me see the sunshine of a brand new day!
That b***h is hit lol
- Class Act
Kutz says plans to give students resources to be part of change on campus
Lol crap.. That was a good come back..😲
I know! I wish there was a quick cure!
Welcome, writing mom.
#LowbornScumbag4Lyfe old ways never die, i was beginnin 2 change 4 a while but u knw wht it's not my favorite color black & blue forever
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Kansas City!
Hide in my music, forget the day.
Wooden or folding, padded or not, just someplace to sit our butt. We need your chairs! Donate today, we have volunteers in the space today!
Americas Food show Miami Beach: Brazilian Food & Bev Business & media Roundtable w/ food tastings on 10/25 for details
I was about to tweet about #NYS politics. But if it isn't about #MarioWilliams no one will care, so why bother?
Bring it. MT : Hi is telling people to connect with you from our #cjsm online course. That's good advice
Good morning!
No but its professional to make them feel as though they are. We as barbers accommodate our clients.
yea dude he's on his way.
What helps people, helps business. -Leo Burnett
holy crap i just bought 3000 coppies... im in trouble. hah! jk
Crying is a form of healing.
ha ha ha
You either like Kevin Smith or you don't. And God forbid you tell a Kevin Smith fan you don't.
Takeing a good man/woman for granted is like overlooking and passing up precious dimonds for rocks and stones
EVERYONE DO THIS RIGHT NOW LIKE SERIOUSLY go follow amazing!
Conan the Barbarian is awkward. This lady freaks me out.
Best part about it is even one mile counts when you run every day!
thanks for the follow!
So right. why not shout him down the way he does her. Instead she sets there like a set decoration.
going to the doctor i think i might have chicken pox :/
you look like such a sweet heart and you got some amazing eyes!!!!!!
about time you speak relevant RT : clippers are gonna be outta yere right quick.
My list of summer goals is so strange
I love that moment when literally all of your friends are busy :/
so are we - thanks for the #FF!
Gearing up to film this weekend. It's gonna be a lot of fun
A quiet relaxing weekend...so looking forward to a productive week, I hope y'all do the same!
As an owner of the , I do not want on my team. at all. #he'safullbacknotaquarterback
Wow, now that was a game!
pawn stars
leaving tomorrow :( gosh i hate chicago. i wanna move back to indiana bro!
Thanks for the shout out! What film are you guys inquiring about?
I hope you win these finals with your stomach ace! I hate Reckless!!!
Most people from buffalo are happy that msg is back to watch the sabres. Idgaf about them. I'm happy to watch the linsanity continue
Too young to be serious Im just not ready for love
I'm legit crying
Just heard that Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill will be opening on the East bank of the Flatts!!!! BIG YAY for Cleveland!!! Woohoo!
If You Don't Get A Text Back From Me Don't Get Offended..
Welcome new followers and !
i want one {:
Because there's an amazing new song flying around that you have to capture and that's exciting!
Done......for today anyway.
Oh my goshh, Breaking Dawn is the best movie I have ever seen ! It made me cry I can't wait till part 2 comes out! I loved it ;) <3
Touch means go,,,,. Push means no. Lmao
Saw that i got anew text message..opened it and it was just spam. thought someone actually cared enough to text me. i was wrong.. :-(
That is the great internet myth though isn't it. Being great at your hobby leads to guaranteed success.
You were always an enigma to me, Grandpa, but now that you are gone I miss you. Requiescat in pace. (1920-2011)
Love is so blind
Thank you for the follow. It is my hope that I inspire you to participate in the Dream Farm effort to match orphans to parents.
A lot of people don't put in enough effort. They expect too many things, but aren't willing to give.
Lol watching NBA fails. These are hilarious.
RT : Ever wonder why your boards on #Pinterest have more followers than your account? So did -...
RT : So many critiques of slacktivism are just a thin wrapper for cynicism. Doubt can be healthy. It can also be lazy.
I know how u feel I wish they would follow me to that would make my whole year. :-)
for Prez - we need someone to
I like that one. Now if I just had time to read a book.
Thanks for the follow. Gotta love Sandy.
driving up the 5 near Harris Ranch and a guy came speeding past w oregon plates. He's
I miss youu more.
& are the reason why my friends are unfollowing me :) lol nbd.
chu should text me
Bears. Any chance they get WR Jackson from Chargers?
Headed to the Content Marketing World Conference in Cleveland Today. Hope to bring back some good info to share with everyone.
lets finish this one out. Could be a HUGE win
Austin lives in Texas. RT if you wish you lived in Texas! (:
Can't wait to move out and ditch my roommate ...
at 1045 for our showcase! Winner announced at 1130!
2 for 1 Hash Caps today at The Clinic!
Just wrapped an interview with Sophie B Hawkins! Damn, I wish I was her lover!
GUDNIGHT CHICK IMA BE UP WITCHA FROM NOW ON
RT they are the Classiest as well!!! You did pretty good this year wearing Swanny's jersey
we are waiting patiently :)
awe thanks hun ^^
so many fwiends i need to see
Strike The Shepherd & The Sheep Will Scatter: A Real Boss Power Move!
what happened did she leave or not turn up?
Forecast for Today: Partly sunny this morning. Then becoming mostly cloudy. A slight chance of showers this...
which is exactly why we failed to be heroes on 9/11.
WINKY MEANS KINKY LOGAN ;)
soo is she going to remember that she meet damon first and love him?! or is she going to stay with stephan?! omg this is crazy!!
Riddick block ends up in 15th row with a nasty yell and a stare down.
Oosthuizen goes one clear Louis Oosthuizen leads the Maybank Malaysian Open by a shot after rain once again meant the event remains behin
Great baserunning by Vandy:"back on a line drive!!"
thanks for the update. Those scum deserve to be punished!
dumb dumb dumb
Thanks fa da B-Day tweet Angie. Much appreciated babe.
text me
yeah she is....btw u seen the breaking dawn trailer?
check out MelissaLDT
i hate how karen alway makes fun of my laugh xc i cant help it ~~~~~~~~~
I WANT FEEDBACK FEEL ME !!
weblog. Do YouBlog? Because iBlog. We are obsessed with pronouns.
Girlls needa stop swearin theey bad ; hatee beinq called a bitch ! But as soon as a niqqa put Bad in frontt she all smiles
I think #Obama's willingness to use a #Birther as a #lit agent is another reminder of his willingness to reach across the aisle.
Thanks for the +K !
jewels, pets live, and grid droid
Wicked elixir sure is a good fixer. Don't elaborate allow me to investigate.Starting sick fires as my heart desires. Derse out.
You piqued my interest, girl. Bet I know them...
I ran the half marathon with a kidney stone. WTH?
My cousin's gf joins GMMB/FH family. London can host Xmas party! RT can't believe u & both work for FH!
You know what ..I'm not sure. I need to ask and then I'll get back to you...UGHH but it's so far away from now
Monsters don't sleep under your bed, they sleep inside your head.
Thanks for getting he word out!
Why, oh why, do I get sucked into these TV shows? I knew Bachelorette was going to annoy me AGAIN! And, why is Entourage so lame so far?
": Lopsided emo-style haircuts can cause amblyopia (lazy eye) warns optometrist (via )" Welp there goes my next hurrcutt! FMP
HAPPY NEW YEAR Everyone!
We never did the poster!
Michelle Bachmann spends this day in New Hampshire. How's she doing there? New poll at 11 on
Awesome! My dad's side is Mexican. Where does your family originate from?
Why do really square white people in their thirties think that using the word "peeps" make them cool?
Spiritual day. There can't possibly be a way the man who is living a blessed life lose to a man who prays for a blessing every play.
News in the Morning is on in less than 5 minutes. Tune in!
"CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...thanks
Loaded question! I support changes in meaningful #EdTech integration (aka avoiding spending sprees w/ no curricular backbone)
All the lame hoes be quiet...2nd2none
So Western KY wins Sunbelt Conf with losing record and MTSU is out after a great season. Bad for Sunbelt.
well that's good. I dnt even have a cell:(
Waiting for dinner to be done, Then stuffing my face.
LOL... I guess the ONLY way you can win anything is to defeat someone in the other party's primary. How sad...
Great Win! And nice play at third turner!
House Music all night long at Black Lantern Audio Den in Huntington, NY! Come out and support! Getting ready for my set at 11:15PM!!!!
love this and your little boy expression in the pic!
yes, I need another person to catch all the connections you're making!
I know he will bring it up I believe in him. He'll do it for us. He loves us.
yeah I'm seeing them!
U already know bro
Caregivers, thank you for caring for your Senior Loved One. We appreciate you. Here's a big hug of support!
LOL That's funny!
It's snowing in April and I have a game today
“: wish I was up there, it's boring” it's always boring in the boro
I will take another love scene!
Martin Tupper~ A good book is the best of friends the same today and forever.
Funny, charming, witty, nice Gares they are... I sounded like Yoda...
Will Aggie Tannehill go to Miami?
Had dinner with some old high school friends. Can't believe how long ago we graduated. I feel OLD haha
SHHYEAHHH! RT nice I'm wearing my ring ceremony shirt for the 2009 championship from game 1 of the 2009-2010 season
RT If u believe the BEST is yet to come, RT!!
Tom Walek contributed to AIMA's updated members-only Guide to Media Relations, which revises the original document he helped write in 2006.
You still coming?
love this idea - thank you!
Tomorrow night on MPR and Sunday at 9 on
Well I live in New York City now
lol I'm not a sports girl, like I know nothing about sports xD
im on
So so so proud of my little sister.. Success run in the fam! ✨ Love u!
Thanks so so much for an amazing night, last night, Rickshaw-goers! Are you as in love with as I am?
Is so I can follow . That is all.
that argument would have been awesome on HBO
with the 1st pick in the 2011 rapture, God selects Randy "The Macho Man" Savage. Ooooohhhh Yeah!!!
Got my Hopscotch print today...even more awesome in person! Thanks for sending it out so quick. Can't wait to frame it.
Apparently had a bday party and forgot to invite us
Happy Monday! We're soaking up the sun all week on the !
He means 8 lane.
Cant wait for this weekend , going to ceder point & then the lakee .
“A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.” Einstein
I'm wishing twitter wasn't so inconvenient to me!
that's awesome. My dad gets it so I just sponge off of him :)
I'm sixteen & I admit: I miss my Mommah. <'3
is that okay for u?? No my love, I could never mad with you!!! I love you too my dear..
if by interior designing skills you mean ability to stock the fridge, then yes I agree
Where the ladies tonight
#CelebrityApprentice Good riddance to ! Emotional, delusional and racist to boot.
Women are made to be loved, not understood. - Oscar Wilde
“: If I went out on dates with chicks as much as I watch repeat showings of BLOODSPORT on tv, I'd be pimpin pretty hard”
So turns out it's IMPOSSIBLE to sing YMCA without doing the motions.
Absolutley perfect time for ac to break .
Great spot, was there for Roll out party last night
but who am I jokin with? there's no way that you and I will ever get to re-open it
Waiting on my tax return so I can cop something from
I love that movie soo much!! It made me cry...lolRT : Watchin dear john
At #CPD2012 sideevent on #SRHR youth rep says most Pakistani youth denied their right to access comp sexuality education.
#lasttimeichecked i was not talk to you
I FORGOT. SHEESH.
superlative conspiracy
i thought you said that about Neil Young and i was about to agree emphatically!
Free workout for a yr, use promo code "fit" during the sign up process, @ www.TheGymPro.com. What do you have to loss ... weight?
It's amazing how warm 12 degrees feels.
Our Hero is a great thing, Andrew. Possibly the Greatest Thing. Being followed by this feed, though? Meh. Average thing.
Just heard on stuff you should know that <1% of the lottery goes to K-12 education...
Jodi took me to Founding Farmers to celebrate the new job.
Might wear my friend "Guy Benson Collection" tonight. Supporting an up and coming designer!
I love my gauges :)
I hope you are having fun, but get focused and cheer the loudest and best game of your career!
This week's update is coming later today! Did we take The FMQB AC Music Chart's number 40 slot?...we'll see.
How bizarre how bizarre
people want what they cant have and when they get it they dont want it anymore
Power came back in middle of night, thnks to hrd-wrking ppl Thnx!
Oh yoga how I've missed you!
that's what I'm taking it as
Good Morning :^)
I love Halloween!!! Bring on the crazy quaky wacky!!!!!!!
- thanks for the retweet -
with microSD, USB, Android OS upgradeable to Ice Cream Sandwich, lightweight, gorilla glass, keyboard... best on the market! :)
Golly. Comparing Jefferson's original rough draft of the Declaration of Independence to the final engrossed version is always instructive.
Women, can't live with them, can't live without them, but definitely has a special one in mind
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.” — Markus Zusak
Finished an interview for the fabulous
congrats! UBC seems like a great department!
Sansa is growing on me.
RT "When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion." ~ Ethiopian Proverb
Today is an amazing day to sit back and compose some tunes. That's what we are doing.
Who say how salty that nigga kobe just looked....lol
omg me too! I would be the happiest person alivee!
thank the lord :)
rogaine MEN'S ROGAINE FOAM EXTRA STRENGTH 1 MONTH SUPPLY NEW :O
Watched last night - wow! Such an interesting story- well done...
obviously you're invited, I already told you that you're VIP status around here, remember?
Would u let me fall?
<---Down to ride and deserves a boss who's down to provide.
I do what I can don't blame me blame my Dolphins application
Did you steal that one from Tip?
telling us that Twitter cut her off ... apparently too much tweeting from Star's star statehouse reporter!
you gonna shot gun a four loko for me on my 21st next Sunday?
Good morning everybody
new, seeing what this is all hyped up to be
Why do PR confuse media relations as a strategy... it's a tactic people.
I represent Detroit
Austin. Your are a absolutely fantastic ball player. You exceed in each aspect of the game and never give up. I actually watched you pla ...
- GOODNIGHT POSTS ANYONE ?? LMFS
We're so excited for our makeovers today at the White Orchid Salon and Spa!
Well This Is just Great
It was cute. :)
Love my colleagues. It wouldn't be the same without them.
sloans lake is the place to be.
wondering what the spoon logo would look like on a cow.
My husband and I caught up on Season 3 of #BethennyEverAfter last night. Could Bryn be any cuter?!
Every welcome my boy to twitter..It's about time son haha...
hell yes!!! Lmao
Use your mind to get inspired, use your heart to stay inspired.
Rio Rancho, NM listed within the best 25 Suburbs Can Be Comfortable For Retirement - Forbes
Up early this morning! Enjoyed my weekend with true friends! (:+)
that looks good, let me know what you think!
Who's up & ready to race? This girl!
Pink concert tickets to go on sale this weekend for San Jose, Seattle, Glendale, Houston
Congratulations on the scholarship - that's terrific!
Anybody want to buy me some allergy meds?
Dont u just love it when folks throw philosophies they used to scoff @ up in your face? Have you sittin like I just told YOU that last WEEK!
I love seeing a company built to help consumers know where to get the most out of their music lessons. Keep up the good work!
This has been a great Twitter night already in my first 10 minutes of bein on #nba nd #nfl signings
Dear (#Jets GM) Mike Tannenbaum, the team needs WR depth and Al Toon's son is on the board. Let's make this work.
RT : Just secured my work party gift to exchange and a $25 toy for the #bloodybrunch donation tomorrow. <--yay!! Thanks so much!!!
WORLD SERIES MVP IS (DAVID FREESE)
Soo delicious. You won't regret it.
Your single season is a vital part of your story..the part where you meet the greatest heroine of your life: YOU. #TheSW RT
That's why I have a dog. He might not say it, but I think he thinks I'm perfect.
“: Happy for to vote til they shut me out!! Love you guys...”//Unfortunately, you can only vote once...
haha..it sure is...some sun...some rain.....some TLC from mom nature.
...that's ME! I'm coming after you if I don't see you within the next 48 hours.
I know! It wasn't directed to anyone so it's all good. :)
New topic - Photokina could be exciting
Thanks! Hands are warm and happy!
This kind of stuff isn't waht Twitter is for. Just go away from him if you don't like him.
what's hanin'..
A compassionate government keeps faith with the trust of the people and cherishes the future of their children.
Mexico lindo with the parents hit the spot
I love me time:-)
was she unbelievably confused?
To say that it's the worst Congress EVER would be an understatement of epic proportions.
": Many of clients at have been doctors and nurses. It's nice being able to give them a foot assessment.
Atlanta does have some great venues. Who are you going to see live?
Trust is like Virginity, Once you loose it you can never get it back.
the aspirin thingie ^.^
Hey students, are you excited for to come to Marquette again?! WE ARE!
The real loser in the #Pujols deal? Moneyball.
Just got done with the test :-)
Thank you for stopping by this morning!
love the new site! looks great. beautiful work as always, baby.
Oh so many. But it was a boatload of fun.
We're glad you like the mag!
Thanks for sharing the interesting article!
I can't do it! I can't! it hurts but I can't!
listening to "a moment's shifting" by Anything Box
I had 3 in 3 schools high/middle/elem can't drive all 3 - I'm really down over these new reports.
DM me yo new number bruh I dont have urs for some reason. U gon be in the nap today?
RT T3thinktank: RT : Interactive technology, touch screens + smart TVs will drive importance of metadata tagging and future of...
hope to have you through.
SALSA ES LO QUE HAY on my mind everyday!!! LOL
I'm at work. Wonder why my boss decided to not allow us access to www.tigersandmonkeys.com ?
#Colts win by 3 tonight.. my prediction!
Ebc time come check it out! Then hit it home with surrender! Only
typing with my 6 month old niece on my lap. I am in heaven!!!
Way to go 1 of 12 suburban restaurants worth making the drive says
Back to reality slave shifts && low pay
Totally! Inspired by your gumption! Want to hear about your 7+, too!
Do you ever take a day off, ? :)
I start school in less than a week 😱 I haven't been in class in like 5 or 6 years ! 😣😨😰😖
Love you girls ! RT Can't forget the mouse! RT : at OSHA with xx
Fox didn't even know who was in LF. Weak.
TRYING SO HARD TO GET YOU TO SEE AT LEAST ONE OF MY TWEETS! ~capitols better work. ;)
Wash my hands up
RT : Win 2 tickets to the exclusive Real World premiere party at ! RT for a chance to win.
I love you one, a two, a three shoobee-doo. :)
Just saw your twin at Walmart!
Matt Barnes 
In one of my first opportunities to catch my breath and process, I find myself crushingly homesick.
Thanks for sharing! I appreciate your candidness.
lol nvm it's sold now :-(
Why are you such a creeper? :-)
Fifty shades book one done
Re: O'Keefe. What are the examples of elections possibly won by fraud? Only one I can think of is the LBJ "landslide" in '48
True dat RT : Social Media gives you wings - be sure you use them to help others to fly :-)
nice. Where do you row? Are you still in school?
Student asked, "Should academics at AU participate in a creative commons type endeavor?" #dff2011 says yes!
doing well out here in the northwest
Aww thx luv! : Because, like #Visa, she's everywhere you want to be, I gave +K about #Sacramento on
TUNE IN NOW! Dominic is giving away tickets to Six Organs of Admittance as we speak! 91.1 FM or wtju.net/stream
I'm gonna start too! Lol
#RIP iChat I'm gonna miss you :(
Let's do something tomorrow.!(:
#sdmayornp Nathan Fletcher " I promise I will do nothing to make weather worse"
Always learn on webinars!
did you love it??!!!
you made me want pizza yesterday..hella too early in the day..
what's good beautiful.. you should deff come visit me at work tomorrow lol
How did I get this request before you?! You're the king of Pinkberry
I'm just not as gentlemanly as you Paul!!
Leaving for the airport!!!
Definately open to the idea..Let's talk about how to do it.
No worries. My main point of mentioning the SD/PHI line was that if I took Worley, it would be in a low scoring affair
for some reason, I rapped this in my head lmao
Been grinding music all day with , , and !! Come see us this Friday the 9th at King Plow in ATL!!
$1 bus to downtown from Austin airport? Don't mind if I do!
You're welcome :)
To think possitive requires effort. Interrupt the negative talk. Intentionally think affirmations, thoughts of gratitude.
hey guys whats everyone up to???-Amanda
It's Pintastic! No? RT : Is the term "Pinfluence" already sounding goofy to you too?
COLLEGE FRIENDS: make sure you get a good pic of yourself now, because it will be your profile pic for the next 30+ years
watch it.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps "Someone Like You"
humm of the baby monitor.
Blueberry clusters in my cereal?! BLUEBERRY CLUSTERS?!! What kind of dark magic is this?!!!
Must remember to make sure hashtags are illustrative or functional before using.
i sure will follow i Always follow #CeNation fans
Great win last night! I miss being at the RioT but I wear my RSL gear proudly in DC!
#SDSU New Orleans Bowl Kicks Off @ 6pm on ESPN. Win Game #13 two years straight! Geaux #Aztecs!
The link is still active.. Should warn you that I get nostalgic for the 90s in the winter.
Tressel had more than 13 yards passing I think
Whatever has fewer characters.
Akinade: Scientific impact of nations: South Africa ONLY country in Africa cited...at bottom of list.
aw Thanks! You are very cute too :)
Prepping for a pull chain bottling run!
work all i do is write. i got some singles wanna get up wit ya and tlk im ready 2 learn & grow wth dis music can u help me?
going to bed early, still fightin the #sick me. lol
I am turning 40 today, felt I haven't accomplished much, then I look at my wife of16 years and our two boys. little things
ahh me to!! its helping me relax rite now(:
A couple is lying in bed. Man: "I am going to make you the happiest woman in the world." Woman: "I'll miss you."
Was expecting you to say violence...well, hey...at least you're sending people to your Twitter I suppose...
I fucking hate my parents. As soon as I graduate i'm going to save every penny so I can
it's like near Poplar.
During the 2007 Great Backyard Bird Count, the American Robin ruled with more than 2 million sighted!
Happy Easter everyone.
I am a fan of , but I'm so frustrated with the bouncing pan on what should be a same-size smooth pan from left to right.
She's going to be work
actually, you should make the picture, not take it.
I used to periodically make up a lie telling people that they were making a Sanford and Son movie with Chris Rock and Samuel L Jackson
Never felt better to say its the weekend :) its been to long. Retail therapy tomorrow 👍😍
FOLLOW ME
I click on links and get only blank pages. Any tips?
#carlsbad #encinitas - hope to join your cooking class tonight! Addicited to Emerald Bliss too if my kitchen skills fail!
sorry about the car... hope you're ok
how do I become a model
We're very happy with the response the new single 'Baphomet' has been receiving. Now's the perfect time to recommend us to your friends!!
You can never be overdressed or over-educated.
#TheThingIHateMost is skipping breakfast and then end up STARVING minutes later when I can't get up to grab something
looks so sick
Visit sites outside of your industry and interest areas for new ideas.
I'm so thankful for and
buy me A PONEY
Super nice! I'm excited lolol I've never got a pedi, but it sounds great c:
“: My PASSION for giving unleashes my COMPASSION for others. It's #WHYiGive”
Westmoore, Southmoore, and SW OKC areas. We are pretty set on that part of OKC right off of I-44.
Manu is here and extra talkative tonight. Get ready
I think every fake Mexican place presses their tortillas...
Well that don't sound like it hurts at all... O_o
I don't know most of the people I'm supposedly "following". How do I lose them?
Currently reading Ford Madox Ford's PARADE'S END, 4 books in 1, & a much more complex look at the #DowntonAbbey era
Just got back from a fun presentation at WWU. I hope that you all enjoyed the wonderful time we had together. Thanks for having us up.
I wonder what my gpa will be when I walk at graduation?
RT As the father of a classroom teacher, I know how hard they work and their tremendous impact. This week,
- These Folks Bad As Hell . .
Most of the time people hate you cause they aint you.
RT : So true --> Without a project manager, your project will fail.
should give me her digits (;
Really? That's horrible, I loved that band. Time for a Google search. Thanks for the heads up, Alli
You should have your own fight shirt… like the fighters do.
That awkward moment when you run into twin (not knowing it's not her) and try to start a whole conversation! =P
my friend Ben is working your mic tonight, say hello even though he's a man! Pshhh right
Come on - Pres. Obama is speaking at Seoul summit & being covered by CNN & Fox. Stop with the crap Lock-up reruns & cover real news!
I haven't seen at #JLWL12. We miss you.
10:00 - 4 what's good ? Hit up my phone.
In Durant, Oklahoma today working out of my satellite office. Great to see my brother and his family.
Rethinking all the little things
just heard from police sources that this was a custodial issue between ex husband and wife.
Because small, local, sustainable business partnerships need to eat too!
Yes! RT Made mom some steaks from for #MothersDay. Thanks for letting me know
Glad you could join us at #SDIS we had a blast too!
Still have a block on my twitter..ugh
<3 what's the origin of yours??
isn't this just like what anons tried to do late last summer? what's teh point?
yep. Wicked hop?
What. A. Game.
Yes have to tell u all about SanFran trip my husband just took! He was called unexpectedly, just got back today! Will fill u in!
Are u in Philly? Maybe we can do lunch or something while u are in town.
While I love Woody Allen, can we please give like ONE of these things to a woman please?
'There is not a management course in the world that recommends Self-Righteousness as a tool.' Tina Fey
No one has more driving ambition than the boy who wants to buy a car
Newts sister us sweating like a pig
Brilliant pitching from #Mets staff today in 1-0 win. Nice to see Johan back.
#ARIES .. this weekend, baby!!
Oh stop, but thank you. “: We love and #smcnsb”
Fallow Back? (:
i don't know what a Bowl of Dicks is....but I'm sure it's something Keith visits regularly.
how did u "retweet" that if I never even tweeted that..?
I'm am looking for #Independent #Models contact your contact name, an pic
My heart can't handle this. I can't go to school due to emotional distress. TVD did this did this. #myfeelingscantbecont ...
Wonder woman on
thanks for the follow! Can't wait to checkout your digs!
Great thanks but i'm sick of finals i'm glad they're over
I love the stripped dress you are wearing at the airport!! Where can I buy it??
We couldn't have done it without you! Thanks for helping to improve the lives of so many New Yorkers.
I know I'm late but happy birthday Cjaye!! :) love ya hope it was an awesome birthday!
#decoded How many times has the world been prophesied to end? I'm not worrying till the brimstone starts falling.
Everyone keep rooting for the
Breaking: Andrew Luck has signed with Nokia. Will rep their retro handset line.
Refreshing to see college athletes like put the student before 'athlete'... #proudgamecock Congrats!
Tulowitzki got hit in dugout by a foul ball, remained in the game to limp out an infield single, and was pulled immediately after.
Just started new gig as educational technologist at BU. Am starting this professional Twitter feed for it.
well you ground me from the high of social media frenzy. I appreciate grounding?
Woo hoo! RT'ed me too! My coolness quotient just went up. :-)
Hey #Cardnation Lou/Fla replay on right now on CBS Sports Network.
I wasted a lot of time in my life chasing after illusions...Refusing to see beyond the smoke and mirrors....that was a poor investment....
Missing my brother Dan. Gone 6 years.
Thank you for the mention!!
I'm on da zoo.
almost done packing, out of Miami in 24 hours :O
ARE YOU AT THE DOCTOR? PLEASE SAY YES.
ty for follow
Great article in the about the WA High School Cycling League Race Sunday. Dont miss it!
love your #SanJoseSharks tweets, but can u append the score ?
of a/asu hockey game. Go cats! Celebrating nephew's birthday...and mine too!
Ah this rain is crazy!
When i do these silly weight loss challenges my mind thinks of some diabolical very fattening foods!
bet-let me kno wut u think about dem cuz im lookin to join a real team here
so have you heard the buzz
IK UR STILL ON!! AND IK UR GOING TO SEE THIS!! BUT PLZ FOLLOW ME!! I BEEN WAITING #4YEARS !!
. Have a blast in St. Pete guys! That's my hometown! Too bad I'm in IL!
i do!
4 Days left to purchase a Pink 100% waterproof ipod and have $20 of the proceeds donated to
I love you more #BeHappy <3
I think he will have a nice and solid season. Jags are a young team. You have a Great RB, Good WR, and etc
MT : Social theorist Ida B. Wells helped develop what's now called "intersectional analysis," yet she's rarely taught in sociology.
you gotta be kidding me
Happy 36th birthday, ! You don't look a day over a frail 93.
i do too lol i love goin to a black hairdresser
We know study space is at a premium right now... if the Info Commons is full, don't forget to check out WHH 118.
I want everyone to know: When I retweeted "#stopkony" I meant, "Stop flooding my feed with this bull."
For Better or Worse let's talk about it iwillmovement.blogspot.com
In the end we'll realize we would of made it in music by working together!Heartbreaking.
So my elbow buddy told me I'm "screwed" O.O
Just scored 3 expired packs of Polaroid film for $15. Yes please!
You remind me... I am due for a good run. And *gulp,* another marathon.
Who is spending Nov in the FL sun at the #OldSpiceClassic?
#musiclib2010 Hot Topic #4: Anyone interested in giving presentations or attending them in second life?
can cook instant oatmeal "Put it in the microwave and BOOM!" hahaha<21
I played Henze's Orpheus Behind the Wire for 1 hour at the piano each day for 6 months before my 1st rehearsal & its American premiere.
- Great presentation, Jason & Team! Have fun!
Its Fathers Day! Gutter Cleaning only 50 cents a foot. Today only!! Allentown, PA Area only
