Everyone be sure to Vote there is only one day left in the competition and I need your votes!
": Pat Green looks 65 yrs old!" What AAU team does he play for?
Naturally Gourmet Products » Rita&#39;s Italian Ice signs franchise deal ...
very happy that you found it worthwhile - thanks for participating!
I think ppl try to intellectualize falling in love. You "Fall" in love, you don't sit at a table & plan it.
Can't be said enough :) RT: Your one small act of kindness could change someone's world.
Brown signs new recording deal
last time he said anything remotely interesting was before HBO.
who's real or you?! If your it then live you!;)
No.ick, really great vocals and guitar work,no??
I wish that I could be in NY today with my family. Uncle Romeo <3
“ GoodMorning Beautiful People....”
that would be great! Where r u?
Thanks for sharing with us via twitter :) Fabulous!!! amazing place #SanFran you are right - loving it!
I'm thinking 10 games but hoping indefinitely there is no need for a guy like that in the
so my life is the most unusual movie ever but its better than Superbad and similar to TrueBlood
what's wrong
Can't go wrong with Gary Clark Jr or Yuna.
80% of those who divorce during an affair regret the decision. Think twice!
Watching/listening to the great Vin Scully calling Don Mattingly's Dodgers vs SF Giants...nice!
"the facebook server found your request confusing and wasnt sure how to proceed" how about I kick your ass and then you can figure it out??
Good Morning Tweeters!
#AGirlDeserves a guy who can honestly say that he has never cared about anyone else as much as her.
making money online, check it out- www.ebookviralincome.com Internet pros only!
loving them curves baby girl
"I am patenting the sound of my fart."
I will follow all the Directioners back when my twitter will stop being a butt.
Buiness and networking is about giving and taking. You cant expect to get and give nothing in return.
Hear, hear!
Arne Duncan: This is a historic day. The FCC has put education at the forefront of its work.
that's dope
Morning, it'll be 12:00 in thirty minutes, wow.
We @ the car wash an they have a female washin the car that's cool but she don't kno what she doin I'm pissed off
omg my parents told me i was sleep talking last night o m f g
Oldboy, just as nauseatingly disturbing on the second watch as the first.
Watch this.
Water still out so at cabin again. Yesterday I forgot my razor. Brought it today but forgot my pants.
Homebuyer's Club will be held on August 16th at 6:30pm here at our office on 21 Buford Road! Take control of your credit situation!
Welcome back Chris! How was your day?
Good night, planet earth. Stay classy!
Good morning :)
Sharing with fellow #archivists today what's possible when using
Cheerio AVB now give back the scarves you borrowed from Jose..they never fit you right anyway.
You funny! It just does that. Checked a billion times. New batteries. Nothing helps.
I'm on such a natural high right now. Just finished my last class at NYU
#are4 #factoftheday 1barrel of oil= 10 years worth of man work hours
We're closed Sundays and Mondays for private parties, meeting space, and catering. Open Tues-Sat 11-7.
it's 70 here. I can't open the windows because my allergies would go nuts.
I want some blue berry waffles
So true ! Thanks for the reminder! Hope your day is going great!
are you okay? What did you do?
Durant the god
Anyone going to opening day? #BrewCrew -
big John's da man
For the same reason old balls smell so damn good.
Just what i fucking need right now.
Being a Wings fan will be the death of me
To change your diet for success, surround yourself w/supportive people.
Better Homes & Garden is a pretty diverse company. I thought it was a magazine, then a real estate company, & now this?
CO has more than 120 'structurally deficient' bridges, and 52% of our roads are 'poor,' sez CDOT. We're #proudtopay to fix 'em.
Running quote: "Why aren't you signed up for the 401K? I'd never be able to run that far." Scott Adams, Dilbert
Try the new Sonic Toaster Melts for only $1.99 & tonight get FIVE (5) Sonic Burgers for only $5.95. Great deals. #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd
I'm curious as to what Josh's 'talent' would be. Best curmudgeon?
The countdown is really on now... 1 day, 16 hours, and 9 minutes to go!
Afterwards we're playing acoustic in the round with and Aimee Alden at downtown Nashville.
You bet, Sarah. I was nodding my head the whole time--same theories apply no matter the size of your team!
Great workout
I simply must tear myself away from the TV so that I can go act in it.
Facebook is feeling like MySpace these days. Why has there been an explosion in picture posts as status updates? #thanksfortheadd!
Thanks so much for the art Retweet, Dan! Hope you had a good weekend?
Sorry! Just hanging out on a lovely day.
;-) G'night sweet Carter and you too JB, I'll see on FB around 4?? <3 have fun!!
Drew Brees to meet with Arizona Cardinals later this week.
ZBO has that look in his eyes
Desperately needing a trip to somewhere tropical and QUIET! A beach chair and a book (or iBook) will do
Thanks man, nice of you say!
just followed back some followers :) I miss twitter
thanks for the shout out! :)
Congrats , you were just used as an historical example @ #NCPH2012 #OAH2012 conference.
I think chapter 17 on the first
I already love ♥ I'm so thankful for twitter because I never would have found them otherwise(:
I'm soo over this day already!!!!
God bless Levon Helm -- a musical talent beyond words.
I think they put Ron Artest on tv just to make fun of him. He clearly is out of his mind. Pretty messed up if you ask me.
Glad you could be there today. RT : Brand awareness, lead gen and contests 2day @
Time 2 get up, get out & make something of the day…
This is "fantastic" RT Yes, it's true: I went to Lady Gaga last night. She put on a fantastic show. I did not, however....
Sarasota Film Festival screening on April 10th of "Prime Of Your Life". Get your tickets as soon as possible. (via )
My favorite day of the year has arrived! See you all in a couple of hours!
To do my homework or to not do my homework? Sorry
Is it Jen Royle?
thanks!! Again lol!
Ack! It's Monday, we're closed!
I asked for her 1000 tweet a week ago and she forgot about me... I feel loved 💔
Mikey! i see you're ignoring my post </3
Im getting money living like a most wanted
lmao yea kind like my size cause its gonna get a lil hot and sweaty dwn there lol
Then I was referred to Car Crafters. The people there were so understanding and caring.
that must mean you're leaving. #ThisTownAintBigEnoughForTheBothOfUs ;)
Tune in next week for another great interview
For a play-by-play recount of the #Huguelytrial follow C-VILLE's own Toby Beard at
Spinning this Dionne Warwick record
Going on day 2 of model scouting trip in Canada.... Toronto was a success! Know onto Montreal foe round 2!
Congrats to for defeating No1 LSU! Seems we'll be back at No1 going to Louisville on Tuesday night! Everyone come out & watch!
Anyways, you wanna come or not? (:
OPEN to serve you with a BIG New Year's Clearance SALE. Almost ALL books are now 20% OFF incl new Titles. Dbl Punch Drink: Peppermint Mocha.
give it back.
San Diego, I'll be in Indiana for only 1 day from 24May to 26July so if we play, it has to be in the next week!
I also have an idea why her belongings were on the beach but I don't want to stereotype a whole neighborhood!
and it makes me want to move to Tennessee for some reason lol
This is a good question.
Thank you SO MUCH for retweeting my blog and project!
LinkedIn colleagues I am looking for an investment banker to refer some business too. If you know of one you trust please have them contact…
RT : Its a good service, when it works, its their customer service that needs a lot of work
Another beautiful #Monday is passing by quickly! What are you #grateful for today? I'm grateful for being able to work poolside 2day!
i know, such a bummer. i've been late everyday since i've had to ride my new razor scooter to work.
#homework & #studying #hatehatehate I wanna be chillin' with my friendys outside on this beautiful day!!
you wanna go to noel/Mona show 2morrow night?
OMG I JUST KEEP THINKIN ABOUT IT!! WE WERE SO HYPER!! :D
maybe since I lost my hockey game, the Pens will win.
Mrph. Oil leak found in the car. Repair work just went up an additional 750. Gag!
I'm at a lesbian bar waiting on a veggie burger. WTF?
Unfortunately, that's common. When you find a great fleet car service driver, get his card to call on your next trip.
i hate farmers tans haha
trying to avoid that.
I wish I had Excel to use, not paper and pencil
what market?
ha ": "I'd like to add you to my professional network." If someone said that to you in person, you'd laugh or leave."
Commitment without Responsibility is like Music without Sound.
This woman in front of me has order 20minutes worth of fastfood. #GOODGRIEF 😲
"Helping someone figure out if they're having a miscarriage" was definitely not in my job description.
being on meds sucks.
now on to the ps3
me too!!
Compared with non-alumnae, Girl Scout alumnae are better educated and enjoy higher household income.
Hope everyone had a great thanksgiving. A lot to be thankful for.
Music - a Vacation to another place, time, or feeling. Releasing within us the Power to Love, Hope, Dream, and Feel. .... Lane
haha. no...... his mom loved him first
Yes, definitely a glimpse of winter in the northtowns tonight.
Thanks for posting your piece on the new investor terms. Good to know.
Today we are at Corporate Circle near Vegas.com and Greenspun Media! Special- Beer Brats with Caramelized Onion and Spicy Mustard!
Susan from Oklahoma says Party in my room at 3am. Clothing optional ;)
and Hit me up after 1pm today. Got a gameplan I need to throw at yall real quick.
Slow motion for me, slow motion for me, move it slow motion for me
Sticker Rude!
Shout out to the who performed before the #SuperBowl kick-off. Way to represent.
Substitute Greek yogurt or applesauce for butter in baking recipes!
I'm not sending them I get them a lot to
your mortal enemy following me . Ctfu . Haha
We are so bad ass an full of feathers we flock with
I have no willpower. I opened the Death of Spider-Man. Polybagging sucks anyway.
girrrlll me 2... Cuz Lord KNOWS more babies is just NOT AN OPTION! LOL at least not 4 me! :/
keep spreading the word out about the band guys c:
reunion tonight ? Downtown Mia it is
Johnson Direct is a teenager! Today we turn 13. Thank you to all of our client partners and friends. Dreams really can come true.
Let's see if the Sunday Night Baseball crew bashes Maddon and the Rays staff...
you mean he hasn't gone to hell yet? He needs to hurry up then.
Hey was up
Plus people have intuition and flexibility that robots can never have
Love her. As for SNL, #hatersgonhate!
"hi um I'm pregnant..." lol unknown callers
im craving that #subway sandwich right now!!
I hear ya, but since everything on this show is never what you think it will be, I'm waiting for an "unbelievable" outcome with that2!
Doing Noboa's class tomorrow in 2nd period, because it's not like I do shit in math anyways.
Ironic how the one guy that Heat fans (and the entire internet, really) have trolled on hardest might be the difference between a title run
Til my last day, til my last breath, of anyone who can I can love you the best 💚
RT : FACT: Josh Hamilton's 18 total bases tonight are an AL record. //this was on both times i got to glance at a tv tonight/ morning
GREYSON YOU DON'T JUST TELL US YOU'RE HAVING A CONCERT THEN NOT TELL US WHERE IT IS OR HOW WE GET TICKETS IT'S JUST NOT RIGHT
Gonna lay across my bed a relax a little b4 doing my girl hair
They are trying to freeze us out, wait till Saturday! Badgers are a tenacious bunch!
MT : is there a #list of the best curators active on #SM? If not can we make one? Today?
Every morning, somehow
#wheresbernie was a complete bust. so much for getting up before 5am.
I'm a drummer, so I could do rim shots to my own jokes if they were funny.
me and da homies still craccin up on that "GET OUT MY WAy" lol
they not gon beat the shit out of the Bulls tho
TAKE IT ALL IN TELL ME WHERE YA HEAD AT
So how's the unemployment life?
:) how's it going?
Me too! RT : I only check my voicemails to get rid of that annoying icon on my phone.
your point makes no sense. I live in CA and sexual freedom does not equal reduction in rape.
My son just sang: "Mary had a little duck, E-I-E-I..." He has just merged two songs.
Laptop not Labtop
I hope Scott brooks keeps the starting lineup in get 140points
To our dear facebook followers: Happy Valentine's Day!
I wish you were mine .
Today's tip: Don't waste your calories on sodas. One can of cola can pack 150 - 200 calories! Remember water is the best choice.
At waiting for Wavumba to start.
I'm pleased
thanks for the follow. I hope you get value from my tweets about hotels & hospitality
My nose feels like a solid block of concrete...
Facebook changed their privacy policy again... be careful!
Localize your website for each foreign language market you are trying to reach. Include foreign markets & speakers in your own country.
OMG lunch with tomorrow! WHAT SHOULD I WEAR!?!
What if you lose both arms rescuing a small child from the clenches of an alligator?
Had a dream I was in the army running missions...was the coolest dream ever, I fucked shit up. Then I frailed up and woke up lmao
did you see it?! Just say yes.
U stink at madden
R.I.P. Trayvon Martin
yeah kill it in D town. I will be there watching.
LOL good morning
I don't want to go to 5th period today man :( Where is Maia!!
Happy Birthday to my beautiful bride!
lol i just noticed that
Omg. Ilu so much that it's not normal. xoxoxoxox
Thank you LORD for the blessings in my life. Never knew I really wanted this until you gave it to me!!
Welcome to the house of horrors.
Actually, he hasn't spent ENOUGH money.
u know what I could do? :((
Teaching pyramid fail! Oh my, this is a favorite in my institution.
I wish I was watching a new episode of #Caged on tonight. But I'll settle for instead.
I love apetizers more than life .
#SexualPickUpLines "hey u wanna play Hide&Go anal?"
Regina asks: What does Prosser mean when he says"unrecognized opportunity to deliver a victory"??
If you want cash for your car today (running or not running), you can count on us. We provide easy, hassle-free pick up and free towing...
lol you fresh out here.
For a good time
Excited to work on some fun pieces with our friends, Diving into the world of editing. We'll see y'all when we come up for air.
How do people not like snails? They're basically armored land octopi - DvL
"Psychotic Reaction" is on air from 4-5, and "FUSiON" is on air 6-7!
do you? do you really love me?
I could easily tack a few thousand dollars onto that. Sigh. It's freakin' ridiculous.
Thanks to #DaveHill, #HotToddy & #ManifestDestiny for a great show. Thanks to friends & audience members we raised a lot to get us to CIF!
Next time im at someones house, im gonna get a whole bunch of food and put it on one small napkin like and did
Work. That's all I got.
Release your anger
RT : When cops, teachers, firefighters can't afford to live in the cities they serve, we've got a problem.
Ping pong party
I guess I take that tweet back then....smh
Why? An early morning meeting?
Cleaning lady: is there anyone in the bathroom? Me: no. Guy in bathroom: hey! I'm trying to shit!
happy to entertain
We need to get together again soon.
Just wrapped up the Flashmob at ! Thanks to everyone who came out. Photos and videos will be up on our site soon :)
damn that maintenance guy and abraham lincoln
#iconference10 #nmsplc "If you have a collective group focus, you get a lot more done today and you leave a legacy for tomorrow." MFullan
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." George Bernard Shaw
haha Oh you mean
#HowToGetRejected be a manwhore then all of a sudden wanna settle down
All 4 teams won today!
Thanks Brian!
“ 'just in case I lose a screw'. Right?” famous last words of the girl who is crushed by an Ikea armiore :-)
Thanks to everyone who participated in the Umeus Cloth twitter contest! Congrats to who was chosen as this weeks winner!
Xavier Avery triples. Just a home run and single away from cycle. Did I #jinx it?
I Miss My Brotha Free CHUB
I wish I was in Chicago right now. It taking a nap. I live an interesting life I guess.
Qué amabilidad por compartir mi page! THANKS and THANKS again and again!
A beautiful soul
what are you, an 80 year old woman?!
yess I better see u soon silly Sam!
GoOKC pour moi, for the little it's worth.
my bio: "Chief Storyteller , a guide service and bait shop for brands." the word "copywriter" isn't present but the idea is.
Use video in the classroom? Visit #nbclearn at the #TCEA2012 conference, booth 1817 for a free demo
TGIF!!! Yes, I can legitimately say that now.
now following! Have a great weekend!
The point of having a new relationship is to find somebody who is NOT like who you had before.
Upcoming...a review of on Stay tuned!
Desperately seeking Susan.... I mean, ahem UX - UI designers in DC! hit me up!
RT #FF Fellow Rice grad student, historian of material culture of Atlantic world, and good friend:
With time and training you'll start to get faster.
Griffin over Richardson. More difficult schedule, BU not nearly as good as a team. Where would Baylor be without RG3?
a society built on fossil fuels is a very foolish thing,when the fossil fuels run out society.................
What is everyone up to 2day
Catching up from a week off. I hope you have a fabulous day!
All the advertising...worthless pulp. I also do not turn on the TV to just watch advertisements. What is Twitter about? Is this it?
They just abandoned him in the alley, too .
Hey Doug. Just wanted to let you know we're sending your shirts today. Thanks for being a customer.
Starbucks, every meal, all day, every day.
#IfIWasJustinsGirlfriend i'd be the luckiest girl in the world.
What's the best remedy for psoriasis? arms and legs.
RT : last night's Greenfield school board mtng turns heated, police called to manage protesters. more on this developing story
Let's just Drink to get Drunk and tell Eachother Everything; For a Drunken Mind, Speaks a Sober heart
too tired...
Reading about Estes Kefauver trying to figure out why he went all out to block Comsat in '61 when PHREDONIA, his mom's name, stops me cold.
Congrats to Derek Jeter!!!
Hi Jordan, look forward to seeing you in January!
Yeah, , my feed is pretty boring without the
Of course, one of my faves:) I'm doing well, hope to work with you guys again sometime! Hope things are great with you too!
hahaaa nice. Good luck!
ONE-LINER: Earth first! (We'll strip-mine the other planets later).
yup, I was on the bike trainer pedaling away.
He's been annoying forever. A precursor to Madden. Just another F wad saying shit on purpose to piss people off.
oh, i thought you meant dad. more evidence that your sister is a true badass.
thx! still have as few upgrades to make but I'm happy. And yes, it appears so. not happy about Prop 1, but that's the plan.
follow back love
slack shall be cut... for now ;) hehe
Just a boy and his dog named Monkey.
Can't wait till I go to Dallas for Texas Bar Fights 8 this weekend! Want to see how everyone is in #skullgirls and
Let us be mindful about the profits that Mars, Inc. and Arizona Beverages are making off of this deplorable act of violence and bigotry.
There's one thing I don't understand about Joe the Plumber -- why isn't he Sam the Plumber?
Thanks bob. We will check it out!
NY or DC...the eternal question...
Get out!! More enlightened genius minds in the fold?!
credit cards!
It's slippery out there. Be careful where you walk as you come into Wafrique today. Lots of items on sale until Saturday.
Your welcome Anomie ~ hope your well,
did you get my text? Lol
Oh HELL NO!
Quick hits: Meet five more UFA’s set to join the Miami Dolphins
I'm considering checking out #LazyMeter. Any early adopters willing to express thoughts on it?
Be persistent and ask God daily to place His words in your mouth. Be Encouraged!
Actually you should come out with your own line of shiny suits and boot tips.
Griffmas has come early for the Redskins
I enjoyed the article! I was wondering, is our perception of side-chain compression effected in any way by iTunes mastering?
Why will people want to pay to see your movie?
someone let me run away to their house i cant take this please please please
Running to catch your bus is always a fun way to start your morning.
Going to bed with a smile on my face! :)
#wcphilly Monetization should NOT be your number one priority.
I just came up with the perfect pick-up line for #EDC: "Hey, I'm not on any drugs so my dick actually works."
They need to franchise a #Hooters right in the middle of My Old KY Home State Park.
Just made it home. still have a lot of work to do today! I'm so excited for some new projects... :)
you can but like I would be forced to hit you in the nose w a news paper and then kick you out ;)
S/o heard your movin on to bigger and better things. Congrats Kug, I just ask we get one more game of euchre in!
My hands would turn bi-sexual for my girl, I'm not going to sit around and let anybody touch her . . .
After two weeks of summer, SPRING IS HERE!!!!!!
What Up Tweople! how was your easter ?!
Stayed offline yesterday due to an electrical storm. No need to zap the computer or get crispy.
Special welcome to who is joining the twitter fold!
Jonny boy! This is my new project dhCARES! We want to lead by example by using our manpower to volunteer-Thanks for the follow
Big meeting of the minds today! The only problem is the only good mind that will be there is mine...
boah where tf u been ? I been textng u tramp !
YES! Hunger Games Survivor of a sort :) Mixed with a little Blair Witch Project!!
Daytime Emmy nomination snubs: The overrated women on The View...who cares? But where is the Susan Lucci of court, Judge Judy?
Spent Thursday, Friday in 18th Century at Market Fair, Fort Frederick, Big Pool, Maryland. Highly recomment the event.
#lxchat starts at the top of the hour.
Paying homage to Willow/Angel shippers, here. Are there any Angel/Willow shippers in the house?
Peter Nivio Zarlenga~ To come to be, you must have a vision of Being, a Dream, a Purpose, a Principle. You will become what your vision is.
Your #hgtved made me tear up. I always love your designs.
I just asked about u .
Why am I still layingdown? ...
aww how cute! are u excited? :)
Where's a good Vietnamese place in Seattle?
~Man Im Glad I Got Out That Bum Azz Skul Park Manor..!
If you know of someone that deserves to be discovered please send us a video or where we could find them.
stalker mode -.-
i want to win new sublime sun advanced sunscreen to protect and perfect my skin
A whole lotta Jerry Lee Lewis: With a 100-song box set due for release, 'The Killer' talks to Douglas McPherson.
looking for an OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR [Administrative Manager] in LAKELAND, FL (8 years experience and 4 year degree). Send resume ASAP or c…
up and down with tucks passing but glad I don't have to get up early
Users are trained to ignore colorful mages at the top of web pages. They will start looking underneath them for the content
i woke up on the wrong side of the bed....did you guyss present your photoshop scenerys?
I'm either going to fly or ruin that families picnic. Lol.
And as i looked up,...it rained on me!!
Help out the word about the film. We need some true angels this week to put us within reach our goal.
Long time Brova! Got you message on FB, but the kids man... my kids run wild all day.
CAN'T WAIT TO MOVE FROM MIAMI I LOVE MY CITY BUT NOT CRIMES AND VIOLENCE THAT'S IN IT
My girlfriends and I are getting together for a quilting bee, but we're replacing the quilt with a film.
Savory meat boosts business savvy 35 points RT : Hey sōsh team meeting on ur patio @ 3PM > cool?
Green jobs available/www.ecoemploy.com
AP has called the Democratic race for governor for Tom Barrett. The rematch is on.
Thanks, you a ninja!
It is too damn hot out
: you guys seriously can't be planning on protesting the Arizona victims funerals... What would it take to get u to not do it?
My car is running so great now! :)
try to always wear contacts after makeup, have you tried that?
I'm teaching Mysore this morning and #yoga workshop this afternoon
Australia. Gold Coast. GCF. Ketchup. Unicorns. Turtles. Cereal. Chocolate. Eva Longoria. Toothpaste. Mouthwash.
Bonfire at my place friday!(:
What is the line between mosaic theory of gathering information and insider trading?
Thanks! And a belated congrats on your pregnancy! I liked your status, but I don't think I commented. E will be a great big sis!
Email sent!
but clay matthews gets fined 5000 for yellow cleats English
OH, bend it over make it touch ur toes :)
Weather like Hawaii -- we've got the clothes for the occasion -- come on up -- here 'til 7 PM
Would love to get to Indpls for a radio Interview. What would it take?
Will be giving away a ticket every week until film festival starts. Keep your eyes opened and your fingers ready to type!
My problem is i get attached to people to fast and in some form they just leave you there to figure it out by yourself
follow our official account :) we also follow back on that one too.
chicken wings
should follow me:) im mahomie for life:)
Idk about my actions of the past all I can do is look toward the future
I read their profile carefully, try to figure out what their intent is and probably accept. If they pitch me, I disconnect.
Second coffee run of the day. Is the planet shaking or is it just me?
Louis CK is too funny. Too bad I don't have FX.
My sister is so mean in the morning . I just got punched in the face.... She is 7....
Giveaway! 4 tix to the Milwaukee Admirals game & Craig Morgan concert. Game starts at 7 concert is right after. Tweet us!
all mankind is of one author, and is one volume; when one man dies, one chapter is not torn out of the book.
it's official! In June I will be Special Collections/Archives Librarian at Trinity University in San Antonio, TX!!
Glad you like it. We agree. That offense could be ridiculous next season with all of those weapons...
Checkout Meech Dogg single JUICED UP on youtube an gett JUICED UP with Meech Dogg...
email me.
Lord R Kelly thinks I'm following him. Trust me I'm not! I'm just directionally challenged
When's the release date? Anxious to hear it!
is flirting something you just do or can you be taught it cause if it can I need to be taught it!
Doug e fresh
And the name of the coffee club is????
Congratulations! I'm excited to try Tahoe on S3.
Listening to #breakdown. I promise when a song comes from the heart....you know it, you feel it.
The google chrome commercial is so cute!
So excited to volunteer at Houston Food Bank next week! This is something I've always wanted to do and finally have the time! : )
Don't forget to live before you die.
When are we doing lunch/coffee next??!!
Teens who participate in community service programs do better in schools, life.
To the film room!!
#usguys Thanks Mark! Really looking forward to participating in this community. All the best!
ladies love me... yea, shawty mane is back! Oh yea!
yeah I used to live there and I miss it! how long are you there for?
Investing could be in property or stocks a teacher suggested invest in utilities he believed it most stable stock option
I bet it's doing wonders for your soul!
wow didnt knw u were out here
Thanks for the follow, Nikhil
Next week i'll be back in L.A.! On wed @ ECCO, on thu @ Chateau Marmont (Gen Lux Magazine party), on fri @ Confidential
What a day. I've never seen severe weather like. It was like dozens of tornados dropped from the sky in four hours.
Sad to see Mr. Jobs go, #apple won't be the same for a little while. Who is going to rock the turtleneck and levi's!?
How will i know? Rip whitney :(
Do you prefer to exercise inside at a gym or outside in the fresh air & natural environment?
got it..
hahaha you must be bored.
happy mother's day to everyone
amen David! <3
Oh my...its finally Friday!!!
Definitely. I'm trying to make my peers more aware of that!
Thanks, Jen!
good luck filling it. I know where I would want to work if I was an awesome product manager
i love you.
you're perfect..
you read my blog?
Moves like Jagger should never be confused with Moves from Jäger
All I want to do is eat and sleep.
Liaise is a pretty sexy word, isn't it? Altho if you asked someone you wanted to liaise with them, what would they say? Aw yeah, maybe?
Invest in your own gym equipment. They're cheaper in the long run.
That was a great opening
Great rehearsal with Chris Zimmerman on Mahler No.2. Hear it live May 14 & 15. See fairfaxchoralsociety.org
Thanks for the re-following.
“The universal truth is beyond question – the only people who excel are those who have decided to do so.” ~ Seth Godin via:
😂RT : Dear men that are not full blown European, times that it's cool to wear white pants: Diddy's white party. Thats it.
I'm mad not following me I thought we were cool
Lord, bless our week. Life is short, help us to live every moment with enthusiasm
I am happy to be a jogging partner if you ever want one (with the caveat that I am slow and likely to stop for pastry)
now that's #humor “ RT : RT : How do witches spend Friday the 13th? / Drinking your hubby's brew! / Got ipecac?”
. says city can save $7.4 million w/ IT outsourcing over next 5 years. Promises all jobs onshore. Story to come.
Do you know #valencia has a lot of amazing #productdesigners? check it out on the latest www.fromspainmagazine.com .
Enough with Kardashians Bruce was an American hero they turned him into a weak joke he's not even a man anymore
Lombardi once said, “If you can accept losing, you can't win.” That’s why my #Packers are undefeated! Keep it up,
#Loex2012 Meet & Greet, socialize, party, host, party, play, invite, create, shake $,collaborate, teach,assess, advocate
amtak-ing it up to NYC with dev for a 24-hour visit...stocked up on movies, coffee and snacks. wish you were here, !
Trust me Gasol and Bynum deserve criticism Bottom line "Coach" gets the best game out of his players!
Making my work night fly by with these funny tweets! I'm a big fan!
49 signatures! Lets keep this going! Sign our petition so that we can all enjoy the nice weather and Wi-fi on the front lawn after break!
Katherine McPhee is pretty, but has as much charisma as a glass of water.
Come see me every other day.
Not quite what I ought 2 be,, not what i want 2 be, not yet what I hope 2 be, but THANK GOD I'm not what I used 2 b!!”
The tweet I just saw >>> Hahahahahaa.
Great input on #lrncampphx w/ this morning. Thx all.
which one
Just had heated debate about Wikipedia with room full of historians. Thanks for playing along Anne Ward @
About to watch The #Descendants. Isn't George Clooney so dreamy?!
i hate ricky he went from worst driver and alway wreck every week and jack gave him a 2nd chance and he like damn good, but talent driver
: Tell us your location AND describe a woman in history you admire to win!: San Francisco. My woman in history: Marie Curie.
I have been able to follow my death step by step and now my life goes gently to its end. - Pope John XXIII
pass the insta from da left hand side! Pass the insta from da left hand side!!
On another note.. Today is #Fantabuloso3 by and im EXCITED!! But 1st i gotta run the Sox game on
Do your thing tonight,Sherri:)
why did they suspend you?
Cant sleep cant stop workn Happiness is the key!!!!!
My favorite part of Node.js is not using it. Can't wait until that's also my favorite part of MongoDB.
Thanks for calling me at 2am to encourage me to push through the night. Suddenly very homesick for my best friend.
If you're looking for a new place to go tonight, check out Hughes Hangar and head back to the speakeasy days
LEMME ASK, I NEED TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT FAT CATS NOW!
Ah, it was the green pepper I saw. Sounds tasty none the less.
I miss you too Payto.
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Precision...Creates Energy."
Tee off at OVS' Annual Golf Tournament at Bear's Best Golf Course in Suwanee on Monday, August 30. Call Brad Ladden, 404-842-2457 for info.
Start the New Year right! Add massage therapy to your wellness routine to help boost your immune system.
This is my life and I've rocked it since 1992.
. Follow Me And Ifollow Yu Back .
Good luck to , , and everyone at the at #SXSW this week! #Milwaukee really DOES have a lot of talent!
can the Bills get competitive this year?
but strippers are better (; *me&you yoville strippers* LOLOLOLomg
I need help ASAP. How and where can i get tix to the midnight premeire of the Hunger Games!?
Lol thus building... Do you hear the sound of the three... idk annoyants??
This is some complex shit.
who's the boo these days Ry?
Nice work sir!
RT : #ff They'll eat a whole vat of string beans for u. Except that 1 girl, she doesn't put anything in her mouth
Who needs substance? :)) We're talking entertainment here. Whatever entertains works, right?
sounds like a plan! 👍
“: took a week off but came back to like i never left ” < #RockyWoodard !!!
Eaah , it was super cold thou :p
well said.
#Conan is the best medicine.
Economic growth linked to education, research, and infrastructure. Virtual Research Facilities leading the way in these areas
Anyone wanna come to the mall with me? :]
You are gonna sign back up with us right? :-(
Thanks for the mention, Country!
We're at the Central forum on LGBTQ Issues! Hosted by 's LGBTQ Commission.
Smfh it's a huge turn off.. Nobody wants to date a thug ass bitch
As a Duck fan, I am not worried about BB running the O, Chip can prep a QB....I am more worried about WHY DT is leaving!
Well, my temporary metal dental appliance didn't set off any alarms on the full body scanner. Whew!
yeah u have to let me borrow that
help me trend thus.Thanks. Please RT: LastHoranWednesdayof2011
war of the worlds.
Lousy #smarch weather
the LTR girls have a bet going. Is Rob cut or uncut? Some have questions about Jackson too.
So im high and hungry and my mom decides to cook liver -___-
sounds like a plan :)
I want a p-rail
Bobby V manager of the year.
I took a shit in a public restroom for the first time in more than a decade today. It didn't help me run any better at poker though.
Many Men wish death upon me. Dog I dont cry no more. Dont look to the sky no more. Have mercy on me have mercy on my soul...
TEXTING MY DAD "OMGOMG" AND HIM THINKING SOMETHING HAPPENED. AND THEN SENDING HIM A PICTURE OF JUSTIN'S TWEET
and your beautiful blue eyes 💗💋
#TNedu lags behind all surrounding states except AL, MS -
Inadvrtntly made "kissy" noises at a scary man alone in his truck at 1am. A not-scary cat was on the hood & I didnt see man until too late.
Hello, how was everyones day?..
Excuse me but we all can't graduate from Samuel L. Banks
to admit Kobe went ham and is still the best closer... But he could of got his team more involved and not missed those shots..
RT : “: What was your favorite mistake?” Showing up a day early for my China Beach audition. It helped you getthe part?
is an important part of black comedy history!!
Hunger games was fucking amazing. !!!!!!! Ashdjandkakamaj 😍😍😍😍
stop dat! He said not to!
Anyone else have a #guessjacksscore to throw out?
DineEquity Names PepsiCo Exclusive Beverage Provider
I was KNOCKED by the time u sent this...Good mornin doe..!
Looks like our hash tag for this panel has changed.
The vote in North Carolina makes me sick. So sad that love can't be open for everyone.
Gotta go now, finish report cards & go to sleep~take care~talk to u tmrw : )
did u let the kiddies play n the snow
Failed first grammar test and then I failed the retake... 53% the first time 56% the second time... I hate grammar
ah he should've said something! Go Pacers!
And I'm gonna go home now, k?
Fuck I can't sleep..
“: Don Draper’s drink order being “big and brown.” #TFM”
gotta head to Play again. Work never ends :)
i use the same tone of attitude for people i really like and really dont like. try to figure me out, i dare you. ^__^
Just saw Jaheim up close n personal. That negro looks like hes been hitting the pipe. Nina doesn't like skinny negros.
hi Ann Marie thank you! He seems to be recuperating. Had 99% blockage in 1 & 90% in the other! Freaked my sister right out!
RT : WOW! So damn glad I found this page ═══> <═══ Best tweets, quotes, and inspirational words! I LOVE IT!
That's why I love my home boys
haha those were next on my list! although bowling i could do in my spare time for extra cash and to create a name for myself
Heard on : Americans produce more trash than any other Westerners. Are Austinites different? What do you do to decrease waste?
Getting ready, about to jump in the shower. Family brunch today celebrating all the mom's in my family for mothers day. It's a tradition :)
Oh no
base god nigga
With a possible "double dip"recession around the corner, now's the time for a real jobs program! Rebuild roads &bridges, boost green energy!
and you do?? why are you so concerned about money other people make? pls don't try to take this fake moral high ground...
And in the year 2012c.e., God saw that everyone was too damn busy, so God created an 8th day of the week: Extryday.
Nick Cave! Please to come out on stage for me. Thank you.
DEFINITELY Karou from Daughter of Smoke & Bone. I'd want her to show me Prague.
Sounds like someone I need to listen to :)
so sweet!
Is this person a professional athlete?
Lets show some love #BBN! Let him know how much we would love to see him in a UK uniform!
looking forward to meeting Frank Tardif, is that date scheduled yet?
How's Michael gonna escape Hoth by himself? And when will Wallace shoot somebody down? And Bubbles is a mechanic now??
Ooh is live tweeting a tour of #fireiceexhibit right now!
My mama just asked me do i need more money. um i mean sure why not ?!!!! :-D
Bielema and Hammock gave Gordon 30 carries to see how he responded to the workload; 'he actually got better as the game went on'
wow!! what a weekend.. Best part my buddy Matt and his new wifey Taylor are now a married couple. going to sleep much needed.
We'll also be announcing the shipper of our 4,000,000th document and winner of $500...soon!
This Sat. we'll rock it out at Marion 10-1-come to pull, #plant, & paint w us! RSVP to if you wanna attend or
Just had my first Five Guys burger. Pretty good.
I don't deserve his shit .. fr I know I can do better .. I'm off him .. off that ..
Real quote from client today "You guys hit it out of the park. I can’t get my team to sit down. Our accountant is more excited than anyone!"
Stuck in the plane for the last one hour on the Tarmac :( Come on get us in the air already!
Sent beats!!
I'm good hbu and lol okay
FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts says he is strongly leaning toward calling the mayoral race for Jefferson Smith.
technically, every sunset IS a sunrise, because it's rising in another part of the world. :)
you were in the cape tourney with me. i'm out:( ...aw:( still in fusilier.
for pay?
Painted on abs... nice one, Shaq. Barkley should've added some spray-on chest hair.
Drums=my life
Haha. I love to hear that!!
#takingatest placement test for strake with a bunch of others
Anyone in LA, I'll be showing a short film and doing some standup tonight at The Improv Lab 8162 Melrose Ave. at 8:30!
never a problem :)
Fun time playing contemporary church service this morning at Minnehaha Methodist in Minneapolis. Blues Sunday! Ray Charles, Keb Mo, etc.
you better;) you too james!
Getting ready for InfusionCon day 3. What an awesome 3 days.
Earth: Making Of A Planet. Natgeo. Fascinating.
check your direct messages:)
Working on the social media aspect of my cookbook project. Realizing how exhilarated I feel. Need to focus on writing...lol
Of all things I could forget on the SoL date.I forget my laptop.I kind of need that.
Can't believe I'm going to be in Europe in a little over a month!!! A trip of a lifetime!! :)
made the pcwest basketball team (:
I don't like where this is going
seen a lot smaller!!
Don't spend today mad about yesterday
thank you so much
Apparently Gordon Biersch is a 49ers bar? Who knew. Guess I'm the lone Bears fan that's gonna piss the place off. I love it.
nvm not messing with that
Update for followers~We are holding deal launch as it is unknown how long until software is fixed, so no posts/contests until we know more!
- Hey Scott, where have you seen the best implementation of learning analytics?
Can't wait to see #Duets #teamkelly !!!
then I realized #QCMerge is over and I won't be seeing you today. Bo!
so you werent able to get tickets yet?
RT to kill battery. RT : My phone is dying!!!! x_x
When taking out more than one dog at a time who gets the leash first? The most calm and submissive one
At a sweet sixteen. Theme song moment for life by nikki minaj.need i say anymore
Ahem, yes. Hard to find, but yes.
Watch Lord of the Flies in govrmt
We completely agree! #UMW is full of great minds!
great to have you here!
Passing through Louisville, hello again haha
Dang Bradly Perry has gotten cuter! :D
TX doll face!
I used to be addicted to this site,I can feel me slowly getting addicted again,haha,now to hopefully build my followers back up again... lol
I really don't like applesauce.
My nephew is in Chop right now and going to be in there all week.
1 choice can turn your life around drastically in a good way or bad way think before reacting!
is it a new Supah Ninjas Friday or Saturday? So I can bake the must awesomest cupcakes for the party.
S/O to all my new followers..thanks for following me.. thats why I always follow back (:
There you go making my heart beat again.
New Music from me Chris Keith coming soon!!!#2RealEnt!!!
RT : agreed! We need to teach our students how to authentically reflect on their work.
Done with first sleep. Hungry. Second sleep coming soon...
If #Baltimore is trying to be a 'green' city, why does the city government have a $890,000 contract for "Toner and Ink Cartridges?"
Now its working. Ok Does that do the trick for you? Haha
Nice logo!
enhanced broadcast is way text heavy. I'm having a hard time reading and listening.
Deleting music and contacts out of my phone :)
thanks girl! When's season 2 of football wives?! Favorite show
You are very kind. He was honorable, beloved by his wife & sons, and well respected. All that a man can hope for in life.
I'm a nervous wreck!
I cannot believe you disqualified for THAT, !
Clarification is key. RT Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers
. What Southern English is, origins, variations, implications- Ch 3 in Understanding English Language Variation in US Schools
Happy new year everyone!
beach today with my mom and hopefully my boo ... 💙
Everyone is so #boss on this eurythmics quiz today #2against5?
Great call you just screwed The Miz!!!
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me. ~Song title by Jimmy Buffet
Just booked our 1st Leaving 2/20 outta Miami FABULOUS deal! Celebrating hubs bday & "no more brain tumor" almost 1yr! YIPPEE
Yup u do she adorable!
Boxing gave me the opportunities to grow into the person that I am today. Alexis Arguello
ignited? Did I say that?
some old man just told me off all because i cutt him off :(
I'm here for you bff!
Dear Bo Ryan: If you're only going to play seven guys today, Rob Wilson probably has no business being one of them.
K-Love<3
would anyone like a shoutout ? :D im in the mood for $h ! (:
oh ok that funny. Prob not the best for you but it is interesting info lol. you cant move seats
Hi! Did you get Welch's commemorative Red Sox bottle? Would love to connect about Red Sox Nation attempting World Record Fri
rt if Rice University were a person, I would punch it in the face. I am embarrassed, and I will never support you again.
Something I learned tonight don't trust anyone but myself...some people are so selfish and rude! Fuck
#Walker Maps Road to "Interstate" 41. Is their any doubt, this project will go to one of his top corporate donors
Who! I'll put you on the list and let you know...it's be sometime in June I think...
Nap time!!
trust me, so I can trust you. Hold my hand so I could hold your hand and do not forget to hug me so I can't let you go
TV news on mute, downloading an app onto my iPad, waiting for a call on my smartphone, typing this on a laptop.
We still need some kickin graphics for DCWiki. Especially an avatar for this account... the bug-eyed thing is starting to creep me out.
yeah, pretty sneaky (;
Highly educated out of history I have come, that Woody Guthrie painting is amazing. I am very excited for centennial events.
Heart attacks... God's revenge for eating his little animal friends..Dump the meat..Go Vegan!!
Yeah, I got one.
Does that article mention that it's written by a guy who runs a for profit, sports themed, novelty t-shirt business?
Anyone know the Top 10 reason's why you don't need Life Insurance?
I will! I used a vanilla flavored one and added some vanilla extract. We shall see.
Wearing my pink power ranger shirt today.
I hate having to make dinner reservations over the phone. Thus I have been putting off calling this restaurant for #ala12 dinner for a week.
Listening to how ABs can be better taught in FYW. What do we ask students to do when we ask them to write an AB?
Mother's Day Tea Party–Sun, May13, 1130am-1230pm $5 -Celebrate our park's history & enjoy high tea. Reg reqd by May10.
The drama the media is going to make of this next series after that Metta bow to Harden....
Weequahic Park Upper/Lower Clinton Hills and Dayton Episcopal Community Development Inc. 620 Clinton Avenue, Newark, NJ May 16th (Wednesday)
June 1st ;) 4 days before #Paradise comes out :D
😭😭😠 every time my folks go outta town I wind up LOOKIN dead cause I can't sleep without em here 😔
Welcome back to the land of gorgeous weather!
capacity is only as big or small as what its used for, 32GB is usually enough for average use
interesting shout. Theo is so one dimensional, could be Ox on one flank and Johnson as back up for either.
why does today seem like it should be monday? ugh
MT RT "if there's an #occupyoakland raid, some police agencies are refusing to help OPD"
I'm suffering without you
#sschat, If students all demonstrate mastery than what? We are told to grade tougher, without any ideas for how to do that.
The state of North Carolina produces a ton of high school basketball talent.
My grandfathers and my cousin Rachel will sleep in my house tonight. Where I'll sleep? 🌊
there is no forgiveness for me :p
Also, who is this 'Bessie'? She sounds fabulous.
Dont even know what you're worth Everywhere u go they stop & stare Cause you're bad & it shows From your head to your toes Out of control
A turkey wrap just saved my life. Ready for afternoon hustle &
The elbow Meta World Peace threw yesterday is just another example of a guy not living up to his name.
I use to feel bad for homeless people until today. Most of em in Chicago are crackheads.
btw who hates Michael Jordan?
I know, they worship the ground Philip n josh walk on
I want that moment back, I wanna take it all back & restart.... I just want a miracle....
DENNYS TONIGHT. IT'S BEEN TOO FUCKING LONG
Boom! Thanks ! It is less of a clone and more of a companion. :D
ping pong and puppies at work! Champagne and cupcakes in a bit. Creature fridays are pretty hip.
amanda call me!!! :)
There is a limit to what I can do, but there is no limit to what God can do! Believe.
Black girls have the worst attitude ever>>>> i wonder why though....wtf is yall problem!!!!
this shit right here this shit this is a love seat I cnt even sit on it if I aint in love omg
"Keep breathing.... stay alive..... who knows what the tide can bring?" - Chuck Nolan in "Cast Away".
See I'm not trick you play I'm wired a different way I'm not a mistake I'm not a fake, it's set in my DNA #icantbetamed”
so snark gets me banned? Awesome.
i didn't know she still does music lol
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
Only 2 More BOOJUM performances!!! Don't Miss It!!! www.tinyurl.com/boojumchi
I want to
8 Mile and then Get Rich or Die Tryin >>>>>>
Drug affected baby. -_-
lmao. people really be going in on celebs.
If I'm ever given the chance to change my name legally, i'll change it to Amanda Rollercoaster-Of-Life.
Thanx for the RT. Looking forward to learning from Lou Bortone about video marketing
Woo! Wear 'em with pride!
Sometimes... I really wish I could punch these immature little brats on my bus for being mean and picking on everybody. Must Remain Calm...
no doubt bro u already know what it iz
A man with a perm and a ponytail slightly longer than mine is trying to convince me we need to date bc I have pretty feet. Oh, Detroit.
lol nice... wat did you dream?
Want to learn some Mambo Shuffle & M Bop? Join us here at Revolver from 8:15-9pm to learn for free! Always a fun time w/ our instructor!
I know--stunning!
My #ThoughtsWhileRunning are... hahahaha that's a joke, I don't run!
Korn's least metal album of their career wins "album of the year"
I think you're talking about Marco? I was responding about Yuni
We had Consuella for a waiter at lunch today... Bhahahah
of course!!!
That's cute
Laundry, resting tummy, more laundry resting again, cleaning, resting, etc.
Looking for a 1990-95 Bobst SP102 to buy, under $150,000. If you have one for sale, email .
- shidd when I get at ride to the Southside im on the eastside right now
thank you, Patrick!! So very kind of you :)
pass me 3
Sexy Ugly! Hot Mess!
Has a gator in one of our ponds. Scary!!!
Did you catch the double entendre in that last tweet? I'm so naughty.
RIP Leslie Nielsen and Irvin Kershner. Who's number 3?
i love my stepdaddy fr fr.
SUPERDRAFT has formed a partnership with an iconic media brand...details coming soon.
L= c/t x E - means that Learning (L) is any Change (c) that occurs over Time (t) as a result or product (x) of Experience (E). - itsjustme
Just because a band/artist doesn't sing the genre you like, doesn't mean they are talentless.
Join Sr. Evaluator 4 the National Science Foundation & U.S. Dept of Edu, & Founder of IDEA Lab, Matthew Champagne, PhD @ AIR Forum May 23.
It takes money to make money. #factsoflife 💰
what did expect from the PNW crew Matt? How did my boy Jay do?
oh fun fun!! How come? :]
who are you?
Reyes was safe . That umpire wasn't even in position .
This Friday the 13th, join us at Sean O' Callaghan's for a boondoggle of mind-boggling soul joggling.
went around 7:30 tonight. we were first in line & took 5 minutes. As it got later it got more crowded.
RT : It is most important to note that not all autistic people are the same.
you do understand what happened to Irene right? They tell in the end, which was planned from a storytelling angle...
: Love what you do, keep going!
Just bought $DMD
Thanks...but there was no skill involved. Pure luck :) RT : nice job Anna!
... This is the weekend to break the slump.
Mike that was not if best look LMFAO
I forgot to stop following you since u ain't wit the Defending #SB46CHAMPS #NYGIANTS thanks for ur service.
My phone didn't ring much today wow
yes we made extra. Lots to munch on.
yeah its difficult for you. haha. im ust a lazy ass at times.
Having some food, aching after working out. What are you all upto?
I need to go now ladies..talk to u soon :) see yah love u all <3
#Trick you can be mad and I #Will get the last laugh
Love -ALWAYS supporting!! You rock!!
Happy birthday s/o to the greatest aunt out there! I love you! 🌻🌺🎉🎁
Drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green.
Tout est pardonné!
Oh my Gosh. I haven't been on Twitter for so freaking long! :o ... But GooodMorning!(:
Camara says they are considering a lawsuit over the lines
*Leaves dermatologist's office, goes tanning.
The real jewels in life are your Family and Friends.
Is Given me #everythingINeed tonight! Thank you Sasha Thank you so much!
That's bold! We like it.
morning love :) you were AMAZING last night, y'all KILLED that stage. <3 it would make my day if you followed me <3
why would someone want to remake
Reviewing script for am audition!
TIP: Poker cards & chips are dirtier and contain more germs than your toilet seat. Try not to touch any cavities when playing live poker.
Happy new year friends!! :)
I have to tie die to shirts.Luck
NL dominates. home field secured. #sfgiants repeat. lets get it
Bowling withdrawals.....no league for 2 weeks. Practice time!
I heard Tony Stark is taken and Captain America is in love with his career...
great find...
Exactly. One day a week, one meal a week and only for the summer.
Don't ever listen to anything has to say, his nana likes to take her wig off when she's drunk
Love the Huevos Rancheros! RT : We set the standard for excellence. Check in at Weck's today and make your followers jealous.
uuhhhhh are u guys really going to this???
I need 30 more! Help a sista out!
I love that song!
I solemnly vow to never drink Narraganset beer again. It's terrible, and I refuse to be a person that pretends to even remotely enjoy it.
Proud to be supporting this today! RT : It's today. #DineOut to
Just had aces over kings. Up to 10k.
happens to me everyday :)
Im loving my life no stress
Felt the #hungergames movie, even though left out some key points, did a fine job! Do you agree?
Hi! Miss you!
This truly has been A (Wonderful) Day for Meta House. Thanks so much for all of your support and tweets!
Electrolux Q1 core profit tops forecasts, keeps outlook
“: Please give a warm Twitter welcome & follow to catcher "
Well done, Colin Firth. Outstanding performance and the most delightful acceptance speech of the night.
that stadium is a bit much. Fish tanks? Really?
nature's way, unfortunately
..have worked IF the local communities took advantage of Act 10. WI's fiscal house is finally in order. He took on a tough issue head-on.
you use fb now ? Yes pancho attacked me :/
want to know what to expect from certain #castingdirectors? read their reviews!
Join Alan and Lita Blake and the one and only FANTASIA at the 28th annual UNCF Mayor's Masked Ball Dec. 18th, 2010.
i have a date friday lol.
tax day deals. McCormick and Schmick's dinner entrees slashed by four dollars. all diners will get a $10.40 certificate for future use.
Oh great! Now I have one of those right wing nut job Birthers that Arizona just LOVES following me. Argh! - FLAKE OFF (LOL!)
Absolutely! We were all glued to our TVs tonight! Thanks!
This girl ass in dtlr >>
Let's hop in this Chevy Nova and drive in some runs
Twardowski starred in some popular German movies & fled to avoid persecution for his homosexuality. He nigh exclusively played Nazis in USA.
I asked my wife which jersey she wanted.. why? Because he's cute! Lol...
oh, that asparagus dish at Septime sounds terrific. loved that restaurant!
I hate those days when he doesn't text back and all I can think is negative.
HAPPY FRIDAY!! RT if today is your favorite day!!!
Some people just don't learn, even wen they get hurt!!
NBA or NCAA?
Nope, Django. did the heavy lifting. Love it – between that and Rails I couldn't bear to go back to PHP/Wordpress now
Stage Combat Workshop tomorrow. Am I too old to wield weaponry? Hell no! My new actor goal: Find role for a kickass fiftysomething chick.
If you're interested in making 100 dollars per day without selling anything hit me up
Watching the Red Carpet of the Oscar's... hoping to see some fabulous hand-crafted accessories on these celebs.
May your feet only take the righteous path and your hands touch with the gentleness of our Lord and Savior. A blessed New Year to all...
I'll keep that in mind
I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to dance better than myself. -Mikhail Baryshnikov
Just realized I hadn't answered you yet. Forgive me, please. April, Vol. 8 is in the process of publication.
I just have the strangest impulses sometimes! I am not even done yet
Now that's hot. (;
Should you may build a business up large enough, it is respectable.
lolol I remember that. We gotta chill sometime niglet
heard wolfe interview on 102.3. reminded me of lyle alzado (enthusiastic). hope he plays like lyle
I hate Kobe but I don't hate his game
My Check Engine Light Coming On <<<
haha! half of your face looks kinda old! :D
ha. same here. I'm fickle with music, but K.R.I.T. gets play almost every day.
Have fun in Disney country.
Haha. Want anything from McDonald's? I feel guilty.
Not sure why some of my tweets are sent out a day later.
Ask me to follow eyou and I'll get to it later. Promise!!!!!<3 If you want to see more of my tweets follow my personal; <3
busy here. Just started full-time at NARA & doing a field study @ U of Baltimore library. Coffee sounds like a good idea.
En route to Fontana.
Awesome! Please send along. So glad to have another friend at Knight.
thanks for following! Hope you find some helpful info here!
Ladies: Everything is a stepping stone. Everything is a tool. Get what you want & need! Awake your God-given Power RT
Alfredo F. is stalking me today, obviously.
The more I keep learning about neuroscience and memories.. the more afraid I get that my memories are fading and they aren't real anyway.
If you do not succeed in fascinating your customer, your product will fail. And if that happens, you fail too.
Garlic does wonders for the body
Lucky Lil SOB he is!
RIP MCA. Your genius and love of true hip hop will be missed dearly.
Hopes my baby feels better soon. I love you the mostest! XoXoXo.
What are 'things I'll never say in October'?
RT : H.R. 3848 still gaining attn Thanks newest cosponsors:
Just sent rough sketches of my tattoo to the artist to see if it needs to be altered to look better as a tattoo. Super nervous.
thank you thank you!
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dear parents suing #Apple for racking up high app bills... learn how to parent ur children or keep ur password from them. Not rocket science
NEXT WEEK: Nameless Sound & the Menil Collection present John Butcher (UK) and Joe McPhee (New York) at Richmond Hall, The Menil Collection
ya ill dm you
You know what? I don't disagree with you at all.
hey cherry hit dm in 2secs
THE GREATEST DVD EVER IS HERE "The Best Power Hour DVD" Drink a Beer With Homer Simpson and watch the best movie scenes on www.flipcups.com
hm a guy named Matt Every is leading a #PGA event u dont see that name every day atop leader board
Sorry to hear that, Matt. Will the sabrage continue?
did you tell him that he should have gone with his gut and folded?
Why is tumblr down ? #ah :(
This stomach growling tho....I need food!!!!
In a yoga state of mind
my phone does that sometimes
“I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match." -Mia Hamm
They are great. They are still never allowed to go to Vancouver though. Raging Canucks fans.
If Juan Pablo Montoya can be this destructive, just wait until Travis Pastrana enters the scene in April!
Fuck Ringgold!!! I hate EVERYONE in that damn school!!! I wanna go to cyber school!!
Happy New Year!!!!
good morning sunshine!
I miss my snacks and twins
Damn! I thought she meant the other kind of crabs.
just met up with Brando- who is the angel that sold us our tickets??!
you should become a comedian ^__^
sometimes it is much better to watch the foreign commentary. French was much more complementary.
End of the month is always the busiest... and most challenging. Just the way I like it!
Holy Shit #poundthealarm came on! Tearing up the floor.
Come in for the craziest time of your life,you never know what these girls will do next!We got a house full of beautiful Honeys waiting for
Now follow the beauty
Just finished watching the 1 hour and 30 minute Avatar series finale, some intense shit
rehearsing my set for 4/26 at
Didn't get the link for the event.Please send when you have a sec. Thanks!
2014 LB Clifton Garrett from Joliet (Ill.) had a busy day today - #MichiganState, #BallState and #BowlingGreen all stopped to see him.
My friend on the way...cool
Tweet me a number & a question, & I will tell you which IB. (:
RT Had my fun now back to the money ;)
Startup success is more or less based on hard work. Usually more. /via
But don't you think he was madder when he found out Carol Anne was sucked into the television?
Haven't even launched yet and already got my first client. :-)
yes they do!
Kurt Bush just got a huge stripe!
How was your #gf stuffing ?? :)
ugh. I'm pretty sure that's "comic sans.". It was hurting my eyes as well
follow me :)?
But it turns out making rice krispies treats IS like muscle memory-- comes right back, even if you haven't made them in 20 years.
Thanks for the LOVE!
It is so good to see you back on here. I was worried sick and your little brother wasn't telling any of us a whole lot.<3<3
You are as useless as the "h" in yeah
President will be live on today from 12-1pm. Stay tuned to learn more about the May 20 festival. Only a week away
pretty sure tony cleve was just outside on the path......
Foster the People will be doing "Ticket to Ride" shortly.
half? Is this a baseball term?
ahha you didnt have to do that!
Don't worry your nightmares aren't going to happen, your name is already on VIP lists for your visit.
gosh darn it....i thought #RaiseYourVoice was trending because the movie with hilary duff was on.........................
Details, details. Lets not get caught up in little things like "words".
Brains over beauty.
I love my family they are a great support team 👏👏👏👏👏
lol if you really want.
I'm glad so many people on Twitter can make good money from home!
Good morning!!
Oh well. Good game.
you too, its double for u this year. :)
#NoManShouldEver say he's too manly for a chick flick
That's 7 kids in almost 7 months!! Imagine what we could do with some serious financing!!
Today I went to a McDonalds around times square, there was no dollar menu. MLINY
Miss u all already! RT : Sad to think I won't be interning at anymore, but thank you for the amazing experience!
crazy amount of stuff to do tonight! #workout #paintnails #runerrands. this is when i miss my college schedule.
At least someone is making an adjustment, come on Badgers. You awake Bret?
Thankx for the follow back beautiful... I appreciate it chica!!
Can't wait until I'm 50. Then I'll be able to date women in my age group.
Did you know that Captain D's sell a large bag of ice for 1 dollar??....... we bet the ice is deep fried....
to all of our new followers, we love you #foreverandafter ;) help spread the word about us on here and be sure to Like us on FB! <3
Y people r rushing to be in love?? :T
come get some fresh vegan donuts from Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery !!!
it's like starring in your own car commercial.
What I learned yesterday...Lionel Richie is from Alabama. Now to figure out how to get him on a #library #billboard. hm....
It's a great turn out for our Meet & Greet tonight. Thanks to Milliman for hosting
RT : “ I'd quickly give my freedom to be held in your captivity.”India arie!" yes girl yes*
dehydrated & drinking again in 3 hours
I can't get my new tv to show pictures. Oh well, back to watching tv on my computer.
With Fisher shooting the way he is for the #Thunder and his infamous past with the #Lakers, Im considering this 4v6 in the floor.
*FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER*
I figured that one out :) let's be looking for another time.
I just want it all
great meeting with the great Ed McMasters today Looking forward to spreading word re:channel 411 together!
Wanna enter the style spotlight? Email us a photo of your most fashionable outfit to get featured on our website!
Good morning. Make today count. Let's go!!!
I wanna be gazed
Cheesecake Factory!! #whattoorder ?!
Excited to begin a little stint at starting Monday! Hello Northern VA, hope you've missed me!
buying groceries at CVS
So you talk to me couple days then ignore me then talk couple days then ignore me...
I've been quite alright, just really busy...how's everything down under?
Proud of for using proper grammar in all his tweets tonight :)
In Gainesville for the ADBC HUB meeting
July is over and still a lot of Low/Mid level D1 caliber 2012s from Wis still available...probably the state's deepest class in a long time!
Oh you work at the UFO?
Random Voices takes the stage to perform a song from Maroon Five.
Luke, I am your duck.
No will have to though ! Love pull up and push ups . Do them every workout !
RT : Hot Damn We Have Hopslam! Come grab a pint and chill out with the best Tuesday Jazz Jam in Columbus tonight, no cover
Is it sad that my dog is the only guy in my life?
Went to breakfast together, then the beach, where we had lunch and relaxed. haha then I was given a tour at a zoo nearby (:
Develop international scorecard to look at parl behavior and reforms
no doing the ladies fitness half in NYC!
Whitney you will b miss, RIP.. another talent. Singer we all have lost, Michael Jackson, Amy Winehouse, Etta James. I can keep going on. Etc
Its your fault !
Hi, I'm Bruce Hill, and I will be your comedian for the evening.
Friday and #philzcoffee!
email me at .gov Thank you
my condolences, my thoughts and prayers are with you.
Let's be a leader with sustainibility in the building code, not a laggard - Mayor Stanton
#WeWontWorkIf I never get to see you. The fuck?
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to following your tweets!
curious if you ever swing by Cincy to visit with Coach Cronin? If so would love to see if we could chat?
Considering mobile outreach? It takes 90 minutes for the avg person to reply to email. It takes 90 seconds to reply to a text message.
I thing wendyt isn't coming back on until august or september. I wonder if she will answer to the kind of questions she ask?
So angry at my snooze button...woke up a few minutes too late for my AM #bikramyoga :(
I went from hundreds to thousands
Is there a guy from Beaverton on there?
well, my brand new roof just survived its first hail storm. pea-sized hail here!
I'm glad you enjoyed it :) RT : Enjoying some GREAT #passover cakes courtesy of in the office this morning!
Too quiet around here. Missing my evil twin.
Mention "twitter Teeth Cleaning Special" at www.Dentistryofdelmar.com $49 for full x rays & cleaning! Call today (858) 793-7107
I want my other twitter!! This one sucks! I cant even see anything really! Uggh :( somebodyy tweet me! :) make my day! Lol
no problem :)
I dont see Phi rattling off three in a row. i wouldn't be too worried
Sometimes knowing things is harder then not knowing them. However, to find out something is almost worse. So I'll take knowing any day
Hello Dear! Thanks for the follow.. nice to meet you! :)
Thanks a bunch for the RT!
Sadly, no.
Who decided "fuck" was a bad word?
This child made up stories about holiday to hide the fact they were non-existent.
yhey r graffiti 6 - group from London... So add accent to that and BAMM! I'm done. Saw them last night - chills all over ...!!!
Making a new attempt at keeping up with this social media stuff
yes, parris. Its not gay if its your own. unless you imagine its someone's other than yours
23 days till my birthday! #cant wait
Flickr allows you to share really large size pics though.
yep you should deffinately come in tomorrow :)
its the band name abbreviation haha
Thanks. Sorry for my slow response. Lens replacement last week. One to go.
Twitter is like texting in public
My dear 94-year-old grandmother, whose house we have been living in for 8 months, passed away yesterday at 3 p.m. We will miss you, GG.
well hey there gorgeous!
Happy Thanksgiving! Enjoy!
aw, haha I hate the time differences because they always do stuff while I'm asleep/in school
I believe I have misspelled Pharaoh incorrectly at least 10 times today. A before o, a before o.
That seems like an inefficient way to retweet. Worried about a delete?
That drives me up the wall.
Indeed. “: "To live a life you have never had before, you must become someone you have never been before" -BH
thoughts on our initial logo???
Will Be Going Through Withdrawls w/o Me. I Feel It.
Thank god for getting in my car yesterday.
been a while since I read the books but I'm sure it's as punishment for rebelling or something!
Girl are ready to Glow in the Dark
i miss my
Setai rate avail till end of March, loads of great deals in NYC at the moment let us know your dates
Secretary-General: "Nonetheless, big challenges remain..."
waitaminute. medieval history degree + need web projects for portfolio = mucho ideas.
New plan less than half cost of original plan. Nerad, "It's more feasible and mindful of resources."
I hope my girlfriend gets better, and not be sick! And hopefully can go to the movies with me tomorrow c: see you tomorrow! <3
happiness often sneaks into a door that you did not think was open.
thanks! I've always had a love for the big city. Opportunity presented itself so we're going for it!
