A day to remember
strapped with 2 nines and they call me
Savings Tip - use laundry clips instead of bag clips you can find about 50 of them for $1 at dollar tree.
seems better than flatting a 3bet then jamming over a committing cbet with 33 on a QJ5 board. #wtfphil?
Lightening struck, we're down! RT : Oh, thunder!
same here
where can I get a push notification for the Peyton Decision?
when does school start back up for everyone?!
seriously, no US dates? not even a secret show?
please send good luck tweets to our #salyardsbengals for their STAAR tests next week! We are sharing the tweets with them!
Beer time at Fearless Brewing. Glocks, shotguns, and a sks were a blast to shoot.
I'm on page 25 of an RFP and still no description of the project.
We provide all the tech you need for trial: tablet/notebook,projectors,routers,printers, scanners,power & cabling,camera,video, & more!
By POPULAR DEMAND, we now carry Mendo Afgoo Wax, insanely potent! Bubba Kush Hash, Super Berry Queen Hash, Orange Kush Kief WEEDMAPS.com ;)
does that mean Louisville 3rd?
Still thinking about the impact of the Sean Bell case. Was honored to help tell his story. I thank all involved.
Oh! -going downstairs LOL-
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. Benjamin Franklin
for sure!
Any suggestions on Milwaukee Brewers gear I should get for my collection? Got 25+ jerseys, canvas prints, auto pics balls & bats, & 30+ hats
ha ha! Never fear! No hope of that! If I do, wil eat cake & regain :)
Happy Monday! I'm glad to get back in the swing of things after a long weekend. Enjoy!
Jesus music is good for the soul
1-0 win for the Timbers! Excellent result in the Cascadia Cup and playoff race.
My kryptonite? Being ignored! Throwing a temper tantrum now.... stomping feet... huffing and puffing...
Can't wait for that game to start!
Have a great day..
40 Food Trucks from throughout the State of Florida battling for 5 prestigious awards: Food Truck Wars March 31st Central Florida
I love old fashioned dating. Like going out to dinner at a fancy restaurant... Sometimes I wonder if girls miss that these days.
awww, you're just, the loveliest ♥
Just walked through my building tootin' a dog whistle, best stress relief I've had in awhile.. Who knew those things actually worked
Welcome back to Milwaukee Kirk...we've missed you.
regional media directing, cold calls, HDR, editing, project planning. there is no time to sleep or use a bathroom.
Np. Just making sure you got the e-mail.
O now it's on like a lonely chicks vibrator!
#SimonBorgThinks both Travon and Zimmerman are innocent...
is back... just wasnt his time.. lets go...
Or: Thinking third parties could ever work in first-past-the-post systems.
That "speaking of bullshit...oh, hey Dwight!" transition was beautiful.
two frozen thumbs up to the naughty valentine!!!
Gotta love paying French taxes when I don't even live there anymore. #Hollande better give me the right to vote! haha
it's literally a square of buildings that is surrounded by streets on all sides I LOVE NEW YORK
just downloaded it.
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! time to celebrate yet??!!
oops! We were supposed to have our first coaching session today at 2 PM hope everything is OK. Get in touch plz
Shout out to all of our brethren who have traveled to the Portland area. Show 'em the Blue Hell tomorrow night!
So you wouldn't do anything because there "is a point", see the contradiction? LOL!
Like I said.
NBC called it "boarding" *ahem*
Sorry! I can't Wed. We have a pharmacy librarian candidate here & I'm on assignment at 2. Would after spring break work?
Yes, my books are widely available. Harper's offering a special deal on EPIC FAIL (YA) right now--only 2.99 for the ebook version!
me too! RT ill still liove her if she is gay tbh
aw ok ok wat u doin tumarro fool u aint been fckn wit me or nun
Make sure to check your email! Our Newsletter featuring has been sent out!
sushi & wine homie let's go!!!!!
Emma Bunton feels the school run pressure - MadeForMums
Academia amazes me in its ability to make mundane things, like "making decisions," incredibly intricate.
In other news, SO excited to see Facebook Executive Steve Biddle tomorrow at the Cincinnati AdClub's luncheon!
Check out our website at recovery4autism.org for more information on our upcoming celebrity event.learn how to get involved how to attend.
Isn't that every day? :) RT : It's a green chile cheeseburger kind of day!
"It is sad not to love, but it is much sadder not to be able to love."
oh my gosh right? we are brutal to each other! lmao
BUT on the plus side, Toyota's idea of a loaner car is a brand new 2012 Camry Hybrid. The amount I don't deserve to drive it is maximum.
- good looking trailer. I'll want to see this film for sure! Best of luck!
Learning about social media at the IFA
Ashton would die.
let it be <3
You guys! I am so proud of myself. I just got home from the doctors and I have lost 8lbs in the last 5 weeks. Swaggy~~~
N don't get me wrong kobes one of my fav player just bring facts when u talk no one is a great last second shooter except for melo
Just had a 20 minute conversation with in the middle of Santa Monica Blvd. I love LA.
Emergency for a new phone charger, Pronto. 💋
well guess what I'm marrying josh hutcherson. too bad I only came within 500 feet of him this weekend.
bahhhhaaaa....well now you know :-) so how have u been?
Awesome! Happy Birthday :)
all I needed was a little push...now I'm excited :)
Sun Also Rises and Sheltering Sky.
Tweet me your favorite thing to do in Boston! Go!!
two reasons he went to brown and chewed out tom bradys ass on tv. People see brown as having education and chew out discipline
... after heels lose 2morrow u can write a human interest piece for about your bro-in-laws magic bracket :)
im very sorry to hear that.
finally got my #beats headphones today!!! :D they're so comfortable. Thank you!!!!
Skip your morning coffee and buy a lemonade instead! Amazing little girl changing the world one lemonade at a time!
The October Eight (plus 1)
uh-- that's pretty bad. Are you sure that this is the person you want administering drugs to someone and being responsible for care?
Why are people surprised at high rates of PPD when they want to shame moms into staying home to BF? Moms need to go out too..
The feeling is mutual :)
aww that sucks. but yeah dont watch it yet! hahaha, its worth the wait :D
May you days bloom like flowers every day
Great advice - thanks! RT : screaming time when you both scream and giggle, all other times are no scream time
likewise! you are a born leader and God is working!!!
Rich Rayburn of NARA on databases: they should "tease" the user with just enough information.
Too many Z's in the address, Bro - but your profile pic is awesome enough that I'll let it slide! =)
I know right! Seems like it's spinning into something more serious instead of being funny like it was before
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how much his smile makes me melt <3
Great movie. Some rumors parts of it were embellished.
Those days when you dont want to get up
Thanks for the follow and support
Not as sad as me finding out that Engelbert Humperdinck is the UK representative at Eurovision this year!!! (yes, I'm going)x
lol but shouldnt we wait for hornymahomie!??!?!? she told us to wait lol
does that mean your license has expired?
Who was the greatest president in American history? I would say George Washington because of what he didn't do
It's a good point. Hamilton needs to stop hitting home runs, start aiming for those gaps!
you know it!
I love you so much! <3
Well, through 6 #Oscars awards, I am only 50%... So, I could be wrong!
Hey everybody... PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE THANK YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME
thank you for letting you listeners discover the power of the arts it was a pleasure to join you this morning
against Nuggets?
I do not see your tweets often, but when I do I think they are the best and funiest on twitter and you make me smile.
did you stop following me Rachelle bobby Howard
I fucking miss the shit out of :(
what are your plans for next Thursday?
I've never tweeted like this before :O
Man...just heard about MCA. RIP man... Beastie Boys was my foray into this life... Paul Revere all night long.
Finally back to normal. Thank you, God.
They are taking away my phone for the screening of What To Expect When You're Expecting. Darn.
Girl: I have a question for you. Boy: Ok. Girl: What do you see when you look into my eyes? Boy: My future.
Ah, sadly not really. Anthology restored at least one of his films recently, so maybe you can cajole someone into renting a print!
Between that and abortion, we're extinct.
Great #VERGECON conference, ! Thanks for mentions
The best thing about fangirling is looking forward to something. (:
btw, you can't say no unless you have a really good reason. Hehe
Someone should take me to prom!
do it fast!!!
maybe... what kind of gardening data?
Loved the event last night! Looking forward to the rest of the WI Science Festival.
that's only cause I tweet you! Lol.
you did follow me?! Thank you thank you thank you :D
Nah! Just Let me borrow your folding bridge or car with pedestrian shovel and we'll call it even.
I miss texting the same person everyday and getting cute texts....ugh
The CTRE's Friday Faculty Fest was fantastic last week! Thanks to all who attended.
Just wanted to thank you for adding me to your #list for #socialmedia types :) Stay well! Talk soon!
There's no hope in dope.
TABLE-Long-term credit ratings for Kazakhstan banks
Just built computer with Intel's Sandy Bridge I7 2600k CPU. Wow, fast! Only 4 cores it still beat Intel's 980x 6 core CPU in some tests.
Does a gate have to open or is a gate something that defines space?
i really miss you.....
you gotta get married .. Which I mean is t too bad...
about 8 months ago I asked you for advice. I was just starting, no money,15, and spamming everywhere. I hit you up with that
Probably not. I'm not sure I can make NY - I took this term off from teaching and everything i$ tight. ;)
lmao....NO MORE FOR ME!!
Letting go of everything I've been holding onto.
"Just invented the word “bro-ner.” Still working on the definition. - "
yea they're loads of fun!
wait u gonna unfriend me on fb? (checks behind couch) (checks osamas crib) (checks doras backpack) nope still cnt find a fuk 2 give! \(-_-)/
that's awesome, I wish him the best of luck and will do anything to help out
"Tomas Alfredson, Joe Cornish, Duncan Jones, and Cary Fukunaga were all also shortlisted for the job." We can all blame X-Men for this.
five feet into the grocery store and already someone failed to "keep moving or get out of the way"
Lol : Adolph Rupp was presented with the Adolph Rupp Trophy last night. Here's video of the presentation
All set for my first Pecha Kucha presentation tonight! What a wild ride it will be.
H&A Travel & Coaching Schedule(cont): San Antonio TX March 8-12; Illinois & Indiana April 12-17; North Carolina April 20-22 (cont)
heard you spent some time in Dallas. What part? What school did you go to?
please follow me?(: my life would be MADE!
3 in the morning get it poppin in the parking lot
what are you watching
I will be blues jamming in Denver, CO on Sunday, March 18th. Details to follow soon!
hey the Sunday 9p show at the Lex Venue is official. Bring your crew.
I'm done working for today, so i'm heading back to chicago, i want to chil with a beautiful girl tonight. time to get that in the works.
":It's annoying that Facebook bought instagram.Now it's going to suck and be full of 50 year olds, weddings and babies.I quit."
People all over the world... join hands!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: As with the rest of this beautiful life, you usually get more in family law with sugar than with vinegar.
Making.It.Happen. 👍
Make sure you Link and Build with
lol you silly
This week has had literally some of the nicest days
255. Don't get it twisted. 7 catches
Oh sake
Cant sleep who's up???
Hey , come play for the man. WE WON'T BOO YOU HERE. ✌
I had a dream about you!
Have a good night, Anita. :) I hope your last camshow of the night was great!
agreed! Thinking outside the box helps to build #brand identity.
you have brown hair :) >> :P
Third time we've beat Cathedral...hahaha
ah yes of course. Sometimes I hold up my glass of wine and look at you through the glass like a magic window.
enjoyed my first experience with Firehouse Red tonight! Try it soon.
I got you RT : follow me:)
2 chainz - No Lie ft. Drake . This goes hard. Ill definitely be bumping to this in the car!
Playing games
#seamless iPhone app really starting to bug me! Lame non ability to cancel bag items, or order,nor view order history...
just tuned into #lifeclass and already crying
I've been working like crazy and have no time to do anything...but 70+ degree weather makes just about anything okay.
only because girls aren't happy unless they're being materialistic
I'm still using the old Twitter. Does that make me Amish?
Had a really long, busy day today.
Don't forget to request Rosella on 88.7 WJCU! Ctown! Turn on and listen to your local authority
Getty bf and u will be happy
On a different note, who knew that Roy Hodgson was capable of winning at Anfield?
Thanks for the S.O appreciate the love bro.
THIS! : I haven't been this confused on why America was still voting since Taylor Hicks won American Idol...
#FF people I RT this week and some other people but whatever check my feed if you're that interested
If you can't believe in yourself, believe in ME!! Preston Dynasty Realty... Powerful and Definitely Rich! Live The Good Life.
The Ides of March.... Hm
Sampling today westgate in austin. Making delish coffee cocktails till 3pm. See ya there!
hahaha dan its all fault right?
": new york is not all what people think it is.." Yeah it is
Possession: MCFC 81% QPR 19%. Wow. Says it all. Well done this season. Enjoy being called The Champions.
Let's take a gallop poll and see what everybody thinks.
Change of plans! We're planning on doing our video review of Khan BBQ on Saturday. Are you working that evening, too?
I think there is an element of personal responsibility when checking in. We're all about people meeting, so checking
How you gone talk shit about someone and be their best friend the next day...
What's up union station!! Is it just me or has it been a whole since we've seen eachother? Window opens at 11:15
I dont think so - its all ages im quite positive!
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save. ~ Will Rogers
Proud to announce that #JBCreative will be working on another project with the amazing Watch this space for more details!
LA what's going on tonight? No plans on a Friday night!
Ugh im so sick!
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
:) According to some article sis read, he's playing... somewhere, I forget, in an independent league.
Happy Friday to you, Holly! Are you getting ready for your big trip?!
are done! Contests to everyone you deserve it. Motivating :)
lol I haven't eaten though -_-
": got my ballot...and you got my vote."~Thanks for your support good brother! 06!
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. – Jim Rohn
Big Match up against GOING FOR THE BIG LEAD SWEEP!
none go to bed
For the first time in decades, now available, the music of St. Germain: L'incostanza Delusa Suite. Check it out on the iTunes store today!
Because they gave everything they had on/off the court while wearing the jersey..always proud of that
Yea I'll be there. Thats would be awesome! Thanks you.
Your blatantly handist rhetoric is uncalled for.
I feel so lonely
"Do hate and love live in the same house?" Domestic Workers United Workshop
I listen to music the entire time in in 3rd and 4th period
Great performance on Carson Daley! This is the first time I have heard you play. I am moving to Austin soon and I'm excited
You are welcome! It was fun. Have a great night!
the sun began to shine just as you teeeted that
Buying stuff at the store* CASHIER: "Are you buying all these? :)" ME: "No, I'm stealing them. I just wanted to show you first."
anyone have a spare google+ invite? ! i want in!
some chris brown song
*** T-REP "Club Rockin" Music Video *** On May 20th, 2012 at 4:00pm @ FAB Studios 6167 Memorial Drive, Unit C, Stone Mountain, GA 30086
As much as I will be sad to see depart from NYC, one side effect is going out with a bang. Tonight: Nobu.
Please tell me more about how your so excited for coachella...oh wait I forgot no one cares!
No (guessing). Maybe they'll keep a TV in the press box for you guys. An arena-wide announcement wouldn't surprise me though.
Monday Special-Yucatan Shrimp Taco $3.85: Achiote marinated shrimp topped with pineapple and avocado salsa.
“You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger” - Buddha
ME3 insanity difficulty on my 360 up next as well as playing through ME2 and ME3 on my PS3.
Jason Giambi is the definition of jowly.
Knowing what’s right doesn’t mean much unless you do what’s right. ~ Theodore Roosevelt RT
A BIG thank you to everyone who wrote letters on behalf of The Newark Mosaic. Thanks for your support, it means a lot to me.
Why in the hell am i still awake.
I'm really hoping Scott Hetsko will tell us there will be no rain tonight in the #ROC I just washed my car!
climbin the White House! And its all on me
what's up hunn
“: Y'all ready to watch what happens on #DWTS ????? Hope I stay on guys.” ready!!!
I mean, I'm going to do some research, and you don't have a mfm reader, so I'll bring my own?
All drinks with the exception of Red Bull are ONLY $2 after 8pm tonight!
Check out WZAP AM 690 today, 9/15/11 at 10:15 AM! I will be interviewing, and discussing my music and more! THANK YOU!!!!!!! Love you guys!
Artist 4 Custom Beats Email Me @ With A Request! Also Check Out The Beats On MY SC @ SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
"Mayweather vs Pacquiao" MAKE IT HAPPEN
think of fashion & you'll never be bored
Happy New Year From Me & The Team Join Us 2nite West Orange County12270 W Colonial Dr zip 34748 C U THER
: Rev Franklin Graham apologizes to President Obama for questioning his faith
Day in the life of Administrator: coffee, answer 50 emails, coffee, answer H.R. question, coffee, resolve computer glitch, move paper, 11 am
indeed one big room full of bad bitches lls!!!!!!!!!!
Be honest, have any of you already broken your New Years resolution?
Off to Monterrey, Mexico!!
Heeeyy there! Miss you too. Well where have you been hiding?
thank you Autumn! Happy New Year!
Does anyone know about the unlv festival or something like that going on tonight??
how r u and Dom?
#Missing was a great show. Sad it won't be back. I might have a girl crush on
Smuts r gods greatest creation!
my pleasure! looking forward to checking it out.
do I get to pick which ones?
Oh well. Good night Twitter.
Good night beautiful world. I'll see you in the morning. Be good to yourselves and those around you.
We just got our accredidation from the Better Business Bureau :)
gutsy pick maybe he can have a debut like Castro
Bullshit. Got to give a couple of bucks.
Dinner at my absolute favorite spot and sadly our last night
and can I get a hug from u guys tomorrow at the House Of Blues?
You can be anything you want to be, if you only believe
Ron Paul might preach the gospel of hard money but his campaign had a $2.2 million credit card bill between May and December.
I need to find something to do tonight !
Happy Friday! Wonder what's on the agenda today?
Put Kobe on the bench plz..... OKC!
I'd call it necrositions.
get it then fella!!!!
LMAO u should have said u were diggin' Cristine and she smelled super yummy~that's why!!!!
Here we go. Today I graduate high school. A bit nervous, but ready I suppose. I can't believe the day is here! :S
despite being a librarian, I teach 5 classes a day so time is limited. :( Long list!
They say the fist stage of recovery is acceptance...Hello, my name is and I'm addicted to
Whos wants to hangout??? :)
have fun tonight :(
after all of these years we are just now following each other?
Our designs will go out for printing with in the next week or so! I hope you and everybody else are as excited as we are!
Finally got into SLJ site to read ALA candidates' statements only to find that they misspelled 's name. 2 Rs as in Ringo
hell yeah shout out to krit thats my dude right there bc im here in the south and they bumpin krit down here
good to have you back give me a call once u r settled
Hospitals would save themselves a ton of money if they could figure out how to send one bill for all charges & all family members.
jus maintaining. How r u?
i g2g to bed night
Red or F3?
Happy Birthday Cuz may God bless you with many more
Was just told that I shine like a star
If a person doesn't want to be with you anymore, dont ask questions. Just let it go and they'll realize they lost something good
#HappyMemorialDay Thank you to all the men & women who have served our country!
how u doing
That final question has me in tears.
Disgusted and LIVID.
you can never have too much of a heart. :)
Happy birthday may the year to come be more magical than the one passing.
Finally, Obama!
Worst. Super. Bowl. Ever.
Ahsumm. RT : I see that someone found my blog by searching "taking the PSAT as a softmore."
Nice word! Thanks.
At the Surly Goat celebrating my boy Derrick's birthday! Loved seeing & Brent tonight!
And he's still staring!!!!!
haha oh I know I cant stand that gaudy orange as LeighAnne would say in the blind side!
ANOTHER REINING ENTRY!!!!!
m a new york style bagel with cream cheese to start my day before another long day of work!
Gross dude, don't be gay
Haha that would have been great :] And that's awesome, I'm glad you like the stuff! We'll have some new stuff for ya too soon!
loved seeing you today ! Thanks for stopping by :)
San Antonio: Isol. storm today & tonight. This weekend will be warm in the mid to upper 80s. Today: AM Fog, then mostly sunny. high 86
I'm betting on Borel this year!
is playing F. Scott's this evening with Rich Adams and Steve Forrest.
THANK YOU: Liam Reddy, Derek Astles, and Dani Moz. Killer performances at the Cantab last night. You all ROCKED.
favorite metal band. Go.
Bop is a vienna sausage so naturally NY strips are going to look smart
you forgot Bob Uecker's classic line "including nose hair" in that last tweet.
Do you think bands need their own web site? I DON'T!!! Buy your www... point it to FB... and start an email list to keep track of your fans.
RT : Open bar 11pm-12am Fridays See ya all there after having the best burger EVER! Oneburger Miami. E.
My underwear bomb is newer than your underwear bomb.
We're completely mobile, so we venture to different areas of #PDX weekly. You can find us on the 16th!
RT there green salsa is the best but not the spiciest. >>> it was pretty dang tasty!
Wow I jus woke up bout to cook breakfast n hop on this 2k12 yea
Right back at ya, Tony. Happy New Year!
Tired of the same old stuffy club with the same old music? Live music is an experience! Text THESTAGE to 42828 to get on the list.
There's gonna be times when Hannah Montana tells you nobody's perfect... that's when you scream; Austin Carter Mahone bitch.
Squeezing in another film over lunch - world premiere of 'Leave Me Like You Found Me'
& LIVE TONIGHT AT
not sure yet! i have a ton i'd like to do, i'm trying to narrow them down. and upolad like a different genre from the last.
Lightning talk: Becky, Grad student, MICA. The Baltimore Textbook - urban theory textbook for K-12 students.
Congratulations to Hal Bedsole of Reseda HS (CA) on making College Football Hall of Fame
Seriously where is the sense of urgency? We are playing a FUCKING A team.... I can't stand the Brewers right now.
I had forgotten about that shirt! Going to have to get the deal too :)
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. Martin Luther King, Jr.
I NEEDED ALL WHITE LEVI CARGO SHORTS.....I GOT EM!!! WITH MY ALL BLACK KSWISS!!!
City Center Tenants: Tenant Appreciation Event TODAY. 70-90% off Brewers ticket packages, golf, car care, dining, and more. See you there!
Dear disneyy can we get sum positive thing on disney channel insted of eating disorder.& etc cuz last time I checked its not funny smdh
Zac Efrom is so damn sexy.
What about the California? RT : I am a Ferrari girl too but I hate the 458
tracking a Xmas song for a Bfire compilation. Pat just called me the "Bob Ross of Pianet players".
Your Moving??!
watching the boondocks <3
happy birthday jamie
knew that was commin
Just finished talking with a super cool archaeology professor.
Thank you for the kind words! RT : “: Finally got my shrimp and grits #HappyDance”...the best in town!!!!
Wow! RT : RT : The only way this game can get worse for the Lakers is if Kobe breaks down and rapes one of the Mavs.
Great profile on Jordan! Kid is a beast.
Get. Your. Fucking. Popcorn. Ready!!!!
i would b respectfully happy if you could make it a hit, & would only expect what You think is fair 4my contribution
rest-assured, he made it safely across the road -- one of the many joys of working in a forest preserve.
Photo shoot, Trina Turk
Don't talk unless you can improve the silence. ~ Jorge Luis Borges
Yeah!! Recording tomorro, its gonna be sweet
Don't forget to wind your clocks ahead one hour tonight!
Book club mtg tonite - looking for some "must-read" recommendations from my tweeps!
I just finished 'Breaking Stalin's Nose' it's totally in my top five favorite kids books.
cant wait!!! Im pumped!
You guys rock.
a sphincter says what?
call: (516) 608-0189 for more information. This could be your solution if you cannot go the conventional route.
your welcome! Your so lucky i am still trying to get him to follow me:/
It is telling that when 4 staffers leave your campaign no one cares
im in my own lane...
at press conference gasser asked about how good of an actor brandon paul is. jordan taylor looked like he almost lost it at that one.
#10 I love Audrey Hepburn. She's so amazing. and gorgeous <3
Cool. I'm lovin' this. How'd she get in . .. and who is she? Was she rambling? Did they escort her out? Dish, Man dish.
Invention and dreams are two sides of the same coin. An invention comes from dreams. An inventions actualization is a dream come true.
Don't be selfish with your blood! Blood drive in the ballroom until 4!
Not only do we have the best Korean BBQ but we can cool you off with an icy cold adult beverage from our full bar as well!
conquer today for tomorrow isn't certain.
what exactly makes one person more successful than another? The answer in 20 minutes - tonight at 5 PDT
Ohh I see :) Well your dress is gorgeous girl
good morning! How did everything go yesterday with your dad?
Most absorbing finish in EPL history and FSC with ZERO attempt at a half-time show. Cue the machine gun....
the Poetry Novel is called The Book of Poems of That Traveler BY: Joseph D'Ambrosio please check it o0ut and hope you enjoy it looking at
thanks for #believe ing & retweting #faith being d supreme medicine..prescrptn. take faith daily, with a full glass of gratitute
* I ate a big ham and cheese sandwich!
I don't like how the iPad won't play my Music Videos :( And why none of my TV or film are showing up anywhere... i'm confused
Vegas its Early and already rocking @ the TEQUILA SHACK! $2 Tequila Shots. Who!
Fairy tales don't always have a happy ending, do they?
I get to c myy boo tomorrow <3
I don't make deals for the money. I've got enough, much more than I'll ever need. I do it to do it
And the Grammy producers thought they were set for tomorrow night #better get the coffee
Happy Valentines Day to you too:-)
Give us the booty juice! We want the booty juice! -rugrats
Recap of apple ipad 3 First Feature Retina display Second A5X processor Third 1080p video recording Fourth voice dictation Fifth 4G LTE!
likes this tweet
M lesbian rice krispie treats
Someone slashed the tires on Brad Bergeson's '86 Escort. Officially, the #orioles don't condone this behavior. Off the record: HIGH FIVE!
i done had to turn up on her ass a couple times.....ewwww..she looks like some shit from underneath a bridge...gross
it is in Beaumont. on NE Shaver and 47th.
Just confirmed as 3rd panelist
fine thankyou babe how did the French exam go? #gladididntdoit x
It's eerie going between the two campuses bc the vibes are now so different. #Univbomber got nada on
yes, but thats literally when it starts moving... so you SHOULD be there before or you will miss the action
Wanna dress cute tonight . Bump what this weather talkin bout
I can't wait for my shoulder to heal so up can hoop again. It's been a month + smh
Now:Met with two homeless clients. One person is so mentally ill that he does not realize where he is. People have been homeless too long.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Barbour & Pike Counties until 01:00 PM
definitely up there. Danny McBride!!!!! Funniest part lol
": The ONE time you raise your hand, and some ass screams the answer out anyways"
We'll absolutely touch base with you about being considered to participate! You all do wonderful work locally and int'lly!
I have a piccolo & flute! I'll have to check the pads. I don't remember the last time I played. They might need replacing!
forever and always <3
It's hard to beat fresh Prima Pils on a warm day
This new HBO show Girls is the only thing keeping me from canceling my premium channels right now. So good.
NO. Sil's is closing? No more mini donuts and nice service??
Good Morning amazing Smile
blahh. i think josh is coming back this weekend. FML
More traditional set up here; no 8 rounds. I've got Kentucky. :)
RT “: Welcome to Monday, Tucson! Note there's a new law in town as of yesterday: NO TEXTING WHILE DRIVING! Big Huge Fines!!”
I have splurged on my office and bought myself a dr who poster, tardis mug, AND River Song's sonic screwdriver. I have no self control.
Ball so hard.. mfs wanna find me lol
Looks my tune Do it Out of Love will be featured on upcoming episode of Dog The Bounty Hunter. Very grateful. Listen on itunes!
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger :)
Find someone and throw a random compliment their way today! Lets change the world!
Rain won't dampen fun. FLA Pres reception moved indoors Lemon/Lime. 5:30.
that's awesome. That should make thanksgiving a little more fun.
How was the Arctic Monkeys show? Did you go to that yet? lol
it will be in Boise Idaho projected this fall. We're in beginning production phase! Thanx 4 the follow!!
hahaha Oh well see your face tomorrow morning 
Heat win without wade and lebron?
Heading out for today's library run: Amelia Earhart, Titania, Empire State building--and maybe a novel for the fun of it.
Welcome to Twitter, !
Okkkkayyy! RT : 's EDM house mix playin in my headphones at the gym
when is your next NC poll that will test general election matchups?
had to say it lmaoo ima be back on punishment lmao
Sam is right in front of me!
Off to the natural history museum for the first time in many years
All you can eat buffet at Six Flags... cc
I need a refill (;
Felt an earthquake in nj!!! Thats a first!!!!!
Please support federal licensing of Internet #poker. It will create jobs & revenue for California & protect consumers.
Don't miss the FREE Monument Circle Walking Tour tomorrow! Starts 11am at Borders Cafe, 11 S. Meridian.
Listening to the #socialmedia experts from at 's Cyberposium now! They are awesome!
Welcome recent followers... DJ's, Thx for all the reviews!!!
#DallasBeerWeek pint nights start tomorrow!! Giving away awesome glasses all week:)
I love shades where you can't see my eyes
Where is the cheapest place to get Pho in Seattle?
like smokin' the thinnest air
Three alarms set, two wake up calls coming.. I better wake up.
gonna go have a lil Seattle hush hush fun!
that's right before my "Physics if Santa" talk for the Smithsonian! Def a #thirstmoment for me!
Rumor has it. Ba-da-ba. Rumor has it. Ritz ridiculousness.
on saturday an exam ?
nice dude! Who's the production supervisor? Does she have any work of hers online? Would love to see it!
It's Time to create your best life - learn how through texting yourself...
Does ne one know who "nurf master" or "carter-nicholas" is on tumblr?? do they have twitters??
Hey, tell it's safe to come out and play. All the automatic things are off and I'll buy her a drink or something.
okay no one kill me, but i havent been online for like a week. so whats this about emily? and what's lou's tweet about?
How do you energize your body so that you can achieve your dreams and goals? Are you rested and hydrated and focused on healthy living?
It's just how it is nowadays.. That will happen to me while I'm in London at the Summer Olympics.
Seau suicide, NFL player safety coming up on national Sunday am political talk shows. Congress next?
Ewww You Have Thee Ugliest Voice But I like It AHAHAH
But are they neat? ;-)
Using the RSV translation of the #Bible at daily mass now. Loving it!
What do I get my mom for mother's day??? Why is this so difficult??
Game over :(
May God Bless Me with the Strength to Walk in The Unfamiliar!!
Thanks! #MCDM546 RT: It is possible to have your phone "restored" to "factory condition" remotely, by YOUR choice.
The greatest oak was once a little nut who held its ground. ~Author Unknown
Dear Nicholas Sparks - Please stop writing. For the love of God.
Have fun! “: Off to the Book Cellar. Time to celebrate some Chicago writers!”
I've only gotten to listen to your Myspace music, but I really like "My Addiction." Keep making music! I'll be listening!
Milagres may just be one of my new favorite bands! Milagres – Moon on the Sea's Gate
oh marcy....we should hang soon! How was Italy?
RIP Don Cornelius and David Peaston. Thanks for the memories>
Sounds good. I'm at nhpr all Feb and will be looking for some good places eat in Concord!
"we ain't shooting at the same basket"...
I love him <3
(c) the bottom, but either way, no matter how much better the other crew is, if the crew they choose is in the bottom two they HAVE to (c)
I feel the same exact way about my Grandma. Sweetest woman in the world , and my fam are the exact same way with her
See Your Favorite Advertising People Get Blown Away in Super Slow Motion
All my boys asleep on the couchh ttp://twitpic.com/3biihw
Elvis had a twin brother named Garon, who died at birth, which is why Elvis middle name was Aron.
Shouts out to and making moves a a daily
and just like that, the move into the 6 seed!
no doubt... looking forward to listening to more of your mixes!
John Hamm is pretty enough to be a lady. -Sarah Mowrey
Do what makes you Happy, Be with who makes you smile. We want you to celebrate HAPPINESS!!! our Happy Hour Wednesday's from 4:30pm-7:30pm.
My cough and I will be in Pueblo for the day. #education #crime #inmatedeaths are in my future.
When y'all leaving 4 Florida
bitch fuck you i want instagram hater
thank you!
When people say more than they should, when in the first place you weren't supposed to tell.
Sometimes I wish I was a celebrity so I just ask all my random questions on twitter instead of actually looking it up like everyone else
Yes, but isn't 40 American only 36 Canadian?
After flying home I have no desire to go to the grocery store. It's pizza and a bloody mary at the Dogwood instead!
I'm so glad there is #spellcheck and #autocorrect in my life.
u promise who
Third phase of museum development - Social Service
I know! Crazy. 2k is steep. I still need to figure out a budget version.
Sadly, I'm a recovering Catholic. I'll probably spend the rest of my life undoing the lingering damage
why do i feel like i already ruined everything
these stereoscopics are great, even viewing on an iPhone! Thanks ;)
its weird to think that I'm gonna be in high school next year! :O
btw... this is Jaime tweeting with you today. :)
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher. - Socrates
but can a tomato eat a tomato?
Thank the heavens for the March Madness Live app. It makes this wind bearable.
Hey what should I do about the mifi? Will you survive w/out internet for a few mins?
Everybody in Baton Rouge needs to be at BRCC tomorrow for 1 pm for our women's game and our men's game at 3!! Let's get it!!
the red vino all 4 it! Do think I'd prefer a smaller crowd though..Kinda creeps me out sharing tub w that many LOL!
na things changed
Congress will only work together when the money is taken out of politics - Its the ONLY way. Money is the root of the problem - lets fix it
I loved Catching Jordan. Do you follow your fans?
Can the rain pass by like right now?!
Aw, I'm sorry. How about corn nuts? Sunflower seeds?
lol we sound lik spys on a movie! But I erased everything about him..
Word of the day, swagg, wait u use that word everyday, darn now I need a new word :(
I'd like to access my movie files on a
you made some of our FAVE buttons! Yay!
I love you
Hate it when people say "I would love if Jelena broke up" guyss you need to think about how Justin would feel!!
Busy weekend full of great performances! Hope everyone had a great weekend. 4 remaining shows of Arlen and Berlin at this week!
on #Glee still awesome and funnier than ever! Get it gurrrrrrrl!
Mine's more like the low rumble of Muddy Waters or Howlin' Wolf when I'm writing.
“: buh igot this Crazy plan to Just shoot for this modeling. buh its good to have a plan to fall bck on” go for it
Hello Celtx AWESOME site .Can you please add editing support for Internet Explorer.
not down with the sushi
Downtown Abbey just sang it's swan song after less than one full episode. I really wanted to love this show. Gave it my all.
“Do Unto Other’s As YOU Would Have Them Do Unto YOU.”
�FoodBlogCT: Lindt Clearance Sale at Cape Quarter on Friday #news - buy one get one free on ALL products!
Conductor, this bus was very slow! Oh, I expect we'll pick up speed now you're getting off!
Ditched Vancouver idea last minute, boarding for cabo right now. Landing at 1110 local time
9 picks for only $25 tonight! Hop on this hot streak! 39-17 last 56
I hope my kitty comes home! :(
weak! Are you still moving to Ireland?
OH MY GOD NIALL LOOK AT THAT NANDOS. tunchi (:
Fucc its raining
"I want to wake up next to you" Bitch I NEED my space.
Great question - I don't know but will research!
I am interested in art as a means of living a life; not as a means of making a living. ~Robert Henri
I find it useful for professional things - getting headlines w. links around topics I follow - Fcbook not so much.
November release date for eagerly awaited Halo 4 - The Grocer
Trash pick-up provided by city on public streets is the law. Period. Private streets are different animal all together.
GETTING READY FOR JAMAICA. I AM SO HAPPY!
: Help us get to 3,000 Followers...we're almost there! You may be the lucky winner of 60 FREE driving minutes!
Significantly Updated 2013 Toyota Venza to Make North American Debut at New York International Auto Show
Thank you honey :*
they're just jealous Chad...lol
Cursive and crossword puZzles do not mix! Especially when going down
Movie night to night?!?!?
Quote of the day: You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions – Naguib Mahfouz
Watching #intervention. So sad.
It is not too late to join SciCon 2011! Links.DiscoveryEducation.com/SCIcon - Patti Duncan is about to start the opening keynote!
It's a Beautiful Morning! Let's take a walk outside in the sun! Hope you all have a wonderful day! :)
The problem is being away from the computer all day now I feel I must catch up or something
Wedbush's Pachter dumb comment "Mark & hoodie.. mark of immaturity.. show respect.. he’s asking 4 money.”
Brooke White and MJ rocked the house! : )
The beauty of music is always in what is said...
I've been thinkin bout ya . Do you think about me still? no phone ,im completely fine with that. goodnight tweeters ((:
Yoga & brunch with
morning babe :) I hate getting ready for school -.-
LOL, well I don't think it's ever getting there. When you come to LA or I'm in DC I will give you some.
lol smh so i stay in stone mountain now
Nobody's asking for free Viagra. Bad analogy.
My girlfriend makes me happy (:
Intriguing paper: Thavolia Glymph on experiences of enslaved women during civil war. Bringing silenced voices to light
Your so welcome!!!! Cant wait to be a part of your show!
Big Show should go to TNA
RT : Forgive someone because you believe they are truly sorry, not just because you want to keep them in your life.
Will do! Thanks!
RT : RT : Today is Yom HaShoah, a day of remembrance for victims of the Holocaust.
Rye bread eaters are less hungry after 8 hours than wheat eaters are, Swedish researchers say! Pair it w/egg whites and some fruit!
What makes us lonely/will bring us back together
My account has been hacked... apologies for any crazy messages.
That's sad. Is that what life in NYC has come down to?
Build Your Own Deck
#GuyCode when walking into a public bathroom or room full of males put on your toughest face to let them know
I don't remember Ashley...what did she do?
Sorry to hear, Chad. Prayers to you and your family.
Workin 9 days strait is awesome
I swear I love Twitter.♥
I think I have a Mac app that does the web to PDF trick. Runs on command line and desktop. Will check when home.
Maple Spice Latte and Waffle Crisp Mocha !
Ugh. Back to back homers in the 7th? C'mon, Cards, rally!
I'd be keen for an and tour!
This is how I
both! she doesn't comb her hair, she has dental issues, and her clothes are...very casual.
One year ago, YouTube reported 24 hours of video uploaded per minute, as of April 2011 its now 35 hours uploaded per minute!
Thanks for the #gmail sorting recommendation. Geez...did I really read all this stuff???
Thank you for sharing my article!
Still not sure, but should be any time now!
I thought that also
Ohio Independent Film Festival at Beachland Ballroom this weekend: www.ohiofilms.com
myself n are looking for dope producers for the album and more!!!
Everyone wish this guy a happy birthday! --->
In a text to I may have just called Nashville a "honky tonk hipster heaven." Yep, that's about right.
HAHA!! that awkward moment when you're laughing aloud in class and get weird looks b/c u read Josh's tweet about honking at "Bryson"
I want a fag.
Also, since it is now Sunday, can I say I hope we kill some bears today
How's everyone doing today? It's Thursday yet again! This week has flown by for me. How about you?
I hear ya my new music friend. Tons of dreamers a handful of makers!
Biggest surprise of the confrontation #Pacers players got in at an Orlando bar: a TMZ camera was following Kyrylo Fesenko
Went to bed a 5pm and wake up at 8 am. #wtf #imisseddinner !!!
No hot water this morning. Cold shower almost made me cry--too cold to wash hair. TGIF!
don't worry jenn I'll have a drink for you
Omg I am watching toddlers & tiaras & this little 8 year old said she wants to kill Justin Bieber 😱
LaBoof James at the line...
Liar liar don't cry on my shoulder, you played with fire & smiled when you told her</3
Jesse checks of course!
just coming to bear witness
Dance, Kenny, dance.
.. Feelin more tired than usual .
First shoot with the #D800 is looking good, but holy crap it eats up gigabytes.
I can take it, bring it on. and I'm pretty sure I won't have to wait *too* long before it snows here, anyway...
Attended a callback for Fallon Health community today! If I get it I will be paid to SKI!! What a dream job that would be!!!
Got one of my grades back. So far so good 👍
Glad you liked that one. Be alert!
There are two types of metal music: painfully awful and orgasmic.
Expecting the world to treat u fairly cause u are a good person is like expecting the lion not to attack u because u are a vegetarian
Im so glad the Packers drafted you. Ive wanted them to get you since last season ended. So solid!
Little Green Notebook Affordable X benches - benches for bedroom
Luke Bryan Pandora+ running = good day
aww. Let's make a plan ASAP! Ps. Monkey 10 year anniversary jan 20-21st. Thanks to you...
Email it to me brother. I'm not gonna be on here really much anymore. Thanks :)
well, sleep well then friend.
In need of a nap
#CanIBeHonestWithYou orange is NOT an attractive skin color and neither is the barbie look. Try a healthy size 5 while you're at it not a 0.
wait for what? Dinner or pictures?
There's an LL dis/ Dear Yvette answer record by E-Vette Money called E-Vette's Revenge. LL gets it
I use to take care of my dad all day, but he passed away a month and a half ago, now in kinda lost So Tryna get my life goin.
Excellent hummus at The Hill's cocktail reception. Which makes sense, as it's at the Turkish embassy. Nice bathroom too
great show, I wish u much success!
grads. Congrats Class of 2012. Continue the great communications legacy!
I only get cranky about once every five years, which is a fact that makes other people cranky.
...then he bounced FOUR meters in the air. DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?
Now following.
I love it
bach! Tell her I said hey. And to check her phone in like 4 minutes.
RT : <~~ this guy is #awesome. He's from #BarRescue" thanks for the love. #BR2 coming soon
lol now now lets not get beside ourself
Indeed! Steampunk robotics style...Neil's got better things to do than drive, like strum that guitar. I'm with that.
Flyer sign jagr and rupp. Bullshit! Even more fuel for that rivalry though. Well if they want to be on a losing team good luck to them.
at least he struck out instead of hitting into DP
uhm 5 and a half then a layover in ohio for 2 hrs then we fly home
Clearly most other tourists here need a lesson in picture-taking. Maybe we can include the view and the castle in the background in my pic?
Oomf owe me some fruit since she was hollin.. Lol
yea if you can
If you rehearse in your mind the sins done to you, you will become bitter but if you rehearse the grace God gave you, you will be forgiving
I deserve a medal for making it through this week without stabbing someone with a fork
Talking To My Best Friend Makes My Day Everyday. :)
Am officially addicted to the hunger games 😍 I feel like such a conformist 😲
Anyone else devastated to see .✭::::: ROKBAR :::::✭. close? Full article on Miami Pudding.com coming soon...
uh maybe, we will for sure need help :)
. No one at SCDP really hates soaps--all our clients are advertised on them.
Oh, it's bad. He's literally been here 2 weeks and twice now that's all he's talked about. It sucks!
absolutely!!! NO question. :)
and beautiful weather too!
Bummed as shit that I never see
I love it! RT : My brother was just like "its national library week, we should have school off"
don't believe it ! There has to be a human also (: 
RT SB Nation Fantasy Evans is out Sunday, which means another T Smith start. If you got him off waivers, u prep. to start him?
OAK ML
Ready to go back to Miami...
It's good ! How's Houston?!
Ap Lang tomorrow morning and AP Stat in the afternoon. I should be more concerned but at this point, I just wanna be done.
#bikini #girls #cafe We love San Diego~!
wrote the drums and mixed in ableton
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you sit by people you sorta used to know so you don't have to sit by yourself & they're really loud and obnoxious.
... and im really cold now.
We are Open! Come get out of the snow and warm up at The Tavern!
Omfg there is a tent village at my friends house woohoo sleepover in the backyard
On it!
Grateful for a parking pass at school and the ability to help friends.
right?!?! wish i could have been in NYC back in the day (or any day really)!
Goodmorning! Soo tired..I have a normal rutine, it's cross country the basketball! And at Friday night games I'm gonna be a flaget!(:
omg what i do ?
"I believe in the power of public schools." Arlene Silveira, canidate for Madison School District at noon Rotary
Can't complain bro just working on my marketing plan to get off these CDs.
Welcome to the District, Mister Payne!
When your final voice of reason has left I can only imagine what's next.
He could mend them, he could learn tomend them
for once don't think he flopped.
With Carmona gone I had forgotten what fat pitchers look like.
... I only asked for 1 thing for Christmas... Box set of Brisco County Jr. .... Hope you get some on the back end of it
Hey Greg can u check ur DM? There is a message from us.
The Jesus and Mary Pancake
they used to let me mix the rock salt when I was 5 yrs old at the Gas Station. I still remember it like yesterday.
my dog just kicked me /:
iced tea relaxing in the sunn
trying to come up w/ good content for the last few tags on my personal page - <sup>, <pre>, etc...
Already on my calendar! RT June 25 is the next , Save the date!
Wow! I had no idea it was raining. Such a gentle rain. Sounds so lovely I opened a window. April showers.
Might have to have surgery to remove my appendix:/
:) How SF treating you? Any good tips. as I should be out there for work in a couple of weeks?
Anybody got dat 🔫 so I can shoot the 🐤 outside my window?
133.6 million or 66% of people over the age of 18 in the U.S. are fat While ur making tremendous excuses & ur gaining enormous weight
Maybe next time I'll take a vacation that doesn't involve walking 20,000 steps a day.
I think I'm going back to Photoshop 7 (running in my win95 vm I setup for sim city) Adobe's been milking it since then.
A woman's work is never done!
You'll lose a lot of money chasing hoes, but you will never lose hoes chasing money!
Im in love with jesus
I love Emeli Sande! Not sure if she is the new Adele though.
Huge bar outside in downtown "Live After 5" blasting Bell Biv Devoe. Very fun!
and then you woke up... RT that's what she said.
Who do you think will win the NBA championship this year?
Phil Sheridan: Gamesmanship pays off for wily Brodeur - Philadelphia Inquirer
Only Person Dat Cn Hit Da Club N Gt Up Early
Check out ! Always amazing!!! My muse!
I love the thrill of the bus stop bench being covered in broken glass!
Bored as fuck.
To step into our destiny we have to be prepared to step outside of our comfort zone.. be bold!!
speak for yourself
:) An abstraction of a bright red kid's Ikea bath mat during "bath time"
Looking ahead to future "Music Friday's" on my radio show.....there will be QUEEN and there will be Johnny Cash. Journey leading 4 this Fri.
I hate you so much, Gumtree! If anyone is looking for a free Sky HD box give me a shout I can't seem to get it on GT.
Whoever I marry gone be in the gym wit me...We gone be some fitness freaks! I love dudes that are in shape, that shyt is sexyy!
thanx my love
haha oh gosh looking good
Save our #Libraries, #Librarians and #Bookstores!
Just stopped at a Mr Goodcents... outside of St Louis...we don't have them in Indy...oddly enough I saw pennington_jl there...
Loved the PSA on childhood nutrition. Thanks Mika for making this an issue.
waiting for my granddaughter to get back from florida after a visit with her father. always on pins and needles. she is love of my life.
by : Good guy Ray Allen and the #celtics are teaming up to help raise money for Fisher House Boston. Find out how you can do you...
Are these golf scores?
not sure, I never feel guilty bout music I like.
Tired and dreading work ;{
Ok.. Where do you want to talk about it at???
DON'T FORGET ...USA still at war...WHY again? HISTORY says W Afgan/ E Pakistan will always be renegade.been that way for 2000 YRS. GET OUT
yeah you're lucky to be alive cause I haven't killed you for lying to me lolol
Seeing #ThinkLikeAMan a 2nd time to catch all the jokes we missed the 1st time & keep it #1 at the box office!
we need an anniversary soon.. Lol
Wait, Rachel, you know my crazy conservative uncle?!!
Thanks! Got it.
great seeing your work on Hurricane Season. Inspiring movie.
I'm down the street from there, but I am a UCF student.
Just got home! Relax time!
Independent...public...move? IDK
We will be posting new music on our FB Tomorrow! Check it out! (tomorrow)
Ok guys I thought this was kinda dumb my homework was to explain how to tie shoes I hope everyone in my class know hoe to tie shoes lol :)
S Dot Mouse Exclamation Mark!
Tigers keep pounding them Rangers
Oh, don't mind me. I'm just lying on the floor playing Toy Story 3 on the Xbox.
So ice skating was a success 👍
Lisa Armstrong of said journalists have strong tendency to quote NGOs and famous sources instead of those directly affected.
I really want a Bulldog. Joe keeps throwing other dogs into the mix, but I'm committed.
Good Morning! The early bird catches the Egg McMuffin! This Friday RT for a chance to win 2 free Egg McMuffins! Stay tuned!
Your like button doesn't work :) tisk tisk... you guys gonna kill ?
can you dm me I would like to ask you a very important question to ask you.
No argument out of me, George! Hell, that's why I started following you in the first place.
do you see men criticized for such minor things?
off with an awesome start! Pablos entertaining with hacker projects. Lot of potential in modeling for gaming
I tell my dad I blacked out today due to my nervous system possibly being an issue, and he tells me I should "toughen up". Wow...
#KimKardashiansNextBoyFriend Nick Judt, that'd be adorable
It's going pretty good. You?
Forgot how to turn off my iPod Touch, so had to Google it. Search result snippets had the answer. Internet - 1, My Brain - 0.
awesome...what are you getting?
I wanna see 21 jump street and wrath of the titans
so much wine
: was definitely on the job today. Seems to be fighting the good fight for #Detroit (I hope)!
Outstanding dinner Lamb 2 ways, Grayson raviolini, and the best beignets ever. The view, the service, and the wine list...
thank you steph!!
Book sale at the library this morning. Quick, somebody, take away my wallet!
Woopty doo, I'm getting my throat pierced like this week ;)
Did you know we had MLB All-Stars, Olympians, and a world champion boxer on campus this weekend? Read about it in today's Point Weekly!
Idk what school do u go 2
You And Me Both. RT : Now I'm stuck at the crib bored denna a mug..
But you are right about Wordpress. It could be a huge resource in fifty or a hundred years. But will anyone be able to get to it?
Mind over matter
In the event of a #zombie outbreak, make sure to shut the door behind you as the #undead often come over without calling first.
too bad
Judging in progress
Your going to LOVE the #CoastalClassic!!
#DEEPESTSONGSOFALLTIME Moments - One Direction
I couldn't believe it! *I* just called them so they could deal with her shooting up...& they wanted to arrest ME! WTF?!
Do the Suns intend on running Hedo at the four on the regular? That could be ... Interesting.
OUT OF 21.5million people is FOLLOWING ME!!!:) #CRAZY:D #blessed #grateful #appreciated:) thanks Justin. #WELOVEYOU:)
": So over that scene! #content .. Btw Crop those 2 bitches out." Who paid the one to be there that night lol
call me..
How's it feel without me baby?
Going to #txla12?! Come meet Marcia Clark (yes that Marcia Clark), at the Crime Time Thriller panel Thursday at 8:30 am!
you guys make an adorable bro/sis pair!! :)
One of those days that makes being an unpaid intern worth it. Sitting in an office listening to music with people that love music.
As a former medievalist and LA native, I was excited to discover your book when doing a Chaucer search. Will read it soon.
We are heading out to Dallas to visit some friends.
The next person who dares to suggest that a punching bag is as emotionally rewarding as smashing furniture is getting a chair to the jaw.
#nowplaying Ellie Goulding "Lights" text at 69822 if you like!
Travolta today, Tom tomorrow.
Of course. Thanks for taking the time to speak with us. Much, much appreciated.
Just got an email from the Nittany Lion Club promising a "pro-style, high energy, and innovative" offense this season. I feel better already
I just want to get testing over with. 😒
you can get it at your local liquor store.
chocolate wasted
Listeni to proud of u
On my way to school then rehersal. Love you guys. Enjoy the day. xxoo A.L
i guess...still very upsetting.
How do you go from "baby stars" to "big stars?" In my latest blog I tell you seven strategies. , ,
$108m on the military, $16m on education. Priorities! MT If the U.S. govt won the $540 million lotto, it would be spent in 75 min.
Just heard a guy at the train station praising Christ thru music. #justwhatIneeded :-)
I'm so impressed with Dy's experience and knowledge of dog-think.-Andrea R., Dallas, TX
my main cologne smell , usher >
Poo! It's a shame we aren't there. :(
FOLLOW ALREADY OR I'LL HAVE TO LICK UR TIT.
The Knicks offense is dumber than Zooey and Siri.
adoption is fantastic but we need to keep pushing #interoperability if we want to impact patient safety. #
“: And Tampa Bay will take Boise St. RB Doug Martin.”
I miss Kosova :( ♥
Spiced pecans are THE JAM.
Why don't we still have Ryan Madson >_<
Fifth day in Chicago and the only picture i've taken is of a trashcan...
Thanks for listening however you can! :)
Financial constraints force several nursing homes to close their doors
Yay! I made a difference. Go Team Joshua!
With my beautiful sister watching anthony de mello! Hyfr! Errthang is going to change!
RT : Each day you have another chance to change your life. Take ownership of your future. Discover your direction and follow it.
Porter Square: 2x flavor change this week! Today we've got ever popular Creamsicle. Wait until tomorrow to see what we'll swap rose with :)
Well, tonight and tomorrow night are sold out, but you can still catch Play it Again, Sam Sunday at 2pm or Fri-Sun next week. Don't miss it!
getting used to mine for coding and like the effect. Wore them to hang out after, ended up with a headache.
Hi, Lisa! It's great to be here. It's been awhile.
#Yikes RT : HANG NAIL !
errm, if you must abbreviate, use 'Nottm' as in Forest rather than 'Notts' as in County
You can get that at a place near me for half that. I say it's overpriced.
Hey man its JD. Text me your cell num. I lost a bunch of nymbers when I got a new phone
Unbelievably #tired!!
Thinking about how to cut a "butterfly" into a walnut slab to prevent a natural crack from opening up further. (I did this earlier today).
just got my nails done 
Just saw Matt LeBlanc at the grocery store.
Thank you for the follow! Congrats on the launch of a very impressive group!
When it rains, it pours!
The NBA should split the vote 50 percent fans 50 percent players/media. No one who isn't playing shouldn't make it
PSSA begin in less than 24 hours...
Odd to think that lots of libraries don't have a strategic plan, or at least "strategic vision"
I'm having trouble listening online today. Is it just me?
Nice to meet you Casey. Thanks for the follow. WE Liked your FB page & RT'd.
I think you meant that the other way...
MONDAY - Weekend High - Cats won. Weekend Low - went to homicide scene on Sunday. Life unnecessarily lost. Sad.
Pumped Up Kicks is such an innocent sounding song, but when you look up the lyrics its so...not innocent.
you welcome bro
The cause of any upset or unhappiness is not the actual situation, but the thoughts that my mind creates concerning the situation.
RT For the $120 million spent on a piece of artwork, 175,188 children could have gotten food stamps for a year.
Lost a battle but I won the motherfucking war. Hell yea!
that is great!
right but at least your getting a new one big papers.....
there is no better way to tell the story of Passover, and that's coming from a Jew.
Thank you, Mike! Gonna miss you tomorrow!!!
": I second that! RT : I'd like to see Shareeka Epps in more movies."Right! Where has she been?
lol me too! I love it when he throws the "fluffy stuff" in the air :D
Beyond excited for DIS orientation today!
thanks! listed u 20x
she loves and misses you too :)
All orders over $100.00 get a 5% discount today only. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code: 4928
close homie, thx for playing try back again tomorrow...
#NowPlaying Breaking Benjamin - Firefly .
I want to see the avengers so bad !
Lunchtime is YOUR time. Bite into a Premium Chicken Sandwich or Angus Deluxe & taste freedom.
Unless you're a very big Jesus lover and won't stfu, then Atheists.
I love me some Bob Baffert. I just do!
I believe Good Morning Moon is the prettiest song I have ever heard. It makes me happy and misty-eyed every time.
Never Mind xx
Girls i do adore
Obama promises Immigration reform early 2nd term there are 11 MO B4 a new President swears in, Economy still weak,already promised Russians
: How'd you know that's exactly the recipe I was looking for??
Excited to be heading to conference with Clockwork is invading NYC!
RT : founder if speaking at #SMW11 about collaboration: it starts w shared problems
History Repeats Platinum Lounge Feb 17th with MercyMercedes. Feb 20th With Abel in Hopewell and Feb 28th at The Polish Club
Sure, and where to focus times and when is enough effort enough … limitations as well as maximizing your personal ROI
what. #confused haha
- #WantAnR8 to get me tired of my A3 :)
Someone like you<3
That's a fun movie!
#IM BLESSED... IN 3 WORDS I CAN SUM UP EVERYTHING I' VE LEARNED ABOUT LIFE; IT GOES ON.
Grr, I wish I brought my laptop with me to work today. I could use this "waiting on other people" thing to my benefit.
That is adorable.
RIP Junior Seau. One of the greatest (and friendliest) Chargers
thanks for the follow. Like your stuff...
tired is an understatement!
They comin like a bat out of hell on transition said mike brown! Lmao!
Here we go again... "140-pound pip-squeaks" Really?!!! Go take a look at the pro peleton buddy.
#CBSNJDebate lot of clarity is missing in middle East relations, who is a friend or foe, Cain says and I agree
Good morning all!
Oh Lord. What done happened?
East of the river bro
OMG i got a video camera what did you guys get?
Marques Houston e Wlad Borges- Circle Remix
Kittehs are spunky creatures though
I really like this pic of you.
Jonathan Lucroy would rather play Football professionally than soccer. Scoreboard fact
Time to make the coffee
The world is spinning, my eyes are hot, and my skin hurts. Either I have a fever, or I'm turning into the Hulk. Very slowly.
Might go to Alabama on June 23
Fourteen hours left to contribute to the short film, the feature film prequel for STRONG MEN! Please support victims of male sexual abuse.
Okay I'm done with this game.__.
Different transfer rule. A fact most people seem to be conveniently ignoring.
finished watching 's new video. Thank you for being so positive and a source of support for all of us.
Its ok Jones, you'll get the next one!!
Excited about the new Reconnection app for smartphones. Launching soon!!
AH thank you! I needed that today :D
UK is down, but I think everyone is just waiting for Cal to say "Go Go Gadget Offense". Convinced they'll win by at least 8
#TLG2012 Beat the registration rush in the morning. Pick up your registration material until 8pm tonight.
I love my boyfriend with all my heart, he is the best thing that ever happened to me <3<3<3<3<3
thanks for the RT Chris :) how is everything going?
landlord is trying to catch us ridin' dirty. too much noise at the brain? welcome to da dogg pound
Wow. If you want to download a single article from the Journal of Political Ideologies, it'll cost you $36. What a rip off!
i loved your performance last night.i think it will be you and Jessica in the end.RT
If everyone could vote for Donald Driver in #DWTS, it'd be much appreciated! 1-800-868-3403 He got a 29 tonight!
Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good, his love endures forever. I chroniclrs 16:34 niv
im boredd. tweet me?
talking to him though (;
God is good as well! Just enjoying a nice relaxing saturday..watching some soccer and drinking some home made wine!
Hey ! What are you up to RIGHT NOW!!
dear Motto, don't do anything I wouldn't do...
Traveling with 20 people from one state to the next is tricky.
Writing my bucket list
I been waiting on this show
One more stop 'til New Mexico. New Mexico is a dry state on Sundays. Drink now or forever hold your peace. Or at least until 7pm.
The heck kind of a school do you go to?!
oh k.
Happy Mumsy Day!!! To my beautiful mum, I'm more grateful 4 u everyday :) love love love spread it like jam on scones x
oh man, once I up my hourly a bit I'd definitely be interested!
Achieve your best body ever with Hollywood Ellite Trainer Max "The Body"
Lazy friday
#vsa2011 museums making happy! We do it, let's talk about it! Yay Dr. Lee
“Vision is not enough,it must be combined with venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps,we must step up the stairs." - Václav Havel
No missing Bush Wacker tonight. Yay for you. :)
So concerned bout my Real life , but thats alright , WHO are YOU ?
I fear the sound of a 5am alarm so much it makes me angry just to hear it when I set it.
I heard you. Nice pitch, I must say.
That sense of humor should be valued the most expensive.
We have summer here...long before it should be summer.
#aligned ~ you lookin #unique & 1 of a kind
Simply a terrific movie. Tears in my eyes now just to remember several key scenes.
my day was #shittyy & #fucked_up I can't wait until Friday
: My mom likes sushi.
Thanks to for stopping by today. Check out his set tonight everybody!
Wow #bgc8 is ridiculously funny.
For the public school parents....It's End of Grade Testing time. Care to share suggestions for successful testing?
Mid-South Super State, Grapevine, Tx....Labor Day weekend 2011!
(PS: it's the last day to enter!!)
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Coffee & Dale Counties until 01:15 PM
It looks like a panda bear!
Great job tonight, sorry I couldn't have stayed longer. Too little time in the day!
Cut three more inches off the mop. Love me some fresh hair.
And on that note I'm going back to sleep...
Awesome, what a great cause!
Well done!
Everytime that I see my cousin I like playing with her and laughing at her LOL!!! HAHAHA... and she gets mad!!!
I talk to my feet like they are my friends
Musings: Don't take yourself too seriously. Often, what we accomplish is tied to luck. Control is often an illusion.
oh sorry love. i thought i did
lazy day for not go skateboarding >_<
He was in a tag team for two years with Davey Richards.
RT : Come support tomorrow at Harambee. Peace and blessing 
Spent a nice hour and a half with my guitar today :)
HOF LB Harry Carson on Sirius: 'Knowing what I know now, I told my daughter that (my 2-year-old grandson) is not going to play football.'
Enjoying some alone time on my night off, ground turkey and a movie.
“: Love puts you in the craziest situations when it comes to making a decision.”
Fine. I shall play blindfolded Tetris.
doing pretty well! :)
Sounds like the consensus is at least Shaq, Payton, and Beaver. Those three alone would significantly change the complexion of this class.
Can't even give me the time of day to punctuate... DAMN
looking forward to seeing you there!
Good Morning !
i'd gopro my entire life if i could.
just peeking in to see about any time in lA for Kisses.
Origin of proton|neutron|electron is still unknown. Imagine hypothetical chargino wino slepton gluino axion dilaton majoron & so on...
enjoyed the College Football preview show. Special thanks to for the Razorback love.
“ God's anger is always for us, not at us. He is angry at the darkness that hurts us, not us personally." Christian Erickson”
Don't forget about VIP Night at Scholars tonite!!! All appetizers, buy one get one free!
So proud of my boy , you've gone so far now kid.
Elegance For Less!!!
The record is finished!!!
thanks for regblogging my post on the NC museum--also, I went to grad school in Edinburgh! Love it!
Canvas Art Shop Provides Homeowners With Treats for Home Decoration
Believe it or not, im actually finding myself caring about the #Pacers in the NBA playoffs. Wow!!!
Currently airing an interview with Steve Elkins which will be followed by Drona Parva, Eliane Radigue and then Catherine Christer Hennix
I'm sending this by tweet & Text if anyone that attended the crawfish boil Friday & the Party @ my house have Pictures please share them!!!!
School! Hope the day flies by! Lol
Will always be a
says Marcus mills
Yay! I have a couple lined up. He's finally coming back to Pgh. How have you been?
Good to see a loyal season ticket holder get rewarded #Clippers. Im still waiting on the Wizards...
Looking to improve your Long Island home? Get a free painting estimate this weekend! 877-912-5252
I literally have no single friends that ever want to go out ... Do I start buying cats now or later? Haha
We are writing a grant proposal letter for Indiana Humanities Council and waiting for Andrew to come and pick up a program. Yay!!
#nationalhonestyday people should just tell the truth everyday, but we all know that's not gonna happen
Ditto ............ RT : I'm hoping my coffee has magical powers this morning!
Showing off my sweet moves on the ski hill.
FYI those zoom buttons do not work in Chrome at the very least.
have a safe trip. It was nice to meet you.
I really dug 'If I Ever Get Around To Living'...his vocal tone sounds different on that track, but it worked for me.
Time for bed.. Excited for my day off tomorrow :)
Bibliography week? What? Where?
Its been a busy year so far at AZHG! Custom T-shirts are Big right now! Its going the year of Uniqueness!
New Fre$h BlueMonster layout made by us posted up NOW! Check it out, and give us your honest opinion! <3
m historically inaccurate
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Lee Strobel, Joel Tudor, Greg Waterman, The Black Eyed Peas on video
When my mom offered me a talk it was never good “: China, France, Germany, Russia, UK and US offer talks to Iran.
Why did I have to see that HSN tweet ...O my word I'm pacing back and forth to tv to computer to tv. Ok let me just see whats on HSN brb
can someone give my dude tory lanez some cred cuz he be goin n
Just finished church now I'm going home
I'm rarely blown away by political results. #BradfordWest is absolutely astonishing. 10,000 majority!!!
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada ......
Praying for miracles along with you.
