How is it off-topic? They've been discussing both search and social this whole time and how it impacts people.
need to download kik so we could talk all day long!!
Happy Halloween! 💀👻🎃
Some asshole driver just sped through a puddle and now i'm completely drenched.
LOL! I am so keeping that in mind. Favorite venue? (That's the stage we're at)
Blessings! Hope everyone had a great Easter weekend!
thank you, doll for the shout out. You are always such a sweetheart. Have an awesome day, lovely lady.
Morning #kettlebells Afternoon circuit training and Evening cardio.
Being radmod more like half-caf. Decaf espresso would wantonly violate laws of the universe....
Good webinar. I teach grad class-Univ Denver on Strategic WFP. Interested in reviewing Dow case w/them in spring. Your thoughts?
Working hard can beat talent but if your talented and you work hard you can't be beat. - RG3
want to do one of workshops!
#YEE going outside for gym<3(:
ugh lucky. I would do the same.
Nothing just have my eyes on something bigger :)
Great to hear that! We've seen a nice uptick lately on all fronts. Please let us know how we can improve it for you
Please tell me you tweet that because you love that song. Its not Party In the USA, but amazing nonetheless. :-)
calmdown&buy a stuffed animal. I got 3. They cuddle w/ you&when you don't want to deal with them you can toss them under the bed.
Needs warm weather... Missing Florida.
Looking forward to going to Houstion this week for family reunion !
damn that's a fine ass.
Orlando vs Steak - THE CHALLENGE 60 min to eat 72oz USDA Choice Top Sirloin Steak, Baked Potato, Shrimp Cocktail, Side Salad.
Shredded cheese on everything. Preferably Mild Cheddar. Sometimes Mexican style when feeling colorful.
hop out bed.... stretch... look in mirror... wassup world!
that sounds much more frightening.
Guys we need more sample scripts! Send us some scripts to
Way to go Train! Congrats!
40 wazillion people on mobile + RE agents doing video on YouTube = crappy user experience. HOST YOUR OWN VIDEOS.
colt 45 billboards on every corner... works every time
Of course havin an with my #lunch !!!!
can't wait to take you live on my air for breaking big apple news! seriously, SO excited for you.
total clowns homie
I just set up my FB timeline last night and I did notice that it sort of resembles pinterest. Interesting.
because we are friends and it has been months since I made a creepy comment. That was some restraint.
Things are good. I am trying to get a balance and include tweeting. And you?
Watched the tv movie: Norma Jean & Marilyn (1996). Ashley Judd and Mira Sorvino gave amazing performances and both had nice racks
lol too much money!!
ready for me3 go shoot some spacers up
Thank you wpd for messing up the transformer outside my house.. its now the only one with out power..
What a great organization!
Im a Laker fan, but Metta World Peace is got to be the stupidest fuckin name I've ever heard, show some respect to your parents asshole
you guys watchin' the skins? what's happening?? we look like a jv squad out there
Free of charge!!! lol That is a pretty sweet deal!!!! ;)
You trenders literally make me want to bang my head into a wall #pathetic #ThrowBackSongs afroman isn't a throw back
having one of the MOST stressful days ever!
While Moffat apologizes for accent "sorry if you can't understand me," event emcee quips: "You must be from Lubbock, right?" Right.
Setting some time aside this wknd for anyone who wants a consulting session or service work…offering discounts if you contact me right away.
Gotta get my own place ASAP! I'm tellin u smh...that's my goal for 2012!
apparently I am visiting the land of whilte asparagus... it even has a twitter handle!
thanks! I see that you like green, but for a different reason. MSU is my 4th favorite #BigTen team.
If a room genuinely calls for richness in color or pattern then by all means use it at the windows. Ex:Lg. rooms w/tall ceilings & windows.
Wished would be out for my #charity #fashionshow for the
#OWSNAshville has been given 24 hours to disband or be evicted by Police. Occupiers are needed NOW more than EVER. PLEASE SHARE!!!
Dont no nigga want no dumb women
Women say men are all the same, but some (like men) are just as guilty
PickUpLine: So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
Its not Christian
Matt Barnes a lame ass nigga. One of them niggas that'll date a chick everybody ran through. He's the Mario Chalmers of Los Angeles.
Hello, whats good with you. Hope you and the kids are doing well c'',)
I need more followers.....Tell your friends to follow. Let me know about it and I'll do the same.
I'm getting the new windows phone. Samsung Focus. XD
Need more followers. #RT you won't regret it.
if someone is posting just followed by a link (no text), 99% chance its spam. why not prevent that/block abuse like that?
I reaaallly need more followers :P
Bergamot Station for the Home.Sweet.Home Gerald Slota/Neil La Bute exhibit.
don't let your destiny pass you by....
Man I love this show
Tonight on the LoCash Stage Tomcat Malta! Time to go a little Old School. Gidddyuuuup. JC
S.I.N. night is going strong! Hope everyone has a chance to come out and see us for some great deals!
HAWKS WIN
hahah FA FREE.
NEW FOR APRIL: Bill Mould's "Spirit and Enigma" ceramic sculptures and wall art. Opening reception Friday 13th @ 6pm!
Gorgeous sunny day on the
Be sure to check out at her exhibition with young qualifier Mariel Galdiano at 11:00am on the Practice Range!
MJ in da hizzouse. "BEAT IT, just BEAT IT!!!"
Crazy question: I need help finding someone who can pluck and clean a lot of chickens tomorrow. Help! Know anyone????
aw! Lol dude I wish graciela hadn't been in them xD
So stoked for you to go show your skills in Seattle. Congrats!!
Teen Wolf Season 2 = So Ready !
PS today u get to have a cookie w/ ur coffee. Don't 4get ur running shoes! Lol
I try 1.million times!
I'm getting there early and tryin to mosh Disney and Universal into the ground.
sushi yes Indian not yet :)
I need my money pronto! 👏
We won't be 17 forever so we can get away with this tonight 🎉🎈🍻
WOW. just WOW. i am so incredibly proud of you and that song was the definition of perfect. dude, YOU'RE GETTING BIG!!!
Love us some SeattleMaven!
Convert here we need 7 again
lolz.... i like prodigy... Did u meet mb yet??
sounds good! Let us know what's happening out there and we my just come out!
i cannot believe i havent slept in 4 days. my body is slowly shutting down.
#Frustrated about the #IU-#UK series news. At least for now, chalk this up as a loss for college basketball fans.
Trying to wrap my head around Friday ...
thanks for pointing out that there's a lot of space on that dome of mine! hahahah
i do. and you know. me and you (peter and yanze) have been kool how bout you follow me to
My AA kitchen designer said her preacher did not say a word about marriage equality Sun. Won't cost Obama single vote in her church
me too! Text me though Main.
#stillGotACrushON STILL!!! One of the hottest chicks in the business!!! #GivesYouWings :)
I've personally never suffered because of it...
Really looking forward to reading Wiley Cash & Stephen Dau's new books after hearing them at the debut author panel!
I love you Austin!!(: #DedicatedFan <33
I know same goes for you! Be sure to stop us and say hello! :)
I know you got it. Anytime!
haha in ur dreams. Anything thats possible for me to do haha
Tacos!!!! #nuggets Mozgov!
everything is so funny today
i know i know. so are you sexy ;)
Suppose I can share you're on my MKE list... :-) My lists keep my Twitter stream more palatable. ;-)
Many thanks for the honor! I hope to put a couple new posts on my post by the month's end.
its one of those nights! -_-
Help I'm so bored.
So glad to be on bandwagon with you. Can u smell division lead by Sunday afternoon???
thanks gorl! i miss you! how are you?? been 4ever xoxo
Yes--thanks also for the correct spelling of Mr Isenberg's name! :)
do you know what jerseys the packers will be wearing?
Yes! Finished w/ my tissue sketches :)))
Thanks for speaking up! There are certainly many challenges facing live music. We understand your and others frustration.
I <3 New York. I thank god thats my hometown nd not dirty ass Ct. :P #team Ct sucks!!!
Those #braxton sister are a mess. I love them.
almost as good as your shows! Keep creative!
Thats a good thing try to go 3 more lol
Lindsay Lohan vs Perez Hilton. I can't
not quite sure how this works. Im sure I will eventually find my way
M! Egg-in-the-basket cooked in coconut oil may be my new fav b'fast. Thanks for suggestions to cook with it.
And I bumped into on my walk to work today. Puts a smile on my face.
Some people really make me laugh with what they tweet, especially when it doesn't even apply to them at all.
When the fuck did everyone become younger than I am?
Judy Dench is returning to the London stage, playing an aging Alice in Wonderland. The production may transfer to Broadway if successful.
You're welcome!
crazy Indian name of the day: Decayed Shoe. Still doesn't top Parched Corn Flour though...
This is the first class I've been to all day!
thanks, friend. I appreciate the info!
found my future baby pig today...her name will be Sheela, and I will potty train her #pigobsession :)
that's good nd thanks !
i wana go to orange beach ,, the wharf .
"For the record, I still hate that workout." - Crossfit Milwaukee's Andy M., four days AFTER doing the workout 'Eva.'
lol I was really laughing aha. but I'm goin to bed Tequan
cedric all day!
people are making fun of me cause i like your music. I'm sad
it is a great loss for Donna Summer, but on a lighter note U LOOKED GREAT ON TMZ LAST NIGHT
today's fashion is " nude"
I do
Wow. Huge #'s for MA. RT : Thanks! MT : Elizabeth Warren. $5.7M, 23,000 MA donors. And she's smart too.
I have no idea :p I think the books came from the bookstore that sponsored the event here in IL so idk if others r doing it.
Here we go.... 2 hour all staff meeting. Way to start a Monday! Let's see what this is about...
thanks, glad you liked the shirt, I almost didn't wear that one
yeah I made more last night than I did in two season at the DUB. Haha
Good morning USA.
Burning eyes, sensitivity to light, or gritty eyes may be due to a vitamin B2 deficiency
Happy Thanksgiving! Have a great day :)
Inevitably however, time marches on.
unless you are way out of focus...
wow really .. I thought ur better then this lmao
RT : Mike Smith? Embellish a call?! The devil you say ...
Nice! The vendors selling pink SF sweatshirts tend to do quite well when tourists show up expecting SoCal weather. ;)
"cereal killer" can totally relate! Love you, Coco and Spart
I was young the last time the O's were any good.
Such a great cause! RT: Head to 2morrow for holiday shopping! A portion of sales go to JP Haitian Relief Org....
Lloyd Alexander's Vesper Holly does Egyptian: Indiana Jones-flavored stories with a heroine. Egypt Game by Zilpha Keatley Snyder.
proximity tweet yo
What a strange case of serendipity!
Listening to this week's #shoptalkshow. border-box FTW!
RT : It's true: Without a major cash infusion we will close in May. Help us raise the $500K we need to stay afloat:...
happy birthday mommy❤
did you warn him you were going to kick him out of the game?
Welcome back!
I folks I have been gone for a while I couldnt type --MS
Arrived in KittyHawk4screening tmrrow night-Thinking what more Punk than the WrightBrothers?That was thinking outside the mainstream :)
Oh my goodesss...was yesterday really Friday?!? Jeez!!
Polls are now open in Indiana (unless you live in the central time zone, where you'll have to wait another hour). Be sure to go vote today!
Here we go aain! RETWEET this for a chance to win FRE Tickets to our show June 15th! with Fuel!!!!
i wonder how all these hometown girls feel now that i'm getting on.....
It's never too late 2 make amends & get it right.Swallow pride.Humbly explain your errors.Time weakens lust, strengthens love. -
Just finished genealogy ebook thriller In The Blood by and loved it!! Hope this is a series.
Its fina be all tha way back like snap back hats cuzzo..I was dwn 4 a min had 2 sit dwn..Its good now n I need yu ona track
from I read piece then read the linked piece that links to WRONG Chris Silva censored by MOCA
I'll think about it..
Hey, Lester! I haven't been on Twitter for over a month. EEk. Just seeing ur post now. How r u? Yeah, I do music videos. :-)
Instant Test Kitchen: what would you do with bananas, toffee, chocolate, brown sugar and cinnamon?
I need a new hat.
Thanks to everyone who came out for the Health Care Reform Panel and Hippocrates Cafe today!
& i always make it harder on whoever's coming next.
– I'm back in town
Such interesting thoughts
yes a man can dance and not look gay.
One of my best teachers always said, "Life is about the choices you make." She was right.
Nope, but I suspected a pun, and then confirmed it. Then I groaned, as all puns deserve.
I'm watching TV TOO;) ha you go to bed ha
October 2011 marks the eighth annual National #CyberSecurity Awareness Month. How serious are cyber threats?
Ahahahaha Rick!!!!! You as well!
like the Massie in round 1...I wanted to badly but couldn't pull the trigger lol
are you guys up to no good?! LOL
follow me to learn about #jobs and job opportunities Nationally =) !!!
thanks for the words, I hope so too!
I was having an off day.
Tonight was simply remarkable. An incredible, heart-filled #phametour culminating show at the Aladdin!!!
word and you twitting getting ready for work I'm lazy not trying to go but it's money
Well at least now you know and didn't have to shell out too much cash to find out!
Enjoyed your class tonight. Great, energetic, and informative lecturers. Let's have a beer again soon. Thanks. Say hi to Robyn.
latkes in red square starts now!
FHD AND MILITA MONEY GANG GONE ROCK DA SHIT OUT LOTUS TONIGHT BE DER.LADYS MAKE SURE U BRING A EXTRA PER OF PANTIES CAUSE U MIGHT GET TO WET
when r the posters shipped?
#ThingsINeverUnderstood why girls wear 4 inch heels to the mall.
:D Bahaha I love you !
RT : NEXT...We are about to talk to Mark Ballas with Dancing With the Stars!!! I am SO excited for this...
Are you offended by our Japanese shirt on tuesdaytees.com?
": My ass still hurts btw." Hm
not good for my cubbies
Is it just me or is it enough if Miss Wisconsin finishes ahead of Miss Alabama?
i've heard one too-many sales pitches from the podium too.
With no #NBA season =( I'll be watching #NHL more.. at least I have my $1 #Bartab drinks to cheer me up
It's 'let's' RT : Lets eat, Grandma or lets granda.. grammar saves us all
. I know you're friends with the future Mrs. , but you've got to be more careful about what you say to her. .
I hope are safe ,,,, well so far they said where not gonna have a tornado
Hey Wanna Be Friends.Im Katie Trays girlfriend
Also says to love and not to judge. Just pray for him and his family, Matt.
So in Madison there are heavy storms and here an hour away it's 80 and sunny
I provide you with valuable knowledge with new construction and re-modeling of your home.
I get my nails done so often it's not even enjoyable anymore.
Game 1 of double header over. Can we make it through game 2?
what I do
Nice informative website
Thanks, It was nice seeing you too.
Ready whenever 👍
my heels are too high and this chair is too low
Carefully consider the path for your feet, and all your ways will be established. Proverbs 4: 26
I really mean it too, and if you need to talk tomorrow, If you feel like breaking down, call or text me.. Okay?
Can we have class outside?!
some folks will do anything for a TD. Can't believe they sacrificed the QB like that wow. Nonetheless TD Pats. Wow.
Not sure if that's the weirdest most amazing game I've ever watched. Or both. I feel like I hallucinated the entire thing...
"Uncovering what's valuable to people is a key to making tons of sales!"
The new website is being built. Can't wait for everyone to see it. Stay tuned... I will let you know when it is live!
Just finished the show! Had a giant chocolate bar and Rubert from Survivor on...great place to work :-)
lolol omg you are amazing:) I Compleatly agree.
PaulyD is the shit!!! Best Dj ever!!
are you still in columbus?
us too!! See you there!
Have fun at Disney today! Definitely don't forget to protect yourself from the sun with sunscreen!
reinvented sex remix >>>>>>>
how was your day.!?
Yep, Mooney. I hear Werth is a "lefty" so he called Scott to "help him out".
Hey, Just want to shoot out to the coolest bounty hunter! Well you and Duane Lee :)
All my exes live in texas like I'm george straight
Don't forget the wool hat. Feel better.
remember when "Exclusive Interview" actually meant the interview was actually exclusive to that outlet?
Cat: "I'll just let myself in, thank you". lol ^.^
We don't have a store set up yet, but we're working on it.
Congratulations to for their new #Tourism & Hospitality practice!
so true http:www.infatuationclothing.com
Drake Ft.Rihanna - Take Care :) #NowPlaying and, also texting
I was about to put that I know your little smartass would say that lol
RT - Pats' Haynesworth pleads no contest to assault: New England Patriots defensive tackle Albert Haynesworth reportedly ...
Sorry, chat platform isn't mobile compatible. May want to try using a remote desktop app. Works for me on iPhone/iPad.
I know its rare! Shoot me a message with an offer.
someone wanna cut my hair?
Excellent closing remarks from at the future of filmmaking expo keynote panel.
First time dining tonight! Any menu suggestions for my italian (and italian cuisine-loving) father?
You didn't cause anything nothing was caused by you. You just think you did.
“: I'm speaking at the University of Wisconsin this evening.”
#Survivor its never to late
Note to self: Never link from Google+ to a Facebook note. Not good.
again, subjective. he has pitched as many games in a season as Mike Marshall did. He has done everything you think he should.
I'll Take Another! Since when does a horse named after his owner's cookie fetish win!? Good thing I had him in my exacta.
Cal scores again! 21-7. Nice to have you back Mr. Bear.
nsta is costing me $1k. Thinking the same thing.
friends forever always will be friends
best food ever
Hahaha, it said it was hard. Lucky thing I knew what it looked like aha. I wish I could redraw it again though.
Thanks for the RT!
would love to work with you! :) let me know if you ever need a model\actress :)
thanks for the awesome Kiehl's shirt for the holiday! Sporting it for Chicago's 'gives back night'! Cheers!
Work it. Girl
Southwest is the New York City taxi of air travel.
Yahoo is everyone's high school newspaper. Filled with bad articles and news people don't care about.
Have you digitized your business? Reachlocal can help. Call today. 817-716-8487
Thank you for following and for the interesting content you provide. Cheers!
Okay so maybe I don't regret going to class. We had a guest speaker and he brought some amazing artist books to show!
Yay! Glad to help :)
Anyone going to the American Coatings Show? Come see #Synthesia at Booth #1647. Give us a shout on Twitter!
What's the point of having a full warranty on your car, when something happens seems like its always the one thing that's not covered smh
I said the same thing, but I didn't even see yours! Lolz
a USB port on the right side wouldn't hurt my feelings, either.
He who laughs last didnt get it.
Happy New Year folks! Y'all have fun and STAY SAFE out there. Hope to see you in 2012!
fuck them! They missed out, you're too fine for them.
so I'm totally BS-ing this article review for anthropology...my English teachers would be ashamed.
Also missed the fact that RDJ was tebowing before he went out to present with Gwyneth Paltrow ha!
What worries you masters you. Haddon Robinson
Starting with another new drum student today! Early 20s, never played.
“: #askanything: The Godfather or On The Waterfront?” On The Waterfront
Can't sleep hit me up
This nigga just said we almost broke up lmao
ah, so that's the secret!
Ha, the button trick. I got pretty good at that :/
Got the nice guys in training so they can stop finishing last.lol
Hey I'm moving into your room with you .. K? K.
I want to hang out with
follow if you aren't already.
you can be.
RT : For those interested, I'm booked March 4-6th. Got accepted to !!
I LOVE TO DANCE*
RT : Yes. We’ve used games with several clients, including VeriSign, Rackspace, Cisco, and Jive, to name a few.
Hey Anacostia, Capitol Hill, Foggy Bottom, & Connecticut North tweeps: know of any spots for Zipcars in your areas? Let us know about 'em!
Bout to hop on #TheWeeknd flow
Maybe my new email address goes to your spam, but I can't think why. I'm now
Which part of Italy are you based? I'll be there in June.
Sri Lanka was once called Ceylon? I had a feeling #BattlestarGalactica was an allegory for the struggles of the Indian subcontinent!
please follow me
Appeals court overturns SF man's sentence - San Francisco Chronicle
Camping in Harpers Ferry took a terrible turn for the absurb when the dog opened his bowels inside the car. The tears were real.
Damn. I swear every time I see you, I fall even more in love.
just wondering why we do things;why do cities have #opendata catalogs, contests, hackathons, etc? are these tropes? or bandwagon?
idk?! Can't sleep...started twatchin
Please help get to 1,500 followers!
Thank you to our wonderful emcees: You did a wonderful job of announcing San Diego's Best Moms!
Damn, I hate bubble play when I am short stacked.
Signs were put up for an event for Taos political candidate Ernestina Cruz. Roy Cunnyngham took them down. Then an unknown man beat him up.
I gotta stop falling asleep so damn early...smh
who knows
These foo's suck at 2k
GOP raises prop taxes a billion, then tries to cut them 4 mil the next and run on it? How little they must think of Minnesotans.
This is a great week for final 2012 planning. Be #persistent & your reward is #consistency. SeanLetwat
WIshing everyone enjoy a glorious spring weekend - fabulous in Virginia! :)
The Secret Circle Extended Promo 1x20 - Traitor HD - crystals
we're on our second prius. Especially love the new one. Congrats
Hey buster.. is giving up Felix hern. For kevin youkilis jake peavy and Johann Santana good or bad?
#Its2012 And Yall Females Still leting A nigga record you sucking dick or wadever n u wanna tlk about other ppl being Hoes !
To yoga or not to yoga tonight.....
Show me "urs" and I'll show u "mine"
Almost time for school dismissal :) then one more day!!!
right on... thanks for the RT.
Thanks for the follow <3
Just saw post re: Preston & Child. Warning: highly addictive!
RT : What lies behind us, and what lies before us, are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. Oliver Wendell Holmes
loved watching on my fair wedding teaching the couple to dance. and the soho studio is wow amazing.
what's up?!? Welcome to twitter!
Was it easy working in layers? The end result is amazing and full of possibilities.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYBODY =}
WHAT?! I'm about to cry :S
Getting ready for south hills Sunday nights:00 join us at south hills.tv
Be sure to tune into MADMIC SHOW 6:30pm tomorrow for our exclusive interview about the upcoming Winter Film Awards!!!
Happy Birthday to the College of Communications And Information, may the joining go forward with great vigor.
After not eating fast food for all of 2011, we still haven't gone back! So proud of ourselves!
mardy - don't bother replying 2 roddick's nonsense. Just let the scoreboard do the talking. Neb? Really.
Oh hello #Salma #Hayek. She looks so good in the new Burger King commercials..
BIG THANK YOU to and for spreading the word.
I have some wines that are excellent representations of the indigenous Greek varietals that you should try next.
Energy conservation is the foundation of energy independence..
Same applies to twitter // : Remember the buddy icon? You always knew who was a slut by how sultry their buddy icon was.
RT : Lord help me to love sincerely and deeply in a way that inspires, touches and encourages everyone I meet today. Amen:)
Georgia SB 414 has officially passed!
Just won Jingle Bash Tickets!! thanxs Nikki!
Ready to fuck shit up tonight...
VOTER FRAUD.
Caught without a pacifier when your baby wants one? Try cheap, easy, & ever-present pacifier substitute = your (clean) pinky finger.
Come on Miss state yall are making the SEC Look Bad!!
I'm sitting next to Natalie Angiuli right now and dying. Her voice is AMAZING!!!! Buy her new cd on iTunes!
- Don't be an apple cyborg!
i cant wait to see you sqaushed on the floor tonight.. haha;p
I need drugs and liquor. Where's a Mexican when you need one
I wonder what my chances are of getting a seat at the bar ce soir?
suffer from chronic constipation, which disrupts a regular life style. empty my bowels every fifth day. condition of mine getting worse
Damn Auto Correct. Smh
No fridges?
The hustle is in full effect
- You got it, Gavin! It's out honor to represent this very talented band.
Looking forward to hanging with you tomorrow night...can't wait to see you dance it up as well!
I love #CallMeMaybe with and more, more other stars!
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. -Robert Frost
I have a couple start ups I am working on. I would like to know more about what you do and see if you can help me get them going!
MSLP technical intraday alert target range .02 this could move fast
You're either a leader or a follower.
better remove my photo from the profile before I report her.
Happy first day of spring, I see it is beautiful in NY today...headed their on Firday! Metropolitan Room, here I come!
you can talk to me if you want
Just got back from a neighborhood walk. The best exercise I get Plus we patrol the neighborhood keeping crime down. They never know the time
next saturday 4/21 we'll be interviewed on Lesbian Love Talk! Can't hardly wait!
Swimming :) Fell asleep on my tummy, my bum got a bit red but still having fun. Breezy today here, still very nice weather. LA Saturday.....
agreed. ;) i'd love sum of that.
in my experiences w/ him he's called. So as long as your number is right I don't think you have anything to worry about.
So exciting! Danyelle, you deserve to be in the same room with such an inspirational woman - you inspire me every day!!
Hey Gordon, thanks so much for all the interviews and awareness you created for our charity last night at Rise!!
"Woot! Watching #Shoulda on ! So proud of the and ! #Dallas" ☛Thanks for the love!
Congrats man - what company? How's John doing (or has it been a while since you were there?)
Chicago will not have a white Christmas this year.
Random Thoughts: Isn't Dan Rooney a little bit old to serve as the Ambassador to Ireland?
I'm Good! Just going to school and living life. You?! Did you change your #?
Wow. That must have been quite a project. How cool. Thanks!
oh my and are all on maybe they arew creeping and want to follow us
Don't feel good at all:(
Pixie just had a seizure ; ( ... so scary!
Wondering if is hungover this morning.
The jacket's probably optional if you're wearing a button-down shirt.
You bet! Will I see you there?
The company is a dedication to my Grandfather Archie-Rose & his friend, the great Fred Rose, Whom my grandfather took his stage name
My vocal hero is gone. Vocal performance perfection! Whitney Houston.
To say I've got it all...is to shell me short.
Wow huge upsets today #Duke just lost
I'm convinced that Volstad can't perform under pressure. I bet Braun did that on purpose.
Excited for National Jesuit Day of Service tomorrow. Representing at and the Pacific Northwest.
hahaha i bet!! oh god that was embarrasing lol
Tonight Ladies are FREE All Night. Come Party with Me & You know How we Do it Each and Every Sunday.
I feel like people who don't take the time to capitalize the letter "I" when they type are just lazy.
I woun't let you close enough to hurt me
I'm tired of this!
RT : Oh, your son just opened his mouth to take a breath? Post this on Facebook, I can't wait to like it.
You don't know you're beautiful <3
Hey there, little regular fry in my curly fries. Just be yourself, buddy.
Stop being a stranger.... —___—
ah, thanks for the explanation! I thought I was hallucinating
I think I need a new fcking bf. I'm tired of this shit.
"If it doesn't matter who wins or loses, then why do they keep score?"
Watching 90210 (part 1). Brenda said, "Performance oriented coffee shops are where it's at right now."
Fair Play movie premiere tonight, 7pm at the B Spot in DC. Arrive EARLY due to limited parking!!!!
Thinking about teen participation in libraries and the collaboration continuum.
Yes, receiver constructs, but according to a socially constructed codec that is transindividual …
Small world! RT : Why am I not surprised to see and at #GuardianChat?
Why thank you Karen :)
looking at your dress makes me want to go to prom.. 👗
RT : And didnt those two guys used to wrestle as the Wild Samoans?
is on KGOU NPR today at 2! Tune in, punk!
ugh!!i have to pay $150.00 in monthly storage fees and $70 plus dollars in insurace for my benz
I'm asian ._. If you don't wash your hair, you'll get a dry scalp.. that's what they all tell me.
“: Oh wow, a celebrity followed you? How cool. You're basically a star!” ;)
Happy Friday, Cheyanne! Hope you're doing well!
Enjoyed being at w/ to unveil Meals That Matter disaster relief trailer - bkfst was grt!
it's not hard
#ThingsMyExSaid "why are you talking to all these dudes? Your not allowed to talk to ________ anymore."
Dreamed last night that my car was stolen. With my BlackBerry in it.
Andres, very funny slogan indeed.
#NP blink 182 "what's my age again" on U can nvr go wrong w/playing blink :)
Hey, um, yeah, we're going to need you to go ahead & get that project done now... Yeah...
RT ": If you ain't gone be real with no one else. At least be real with your damn self."
Topped out @ 101 cappers with NBA & NHL posted plays with the same 2 consensus on Mavs & Warriors..See ya @ the window
look up ^^^^ you just said you were hungry..
But I am like a green olive tree in the house of God: I trust in the mercy of God for ever and ever. (Psalms 52:8).
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO can I get a SHOUTOUT FOR MY BEST FRIENDS BDAY PLZ
I love
In need of a fruit cup.
I am encouraged because I meet more and more compassionate fathers every day!
thanks for the reminder! I almost forgot that pink champagne is her favorite!
lucky bitch! I is so jealous! I miss my baby!!):
Omg I had said..would it Ethier makes a Homerun..& then u know it..It makes a homerun!! Yaya!! #Dodgers leading 4-0
If you're going to be a bear be a grizzly! Haha! I love family time!
love the boutique! it's like the sweet valley twins went for a milkshake at the peach pit with their biker boyfriends.. xoxo
Thanks for the RT, Steven!
Thanks to everyone who tuned-in to last night's premiere...Don't miss next Tuesday night when the boys break out the chainsaws!
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous —— Coco Chanel
yea, no problem. What time?
I have so much to read but need to pack...like Ross I think I we should be on a break from reading.
When did you first start making video's? Hhahaa, your really good! (:
#34 is a HOF in my book. Was very nice to me when I was little in Houston. Stand up guy who was good for the game.
How bout my Grizz !
are you where I think you are?
Red eyed and blue
#NowPlaying 'Helplessness Blues' by Fleet Foxes
A reminder to families, parents, caregivers about BAA Narratives today!
Sad :,( School isn't closed today. Snow y you no stay?!
did you find this using SeeSaw :)
Do you have questions about your insurance coverage? Feel free to give us a call. We'll give you the scoop! 505-345-8757
YES!!! just tell me when
Q6, we have to watch the board pretty closely, there's a lot of sneaky folks out there
I feel like I am going to toss cookies
Um roadtrip to see might actually be happening!!! 16 hours!! But well worth it ;)
I just finished a 2.61 mi run with a pace of 7'21"/mi and a time of 19:13 with Nike+ GPS.
I'm glad i have a father and mother. Love them both.
I'm all caught on Vampire Diaries! Oh my goodness, cray! I don't even know what to say about the ending!
RT : hey Obama was a drug user,talk about that!!//Hey, Bush was an alcoholic and coke addict, talk about that!
#ImThatPersonWho sticks up for my family no matter what the situation is ,
was she fat? sexy? im tryin to picture it in my mind
She's front and off to the right.
ok i'll try to give you a call!
She acts like summer and walks like rain...
If your apart of #TEAMJUMP RT so I can see how big the #TEAM got
that happen to me the other day, but because I'm in the navy, they let me go!
Football begins & basball season is coming to a close. Time to change into my fall sports clothes...wearing the silver and black..GO RAIDERS
Retina display is pretty sweet. 30 day trial begins.
Was just given possibly the world's largest cream puff...I am what I eat. Thanks Kim!
lol das wassup yall down to be in a couple more videos this summer?
Good point (Robot Greggo voice). You're my baseball homie. GO RANGERS.
Hey 2012, it's time for new beginnings!
lol #overdramatic but I love it!
Public Service Announcement: The new gmail is vaguely tolerable with the "high contrast" theme.
“AdSense For Local Commerce” Signpost Raises $3.75M From ...
Analyzing the quote "colonization made us into a submerged people" my student writes: "So why did Filipinos submerge themselves?"
Can't deal.
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or . ~ Groucho Marx
If I were you, I'd stop going to Cubs/Cards game. #badluck #GoCubsGo :)
Ugh, you're so gorgeous!
that good and yea im sitting in class for 2 hours then im gone
The word has two separate definitions and when dealing with people on emotional subjects, it's easy for the line to be blurred.
Thanks, Didn't know about that one, and most of my links are for photography gear anyway. Will switch over from
girl i'm sick and so i can't revise and its stressing me out but this is just what i needed! thank you!
lol i bet buddy :)
Gonna get Vlados!
Fuck Gary Sheffield
darn it...I forgot about heatsync tonight. How'd it go? I'm sorry I didn't make it out.
At p-nut chilling
got it. that's interesting...I know nothing about betting, haha
I'm Shaft, Dolemite, and Opie Cunningham all in one.
Busy, #CrossFit Games. Will surface for a breath soon.
when coughing on the subway, people look at you like they want to kill you...
I have the special edition copy of Lion King on DVD I'll watch it with you
Just announced Traveling Circle with The Psyched and Midnight Kids Friday, May 7 @ Secret Project Robot www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
And then my MacBook stopped working and wouldn't turn back on. Awesome
Quality time with my newly acquired #comics on the quiet car.
Good Morning Folks.... You All Have a Blessed Day..
It needs to be 40 hrs of cash games.
Amazing. RT : bend over to the flo, touch ya toes, back dat ass up and down and get
know anyone in SD? RT Seeking #SanDiego #Photographer to do family pics+casual headshots for me. DM or @ me pls
? for TP: Which of the 8 basic principles of In Search is most imp. today besides BIAS FOR ACTION. Tell TP its Mark ret. WMT vet
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle."
#IfICouldDoItOverAgain I would have made sure the gate was closed before I let Astro out.
Coding till 6am for 2 nights with phonegap+jquery mobile+html5. Javascript is so bad & I miss Visual Studio. Still, made great progress! :-)
com — Stan Stearns, the photographer who took one of the most famous pictures of all time, has died at 76
Thanks for the Re-Tweet!
I know you do
Paul Pierce has come to play tonight!
A lot can be said in 21 minutes to make me smile for the next month. ☺❤
So the invisibility cloak doesn't really work, eh?
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!! you probably wont but its worth the try!
Get out of those goddamned bathtubs already.
“People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.” - Apple Computers
My little corner of L.A. has a bunch, too. Haven't gone to any of the straight-up Bollywood shows yet. (Just stuff like "Water".)
: The wall between editorial and advertising is as much for economic reasons as for ethical reasons. We can do better.
yeah just heading over there ... the usual
Sponsorship levels will go up when $conditions ease. Then speaker expenses might be paid & fees go down.
The Great Spirit will listen, if you only speak
This series looks about over.
Motivational quote for today: When you are truly comfortable in your own skin, not everyone will like you, but you won't care one bit
Marley festival n austin,burnin it down'! Im there n 2hrs-r u?
can you follow me<3? PLEASE<3
haa, you can turn off the sun, but im still gonna shine. :)
We might die from medication, but we sure killed all the pain
rats, missed you. I should check twitter more often.
I'm so hot that you would Probly catch a tan around this motha fucka
when are you picking it up? Did you get the loan?
No text msgs or calls..
How exciting. I shook hands with a Millionaire yesterday!! I hope his good fortune rubs off on me!!
Anyone had the pleasure of meeting Gary Turner at Halltown, MO on 66? Runs an amazing replica gas station and a super nice guy
“: Okay, that scene is done... now on to the next which does not involve ninjas... or does it?” / Yes, ninjas or I won't watch.
Ik U Support Us... Give Us A Shout Out!
I'm so CONFUSED!!
Kathy is looking smashing and Anderson is a silver fox! Happy 2012 America!
Dinner Ians Cinnamon & Honey French Toast Sticks, 3 Servings, Starbucks Doubleshot Cinnamon Dulce Coffee + Energy
Yeah, quite a rain-fall in the am. certainly gonna be some flooding in some places in the area.
I am War Plan White. ;)
Oh insomnia....I do not appreciate your late night visits at all
Stress on the brain, I gotta maintain.
time's are tuf . But when i listen to you'r music i tend to forget it. Until i come back to reality , /:
Lots of amazing content at the Yahoo! Global Sales Conference. Wait till you see what's coming out soon.
Um, Paul, check the date.
The commercial made Rondo look like trash though.. Oh well.
I'm gonna need someone to create a burger flavor spray for my salad.
Watchin starstruck with my mom since I'm home sick:/
The #Aztec game is about to begin in Vegas! Let's go #Aztecs!
yes it's off and on maybe getting worse . Any advice on what to do?
- Not this year. But sometime in the near future, I'm sure.
Postcards at Silver Lake Library now.
Tommy is dat guy
yo when are u getting that ps3 and madden 12? I need some competition...
lol! *poof* I'm gone *poof* I'm back :D!! *hugs* hope all is well with you!
Have a little patience. I'm going nowhere with this.
Follow me on instagram! () :)
it's fun. I have never been to a live soccer game anywhere (not counting AYSO!)
for just an hour...then back to the pool lol
Possibly just developed a lesbian crush on Elle Varner #lesbehonest lol
It's draft day. An Eagles trade was a given
thanx for the follow. but wassup
tried responding but wouldn't let me :( Anyway, thought I read that somewhere. Creoles always lookin' for Creoles :)
enjoying some tasty quiche!
well then #perl is tough lovin' me like a step-child
36 degrees = rain, not snow (at lwast on Boston) I'm uber-happy
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube. please follow me back. =)
Thanks! RT As always, great lunch today
HELP TREND #AustinIsOurWorld HELP ♥ :D :D
DF Indie Studos..i like what you're doing
Me & this dude tryna see who can hustle the hardest. Lol he won. My 120 his 138 😁
what ya been up to B?
Ur a daddy?
#HappyMothersDay to every mother, no matter who you are, you are greatly appreciated and we are all very thankful for you
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
Great seeing awesome demo of thx
no problem :)
having trouble sleeping, i wonder why...
Yeah. I owed my friend at trip to LSP, so we're sitting together! It should be fun!
Transformers on FX while I run. I may get distracted and do a full marathon
I'd say I love you but she would even budge to hear it
Wake n bake. Care to join?
May you dwell richly in us Lord.
No judging! Did you have a garlic knot? RT : Fatty lunch break at Ciro's Pizza!
I'm so fucking annoyed. I want my mom to involve the police so that these thieves from school learn a damn lesson
Anybody else watching the Women's Soccer World Cup??
is that the truest thing ever said?
I found out, this worked only because the cop was in a good mood. I got stopped by a cop leaving Houston, going to Austin. He asked me if...
New Paragon Enhancements
YEAH GOOD TO HEAR FROM YA !
Begin today by seeing your delays as protective blessings from God. Have faith your blessings are near...
Packing for Alumnae Weekend.
Just stop making promises u cant keep. I'm tired of getting my hopes up and then getting my heart broken.
School tomorrow
This is such a bummer! RT : 10news: 2 State Parks In County To Close Due To Budget Cuts: Two state parks... bit.ly/lByzWh
Newbury Street: PEANUT BUTTER froyo has landed! Get it swirled on a fresh Belgian waffle with strawberries on top for a SUPER PB&J!!!
There are no seven wonders of the world in the eyes of a child
"Indecision becomes decision with time." ~Author Unknown
never heard of it
Oh, I was never a businessman. I was a visionary, a dreamer.
To my followers _ if you got a direct tweet from us about someone saying bad things about you, do not open the link. It's a hack link. Sorry
ugh....U'll stand up for ANYONE from Cleveland/Ohio won't ya?
Hello sir! If you'd like to stretch your comedic legs we have an open mic tomorrow at 630pm in Abq
Toys and Games do not have to be pricey. Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have the same great toys at great prices. Check it out!
What if I start murkin niggas foreal? I want to....
What are your top 3 concerns with this years #Badger squad?
In exactly one week from today, I'll b in Miami! I can't wait! :)
Amen Dave! #The Grammys
“Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties." ― Erich Fromm
look up "ships with mates" on the app store!
Oh lord.
I installed Lion and lost half my fonts. That was a year ago. Still have to change fonts to read random "mystery" documents.
Hey -not sure which author you mean. Hard to keep conversation thread on Twittr. Are you on email, then drop me a line.Mike
Just followed because sent me here
It's Okay But Yea I Know What That Means lol
• Everybody's favorite announcer on Fox, guess.
yo just saw your msg! holler back!
I'll stop the world and melt for you.
yfrog.com/kh0jepj How bout that Bella is that good enough
Rubio. Its called a jump shot and its a fundamental. Somehow they dont teach it in spain.
Fun interactive work. Love it! Congrats on the launch.
Let's hope they sprout up in the spring!
dude..we get it..Wisconsin won...move on and focus on the a$$ whipping coming from vandy
Enjoying our Event and Wifi at the same time!
Don't be tryna make me feel sorry 4 Boeheim #ESPN, I want the #Badgers to
I honestly miss my best friend.
you and me both!! actually I'm out right now! this day is DONE!
Please move here! It's amazing and you would not only up my trivia score, but my fun level!! Get on that!!
Silvius: focusing on capturing learning journey, not just polished final products.
u are cracking me up on 810 this morning!!
So you're firing up the blender post race? See you then.
Happy #Leap Year Boston!!! Any plans on your extra day today??
Cheesecake is my passion, weight is my gain
can't wait to vote for the first time as a D.C. resident.
I love the Ceciro ". Nothing new under the sun.
haha...had to.
Good luck today! Thank you for having lunch with us at :)
Dude get some sleep...lots is riding on you tomorrow!!!!
The topics of illegal immigration and immigration have caused politicians and analysts from the extreme left and the far right
Love the glitch background!
NAMBLA NEEDS TO BE INVESTIGATED THEY ARE MOLESTING OUR BOYS. CAN YOU SAY PEDOPHILE!!!!!!!
just wanted to say hi and hope all is well in life and at the poker tables!!! xo
I am looking into both.For me I think it is all about branding I do not think it will be profitable during the promo
Next goal to get my flat screen and PS3
i randomly have bruises everywhere /:
or avery's theory: "some sort of super expensive party with free fireworks and helicopter rides"
will you follow me.?
-IHate This School.
damn I got some head bangor kush all day
Thanks for the follow, Nutphree! Keep up the tasty work!
Me neither. I'll take a look!
awwwh. I would be honored :]
Random, but I just thought i'd tweet you & tell you that you're amazing & that iloveyouuuu! <3 YCB all day! (:
looking for great new talent. any good r&b artist in the h??
Don't miss your last chance to see Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey ® Presents Dragons! at Hampton Coliseum tonight!
Reggie Bullock saved the #tarheels tonight.
i would subscribe to brokaw's voice on an eternal loop
ohmygosh I want the snooki one!:O
Last night in Los Angeles need I say more??
nope. didn't need anything special, I was just checking when to drop in.
Twitter & Facebook weak so I'm going to Sleep
Combo of scents from browning onions for red sauce + baking Italian bread means I now want to bake onion bread. Any good recipes out there?
damn bro you be sounding like kid kudi! Haha keep it up I like your bars!
watching a scary movie!!:)
His head-nod was even better.
You're welcome! :) xo
#Dodgers have a day off today and back on the field tomorrow in LA vs the Washington #nationals. 7:10 game start with Kershaw on the hill.
Or Green tea flavored?
The guy who sings 'we are young' is 30. That's scary.
don't work too hard!
the funny thing is is shes Rican. Im Rican. we butt heads like a mofo
thank you so much for joining us last night and happy birthday, Tablehopper!
Muahahahaha the filth.
Thanks for the awesome tweet. Happy Holidays to you too! :)
we're working with to create #CERT teams in #SWDC and at #GangplankMarina!
I miss you, my friend. My fault of course...but miss you nonetheless.
Not being in an office does wonders for my productivity.
I am
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
Be good to yourself. - Sam Ash salesman
And zimmerman said "fuck it i dont wanna go to court. Fuck it im on the run for The month UUGH!!"
it's going good :) how about yourself?
gladly. It
no you werent ! you were perfectly fine.
Not digging the hour ahead thing
come on Tribe RT “: Longest #OpeningDay game in Major League history. Happening now in Progressive Field. 16th inning.”
Happy Earth Day! Special shout out to every #nonprofit working in conservation, ed, research, & inspiring activism for our beautiful planet!
I'm down by stage AE. If anyone wants me to pick up Devo tickets lmk
is that y u smell ?
have to put a question mark on that swag homie lol idk if throwbacks came back yet Trint lol
Summer fun begin!!
#ThingsIDoWhenIGetBored pretend I'm a zombie laying on a bed. O_o
Or chose to wur your tennnisss shoes lalalalalala :p
Seen around town: a Jimmy John's two doors down from a Jenny Craig.
if by "lab" you mean a basketball court, then good luck tonight. Please don't pretend to be something you're not.
Race is not sexuality. Funny how white libs always get that confused.
Omg... I had to replace my printer and got a wireless one. I freaking love it. Printing from room to room. Yes little things make me happy
my breakfast was a stack of three waffles with white chocolate chips in between each, eaten like a sandwich.
There are prizes awaiting you! What time are you done class/work?
tell your homie Joseph happy birthday from me even tho I don't know him
RT : So many Reiki practitioners are unaware of the amazing effectiveness of Usui's traditional Japanese techniques.
chillin,u have a contact for production?
It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to ~ Anonymous
Ah! I really need someone to help me with these poems!
"Walk right in...sit right down...daddy let your hair hang down..."
President Obama will say anything to get your vote. I'am still waiting for him to walk with Union members he promised in 2008.
Congrats to comics writer for book deal w/ Random House on how to write comics--luck to have him teaching !
victim of a random bug bite on my thumb while sleeping last night; never realized how many every day tasks require a properly working thumb.
RT : Read&React zone attack thought - one good pin deserves another. Zone shifts hard on first skip and second is wide open.
I'm not judging you ... grammar before genes, right? ;)
I swear that song is playing every time I go to Safeway. Somewhat of a deterrent. :-P
What's the best way to pull page images out of PDFs and see what they're dpi, compression method etc. are? Must be a tool out there
Redditors not only ask good questions RE: Mn3. Also good advice. teminusest: ..remember: bring two hobbies,...solitary one and a social one.
Your hair is a "a-mah-zing" to quote Penny from "Happy Endings."
CONGRATULATIONS to Armfield Dentistry! Our daily winner of a Google Android Tablet at Booth #814 here at the Southwest Dental Conference!
Weed got me laughing like a damn hyena.
If you're going to wear socks with sandals, your socks should probably be clean.
sound fun
That's because you are a big sweetheart!
do we get free subs since United beat the Fire
Temporal void by Peter Hamilton - great read.
hey where r u now? Are u in NYC? Or chicago? Have you talked to Milton Rodriguez?
This boy in my school looks JUST LIKE No lie!! He looks like he could be his son!!
omg!!!! That sucks I'm sry boo how u get that?? An well good ur better now.. an I'm doing good just putting myself out there
I need to get a shave reminder +_+
Have you guys been? Any good tips?
lol I'm flattered! ;)
i ate at edo's squid in richmond with 2 of my fave dudes. TIGHT. why don't we have food like that in the cville??
Where they at
Workout, write, then Koi tonight with friends and family in BH
At the #LawDay event... is introducing
Don't worry, I picked it up for ya. ;) ": I continue to be the worst stock picker of all time. Decided to dump BAC. Up 14% since"
damn damn damn, what i'd do to make this connection fast? i wish it'll be fast
hey come into my chat!
thanks for the retweet!
Can’t wait for the first session of the writing mastermind with …just a few more minutes!
Approaching Albuquerque. One hour out from landing in Phoenix!
Grow up and get over it.
I've heard the French love pudding.
RT : When SEO works, Google has failed.
"Laughter is by definition healthy."~Doris Lessing...especially when you can laugh at yourself ;-)
thanks Kalyn!! We had a great time & it was awesome meeting you (:
I'll DM you my email
i just found out that #GoldForever is going to be my class' prom song! :)
I'd be OK with that! LOL
Happy they tied it but wow will i be tired for work tomorrow! #OT RT Seabrook!!!!!!!!
If you haven't watched it yet watch Spartacus!!
“: I just found out how to repin stuff on Pinterest. Sh!t's about to get crazy.” It changed my whole life!
yes hun that was mine! U dug it?
So, i've picked a color(s) for my bedroom.. Tee-hee-hee.. this is gonna be sexy! :)
just found out on wed. im nashville bound :D so excited 5 days in music city usa!
Can't see raw data, though I'm guessing it's out there somewhere.
Judges are trying to gear competition to Joshua. Jessica is WAY BETTER. BAD Judges!!!
Merry Christmas, we r in Oklahoma City with people that matters the most in our life, from ups and downs always there.
Go Caps! RT ": RT this message if you are cheering on the #Capitals tonight on #HNIC"
thank you for Friday mention!! Have a beautiful weekend!
it's not friday but maybe you should consider following :-) feel better soon.
could still perform in Indonesia in theory, Just not Jakarta
Sleep with no eye open.
Glad to finally see both the Lakers & Clippers in the playoffs this year. #TeamLA 🏀
Thanks for the painting RT!
Everyone needs a petty tyrant in their life. If you don't have one, get one.
you may have been hacked, you're sending dms
just arrived in Pittsburgh ....dc Assault 16 & 17 at 940 ....pitt jamfest...get focused!
Happy Mothers day!! Time to eat some rice krispies & watch sports center all day to see them hype the Lakers up lol
I mean--who wants to approve an jerk for ordination?
DEAR INTERNET, please let me sleep. I LOVE sleep. Sincerely, every Internet Users.
haha cute RT : RT : AP Calculus inspirational quote for tomorrow: "odd numbers: i can't even"
want to noe i wat i hate the most r liers... cheater ...... freak i am a hot mess lol jk
Had a great dinner with We highly recommend the pretzel baguette, salads and short rib "burger". Yum!
thanks for the follow, Yvonne! Love reading the words of wisdom you share.
RT Sally Thorner wrote a children's book! She's also wonderful, very kind and fun. Plus, she reads all the time. Vote for Sally! :)
Stup is easy nowadays, it's the actual writing that's hard to do plus finding the time to do it!
That's the nail in the coffin. Empty netter. Rangers will probably win this one 3-0.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 15
Text was sent from Athletic Dept. Not Graham, it was merely his statement.
hey jewels watching Hansbrough and Indiana Right now babe :-) Xoxo
I've got some Coronas! You come over and watch a scary with me or something. :-)
Even doe he da one who made this frown on my face..!!
That bad mother jeremy lin droppin 38 on la!
“: I'm not flirting. I'm just being extra nice to someone who is extra attractive” ;)
thanks for coming!! You looked fab as usual.
In the studio working on the song Fixed Me. Can't wait for yall to hear it!
That was actually a good foul.
“: Sitting in class wondering how the hell the teacher got the job...”
love you both!!
When you sneeze and fart a little. Hoping no one heard it. #CAUSE IF THEY DID YOU GONE BE IN SOME TROUBLE
senior shirt and jeans
These are the weakest playoff foul calls ever.
love it! Yes indeed Becks Vier does go well with #German #Soccer who else bet against the #Titan of German Soccer?My clients did
#Nosebleeds N school <<<
It seems like a whole year has passed since I went to sleep...
Happy Mother's Day Steppy!
ask a english teacher!
I just made it to the Sleigh Bells show with We can't wait for the Christmas songs to begin!
We need more models.... Interested? Email 3-5 photos and stats to
RT : #TSE12 you can't do more with less without technology
Something disgusting and funny just happened. OMG.
#TimeWarner on that BS.
Thanks, Walker. Coming from you that's high praise. I really do appreciate your support and encouragement.
We are doing great!! That ia awesome, what time are you on??
Now your here come on out the rain, soaking Wet, body Glistening!!
it really is ;)~
Finally gave in to twitter?
Going to school with
learning about drupal testing at
are you alive? No tweets about UK in the final 4 or championship?! Congrats! But seriously are u ok? Where r you??????
I like that..Bobbie for short
She gets mad at me for wanting to do this...so I offer that, and she still gets pissed. Make up ur fucking mind
Alexia! I know your Mom from long ago. I lost all contact info when I moved & would love speak with her! 512-788-3189 :)
If it flies it dies
Found by colleague: 5/4/49 letter from Mark van Doren to Morris Ernst re. Allen Ginsberg's legal troubles. Key moment in Beat history!!!
Our identity does not come from the creation, but the Creator.
How much longer will republicans fight irrelevancy by being horrible people?
Nik, I would like to do the same. Teachers want respect, autonomy to teach their way, no high stakes testing. Money is least
Riding heavy BOy! So try me if U Wont!!
In CHHE news, 80 6th graders are coming to tour the exhibit and hear from Conrad, a local survivor, tomorrow!
it is seriously tasty. Brand new place a few blocks from my house.
labelmates #ADayToRemember are leaving Victory, whats next for you guys? and when the hell are you playing MN again?
Angela you're here @ FFW? Sorry I didn't see you. Thanks for tweeting the panel pic!
Check out this years newly released #Knightfdn survey on the Future of the First Amendment #firstamendment at www.knightfoundation.org
Bean suggests you for Thursday's luncheon Taste and Tweet at Bin on the Lake (Carillon Pt). Let me know if it works for you
New blog on the way.... Don't forget to call us ! 5866630054
RIP Christopher Hitchens. Guy could be a dick, but he sure was intelligent about it.
Thanks for the insight!
Someone needs to get a pair of pants that fit for the next dance...
Looking toward 2012, let's strive to engage in 1 activity that allows us to peer outside the bubble we sometimes live in. Peace.
Do you have Adam Chapman's email? Could you DM or email me it?
grayish shorts???
Helping my parents pack for L.A.. Man I hate when they leave me
Quickest way to lose ya life is bring my fckin child up
Punk'd was a little too easy to predict but now with rotating hosts... Interesting :)
I'm going to eat now sincerely *christina the cuban*
#MyBiggestProblem is people who need help, and go to the WRONG people and then don't get the help they need. :( You should call us :)
#ShortSale Searching! I have the plan all set up*Call me for details* http:www.laurengardiner.com
thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the re-tweet!
words hurt more then guns (pun intended)
I wanna be somebody's princess.. ): LMAO jk, i'm my daddy's princess <3
I'm in a party of 5 how many you got
Pushed some new images out to my Facebook Fan Page (BrandonPhotos). I push some to yfrog once I get a chance.
trying not to fall in love with the dude wearing ed hardy and shutter shades
good :D
No doubt.
Fun seeing you at Mark's place (happy weekend)
point wasn't that most people have. That there are people that have you wouldn't expect. Access to internet is key though
that was just hurtful I don't know how to take that...jerk.
Cadbury Cream Eggs are shrinking, right? Probably for the best cause i'll be inhaling them! Happy Easter Bunnies!!!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "Is that your real hair" Duh, why wouldn't it.
Happy Birthday to Mom!!!
Thanks for the RT.
Ready to hang out with and son! :)
I just smashed into it myself. RT : Hello, metaphorical brick wall. Right on time, I see.
I'm thinking has another Twitter account, for which he uses an alias. Wish I knew it.
At Junior Seau's church, New Venture Christian Fellowship, in Oceanside. Today members remember Junior. More
follow back(:
giving testimony #Annapolis statehouse for HB457 #transportation #job training bill
RT : #PaycheckFairnessAct – first passed in1963.Penalizes companies discriminating against women. GOP blocking it.>>Fighting it!
Happy Birthday fellow Taurus! RT So thankful God allowed me to see another year. Happy birthday to me 🍰🎉🎁
Social signals are the new links. - Jay Berkowitz
Thank you Tony Hsieh for reading my e-mail....Zappos rules! I was really looking forward to being homeless for a day.
I think a lot but don't say much.
Some girl on fb just said she would've never thought Snooki would get pregnant.
when is the camp?
Thanks for the support!
what do you care..a bit jealous huh?
Im still hyped on SWEED, and im hyped on Eric Greenwood! but Sweed is on thin ice in August!
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: Only the weak are cruel. Gentleness can only be expected from the strong.
send me an email with your details on and I will call you to discuss options.
Quote of the Day: Live well, laugh often and love with all of your heart!
Green Lantern was like an abusive relationship. When it was good it was damn good but most of the time it was hurting me
I hope not!
It is not the age, it is the infiniti. People really buy those?
Day of Promotion tomorrow. Send me anything tomorrow & I'll RT it, pimp it, put it in the Podcast, whatever. Promotion Day from #WubOneOut !
Indies - The Sentimental Engine Slayer, Ilegales and The Dry Land with special guest Ryan Piers Williams.
Yes! Please call me if you need me. I am accessible and can help!!!
I'm so tired of seeing so many tweets about one direction! I don't care!
Temperature in the newsroom feels like dropped 10 degrees in the last hour. Would you rather have it too hot or too cold where you work?
The big10 is full of pit bull, lock you down defensive teams. Nobody looks to be having much fun against them in NC games.
Some great Native American wisdom there.
Rock the Red! Go Caps!!
6/22- Outdoor Divas, Outward Bound, and Savory Spice are all teaming up to teach you a little something about Cooking in the Outdoors...
CMT music videos makes my morning 100x better. Especially when Brantley comes on ;P
It's going well so far Terry. Just strange to suddenly have new blood relatives. Staring matches trying to see ourselves
Blue Sand Design wants to thank our heroes for their sacrifice. Happy Veterans Day!
Cant Wait For The New ! I Love Seeing Ari in "Cat" Form! :D xx
<- stoop kid
": Looking for a better job? If so you can be your own boss and..." I demand a blowing job then we'll talk
Did you know that you can actually call 991 in an emergency? You can also call 919, 191, or any other combination of 9, 1, and 1.
Rich of the world: Give back 20 x more than you EVER take from society. Give ti all back. Follow Buffett and Gates.
Like to design? Want to make money? Join us, www.brandninjas.com
Im so in love with them and they dont even know it..
Its going down TONIGHT!!!! The Boro Bar and Grill!!!!! Show starts at 9!!!!!!!!!
Give us a holler! I am sure the folks won't mind going a bit further. They are maniacs!
At a The English Beat show. There is nothing funny about how many sore hips there are going to be tomorrow.
My phone autocorrects "chyea" to "chyeaaaa!" Living the dream, guys.
:) Good to know.
I don't understand why girls with no tattoos get one behind their ear.
I just heard something so funny that tells you how old I am "Send a Self-Addressed Stamped Envelope." ;)
really?! good <3
Great advice. I'm still learning. More pirate then princess, but I'm trying.
Made 2 sales today...I am no longer the ryan of my office
I'm so informative. lol!
yes sir, I was born the same day as Elvis Presley
Im off to dollywood
Thanks Omar - likewise!
Factory in Philly wit seeing a nice nite out
okay so i havent been on twitter in a while and my followers dropped.
RT : You were my everything, I was your nothing."
He has faced constant double teams and still been the only reason they even remained competitive in Games 2 and 3.
skip them, if request isn't clear, imagine what the project process might look like! take it as a sign...
thats why I said next time x)
Thanks for sharing - I like 'Let's Tie the Knot'
Justin beiber get out of here.
I MOVED to maryland
#that1friend who is always the quickest and loudest to yell shotgun but is the quietest whenever we get anywhere near a gas station...
Happy Birthday!(: Have A Good One I Love You!
I'm horrible! :(
Why am I starting to get sick??! Hello its May NOT January! :(
Anybody else being mysteriously removed as admin from their Pages?
What you doing
Why do ppl wear sunglasses when it's overcast and rainy
Staying Positive :)
bro my bad i forgot about our plans today.
Early morning trip to Sac for meetings then its off to visit the inlaws for a long weekend.
e l i got a sexy car
and that's how rumors start fml
Thanks to all of our new followers
you all for your sacrifice's!! Hope to have some new material on our website this week. Let you all see what we have been up to.
Wishing everyone a terrific Tuesday!! A bit busy today as I am playing catch up from taking Friday and Monday off.
talked to gregory sierra tday, appeared briefly in other side of the wind. 1/2 my childhood was spent watching him on brnymiller/sanfordson
Lmao I see you girl. Tryna get a man with money saying you pregnant AGAIN lmfao OKAY THEN.
We already know it's going down at the best Happy Hour in history!!
The retreat was so fun😜
Sad moment when things, feelings, or people change when you least expect them to.
The purpose of all the major religious traditions is not to construct big temples on the outside,
They just never know what they had until I'm gone.
Heard you be going off the head?? You dont need paper!!
Sorry we don't. Are you looking for a few hotels? We know a few good spots!
Just grabbed Sergio Romo in my fantasy league because Brian Wilson is done for the year.
i dont know, i just wanted to...my bad
nah, you were just walking around with Cantor, looking Viesy.
Yess! I keep eyeing that pink house, I want to party there
Great job everyone! RT : It is OFFICIAL! As of 5pm, Oscar's - Beef, Booze & Broads is OPEN!
Been waiting 7 years for stronger ban. 1st one passed a few months after my wife died. Let's get it done! Thx.
the weather is nice right now in Florida, enjoy #funinthesun :)
How about going into hiring a real Customer Support dpt again. U switched CM to Marketing last year.
follow and please :D x74
Feeling so inspired :)
Finally at dentist's office. Let's hope my nightmare ends here shortly.
I have enjoyed eggplant Parmesan but I could probably do without the eggplant part.
The memories that you select- you keep the bad but the good you just forget.
Good morning Oklahoma
Im really afraid that my sister is going to have a miss carriage because of her epilepsy (not the bitchy one, the sister i actually like)
Any chance you could RT some of your wonderful followers to follow me! can't catch up to u but it would help! 1 day left GCSSC
"ed sheeran, if you had a micro pig that could lay golden eggs, what would you name it? P.s I love you. From amber x"
what kind of book are you reading?
Im on dat yoga short status dat white girl status
i have the best man ever!!!! he surprised me with him coming home earlier then he said he would!!!!!!!! ah i love him
Just bought my groceries and feel so proud of how I shop and eat. Everything is healthy. Well, not the cutting board. On Sale!
": Just saw a 69 year old man Tebow at mid court. #ilovethisgame" That's awesome, Seniorgee is the best...better, sorry girls
I keep getting the "throttled" message telling me to check back later. How much later?
I never got it!
um you guys aren't talking about the schticky, are you?! WANT!!!!! Plus the informercial's mug shot scene is redic..
so true
thanks! kinda freaked when we learned a lot of stuff is already booked 1+year in advance ;) How are the 'hotel rooms' at CiC?
:Really mine has been frozen in time lol...Need some friends friend bahahaha!
I Couldn't Even Answer Her Questions Cause I Was So Mad And Kept Shaking!
. okay fine. it is quite delicious!
And here are your Pittsburgh Succos.
Guess the winner of the Aussie open is the one who can grunt/shriek the loudest
I was all you want a response? Well, congrats, you harassed me into responding. Now we're friends?
It's a great day!
caution - watch your behind!
What you thought about sugar is a lie! Learn about one of the most prevalent things found in just about everything you eat, click here...
Did that just happen ;) ItsBeenAStrangeMorning
Thanks so much! Your opinion means a lot to us. We hope you'll be just as happy with the rest of our project.
hahaha yes! But who will film us?
I feel you.However once you get up to a certain point, it's all about constant growth.You have to catch up before you can pass.
right on bro!!!!
My /Korean/ album OTL. *cries*
Using Facebook and Twitter are great ways to spread the word about your Reach the Beach fundraising campaign.
i heard you were doing some follows... follow me please!:)
Great night of learning. 5mi run w & Paleo chili dinner w & standing ovation model.
Colorado bound!!!
hey Ben, I seen you tweet your looking 4 producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
missing #educon this weekend and the annual trek to Philly - Twitter-view is just not an acceptable replacement
There are few companies who consistently support startups through thick and thin. For sure , Thank YOU!
It was a great reading! Not too much grand about it but a good time was had by all.
Thank you for the guitar pick in san antonio, I forgot to come and say hi. :(
No more desperate housewives :(
I was just reading 's take on education, which I'm sure would make your head explode.
Doin it now.
