Simon Borg thinks that Livestrong Sporting Park is okay... But in no way does it live up to Buck Shaw.
Tonight's panels aren't Oscar-centric, are they?
you're welcomee.(:
Know someone looking for opportunity to put their promotional skills to work? They can apply at TasteTweet.com- RT to them.
Can you imagine? I might have to make this a reality. The Maven's Magical Mysterious Tour of the Wizarding World...
Hello Heidi, thanks for the interest, as far as I can see we have very similar ideals, I think that is what attracted me to you.
I'm just going to chill tonight and save my money.
You have a large amount of #swag and you get tons of dick.
only if more guys would act like .. #AlexIsATrueGentleman <3
Please follow
We got lip singers on caso cerrado
They are acting on a tip that 'Bed Linen' is on the second floor
Stat & Melo are not getting paid to sit on the bench in the fourth quarter....
its cool bro no worries!
Freeze warning?!? 
I am now in Dublin, ready to play the Norwegian Championship of Poker that starts tomorrow.
Possibly going to London at the end of the month.... Any bars I should stop in?
you're like obsessed with him aren't you :P
CEO correlates very closely to GDP.
bookings begin on Thurs. I recommend booking asap,rates may increase after released the 1st day. Let me know if u want a quote
Why did I just sit here and watch that entire Brewers game?
I know! Maybe we should stop by LA this summer! Lol
"Cut my life in to pizzas"
I love being on the beach .. it makes me feel relaxed when I'm listening to the waves (: its like I have no worries !
bro.... Your never gonna be auntie Lexi, cause of me. Just sayin D:
RT: Susan Komen would not give in to bullies or to fear. Too bad the foundation bearing her name did. Support Save lives.
Sent that bitch a smiley face...bitches love smiley faces
Bite her in her fucking neck. Bite her in her fucking neck. Bite her mothafuckin' leg. Bite her mothafuckin' leg.
eagles nest with no ana, is no eagles nest
this one. Hey I got to log off now, got to study for my test ttyl
Follow Me Please!? 59
Looks like I'm headed for Maine. Thanks its' gonna be so fun! I <3
Yay! lol I felt bad for a minute there. Thought I said something wrong!
How about the GREEN TESM
Missing our homeland a lil bit. Happy Lundi Gras y'all!
haha i would if i knew how ! olivia did it for me, but all it is is a french braid starting from the bottom of ur hair haah
Another design bookstore I have to hit up in NYC.
Knee dr.... Hoping for good news.
Games on => NBA - Memphis Vs Oklahoma City Game 7
Our little baby boy is turning one! How sweet that his b-day is on recordstore day!? Spin spin, spin the black circle! Happy bday Marlon.
LMFAOOOOOO you'll have to press the machine button to talk everytime
feeling spoiled tonite <3 beach house chilln while King Crab Legs & Oysters are being cooked for me~ Heaven!! :)
Part 3 of my "It's Time To Clean Up Poker' series is here. This one talks about how, if we want to be treated with respect, we .... (cont.)
Ya know I have the BEST friends!!! My friend Frayser hooked me up with a bitchin' new security system. Anyone needing security call me! :^)
at least i agree with you about a bulls-spurs final but disagree about outcome bulls will take it in 6 or 7
Universal for a bit with
that is very interesting. I agree too much time on their hands lol.
"You smell like shit!!"
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes. - Bella Abzug
Commitee on Sexual Thought
Yes, an iPad with a Retina display IS every bit as good as I imagined it would be. Glad I waited to replace my original.
The Republican primary is like the best TV reality show ever.
Sat in a preproduction Tesla Model S today. Want! (After you, Messrs Clooney, Schwarzenegger.) I Kept trying iOS screen gestures though :-/
lol well i would say watch but I'm sure you will only get the satisfaction of saying I've seen it
yes sir
Just got cursed out by "researcher" who claims the Univ stole his 1971 master's thesis ideas. Didn't seem to matter than I wasn't born yet.
Studio day!
Kentucky fell behind 10-2 to start the game, then started trying and went on a 30-6 run the rest of the half
About to watch Martin!!!
Who will be our 900th follower??
: I know. I don't either. It's fun to get on every once in a while though to see wazzup. I almost feel too old for this tho!
Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus what's his name yall? Jesus Jesus Jesus
yea I figured. That's like your home.
rockin Easter Sunday service
Mainstream HOLLYWOOD is about to produce HELLA "Think Like A Man" replicas. "Oh THIS is what they like now?"
Alien 1: "Did the humans get our message?" Alien 2: "Yeah, but they named it dubstep and dance to it"
Your body is the baggage you must carry through life. The more excess the baggage, the shorter the trip. Arnold H. Glasgow
We didn't win here either lol we didn't win a damn thing lol
Temper flaring !!!!
nice, enjoy it
looks like we have more in common than swimming btw >>>
meanwhile, in Michigan, women make 74.4% of what men make. Way to make your case to women, Pete!
What a very interesting and mostly rewarding day.. now go Caps!!
Designing #BigCartel site as we speak! #hardwork but hopefully smooth transition for online JenoLo Store
Trying Digsby to simplify all this networking. www.digsby.com
CAT: meow meow. I love you, please feed me. ME: you're getting declawed today, so I can't. CAT: Mreow?
happy thursday teliyah
Jessica Bloom to be sentenced at 1:30. She pleaded guilty to DUI hit-and-run, seriously injuring a decorated Marine. Dept. 30 HOJ.
We're there too! :)
what's the number ?!
If swimming is good for your figure, how do you explain whales ?
if a dog gets me this! mad... I can't imagine having a kid, I think it would drive me to the point of murder.
The cup is in the liquid.
looking forward to this weekend, spending quality time with the family
If I had a bone in my body that said I don't give a fuck it would be revolt season.
Kincaide is cold bro.
nice to see a pic of you back
Protect your racks from accidental damage with Dexion's heavy-duty rack protectors
huh? You're very stealthy cc.
Its alright its a workout tho lifiting heavy stuff for 8 hours lol
Love this Movie.
Great Lakes Holy Moses White Ale on patio at #ChappysTapRoom - tasty & refreshing!
I'm not sure sci fi shows can handle musicals. Regardless of that, I still would love to see that. Ha.
then dont delete /:
When I was lockd away tha only thing killin me is they took my music!! Now I'm banging that tha stereo loud
yes. Gross.
RT : Photo: Here's a fairly solid quick look as to what works at what time on Pinterest.
give me your meat.
I wrote a lullaby I goes "bed bed bed thats where I wanna be bed bed bed so that where I'm gonna be!!" lol ;P
China uses about 45 billion chopsticks per year. #odd facts
Design is a product of an idea...
Music helps lighten up my mood, especially on days when I feel horrible :')
So cute seeing them on the railroad tracks.(:
Aye trick, where are you?
This tweetdeck app is awesome (: just changed my TL pink (:
Media day! Still in (a happy) shock that the Giants are in the Super Bowl.
Stupid little boys <<<
Einstein on the Beach, Satyagraha, Symphony 9, sax quartet concerto, the string quartets.
Anytime...are you following ? Their class supply lists often tap Tres Americas' resources.
take your reverse cowgirl ass on
Packin up:) going to have some visiters late on. Then maybe out to eat with the girls!!
Dear Commencement stage, Please go away. Cheers, Nico
One of our local news anchors got her "laugh lines" botoxed. It's just so horrible to look like you have emotions like a normal human being.
When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest. -Thoreau
You & I know, no one really wants a player with a bad back.
Family time >>>
I think it'd be pretty funny to bring my cats to work.
Friend and I stayed at tonight for about 30 minutes and were charged $181.70.
shout out to the mindless chic of the universe x2 u the best *drake voice*
SOLD OUT! Dearborn and Monroe we will have to see you next week!
Ew! My apologies.
You can have the dryer if you want when ours comes. Seriously.
We need to get a group session with - good tips and motivation - we'll have to work that out
obvs.bby.and itll go out with harry and louis' baby x
This is a public promise that I will ditch these sweats as soon as my #finals are over.
"May each of us renew our resolve to do what must be done.” - President Obama, at a Holocaust Memorial
Doesn't seem like a crazy crowd. See one woman in a football jersey
Yeah finding what is an effective punishment is key. Pencils that's different. :-)
I love reading client communications"We're so glad we went with ZirMed","Our customer response time was fabulous" "ZirMed helps us collect".
haha, he pisses me off so much seeing him on tv every time they zoom into the dugout.
by the rules of aristotelian logic, I'm unable to prove that is not funny smelling, & so must take him at his word.
RT : Next wknd is mother's day + it's our firstever Fine Craft Fair at Rittenhouse Square in #philly. Bring mom to the show....
Next up HR 1981 also know as (PCFIPA) requires ISPs to record your every action online.
If you could go back in time to HS, what would you do? I'd play my geetar in the talent show & read more.
really happy for you! Your light is gonna shine bright for the whole world! Congrats on the new gigs!
Learning ~ #TunnelVision public art project installing in Bethesda metro - very cool!
is a tweeting machine this morning!
Just being there for someone can sometimes bring hope when all seems hopeless.
that's good for you. You will be focused ALL day. Wake up tomorrow and beat everything that's put in front of you.
boy...I LOVE YOU MORE THAN A FAT KID LOVES CAKE <33
I love you too baby <3
They say you like guys like your dad, guess that's why I like sperm so much. Cause I love it! Jizz kidding.
#ConfessionTime We should be best friends. Pals. You know
Finally reading The Hunger Games thanks to
I need to create one asap!!
RT : “Warren Buffett’s secretary shouldn’t pay a higher tax rate than Warren Buffett.”
This speech is the gauntlet for 2012
This week we are upgrading our servers. There may be periodic disruptions to the Housing application portal. Sorry for any inconvenience.
If #oomf dates another #oomf she's gonna get hurt so bad
Four years, two months...LOTS of new friends! ............7,000 tweets later..I <3 Twitter! :-D
no those are real. I know... can you believe it?!...
NEW MID-WEEK SPECIAL! Celebrate Spring with Wine Wednesdays. Every Wednesday, through June 28th, all bottles of wine under $100 are ½ off.
really wats goin on tonight....should i work lol
thank you for the mention, you are correct!
Must get to your class soon...I've still not tried spin nor krank!! Love training w/ SJH, but I've got to try both of those!
Dear Repubs: NPR? Not jobs or economy, but NPR? Really? Lost in the wilderness of their own delusion, I guess.
"Cow! cow! come home! home!"
Eww I would NEVER smoke a Cancer Stick ! .-.
Chastain should have been nominated for both and won for TToL.
I believe there is 3% out of 100 of us that has originality
Would love to connect about your 1:1 iPad program. Started one this year at a MS in MD.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart." --Helen Keller
Your so helpful
not at all... Except me tho...
that was a terrible tweet haha you suck.
I want some mcdonalds or buger king
another notch on the belt of in house projects . we are moving on to the next
or City.com free email?
Playing with Hadoop. Fun.
what for? I'm headed to the reading in St Catherine's on Friday.
Your imagination is your preview to life's coming attractions- Albert Einstein
Yeah I know man. I'm sure I'll be around though
Lol! Well you look like the type of dancer that can really break dance... haha
You guys dancing till the world ends? -Britney
bud "here we go" ad was cute.
RT I propose all you non-food usernames adopt a delicious name ... concur and here's a freebie (my backup) - truffleoil
taking a picture of yourself holding a sign? O___o
That's a great recommendation! Can't wait to read FAITH BASS DARLING'S LAST GARAGE SALE.
More bread less war just like the 60's a broken record no wants to hear!
Hope you sprang forward.
First band practice with the new drum kit. Let's do this!
That's better than nothing lol....I can't wait for Saturday night. I need to find a place
Damn glad to have you, Patrick. #134 RT “: Committed to the University of Michigan! Gonna be a Wolverine! #GoBlue! ”
Awesome day! Hope you had one too!
whoa... how did I beat you guys? Stop to listen to the drums at occupy baltimore?
Another one at 7pm and (for 10 billionth time), think we fixed the code ..."BeerManScott's phone = show the damn mobile site!"
Demar Derozan, both long wiry guards with good handles & a knack for scoring in various ways
Not sure if I'm more excited that my mom gifted me a deal or that she knows HOW to gift me a deal.
Last day of school finally christmas break:D
82 games at .317 and 26 wins or 66 games at .317 and 21 wins. Unlikely. (But I'll be there cheering)
I love Lassen's. All my favorite big city product choices in one place!!
who lost teeth? Lol
Weeding the yard the first time year. Out of shape.
MT : It's a good sign when you discover that someone needs to spend an hour a day on their own to stay sane.
ok so what if SanFran doesnt land Manning and Alex Smith is too pissed to resign w/ them what will they do at qb?
what are you working on??
So much for my plans tonight. Unexpected car trouble means no#BASSH for me. I really wanted to go too. :(
hell of a show!!! if you missed the show tonight you ah nobody!!!! Much love !!!! Shout out to !!!
thanks for the RT! And thanks to for answering my e-mail so quickly :)
Thanks for the support! Let's definitely fix this!
That would make for a great story. What about Abelard and Heloise?
My bed feels soo good right now
Losing my mind...
Fox news reported in 2008 that no president has the power to increase or lower gas prices. Fair&Balanced..unless it's Obama
Just one week until
Thank you for the follow, it's an honor.
stay working hard!
dam rite #CeNation family is the best cant wait until this monday on raw
Heading to Redondo Beach for a week. Just realized was Sat. Need a ride. Gas money and beer.
Theres a reason why people feel safe and sound around certain people.
Don't give in to all of the holiday temptations. Limit yourself to one special treat per party, and you will not feel so guilty.
Observations working with g. 5 students with e-readers: increased reading, sustained reading, use of enhancement features
Hey person, "Meet me at the Verizon Center" doesn't really sound like a recipe for success. You know it's kinda big, right?
Thank you to everyone who came out to the groundbreaking this morning! And thanks to the weather for cooperating this time.
Checking out the #Nats v. the #Reds. No high #socks for #BryceHarper today. Just singled to LF. I wondered if he'll run.
thanks dude
Before we end, is there a #5thchat tweetup happening at ISTE???
Yo Coz! course I recognized you, man. I been meaning to find out about y'all where abouts, man. All's well, coz, How's the fam?
Does it count if the bird in my hand is me? ;)
if they had pajama day @ work..I would be excited too!
It's my Birthday today and i'm this many...(holds up 9 fingers) I'm as old as my creative-comic-music and movie peeps i hang with :-)
That's what she said.
omg....the placenta teddy bear might be the scariest freaking thing ive ever seen in my life!!!
The Chevy Volt can go w/o fuel for 35mi! What "fuel" can you NOT live w/out? Reply w/ #chevyfuelsphilly & be entered to win a $100 gas card!
Thank God it's payday!!!
they want people magazine packaged celebrities, they don't want actually to analyze their own interests. It intimidates!
Happy Spring Break to FSU, UCF, UF and FAU! Be sure to check out our spring break features!
can't eeen much flex, meg is one ugly character. out here shaped like a spacers pencil box & whatnot.
Thug I miss you.!
i wish you were here to go hard with me. You gotta come back next year
RT : Haven't been to a THATCAMP yet; planning to attend (with and others) and with dLOC!
High school: more like: I'm in NY VC Representing Russia's Second Biggest Tech Investor.
kids the biggest ash-hole ive ever met -------->
In case you didn't make it in today, the Reuben is on our lunch menu every day!
#omgthatssotrue that Today is International Moment of Laughter Day and #theresnothinglike a good laugh!
Come in today until 5pm and get ANY medium drink 25% off.....just mention this tweet;) Gotta love coffee on a cold cloudy day....
I'm pretty positive my newest roommate is an Australian woman who loves animals and takes pictures for a living.
this one is for you! #teamjolene YOOOOOO!
#signsyoursonmightbegay. He likes twilight and wants to see the hunger games.
No problem at all : (...) I'm sure JCDL will be a big success; I am prob just a bit bitter about not having time to go
no food?
You may think you're making me mad, all you're doing is making it easier to check you off my list! THANK YOU! #ikeepshining!
Rising Latex prices is an opportunity to consider a switch to a latex free environment. The Glove Group can help!
Cephalonian = something for me to look up later.
RT if your single..
Hm...Why do libraries always have "book author" visits? Maybe we should ALSO consider "web designer" visits? "videographer visits"?
Let's go Demons! Watching on TV in Phoenix!. : #DePaul leads Louisville 41-22
I love your website. The post on clearing clutter hit home. Your writing style is something to which we should all aspire.
I don't understand how people have a thing for feet
Was great seeing you all last night!
FOLLOW ME AND I'LL FOLLOW BACK HONESTLY..
welcome to twitter! nice to have you here =)
i like taking time and i like your mind.
"Hub Fans Bid Kid Adieu."
October specials- exam, x-ray and a computerized spine screening for canned food donations!!! Come in, help and let us help you as well!! :)
I am going to kick this week in the butt. Watch out week, I wear tall pointy high heels.
My favorite mturk requester has been rejecting all hits for spurious reasons! Some sort of glitch? Grrrr
Rainy day. Too bad my dog doesn't care. Rain, sleet, or snow, someone's gotta go.
hey johnny i met you in the airport buddy checkout my baseball podcast on the toadhop network its called extra innings
What was your favorite gift for Valentine's Day?
OH: The number of people I want to beat into a paste grew today.
do I seriously sound good?
you're always on vacation!
and mushroom, onion, Tillamook cheddar, and ortega quiche!
Driving back to the TC from the north shore, watching the outside temp slowly tick upward.
STEVE NOVAK BABY
awesome night of music! RT #ShuffleCulture at then #BowlTrain at
You mean alot more to me than you'll ever know .
Its impossible to comment/contact on the fvalumni blog & it's RIDICULOUSLY frustrating. Have some photos of FV to share but 4getit
Excited for March!
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were. ;-)
I just want to know how is dale going to do to today
no! -_- I just put it away and I'm doing hw lol
Really, really good. This finale easily surpassed S1's with Katherine's finger-cutting return.
I wonder if plays Diablo 3?
Ima make you mine before I leave cause every little thing you do to me got me going crazy
#NYTM unrollme sounds awesome. Good job - struck a chord with us all. You deserve the applause!
omg -__- lol wtf did you just wake up from an hour ago?? lol
Don't forget to follow us on twitter and like us on facebook!!
thank you!
SO I get in my car and my mom is watching the kids come outta school and goes "MY GOD! YOUR SCHOOL IS UGLY..." lmaooooooo U R RIGHT MOM! hah
Makes a rainy day fantastic - they made my oatmeal perfect, and it was tasty!!
Just downloaded #minecraft360! =]
I'm pretty sure #PeteWeber is going to end someone when this match is over.....
We print t-shirts for teams in the #SusanGKomen #raceforthecure. Hit us! Breast cancer awareness is a personal passion for our family.
Also, my phone tried to autocorrect Santorum to "sanitarium."
i don't know how you are happy with this trade, you just lost two of your best players and gained no immediate help.
I think just made my life! If she answers the phone 
I've never been to Omaha, so we are excited (even if you aren't!). oh, and the invites are lovely!
Not much life left in the crowd here now. A walk-off grand slam would energize everyone.
Let's go
I was really tired, and so I became a coffee drinker this morning. Who am I?!
I have like a little rash on my tattoo :(( like only on the red color part of my tattoo D:
Yeah, Twitter. I'm going to follow "". COME ON.
Well that was rather rude.
Mine is rofl
Thanks! We will check them out :) What is their Twitter?
LOTS of sunshine in #Madison. Could add fuel to thunderstorms later on. We're at 77° at the moment.
oh, i totally understand! :-)
": #GOT #CHOICES" Like For Real Yo
You aint nothing but a hoodrat! Dr. Booth
Horrible call
60 degrees in Bogota...I miss sea-level so much
Chicago,,,,,pls read: “Better beans and bacon in peace than cakes and ale in fear.”
Ah! Yes, that sounds like an issue! Lol! And yes, Glorioso's has a Ton of great par cooked foods! LOVE!! ;)
oh man--I wish I'd been home for taco night. Miss you guys!
Agree RT : The new movie "Ted" with Mark Wahlberg looks incredibly hilarious.
Nights as in 3rd shift??
The way he talked!!! He was so nice(;
Thank you Can I ask what program you use with it.
I wanna see #megamind (:
Thanks again to everyone who came out last night and to all the great people at M.O.M.I. ! Next stop, bakersfield!
aww never mine miami!
Apparently Bruno Mars is gay? Still like his music though
HEY, that futbol game is on ESPN Deportes which we don't get... Checked Gala, TeleF, etc... Nothing.
still trying to get used to #dishnetwork anyone have tips, advice?
Can't sleep? REDDIT!
Stayin humble like a righteous man should truly
no she's going somewhere with her dad
"To avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, be nothing."-Elbert Hubbard, American writer, artist philosopher
Listening to international love ( it's playin in the resturaunt)
What do tigers dream of, when they take there little tiger snooze...
"He chews the face bars right off his helmet." Billy Ray Smith Sr., DL, Baltimore Colts (played from 1958-1970)
Toney Douglas went from starting PG to forgotten man on the bench. Per D'Antoni: 'somebody would have to get hurt of fall out of favor'
The epic Jersey-New York NHL conference semifinals begins in about 2 hours. Let's get after it Rangers.
how sick is the Honda commercial with the van turning into a black panther
Good night, everyone. Have to get up super early tomorrow for breakfast meeting. Sleep well!
RT Breaking: #occupyportland march numbers diminish after rounding corner at Mary's Club. Chanting "We are the 99% and we like the ladiez"
can u follow me back please :)
good morning :)
please tell me those photos didn't come from my office...
RT : I don't want to say that the person who made National Grilled Cheese Day during Passover is an anti-Semite, but...
RT Essentials of Novel #muse2012 Give your character a distinct smell. Smell is often neglected in descriptions.
He who runs after two hares will catch neither
Any trauma can cause compensatory movement to avoid pain. Your nervous system will subconsciously show you the path of least resistance.
confession: we're actually rewatching the series :)
#NP Juicy-Biggie "My whole crew is loungin', celebrating everyday no more public housing"
Here at PerBlue HQ, we are prepping for a visit from #madison Mayor Paul Soglin.
I swear, I hear that "Mr. Saxobeat" song everywhere I go now.
Getting your GM's attention/support - storify positive feedback, screenshot e-mails and note comments.
Has anybody made Team Tyrion shirts yet? If so, I want one.
My cool Cool People Care merchandise arrived! Thank you. I promise to recycle the packaging...
Done! And I signed it as well. Sorry it took a few days. Thank you for organizing this petition!
OK, as far as the difference between the character and person -- my take is that the real person is a far more gentle soul. Yours?
What are your plans for the weekend?
#FF , who told us we should learn to #love the #hashtag at last week's #socialmedia and the #90daylaunch event. She rocks!
My love <3
Just visited Anthropologie in Westside Provisions District. Sale room rocks! More to come in AJC Style.
tell her i said happy mothers day:D
Great question! Our visitors should revise our practices for mobile
lol yep! First ever! I think I'm gonna really enjoy it too :)
Another exciting day in Nashville
Grrr.. inbox count is up to 30. Will empty it by the end of the day.
Yum, leftover Indian food at 3 am study break - perfect.
#NYR Fans who wants to go to the game Saturday night? RETWEET this and Follow us by 4PM for your chance to see the action live !
has this insane and ridiculously amazing music video for #IToldYouSo on MTV right now..
I need you to give me some feedback on my music? Tell what songs you like www.Facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
Thanks for the #followfriday. I appreciate it enormously. Warm regards, Maya
hey, could be a line at security
Oh yeah, the less Gov. that you advocate for is not waste, not ear marks, but instead the "Safety Net". These are not Conservative Values?
Rob Dyrdek's Ridiculousness is quite possibly the worst thing on TV. Really - it makes Jersey Shore look like quality television.
I fell asleep listening to love and woke up listening to it! Such a great song:D
not yet...
once a whiner, always a whiner...
your so pretty ! And your dancing is amazing ! How long have you been dancing?
nice. u end up snagging it?
Thanks for having me! RT : Thank you for sharing your skills at #MAMP this morning!
at the very least, pujols shouldn't be an all-star this year.
I'm really getting sick of this phone not charging
I tld u look like u was on something
MT What a world in which peeing on dead people yields more moral outrage than killing them in the first place.
did you??
Fish: "Hello?" Patrick: "I love you."
on the fone w. ;) follow her
Everyone go follow They have amazing quotes! Go now :)
There are no plans at this time to release a version for Linux OS. Please check back for updates.
Triple-double No. 21 for Rondo (No. 8 in the playoffs).
Understand the ski hill in Houghton, MI, opened early this year. Is central Wisc. in a snow drought? Big hopes for real snow soon
TONIGHT at : Benny Hernandez (Population, No Slogan) & Sara Reeble spin DIY, punk, proto-industrial, minimal wave & more! 10pm!
even after everything you are still trying, drop the act already.
So nice we have to do it twice! 2nite Adrolicious 5 year anniversary w special guests live band and general insanity
Every time I hear "Take Five", I think, "Stellar jukebox, sir."
I like it. "fairy godmother" status requires a new outfit.
well I'm sure our fellow travelers will be considerate...
Tip #103: Tell the great players how great they are. Ask their advice occasionally (respect them).
Lovely day for a walk in Brookland with my ladies. Gonna hit up the plant sale at the monastery and perhaps grab a bite to eat somewhere.
Thank you all who attended ! We had such a lovely night together! We'll see you next month at !
Wait! Your Fleury is EVOLVING!! Fleury has evolved into A WALL!!
wow, good job. Hahahaha
Yes ma'am! :) They're just lyrics. lol
Back to the gym tomor. Pray for me! Bc my bed is so fine right now! Lol
Today's intersession fun: HVAC maintenance and poetry book reviewing.
nasty mofo movie
I'm your biggest fans, please follow me back :) I'm proud to be enchancers
I think my next phone's going to be an iPhone, just because of Instagram.
This bitch got sea shells in her hair lmao
I seriously fucking hate it when someone is sad/mad about something and they decide to take it out on me. Thats not okay.
you're welcome 😊
Wanna hear something utterly ordinary? Listen to Lindsay Lohan's "leaked" song "Can't Stop Won't Stop" online!
5 more weeks..,
John Carter Heads to Blu Ray and DVD « Video Vault
This match sums up Isner's career: He's fighting really well, saving lots of break points...but hurting his chances to go deep @ a big event
0.25-inch hail was just reported in holy hill about 15 minutes ago... probably getting nervous
your really cute and I love your channel!<3
My dancing or the songs? Ha!
Newt Gingrich is only newsworthy if he drops out OR gets bitten by another penguin.
I did not know Ed Hardy made blazers...or that middle age men wore them in public w/ ripped jeans...
Franklin, King of the little fair turtles!
You got to get the habit of doing that brodude.. haha
Watching Jared Spool: UIE Virtual Seminar: Search Scent and the Happiness of Pursuit
woo new Hoarders episode!!!
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory. ~W. Edwards Deming
Lisa! You're our superstar! Thanks for all of those RT's and posts! We truly appreciate the support! Are we connected ?
love you camilla follow me plse!
We dig Arlington! Many of the bands who play there leave stoked! Thanks Arlington!
For all my 159 followers, what's your nootz year rezzies? Love hearing from yall everyday!
Works great, have used it to/from Europe for years.
Game vs. Howard canceled at halftime with FIU up 2-1 due to heavy rain and lightning in the area. No make up has been announced.
That awkward moment when an ugly person disses ugly people...
I made a couple stars outa basic bitches ✨
After getting in late last night, too tired to worry about wrinkles on clothes.
"Wait, don't go there. That is my no-no square. R-A-P-E! Get that penis out of me!"
Also, a pet peeve that I see around (not here): checking is_admin() in wp_enqueue_scripts. There's admin_enqueue_scripts for that
Callin my phone before 10am will definitely get you popped 👊💢❕
Maintaining Authenticity, Avoiding Distraction : A Social Media Experiment at the Newseum on now
Great opening on mobile apps Dan Gordon!
We some Workaholics.
The Magic of Garage Sales. You gotta spend money to save money!
If you negotiate with no leverage, you will lose. Maximum leverage occurs at the time of the offer.
Minnesota Lynx beat the Silver Stars 62-60. Jia Perkins had tied it 60-60 with 3 free throws.
answer yo phone stupid
because strippers & pro hoe's use that to not have remember your name.it a tell tale if you think someone is 'undercover'
Out of work, skate!
when's it dropping
It's a shame that twitter.com splits hash tags at the hyphen, so only the #alt of #alt-ac is linked
Ordered my costume!!! But it's gonna take forever to get here ugh
The Los Angeles ripper is finishing up with sound post work.
Just did :)
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Tied at 4
Listening to Laura naviaux ( ) at #sdsms ... Very interesting
Miller: continuing pattern of decentralization and concomitant flexibility; power of cooperation eg CAPTCHAs
the environment, etc., etc., etc. Not one has a comprehensive plan - C'mon Guys, the Artic is Melting, you know ? No time for pussy-footing
Once again, I'm speechless Just... thank you. Dance high on a whole new level right now.
why are you mad?
Self check out machines suck ass!
One student in a Red Hot Chili Peppers shirt in class today.
Moving On is prob. my favorite 1.❤
RT : Discuss the impact of high-poverty areas on kids at Twitter chat, this Wed at 2 PM EST...
I'd rather Sarah Palin Jog in front of their vehicles. You have more to offer.
that would be too much on my plate at the moment. I have done some of that.
I majored in liberal arts. Will that be for here or to go?
Are you at Confab? I'd sneak over to see you!
Nice! Way to look out! RT Romyy I went to last week in Neshaminy Mall (Philly) & they said they'll try to get it!
I am thankful and proud to receive the endorsement of the Milwaukee Professional Firefighters Association Local 215.
Best to combine them unless what you blog about is different from what your website portrays.
That awkward moment when you don't know how to smile when someone is taking a picture.
Spending the night at my sisters(:
it's okay! Thanks ! :) hope yours was a great one!
Didn't you just get over a cold?? RT : Cold coming on. Not happy.
saw you on what a story & effort. Best of luck to you & enjoy the 162 while you're at it!
Tell your friends to follow our lovely band on this gloomy #FF... and in return, we'll get freaky with you. Like... really weird.
Has anyone seen a map or aerial view of shot on #10? Wouldn't that be a nice graphic to see?
You do not want to be in a car with me when I am in a good mood.
Alan was hired at Christopher Newport U to head their digital art program!! yay! My job, tbd... I'll figure something out :)
It gets on my last fucking nerve when people use improper grammer. Seriously did you go to fucking school. Fuck. Hahaha. I'm going crazy.
You need to get on twitter a little more. Jump on my page and follow who I'm following.
if u haven't u should go see Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol. Tht movies is so awesome
Developing the language for a new ecology of learning
Quote of the day: #Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future
Time to choose your team for your halftime "Can we get team X out there for the second half?" tweet.
#Squirrels4Good if don't know, you ain't hip to dip.
my school had facebook blocked...
enough is enough....women are mad as hell and they're not gonna take it anymore...
Headed to Montréal.
Had an awkward encounter today......
after open Mike at Java Lounge, went to Dog and Bone. Go figure... I sit there and study alot. It is just noisy enough for me.
Friday night doing nothing...well this sucks
Christain just left. ♥ I can't can a country song out of my head. HEADS CAROLINA, TAILS CALIFORNIA.
Oh no! We hope you feel better soon!
After 14 straight hours of work, I'm finally coming down. Thursdays wear me out.
embed code is a way for youth to retain power over their civic media beyond the moment of production, per at
I'm About 2 Go Nutz Crazy..
how do I become cool enough to get a blue checkmark by my name?
I might be a sex addict. I should get evaluated or something
RT : What does it truly mean to rejoice with those who rejoice, and mourn with those who mourn? Well wishing isn't enough.
RT : There are no atheists the last eight miles of an Ironman.
Friday's in the Roost: Check in on Foursquare to get half price Outtakes from 1 to 2 p.m.
RT : Since the aren't playing I'd rather have win rather than the Rock. Only because I'm a McCready fan
hey how have you been
all I kno is get money its in my DNA....
that is so dope!
Thanks for the RT
Tune in to ABC 20/20 and watch the story on "bath salts", the dangerous new hallucinogen sweeping the country's youth.
Never felt a quake before. Don't get much of that down here in Houston. We have heat though!
": #FullyintheTux is almost here my friends..."
Lol I got called that in college cause of the way I look from the inside of my facemask man. I can see that though.
hell yeah. I cant wait to get home
QPR! Wow what an effort!
Average in Monona for visibility this week: 3-5 sigs per hour per person. Canvassing will be about 2 hourly. Keep visibility work up.
Branson, Missouri.. Tons of deer heads everywhere at my hotel! It scares me but inside... I like it!:) Oh
Sometimes I don't know if I wanna hug you or choke the shit outta you..smfh
Bout to cop a flip phone... F it...
What a motley #FF crew you've assembled. Cheers!
love you <3 <3 crazy girl
Korra with that uppercut though
anyone else notice that since twitter began, overreaction and over dramatization is up in the virtual world. People make mistakes ya know
Thanks for the RT :)
S/o
You remind me of that kid, Mike TeeVee from Willy Wonka. :')
hes very loyal. I got him a job working at Fenway now too. its in his best interest financially the sox do well.
Hey Marcum, be wary of that Montero. Oh, too late. :(
No man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
just saw an otherwise handsome, bearded dude smoking while riding his road bike. Boo status squandered.
At a world affairs discussion group on rise of european far right at bar next to obama's or hq. Fun coincidences. :-)
EXACTLY ONE WEEK. I REPEAT EXACTLY 1 WEEK TILL #1DINDC jegnmfdbngdidlhyjrmhtkhjakrhm SAVE ME I'M CORN! :D
not necessarily. my dude I'm worried for you.
Thanks for the follow , , and ! Always great to connect with new tweeters.
We are good at getting people home from that place. ;) haha
2011 was one of the happiest, most prosperous, productive, adventurous, creative, peaceful, blessed, all around fun years ever. HNY to you!
We have refrigerated and freezer truck capabilities. Call our Sales department to learn about our services 312-997-2850
Had an amazing time at the #CableFAX Program Awards today!! A really great turn out and tons of fun! :)
Just arrived at the Arlington Dems HQ to do some phone-banking for Jim Moran.
Have a lot shit to do today, while I'm just laying here....
How many apples are in one apple seed?
I dont understand your Q about release distribution. Clarify?
On my way to ELSUG in Wichita Falls, TX. Just an excuse to stop in Gainesville, TX for fried pies (tho I'm also doing two presentations),
A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles. - Christopher Reeve
Ooh, which season?
In '88, the O's returned home 1-23 and had 50k fans at Memorial Stadium... Will there be a large crowd for this O's team Monday vs. Texas?
Baruch is just minutes away from Wall Street, midtown, and global headquarters of companies and organizations! Networking is easy at Baruch.
Turnout off to slow start on primary #ElectionDay in
missed connections
I will do all of them except the Goodwill one my friend. I am too lazy to go buy it lol
Very odd. What was your favorite Best Picture nominee? I liked The Descendants the best.
Over here now. Smooshed near double police line.
Check timeline of for a true touch of class as he heads to the Thank you, Mr. Bogut. Best of luck, once again.
Come party tonight with us
He had heart surgery. From what I understand, he will be doing fine because he got it done !!!
time for a trendwatching piece on popup toy stores.
Exactly right!
569 followers, I tell you what, how about we get just to 1000 followers, have a contest and give away some FOH merch? sound cool? yeah!
It's Prom Day! Should be a good day...sun's shining...!
Congratulations to my brother Dusty on his engagement!
fasho, its coming soon... but what im working on now you can appreciate it just as much if not more....
why did you get your phone taken away
that could have been a lifestyle reference
ouch!! Broken toes hurt... and not much to do to help them. Sorry to hear that!
No one is going to make your life worth living more than you are.
We need 10 dedicated members for our street team! Email if you are a true turtle ;)
cannot wait so spend 2-3 w/ my babe.. first time camping!
S/O to WHADDDDDDDUPPPPPP
Your love is the only love I'm tasting <3 5.5.2k12
You said that you could let it go, but i wouldnt catch you hung up on somebody that you used to know
love the article!
Me & u together nothing gets better! -Adele ♥
its fun
Do future learning scenarios include home -school college experience, peer to peer learning credentials in prisons, ?
Clarity Legal's Timeline application to be released Monday - easy to create and customizable timelines for Mac, Windows, or Linux.
I'd say, in this particular corner of Guilford County, the peak of leaf season is today.
Im staying abstinent for 5 years lmfao ...
Composing QR Code Quest for Nat. Lib. Week. Thinking students might find it to be too much "work" for a supposed "fun" activity.
Going to watch The Avengers thanks to and her friends :) lol
Wieters now just needs a triple for the cycle.
Good luck ! Hope yours comes soon! If your wife is anything like mine she is already not getting much sleep.
Happy New Year! My resolution? Tweet more.
So happy I got the chance to meet you. bonds all!
When you see it, then you'll understand.
Hold up, Hold up, HOLD THE FUCK UP Who's fuckin leading the game.......
Who are you excited to see at the Expo? Our first show in Denver is just 8 days away!
Thinking about going to the Dominican Parade
carefree, wherever we may be, we are the famous S-K-Glee!
some football action in this weather right now? lets do this!
Thank you for the RT's , you rock!
Carl Lee says SET FREE 10% of the HUMANS Locked-Up and doing TIME for a CRIME. Help Turn 10% of the Humans Loose. Campaign
Thank you for your support of #acweek and #nationalservice!
3 DAYS LEFT! Hope everyone's getting excited!!
TWEETIN FROM THE TRAIN VIA MY PERSONAL HOTSPOT IM STILL AMUSED BY THIS EVEN THOUGH PEOPLE HAVE HAD THIS FOREVAAA WHATEVAA
Oh that's perfect! I can't wait.
After thunderstorms in the morning it's shaping out to be a pretty nice day for sprints.
indeed! She left a space for me to write my own fairy story at the back, haha
I am thinking a children's book, that image on every page, and the dialogue getting sadder and sadder throughout...
The best part about house hunting is seeing how people decorate their homes. It's shocking sometimes.
swag nd money dont make a real man, a real man is a man with good attitude, a man who respect a woman nd a man who knows wat he wants
so theres maybe like, 5 people actually worth following on my tweeter>.<
Follow and RETWEET this if you wanna shoutout!
BAM!!! Kudos to on selling out That Conference Chicago Hackathon! Greatness ready to happen!
don't be obnoxious .... it was a dirty play.
I'm hitting the start area around 6:30ish. After a quick stop at the 1/2-3/4 mile point, camping out at 6/9 until the half finish.
Awesome! Thank you! :)
dirk almost got his head knocked off!
Old man on Price is Right wins a car and 25K. We'll see if he dies of a heart attack before he leaves the studio.
m22q 1st half so excited , inter will put off his angel mask and will show the real football . ??
RT : A #Sagittarius is choosy in a mate and will test-drive before they buy. This can be confused with being a player.
reading a FANTASTIC book: the imperfectionists. great. (and i love that the main word in the title gets the red squiggle! form and function)
make me a shirt
SEC! SEC!
: it iss. -pretends to read book- fat guys want my dickk x:
Thats whats up. U should def do covers. & dont forget Christmas is soon. Do some classics. & J. Beiber's Mistletoe also.
Question: Is there a hard line between the economic and the political? I think not; the economic is predicated on the political.
That thing you said about revenge lol its pretty funny
so happy for you and Joey :-) come home soon I want to hear stories!
appreciate the love my guy!
Few friendships would survive if each one knew what his friend says of him behind his back." - Blaise Pascal
It's going well Guy, been a very busy, but good week. How is yours wrapping up? Thanks for the RT too
im just gonna lay here in my skiveys and social network all day
well that's practically spitting distance from me!
Can't wait to see you there! RT : cool sounds like amazing festival !
after 3 months..back to twitter...
Good morning fam....getting a early workout before I hit the highway to Portland .......
is going into post-audio production for a video showcasing client's hottest new products.
Get out of the rain and into the Owl. $3 select drafts, $3 house wine, $3 rail drinks from til' 7pm. Or try our Fall/Winter menu!
Medical & Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion, 1862-1865 is helpful in tracking surgeons.
Mean people speak untruths about me, to lift themselves up w/o knowing what they speak. God, forgive them for they know not what they do.
I just discovered they now sell pens for lefties, considering all the issues I have with pens, I'm considering buying one....
Pack your resume as full as you can. The more certificates, credentials, the better. Special Ed, speech pathology, etc.
I want to join a sport where no one judges me lol
oh I know!
the city has done a great job downtown...I'm part of that success...I have a broad spectrum of supporters.
haha you'll be fine!! Are you going in early tomorrow?
Just submitted my proposal to for a volume on Beyonce's "I Am...Sasha Fierce."
Studies show that just standing up every 20 minutes or so can improve your health considerably. I would add that lying down is good too.
French go hard!! FOH
thanks, we'll be in touch!
if tweets me a pic of the words I'm alive I'm dreaming in his handwriting for my first tattoo. I will wear a chicken suit. lol
Congratulations to Tim Nguyen for winning a FREE conference pass to San Diego Electronic Music Initiative!!!
Thank you, Although not perfect, at least now "Irrational behavior" do to P.T.S.D. etc. is recognized & treatment is offered.
Whoops just blew a stop sign while tweeting.. Guess I'd be one of those idiots 😳
Its only for a few days :-) Im excited about Vegas for ur birthday! yeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaa
Stuck in a hard place
Lights Camera Advocate for Human Rights @ Grandstand booth 69
DUSS really going fast, I day traded it a couple of days ago, looks like it might have legs for penny land!
Nice! Good to hear others will be enjoying
thanks! What kinda design u got in mind?
Don't worry, NPS is trying to do that already! RT : If you continue to list things that you find annoying you will break twitter.
Join us at the German Branch on May 5th at 3 p.m. for a two hours session on E-Books made Easy! Register online or call 271-5144.
All that matter is: IT'S A W!!! Gutty effort, Dawgs!
So much for catching the 38 limited... This bus stops every block!!
I'm assuming I'm going to bed then.
Want to make me cry? Play the movie Dear John.
thank god!
I hate bs,adults should be able to conduct biz without issue.
Tai Chi has helped me in so many ways
Full tab 4eva!
I think those of us who are one-man PH shops have a unique set of difficulties teaching digital.
The taste of this medicine tho<<<<<:(
watching Live from Red Rocks. Killer show was at the Boulder and Red Rocks shows last month. Looking forward to a 2011 DVD!
My soul faints with longing for your salvation, but I have put my hope in your word. Psalm 119:81
write your username backwards so then they won't have a hard time reading it
atleast try to be the best friend you were.
When did the Academy Of Art, go from college to university?
Fuck a bitch
holy crap, I'm so sorry :((
Awesome well a big Happy Birthday to you then! Will stay in touch on this pop up shop idea!
Happy Birthday precioso !!!!!
YOU NASTY tweet
Mark your calendar: next PDX Duck Biz Lunch is Wednesday, May 2 @ White Stag. Bring a friend and let's double the turn-out! See you there.
the Pats'll change that! “: This Pats-Ravens game is more of a defensive struggle than I'd anticipated. #NFL #AFCFinal”
#ItsAmazingHow life is when you wake up with a positive attitude
i havent watched that show in a while
Thanks 4 asking RTTT = NCLB on steroids $ to test corps, not students No educators consulted Follow
it was like a dog park there today.
The Better Business Bureau has lost all credibility with me. They are trying to sell me a membership so they can give me a good rating.
I already don't win other peoples' giveaways, and there's much less publicity. So why would I win the Steam daily wishlist one? I try.
I knew you weren't!!!!
THOU HAST DM'ED YOU BACK.
This Wednesday! Taiwanese #CoffeeBreak from 3-5pm at the GSA lounge. Snacks, coffee and mingling. What more can you ask for on a hump day?
Done, thanks.
and didnt try to do anything about it
RT RT : Mom: "What's your excuse this time?" Me: "Uh, YOLO?"
Running out of battery juice so last tweet for today. Rivka Galchen now talking about Atmospheric Disturbances.
Innovative educational toys will create a stimulating environment for kids & encourage children to take their first educational steps.
of course you sleep! Your face looks fabulous :)
: Coke or Pepsi? Lol
I guess we didn't get the memo! Oh and don't forget, you gotta find some cups to hide behind.
I love big DICKS
NIGGAS GET THEY TAX MONEY AND SAY SHIT LIKE THIS..................AM OUT HERE GETTING MONEY........SMFH THIS SHIT GOTTA STOP ITS 2012
Next questions about teacher tenue ...
awww u couldn't wait to give me MY candy
Had Siam's.
Hooray for trigonometry
I saw a power line spark up for the first time. Sound like folk was shooting. Luckily it wasn't one of ours.
how long does that BFD poll go for?
and im not even dressed yet.
Hey John. I have a couple stories I think Inc might enjoy publishing. What are the steps an aspiring Inc-er can take?
Lol Im Just Gonna Laugh About Everything From Now On!!
Good night everyone :)
This bitch trying to impress my friend. Dude, dont even... Just stop.
your twitter name
that fact that we are even discussing Roadhouse, lol. He was shirtless in Point Break too;)
Where the party at?
Supporting clients in Honolulu, Des Moines, and Plano for starters today.
That's an interesting take on Harvard's announcement, but has troubling implications for funding libraries. :/
don't do it all where doing it tomorrow remember hehe x
Alice in wonderland is gonna look so cool tech wise, idk about the show itself. But techies will be proud.
Bonjour , I’m so sorry to hear your experience was anything less than exceptional Please email
Did you miss me during the last fucking mystery?
Is it just me or is Andrew Garfield,hot?!?haha
I texted 'Ireland'!
are you going barefoot for toms #onedaywithoutshoes ?
day 3 of #WPT jacksonville underway. toughest table in the room w/e but lets go.
We're totally open!! Come on in!!
the voice of truth says do not be afraid
Bringing in. Any of our clients can tell you how unethical behavior can be exposed quickly in a
Awesome. I smoked in the mile run
My Halal food cart guy made my day when he told his colleague "make it good, he's a regular customer"...he gave me more chicken
They ain't worried about you so don't worry about them
got 2 new leads and a new photographer :)
we talked to his wife one night at a game, super nice lady.
We love #MusicMondays ! What are your kids listening to?
This dude is parked in his car fucking up some corn on the Cobb, hahaha
Thx for the
: Remembers fake retweets of Tweets aren't always what you think.
Absolutely! Gr8 to connect with u :-)
just call me to sing sweet lady please 5038476149
ikk D: I already yelled at BobbieJo. And ofcourse thre talking about it on the radio right now. SOMEONE KHADAFI ME
I hope your day went better today B! LOVE YOU! xoxo
Who's joining us for some Starbucks?
have you used nip guards before?
"when I say 'who da man' you say 'you da man'...who da man?" - Darryl
Filming "coconut grove" at New Calcutta restaurant! Fun.
I'm glad you're getting your time to relax. Make it count while it lasts!
Oversimplification. No evidence we'd make better decisions & wouldn't end up back here again. Need better vision
hail to my fans,they super fyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Get your #SuperBowl orders in now! Football shaped #cakepops!!!!!
ready for what???
New Media Marketing & Emerge Sales Strategic Alliance Meeting. DONE!
Its sad that you sacrifice being late to work everyday for someone and they can't help you do one simple thing... its cool though.
Work Hard Play Hard
lol & they were so pointless (x
Windy and cold here.. Is there any good espresso in Burbank ?
Thank you. Getting it ready for next year. Students will access supply lists, etc. starting tomorrow.
Wow, I haven't been this lonely in a very long time. Screw finals on the last day, everyone is gone...but me and the foreign students!
"If you know what you're doing is killing you, then why do it?"... My answer is idk
Just seriously fell in to a rabbit hole of LibGuide editing that I did not anticipate!
Happy mothers day to all you awesome moms out there!!
I thought so too...I wish it looked like how my eyes saw
- So what's your absolute favorite film?
I can't afford to buy porn, so I go to my TV, turn on women's tennis and shut my eyes.
Environmental Questionnaires are a good idea to have ready for your environmental consultants and for in-house use.
no its for here
Thanks, Michelle, I know that's the truth!
What an amazing network!! We love to see all the people helping people!
just don't give up, if you give up you'll never know your full potential. Trust me, I gave up and it breaks my heart everyday
I've been wondering a lot about the relationship between LA weather, the can/bottle cash refund and homelessness. Need to do some research.
E-HOV you've been under the radar slick ass
I loved their characters.
Mulan never became a princess.Her man wasn't a prince.And Anastasia truly is a princess.The princess of Russia.
except I work 2days RT: "I go to work and do the same thing for 6 days out of each week...getting old. Time to find something new"
you're getting a new car? Good shit
Click 'Like' if you had fun ringing in 2012! What are your resolutions for the new year?
RT : ha! RT : 5 out of 6 people enjoy playing Russian Roulette.
Happy hydration to all running the today!! It's gonna be a scorcher!
4 days till #MadMen premiere!
Time for a mothafuckin shower.
micro loop Hair Extensions - pliers for hair extensions
Every year is the same with the Ravens media and their "This is the year" articles, and their Top 5's and 10's.
your not stupid
Sort of the premise of the blog post I am writing right now... Disturbed by the focus on hot-button issues instead of faith.
Ain't no boy out here faithful I dont care what nobody say
Just bought my tix for for ! Always good to mix biz w/ pleasure.
The fire files above me some what sooth me
any word from fritolay?
meh. The filters are weak.
Mom beat breast cancer more than 20 years ago. Battling bone cancer now. She is a warrior with a great attitude. Happy Mother's Day
happy thanksgiving! enjoy a day of family, friends, food, and boozin'.
The van stinks bad. They will have to trash it after we finish.
supposed to be but I don't think I can make it. I feel you tho I don't dance either. You going sunday right?
its gen. admission so it doesnt matter but you should probably get on that
If anyone would like a FREE avon booklet send me your mailing address through message. I promise we will not send u bulk mail =)
Yes. On a day to day basis it's been the Fielding & Bull Pen which has kept them in games.I know it's NOT the perception but..
I adore your smile...it's contagious *(*.
spending the morning cleaning up the condo - got to ring in 2012 the right way!!
probably thinks i'm the worst for not calling her back. i'm still not used to carrying a purse
Yep I loved your version. That was the 1st song I listened to! Very nice -- I'm still obsessed with your
(or in this case, to Ancestry). That gets their accounts suspended, which works way better than posts or emails.
For such quiet music, Norah Jones' voice has a knack for cutting through whatever you're using to drown it out.
Forget about gas prices, since these cars plug right into the wall! Paul races off to the Silicon Valley Auto Show, Sun (3/6/11) @ 8:30pm
Headed to Boston.
Exactly - this is fun to watch.
what made you think about that ???
Boredom is nature's way of warning you of low entropy in your life. :P
weddings are fun!
Back to work for most of us...so we can continue our life, liberty and pursuit of happiness. If you're not content, look inward.
OMG cupcakes! peanut butter and lemon. These are two different flavors, be calm!
1/2 Everytime I open a can of Texas Pete chili (don't judge me) the aroma takes me back to summers spent in Salisbury, NC with ...
Another difference is that the materials from the sets are separated and indexed as well so you can find a specific game, etc.
I miss my ex, but Im aiming for better....
LMAO! It's just Me, Mom, Ez & Drew, not the WHOLE family RT Your family has a news letter?! Sounds like a CBS sitcom
Gm tweeps $alute! The grind is yours to control.
When your a devil you burn
I can see computers everywhere - except in the productivity statistics! ~ Robert Solow
hell yes. lol every time i hear that song im just gonna think of thos oh-so-sexy cars. Lmaao
Thursday Specials - 3 For 3 Deal: 3 Miller Lite or High Life shorties for $3! And $2 Guinness Taps all night!
OMG am late for my date :$
Be wary of those you meet toting gifts of friendship...
thanks Catherine: glad to have gotten to interact with you these past few weeks. looking forward to continued back & forth.
It was nice meeting you Napa Ron Capps! Hopefully you've caught up on your sleep by now from your early AM CBS 8 appearance.
" I feel like my character would drink tea" lmao that's my favorite commercial
just think hun more money ;)
Peeling an apple and crying.
he's in Vancouver filming the next Percy Jackson all summer
Listening to Google's Catherine Roe right now, in person....very cool info.
I might visit tunisia and u ?but what grade are u in?
The first two events of #Spring2012Rush are happening TONIGHT! Info Session @ 5pm in Alfiero 103 & Speed Interviews @ 6pm in Talbert 107!
Sandwich anyone?
"Those who are lifting the world upward and onward are those who encourage more than criticize." -Elizabeth Harrison
FaceTime tomorrow night? when is good for your timezone??
I'm glad you're glad!! :D did you have a good day on my birthday?
Just booked my flight back home to NC! It's been too long...family reunion!
on a scale of 1-10 this episode of #Revenge will definitely be an infinity :)!!!
I hate that the rappers that don't have much skill go big and the ones that do have rap skill don't. -.-
OMG, My Whole Twitter . is fulled with #MattHunter . (; let's keep it trending<3
I get to see him tonight I think :)))))
If the reasoning is reducing consumerism (to go with show), would us handing out paper anyway defeat the point?
Those all sound good! Thanks for your answer!
Shit..I need to learn to shut up.
Just 'cuz I rock, don't mean I'm made of stone. - theVoiceofRoy
Interesting - "Failure to Launch" was filmed in New Orleans AND Delaware, places where The Beau or I have lived. Too bad it's terrible.
LOVE your pics...they've got me super excited to take my guys in a few weeks!
Leave a love note. Something specific you love about your spouse. "Your recipe for pancakes" or "the way you look at me".
oh ya know . I got reasons ;)
morning. Have a cup of coffee. That may help. :)
They have and that's my point.
True beauty can be seen beyond the illusions.
Are the two not mutually exclusive?
“ #ItWasOverWhen getting jealous became a habit, trust has been lost, and insecurities became ur way of thinking”
starts at 2pm today
CONGRATULATIONS! Knock'em Dead!
concert in #Bham Bobby Brown is SO funny but will ALWAYS be my Fav! #I♥MIKEWhoCaresWhoULike!
TY 4 listening RT : Thank U all 4 helping us crowd source ideas abt live chats. We R going 2 make ths ideas reality
Jesse St James looks like he's my age. Not good, #Glee. Not good.
bulls obv... Tough loss
you too!
RT : Have you ever seen an illegal dump in the woods and not known what to do? Become a Citizen Watch volunteer...
what's up #seattle ?
10's! I'll call you later ;) x
bye bye Kelly
I remember you telling me this the day after I got my permit hahaha
Working with Capistar Group, LLC on their new website! Look for it soon.
I like 's Good in Goodbye. What about you?
I'm sorry sweetie. I'm single as of last monday :/ the 14th would've been 8 months.
as always, thanks for the love and support. Al!! Hoping all is well..
Yes, I am the real Dalton Cyr! RT : Are u the real Dalton Cyr :o?
It's medicinal. I got glaucoma. Cause sleep is for the birds.
i already did :) why dont you txt me anymore, yoou hoe! :/
Watching Coming to America..."The royal penis is clean your highness" LOL
i didnt finish my essay :/ but worked on it. so its okay (:
good point. xp support drops in 2013, but extended support goes to 2014 sometime. adoption rate of d8 probably will fall around then
Time machined back 2 1983 sitting in #carstereostore. Didn't know they sill existed.Talking tweeters, boxes and amps!
- 9th job? What? Thanks for the optimism lol
love you my nigga
"I am my own evil twin." - Casanova Quinn
thanks for the shout out, you are quite the busy girl. Hope you are doing great
do we have the same dentist? ;)
Any takers for my 2000th tweet. #accomplishments should be spread to others
If its your turn to pick a lunch spot, come by Wet Stone! We have something to please every palate! Open from 11am-2pm.
no double for me. Only my 10 mile trail run this am.
No lock on my phones,if u searching cool don't burn ya eyes..
RT Good Morning diet & exercise! :
Honey jack tenessee wiskey and coke yikes
Gotcha (in my best Sarah Palin voice)
DA announces charges against 2 officers
Wait, which is worse? MT "suburban kids adopting hip-hop cliches" = different than "bands doing mock covers of rap songs."
Great day of sled riding with family
I think that's part of the problem. Info Lit means various things to various people; Copyright for example...
... im sure it don't help when ppl say stupid shit to add to ur stress
Second to last week in July. Now we just need to find cheap airfare.... I can't wait! We didn't go last summer.
actually I am heading bk from Ed s wedding
Tammy dnt get no points u c the bitch scared let her make it
ah,sorry, hadn't been on for ages--we have 5.0 for now. They want Word-like track changes.
like dyson? It'd take Mitch over him at this stage of the season.
Peeps can someone tell me #WTF is cribbage?
Gotta rest them for the playoffs... Oh wait.
You can forward any #DMV #TFP requests our way.
Tahoe trip finally coming up, Hopefully Squaw Valley gets some snow before I head off.
As a (pedantic!) side note, one can sensibly question whether X is deserved even if there is no alternative to having X.
y is that a good thing ?
RT : Sweetwater Organics has wheatgrass, alfalfa, etc sprout trays for $16 each. to reserve
Beyonce doing the alanis cover on her live album is so sick and perfect.
awesome!!!! we have a music video coming out this thursday too :)
Damn OKC ain't have to get #TheLakeShow back like that! *Ghostface & Ne-Yo voice* 😱
Ejorge always is so unlucky xD
where are you guys located?
That's alright, Talia was already being a good girl and she's sleeping and I was studying so no stress babe
Whats up world??? Who fuk wit the Columbian Princess??? If you fuk wit ur gurl 4 Real S/O and lets start a chain!!!
I think so for sure just because they missed by their own accord. To drunk. Haha
Love Walt Disney!
haven't heard yet... RT : i forgot to ask when i was in the store but are u gettin those Digital camo AF1
wanna go to th movies or something? Cause im bored
What if we compromise and add shooting ranges?
nice boats. Follow boat enthusiasts, mags like tourist mags or coastal living. Fishing buffs, also Croatian culture. Good luck.
Yeah, I'd rather fuck Maggie Gyllenhaal myself. Maybe I'm just friends with people on the fringe.
I swear I need to get shadows of the damned again. is a freaking genius. :)
LOL RT : #Atheism is a cult with a small following.
I need the lakers to lose
These peeps Rock: - diggin’ their content on
hell yeah homie I can't wait. workin on raisin the money to get u and bless on a track g
I thought we were playing tomorrow? Lol
I wanna skate the
I'm sleepy. Waiting for the coffee to kick in. I need to get my rear in gear and start packing. I tend to procrastinate.
Some one ask about my best poker accomplishment it was 1987 Super Bowl of Poker. I Finished 1st twice and 2nd twice in the first ten events.
AWWW POOR BABY TAKE SUMTHN FOR IT
RIP Whitney Houston!!! Grew up to your music all through the 90's!!! You will forever be missed, and never forgotten.
Good morning my fellow TweetHearts! Happy Thursday to you!
We can't wait either, should be fun! Enjoy! RT Can't wait for this bulls game tonight
and you as well!
Okay I get it , I made a mistake. . Stop reminding me ! -.-t
RT Slightly upset about shaving his beard.. Better hope it grows back.. #OrElse // Hahaha
That's great! Plus they are 50% off today! Here's to better posture!
How about Perez Hilton MFing the Black Eyed Peas on his blog. And weeping? Awesome.
I think you just got cuter after i saw u today 😝😜
OK, moving this #Joyology thing into daily practice...today, how will you bring joy to others? Suggestions welcome.
ok. You let me know when ur ready and we'll get to work.
Good luck to athletic trainer Aaron Leu who is running the Boston Marathon today.
...? If It's what I think it is, I totally blame
There's a reason why the boys pick the #georgiapeaches ! Jammin' to my giirrrl!
Hydrate plenty while training in hot weather. Aquafina is refreshing before during and after, chocolate milk for recovery after!
are you famous lol?
she was booking' it! it was almost as weird as the pitbull in the side car of the motorcycle...
Hi Delena! *Grins* How have you been kiddo?
I need a tiny asian lady to shuffle on my back, my back has been killing me.
By harnessing the power of Pirate Bay, I. Am. God.
It was mostly smoke, but dear lord was there a lot of it. I've never been more glad I have one of those industrial-strength floor fans.
When you find the right dress, you just know :)
Wow! RT “: Boston Marathon allowing runners scheduled to run on Monday to defer to next year because of heat forecast"
"Is it just me or does that spongebob have a penis!?"
yea same...i wonder how many tweets he gets in a minute...probably lots...i have only messaged him like 20 times at random
too funny, thanks, I needed a chuckle
OK. My laptop's battery is dying, and I can't reach the power cord... must go to bed!
Victory for #MSU! Thanks everyone for joining us at the Cap this week!
"And it's the pearl buttons and denim jeans that has him looking just like Springsteen. Barefoot, white tee shirt..." :)
thanks for sharing, Dave & Manz
ha! How Now Brown Cow! Who can name that movie??
On another note, Stompeez Slippers are creepy looking!
Jenfek is playing the blind tiger tonight in greensboro nc doors open at 8
I am no longer a slave to sin!!
PGA course reporter at the Wells Fargo Championship!
Happy abt prediction made at event, we won't have websites in 10 yrs, just social media
maybe library retooling starts with spiritual/personality retooling, so pcreative writers can indeed teach us at a conference?
working on losing the pounds. Thanks for the inspiration. Hope u feel the love! :-) “: How r u guys today?”
so don't blow anything up my donkey only you do!!
aw<3 making my day
Ok everyone. What's the hot Twitter desktop toy that you recommend I use? I've been out of the loop for a year. Tweetdeck? Something else?
I have been waiting 364 days for this night!
If you show me the sea and mirrors, i will think Mendieta, Deren. The Walker shows them, and more. Midnight party.
Tehehehe(: Got My Costume Today.! Its Amazing.!
It seems that all three are having/had a fairly good day, Beck played decent, Tebow played well, Ponder is playing well
": My high school sophomore year is almost over! #omg #timeflies"
music makes life better :3
"Awake" on NBC was the best show premier I've seen in years. If it can keep it up it could be a real hit for NBC.
It was great talking with you guys. I'm going to sleep now. Stay in touch.
yeah I did(: lol #DumbBlonde moment (:
I feel like I'm missing something here
Whats up Danny!
21st-century anyone? RT : For less than the cost of operating the #USPS a printer could be installed in every house. Adam Fish
"will the world end in 2012 like the mayans perdicted?" "NO" "man we have to stay for final exams" lol
Hey guys! Our farewell show is coming up! April 9th Tickets are available early so hit us up for one!
s/o to for unfollowing me .
oh my gosh it's meant for us!
great day in point hope your day was good 2
Thanks for the follow Molly!
RT Feeling so strongly that I must say there is truly nothing as rewarding as helping another find their way to success & happiness!
Come to think of it... Part of me does not like he is sharing all of this info
I say it how it is if u don't like it then dont bother asking a question u know u won't like the answer to!
Of course : ) Hopefully, there'll be a lot of those horror-shivers!
I love your icon!
My creepy neighbor that never comes out if his house, has a a wifi ID called: Sillent_Killer
Hey you how have u been
no matter what, you always make me proud. thank you boo, i love you .x
"You can't map out a plan for a diverse life", Mari Kuraishi, co-founder and President, GlobalGiving.
What's cool is when you're an athlete, actor, and musician. Love how talented I am. LOL
DC: Mayor is now begging the President for his endorsement. He wants the job so badly, he will never get my support. Desperate Moolee!
thanks, will do.
I Kno Jordan Want dat 1st pick so he can grab Anthony Davis!!
Never say "just" when referring to coffee :- ) RT : just a medium #Coffe with a
The adult prom dresses at this prom show are amazing so far
First big "networking" dinner at #sxsw. We have achieved BBQ. Waiting to get into a premiere party. Sleep is irrelevant.
I take it you're either a cheerleader or a gymnast?
No Way! You live in 's pants too:D
"Thursday" is the new "Spa Day" at McMenamins Grand Lodge! Call 503.992.3406 or visit us at McMenamins.com for mor info!
Lawyers are like rhinoceroses: thick skinned, short-sighted, and always ready to charge
m hm got ya
Do others see God's goodness in you/me? How will they know He's good if not?
I'm catching up on listening to training calls :)
Thank you for the #FF dear!
I love hearing Charles Barkley ramble and talk himself in circles.
Fav Super Bowl commercial so far?Not sure but like the tag line for KIA. An epic ride. Cool word epic.
Just proved it again! Thanks for the retweetables.
did u look at da whole pic
It is so windy! Almost got knocked over this morning!
me too
General M&A figures in Canada in 2011 have been strong,with the energy industry seeing the greatest value deals.Read more...
Its a long year alot od positives to take out of this game especially rondo n bass, if pierce plays we win
nope..a brand new 57 for ya to break in. pls don't let anyone put drinks near turntables..just got fixed.thanks.
Sydney & I are having a slumber party.
I don't like it when I come up with something funny and can't share it due to non disclosure agreements. But I'm not just a Twit-median.
No good decision was ever made in a swivel chair
HAHAHAH same here
