lol thank you Brandon that's what I'm trying to figure out!! Hahah
arent't all girls ?
yeah man, good hang. Enjoy those jangly nuts!
#TheSexWasGreatWhen you walk outside and your car is covered in paint and wood stainer...
Oh my god snow!! Does not give you the excuse to drive like a moron! Lol
sad misunderstanding and lack of research. Thank you for voicing your opinions.
OH, ALMOST FORGOT...( I also wanted to rub in that I am going back to sleep now while you ninnies run around in the dark.)
Wine & cheese with
hahaha how rude!! ;)
man, just 50 pp in, but it's so very, very much my pleasure...
wow that's awesome. But again more like ancient artifact than "antique"
Thanks. :) Josh built the site, by the way.
Hopefully I'll remember to do it! Unfortunately, no pictures because camera is down.
Aye young homie what ya trippin on? Looking at life like how did I get it wrong..
I expect a reply as soon as you find it. 99.9% that's NCAI though.
Such a complex love.
I want to go in a hot air balloon. I also want to ride in a blimp. Just in case you care....
Seriously too tired to be driving home....
Cal... In Berkeley.
The reaction I've seen is not so much surprised,& mostly giving kudos. Lack of disclosure is disappointng, tho.
Follow-spree :P
Arsvitis by Moselland is in, we have a holiday scene and winter scene filled with tasty Riesling.
not yet my mang
200 on each blog. I only realized this when I had to edit them all!!
jus shut up nd txt me
Plan in my world wide trip with Anabel B-)
": Oh Kathy, that sucker was licked up 5 minutes after I got it! ;) Had a blast with you!!!" LOL!! you too :)
Stop throwing thrash on the ground for someone else to pick up. Also, stop throwing gum on the ground, sidewalks and floors.
Thank you. We greatly appreciate it.
Got a feeling the Toon Squad pulls this one out in the end, you guys.
More people smoking weed today than drinking
I can cover up the cuts with foundation. I have no hydros or weed or cigs so theres no proof
Happy 4th of July! Be thankful for all the little freedoms in America that we so often take for granted!
my city cut throat...
Courage is not the absence of fear. It's acting in the face of fear.
Follow me :-)
Just returned from meeting with 100 other Information professionals and leading the session for first timers on networking and learning fro…
If Bosh is out all of sudden the Cs might have a legit shot at the title.
My pleasure. I can't stop laughing at it either.
don't tell my boss!
just grateful to have had power when we woke up this a.m.!!!
When Your Gone I Just Touch You But Your So Far Away
#PleaseFollow me to get good health information and other useful links. I also provide health tips for
When you dance you'll set the world on fire
I really hate the movie Cyberbully.
lol smh I'm not craving it today
PHOTOWALK HERE IN AUSTIN, TEXAS THIS WEEK. Details on my wall.
Casting notice that has the gall to demand of "serious actors only" should be a union production. Serious actors don't do non-union.
U know who the Sox should use? That Santos guy! Oh way, never mind. #Twins have a solution, never be in a save situation!
greatest power is knowledge
If you haven't already, be sure to check our music out on facebook. facebook.com/attempttofail, If you like Rock, you won't be dissapointed
Going away drinks for at MACNIVENS (if its not scottish its crap!) On Friday! Be there!
WH on jobs report:"much more remains to be done to repair the damage." || But what?? And when?? (h/t )
I want to have a date
We can print and finish #custom banners in any shape or size. See our catalog and all the products Olympus Group offers:...
RT : 12 Reliable Tips For Selling Your Home In 2012: Consider that of the homes that took four months or more to sell......
Which point guard from the '09 Draft (post Jennings) would you most want to have: Jrue, Lawson, Maynor, Teague or Collison?
Craving a green chile cheese burger.....
The fact that I still have food thag I brought with me to Disney is really nice
heyy gurl!! i havent spoken to u in a while, or seen ur face wahh :( so excited for snl tonight!!! i hope hes funny though lol
A million feelings. A thousand thoughts. A hundred memories. All for one person
Anybody can say something real, but not everybody is about the shit they talk about.
Onstage auditions today and the color printer is out of commission. Kinda hard to print headshots...
Thanks for the follow
Happy International Women's Day To All The Wonderful,Beautiful, Fabulous,Amazing,Blessed Women In The World!
Long wait is over!Boyfriend music video tomorrow!
The Internet is one of our most valuable tools. Use it to the MAXIMUM. Let's get this movement going VIRAL!!!!!
I need an adventure...right now
My first question for all tech troubleshooting is if the thing is powered on. The first suggestion is to restart it. :)
Yay Randy! Also enjoyed your show at the Taper!
I stayed home my nigga >:O & do you want me to take the thing tomorrow?
Nice win Nugs!
yeah, I'm sure your reporter was *made* to lie in a dark bedroom.
I want that boyfriend who understands me like I understand him cause we both boss niggas :)
Calc exam today
JUST 2 MORE DAYS!!! 2 MORE DAYS UNTIL THIS GIRL GETS TO MEET ! :) :) As you can see...I'm SUPER excited!! :D
Follow Back?
Hitting 4 homers in a game has TOTALLY changed the appropriateness of giving Josh Hamilton a contract extension.
Where in Canada?
I need me some season 3 fix. I can't wait. Maybe we should get Showtime.
Lmao I had that same stripping feeling last night too
Not likely but love to see it...Shock the World Tebow!!!
so excited about the future of !!!!!! HUGE NEWS COMING SOON!
(1) I generally don't take to Twitter for protesty/social injustice talk (I'm too verbose) but I do have one question:
great catching up last night. Thanks for the suggestions!
Done. Please check email immediately and follow up with me asap. Thank you.
Let's make it happen! ;-) RT You r quoted in our Favorite Tweets of the Week and r entered 2 win-stay tuned!
not sure but I'm pretty sure we can fix that
oh thanks for letting me know! Love that you're teaching HS kids
We #Welcome #NATO and #Occupy have a good meal..see a show!
oh funny, i didn't even notice the building haha
Tonight at 9: see people sit on bus after escaping a mundane tragedy.
"live to give" invest in any restaurants? I need an investor. yo, I'll cook for ya anytime, show ya what I can make! ya dig?
avoiding the heat this afternoon by seeing a movie.
Where can I get a ginger bread house kit?
keep your car on the road your on the right path only GOD can judge you have my support hommie!
in the car! Lol, what about you?(:
did she teach that lesson well enough ,cus yo behind did not learn based off my experiences
Everything that comes in threes tends 2 be special & #ICA's Tale of the Three Composers is no exception Join us on May 22: www.icamusic.org
follow me an I will give you a cookie. (:
will be running 10 min late
Thanks, Lisa. Check out my latest Tweet!
Our love was so comfortable and broken in <3
Great read so far. It's history well and entertainingly told.
Good morning Grand Rapids! Did I miss anything while I was away?
I, like pigeons, am full of crap.
Good morning #twitfam The condensation on my window pane tells me the days is already brightening up ;D
Thank you Anna!! Hugs!!
I've explained that if I could spell, I wouldn't have to work in radio. Should be over quickly unless they spot me Þhe
That's the gov approach to just about everything. and i think it's called: Not getting it. .... and....
Like sands through the hourglass, there goes my teeth into your back.
Watching the western conf finals, lets go lakers!
I love future husband! <3
Couldn't figure how to comment on the fox retweet; I just thought it was hilarious. Obama delcared war on marriage! That's right, war!
they're both important
thanks for reply,for tweets and contests-starting to think real secret to your success is never sleeping! U R INSPIRATION!
Did you know you could get up to 20% off your homeowner's insurance when you install a monitored security system?
At #totalbent with ! Love Stew & Heidi's music so hard.
Up since 3 in the morning and now stuck on a plane in Louisville waiting for the weather to clear
Now I'm thinking , Welcome to the Adult World ! O.o
"Angry Birds Space" got to steal that
...these meetings are MANDATORY if you're a DJ, but if you can't make it, email us at
played your music in Toronto and Montreal! Wish I made a video of it! But one girl liked the flow!
We're gonna resurrect the Kanye/VMA meme for Hulk, right? "Loki, I'ma let you finish but..."
#phillyin7 .....oh wait
Ok. It's alright with me something are just ment to be and when it does I'm already gone
3.12.12 <3 this dude got me caught but im in a effin pickle....lets slow it down.
Glad to hear it! It's truly an incredible resource.
Hospital meditation centers feel a lot like the Bajoran temple on the promenade of Deep Space Nine. No orbs, though.
Don't worry because worry makes stress & stress stumps creativity
told you! Take her in the back of a car & have sex xD
The grave of Manuel Antonio Cháves, who destroyed Confederate supplies at Glorieta Pass, in the Civil War, has been found near San Mateo.
Oh Eddie O, you're the one thing NBC's hockey coverage does right!
I love you more!!!!! And that blonde stripper who I would do up and down Hahaha anyways I'm so glad I got to see you monkey
On da way to micky D's
Irritation on a hundred , thousand , trillion .
U still ugly
Life's too short to always take the fastest route.
Oh yeah you right I am gay "Full of happiness" lmao
Revere might be here but Emerald Lounge is on its way...excited to open our doors!
wait, do you have an Old kitty you don't want anymore?! :( haha! I was just saying I want a kitty and a dog too! Love animals:)
at least you get a break, right?
RT : Broncos Fever is sweeping through Ram Country! #GoBroncos!
too excited for work tomorrow. gonna be a workaholic this summer, and I'm okay with that :)
text you when i get service
I find her irresistibly annoying
There is a small chance that I will let a pro cut and flat-iron my hair and get my bob fix that way. Small chance.
Listening to -Eyes on You and mom had a deep head nod groove goin... Lol she was feeling it
please follow me?(: Get to meet you tomorrow!
I love to travel too. Am in Florida this week...how about you? Any exciting travel plans?
So I gave them over to their stubborn hearts to follow their own devices. Psalm 81:12
Good night friends :)
The pictures taken at the Jeremih concert will be up tonight!
I hereby nominate Nelson Cruz as the rightful heir of the "Mr. October" mantle.
figured he would go all Alec Baldwin on any flight attendant who told him to turn off his phone
you're the only one entertained by this.
nice - sometimes it just takes fresh eyes
Im AT The Hoteellllll!
Essential Sensing Technologies &amp; Methods to Be Featured at Sensors Expo &amp; Conference
YOU DON'T KNOW ME.
It's a legit question.. Are the klids these Days still into the E? Is that hip? I need to know the lingo...Can't be a square
I'm hungry
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts. – John Locke
when are you and coming to the Bus? We went from 🎃to 👙and I don't see u two!
Disruptive innovation is changing more than the way we operate...it's changing how we think!
i saw ur earlier tweet..... i know my house is boring but did u have 2 say it on twitter.... thts all
Good morning. Due to technical difficulties the end of the world has been postponed. Sorry. Have a nice day.
wishing to experience -50 degree...hm..hahaha never mind...
Horton, Thx for all the mentions. Susan
thank you for you tweet! :) It was really sweet, I'm glad you enjoyed reading my tweets. Happy Friday!
Aight well just get at me when you get off
Happy Labor Day, Twitter. I guess you don't get the day off, though.
Support the local fighters at the UPRISING press conference and weigh-in today at 2pm in the showroom
#YoureGoodInMyBook if you're a firm believer in earning respect before you gain it
Did you know that the new GreenLine will serve popular destinations including Bayshore Mall, UWM, downtown and the airport?
Not that I'm aware of at this moment.
Yes love, we do! We carry Odin, Truefitt and Hill, and Bond No. 9...I def. think you are a Truefitt guy, come see me this week~
wats good with sum beats... Lets talk sum serious business
Damn hoping they were going to announce Jak and Daxter 4 yesterday since it was the first Jak and Daxter's birthday yesterday
Just picked up some great holiday gifts at in ! the cocktail colorfully rings are just the cutest!
that's a dirty lie
“: Dear cold: I'm done with you. Please leave now. I'm taking my life back. -xoxo t” Ditto!
: Hashtag this one so we can all know the answers.
oh ya
haha u know it(;
Weagle weagle WAR DAMN EAGLE, kick em in the butt big blue!!!
Same shit get old and eventually feelings change
Now everybody shut up! Fringe is on.
LaRussa is a piece of garbage!
16 hr hustle yesterday and lacing up my track shoes for another one today.
they are really good!
Thank you for the re-tweet love!
I'm a little drunk on you, and high on Summertime.
Send me your Tumblrs, and I'll follow you(:
Happy new year from the west coast!
3/4 of Arneis is off to Puebla, Mexico! Broadening our horizons a bit and playing music by Mexican Baroque composers from Puebla.
Good to see and hear that positve energy. All the best to you.
he's in Vegas all week do he is off
Don't let a single dream go to waste..
happy birthday! Have a great day. :)
For especial offers and up dates join our fan page on facebook! E-mail the contact information and you will get a 15% your next visit!
do you think tech companies like Apple and Google help or hurt journalists?
I don't know what it would look like, but I know it would be fantastic. Count me in.
not at all!
Open the door and let'em in! Yeah! Someone's knockin' at the door…
Trying to resist the urge to text someone who has been a dick to me more times than I can remember.........must fight..........
Omg just called my friend PRETTY ! I'm so happy for you
Connect with me on facebook at DenieceWardBarnes/facebook.com
Watched Shaun of the Dead at work and won 2nd place in the costume contest. Good day.
We all know you're just a David Stern fan. I mean it's obvious.
Someone please bring me food to Vitense!
you're right and the Devils always play Rangers tough Far from over + Rangers have to prove they can take control of a series
Didn't play great but got the win and hit the game winner thanks to new kicks were grwat moving on up to D1
finding nemo is a classic
But we'll probably miss each other and you'll find us working at a local brew haus
hello. I cleared out my email. :) can you resend it?
blew it up tonight!
We are challenging everyone to call in from 1-2pm for our TCC Twitter POWER HOUR with a $25 donation at 720-855-3247!!
Im planning my trip to LA so i can see Deray. dude so damn funny I usually follow him to just about every city he performs in. I cant wait
It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.
You can bend light, but not time. Prove it.
could you play Stay the Same, or any of Danny's solo work.
My pleasure!
#FBSci "Know your audience" marketing on Facebook is not that different than Marketing in general
We'll keep you updated but a reminder - Cummings is on w @ 9AM & @ 10AM re GSA & Secret Service scandals
forgot your iPod, I see...
I am happily dating my boyfriend, but that doesn't mean I won't click on the picture of a friend's hot friend on
thats pretty awesome
It's in your mailbox
It's my birthday and Against Me! White Crosses re-issue comes out.
drove to the 1-yd line before a scoop and score on a fumble. They'll be OK.
I thought you had Polish in you (Insert awesome joke)
Suicide is a tragic event with strong emotional impacts for its survivors and for families of its victims. Please learn the warning signs
You know very well he's chuckling at the memory of it. Romney is the worst of the assholes.
thinking???<---anything for Kobe...can I get you some coffee Mr. Bryant?
Made ground turkey stroganoff for lunch today!
shit. Not gonna make it. “: Frieze New York will be closing in 15 minutes. #FNY12”
I don't follow golf as much as I did when I was younger, but I still get pretty giddy about the Masters.
Did you know Print1Media offers great design services for a reasonable price? Let us design your next business card, brochure or post card
How to support #wellesleydh (cont.): give up being the only expert on your topic...collaborate, collaborate, collaborate!
i am going to miss the coyotes :-(
with the internet this slow it's just taking me longer to complete my procrastination breaks.
Forbes Thought Of The Day “ Vanity is a mortgage that must be deducted from the value of a man".
yeah same way here, but its everything way too many people get caught up in all that and lose sight of what really matters
What?! I thought that's what social media was all about...
Is a gym rat!
RT : Follow and Visit www.powerhouseorlando.com for event updates, pictures & videos!!!
Speakeasy this Saturday. email for details...
great! looking forward to making you fat in your tummy area. :)
Back on iPhone
thats what dads do it takes a man to come to him and let him know he loves his daughter in his face
you are the best friend ever Emma
I like to bike, walk, and run around my neighborhood because I get to see all sorts of things I never see, despite our proximity.
Congrats to the car wash winners! - DM us your name and address to claim. Happy weekend to all!
ZillyDilly is based right here in the Windy City. What other native Chicagoans are attending #IRA2012?
Buy 1 get 1 free today on select items at H&M and Forever 21. Ann Taylor $30 off full price sweaters.
Jacob is 12 yrs old and has a mother in Bedford. So articulate and brave to speak to audience.
I'm kinda excited to work all weekend.
To those that know. Want to see something vey funny?? Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one there
I love the smell of a good salon.
Thank you for following as well. Looking forward to reading your tweets. :)
#AskAlexConstancio HEY WERE DO YOU SEND FAN MAIL??? FOLLOW ME???
you dont mention the winner's names in the article, it just says "cc"
If coupons weren't part of a typical sunday paper, how many subscriptions would decline? Clipping coupons are a thing of the past.
A taste for irony has kept more hearts from breaking than a sense of humor, for it takes irony to appreciate the joke which is on oneself
Off to bed... Praying tomorrow will be a better day
It's always a great day when you start it w & his team's smiling faces! It was a pleasure having y'all here this AM.
Oh priorities!!!!
Grapple's is talking at today's at Southampton Solent, do ask him any qs about careers in mobile!
i doubt he lives like 10 or 11 miles away;p.
nice but only those with over 750 ficos can get a loan
Thanks for the shoutout! :) RT This is a random tweet. You guys should follow my cousin,
The only texts I've gotten today are from twitter, thanks for being my friend twitter :)
Ann: Why don't you report to Mitt the crap he's says is offensive to the majority of women? Then maybe you wouldn't have to work so hard...
You really think he knows what a "Page view" is?
Too many people have died over stupid shit like drugs and robberies
the blonde girls so pretty
note on my Yogi teabag tag "Your Greatness is measured by your #Gifts not by what you have." Thought of you 2 <3
That's all I needed to know
Never tell a girlfriend, wen u and yo man goin through it, chances are she happy af on the inside, waitin to slide in yo spot!
I need new music #Boyfriend :)
Great gig at The Tipping Point tonight .. thanks to our old and new friends for hanging out all night!
can't Yelp anymore. Who would have thought?
go die in a well
And if I hit the switch, I can make the aaaaasss drop.
Watching #roadworlds in Manchester train station, cannot recognize anybody in these national jerseys.
need more hours in a day for projects but im good!
my butt's on replay
The winky face at the end of that made us blush a little... ;)
I mean you don't NEED to, I could just show you my flowchart I drew up. Explains a lot.
lol your welcome love you too renee
Hahahaha I kinda love you lol
Wide awake and I have to get up for school in 3 hours.. Not okay.
Yeah! If any team can do it, it's the Bulls!!
Honesty is the 1st chapter of the book of wisdom ~ Thomas Jefferson
All set for a massage. This is gonna be so great. I really need this.
KB from Nonpoint hosts his premier of Rough Cuts @ 9pmEDT right here on www.wsupfl.com. Tune in!
"Mistress of Metadata" that's great... what about for us guy-brarians?
and it still looked like a normal moon in every picture. Seeing the moon live was nice, the pictures were the same old thing.
ok dm you back
buys for 2.5 billion? if true, that's huge. Congrats to !
ran out of body wash so used head & shoulders for soap
“: "Happy Pizza" is a pizza sold in Cambodia topped with marijuana.”😱
The little kids in my neighborhood are so annoying
Just ate like 10 white chocolate mini reeses...
Algebra first thing in the morning? #getthepledge D:
Well today has just been completely shitty. /':
I have renewed my license to bitch for another electoral cycle. Thank you, I am feeling very American today.
Yeah thats Right, keep it moving, i'll hit a old lady lol
is A Legend <3
but ima have to ask you for tequilaa! ;)
My NFL fantasy football team finally made it into the top 5 of my league.
Had a lovely second anniversary with my hunny today. I even got jewelry. He got robot kits. The best part, tho, is having each other.
Im so hot and tired
My pictures never come out right.
RT : Snow squalls pushing into MoCo & Fairfax co. Don't let sunshine out in front of it fool you! Heading to DC next hour.
Hi Michelle - looking forward to joining in on the chat this evening!
RT : about to give away more $scholarships to aspiring young journalists. feels good.
On my way to work
Let him reintroduce himself, his is KOBE, he gets wins by the O.Z.!
great! How's work
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-30
totally. my dadll be like come over for a bon fire and things will get crazy from there haha
I mean dat
What's wrong with your hair, I'm sorry your not "bad" you just look bad-_-
what's good?!
Thanks so much! We appreciate that!
Done with Disney. Now time to go out :D
Just finished the book #OneDay ... having mixed feelings about the ending!! Is the movie worth seeing?
It's "Hillary hang out day" :) when is class over, 5?
Is now being represented by Kazarian Spencer Ruskin and Associates!
I'm looking for ideas for dinner on Christmas day in Seattle. Do you have any restaurant suggestions?
You can never convince an insane person that they are wrong
Avril are cook!
Hate when my dad smokes in the car. Especially while I'm here 🚬😲
that's right....you showed them...just keep acting with dignity, it's its own reward...
Dear the UK, guess what, Americans don't have Christmas crackers! What kind of crazy world did I land in?!
- Favorite moment: the last line of the Constitution. Sent chills down my spine! Tremendously inspirational.
More workshops underway for today! Making workshop at 1pm, 601 Tully - construct materials for the Feb. 18 performance
Missing you... I have all this ono kine grindz to eat all by myself. :(
Facebook is the adult way of having imaginary friends.
Self-respect.... get it before you expect anyone to want you around them.
What are the rule/perks to each? PDF, downloadable, stupid splash page on mobile? etc.
Ever take a shit so intense you had to take off all your clothes?
thank you! ^ag
Don't ask me what the meaning of life is. You define it.
#ILikeItWhen sings(: it awakens my soul a little more each time.(:
Crown on the Ground Wtf.... Who writes this shit?
Facts are stubborn things. ~ Ronald Reagan
Just FYI writers, John's Hopkins is in Baltimore NOT DC.
Hey Sweetie, can you dm your email address and phone. I can't find it.
10x10 play festival at Fells Point Corner Theatre tonite features a play by Mr Delirium, Survey Pro. Awesome event!
Ugh hangover
that's so annoying -__- I'm a girl , he is a boy ! Boys have to make the first move !
Sorry for that random act of random... Just posted what was on my mind.
hey where have u been?
David Camp- we sold our last piece in 2008. This economy kills the artist's identity.
SIN Night is in full swing! Come on out and end you 'Manic Monday' on the right note...
tell them Bro!!!!
I am all dance competioned out. ..
not sure about other parts of the city but this one connects the Frost Bank Tower to the Municipal Plaza
Black George Michaels
haha austin got
Oh Em Ge. Twitter, Please Fix This Problem !
granny tryin to get u some! U better listen or when u go over there tomorrow she gone ask u again lol
Listening to Guy's I Like got me back on task.
I love twitter so much like for real<3
The restaurant industry is projected to expand in 2012, according to the National Restaurant Association's 2012 Restaurant Industry Forecast
Twinning rocks! What a great night at the Palace Theatre Newark with the Ransome Reunion Band.
WHAT? this is my go-to move when this situation happens... must reassess all social interactions now
no skip it fag,
hey kie. triangle>fiji
Is it in stores yet? Also, does it have a surprise ending? I hate to think I already know how it ends...
REFILL SATURDAY PRE-MOTHERS DAY CELEBRATION @ MARIOS 2NITE* FIRST 20 LADIES GET IN FREE & FREE DRINK COURTESY OF &
learned to jam so well.
Thanks again. Have a great day!
Turning an upper division course for majors that meets twice a week into a once-a-week course for non-majors does not, in fact, equal fun.
you listen to them also :o?
Perhaps. The one good recruiter I worked with actually had LinkedIn recommendations. It set him apart.
I just finished a 3.44 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Good morning. After spending the week with JX and Kit, I am anxious to read the next book. Is Sept the projected release month?
Line weakening as it moves toward Montgomery-Auburn.
Look forward to having you down here!
hey i miss u and Kayla
Im glad the Fakers lost.
Emergency officials: Houses destroyed by reported tornado in Alabama, no word of injuries
Yep.. You Did
watch tv check tumblr and go to bed at like 9 now I'm crying I hate life sigh why do we breathe did you write that email yet?
of course! Done:)
yea I do. In my schools showchoir but yea releasing my first single soon!
nothing. Interesting right? I know.
Congratulations to Matt Toledo Publisher & CEO of LA Business Journal for completing a 3 day solo bicycle ride from San Francisco to Malibu
Thx for the welcome to Twitter
Last day of babysitting this week is officially over thank god
my back hurts, I'm having a shitty day. I'll be so glad on May 30th.
Just a heads up, if you tweet about Lindsay Lohan, even ironically, you will get some odd responses from people you don't know.
is lier a word ?
Thanks for including :-)
I'm afraid of looking stupid - barrier to faculty engagement.
Up early in the gym workin on my fitness. Massive heater the last half hour last night was fun. Hopefully I can keep it going today.
can't be serious
Needs some new good tunes to vibe to....Anybody have any artist suggestions?
who was it? A fellow #kw peep?
There are just too few excuses to wear brown these days..
#ItGetsMeMadWhen kids get out of line wit they parents... i remember when i got my ass beat for even THINKIN some shit wrong.. smh
Want coffee sucka
why jealous?
Of course both.. ;-) RT Which one? ****please say both, please say both****
my bestie is a man whore, just thought i'd let ya'll know :)
I thought the same exact thing. Good quality night huh?
NAMC members..send corporate logo to for posting on NAMC website.
At Phoenix Landing, drinkin a beer, listening to my boy Bebo and my girl Julia play some reggae dub! Here's to forbidden Tuesday nights!
What do you think about SOPA?
Hubert Davis is so hype right now!!! Definitely a biased journalist & I love it!!
Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt
I can't believe the disrespected Mike Mussina's number by giving it to Bill Hall... what's that about
This. RT : STARTUP IDEA: invent a printer that isn't a complete piece of shit.
Does anyone wanna buy my trampoline
When I get in a great space mentally, and let go of negative self talk, I attract unexpected wonderful surprises. Life amazes me today.
Oh, really?
He if ain't acting right then find someone who will
"Winners never cheat and cheaters never win" is one saying that everyone knows isnt true
Always press "Live" after watching replays on your DVR. Otherwise, you dont know wat ppl are talkin bout on twitter until about 3 min later.
and I forgot my nitro! Have fun! I got my kids in bed!
HOWEVER... I will rock my white dinner jacket in clubs/bars year round.
Thanks, JN! Me thinks this v relevant to @
It's also a good day for Brittain Fellows to remember that was a fantastic Max for Halloween in 2010.
Forgive my ignorance, but can someone fill me in on what the hell the Met Gala is?
NCCMLS Members: TODAY ONLY For Every Listing entered on the NCCMLS today earn 1000 impressions for your Banner Ad! www.nccmls.com
Tune in to at 3pm to hear out co-artistic director #JamesRoday chat about & #LAthtr !
Hi could you help trend #1DTweetLauren for ? She's an 11 yr old girl who got paralyzed in a car accident
them through amazon. I bought a book because I would rather support Barnes & nobles than amazon. You can borrow books for
yeah, i seem to be a target wherever i go. (shhhh -- i love it!)
Chicago streets were dead this morning; I guess that explains why I saw a Caprice Classic wagon cosplaying Ecto-1.
Best Dressed had to be Gweneth Paltrow!
if that were the case, you would have seen my wand in action! That, however, was not the case.
EMI is just the company to make it happen, GH
#Thankyou to all my followers, particularly the newer ones. Love #Twitter, but don't spend as much time on it as I should. I'll get there!
Copped some vinyl today. Can't wait to hear what's on them.
COWBELL!!!! Its good to be alive!
I just earned the Master badge on #Yelp!
"Go Ask Alice" best book ever. it sold over 4 million copies.:))
Deborah, thanks so much!
Adding to your insomnia-don't go to bed yet-Tips to sleep like a baby. reports on next.
Next drawing will be at midnight! #GoodLuck!
Windy, cloudy -- but dry -- weather ahead; red flag warning issued
On bot! He's going down
gotta keep a backup in the desk. It's a must.
Also, the Reapers as a colonialist power in Mass Effect is quite interesting.
on my way!
Harry Vaughan~ If you cant stand the heat get out of the kitchen.
Jerking off to your pic.
are you insinuating that POTUS kept unmplymnt artificially high for 2012? RT : CAMPAIGN TIME: UNEMPLOYMENT RATE DROPS TO 8.2%
Thx! and great list!
Do you listen to I Break Horses? Solid shoegaze/dream-pop. I'd wondered if they were named after the Smog song—turns out they are!
Kayla Jackson '86 talks about growing up in DC and how it shaped her involvement in non profits.
Ready to spin tonight! People already here for Latin Gold Thursdays! in Hotel #ABQ! 9pm-Close!
pretty sure there's a photo of this happening somewhere on fb..
I hope Snooki doesn't have any problems delivering her baby. She'd hate to hear the doctor say "We've got a little situation here..."
Holla at the puerto. When we all goin out again?
hahaha so sensitive im joking but w.e.
could be raining cats and dogs tonight
Definitely one of my favorite quotes: To be loved is to be fortunate, but to be hated is to achieve distinction. Minna Antrim
Almost forgot to pick my mom up at the aero puerto. Oopsies
Trying to fight off this cold, way too much going on to get sick right now
#808Pride dont jump into dating someone cause u never no if they will have their arms open to u
my new fav movie is 'the grace card' its an amazing movie. I bawled through it. It opened my eyes.
I later found it was an adaptation of "Lord of the Flies" by William Golding (which was required reading at some point).
grandmas house!
that teddy bear is soo cute
cool cool :) haha i saw mr. k at a fancy mcdonalds i was like oh ahahaha
This is your father...I insist you go throw snowballs!
Come by and support your SF GIANTS. get your Coors Lights all night long!!
Name one thing betta than the movie The Wiz? Its pretty hard to do.
i spilled starbucks all over my purse now everywhere i go im gonna smell like a carmel frappucino
I love lamp!!!
If i hear someone call ugly i'll be like SHUT THE FUCK UP you want him.Bitches get mad! 💛💚
yea that was a good chance! Glad he buried the game winner. Great win even though the Rangers got outplayed
I totally agree with the compromise. I'm glad someone will bring it up.
instant human---better than a Polaroid!
#shoutout to . How tweet she is!
that is CRAZY!!!! your show is one of the wittiest on tv... :(
Fireworks on the Hudson tonight!
OMG i know! how awkward is it to make eye contact with a singing person...
": think I can trick into taking me to see Beauty & The Beast in 3D tonight? time will tell. #WilyCharlatan"
Does anyone else panic about making the gravy? Share a great recipe please! -Kristin Burns
Super Lemon Haze and Vanilla Kush is here. Come in for you discount.
Well I am glad I could make your day then :)
Students visas abused as 50,000 enter UK for employment not studies: Government's migration controls failing as ..
aww what happen??? You still don't hit me no more
looks unanimous. Thanks, fellas.
One thing I wanna do before I die: give Justin Bieber a hug and tell him how much he means to me.
Great day! Power hour & a half at the gym. Good biz meeting. Great #Pens win over Philly! Now a beer and more hockey!
when have you ever heard me say I'm in peace?
no I do sing but..... Once in a blue moon!
Hey guys! Be sure to pick up Bring Me The Horizon's, Chiodos', and Abandon All Ship's NEW ALBUMS! THEYRE ALL AWESOME!Tell us what you think!
Live music tonight with COVERZ INC. ! Bring your friends! Bring your friends friends!!! Drinks specials all night
Estrada with his 2nd consecutive start not allowing a hit through 1st 3 innings...let's hope this turns out better than Monday.
Yikes. RT : Remember this day. 551-day-old Instagram is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old New York Times Co.: $967 million.
Why did you tell me this now AT 5:33? Let me talk to coach...
I wish I didn't feel a sense of inadequacy with regard to the word "tolerance." But I do prefer inclusion, acceptance.
I love you duct tape feet man. You'll forever be in my heart.
besides the fact that it's AWESOME, delicious, and cheap?? 5 stars. :)
No problem!(:
Man, this is a long drive to Nashville!
Duck and run
so how old are you?
Waiting for "The ugly:" tweet.
New followers makes a happy DJ even happier!!!!
Reminder: created a handy list of #thatcampphilly tweeps: /thatcampphilly (let know if you're not on it!)
It's ok to kiss a fool. It's ok to let a fool kiss you. But never let a kiss fool you.
cough VERY loudly a few times. if that doesn't work, start fidgeting a bit. Hopefully that'll wake him up.
We're still chugging away at Audio Addiktion's new website! Hopefully it will be live soon!! :)
getting ready for the CRAFT PUNK FASHION SHOW!! Friday the 13th of August at the Launchpad.
"Written in the stars"
No not today..
Fuck it. I'm going to open another bottle wine because I can ;) x
I bow to your superior twitter etiquette.
So nervous lets go Reed!
Hence why I say, God, Family, then work, church, etc.
You shall have no foreign god among you; you shall not bow down to an alien god. Psalm 81:9
Um, ding?
Guess who is going to the pool party today. See ya ja
"building the choochoos?" Why does this man (Del. McDonough) think we should take him seriously?
Wrote an e-mail tonight that twice featured parentheticals w/in parentheticals.
Obnoxious lirr convo. Long Island accent at "11." Hate crime to my ears.
3 miles this morning and 7 miles tonight including 15 hill repeats. Good start to Feb.
Imparali Custom Tailors are offering $100 discount on custom suits !
I'm bored can someone tweet me something?
That grass fed burger w/ bacon at is no joke.
Welcome to the party!
Your a brave man! Never know what lurks in the fog!
“Life is no game. There are no cheat chodes. If you mess up, you can’t press the restart button.” Teamfollowback
Yes, there are a lot of chapters in that area. The important thing is that you're active and financial somewhere.
Looking forward to having a beer with ya bro RT : #scip2012 ok... I kept quiet for an hour or so... :)
kansas looks like shit!
Original Metal Gear (PSOne) on the PSP. So good and such a classic.
showing some H-town love, follow back
: Oakland intersections taken over smoke being seen in the streets 1000s marching marchers masking up ..its on police st ...
.RT : : As a senior with pertinent job experience, how do I effectively communicate "I WANT A JOB"?
Last day Joe Tremaine's interview with #GLEE Choreogrpaher Zach Woodley will be featured on MasterTalentTeachers.com...
If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead, either write things worth reading or do things worth writing. - Benjamin Franklin
ha, good point. Just unfortunate timing.
that movie defines my childhood...but now that I say that it makes me realize I must have had a very strange childhood.
Do you believe in magic? :)
Must be nice... To know what happened in the avengers...
lol love you and so happy to see you are doing better!
The weather we're experiencing is better known as the Irish Spring
Timberline Chrysler is on the Chrysler chop list that came out today. Hear from surprised owners coming up in 15 minutes on midday news.
RT : Come to "Rival Schools / Nations Afire" Saturday, May 21 from 10:00 pm to 1:00 am. Opening band: 10pm Rival......
Haha Thank You! Whatever you make my job easy!
an wat is it that you want D?
Transmodern Site is Live www.transmodernfestival.com
Many thanks. Enjoy the week-end.
great twitter page to follow for NYY fans.
goodnight boy!! xx
#Yankees Granderson hits three dingers in one game while across a few state lines #Tigers GM Dombrowski wakes up in a cold sweat...
remind me to put you on the list of people I need to play in Monopoly. Sounds like he was hustling backwards. Lol
I need to go get my hair doin
Thanks for #FF! Happy Friday :)
Best news ever. So Im definitely getting a new car before the end of fall semester. Aye can't wait to say good bye to my chevy
- I can only imagine. This whole situation tears my heart apart. This should NEVER have happened to Trayvon.
I agree but the fact that her family's money gives her less reason for anxiety is my problem.
The feeling you get when the person you like smiles at you
WHoever doesnt is so crazy! haha
Pretty sure that was Ron Wolf's worst #1 pick w/ the Packers.
Seems like u followed da wrong thing dis time #lmao!!!😂😂😂
Maybe if i could stop thinking about how good things used to be, I might be able to have the strength to leave..--
such good bagels! Where are they from!?
We were hacked, but it's under control. Though we advocate self-care, we don't promote weight loss products. Sorry for any rogue tweets!
only 400 words this morning but that's a start. Now off to my SoulCollage workshop. Back to #amwriting this afternoon if you wanna join!
only if u thnk u r....otherwise, keep charging my friend
Don't forget to change your clocks this weekend - and make sure your DVR is set by show and not time!
what happened
You need to be prepared. Proper preparation and a solid game plan to your approach of #networking will replace that fear with confidence.
bitch obama is finna keep only me and my people in kuwait... im fuckin heated
omg I forgot about philosophy ?!?!? Oh noes lol its looking like im just going to wing it
Did you know? is a huge fan of She watched him during his MMC days.
why not, all good things must come to an end, and a diss in the hand is woth two job offers in the mail
not really....just Debbie Allen's studio. Maybe I should RT...
This subject is fucking morbid.
guess you didn't like that dress that much after all!
Happy Easter!
Hey everyone :)
screw you!!!😒 hahaha. Jk. You coming with me Monday to support the blue boys ? 😊👍⚾
I may look sweet but don't fuckin underestimate me cuz I'll fuck u up no questions asked
December already?! Time sure flies when working with great clients!
This is some truth, here. -> RT I prefer anti-social media. via
Good idea. Thanks for the response!
See's candies -- now _that_ is a California tradition!
ricky thanks for coming to usc yesterday!! it was awesome meeting you. you're inspiring/awesome
Preparing taxes can be hard! Train in our Free Tax Preparation Program and volunteer to help families in need! To RSVP for the Volunteer...
Working tonight ?
Watching two dudes walk a motorcycle on a skateboard down the street.
Many thanks to our guests for being on the show tonight! Thanks for listening to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
trying to find another band for this Made Out of Babies/The Family Curse bill @ the Comet...Akimbo is out...Bloodhag?
Follow some of our contributes!
A drummer is a musician's best friend. (from a Martin Mull album)
Jammin out to some && in the car (:
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. :))
Welcome to who will present “The Greater Duty of the Public Health Professional in this Time of Crisis.”
im there
gonna need you to take down the 14th, so I can freeroll the rest of the series
where are you playing?
u dont like the pick?
teaching what? Teaching you how to dougie? DAMN RIGHTI DID
#IDidntTextYouBack because the msg failed to send & all that time i thought you didnt text me back!.
#THEREVIVALTOUR2012 coming to town featuring w/ and others on Thurs. 22nd @ 8pm yeah!
Signs of a dysfunctional organization: too much email, or no email at all.
me and my friends were just at PF Changs and saw you there so happy
Instagram pretty cool
The moment movies with aliens jumped the shark? When the writers of Battleship said "It's a game with an overt water setting? Add aliens"
Game 2, ready to go. Even if Beckett had his thumb checked out by two more specialists... who cares???? Go get 'em Josh!
congrats on your sobriety. Our mission for Newark school kids should be of interest. www.drugfreehomefoundation.org
Got called a communist at starbucks
because you haven't called me yet-.-
these men r. so nasty ..and half of em seen the show before and still fall for it
is reading Writing Your Journal Article in Twelve Weeks: A Gu... by Wendy Laura Belcher -
how did that work out for him?
It's my pleasure. I found out yesterday that "congruence" is also a word, though it sounds like it should not be.
Lakers came to play tonight.
Three dudes blasting slow jams in a 300C.
Happy Birthday to me!.... Thanks for celebrating with me :) , and , ,
Holy crap Len Schlesinger killed it at #rethinkmusic - totally inspiring! He made business make sense to me
I wish Subway delivered!
I want a relationship like in the country music videos
Yeah, but they are full of so many chemicals :(
Oh ! love it
Out of here for the weekend!!! Woo! Have a good one
Ahoy , thanks for serving up the fresh perspective on I hadn't considered your outlook on smaller rewards.
I hear that. I have been with him sober six years and still can 'feel' it when he or I are traveling.
RT : This for real niggas only I still bet with #Kobe ima real nigga
Not feelin this fake follower shit
BJ is running very effectively today..
KBPS.TV wow we are on the grow! Now is the time to join too be ready for syndication. KBPS.TV will do the work you broadcast. Peace King
Yep. That isn't Berry that's Inky ;)
Good Morning Tweeters
Can't wait for Bruce to take the stage!!
sorry! I fell asleep last night. I'm in high school. Hbu?
Coo! Thanks!
stone cold steve austin :P
If you need me, I'll be syncing my iPhone for the next hundred million years.
That girl Avi made her look trajic in the face
What time on May 14th does the Casino open to the public?
You went away, How dare you..? I miss you. They say I'll be okay. But I'm not going too, Ever get over you..!!
Hurt myself in the gym 2day but still had the energy to entertain an entire school with my box o tricks. I think a kid peed his pants!!!
Congrats Ted on Will use service for expansion platform for all things
Get me two pair, cuz I need two pair.
It's only 1pm and I'm already out of battery. Today is going by so slowly.
It really was. I thought the first period was outstanding. Pretty stoked for the Pens/Canucks matchup.
Breaking bread matters says general counsel #lcmo panel - spend time in person w in-house lawyers but talk substance
that is impressive! (and delicious-sounding.) I think i'm going to have to borrow your order next time!
go to bed
I feel like screaming
Money just changed everything I wonder how life without it would go.
Thanks for the RT !
RT : Is Brad Pitt filminig Troy again? he's rockin the longer hair but looks better than ever
I'm an official member of #TEAMSTAYINGIN....So far so good....Happy New Year!
because you're a bigger superstar than her.
Almost done with my coffee #np 'Never Forget You' Noisettes
-comes home, has homework to do- -ask parents if aloud on computer-
hit me up when u can..been getting some calls about jobs for you !!!
John Terry so totally deserved his trip to the showers. So long, #cfc, it was a nice run but it's sure to be over.
thanks. I'll have to look into that.
are you melting?
Coach is a tool
My boys have a new EP out on iTunes today! Almost the top downloaded album for today go get it now!
Everything hertz.
stay pun it.
Working with LA RASA today!
Feels so Good, Chuck Mangione. Hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving! Enjoy any leftovers!
You're very welcom, Lou! I hope all is well. Thank you for a #HireFriday All Star! Have a great weekend!
did you design that case?
I miss you Dieter.you skinny fuck.
Day off, hellz yeah.
Jeff Norris of NASA doing a really cool live Augmented Reality talk on the first Apollo mission.
PickUpLine: I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed cats NOW
Skeptics Day! "Do not let yourself be tainted with a barren skepticism."-Louis Pasteur. So, this is soo my day and my greatest fault. :) :(
RT “: me & my baby I can eat a peach for hours
That's actually what I've been doing, which has eaten into my Twitter time. Working on a new project. How are you?
Yes, #alamw12 exhibitor badge pickup is on one end of attendee reg.
Why must we have finals on the last week of school -_-
": Hey fans -- How many 2012 Monster Energy Supercross races are you attending?" Seattle in April!!!!
#AskObama Do you support the tax code as-is? If yes, why? If no, what type(s) of reform do you support?
Treat #socialmedia as an equal to other communications. Include it in the general communication strategy
#4famouswords lets get sum drinks!
Oh now you wanna say i still look good doe. Hm... Lol you didnt have to tell me that my dude, but dont try and kiss up to me now (:
Ha ha. no worries.
awe thank you rob!! :D
is that where they throw the ball at you
'Mayor Ballard smiled. "When he goes to the Hall of Fame, I'm pretty confident he'll be wearing that Colts uniform.”' --Sadly, he wont
ill be mine own saviour, standing on my own two feet.
Channel surfing last day coverage between ESPN - FSC right now is like taking Megan Fox for a date then waking up next to Rosie ODonnell.
#HappyHalloween everyone! Hope you all get some wonderful treats and goodies! Be safe!
Questions for Men: Does your partner get mad at you if you watch porn?
haha don't mind me, cousin...i'm a crab in the mornings. i didn't know you were on twitter! bitchin!
Thank you for sharing NYC Graffiti Snapshot!
i need a lot of tweets :) 98 more days till my birthdayy :)
im sorry, im not what you wanted. im sorry, sorry i let you down. i could use some poor excuse.
err, i don't know that i can talk to you anymore. not because you're watching, but because you haven't.
"where does the staten island ferry take you?" RT "This girl on fb said she's "riding the Staten Island Fairy."
If my blood was red .......wait......what.....my blood is blue n red n I'm a little white....it got me looking like the American flag.....ha
we need to do better with the ball, keep some possession, but don't be cute and build from back
How does one dress for the rapture- I am about to go shopping and would love some tips!
Congratulations to Amber S. who won the TV! Thank you to everyone who entered, you are the best fans ever!
Another amazing day in California.
#FF nails it every time!
Instead of complaining about what all you have to do today, how about you be Thankful you were even blessed to see it
Thanks for great lunch!
Any sort of music show on a network means total commercialism, which typcially translates to brainless crap.
Hey wanna help me with a survey in my math class?! If you do, i just need to ask you a few sports related ?'s! :) Thanks!xx
Answers appreciated ..."Do women journalists only want to write about 'women's issues'" VIDA : women in literary arts RT
like grindin' freak dancing ghetto?
Things are always different here. Winter storms are worse (though they aren't) bcse of ice; earthquakes because bldgs are weak
Busted. RT " So is this where everybody who isn't on Facebook is hiding???"
RT : "A moral lesson is better expressed in short sayings than in long discourse" ~ Johann Georg Zimmermann
thank you Winnie :)
What songs do you guys want us to put on youtube? Should we do a ustream? Should we do shout outs? Tell us what you think please!
I wouldn't mind a peek...
Welcome new followers:
I love it too! So many pretty tied up bows though. And things happened in one ep that should have taken 10! I'm nervous...
Happ New Year friends and supporters! Here's to new adventures in 2012.
“: Blu played whoop rico last night ^.^”
didU say redemption for Painter??? Who was he throwing it to??? He's terrible
“: Shit ima cook something im hungry” fed me im hungry 2 !! :D
Guess who remembered to hang on to their metro card in order to exit? Won't make that mistake thrice...
omg thanks!!!
Exxon IBM ATT: this is pitiful! Time to get the Masters tournament out of exclusionary Augusta Golf Club. Calendar says it's 2012, not 1912
Attention young voters!! Are you going to the polls in 2012? Why or why not? Call us: 866-578-0903 or email
is beyond fashionably late to this party! I do, however, need a twatter tutor...
updating my #Xenserver #xen home server running #nagios #mediawiki #cacti and some test Linux boxes
Judging same sex couples? Be careful the skeleton in YOUR closet may still have flesh on it!
Voting for and = a great way to start my day!
LA public transit isn't great but I do love jumping on the gold line after a day in Pasadena. I still miss LDN's tube system though!
She can save you money also
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” --Henry Ford
At Starbucks/REI waiting for film shoot & sales meeting!
well im out.
I wish we still had what we used to. </3
home from my williamsburg weekend adventure :) just cleaning and washing clothes all day....
We were meant to be beyond #gmailphonetwitterfail. I prefer you in 4D, the fourth dimension involving __________.
RT : Retweet this if you're sick and tired of the MSM pretending it's the Republicans who are 'extreme' in the debt debate.
dude he just called you rhianna. hell no hold my umbrella
I have lived some thirty years on this planet, and I yet to hear the first syllable of valuable or even earnest advice from my seniors
Counting down ....
Why does the #NBA have to love the stupid #Lakers so damn much. Screw you.
Looks like you beat me to your destination!
When I talk to you, the rest of the world disappears. ♥
Phil was right; you were unwatchable this morning. You owe Andy Card an apology; he barely got to say a word. sometimes, just STFU.
yup im complamenting everybody.. telling dem how i feel
Mr Boehner, no matter how hard you stare, you are not Lord Vader & u cannot choke the prez from across the room :)
Nigga you know ! they playing shit everywhere YOU go!
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist SHOULD'VE KNOWN BETTER- MONICA
“: Great question calling out people on campus only wearing because it's "cool." #prsms” - and it's cold! We live in WI
Somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed today!! And I make it my duty to deflect all their moodiness and ruin their day not mine!!! :)
Tell me it's strawberry! Those are the best!
& all the time while they talkin that shit they doing it. SMFH
#oscars after an amazing afternoon at the wild animal conservatory!
Awww.. Need a virtual hug.. RT I'm pissed off .
I come in peace, but I need y'all rockin with me. Please.
cinco de mayo eve ;) haha it's your birthday!!!
Rangers>>> back to back home runs!
got any must follows clipper bloggers for this series?
Just heard going in in some Katy Perry..yup its officially Friday lol
Can you believe it? There have been 410 reads of our press release about our auction today. Pitch Engine and Wendy92 you're the best!
See you soon then!
Stop telling me what to do your not my mother. And besides I don't even listen to her either.
Last day of our 60th Anniversary Open House. 1/2 off all garage sale/clearance items. Grillin kosher dogs - lunch is on us!
Hey luv, follow back? 
thanks for coming to tanger outlets. i just wish i could have saw you. maybe next time /:
thanks for that article. Perfect timing for the supermoon.
There's a good chance I'll be moving to Mo's McMansion in Belleville. I think just the foyer's bigger than my apartment
Our very own Patrick Gozur is trying stand up for the first time tonight at Hallenbrick Brewery (3817 Hawkins) 7pm FREE!
When is Jeff Bridges going to show up and lay the smack down?
$1 burgers..? what's not to love?!
Just reached their 200th tweet! That's a whole lot of cuteness :)
I would say 25 but that's just ridiculous!
. That was a great video - keep them coming!
I Am So
WAIT! I HAVE A GOOD ONE!
Bare jokes in the dungeon.
Smiling when I think of #Gods love man, our God is so good!
Spacious open interiors feature air conditioning, vertical blinds, dishwashers and large kitchens.
You're my hero/nemesis. Hadn't heard the Miranda Cosgrove song before. When did we become these people?
Thanks for following :-)
RT never give #Permanent feelings to a #temporarY Person
Plan a trip this weekend to one of Ohio's many Native American earthworks, like Serpent Mound or Fort Ancient.
at #ewr on my way to #mci for
About 10 minutes from home, and I am dead tired! BLAH!!!! 10.29.10 <3
Please see for stunningly beautiful & simply mystical lotus artwork. ~ Recommend ~
Visit a park on the lake & spend some time skipping stones together. Have fun and take in nature at the same time.
Pizza Rolls w. Hot Sauce & Ranch (:
I saw 95% of "Its a Wonderful Life", 'til Clarence fails to break through the depression. DVD failed before redemption.
are you implying youll have a future boyfriend?
Again, thanks. I "liked" it and will check it out when I've finished e-mails! Be well.
How is everyone today? :)
yess haha sorry I didn't reply I don't check twitter less someone is talkin to me or I wanna see what people ssay hahah
fair firm and consistent. good mantra Eden. Wish I had your classroom mgmt skills! Will try to get there...
I'm about to get a bunch of stitches on my shoulder blade. :l
That just made me laugh.
Hahaha I so called that nap spot first
Thanks for the follow Dagmar!
Tampa, St. Pete, downtown Orlando. Possibly downtown Miami.
The homeland occupied by Chumash peoples was 1st settled some 13,000 years ago. In 1542, about 20,000 people lived throughout the territory.
Congratulations on today's walk A great idea!
Need to sleep... but has yet to drop some goodies off at our house for a par-tay tomorrow.
lmao its a animal i think? lOl
If you ever have a chance, you should witness the #TuskegeeAirmen recalling their actual experiences!
Haha yeah, it's good. I've pushed off my related article a little bit for something more timely. :)
Passover in Israel. Had Pizza for dinner. That is all I could find on the menu. Real Bread pizza.
I don't even understand why I am crying.
Let's Go #Redsox!! Tied at 7 with bases loaded Do it!!!
Insomnia go visit where you belong -
I can't believe Danny flaked on us.
hi i love ur utube vids i seen u in the mall once please text me 336 422 2830
she has just done so AMAZING and she deserves to win!!!
Whitney's Service took us 2 church 2day!
I fully agree! Being able to romp around all summer without worrying too much about tight fitting clothes=happy. It wont take long
Belichick being interviewed now on NFL Channel sounding measured and smart. Haven't heard give so much info in interview. very cool.
I love you too hunz :-)
Surprising my Mammy in Nashville for a mother's day lunch is exactly what I need today.
#ViolaDavis is beautiful, stunning and fierce in her emerald gown gown and #naturalhair! Brava!
Knows that "this" is not by chance...
Having children makes you no more a parent then having a piano makes you a pianist.
I do lol. One day I will prove it ;) # just give it time lol. Don't start something you can't finish lol.
Thanks for the shout outs!
Y do we take them 4 granted because of there unwavering love.
pretty sure they'll deliver to your house.
sorry i don't tweet a lot, i'm too busy tumblin
lol RT : I suppose one might well wonder whether there are any non-nerdy Atlantic historians, it's true.
you start drunk texting & suddenly you miss him !
Definitely! Let me know when you're in town! I'll be in Vegas a couple days in January.
I always fall for people who would never catch me.
I've not played around much with dry rubs much, but I would like to. I love to do my roast in the crock pot!
Successful: feminism, Mormonism. Unsuccessful: Oneida community.
Had to sleep this evening b/c I work the midnight shift. Sadder I missed #thewalkingdead than the smugfest that is the oscars. Yay for DVR!
Never forget ur friends when ur in a relationship
And at my first PJ show, I only lasted in the crowd for 4 songs, I listened to the rest in the lobby. I was bruised from head to toe.
It's a new season....
I never know if it's there'd or there'll but I do know that that is my all time most ear worm-y ear worm.
Linda Mack is doing Oslund's PR on #Peavey..more than "an advocate for the plan"
When a teacher asks a question, and some kid yells out "dis dick!" >> Lol
Remember to reconcile each month's bank statement to QBO before u go to the next month
A big shout out to all my peeps, Good day ehh!!
now im very edgy on havin girls singing on a track , but i wouldnt mind doing it . She dope !! Great voice
More like 15-year-old, but yeah. Boy, that Taurus sure devalued quickly though.
this stuff has amazed me since I saw demo at Sandia National Labs about 10 years ago. Thanks for sharing the link.
U R welcome, we hope you enjoy it.
have you heard carrie underwood's new song? it's called good girl. it's great! ik you like country, so i thought i'd share ;)
Hey ;P
Check out the latest episode of with from "Quitters" talking about
You'd think there would be no way a deal between the Broncos and a former Colt could result in the #49ers screwing themselves. And yet...
didn't work
Words from my mother-in-law: "you can go to work smelling like that??" ...
had a great weekend just hanging out with the family and going brain dead for a bit.
New music new vibe, new style, its needed in the industry something different. Time now i think, its all to same same
People say I'm like fireworks in a thunderstorm. Granted, it's mainly that I like to scare the shit out of dogs.
Proud to have our ASPIRE program housed at the new center. Great partnership.
Make sure to check out new pics, More coming soon (: X
Heffa Don't Get Snatched Up Lol
I cant imagine the pronounciation of ur name
Look at out there killin
Maximizing shareholder profits can be very different than doing what is right for the community; the story of
happy to be completetly in > RT : 2012 #eisummit is completely sold out. walk-in reg. cannot be accommodated.
I miss being funny
I believe a lot of these #superstitions are African based. My grandmother and great grandmother NEVER lived in this country.
Don't they elect a socialist like every week?
Yeah, I don't like this either. Wd have been nice to have had more than one e-recs course available
thanks, I think I juxtaposed the hashtag.
Every day, without fail, my iPad/iPhone remind me I am nothing but a greasy pile of meat.
You have such amazing friends.
I don't know why all these fat bitches at my school think wearing a sundress is ok
Thanks for the interview man! It was good to meet up and chat. We appreciate the support
almost dinner time with the fam :) was a long weekend and feels good to be home
actually you hold the back button and push the home button to do it
follow me <3 i love your tweets (;
“: “Census report says that journalism majors on average make $50,000.”that's why median better than average.
Ohh shit, its already begun, who trying to do something big today ?
We think that's a great idea! ;)
Australia: Land of the Plainly Handsome People.
getting ready for Nikki, huh? ;)
Thank you for following Paige and I.Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt. Help families by donating
lol thnx buddy! Me and luis are gonna be jabbawockeez for halloween :) hahaha
I love your hair :)
Fuck you we are done for good you put me through hell !
24 days until Christmas! Stop by in #Brookhaven #ATL for some great gifts for your new arrival!
They always told me honesty was the best policy
What a good game.
I just got ousted as the Mayor of Meader's Point on Foursquare by some random snowmobiler....that's just sad. I will have my revenge!!!
So Fuck Your Ego !
Please follow me(; 4
Love means when you can't stand them around you for too long, but never want to be without them ever.
If you refer to the front porch as the living room,
The new iOS update is awesome. My iPhone has 48% battery left and it hasn't been on the charger since this morning.
Accident: Barrack's Road at Georgetown
So much housework to get done today... One of which was mowing the lawn. That's not going to happen. Should go to brunch instead. :)
Well, it's different with choral music. I'd be happy to discuss this with you! 914 582 3915
Adam's Birthday is today! Happy Birthday Adam!!
That moment when everyone keeps seeing your ex thing with his new girl and tells me how big of a down grade she is... Loll
who the fuck watches when is on.
I guess I'm the baddest nigga you ever dated then , I'm not going to change
I just want to go to sleep!!
uhmmm i was busy working on science olympiad stuff or i would've looked it up.
My nigga rocking his gold Roley! Im rocking mine!
Worth the wait!
Who says you can't be everything to everybody? Exhibits from American art to veterinary medicine, & all the letters in between, except z :-(
Come through
Do you like Publix Subs?
sounds good to me!
R.I.P Junior Seau. You made NE's defense fun to watch. One of my favorite Pats that I've had the honor of watching.
Hope you survived your flight home. It was great to see you this weekend!! Good times :)
I been doing well....
What's the difference between a wife and a job. After 5 years, the job still sucks.
Making playlist, any suggestions??
Is it over yet, can I open my eyes? Is this as hard as it gets?
End Piracy but SOPA is extremely broad the Online Protection and Enforcement of Digital Trade Act sounds more focused. Wikipedia
And the beat goes on! A.M
Ew. I feel so fat right now.
welcome home
thank you. I'm trying. :)
Baked cod tacos are served in flour tortillas with cheddar cheese, slaw, pico and chipotle mayo, once you try them you won't be able to stop
Well, it's no Ohio. Thankfully!
instead of promoting people who already have 10,000+ followers, why don't you help people who don't? LOLL
f you.
With matching earrings! Wonder Woman loves accessories...
man you gotta go teach your boys how to make some shots!!
MY MOM TOO! she talking about some she moving back to cali then saying she staying in ny i'm like bitch make up your mind
its kinda cool how your picture looks like it has a speaking box on the side. Looks like youre proclaiming things to twitter
Have you read a lot of things about iced coffee economics? I will not be surprised by your answer either way.
Don't know what to do.
If he says, "I'm not dating to date, I'm dating to marry".
sez: Repubs: "Fiscally responsible" is code for cutting taxes on rich people and gutting Social Security. Those are their goals...
Chad G. has silenced his critics, basking in the warmth of his 200 twitter followers.
you are the most amazing person in the world.ike in not getting that was great
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo wear a tube top when the back of your neck looks like a pack of hotdogs.
The Pirates are 17-18 and only 3 games out of the Wild Card spot....Not sure what that says about the NL
500 fans and counting...AWESOME!! Thank you everyone for your support :) ~Amber
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
POTUS or any man can't redefine " Holy Matrimony" lifestyles and choices should not determine equal rights!
I'm still on the ramp to get onto 275 from nku! So much fun! Thank god for iPhones!
What's worse, gingrich winning SC primary or the entire GOP field. Who needs vodka?
Ack! I think I may give up on this one. I love that shop tho! :)
this guy on the radio is awesome!!!
the "Lebron as enemy" phase is over. Our biggest enemy @ this point is ourselves, & the rest of the west.
Good afternoon ppl....
Do it RT : to bagel or not to bagel
Tackle box Part 3 - saltwater fly reels
Alan Galey: "Visualizing Variation in Premodern Books: The Case for Small Projects"
Pliny the Younger~ His only fault is that he has no fault.
I really haven't seen it. Plenty of non-PC small company behavior. No bros.
Exterminate! Exterminate! Exterminate!
Sometimes u think that's the worst thing u could've done but it was really for the best..
You can tell how Cheryl Miller laughed when Jermey Evans won the dunk contest, that it was the dumbiest idea to let the fans choose a winner
": There's a fine line between tan and looking liked you rolled around in Doritos." Sounds awfully familiar, self.
And yet you question my taste in shoes and shoe laces. ;-)
Even though kids relate differently to learning than their parents, place is still important.
� And that�s not because they have trained themselves not to say �I
MISS YOU GIRLS!! Hope it was a great meeting!!! :)) See ya Wednesday! HUGS!
and finally, two months later, I finally turned in my visa application.
hey coolio one.. Have a Merry Christmas !
lol too funny
Welcome ! Thanks for sharing!
Thank you! I have been slacking.
When you say again, how often is that? It might been postural issues?
that's what an iPad is for.
I'm worried about you. You don't seem to understand context in people's quotes.
happy you & others were not seriously hurt in the fire. Keeping all in prayer.
The weight of our burdens become much lighter with every new day because we become more resilient and stronger
thanks for the help!
April Fool's Day was only funny pre-Internet, when people came up with real pranks instead of sensationalist bs status updates.
I have the bestest friends ever!!
Finally finished Mass Effect 3. Yes, the endings do leave something desired, but I'm fine with them quite honestly. It's just a game people.
They make real good money.
tanglewood they have people blocking the sidewalk outside!
No nerves though, just excitement
Not quite the productive day I was hoping for...working hard on the house all weekend has left me lagging this week.
That would be rather bad if you forgot church tomorrow.
RT Just typed "better than hanging around the house rating bisexuals" to a friend. Thanks, autocorrect. Meant "eating biscuits"…
do u know anyone that wants a dog? I have two that showed up in my yard yesterday. No ID and they are big sweeties. Pitbull
Immediately after that tweet, I spilled hot tea on my lap. I think that's a sign.
#jhudczoo If the animals become depressed in captivity, does this affect the ability to assess cognitive capabilities?
I hate going to the doctors.
Fuse Wasabi Crispy Chicken with homemade mashers. 'Nuff said.
Why don't you just create your own channel? Anything worth watching seems to come from JBFILMS
Catherine Rylatt "was the risk worth it?" Stop hazardous working conditions for kids
Thanks! RT #ff love for the mentions
Coffee Sleeve Ads provides you "Product Placement" in Real Life...
Oh absolutely...So how long are you going to be off your feet?
funny bit, that list grew by 2x 3 minutes before the show...
can someone tell me why the #Vikings signed John Carlson when they have Kyle Rudolph? like, really?
Avalanche faces a must-win vs. Vancouver Canucks
ha ha. Good one! Buddy the crack whore!
Things me & my mom do late at night : Go to WalMart for no apparent reason xD
Why do people think it's socially acceptable to climb the FAU trees and study up there?
Happy Good Friday! Have a great weekend and Happy Easter!
Where is your event? No url in your bio...no place to find more info...
Interesting day.
love it
Listen this Sunday for Akash Kapur (BECOMING INDIA) talking to on
hahaha that's funny has fuck!!!!
