#isastc we are at our best when we do one thing for a sustained period of time
RT : I'm from Kennebunkport and have seven advanced degrees, for example! #bizballin'
Want to see avengers :/
i guess u cant trust no friends
Guys ! I have a serious problem ! I can't Follow anymore because I need more Followers ! PLZ Tell to your friends to Follow me !
Did somebody just refer to twenty twelve as funny, err, sorry, but it really isn't
sin city burger, but with a runny egg!
I got a new number if anyone need be sure ima inbox yall my number.
Love the safety
Being a Boston Sports fan, my heart is strong....
LOVED that you picked Hold On when you were on thebig1070. You must have seen Bridesmaids? By far the best part of the movie
ok when and where
Focusing my attention on Man City has made me miss another #Arsenal goal. I'm watching the wrong match.
Will you not revive us again, that your people may rejoice in you? Psalm 85:6
Haha me too.
Dateline: Casablanca. Taking well-earned break solo, poolside, guidebook to Ghana & icy drink at hand.
DFW's "Shipping Out" in #eng2500 today. "I have (very briefly) joined a conga line."
"I'm pumped about seeing on March 30th at the HOB Dallas- Get your Tix!"
Heading to The Canyon Club to watch my friends rock the house for a good cause! Yay! \m/ \m/
must be something in the air! So did my asos order!
The guys next to me are imitating girls, and it's SO funny
Love it. Actually, hate it. RT george08 Reverse brain drain == "academic protectionism"
I'm good, you??
i miss my old friends. like my old old friends. from like kindergarten. i miss them so much...can i cry or?
purchase a beat and record for free at a World Class studio, Dm for details
Only trailed once at half all yr RT Same 1st half for LSU as SEC title game. Will they come back in 2nd half like they have all year?
Some glasses are supposed to change how you take in the beer's aroma too.
Enjoying weekend? Good music, great lyrics, and a nice sound system can inspre you to be more creative with a higher degree of passion.
early #FF to my dear friend -- one of the smartest, most compassionate, funniest people I know. and soon she'll be a star.
Happy Winesday! What's in your glass?
#Moon Safari to be included in the #Women in the Heights show curated by Andrea Arroyo at PV March 8, 2012. 6-8pm
I hate not having a car. I wanna
Aye Lavonte David! Welcome!
you domestic goddess you.
So what's the deal? Lol. #please&thankyou!
lord, that's crappy 4 all but the cats and myself escaped w/ only jet lag...I think the volume of booze helped
Is he there?
gone head ..
Cheers for a wonderful 2012!!
I gotta see it to believe it..ya dig!!
What say you ? "One time I smashed my face into the keyboard and accidentally wrote the 4th Twilight book."
I'm seeking counseling now
I took the pledge. No texting while driving.
1 step closer to my dreams find the motivation to do it don't no wat I would do wit out him
Dear #Xfinity ads f-ing up ability to see #nflplayoffs game may or may not be your fault, but we'll blame you - so FIX THIS!
Are you a labeorphilist (a collector of beer bottles)?
I'll leave you paralyzed from my strokes/ I don't sing girl, but I'll make you hit them high notes - $G-money
yeah the American version is terrible! I have been a fan of the BBC version from the beginning !!
Willing myself into productivity but all I want is a nap. Slept about 11 hours last night. Fighting a bug? Just plain old decompression?
RT If we want loyalty, leaders must show that we're in this together. #smax #leadfromwithin #leadbiz Absolutely!!!
thanks for your sponsorship! safe travels!
Yay it's Friday one kid of to school one to go I'm going back to sleep so I can deal with them over the weekend haha I love em though 😃
The "Secret Circle" Is Getting God.
Just saw treats at UCSD Muir Woods Coffee House. Yum!
discount code: FEB2012
good luck on that PowerPoint today! :) you can do it!!
Aye, which one are you in your icon? (:
when you move what are you going to do with the posters on your room walls?!?! :o
so then if budget was approved at 28 million and change, why is there a deficit now?
i got this ice box where my heart used to be.
Don't try and trap me with your verbal karate. RT John Fox joins Vic and me Monday morning on 87.7 the Ticket.
Give up? Hold on? Damn it. Fuck You.
RT Skimming Beason's sub bill, looks like a combo of the worst of his prior bill and Hammon's bill. More analysis soon.
Thanks for the RT! We're excited for the show this weekend! :)
Sleeping on the floor is easier for me to know, NO monster under my bed! Can sleep tonight
Tell him girl RT : sorry i posted up the pic of us and almost got you caught up. . . NOT ! lying ass nigga.
So many birds!
: nah not yet i wouldnt go that far just yet
When life gives you keylimes, make pie!!!!!!!!!!
On behalf of Patty, Aiko tweets :Aiko was set to KITTAL by electric power.
thx. Sorry we missed you.
the raspberry chocolate chunk -- yummy!!!
Put me Down for Mayweather over Ortiz in a decision. 6 to 1 odds in favor of Money.
"I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure--which is: Try to please everybody."
I missed #Idol this wk, how'd my #Georgia boy #PhillipPhillips do? Is he final 2 material?
“: ready for a summer full of country concerts, daisy dukes, tequila and bessfrans ”
What is a zombilithias? Thoughts on relationship maps!
If I die tomorrow, please don't miss me. I would just feel guilty
My lifelong dream will be always be of peaceful sleep.
SWEAT RAG CHECK!
I'm on fire! Working on 3 paintings in one sitting...thank God 4 Creative Grace (that's me) lol
Sent the
and please, no "silly hats"
merry thanksgiving everybody time to forget about all the bad shit hit the kush and be happy
Sorry to read that you got stuck on the George Washington . . . at the wrong time.
is that you in pink not black w ? I say yes to more color for you! I love it!
Charlie Sheen's meltdown began 1 year ago today.
Headed to the enchanted coffee forest.
“I longed to know the world's name.” Robert Penn Warren
Do you approve of 's new background? I would hope so at least. I think might as well.
Missing Illyria already. What a special experience this was filled with lovely people.
Waiting for #DrWho season finale, then packing for London.
the .lady talked me into it
not when it's cold and on your stomach and some of it gets in your Navel
im going to have to steal it from u when youre done!
Relaxing for the 4th...
I swear the only artist I've been wanting to meet I just walked right up to told him his album was my favorite of last year
radioio servers are there
OK, off the Padres bandwagon
i still love watching this team. I think the fans of the buccos have made me more of a fan than the actual team. hah.
Thanks for another great night! You rock!
How can someone "draw a blank"?
Good weekend so far!!!
Need followers....Ani1 who is reading this tweet.....plz follow me n il follow back....
Dinner Amy’s Cheese Pizza Snacks, Poland Springs Water
send it along, I'll be glad to test it out
are you at work? I want to talk to you about something. where are you??????????
“: “: 3 more weeks then I can pole dance again 💃”-- u hurt or broke ur pussy??? Ks”//😂😂 no crazy
Always good to know my friend is speaking!
TONIGHT at 8! If you like modern #musicals with fun music and characters that make you laugh - you'll love our devilish show! 3234628460
The Lover is a merciless book.
You might be the most prolific tweeter ever!
There would be no great men if there were no little ones. -George Herbert
LOL. But the French love ya! JC.
I always lock my front door before I get in the shower 'cause if a killer broke in & heard me singing I'd be HUMILIATED.
in my treasure of incentives...wind up chattering 'teeth', japanese kimono paper dolls...we'll see if kids enjoy these
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME :D<3 #15!
I saw both of you in videos! Looks like you were having lots of fun. :)
Changing For The Better.
Where would be a good place to put a supermarket or retail store in Fairmount and Westside area in Newark, NJ?
Getting head on mount Everett would be pretty sweet. Himalayan hummer
Glad he got that rose #firstimpression 🌹
Has anyone seen Ryan Perry
Support local shelters in its mission 2 provide the resources and support necessary 2 build lifelong relationships between people and pets
I suck at driving. It is amazing I don't wreck every day. In fact, I am driving right now...
anyone want a Spotify invite??
pretty good. Interest rates dropping, buyers can get a great deal! All the homes The Miller Team had on the market r sold!
": The male spiny anteater has a 4-headed penis." Sweet! A 5-some!
them thieves couldn't unpack that tetris if they tried.
hahahaha he got all mad right now .-. Hahah I could only imagine... O.o
Thank you for the RT and mention!
Yesterday we were with Grandpa Kneeland when he took his last breath. He lived a long & full life & will be missed; may he rest in peace...
I 10000000000% agree
NO WAY!
Yesterday I was the loser mom that was an hour late from picking her kid up from practice.
Job interview at Hollister tomorrow!!
Soo many ppl say they can't stand me but when im gone they realize how much they miss me
thank u ma
Another morning editing session.
"Pirates vs ninjas, who wins?" MY DICK.
The awkward moment when you’re talking & you realize no one cares about what you’re saying."
Q and A time(:
that is awsome!! i love you!! Lots Of Love and Support <3 x
At the Port City Brewery tour, which counts as
yes that's a closer parallel. but, perhaps b/c a trailer isn't self-contained—it only has to tease—yields its perfection
This years theme: building communities, bridging continents is really what Rotary is all about- District Governor
they normally drive small cars, I know I do
I had some apple pie this afternoon, so my snacking is all done. LOL!
RT : thank you so much for supporting me today guys! ^.^ i ...
Say something baby...
Ha, that's funny! I'll imagine him as Goldilocks when he heats his food up tomorrow so I can smile instead of scream :)
Oh! Good idea!
love it.
So I dropped 4 pounds in 24 hours.... Thinking that isn't healthy.
final game in the Premier League season means just about everybody is rooting for 4 others teams so their teams could be on top haha
"Jack are you artistic?" "No, I'm not autistic..."
Im just done hearing about my ex bitches . I've never been so irritated
Your my bestfriend because i love you and you love me. We complete eachother, hoee !(:
i was driving to school when i read it so i couldn't really comment or else i'd probably crash...
At the 4th on Flagler. We love fireworks on the water
Hey, I'm doing well! Thanks for connecting. How have you been, Leslie? What's the scoop?
People lie about anything these days...
hi follow me more to come the best scissors period custom finished by me for true pros only peace out
When my iPod doesn't change during the night. God damn it.
ok pdx peoples. if you follow me, i'll follow you. so if i'm following you, maybe you could follow me too. hope you have a nice warm night.
Just wanted to tell ya how much I love and admire your music and the beautiful person that you are! <3
Update: Cupcakes were terrible, so we fed them to the garbage.
Remember, tailgaters: if your friends are too drunk to make it to the stadium, leave 'em outside.
Oh hey how's your night out?
i am
Central hella live and this ain't even the last day
Tinychat tonight maybe? (;
Thank God for
Lauren, it warms my heart to know that you, Demetri, and Lew are out there and available!
Thanks for the #FF love! Have a great weekend, Michael.
I'm not I'm a nerd
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, Life is but a DREAM.
Who were your sponsors?
catching up on Larry the Cable Guy
i dont know kendall... wtf whatever i guess call me when you wanna talk i guess im getting off her love you
so hungry. nothing to eat -___-
I have this feeling when i finally found the words to say But i can't tell you if you turn around and runaway
Going To Eat With The Fam!(: Might Be Dying My Haiir
Does that make me Kirk? I'm taking off my shirt now...
Its totally ok to quit your job so you have more time to draw, read and learn guitar, right?
is my new fren =]
Had a good lol just now
The first saw movie was so good...
It will never be the same anymore
The Quarter Pounder with Cheese Sandwich likes having a friend. Good thing Quarter Pounder with Cheese Sandwiches are Buy 1 Get 1 Free!
#ff Our jazz-supporting partner for the #NextGenJazz series!
my best friend lived in japan for like 2 years and didn't have enough time for beer and a bath so he just combined them LOL
I've not seen Thrive in person-Reading reviews-sounds like a good buy. Summer?! What summer? Definitely need to catch up.
I'm here. Just enjoying the movie. Had a great time. So much fun!
Who took your picture? It looks like a painting. You are a beauty.
I went overboard on making Packer jello shots last week. Come in and mention this post and you get 1 free Brunch time.
How long until they put in Rudy?
Parking ticket one minute before I got to my car.....efffffffff
u can thank me with an exotic bubble booty or two...or three
it's oozing a whole lot of awesome.
It's was hard to wake up this morning. Time to get my AM workout...
Wanna know how to lose weight? Get sick for 2 days from stomach problems and lose 5+ lbs.
Heading to NOVA Fire and Rescue Fest with #Shoutout to who will be keeping me awake! #Coffee!!
I have no kids, but i am a mother to my cat and he got me a perfume!!;)
You're a well oiled machine! Perhaps too much coffee? Too much coffee?! That's just silliness.
Contentious but civil advisory board meeting. Concept design recommended by staff passed 7-2, onto planning commission & city council.
Hello thank you so much for the follow.
THANK YOU FOR ALL THE PRAYERS &GOOD WISHES FOR CALEB IT MEANS SO MUCH TO US HUGS TO U
Barely the 3rd day of 2011 and already knocked out a lot of design and marketing projects! - MWWdesigns.com /// BoostYourFans.com
Congrats to you and !
So, is Wal-Mart still hiring? Guess my soul isn't crushed enough here.
My third day in a row sleeping in science 👍
lol the split ends part omg
seriously. RT Love this team.
Shoot what.
Np! I look forward for your future tweets!
This is the perfect place to look for Marijuana license - www.marijuana-license.com
Go Follow Her She Gives Shoutouts Nd Mentions Oh And Follow Me Back .
Nobody in the west is fuckin with them .
If you love me show me. !
Immigration&#39;s decline means it should stay out of election
I am now!
Will be wearing one of a kind clutch by MAROOKA at Cinequest. Will post pics later.
wish the weekend wasnt over :/
Holes before poles
#ImNotLooking at you....I'm looking through you......
Exactly! RT EZPass is already earning interest on our money. There should be no add'l fee
My mom and my aunt are gossiping about a certain person. EMBARACING!!! -____-"
Clients often think "I need to be on Social Media".. Our Job is to assist them in WHAT to be on social media, to their target
I like my beat fast, and my bass down low.<3
understood. Give a yell if you come down to visit - you can see my team's DAM if you're in town.
Madonas #goldenglobes hath runneth over & she must be studying the same Rosseta stone as Johnny Depp
Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day was kicked off a Southwest flight last night because his pants hung too low.
hahahaha okay I won't tweet abt #PLL anymore for your benefit ;) I love Ezra & Aria together!!
Tomorrow night (2/7)! 5pm to close, @ White Eagle - SunnyD Friends & Family Night w/ band! 50% sales benefit us!
Is this the best team in baseball history? I love u. PS- Playing A LOT of chess & want u to tweet me one tip a day, deal?
I asked, because I new a fella that was like that growing up, and he ended up being gay as an adult.
This! RT : #MLS officiating committee better fine New Englsng for diving and rescind that horrible yellow card.
Jamming @ Dad's.
One month from today! BLB returns!! Feb 26th @ the Gothic. I'm starting to get excited! #DENVER fans, mark your calendar! Him me up 4 tix RT
it was weird, like that scene in A Christmas Story when Ralphie meets Santa Clause. Because I'm awkward.
buzz, your girlfriend, woof!
looks like a good show, hope they have enough to write about! rt Is anyone else excited about ABC's new show Pan Am?
We discovered a big wooden playground in the park. Says : "They have a rope bridge!" then runs off.
that is correct :)
that's awesome I hope more people have the mentally you do great tweet
So...apparently doesn't take "everything" back. #denied ha ha
RT : Looking for an end-of-year tax writeoff? Have some clothes to donate? is the charity to give to (Please RT!)
Thibs, get him out of the fucking game.
great wknd in #Munich! will return sooner than later. now in #Brussels. cant wait 2 get 2 #USA 4 move 2 #uptown #charlotte w !!
Just returned 2 Cape Cod...just in time 4 hurricane Irene. Will b helping the folks prepare. Batteries, flashlights n snacks!
Halftime at the Roller Derby: Naptown Roller Girls-141, Dutchland Rollers-19.
installing dev software on Ubuntu...is it really this easy? wow
I can see your phone in your pocket ;)
On this evening, I promise my #lupie self I will never, ever teach another overload night class. I'm my worst enemy.
is a hater
Coughing up a lung
RT : Today in 1947, Jackie Robinson bunts for his 1st major league hit
When Troy tried to talk technical
#CoSign RT : Harolds and Head: 2 things I am never not in the mood for.
Backpacking plans sacked due to crummy weather. Instead Gonna spend the weekend Getting down to electronic music and breaking w/ nature
hey Wats up
All one needs is a roof over their head, food on the table and plenty of beer, acetone and razor blades. And stuff.
Good morning beautiful tweeple it's me Mason guest tweeting again had and interview with yesterday and had a blast
Was I the only one that felt tension when Coach Cal and that other coach from that other school were doin the interview?!
hey so Thursday will work. Where would you like to meet?
RT Lots of present and former #JOUR1550 students represented at #muawards!
Hey me three! RT : when i was younger i had a crush on the girl with three boobs from Total Recall
No. I agree with him - it is she who is shameful as well as the self-appointed socialist community organizer punk who nominated her
MT : State Street? More like State Swindle. RT : PHOTO bank has killed 4000+ US jobs...
whoa sorry to here that news
You like to think you are, anyway ;)
I see u got to meet Andreas yesterday
yeah it's free.
every punch i throw i land it
Tomorrow: July 23rd Red Bull King of the Rock Qualifier - Miami
Thanks! RT : Thanks for the follow! Have a beautiful weekend!!
The men of Writers & Books are working in the bookstore today listening to the Highway 61 Revisited Album. How's everyone's week been?
RT : Weiner should Charlie Sheen his way out of this.
Is #Thystlewicke the next #Hogwarts? Great series for readers of all ages.
My teacher might be cute but he's a complete dumbass.
The most hipstorific mofo ever just came into this waiting room
Can't wait for the playoffs starting Saturday! #TeamDazzy!
Oh when :O
Back at the dive.... damn the samiches are good.
Nashville is a great city
It is quite good. It made my day and my day hasn't really started yet.
.they help me drink more water so I don't get dehydrated.
Project X hands down one of the best movies ive seen in awhile got get the soundtrack ..i wish parties like that exist..
Winner announced in 2 mins.. doing the randomization now!!!
they should run Whitney right into Leno and call it "We're Not Even Trying Anymore".
Sackett St reading with our dear friend, Jenny Zhang (Dear Jenny, We Are All Find from Octopus Books) tonight at Book Court in Brooklyn. Ya!
2justinbieber just to let you know i will never support that TWISTED FAME WHORE of a girlfriend of yours :)
made me cry again tonight girl! You got this! #TEAMMELANIEAMARO get your votes in NOW
I'm not even mad. Oh, and she just had a baby....wow.
on wht yall looking for a singing group, me & my guy sang
My fave guilty pleasure is Taco Time's Mexi-Fries stuffed with cheddar cheese and jalapenos. Lord have mercy.
#IKnowThisOneGirl who lost her house, and ate till she got sick, and she ain't doin that well. Get help now, it's why we're here! (:
A friend of mine just came back to church today and I hope he keeps coming back
Is Churchill Downs closed tomorrow? Anyone? Anyone? 'D-O-O economics. Voodoo economics.'
I am very excited to be meeting for coffee with Richard Parks, son of Brian Wilson's collaborator, Van Dyke Parks. Lots to talk about! LOTS
I'm investigating a new company specializing in VoIP, ATA's, video conferencing and web hosting for small business.
Your booth is SO fabulous - and I love your eco-happiness!
Actually is 4, I rushed the first tweet: men's X-country 03, men's bball 04, men's indoor track 11, men's outdoor track 12
Things Target Field needs: rowdier fans, who don't clap *only* when the video board tells them to.
is looking forward to being sold at Mandela Marketplace this month.
BOOKED the role of DR BARB a Kookie TV REALITY SHOW SHRINK in THE LAST INTERVENTION a comedic feature about a Dominican family in crisis
Need to DEMONSTRATE examples of using linked data in libraries. BBC programs, NYT articles to Wikipedia non-lib exs
thanks boo(:
Yes. It's reasonably faithful, gives you 3rd person POV for a different perspective on the story.
I know you had an awesome time chic!!!
Adventures in idiot cycling mystery #1 - I did not touch the damn chain, I know it. Yet it is still tattooed on my leg again !
have u left yet?
He makes Charles Murray look like an oasis of sanity by comparison! >_<
hmm ..sounds like something I could make myself. when i eat out, i like to try things i cant do myself. did you try 'em?
Bad News in Downtown Seattle: Taxable retail sales have plunged, employment has declined, and many unsightly areas need to be revitalized.
If you do what you have always done, you will get what you have always gotten. ~Tony Robbins
working on #Girls,gunsandglory pictures!!! It was a great show!!!
GAHHHHHHHHHH miss you(;
Lol. That amazing not awkward moment when Jamie says he's gonna put on an 'inappropriate' song, and then he's dancing.
That run was well needed👌
Green tea and wire wrapping this morning! Still can't kick this irritating cold.
fill my house with animals, ok? not dogs though. I don't want a dog right now.
Tiger is stinking it up
I'm out to eat right now and me my mom just had the same fight over me getting the lamb hahahah
thanks and yes I am, and yes I have a cover coming out to, "Boyfriend" reall soon!
Dang tonight I had a ice cream sandwich!
Where does the money come from to fund #FishSecretSound?
Racks on racks on racks. Where my money at?
lol sometimes it most def does get interesting really late at night :P
When people start a sentence off with "is you", instead of "are you" makes me cringe 
yeah, let's go with that excuse
It was above average. Would have to do a little work to find exactly where, but it was good.
#GOPresponse what has gotten worse over the last three years? What America are you in? 22 months of job growth?
Novocaine on my face
na im in jersey my dude
So am I the only one trying to find && get a lol?
leave me alone pls
Got tiger woods PGA tour 13.!!!
You were talking so freaking loud hahaha
Everything from hurricanes to riots can be caused by PMS...
'cited to check out new interactive + digi fab artwork from students in 's classes today 5p
Just smile, give a hug, do an unexpected favor; any one of these could brighten some one's day.
Jesus lives and baptisms are taking place!
If you're a conservative AND opposed to gay marriage, you're also an idiot.
Good morning woodpecker pecking on the chimney. Yes, I'm up.
lol. the iconiac fanbase has been drama free for like a week.
Good morning! :)
awesome, i thought about going, but idk yet....got lots to do
Trying to decide which new clubs to add to the rental inventory in Scottsdale. R11/razr hawk/burner/VR?? So many choices!
Become a fan of positive music, go to this page and press become a fan today! Thanx for the support
Jones Island in the San Juans has miniature deer. You can hand feed 6 point bucks that are slightly larger than a big dog.
well, they won't come to Maine, but do you know about the Wild Card in Boston?
Off to the #capitalchallenge ! In dc. Benefits the !!
good enough is never enough. be the best you can be, every damn day
FINALLY have everything ready for tomorrow morning. Now a couple hours sleep. Got surprises for the Spartans on completion of their quest ;)
is you okay?
I think as im writing my first novel ,its looking alot like the next heavy metal whoa!!
I can honestly say I have never worked so hard for the A's I got this semester!!! Phew SUMMER BREAK!
Q-Stash better light a fire under some asses! Being out hit, hustled and killed in the dot! Shoot shoot shoot..need a dirty one!
Sometimes I can't help buh think
I don't want your Blazer tickets, but I would gladly take a slice of Stromboli off your hands!
": Sticking it out with #Capricorn because once they make it the view is golden"
Glad to hear Mariano Rivera say he's coming back next year. This was no way for one of the all-time greats of the game to go out.
Hey kiddo, happy Friday to you. Wish you were going to be here tomorrow night, but glasses will be raised to you in absentia
Every student gets a tutorial outline on internal site, captivate tutorials.
Rumsey collection is a great resource (and free!). Just started following Dan today!
Has anyone been to the #Gaultier exhibit in #Dallas? I'm debating...
Tired sitting in this eye doctors office. Boo.
Fox must be happy with high scoring man u Chelsea match..., raining goals
burn me a copy of the Anthony de mello CDs and I'll love you more forever!!! 👯❤
So true! RT : Only #slpeeps can appreciate the difficulty of the word "church"
Closed today from 3-5pm all NEW spring menus start TODAY !!
lol That's funny I've had the worst day until I came to your page and you made me laugh. See you in Canfield
Who knew??? RT Friday Fact: Bees can be green, blue, or red.
Philadelphia&#39;s Highly Anticipated Global Fusion Festival & Week Returns for Its 6th Year With &quot;Rhapsody&quot; Theme
Dang. So am I.
Cohen says: AAS needs to re-start publication of Proceedings of the AAS, core jrnl of early American print culture studies
Follow me I follow you back how does that sound to you ??????
Taco Bell in Edinboroooooooo with and
haha I party with Z all the time. Next weekend we're having a huge party and you're coming for sure.
Finished demoing up some new stuff for
My Life Has No Direction Without One Direction <3
Not broke. Just bent.
well leave then!
omgosh, you're like...famous?
and everything they wore looked thrown together and cheap, a lot of brown shirts and double-knits
Nicely done!
I facebooked you?/you already know why lol
This August's is amazing!
Dear #JetBlue - your free wifi at JFK reminds me why I keep flying you. Smart customer satisfaction step.
No Haru Sushi? :)
Praise you Jesus with all my heart
Would love to hear your music!
I feel certain that if we surround him with the right cast our POTUS will do just that.He can't do it alone.
someone who doesnt...
We are growing! Thank you. Visit us at www.hairlink.co
asked you out ! Please answer
Thank YOU so much for coming out and being with us for the opening of #rampitup! We're so glad to have had you as our guest!
: FYI :) RT : Celebrate #OpeningDay! Buy 1 cupcake, get 1 free when you wear hat or apparel on April 5
what time does the scavenger hunt happen?
One night stand vs steady Eddie message views to
Hey are you free to make 300 bucks from me or not lol.
These HONDA commercials are hilarious!
People who love themselves well, learn to love others well too. -Melody Beattie The Language of Letting Go
Awe that's so sweet :)
just have someone pee in ur eyes, it'll be cool. you can be ~~~internet famous~~~
what outdoor event are you going to this weekend?
I will have someone get in touch with you this afternoon
there's 32 of them??
I cant stand insecure men or women dont need a 4th daughter
Haapy birthday baby cakes
no doubt. Once again Big Props man. I hear people saying they are really feeling that song. I'll buy the album to support u.
I'm going to be re-tweeting tweets about bands playing #bamboozle ALL weekend. SO just be aware.
#MUSICREVIEWS Clare Free - Dust And Bones - Funky Moma
When defeat overtakes a person, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That is exactly what the most of men do.
By transit its a great day. By birth you're a fun happy lucky n lovely person. And attractive. Venus = physical beauty
What did everyone do this past weekend ?
I'm not a gambler. I'm doing it to pay for university. :') (And some other things, but we won't go there.)
nice! I trust your judgement and am definitely gonna get both of those when I finally get there
It's Wednesday and it's time to write.
Some choral composers deserving more exposure: Derek Healey, Richard Rice, Hayes Biggs, Brian Fennelly, Miguel Chuaqui, Sean Carson
LOL -- I think we got it
excited and honored to perform at Cleveland, Columbus and, Toledo pride this year! :-) #NOH8 excited to see and
at home..bored lol
My pick is going to be "I'll have another"
I'm allergic to haters. Side Affects: May cause me to slap a bitch.
2/1/1777->J Trumbull:I...wish it were in my power to procure the release of all our officers&soldiers who fall into the hands of our Enemies
Tip 3: Consolidate and organize your content. Project costs rise when your localization agency must take additional time to identify your...
Or a new job! lol
I do regular. Don't like the taste of diet. But I only have a couple cans/week.
you're just a filler in the space that happens 2 be free
And what was the librarian's response?
Smash's season finale was pretty dang good too. Hope Glee's is just as good..
I like my new job, but this was kinda a dumbass time to start it... :P
their trade is top 3 protected. If Nets get pick 1-3 they get to keep it.
I'm sure you could come up with something sweet!
Nice! Now don't say anything lame or stupid! :-)
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses. ~Joyce Brothers
Just installed my new ESP-SMT irrigation controller. Amazing, automatically adjusts my zone run times based on weather data.
Make your amends with old friends who left for some good reason. They might have learned new things to teach you.
I think LA/OC should have one random freeway closure a month just to keep things interesting.
I love Sandy. So funny!
you have no idea haha
what an idiot.
is so riddled with scammers it's sickening! I may need to abandon it entirely. Didn't have to be like that
and a superpower
Yeah I'm pretty sure we used to RP.
Fantastic...my cable went out, thanks Time Warner
Good just makein!
Love the tweon in your profile pic. RT : Finally changing my profile picture. Feedback welcome!
The nicest compliment a faculty board can pay to an editor like me is asking if my acquisitions represent an attempt at world domination.
we do & i really don't feel like going but i told amanda i was "/
Life is SWEET, enjoy it al...u could b in worst shape...
Wow! Can't believe how many paranormal investigators are on Twitter. Way to represent!
Y'all gonna tell me Durantula ain't clutch tho?
Back to reality.....
ah thanks.
Had a blast hanging out at Urth Caffe and then Happy Hour at McCormick & Schmicks in Beverly Hills yesterday... was so stuffed after though!
oh my god you are amazing :D I love the choreography you made for melanie and marko :D that routine made me cry!!
also, I'm proposing #baruchdh as our class hashtag :)
Collins looks to slow Bulls from start - ESPN (blog)
Win Avengers 3D ADVANCED screening passes with me right now on Kiss 97.3!!! (need songs on the countdown) #7 is "Take Care" Drake & Rihanna
forgot to wish you happy 21st.. knew it was your bday but I was caught up.. let's rage asap
me too
#sxsw Profetas from Columbia at the Radio Day Stage. Groovy, hip way to start the day.
Man if I can get one thing through anyone's head in this life...it's to love and to forgive. The basic principals of happiness.
You still with us or has your headache taken over?
The dreamers,
Are you obsessed with Jersey Shore???
try the bison steak at the HODO and get a stiff drink at the empire. Both downtown.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
:)! RT : "Top Chef" contestant joins us in-studio at 7:45 a.m. Chatting about her event today w/ !
Yes rain rain till we flood half the city thankfully im uphill lol
I should probably start a shitmymomtexts series. She's droppin gems on the reg. For instance, "What does C.R.E.A.M. mean? Is it a song?"
Did you mean: eternal second fiddle
a big booty sex machine ?
The bulls have no chance
Sad I will be missing the mentoring Summer Networking event, but happy I will be in Chicago for 2011.
“: what do you call someone who complains about other people posting pics of their food, then posts pics of their own food?”
Today was a good day;
im a WIHB!
Frustrated with the School of Dentistry. How hard is it to mail a letter? 😡😡😡
parking pass for Super Bowl XLI was $500 from ticket broker ($50 face value). At least the Colts won!
I kno it is storming in hartwell
If it's not a meaningful decision then that is one happy coincidence :)
what clubs hould i hit in houston
No, YOU"RE awesome! Happy #FF to you--have a great weekend!
I know your online -.- You can reply I'll call you tomorrow to see what we're doing.
Coffee is the only thing that keeps me going.
just picked up one of our courier devices to use in their upcoming commercial!
Kentucky Derby Tournament and Party - May 7th Call 608.776.3377 for more details or visit www.darlingtoncc.com
okay! I'm only hoping to spend like twenty bucks max tomorrow
I hate gettn my hair braided
I wish leap-day was actually an extra day, like, *between* Tuesday and Wednesday. That would be awesome.
Your going to hell omar. RT : ooh hah shame on me.
This. RT : If somebody would of told me Dallas would be down by 20 at home I wouldn't of believed it.
Welcome Slim Shady, I'm back, I'm back !
It is the essence of genius to make use of the simplest ideas. - Charles Peguy
ha u stupid!!
sigh (: take a picture for me!
If I lived in the south I think I would be obese. LA has no real food.
Kanye West resolves issues with "I Don't Like" producer Young Chop, Rick Ross gifts Meek Mill a Range Rover for his 25th
im going to a wedding :D
post it NOW. Please? :D <3
lol my nigga. Still hold up once i get the last contract imma let you know all the sites that will have it up.
U R very welcome... My wife is from Delafield... We live & work in No. VA in Washington DC metro area.
Not feeling to hot. Think I'll take a nap
"Me? What in my long history of frogs makes you think I can take care of a pigeon?"- Bart
My whole family woke up at 3 in the morning and me and my sis and bro told my momma happy mothers day :D hahaha at 3 am
Whoever put their fried chicken in the microwave, my bad #itwasdelicious m m now downtown bound
Blind man on Maury saying .......see the baby don't even look like me....
need an academic "twapper keeper"
considering the anmount of food you consume.. i wouldnt be suprised if you said everything.. <3<3 jk
Whenever Tebow has relationship issues it's likely to involve an unhealthy obsession with Red Light/Green Light
Guys are dumb as fuck!!!
: awww. So sweet! (Brush your teeth)
let's makes some "against the grain" graphics. Sign me up!
Mid-range budget for about a week. Traveling w/ 2 kids so looking for safe, family-friendly area/s. Thx!
You wanna call that penalty, you call it against Boyle too. That hand pass out of play they miss didn't help. End rant. On to game 5
This celo song before the game got me week
hey how u been long time no see
yeah is such a talented vocalist with amazing range. Can't wait for him to drop another mixtape and/or album
Sorry if i'm mean, I just like to keep it real.
You're a slut :) RT : Watching Drake and Josh and Josh is a big slut.
every class i go to i gotta have candy
"That's what a point guard does!!!!! "
Follow us I think we can work together. Let's share more info: All info and store at www.lovecrunch.org
Where there is no vision, the people perish. ~Proverbs 29:18
#occupyamazon RT : Our new motto for 2012? Anywhere but Amazon. ANYWHERE!
Our singer, Ben Stewart has started a personal twitter, please take a min and add him.
Much respect to the veterans who served. Thank You!
Range Rover Evoque Special Edition Designed With Victoria Beckham Makes Global Debut In Beijing, China
Shutter Island was awesome. Definitely a lot different that I expected, but it was Scorsese doing some of his better work.
we're stoked to work with you...
yay... im being kidnapped tonite i cant wait !!
Flights booked for #pearsoncite. Looking forward to the next round of design partner discussions around
Braves better pull it together
Angels standing strong on their last leg!
": There needs to be a show called "deported" it's kinda like being punk'd, but you really get deported. #superpena"
you should start collecting Star Wars sketch cards so we can trade
could you please follow me Austin.?? <3 :)
Still remembering my little girl !
what is the process for the non-Alvarado claims?
planning my travel plans for CMA fest this summer. pooping my pants. so.excited. you have no idea.
Baseball snacks for the team seems appropriate today., don't you think?
Glad we could help.
hahahahaha oh god i can only imagine what that thing sounds like! have fun in DC :)
True happiness when you find a channel that just plays music ALL DAY LONG!!:D Channel 93 (Comcast)
I drove all the way to Tampa to drive all the way back last night!
What does that make the East? ;-) #TeeingUpAOneLinerForYou :-) #GOBIG :-)
Got to pick up the nephews today .. thank God for video games its a better world with them.. wish I lived in one .. lol
I almost ran down the stars where they filmed by the mystic grill!(:
I love Beautiful scenery in the world.
: I had steak medium rare of course ! Yum!
aha really idek i just like the way it looks(:
Nice day recording acoustic guitar. Thanks to the great #FreddyKoella for letting me use his 1950 Gibson J45!
CRAP! Jethawks go down 1-2-3 in B6. Barring a T7 bullpen implosion, Springer is not going to get an opportunity for 5th HR in a row today...
RT : The cast is taking over TODAY! Make sure u tune in at 6pm EST/3pm PST!
"The distance from this sentence to your eye is my sculpture." ~ Ken Friedman, Fluxus Score 1971
You know full well how dangerous one pesky Eli Manning is against teams that rock the reg season.
Dick Clark has died. student Justin Mozer interned twice at his production company. Badgers are always learning
Don't know if I'm excited or nervous ?
I moved back to KY end of 09 when my company went belly-up
awww dont worry! Love you too! I've been so busy lately! I saw Ariana in concert on the 28th :)
Hewwo der Mr Spaulding, how are you?
Been looking at our stats lately and get the impression that you all like our pictures - have you seen our video testimonials?
I got a prob. with deleting ppls # 's when they piss me off.....
absolutely! Thank you. Tell me how do we start!
cooking an elaborate meal that will taste delicious to everyone but me.
Omg My Bestfriend Got Big <<
By the way, what's up with that photo from the 1800s?
which airline alliance will they be in? I wonder if I can use my old usair miles to fly AA- the only direct flt to Charlottesville
just been breathing shit air in Indiana!
we two great guys trying to kickstart it. they may need some words of advice. but def. ur always welcome to join in the fun
this is more than the typical kinda thing.
but I've never met or seen her so I don't know what she looks likes lol
Lovely drive to work this morning ... dappled sunlight through buds, unfurling leaves, and an explosion of spring blossoms!
I'll alert the paramedics
She want that pretty flacko
And I don't remember the last time I saw Meat Joy :)
I had an awesome day on the golf course in Nashville at an tournament
Girls who tell guys about their poor shower habits are immediately unfuckable (sunday-thursday)
Murley birthday to
I've always been a huge fan. He's REAL, which is a very hard fucking quality to find nowadays.
Awee!♥ Mark F. You looked so happy up there with The Beach Boys!!:)
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 11
A Packers win is like morning coffee. Your turn Crew.
It is embarrassing isn't it? It's horrifying enough to hide from for a lifetime.
Now's the time to switch off trolls like you. Bye bye bigot
“: im down man! When and where?!” whenever dude ;)
morning good morning
those 10 gallon blue water jugs are about $5 or so....worthwhile investment
i am seriously going to cry on the last day of school. I am going to miss u guys so much! I love you<3
No problem ;) Check out my band Hopes High if you haven't already! www.myspace.com/hopeshighrock
I'm jealous of how white &pretty teeth are! Love you ali!
RT That's the Problem with you Dumb Young Ppl #
Q8: Photo resolution is to share them more w/friends & fam, and not keep them for myself!
Still waiting for the day unhinges her jaw and devours whole
#HOY-EHH I salute all of you fallers and hoyehh-ers out there.
tomorrow and I will check-
fa real my gee,i still wanna finish da album...VENOMOUS SLANGS!!!
check DMs so we can chat
I got excited for a minute - I thought it was an actual cave. BookPeople in Austin has one. A crawl space for kids.
#10favouritebands 1.black veil brides- 2.motionless in white-3.falling in reverse- 4.sleeping with sirens-5.dead sara- 6.three days grace-
~Vegas this weekend~Yay~
lost my best guy friend. just randomly he texts me that he doesnt want to be friends.
I recognize you from writing nice things about Re: Tom Gabel story, tho, you sound very sheltered. Why flaunt it?
I'm about to do a massive unfollowing to the unfollowers.. laterz
I'm trying to looking for a place to get it pulled now
you and me both!!!! It's going to happen 12 lbs by May
Of course! Offending and entire group of "you people" in 140 characters or less is quite impressive.
My mom posting on FaceBook about buying local, LGBT rights, and other progressive causes.
Um, that was last night.
RT Landing in Dallas home sweet home. > when are u coming home for good?
back at you! Hope you get a BEST mom ever today ;) u too
Depends what you mean. Drop us an email with exactly what you'd like and we can discuss.
I don't fancy you, I'm just being nice..
Best of luck to today, who will be taking UCLA by storm!
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
I think Justin Bieber needs to see a hairdresser that specializes in men and not lesbians.
I really didn't tell her but *shrugs*
funny story, I actually ended up at a karaoke bar by accident tonight. How was yours?
Hoping our grant comes thru this Fall to help begin building digital citizenship in SE US schools. More later.
...WHAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER THE SOUND OF MY CONFUSION
So far so good I guess. Doc said to keep losing weight and stay on the vitamins.
If you need me, take a four lane, headed my way. Take a bus, take a plane. Take a car, take a train.<3
i love your name hahah :)
TAKE ME HOME TONIGHT I DON'T WANNA LET YOU GO TIL YOU SEE THE LIGHT
The moment I heard playing on AGT , I jumped up and down and danced<33333332
Ya know it's all fun and games and for show but anytime you make my 4 year old lil boy cry well that's bullshit
Because you didn't buy us tickets!
Utah Announcer "Im not sure what VC is doin there." Fun Fact: NO ONE IS! He is CURSED!
- Thank for your your retweets. We appreciate it
how have we never seen each other before??
We'll be seeking out upcoming #developers & #programmers at 's job fair today & Thursday - check us out if you're GREAT.
I feel some type of way since you didn't tell me you miss me too though. Lol
haha get up and get ready, let's go and sneak into the insane asylum in Valencia lol
And I hate when people aren't thankful. It makes me feel like they don't deserve what God gave them.
This is a cute little restaurant. ^-^
yumm! RT : How are you showing your Valentine, you care? We are showing ours with a 3 course Surf & Turf dinner :)
Glorioso's will do that to you - every time.
multicultural segments are going at a faster rate via
will be on friday from 5-8pm est signing autographs for fans.
Close out this year in style! Come enjoy a #gourmet dinner at Citrus. named Chef Jeffery Balfour one of the Best Local Chefs.
I am fully optimistic the #Brewers will contend all year, but I don't hate you if you don't.
#np p.diddy - i need a girl part 2
- The boss always sez it's good to have different tweets for different folks.
awesome pics, Scott. That was a treat.
so who is enjoying this beautiful weather? get outside and soak up the sun!
“: Thanks. Also, ewww RT : your music has been the only thing i've allowed to enter my ear holes lately” hahah funny
i love you but the spurs are gonna win :)
Oh noes the city workers are here to fix the water pump and I haz to get ready for work!!
happy birthday !
Non-Easter celebrating Kickballers: our league bar is keeping you thirsty ones well tended! (drinks only, kitchen closed)
...he caught 82 passes for 1200 YDS with slop throwing to him.
lol yeah and i ddnt get on twitter for a while cuz I moved and I didn't have a computer or any wifi so I couldn't get on
agree you could say they SHOULD have beat the Pats.
At Digital Death Day at the Computer History Museum.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten
Are books different than e-books? Should we think of them as similar objects?
If I stab someone for constantly sniffling in the library can I claim justifiable homicide?
Not all who wanders is lost...
More news soon! Spring is coming and we are about to reopen!!!!!
Ayers: "Long-form scholarship has not been replicated on the Web except for ordering books on Amazon."
i like to think of as the John Travolta of the music industry.
On the way to Freddy T's at Pickwick for a 9:30 show. A 2 hour trip from Memphis.
Muffins ": I'm craving something....can you guess what it is??? #johnputsomebutteronit"
How the hell do you blow a save and get the win?!
Another hilarious Direct TV ad!! Don't wake up in a roadside ditch..Get #direct tv....lol!!
heading to FB to find you now! :)
first of all I said hip hop so where are you getting all these other non hip hop names from? Once again I said 25 not 5.
William Howard Taft served as Chief Justice from 1921-1930.
If you're trying to get rid of it I'll happily add it to my pile! I actually didn't cut a huge quantity, as my car was full of people
I haven't roleplayed in such a while.
Very sad train station goodbye this morning to my friend Jen, who is off to Ireland for a bit before working the London Olympics.
I drove from Woodland Hills to Santa Monica today through Topanga Canyon and then on the PCH
Mike breen you are a Knicks commentator. Don't forget that
I do! RT : Anyone know exactly where rack city is?
Counting down the hours until I get to pick up my sister at the airport.
thank you so much...that's great of you guys to say!
OK #zager that's all i can do
I don't have morning classes tomorrow because of testing oh well thank god.
Sublime, you never get old. ;)
Man people go get quotes online just to get Retweets. Really? Like make up your own , damnn.
this is the part where i punch them in the face! right?
commute this morning so awful it's actually funny: left late; bus broke down; traffic lights out; construction traffic. Total time 2.5 hours
Stellar weekend. Met the fellas in the Season Five booth. NIce stuff. Wish those guys big success.
"If rape is so wrong then, why did God make men stronger than women?” yeah uh not fucking funny??... Don't joke.
DON'T TAG HIM NAUGHTY BOA!;D and bby I can let you feel the breeze(; cum 2 meh
You need me bitch
Heading out soon for tour of physical archive in Richmond; tomorrow is West in SF. I like my job :-)
I'm favoriting these tweets for future parenting tips, LOL. RT : Also, keeping them off porno sites.
thanks ash!
Oh neighborhood missionaries, you are the literal worst. Listen. We all got the memo on who Jesus is, go help rebuild a village somewhere.
you're welcome
Fewer Republicans voted in Iowa caucus than voted last year in Orange County general election. Imagine if they spent $20 mil in Orange alone
Hearing my grandma cry on the phone <<<<<<<<<
Aw, I hope people don't go after him!
Sorry For. Your Loss Bro Keep your Head an Ur Aim high Bro. Bless
Did you call the number on the sign? #ACHD want to hear from you!
thanks Jen. I miss you.
this is my times 2 one for one direction and the other for Justin bieber ..yess I'm that cool haha ! Love this btw 👍👍
Been feeling kinda out of it lately. Playin Edgefest tomorrow in Storm Lake, Iowa. stoked
so cute!
I'm pretty sure I'm a baller yo!
If you really think about it all relationships end badly....best case scenario you stay together til one of you dies
definitely gotta be
Nah, I'm here. RT : #TeamHeat is nonexistant on my tl right now...
Great photos from ! Any chance the brussels sprouts will make it into member boxes this week?
Kenny, you don't even believe in God.
Want to see future of Facebook's mobile ad revenue? Just read Pandora's recent SEC filings for a sneak peak of what's to come.
Never go for the obvious kill
I've never met you... I just love your energy. Thank you for reminding us about what is truly important.
Github has the coolest 404 page I've ever seen.
#NowPlaying ' Forever & A Day ' by I love this song. <3
Companies are not investing, markets plummet , S&P downgrades US. No trust in US economic leadership & #debt ceiling crisis showed why.
Jimmy protested.
I'm real I thought I told ya...
Lord knows I love my privacy.
Wow! My grandfather was Max Lubotsky. I think he was Charlotte's cousin. I remember meeting her at a family reunion when I was 5
right, no dough. No insurance right now, actually, which scares me.
Let us know! Lets see what we can make happen.
if I come.
Monday Feb. 6: Professor Skip Battaglia will be leading a discussion of “The Artist” + “Car Crash Opera” after 6:50 film Tix $5.00
don't forget your recycling tomorrow :)
people at work always makes me feel better:)
u can't be talking about me. I'm stating facts lol
Coulston is a top 10 guy for me this week, go with him
RT : gave us a private tour and private Q&A which rocked, because they rock! Thanks guys!
Getting ready to go on to talk about #TBI and the recent shooting of 16 Afghan civilians.
the message my bae just sent me >>> #myfreakkk ;)
Unless you have changed your mind from your initial impression, you won't get flamed by all, especially me.
where is Jim Ross? Booker T is horrible!!!
What mobile marketing are you using in your business? How is it working for you?
traded CC for J Johnson, Lincecum, and Balfour. Already have Darvish, Greinke, Lee and Felix but needed Saves. Wise trade?
nice interview in Downbeat
What it do pimpin'?
I saw that! has beautiful visuals. Have you come across any others that you like?
im jk love you
Met w/Mike Gifford of On Behalf of a Grateful Nation. Super excited about opening!
Thanks for the invite, but our site helps people learn about the stock market by investing fake money in virtual portfolios.
I just would like to stop & give a s/o to all you bumpy chin bitches,looking like you shave more then me ol hairy ass beasts
: my most frequent deletions are when i post…& *then* notice accidental, glaring misspelling or type-o.
BigChilln with my daddy and my lil sister......BOL WE OVER HEA EATING NOODLES FAH BREAKFAST
thank you very much. were trying to get more likes. :) Xo
Yeah do you like it?
Does this civil war dude look like Johnny Depp or is it just me?
Ague help me trend #WeLoveCody and #MyDirectionIsOneDirection ?!?!
Great work on Starla. Superb storytelling.
Hey, usually you say IT'S FRIDAY! : Well its friday
stop arguing with dumb people. You never win.
that kid is cute just sayingg
best new artist...Hot Chelle Rae has been a band for a while now (2005) #AMAs2011 one hit song doesn't mean somesones new but more noticed
Ugghhh!! This girl always wanna act like a big drama queen! Smh I hope she stays there!
S even C rappy H ours O f O ur L ives
Will finish David Mitchell's Number9Dream by the end of the day, and I'll probably jump to Patchett's Bel Canto Hooray for #FridayReads !!!
It's a good thing I'm getting new tires right now, because it's snowing
I'm so tired & its only after 9.
i have gomez fever i'm a girl sis!
Thanks to for saving me from Greek yogurt today.
"Genius is one percent Inspiration and Ninety-Nine percent Perspiration" --Thomas A. Edison
Hoping we get some more submissions for issue two soon! Issue one is out at the end of the month!
Thanks for the mention!
It ends around 7 when hysteria turns into simmering resentment.
wait, what happened with Sam?!?
Congrats to Mike Harmon, Alejandro Herrera & Shane Vanderson (3 FL players) in the FL pro draw last year! Hope to see you again this year!!
Sproles & Brees Highlights making my morning.
Getting that tingle in your nose to sneeze but can't <<<<<<<
"She was in here yesterday," says one produce guy to the other about the lady shopping in the bikini.
I read Stephen King as a teen. Talking about "lines" is silly as long as adult fiction covers the topics supposedly beyond reach
- Don't mess with the 4-0 SuperBowl bound Detroit Lions! Hear and Fear the Roar of the Boys in Honolulu Blue!
Congrats on the Playoff Win Tonight!
Investments are starting to come in! We are not offering equity to just anyone but if there is a reason you think we should consider contact
Good morning! Hope it's a good one for you, too!
wanna tweet me and make my life?
Have women recovered from seeing The Rock back in WWE action?
one of the main reasons I still have my blackberry.......
What can be better than hanging out with you child on a Sat. & watching a movie on the couch.
Cannot believe real life.
You're very welcome!
Total value of services given out at the clinic ~ $60,496!
ISU Center helps foster and adopted children
My new El Sistema program in Philly has launched! www.PlayOnPhilly.org - www.facebook.com/PlayOnPhilly -
Old Doctor Who and new Doctor Who really are two completely different shows.
Um, lets hope that wouldn't be anyone's kid
Thanks ! Artists and engineers have good design in common. :-)
Mrs. Stiger hates us!!
Thank you. I'll try those
agree. rt ": Juliet should win just based on this group performance of 'With A Little Help From My Friends.' #TheVoice"
I could of swore there was a Twitter person standing right next to me today.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
Hope you've thought up an airtight excuse to leave work tomorrow afternoon.
You all need to give Coach O'Brien a chance. Expectations were falsely raised by bogus, anonymous tweets. #Penn State
People these days lol
Boy Meets World fan?
im doing great happy that my steelers going to the super bowl
"Suds" series....I like it!
CA Supreme Court sets argument in Brinker for 11/8/11. Meal breaks -- made available or forced to take?
Would I need to have it loaded too to get it?
Im young & wild & free. BITCH.
But watch them jump on the bandwagon when his songs start playing on the radio. I'm gonna need to get these tickets soon
In regards to my last tweet, that's not totally true. I spent a good 5 hours out near some mountain getting shitfaced. That was a highlight.
Huge customer opportunity for Palestinian IT sector -300m Arabs and increasing need for tech since Arab Spring - Kaufmann
SO... Jelena really broke up? Find out this Sunday at the Billboard's. lol srsly.
JB seems to be less suggestive than the members of the Wanted and One Direction, which is part of the reason I think more highly of him.
"He who has so little knowledge of human nature as to seek happiness by changing anything but his own disposition will waste his life in fru
Daughter leaves for Tennesse in two weeks-will not return until July 1st-should I just go to Florida? What to do????
People get ideas all the time. The only difference between writers and other people is we notice when we're doing it. -- Neil Gaiman
today it's sunny here!
which one???
awww, shucks! same here! :D
Will NOT let the afternoon get away from me for next #femlead: on opportunities for grad students. 5/8 2pm EST.
If Los Angeles is like an aquarium where you see pretty fishes, New York is like a petting zoo where you have to battle tigers. It's amazing
Tomorrow leads in worship!
well im getting tired .
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake – you can’t learn anything from being perfect.
I'm not saying everyone'll like Nets' new logo & branding scheme, but public opinion of Marlins new logo changed drastically over time.
God brings men into deep waters, not to drown them, but to cleanse them. John Aughey
Why would I want a cold arepa. That's just gross.
hehe. Love how you are so cheeky. It's a list quality
Then come get me!
Yeah, it's one you have to start early but I can't start it quite that early, lol. Gotta go have dinner and stuff.
Lmfao. Blake and Adam's bromance.
it's internal bruising
Finally getting Iphone 2moro. Nervous! This crackberry has been a part of my life for a decade can you make time 4 me 2moro?
#3WordsForYou You got chocolate?
how many times am i going to forget to switch to my work Twitter account before I post something? anyway...
It’s understandable if you have a one-track mind when watching PornHub or RedTube. At that point, your focus is solely sexual, so w
haha when you find ppl who get u, its all <3, she aint my girl or nothin but we click on the vision!
Fashion Week is just around a week, Get your Headshots, Zed Cards, or Comp Cards printed at NYC Printing 123. Get your Agency's attention...
I just peed my pants laughing at ' Super Bowl commercial!!
- thx! we're pretty excited about it!
Just pulled down mysqlCLi. Any opinions out there?
#FF love cool cats
I just got a pic of a guinea pig in a sombrero in a FB post. Because it's Friday. I think I missed a memo.
Notes from Chef Reba! Leftover pumpkins post Halloween? Toast those pumpkin seeds for a healthful snack for your child's lunchbox! (or...
loved the "shut up" comment...can you spell group boycott? Um um
trouble is NOT the sign to look for of being in God's will. Just ask Jesus. BTW, ya'll coming to NYC in a few weeks?
eating an organic banana. there's a bug in it.
Tomorrow try our Chicken Alfredo... Yummy :) Our Kale Salad will knock your socks off too...try it with our Mediterranean Albacore Tuna
yoooo! You check out the tracks of the thumb drive yet? Thanks man
haha its hilarious!
No margaritas?
Seen you on Damon's show.(: Follow back? :D
:) RT : In 11 weeks, I'll run in the same number of miles I ran this week in one day. Don't sing it, bring it.
Upside to my 14 hour day was that all 3 meals were catered. Rare (in the nonprofit world) but almost made it worthwhile. Extra tasty!
I was just looking at that the other day... Can't believe they used that as a pull quote! Haha.
I find that recently I haven't had the heart for much political vitriol spewing. Maybe I'm finally growing up.
no prob for the RT! Been following your excellent tweets, keep it up!
Who has been to Cioffis in Lilburn? Pretty good pizza!
and I have been playing around on the website. I have 621 #swagbucks and I just opened my account on 7/13/11!
Gotta love the Maryland girls! ;)
Jason Fugate is the coolest dude ever & if you've never talked to him b4, you should
No one said it would be easy... but c'mon I just want some ketchup!
sure thing ;)
This is a calling to arms. We cannot face all these decisions.
if follows and retweets ill get his Limited Edition Dimeadozen Collab Tee-Shirt Heather Grey Colorway ♥(:
What would win in a fight, a ninja or a pirate?
Cool. Where did you do the tasting & what will you do with the seaweed?
thanks, guys!!!
oh okay! o_0!
great appearance on the ready for #AGT on Monday
… Then I'm going to call and ask to be taken off your mailing list, just to save a tree.
Better? As it stands today, no (IMO). With L-ville,UCONN,Gtown,Nova still there it will be Top 3 Conference every yr.
Not really. Just glance at the paper. Root for the pennant. Am disappointed most years.
Soren, is there a good email address to contact you at about having you write for the site?
So who goes first in the #NBA draft - Waiters, Melo, or Joseph? Which teams and slots do they go in? What say you, #Syracuse fans?
Agreed! A interesting way to illustrate the near constant lack of privacy, though.
I think I am going to favorite that tweet so I can have it on record.
LIVE podcast tonight! 9:30pm! Steel City Improv Theater! , , and Dan Jenniches! 5 dollars, Prizes, Swearing
lol we going to have fun
awesome. I need to come work where you are :)
ha hey I ain't judgin bro do whatcha do!
Why is Soul not called BAM? + why are you letting your new album be marketed on iTunes under "jazz" if it is so wrong?
cool. i'm hoping Jessica is still covering my 5:45 class. would be nice to be done at 3 tomorrow
Hopefully in just a few months. We are fucking stoked to hit the midwest.
I can't, its my time of the month.
tracking guitars and vocals... busy busy day :-)
Romney declines to take a stand on Rubio's DREAM Act - CBS News
To busy In the south visiting with my peeps
Off work !!! Finally
i hate being woken up, damn it😖
nothing now I'm okay wyd?
Can't wait to see you get it done next year! RT : Pretty good game! It would have been a hell of a lot better if I were in it
That deal comin' soon.
very fucking hoes I hate them ugh kick them sluts ass ugh
Spirit airlines is the WORST. Avoid! Also, sorry. :(
I just got a couple of 24 oz Genesee Ice? for $1.50 each @ North Station liquors in #Boston. The #beer taste like panther piss:(
1,700 followers! that's a great way to start the new semester! (that's right classes @ Peabody start this Tuesday!)
just saw your message. No booth this year. Hopefully in the future. Wish we could have met up though. Maybe next time.
well I am collecting them in the future they might be wroth something like alot of money :)
I heard the "I <3 Music Festival" was super good. Wish I could've gone..
Gay sports bar for now
RT : Damn Michael Wilbon just roasted Roddy << Listen to the messenger Roddy, cause that will be you in 20 yrs.
i am nooottt!
getting more and more submissions for from iraq & afghan war veterans who rap ... this is why hip-hop is a great american artform
well stayed up to wish him a happy birthday, time for me to get to bed.
Abed, she's a program. - Britta People have said similar things about me. - Abed
can we get a pic of the #dc120 alumni? And have you had a plaza burger yet?
Loved your focus on the heart and soul of the heartland & especially students, families and thank you for sharing enthusiasm
hrm...what to do after my Fulbright for an income until January...
my sister duh 😉
LOLO at "Royal Treatment". Creeper innuendo vibes meets The Diceman.
Hip Hop is Energy
Happy Mothers day <3
ohss okay and what?
Sounds like a good plan to us, have fun :)
TWO MORE WEEKS TWO MORE WEEKS!
brown eyes are pretty(:
i gotta go to dance. ill talk to you laterr!
juju i love u so much more than anything and ori i love u more than anything. Juju~ 0ri~
I repeat, Ducks throwing big punches in this title fight. Ducks drive, 1 play 54 yards. 8 SECONDS. 21-21. Wow
ha ha people make me mad though.
For sure! Email us at RT“: no problem fam! hopefully we can work together soon!”
itchin' by Future
Leftover Chicken Recipes Experienced cooks are adept at not wasting food. But once you learn a few tricks, you can put those leftovers to
Thanks, David! Enjoy the game.
Had a great lunch w/ at Harbor House #Brioche Bun
#Royals & #SportingKC are both in #Chicago this weekend for a series against the White Sox & a match against the Fire.
What is it about that woman? Does she have beer flavored nipples?
On the redline
There's Always a. First. Time! !!
Its cold af outside!
Traffic jam in front of Hinkley High. Officials have closed the school because of a power outage. Lights not working in front of the school.
Snow on October 29th is NOT ok
Visiting researcher, Lupton African-American Cookbooks, and the eternal "What is Soul Food" question.
RT " Money can't buy my love, but apparently it can buy a School Board election. I am the 99% as are my students."
I can't believe i'm finally going to see jimmy eat world!!!
Let's get this weekend started :D
thanks sis. I will keep it under control...maybe! Love ya.
Hahaha LETS GO RT where you at man the #Bulls are on.
“: #loitersquad lol” They was tripping on there bro. Super hilarious they gave some N's a show like jack ass. Lol They On!
whoa...seriously, i think we just had a twitter mind-meld.
Twitter, please get Reince Preibus out of my neighborhood. I wouldn't follow him if he was shitting gold bars.
Boots to Asses! Boots to Asses! Good Luck
How do you throw a party in space? You planet.
Am officially at a new point in my life. I now own a mini-van, live in the suburbs and am falling asleep early on a Saturday night.
Have an awesome day!
I'm not totally thrilled with the new Shins album. Not as good as the last album or Broken Bells. I'll give few more listens.
Always knew you were #bornfornyc! Congratulations!
Twice in the 7 year history of the reading series we've had to change a date. This is one of those times. Mark calendars: 2/12 & 4/29 FINAL
my twitter has been messing up. It keeps saying I'm not following people.
shiiiiiitttttttt. im gonna hit 10k tweets within the hour. now...who's gonna get it. *thinks*.
You're the only guy I know whose idea of a nightmare involves being talked to by a woman in a low-cut shirt.
she's doing it but complains everyday. Her being able to open an attachment to an email was a big accomplishment lol.
In search of Baltimore Hon wigs (5 of them)... any leads??? :)
Exactly! Not a total winner, but there are moments with merit.
Thanks for following and sharing here on Twitter.
any john lennon fans out there?
The first sign of maturity is the discovery that the volume knob also turns to the left
Huge accident on I-5 southbound near I-90 in Seattle. Traffic is a mess.
welcome to Texas : )
Love this! RT : I hate when its dark and my brain is like "Hey you know what we haven't thought of in a while?" Monsters. :|
Foggy Bottom then take the free shuttle from the metro!
RT "The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives." - Louise Hay
We had a great evening here with the parents from Hamilton Elementary School.They watched Dave roast and then did a cupping of the coffee.
It'll still be there when you have free time!
Should I or should I not ?
I got to get out of school early today 
T3.1: PMS - #myth The entire genitals = vagina #myth The monthly withdrawal on Birth control is your actual period.
Happy Thanksgiving! From, Todd Stache
aww thank u soo much babe,u also soo sweet ;)
Wow Kei in a tie? After the week you guys have had I'd be dressed in PJs or sweats. :)
Happy belated born day triple o.g.
nice. I got the iPhone 4! Your right it's so awesome!
Damn Bro, you ok??
I'm off to watch and learn how to do high res CT scanning. We'll be scanning my little acacia tree rat skulls this morning. Fun times! \
Yep--> RT : You know you're CALLED BY GOD to do something when you enjoy even the dull & mundane parts.
You're always welcome!
I hate the follow limit :(
Eating Pizza 😃
18 days son!
#BELIEBERSGOHARD we absolutely LOVE & will always be by his side no matter what! <3
#quotes Anybody who thinks money will make you happy, hasn't got money.
That's 2 less dollar menu burgers I will not be having ... lol!!!!
lol that's better
Wherever my boys and goes , i'm proud of them and love to death bro
Lol. Yeah Wall's throw was bad
no diggity, no doubt ch'all
Looks like an awesome project!
hey! we are playing @ The 710 Beach Club next wednesday. check the flyer for the info!
AW<3 I hope so. That's honestly all I want. Meeting him is my biggest dream.
Thank you for your recommendation! We're thrilled!
Robs party tonight in wrigleyville. So pumped.
Awwwh :c No More Gym .
Hahahaha, you here?
Metra seems to think that people won't have dressed for the weather and will appreciate being blasted with heat on the train. Incorrect.
Easiest way to improve your business is by advertising how many outlets are available.
A big thanks to the "Yeah, but" session participants! Great contributions, conversation & reflection.
Tip of the day: comfort is correlated with numbers.
I'm surprised the game is this close the way MIA is playing. They HAVE to make open 3s to win w/o Bosh. Period.
Thought it was office of Prez you respected. If its only holder of the office, then we can diss Obama all we want.
So #andthewinnerisnot is trending, haha its always Harry Styles . (:
hope all is well with your sister and mom
watching house hunters international: Iceland! Thought of y'all.
linear instr. results from rationalization of instruction - turning typical into universal
They go tot the Whitehouse friday
Nice of the #Brewers to find another way to wet the bed - injuries or not, these guys just can't play good baseball right now.
Great idea. I will try to join you tonight.
