Why do people post your handle on twtr and link it to a spammy site? Seriously - aren't we past that now?
Plus, you don't "learn" AACR2, you learn to *apply* it. WTF indeed.
guess who loves you:)
ha ha. Nope we're old. :)
I was there! I hope you are having so much fun. Check out the John Lennon memorial wall if you can, so eclectic!
Back to December</3
And I wish I dreamt more.
concert for the second session of our high school composers workshop starts in 10 minutes. Look forward to hearing the music!
Why does someone who runs marathons make a good student? Because education pays off in the long run!
listener response chart is a good idea horribly executed -even the basic concept of clear display has been ignored.
NEW WEBSITE!!! www.laurasaggers.com
with her now!
HILARIOUS!! Been toying with the notion of putting our 7 song EP on iTunes and then giving proceeds to
RT : I know dead hooker jokes are hack, but goddamn... Dead hooker jokes are funny. (Yes they are!)
Independet Artists across the USA choose Musicalstop.com as their one stop shop for marketing materials!!!!!!!!
This really hits home. I was just bumpin Paul's Boutique the other day which is my 2nd favorite album by them
YES! Mermaid Parade=delicious.
Watching my fav girl on GCB
thought you would like that, linguist junkie ;-)
(In 2008, the pope's longtime private secretary revealed that the pontiff was slightly wounded in the assault.)
Just as an FYI, police confirmed her name is Marguerite Mary. She may have chosen to use a different name at the church.
setting my alarm for my morning jog.
thanks for spreading the word!
you never played me in draw something :( it says you have to many games ...
she has me in love haha. She's gorgeous.
should be on the new season of
RT : A #Leo may be the brightest most confident person in the room but they can be humble as well.// YEUP
Tonight: 6:30p Where: Come & get It - God has something for You!!
If dragons were real, I'd like to order dragon wings instead of buffalo wings.
The way I looked at it, an 11 mile recovery run takes the same amount of time as a sprint tri does for me.
It's official! 900 people "like" our Facebook page! Spread the good news about CRJ and encourage your friends and family to "like" our page!
If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you are strong enough to get up.
'The hungrier you are, the harder you work'. Well call us sharks cuz we stay on the prowl..
right next 2 u
the entire house smells like zhou......when is it going to be done?
"If you poke the bear, your head might be a bowling ball someday" -Jack Edwards ...c'mon #Bruins!!!
RT : "What does HOME mean to you? How do the forces of technology & globalization affect your idea of "home"?"
“RT : #TeachTwitter is today at 2pm PST! Today's subject: #FF manners & nuances, as well as other stuff. You should join in!
#LTBroadcasts "A 17 year old girl from Tennessee has become the first girl player to ever get a contract in organized baseball" (3/26/31)
Allison couldn't find her pen. To put those at the edge of their seats, it was in her hair
wtf is pottermore and why is it so popular
“: Those who are heartless, once cared too much.”
Money From Strangers is the best show
And even though Karen has no obvious theatre training, she's better than a drag queen? Maybe? Thoughts?
he was maaaddd
And you wonder why i dont do anything outside the house!
Hope your day has been wonder filled!
Are providences like states?
Indiana monsoon!
Me too!
I miss Tesco hummus
Bigger pitching feat 2day: Weaver no-hits Twins or Suppan 5 shutout IP vs. Brewers? I'm leaning towards Suppan!
Boo. Don't go to bed. Listen to Brains by Lower Dens first. Also, hi.
Idle Torque: Obsession drives street names
Rubbing my hooves together...perrrrfeeeeect...
Any song requests? Send them in!
tired of chasing sunspots on the floor. moved 2 the deck & letting the sun work me over.
I'm falling more and more in love with Gwynnie's dress.
Listening to The Dambuilders "Encendedor" and Jawbox "For Your Own Special Sweetheart" to get ready for practice!
Hope is able to balance public engagement with the kind of significant editorial vision of previous board. I'll be reading!
My dog loves to sleep on my MacBook battery. Intelligent little heat source finder.
How did I not realize I wasn't following you until today!
sounds like a purse-onal problem.
damn thats crazy
Skins once more
If it wasn't for rule-breakers there would be less business innovation, economic progress, and social justice.
All presents that Santa brought are made in China. How come ?
That's her deli sandwich name.
The field trip was bomb! Got home at 6, took a shower and slept for 3hours. Still so tired. Back to bed, goodnight^.<
Happy Gluten-Free Sunday! What's everyone up to today??
Been working on Hemme preproduction all day with getting super excited!
Thanks for the RTs, , , , and And thanks for the shout-outs, and
Thanks for the opportunity! Congrats on another killer issue!
good tools
demo-ing prepackaged Google searches that do *Filter by Reading Level*
Heading out for my workout.
I been on doz. Lake & Forest is like behind the fairgrounds. The entrance is only a few minutes outside of Brownstown.
thanks for the follow back
What is the best dessert place in ABQ?
In returning and rest you shall be saved; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength. Is 30:15 via RT
Thx for chking on me, Christy :). Everything's fine. We had some ppl over so I hvn't been online much. So how are you?
you have also done a lot for others. Even indirectly. :-)
Next project: more tattoos. To quote social network "We need to expand."
" I want to dance around it.. ready?" "Oh my fucking god!" I just love and his weirdness <3
Great! Turned the big 3-4 in July. Going to New Orleans in a couple of weeks. Urs?
First trip to #Brooklyn tmrw... What should we check out?
CHARDON, Ohio (AP) - A prosecutor says the 17-year-old suspect in a fatal Ohio school shooting didn't know his victims and chose them...
From all of GOkickball Columbus, our sincere condolences go out to friends and family of
RT Doing it tonight at The Falls 226 W Bitters for 2 Dollar Tuesdays.. With and let's do this!
Believe it folks Lin is the real deal.
don't ask me to bend over! I will not do it. Well, unless you ask nicely!
Come on People What #JohnEdwards did - How can a Jury NOT convict him. I cant believe he fooled so many people. Hope he gets a lot of time.
need to shave or least trim pubs
Oh, Im Sorry :'( I Wanted To Share :-)
haha gotcha. I was a little worried that I was missing something!
will Noah and I see you tonight at Sophia's 4 the Extreme Moms meeting?
u really expect BB to follow orders?
“: I'm too on right now !!!!!!” Rachel turn the TV off and get back to bed haha
never seen it either
He won me a bear, he put my necklace on for me, we had a double date for 2 hours. But nothing happened :/
Also, her father was a federal judge in San Francisco - not quite "nowhere." #brucewayne not
Superbowl Sunday! who you thinks going to win?
Yahoo eating sloppy joes in drinking beer How did you get any better than this
Tim, thank you so much for the kind words! It was a pleasure serving you and your party...see you again soon!
CONTEST >> Tweet at us w/ a pic of BkSq shopping, enjoying a special event, etc w/ hashtag #BkSq NOW-Friday to enter to win gift cards!
I'm never drinking again. Ever
RT : Check out my interview with #KISSpdx creator at What to expect from KISSpdx 2010....
will be available late this week free online.
Getting back to playing some poker!!
#slaleads is hashtag for Leadership Summit in St Louis
not conceited...just the truth! Lol
Miss you too doll! Don't know when I'll be home, I'll be in Europe for spring break!
My mom is weeing like the progressive pig -_-
It is National Pet Day. "Until one has loved an animal, a part of one's soul remains unawakened."---Anatole France. Have a GREAT Wed! :)
haha, I do. But really let's get that coffee soon!
Coo' RT : Shutout to 'cause I love her.
Make that 31 seconds...
"Some Nights" by Fun.
Goodnight everyone Lots of love
He played a role in getting them where they were to be in a position to even make the playoffs. Sad part about the business side
what you ment
Color management...
i think it's time for a little happy hour with the incredibly handsome ! :)
its good have to try eggplant one you would like it.
“: Lol bandeaus. Domain of those with no chesticles.” exactly this, I love them haha
Well that oughtta shut some people up.
Ha! We can't win.
RT : If you could just stick to something....
greatest day? Ha. Funny. I was at that game. Auvray had a hell of a game that day. Winning the championship was a better day!
Ugh! Just fed up! Heard it all before!
Got a job at the bob Evans in Plainfield!!! 😊
: thanks for the follow :)
Counting to 10 for a bit.
I'm all in! Looking forward to it!
YES! Another pair of pants ripped. Have I really gained that much weight? What's the deal?!
Just watched all of the videos on and YouTube channel, <3
RT : RT : Fuck the past... Make love to the future!
"How could a nigga kill a real nigga like rich porter then become a bad bladder cause he cant hold water"..............
Just repeatedly texted "5" to 22444 :D
Everyone gets out of school in a week.. And I go BACK on June4th.. #Summer #SummerSchool #NoisyHouseSoon 😒😡☺💔🏫🔫💣
nope now shuyt your lips and go to sleep!
What's wrong man?
Do not wait until you lose something to appreciate it fully, or you will have regrets.
I dnt want a piece...part...or half...i need the whole "You"
YES! And #WiPeople exposed #ALEC too ! A HUGE DEAL for Americans to know about.
the usual monday awesomeness #THEBANGARANG !!! 1/2 price everything with djs and ... !!!
Or 8th today.
its a tragic day when all phone numbers are lost. and the weather seems to agree with me. oh well showering then down to eastside!
This is how I felt about Twilight. Thank u for your opinion of 50SOG. I will be skipping it ;)
My biggest pet peeve now a days.... Immaturity in a serious conversation.
Happy Thursday!
EVERYONE PLEASEE!! go follow <3 thanks (y)
enjoins you to "put that RAM in your bamboo crack pipe and smoke it".
see i tol u i got 2 much goin on i dont even remember that lol
Not Lisa Turtle!
LMAO!!!! I'm sorry #Bestie, it will never happen again:-) You already know, that noone can ever replace you!
Honesty Is An Expensive Gift Don't Expect It From Cheap People
listenin to becca play line runner >>>>>
WHO WHO. im an owl
I had a gr8 time there RT:“: I met you at #FlaglerCOM Week and visiting Washington DC this weekend. Watching NBC News 4 live!”
because it's in Germany mule, thanks for the reminder tho.
Ok so you know better...But you still gon do it Really? , i thought we were beyond that..--
Absolutely not
don't even be like that lol
you gone on be on my mind 60% of the time <3
fun night!
No, I have not forgotten the weekly LOVIEE this week. I'm just horribly behind schedule... It'll be up within the hour.
I love writing music
Sunday has 2 be the 1 day where I'm actually on all of my social networks bein social 😉 lol
Thanks for the follow :)
5 more days.
Come Try Our New Selections.
It's not too late to RSVP for our Info Session tomorrow night! Come and hear about how you can make a difference. Visit us at casabalt.org.
I just read my co-worker a response I did for a question asked in an online course I am taking & she said, "You even write with twang." LOL!
Can anyone give me the adress of Austin that I can send him a letter and some present?! #help 😳
That awkward moment when you're in the backseat while your cousin makes out with her boyfriend right next to you.
Played our last concert with Cat last night. She will be greatly missed. That girl knows how to smack the drums!
What? You break my heart, both of you.
Guild wars 2 preorders are starting April tenth?! Oh sweet Jesus!!
hes just jealous that u have more followers than him at the moment.. fredo betta step up ur game dude .
but of course !! and I will be there so I can totally help you out with the dance moves :-)
My mini-vacation starts in 45 minutes! HOORAY! Florida bound!
I missed my dads while they were away - I wonder where they went. But they are home now which makes me happy!!!
i hate bull shit...
Just drove past the Ectomobile on 71. Fully decorated and decked out. Day made.
#TwSIG Private lists are ones you can see but others can't see that it is there. You don't have to follow someone to put them on a list.
Awesome i love JAPAN. .i want to go there so bad!
do you ever have one of those amazing gym days where you feel like Superman? that's me today! Rawr! :)
our moments of validation are different and typically happen on the street, amongst the people, and in our own circles...
What's good Eazy?
thanks mac! you have a book in the works?
"Able" in my ears and passed out on the second leg drive to Minneapolis
Watch out girl, you stank hoe
Warped tour is only 3 months away :D
20% of mom's use their cell phones while doing the dirty.
You won me a free app &drink? How sweet :) ha RT : winner #12. please dm full name so we can get you all set up.thx
night :) *hugs*
I LOVE YOU, I do..
. U consider THIS a big game? I'm thinking more like, the playoffs if he gets there. Nice win, but...
sorry but Niallers dont let other Niallers hurt themselves
Vietnamese Student Association's Lunar New Year tickets are on sale for $5. The show is this Saturday, get your tickets before prices go up
Was at the macmachine and the lady in front of me forgot 20$ knowing me I gave it back
YOGA PANTS!!!!!
Jury duty. Hopefully I can get some work done while I'm here.
Someone's skype is broke lmao.
We want every artist to understand their strengths and weaknesses!
RT : It is apparently a near fire-able offense in the newsroom not to know who Donna Summer is.
Indians may have lost but Atleast the Lakers will lose today too.
that is awesome!!!
GM- working w teachers today :)!
I didn't mind the rain on my face this morning. The workout was with it.
that was terrible!
Very nice! Looks really good. Your players are very fortunate and should count their blessings with a great facility.
we met around xmas in ur shop and chatted about SCAA. Do you recall? Headed there tomorrow.
I knew from the get go she was no good.
I am settling in for the night and starting to crank on some tshirt designs.
Long as your living.. You have a chance.. real
remember that time when Niall Horan told m- yeah me either.
Ryan is a little too busy to answer his tweets right now. RT : Good work watching your game in class!
Welp yeah lowkey that's what i wanted you to do. :) so its a deal???
“The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size.” Einstein
#10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Her verse in Monster.
Karmin is really good.
I feel like a little kid. I just went to Finnegans and bought a handful of cheap little plastic animals. They are now grazing on my desk.
good times- JELLYFISH!!
Thanks, Woody!
follow this
Got bumped up t:o business class! ATL BOUND!!!!!!!
darwin, i'm going to introduce you to alain.
College Admissions Counselors can benefit from having a closing strategy to use with their students.
I won't be back downtown til later this afternoon. Northside appointments all morning. Think I could be back before 2:00.
So excited to see tonight!
Church clothes hittin
OMGosh I haven't done a chat in ages! Looking forward to it! Whoo-hoo!
“: Send my condolonces to the ppl in #japan right now!” via fedex?
nah i have to say a star from above cuz that's wat u r and u can probably get urself out of trouble too(:
Took a nap missed the heat game, looked at twitter and apparently the Knicks were ok until dwade and lebron said let's end this shit
follow back so I can respond to your message
I am a Superstar today
RT : Support our Beneficiary, the Breast Cancer Resource Center at their amazing Art Bra Event, this Saturday May 19th! http…
thank you for sharing =) I had somehow missed that on facebook.
Asking me questions I have no idea what the answer is, and you know I don't <<<<<
no post or dashes allowed in our new terms! Nor slashes!
A car full of boys! Yikes!- emma
Winnings got a price to pay If you wanna reach the top pushing hard night and day, you'll be running til ur heart stops.
i dont know you
"Finding Books and Articles" workshop sponsored by INLP: Tue., Feb. 7, 11-12, Zimmerman 254. All are welcome!
thanks, Sara :)
I'd say you're a half inch taller than me!
I'm bored & hungry
Occupy the manger?
Opportunity dances with those who are ready on the dance floor. H. Jackson Brown Jr.
and 2011 just began “: Eye opening to see the massive events that occurred in 2010 that affected the meetings industry.
RT -Thanks so much for continuing to support independent music everybody! Have a great week coming. RT
Worst game of Wade's career. Fall seven times, stand up eight. Believe in you, friend.
it's a plan. I'll let you know. Nice avatar BTW.
I just had 4 test in one day! Gosh I hate test. I better pass all of those.
Developing the content of multimedia exhibit: the reason behind creating it is important. How does it relate to overall exhibit?
Everyone is an #artist...then they go to school.
Slept early n now up early..feels kinda weird! Vanilla Dutch n Kush made it feel more normal though,lol! I see a nap in my future! FaSho! ;)
You are so fucking rude!!!
my mom just made me food and i took one look at it and threw up. I hope she wasnt offended loll
OMG so cute congratulations :D
Thanks for the RT !
please do!
cannot wait to meet july 14th, 2013 :)
Crazy episode of #MadMen tonight.
Awesome! Congrats! Let's meet and talk soon!
haha not this time, I'm in the other cafe in the other science building. But there are weird paintings here too!
WOW! Tonight's Republican presidential debate was quite lively. Can the next debate take place on the moon? Let's leave the candidates there
i know.
no! I want to so bad though!!! Grr
I love it there. One of my favorite places in this area.
yes! poor poor me.
very nice Barbi! Spring always best here ...& biz cycle ramping up nicely as well. How's things in T town?
in about 20 days mate!
That's a great comparison. And more apropos considering the game was played in Budi's HS gym.
Happy cinco de mayo!!!!!
These storms are just growing they are not really moving..
where were you when my walls came falling down?
word imma wear your shit to death man gotta represent
An 84% direct mail response rate? Really! I'm happy to tell you how we did it. Just zap me.
Let's do it!
“: Vulnerability of indigenous tribes in Brazil - Tribesman living in the amazon are continuously under threat.
Lobbyists: we r a $3 billion+ industry in Bmore but this is going to cost us $10 million/yr. hm
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but religiously follows the new.
"Children embody what is best in life. They live in the present moment. They are part of its exquisite bloom..." by Myla and Jon Kabat-Zinn
let me know when it's a good time for me to kidnap you
Car shopping for the ex. Then girlie night of dinner and a movie with Rachel Crosetto. :)
Carrie! It has been a while! How's Las Vegas? Are you coming up to Washington any time soon?
I was told from you're great to follow!!!
This has been a great game to watch. A lot of TX high school and college talent playing in this one.
If someone actually has a crush on me i want them to tell me.. Not hide it! :/ no one probably does
Just dance, gonna be okay.
All I ask is that today goes by quickly, well...the rest of the week too.
This girl said "oh my" as I walked by ..now she's staring and snickering at two obviously gay dudes ..i should grab their ass as I walk out
Friend us on Facebook! We have albums of our T-shirts and Stickers, so check them out!!
We've been waiting for Ron Artest to show up... Go to work tonite
Holy crap! Lebrons a little pansy.
Charles words are like daggers Im sobbing..
I just shaved my legs 3 hours ago and there already growing back!
To lead people, walk beside them � As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence
Sometimes, all these crazy drivers :P
I rather u text me than me texting u. Cuz hunny... U be txting slow
Good question
now is the time the #Ravens need to smack the #Patriots in the mouth
"Holy shit guys, he's killing our troops with a knife, I guess we'll...let him steal that horse."
hello mark! We were wondering if we could set up an interview with you, and maybe feature you on our website? :)
And out of nowhere, fall appears...
hey Debby!!!!!! If I ever meet you in person again, would you like it if I did some magic?? <3 please tweet back!! :)
4 more days till we leave!!!!!
Nice work, Dave. Knew Mets had allowed five walk-off homers. Figured Dbacks might have allowed more. Had no idea about Seattle.
Watching nature's light show with a glass of Sangster's to finish off a perfect evening.
Thank you , and all participants for an enlightening chat! I welcome ongoing convo with you all. :-)
soo one of my perspectives speakers just knocked on Christian rap..i mean obviously he doesn't listen to lecrae! but seriously..
morning boyfriend <3 have a fabulous day :* I love you :)
I have an action adventure movie for a group of 8-10 year old girls! It's a high concept movie perfect for Disney or anyone else interested…
#SSMA love back at ya!!
Thanks! We're all part of the same team! RT : Some of my favorite teachers!
"I'm sorry that took so long ma'am, but it appears your husband spelled his name wrong while ordering online."
Best Labor Day weekend idea--Islands Restaurant's margarita light made with Silver Patron, agave nectar, lime juice and splash Sec
Back on a strict diet starting today.. Just had my last soda, i feel so nasty i need to hit the gym asap
We will see you in the Fall! RT : It's beautiful! Wish I was at #cbsadmit this weekend instead of working!
Very slow start. First break just ended. No chip progress to speak of.
I dont get why everygirl wants the guyto text her first like we maybe want to talkto u but we also want to if u wanna talk to us.
My sister got me running around the world; Wal Mart, Chick-fil-a and now Krystals ... I'm not a errand runner
RT : Where did today go? / Today? I've been thinking it was yesterday all day today.
my armpits are sweaty!
Gary Oldman's Best Actor nom= the dictionary definition of "overdue."
death threats for going out with someone?! woah. calm down people!.
Quote:“This is the icing on the cake. Nine wonderful years on Everybody Loves Raymond , and to finish it off like this is wonderful.”
my birthday is comin up :-)
follow me on my journey on becoming Spike TV's next Ink Master.
Zendaaya I love you so much!My birthday was on Friday and Im10 officially now and moving:( I love you:]
Very excited to be in Amsterdam to talk about , Corpora Space, and at a symposium for the #Alfalab project tomorrow.
I c u
Thank you for standing up for LGBT rights in the It Gets Better video. Always suspected you were the man. Now I know.
May you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, (1/2)
Loving the way #WKU is playing against #UL. Proud of my
do you have predictions for who will win #celebrityapprentice?
the only 2 dudes i want is Frankie from Emmure and Waka flocka. if i get one of them that would awesome, but both would be fucking amazing!
2 years ago today I met the only man I've ever really loved
lmao I'm always such the hero (:
It's great, especially since I'm using my own account and the 's.
Thanks for sharing!
wtf am I talking about?
Birds tweet. I tweet. I'm a bird.
How can you shorten a bed? Don't sleep long in it.
Anyone wake up in the front yard last night? You guys made Legends crazy!
Yes!! I'm SO excited!! :) We'll figure out a way to cram all 3 of us in this tiny room ;)
I've never EVER given up easily on anything or any1, so if I walk away from you, just KNOW u worked HARD to earn that.
Today is our monthly First Friday presentation: YST gets lunch and you learn how we make such a difference for Tulsa's youth!
FREE FREE FREE! Never taken our class?! Why not try it for FREE this Sunday!! to save your spot!!
Extreme Makeover JOPLIN featuring airs tomorrow at 8pm on ABC. Set your DVRs for some heartwrenching stories. What a town...
taxes. quite possibly the worst idea ever. Great job america.
I was actually just going for the credits
Hopefully spending the day with the incredible tomorrow. <3 video games all day? Yep.
Thanks for the shout out!
Demi Lovato is my idol and anyone that makes fun of her is going down she has feelings and she is a human like all of us I LOVE DEMI LOVATO
OK, *now* I can actually watch #GameOfThrones on the DVR. I hope it's another good one!
China military makes solemn vow on territory
To believe what has not occurred in history will not occur at all, is to argue disbelief in the dignity of man. -Mahatma Gandhi
Anyone used Playmaker and/or uScript for Unity? Is one of them better or are they just different?
Somebody need ta
it's sad it took him this long to win a championship w/all the cabbage he and the boosters have dropped on players over the years.
RT : Holy smokes. Band just rocked the Enescu 8tet. Tune in for the encore performance at 9:30 ET.
Please go follow thank you!
#LastWishOf2011 to get to say something sweet to me to help me stop crying
hey wassup how are u
Happy Easter Weekend Everyone ! <3 :)
It bothers me to no end that you can get a reality show when your only talent is sleeping with NBA players.
Geeked for Membership Appreciation tonight...after Zumba of course. lol
Game is Friday! You have a full 27 hours to catch up on sleep ;)
well I got a new number anyway. So if you been texting me then my bad honey.
Ever since we started learning about Evolution in Biology class, I love going to class. I'm not joking, it's such an interesting subject.
: Thanks for spreading the word and Refresh Daily!
Get me some floss!
so why is doing it.
I think you're missing the point. It's not that kids are going to stop playing, it's that the PRO game us not going to be the...
G+ circle idea was great for sharing content with specific groups and could control who could view your content.
Sawaddee ka Hello, Hope you enjoy my new bikini line 'Lollipop Bikini'. My deigns are fun, sexy, bright and cheerful. I think you'll agree
so selena was crying outside of her hotel yesterday, deleted her instagram & gifboom? hmm she probably received the news that shes preggo
They both wear one glove that serves no purpose.
OMG SAME IT KEEPS SAYING NO MATCHES FOUND
See us at the 2012 Wineries Unlimited Conference & Trade Show, Richmond, VA, March 27-29. Discounts on all booth displays! Bring your truck!
Great to see has joined Twitter! If his tweeting is even half as interesting as his blog it will be a must-follow.
zaay he said " it came out bad ! "
Congrats Green Bay! Broncos still the only team to beat the Packers in a Super Bowl.
it is not! Its exciting and consistent
rode 3 differnt buses today rayher than 1. i got home 40 minutes late!!! oh well at least i AM home.
cheap doesn't mean good
I posted some points in the game thread. Thought about doing a post on my thoughts on Selig (not the talk) for the weekend.
Thanks to I managed to solve a baggage receipt issue I was having. Another reason why I love technology.
#health Over the counter nasal decongestants can make nasal symptoms worse when used for longer than recommended.
being easily distracted at work today...thankfully I got a lot done yesterday
Thanks for the shout! Looking forward to it! :)
ur not the only one missing AMC!!
I See A Version Of Bust Baby Pt 3 Song Already Got Studio Responds In The Game!
Can't do my hw -.- I need to focus
New apartment secured. Next door neighbours are Miranda Kerr & Orlando Bloom. Will be knocking to borrow Vegemite.
PEEP YA EMAIL WHEN YOU CAN
So sorry about "The Finder." LOVED that show and you were very nice during an interview you did with me last year!
just got to say that is fucking awsome!!!!!!!!! :)
“: Finished 4th, tough year and opponents, had some key matches but overall great tournament” ^^^super homie^^^
I had just never heard about such a program. Wow.
Sick & annoyed
#dpla Nesson:biggest problem is copyrght.we are players in a game against copyrght.need registry of public domain that is legally defended.
Question: What errors have you learned from as an app developer?
I love that ur still racing my mom remember u when she watched NASCAR
Schwing it! RT We want to welcome back as a sponsor for the Spring 2012 season of !
Greetings WildaBeast:D
& Toy Covergurl we on da way.....
hi josh, rupture sure you located?
oh noes!! all facebook widgets have imploded!!! i can't even like this...
seeing sleep no more tonight...may the odds ever be in my favor!
Hi ! The $17.50 family memberships are only available to purchase in person at the museum on Thursday May 10, 2012.
Yeah I'm a
you rape customers
#dear14YrOldSelf also try and invent twitter except its called growler
The #Royals are only 4.5 games out and I'm sure Powerball is mine this week. I'm feeling THAT lucky.
Thanks for taking a look at it. U have any of your shots online?
thank you! Hope you are doing well.
thanks for the retweet :)))
can one say more, 5 Ls in a row after how they were just playing (before IL) is just unacceptable, my two cents.
keep it trending <3
hi sweets did you get my email? xo missmimipink
all the critics even agree that Keaton and Kilmer were the top rated batmans
Hey hon what happened???
Have you guys seen The Player (1992)?
last two samples on display. NG does some pretty work
Any Mist users in New York watch Tori Johnson's "Steals and Deals"? You may want to catch it tomorrow on WABC!!
i haven't had alone time to talk to him. But i promise i will tomorrow and let you know. Kay?
you were awesome. I got home just in time to watch this, after meeting you at the Palladium. :)) you're so nice. I love you!
ha, thanks :)
attending 2nd half of Science at #tufts for the 21st Century
When I grew up in ME, leaving Baxter State Park meant stop at Millinocket McD's for apple AND blueberry pies. Childhood bliss.
you're still awesome!
Gym membership collecting dust? Now's the time to invest in a #homegym - Save on the F7 Fold Away Gym Today!
no problem! thank you for the follow! :)
not looking foward to getting up at 2 tomorrow -_-
The sheep will bring trouble.
sure. I bet its all fun. ;)
Some relationships are like Tom & Jerry. They tease eachother, knock down eachother, irritate eachother, but can't live without eachother.
Chillin' with Chuck
According to Dave, our front of the house manager, this is "one of the top 5 things we've ever had on the menu here."...
thank you for coming up big last night! Go hard Saturday gators/nuggets style!
#womencantresist guys who can sing/dance
ha YES! “: Down at before the game. The famous Liz is waiting tables tonight. #CBJ #nhl”
Working on a pretty arrangement of Neil Young's Harvest Moon on my uke. If you see me singing to myself and swaying...it's Harvest Moon.
better late than never, I guess.
Ana Maria Rodriguez is reading at the Children's section right now.
O-line time Phil!
Change + AJ stuff coming! I need to do more give aways on twitter. Don't know why I really haven't done them. Change is coming
And thanks for the #FF, too! RT :
Milk was a bad choice #
your influence and sweeping excellence
no problem handsome ;-)
Ima miss u when u gone
If my students can teach their classmates or myself they will learn
I see cardio abs is working for you!
It's #TittyTuesday send in those pictures ladies.
Good morning people South Bronx's today sucks getting up early.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
yup. If I'm bored enough, I will make a slingshot.
you seriously have no idea how much I hate you right now...(not a bad hate tho😉) ugh jealous beyond belief
Thaddeus ... I hope you will not think me irreverent
Thanks so much for the very kind shout-outs!
So are you! RT : Wow what an amazing weekend, you are all so special and inspiring!
is the best & most beautiful daughter... EVER!!!!(;
Tomorrow to Seattle :')
I-25 southbound right 2 lanes back open at Comanche after two vehicle accident.
thx much for tweet re Smarthistory/Time; also, link for article on impact of visual intel on math intel doesnt work, pls redo
Shin splint currently being iced. Ouch. Any other tips?
Live 2nite #thelavagame play all your favorite rock hits of the 90s & 2Ks. $5 at the door. Over 21. Come and
I totally understand. I loved Zombieland too! :-)
The brilliance is in the piece. It's one of my favorite LARB ups.
Good Morning!! I'm REAADDDYYYY!!!
I would never take a bullet for anyone.... If I had time to jump in front of the bullet, you had time to move out of the way.
NEXT UP: Boys' water polo state play-in between Gulliver and Belen. Lively crowd on hand for this one.
Kei Kamara leads the league in shots with 28, but more importantly also leads the league in shots on goal with 12, Espindola in 2nd with 9
Yes, we're working on a Sunday, because we are workaholics.
will do, first night was great, store in the AM class in the PM!
banned from the game? My Lord, I don't even want to know how bad you have to be
Right there w ya! On #2. A literary bad habit, but since I never indulged in vampire lit, Im ok w it!
RT : For the next 4 hours I will donate $1 to for each new follower I receive
song #TurnToYou are perfect.
ah, the powers-that-be decided this :) have fun with the kids today!
When asked if videos could be stored in Canada, replies, "sure...we can store it in a Canadian cloud" and points upwards. :)
Too doo doo too TO!!! Congratulations.
chocolate milkshake.
Me too I want to go back
aww!! Darn it I don't think or will b there either, now I'm not gonna have any fun :(((
Another very clever reply. Love your 3 questions.
He has an in-grown toenail.
Researched both French and Russian copyright law today thanks to Congress and SCOTUS (via #Golan)
voiced by Kelsey Grammar and Patrick Stewart, no less.
of course! Thank you I am. I hope you're having a good week as well!
If you try to rape me, I will bite your penis off.
see the Size Matters panel at #MFEConference to hear Michael Ytterberg, Principal, BLTa, talk about apartments of the future
MT : favorite dishes last night:Udan Noodle dish-House Style & Long Beans-House style. Delish! Oh & the Saki...
Watch 's client on WeTV tonight at 9p est!
EVERYONE please follow me on my new twitter Had to make it because this one keeps acting weird. Please follow on the new one
not my decision but I know she needs a model. If u wanna give it a whirl I send ur info to lady that's asking.
one girl DVRs them and then we go over one day during the week and watch 2 episodes. We should make it a drinking game tho.
A clever man commits no minor blunders. ~ Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
#subwayfitchat How do you know how to balance foods? Diet food is always a trade off. Usually has high sodium
It's ! Tune in! : Hey who is the substitute lady tomorrow on
Let me check and I will let you know. I'm not coaching them.
goin with the Wildcats!! I'm with on this one.
That is fantastic -- congratulations!
#FF , our oh-so-handsome social media pimp!
I mad the blue fortune hoddie is 55$ ugh!!! He lucky i love him
Hey! Some of us just like to start each day with a hearty "Meh!"
I have been 25 since I was 25 ~ Anonymous
Look Bautista is clearly not a juicer....well its clear that he isn't juicing NOW.
I love video games.
Just some of our faves
Menon: relinquished sovereignty against not owning
Had a notification that Tammy Baldwin repinned a party decoration pin. Whaaaa?? Yeah, wasn't THAT Tammy Baldwin.
Yo, missed you today at class
no it was canceled lol
Hannah and I got so much done on day 2 of #wine day. Finished the rest of #France!!!!
Beauty is a curse in the world. It keeps us from seeing us from seeing who the real monsters are.
Thanks to you!
Eric Northman's sexy, but he's still got nothing on Kellan Lutz.
Forgot how socially akward some math&science kids can be. Then again some artist equally incapable of functioning in the real world at times
there are 70+ people, 3 candidates, 6 reporters, and 3 cameras here. You'll find out what was going on, don't worry.
Better Example- the other stars in the league who hit their first homerun...Wright, Jeter, PuPu didn't
thank you justin!
My condolences!
and together on stage?! fans and fans must be going crazy right now!
we, baking a cake!! thats all im pretty much good for anyways. 
": Slut: "I'm sexy and I know it." Me: "No, bitch. You're slutty and you blow it."" ctfu...a mess
One more taker for a free hot stone massage? One more will make 5! Spread the word!
Been sleep all day smh
This! x10000 RT ": Here's to the athletes who can't wait until summer."
ACLU Warns State Dept. Against Firing Worker Who Criticized Government
let's keep our fingers crossed for our city #providence as we device means to get out of the fiscal turbulance without raising # taxes
Um, isn't that something they should have had BEFORE guarding the prez? RT Secret Service to undergo ethics training in
RT : Thunder killed tonight Image give that Black Thunder!!!
what is this ..
Thrilled for Ben Olsen; he's incredible, sure he can get job done for DCU
#thatmoment you realize that you're mad about something & there's really no reason to be upset in the first place
I suspect it's now less than 5 minutes to bedtime.
Time to go to bed. Hoping to wake up tomorrow and find out that Stan Bowman hath brought salvation to the masses.
Get ya'll mind out the gutter... Lol
AD's sometimes have to teach classes too, not paid only as an AD at many HS due to budgets
Mike Gundy was the offensive coordinator under for 4 years at Oklahoma State, before taking over in 2005.
that article is relevant because the youth complaining about the 1% buy apple products. Supporting what they hate.
You gonna fucken yell at me and expect me to fucken help you out wtf -_-
Lots of YUMs in 's website today! From cover shot to baby news. Such a happy Wednesday!
We'll always have Sandbags. The cookies are a great icebreaker to meet peeps in the office ;)
I LOVE horror movies <3 haha(;
still waiting on a follow from my mother in-law ;-)
it going to be hilarious!
Thanks for the Mother's Day wish. Happy Mother's Day to you as well!
i would be
I don't wanna go to work today :(
Merry Christmas to you and your family!
I AM TROY DAVIS
People learn differently.#Khanacademy helps students get extra practice that is not avail in classroom where there is ONE teacher
i tried following the people i know. or the tweets i cared seeing, so yeah might've missed a few
Be under the mistletoe....with a Mahoneway gift card!(; ~Sara
New twitter on my phone, I think I like it better. It sure loads faster cx
that sucks!!!!
Excited for the #SMBAustin this morning with ! If you're headed downtown and need help, just let us know, we'll have hot coffee.
You two are making my night. Thanks! cc:
I like it!
Will you contribute one tweet to tell your friends about the good work is doing? www.henryshope.org #Twitterthon Please RT!
I'm so happy tomorrow is Thursday
Don't go down stairs on a bike cuz Iswear this nigga just died across the street
If you watch Jaws backwards, it's a film about a shark who throws up so many people, they have to open up a beach.
Bleh... getting rid of junk today, need to figure out where to donate!
CEO: "One of the most fun things about the Foursquare pitch is sitting down with merchants and you can show them a stats dashboard"
So will & I! RT : #CGT256 Despite having a final at 7pm on a Friday, I'm really going to miss this class!
allowed to))) is off season
An actor has to burn inside with an outer ease
Tristan came to my room to tell me that he got dressed by himself <3
Go follow my besssssstt fran <3 Shes like mad cool and stuff , so goo :D
Wow great first day at #aas12 #AAS2012 with and Lots of foot traffic and interest!
if a MD-VA civil war breaks out, which side does in DC join? Fight for Old Dixie!
Hoping we can stave off this rain to squeeze in the series #finale. We shall see!
north South Shootout Caraway, NC Nov 3rd-5th Watch Zane rip it up on the track with a Pair of Cojones Cars going Balls Out for the win
After seeing live #lpo reviews, what work do you need to do on your landing pages?
Ha! I should have known.
So happy #buffalosoldiers is being edited.
Just getting ready to put your "Victory" beers on ice.
Soccer in the morning. ✌💘⚽
The finish line is in sight — are you reaching your March for Babies goal? How are you getting there? Leave us a comment!
You're hilarious John, keep up the good work!
One stop for all your Prom needs! Prom make up workshop April 15th inbox me to rsvp asap!
150 grand??? That's a highest paid lobbyist? In what effing universe? Abramoff, anyone?
Headed to tomorrow to pick up their Tangerine Tango polish!
No rule is real unless it demands your conscience.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
Everyone seems to be in a bad mood today ..
enjoy your vacation. Glad I caught you on Today this morning.
Showtime! Tune in to renegade radio Nashville now!
HAHAHA Looks like Jericho wont be getting another Rematch
INCREDIBLE gig last night by the one and only Amazing night from what I can remember!
Umm the lakers have lost about half of the championships they have been in so they must like losing a lot too
a friend asked me what a donniegasim is.. lol I showed her ur pic n she flipped her panties
Tired just watching this #Caps and #Rangers triple overtime!
Post Edited: Good Writing Tip #3: Appropriate Voice
Thrilled to add Compass Rose in Regina as a new CRM 2.0 client -- making full use of business-to-consumer and co-op agent features!
Uh oh! LOL
Just watched paranormal activity 2...not quite as creepy as 1.
Grabbing your #hiking boots and heading for a backpacking trip through Europe? DM us all the cool places you'll be visiting.
Your first draft of the response should be required reading for legal ethics.
Working on my story :-)
Anyone SF? Take a photo of the office,upload to and earn cash.Easy way to earn some extra $
aaahh!! where can i watch justin?? is it live a live stream or is it on TV?! someone help me please!!
Legs too long for the camaro but my shawty in it too doe
These be-ahs never let me sleep-avg 4hrs/night
Tuesday Facebook Special! $5 Off any purchase of $25 or more!
my brothers honestly the ugliest, and most annoying kid ever..
this episode of law and order though. huh i don't want to have children unless i know i can always protect them :/
"hope is the only thing stronger than fear" diggin this flick and the contribution to the...
Now you're just somebody that I used to blow ♬
Yankees W or L last night?
Interesting SC case scheduled for today. Student forced to be strip searched after another student says student victim hid pills.
Artists, are you connecting with your fan base? #what are you waiting for
: Same. It's amazing how social media can really help out your career nowadays.
....just when you ready to give up, that's just when GOD is ready to show up*
<--- Yay! Hero amongst the heroic!
HCG opens only the excess fat cells allowing excess fat to be burned. No other time in the human body does this happen www.lasvegashcg.com
just started watching dr.who and enjoying some mash potatoes, which are meant for tomorrow. not too shabby!
Imam Zaid Shakir of Zaytuna College is calling upon all Americans to become Peacemakers. Sign up at peacemaker.kintera.org
go with the pirate gear!
Moved into new place & wanted to celebrate w/ a beer. Discovered that paint can keys are designed to open beers too. Nice. :)
": Getting defeated will do one of two things - Make you stronger or make you give up! Be strong always no matter what!"
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend like if you don't have one well... I suggest you get one <3 love you
If you want to cover urban issues, love it, says Causey
S/O the big homie from the East-Side on signing his deal real nigga shit he putting the East-Side on the map
Watched #21JumpStreet yesterday! Soo funny! :p
Fantasy Baseball 2012: Week 4 National League Revelations - Bleacher Report
“: should I call 1452” yep
Lmaao Sorry for my late reply (: && on the way to school
Hey, do what tells you to! Get Corey's address!
Republicans don't care about nothing but them selves and those that have millions.So sad
All i wna do is jump off a bridge right now, i just knew this would happen ! #ImDone !
Lets hear Champagne & Chickenheadz!
Teachers better be letting us watch March madness in class today
Thousands of new markdowns at , and some awesome events coming up- become a client at any location for updates on your faves!
I am at ne med center headed to DT in 10 minute
that case on the giveaway looks dangerous... Haha.
email me your contact information @ and I will pass it on.
hate you more
you awake?
Cheers Dan that would be nice....
New and better things are happening for us soon. #GetStoked !
well I think you should do both, they got great apps. Great, now I want a Scotch Egg.
Found my house. Making an offer on it in the morning. I thought buying a car was cool. Picking out a house was insane
Who's New Year's resolution is to live healthier and get fit? I can help you with if so! Get in contact with me!!!
Real Talk: If you identify as Mexican/Mexican-American, do you celebrate Cinco de Mayo? Or has it become St. Patrick's Day part 2?
getting $3.02 for a tip. << please inform me what the hell am i going to do with 2 pennies.
Clairy i love you
Folks who never do any more than they are paid for, never get paid more than they do.
RT : It is not what happens to you but how you respond to what happens to you. ---> try telling that to a murder victim!
I WAS BUYING GROCERIES PPL ARE SO STRANGE HERE I MEAN WHAT AM I TO DO? THIS IS MY SON DONT JUST TOUCH HIM WITHOUT ASKING ME
Your conversations.
Pau Gasol continues to be the NBA's 'Baumer. Let's just hope he doesn't take off his shoes and socks tomorrow.
any recipes that you all know of for using creeping charlie in brewing? Have lots, wondering if it's useful...
Will shit my pants if I get to see Yellowcard front row again.
Self-respect permeates every aspect of your life.~ Joe Clark
yes I'm sorry I cleaned it and put it up out of way one day. Only If brings me some to work hahaha
I wish you all a Happy and a Prosperous 2012!
lol its funny u brought that up tho
Running the 5k this morning
i went last yr and loved it! i creepily searched for you on fb and saw that we have noam g as a mutual friend. i met him there!
Wheels up to the mountain for a hike / ski! Hope its not too hot!
Tyler, you know you can pull off anything. Even that horrible all jean outfit. Haha ;)
Flight delayed three hours??? Well, bring on the cappuccinos!
When He Texts You First, You Text Back , And He Doesn't Reply .
I had some mp3s from Amazon go corrupt, and now I can't redownload purchased music from Amazon? Never buying from again.
Learned some great lighting tips today in Pikesville
Hey guys can you hookup with your discography so far? She's a diehard fans with no MP3s and it was her bday this mth.
Two different type of players. Won't they play different spots on floor?
Heading to get my adderall refill before my benefits get cut. Bitch needs to focus in FA training!!! Okkkkrrr!!!
Interesting read - I hate running, but downloading a audiobook might be good motivation!
#deepstacks , cc complete. Ready for a bev anyone!!!
Packing for #Kzoo2012. Sure I'll forget something. (Note to self: Print out paper & handouts....)
I got hacked!! Sorry to all my followers!!
Wednesday practice open to public?
#WINNING my tiger blood is boiling.
Still have a few suites for this weekend! Special rates. Call now 305-664-0044.
RT : Because #Cancer is faithful and loyal, they expect nothing but the same from you.
you rock bitch
The Sox are going with their typical lineup despite facing LHP Bruce Chen. Probably because Chen's splits are non-existent over his career.
Thanks! Especially for us West Coasters...#libchat was during my commute time // cc
now following
Why are we still learning when there is only 4 weeks of school left
I like your style!
agree, not enough time! Next year I'll stay longer. Missing you too sexy mama!
I'm only awake to watch the even stevens movie
Karma Yoga - Yoga of Service. Jnana Yoga - Yoga of Wisdom, Bhakti Yoga - Yoga of Devotion, RAJA - ROYAL Yoga... Become a Raja Yogi/Yogini
No Badger game today, but we still want to see you out and about on Brady Street!
Line 'em up! I'll grab the monster truck!
Santorum made me apoplectic when he was a failing Senator! RT I agree. (re Santorum makes me apoplectic)
Whenever Jackie chan fights it's like he's surprised at everything…
We use erythritol, stevia and luo han. Not as common as other sweeteners but ZERO digests to glucose & no Laxative FX
he clumsy
Having a bad day? Celebrating a personal victory? Either way, give yourself some flowers. It is a great, guilt free indulgence!
Forgot how cold this city is and how much people love to jay-walk
Pie in a Jar, anyone??? They're adorable, you want them, you'll love them. Killer as gifts!! Get them:
Who got the HENNY N BLACKS (WINE,PLASTIC TIP)weScales313we
if u do have a party I wanna go ! :D
There are two German Shepherds and a cat on my flight. A stewardess just said she's pretty sure the dogs are going to kill the cat.
hey miss being on the set. It looks like I will not be returning for season 3 :(
Glad you like it!
I'm so good at playing cards..I guess I'm a PLAYER!!
Seems to be ===> do you mean Wine for the Confused?
It is rainy and I hate it! Can't golf in the rain!
Thanks for checkin in on Foursquare! Did you get your free shot of Powers? Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for all our specials
I arrived at a family party and and me got kicked out !!! We are now sitting out in the stairs and it's dark !! 😣
THE UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY WILDCATS
Selected logo, updated mktg budget & sales projections, committed to ADA sponsorship pkg, kicked off AdWords campaign
Point is new folks fumble with the syntax. The tooling is less friendly than what they're accustomed to. They leave.
We're so excited to have at the / offices today - teaching on advertising in the digital era.
You don't know what you're in for , 'bout to get inside your mental .
YOUR SONGWRITING IS AMAZING AND SO IS YOUR VOICE. Would love to get together and write sometime! Listening to your album now.
hey!..movie was good...you can never go wrong with a Liam Neeson survival flick....how are you doing? Are you at work?
This year is starting off too fast. Put on the brakes. I wanted to ease into it
Don't foget! Jenny Lind: My Life as a Fairy Tale March 14th at 11:00am
brings back memories
22 million for justin <3 SO PROUD
oh my god you guys..i'm seriously sweating and all i'm doing is sitting.
My new life mantra: I wish to push mankind forward. Thank you Steve.
you're welcome :)!!! <3im always here for you :)!!
#Reconnecting with loved ones. Best part of my day-more like - month.
ahahaha! That sucks. We're visiting the grand canyon tomorrow
I'm going to vote for Steely Dan, "Reelin' in the Years": "You've been tellin' me you're a genius since you were 17..."
where did you eat?
I LOVE this show! It is a MUST See on your Vegas trip!
How great for taylor!
Free tours today at 2pm and 4pm!
The only things I miss about cable are Yankee games & Mad Men.
You died in my dream last night and I was very sad
Great times last night! See you everyone next week. Right Michelle?:)
I've got too much to do and not enough time to do it in
Sounds like a cool job to me! RT : Enologists are wine chemists who analyze samples of wine and advise winemakers
Congrats! Ask for a raise!
#rockstarteacher often pauses mid-sentence, holds his microphone out and lets his students recite the words to his most popular lessons.
People come back with hopes when you decide to give up cuz its hopeless.. #Love&HateThisMoment
Mondays aren't so bad if you force yourself to have a terrible weekend
NIAAAALLLL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
#Facebook is wack.
The Nature Conservancy And Discovery Education Join Forces To Launch Dynamic Environmental Education Program Exploring ...
Dinner time shasticians! Where shall we go in the #bayarea? Any favorite #restaurants out there?
you're welcome to run here but it might take a while...
the one day i actually want to go running its raining, cool
See my new pics on the #maleforce app
you guys killed it tonight. We had so much fun playing with you!
It's a good course, I don't care what you say. Hahaha.
this early...?
I want some company!
Twitter World... Who you think will win? Bulls or Heat... I have Bulls in 7!
Using Google today? Seven-year-old Dylan Hoffman of #Racine, #Wisconsin created today's doodle. Great job, Dylan.
"By changing what we link pain or pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors." Now, apply this to your body & habits.
I love it. Just bought it on vinyl.
Why is Friends not on at 10 and 10:30 anymore?! What the heck am I going to fall asleep to now?
International day of democracy is sept 15. Birthday of US constitution, by the way, sept 17
Still waiting for Champps or North Lake Inn.
lol i finished
Minnesota native captures amazing video while rescuing his friend from a Utah avalanche. (and I don't use amazing lightly) 6pm. KARE.
i am glad you are enjoying youreself lol
YAY Jeremy!! Great finale to a great season of The Biggest Loser! Such an inspirational show!
You have chosen one of America’s best cities to serve as a backdrop for your college experience Gregory Ballard Mayor City of Indianapolis
loving this computer on the couch evening!
hm. i think it's more gated vs. gatekeepers? not sure about gaters - that's another fuzzy concept
Rocking some faeblades right now in #KoA Reckoning & loving it! Realizing I'll be getting very little sleep in the weeks to come.
thank you :)
My mom is apologizing to Sudiboo.
Thanks for coming in yesterday, Cheryl. How was your meal?
Hey Tabata, way to not have a game today you dick!
Don't u have 2 b a Muslim & a scholar 2 b issuing Fatwas? Didn't know u r actually Marvi Sirmed :)
Happy New Year, I hope your holidays went well, and 2012 is on par or better than last year.
lol yeah Erik looks like a little kid in that picture.
William Levitt was a post WW2 real estate developer. Known as "King of Suburbia" & "Inventor of the Suburb." Disturbing, indeed.
Cheer tomorrow, then work, then out to dinner with the other owner of this account, kenzie. :)
Excited for tonight! It will be my first time at Target Center seeing my band, , for the first time!!
nice explanation of blended learning and what is expected in this digital age!
Not only does the breath make all things possible, it also holds the secret to fully and truly experiencing our lives.
You're right, the first hour of the movie was slow, but the final sequence made up for it.
Putin will win in Russia because he's Not Romney
Uh oh - Century Link's "Discount" on Home Phone Service includes a hidden termination fee if you cancel in less than a year - $99 ouch!
Start the day getting rid of 507. Strength and core!
All you spammers our there, just wanted you to know I don't care that someone is "saying nasty things about me".
Can't that guy just get some time on public access like all the other crazy, raving people?
All you need is love
I'm on board!
you forgot Van Hansis!!! Def the best. Adrian was awesome.
All I want is to be with you no matter what! Sun Rain Snow Hail, I just want it to be me and you!<3 And no one else!<3 LOVE YOU BUNCHES!<333
Glad you enjoyed it!
Valentines day FUCK IT I'm sleeping in and then on the weekend gonna celebrate with friends
Discombobulated. Cattywampus. Persnickety. RT : Flabbergasted is such a good word to say out loud
Hearts will never be practical unless they can be made Unbreakable
oh, I was poking fun of you getting called that in your political back and forth
I'm tired goodnight sweet dreams(: sorry i wasent on much busy shopping at Ingram Mall(: I was at lids hoping to see <3
central market is the bomb.com
I Think Im About 2 Whoop Sum Aszx Today.,!
.Saw the Eu GDP numbers friday. My my my! Heres to Austerity! Heres to all of US who since day one knew-lack of investment...lack of growth
yea but sometimes im late for homeroom and dont even go
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. #Wayne Dyer
Has any NBA player had their best & worst seasons of their career in back-to-back seasons like Amare just did? I blame Melo.
Beckham! He's doing it.
U talkin bout comin out to the show on the 19th?? And has his video shoot this Sat too! EVERYBODY IS WELCOME!!!
I started of cleaning fryers to get thru school 16 years ago and I still feel the same way.... Hungry.
Ooh, thanks, Brandon! Haven't tried that one yet.
In a sales conf. for my company. Learning about selling in the new normal of the education market. Always good to hear what sakes is doing.
fiction: thrillers, mysteries, fact infused fiction a la Dan Brown, comedy. Non-Fiction: Art, Sports, WWII history
roof top party en le NYC for le CInco De Mayo....um perfect?
awesome!!! See u there lol
yeah, him and are both brilliant and passionate. Good combination.
That is hilarious. Well done.
not that depressed huh
thanks for the shout-out! Hope you'll catch us - starting Thursday. Jeff, Brian & me for the news at 4pm
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
Balotelli may be only other guy in EPL I'd be less likely to get advice from than Barton. And here he is warming up
Now chs won't let kids have access to our backpacks. #GoSchool!!
It was. We should do it more. Loved that food! My new favorite place!
at M&Bs. It was super short but fun while it lasted!
#WaysToBeginSex, wrestling. <3 Works every time!
FYI I have a solo show at Trammell-Gagne' in September at #SeattleDesignCenter in #Seattle, WA
Looking like the before pics from 'The Biggest Loser' after the holidays? This week's apps will be dedicated towards weight loss/fitness
3rd is better than 4th! you win! i win nothing (and like it)
The curls at the nape of my neck > the curls in my crown :(
#light_therapy Is there anyone in PDX who sells these products? I know about Sunlan, but am looking for other options...
Hungry for dinner yet? Call and let them bring you dinner from your favorite place in Oklahoma city. Quick and easy
Brush your teeth for at least 2 minutes each session
You're amazing in GoT :D
So, do you guys offer a chaplain to the palliative care patients, too? Didn't see that on that side of the chart...just curious
07:26am Resting my eyes for a min. Be back around 10am
Jus makin it 2 church w/ da girls.. Good Morning World!
What is your #1 goal for this New Year?
DNT TEASE ME, I WILL TAKE IT!!
Full day planned at #acte11 today. Several time slots with 2 presentations that I would like to see.
I LOVE McKays!!!
Why do women have mid-life crises? Because Phil and Oprah say they're supposed to.
Thanks for the retweet about COUNTER. Do you know anyone?
She as got as a fire ant really that's the best thing u cme up wit
The #Texans will be no cake walk. They're a fast, physical, girthy defense. Disguise & Execute will be our mantra this Sunday.
I feel ya. Paper and presentation handouts on my afternoon docket. Bleh.
I wishRT "I'm driving from Manhattan to Fairfield University,CT to see Frank presenting tonight. Anyone coming along?
"Generosity Is A Currency In Endless Supply." -Alok Appadurai
Q3. Name the best bar you've ever been to in the world! (via )
Back to Chicago tomorrow for a call-back for a SAG National Commercial.
Unlike a lot of guys i dont gotta lie
Monster energy drink + me = me hyper!!(:
I just want a women that's real and not accuse me of stupid shit even when shits been proven she wrong.
Broadly defined compensation was repeatedly defined as giving back in the form of publications. Is this enough?
agreed. So get down here! : #Seattle needs a real late night culture! & no, being open to 11pm doesn't count as late night.
"Dude, you just took my corpse!" "Wait, that was his corpse? I thought that was her corpse." (#dareproject chatter)
I appreciate the following. Thanks!
QoTD: "It's those who learn to perform when they're tired that find success." ( J. Robinson )
yeah but tell me about your date!!!! I need details!!!
Does that mean we win?
Love when I get that call in the morning even better on a day like today!😄☀
How I Met Your Mother ^.^
#NFAIS12 Azoluly = everyone goes to wikipedia because they find everything together in one place which speeds research.
is punching strangers!
can we talk about how freekin cute you look in your profile pic? :D BIG KISS
I feel like alot of people hate me:/ haha toobad!
I love it, I will officially have the best afternoon now, rotfl!
what's up Greg I just really started twittering so I need your help getting followers, still learning this network...thanks hun!!!
making these summer plans are making me feel better :)))
who cares...so 5 minutes ago. How about Sean Payton being suspended for a year! Will Brees stay or go?
girl you have a great spring break, with love
What were you doing Sept 11? us. We're compiling a book and all proceeds will go to charity
You are fabulous! I love everything you've designed on #FashionStar. ;)
On train to 's with a tray of whoopie pies
": I can't wait to produce a true talent search TV show where it's not rigged by executives. Yup, I said it. #nothappy #thevoice"
RT : SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK
Alright, I really need to get packing.
wishing you all a happy valenitinesday
I'm so proud of Austin :') when he's on stage receiving his Grammys imma be here proud to say I supported him from the start
Happy Birthday!! we have to celebratee!:)
One thing I don't understand about Twitter is when someone continually RTs the same person.If I wanted to follow, I would.
I'm supposed to be working on my website, but our archive of baby pictures has me completely distracted. Addicted to baby cuteness. :)
I have an interview for one source talent next week mama
haha be creepy gets you many places my friend, sike..but I miss you too when I saw you in the hallway for .5 seconds the...
I know! And remember our 4am photoshoot at 's, haha
no preview for next week?
School trip in the rain😳
Why try so hard to fit in... When you know you were meant to STAND OUT!!!
how much u charge for beats?
that puts the recent discussion of the "worth" of certain college degrees into new perspective!
Everybodys "in a relationship" on facebook now. Fuuuuuck that! Lol
Make sure your contractor has a valid contractors license. www.cslb.com
Digital channels get the most attention when a cross-channel perspective is applied to them. Learning new insights from the Conference
Hey Steve :)
McDreamy :( being an ass!!
Happy Monday Tweeps!! We hope you all had a great weekend!
Father of the Bride 2 (~) **
Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry
Canadians aren't foreigners. Canada is United States' largest national park .
Got an email that I'm locked out of an account. To fix this, click 'reset password' on the 'user details' screen... yeah
Lets go #Lions beat dem ponies!!!
Four weeks is a long time. Tomorrow before i might have to make that trip over there. Ill be happy after that. ;)
Hate you ❤💜💙💚 but that was a good throw earlier
#MorningMotivation - People + Purpose = Organization - Change the world: Gather ppl around ur purpose
poofy umbrella drinks?
We will be keeping you updated on the #World Cup as well www.ussportspages.com
Nightline is doing a story on mutton busting, it's like they've never been to Texas before!
Being on facebook and twitter > doing homework... :/
How the hell can you say its alright for you to ask for,money but we better not as you?!
Good morning people!
Editing, editing, editing. Today it's a music video, tomorrow it could be your reel! Audition-Studio.com
In Music Meeting New Pornographers “Crash Years” Makes me think of the Blake Babies a little. Happy to hear from them
Why not just have Joba shag all the BP flies?
Social Media Tip: Don't forget the keywords! Without them, both people and search engines will have trouble finding your #smallbiz online.
Sweet delicious 340 calorie honey bun
Wolfram, a Search Engine, Finds Answers Within Itself
It doesn't really matter though...#Pens are taking the Cup this year :)
Retweet if u tryn to go to movies tomorrow it's on me
Huge congratulations to the Grand Prize winners -- RightCare Solutions!!
Morning. Tweeting because I have some time to kill, otherwise I never do it minute by minute like I do on Facebook.
Thanks for mentioning our video.
These #NBA refs have been horrible tonight both ways.
I'm super excited for the show!
I did too, but it definitely made me feel that my personal tolerance for the outre might be a liiitle to good. :)
Finally found out what YOLO means. Man, I feel like an idiot. ha. ♥Bretana♥
he is hott
Marky Mark is my hero RT A9 Mark Wahlberg, from when he hung out with the funkybunch.
Went shopping with my aunt and she got some candles. I had #thebest apple cider ever!! So, she bought some for me at the ingles :D
there's the Jamey Wright we know! 4 pitch BB!
The White Butterfly crew (students) were awesome. I need to buy bigger mandrels- they were beads on silver chains, crazed :)
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut
I just wish you were mine.....
I am a survivor... for sure. ....there is a song that comes to mind with that... oi..Reba MacIntyre, right???
Getting really excited for Saturday night! Groovesect is playing with Fred Wesley and Leo Nocentelli at Tipitina's Uptown at 2am!!!!!!!!!!!
Charleston-bound in four days!
Naw I never did the chicken Fridays...that a no no!!
san francisco: are you yourself or do you have any unemployed/freelancing friends who want to hang during the day and talk about music?? :-)
I registered a while back, but don't have the time. Would be happy to pass it off to you. DM me for details
I will definitely be getting a copy of Mad Women to read - an inside look at the advertising agency in the sixties from a women's pov...
If guys had periods, they’d brag about the size of their tampons.
don't do it, don't be one of those people!! hahaaha
Its's a beautiful day :]
Sick hike with today in atrastadero open space
I'm honored by the retweet yesterday. Glad to see that u're coaching. Good things are in front of u. Any broadcasting aspirations?
You better make an appearance miss.
we are driving back do sometime tomorrow morning :) its flexible
Guys, we're doing a live show at Largo in LA in May! Cannot wait. Details soon.
uh I'm not sending you words dude
text me.. I messages you on FB, my number
Thanks alot for the support! :)
can you send me some of your newest songs? I'm interested and have a publisher's ear ready. Are you guys looking for Pub?
Ah! Awesome, I'll do that now. :)
Ditto that... Though it's easy to distract me from the important things like cutting grass though.
RT : Lord, I've seen fire, and I've seen rain. I've seen an auto race that I thought would never end...
“: Wtf did this girl just have me watch lol” Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Bed dreaming of you I hope. 😘😍😉
The Twitter Paradox: a tool that apparently requires the least amount of effort (140c) end up being the most time-consuming to use
#Romney wants to give another $250K in TAX CUTS 2 #millionaires but CUT #medicare #socialsecurity #PellGrants etc!NO heart in him
that's actually not true Tom. She works for Tom Shepard and "Move to the Middle". They don't coordinate though...
I was going to wear Timofey Mozgov's obnoxiously blue shoes
Great game tonight!! GO SWISH!!!! <3
live may 26th Iowa Val air ball room Dope Venue Im spinning Lego
leah got her own movie lmao
Woah. I cried while writing that...
Friday! Go get some HORNY in ya, you crazy kids! Just kidding, 21+ only, don't get any ideas ;)
I think about salt and sugar when I'm reading them.
Caroline Bruzelius G'82 delivers opening address for annual meeting: "Inside/Outside: Friars & the Dynamics of Urban Space"
hey Ellen could you please watch my video of my daughter on YouTube. It's called forbidden hunger. It's so cute
It doesn't matter what you think you're fighting about. It always comes down to a choice between fear and love. Chose wisely.
Team K went to Had the Chi Cheng! Been there 4x, tried to meet you Ryan, we always miss each other. Ya'll never dissapoint!
be truly thankful 4 what u have. Realize how blessed u r, cuz there r so many out there that would change places with u in a heartbeat
good morning! xo
quit smoking weed and getting drunk and STUDY! and maybe it wouldn't be so bad JON JON!
Leonardo da Vinci wrote in his notebooks that a man that could not control his sexual impulses was 'no better than a beast in a field'......
nobody is perfect, we are all the same no matter what cultural or racial differences we may have, or what religion we follow
Waking up early to take a shower <<<<
Wow wtf, I say happy birthday and get nothing back . W.e fake ass people
Just had an "ah ha" golf swing moment. Need to keep my right elbow tucked more. Hope to see some results on the course tomorrow
Guy's the guy! MT : Going to NV's capital tonight to give a speech and be on stage w/state treasure, ex-Archivist Guy Rocha.
"An interest is what people really want and need; a position is what people say that they really want and need."
First draft of the website is up! www.recoverrecords.com More to come soon. Get ready music lovers.
I'm revoking your uk citizenship. Again.
Good night swtor family Republic & Sith :-)
RT The only disability in life is a bad attitude. ~ via and :
Imm guessing the black or orange. :p
SO proud of SASD!!
yup. Late next month. Not sure about the dates yet.
and also white queerness or labor movement scholars who dont give a shit about race.
Zuckerburg opposes #SOPA, you can trust this man with everything except your idea to create Facebook
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow.
Chase- stop telling me I'm poor with incessant notifications and texts. I KNOW!
I stand with & for Those that don't like what he has to say, I hear Cuba is nice this time of year....MOVE!
are you lonesome tonight? do you miss me tonight? are you sorry we drifted apart?
Did you report our pizza research to ?
Should i buy tamales from the toothless lady outside of the Bexar County tax office? Decisions...decisions...
Great meal at the Rathskellar tonight. Everyone in the group is happy. Now we are all sleepy...
Cool story Meryl.
Thanks for the tweet! I hope people actually find these weekly lists helpful - no idea if anyone actually uses them!
Buddy Dusty's Corner sent me a TON of stuff to review and look over for suggestion. Small box packed full of stuff, video coming up soon.
:O so jealous
Thanks guys for cheer me up and Michelle ill make your mix ASAP
Monsieur Harold and the Gentleman Kumar Adjourn to The Castle of White
I went to allsaints nyc great jeans and jackets and my favorite armani exchange chezk out their new sunglasses
"Don't bait me cause ya ain't me."
