What do you think is missing from the Millennial conversation today?
good! Watched taiwan ballgame last night. Too bad for rain!
Had an fainted lifting weights.Life seems more serious today.
In San Diego? Get to now!
its okay Matt it just makes me think
RT Baltimore Atlanta&Oakland in crosshairs 2nite Blitz eviction strategy intended 2 reduce news cycle saturation?
It's funny. All these #bing ads, I'm still googling everything.
oh and i reply when im back, love youu naai;) <3 x
You are too funny!!!!
don't we all?
FACEBOOK MAKES ME SO LOST!
mine started off like a Monday at work. But it should make for a fast day.
Thank you to and for following us!
But I'm Glad Max Got The Subway Shop Lol!! XD
ok gosh chill!
thanks for the idea. Is there a website mention the food science lab behind McDonalds?
If you're over 150lbs, you should probably get off the bar.
"This" makes me cringe. It's like Unfrozen Caveman Commenter.
Another thing about Unitas...wanna talk 2 min drill? He practically invented it. Unitas to Berry
Suzanne Deal Booth is the generous patron of Turell skyway Does she collects Christian Marclays work?He's well loved at KTRU
Starting NOW on "New Orleans Gourmet", we have Domenica's Chef w/ house-made charcuterie & red beet tortelloni. Ch. 14 or 32.
In learning to know other things, and other minds, we become more intimately acquainted with ourselves.
"Teletransported with four others from the Red Planet on a distant Sun in a small far Galaxy"?
LOOK at ur arms! Jealous+Proud=Me. Ur no longer a skinny muppet w/ an oversized mouth & a mullet ;) Loved u then.Love u now
Patron wanted Shadowplay by Tad Williams that should have been on the shelf. Not there. Placed hold.
Yeah, you better be sorry (;
ill be in the 2nd row...im so excited, never sat that close at a concert b4! I'm going to buy me a Drake shirt tonight lol
Team is growing day by day. First Now is on board. Whos next? ?
The best way to spend a Sunday
I think about you all the time...
Roll Damn Tide
OMG! Tia you this event is fabulous. Independence on the Runway "NO LIMiTS 1426 is so proud of you. If you are not here you miss it!
good? part of what I ♥ abt fish tacos would get lost in the bulk of a burrito. But I prefer tacos to burritos across the board…
But they need to fix Transmo... Transmogr... Transmostarwarstheoldrepublic, and add more welfare gear.
Watching porn in the living room is very low class.
Rep Boehner, REAL class warfare is a reality NOW, as wealthy employers pay 1/2 the tax rate that their secretaries do. Ask Warren Buffet!
SING ON MY MIND BY CODY SIMPSON PRETTY PLEASE!!(:
William of Wykeham~ Manners maketh man.
I once paused over a Rene Auberjonois action figure. Wished it was from "Benson." Or "McCabe and Mrs. Miller."
The hunt for a new studio space is officially on. Anyone know of any good spaces?
I wish I had went to church this Sunday...
AH. SUCH A GOOD EPISODE OF #PLL! Who else watches? :)
What's the dress code for semi?
Is it odd that in my class there is a girl that looks like peter griffin from family guy
Is it wrong that when I hear the Bee Gees on the radio I picture ??
Beyond excited that CLE will have a Toby Keith's Bar and Grill!!
My neighbors must HATE me. Today I've jumped rope, practiced my trumpet, vacuumed and set the smoke detector off 5 times
Right, credit is the key thing, although permission couldn't hurt :-)
Ha! I knew it! RT What, are you kidding? You'd look totally hot in black eyeliner. :)
swimming al day
have you read fun home by alison bechdel?
Heading out on a birthday weekend vacation with destination UNKNOWN! Lets see what my gf Michelle has in store for me this time around! ;)
Good luck, Bob!
No when is it?
Your customers rather text your business then get put on hold when they call you. Text me to learn more: 916-420-6020
anyone know of any good jobs available for cats please rt
First time I've heard "adjustments" and "Mike Brown" in the same sentence this playoffs.
Hope the holidays treated you all well! Now go out and continue to enjoy with $1 drinks with bartab!
oh my lord, that sounds delicious! Let me know how it turns out!
Pitched 7 innings yesterday & now basically can't move the right side of my body.
WTF?!? They cut out part of the dance!!!!
B_Sheridan Too Cool!
"I'll never forget how they celebrated just from winning this game. I can't wait to play them again." Derrick Rose on Pacers win over Bulls.
Chimera has been getting those 1-1 on the outside all night long.
I really want a stickman sticker.
Huge STOP FOR THE #Broncos D! Good thing they stepped it up they saved the Broncos Today!
Thanks a lot for using my mother's afghan that way. How am I not supposed to remember that every time I see it?
I live for complex challenges; but today I'm not in the mood to tackle a technical twister. I'll give it 30min more [then it's family time!]
Someone please explain why a policeman is better off patrolling on a Segway rather than walking? Seems like a waste of $...?
A site where write about Tech news, tutorials,reviews and more.. mostly apple
#Diabetes When Men Get Rheumatoid Arthritis For men, a rheumatoid arthritis diagnosis tends to come later than in women if men downplay or
Jackson:BARK:SQUIRREL! I will take you out - and I don't mean on a date!
I Don't Think A Grown Ass Man Should Use the Letter "K" to another Man in a Text
Auto voting down the people that drop 100 N-bombs in the first 5 seconds of their song ... and there are many that do. Be better than that.
loving listening to & , your both amazingg<33
Thanks so much Katie!!!
This man either dont know how to use a condom or pull out...one of the 2
#shoutout to follow
Looking forward to Oklahoma City takin that 2-0 lead tonight!
a teenager is someone who complains there is nothing to do and then stays out all night doing it
Thankx for all the hate cause it shows on ya ugly fuxxin face biotch!!!!
ice it! Feel better:)
One life. Live it.
Just finished part 1 of Time and the Rani. Actually, it isn't as bad as some people say it is. On to part 2
unified communications conferencing
yeah, you bad
My child & my responsibility, not no one else
ever feel like your job is shouting 'get the fuck out!"?
I like the U. But today, I have to support my boy Let's go
Sacrifice your body
Nice! George was confused for the first 24 hours or so too -- anthropomorphism at work!
Love the Houghton Library's digital facsimiles! So many beautiful book bindings and so little time!
Digital Learning Day on February 1st would be a great topic!
Our Hero makes a living off that "little bit more."
It's a great day for a smoothie! Enjoy!
We almost got in an accident. I'm really happy this bus driver is better than the last one we had.
Jessica doesn't seem to be connecting with her songs tonight...love this song by Aerosmith, but not her singing it...
#1 thing I learned at stripper class last night w/ : "The girl who cleans the pole before she gets on is probably not good"
#FF Follow the yellow brick road , er.., or these guys!
Yeah, those things are pretty small.
I love the second generation skins.
LOLOLOL. Media History professor compared Steve Jobs' personal hell to being snared eternally in the motherboard of a PC. #toosoon?
Watching the bulls game in Wrigleyville during a cubs game
smokin high country barley ; )
I apologize for my weakness. Sorry, father. I have sinned.
"Really good fictions... both depict this world and illuminate the possibilities for being alive and human in it." (David Foster Wallace)
Nearing end of Week 1 - $1985 raised! Can we get to $2500 by Mon morn? $1 gets u sneak peek & #FREE #MP3. bit.ly/pLUlIO
Love the streaks of light shining on Obama. Looks like God is shining down on him.
Your welcome.. We shall chat soon!
Jimmy Eat World coming up soon at Center Stage in Atlanta! Come on down!
wat up fool
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
I love talking to my girls!
is anyone else that uses LibGuides having trouble with their syndetics book cover images???
There is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy
I'm not arguing. I'm mentally abusing a lil niqqa lol.
#Nw Adventure Time 
I hope everyone thinks about the poor, the downtrodden and the underprivileged at this holiday tiem. Give as much as you can to help them
Yes im high for the rest of my life lmao RT : she get a bunch of money spends it all on drugs lol
no idea, falling apart :( Ribs out of place? Geeze!!!! How are you?
you got it!!
That's what we love to hear! So happy you had a great treatment.
do you play pick up basketball?
I'd die if that became a #TT(x
to psych myself up and convince myself it's not a complete waste of time.
You were awesome tonight. Did you notice one of your biggest supporters giving you a standing ovation?
People barley started testing we just got out!:))
too many cops... not enough middle fingers...
lol I didn't know you were goin too, I mean personally I wouldn't but depending on what you do with it, it could be cool
lets do it
why aren't Ark games on XM radio like the other SEC schools? Frustrating for those of us outside of the state.
RT : I remember my elementary school library being so big. Like it was an adventure looking through all the aisles.
My friends came and visited me at work!
Happy Birthday It seems all the coolest people have birthdays today.
Email me for the best offer available in the game!
the past is only the future with the lights on...#+44
i will follow all you on a diff. account <3
it's a good thing we got iPhones now though, glad to be in the future lmao 😄
looks delicious. Did someone else order that for you? Like by mistake? :-)
Preach! RT : The grass may be greener on the other side, but its still as hard to cut. ~Will Smith
Ditto to Pine's faction! I've also wished to be as candid as the Candor.
Didn't see it but OK, thanks! Will track him down.
The way I see it, friends are a lot like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real & some are fake.
We never really grow up. We just learn how to act in public.
**** SADDLE UP * HOMES FOR HORSES *** HENDERSON-SOUTH - Nevada 702-518-6567
i'm more into alternative rock, rock, punk, and screamo or anything acoustic really
Forgot my lunch today - anyone want to grab something at Circle Centre or the City Market?
Chapter 2012 Page 122 Starting Today...I'm putting my body, mind & spirit under Protective Custody!
Any real-time data on ticket prices for the Penn State/Nebraska game this weekend?
Another day of photoshop! San Francisco commercial photographer Napa wedding silicon valley siliconvalley bay area Palo
Creating the Perfect Facebook Campaign next
i need El rodeo, lets go
Let's go Boston.
It was an absolute pleasure meeting you today - so inspiring! I truly hope we have a chance to work together soon! x
thanks for the kind word of encouragement. i think they hand out bonnets instead of medals at the end.
RT : Bike to Work May 14 through 18; Join the Community Ride May 19: The ever-popular Bike-to-Work Week is a couple w......
!!!!!!!RT !!! RT : I been SINGLE for awhile na. But i juss feel like GOD saving me for somebody special !
Only 5 more weeks til the 2010 Yale Publishing Course! What's the one biggest thing you hope to accomplish?
It's not the broken dreams that break us, it's the ones we don't dare to dream.
I hate country music.
hahahaha so true
nevermind, just saw the pg/FRONT COURT part
received two 100% opposing signs from nature in a span of minutes. reminded me of various instances i've had with women in my life.
Sketching with today has left me as sketching should, rung out like a wet rag. Early bedtime!
Who wants a free donut?
girl that would be you, but I'm still deciding if I'm even going or not
Great book!
I'm not sure if I can handle seeing the ratchet girls at shs for too much longer...
About to be on We'll be talking about pension reform, SD County food stamps enrollment and SD's homeless stundets.
What Perry and others films do show is we can stop being hired and r able to create and hire our own. Entrepreneurship
Each girl has that 1 boy that they will never lose feelings for <3 rip brian forever young
Tonite in Garden City Michigan come see the E.VA. Pro Fam and the hottest artist ok nMichigan kill the stage.Wet Tshirt contest at midnite!
ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! NEVERSAYNEVER?
... and lowers rookie grilling stress! :-)
Haha, dude come back to the city and we'll keep it going.
New Game Plan: Stop thinking like a poor person.
Possibly this week, a final decision had not been made when I left last night. I'll announce it as soon as I know.
A vet friend invited me today to all-day production of The Great Game-incredible series of plays about Afghanistan.
Well finished the Mini without stopping and cut about 10 minutes off my time from last year
I'm trying to work! I blame Leesa. RT : you people have issues lol
thanks for the RT !
now u know how I felt when people called me a Juice hater lmao
Who could forget the Ebony/Ivory duo tracking him with raucous giggles and obvious staring?
RT : Hey #travel and #tourism friends, check out the #travelcom hashtag for interesting stats, etc from conference
Dear God , I Wanna Take A Minute Not To ak For Anything From You , But Simply To Say Thank You For All I Have[':<3
Me: You dont know who Jerry is?? Mom: I guess i dont... Me: He gets people pregnant..Mom:..... Me: Its Justins penis mother lol... Mom: :|
what was the explanation?
I was SO nervous! It was the second story I ever wrote that got published, and there I was. Now I'm an old (yes, old) pro....
RT'd a dick onto my timeline and I'm OK with it
you are a joke ross, you are the B!! loser
Laurel Bellows, incoming prez, w/incredibe, impassioned plea at ABA Ent/Sports Symposium for #attorneys to help end modern slavery.
Rochester, NY!! It's totally hoppin'. And there are lots of us gays here, so you'd have a big crowd :)
I know i'm so sad! i came around 3:00 but i din't get anything answered it was going to end by the time i came. oh well!
RT : #ThankfulTuesday.. Thanks to random new followers:
RT : Dear Lord today, OPEN my eyes to see you, my heart to feel you, my ears to hear you and my hands to receive from you!
Girl I want you to know you make my heart and soul go La-di-da-di-do oh I love you.
Are You Mad Because iDont Like You ?
"I've been looking for someone like you."
RT : My pleasure! Just keep up the good work
very cool.
RT : The US bid to host the 2018/2022 FIFA World Cup. Get the latest from twitter Follow them.
Exciting news! The San Diego County Bar Association rated me "well qualified" (highest rating of the three possible ratings) to be judge.
Those were happy days
#KimJongIl is dead. Speaking of censorship...Were 2 laws away from becoming North Korea.
Thx for the follow. I will check out your books. Sounds like man fantasy.
Damn, I honestly didn't think i had it in me. But Clearly i do have 1 fuck to give
T4: I think for a majority of the people who need health information, it is left to the public health department to provide info.
can't take all the credit for the Clash reference!
Kinda looking for "geeky" solutions to the kid pick up thing: Using google docs to communicate who's car is here?
@ the Kabbalah Center in Laguna beach
No news yet - stay tuned
likewise... 1st day of school.....
aww me too
RT : RT Good peer pressure definitely helps. My husband, son and I exercise together...makes it much easier
What is love?
i find it so funny how it's STILL awkward between us.
And all of our database access is down. Hopefully gets Aleph back up soon
ha! I'll pass it along
1961 Mazda unveils the new rotary engine and made its debut in the 1967 Cosmo Sport
I've Texted You More Than That And You Never Respond To Me!!!
I don't remember leaving studio last night.
RT "the Paradise is at the feet of the mother." - Muhammad ibn Abdullah wa Amina (SAAW)
Maybe this will keep him out of theatre forever, now that he has found an alternate, more lucrative career
Good weed and cold drinks thats the motha fuckin recipe
If shooting yourself was fashionable, I'm willing to bet teen suicide would be at a new high. It's very sad.
me, too. So much more expensive to live here than other places I have lived.
Then Mitt just stands there as Congress chants "CHOKE! CHOKE! CHOKE!" Then he walks off all upset.
RT from Iran: Peaceful protest concludes in #Tehran; hundreds of thousands wore black, held candles
Thank You to everyone that wished me a Happy Birthday, iloveU all!! Only 27 more mins left & my birthday is over! xoxo<3
Been a hard week for loyal Scapers, but I think you'd be moved by the #'s of players fighting for no RWTing. We wont give up!
My momma always told me and you were alike sqaud living now my brothers gone RIP SLIM DUNCUN!
haha I suppose not. And that sign simply proves it
Ball doesn't lie. Way to go #detroitlions nice INT
Seriously. "Like if you hate abuse :(<3" is stupid. Liking it won't do shit. You wanna stop abuse or some disease, do something about it.
Night My Loves, Tweethearts, Twhorse, Twats! LOVE YOU'S!!❤
If I am not able to go to the Motion City Soundtrack concert in Chicago, I will cut ALL the bitches.
Grammar Gremlins: And you can start off this way
Some poeple do go on too much, but thoughts on Religion, Politics, Culture & such are too important & need to be shared. :)
Looking for parent education in Los Angeles about #autism? Need to develop a relationship with your child? We can help!
leaving Temple Square! I loved it especially the bag pipe player outside :)
I'll be first in line!
Gordon's in nitro. It was done by Sasha. She was great!
LitFuse - Another great meeting with the team at the Seattle Children's Theatre. Narrowing down the direction on this years t-shirt design.
#FreeFriday item of the week? Plaid! We were inspired by Pete's sports coat #MadMen and want to spread the style. Will Clean Plaid 4 Free.
you crack me up!! the way you clown people. :-))
statistically, is every 18 minutes successful or just attempted?
Well, that's kind of the same road, at least the part that floods! :o)
cute cute cuuuuuteeee
Ditto bro RT Thinking about it, I'm pretty honored to still be doing tracks with after almost 10 years.
thxank for coming to the panel hope you found it interesting.
i miss you.
"my tires were stolen by street youths"
Listening to Dr. Schlenker, medical dir of SA Metro Health about what preemies face in their early days.
A lot of tweets sound like confessions
My shoulder is killing me..
yea, just started yesterday
Shopping with today! The boys better be worried!
Help us help YOU! What do other dating services have (or lack) that you look for?
Set an intention and you are at the cause of its fulfillment. Have an expectation and you are at the effect of what remains unfulfilled.
"Last night was messed up". What happened? I'm texting you.
Where is this right person? Well, there will never be the right person because of our ever-changing expectations
IM PERFORMING AT DIFFERENT COMEDY SHOWS ALL OVER FOR INFO JUST HIT MY BOX OR JOIN MY FB FOR WALL POSTED INFO ABOUT UP COMING GIGS AND MORE
What about marsupials?
Hey, we don't talk any more. We need to talk soon. Or I would have not talked to my twin for almost half a month D:
Did you know the PDX Metro ReStores keep millions and millions and millions and millions of pounds out of the landfill each year?
I've got to say that I'm kind of in love with you guys. Your website is so easy to use and you have a huge selection!
It took, hm about a year! I can't remember when I joined, I think it was January! But I'm not sure. Thanks and....
Hugging and holding hands is enough for me(: just your presence makes me happy.
Good luck ! Kick butt at that Bucks workout!
Always search for something good to say about another even if all they search for is bad about you.
Great job at representing the Senior class today everyone! You really kicked ass! We'll take the Spirit Stick next Pep Rally!
Those Knicks are pretty good.
Find out who is pregnant at the Oregon Zoo, at 6!
you called me and thought I was your mom?
Guess what we're brewing today? Green Bike Espresso Blend! Super as a regular coffee, too!
lmfao! sure, i'll be friends with you again x)
I hope everyone had a great tuesday!
Mark Teixeira answers the boos in the crowd with the a homerun to put the #Yankees up 7-5.
Lost my printer, computer, net connector box..got halfway through a script w/o technology..though I don't use it to write anyway..:)
We'll be in at 6:30! Should be a delicious meal and we're looking forward to celebrating over good food!
good luck!
We want more shows. Book us.
I gotta thang 4 ya , baby you know, dnt wanna take it slow i wanna get to know ya. dnt wanna play no games listen to what im sayin.
There's just something about you..
Tommy John
"An apology doesn't fix a broken heart."
funny one!
Live music keeps the globe turning! Get out & support it. It's ALL around you...
Ready for the holidays? You have until December 19th to order your goodies from #WklessEvolution & STILL get them in time for Christmas!
#elvisfan, we're gearing up to hit the road soon, and we want you to goin the crew.. sign up for the mailing list to get updates and info
Lol misltoes >.> Just cause I'm standing under a little bush with a bow on it doesnt mean I have to kiss you x3
“: sure has. But she some timing it's to be expected” nope not gunna say it(In my k.hart white boy voice) lol
So ready to go from church im just here hungry and sleep bound
Lakin strikes out 2 in first, but he's already 2 behind Brown. Yep, he struck out 4 in the first. 0-0 after 1
RT : #preemiechat on Thursday, May 3 at 1pm. Join us and tell your story.
Nutritional Labeling Now Required On Meats And Poultry
Well, I'm interested in sociology of cities - thanks for mini review.
King James u single handedly made it an close game, Tx 4 the excitement !
better when I catch up with u babe
when will you be back in town
wake n bake
Show tonight Doors open at 6:30, our set starts at 7:45.
I agree. I think the cycle guys or the magician should be in his place.
+1 RT : About to be on the #cuj13 panel for full time ms students. Ask me your questions new students!
I only loose my sense of direction coming out of subway tunnels. It's like the ground interrupts my internal compass.
I LOVE YOU TOO. <3
Emerald, Jade, Montana, Chet
thanks for sitting with me tonight _/l\_
I swear someone is watching me right now
When people say mean things to u U know that below their words is a lot of pain. Send them love. It has nothing to do w/u
Why are grown men wearing denim overalls in my neighborhood?
Routines, for better or worse, are a CHOICE... Choose Change!! Choice defines who you are. BE CHOOSEY.
I'm kinda mad they canceled MIOBI. I actually liked that show. They couldn't have waited for the actual season be over.
Aha , i know B jst didnt pop his ugly self on my bed ! # Get out , hmph(:
The journey of making documentary film with ten years in the making.
2 more Avatars and now Transformers 4? I guess I'll just have to root for the end of the World. Please stop making these SHITTY FILMS!
I'd rather lose an argument to you, than lose you to an argument.
sack of love. I couldn't have said it better.
RT : Please be sure to join us tomorrow at 5:30 PM EDT for #TTOT - Travel Talk on Twitter. Topic is 'Sustainable Travel'!
like some new bands like five finger death punch and killswitch engage....but old school like slayer and Pantera is better :-)
had the best halloween weekend possible.... madison you are a true college party town. and i turn 20 today as well!! :)
#CanIBeHonestWithYou Omg I almost cried when they said I was Co-Chair Of Youth United Way :-)
Loving my new gym! Heading out for a dance-based workout!
YOU THINK I GIVE A FUCK WHAT OTHER NIGGAS THINK??? MAKE ANOTHER STACK EVERY TIME NIGGA BLINK
When conditioning actually starts to get easier ..
thanks and we never get enough mom/sausage jokes.
“: just tapped the first keg of Sorachi Ace in Pittsburgh.”. Just in time for
Not that I'm lazy and I know I'd get bored but a summer of no work sounds awesome right now.
Great! RT : The #Buccaneers signed Eric LeGrand, who was playing for Greg Schiano at Rutgers when he was paralyzed in 2010.
She's not a Zac twitter but please wish my friend a happy birthday! It would make her life!
The scumbag owner sells Pink Floyd LPs at 85 a pop, claiming "special UK pressing, super rare"
Great guess, our sources say 70% & India! Amazing isn't it?
re: last tweet, these 8 proposed debates would be in addition to traditional Fall debates
Reuniting with after a month. Welcome home roomie!
A1: I'm going to go with interpersonal skills. #Preservation projects always require dealing w/ lots of different people.
The Ending of the New Girl finale was amazing!
Sick verse Copy...thanks for sharing this
see you at the show :)
Wow congrats!! You're married?
Have a good trip to Europe next week! :D
HEADLESS GUNS featuring members of GROOVESECT and Casey Robinson at MCNULTY'S BITTER END 5pm tonight!! NO COVER!
wrote 20 pages yesterday! Hopefully another productive day on my #screenplay! Happy writing fellow screenwriters!
Happy Thanksgiving! Family, Friends, and Food
Reason 15 to love the BBA: We haven’t fully been discovered. We are one of Portland’s best kept secrets.
yes, cook on low and reduce until thick!
me too!!
Happy Mothers Day, all.
I dream everyday about the day Kendall sings Cover Girl to me
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free
The avocado fries and the salmon small bite are both amazing!
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
Thanks for sharing the article. Do you have an English version?
they're not all they're cracked up to be. but I do love them anyway.
,im fine
Happy birthday ! I hope you have an amazing day! xx <3
This Mike Epps: live from Club Nokia is funny ass hell...lol!
Other than Austin and Paea nobody jumps off (to me) the rd 2 board at DT. If both those guys are gone, where do you look?
pretty well, ended up at A's for a tenderloin sandwich. Titletown brewery was closed unfortunately
cool. Shoot me an email
$25 gets you $50 worth of services at Epic MedSpa! Head to www.crowdclick.com to get the deal!
I watched a video of you on youtube and you are such a sweet person! That just makes me like you more (: reply please ?
Toronto? Couldn't go to Alaska?...lol.
UK baseball in the latest polls: Collegiate Baseball - #3, Baseball America - #3, USA Today/ESPN Coaches -
i would always bring my needs to
Watch for the new mixtape "Sprinkle of Greatness" Coming in Jan '12. With Tex killin it on every track! Free Tex! Free Tex!
Thank you for having me on the show!
When did we get this amazing defender #13, looks like his name is Jewsbury? Captain playing D with some passion tonight!
Writing up documentation for the new adaptive learning tool coming in the next release of our ELIS plug-in for Moodle.
Ppl really take my kindness for granted bc tht kindness can quickly turn to bitchness
Stop playing and take dis pussy
My tweets that get sent to my phone are delayed
: Indeed :) Had a blast!
i fall again and again but You whisper, "you're still Mine." <3
I am a proud alum!
Hope you feel better, Kimmy!
The things I do for my library customers...currently putting together a Pinterest board of readalikes for "50 Shades of Grey".
Way too many haters. Get a life.
Methinks Drew Stanton isn't a happy camper right now.
Hi Kate, my name is Freddie Ross. I miss you on your show :) I saw you got a new job I'm in the airforce! Keep going strong!
Whatever is achieved must be achieved with the full exercise of passion, of vision, of pain, of fear, and of sorrow
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER:
It's a pain. Could always be worse!
thanks babe!
Thanks for letting me know I'l check it out!
when you start laughing outloud while grading papers, perhaps its time for a break?
im devastated to say that they moved out with a roommate.i`d love to hear them again myself.
We've all been there.
has not been the same w/out ya!
Master Tanner, you just made your national TV debute on Fox.
Winterize Your Skin Routine w/ Skincueticals Emollience moisturizer. Formulated w/ an exclusive selection of nat. extracts & oils!
Great to have you on the Evolv Team!
RT : - yet another reason why #socialmedia rocks!
Oh yeah. I need to be up at 6am tomorrow.
Been at UIW since 7:30am, waiting to take the THEA test, & we still have not started!!!
nope, but it did come with a moon roof!
yaaaay!!! I'm so excited u r here!! Can't wait till next Tuesday!!! Yippee!!! Have a blast in Perth tonight!!
haha your dumb!
Now show me how to work this thing! And let's go to class! :)
can you tell me their setlist if you remember?!?!?!
If it's on the internet, it must be true.
She is snappin'
Damn bitter Betty! Although you speak the truth.
Who are we seeing THIS thursday at Honor Society's Chicago show?
Nothing like a beermosa from to wake you up!!
i miss my sistadaaaahh ima move to atlanta so u can have 2 calebs lol
Starting to rain as guests and nominees arrive for the Beard awards
Best of luck with your blog!
PSA: It's my first day in shorts for 8 months. If you plan to see me, be certain to have sunglasses nearby.
how to get elbow room in crowded Trader Joes aisles: sing along loudly to "paint it black." worked for me!
Far better addiction than many things; Balance is a key, You know that; Thanks!
Is there anything better than a Saturday morning with coffee, tunes and in 1st place?
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
Remember to tune in on HUMP DAY..to listen to D*CK Interactive LIVE at 1pm!!! Suggestions and topics are welcomed by everyone! XOXO
I'd really like this week to be over.
guess I'll watch netflix
Tonight at 10&11 hear from a Wilsonville man who chased down a suspected bank robber. It's a pretty wild tale.
#ThingsIHate When people ask you a question, but won't shut up long enough to hear the answer
♥ Strangers think I'm quiet, my friends think I'm outgoing and my best friends think I'm insane. ♥
Funny, it all started after Hitchcock replaced Elliott in the midst of his shutout streak.
LOL...tremendo workout! :) RT : came into the gym with straight hair... Leaving with curly hair.
how is it that ilm feeling intense nastalgia at someone elses 10 year college reunion?
Please welcome AntoniousDLee to the Max life
what are you doing in #houston ?? #rodeo ?
Thanks Maurice for the many smiles. RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83.
That ensures me that I'm still high I'm not mad or freakin out that my screen is cracked
Between buzzed and fucked up, there's high, and that's where we should all strive to be.
Happy Caveman: Which Animals Are You Trading in Zoo World?
wats wrong? why do u feel crappy??? <3 love yew <3 :)
Taylor clark is a real friend he has helped me a lot I just wish I could get him off drugs
hello from Manila, Philippines.
Please pass our thanks to him for his heroism and an early 'Happy Birthday.'. You must be so proud of him.
Modern Family marathon! Anyone else a fan?
If Roberto Hernandez gets to pitch for the #Indians this year, he's got to be the favorite for Rookie of the Year.
#PFPayphone My band will soon be covering this
Gluten-free, sugar-free, vegan chocolate, vanilla, coconut, mocha and red velvet cupcakes today.
Hey remember that one time you dumped popcorn all over me?
: Thx for Twit-troduction™ to Could come in handy should #NABShow eves get festive!
ME AND MY SISTER HAVE BEEN SINGING 99 PROBLEMS ALL DAY BUT NOW...WTF TONY LUCCA.
we were just talking about u a few days ago
i think that was called 30 Days.
Faithy- Dj Alex Alex in the mix Claudette-Dj C C C C Cuff Your Chick William-Dj Ill Will Ivana-Dj Cuff Your Chick's WIFEY
Oh you never disappoint me
Woodson is TIGHT!!!
When u tell yourself "go to bed now" but u keep checking up on twitter or espn
Script writing in the computer lab. Headshots are being taken outside =)
We now have over 4000 registered users on Blogs@ Baruch.
unless u speak the rights words mate
sure thing ! And thanks (:
Join the tomorrow from 6:30-8:30pm for a "Know Your Credit" seminar at GWUL Headquarters.
I haven't been this sore in a LONG time.
My Head
My office mate bought three or four pairs of those.
Thanks for the RT Will!
Sends a terrible message to the masses & clearly puts extra weight on who I personally think is an attractive, funny guy.
#FF>Also just sayin' ROCKS! Other rocking folks to follow:
aw thank u so much <3
LAUSD final redistricting meeting for Fri 4/20- CANCELLED. will update u with the new date and time.
#thatakwardmomentwhen Dale tells a gay supporter he would beat his sons ass if he was gay.
What Would You Do on is good 2nt...an unemployed man on disability refused to accept $ from a fraudulent lotto ticket
"Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth." Franklin D. Roosevelt
Come down to Time Out tonight! Live music and 2-4-1 deals! Chris Kohn and Big John gonna rock it out. See ya there!!! 8-11pm
Big break Atlantis!!! :) ⛳
Oh! Special treat! I just got a new clicker/laser pointer thingy for my event. It has a built in timer with vibr alerts. That is awesome!
Lol if you for real bruh, later on this week
I wish the barista could (or would) add whiskey to my coffee. That sounds nice today.
Good Afternoon my Angels! <3
(not a spoiler)
you don't get along with Nowak.....he'll trade you
Ready to get it in with and Dark Matter tonight at The 12 Bar for the FQF After Party...get in there!!
yeah, especially fine mexican girl ... m lol
In need of some entertainment
who's the new boy and why shouldn't you like him?
Hey Fellas.. If yo Kid comes out Retarded, its your Fault. Shoulda Jacked-Off before Sex and used Fresh Sperm!
By the way, the reason you don't let Chicago HS coaches dictate your coach choice is b/c then you're beholden to them.
Red Sox signed Mark Pryor?? Really?
from Buju to Yuby...he's your lawyer...David Oscar, keep on w/ the "Good Fight"! Love the passion. THANK YOU! 4 what you do.~Selah
We checked into that option... we'll check again! Thanks!!!
Lhdab , igaf who tany talk to cs ether way wen Yung call his ass he a come runin a bitch can't take him from me unless I give em to ha
Bad Bitch Party tonight don't froget
why does everyone say that?!
Missing someone isn't about how long it's been since you've seen them last or the amount of time since you've talked. 1/2
my twitter is all kinds of fucked up right now
what a day in LA. So excited for
It's crazy! I was just watching an old recording or a "So What" performance and John's Coltranes solo is a masterpiece.
Two exciting games today #FIN v #CAN (Grp H) and #RUS v #SWE (both undefeated in Grp S)
Hope #BlackFriday didn't wear you out – there's still #smallbusinesssaturday tomorrow!
Biographer Martin Gilbert: In May 1952 "All public talk of Churchill's early resignation had been put aside."
so? That was th pasted. Ok? Think about your future. Think about your family!
RT Here's a storify of last night's talk
dude, you're so lazy. I got you on beer and shit if you get down here. swear
good luck with that :) cc
Getting ready for class
let me get up and do my hair before work
would I joke about something like that?
We are on the scene!
But you went away, how dare you. I miss you.
I like it better when you dont talk.
#Best don't get me started ha!
Let's not sign McCain up for sainthood yet. He corrected 1 loco lady 1 time, but his campaign & VP made this shit their bread & butter.
Congratulations! You always create drama out of absolutely nothing.
We've heard a lot about you. What's our favorite app these days?
dude, you gotta print some more purp scurp shirts for all of us skoners dude. Stay puffy blazed dude
that's alotta ribbon belts and boat shoes!
The next misses twatchin
I need some rice cakes
So much respect for Pat Tillman
that's my favorite so far!
i figured that. Thx again.
Car accident? Turn a bad situation into a good one. Call 1 888 The Check and get up to $10k the same day.
Ah I see, so now you're saying having a uterus is a condition of marriage - so lesbians are ok?
#AintNothingLike waking from a loonnnggg night to some pancakes, eggs and bacon YUM
I think that's different. Getting employees in the mind set to entertain and satisfy guests are traits to be used anywhere.
thanks ! Happy valentines day to also🌹❤
Left my phone home today :/
FUCK THE LAKERS, but & <3 we still coonin heavy when I come to DC though
plenty of cute guys emerging from the elevators lately.
RT : RT : RT : Breaking: U.S. files antitrust lawsuit against Apple, publishers over e-book pricing.
forget that...lol
hm...unfort not, but we will get it online over the weekend. Brunch runs sat. from 8 till 11
The bird outside my window has logged at least 2,000 tweets today alone and it's only 2PM.
was watchin' Preachers Kid......i feel bad for all those who feel like that movie; going to New York this saturday>>>>
HIV infections are on the rise for gay and bi-sexual men, get yourself tested for HIV.
CHI or DIE!!!
watching two lesbians feed eachother cotton candy on the train is a lot worse than it sounds ..i do not wish this on anyones eyes
It was really good. Ready for Spring Training now.
My little guy has a fever...poor baby.
Be Bold and Beautiful with Goldilox Hair House 707 Classic line of Hair extensions/weaves!
I found a site for you. I put it on diigo. Wasn't sure how to get it here!
#Gemini is an immense resource for the latest news (and gossip) in any industry but guard ur secrets carefully or you may find them tweeted
Bahaha and banter in Italian accents was just the best!!
I love getting home from work and having to be up at 615. #itsmyfavorite #imaliar cc
Really love those cups you guys have. Can't wait to taste the actual coffee.
Who's looking to go to 412 Fest? We've got some but don't wait, the shows are in 2 weeks!
More great times to come Orlando!
me 2 why u sad
Time for me to go nite nite so gnite
No. I just, no. I never watched it when I was little, but I still don't think I would've fallen for it. Haha
congrats on your decision. Excited to see!
Idol predictions? Mine is Tim is going home.
Around the #SPM Lounge? Join & in a brainstorming session on the finer points of a car wrap for
Umm did they not let Alicia Keys change out of her costume from Star Trek before her performance
Hello! I'm pretty good. Taking it light, there's always work, so I'm pacing it. and watching LOT of YouTube haha
somebody jacked my texas rangers slippers
the league wudn't suspend him for a Thurs nite gm RT : Do u agree with the #NFL's decision to not suspend Andre Johnson?
o.k., keep me informed of your progress
Noo he switched back to the clear mask! Super hero powers, no more... still gotta get one and rock it
Holy... Asdfghjkl... Omg he looks so hot oaiseudjyhreduwsikdxb
I hate traffic. i wish my car had wings so i can fly over it
I have not listened to the Wrings. Good huh? I'll have to check them out, thanks!
ya i heard it was evil we didnt get brownies :(
Working on the Celebrity Spouses Trading Card Series...
Now WHAT am I supposed to do with winter '10 tv Mondays? Guess I'll be catching some of my faves on
Over/under # of bomb threats at Pitt this semester or total # of runs for Pirates this season. Which will b higher #?
More $ from reforms to SAFE, affordable housing and dedicating open space. Just a few of our Fed and State Leg...
ChIlLn HeR WiTh Da FaM AnD HeR WaCtHiNg Tv AnD SaMaNtHa jUsT LeFt ThE HoUsE.
not trying to rush you guys but we need the blurb emailed to us by this friday (5/6) if you still want to be featured.
pityful stuff dude. Really ticks me off what some people are doing.
black card has perks like free airline tix for companion.. High end stores and hotel discounts.
yes, I have been working at a winter shelter for the homeless that kept me buzzy!
damn mother nature lol
Two years with my baby, in so glad I have you 😘
don't you?
A big #FF to some interactive tweeps!
Whats this mean for the 49ers now that Smith is looking elsewhere?
better to be broke with God in your heart, that rich and lost.....some of you will never understand that
RT : "don't raise your voice, improve your argument." Desmond Tutu's father RT
Happy BIRTHDAY !!!! It's very special being a Sagittarius!!!
#UHsb Sarah Robinson hits a Sac fly & Rainbow Wahine take a 1-0 lead over #SJSU end of 2nd - #WAC Tournament
he shouldn't watch. Along with Darron Thomas.
#Pow RT : ": The slogan for today is! Boston Sucks!! Let's Go Yankess!!" #Always. :)
I'm on my oldschool swag Adidas on every tag .
Anthony Davis
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA I hope it was a bunch of naked hoes
Indiana gone win this series
REMEMBER TO WEAR YOUR WHITE T-SHIRTS AT THE RALLY TODAY!
I'm a little hungry today hm.... What to eat<3
LUCKY.!!! i dreamed a turkey was going to eat me.!! :o
Pacific Division dominance! No, seriously.
smdh..never in history..lol I talked to him earlier ..we might chill in a hour or so idk..I wanna lay in the bed al day
Confucius say good day must be celebrated
I wnder how weird he felt when i just stood there&stared at him&didnt tlk cldnt help it he makes me speechles..Thts hard2do wit my big mouth
#AGirlDeserves ALL of your attention. Dont get into a relationship & think that you can talk to her on your time, be available ALL THE TIME.
i found something to make me laugh. Eastbound & down, 2nd season. KP makes me laugh everytime : ) Ty
Right now, I have 2 questions about this generation's sales. 1) Can Wii reach 100M? (Currently around 96M) 2) Can the PS3 catch the X360?
Thanks to all for participating in my #giveaway! I am in Brazil right now working on new pieces but will be back with pics and blog posts!
All I do is work. Hopefully it pays off.
I hope all the moms out there have had a blessed Mother's Day! :)
you scared us for a minute, we thought you meant OUR Evan :P
When i go to the mexican store with my nanny to get tacos and her and all them are talking in spanish <<
James Thurber~ The only rules comedy can tolerate are those of taste and the only limitations those of libel.
yeah only like 7 or 8 more days :( This summers gone by way to fast :/
KristinaCraig I just watched a documentary about tattoos - I don't have any (yet) - do you?? What an incredible artform!
Another night...getcha rest babe
come over
Going shoppin for bathing suits with mom :-P
Thanks so much for sharing!
Some people sweat like it's sex and some people sweat like it smells.
a quick shout out Inception Fitness. Good luck w/Grand Opening tomorrow from 10 am to 2:30 in Scottsdale, AZ
We should have a contest for free tickets, yes? We have winners to choose also. Two tickets to Sugarland on Aug 25th? Sound good to y'all?
everyone should go follow
HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY !!(: <3 Today you should get a sub and put birthday candels in it because todays #NSD! <33333
I LOVE HIM¡ IS SO CUTE, I'LL EAT HIM BY KISSES (;
Watch tonight at 9PM pst for The Future On TV and
I now have an incredible craving for Fatburger. The closest location appears to be near Baltimore. :P
trying a new hair color. :o
Red is our color #YEE is our word Subway is our kingdom And
2 missed chances for Bay!
that's what I'm saying.. Lol
Im so bored right now
BlackBerries Get SlingPlayer Mobile Beta Today
right?? haha paytons so lucky to be friends with him D: *le cries*
Look, another penalty...
you are too sweet--missed you bunches and can't wait for our reunion! When??
Phoenix, Arizona......Global Rally in August 2012...!!!!! This is going to be a GREAT year with FLP (Forever Living Products)...!
Hey I'm not slow, my name is Joey hehe!
not a lot. Cuddles decided to end hi training ride early.
there are so many people who i would find so much prettier if i had never gotten to know them.
Just found out my foot is the same size as my coworkers hand.
Thank you for the follow, Samir
despises shady people
awe u miss me
Give me Everythig tonight! For all we know we might not get tomorrow ! Get Somebody sexy say Hey! Lol
Hey restaurant types! Industry night this evening at the Scholars Inn--all restaurant types receive full employee discount! See you there.
new vlog might be uploading tonight on my youtube channel, AmericanGirl98100, but most likely tomorrow.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!<3
The National Institute of Health estimates that 8 million Americans have a high risk of developing advanced Macular Degeneration.
Mark Bruhy gave tonight's Charles E. Brown lecture about Archibald Lake Mounds, an Oneota site in northern Wisconsin
"is" a Horcrux!
Darn Real loses on penalty kicks! Can you believe this ? Haha
What goes around comes back around.... <3 I wouldnt have this tattoo if i didn't believe in karma.
Haven't been on here for a long time...
spam!! Reporting!
thanks for the follow man bruh. where are you out of?
Lion, for sure. Problem in the past has been, sometimes they look like lions and turn out to be ocelots.
Metta Wold Peace elbow was just ridiculous. I'm thinking he gets at least a 5 game suspension.
That moment when you and your bestfriend can say one word, and crack up.
Guess who accidentally bought the habanero instead of regular sauce?
A link Im trying to follow
Yea that's fine!(:
and then i got icing on my glasses.
Can't deal with all my brother's bratty friends. I'm getting the hell out of here
hipster librarians unite!
Strawberry cream slush from sonic is a little piece of heaven. 🍓👼
In 2+ years of working full time today is by far the worst/longest day ever
Arizona shooting suspect Jared Loughner found mentally incompetent to stand trial. More at 5:30 on
No I don't. I don't even know you. RT : LMFAO. Cause, Ximena flirts with me, too. xD
definitely not the worst, but it is making reading a much slower process than usual. :)
Thanks so much for #FF. Have a magical weekend:)
Thank you for visiting!
eeekkkk me to!!! Hey will you imessage me? Ive got lots to tell u
Sick and busy - bad combination
Bella you cannot bark when I'm watching a ghost show.
let's get it
prayers & blessings cumin ur way th@ U will bless those who hear you sing :)
Notes have been printed, the "treatise" is cracked open. Two caffeinated beverages are at the ready. Let this final begin.
5) (To another kid): "I'm gonna suicide you!" That's, um, not really how that works. Hilarious! Thanks for making me laugh,
#artwalk in Pioneer Square is a good enough reason for a party... as if any of us need a reason for a party.
I LIKE THE NEW PICTURE very awesome
smiling... Ok
Man, you rocked The Letter Tue. You should come out with a switched-up cover cd after your debut cd! Keep up the great work!
I hate make wearing make up, i feel like a clown
Times have changed and we do not need to rely on imported fossil fuels anymore
another cool person
See the chain..Ferrari Boy..
Business love illegal immigrants 1 they pay them less 2 they keep all income tax ,FICA, 3 no health care. If they complain call ICE SWEET!
Taking care of sick wittle girl <3
Out in 16th for a zero dollar score. Aces full on fifth street isn't as good as rivered quads.
you got that right! Including this girl's...heart. (Psshh, get your mind out of the gutter.) ;-)
I didn't have the heart to do that to what is generally considered a fairly reputable news source
Yo my phone screen has pollen on it.
- thanks for the mention!
A SPECIAL SHOUT OUT TO WE SUPPORT YOUR MOVEMENT.. CHECK OUT THE KIDS AT , THEY CAN HELP PROMOTE THE CAUSE.
Sex talk on the back of the bus
waiting 4 my kids to come
Ill be a candle let my self burn, but give light to others :)
thanks guys the music is helping a lot for sure!
#FailedRapperNames Waka Flaka "Hey Im Going To Go See Waka Flaka" Is He A Terrorist?
deal and deal. Hopefully next time you're here I will be directing a video for my new fav. Band "IRL Microwaves"
Thanks for the #FF, Ann!
TGIF!!!! I'm looking forward to a long weekend! What are everyone's plans this weekend?
30 point lead going into the 4th quarter?! What?! THUNDER!! Wish I was in OKC tonight :)
what does #HOP mean?
I feel like i just went 10 rounds with that exam
Kendrick Perkins needs to just go home. That's rough.
WINNER WINNER MUDDY CHICKEN DINNER! geez i gotta stop watching sports center,,,,
what I'm suggesting is worse: you really need to compare subreddits of all *institutions* in SF to compare size to your school
Do you have dysfunctional movement patterns keeping you from being injury free? Ibuprofen will not correct your movement problems.
Sub in anatomy is cray
Agreed! RT Sincerely appreciate how fun my job is. Great people, cutting edge tech, challenging projects. Thank you !
WATCHING KIDS THEN WHO THE HELL KNOWS
Lost my boxing game. wired lol
Thanks, Steve! My peeps got your guest expert call this week. It's so chock full of great info.
Chasing my dream is expensive as fuck
Goodbye Nyc headed to bamboozle now
What a nice nap that was. I'm glad I'm having a normal day like I should be having. :)
I was at Olive Garden the other day and I thought of you....I don't even know if you remember that conversation.
Copyright's "bundle of sticks" Yes!!! RT : F Haber: # of sticks in bundle of copyright? Infinity.
Happy International Women's Day and remember "If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself and make a change"
All this bed is missing is some Tits and Comb! for your health! (and mine)!!!! (Thats her name queers(& steers)!)
I need a 420 break! lol
We are fans..come visit! RT : Just discovered Looks like such a cool place! Would love a staycation there.
Saw Trump's sons pics, the only way to shoot such magnificent animals is with a camera
i'll say it and i'm not afraid, avengers was underwhelming. not better than the dark knight for a superhero film. i'd give it a solid B+
LMFAOOOOOOOOO I LOVE YOU
its easy to hate... haha
Bummer! Maybe K-mart will start selling them!
new lineup picking up speed! can't wait to see you guys at shows! :D
ALMOST the weekend, but just not quite.
Movie with mom and Austin!
umm will pay for you haha
due to the occupy protesters & other ppl protesting NATO. They said red cross and FEMA are on standby to evacuate the entire city
Going back to sleep, it ain't shit else to do. Another shitty weekend, might as well get used to it 😒
Then it's me.
byee BITCH keep swearing I'm out to Hang with my crew that u obvisiouly don't have lmaoo 0.o
#UX is a great metaphor for life: learning about people, constant iteration and adaptation, learning from failure, and moving forward.
Catching up on the last minutes of #TATW :) I'll have to listen to the whole set later bc of work :/
Prayers for . To deal with a lunatic for a sister-in-law takes a lot of strength. Just brush off the haters, girl.
Thank you :-)
thanks for the fantastic customer service at MKE! You have made it easy for this mom & her 2 kids.
me3. Love the linked data issues list so far. Anyone have a transporter?
can it include spreadsheets? Enjoy the rest of the conference!
Glad you enjoyed the rooftop!
Follow me on twitter ! Thanks!!!
Sounds very exciting! However, I am sorry, big kids don't get balloons. :(
Thanx,The Rest Gone Be On My Official Video That's Coming
I always think it's weird when I'm at a coffee shop and I see people who (likely don't know...) have their computers set to share
I need you too...
Why does Blair's hair always look like crap now...
Cardinals all the way. :)
Yea Im taking F&J 12-50 MWF I think
2:30 hurry up I'm ready to go
Warm me up with your lips. Heart to heart, melt me down. It's too cold in this town.
Where is y'all watching this game at?
I am psyched for the all-new episode of #PanAm this Sunday!
awesome, thanks!
Corina mentioned next weekend? How about then?
I'm trying to decide if I should go out for a Girls Night.
Gonna get through tomorrow, and this semester...somehow
Want to learn how to extend #play beyond early childhood AND guide physical #skill development? Next training June 9-10...
What the Internet was *supposed* to be: Editability *IS TO* a word… It's in Wictionary! (Added Apr-08 by user:Interwicket)
RT Doppler 10 Bradley: Scattered Showers Persist Through Weekend. NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you are awesome
also lol history space, trying to map it from anthropology space, but we're notorious flatlanders over here
'When the World says. "Give Up," Hope whispers, "Try It One More Time"
SOLITARY HOUSE by Lynn Shephard great historical mystery
so I hear. word on the yard ! Haha
Nothing pumps me up for a game like a fray song
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
lmaoo you should stay with me !
Haha said he was "DTP - down to pizza" and I was inspired. It sounded like a song! (TTG)
me to lol
what is that, lovebug?
Did this bitch really just spend $5 to upgrade on the train? Difference between business and coach? Free beverage. The math seems off.
oh okay cool cool. I've never see any of those show. My sister is a huge fan.
A.Carter's Heist Society: Original protagonist, witty dialogue, and a climax that is predictable, but rewarding. Worth the read: 4 out of 5.
Residual from having covered NJ, can't help but feel for shore towns this Labor Day wknd.
I think I'm then only person who doesn't like being single 👩🔫 lol
Been moving at 1000 miles a minute all day..the baby said RELAX DAMMIT!! Lol
Nice segment on e-book pricing with ! You made a complicted issue pretty clear.
You guys -- something really exciting just happened. It involves me and a brand new Macbook Pro. Can't wait to tell you what it is.
thank u for following!!!
m hm, Memphis huh, isnt that special.......hehehehehe!
Went to an audition today and the casting director actually commented: You did a great job! Yeah! : )
The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
NBA refs are a straight up conspiracy, b.
one day in his courts.
Asking is the beginning of receiving. Make sure you don't go to the ocean with a teaspoon. At least take a bucket so the kids won't laugh"JR
Awww come meet us we might still be here in a few hours! ;)
just fell online with ur tat lol
Drop off tornado donation items with us at 10th & Walker. Help us help our neighbors! Donations will be taken to
Only 13 more days of #ockermanproblems ): Should I start doing #summer2012problems !?(:
NEW YORK PRO: OPEN CLASS. GET IT
I didn't know you were dating me.
Chief Saunders was part of a filming for Mutual of Omaha's "AHA Moment.
Thank you for the #FF : (Be sure to follow-back)
Roscoe's time!
Heading to The Vintage Brewery for dinner and to pick up roller derby tickets!
Happy Thanksgiving folks! Have a super weekend :)
yes but add a tblsp of flour for every stick PG bierre.
Happy Birthday to one the greatest people in my life ! Two more weeks until we celebrate together!! Have the best day ever! :D
#FF the "I can't believe you just said that" edition.
Learning GREAT networking tips from at !! Thanks so much for all these great tips!
and that degree from Duke! “: I suddenly regret having that data center built in North Carolina.”
I still remember the moment when I saw the video premiere for Vanessa Hudgens' "Sneaker Night" on MTV.
Thanks everyone for returning the favor..You Rock!
actually NCAA has gotten consistently better an better each year. Even to the point that it passed Madden
Thank you, Alice Wolf, champion of children, families and high-quality early education. We will miss you.
epic dance party!
It's #followalibrary day, and there are so many great libraries to choose from! We couldn't live without , for instance.
great point about student involvement!
This bitch gon' have the nerve to tell me to text her and not reply. #BITCHTITS. -__- But it's all good. haha
What's the link?
Get well real quick George Jones.
Let's go thunder!!!
Looking for cool, interactive, grammar stuff online--my guys are tiring of old school workbook exercises. As am I. Any suggestions?
Drake and his new album rock my world so I have no questions why he's the best. Lil wayne is bored for me.
I always think of Gloria Gaynor's version of "I will survive" - Donna Summer is always "Last Dance" for me & McArthur Park
Yu is ridiculous!!!!! That boy is killing it!
R.L. Stine knows this
Avg MD consumer pays $37.50 in hidden bag costs each year. County spends $2.5 million in litter pickup. It adds up!
Got stuff? I collect ___________ (Fill in the Blank).
The New York City subway system, the modern underground railroad.
Damn these electric sex pants!
Seen on a branch stump on my walk today - "Zork (iLived)"
#FeelAlive after a big bong rip.
And that's a wrap folks. Time for a nap.
Any luck with the TestFlight?
What is the deal with China Chow's wardrobe? Is she trying to be Vanna White?
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives-Ronald Reagan
bay am goin to slept. call you when i turn my phone on okay bay love you and slept good tonite dont let da bed bags get you
what about the movie Iron Man? does he have that movie?
No. What guy?
oh, I already knew that Katie. Worms will come out of your eyes tonight!!!!
Everyone be sure to keep an eye out for two mimes at the Capitol building either the 22 or 23
thank you. I will keep that on record.
Even my moms boyfriend told me congratulations. Something my boyfriend couldnt even tell me.
I want to go out!
it comes out to 48 because of the damn shipping... what size shirt you want?
Happy Saturday! What's happening today, MKE?
DAILY TIP: If you play at the lower limits there is no slowplaying. ALWAYS play your cards hard and fast. You NEVER want to give free cards.
Really enjoy your latest posts-- any chance that plane is headed to SoCal? Would like to meet up next time you're in SD or LA, thx!
Amazing day in los angeles..Venice beach anyone? :)
i miss being in berlin and prague :( take me back
Thinking...hmm...so should I quit doing something productive and go play the Fallout 3 DLC Broken Steel hm... I just don't know
caro loved hearing you speak in Francais today to a customer!
Attn ppl of CLE we r going to be hitting up u "famous peeps" for fun interviews as we launch our web series! Also bands and comics
I've wanted to make pho. Found a good veggie recipe - just haven't taken the time to do it yet.
So sweet <33
Law of Momentum:: Keep going & you'll arrive at happy.
thank you
oh nice. It seems incredibly interesting.
Out and about with my looser face :)
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
who's Alejandra???
Holding down the tasting room at Great Lakes Distillery 'til 6. Stop and visit. 1st to mention word "libation" gets a secret preview treat
What makes her think it ok to cut my phone just cause i dont wanna talk or be around her soo rude and inconsiderate
What band is named after a sculpture in Seattle that hums in the wind?
Lunch: liver, sardines, and sauerkraut. "The Fresh Breath Special." Incidentally, this is not a recommendation.
I need a gurl who deserves me
How do I spruce up a medium wood paneled room with linoleum floor? HELP!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 17
so your point is?
When you do more than what you are paid for, you will soon be paid more for what you do.-- Zig Ziglar
thank you booklove. I will read in New York at some point in the next year, perhaps in summer, but I don't know. Inspirations?
got LeRoy Hill a partner in crime... Literally .... Hide ya' kids, hide ya' wife
You didn't hear it here, but it's an incredible drug album. The Dead for downtown.
I love glee!!
Help us think of song titles! If you don't, we'll end up with names like "poop on a stick" or "heart of a hipster"
It's crazy how I was born on leap year
The most provocative name in fitness... -MindFirstFitness
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo white women
Then gear up for my move in June/July. ;)
have a good trip and see you next year( just keeping in touch, might be in LA soon)
Who's ready to work?! Get your asses up and get to the gym! Happy Monday everyone! Start this week off right and CRUSH today's workout!
Happy Birthday to at GraphicLab Design very own Rob Jones! We all wish you a great night with friends and excellent New Year brotha!
call me hoe
happy new year to you too and god bless you and your music!
Some hot man just sucked off all my lip inflation....
Whenever possible, walk barefoot: it stimulates the foot reflexes, thereby stimulating the energy flow in the whole body...
Every tour!
AW SHIT #OKEGIRLZ TAKING OVER MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND IN DA CHI! 5/24 RED CAFE WIT "MY ARTIST" @ HAROLD WASHINGTON
Thank you for thinking me "stylish." Now when I hear the words "good taste" I will think of you.
Well...1:46 to go..let's see it
It's almost January and we are going to be in the 60's here in Kansas!? HOLLA! Be jealous friends in Indiana... Shut it friends in Cali ;)
I am going to look. Want to keep in touch.
not starting out as good mothers day!!!! I don't get the point of this day....
I should be in class:) this is what show week does RT : Where I should be - at work. Where I really am - in bed.
BOOM CHICKA WOW WOW
Come visit man RT : wish I lived in Vegas
good fuckin point
Why do I always cry when I watch "The Last Song" 😢 kills it in this movie!!! AMAZING!!!
Maid of Honours, how about treating your Bride to a day of pampering with a relaxing Thai massage, facial and hair & makeup.
#nowplaying: Don Patterson's "Mellow Soul." Forgot how good it is. Sorry spotify, iTunes, et al: this one's vinyl only!
Awesome! Maybe you guys can play at RP's campaign victory party :) I'm sure Ronnie knows how to throw down!
Need to establish consensus that privacy is a societal value if we want it to be protected. Not clear if that's the case today.
I am really ready for saturday!
please , someone show me ur not
Once you learn to deeply love & respect yourself & maintain it, you can also ignite deep love & respect in other people as well.
That nigga said, I'm the type to cut ya eye lids off and feed you nothing but sleeping pill ha truth
cant sleep. head absolutely spinning about ftp stuff.
Local anesthetic. Insensitive. See what I could've done there.
I can send a PROXY to meetings!? Why have I not been doing this! I must do this.
a sneak peak is a stealthy mountain. ancient proverb.
I wanna' kiss #oomf so bad.
Been in agency biz long time but continue to be irritated by RFPs that harvest ideas to hand to a less creative firm.
I haven't really been working out as hard as I should, but this week I plan to return to going "HARD" and getting in "IN". ;-)
Great Meeting you last night!!!
Which #wine goes with a day starting sunny and ending rainy? Advise asap please, chalice is empty. :(
#NASCAR short track racing under the lights at Richmond! Go Jeff Gordon! Who's your driver?
good luck!!
and gillespies former boss #dubya wasn't among the most divisive presidents?
En route to the Isthmus Beer Fest! Pictures to come!
because its so obvious ikno and he knows and especially when you him then tweet about it
Lookin at my small tat on left inside ankel. Thinking of going over it with something else....hm
Madison did that face he always did last year while dancing today. <333
Hey gang!! We'll be rockin' First Thursday on South Congress tonight with all our threads. Come check us out! smashtagconcepts.com
umm I need you and mic to come to Om Lounge tonight..
wwe rules!!!!:-) i have lots of respect for the wwe, and all the wrestlers that work hard to keep us entertained!!!! :-)
le Evan @ birthday
Animal's Planet's Puppy Bowl has officially concluded! Congrats to both teams on a hard-fought battle!
Is Moving To Miami. He's Not Getting Any Closer To California. 😭But He's Living His Dream!:')
Joel "if there's an area in your life that needs improving, 'sow a seed in your time of need' in someone else's life."
Cowboy boots and camouflage hat are a go. Little Big Town, Darius Rucker and Lady Antebellum. It's gonna be a great night.
Erin fetherson is so cool and unique! Love her want to be a fashion designer!
Good things come tew thoes who wait thatS exactly y i wait goodniqht and
I close my eyes and see hashtags and Zoolander...and I am pretty sure I just crapped my pants.
Ask Rathburn...I just aim at the highest payouts all the time!!
US now threatening (and suing) Az over our Right to Work laws. More Fed bullying and oversteps. Trying to force full unionization. Thugs.
You know I'm no good at court-ordered goodbyes!
CL post which may have already been pulled. "New 1 bed room luxury Condo on the 11th Floor" of building that only has 5.
Atlanta girls luvd the its goes down
There are fewer than 1,000 tickets left for tomorrow's Pacers home playoff opener v Magic. Looking like it could be sellout.
#FF the most beautiful
our girls managed to get 8 points for our #bachelorABC fantasy draft, , get more air time! console the girls!
I'm not.:( come to Ste gen and visit!! I miss you.
Nothing can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. .
AT&T MORA than Sucks! I am amazed how big their "Network" is when the service is THAT bad. Time Warner TOO!! Im calling then OUT!
Thanks and Happy New Year! Look forward t your tweets. Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
took in art class. He sounded so defensive of me. Then you know when you shave with a dull razor blade and sometime you
Q1. That would be Hulk Hogan.
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
I made it haha.
Can't sleep >.<
it was worth the cost! Great points. I agree completely
where the lyrics at?
Yeah, I just feel the impression of him is greater than his work. Maybe I just don't like the genre he exists in.
He hasn't done a Austream since 4 weeks ago. And when i found out he was moving to Miami my 11:11 dreams were crushed
If College Football don't have playoffs by next year, the NFL should create a Real Minor League System for kids 18-20
YES cleaned the apartment...well half of it. No one goes upstairs anyway!
Never ever never
getting an afternoon snack... Hm.... What to eat? What to eat...?
want to join in on my mission?
Enjoyed meeting 'n working with you at #BET Leading Women Defined! Thanks for everything....will be in touch.
Thanks jill
Happy Birthday!
By the end of the game, baseball players' uniforms often are very dirty. I wonder if they would like opportunities to freshen up.
Great session! RT : In the "Front End Performance" session.
I hate LMSs and that's all I see on Facebook. They're so annoying.
Your so welcome sweetie; keep rad 💗🎀💋
I'm peeking out my window watching he and my daughter working on the flower beds, He is very fast and obviously experianced
Blaze&jam sesh with ma boys , help our band get more followers !
lol of course MADE me do that... ;)
Nothings worse then fighting for what won't fight back. -
TY for follow back !!!
How Super can a moon be if airy clouds can snuff it out?
Um, what about neuroeducation and neuropsychology?
Man come on miami!
your first one in the city(;
I don't know what my plans are yet :( haha my Ryan Moments are quite embarrassing
Like it?
When I arrive I bring the fire
Welcome to the new page Denise!
New collections come in every day. Come in to see some great collections!
I want someone to write me a letter. not an e-mail or a text, a damn handwritten letter. does anyone actually still do that
put that ish on YouTube Pimpin!
Watch 'Awake' tonight - it really is facinating and strong (NBC 10:00pm)
Is it march or is it summer?
There HAS to be something wrong with checking your phone as SOON as you wake up. Historians will analyze the hell out of this generation.
nice pics & thanks for sharing guys, good work Becky Henry!
I'm on my way home now. Can you grab them from my TwitPic site or wait til I get home.
I'm playing tonight downtown at the Grand Bohemian Orlando Florida 7-11
ur the star in that pic Dave!!!
did it!
We are learning about int'l orphans, many of our members have adopted children from other countries.
Yes! Let us introduce you to.....
wheat grass clearly did a number on you, ill help you out of the rut
unless u need abortion $ or want ur calendar cleared for spring break after an early tourney exit there's no reason 2 play 4 rp
I get what part?
The Pod People Arms? Seriously man, that looks like a pod from Invasion Of The Body Snatchers. Leave your shit and run.
35 degrees F in Florida today.
I follow a lot of black people....*takes notes*........ lol
Its Friday bitches!!
Have a future focus...
too wet down there
Totally watching that too! RT Pretty in Pink. :)
I can hardly keep my eyes open so I guess I'll be going to bed.
I get the best feeling when you say hi or even smile at me because I know, even if its just for a second, that I've crossed your mind. ♥
There is a lot of I in individual. John maeda
thnx! Runner on third base, just need a bunt and score!
that's only two days lol quit being a baby!! 😊
Fine don't reply -__- I like food more than I like you anyways ,
. -- your response only shows on my android app, not on my macbook! Anyhoo - thanks. yes, codahale/metrics has this and looks good.
no it's gonna be its largest self at 11:35 tonight! 😱
Setting on the couch with my son having a father son chat
Downtown Team Meeting Tuesday, March 6 6:30 PM Campaign Headquarters (Pittsburgh, PA)
Two free tickets to the viva chile event tonight from #CityCiao tweet us
Is it sad/wrong that I love your blog? Have been following your blogging for a while. Thought I'd say Cheers!
Touche! Curious to see how much #SM can help though. RT : Troubles likely run deeper than
- According to the article, it's about both.
We'll see what we can do, and get back to you!
man watch yo mouth n text mee
reverse sneezing?
ugh. I'm sorry, that sucks.
Thank you Aaron for helping to spread the word. We hope to expand in the UK very soon. Would love to visit with
Keep up the Hard work.It's all paying off, all the blood sweat and tears over the years!
If your interested in getting a free voice evaluation to see if a career in Voice Over is possible for you go the link below. You will get…
I love my followers,well the people who dont unfollow me <3
1 year anniversary party starts at 2pm. Stop and share a toast with us
Ideally, couples need three lives; one for him, one for her and one for them together. Jacqueline Bisset
taking the day off today in celebration of homemade creme brulee. Love dessert that requires fire.
