Check out Lou because he is Awesome!
Got new glasses! One brown, one purple! Extremely excited!
Be Eco-friendly,use paper bags
Arenado might be brought up sooner than expected!
download the ap from iTunes
Sometime soon! Early April probably!
good! How are you?
You know what goes well with ice cream? More ice cream
fine shuga wuga lol I went back tues and a whole lotta shit changed :(...where r u I seen Ron
Child, I can't make you love me if you don't want to, but I'll be there when you're ready - God
American Idol time with the family !!! Love me my off day.
Thanks for the Bachata before class last night Hector Leon. Always a pleasure. Now you need to teach me..ROTFL
That was J-Lo's areola, right?
Hm...the Pavilion sounds good for a Friday night! 10 for $10 Happy Hour featuring BudLight & Bacardi!
most welcome! Btw why are you up? Lol
Don't worry. Mine is gonna work on getting yours less awkward. He promised me. (; WE WILL BREAK YOUR GUYS' AWKWARDNESS
Question of the day: Would u rather be with someone who pretends to love u or some one who loves u with all there heart??
You put up 180, I put up 225. We're the same weight, yet you say you're stronger?
emailed you yesterday, did you get it?
thought you ran the joint
Derrick Rose now Thierry Henry. Aw lawd, they come in threes. Who's next? Probably... Ooh , time for chicken.
much more relevant than that whole ”sell all your possessions” bit
Just started rehearsals for the latest production I'm in: Shakespeare's "Much Ado About Nothin'" It's so much fun, I'm lovin' it!!!
Its nice to know when people still have love you.when it counts the most
Working on some writing projects today. Which of course means I'm still in my pajamas at 1:30 in the afternoon. :)
Hahaha yeah I know him!
good luck! I hope you don't fall and accidentally break something
Sister comin home? oh sweet(:
I started the book Marge gave me for my summer reading. Best start yours too in case she quizzes us.
not a horse.
I lost focus I was clearly goin after a 6ft sumthin chocolate stallion that was everything I dreamed of but...
Good morning Y'all ! Guess what is holy Thursday I'm having my faith stronger than ever everybody enjoy your day
follow me and upon opening experience great espresso
The blog is going up this weekend -
Mustachioed Bradley Cooper? Say it ain't so, Bradley. Say it ain't so.
To All of our Brass Monkey Family Graduating or Ending their classes for summer break, Congrats! #SchoolsOutForSummer!
Last ever community jam at #starerose on Alberta. 'I want to thank you for lettin' me be myself -- again.'
Check out Milwaukee's Annual Diversity Employment Day Career Fair Friday May 20, 11am-3pm at the Milwaukee County War Memorial Center
Sox lose again and get swept by the orioles! Nice 11-16. Bobby Valentine is the best coach!
Thank You for being the reason why my heart is so broken, thanks for me never trusting a man, even though they could be good to me
Ray Ray I Love You Teehee <3
strong into/hook and solid presentation. Great use of known comparables.
is officially the coolest white girl in existence. Lmao ^_^
yes. I am really excited to move forward!
Hosting business summit for 250+ Students/Entrepreneurs on campus Apr 4. Hav press passes avail. Would u be interested? Thx!
New Gant Garrard #housemusic EP coming in May on It will be available on It's FIRE!! OMS! = On my soul!
Beginning to be alarmed at everything that has to be done before the #AAASMeeting. How did it get so close? Looking forward to it, even so.
RT : Shout out too for giving me a green band aid (:
We want to see ALL of you at Rage For Recovery! Please get there on Saturday!
sweet! mine is salmon :D
dealing with these pest, came back home finally tto a big nasty surprise )-:
Muther. F*****r. Quit turning it over
I know we still have the crew(;
When someone texts you and than doesnt text back <<< its annoying.
MT : & at the ballgame. because this is america.
At Lucky Strikes with the OFA crew.
well done Ollie. How did you pull that off????
Who went to the Atlanta International Auto Show? What was your favorite car?
This time next week we will be gearing up for our first ever show This process actually involves gears. Come out and see us!
Starting another class tomorrow and forgot to buy the text, oops
you're doing the intern program too?
Happy Anniversary, #scriptchat!
pandora is amazing at the moment.
LOL Sara, I was JUST gonna tweet this! (: GREAT MINDS THINK ALIKE (; -Kayla
Moore or the kid from Southern Mizzou. Austin Davis.
How and Why to Use Mobile Marketing to Reach Your BtoB Customers | Network Solutions Small Business Resources - Mozilla Firefox...
omg i have those raisins<3 me nd u eat the same raisins<333333
made me feel bad...skipped the cookies thoughts...eating a piece of watermelon from the fridge. :)
Today we will follow anyone who tweets about us telling people to check us out! :)
Dollars For Junk Cars has been known to be the #1 leading company here in Atlanta, GA for fast, prompt, friendly and dependable company...
Good morning Folk Family! Day 3 here at #FAI12 and we've got a ton of workshops going on through the afternoon!
I just found the rules on how to play true american! Who wants to play!?
I am located right here in Sun Prairie!! Give me a call so I can help you design a beautiful and tasty treat!!
#alamw12 ? For : can I sync my ALA Connect schedule on the alamw app? Would be helpful!
I couldn't stay all day cuz my test is sun. Maybe i come for lunch?
Laugh often, long and loud. Laugh until you gasp for breath.
that's what my little puppy does to lol
Today is the first day of the rest of this mess.
“ “ An idle mind is the devil's workshop..””preacher just taught this last Sunday ...amen
“: What is the cure for post-vacation depression? I need it, asap. #backtothegrind” How's the grind?
.gonna get paid tomorrow [;
so sad concerts wont be held in City Market anymore. :(
I Godda White Girlfriend She Got No Cheeks
I've been great! Are you still having fun in your role?
Congratulations Maria!
Tchani was actually playing out of his mind (relatively) tonight before the great stupidity.
Damn...this is criminal to have this much talent on a college team. AND they play for 1 another.
#ustreamquestion its lil Deliliahs bday she is 2! u met her in Salina! will u sing Hey There Deliliah & tell her happy bday PLEASE?
I know. It's weird. I was force-fed baked potatoes way too much as a kid. They're a waste of space in my stomach.
Make EVERY day a giving of Thanks! #ThanksGiving!
No Steals and Deals today?
Daily GTKY question: Who is your favorite president of all time?
where is that
;) make me one
Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life. Jean Paul
Recorded a really great show with Muck Sticky tonight! Check him out and tune in for his webcasts! www.mucksticky.com
RT : In pursuit of spicy food outside of my house #DC HELP!
That's that shit I don't Like
gets shout out on Oscar telecast - Miami, pay attention!
Snow Patrol will take the stage at 9pm Bogart's.
RT : Citing Boston Globe as example of responsive web design. People want content with ability to exchange it freely.
I'm not going to follow Eva Longoria until she follows me. Sometimes you just gotta be a man, and put your foot down.
HEY THERE.. THANKS FOR CHATTING!!!
When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change, except the direction I'm walking in.
Finna Get My Day Started
Couldn't download the last two podcasts to my iPhone. Downloading other podcasts fine
Last day of West Coast Vacation! Heading to NYC tomorrow & ready to hire lots of extras
My phones in 88% already?!? Wtf😡
To clarify. Despite invites, the archaic Academy never ONCE came to see my improv group Orpheus Roy perform. That's why I wasn't nominated.
Back from Utah :)
corned beer? Sounds interesting.
she said you flirt wit too many people.. And you friends wit her ex I guess but thats between us she is feelin you bro
I'll look forward to reading/sharing it. I'm a #socialmedia evangelist at my new #CRE firm, so there is hope!
I think I need to make it down to #sxsw next year.
Haha uve gotta read the book Zitface by Emily Howse. Too funny!!!!!!!
Retweet this, if you retweet this.
uh huh whatever you say :p
Who is ready for a new #FGC song???
t seems to me that Gingr can't get pompous now! How many suffered under Fannie/Freddie?
Same here girl. Twice by my bf and cousin. Hope things get better for ya
Hi, please verify my account. Thank you.
sounds like girls night, plus Duy...again. Lol!
Can you give us a time, direction, location and route or bus number if possible? Thank you.
RT : Do cats see in color? They see mostly in shades of gray with some blue.
A broad stroke but, I think it does apply with Obama. As far Reagan goes, that may be 1 area he didn't tackle, W did though.
Pride is here - we are one of the proud hotel sponsors. Call us @ 296-4852 to book the Pride rate - rate includes shuttling to/from Expo NM.
can it be sent or am i gonna have to stop by soetime
Only two types of Chicks go thru cell phones, insecure chicks & chicks with bad pussy
was in my dreams last night...and let's just say we weren't just sittin around chillin ;)
I got 99 problems, and yes currently you are one of them.
Please call us regarding your order from Sushi Rock. 216-229-1600
Current weather @ WDW 55°F · (°C) Wind: 6 mph N Humidity: 54% HIGH 70 LOW 60 Nice day for a light jacket!
Honestly I'm that guy who would probably take a girl to a baseball or basketball game on a first date because its different
It's open to the public, I'll post the link, don't remember the cost
Tummy pocket.
aight, lemme know if it's sum on mine u think should be different, I accept criticism haha
nah. Scorsese has created a beautiful salute to pioneers of the cinema, as only he can. He makes a cameo...look for him! Beautful
* Diggy Suck Dick
If Penn Field wasn't swallowed whole by Austin traffic daily, it would probably be a nice place to office.
"When Faith lays hold, impossibilities must yield."
Game is at 6:15pm tonight if you can make it? Will be short players next week too, same time! Let me know!
About to go to bed so tired hope I sleep well!!!???
Eventually this century will be the past century, right?
RT : thanx for being so fab U inspired all. I know ure EXHAUSTED! But like u said, we can sleep when we're dead
sunshine, daisies, butter mellow; turn this stupid fat rat yellow! feeling very magical today
Live Your Life
Anybody need a computer? Selling this one fairly cheap, only gets 100 websites.
“: My memory foam bed, rolling rock, McAlisters mac & cheese, and The Office. #GetOnMyLevel” way to make me cry janke...
Randolph/wabash el stop stairwell roof covered in pigeons, claws making weird scraping noises scrabbling for purchase on slanted plastic
river victims? Is this a common occurrence?
Hustel'n n the name of music!Throw me a share! www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thankz :) lets blues out
Great way to end the weekend besides my screen getting shattered at vinyl lol no place like DENVER(:
her what's up how are u
39 point first quarter for the Spurs against Golden State's D-League team.
“: Rudeness is a weak mans's imitation of strength.” Sounds like Chris Christie.
Do you know you're sending DM spam. Go to your applications, delete the bad one, change PW.
I'm On twitter at school. I'm such a rebel!
Reppin for my fam until I'm dead, man
What happens to a woman&#39;s libido after menopause?
#WhatIFindAttractive YOU!! :D
Tonight I realize you mean alot to me and i don't wanna lose you 
(c) that's why people with eating disorders think the way that they do. This really needs to change. (c)
you have a nice rack ;)
I made my dad buy me the 1D cd but i already have it.
This is not happening
your making me smile :)
Thanks for the follows and !
I'll show you tomorrow
Thanks for the follow & the shout out!
I'm so proud of U, and U did R&B and it was amazing. To hear your voice loud and clea WOW.
At a big company the bureaucracy will always exist, but for me the motivation is to help e-commerce entrepreneurs, small firms
I spent a min thinking of *ancient* dead professions for a sort of Roman feel, and came up with "Depilator." Ew.
Automatic Home standby generators starting at $ 99.00 Call now 317.24POWER
Great alumni meet n greet last night #LSU Foundation at #W hotel Chancellor Martin n many #LSUtigers visit L.A.
If Prince William and Kate Middleton ordered their wedding cake from Just Desserts, what kind of cake do you think they would order?
Lakers are making Denver look stupid
I watched both...tonight is much better! Trust
Mother's Day Giveaway! Fill in the blank: My mom deserves a FUMI Bracelet PurseHook because __________.
Students do have a greater access to knowledge. Teachers need to learn how to adapt to this environment.
You've got a time machine, I've got a gun, what the hell - let's kill Hitler.
I know it's expected to hate on Diablo Cody, but I really dug Young Adult.
whats your favorite color mine is purple love somebody to love video :)
Well, if you have to fight off the squirrels for a good meal...
#wheretheboysat is dope!!new favorite song!!
If like the taste of charred smokey burned up wood, instead of finding a burned out house to nibble on drink Scotch from Islay (Ardbeg) yuk
i wanted to go tubing!
#TheSandlot movie is getting tons of play in my house these last few days. Great kids / sports movie
So I think I found my true love.. It seems like we may be together forever lol he's the sweetest guy out there C: I love him So much! ;P
Underground Tonight @ 8:07pm Come and hear Al Martin Bring da word over 1st and 2nd Corinthians!! Wesley Foundation Tonight. Place to be
great seeing you! wish you could have stayed for closing party!
Your rhyme is too funny . (Sorry if there are a few retweets... the buttons did unexpected things.)
I'm tough, but that Jackie Paper leaving Puff business does me in every time.
Hey Ladies.. Just because you slept with 3 different Men this year don't make you a Hoe.... Well Yes it does, nevermind!
haha we can do it together ;)
I can still remember the first time I read the words, "Always try to wear white to the face."
ok if you were pulling for oregon that's fine but we did nothing and that's the disappointment i feel. no energy.
van...e mail for michael bamberger and for you. BTW I'm at 1,433 and counting. I love reading you.
Jon Timmons is in charge of tweets now. :)
Is it just me, or does this day feel longer than usual?
Yeah! I'll take it.
It's gonna be hot...
so wat did you do for ur b-day
Slowest moment of my life I'm ashamed of myself omg.
my pit bull is so afraid of the thunder - why do people think these are ferocious animals?
Eddies day off
I have become slightly obsessed with watching the hashtag #MadeWithPaper. Amazing art being created!
I'm gonna write another chapter to The Way I Loved You!!
i hope your love is as much as Channig Tatum in the vow
The one time I'm starving to death, Subway decides to give me a bowl of cheddar water soup instead of broccoli and cheddar soup, pissssssed
there are
absolutely! Cool that we are all trying something different
Hi mahomies. I know you tweet 24/7. This phone is gonna blow up with mentions & dms(; but keep it up, he like's them(:
Can't wait for FunnelCake, deep-fried butter & ! They're all at this yrs - Win tix at 7:30 w/
#FF Stylist specializing in haircuts, braids, weaves, color, facials & waxing services for men, women & children.
Another overcast day in #LA about 10 hrs from tipoff #Nuggets #lakers #NBA #playoffs with can the #Nuggets steal one?
you can't let go and you can't hold on
All conditioned things are impermanent. Work out your own salvation with diligence....The Buddha's last words.
RT IF YOU JUST UNFOLLOWED A SUPER OBNOXIOUS TWITTER ACCOUNT ASSOCIATED WITH A WEBSITE YOU ALSO WRITE FOR.
I agree on all points. For many people, what's loudest and most visible in appearance=reality, and it's a problem b/c
People expect you to go out your way for them and they still want to treat you like shit.
35W, Crosstown, Lyndale. Closed. Homes, Cub Foods, A pre shook evacuated. Turn on FOX 9 News
UC cyber insurance covers damages and expenses caused by privacy, confidentiality, or security breach URMIA11#
#ThingsIwantTheMost meet again (:
My favorite part of the #Fab5 documentary on ESPN is #DUKE beatin down #Michigan to win the National Championship! HAHA
well nobody can't cause every time lakers lose haters talk every time heat lose lakers talk
Judge the final score
I have a confession and I'm only 25% ready to tell
I've never tried that, but it's probably a very good idea. :)
We have looked good on defense but lack real attacking power. Moreno played in the last game. He is still recovering
Sounds like a beautiful combination!
last night was amazing, yay tonic! Yay daredevil Christopher Wright! Yay Caroline smith! Yay life!
Wow i need to study !!! RT WWDDD?
i asked him about you and he didnt know i was talking about
Late tweet. Smoked Garlic Sausage today!
I hopped on your shxt and they said weezy you healed it
How do you take a prototype to the world? -
Wiederholder: representational power of lament is indisputable; how to judge lamentations that deserve public scrutiny?
i try to be.. lol... but if u come at me stupid... then im not nice no more... lolz... :)
lmao , ion think he here .
Caspers on abc family : )
The reason i dont ask anymore is because im tired of you lying to me not because i forgot!
Hope you had fun in Sin City and are enjoying staying connected with our mifi!!
Twitter is so much better mobile
it seems that everyone is so great and should run for President! Such BS! Linkedin who needs it 
RT if you have been watching jersey shore all day like me :D
what are you talking about??
Why, they did absolutely nothing. Their answer to my question was I don't know.
- hahahaha... I kind of like Three Religion. Thought it was beans picked by Buddhist monks, Catholic nuns and Jewish Rabbis...
Best dress so far? Stacy Keebler.
when will the next box be released?
fuck....y my hormones going off the roof its out today or over the weeken we r dooin it
Nfb #SHOUTOUT to my new follower
Kid book: my dad read Animal Farm to me as a boy like it was a fairy tale. Stuck with me...
Brewers are killin' me.
A centerpiece of 1 of the greatest runs in baseball history - 14 straight div titles. Old guard leaving ATL “: Chipper. Respect.”
Haha We'll be too tired to stand in line for Gabi! room service it is
You can find out more about a man by listening to his comversation than by looking at a house he has built. - C. S. Lewis
: Yes, one of the reasons we are opening our place tomorrow!
- Thanks for sharing our great lunch deal!
I just finished a 4.36 mi run with a time of 59:51 with Nike+ GPS.
I just got back from my first-time trip to Vancouver. I LOVE it there.
stay high as a skyscrapper blown loud
Yo mama so fat that when she saw a big yellow bus she said get that TWINKY!!! LOL (:
the minimalist! That's the one.
Happy Mothers Day to all my Mommies out there..may God RICHLY BLESS YOUs. blessings G.
One acre of hemp will produce as much paper as four acres of trees
: I feel the same way every time the COA changes a name of a street... I still refer to Ashby St., Simpson Rd. & Bankhead Hwy.
Aww, thanks! RT IO TRIUMPHE!! Gotta let out a good Oxy alum yell in honor of Occidental's 125th Birthday! :)
Holy fuck, Britney looked so beautiful today I can't deal.
I love my team, Everyone played very well today and we got a great result and also special shout out to I love yal
good game today
Right on! FaceBook is a mess. I got a mental hernia trying to figure out all the new apps.
This certainly made my weekend a lot better! THANK ALL OF YOU!!!
Thanks for letting us help 'stache out your fleet! We had a blast with this project!
The coke bit was an uncorroborated rumor I read on gawker earlier today. Not sure if it's been substantiated or not.
I go n get it then I let her count it for me..
no bottle requirement only $50 table minimum ... Email to reserve!
Don't keep asking me the same shit !
Morning all! Must need a break.. Woke up & thought today was Monday! Lol
I used to be mad that I didnt know how to check people, but I now realize that I'm not the type to analyze another person's flaws.
Honey's leaving tonight for 2 weeks, so I guess you'll be hearing from me more often. Work's tough. Knocking on doors is a crock. Feetbad
congrats Britt! You should definitely take your bridal planning on the road for in Beverly Hills on April 1st.
“: U know its st pattys when ur moms wearing a drinking sleeve & your aunts are all wearing jig dancing hair
Just received Jean Anderson's new cookbook, Falling Off The Bone.
We are thrilled to be planning our first domestic program at the Edgewood school in San Francisco! Stay tuned for ways to help!
How did I only recently learn of Leonard Cohen?!
Telephone - Lady gaga
you got hoodwinked!
Is on point tonight :))
internet has been very slow
Oh, that's no good. I hope you're not feeling too terrible today! Amazing how the idea of the food is always so much better... :(
Jamaals a liar.
So many cute guys in trucks today .. Not complaining one bit.
Been a while for a note from us.. Need to step our game up lol
ight take care of yourself! Keep your head up for me(:
11/18 THURSDAY! Channing and Quinn w/ Glass Clovers, Michael Rider! DOORS @ 7PM! www.thecanalclub.com for tickets
i know i dont stay on here like i do my FB lol
Yes, indeed.
The Sept. 24th gig is at Wolf Trap, if I'm not mistaken, in Vienna Va.! Oct. 2, downtown Fred. Va! www.3sgiants.com! West Va. gig, cancelled
Hahaa thanks buddy.
hey just got my cast off, so im pretty ICONic today. How are you? (:
Nclr: "since when is it suspect to speak another language"
Went & seen #CabinByTheWoods 👍👌👏
something by the fray, Coldplay... something on the piano
Still pissed I never got to have Christmas cookies. Even though I spend hours making them.
What the FUCK!
I fall way too fast. That's my problem.
Use sparklers instead of candles on your mate's next birthday cake.
now he's a hillbilly
97% of teenagers have consumed alcohol, smoked, or have had sex............ Retweet if you like luchables ;D
low key...that beat was fire bro
yeah he is, he's like the dude in the big lebowski. I'm counting on it.
like crazy. cutest movie ever.
Stop tweet watching so i know its real
lucky you im still in indy tryna make a dollar outta 15 cents smh
hope everything feels better once you are home.
Dallas Hall of State March 22-25. Details going up on our website very soon. If goes well, store is possible at some point
Understand your audience and your brand. You can't have a voice if you don't know who you are
If your a Dexter fan, you just 20000000000000000 points in my book. My Dexter knowledge is point!
Ready to see you boys on the West Coast; #PackerNation will be in full force at Qualcomm!
Perfect use of IGs RT And the LITA/ALCTS Library Code Year Interest Group is officially approved by both ALA divisions!! YAY!!
You can choose to swim in your sorrows or choose to NOT blame the universe and take life by the reins. No matter the bad theres ALWAYS good
can't wait too get home & charge my phone so i can talk to #oomf !
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo YOU KNOW YOU MAKE ME WANNA SHOUT!
NEW ROality video coming up in about 30 minutes! MAKE SURE you tune in! ATL Make Your Mark!
Thanks so much for the compliment on my work! Appreciate the follow back, too.
Hopefully this works, I need my bestfriend back.
Final week to sign the Calif. Ballot Initiative petition to label GMO FOOD
Another one of my favorites. Hope you like it!
Will you study abroad in North Korea with me ?? I promise I won't duct tape you and leave you somewhere
Stuck listening to a band from fordona ? Where us Fordona ???
Aptiv Solutions Announces the Launch of ADDPLAN® 6.0 PE Adaptive Design &amp; Simulation Software for Population ...
Broadripple visiting family.
u know I been hitting u up on Ur yahoo messenger for a hot minute
Off to the Seattle Bike Expo! come check out the bicycles west booth!
Just a few people away from the magic 2,000 followers benchmark. What happens then? UNLIMITED TWITTER POWERS! (evil laugh)
indeed -- closed out the place, got more bonuses than just 4sq points :)
Forget #girls and #fiftyshadesofgrey -- when is THE NEXT SEASON SHERLOCK HOLMES COMMENCING, ?
yeah inbox me your number real quick
thanks for the RT boss
On the subject of names
I hate sirens, I really do.
Happy Burger Wednesday!!!
#FunnyShit Gay - It's My Designer's Genes!
Watching Water for Elephants. Hope it's good!!
I’d be the last to say that my writing is worthy of accolades of any kind but I feel at my best doing it… I feel free doing it...
Thanks for the shout out! Really like the work you guys do. Happy to meet up too.
Is it just me or does Tweeting act as an unintentionally stress release? Therapy in 140 characters or less ;)
I watched #Freakonomics. The "Can You Bribe A 9th Grader To Succeed!" part saddens me. I remember when it was just about the gold stars.
Thought I couldn't love more than I already did! Guess I was wrong
$BZRT The company feels that the months to come will bring record progress, with building revenues toward a win-win for the company
i will!
Presenting at Missouri Library Assoc conference KCI expo center.
These eyes won't cry
i got a new curler :D hahahah
ugh. I wish I was going
awe, you're so sweet. She will really appreciate all that you're writing for her one day.
Lol it was but u could have came n said Hey or sum..Lol but it cool
My #Imperfections is making me for who I am and what it makes Me.. GM
RT : "Many of life's failures are people who did not realise how close they were to success when they gave up." - Edison
Hate being my familys beer bitch....
then if they included Kanye too, sis daya can knight him with the K-Swag title hahaha lol :)
Congratulations to Josh Hamilton on an incredible 4 HR game
you can't plow 40 acres with your mule until you take the wrecking ball to your investment in a few square feet of padded cell.
Put on my workout clothes then laid in bed. Motivation 0. Hibernation 1.
yo wat it is for tonight
She said she noticed that when I like people I REALLY like them i'm like ikr .. lol
just found out the pool/hottub at the condo we rented in vegas closes at midnight
They film at two bars. Fang and Alex's. We are at Alex's. I think my ear drums are going to explode. & I don't like True Blood.
And now is entertaining the #SILtweetup group by chopping a telephone book into little pieces w/ guillotine
has new and beautiful products at #hdexpo.the summer is here, take advantage and find awesome products at their booth (4436)
I keep it 100! #stopsayingthat when all you do is tell lies
That's that bullshit.
Tomorrow for Free Comic Book Day we'll be having a 25% off almost everything in the store sale along with local artists doing sketches.
next time I'll will go
Has there been a tornado spotted? Tornado warnings r reserved for when real tornados are spotted, a tornado watch is when conditions exist.
Chris Slobogin: Jones concurrences asked about "prolonged tracking." So until the constable would have otherwise gone home to eat?
is that color gonna be released?
We would love to connect with optometrists in Cleveland on Facebook and Twitter. Anyone following recommendations?
We are all living in our paradise,The choices we make are going to make our future.
We are only the 11th site in Franklin County to receive this honor! Go Mansion!
Harry: She is beautiful Zayn: And she has pretty eyes Liam: And a nice smile Niall: And she's sweet Louis: And she's reading this right now
MWP may not score a lot but his defense, size, and presence will change the game.
Country band reminiscent of Bellamy Brothers and easy, Southern sound. I'm hooked! Seriously!
Well I'm here! What are your other two wishes.
": Is "Qualls" Latin for "sucks balls"? #Phillies" Correct
. Just wanted to let you know that the Twitter link is broken on your website. ....and you girl are super fly! Haha
Bosh is out 2-4 weeks. What does this mean for Miami?
did a fantastic job on #Scandal I was hooked the first 10 minutes.
. gives a great example of a clear, easy to understand call to action.
not a bit! : is it wrong that I always cheer for the girl contestant on Jeopardy?
Drinking Coke With A Licorice Straw. Yupp, Swag.
Awesome! Thanks for being our fan ;-)
Wow Mr Belding is on
Blech, imma go to sleep now :p hopefully tomorrows a better day. :/
Thanks! I grabbed this!
girardi 400th win as yankees manager..congrats
O! say can you see! Advocate Patti Meese and the Tremble Clefs are singing the national anthem at tonight's game
hahahaaha did you really?? that night was hysterical! we just rolled with it and ended up having an amazing time haha =)
I agree! ": Lebron needs to sit down with Jordan and have a serious talk!!"
I hate when my family is in a bad mood. I hate it so much.
#YouKnowIHateWhen people grind my gears.
A pleasure seeing you all. Thanks for your hard work.
And the journey continues
dorks just kidding
Both of our teams are playing offensive powerhouses with deep bench. Rooting for LA but it's going to be tough. :(
cool! I'll be at J6, too. I'll keep an eye out for you.
Chad - I sold my Cafe Lautrec back in 2008, still own menu and name :) Franc @ sixeed
Shits scary wen u all about eating the pussy..Makes me wonder,who an how many pussies yo mouth explored...Makes a girl wana check 4 sores...
ops I replied yep. Wrong post I replied to. Which pics were you looking at?
Getting little nervous because off work soon and then to gym for my Y3T leg day
What's the most famous sculpture in the world?
President&#39;s residence served treif meat on Independence Day? | The ...
Believe Tour Will Be Unbelievable
Great Day to Play Fantasy Football Now. It's free and you could win $100 Apple Gift Card. Go to our Facebook page for details.
who would have thunk that there'd be three of you!!!
is such a pussy. Why don't you go AWOL on
Weekend warriors welcome.
Zito hammered by ChiSox. Send Zito to Single-A SJ for the remainder of his contract, or until he fades completely away. GONE
Yeah I'm a little drunk on you ..
And the "strange" food I tried this morning was squirrel meatballs! It was delicious! recipe please sir!
Thanks for the best wishes. I'm 'pumped' as 2012 is the year I take my business, The Self Empowered Investor, to the next level.
about 60% agents, but we cater to them more so than affiliates. If you could be there at 8-8:15a….I'll be sure to have coffee!!
Best ELUNA ever for seeing good friends. You guys rock.
shit let's get a studio sessh going I'm serious af
come on Austin! Lots of amazing mahonies want u to follow me! :D So do I. #birthdaywish Want some cheesecake btw? :)
what u mean behave..lol
This is me being sadistic and thoughtful
Watch Keane boys...
Yes i did. as always :)
Hurray for the end of the day! Loving this Seattle sunshine!
": nd imma bring ma ashy azz elbow around the corner ..lol" ohh in shaking in my angry birds shirt lmao
Tune in April 21st to see the premier of my client's (Kelly Edwards) new show "Tacky House" on Style Network. www.kellyedwardsinc.com
Game of Thrones On Demand. Thanks, Time Warner.
say bro hope your holidays is going great just had a quick inquiry how much do you charge for mixtape/album covers fr and bk
lmao. I am. I star and produce my own private flicks. Ya dig!!! Lol.
C'mon Alex!
I'm really proud to go to UW, but it is embarrassing when other students feel the need to put down other state schools.
Awesome night with some amazing people!
Whirly word is the most addicting game
Blake shelton is kind of a babe
How nice, my neighbor left me as a reference...for his drug dealer
“: My bed and breaking bad all day” yess! Breaking Bad is unreal! Just started season 3
Can someone please ask mother nature what the FUCK SHE'S DOING ?!
haha yes he absolutely was. I'm glad to know I now have an audience!
Hi there. Sorry we haven't. What should we know?
Current mood, annoyed. Lol
Thanks for the mention!
Arrived #tedxhuntsville location-registration next
Omg take a picture with him. I love both of you so much. :')
Random question: Who's your favorite Lord of the Rings character? Mine's always been Aragorn
I'm stretching you. Think you'll come up w/ something even better before the end of the summer.
Thanks, beautiful. And it is no longer unsolicited. Speaking of late: email me about boxing tips.
Dog Killer, Michael Vick, loses again. Made my Sunday :-)
Happy birthday to my babyboy💜
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
Church is like any other big org.To advance your career u must play the game,be a "yes man" and lick plenty of a...
Yes 3 p.m. Thanks
#WhatIWantThisSummer A NICE VACATION
I think a few of us just answered the QOTW a little differently.
I love you! We're so lucky to have you <3
forgot to answer fav. #kayaking spots. I love smallish rivers with little to no boat traffic assebet concord & upper charles
girl where do u work? And how can i become an appreciated employee? Lol
... Electronic trading
Interesting that #Evernote doesn't know how to spell Evernote. Okay, not THAT interesting.
if you put your phone number on twitter, you are just asking to get late night prank calls. or you're lonely. either one.
Aw! That's so cute :D
lord chile I am going blind
WHAT! You haven't :o RT : I've never been to disneyland :o
You Got ya ID fam?
Packs of kool-aid
Dancing at and tending a party tonight. :) stoked!
Why does it matter?
Rosie Palmer is way cooler than that freak! But, since you stayed, I hope you told her you moved on since then, haha!
um laying out...Same thing
bin laden my uncle...lmao
MN Private Job and Internship Fair
YES that's him! That's the cutie pie in the pic!
But how can we retrofit current housing--economically--to utilize tech such as the Science House?
“: TPC... now Accepting applications. Membership limited” the O'My's!!!!!!
Happy May Day =]
lol. Don't do it!
HOMECOMING BLUES JAM! I will playing @ Ziggy's in Denver, CO March 18th! Jam starts @ 7P w/ NO COVER! 4923 West 38th Ave
Just started baseball gonna be awsome!!!!
Shoot I missed it!!! We will have to go another weekend!
Love watching Touch with Keith S.
absolutely, no excuses, they plain got it handed to them, got taken to school in many areas of game, outworked majority of time
It seems appropriate that a collection of Psalms in the radio when I drove back to campus after I heard the news.
Three hours and counting until my show tonight, until my musical lift off
lol "this isn't marika, this us Catie" I was like oofuck this girl knows my life X)
RT testifying before the House Oversight & Govt. Reform Committee on recess appointments at 9:30 a.m. EST.
and the rest of the L's is Laundry because of the LOSS you spilled your LIquor yelling at the Ladies to MOVE lol
busy playing hard and playing hard
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you tell a joke and it's not as funny as it sounded in your head
i need to lose some weight.. gained a few -_-
would love to great what you hear re: social and HR. I think we're "lagging adopters"
'guest' shouldn't have a password, right? hrmph.
Today I draw bees and worms. That is my job.
I used to wonder if my grandparents thought that...
Al my bitches got niggas. Is that a good or a bad thing?
The car dealership model needs to be disrupted...
if morgan freeman goes to jail is he just morgan man
Why do ppl think im in the illuminati lol that shit is just silly .. (hope that fooled them) lol
loving it girl, keep up the good work.. and lets keep in touch!!!
I have a savings account with If I move my checking account from #Chase over, how do you deposit checks or cash into the acct?
When and where will we see the first highway that is reserved for self-driving cars? When will driving be made wholly illegal?
I feel nauseous & I'm tired but can't sleep 😳
I guess I should get outta my pajamas and get ready for workk... Although I really don't wanna!!!!!
My favorite thing of today will be getting my hair done :D
new school, you kids and you're crazy gadgets
It seems that has decided that u will only be allowed to vote for who they tell u about. I'm running in CD3 stay tuned for info.
I know it's Shaiman and Wittman writing the songs, but I always imagine it's Ahrens and Flaherty.
Thanks to the tweet from I decided I am no longer waiting, I am going to be rescuing a pit bull within the next week.
When I really like something I spread it around. :-)
Indeed! Great spots too with all the big names! RT : YES! Even needs to care about #hearthealth. :)
LOL! RT How cute that couple has matching Bears jerseys. Lame!
I have a bunny for Chinese New Year all ready to go, but I'll send all the bunny lovers to my dear sil.
Big wind storm... from your house to mine!
you should already know this!
i'm playing the blackbird next fri, aug 28. who's in???
WHERE IN THE BUILDING IS THIS???? I'm on my way!!!
Leg day at the gym followed by some cardio to help prevent muscle soreness. Also, a lot of water afterwards to remove toxins!
Per , Asa Jackson, Kelechi Osemele and Christian Thompson became first draft picks to agree to terms with team.
Happy Rainy Monday! Try not to kill a deer today with your bare hands. You need a license for that.
Exciting game. Go #Flyers!
you're on fire
damn, i need to start making trips to PA, lest I dont go there for 5 years too!
Damn fun morning at #sfcm and et all. Morning bloody marts and design? :)
Someone at my school said to get into the Illuminati you had to lick Jay-Z's balls.. HAHAHAHA
we are loving all of the emails we are getting for out Galtime ABQ Guy. Keep Emailing me at
A Tribute to Steel String Guitar Icons... @ Wisconsin Conservatory of Music tonight. That sounds interesting.
👈 is the man to talk to!
Not you
I'm not entirely convinced they tried to move McCoy during draft weekend.
#ShomariStone is a total inspiration!
Let's get this party started!!
enjoyed Earth Fair today after skipping it last year because it changes so little from year to year. Then delicious tacos at Mamá Testa.
Ah, too bad I'm not working this Fri. Ask for Lauren, though - she makes the best Manhattans!
I hate u for making me suffer!
Two sets of #gratefuldead tonite on www.jedluckless.tv at 8pm EST (or so) Join us :)
GO NUGGETS!! RT too much NFL and not enough Nuggets on my TL right now... where yall at???
NAPPING ROOMS! Warm milk, blankies and boring readings. RT : No, no, no, coffee shops, energy drinks. Who needs sleep!?!?
Plus I like to highlight everything & I wonder if I'll absorb things as well by reading them online.
There may be nothing better than mentoring entrepreneurial students.
We have a line of greeting cards for those who transgressed the law to send to their friends & family.
Photo shoot tomorrow finally back at what I love to do !!
RIP MCA of the Beastie Boys!
how much are u selling it for?(:
Thanks somuch to all the Red, Black and Blonde followers. Stayed tuned for awesome news. Screenings coming soon in TX, CA, AZ, and LA!!!
"TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft.DMX,& DANI STEVENSON PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE ON ITUNES NOW..VIDEO ON YOUTUBE
She was top 3 best dressed in my opinion! How do you control yourself around her??
Sup, Kev? Hear you're in town. Missed u @ Starbucks.
So excited for The Rum Diary movie! Been waiting for this moment for years!
Overpriced deal coming soon RT Celtics and Bulls have shown "serious interest" in free agent Josh Howard...Yahoo! Sports
Arlington dog owners: Do you know of any #dogwalking services that you can call last minute, on an as-needed basis?
Lights will guide you home. And ignite your bones. And I will try to fix you. 
Happy I got a quick 3 miler in before ultimate
Hey, . Don't forget to give Katy my note.
EDIT : HER** RT : I can't afford lube I just use my tears
Pool and Tanning <3
Put your hands in the sky, if you're feeling fly and tell me that you what? #FiveFingersToTheFace !
Is that the wine bar/small plates place? I had a friend get food poisoning there. We're going w/SZ so we'll be at Champps.
Denver Zombie Crawl and Victorian Fetish Ball are on the same day... my poor face will not like all the different makeup!
I am at the Internet2 meeting & listening to and engaging in discussions about the role of I2, regional networks, campuses, private sector.
well at least you know there will be plenty of room for food at the new place!
you should get a double bike so you can pick ppl up
Like you have to ask!Bring it.
well yeah but he has a better chance to play somewhere else. It's a win win I guess ha
Holy tired
Out to eat at Red Smoke With Moms , baby sis lil bro and wifey
Shooting on Starr Ave in Columbus...one person shot and detectives on the way
wow thats a great deal for both sides
omgg vinny u should try fried oreos. Just saying. Its amazing:)
35 more minutes until
There aren't nearly enough crutches in the world for all the lame excuses. ~ Marcus Stroup
So im back in La Crosse for my grandparents 60th wedding anniversary. Tonight we're having an impromptu dinner. This should be interesting.
Thanks for a strong day 1 in #FreeAgency, boss.
not bad!
thanks Robert, I always find it hard to find info on this.
Who Should the Indianapolis Colts Take in the Second Round of the 2012 NFL Draft?: Fan Opinion
This is the land of the free,but broke their backs trying to make ends meet...
Because I lost my job Saturday, I cannot even file an unemployment claim in NY. FL rejected it because I hadn't worked in FL in 2011.
I thought #AmericaPieReunion was fabulous! Bring back all of the #90s #music!!!!
also make sure to tell all of your friends and work associates to follow us!
We breed achievers!!!
Yeeeaaahhh!!! (in my voice)
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause you started putting needles in your arms!!!
haha hello my great dad
is proud to announce that no one besides the Players have a clue who is staying or going. Relax and enjoy the title..
Teaching from afar "doesn't cut it" - teaching up close and personal "cuts through the fog".
we luv the ABQ...and its possible they luv us.
Fun event last night. Didn't see you to introduce myself but met a lot of fascinating people.
prediction: Ron Paul will win Iowa.
With the help of one of the most dominant centers ever
Ink, mostly.
each tweet using #beatcancer earns $0.01 for cancer research
I am THRILLED to see the Saints blown up.
My said he'd be up at 8, and it's 9 D:
dnt tweet them >:O
You are stuck on Windows and refuse to expand your realm of knowledge. Linux has it's purpose and it's out there.
Good night and sweet dreams! (not involving cops shooting their own feet)
"Everything you want is to be found on the other side of your fears"
WSJ: #kimsrassel nails Obama's EPA in Potomac Watch. Great oped. ,)
just pooped all over Ole Miss with that dunk,
heey mikey...you should go creep on my follow button ;D
Sorry seniors, disabled people and all you CRIMINALS with traffic violations!
Finished at the coffee shop, headed to the trails now. 23 miles of single track and then Happy Hour at 3.
I just won a music and red wings bet against !!!!!!! Look out your window, I bet you will see pigs flying!
Did you guys win yesterday?
hahahaha! I love that song!
hi! my name is Billy Bob Bob Billy.(:
girls with long boards >
Girl you our favie
Tebow Time from the 1st. Snap today look for the hurry up offense / no huddle & a lot of. Passing.
my first single off my upcoming album comes out in a few days(:
Thanks, Patricia! The 20% off coupon was sent to you by direct message. Click "Home" on your Twitter page, then Direct Message
And, yes, I'm saying I know better than Christopher Nolan.
yeah :D RT thats true lets go:p
and they replace it for free?!
Yeah Definitely!!(:
Did that beer fridge promotion in Kirkland with you and/or Elise happen already?
Woot woot!!! You GO Kids!!! Bowl your butts off!!
you have a soundtrack. Cool
Yeah, especially the classic model is good when you swim.
Watching Rugby. Fiji beat the shiznit outta New Zealand.
Musicians are
Anyone else think of The Wire whenever Jim Hunter says (Marlon) Byrd?
Late 2 work bc a woman's cry 4 help roused us & neighbors in middle of night; she was mugged at her front door. Shes OK bt shaken
you should play Bachelor sometime. Lots of fun.
Bamboozle is tomorrow.
sounds amazing
I wish I was wit my girl right now.
stop tweeting and start playing....jus sayin ;-)
Tami straight slapped the shit out of Meeka's ass
ppl eat ice cream more in the winter sounds pretty good where's mine? lol
I am having HORRIBLE visions of what y'all are planning to do with that rocket.
I hate her ! I wish she would die ! DIE DIE DIE NICOLE !
Someone needs to tell Kelly Osbourne grey hair is not becoming at her age. Nice look, grandma. And SHE'S the fashion police?
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down
If it had not been for the LORD on my side idk where the heck I would be!!
Sorry about the woman problem:(
I just want to graduate already -_-
...i'd rather be at work right now with the kiddies.
RT : #ThingsThatINeed the Yankees to rally hard right about now...<Amen...
it def is💜
Where's ?
Krispy Kreme glazed raspberry jelly filled. M donuts....
This weekend shall be fun! Chilling with at the Palms
RT : RT : Create more space in your life! ' 20 things you can live without to reduce clutter:...
Lol! Brb, going to change into fuzzy zip-up pajamas
just hit the stage at The Loft... still time to get down here and check them and out!
Mowing yard naked = Success
but i love ariana grande and victoria justice
pretty much wrapped up the feature track you were talking about!
HM. Everyone in my department seems to be gone.
And theres the first commercial for Euro 2012 and I'm overly giddy for that to start!!!
Bend over , touch ya toes ..
That might work if one could convince that cells it's the right thing.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Leap Day!
#YOLO jk I'm Kenny from South Park.
Bobby is making me nervous
A man accused of interfering w/ a flight crew & forcing a plane to divert to Logan was in court for arraignment this morning
Wearing my cap and gown cuz I
Some people are already tweeting that "finally we can get our civil liberties back now." Yeah, if life was a 1-hour TV show episode.
Wonderful piece on B.Roy!!
what bitch!!!! U jus confused me
Filled up my dream car with dream gas, got a dream oil change and a dream cash wash, paid with imaginary money.
Kris great interview my friend. I just heard that Mike Ryan has went back there for the next year
We know exercise works, but how do you keep from getting bored? Me? I switch it up...boxing, belly dance, free weights/machines...whatever!
#christmaseve is here. Wishing your family lots of love and good fortune this #Christmas!
RT God is there. Always. RT if you believe (:
TOMORROW FREE TELECLASS WITH for LA Actors at 7:30PM PST. RSVP to . Hurry is space limited!
The #Brewers never cease to amaze me as to how to lose games. Frustrating!
I see you  Ing with your  Ing ahhhss Nigga
ate at maggie's restaurant. had chicken parmesan. it was good.
THANKS FOR A KILLER SHOW LAST NIGHT UP AND UNDER!ON TO THE STUDIO NEXT WEEK!!!
DOIN SOME SYSTEM PERFORMANCE STUFF ON MY LAPTOP TO BOOST UP THE SPEED A LIL BIT
Hey Brad
getting sick before finals week= NOT OKAY. feels like high school again, except the next week actually affects my future
Great day to watch some #golf !
“: Oh boy this is going to be interesting #sorryimnotsorry I will be sry about nothing as I dance n
Hey niecey glad to see you on twitter.
lol! or acid rain! :)
that sounds delicious!
Lol RT : Whiskey & Cokes I will feel this in the morning
I got Cinco de Mayo and 420 mixed up...oops lol.
gardening with
I hate when guys say fiero in a song like its annoying ahh .
At the strip club. I'm concerned that none of these udders are big enough to feed my future babies.
THANK YOU TO THE 500 AMAZING PEOPLE WHO CAME OUT ON SATURDAY TO SUPPORT THE NEON MUSEUM! we love you.
Thanks for the info on family-friendly places with great food and beer!
So a Unicorn walks into a bar.....
Today there are over 77 million baby boomers, the largest demographic cohort in the U.S. (47-66)
Definitely need the April showers. But the chill outside isn't exactly motivating me to get moving.
We're here!
I had a really nice time! Wil def try it again next year.
Presented a detailed marketing strategy to a client today! They loved it! So excited to grow their business!
According to Twitter is similar to me. Since when did I become Hispanic and emo? :O
Tried givin Bob and Jim a bath. But I ended up gettin the bath!!
AP called it for Barrett?
RT : I am having a blast with the brackets. Fun Stuff! #whtoc Thanks Becky!
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” - Confucious
Soon! When is everyone free?
RT : New beer on tap Southern Tier Choklat Stout _ Never had this on tap but LOOOVEE the beer!
Ur welcome sweetie
it's cool, Bill! Thanks, she's my pride and joy! She completes me in every possible way. :-)
than did appearance orientation or gender role orientation alone; however,
"Worried bout you I might fuck around and miss a $ sign"
No Mistake! There is only one YOU on this planet. Don't waste your time trying to be someone else.
#ItsCrazyHow fools wanna talk shit, but won't say it to your face!!
Pretty cool: 1 in 8 couples married in the US met through social media
Thanks for tasting with us !
literally so beautiful there, you guys will have so much fun.
I NEED MY MONEY
Fair enough. Maybe the reality that people make money even from honoring someone. I guess nothing is completelt altruistic.
I Wanna Be...
me too
Carole did a great intro!
Can I get a triple decker burrito with extra burrito and a side of burrito... Oh and a small diet coke.. ;)
Today, NFL players officially ratify new Collective Bargaining Agreement
Nothing gets the ol'heart a pumping than the yips of Wile E. Coyote this AM. Wonder if he'd like to meet the business end of my Remington?
RT : DM me if you're looking for sr mngr/ director level work in ecom -- I have some opportunities to pass along.
Pi Day: When math, which usually nauseates me, becomes so very tasty. Thanks, and !
Follow They Have Awesome Shirts And Sweaters Love Them So Much :) They Have So Much
All I could think about was how one night I called at 3am and he calmed me down from a nightmare I had :)
Also how can marriage be sacred when we have reality TV shows that end in matrimony?
- let me try Proto on his tablet and it rocks. Super easy to use and create with it.
At least I have a pre-release copy of 's "A Love Better Than Life". Get your copy on Oct 16th.
Looking forward to keynoting the 4-H Western Regional Leaders Forum at Univ. of Wyoming on January 13, 2012.
You ever get the feeling you're being edged out. I feel that way...yup.
Finally NBA playoffs are here. LET'S GO HEAT!!!
Tears came out my eyes on stage Monday night when I played "Blues For Trayvon" at the B-day Blues Jam...that's when you KNOW IT's REAL!
Did you make it in to the museum? Hope you enjoyed the exhibitions!
All the sexy men in LA have girlfriends! I quit!
50% of world's population is under 30 yrs old. Gen Y & Z consider email passe, fastest growing FB audience: over 55 & women. cc'
DineEquity Inks 10-yr Contract With PepsiCo To Be Exclusive Beverage Provider
why nicki minaj so bad though ..
i will be a #mahomie forever <3 i can promise you that
ha I use Benadryl for insomnia sometimes it works too well 😳
Ditto!RT New iPad on deck
I have to believe its only a matter of time before the #brewers get to Capuano
right here!!
Sunny weather in SF makes me want to karate kick a door down in celebration.
2 bad i cannot drink or smoke. My hoilday break is all fucked up!! I feel like crap-so help me baby Jesus!!!
maybe you should quit submitting your tweets as short stories then.
In Rochester, NY we got
All he had to say was can you leave you been at my house long enough besides have somebody else call me
Please make a Facebook profile picture that makes your body look more muscular than it is. Sad sad sad.
Big game tonight for their fans and supporters tonight on national TV! Go Kings!
When a cute lil baby doesn't stop staring and smiling at you ^.^ ♥
remember when caller ID was a thing?
#WeLoveNiall 's eyes
“RT: : Up next, #BieberonBBCR1. Enjoy!!” my work day just got infinitely better. tune in!
Finally figured it out wow juicy chicken! Kirkland individually wrapped breast + coconut milk + garlic & onion chips 40 mins 350 degrees!!!
Well, feeling rested after a long day of southbound travel. Lets see how this Peruvian adventure unfolds....blogs to come
Had a great time meeting all the ATL fans at the Rumble-look fwd to seeing our new followers in June! (+ at WM next yr!)
Pizza & A Pitcher Night @ RC's ~ Buy a Pitcher - Get a FREE Pizza! Or Get 3 Miller Lite or Hight Life Shorties for $3!
So I have a cold. And a wisdom tooth that needs to be pulled. Going to be a fun week.
Poor dear! So glad you could bring some of the latest literary fashion into her life!
RT : Just what I needed after an eventful couple of days. Drinking a Éphémère Apple (Pomme) by 're such a girlie :)
ha but we need things that wont spoil in a week!
Apparently Las Vegans can't go outside because of the haze? I left my SARS mask at home :(
YES! You just gained 52934637892 cool points. :D
Check out PACCIN's site to get the full session lineup for their upcoming conference on art handling, crating, & collection's care
Grease AND Hairspray are on tonight!
Summer movie preview 2012: Superheroes! Pregnant ladies! And Abraham Lincoln?
In sheer audacity. Once a guy has sex with a she-monster who turns into a he-monster, kills him and (1/2)
I'm gonna name it JP
Had there ever been an NBA game where this is not the case? RT : Terrible officiating in this #Celtics game. Abysmal
One of my coworkers who also happens to read my blog, just sent me what seems to be a fantastic crabcake recipe. Can't wait to try it out.
Kobe is King. Don't criticize the Crown! Only one title matters and that's that O'Brien.
Excited to watch Scream Awards...especially being sick...ugh I hate being sick!
a cookie?! Okay!!
Job Opening ! Entry level Transactional Content Partnership Contractor w/ 2-4yrs client-facing experience; 1yr position. Who's game?
Went walking (:
Who want a innerstate Ike verse ? I got u for the low... Let's work! What up ?
Be the change you want to see in the world and then you will see change.
I loved how the lakers played tonight on the road but still didn't like the refs but we still won #LakerNation #GoLakers #
IM SO FUCKING EXCITED. BITCH, WERE SINGING IT UP ON LINE SUNDAY!
Capitalist (so called) democracies.. Or. Capitalist bourgeois democracies... AD thanks #ows do opening up anti capitalist dialogues.
bbq >>> perfect night tonight
Trudy Cathy White at B lunch, "It's not the duration of your life that is important, but the donation."
“: Chillin. How old r u?”<< we old enough
u better or I'm gone beat dat ahh lol
can't wait!! Been to a lot of games this year and just love going great crowd almost every night
congrats on your emmy nom!! Just announced!
Its 86 degrees outside right now <3
I never tweet anymore :P
#goodcoaching u in for Saturday?
i wish you didn't hate me
"Work with enthusiasm, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people." - Ephesians 6:7.
why do we have to be socially acceptable at school?
I don't mean to defend #R, but that was a god-awful pitch.
Something wrong?
YES! --> "As we invest in content, we equally invest in #research to understand audience" #chicagobooth conversations
NOW BOOKING APPOINTMENTS FOR HOMECOMING ( makeup, lashes, brows ($10)
my wife and I slept in too. We just laid in bed forever and it was great
I miss you already
Hoping everyone remembers I called an upset by the Pacers mid season #YeahImPetty loo
#wedding #brides getting married? we have a red carpet service and complimentary bottle of champagne with every wedding booking
you're welcome <333 loll
“: what am I, chopped liver?” makes me hungry. Why aren't snacks in the back of the room?
yes! VICTORY IS MINE. AHAHA! lolz!
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
that sounds pretty fun right bout now
Be the change you want to see in this world ~ Gandhi
Just got the new #APStylebook 2011
: oh the kitties... Those were some fun times. So young. So naieve...
So, you need to get a hold of me, and we need to hang out again, soon. I miss you. Also, I love your background. :D
you have such a natural beautiful mommy instinct <3
Every hero has a theme song, this is ours! Who's rocking out with us tomorrow?
Nice crowd in Greensboro...is it the matinee on a Thursday?
At this #spursgame watching them destroy the Jazz. Duncan still got it!!
Awww :-( RT No more than 27,000 rhinos are left on Earth.
Thanks for the RT!
That is too funny. Some people like a more natural appearance.
What's the hype all about with Mad Men?
Yes it is
Happy Thanksgiving!
Karaoke bar. Denny's. Big Lots. I am definitely in Vegas.
Yes ma'am :D hehe text me -.- haha
A disturbing scene involving a ginger skank birthing a shadow creature reaffirms my "no kids...ever" beliefs...
RIP #WhitneyHouston - we will miss you SO MUCH! What an amazing talent you were!
Learned of Miyazaki in 05 while washing pelagic birds in an oil spill, a colleague explained using Miyazaki to teach ethics to 10-12 yr olds
Behind this polo is a rebel of society
I am in touch with people too. I don't doubt their perception. BUT WE BOTH KNOW WHAT HAMAS IS DOING! TELL THE TRUTH!
i dont have anything better to do lol
I have a lot to do but I might. Any special festivities going down?
Im hungry :{
Hello Gurumustuk, We'd love to help your team. Visit www.CoThrive.com for a web based project/task management solution...thanks!
You're kicking some serious a$$ in St. Petersburg as I'm typing this. You're awesome! haha
I'm pronouncing KALON as Kay-lawn. Also my phone is already autocorrecting it to caps lock
I would rather believe in something & there be nothing. Then believe in nothing & there be something.
If you like bball you should follow
I was spotted on house of payne last night how freakin cool!!!! <3
Free Scotty Rally is a success all roads lead to Pauls.
Oh hail it's hailing
Hey guys - rachel
Wish would show the extended #LOTR films again before the Hobbit is released
Watching The Last Song, gonna cry ): this movie is so sad .
Happy Friday twits!!!
RT : with and their Southern BBQ pizza is still the
At Mo's for the 5 cards studs concert. Nice ! Many people dancing around.
No, Baltimore celebrated like a team that played last nights game with intensity and pride. More so than the Sox.
Favorite quote from #GreatAwakening so far: keep Herod in Christmas.
Start-up incubators' requirement -- be on site. The 1st one to go virtual will tap into world's best minds.
Exactly. RT : Hawk has his confusing phrases, but he leaves it to you to piece it together.
its a party for women who are about to get married. & its not a little kid party. Lol
#paradise 2012 Album of the Year. Your Angels believe in you!
m, food... I mean museums! We love museums. Thanks for the follow--Stay tuned for news from member museums, sites, & orgs
Haha - there was an "incident" when I was 7. I still blame my mom...
Ok I am not joking
Getting more familiar with my African music collection. There's some good stuff in here I didn't know about.
Going to bed now, goodnight fuckers!
we're doing SU earlier, yes?
SAT NIGHT @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $2 MILLER LITE PINTS From 9-11pm! KITCHEN OPEN Till 12am! GET HERE!
Love Workin wit and #Success !!
Impressive if not dominant performance by Jonny Bones tonight. I'll take it.
Novacane, novacane, numb the pain, numb the pain, novacane, novacane, novacane, fuck the pain, fuck the pain, I can't feel the pain.
A pretty face is nothing if you have an ugly heart...
Arizona immigration: Justices seem open to law
By the Power of Greyskull!
Somebody tell dese Celtic fans we ain goin so easy
I want some micros for summer .
Brewed Awakenings book signing with Josh Bernstein Dec17th 1-4pm Free craft Beer and Homebrew!!!don't miss this.
Finally went to Mom and Pops Antiques on Georgia Ave this weekend and came home with a car full of wonderul treasures!!
we've been diggin around the basement for ya, but it looks like we'd end up ordering it
Making Mac & Cheese :D
S/o to everybody watching AND listening to the Cubs game
Goodmorning! Hello May :)
Met w/ teacher of the second-grade class at Emeryville's public elementary school where I'll be teaching poetry-writing again as volunteer!
But they r so young..oh..so so young..I think back..I did the same shit...how can I force them to not desire these things.
karaoke? RT : Just got to NBC, anyone have a secret word I can try to sneak in my segment at 4:12?
I joined Twitter 2 years ago today. My mom joined twitter 4 years ago yesterday. I'm obviously not on my game. I feel shame.
Such a good weekend babe <3
I think u should just bone
I think is disappointed in me:''(
Yeah.... im bout to go to sleep. I think
Wicked Awesome! Thanks “: long read, but deffo one you'll like: The Science of beer: bit.ly/pnxvRs”
Absolutely. First things first!
LOL YOU SILLY
neither does mouthwash. (;
Why is Tim Tebow very famous? It might be because he is very friendly, and down to Earth. He has many followers. He is a nice guy.
ok i need therapy..NETFLIX on one tab. TWITTER on another.....can you say I need help or what? Lol....
Hey there! Welcome! Let's chat live when you have time.
there is a store called "the ripple" in Broad Ripple that carries tons boards, no Landyachtz and Rayne though
Any word on when your official response to the uproar is coming out?
I am sorry what I did was wrong, I dont expect you to forgive me but I am sorry. It won't happen again.
Weird...usually offense only heads South at Wrigley
Lol , im not slow or dumb .. I just have my moments
You ever run around doing lots of stuff to put off doing what you really need to do?
Brim Coffee. #rememberthat?
Lee Butler at Don Chalmers Ford is performance excellence guru! Thanks for sharing your best practices!
Never Give In
u welcome but the one that got me still laughin iz the one bout that lady twerkin on prodigy
I think twitter cut you off. Email me? .
USGA just denied Delofted media credentials because they said we don't cover golf news! How old fashioned can they be!
Brand new day. Too bad the weather isn't following suit.
If you think you know a lot about life your WRONG !
Be careful of what you wish for. OH WAIT 11:11 is BULLSHIT.
Not goin to school tomorrow.
A small group of protestors have already gathered 14th and Broadway in front of Frank Ogawa Square
I need that for Zena...
is either too good or too old to care to tweet u back anymore
Quote of the day: Woman at the airport coughing up a lung. When finished says to me "do u know if there is a smoking room here?"
Why do people say "I'll be there with bells on" but when they show up, they're not wearing bells. Stop overtly lying. Stick to your word.
Hello. Do you remember me? :)
See you there!
For real? was at your restaurant? And didn't pay at all?!?
omfg. i love you Austin Mahone.
People waste way too much of their time caring about something that isn't even worth thinking about, you're too young to have to give a damn
#swag RT : RT : I don't know why men think women filmmakers are idiots. I dot all my I's honey.
can't believe myself. i can eat as much as a dude. and aint shy! about it...
how much hotter could it get here in texas?
": yeah! It was my graduation dinner. I'll show you later!" Aww yay!! & Congratulations on graduating!!
VINCENT WE ARE GONNA GET MARRIED I HAVE A CERTAIN FEELING ABOUT U K?K
He's certainly talking that way.
Good afternoon everyone! School is out for Christmas break which means I can put more focus into my etsy shop =) stay tuned for new art!
You don't know how lovely you aree
Beautiful morning in NY, hoping to take the boy to the waterfront park to play this afternoon
Beautiful day in the neighborhood! #willystreet !!
If this coworker uses the regular coffee pot to make decaf one more time. I'm going to put her silly ass in the sleeper hold!
Vargo? Is that…Welsh?
Why does #F1 continue to kiss HAM's ass?!? Makes watching a race a nauseating experience.
Chi-Town Jazz Festival 2012! The Marquis Hill Quintet LIVE at the Green Mill TONIGHT! 11:30PM start!
- like me back, The Academic Support Link.
I'm in a #romantic #Love #zone today!!!! True Lovers are #warriors for Love
I loved the live #30Rock tonight. So many cameos, so little time. And funny too. Did I mention it was LIVE!?
Fear&Love
So simple, so true
"we got a loose trunk over there" uhm, only hornet races hahahah.
Laszlo Krasznahorkai is easily my favorite living writer.
1999 Red Sox v Mets day game. First and only trip to Fenway. Carl Everett got ejected arguing with ump. It was magical.
Sports Letters to the Editor: Sunday, May 6
Getting close to end of DISPOSABLE LIVES. Then editing. Ugh.
out of commission for a few days, thanks wisdom teeth
Thanks for the amazing vocals!
way to freakn long!!!!
Yo is on the twitters now, you should follow him or you'll regret it forever!
...Chix Mole at Nancy's, Milwaukie. Laura of Taco Loco fame has taken over Nancy's kitchen. ("Best Things We Ate In #PDX Last Week cont.)...
ur a joke, a disgrace to the game you "love" go home
Hopefully its Nothing
Today I got a fruit snack package with no orange
#FF to the hunniest of them all...my babies
I'm in 8th grade too
I'm feeling the Mavs may take this game tonight. Will be one heck of a game though.
...or eat it now, then come back for a refill
It just sucks to feel all alone. .
it's nice to know you guys are dog friendly there.
ugh so tired & not feeling too great =/ work 6-3...anyway, happy friday the 13th. ;)
I need child locks on everything in my kitchen.
Thinking about a photo contest for YILoveNY. Like if you are interested.
Thanks to & for an outstanding political 101 seminar!
Mhmh its sad when black ppl can't get along smdh
Kinya, great idea.
Feverishly cellophane-ing all morning so I can have lunch at The Beat with my fab redheaded barista! Just like the olden days ;)
I'm addicted 2 YOUR LOVE. I'm addicted 2 YOUR FORGIVENESS. I'm addicted 2 YOUR TENDER CARE. I'maddicted 2 YOUR MERCY. I love you Lord. ♥
That would be indeed the case Andrew.
Is it really morning already?
found an anthill on the side of the house the other day...hmm. not much direct sun anywhere so dithering. ;) thx.
Thanks! Glad you like it.
Happy National High Five Day!
its awkward af
that's my mavs!!! u guys Killed it yesterday at roo btw.
I'll be back soon!!! :D
Why is D'Fwan the best character on Queen of Jordan
The nose on this Negrette is so sexy...very floral and berryish. Reminds me of Frappato from Sicily.
I don't know if I can wait that long!
get youcustom seat made in time for Christmas!
Hope Hossa's OK. That said, with Torres still in the game, this is just asking to get Pit/Phi levels of out of hand
it's otey love I'll come over and save you tomorrow after your game
2 thin mints for my lunch today. Great diet plan I think...
BBQ ing this weekend? Pick a bottle or two of BV Spread to compliment your burgers.
Im gunna unfollow your ass if you keep spamming. -.-
I didn't watch!!! D:
ThingsIReallyCantStand People who change because someone else influenced them to.
Awesome! Won't see any tonight--getting set to write until I start to head-nod--but totally toolbar bookmarked it!
Have you ever had the urge to hide , then when someone is coming jump up from your hiding spot and yell...Bozinga? or is that just me
OUR BOYS WON THEIR BRIT!:D INBETWEENERS DANCE GOO!
Thanks for the RT
Too many all nighters make Cyn a dull girl
#CHARLIECLIPSISSHAPEDLIKE the clown from spawn
- lol i love when we have good asz convo's like this we just tawk bout every thing.!!! :)
Check out CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO on ya ANDROID ,,DOWNLOAD TUNE IN RADIO,ARE IN YA CAR ,,Im going on the air ,,,IN ATLANTA
awesome! We hope to see you soon! Have a great holiday weekend!
RT Let your pain trigger your Praise-Great word ! #Oxygen2012!! {loved that one too!
I have been there!
have a super day lovely :)
And finally, I'd REALLY hate to be the Superman reboot right about now.
Great job today!
You & I will always be unfinished business.
Losing by 3 and missing a key player is not as bad as losing by 30 at full strength. No excuses tho..
Still working on that whole Powerball jackpot thing... :-) Hope things are looking up on your end.
Lucky! mine was more like "if(blah){more blah}else{other blah}"
Check out our Facebook page with 10 year old who was made a cop for the day.
I've been so darn bizzzzzyyyy I'll txt ya
where is this video Bro?
": it's a THUNDERSTORM right now lol" It sure is man haha now the Lakers are reaching now lol
And on this Friday Born This Way Ball High School Dance, I got my hair too high that I don't stand a chance.
