You did it! nice work ladies. RT : Week 1, Day 1 of half marathon training...eek!
Happy New Year everyone! And my office is closed tomorrow, so 2012 is getting off to a great start! One more day to hang out with the fam :)
"'Interesting' is the great focuser."
GD Barrel Select is dangerous in my house! Love the stuff!
you bitch!
yeah yoo!! Like i been trynna get used to tumblr but i dnt get it and i cant find anyone..:/
Evil men shed tears for no one. - Laedron Telpist, The Circle of Sorcerers
What if you promise you are sorry and you won't do it again?
Why does the awful german lady always check me in?
RT : says we hate the s-word, but we r in sales.
OH I'M CURIOUS, YEAAAHH
This train is going somewhere. :-)
Senior center for LGBT community to open in New York
Addy's wisdom of the day! balance your input and output
Contact me at: . Thanks, neil antin
can't wait to see you!
Should we stay open during finals week? We are student-run which means we have finals too. Let us know if you would order food this week.
For the curious, yesterday's creamsicle fudge took 2 pounds of sugar. 2 POUNDS.
Starting to contact people in regards to the PSA we are shooting in two weeks, it is going to be absolutely awesome and timely.
& the Shrines or BBQ? I'll take Shrines.
Yup! Still avail :-) 2 GA tickets will give them to you for $40, I paid $50. Doors open tonight at 7 p.m.
HOPE TODAY MY DREAMS COME TRUE N YUH FOLLOWED ME N LATER IM GOIN TO YUR CONCERT :) YUR THE BEST SELLY PZL FOLLOW ME
": Wow. I'd like more of that please! " you got it! Clutch down the stretch
people at the bar were too impressed with candace...and me.
too good!
RT Angels sign Pujols and CJ Wilson (wow!) Halos fans rejoice.
thanks for the retweet! Do you guys have a digital version? Can I sign up?
show me the venue, I'd love to make it happen & practice my salsa LOL
you said it, not me! buahaha
(Which I can't show you now, because it's dark. But take my word for it. Full skyline, plus planes coming in over the river.)
lol its life
Not using a condom is gross, my vagina has a dress code
sounds good. My offices are down by the ferry building near a blue bottle. Tasty coffee. :)
Bride and groom.
2012 Final Four Program has a great picture of Brian Stafford on page 6, and his grandfather Dave is on page 168 (Cal's NCAA title team)
yeah...it's also the day Anne Frank was arrested by the Nazis...I'm just sayin'
I'm doing some reasearch & I need your *HELP* ---- I would like to see a show on tv about _______________.
- do you like twitter?
Dana White is going to be a billionaire like Vince McMahon!
Off to the Airport..
oh man that would be awesome lol get me one while your at it lol
I want more freedom, but that's too vague. The question is what will I do with my free time?
Let me get up for i be layin here all day lol
Thanks so much!! Merry Christmas to you too!!!!
yup :(( but either way it would be absolutely amazing of you if you promoted us in any way possible :P
RT Woo ski swap got me some boots :D / #score!
Ahh, I see. Nice.
Love it! I have so much to learn from you, guru! Shall see you soon!
Brewer's Opening Day today! Go Brew Crew!
that did it -- thanks!
Looks like we'll have near perfect weather in Pensacola next week!
Netflix is like a gym membership for lazy people. You'll pay every month... but you'll never use it.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! and also Happy Birthday to Eye of the Storm Media who is officially one year old today! Be Blessed!
great spot on this morning. Looking forward to seeing you on the field next season
We are #Marquette!
gee I wonder why...
i'm preparing myself
Congrats to for the movie spin-off!!
Hopefully all you will ever need to take is the meds
A sighting!
RT : Human Stories and capturing the dream for "born to shine" by REAL People
why thank you ! preciate that to the fullest
beans are in the pressure cooker and simmering on the stove! #wishmeluck!
well today is gonna reveal the two in the finale of american idol im hoping and praying Joshua and Jessica stay and phil phillips b gone
I believe you can boot from a Thunderbolt drive.
um if he like blows up in ur face (Lolz) sorry I just pictured it. Im gonna Deffenitly defend u
“: I have comfy clothes on and they aren't coming off. TGIF.” this.
HA! You actually have 12!! Impressive-I'm jealous - I'm not sure more than 3 of my 358 follows actually know I exist!!! HA!!
Because your not cool unless you have a twitter Amber!!
Everytime When I say I love you! you never write back!!! :/ <\3
Nice hotel though
dude I forgot about the hazelnut merengue espresso beverage. It was by far the best espresso beverage I've ever had.
hit me up,. lets network
Hey Timmy T: Stay in the pocket, stay calm and hit open receivers. Don't over think this shit.
Cano can’t find groove for Yankees
Life is good right now.
Don't tell I've been talking smack about Alf. He kinda loves Alf.
Been working my tail off in the Windy City - LOVE this City!!! But still can't wait to get back to Arizona tonight.
Thx! Back atcha! :) Enjoying connecting w/you here.
Nothing standing out for me today ... Yet :).
Just roasted and ate all the beets. M.
"So the writer who breeds more words than he needs, is making a chore for the reader who reads." - Dr. Seuss #Happy Birthday, Dr. Suess!
Happy 9,400th tweet <33 Maybe ill hit the big 10 by the weekend? :D
I know he smokes! I found his little stash and he has clear eyes in his car! come on lol
Good tell her i sad good job(:
Homestretch this morning - who's up with us???
well im going to bed since i cant tweet from my page right now smh! peace out yall!
Peyton to negotiate with the Broncos!!
RT DaMarcus Ganaway earning praise for his routes. Big WR with a Burress type build.
Well you'll be seeing just me, I think... but it'll still be fun. I promise!
Betcha didnt know: Williamsburg was the center of the virginia #revwar effort
Stayed up all night, then slept till 3.
thanks for the retweet and you're welcome!
This World is all screwed up. God is shaking his head
#Sarcasm. Of course the fact Braun did it at Petco makes it even more incredible
We already have.
imy too bo
Yep! You heard right! June 1st! RT : did you say free bacon
What's this!? My first #tweers from you and I get a broken site. You do need to upgrade that phone.
It's almost 9am and im suppose to be leaving then. How do these high schoolers do it!!!
Dang my eyes are red!
Are you attending our RichmondGATE Core Four Biz planning courses this month? We want your feedback!
Is that on the Detroit bench?
I love mind fucking girls when I walk past them . They b knowin
I was watching. That's too funny.
I hope that you feel better!!!
i cant wait for impact tomrrw
Daniel Snyder has completely lost his mind. What a goof. 3 #1s and a #2 pick for that Baylor QB is absurd!
NBA courtside may be the goat iPad app
PickUpLine: Hi. I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
1. Allow me to explain: a few years ago, Mr. Landis was reportedly working on a biopic of William Gaines, publisher of Mad Magazine, etc.
Not what I've seen..rooms go for 500+
Got $50 from recycling. Hell yeah
The website for IAN stated that there was now a fee to join. How much is that fee?
Wow. Offensive explosion
Thanks baby!
The world looks very different now. top of the line entertainment is here to change it some more. go diffrence, jri by
I am full of air.
Ha is it weird that I show pictures of my friends to my family?
This is what heartbroken feels like
i'll see you on september 17th :)
My phone is gonna be taken away D:
we got em next season , go bulls
all I can say is what the fuck
you gotta print out Athens if the kids make it; imagine a city of neighborhoods of different cultures' settlements
“The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.” — Flora Whittemore
My grandma is hilarious
And unexpected of you.
thanks Nancy!
RT : This is getting more interesting than most thought. Three sources: Extension of talks now a definite possibility.
Be good or be good at it
if i get your tweets to my phone can i get a tweet back? ;)
Staying cool gonna try making those rootbeer float popcicles and some with pepsi for pepsi floats yum
Confetti Cake Blizzard >>>>>>>>
Do you use the phone speakers or earbuds / headphones? The quality of the mp3 also matters. Did you buy or rip using iTunes?
THIS IS NOTHING WAIT FOR THE CAMPS JUST LIKE IN NAZI GERMANY !!DON;T WORRY YOU'LL SEE THEM AFTER YOU SHOWER
I forgot my lunch :(
North Carolina... you suck.
The #drupal glass ceiling: Why are most Drupal agencies capped at 30 people ?
If I had a gun, I'd be just like my hero Bryant Medina
When my legs ache, my body burns, and there's sweat all over my body, I know I'm doing something right.
Your very welcome Greg. Nice to meet u! Great day to u.
Sometimes I think the solution to my problems is stealing a page from Tyler Perry. "Theo Allyn's Drink." "Theo Allyn's Bank Account." etc.
Tortilla West!! Oh Norfolk, how I miss thee.
we have tried EVERY following spree you've had and you still haven't followed us !!! PLEASE #FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE !!!
You know, that was actually really sweet. Thank you. :)
I didn't say a word!
If you're only selfless when its convenient, you're selfish. You're also an asshole.
you're a madden 99 in my heart
What do we live for, if not to make the world a better place for one another? 😊
i saw a sloth yesterday and i felt EXACTLY like ALSO, they were feeding her.
Today, Re-Grand Opening of King Soopers at 3100 S. Sheridan, Denver. We'll be here from 1-7pm sampling our delicious Italian sausage.
Big 12 tournament >school
Instructions 4 Teacher Apprec. Week? 5th gr to bring "Drakes Cakes, Ring Dings, Twinkies..." Unaware much??
The Very Best - Warm Heart Of Africa (w/ Ezra Koenig) - 12:54 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
he didn't get it :( I felt pretty bad because it was a ong process and now he's kinda screwed! How was the show?!?
you should always be able to fart in front of your significant other. In the case of work, do the walk-n-fart.
Are contacts a pain to wear? I'm considering grabbing some... Glasses get old. But I don't wanna touch my eye :-(
Talked to about the #drivnapparel record breaking Super Drift Jump with They're stoked - details to follow.
nite sleep tight
Start your day by doing something nice for someone else. No matter what happens after that, you will feel better.
Hi Jose, Thanks for the follow. Cheers!
Don't feel like it though.
for ratings they like having the following but we agree w u. rt I wish they would go and find someone new 4 the bach n bachlet.
Are u coming to the playboy mansion event with me ur one and only babymama!!???? ": mwah"
how are you doing
Listening to my music with my Mom. Swag
2nd time catching a volunteer reviewer plagiarizing summaries from Amazon. Frustrating. I shouldn't have to police adults.
But it sure emptied quickly RT : Heartbreak at Union South after a #RoseBowl loss. No one out of line though.
Be slow to promise but quick to perform.
30 more minutes until series finale of #DesperateHousewives...not ready for it to end 😞😞😞
Hey, stop it! We're NOT wrapping up. Come on! You saw what they tweeted. Pls. don't worry #mla12 we'll be around a long time!
I'm never going to Oklahoma. RT : In Oklahoma, it's actually illegal to take a bite out of another person's hamburger.
I'm Going to see Blake Griffin's Madison Square Garden debut tonight
-chuckles- Not possible
RT - Former Seattle Seahawks, New England Patriots, & New Orleans Saints FB/RB Heath Evans has accepted a multi-yr c...
Man you gotta re-sign with the Clippers and your homeboy BG32 do it for the fans man!
Good question. RT : Without MS-DOS, would the evolution of #tech ever have made it to where it is today?
That's amazing! Feel free to email at if you need more info from us. Thanks again!
STL misses Berkmam. Carpenter is not the answer. He's being exposed.
Snow Prediction? 1-2 inches, 3-4 inches or 5+ inches. With me? Savings predictions? $1,000s!!! Answer? Savings' forecast looks better!
Oh my gosh, the petty dramas of young, privileged and beautiful hipsters is so endlessly fascinating to me! Keep it coming, indie films!
Tim Dillard is so good that he's the closer to the closer. Axford his Dillard's setup man, dammit.
How do I convince someone to pay me just to learn all this great new stuff?
AWESOME RT We have six slots for Students to Pitch their Startups (free) at the DEMO Fusionio Enterprise event in S.F. Jan 5th
Today, wellness plans are utilized by many. Add massage therapy to your plan to help deal with stress, repetitive muscle stress and more.
#ShoutOut to my new follower >;)
Hey Black C, I took that photo of you guys at my studio, remember?
Haha, oh I bet!
Matter of Justice and Fairness
S/o to one of tha strongest women I've ever met tha mother of my boys I will love you forever
Balance is the key...in all dimensions of life it will make or break you!!
thanks for the love!
Yeah, maybe no one is perfect, but I believe you were pushing your luck.
Th lure of the distant and difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are. John Burroughs
haha true true :p
We have to learn the lesson of not striving for ourselves and of having no choice for ourselves but of trusting in God's care.
sumbody hit the line
With and fml
Just saw commercial for Chernobly Diaries- intrigued. This Priceline ad with the nun looks pretty good too. I've been drinking.
Ready for #SXSWi Day 1 (via )
Woke up & was hungry so went to Safeway. A) it's packed here, b) there's this middle aged man behind me in line with SO MUCH COLOGN ON.
Tuesday, Not the same Without :)
nobody school tomorrow
Hope you were able to get your Rohrbachs fill for the day!
"Today the Lord has obtained your agreement: to be his treasured people, as he promised you, and to keep his commandments." Deut 26:18
you've been my friend! #Firstgradeandcounting ;)
Well established fact. Jesus was terrible at baseball.
so your not even gonna lemme talk to my mom?
I never wanted to go
thank God for this mornings service
yeah, I served my country too. Too bad High School dropouts like you get in. Met way too many dipshits like you in the military.
Who plays FIFA?
Thanks, I didn't even think about using tri training plans. Duh, sounds like common sense now! :)
RT meeting over, heading out to breakout sessions to do the "homework" we were given... Don't these people know I don't, and ne ...
Best NC-17 movie: Showgirls, not because of the sex, but because it's so AWESOMELY bad.
RT (P)assion = Faith, Family & Outdoors. This is who I am. (Outdoors meaning 90% #Fishing) <--- sounds like a great life to me
when am I going to see you??
New study suggests 44% of users won't click a facebook ad. You need more than just a FB page, a good web site will help....
and check out the mixtape link on my profile
u know some lil hs kid asked me to play that tonight....suburban wannabe cool kid
Presidents like mint chocolate chip
Went to to buy some ingredients for tomorrow's video. Hardest thing I've had to do. Go there and NOT EAT. Not easy at all.
Happy Halloween! Guess how many sandwiches we will sell tomorrow and the winner receives a $30 dinner!!
Need to drop 1 - TO, Lance Moore or Nate Washington. Please advise.
Also, your $5 bill isn't counterfeit. Just old. Keep it, it could be worth more than $5 in the futuretime!
Just finished #50for40 birthday ride!!!
So I'm Watching Fear Factor Havent Seen This In Years...........
i call a truce xD
#Celtics can shore up w/ some good off-season moves and be right back in the mix next season. Big Three all the way.
i hate dairy. i hate bread.
I've been using it since I was 10–it has always worked, no addiction, no lip destruction :)
if i could find someone who naps as much as me i would be all for having a nap battle.
BREAKING NEWS: Coroner confirms that the remains found last month near Marion belong to missing Noblesville grandma Dorothy Heard
Regardless of when you begin work in the vineyard, you'll get paid the same, but you probably shouldn't slack off
Welcome to the team Shannon Myers, Mark Agosta, and Tori Murray!!!!
RT : 11 Days until the next issue of the Dig-mag. We are really excited about this issue. A lot of great stuff!
I love the internet. Tonight's big find: video of Madonna's Blond Ambition Tour. Spent the evening getting reacquainted with it.
Just learned the success baby meme is actually gonna turn 5 this year. must say i was surpriced
um no I will never claim jersey just passing through
sleep is for the dead luvy.
I guess the last half of my soup is going uneaten. I've completely lost my appetite.
I know todays gonna be a good day because I already lost 5 followers
Ginger fro!!!!
#nhlconferencenames Tundra, Cold, Mountains, Warm
Happy Mornings Divas & Gents
haters of #Jelena if you're happy for they finish then you aren't a real #belieber or
It's worth it :)
Clippers or Grizzlies?
Brr! Too cold to get out of bed. Working from under the covers today.
Would love to see NHL Playoff social metrics after the Cup. Some great conversation/multi-screen stuff in market,
Arsenal remain 3rd! We must win against West Bromich in order to make it to the Champions League!
Less than one week till the Rams Head Show! Get your tickets from us soon!
yes! Lol....that's a good start!
I think I've had too much chocolate espresso cake to go to sleep any time soon...
What a great time of year! The weather is heating up and so are the #NHLPlayoffs! Let's Go !
Heading up north to get married this weekend! Can't wait to see everyone and have one kickass party weekend!
that game was fixed.
Breakfast scramble, buttermilk biscuits and cantaloupe spritzers! It's time for brunch!
Look for us on the roads! We out chea!
I stood up to a tall person today!:) #takethattallperson #shortpeoplearentafraid c;
Kobe's pull up jumper >>>>>> x 1000
For any Pilot Never Forget
Would The Hunger Games be as good if it were written as an adult series? I think not.
My mom just asked if stoudemire lifted weights.
Everything I wanted and more! SO GOOD!
will you wake up please :\
save time and money click the link on my profile i have everything target does. Lower prices free shipping
I gamble with brown rice
Genuine love is the most powerful weapon we have against the enemy. We can overcome evil with good (Romans 12:21). –Joyce
“: Seriously, if you don't like bacon, you're a bitch. #GuyCode”that, and the fact that I havent mailed your letter makes me one
The show is at 10am not 8pm
u gonna have any more???
what up fam!!
Whoops - Bad call RT : Lob City should have focused on being Defense City, Memphis put on a clinic!
Thanks for stopping by!
Hello to all my followers (new and seasoned)!
so cute! I will pass it on;)
Wat is going on with me right I can't believe I feel like this #Fallin/hurt
Remember that container Mr Dehne had his fruits in? Kenny was high so he just left it on a street corner
welcome to 2011, oh wait, 2012
congrats to y'all for getting it done
When I Fight I Tell The Bitch. Don't Pull My Weave Or Ima Beat How Much I Paid For It Outta You
Great day today, moved into new office, made lots progress on client iPad project. Done for tonight :)
well he's not gonna win a ring this year lol so that will be up for discussion once again when he gets eliminated
haha, what u wanna talk about? :)
Health Tips: do not eat over cooked cheese (i.e. over cooked pizza) it's full of known cancer causing chemicals -grill lightly
Lol tf RT : Birds have been caught masturbatin while goats, hyenas, primates, bats & sheep have been witnessed engagin in oral sex
:) He's amazing, beyond amazing always making me smile<3
LOVE that you are using the title of my movie "Media Malpractice," but can I at least get a shout out? ;-)
Oh, I assumed they were hating on you for quoting Lou Holtz.
We love you! Good job my alien :)
how you been George?
Are you an unsigned or indie #CountryMusic artist/band & looking for someone to review your music? Contact us on how to schedule a review!
Educators are discussing ways they have acted to mediate meaning and cultural issues in the classroom.
Oh boy!!! Pandora is killing it today
Very loud Bagpiper, in a kilt, at the Irish Channel on the corner if 5th and H Streets NW. We will update as the situation unfolds.
Katy Perry's cat is named Kitty Purry?? I am not a fan of her music, but I admire her ability to play with puns.
In the band, who can do the most authentic Irish accent?
What's happening?
I continue to be mildly amused that my washing machine has a "casual" setting. Que?!
Right. Or boycott is recent, since these things are planned like five years in advance. Aigh.
the good wife, really?
I love how 's Keith Meka just got to ask a question on on LIVE coverage.
- My point is that MJ teams never lost like Lakers have to Mavs last season and Nugs this series. MJ would have killed Bynum.
It's like we're waiting for a show to start ;)
Finishing up lunch with Sushi Wabi is great now ice cream!!
Jazz theory 2 final in ten minutes. Bouncing off a band concert until then, omgeeeee! Today is fast paced!
Words can't explain how much I hate west test.
I'm going driving for the first time! How about a good luck follow? :)
Hungry as Hell
my back freakin hurts like hell!
my HS reunion is coming in june ah!
RT : Lasseter on iterative process: "every Pixar production was the worst motion picture ever made." (at some point) work at ...
Thanks for the #FF ... missed it, but appreciate it!
Filmed on locations in Oakland - #Sen. Boxer visited the set... #Eric McCormack was in rare form racing up a down escalator!
Lease is signed on the apartment! Let the countdown to #sagrad begin!
Good news-- Employers surveyed plan to hire 19.3% more college graduates this year than last. -
Lamar is a bum! Guy left his heart and head in LA ...
Wishing I could read all day - need to finish FIRE BURN AND CAULDRON BUBBLE by before Book Club tomorrow.
That 78 foot wave was amazing!
ahah! yeah i think i will!
Can't wait for the big news to be audience-ready!
aye yo i dnt have ur number to tell you i left early today.
's presentation for the Southern Maine Wellness Council #SOMEWell on Social Networks
What did one lesbian vampire say to another lesbian vampire? See u next month
I've been ruminating about which color to get since I got my ipad3!
Hahahahahahahaha, going HAM on them pictures yaamean.
I just got here so I'm guessing you don't like spandex or cottage cheese
lol your welcome! GoodNight :P
Use text marketing to let your fans access your schedule. www.zesmo.com
It really sucks that you rather talk about there sin problem then wanting to pray for em nd offer the solution of freedom .
Eiswein - German word for "ice wine." An intense desert wine made from very ripe grapes frozen on the vine.
Groupies follow me like twitter (;
hell yeah bitch. And we got another car comin. Did you expect something nice?
Funny how one minute you can be so close to someone & the next it`s like you never knew them.
especially not by a dilettante from the field of Education whose goal it is to rewrite a book written four times already
Ok, my contractor is still gettin the work n & I dare not stop him....already weeks behind
Congrats on your nom!
you're sweet, just come by for a seminar. I'll keep you updated!
teller hit my line lol
I have an eventful week ahead and it begins in t-minus 5 minutes.
Things can change. Life is unpredictable. Believe in the impossible, because everything is possible.
Just watched a video via about Creative Agency. LOVE their philosophies and the way their company is run.
Thanks to Jay and Patti from for a great brainstorming session!
Happy Valentines Day! RT I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
just On Call - CEDC aims to out-muscle Russian rivals Russia's vodka market will consolidate, more through smaller players going to the w
We got to get you out here this summer. You are too good to be hiding back east. Remember these words: GO WEST YOUNG MAN!
What are you wearing new years eve?
I had to.
Quiet people have the loudest minds
Its pissing me off?? Yy cant i login to my twitter???
Listening to Columbia Professor Richard Bulliet's History of the World to 1500 CE found on iTunesU
Dave Grohl. Forever sexy.
RT : So how long u gone leave that weave in ???--- lol that's funny. But a lot of girls need to be asked tht question.
Talent Managers to work with? I have a lot of castings as well to share with you... Amen... Daniel :)
Because we LOVE our Tweeps so much, we're extending our deals until the end of the month! Call 617-227-5499 for an appointment now!
Free girl band name: "Kiss Attack"
I'm not surprised, We watched it enuf...
“: Respect yourself. If you don't, he won't either.”
Catchphrase of the 2012 mtg of the #SocietyForAnthropologyOfConsciousness: honey bourbon, aka 'bard lube.' Thanks, Tina!
yeah I know, not normal :p thats sad. you're so abusive to the poor little freshman. I mean they already have a hard time
A true friend believes in you, even when you've stopped believing in yourself.
Go here - my current fave. I recommend the mushroom app, wine and tuna. RT : Monday buy 1 get 1 free bottles of wine! All night!
will u plz follow me?
Yes he is, but we know he'll flip flop again later. He doesn't have youth votes.» ”Desperate”
RT Been waiting for Obama to lose a fifth of the Black vote for 4 years now.
Congratulations - I hope you make use of some material from Super Mario Bros.
what kind of phone u getting
turns out it's dead...
BFF RT 24hr breakfast delivery. my new best friends
Hope u r having a wonderful afternoon! Thanks for the GM!
DaBelieberMafia Then there's Jeremy: Woah, Justin! One lucky guy. GET SOME! ... And uh, remember to use protection!
"dude this bread is like dinosaur bread" - what like its old ? "no it's looks like bread dinosaurs would eat"
The new Google webmaster tools interface is looking good.
Sorry but i would rather not listen to Cinderella cd.
Tonight at the Marigny Opera House: Nasimiyu, The Craft Brothers, and Matt Perrine
AND DNT HOLD THAT THE FUCK UP! JUST GIVE THEM ALL MY BOOTY ESP THE ONE WITH THE HAIR
The Eagles love the Cox!
Heading to the Casino with my mami.... Its how we bond. And I like to talk to the old people on oxygen support.
no why u say that we just like da 90's music or era was epic from 2day
Before I even click the link, please tell me it's STFU, Parents. 'Cause I LOVE that blog & have vowed to never be featured.
This half time show is awful...
Good point. I'll keep tgar in mind instead
17 days into your new year...are you hitting your mark? Today is the day!
: Thibs needs to do better in playoffs and learn the value of rest. He goes to the whip in a playoffs & there's nothing left.
Not a 4th and a 7th. Just got the 7th pick in the first round, and a 4th round pick
Things I don't miss about college: looks of sheer dread and lack of sleep amongst my cmte!
i see u on instagram with all the pics where my photo at??
duck my sick! -_-
Thanks for welcoming us to LA this morning as we took up statewide endorsements for June Primary
Closing #creditcards could hurt your #creditscore by increasing your card utilization and affecting the average age of your credit lines.
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear; We need to talk! :o
#FF thanks for help to
I have a feeling I'll be in the pool in my underwear by the end of the night.
Bring the question of #civilunions to the floor of the #coleg. Quit being a coward
"Good Monday Morning.... "Happy Labor Day"
That iRobot commercial is hella tight!!!! Bout' time they used cool ass people lol
Welcome civic thought leader thnx for following the consensus hub
God hates my teams this season
Like oh my gosh, my science buddy is so cool! And he ha such a cute butt!
Let's just say that I'm glad I really love Rails. Having to redo a ton of work right now.
. asked if social media is addiction. Same as asking if socializing is addiction. By that def, all instinct are addiction, eg food
my colleague has great Instructional Designer position available in Denver, lmk if interested, #lrnchat #ID Job
Ron Christie on Hardball dismissing climate change as junk science. Says Al Gore and cronies made millions on myth. So that happened.
cool mention twitter & get 20% off your purchase, I design one of a kind pieces & nice real jewelry
RT : Might invest in Netflix again
: Team Twist REALLY runs Twitter!!! ;) hell yeah U
It's the ONLY reason you're here, I bet! Loved CA, lived in Seal Beach (south of LA) and Pacifica (by San Fran).
God is good I made it today! Althou it took me 2hours to get dress from marathon soreness I feel greeaaaaat! #NCAA tonite yes
Let me know how it goes?!:D
if she's Horse Ebooks then God help us all
3 words for the season finale of = OH MY GOD! . OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD! I'm mind blown!
Yeah tryouts sucked. Going back next week.
When people play around in the gym.
My last night in Northern Michigan. It was great to spend my vacation up here with my best friend. Not ready to go back to work.
Demi Lovato makes me feel good about myself.
I prefer airport and gas station varieties since I'm constantly 'donating' mine wherever I go.
Great day of drinking!!!
2chains said you can look at him , you'n need cable
Merry Christmas all you tweeters!..I PRAY THAT THIS NEW YEAR WILL BE A GREAT ONE FOR YOU ALL!
i am who i am
Nervous about the liga... I want Barça to win because Athletic... ;(
The French seem to have a chillingly archaic view of autism and treatment. Wow.
Good luck to everyone who submitted their 1 minute film to TechSoup last night!
2012 formula for success: 1) start strong; 2) stay strong; 3) work smart; 4) demand an appropriate return for your work; 5) reject B.S.
I hate to miss it! I'll be there next year for sure.
Broncos take CB Omar Bolden from Arizona State with 101st overall pick.
im discussing it with my dad tomorrow but im pretty damn sure. just wish they would hold off on the sale.
#TGIF indeed! Going to see Stephen King and John Mellencamp's musical tonight and an Atlanta Braves game tomorrow.
Again, agreed.
Running a
you obviously won't have problems getting a user name, but whats the point anyway
Leadership is finding out what's important to others and making that important to you.
Kayaking the California Delta: Sandy Beach
Last call: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that takes place ON A TRAIN.
Damn I hate this weather it makes me sleepy/lazy!!!
Excellent. Andrew's still waiting to mix and master this bad boy, by the way ;) <3
kk S/O please(:
ugh nothing new on disney! Can't wait til sunday
In teaching today I confirmed my suspicions that literate Haskell makes for great, interactive lecture notes.
Really ought to grade this hyperbolic geometry homework - really... ought... to... - DvL
very cool - that reminds me that I need to go back to Five Guys. Perhaps that will be my V-Day spot. ;)
Can't wait for the call!
embrace the v. It's slimming.
Gotta get that new Bobby Valentino- Vitamin V
they look yummy!
WEB DEVELOPERS: is hiring! Check out the full job description on their #Web site.
Events: some are moneymakers, others like Maker Faire are more about increasing brand awareness: 80,000 attended last year.
I think they will take one of the first two games on the road, but I wouldn't be surprised if the Thunder come back to win.
haha random stat: somebody found our website with the search "dirty birds self-control"
Just got email spam: "Don't miss out on becoming a Zen master!"
Just participated in usability testing on new & soon to be released update to educause website.
How u go text me wit sum random stuff and then when I ask u why u ask me that out the blue u say no reason... Idrc just tell me the truth
Banging out some work and then heading to Fenway with a fine crew to celebrate 100 years!
Dear parents, its time to realize that isn't just a singer. He's your future son-in-law, so start respecting him. <3
#YEE I have 1081 so exited(:
FYI-for those of you who vowed to keep the Christmas spirit all through the year, I didn't get a present from you in Q1.
It's Championship Weekend for the Gold Crown Volleyball League!! Our 10th Year Anniversary Season is coming to an end.
happy birthday!
Don't let your fears win.
Morning world. Didnt do anything crazy lastnight
#conanNYC so good!
Sometims u gotta cut off your finger to save your hand
I miss Dale sr also.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!122
D1 takes one on the chin in a loss to Metropolis in a tuneup game. D3 wins against the carnivores and earns a playoff birth.
Vegetables are a must on a diet. I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie. ~Jim Davis
thanks for picking up the ball on this. IPhone fail!!!
At this rate the game will be over at 9. Yikes.
I thought I was last. Timeline should be called "Takingastepbackwardsmessyline"!
Haha oh yeah, I forgot to put it back lmao but I'm glad you saw them! They are too cutee.
I don't think Twitter is ready for SKREAM Halloween Day! You will have access to our entire club (2 floors)! 4 Bars | 2K PPL | 1 Party!
Hit me up on Facebook to!(: Im under as Nikki Jayye Hernandez It would be amazing if all of you people would add me!(:
If you haven't seen The Hunger Games, you're missing the best thing since Evangelion. This coming from a HUGE skeptic.
I be that pretty modafucka harlems what im reppin
i have belch abt some people..and some (boys) too.. fuckin boys!!
Anyone know the time of the game on Friday?
Yo!!!!! We need u here by 4pm!!!! We leaving early!!
"If you would not be forgotten, as soon as you are dead and rotten; Either write things worthy of reading, or do things worthy of writing."
Old news???? This is Breaking News!!
No, I have not officially "lost it", I'm making bottle cap accessories and sharing the good Magic Hat sayings. :)
Remember forgiveness is for you, not them.
Gagnon would have to be dealt as a PTBNL, since he's still less than a year removed from signing his first pro contract.
Are your safes ready for Black Friday? If you open early and your safe has a time lock you may want to take measures to get that handled no…
how gay is boise's offense?
When you let the gas nozzle drip 3 times and it cost a cent
On the 8th day, God created M&Ms. I'm just sayin'.
Rock it
using a framework similar to the one at work: break down goals and give target time-frames. someone to keep accountable helps!
tennis team nigga
we don't claim to have all the answers. What we have is a set of questions that we pose to ourselves and others
I'm sure he was just writing covered calls right? I don't see anything unusual about that...
We made it! #kiroconnect is now No. 1 on the Seattle trends list!
That's why I got a locker. Doesn't help with frozen fettucine though, huh?
« I'M TRIED OF PEOPLE»
RT :Landrieu admin will launch "new crime fighting policy" today 2pm. Oddly the word "another" was missing from press release
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 13 Washington Redskins 20 14:54 in 4th #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
wanna hear the newest music? check out the 24HC concert tonight at 8pm & hear pieces literally composed last night!
Just awesome. ": RT : My lifes purpose is use my gifts to help others. A1 #inspirechat"
Tonight is Jim Ripp playing all your fave songs!
Cutting my hair is always serious business 😳 my biggest fear is that they mess up and ruin my hair 😖 ....
I'm halfway gone...
Dodd-Frank's flaws will make a career for many academics. It's such an over-reach for some (me) and not enough for others.
You're lucky you're engaged...you'd have to fight off ladies with posts like this.
Seriously ready to hang out with kaytee
wassup future wife
Teacher mad crazy about the class
meet he is also doing a citable open video project for
What are alternative ways to staying in high school instead of dropping out? #edchat #IAspireTo cc: :)
Right back at all of you gal pals!! RT: : Thanks for your love today! xoxo
hey I wouldn't complain about that.
Just saw Adam starring & Cried my friggin' eyes out!
the biggest new question from LA X? how did juliet know 'it worked?' thoughts?
nop never.. you should have blue :)
I was wondering the same thing. I don't remember this many debates 4 years ago.
Well I certainly hope you're right! I do find it odd that a lot of my baseball hopes ride on the bat of some 19 year old.
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road... #greatalbum It is in my top ten all time...
holly joel cut and dyed his hair but it looks good!(:
why am I so tired
It would have been nice to see this game go into overtime lol
If I didn't want to walk I would have been done knock a bitch out
hahaha ur straight clowning right now
Sir Speedy will be closed on Monday, December 26th. We wish you and yours a very Happy Holiday Season and look forward to serving you in...
yeah it was!!
Why didn't anyone tell me about Dawson's Creek?
he's already guilty in the media and in this country. Guilty til proven innocent...SMFH
mid-life intellectual narcissist make same malthusian error of static extrapolations :)
Off to Charleston tonight!
Thx for the retweet Phil! And thx for connecting.
If we get 30 likes on this status we'll post a new song at 3 PM tomorrow.
Laundry, laundry, who else is doing their laundry today?
STOP looking at every person as a lifetime member of your life. Reasons and Seasons
I take a break from my homework....to do other music-related stuff lol
so your really comming out here? did you buy your ticket
who all is going to the orange and white game tomorrow?
Thanks for following
Debating how many times one can send a public message to b4 crossing the line btw adoring fan and creepy stalker chick . . .
Indeed. The day's highlight could have been posting a French video on how to open a bottle of wine with a shoe.
Insecurity can alter ones characteristics
A little karaoke before work...
Did you hear the one about the door company lawsuit? It was an open and shut case! Hey a bad joke is better than no joke at all right?
alright you win(:
Nissan Revs Up Predators Fans With NHL Playoff
Sitting here in social service..tryna get these stamps b.ck
self-emergence seems rather Kafkaesque and self-organizing seems to result in my odd wardrobe choices...just sayin'
I HATE When People Say They Are Random.. Seriously STFU..
Ugh hate when you wait for your order for so long, take it home and not only is it the wrong thing, it's raw!
my bad I couldnt chill and chop it up my nig. Had moves to shoot
you are definitely in the D3 area that supports 105 speed. let me try a few more things on my end
How did they turn out? They look delicious!
#Gators top #LSU in first game of #SEC softball tournament 1-0.
i would respond with, "the 2007 you is coming out"
want to shed weight? Buy and use a fitbit. I've been using one for three months and I've shrunk by two belt notches
#20factsaboutme 8. I cracked my head open when I was 3
- well, thanks. :) Thanks for the Tweet of the Day too. Keep on truckin'.
well arent you lucky.. if they did have them, I would be a very happy man.
I'm a bad friend. A terrible child. But an okay acquaintance.
Thanks for following! Love your work.
it's my BFF 's #dream to see . Plsss DM ME!!
Molly ended up with 3 goals and 3 assists. Tommy pitched 2 scoreless innings and got the win, plus he had an RBI. Good day athletically!
At the grocery store, shop the perimeter of the store. Often you will find the food that contains the most nutrients & least processing.
[-] even earlier. Someone must have tried to explain furor over Nixon pardon to me but what I got = Ford responsible for Watergate (=BAD)
Going on a #ziptrip? Need some winter driving tips? Look no further: www.zipcar.com/zipsafely
Yeah and help out give a shout out to the show !!
Taking a 3 hour tour of penguin town
Great performance last night in Sun Sisters!
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
god times :)
lol i get mad when i play it lol
Buckeyes to Host Florida State in Big Ten/ACC Challenge
Do not skip meals -- Not eating enough can actually slow down your results.
Enjoying this beautiful moment, each one is uniquely gorgeous & exquisite even if you can't see it, like the design of a melted snowflake.
Not the same seeing the E Street Brand with no Clarence.
Hearing about McQuarrie reminds me of spending countless hours paging thru the ESB and RotJ sketchbooks as a kid. Great inspirations.
RT [via ] Don't forget: Joe Biden still has two wishes left!
of me
that's really fucked up of you to say that
i just sent my boss a text full of emoticons including a thumbs up....it's going to be a good day!
who cares...
Vinny Liked My Post.! :D I Feel So GRAND<3 Right Now :D
tonite w/ sum lovely ladies spinning timeless music all night long...
My timeline is full of horny ass guys -_-
Our little Jack is having minor arm surgery tomorrow. Not sure I'll sleep at all tonight. Could use all the prayers you can spare!
next Wednesday, the 23th, I am having a party for the web concert! Can't wait! Spreading the word! (:
Amazing. I never thought I would live to see this. The times they are a-changin', indeed. Thanks for the info!
Newsweek magazine cover argues working women want to be dominated in the bedroom - GlobalPost (blog)
My new Christian song"The Blood & The Rose" should be available on ITUNES Next week! Check out the free preview! Thnx again for the support!
omg I missed u girly I can't wait to see u tomorow :)
BBC Radio 1's essential mixes make the day go by way faster.
Thank God there was SAFER barrier where Eric hit...man, that had tragedy written all over it...keep praying, they did go straight to heli
KEEP TWEETING LYNN. and people will follow you :))) ! <3
Duck tales #1 comes out today. Can't wait to get it!
I still find distinction d/n "doing" & life online odd. Is act of searching, selecting item, clicking mouse etc not "doing"
Damn right :b : Happy G Day gotta pop a bottle when u get to TX!
Inexcusable for Florida to hire a FB coach without previous head coaching experience. Should've learned lesson from Ron Zook years
flakiness should be reserved exclusively for baked goods.
I'll send one in the mail!
Assembly green lights bill 4 uniform assessment tool for #C students. Saves $$, builds efficiency & more students assessed.
“: Going to see my boy in this weekend. Way to go playa'... Proud of you. RETWEET.” Devon 4 President!
Writing a blog post about Saturday's trip to Tijuana. I think you'll like it. Just wish it was done already. Tired!!
my air forces literally make me like a foot taller. omg.
happy b-day to my bestfriend aj anarchy
#ideation12 friends, know any aspiring youth entrepreneurs? will sponsor students 2 attend #Teenpreneur 4 FREE. DM me names
I want my life to be the same as it was at the beginning of last summer.
So much for #junglekarma for Ryan grant huh
Thanks for the compliments on the new hair! It's my birthday 'today', so thanks for making it a good one!:)
I'm excited to be expanding into the Pittsburgh Market. Stay tuned for more updates!
I miss and but im glad theyre having fun at the beach :)
The germs have found me :-(
Anyone # Orioles see how close the A's first baseman, Allen was to cutting off that throw that ended the game? I gotta see that replay.
so how uu been
Just forget it. ^_^ ANYWAYS....
...that's fucking hot.
Stinky was at a tasting over the weekend at Davco Liquors in Thornton, CO Daveco is the largest retail liquor store in the world!
whoops I mean a while back...
#nahjnm2012 is about to start! Lots of really great sessions today. #ABQ journos get over here!
I'm all :) right now but tomorrow ima probably get mad at something and be all bleh Lol already know myself.
I accidentally giggled out loud when I read this.
When you see her crying hold her and don't say a word<3
I live there!!
Ehhh that's what they all say
yes. Also dancey thing at distillery?
Campus Networking Meeting
as cliche as it might sound, i really want to relive saturday night again <3
Have of that did happen. The other half was fictionalized in an erotic fan-fiction short story.
": All they had to do was ask themselves "what would Kobe do?"..." Lose by 30
Hi Alice. Excellent. Send to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Library and Archives 2809 Woodland Ave Cle Oh 44115. Attn: Laura Moody
We support
just met a guy named Garrick... weird.
yeah - the imported isn't very good either. Don't mind paying a little extra if quality is good. Its a tough year.
Thanks! We're glad you like it. RT : #nowplaying Home is Calling by song made me decide to download their music :)
Get better soon :)
Tai Chi and ping pong in Bryant Park starting tomorrow. Nothing like a vigorous game of ping pong on your lunch hour.
Sorry about your facial piercings.
Short Taiwan stock market again tonight.
I like my skin AND yours.
Can't believe it's been 4 months since I started at so sad it's my last day!
You just put a target on that old man's back You should not reveal their real name
im 18 not in no type disrespect u am suspended for 3 days ill be back on thursday so ask me then
no prob bob best song ever
Chokdog (Chokdog) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
may 25th is my birthday! Yay!
Wish i was at the video shoot
We need to invest in a locking gun safe for our office. That way when children visit they can't access our Nerf Guns.
Nobody is thirsty!
Dude, you are en fuego today!
Not as awesome as you!! Can't wait to see the finished product!! =)
An episode with a baby almost dying and a season finale like that? #Dexter why would you do this to me?
Tell a friend to follow us!
Bank Prosecutions: Paying for Freddy and Fanny's mistakes by elimination the banks' ability to fund innovation and growth. Politics!~D
I know what it is I'm tellin you I'm not my hands already up but you still talkin so you NOT ready
If you want a phone call in return, yes - it could be helpful.
dna and program codes -- both describe, prescribe and delimit abstract/ed space?
I am good actually. How about yourself?
Love never fails; Character never quits; and with patience and persistence; Dreams do come true! -Pete Maravich
Watching Salt.
A burger Avatar w/ hilarious tweets? RT : What am I to you?
/wsj-staff ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter to Haiti. He's back in US to report on aid effort Interview avail
no problem! and thank you so much <3
Phelps looking pretty comfortable.
i just noticed....i eat with my fork upside down...hmm
Do you love Bryce?
its my birthday in 8 minutes :D <3
Will be installing new board of Hearts & Hands tonight, a San Ysidro org that does countless work for needy families. What an honor.
Can anyone share an interesting article? Need to get my mind away from my worries.
Got my iPhone at long last! I'm ready to take things mobile
I love surprise visits from :) seeing him always cheers me up.
Where do we go from here?
I live like 3 days to get to London by plane! And yes I do! :) x
Trivia tonight at 8.... And it's Christmas themed so get ready!!
It was wear your fur coat to church today at WPC. Wow. The second it gets cold out come the furs.
As long as Flacco is QB, I don't think it matters much. RT Jacoby Jones is coming to Baltimore
Katy Perry's On Replay, She's On Replay.. DJ Got The Floor To Shake, The Floor To Shake.. People Going All The Way, All The Way♪
"it's a bit nipply outside...I mean nippy"
You'll just have to wait and see!
Aww thanks :)Your welcome! love you too! &me too :)
Brilliant move by & having open the show.
Coming up next week: proper healing, nutrition and other tips to guide you on what to do post-surgery.
As in tattoo ink?
Can't tell you how giddy I am at seeing the words "genuinely collective effort" written in an official capacity.
Kris Boyd, you are now officially the enemy!!!!
Thank you for calling reservations how can I fucking help you
We would be honoured to have you on our show Lee, Vince Taylor was on and speaks highly of you! You are at true inspiration!
I hit my hand at work and it got kinda swollen
Boozer can't or doesn't post up and korver has to rely too much on ball movement to do anything on his own. We need a change
I've never watched it, I've been judging it by it's name alone.
morning joke: A lighter joke for you. If your clients are rude, ask them what 5Q plus 5Q is? Once they answer, say Your Welcome
we love you too. That's cool.
1 reason the country is so screwed up is because "the leaders" have their mouths stuck 2 another mans anus while screaming "I'm NORMAL!"
that's the gym I used to work out at! Ever see Scott Lade in there benching? He puts up over 700 lbs!!
Welcome to our growing consensus hub and guru Thnx for following!
Bring it on Mr. mayor :) RT : Yes! PATH Train series!
Insanity earlier....and now kickboxing time!!!! BRING IT!!!
CUTIE ALERT! : ]
so my hand doesnt hurt that much to play guitar and for the first time in a long time im playing come back to bed cause I miss my girl lily
who gives a fucc cuhz it can only get worse
Goodnight twitter world. See yall tomorrow!! :-) Hope everyone has a wonderful night :-)
Great Game! Have a good night:)
Mark Witkowski, VP of TechDev, Sheridan Tech Lab takes stage for strategic and agile framework around innovation.
Slow & low is the way to roast Prime Rib! Chef Bill roasts ours for at least 8 hours.
"Here I am reporting from wing of hippogriff, traveling at the speed of hippogriff. But I don't think they're real. I've looked on ebay."
We have some Hunger Games lanyards and 3D Katniss bookmarks here...Holla if you want one and we'll hold on to it for you.
I wonder how many butts this chair has seen. -I'm bored questions.
Great first day as a D3 District for STI! Looking forward to great benefits. Thanks and team!
tell me more, meg.
lucky? Girl or guy? Sorry I'm confused. Are u a girl or guy
“: To do what you doing in yo avi. ": I wonder what my purpose is?"”
Harris I love Ur 69 followers
Make room for Andrew Luck. I just saw crew removing Thank You Peyton Manning banner from side of Lucas Oil Stadium. The era has ended!
Workin out @ #LAFITNESS listen 2 #music, dancin & rockin' like I don't have a care n the
RT let me know what you deserve...
ok. Think you could help spread the word?
Words are weapons that leave scars no-one can see.
Getting ready to speak to parents at the final Fall 2011 Registration at #usffw. You can feel the excitement and energy on campus!
stfu! You are just an attention whore who has no life. Bye :)
Jayden is dancin his lil butt off...its so cute
#ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk...DANCE with any and everybody ^_^
Happy birthday again I hope your having a good day (: We should go to wof again ^__^
dumb fangers ...there was the intent..
1 big room full of singing eponines
Attention seeker much? hahahaha
Is seriously thinking!! What to do????
RT : Getting ready for a good time tonight with book release party! $4 miller lite draught, $5 Yeungling draft & much more!
I think Parenthood may be the best show on television.
interview me like one of your french girls
Howell hits a fly to left. Gary Ward is there, and the Twins take Game 1 of this series.
RT : S/O to for stopping by the #DesignEssntials booth! It's great to see you.
we are both from alabama
:I can help!
New radio AD running on KOH am 780 this week, in RENO! Got a QUICKBOOKS mess? Call the QUICKBOOKS GAL! If you're local, give us a call!
Going to gymnastics♥
I feel like passing out... Because of your face.
Ryan Braun wow dude! Power display going on at Petco Park.
I have the game on in the background. Last time I looked up, #Lakers were up 15. Now I look up and #Clippers are within 3.
but what about when they were turds. Can't be fairweather.
when is the college entrepreneur contest over? I can't wait to see these results!
Good luck Hon!!!!!!!!!!!xoxoxoxoxoxo
GM! Please "like" our FB page, Mocha Couture Beauty Bar Boutique...Thank you and have a great day!
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice. - Bill Cosby
Auggie should turn down the promotion.
My stomach feels weird. 😓
If its that easy its not worth it...I'm still standing...
Oh, my! 23 days to "Life and Death in the Pyramid Age." To Do- Final conservation on 4000 year old mummy and installation of Pepi I statue.
who knows, anything is possible :) she does have 14,000 YT subs, even if half vote daily, that's 7,000 votes!
Time for my weekly
good morning sis!!!
I'm going to be a touch late...Aaahh, finals week...
Thanks For Following, Guys!
The little piñata on display at iparty? I NEED IT.
RT : I'm not even back at work yet and I'm already feeling super guilty for getting this burger. Crap! <---m, burger, drooling
A 'hands-on' training for w/ the Pack TE group? That's cool during lockout right?
It's been raining all day. I love it. You can't see my tears in the rain.
You're like my favorite song on the radio, I could listen to you all day<333
We Love you Houston Places!! Who toots your HORN?
Just one of those weeks where things are working against me. Come on Friday, bring me relief.
it's the last austream of 2011, ARE YOU GUYS READY? (:
word....: If only the Knicks had played the other games like an elimination game."
I'm so tired -.-...I might fall asleep in class.
If you can figure this out lol, man that was funny
i am so bad at twitter i cant find our other tweets!! How much is lower level ticket to tomorrw game?
We must go through bad times to get to our best times! You can't expect something great without facing a difficult challenge.
My 11 yr old brother just sprayed shaving cream on his wall & made his name... He's obsessed w/shaving cream. Lmao
Glad to have you back on Twitter. Looking forward to your session in June at World Innovation Forum 2012
Hope the book has encouraged & inspired you. Enjoy! ^staff
you don't have a soul, neither of us exist.
I can, I was taught since little!=]
I REGRET NOTHING RT ": listened to a surprising amount of the dixie chicks last night #dontregretit"
#Text RU to 90210 for latest info & student #specials from #Rutgers University. Does your #school keep you informed? If not, we can help.
is forming a close, personal relationship with her air conditioner. It ranks up there with amazing items such as her laptop and DVR.
Sounds like someone scamming for a free book instead of putting $$ down at the bookstore...
#214million RT : At least prince fielder can stay healthy....
Sure, as soon as it clears approval for the Apple app store, we'll be doing a blog post abt it & prob a small public event.
The warmer the day, the colder the drink.
God gave me up for the ups and downs..
yea that counts haha just text me. i'm getting off!
yup and im coming back tomorrow though
Ignored Ponder/Dalton/Kaepernick b/c consensus seems to be they aren't 1st rounders. Mallet or Locker= more value than others in 2nd
Ha yeah it's Shakey aight......damn bruh Ha give those ears a break
lucky! Its been a while since we've ha any rain
better not unfollow me, I'd bust a nut if he did. But ina bad way.
those are a great gift!
Newt is backstage. Ready to take it in the ass for his masters
Ten bells. Are you sure you aren't already wrecked? Where are you?
omg i was messing around with this program and changed the pitch of a nickelback song and it sounded like a GOOD FEMALE SINGER
Jerry "Lightning Foot" Flynn
yes I do.
#reds trivia: which manager tips his hand that he's given up on a game faster than any other? Hint 1: he often employs
So glad #BillyCrystal hosted the #Oscars! He did a great job
I have more followers! face
Breaking News Today: Financial Disclosure - Tax Returns Show ...
How could I be expected to handle work on a day like this?
U are welcome, Enjoy it and Spread it on ...
It's gone to halftime and knotted at 2-2
I am average, but together me and are beautiful
What outlets do you think will be most effective to use if we want to portray more positive images of the youth?
Alone in a room full of cameras monitors buttons and joy sticks.
This 3-day weekend is yours to enjoy.
i'm jealous :P how old r u?
thanks babe:)
Kings of Leon, What Makes Them Unique? #studentpapertitles (nothing, turns out)
Oh my God. The Walker ads. THE WALKER ADS. Hopefully, $25M buys you enough ads to annoy everybody into voting for the other guy.
I want to buy 's book on the strength of the title alone. When is Dial M for Murdoch available in the US?
Thanks for this week's RT!
Chicago is always a stress reliever 4 me...N that's krazy considering 40ppl shot 10 died 2 dayz b4 i arrived
full band preview may 24th @ acadia~ very proud to b rockin w some great players!
“An artist must have his measuring tools not in the hand, but in the eye.” Happy #birthday to Michelangelo!
Good night everyone sweet dreams sleep tight dont let the bed bugs bite dream of whoever tonight
Nope. Don't think I've heard of that
. your mobile site comes up with no mention of contest.
Good morning
“: COME ON! IT'S #OPENINGDAY PEOPLE!!!” I'm feeling good about the Mets this year.
#NP Better Than I Know Myself - Adam Lambert.
thanks for the supportive article!!! Will keep you posted if our battles with the city. Keep those fingers crossed!
remember the good old days when we could choose Democrats or Republicans? Now it's Democrats or Communists. Oy vey
John signed it first, and then I was put on the spot in front if her to sign. I would have rather cut the shit!
LOL! He was a scoundrel.
-hooray that we finally met!
Yeah on paring and finishing. Change the metaphor; it will help in the future.
Everytime I pass my ex-brother in law's house I have a total breakdown... :'(
: Ha! No doubt bro. I'm thinking come NBA Finals time we're going to have a lot on the table.
Being different, being an individual IS beautiful be who you are and spread love not hate that's being a stained glass heart
Was thinking same thing myself- driving downtown during WIAA tourneys sux. Do cars in small towns not come with blinkers?
and I like lance but doing that when you don't play is dumb
yea, slow but was good
Wedding last night was off the hook even with all the rock and country I had to play!
he's not 100% wrong. its just so slimy.
If you show you have talent, or God almighty a job skill stand ready for retribution!
Holy Lord I just stinkin LOVE your tweets (: your such a sweetie and cutie. Have a blessed dayy (:
Congrats to my cousin, engagement life 💍 I hope the best for her ＆＆ her boo thang💕
Thank you Monica for speaking ! Your light, words & good vibes so inspiring!!! Much Love!
sorry, yes :) asked me for DFW food recs and I thought you might know a thing or two :)
#PackDraft great picks. I'm so excited about these prospects that I don't think I can sleep.
If we do, I require a "I brake for pumpkins hat"
tami u is a bully huge bully
Had lunch at #StonehouseQ . It had some great pulled pork BBQ
cant tell on fb either ;P
I laid flooring in my kitchen last night and in the process had way too much #vino. what are you doing for the #superbowl?
hospitals make me so tired ... 😔💤
bradlee's news judgment is once again, correct -- a big fuss over nothing. It's all atmospherics. Re:Woodward-gate
Meet joe black. I always like this movie
i love the mountains of tennessee
Thanks so much to everyone who came out to play #assassin last night !!
it's a fact haha. If he suspended Shea Weber, it's all good with the G hit. No consistency whatsoever.
Which is good cuz I don't like crap phones. Ha!
These ribs are banging !
Gods the only thing we will ever need, so why do we choose to put everything else in front of him?
What would you do with 640 million dollars?
Now they want laugh as I slowly walk to the car.
What is your favorite city to wrestle in outside of any from the state of Texas?
Ron Paul Speech at College of Charleston, SC LIVE on Wishing the young people in the audience were a little more
Back in Boston. Rain, fog and big piles of dirty snow. Not too cold though!
Mindful tweeters have their Twitter, Google, and Dictionary apps all on the same page.
I think there are plenty of potential, and likely actual, scenarios that warrant a policy.
"Midnight in Paris" is going to be available on DVD and Blu-ray in the US on December 20th! Still no word about a soundtrack album.
THE NEW MONE SINGLE IS 10 STARS HANDS DOWN. www.itunes.com SEARCH MACK MONE doin it bad
*looks into purse -____- starts shaking head* naaaaa you can pay this one time. Lmao
Panama City, Florida March 24th
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
Today marks my 1-month anniversary of employment. So far so good! People are awesome and the work content is interesting.
DUDE we have the final manuscript draft of Blue Dolphins here at FLP and you should bring your class to visit
Yeah, might have to call it by another name… "fat-free ux" ? :P
Go Spurs Go!
Mom sent me to bed so I'm listening to the game on the radio and the game flow chart on ESPN's website.
So excited! I can't wait to check them all out!
thanks for the RT Jackie!!
If you think they are cool, buy a pair.
Thanks, but that RT goes to
Nothing to do...
just glad u made it back!
Making brown sugar bacon waffles for dinner with
I don't really want to deal with transnational advocacy networks right now. I'd rather just troll tumblr.
Some officials comlain about the rising unemployment rates, yet these are the same people cutting jobs.
I wonder what Idaho is like compared to Indiana? More potatoes?
just so you know, Hope was killed on Celebrity Apprentice and Bin Laden was fired..from the world.
Such a great place for Happy Hour spots... Chinatown!
I've never been in the state of Wisconsin but my heart belongs in Green Bay.
leaving for the weekend 😊
so who won the cruise??
Is it a really tense sport to watch? At least you could knit while riding in a golf cart! How fun! Lol
Why is this flight so full? Who chooses to fly to DC...mid-week...on a red eye?
she said te amo ...i hear a pain in her voice....somebody tell what she say.....dont it means i love you ,i think it means i love you <3
Knock KnockWho's there !Brendan !Brendan who ?Brendan an ear to what I have to say !
And if our #GOD is for us, then who could ever stop us?
could you point me in the direction of a guide?
Anyone want to rescue me from the grim fortress called home!
omg yes!!! Loved it, totally resparked my love for reading!
is so sexy to me
he hasn't tweet :O
Finally got around to the Survivor finale only to end up wishing I'd rather be on the Clemons jury.
Watching the summer league right now......chilling with big Cleve
Well i have to go nice meeting u Katelyn Good night love you ;)
"Few things are harder to put up with than a good example." Mark Twain
Hey.... Drive+ Money= Success
Brady St. is the best place for people watching
Laundry time!
Thanks to all who participated in today's iSeminar ft. Touro College! If you have questions, please email !
I know yesterday was the unofficial last day of summer, but I wasn't expecting fall to happen so quickly.
Shieber: Harvard has had downloads from their repository DASH from every continent in the world, including Antarctica.
Great party at the W celebrating our talented staff, new brand, HD, and all things San Diego! NBCSD is the place to be!
#ToyotaAztecTrivaTime: The winner is randomly chosen and announced around 5 pm tonight.
Its nothing like having a #Virgin to love :)
about 2 hit up
I have the sliding-glass door open and the dog is mezmerized. Because she can't use the dog door and get out there or anything.
you dress up for spirit days! Just consider this one. Please?
: Even if you think YOU don’t need the Church, others in the Church need you. Don’t b self-centered.
we're so glad you are enjoying it!
cody simpson?? :P
aw thank you very much! <3
#ifjustinwasmyboyfriend we would play pranks on everyone!
Here's a shout out to the Fox Mole. Way to go, Joe. We all know about Fox's pristine reputation, don't we?
Way to spread the good word!!!
Ppl hate to see u happy.. lol I'm an ass .. I'll smile & Wave at yo stupid ass! Lol
dope crack
GO TRIBE!!
Ron Paul wasn’t born, he liberated himself from the womb.
I did Comm first and now IT. My job is both!
You know whose beautiful? Read the first word.
Morris Award goes to Where Things Come Back by John Corey Whaley.
yea yea the NY hatred just ticks me off can't deny I'm gonna listen next week
No im not the real Jeremy Lin! obviously, however i have the inside scoop on him, because im with him 24/7
Celebrity sighting: someone who could have been outside of C-8. Not sure if it was her. I'll await confirmation.
And, she's back.
good movie night but of course drama had to take its course so i stopped it :)
right tlkn bout thats my god son the only one i do all that for
Can anyone provide insight / examples of iPads being used in the Corporate Classroom?
but, but is a boy scout & son of a preacher man. Clearly he can't be corrupt, just surrounded by it.
hello everyone hope you all have a great day :)
Everything is terrifying and wonderful at the same time. I'm so afraid of February.
Love how like the TT's are like all about KG
why am I sick in 70 degree weather aaaargh! but feeling a little better. May go for a walk and gettin ready to record session tomorrow!
I had days like that when I was in grad school. But usually it was because I was too busy.
I'm abt to cook some food & watch a movie my head is pounding! And this weather is bipolar and making all the more tired
See you Saturday!
I know it's late to say it but TGIF!!!
Happy 2012 everyone! I hope the new year brings you plenty of happiness! Please help me out and sign up on OneFreeAd.com for free!
eh. I'm pretty chill. I would have found it sweet.
70s every day next week.
Gonna go paintball with the boy
Sweet. Doors open at 6, show starts at 8.
Free Introduction to The Aspen Program - Do you want to develop your psychic abilities? Everyone is psychic & everyone can improve...
Sad news. Mike didn't make it through surgery tonight. Please pray for his family and for our staff .
History teaches us that when a barbarian race confronts a sleeping culture, the barbarian always wins.
not sure people know what they mean when they say "data literacy"; data literacy != info literacy; != media literacy; != stats literacy; etc
Oh hello twitter people.
RT : RT : "She turned her can'ts into cans and her dreams into plans."
Two Chainz's be that *igg* that spent it!# CanIMeetCha
he and Tex might need to form a blues band...
I saw the fork in the road and went straight!!
Yea, something's not right. Unfortunate, but I don't think US can help him.
UHM. So a couple weeks ago Justin was in Deerfield Beach AND I didn't know -_- he was on my beach and no one told me
Why does breathe smell like latex?
Class sounds awesome, can't wait.
go to lusty lady and get me some ideas for burlesque! and a souvenir! miss you bay-bee.
When you've given her everything, what do you have left? The answer is nothing. Absolutely nothing.
Nope: all about #recallWalker. We non-union sm. business libs have own reasons “: I thought #wiunion/#wirecall all about "Labor"?”
Drew 102 RT : 100th Podcast done. Brent Barry was the best. Maybe we'll get Jon Barry for our 101st Podcast.
You're very welcome. Have a great week!
Hi Kelley :) Thank you! What's up tonight?
alright! Televators is supporting you guys on fb and twitter. Plz follow back! ~peace out ...bex
RT : We need to set our own boundaries but we also need to respect other's boundaries as well.
lol. Who's your fav then?
I think it's a version of Soilent Green, but brown and less nutritious
that penne alfredo was a huge mistake.
I refused the full body scanner @ LAX today. Got the pat down and honestly not so bad. A whole lot better than getting cancer!
#sugarshane is holding his own pretty well against
And let's not talk about "at" at the end of a sentence. Where you get that at? Behind the PREPOSITION!!! UGHGHGHG
This has been a long day, atleast I have a pizza party 7th bell :)
In India, they call it Nidra Meditation :)
Girls, Girls, Girls, by Jay Z playing #JayZ fan #
One more subscriber to get to 800 on my youtube, lol. So much going on neglected site for a year. Just havn,t been there. well I'iIm back!
hey happy birthday! c:
Congratulations for taking advantage of it.
I love Russell Brand. He sticks up for what he believes in and for that I admire him immensely.
so i see you haven't followed me yet all i gotta say is whats up with that
#Florida needs to stand its ground on #StandYourGround law. #DebbieWassermanSchultz needs to be #repealed, not the law! RT
im a Capricorn my bday dec 26 me n prod the same age lol
good morning twitter family <3
I'm just done.
Back behind the window for the first day of sessions at #CTaC! Which sessions are YOU attending??
I'm up
For sure! I'll make sure to introduce myself at your poster session.
Don't forget to like# us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/rachelscurebydesign
me too?
Prepping our next video, it's gonna be a good one!
RT thanks for the tweet, #ableveterans picked it up which is awesome! - thanks for the shout out Bryce!
Mike Green!
#SongsThatWillAlwaysBump Biggie -Hypnotize
When's the last time you had a good fart?
Emasis is breaking into a jig to wish you a pot of luck, full of smiles, top of cheer kind of day... HAPPY ST. PATICK´S DAY!!!
- yet another reason why #socialmedia rocks!
happy resurrection day everyone! Jesus has risen for us...We can be saved =)
Another day at the office!
I didn't know you worked there
will pass along to newsroom.
On behalf of The Love Crunch Company, we would like to thank the judges at The Big Sell Competition for naming us one the best start ups ...
Hairdressers and grandparents always have the best stories.
...THATS CRAZZY HE SHOULD NOT GIVE IN
Thanks for stopping by and speaking to our #NLCAtlanta class today!
is that your kid?
