Just got home from work time to.get to bed once again
Thanks for the support and retweets ... this is the home strech.
stumbled upon convening around the ping-pong table at too cute.
Teenage Years. Best & Worst Times Of Your Life.
Sara came out to celebrate our michelin star with the moto crew last night!
...well, no statue for Mather I guess!
At home now watchn cheaters :-D a trip, my man went to sleep on in the middle of a conversation about cheatin, WtF
Wow they have a memorial with stones representing those killed.
man I missed all the fun today. I was driving around town chasing breaking news.
Has anyone seen the epic cover of Businessweek? Incredible illustration of the tangle of Continental and United.
i need to leave
Smartphones and tablets of the future: Not only are devices getting thinner and smaller, but now they’re becoming more flexible....
Why is it impossible for me to sleep in?
Someone should come keep me company!
ahahhahahaha! You know I have that song stuck in my head...but I'm listening to that song "Gaston" from Beauty and the Beast
better lawyer: perry mason, matlock, or Matthew Mcconaughey? discuss
Shot out to for putting me up on that new Little Brother. Yall need to cop it!
I just said the same thing haha… RT : Am I the only one that thinks it hurts dampier to move on the court. Wow he looks old.
Thanks for listening Martina!
The power plays look even worse from
Repubs. "we're Loving and Moral. Bu,t we don't 'coddle'" Toughen up
Not trying hard enough. My wife is still making money on her blog.
Rooting for a great close game! Go Giants! 35-31 prediction...
The difference between a "reference" and an "advocate" is one is "reactive" while the other is "proactive" - HUGE difference
is Soo Overrated Now :/
omg lol thats reckless. Be careful
I'm sure we can call up Cody Clark and go with three catchers in tonight's lineup too.
Lac La Biche foster care boss released on porn charges - CBC.ca
nothing like family! Hey mrs browco
Last chance for us!
Hope you had a fabulous Mother's Day. :)
laughing my ass off.
Just applied as an Apparel Industry Product Specialist for a Swimwear Company in Los Angeles.
Gettin ready to produce this Noon Extravaganza with , , and !
Dont hate. Adore, love and appreciate
Back from the store. And I see the cigs are still needed.
I luv watching guys at the gym do wrist exercises as if they are preparing for the jack-off olympics.
Enjoying my directorial journey-Paul Campbell: Life and Times of a Jamaican Movie Star which opens Miramar Cultural Arts Theatre on Dec.11.
Starting 11/09/11, NO Monthly Dues until 1/1/12 for all New Members! Come see us and Join to meet your New Year Goals!! RETWEET!!
I bet he takes a big duda too.
My TL was crazy last night haha
that gets you 200 points!! Alright, which Prez liked to take daily skinny dips in the Potomac River?? AND NO GOOGLE!! =)
My Doc Cinema sista will be talking the producing life on tonight from 6:30-8:30p at NYC's Showbiz Cafe as part of the African American...
home summer. summerhome. unpacking.
That could be because there's only fifteen people here.
I may be quiet around you, but you should see me with my friends.
Love has no meaning to this damn generation..
Liam! Do you love ur spokane wa fans??
Just getting out of bed! ( ha! It's 7am here) Give me a few to get some coffee :)
I feel sick.
I don't exactly remember the burger bet. What was that for again??
Ok I'm giving this thing another shot.
yes lik crazy
it was! So much talent.
RT LSHMSFOAIDMT= Laughing so hard my sombrero falls off and I drop my taco. That's funny!
Any one have any exciting adventures this weekend? Share them with us.
ya only have an online shop right now. We'll give you free shipping if you want. Just use code SENDIT for free shipping
shawty put it down on mee. song stuck in my head. swear i have a new song everyday stuck in my head! :)
NAp time!
Rather be hearing her voice right now than Drake in my ears
Have search engines killed the squeeze page?
that was a phenomenal tweet and I definitely remember sending it
I think wins the award for best choreographer
That thought did cross my mind : )
I'm not gonna lie, I actually don't like perverted fans...-Kelly
I'll happily tweet the link. My followers can handle hot lists, I believe.
Day 4 of 6 am's.
yo thanks for the #ff! hope you have a good weekend!
I noticed on twitter that you were looking and just wanted to start a conversation.
Ok all these screaming babies and this kidding kicking my chair has to stop #Peoplepleasediscipline ur child! Smh
Not doing homework tonight. Just nyquil and some fantasy factory
Very relevant. Thanks!
i want to give a shout out to he has an amazing tumblr omg !!!!!!
Ty Kirk is growing as an athlete at UNM despite the unforgetful start.
RIP Whitney...
#CrossCountryAdventures over. In Massachusetts.
In the downtown area?? Stop by SACHE to see whats new! Also become a VIP member and enjoy a hot cup of Chi!
“: Wow. This is the longest Oscars ever.” I love Steve!
ok I think I want sex now
yes let's lunch when earnings is done, hang in there :) excited to see you
#nowplaying Dark Fantasy -
Night Twitter.
Brand new beats!! oh yes , the album is gunna be poppin!! :D
Doron Lamb scored the most points by a UK sophomore in the national championship game with 22 tonight.
Seriously just got yelled at because after a mentally exhausting day of work I'll come home and take a nap or watch tv. Isn't this America?
F the haters - you da man and tell it how it is....
our really cute!
Hey Chicago! We sent some Krankshaft to Comiskey/The Cell for you to drink today. Cheer for who you want, but drink local.
cause you run away :)
These juicy sweats fit nice
It took me a little meandering to find the right place, but I love my dept. Everyone should transfer to Rice anthropology
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad When she doesn't get a, "unique" name.
“The mind is a superb instrument if used rightly. Used wrongly, however, it becomes very destructive.” Eckhart Tolle
Happy Easter!
We just got a new batch of farm fresh eggs at the market, and we're still here for another half hour!
i'm sorry but is the best host of any show. i laugh at how some of the hosts try and comfort the contestants.. haha :)
Friday has finally arrived! Will you be saving money using coupons on all those things you're buying this weekend?
“ #Sagittarius loves their friends.”
63 in the house already? brr!
hmm I was thinking about going out with her on Sunday and we all surprise her at some lounge in the city.
o hes good!!!
lmao WE WERE SO ADORABLE.
I smell like chocolate.
Dallas Pop Music: Katy Perry Wraps New Video For Complete ...
haha yeah bro id be down...well run something this summer!
The Shadow of the Wind by Carlos Luis Zafon. Spanish writer but its translated. Fabulous! Mystery, intrigue, romance and more!
Romney winning #Catholic voters in #OHPrimary &
Awesome! Tell her she needs to pick up the pace on tweeting! 😉
Thanks to Dan Velez casting for your continued support over the years! You are on eof the GOOD GUYS!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 7
We should be performing at Warehouse Live sometime in June so look out for that! It's going to be big!!!
The revolution didn't stop at defeating the Czarists. It also had to defeat the other reactionaries.
No, sorry. I'm out in Ohio right now, so I won't be able to make it. Let me know how it goes!
all the pretty gurlz: follow me rite now!
safari cuz I like the way the bookmarks page looks. that's my only reason.
OH: "Not only are you racist, you're also a pterodactyl."
If an optimist thinks getting struck by lightning is lucky, call me a pessimist
it was so great to see you last night at the Santa Ball! hopefully our paths will cross again soon. Will you be at #FriAt5?
hey Ryan I don't. You might check out actors and crew. They might know. Best
Rehearsing with Preparing the next show with the band!!!
Happy Birthday KCox...we are coming for you...
You should collaborate a rap song with ! You guys have much in common
Wow, sounds like you've both had a lot of experience on both sides! What kinds of things did you two cover?
haha ok good! yes that's nice of you to wait :) love you mi
It knocked his thumb out of the glove? Really?
Hope all is well !
Just overheard someone say "I hate having to drink so much water everyday"
The biggest enemy you�ll ever face or deal with in life is ... yourself
Everybody's selling dreams, I'm too cheap to buy one.
Walk Now For Autism Speaks.Chicago walk May 21,11.Its so hard to find people willing to give just$1.Door-door I collected $47
The Stitch and Bitch one?
Just told my 3 yr old not to use his green marker on the outside of my laptop. His response: I'm making it a little cooler mommy
My daughters have the best step-mom in the world, thanks
New York end of next week. Lunch!
SHOW US SOME DRAGONS ALREADY. #Game of Thrones Season Two
lol are you going out for Mexican?
TJ throws that ball before the break. Dre has to get position there, no?
ENTER the contest now and we will waive the 20.00 registration fee. This is only for a limited time.Enter
When are you taking it?
What you do to me.. Look what you did to me.
and we love you! thanks for taking pics the other night!
Ah family guy just never gets old lol
#FlyMeToLondon not for the Olympics, but so I can be closer to One Direction :D
welcome sweetheart! You are appreciated!
Smedley: "It does not take a revolution to solve these health inequality problems"
I love you
I'll help you trend it
big game for both teams positioning wise RT : Chicago Bears Vs. New York Jets 12/26/10: Mitch's Free NFL Football Pick
It is up to you to motivate yourself and change your life
Nice! Good idea re: automation. Also, RTs require more commitment, probably a better idea anyway.
#FF and keep updated on her #journeyofadoption Blog! It's very #inspiring. Have a wonderful Friday All!!
Forest Gump is in every other house in suburbia
It's a Pittsburgh Conspiracy!!!
A monster bald eagle circling over the valley. Resident ravens not throwing down the welcome mat. Top Gun Alaska style.
Just saw the trailer for Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland, and it's all I could hope for. So excited!
Day (3) done. Dead tired.
It's gonna be a rough allergy season this year. Get your "gazuntites" in now.
at home..
and sorry you couldn't sleep. I hope all is well for you. :o)))
I didn't understand this tweet. Was she saying I'm rude?
Hey I make sense!....sort of
Remember to walk. It's a low intensity workout that can help you maintain your weight because you burn about 100 calories w/ every mile.
Twitter: A Ranters Dream. hum... like ?
Any good link/info 4 effect of $1 billion cut by Walker on Wisconsin schools? Besides my mom and uncle forced 2 retire early.
Pssh, of course you love it. (;
Got a blown sub to work
dude your kidding right?
I don't see what the big deal is about hunger games....
did I see you in an Iams commercial or was it your identical twin?
I saw a picture of them the other day without shirts and just pads. Holy meatball gravy
Well, okay. Fuck you, too. -.-
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do
Supposed to be really good. Pretty sure it'll be more satisfying than say, The Devil Inside.
Thanks RT : dope work
but aye that also being productive Af so dont feel to bad.. & btw have a great wk
decent swell?
someone fuck me and pay me in gum.
Hard for him to hide his bitterness...
The only thing wrong is, there's not 100 of them
RT : The Real-Time web means you no longer have the luxury of relying solely upon pre-planned marketing and PR strategies.
Where is this "Walk the Moon covers Fleet Foxes" gig? Looks jiggy/wiggy. ;-)
My mistake it's 4 and a half hours now ... :/
Makes sense. I've already had to replace the battery once because it blew out the bottom of the computer. Thanks for info.
Why is it that the genuinely nice niggas gotta be suspect with you woman? Can't he deadass want to make sure things work? Smh sheesh...
favorite indie movie: GEORGE WASHINGTON (2000). Worst big-budget studio movie: PEARL HARBOR (2001)
Can't wait to be the Vice President of Programming and Events for this fall!
I'll be at #stopmakingsense tonight at The VIC. Hope to see you!
LFR explains how his research is trying to place a larger focus on differently-abled persons' interactions with technology
and Thanks soo much for coming to watch us sing! Ya'll are the best:)) Love ya!
Freddy Mercury, Slash, Malcum Young, Neil Peart
Wednesday night fely like a Friday night ! Duke's Country Saloon was nutty ! Thanks all for coming out !
yay! So sad I missed your visit!
Jump to the rhythm, jump jump to the rhythm.
Learn from your past, work hard in the present and you will taste success in the future.
i have seen live 2 times when do i meet him D:
Let me know what you think. Haven't seen it yet and would like to
11:11 wishes were always for a Ustream. They do come true :)
#texasrelays Its gettin wild out here!
Become an expert in your field and get coverage. Everyone is an expert on something, and the media uses the term ‘expert’ very loosely.
If only Collin could play the game without his shirt on.
lol nope. He's REALLY cool. I interviewed him once. Still fine imho.
Quiet time in the house after everyone has left = productive hour for me.
You girls are pussies! Stop subtweeting each other!
Had so much fun at Dancing With The Stars:)
Just saw this on a billboard: "Potential is dormant ability."
which ones the 12s
Kurt Cobain killed himself the same year Justin Bieber became famous. He knew....
Nobody on the Yankees.
we will have a Stoli Blue Doli for you bud!!!
no, just a snowcone with a scoop of ice cream on top.
Another 10 years is a necessary evil. I support our president and our troops. Time to renew America
Delayed in St. Louis till 11:30
It's #WhyILoveMuseums day and we hope you'll send us some love. Spread the word and share some love.
#Belly (where you check in to earn pts for sweet rewards) <3's its followers. RT this for a chance to win a Tanktop for TANK YOU Tuesday!
terrible debate
Looks like Zombie Crawl will definitely be hitting the Guinness World Record mark. Make sure to gather all of your friends to make sure!
Ahaha you got it! I'm the midget in the yellow hoodie and the Packers t-shirt.
U better follow me back girl..lol
Yeah, well where's his statue!
Cake for breakfast... Again.. Oh my
How did this happen...only one @ #HackettsRaiders not drinking(except for a victory Jameson)yet I am last 1 @ bar? Oh yeah- :)
Hey everyone! Tomorrow when you're tweeting from #GradBash, use the hashtag
Let's go 'Bama!!
I love you so much. If you killed yourself, you would kill part of me too.
shot me out of the sky your my kryponite
let's sleep til the sun burns out <3
Just barely caught my next flight! Too close for comfort!
Cooking channel has exciting shows for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Giada
Showing up to work an hour early.. Fml
I Love my bestfriend More <3 We Got Each Others Backs No Matter What BFFL :)
just a helpful hint :)
It's Thursday.
Are You Going On Nike SB?
Hello people of twitter! :) What's happening?
i gotta feeling ohh ohh tht you should follow me:) i love you!
Just watched Letterman. Great job!! Big fan of IRT.
Reminder, we're giving away a pair of Portland Timbers game tickets tonight on Timbers In 30. The show begins at 6pm on Channel 12.
has the answer for dealing with presentations that include code on slides: bring a pair of binoculars!
75 to 1 on the prop for the first score A safety
Happy Friday!! Have you seen any good movies lately?
This time next week I will be getting settled into the new place. There's so much to do that my head just might explode. Inhale/exhale...
Is there a full moon tonight? People have lost their gourds.
hey man that's too bad, I was looking forward to seeing you
also I like that story better if it stars Channing tatum and doesn't end with me being dumped for Jesus.
hey man i say Iz the Wiz in 4, Lefty Mickelson wins with a 69. print it, shut it down, good night Irene.
Defendants, lawyers reading transcript of jury instructions. Jury begins third day of deliberations.
REALLY? it's maken me a lot of people, and then, JB didn't follow me -.-
(cont.) she's supposedly my BESTFRIEND !!
looks more red than orange
For #Clemson folks, Larry Abernathy died today. Lots of great stories in his classes.
ohh you hanging out at Edge Pool? Have fun ladies!
I've seen some in doctor's offices, but I'm unsure if they were replicas/copies or original. He was one heck of an artist.
im so tired... hope i don't wake up in the trunk...
wait until season 6!!“: This tweet contains fouI finally watched the last episode of Season 4 of Dexter. Holy. F'ing. Shit.”
so true. after a decade in newspapers, i can truly write that bad habits die hard, e.g., not understanding one's audience.
All ready for hometown dates!
There you goo :)
Manning talked about spending time with JD Walton. Called that bond important.
no worries! Can't wait to see you when you get here! :)
lets go do something dude .
Telling you I own the moon! Whats good Chad ! Great letter to your "dad" the other day!
Just got home from seeing the Avengers!!!
Thanks for the tweet on maxim salute to heroes tailgate. maxim is still doing the saturday night party and tailgate! cant wait
Who remembers the game Rampage?
Lol Whoops. I might have ruined my no curfew streak.
So. If I photo license plates of the 2-3 cars blocking G St at 15th (EVERY evening) will owners be fined?
Dancers! Why do YOU dance? Tweet me and I&#39;ll RT!
so excited!!!! a year is so long!
I think everyone ( ) needs more Dancimal in their lives, come to SD this weekend !
Never met Bry, but I'm a huge TESD fan and think he's and inspiration. Tell him his fans wish him well.
aw man I ain't even get to know u lol
#archives predictions for 2012: baking the first of many Betacam tapes, LTO-5 storage backlash, phenomenology of Film v. Digital 2.0.
Wonder what I need to do to get to follow me…
Finally figuring out how to do Paperless Post; aarrrgh
Im starting to feel better today, me n nessa gonna get the boys from Amarillo today, ready for the full MMA sparring at Bighead MMA tonight
Maybe I had put her in perscetive that she might hurt me
Looking for a miracle... Anyone got a Googe+ invite to spare?
No work tomorrow if I'm lucky
Drunk annoying people on the Haunted duck tour... Please rescue me, someone
NP: Master Cylinder - Jung at Heart, Channel 53 on Sirius always bumpin those funky hipster jams!
I bet thought that last tweet sucked
any tips for recording a video w/in a #gotomeeting mtg? audio & picture not in sync
If you mean racists, sexist, homophobes, you might say that, instead of stereotyping.
thanks for the follow! I look forward to your light filled tweets :)
you can tweet about how much you love me and
Grinding = working in the zone for me.
oh that's bad. I watched 8 seconds so in bull riding time that's the end
wrap up and more pictures from the tail end of the #librotraficante, and longer, from a distance, content coming soon.
W ill is having no problem over here! This guy had 3 layers of grub on his plate
Good Afternoon Boo..
Love has nothing to do with how much you retweet. LOL
haha yes im back on track i never left though , just umm take breaks.
It's actually a she :) Aww thank you!
I would love to see that!!! What book would you pick? *puts you on the spot* :P
Girls just wanna have fun...
Check out our site it's Free ! Http://www.dagnomusic.com
lets go pinstripes 9-0 is weak
Why are there frogs falling from the sky?
Beard Papa
Welcome to LA! Seeing trailers for #Bunheads and getting very excited to see it in June!
They're taking my blood again! Vampires!
i thought it would be me lol ^^ thanks my dad took an awesome video of me and rusty<33
Holy hangover batman.. Fashion night out in Le Grand Pomme was amazing, but the rest of night was better! I officially love The Box!!
Actually, I want to go out tomorrow.
the girls used to speak english
didn't they teach you to always go to the bathroom before any type of big event whether sports or a long trip lol
hey there
Vanessa Bryant is the highest paid NBA player to never play a full season. She just passed Greg Oden and Juanita Jordan.
Just smile "CeCe" its going to be alright!
i did like you said and threw an oodle of vegetables in a stock pot. I think there was even an avocado in there.
Excited about friends coming into town tomorrow!
yayay!!!! I want to see you when I get back from spring break!! :)
So, so true. RT : The creator of Elf on a Shelf obviously didn't have kids. It's going to be a long month of 6 am wakeup calls.
I find your choice of words a little odd, is this picture you?
I wanna be a rapper.
this aint no picnic bitch!!! Hahaha said you always use to say it from malibus most wanted lol
I could really go for some food trucks today for lunch...
Hey, nice to meet you last night! That Danish film was something else, wasn't it? Good times, good company! :)
PickUpLine: Nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex?
All I'm saying is, whoever invented twixx is my nigga! lol.
But sloppy is sloppy.. Floors,walls, but never the girls.
When does illegal mean illegal to our government? The government should not be cutting checks to people who are in the country illegally.
Bobby's room
Thanks for the RT. We are fast approaching launch and would love to connect about that if you are interested.
Conversation has moved to challenges of funding structures where tech is funded as special projects not g ops
: Hi Chris, nice to meet you! One thing I miss is the English beer!
Happy Mother's Day!
Ok, which dumbass Sgt. do we blame for burning Koran's in the birthplace of Islam? And we wonder why they hate us?
Who uses that as their default, for crying out loud??
things are great.. how have you been
#ThoughtsWhileRunning am I skinny yet?
i am SINGLE not bcoz i Don't Pray for LOVE... But, i am SINGLE bcoz i Don't Play with LOVE.
USA is a medical hub,medication in Arizona are cheap and affordable
can't believe the girl said big time rush....I was like really?!
Like Pizza!
the USA has hired one lot of people to keep another lot locked up. -- cavadino & diggin
I generally agree, but was okay with it this week. Probably because of the situation I went through (I'd be Addison).
my bday is coming up. So that'll be my bday present? Pimpin my twitter out :)aha
I really wonder about the intelligence level of the those media members voting for the "MVP"
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you laugh at my stupid jokes
Georgia qb Murray read the blitz well but threw it right into man coverage
don't talk to me meanie -.-
lol smfh u suppose to be my nigga for life
Cast photoshoot yesterday was successful! Thank you guys!
happy birthday! 2
Workshops are in full swing and the learning has begun.
Where all the cute/fly dudes at.... These dudes be lame... Some lame ass fuck
Oh my fuck... My leg hurts
Downtown willoughby with Brendan Alyssa and Danny :D
Innocence Proves Nothing.
You're buying 2 jello molds, wine and a cheese ball. You must be going to a mad men watch party!!
then I'm definitely taking them. -_- ha!
"A single neuron is as complex as the city of San Diego" - last month, at being human. Great metaphor.
Girls. How you act like your pussy the bomb, but you a virgin?
Lawyers are the only persons in whom ignorance of the law is not punished
In an effort to revamp Panama City Beachs' Springbreaker bad rep, all branches of law enf. r very visible now. PCB has broken ad ties w MTV.
what happened?
Debbie plays with an octopus while cooking
can't believe you were in new york and didn't tell me. i totally would have forced you to go see
I fucking hate everyone..
Why do they get a "special" place? That's sexist.
Thursday. Be there.
RIPAngel she will be the most popular dog in doggy heaven.<3
I Be Wondering .....
It is fun and makes you forget about the dreaded exercise
Badgers play Montana first round. I like it!
Mother's Day isn't any different for me any other day. To me everyday is Mother's day. Idk what I would do without my her. I love you mom
FYI my professional twitter iws It is not quite as entertaining though.
Great docket. Is it Robocop 2 or 3 that has the gang of pre-teens terrorizing Detroit?
Our second congressional briefing is coming up! Mark your calendars: Wednesday, May 5, 2010!
Sure. I'm an #Android and #tripit user. What up?
Not only that, they're all young hipster types who THINK they're "progressive."
POLL: Should youth be able to check FB at school? Why or why not?
I had 2 loan 10,000 dollars 2 Randy Carl, a church deacon He couldn't pay the church back 4 money he absconded for personal bills
practicing geek pick up lines for the weekend? RT : How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
My birthday is in 11 days 😁
happy birthday!!!!!
Doing VERY well :) Been busy, spending a ton of time with God and my ladies. Hence no time for #DadChat. How are you!?
thanks Eden, we'll see. it's just like, ugh, I'm killing myself for you guys + this is the payback? I don't get it...
#TwitterlessDavidBrown is a crab with crabs on his chode
Sorry I wasn't following you before! I now have high expectations for links to super sweet cabins.
Hey KK!!! we have an iPad2 for you.. just RT my posts... ;)
P!nk, Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, and Rise Against are the nominees.
thats not a truck Big Man
I don't think Ryan Gosling is here. I would have for sure seen him by now, right? French dude from, The Artist will have to do.
what kind? worth it? meat!
Almost beer 30...
When a job posting is up on BSN. You need to apply within 5 - 7 business days. OH by
You have to spend $ to make $. If you don't value the UX your visitor won't value you
One embarrassment of parenthood nobody tells you about; Having your coworkers catch you humming childrens' tunes at work.
♬ Happy Birthday to "Soulja Boy" Deandre Cortez Way, American Rapper, 2007 Had No.1 Single here in U.S. with "Crank That (Soulja Boy)" ♬
A prayer for my cousin .... She got a ride from my mom after a long day from work ..... Bless her heart 😔
Learning about Ogden's crime center.
where at?
That's what you get for being all Mr. Cutting-Edge-Technology!
I never knew love would feel this fucking bad....
So true! RT : A2 Personal brand is VERY different than employer brand... not a valid brand if reliant on all the parts.
It doesnt even lock!
My name is Soo ANNOYING Jesus I need a new name NOW someone give me a nickname or something PLEASE!!!
- London Police aren't helped by allegations of taking money from journalists (I know that wasn't your point)
Flight Opportunities Program: Brings payload providers and Suborbital launch providers to test hardware before orbital launch.
RE: Sometimes it's really hard for me to pretend like I care
no I look up other things and your just jealous because you don't have a computer
All my friends are graduating college and all that shit. I'm starting in September... Jesus fucking christ.
...but you can call me lil' weez(ing).
Craving Fast Food? Try these easy and healthy homeade chicken nuggets at home! Serve with oven baked fries for the full effect:)...
How'd all this food get in my mouth. I thought I was dieting.
: no, I meant that my side of the conversation means something to me, but not to anyone else who follows...
Will I regret this if I don't get what I truly want? The new way I live life. I guess that's called PRESENCE
Absolutely! RT : can you get the food to go?
u too have a fun weekend! Love my
RT : Variety Magazine did a write-up of Anchors, a new feature produced by Congrats to the production crew!...
Ok, Thank You, I will ask him
Now that's an exciting idea. What do you think ?
Log on to www.MyBizXchange.com today to see how we can help you grow your business!
girl i already am
party is NOT at my house!!!!
#IADMIT im ugly
Paul McCartney is coming to AT&T Park July 10th. I don't have the time or money to try to buy tickets & Harold will probably be sick. :(
Thanks so much! How are you guys doing?
Best relationship? When you can act like lovers and best friends at the same time.
Have a good time without me
the kid in the Doritos commercial
what it do famo?
Got some shorts on for the first time
Stay safe, everybody. We can get through this together.
You have a nice weekend too, my dear!
RT : Okay..who broke gmail? Or is it just me...? | Not just you.
I like that only a few of my close friends know what my prom dress looks like that way everyone will be surprised when they finally see it.
Thank you! Your Brothers, BBHC
8.12.10: BOOKED a supporting role as a Jewish Mother in MURT RAMIREZ WANTS TO KICK MY ASS! CAST by Erica Palgon of Casting...& Beyond!
#FF my strange brother
u still a lot further than me. lol
so happy and proud! xoxo break your legs!
Woke up with heart racing again. Think I need to quit drinking
Recording Vocals today!! That means NEW SONGS SOON!! Well old songs new recordings finally xD we already have 2 albums worth of material
Have you seen the DSO? I assume that is why you came to Detroit before?
ice cream truck comes by in college too?!
it was a blast, thanks!
ahaha really? did you have fun i hear its a nice placee
I hate massages.
Something I will never say again!!!Go Bring the win and you are going to lose #ElClasico to
I need to move outta here.
Thanks for sharing your story, Heather. I'm sure this will benefit many people in the future.
The evil paper on my stairs that caused my fall is now gone!!
We use the "queen of all waxes," Carnauba wax, to keep your car shiny and glossy!
Wow! That's awesome! :) Woot!
at least you can drive and get away ☺ hope it gets better (:
have you two met? :)
horror comedy Love in the Time of Monsters
"He told me he bought condoms through Fresh Direct." my friends are hilarious
There's this wonderful thing called "self respect" you should get some.
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength. Maya Angelou
Bass vs. Harper. Here we go...
#HardestThingsInLife is letting go of the past and moving on!!
what rumors Nikki are true? xoxoxo :-)
Damn the saints just got hit again
your humor is raging today
ah how sweet love it babe :)
damn I miss my homeboy!! Have safe travels on tour and let's link up for a gator game brotha!! GO GATORS!!!
You like someone i think im not sure :/
Fuck it... I miss you... Fucked it all up... How stupid of me. Could have worked through it instead a throwing it all way... Regrets a bitch
I have a great idea on how we should celebrate:) you can buy me sneakers... Please
super, now I'M hungry :)
haha it at first said it was to you. Then when I posted it. It went to that one haha I was like wtf!
Today is where our valiant attempt at fourth comes to an end. Still so proud of what Newcastle has achieved this season :)
This week...my 2 page final and my psychology review I must get done tonight after my meetings! Doing my reel tomorrow..final friday morning
We'll see ya soon!
yup... We'll catch up at some point. Enjoy pull-a-thon
I'm so motherfuckin high I could eat a star
Do we really need a Tony Kornheiser tour of every show for meaningless plugging of nothing & cause he signed a contract extension?
Who are we to call people nerds I mean lets be honest nerds are gonna be smart and make it far in life. Hmm. Who are we to judge?
but yes that too.
good luck!
& the follower thing. Just because you have over 1,000 followers does NOT mean you're God. If someone tweets you, you should respond or RT.
Go girl power
My skin is broiled
Women should NOT have insecurities. If your man is with you then he obviously likes you! They usually cheat when you act insecure.
Lesson #2 from the rabbi at #ideaseconomy : uncertainty is human and it is okay to see things differently.
Wishing every weekend was three days long! Not ready to be back at work!
Catching up on last night's "Smash." .: "I never imagined a show could jump the shark in the first season."
I... wash my hands of this cat. SHE needs to wash her hands. She bathes in the toilet apparently. I.... have no words.
always think there's no chance you ever will! But like I said, have hope, you never know what will happen,
Storytelling keynote & breakout with Andy Goodman, fantastic!
still love this video. i watch it all the time! i have it on my fav list on youtube! much love! <3
Little advice west to eastside commuters: take Pico this evening.
ur FB status in the pre-game was killer. I was busy during the game with a whiny 2 yr old, but you finished strong like our pen
#TeamCeltics All day.... But the Heat is wrecking havoc right now... There is hope.
It's 's last day as a teenager!!
born this way!
COUGH TOUR TOGETHER AGAIN COUGH
Marshall Sylver @ www.getrichradio.com will be signing
I've got a cookie and you dont. Ha ha :D
I am in a funky mood, I just need to go to bed asap....
Fucking fade be curly and shit like I got a kit in this shit 😒
Full coverage insurance, because I will run you over jay walker.
nice to meet you today
Best. Idea. Ever. Get on that shit, I'm sick of flamin hot stained fingertips.
My spanish is horrible 😞
Everyone loves me.....Because I'm Austin's glasses. (;
I always thought he was saying doo doo jump. I can honestly say I learned something today.
RT : RT : RT : RT : Sometimes I hate being mean, but being nice all the time sucks ☺
loving this.
Not really a fan of #JustinBieber's attitude toward graduating high school. Should be grateful and happy about the opportunities he has.
That is a possibility. I hope so. RT : GBDSCSUYT?
I'm not here to bring anyone down. I'm here to make people laugh, and sometimes say things that make no sense.
You know, I'm a fan of the NBA but oddly enough...I don't give a flip if there's gonna be a season this year or not.
What films are we going to see at ?
: definitely has away with words. lol
Thanks for following up!
I think Watchmen covered sex-ed well. Leonard Cohen's and flamethrowers, that's where it's at.
Dear , please guest dj on more often ciz #portlandiaiscoolandallbut #kthanks!
Anyone from Seattle stuck in Dallas this a-m or were U there 2 witness #Dallas #Tornado s ? Gimme a call if you're up 4 talkin' 206.404.4145
Ugh i have to go to arkansas tomorrow. Fml
Man there is a hard price you pay for being good at something.
That movie(Public Enemy) is an indulgent arthouse movie with a big studio popcorn movie budget & that stuff is not going to work-KIM MASTERS
Bad chicken? And their fans don't throw piss bags or nails into opposing goal keepers warm up areas either...
still finding wounds from thurs nights accident.
goodnight love :)
Contest! First 3 ppl to respond are in the drawing for a ticket! Who did the vocals for his 2010 track "Hold On"?
Why? I'm tweeting at you right now.
lol! Don't dream about it stop by during Happy Hour and have some Sushi!
Glad I could make it to the Lions Club meeting! And it was nice to see you!
listening to sia.
just making sure (: and good, still gives me enough time to get a gift (:
Nap Time!
asparagus and shrimp? Looks amazing!!
My legs are shaking like crazy! Gah !!
cooking dinner for my man =) <3
Carlton dance
On today's show, we are EATING & SHOPPING LOCAL in ASPINWALL BOROUGH! Be sure to tune in to #PghTL for all the local deals!
I actually like it on its own terms, but not sure how I feel about it for USMNT.
that hour of vitamin D was worth paying for lunch
They are black in color, with heads like a codfish and large back fin. Hunters are shooting at them, so far without success.
We should've. He had a car and it said "Twizted" an drove off
i don't really know how to make a group on fb, so i'll leave it to u and ur smart phone. but i'll join. me and my dumb phone will.
haha the things you watch. Lol
30. More. Minutes.
The values of the religious right aren't held by most Americans -- Sean Faircloth
You make way too much money if someone hands you the keys to a brand new corvette and you could careless enough to accept the keys.
Forever going to hell
every time I see that someone I know has loved this book, I want to jump with joy.
Text DYNAMO to 69937 (MYXER) to get Lil Dynamo's content directly from your phone.
I've become reclusive by choice as well as introverted.
Thinking about what direction to go...
Hacked. Ugh, thanks for the heads up.
A2: That there is no such thing as casual/social heroin use.
just did a private show where 2 of the audience members were aspiring magicians. awesome time.
If Rahm's jive turkey sandwich about the union not taking his deal is any indication, much of this should play out in the media.
I won't be there tonight, but take care of business against those Marshmallows and I'll see you tomorrow night at Hutter.
Thanks, Sara!! Glad we meet in person!! Keep in touch :-)
Neighbors of yours?
#IfICouldDoItOverAgain I would have purchased Mac stock when Forrest Gump told me to do so, before their second boom.
DUSS bid / ask nice and tight now!!!
is going to massacre Tonight! So many people excited to come out! Let's do this!
with that guy b4. Snarky, clever property rights dude from TX in DC
The parking lot is getting packed already? Wow... its not even 9!!
followback is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos ;)
What up twitter world
Heading to dance! 👍
Great time yesterday. Kudos for maintaining stratospheric energy levels all day. Next: op-ed.
creepy show but awesome!!!!!
BILLY IS SO ANYNOYING
"I will move ahead bold & confident taking every step in obedience. While I'm waiting, I will serve You." - "While I'm Waiting" John Waller
Why is it that a female/male show all kinds of attention when they're no longer relevant, but when they had u
hahah i do what i can man! u watchin ur boy!??
From NBA legend Robert Parish to strongman on with
no. wat. why.
#9/11/2001 gave us 2,983 reasons to work together as Country but after 10 years we hav yet to figure out how thatz done.
we are great! Love what you guys are doing in Romania!
My twitter may not be all about 1D but that doesnt mean im not a true fan.
I wish
#lifewaseasybefore I graduated college. HireSusanna.com
thanks riker! For Easter you wanna give me a follow :)?
Sometimes after chasing $ and doing things the hard way the only thing you end up with is a "Reality Check"!
"Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd much better if you let go"
TLs-w/budget & staffing cuts 2 school libraries, what tips do U have for TLs 2 "make it work" next yr? Pls retweet & include hashtag
My twitter feeds are filled with nuttin but baseball and I can almost hear the crack of the bat in my mind. AZ here I come
Car 1256 door chimes aren't working.
anyone out there have any info on Gocco? We have ONE bulb left only...*sniff* LOVE that printing machine!
in the cold?? wow..what a great mom..lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! love you!
- wonder how Jack Johnson is feeling right about now with #kings pretty much dominating, steam rolling way though playoffs.
woke up with a nasty, bloody bruise on my knee..... muncie won last night.
lmk girl! Looking forward to it!
Some scattered showers have popped up over parts of the metro--they'll be around at times this evening, too.
Congrats! RT Yeah, in losing 82 pounds, I learned portion control. Nothing off limits, control how much & how often.
So happy to ring on the New Year with my friends. See the real deal. Here is a new beginning.
marcelle the shell with shoes on!!! :D
My psychology final today >>>
Just got back from riding my new decks! It was great! I'm also loving my new Cloud Ride wheels!
but we always go and visit :) I miss it so much
time we were following each other joe,,, hey have u sen dick lately, if so how is he? all the best wishes! rex
Isn't the greatest thing on the planet?
Thank you for making my life so much easier! ~Lisa Schneider, Collierville, TN, SignUpGenius user
Custom Shirt Prints of the day: 5,000 business cards with printing front and back for $90.00 delivered. Deal ends at 7PM PT.
The lakers sound like they cant beat the thunder.
"Take the bold by the horns" - words everyone should live by. Thank you Todd Googins. haha
it's so awesome you helped with that! I wish I had more time so that I could've helped, too. Silly grad school.
real bucks fans..thats coo until the heat come to town..lol
The two of u r such perfect exampel of what a every girl could B.
I wonder what the rent is like in bartertown.
My love for you is a journey. Starting at forever, and ending at never. ♥
yeah that would have been cool to see more of. I thought the Hulk was awesome!
Still have my gradventure braclet on (:
in your playoff way, the cards beat a 102 win team and a 7 loss team from NY wins the super bowl lol
We were surpised to say the least. It seemed like organization and Reggie were heading in opposite directions.
Happy birthday to my dude hope you have a blessed one buddy!! See you soon!
Some normal stuff; working w/ student not willing to pull their weight. That's a normal college experience, though.
Again it isn't horizon of life
Proven Success! On average I've helped 11 homeowners a month avoid the nightmares of foreclosure! Through Short Sales and Deeds In Lieu!
Thank you for checking in, but all good things must come to an end, this day included. Good Night all!
While I am really enjoying the Kindle Fire, I am not really diggin' the keyboard setup, and I don't feel like rooting it.
Drew! She's awesome!!
Poolshark? You and should meet!!
Yay my phone works again!
In other news, Runner Runner is on at Steak & Shake. Why can't our Steak & Shake be this cool?
our personal accounts are and so you know who we are :)
All Praise is due to Allah for your blessed mother birthing you into this world 79 years ago today.
wait, I said 'yes' in the end
Nene = Great person, frustrating player.
Thanx RT : hit up he loves the packers and braves, the 2 best out there
you better notice him he is AMAZING , period (:
I'm trying to make you happy, but there's always something I do wrong.
We'll be lovers & friends.
where did u 2 go
Quote of the day!!! Work = money. (David) Does more work = more money? (Laura)... That's an Urban Legend (Kim McKeown Frisbee) LOL!!!!!
yes watched it yesterday!
needs a new old cheap car...
I think his life is pretty much ruined already.
Thanks! Feel free to pass along your best #grandma tips.
Most Wanted 2 would be amazing.
allegedly - our next legs are going to hurt
I can give you the information to help find agent
deep voice style!!
that's not solving, its creating love. look at you're bio. Stay Strong. You're not gonna solve problems that way...
whatt?! How is that possible?!
A #BFFilmFactoid - today in 1955 #SteveMcQueen made his network #TV debut on "Goodyear Playhouse."
Will do! Have a great day and see you in a few months. :)
Just saw Jesse from Breaking Bad getting his car towed outside of my office
apparently tonight im serving #khloekardashian realness according to these spectators.. atleast i look famous :D
Tough loss I will always, always love you.
I was expecting to see you there as the "featured faculty member" which is why I clicked it. Looks great otherwise.
was having a crappy week then saw was on twitter and got a direct tweet from him now I'm feeling like things will turn around
Congrats to you and Memphitz.. I think yall make a cute couple.May god continue to bless yall and the family...
Are you working with a specific platform or just doing this on your own?
no it won't play Betamax
“: Update on Sandy Fire: FFs still tackling hotspots, 700 W. is closed from Sandy Pky on the north to 9000 S. on the south.”
Around 6-ish, I'll be on reporting on property-tax reform in Allegheny Co., and what Philly can learn from it. Listen Mom & friends!
about to slap through the computer if she says she did awful at tryouts one more time.
yeah his songs can get pretty tough. Keep it up though!
Okay, I'm like dying right now!
Come to Kc and Yes you Should Host on 106&Park with Rocsi Oh my Gosh I love you So Much lmfaooooooooo (: <3
"Yellow Moon" Neville Brothers, "Wrong side of the Moon" Squeeze, "Spanish Moon' Little Feat, "Dark Side Of the Moon" Pink Floyd
no offence but your gorgeous and i accept you.whether your purple,green,light or dark. :-) definately following you.
Movies are on point tonight. I'll be up for hours
La coupole for lunch in Paris.. Just right. Away from the boul Mich crowds. Luxembourg Gardens after awesome
Love your blog! I'm subscribing.
This summer will be a good one
sadly, no:( hbu?
Think the scene from Jurassic Park when they feed the T-Rex that baby goat.
#HungerGames fans: story was inspired by the Greek myth of Theseus & the Minotaur & the Athenians who were forced to sacrifice their youth.
A coworker has Easter candy in a basket. I'm walking by it with no problem. Couldn't do that a few months ago.
Just got my tickets to Live from Behind at a theater in Menomonee Falls, WI. You best be bringing the funny!
fresh beats
is that the space shuttle...lol...what airline is that
Off to see my 1st broadway show "Pricilla Queen of the Desert" tonite!
some ppl just dont get better at rapping.. they stay the same for like 5 years
Public history partnerships might begin as personal but institutional partnerships are more sustainable.
#RETWEET if u wanna shoutout to over 29,Ok Followers {{{ must be following }}} x3
game changing
In the spirit of ArtsLive is having an opening reception for Felix Lembersky paintings tomorrow at 6:00pm
1 This is the book of the generations of Adam. By enlightenment is man seen as revealed by God - revealed as God's own likeness,
To be fair, most people that go there don't get up before Noon.
how do you feel about all the new boybands that are around now?
snow turned into rain
Coming back from hail damage in Albany. Now hitting storms in Maple Grove. Heavy rain, again.
Niggas getting tattoos of scriptures and they've NEVER read the bible in their life. . . Smh !
That means you're talking to TEBOW fans... Broncos fans are Stoked
I caught a peek at + this morning at Onion Creek. But we was all up in meetings, so no hi's. SO... HI. LADIES... HI!
MADISON'S NEIGHBOR IN THE FUTURE☟
Just learned that lights on top of a cab don't mean on or off duty in Boston and apparently upstreaming is a respectable norm...oh.
My hometown! Great place to grow up; great place to play.
We are off to a great start. A good number of people are in attendance.
When you live like this you're supposed to party
Smallville was awesome tonight! Kind of sad, though, that the series is over. But there's always DVDs. Will miss it!
oh sad!!!!! Mine almost broke twice lol
Our A.Y.S. family is growing more and more everyday we greatly appreciate the abundance of LOVE AND SUPPORT!! Stay tuned for upcoming events
lol I could care less if it was healthy or not. Nutella is amazing.
Fraternity & sorority get your Greek printed products here! T-shirts, Koozies, pens, bags, etc. You'll love us.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Thank you i appreciate it alot :). of course :D
Rip Dick Clark the greatest host of the new year eve countdown
#ping Nice and clean. Got privacy right - i.e. simple. Waiting for folks, and musicians to show up.
He directs his anger in the wrong place. Sure its ok to criticize or push him further left, but wait until he wins 2012 first!
RT I.need new contacts :0
Women Need To Know They Worth
u to koo
Can you imagine the media chronicling your every move? Every Twitter name change, breakup, shopping spree? Glad novelists are invisible.
When I was a kid I played with dirt and rocks nd when I went out to eat I didn't have an iPad to watch tv on.
mommy shopped too much over the weekend and now she's limping again. I tell her to use her cane but she doesn't listen to me....grunt..
Congrats and ! Bizjournals just lucked out.
white girls r bitches just cuz i hve a tan nd i look better thn doesnt mean tha u can say bad shit about me -_- I GOT MOE ASS THN U JS ;p
Its way too hot outside. I done took two showers already and drink 6 glasses of water. time to hit the pool #ditchfridays text 7026737032
Wouldn't it be sweet if #EAS would interrupt you only when your area was in "danger?"
what the fuuuuuuck!?!!? Its yo birthday
So today I have no school :D doesnt change the fact I have nothing to do!
- This is 'Buzz' worthy for our site! Great tweet! haha Respect his gangster! lol
Lathered in my own jittery excretions / unzipping like the final triplet of the English alphabet
You and your girl make me sick... Can u ever go anywhere with out her!? Its guys night and u bring ur girl? REALLY!?
Haha awww RT": Oh, you just graduated? That's nice. I will have the Mocha Frappuccino."
love all that ink on Adam Levine. looks too cool with the outfit.
I think your rippling biceps are sexy. there, I said it.
There are things that you should not do when thinking about buying a new home
NOW FOLLOWING TeamAK! Follow back!
Going to the feed the future concert tonight
oh cool, did you see the character of the Step Mom? how poised & level headed she is, but yeah, I can relate& like Kate a lot..
I miss Amy Winehouse today.
social conservatives worried that a "liberal judge" would overturn the state law.
Hope to see you there Chris! It was great meeting you at the Tweetup! :)
#EveryWeekAPerfectStorm Thanks for yourSUPPORT MY LOVES so far
Look who's talking. A great movie :)
Slap me and yes I am stupid
Pancakes, strawberries and coffee. <3
a warm welcome to & all new tweeps! We've been busy planning a virtual "telesummit" to kick-off Wounded Warrior Week in 2012
Good luck in your home opener tonight!
I've never gotten my very own mix CDs before. I'm so excited :)
Sometimes it's #goodtobe invisible. That's when you overhear interesting conversations & behavior. Turn off cells, iPods etc, look & listen
lmao.. Beat it.
I'll get their info not sure who's managing him
If I like Monk, I'll like Burn Notice and White Collar? Netflix, don't start with me. Might try Midsomer Murders though...
thanks babe!
Poe fans, we are looking for an investor to complete the rest of our Edgar Allan Poe film. Please RT!
SNL is like that ex you keep hooking up with even though it sucks every time.
backups are suppose to get physical and he was hot so the shirt needed to come off. I didn't mind it.
Decided I better get tomorrow's blog written while I can. The joys of research travel! I'm trying to do it all from my new blackberry...
The late Hall of Famer Eddie Arcaro holds the record for the most victories in the Wood by a jockey with nine
The iPhone app is the best invention.
Heres another one for every win : #ROLLTRIBE !!
: over-reporting of mobile use can be result of 3rd variable (e.g, extroversion)-conclusion: log data needed 4 validation
how are you ?!
As a friend proposed elsewhere, Ellis should murder Leo out of spite for being fired and then be imprisoned and killed.
crazy how we've lasted this long O_o
Goss: Until we get to scale, we will not see the kind of change that is necessary. Need funding to do it.
RT : Happy President’s Day! Celebrate your day off with Brunch at Cafe Deluxe!
Say say round
what are you writing? Sounds like a great day!!! Have fun
Brantley: 50 state librarians endorsed IA library lending program
"shit I'll tell ya...come around me actin Reggie Lil bitch I'll sell ya"
Man, just downed another six pack of burgers. Where did he get these things? We know where they're going.
NONO KINDOLL NEED TO GO ON A DATE WIT ME
When your hair starts falling out, it's time to step away from the sewing machine.
Spanish Proverb~ Take hold lightly let go lightly. This is one of the great secrets of felicity in love.
RT : DGA says they've put another $700,000 behind Wisconsin recall ad // DGA has less $ than RGA, will they have any for #NCGOV?
Im 18....FUCK I thought I would be buff as hell by now
character limits, oops
By choice I've been taking public transportation for 5 months. I have a whole new appreciation for people who have to use it.
Today, Twitter recommended that I follow a co-worker that died many years ago.
NEW MIXTAPE COMING THIS SUMMER!!! DISCLOSE THE TITLE MAYBE IN A FEW WEEKS...JUST STAY POSTED!!!
I sleep way too much ...
yeah. One that runs two minutes fast and brings the world along with it only for me would totally fix it.
Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.
There is always 101 Tommy. Amare's hand=Curt Schilling bloody sock??
I work you know my golden rule
filming tomorrow and then I leave fri for vegas! Next week?
glad to be in the good news grp! we need more #nwindiana spreading good news!
Happy Birthday to a great friend,
Wish I could say the same thing RT : .....okay so who the fuck is Sarah Phillips?
at work for now then out for dinner and drinks!
Stay in touch Angela!
You have to have a hustle!
With & Learning how to Engage Supporters Online (@ Marines Memorial Club)
Making bacon-wrapped chicken livers. Don't look at me like that.
Thanks so much, appreciate the encouragement.😊
Time to total saturation - 28:30.
you're doing it wrong. SHUT UP. YDG?
very cool. That's awesome. More institutions should consider it.
everyone is brilliant in their own way
This naked bike ride is way more popular than I expected!
I now have moves like jagger stuck I'm my head!! Thanks Cc:
The Liquify tool is full of dark magicks.
Happy Friday!
The interest rate on a 30-year fixed-rate loan fell to 3.94% this week, the lowest rate since mortgage giant Freddie Mac began tracking it.
be careful - I love you x
#drupalcon points out the passion that new people must have for Drupal, given the poor onboarding experience.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
nope, I'm going to do the whole "Dances with squirrels thing"
BIG THANKS TO and All the people who came to the best BACON FEST EVER!
Follow our account. All other DBHH accounts will be shut down in a week thank you!
Sounds fun! “: Holiday Fantasy of Lights at Alum Creek State Park: November 19 - January 2, 2012 ... #columbusohioevents”
I appreciate the affirmation. Don't be scared. There is much joy in the work:)
Thanks a lot!!
RT- Just got hit by a fat man's belly/// Oh man, that's the worst!
chicken lasagna sounds like an incredible dish.
There really is nothing better in this world though than clean sheets and a clean room... ah the simple pleasures :)
thanks, John. Look forward to connecting and engaging.
In studios this morning to kick off their support of our Relay For Life season.
My fav Rihanna song "Watch N Learn" =P its ya turn now, watch n learn now, AYE AYE AYE AYE!
that isn't reviewable? It was clearly still out of bounds
Marty Schottenheimer predicts these Chiefs could win "several games" in the playoffs. Four would be plenty.
Fletch is on.
bye bye i love you
Good talking to you, but I'm afraid it was for nought. Perhaps, one of these days, you will become enlightened in your views.
Good luck JLWDC on a successful Tossed & Found Sale from the JLM (Minneapolis) :)
I love the show Awkward. on
Must start listening to the Hopscotch Spotify playlist *now* so I can have it all heard by September.
what's the problem
well hello there ;)
Go Pacers!!!!
what was that building? A prison?
Mike and Wesley rapping on Aaron ! Lol
To the people who say "RuPaulogize". You better RuPent for your reality tv watching sins.
Wanna party in true G6 style w/ ? She's having an #openbar concert on May 3rd in
RT : We are so proud of #Kscholar and geriatrician Sei Lee, recipient of AGS New Investigator Award
I always use when going to a new city for advice on where to stay. really helpful!!!
Free résumé tips for iOS job seekers: 1. It should be a 1 page PDF. 2. Show off some nice apps and coding skills. 3. Spell Xcode correctly.
Playing NCAA on PS2... Getting my game plan ready for Saturday.
It feels like I've been awake al day but I've only been up a few hours
currently attending part 3 of CONTENTdm software training.
Thanks for your Re-Tweet!
RT : #praiseGod I am a sinner who is saved by God's AMAZING grace
Congrats to an old captain duck on winning the natty title
Finna be one epic ass night, somebody daughter finna be my victim, Tragic Story LOL
Anyone wanna join me for a CD release party in Atlanta tonight??? If you know me, call me...
... time for the clown car to bring out Chris Chandler
OH MY LORDYYY will you shutup already !!!
#FingersCrossed RT Fun Fact: Boehner knows that if the President wins, his Speakership is over.
The pitch event 2night takes on "collaborative consumption", interesting concept-Why do we all need our own lawn mower?
I think Honey could sell off some candlesticks first
Creativity is essentially a lonely art. An even lonelier struggle. To some a blessing. To others a curse. It is in reality the a
Umbrella/waterfall/pastrami lifestyle
he's a good dude tho. i taught him how to catch treats.. its awesome! i'll have to post another video :)
Addicted to Criminal Minds!! Ugh. It's soo good(:
Last night was fun at tLong Wongs listening to Kevin Redlich Thanks to Kevin for letting me jam with him. We play there tonight at Long...
Happy FF to great study abroad tweeps
they dress better and have better taste for artistic things?
name a fine restaurant in the area
About to start 1st session at Discussing vibrant neighborhoods and promoting Baltimore's history. -Jessica
Im a be up all night now
you are right the cycle continues until Hamas stops. Israel cannot allow their Civilians to be murdered. So choose peace.
#Ducks only shooting .378, #Colorado shooting .517, yet #Ducks only down by 1. Hit shots & we will win
Getting picked up from school early>>>
Ron's been consistently forcing Durant out to the perimeter on catches.
nothing i do is ever right..
ah - maybe that's the problem. For some reason, I thought that tickets went on sale today. Perhaps I'm too late?
Get warmer. Right now. I can't wear a sombrero in this weather!!
Big Bang Theory.
Go USA Hockey
RT : Yes. There might be beer items at the Building Tomorrow Build-a-School auction on Friday. 3 blocks west of the...
Thank you. He is just a joy.
Much needed mani/pedi and what makes it even better is my hubs is joining me!
MODERN DEFINITIONS... CRIMINAL: A guy no different from the other, unless he gets caught
If a cow has twins, a bull and a heifer, the heifer will never be able to reproduce
at least I got a bronco cheerleader following me...
Do you have room for one more? ;) x
Tonight ISIS 1010 prairie st houston Tx 77002 - couples & ladies free till 11PM!! VIP includes free drinks all night!!! info 281.860.2877
i pray for him & ask that he pull thru when all else fails only one man can say if its time to go
Without fail same guy in my section yells "no!" after every foul called on Bucks on offense. Every single game.
This week’s Type News will be up later today. Thanks for your patience!
Yeah Cheryl, of course. You too!
Testing out suggestion for a single settings file for all environments.
do you have to whine and bitch about friends, boyfriends, etc, on twitter? cuz thats all anyone does...
RT : To get rich never your risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth.~Richard Baker
“ why you stealing my post lol
I've always been afraid to say I'm in love, but damn fuck it. I'm in love!!!!!!!!!
See I've been waiting all day, for you to call me baby
We are located in the heart of the historic #BackBay, right next to the Arlington T stop, #BostonCommon & #NewburyStreet!
“: avi cute” thanks love 😊
Yo just walked another Card. Marco Estrada now warming up for the #Brewers in the pen.
Ashley landed safely :)
Summer is heating up and remember freinds and family
alright hold on!
nice tweet!!
TURN OFF THE LIGHTS AND TURN OF THE SHYNESS
Standing less then 50 feet away from Ashley Tisdale
mark ribot meets chaplin's the kid. marcus roberts trio! charlie hunter & go home. patricia barber. yasmin levy. all this wk sfjazz spring.
rock on Jimmy!
u have the singing one.? LUCKY!!!
Thanks for the hookup with the swag. I'll be rockin it today on The Talk.
I don't wanna get up :c
Call for Military Discounts. We support our Armed Services (800) 810-1580
If you have nothing nice to say then just shut the fuck up.
Special shout-out to for spreading the word about #TEDxMid yesterday. Our second highest live stream viewership was from Egypt!
i go on my twitter and is name is everywhere i guess he is on:) follow
Eating candy at the dentist ...
Thinking about posting up an unreleased track this weekend... any takers?
Thanks for the great tips!
When you get invited to a formal event and you'd rather wear a dress you already have an wore like once!, than go buy a new one>>>>
Again I came to NYC and did not see you :-( But I got your Christmas card - thank you! Offer still stands for Mardi Gras...
ODs, students advocating for #optometry on Capitol Hill: hashtag your tweets #aoahill! And thanks for advocating for your profession!
sure I am ! what would u like to get entertain about ! ?
Ok Pacers!
My new theory...facebook was in a bidding war with apple for instagram.
lol really but did you tell them it was mine lol thats funny though
18 years, and Betty Lou (my Town Car) failed inspection. Thinking about taking her out and shooting her. Put her out of my misery.
do you agree the Reds have the best starter(Cueto) and bullpen pitcher(Chapman) this season so far?
Ever bring grocery coupons to store w/you, buy things specifically because of those coupons then forget 2 use the coupons? Uhh, me either...
Woohoo! Finished the first draft of my research paper due today...now its time to print...
She gets an #Oscar for that statement. "Yeah, whatever!"
in the gay world it's "wanna hang out sometime?"
And when I regain full function, just like a thumbed-feline, I will take over the world! Mwahahahaha!
That ghetto chick in #HardcorePawn trying to sell a ps3 to get her man out of jail >>>> That's a ride or die chick ! -___- Lmaoo
Stay home and make sausage balls and watch Dylans blog or zumba??
What is the funnest thing that you have done so far this summer?
Today should be a eventful day!
I was in Tigard visiting my dad for a night.
~foh~ you're delusional
Sounds good!! We'll keep our twitter fingers crossed for you.
I have some in my pantry! :) RT : A9. dark chocolate with almonds
Don't think there could have been a better throw from H. Sanchez. And he did that on a slider from Zito!
Major #attfail. Been to 2 stores and called customer service. NOBODY knows ANYTHING about the #dellstreak?!??!!!
Your where its at bro.
q2: reaction to words submitted
Your going to talk shit and now be my bestfriend and going to come to me and talk shit about my friend just to let you know i will tell her
thank ya thank ya! I'm about to sing again haha..
Yay, bookbinding! I love Jan Storm van Leeuwen & not just for his delightful name. I'm excited for my bookish bootcamp too.
Ugh ! Haven't slept yet ! So fucking tired ! Think I am like sleepin soon cuz I am half up tweeting lmfao !
I'm gettin it IN tonight! Imma get drunk af!
happy that scotty didn't die last week and look forward to his speedy recovery...thats what he gets for selling his hole for rock n roll :)
i love the twins too but sometimes they can be really annoying but Gia all day....she beat that audience real good
Good Morning, Friends! Hope you're having a marvelous Monday! ✌ Ⓛ❤Ⓞ❤Ⓥ❤Ⓔ ✌
After watching Nicki Minaj's Stupid Hoe music video, I realized that she is way crazier looking than Ke$ha~ :'O The song is catchy though :I
Great to see staying true to original mission of founders via social media! My first car was a #Fairmont ...
Happy Easter. ^-^
On the road to fgcu! Gonna watch our take down the eagles. Let's go bulls!
#RihannaandChrisBrown i LUV the remix of "Birthday Cake" tht is my song cnt wait for the next song they doing together
Work on a holiday
Go #Lions first time in the #playoffs since #1999 we have to take the #saints or its kind of sad for #Detroit so we have to get this
still waiting
hi everyone
lmao you three high dude!!! U put dat on twitter.
yup. Fabulous as usual
Ninety-nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
That awkward moment when you're taking a picture of your food to post it on twitter & everyone's just staring at you.
what about MySpace? Lol remember that crap
Was I surprised by the big truck, driven by a country looking chap, with Adele "someone like you" being played full blast? Yes. Yes I was.
If I had a penny for each misspelled tweet I read, I would be a millionaire!
thanks for the mention. :)
#donna summer. The music of my high schools basement parties, roller boogie and club days when disco stated to fade. She was the Queen! RIP
Hey Dorothea - Tupac lives. Wow! How are you? Branding Atlanta?
Buying "where did I come from" the african american edition
thanks u too!
Thanks for the tip! I'll definitely check it out. I'm just bummed because it's the 3rd year in a row I haven't made it! :(
two different ways of saying this? s: why do i say sorry, even though its not my fault? or it's not my fault, why do i have to say sorry?
so. i had a dream i ran into you at thrift town. but, we still hadn't "met" "met" but we totally recognized each other anyways.
I don't mind a little harmless flirting, but theirs a difference when ur practically throwing urself hoping id catch...
Having been on an aircraft carrier & veterans in the family, I can only imagine how awesome the atmosphere is on the USS Carl Vinson.
Looking for some cool #droid #apps! Can anyone recommend some awesome #free ones?
@ great clips haircut time 4 me today yeah !!!!!!!!!
thanks so much for the story. . dope!
yo get me some followers pleazzzzzzzz
What we mean by :: takes place. IntraWorldly occurrence. Even this :: whoever tried to build a city by selling art? Irremediable :: realism
holla at me ;*
Join us on the 11th floor of Thompson Library tonight at 7pm to hear biographer Wil Haygood speak-he's flying in from snowy DC for this!
Mental health professionals have been treating personality disorders for many decades ...
...and libraries are the bat cave!
Feels so weird being in this bed again .
He's rich, probably not a lot of shawarma served in 5-star restaurants or in-house chefs.
It's technique though too. Even no-knee-havers like Sebonis used to go at the rim and not fade away.
Having a really good hair day >>>>
NO SCHOOL BITCH!!
ohh. Cool. Have fun . I wanna go to vagas when im the age for clubbing.
Early morning paperwork run
you totally do!
Dear smartphones, why can`t you charge yourself? Sincerely, you`re not so smart after all.
laying in bed. thinkin like i always do
Its the Fox News pundit syndrome, cut off anyone making a good point against you. Rude. Dishonest. Despicable.
Going to get myself some :) mmmhm! omnomnom ♥
I have been told that a relative of mine may have illegally forged my name and took out a life insurance policy on me.
If you know what Ditto means go to support rush STAND STRONG
HERBED CHICKEN: Pear & cheese fiocchi, tomato cream sauce & orange gremolata.
thanks to and for putting together an amazing show. Got to hear awesome new music..Lets do it again.
ahh I'm sorry! I found the liquor store and stumbled home. I wasn't ready for all that had to offer tonight ;(
#Shameless marathon w/my man & our mutts.
Happiness all around in staff mtg for Discovery #OV103 + sincere appreciation for Enterprise #OV101. You never forget your first love.
Very sad. Premature decision. RT so, Nature Preceedings closing down eh? Sad.
No offense to anyone else. Problems are only as big as they are if you make them that way.
TOO BAD YOU PENIS CANT SAY THE SAME!!! RT "I used to be a fucking midget like "
#justlearned: What you're accostumed to is not what you're limited to
I admire
“NicoleWTHR: i just tried a bite of the indystatefair french toast burger... AMAZING!! What? I know what we are getting. :0)
I'm 1000% sure the feeling is mutual
Such a blessed day & awesome people in my life! God U R guiding every step of D way I thank U & keep U right here in my heart! I am grateful
I just took a call from a man born in 1925 named "He-Man". If She-Ra calls, I'm quitting. #ihatethisjob #ineedarichman/woman
RT Life doesn't get easier, we just get stronger.
Back from NYC- I spoke at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Ctr-a great model for how hospitals can give patients "consensus recommendations"
I just finished The Blind Side. Haven't cried that hard since Raiders of the Lost Ark.
I'm going to miss our seniors..
hahaha no, when was this lol
I can't wait to graduate so I can delete all the faggots I hate off of Facebook without feeling awkward seeing them the next day.
finally. Someone else who knows about their greatness.
Thanks to everyone who came out to our show last night at E-String!! :) More shows coming soon!!
Shopping spree at Southridge Mall. So far so good.
Top headlines on Yahoo this morning. #3 was a 60-second time lapse video of Lindsay Lohan aging over the past 25 years. Creeped me out.
not at all!
Liberty U. very evangelical. Spoke of protecting marriage or some such. Born again homophobe (if it will get votes).
They sure did! I need to make a video about it.
It's kind of cool seeing my school on TV. 😁
I can't even believe he said that. Wow.
dark knight at the moment
