im going to make professional looking snuggies. its so cold in here its ridiculous. im certain there is a market for them
my bad. i should know i met him
Just saw Madonna fumble. She's moving her age now.
The Green Men in Vancouver may have lost their touch and losing two at home makes them feel like an old stale joke.
kathee leah is srsly like dancing to one direction and she has a crush on niall and says shes gonna marry him and have his babies shes 6
Well I could make you a hair hat out of what I lose everyday.
I'm sure it's been done already, but The Empire Strikes Back In My Pants.
Thats beautiful.Good to hear both of you are taking some me time.i'm hard at work networking down here - all business.
Pretty please follow me? Before you get anymore followers and it becomes imoossible?? Haha :))
Thanks!!! and really, the f u? some people are horrible...
CONGRATS you just won a dinner for 2 at Off The Clock! Email me at george to claim your prize.
looking great
thanks Jay. The Super Bowl was a great team effort.
Isaiah 26:19 "Your dead shall live; their bodies shall rise. You who dwell in the dust, awake and sing for joy!"
#Creo Dermis body scrubs will soon be on shelves at exclusive salons and spa's in the Pearl District in downtown #PDX!!
Do I see health insurance around the corner? I do! I do!
boy i hope not. i mean, i ran into people... but i believe both of you are married. enough said.
Perfecting the craft. short days long nights
listening to lauryn?
Im back mm mis this
Guys, can y'all please stop wearing musk now? Thanks!
Good vs. Evil
Giddy as a fat kid drowning in a vat of ice cream
I need to request an ice cream truck for my neighborhood
I love watching The Avengers. (:
[Believe.] RT “: If you are deeply connected to your mission and your passions, no one can copy you. #savor”
. Our event is rain or shine! See you there!
I can't find a dog I'd call my ma, so I've given up dogma for Lent... which I previously gave up for Lent.
#WeWontWork if u give up on me to quick
Tonight might be tricky for me... Locked down in some video editing.
Going to SF for work. I love this job!
Welcome back, star!
I just made Mom Pumpkin Whoopie Pies with Cream Cheese Filling from the "Baked" cookbook. I hope she likes them!
Our team worked for months on how shale gas will impact Ohio's economic development. Story ran on ABC News with Diane Sawyer....
When arla starts jamming to toxic on oovoo #help hahaha :D
#welovegreyson because he inspires us to put our selves put there. Go for what you really want to do.
just reserved my user name on facebook! www.facebook.com/capturedlifemoments
When do you know have really had enough?? #im so over it. com
S/O to my new followers!
I want to buy that perfume that enhances your pheromones. I tried it on at a passion party and I can't stop smelling myself!
Why are women like KFC? After Ur Done with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
#30 more days!
. at DFW. Went in search of #Starbucks. Found and #lma12 will the party ever end?
sorry couldn't prevent my self from stealing ur tweet hahhaha :D
Bouncing between NBA and NHL finals. Weak coordination between the leagues.
That is pretty much typical of every book made into a movie. maybe if you read more books you would know that
Law and Order : SVU
..have to put my books down & study tomorrow.. after my 7a-7p shift!! ..I'll be glad when finals are over.,
cuz if you go into the season LeBron can opt out in with no titles he not going to stay with an aging Wade Bosh n average teammates
Thanks for the shout out and Yes I am highly influenced by the rock bands of the 70's. I think that music lasts longer.
xanax thats all i gotta say
ROFLOL - In search for help for pregnant teen. Planned Parenthood popped up number of times. Red states tend to have most pregnant teens!
Come hear about successful literacy initiatives in libraries around the globe. Today @ Hilton Riverside-Rosedown,1:30pm
"double downward escalator retail chutes of doom" is why I wish more conferences could be held in lovely old hotels.
we are glad we can make a difference!
yeah it does
LOL :) I () felt the same way when I heard say it… Jordan can you help us out?
Walked out of my meeting mad as hell. I'm livid! No good to be lied to. I need a drink I'm so heated. Hell, its 5 o'clock somewhere.
Flight delayed=martini time. Burbank airport is pretty enjoyable.
My boss just walked in my office and said, "Am I going to have to worry about you flirting with my wife, she's a quarter phillipinno."
OMG! Make Randall your permanent bartender!
omg Austin #SAYSOMETHIN is AMAZING I love it! Arghhhh follow me please ily?<3
It was very quiet Thanksgiving. We grilled steaks because no one likes turkey. :-) How was yours?
Thanx! Thanks for coming in! We're super glad you liked your desserts! Have an awesome day!
dude! thanks for the reply...keep doing what you do! be blessed!
Glad to see is raising awareness of Cahokia, though some might say he needs more than 15000 followers to match its population
i agree with you!
Do something you've never done before and make sure its legal and its a good thing.
Please welcome my Fall '11 #Xavier Instructional Tech students to Twitter! Looks to be a great class!
Yes. I weigh over 110 pounds but that's not fat.. That's muscle
I love to inspire! Got some ppl ready to start living their dreams. Some just need that extra push!
“: SO FREAKING HAPPY WON!!! SO amazing and SO deserving #calledit #love #thebest” I was for him the entire time!!
#NSN doesn't work on me! I saw a women get killed 2 ft away from me! I never going 2 see a new path anymore I keep tryin & not
I don't believe this one. #bull RT Hawaii moves toward Japan 4 inches every year.
ima young nigga wit sum old lungs
From Alameda but now I'm at MLK and Macarthur, love Oakland
what the hell is that?
Finna take my fat fat to d doc..
Ready for the world to see my talents. Can't wait for you all to see my film... still looking for extras though!
Bayern Munich through to the Champions League Final
Thanks for the follow! Your work on Badajoz was especially fascinating.
When we can respect the little things in life is when we can began to see the BIG picture!
Homework at the end of the school year<<<<<<<<
What we do in mr.bouyea today
follow me
dope interview fellas!
#favmoviequote "I see you're drinking one percent. Is that 'cause you think you're fat? 'Cause you're not."
lmao molina!!!! im weak!! RT Get the F*** out the way with your under the speed limit limit driving a** IM LATE!!!!
The Grand Prix team is exited about participating in #ignitedetroit tonight This will be awesome!
RT : RT : Thanks for the love...13 more...heading back to LA now...
Sorry I'm not sorry won.
we all ready coach kick return for a TD i got you coach
well I'm up now so it is what it is lol
Waiting for this night class to be over so I can go outt with my bo<3
To see the Law by Christ fulfilled, and hear his pardoning voice, changes a slave into a child and duty into choice. -William Cowper
Moms...critiquing yourself or your body in front of your daughter is one of the most damaging things we could do.
Says he had breakfast with Hemingway. It must be his new movie "Morning In Baltimore".
The revenge game was Jan 1, 1960 after the 1959 Magnolia Bowl on Halloween.
I'm recovering from a weekend of nerds and excessive tea consumption.
See what happens when you listen to shitty music?!
Is how you get so much followers? I doubt you know that much people.
Better start learning German
RT Businesses don't want to worry about customer experience until becomes a sickness threatening its health. Yeah that'll work.
#FF Musicians Matter Most
Happy #CharityTuesday. Check out these great nonprofits..., , ,
Idk how I feel about Emily being The Bachelorette..
We're changing our style to math metal for our full length... (O_O)
got real hungry at 1am on the 1st day. only option = Taco Bell (yuck) - then Taco Shack breakfast tacos 2 mornings
SpringBreaker falls to his death across fm our beach home. Jacob Winkler, 21, fm Wis. died in PCB, FLA early Sat morn fm his 21st balcony.
Really enjoyed your interview with Jimmy Moore. Love your enthusiasm.
Al Davis emblematic owner of the Raiders has died. I figured he'd out live us all, what was he like 150?
"My friends say im a fool to think that your the one for me."
Thanks and following. Feel free to follow back
We have 3 great films perfect for Native American Heritage Month screenings. Check out A Good Day to Die, Reel Injun and Barking Water.
Someone called for the Cow?
Hi, most of u probably don't know I'm a businessman and a great thinker. Don't believe me watch I'll show you!!!!!!!!
By altering our attitudes we can alter our life, Zig Ziglar
I ate a slice of pizza today, that is all . Wow 😒
What was in the water for Kaka And Ronaldo? Holy Christ
omg going to go see breaking dawn yess!
Echoed from Tilden Middle School via : Waiting on another lacrosse game
Today is the day... we get our Christmas Tree! YEEEE
Clearly you have no knowledge of her role in the current state of testing and accountability. You READ then unfollow.
Watched 50/50 tonight and really enjoyed it. Having the Liars on the soundtrack was just an added bonus. (totally made me cry.)
The WSLCB must know Fifthmas is upon us; lots strange infused vodkas and tequilas, bizarre-looking liqueurs, and special holiday mixer packs
": You betta cuff her cause I'm out here"I bet you up
I apologize for my broken English. It's my second language, I want you to know I'm trying to communicate, it's basic for humans.
im fresh im fly im so damn high
seriously can't wait until I'm done with school
This is the first time in awhile I got to sleep in!
So rite here wit my cuzzo. Tweeting
That just shows that he really likes to party
Shifting in new apartment next week :))
God morning!! DAMN I FEEL GOOD, ha i got all that sleep lastnight!!;D #rise&grind
So far I voted 150 times for
Happy to say wasn't kidnapped by the Mexican cartel last week. Glad to have him back on twitter
Work functions during the week should be illegal.
UGH! you hate me :/
RT : Great to have w/ me to speak to entrepreneurs about #crowdfunding. Thanks for your leadership & help.
Still looking for animal rights/welfare/antiCAFO/slow food related exhibits to try to visit and/or collaborate with. Do you know of any?
It's so much more relaxing than a plane, from start to finish! RT My favorite benefit of traveling by train is __________.
#Romney wins Puerto Rico. That proves he is the most electable. /snark
Don't miss out on Part 2 of "Why be Christian and NOT Muslim" Oct.27th. 7pm. KoKo Mo's...See ya there :)
PANINI TIME! And it's the best time of the week! Today's special panini has Fresh Mozzarella, Pesto & Chicken with YOUR choice of sides!!
Sure do! How have you been?
Print audition today as guess what? A baseball player! LOL shouldn't be much of a stretch.
tried to call customer service and the line disconnects. would like someone from to get in touch with me.
Could use the help! RT : With no NBA, can Gordon Hayward and Shelvin Mack please return to Butler for their senior season?
: ) JSUIS SON BEST FANS :o AHAH !!!
That really means a ton...thank you!
So True!
Favorite new fortune cookie: "Share your happiness with others today!"
So what should the theme song for #SXSW be this year?
NEW SONG IS UP NOW, SPREAD THE WORD! myspace.com/xforeverandafterx
I'm gonna be a bunhead.
Great game today Harry! Thats how you represent the Louisville Cardinals!
Angsty teen I against middle-aged dad I.
So i just heard may not play hm no problem for the super heat...heatnation!!!
I had Twitter when I was a kid. It was called a CB radio.
Happy new year everyone! I'm shite at the whole ff and shoutout thing but here's to one hell of a great year for all of us.
at party in DUMBO - Brooklyn..DJ Guilty Pleasures is spining..
Hope you had a blast!
Now you can download a fresh version of 'Squattin'!!! :-D
Working on a theory that Black Widow is a female Eliot.
>;o) Thanks for the <3 ! HOPE to see ya on Sunday! RT " Think I'm going to try 'em Sunday after that recommendation"
Glad the Ravens got their man at 26....er...I mean 27. Thanks Bears!
Dreams R dreams but blurry & reality seems 2 B da only motive trying 2 make the best of every bad situation seems 2 B my life story
I know I'm only just over 14 weeks along, but I'm getting very impatient. I hope I feel baby flutters soon!
5 worldwide trends for pretty little liars
lol thats all she do x she made my speakers go out one tyme frm trying tah eat my phone lol couldnt listen to music for a while
RT : On behalf of tragedies #MMDM is 2 help mental illness by donating $ for every new follower now til 9/12 www.NAMI.org
Hm what to do on the 4th? Most likely, Santa Monica Pier
well duh!(; you?
So is anyone else in the same boat I am—not buying Apple stock for 2-3, 3-4 years bc "It can't possibly go up any higher, can it?"
A new phase has started, I can feel it! You know? Possibility plus grounding -- feels good. (After months of energy overtaxedness.)
When someone says something and you say, " Yeah, You would know...."
sure! We don't have tix. What date is it?
83 people every day will be diagnosed with cancer in WI. We're in this together to
We'll start contacting folks soon.
when does next season start? I can't wait
Director Chris Mattaliano: There are actually 2 songs about V.D. In act 1. We cut one.
$25 gift card to goes to... ! (we just LOVE the bacon suit!)
watching on CNN right now talking about Isreal-Iran conflict with technical difficulties.
Working on new merch! Too stoked. Getting some designs for too. Excited to tour!
Looking forward to more motivational discussions!
I used to go get a milkshake whenever my friends were drunk in college because all my friends were straight and I didn't need to see that.
hey Josh check out the start of my contributions at cbm @ avenging reviews. Trying to give my thoughts and perspective.
I always feel like the bad give trying to be so protective
I have your shirt. Where you at?
is a pain in the ass. But hes one of my best friends. And i love him!
bruh you need to get on more use this bihh more!
I can't believe this is happening... These clocks are staring at me.
RT : For every 40 #bedandbread tweets, a person in #Detroit will be fed for an entire year thanks to
Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity
Me! When/where are auditions?
Happy Mother's Day Week to all the real moms who set the right example and who have mastered the art of balancing motherhood with womanhood.
Good for you!
Speaking of public workers, I would like to thank the public workers at the DMV: replace my license - in and out in 10 minutes - Well done!
yea i am now...i dont think your followin me...
I'm finally 18 today!!!!:D
Watching #Columbiana. I love this movie!!!!
If somebody's out there, show me that you care. Give me a sign that comes out of nowhere, like a shooting star.
Gaga You Are MY QUEEN , O YEAH 26 years o yeah you are a queen
Uh, there's supposed to be a point? RT : Remind me, please. What is the fucking POINT of Twitter?
Thanks! I made the switch back to 100% film about a year ago or so...digital just doesn't do it for me AT ALL.
Yeah Happy New Year everyone ! GOD BLESS US !
yes they did! And I was successful at converting my niece to a FF5 fan. She is now in love with Haha :)
29th!!! Not 30th. (See you there.)
RT Some days just going to get a sandwich is a thrill and exercise when you are a POC in America.
Now Mardi gras is over time to think of our goat dinner in march. 4 courses 2 goats 60 people should be a blast
Apparently 3 6th graders think I'm "cute" They scare me so much...
BREAKING DAWN WAS AMAZING!!!
on my way to work. Yuck.
YOU MISSED SAY SOMETHIN!!! Ah. He might be on Again later(:
Stay for the ride or walk by yourself
then got reraised a couple times and had to fold, and then lost a 16k pot with AT vs AQ, which was actually a good result given the situatio
When will I learn that avoiding grocery shopping never saves me money?
unhappy with examples of how to help u-grads identify scholarly v trade v gen interest pubs. 2 focused on print. time to make my own lists
We need to understand that "education is something that we create for ourselves" not "something that is provided for us"
I wish I had a big family. Family means everything to me.
#churchplanters When you walk in His love you will Know its His voice. What you want doesn't matters it's what He wants that does.
... given everything? Thought of your company all the time? Never took a short cut? Worked hard even when everything was down? UR My Hero.
So text me I got my phone back :D
YOU BE FP WHILE THEY GOT THIS FACE ^_^
Men are the least of my problems, so i let IDIOTS have them
my middle aged eyes love e-reading. Kindle for iPad is awesome-- look forward to your book!
To clarify, this event Daniel is hosting is at 6pm this evening. Bring artistically and politically minded people!
Farewell, Maurice Sendak... Now may your wild rumpus begin!
Ha phone died in the middle. Corrine, you better be there!
try-.- u did last time
Who am I most envious of...?? Definitely and .... Their voices can quiet a whole room with one note...
Your welcome
Rain down on'em with the 3's
I am just curious to see where most of my followers are located. Feel free to tell me your location if you haven't.
Hi Prenessa! Love your ambition! Keep it up and feel free to email me anytime. ~nc
same to u guys. Keep #dancing :)
: I've witnessed him humble other singers on spot, once they hear him sing lol he's like an atomic bomb in the room.
The picture took of my in health > lmfao
ah, I see
Have Fun!
yeah! also, you smelled lovely. no hint of dog mess. :)
Where's the watermelon.
: it wasnt meant 4 him 2 b there den...if it was he wouldnt have left n if it is he'll b back so dont b sad ur beautiful...
In other news, Rick Santelli is still apparently off his meds.
Had fun in Redondo tonight getting ready for our shoot this weekend!
RT: Dear boys, be the type of guy you would want your daughter to be with.
Ikr I hardly get to do anything either. I'm still sick in a sense.
Bacharach one of my musical heroes so that was an easy one! Thx!
. Thanks! :) Although it's not a coworking space - it's a pre-incubator/entrepreneur residency. Want a tour? :) cc
#FF ::: Need Hot new Music / Beats / Hip-Hop Collab? GO FOLLOW>>>
sorry didn't mean to ask that!
Most productive colts offensive player was the reffs. Way to give it to them zebras.
Big move back to Mac tomorrow
President Bill Clinton giving videotaped tribute to brilliant theatre advocate
Wherever you are, be all there. Live to the hilt every situation you believe to be the will of God. Jim Elliot
Agreed... RT : Hard for me to get my own work done when I have to constantly hold the hands of others.
Rockwood Music Hall Stage 2. Played few tunes w/ 's band. sang "Sunday Kinda Love" and slayed it.
I'll beat beat beat it upp!!! Send her home to her man watch notebook!
Anyone seriously mad about Fury's ethnicity haven't been paying attention to Marvel Comics in the last 10 years.
Join Homeward and our partners from across the community at 5pm at 815 E. Grace St.
#WutILove... Is when a guy KEEPS me laughing and smiling...
RT “: VOTE TOMORROW.”
can't wait to come to London one day!!!!
Hey I WANT MY RACING BACK!! lol
okay see u soon booboo. Today's my favorite days cuz I get to sing to 5 year olds :))) m
Rooney scores!!!!!! Chelsea 0 - 1 Manchester United
Jasmine I think you and Harry Styles would make a cute couple just my opinion: )
#MovieFactOfTheDay OJ Simpson was originally supposed to play the Terminator before it was given to Arnold.
Can ya follow me back? Please!:)
"Help each other." < nice
Things you shouldn't say when boarding: "I'm all the way in the back, which means I'm going to be the last to die when we crash!"
15 books between 3 classes. For real?
you know you can buy socks very easily. Like, anywhere.
": Tonight should be fun We'll see..."Be careful how u say that lol...
Imagine if you had me out there.. we'd dominate. Go low tomorrow with the red shirt
I woke up from my nap with a attitude
OMG your back! I missed you :D Sure thing, but u following me back would be the coolest <3 Much love always!
Dats a one in million chance that would happen to both of us ... But I hope it does ;)
He's on a role! Waunakee's Parker Dietry nails French word "couverte" to advance to Round 6 of the National Spelling Bee.
I really want to hear what you want to tell me ;)
So apparently when you dry-fry Wang Bu Liu Xing it pops like popcorn!
I don't know,where you're going,,just get your ass back home. :)
And the dad/son, coach/player McDermott scenario just got awkward. Yikes.
Suga is bout to get his ass handed to home by bones
i know it will be great! they all are. (;
so good to serve w/ you this wknd. We made it back to Nashville but already miss KC. Keep us posted on the fruits of the event!
When will we (the products) in social media start leveraging back? Amazing how much we're giving companies for FREE, nonreciprocally.
yeah it sucks so where in the same boat Haha
Dress codes at a church ?? Really.
Blogging: I HAVE MISSED IT! The blog's back in action tomorrow, y'all.
Guy jumped on top of the Bull, got arrested, kicked out window of police car 1212. Other than that, pretty peaceful here at
ah bo >:p I only have 2 of my friends in my Classes how about u
RT Need some #acapellas for remixes
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
I can! & watch webisodes all day long!
Just got back to FL. Sorry we didn't connect at SXSW, let's chat next time you're in FL. Interested in what you are doing at ninut.
I would wanna do that!!
In BIM with love her so much.......its RIDICK!!
check ya emails
It's hard to believe that I couldn't see that you were always there beside me
I hope u know the girl i want gay is u talena rite
Ha no idea. I'm not sure if I want them to stop or continue.
Probably not the right President to tell that marijuana is a right of passage - he did not inhale!
Mom got a new Mac, I think I'm gonna make a drum cover today. :D
you sat on your ass last summer using my computer you're probably gonna do the same this summer
You're welcome and thanks for sharing interesting stuff. Have a great weekend, J!
NE Feathered Horse Classic will ADD a REINING CLASS!!! will be NRHA #1 or #12 details to come
your name made me laugh when i read it x)
Glad you stuck with us and your education! Keep up the great work!
Gotta say I love Pearl Jam radio on Sirius xm
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality. 30692128 bbm pin
aw :( hang in there babee, you'll see them soon enough!
Cant wait until the playoffs start tonight !!
Thanks for the RT! Isn't he sweet? :) I hope you had a great week!
loves it when talks D&D terms. It is so hot to a gamer girl like meh! :D
"I feel like I'm reaching in there alot"
Just found money in my pocket. Awesome.
Great run this morning and heavy sand bag training for 15 round
anyone else exhausted this morning? i had to to the "1-2-3 and up" count to force myself out of bed :/ hah
I find it funny that there is all this hate around someone who simply says, Thank you God. Thank you Jesus. Who have you thanked today??
we want too be in the video even if it dancing. Or even getting a line w.e u have avaliable
“: nigga, start coming to school.”PREACH!
Allegheny man owns 84% of FaceBook? Hm...
Wtf. There is seriously a guy at my school who got extensions on his rat tail. That just shouldn't happen.
I hate people who think they're entitled to things. None of us are entitled to anything, you have to work for the things you want.
Times are crazy but I know God's got something waiting. Time to make moves in Faith
sorry professor, i just clearly couldn't care enough.
I miss my cousin so much
The Shrek babies are so cute ☺
Never knew Hitler applied for a fine arts academy.
Come on out and support OB Scholarships by coming to the first ever Reel Rock in Denver!
No work tonight so I spent the day tuning up my pressure washing equipment. Running like a champ, give me a driveway, I'll clean em up.
“: It's not often I can say this but it's true: Even I could tackle better than that, Packers.”
i appreciate that. =) much love. xoxo
win some dough negro
Things on the up and up I see
lol you thought I forgot didn't you Happy Birthday
My name is Alisa Lerario & I am obsessed with Sorry. I had to say it.
I miss my Thatchy Mc Thatcher Pants. :(((
Deleting tweets is for the not so gay kind of queer.
wen he gets asked in interveiws wat his religion his he says "my religion has nothing to do with my band and our music"
- Emma Stone reminds me of you!!
Much love and respect. Holla at your girl
thank you for hosting my #21birthday at your hotel! So excited to go to 360! First bar trip!
Happy birthday ! Love you Kathy !:)
I'm Alicia :) Who are you?
My review of "The Raid:Redemption" - gorgeous violence!! Another successful, nontraditional firm outing. Thanks to all our staff/admin pros!
My birthday is on June 18th and I'm getting a decked out hummer limo but I don't know where to go! Tweet me some ideas(:
No, Robert... This would be a bad, bad, confused church.
me don't like 😡 lol
School. Championships today and then freshman orientation.
keep seeing all these great alum events on fb. How do we get one in CO?! Let me know what I can do!
Watch our dear friend and client Patti creator of on the Morning Blend at 9:20 today on her new studio, make-up by
I want a guy to make me mix cd's like in nick and norah's infinite playlist . . . :D
I just probably need to eat. Its been a crazy week
Nine years ago today went on my first date with Amy
Looking for someone in Madison who can create some simple body illustrations for a medical app - stylized outlines important, not realism
K I'm waiting
lol he CEO of dat sh*t ! position just given to him, never had a job a day in his life... I'm in the wrong occupation
we dont see things as they are, we see them as we are.
if they get one in their backyard, I want to come try it out! :)
Get on the list stop playing with frauds and losers that can't spell or CAP
This should not have happened. Oh god.
A search engine considers the content of the sites to determine the QUALITY of a backlink, have them from relevant sites.
woow swag right there
#ThatAKWARDMomment --> Typing In Google Really Fast So You Wont See All Those Suggestions -_-
Philadelphia district attorney says his office will no longer pursue the death penalty against And the work continues....
ok. Still painful but everything going well.. Hope to be out Sunday or monday
can you ask them to return my groupons?
Awesome! If you buy tickets from us you can get them for 2 dollars cheaper :)
Black Plague doctors... fuck yeah!
RT : oppression flourishes not because of evil, but because of the many who endorse it w/silence or private/safe hand wringing
Great food last night. Good beer too
This series is getting god! Looks like Mavs may take game 4!
ouch, Enes just got dunked on... & he committed the foul. Lets go big fella
Most championships, heisman winners. Sounds scary to me RT : "Rudy." The idea that ND has that many fans is terrifying. RT
As good as cats at least! RT :
FantasyPlaza Thanks for following...
SORRY HUN, WE ARE FULL THIS THURS EVENING, IS TOMORROW ANY GOOD? OR 530 WEDS?
Mistakes. We all make them.
nice. Travel safely.
not looking to hot for the lake show..bynum playing like Perkins haha
We're going to eat pizza at lunch today. Wanna come with?
There are many wonderful things that will never be done if you do not do them. Charles D Gill
She is my dancer when she dance I throw her dollas!
actually I wouldn't be surprised. some guys just don't realize what they have until it's too late. I've made that mistake
Veganism has always been about rejecting animal products as far as POSSIBLE and PRACTICABLE.
#wiwx tips for you! How to shovel: grab remote, slippers, afghan. Find recliner. Relax, & enjoy the comfort of your #energyefficient home!
hope your new salons are doing well. Keep up the great work !
Neil Armstrong has been kicking it suborbital since 1955! Excited abt his thoughts on X15 and "birth of suborbital spaceflight"!
Isn't it amazing how a song presented at the right time has the power to bring you to your knees?
So far I don't know anyone who has been able to see it. Have been scanning FB for posted pics, nothing!
If and are both in town for my birthday that will be the end of me. Death by happy.
Th song pay phone is kinda sad
what time do i need to catch the train?
Check your direct messages 😍
Our drama dept. earned the SDETA Distinguished Theatre Program Award. Thank you to my principal, students and parents!
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have improved so much, I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 3
Hey there! We were in NYC and had the busiest week. Glad to see you again, virtually! Hope the holidays are treating you well : )
thanks so much, Chad! I've heard there are a few tix left for Sunday. 635-PLAY
I find it so cute how my 5 year old sister is obsessed with Adele's 21 CD
3/6 ap tests done. can't wait til this weekend
why can't I fall asleep
i've been in colombia. so no!
In AWE of all u veteran AIIP'ers! Thanks for a fabulous first conference! Great mtng all of you!
Girls always think they're winning the fight until they lose the man they thought they had already won.
Ladies get your hair done right! follow
you guys are the cutest couple! Your so sweet to each other! :) have a wonderful day love birds! :)
hi! I'm going out of town for work (to Palm Springs!!!!) but will come say hi when I get home. Loved the rabbit bolognese last visit
WTF LOAD TWITTER
I agree - Set ridiculous fitness goals! - "If at first an idea doesn't sound absurd then there's no hope for it." -- Albert Einstein
we now have Tad's scarves in common! Look forward to our next meetup.
theme = Buddy likes The South
This afternoon I dreamed about, wow, I'd give for a dream come true: P If you want to know what I dreamed, follow me,please
good pullin a Double. Ugh
Hey everybody, follow to more than 100 followers
Happy mother's day you guys!
Vets Unite is Launching a New Site to help Vets get the Help they need. We need web help and donations. Email us if you can help!
Great time, great food! House smoked haddock cake, caviar, mustard & creme fraiche with a glass of Albarino..
I'm remaking the remake of the remake of ITFOD because I have the EP version! :P
New this year: UCLA students receive FREE admission to Archive screenings with a valid Bruin ID!
you rock sir!
By "it" i mean the show i've been cutting, of course.
Getting another iPod touch.
Long hot day.time for a swim.
people don't know how to copy now a days
Oh, and Chris is beautiful on the inside AND the outside.
Moments away from the opening face-off on #WesternNight at The rival in the house tonight. Alex Gajic returns.
“: Officially an Arkansas Razorback!!! #GOHOGS #razorbacknation #WPS” Welcome Ray!!
I just want to sleep all day.
Time to put my phone away before I say something I'll regret in the morning.
Vans Warped Tour hits Atlanta in just a little over a week and a half. I'll be there!! Where will you be?!?! =D
its just tweets back and forth with her friend and an iconiac. i think its just a joke tho :>)
ooh yeah i can see how that'd be tough. btw, i am NOT ignoring your email. I'm mostly just ignoring... life. lol
Tonight @ the Studio... Salsa 4 those w/experience @ 6:30pm. Followed by Casino Rueda @ 7:30pm and (beginners R welcomed).
follow back nigga
Gotta keep you on your toes, Alisiana. You're sure to blow that final out of the water.
I know the girl i want gay will never turn gay LOL
treat people as concepts, map them to uncover hidden connections. why researchers need vivo
If You Went To ICON And Saw Chachi Right Now, Your Lucky Cuz I Live In Fricken California
hey! Heard you on Hockey East OT!
I've read about him and DM'd him. He said he was working on English translations. He has a great voice.
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it
justin bieber? Haha ;)
So I told my bae...I'm on my way!
I'm pretty good :) just all bored! No ones up and stuff :l how've you been since Ms. Julie's class? :D
Think pink! Fabulous.
ladys that strip make that cash shaking that ass my triple beams M O B hold it down in cali in NY IL FL we taking this shit world wide LV
To all my new followers thanks for the follow, to all my old followers thanks for the ongoing support.
Aaww :3 I love that dogs my friend have one
A moment of appreciation for #madmen PR team. Is there an outlet that hasn't featured the show's return tonight?
Being impatient <<<<<<
My balls & my words all I have
You're welcome! Anytime. And next time...you'll have to come for homemade sauce and pasta.
or with the storm that's about to kick in
LMFAO! your stalker is that kiwi girl?!?!
packed house and killin it at !
feels like summer in OK today.
Ashley Tisdale & Boyfriend Scott Speer Split: Report It looks like Ashley Tisdale is a single lady. Us Weekly reports that the High Schoo
My bae Malibu takes good care of me.....love her so much.
ill give u mines 203 8503876
I should just fuck off lol
Thanks for reading!
Hey Karen! Thanks for the following.
yes, yes that is Squirtle. From the episode of Pokemon, where there is a gang of them
Some drunk young man just told me I look like an angel-faced virgin who doesn't cuss. Who the hell was he mistaking me for?!
The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the more you enjoy
Also a good choice! How do you like yours? Spicy? Mild?
#SuperBowl The game is over and the Giants have won the Super Bowl again 21-17. Patriots just can't figure it out.
in the gym u at home
#IWASTHINKIN DOES. WHO WANTS ICE CREAM?
We just found out it's an Antonov An-124, here to refuel.
Funny how falling feels like flying for a little while
shares her journey rebranding at Intersections and Shared Ideals Across Design Disciplines
Pouched or poached?
Jackson Hole? West Jellystone?
Ok ok he might be right I love talent that shit Turn me On ...
Man I've never had an issue with Seagate ever. My old Seagate that I use for everyday use has been tickin' since 2006!
Bullets one at a time or together? Research says show all parts at once before digging into parts
Some blk folks want light skinned babies with curly hair just to have something to brag about
Sadly, I'm about to make your day worse...check ur inbox. Actually, go look at pictures of kittens playing and THEN check.
#SongsIListenToEveryday Magnificent Seven by The Clash (well, most days...)
Doing what I do best.
good, at brunch now. You?
Show tomorrow night Doors open at 7pm, $7 cover. Come out and show us your support!
i had no choice but me and my mom have a better relationship ship now :D
Anytime. RT : Just finished the half, and that sounds great right about now.
windows down radio up kinda day.
Early 90s hip-hop was the real innovator. The five years between 90-95 were a boom like we'll never see again.
GOT EM !! Electric Daisy here we come
1nce upon a time in
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace
The Walking Dead game on XBLA: Fun but kinda drags ass.
it sounds like an effing mariachi band out side my window it's 3 in the morning shut up
Go Brew Crew!
I'm thinking about frying up a pound of Benton's bacon and just drinking the rendered fat
~Hi you wanted to speak about possible collaboration?
"riverun past Eve and Adam's by swerve of shore and bend of bay, etc" tried it hundreds of times, when it worked, we got married
Talent management LA...
Every 2nd week. RT : Did I miss the Friday word play competition? I missed breakfazzt today so anything's possible.
I just renewed my premium for another year, no question. I use it dozens of times a day.
#nowplaying ol dirty bastard Brooklyn Zoo
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS WORLDWIDE!!!!!
So tempted to make a waffle...but gotta be ready for
Hey are you working on a screenplay or a film... I'm working on a feature screenplay to hoopefully film this year.
I was going to respond to your tweet, but you deleted it skank.
I love hearing your voice
"Critical Psychology Confronts Racialized Crises": Free talk by Michelle Fine of on prison pipeline TODAY 4pm
life is more fun that way lol
You've got to lose to know how to win.
that's fair but I think the energy some journalists expend obsessing over tech (and technique) can be better spent on story.
#3WordsOfAdvice Learn To Spell.
Sounds like your wife and I would get along then! :-) Thanks for the message.
basically a thank you for staying patient and continuing to support the overall agenda...
Wednesday -6/1/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
That's right scal that's what we do
You're really going to tell me, Tim Duncan is even half the defender is?! That automatically supplants Tim at #10!
Going to see Joe Rogan tonight at Cobbs in San Francisco!
Greenpeace is the "largest environmental organization globally in 40 different countries" says
Did you know that the number two plastic surgery procedure is breast enhancement?
I agree completely but it's not like I have anything to look forward to I'm just going to be working to pay for car insurance.
Watching the #Clippers while picking winners for #HollywoodPark with a #PizzaPort brew in hand.
there was a time when my world was full of darkness.
wish things were the same as they used to be...
Greta Van Susteren confuses herself
My back has been aching really bad since yesterday. I wish a cute boy would give me a massage.
Follow the Adamouski if you are an emerging artist and wish to participate in our international art competition.
to the msn joint?
In My Room Workin On Some Of My Music. & iFinally Have A Name 4 My Upcoming Album!.
you're the love of my life!
It's Friday..back to work on Sunday!
thank you. :)
Really? Change my password? Jee willy how clever of you
Biology EOC this morning ;-; ima fail...
I use #Microsoft #OneNote - integration w/ IE is nice, supports diverse multimedia & is searchable. #Zotero is great too
Jalen we just past there decided not to go
One week until so many amazing bands and #Michigan brands!
Well, it is a toasty 48 Degrees F here where I am... please let it rain and the heat wave break in Texas!!!
Uh, maybe we should wait to judge whether it's tweet-worthy!
Knowing em, there'll be f time to catch other shows n then be in time for them to take da stage at 2a.
Shoulders, Triceps, and core today...it's gonna be a good Tuesday :)
Tiger expressed ALL of the sentiments that he needed to express.
Hahaha ya boy Wayne teamin up wit #TPAIN to do a musical ab Freaknik. Haha hope it’s as wild as this Weezy DVD we gots.
So I'm addicted to sleep, its my drug, my bed is my dealer, & my alarm clock is the police
Someone was creepin on my instagram earlier.
LIVE NY HOUSING Special: apt studio UES - all inclusive - comfortably accommodates up to 4 people -$150/night. Inquiries
haha oh :D my dogs are annoying at night Dx
bwahahaaa that's amazing!
keep them 👍thumbs up👍
Ohmygoood. The google zipper thing is soo much fun... #Fact -.-
Visualize what you can't see
Off to the mid west.......see you next week west coast!
Tomorrow is my little sister kyla and my ex boyfriend's birthday
i've had some help and been at it a while - 8380 of those are my posts
jk - translation - im not kidding i just dont want you to get mad at what i said
If you're hungry when you leave #diytrunkshow there so many great restaurants nearby.
Experience "sophisticated relaxation" while earning 10% #cashback when you go to Prime Cigar & Wine Bar!
Happy Birthday Mom ( Patricia Pulley) .. Hope you have a great birthday weekend!! I love you bunches!!!!!!!!
u got a few ass whipping coming
Let's go get it!
Miami in less den 2 weeks :)
Follow me ! Changing the world one beautiful person at a time.
When he messages you && says Hey Babe:) It just makes your whole day better:)
Finally in wish I had someone to go home too
That's not true. Break out Dave's App for yourself and see, there are numerous ways to make a least change map work.
Slept way too long today... In other news, good morning.
YOU ARE INCREDIBLE! :)
A stellar and timely article. Thanks for sharing Lance!!
Don't forget! World-renowned State Capella (Choir) of Russia will be in Potomac, MD, TONIGHT at 7 pm! Tix are only $35! Call 301.548.9250.
but while the 1st half was controlled by FCD, SKC took over the 2nd and made the game theirs. Deserved win in the end
Kourtney was a bitch to Scott. He was so sweet to commission that painting of them! #kktny she's weird for not wanting pix at all in the hse
I just walked by a house that had a bunch of swords sitting on the front porch.
Djslym: I'm gonna have lil scrappy in town soon doing features with indie artist. If u interested please hit me up. Serious artist only FWD
#kids Frog Prince at The Art Centre Theatre, Fri, May 11 5:00p: Come be a part of the audience for this wonderful production. Join us on...
Since FN_shorty is away... #FNgamenight is a solo mission. Social stream + steam games tonight! Skype in and play with me!
I'll take a bottle of sodo to go
°o° OK! Which one of you just got 567,000 on Toy Story Midway Mania and ruined it for the rest of us? :)
but really, did stare at your ass. She told me all about it and I stared, too.
haha yep sounds about right
We're at the best place around, but some stupid with a flare gun burned the place to the ground. Damn! I know we’ll never forget
take me with you! I love u!
William Levy escaped Cuba, Donald Driver overcame homelessness, and Katharine Jenkins had a bad breakup...
Not feeling the anouncers at the clippers game.
thanks shell :)
Why does everybody say I play games I don't lol
There is a method to everything I do....
to review DK concert for Examiner.com.
Follow she just got a new Twitter account to go with her new last name :)
I couldn't agree with u more “: I can not!! I reapeat: I CAN NOT WAIT TILL SCHOOL IS OVER! I am so over this semester.”
chasing the sun=amazingestfantastical song EVER
It's been a god weekend .
We can help you work some brewing history into the next Trivia Night, just say the word!
I think in a month. Just had one so back in training.
As gas prices go up, I see more people taking the bus and Metro Rail.
When the weight of life is bearing down, stare back and have the courage to take just one more step...
I love that color!
Moms signing for her new truck
Production on the second installment of Dexter: Dorm Room Days starts tonight! It's going to be a killer shoot..
great to hear that is involved with ! Loved "Random Acts of Kidness" that was at Block2
low key i jump higher than all yall. Lmao jk
Digging out my tennis gear for tomorrow, finally.
So how bad is Gretchen going to be on stage?
Good Morning Denver, CO. Rockies 1-6 on the Road, When will the Bats erupt, and the Pitching stabilize?????
#iplspring SCOTUS focused on source-distinguishing ability of mark, not ontological status as color, that permits it to serve basic TM purps
Decided not to go this weekend!
Birmingham, AL- need females for video shoot. Pay is 200 dollars. Nudity not required. (Casting Code B3)
Just watched VD on DVR. Now I can go to sleep, too!
Now that's the kind of talk I like 2 hear!
ONE HOUR AWAY from our viewing party for Red Bull Supernatural 1-3PM! -- both Dupont and Tenleytown locations
is getting really concerned I'm not gonna finish this project by the end of the year.
3OT incoming #caps #rangers both teams blasting shots, i predict winning team wins series (1-1 currently)
Referring to the story, I just hope that no disciplinary action is taken against these employees.
It's confusing..
I'm inspired to watch my children face the hard stuff in life even when it's most painful. Very proud to be their mom!
: I've never learned anything at a conference. It's the feeling. Makes you feel like you could accomplish anything.
its 10:45 and i'm passing out why
#ABC's #TheBachelor will be holding a casting call in #Baltimore on June 28th, at the #GreeneTurtle #Baltimore at McHenry Row
Philly learned from past to include parents so created school advisory councils to choose operators for turnarounds
You, who invented virtualization, I love you.
Watching #milansanremo #msr on French eurosport and I'm intrigued and amused by the trail for le Rois de la Pedale after
How appropriate that I'm at the #FAMUNAA convention and a Rainforest Films movie is on TV!
Thanks for the RT's
Only three more day until opening day
I hope that RGIII works out better for the Skins than Leaf was for the Bolts. Last time a team traded for the second pick behind the Colts.
Darlene Cypser's The Mystery of the Ghostly Bells ebook will be free tomorrow on amazon. Sherlock Holmes & Watson investigate haunted house
Send all design inquires to
Shout 2 my HOMIE his VISUALS FINA KILL EM!!!!
Everybody go follow !!!! Shes Awesomee. :D
Those are like my ABC's in smiley faces format
"Project managers really crack me up...” - I feel you,most are glorified babysitters & have zero leadership qualities..
I'm off to Spain! But fear not, in 2 weeks I'll be back to brighten your day with happy tweets. In the meantime I'll be snapping castanets.
WOW just finished our album art up. Its amazing! Thanks a ton dude!
Dear please come out and play.
oh mariners revenge with the first encore. Amazing.
pretty much .... nobody going to ever see things the way the other side see it so drop it ..
About to get an exam on my shoulder and then some A.R.T.
Damn straight.
Just book the Kindle app on my MacBook and bought a book. Why did I not do this sooner?
Once the cat's out of the bag, there's no turning back.
Morning twitter!
fuck this, im going after you<3
"what does the term library mean to you?"
Totally jelly right now
I wonder what talking about .
Is anyone else aware that the #HoustonRockets had Jeremy Lin but gave him up to sign Samuel Dalembert? Sittin on a gold mine & didnt know it
Safe travels guys! RT : Wow brewery folk in full force at DIA! watch out San Diego!
thank you shawty love u for that
he he he ok! I'm finally going to sleep.. Nite nite 💗u!!
for myself. I'm greedy like that ;)
I am! I haven't been able to stop playing Happy Hour since it came out!
And when Im there? Andi is doing nothing that is considered mathh? lol
If we keep students at the center of our efforts, we can enact change, says Ward of
Is that place new orleans themed by any chance?
Bottoms Up
having a cyberpunk moment via skype with at
maybe courtyard ill kno for sure tommrrow round 2
I'm your biggest fan!! #Belieber forever
There is a "Snapped" marathon on. I cannot stop. Bitches are crazy.
That was the one that actually inspired last weekend's stupid MLB letter-swap thing. Still amuses me.
Overheard at a Portland food co-op, "It's for Christmas dinner, so it needs to go with the baby Jesus ribs."
A unit of power equal to 1,000 watts.
Quick! Tell Doug, Kottaras at first, Maldanado as 2nd catcher!
thank u my love you r a great girl too :) I have to study a little bit and I'll relax the rest of the day :D what did u do ?
yeah bro for sure i wanna chill with my niggas
#Grateful today for good friends who share my passion and inspire me!
Happy Birthday buddy. Many happy returns of the day. Hope someone has purchased you a horse trough full of skittles! :)
the fountain at Bellagio for sure
Are you getting the results you want from your actions? If not, do you need to switch the way you look at things, if ever so slightly?
The Abyss only wants deep, meaningful hugs.
Awww...thanks so much! Have a super weekend!
:cod quote... going to play cod4?
SHOUT OUT TO BILL GOLDBERG AND MANY BLESSING TO YOU SIR. GOD BLESS!
I would actually like to know what kind of summer reading programs you have planned?
Still trying to wake myself up...didn't get much sleep last night, ugh!
Jim asked about it, and I said it would be good to make it adjacent to but not in conflict with. ASEE in Louisville?
Thanks very much
Finally moving out of my patents house and moving in with some crazy ppl who wants to help me pack ? haha
i cant im at band camp right now
Lovely work holiday party yesterday . Will definitely be hard for to match it today.
LEONA LEWIS IS AMAZING.
shit lol im flat broke...shit i need a hustle
Will there still be room for the copper mantels to grow if have all that other stuff in there...?
Boy, nothing makes me appreciate my good health like losing it for a day or two.
Those are some good ones. I'd pick Cristiano Ronaldo (omfg), Ryan Kawnten, Robert Smith. Picking three is too hard.
BIG CONGRATS 2 my colleagues , Bartley, Nasser & team on the Overseas Press Club Award 4 their Egypt/Libya reporting
I think I need to go back to my old ways....
Join us on June 4th in NYC!
= shock jock. Trying to imply white Redskins fans are racists. Stop it SKIP! Shame on you!
Where the spots at for the fight tonight d.c
What a movie! Watched Tatoo 2 times in a row!!
but thats me ?
What do you listen to while you work out?
thanks for the quick response! I will forward the Email
Thank you for the #FF shout out!
Playing a combo gig at Black on Burlington on August 3rd. Private event
I know it's Paulie at the plate but starting Dunn moving is a little much
We had a blast at NHT's Annual Event, this past Sat! Shaunyce Omar rocked the house as High Hat Hattie.
Anyone know of any SlidesShare alternatives?
Since Dwight Howard is out for the Olympics Tyson Chandler is a lock to make team USA
Please have standards... Or you'll settle for anything!
Actually, level of severity has no relation to parent's level of optimism. Apparently, it's a matter of choice.
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." Oliver Wendell Holmes
listening "shook me all night long" by AC/DC and sweeping the floor.You guys create a big mess last night. :)
Mad Men is on there!?!?!?! I've been wanting to watch that and didn't even think to search for it...thank you so much!
website re-design! Far less clutter and larger type size! Nice job :)
Cottage cheese >>
if only i knew the answer to that question... ": why are you always awake"
Hey there! Yes, it was me..... your guys are AWESOME! Thanks so much for taking care of us, you are Awesome!
My head hurts! :(
some very cool classes there!
When a grown person decides they need to tell me a ghost story, I just say in my best spooky voice "I'm so bored!"
BatteryPower.co is open!
because they are losers. They do it all the time!
That's awesome! Let us know when you do. We'd love to see it. Plus, who doesn't love chocolate?
free yoga for earth day! sunday, 4:30pm @ Fed Hill & sunday, 8pm @ Towson -- just say the magic password "mother earth" to get in fo' free!
How many starters will be in the Miami Dolphins’ rookie class?
Today 1936: Freight train derailed near Janesville, WI. 18 cars, 13 of which were oil tankers, burned. Luckily, no one was injured.
follow me :D
Bagels made it through customs
I'm not going to lie today was pretty good!
Great weekend now time to recover for the next round of shenanigans!
A big congratulations to Indiana's 2011 Teacher of the Year, Stacy McCormack, from Penn High School!
Blue Ivy Carter Meets Prince, Taylor Swift, Nicki Minaj and Others [SNL SKIT]
btw I havent seen you in too long wtf bro!
I would like to congradulate. this is an honor and something to make a big deal of.
Good morning twitter
It's a prank y'all.
if denver wins i hope no laker fans off themselves
Safe travels! Have fun in Portland!
RT : A word of THANKS to ALL who attended "An Evening with the Arts" hosted by & ! Indeed, it was a very...
Its quiet in the car....
Pool swim !! Ahh my favorite ! 😡✊
We may have to. Hope you dont mid gettin your hands a little dirty lol
Damn what am i doing awake o__O?
That awkward moment when you didn't set anyone straight...
okay yall lets do it!
got nothing...
#prowrestlingtv Attitude Era #Raw....SWEET!!!!
Is waiting....
Okay so I can't believe I'm saying this...Kentucky basketball team is important :( lol
I was like.. Did dis nigga get lighter? BUT NO. IT'S YO TEEF. Now call me I need to ask you somefiiiish!
Much appreciated RT : I declare today void. Don't even bother starting it
that sarcastic RT : Well this is gonna be a sweep. Clippers completely overwhelmed early. Totally dominated by the Spurs.
...and the value of giving away services to causes u believe in can be immeasurable..says Margaret conf.call
we are all still very proud of you guys..
This may be a position player pitching kind of game. Who comes in? Maybe Pedro and they don't play with a third baseman.
You'll be getting a call from the FBI soon.
Just finished editing my paper for the #AES spring conference, presenting tomorrow
this is my hat now. This is totally my hat.
Gettin that tan on!
I have no tolerance for other people if I'm sober.
Haha :) Yeah, I heard a Shark on #SharkTank say it. Made me cringe :(
If u need any artwork or photography done get at me.. package deals on design and print also. hit me up for samples of my work..
Nicki is going on tour with Britney this summer, according to Ryan Seacrest.
Happy birthday :D
Preserve rivalries, don't chase money RT With all this change what is AFs goal? They are a nation team in a regional league.
If you like to learn and laugh...you're in the right place!
i have to go be back on later !! going to a BBQ with the family :) !! i love you all <3
had a look at your website and I was a little confused with what your software does and I am experienced in WP
Bollywood Flashmob and more at Dance Is The Answer closing party TODAY at Strathmore: www.danceistheanswer.org
Grapple with this, Marquette BasketBall is right around the corner already! Don't forget we send buses for all regular season home games!
omg yes i can finally get back on twitter(:
Who knew a new headboard and bed frame could make so much of a difference... I slept wonderfully last night.
We like cellphones in the hood we die or catch a charge..
#FF who was a birthday girl this week!
adjusting my #quantifiedself experiments to further datify my life.
What I would do to visit now! RT Only immediate family could visit an inmate during their stay at Mansfield.
Breath into the belly. Sing from the belly.
Wow...seriously??
did mama Reidel approve of that?? We need lyndsey for the ultimate trifecta!
Can't find my phone, can't hear the ringer, and is down. Fantastic!
Never underestimate the POWER of keeping #RAW Almonds at your desk or in your car. They will SAVE you from cheating on any diet.
pls let me help u!!! I know what works and what is pointless! A pump is a must! Lol oh I love y'all!
Thanks to , Nicole Wallace is famous.
Radio Crystal Awards The theme: Community service is good for business. Here with
party like a rocker my niggas wilder then flocka
HOW DO YOU GUYS FIND OUT YOUR FCAT SCORES?
I have all sorts of white people calling me from Utah. It's quite adorable lol.
Isaac is in the other room rocking the babe to sleep so i can listen to the music
Got some new clientele in the last week and some new Graphic designers in the last 2 Weeks. The expansion begins
Toure is a race baiter. Obsessed with race.
yea I feel that! I hear Gorgui Dieng is coming out with r&b album!! Should b a good 1!!
#IfWeAreInARelationship i would be blessed and would be the luckiest girl alive<3
My #Bdaytweet goes out to breezy Happy bday !
I Wore a brand new white shirt to work and some how managed to get ketchup all over it ... I suck at life!
Hey - find our street team on campus today! There may or may not be balloon animals involved.
Yeah! Clarinets are the "violins" of the wind ensemble :)
Dedicated my day to Nathan. <3 :)
Just had dinner at eddies moms house. Shredded turkey on Cuban bread with black beans and ride. #poopytime!
Definitely horns.
Did you know that if you mix dirt with vodka, you can make mud? and its organic!
For the Twitter marketing automation community: Marketo CEO Phil Fernandez has joined the convo Looking forward to his thoughts
bye have a great day <3 i love you
she follows everyone back x) but its something :)
what the subtweet is going on in here?
you're going to your dad's this weekend??? Me to!(: follow?? It would make me super happy(:
yeah! thanks again erin! :)
Hopefully no flooding? All if this nice weather here all the bugs are already out
lost 5.5 pounds since his last weigh-in!
With great power, comes great responsibility.....and shorter naps.
"Oh, I knoww. Only woman that I feel should be shot." -My Dad (Agreeing Ms. Trunchbull is evil)
thank you for the retweet
That'd be great! Looking forward to hearing about the conference, too.
Looks like met about everyone in #BBN. I didn't even have a sighting :( He's going to be a fan favorite for a long time!
i need a ja-ja-jacket :P im fa-fa-freezing :P
Debating who will win the SEC West with a random Bama fan at Chick-fil-A. That is about as Southern as it gets.
I think ima disappear for a few weeks.
Srsly, also, hopefully UNvicariously, too. Is there a pre-existing word for that?
Was there even a closet to begin with?
RT : Per , the have signed QB John Beck. Released by on April 28.
When they gonna invent a way to get lotion on ur back? Damn
I'm not sure what's less surprising about that home run. That K-Rod gave it up or that Kotsay hit it.
Any symptoms yet Danny?
Hey , I'm excited to perform on the Claremont stage tonight!
RT RT : "$60 million will buy 300 miles of urban bikeways or one mile of urban freeway… Cycling is a cheap date."
Frank Ocean live streaming on #Coachella right now. So much weed. So much smoke. So much dope.
lol k goodnight.
oh and i almost forgot... it's been a while since i've been trolled so badly.. just like getting rickrolled, congrats 4 that
that just shows he was a fake.....hahaha
Hate the smell of stanky ass breath :/
U make me want to say oh my ohmy
Dallas returns to television after a 14 year run and a 22 year hiatus. Now if only Larry Hagman and Barbra Eden re-did I Dream Of Jeanie!!!
I might be out of the loop, but what is kony??
Gunpowder tea is green tea rolled into small balls (pellets). The compact pellets keep well, better than most teas and packs a punch!
#digifact Digital surrogate can offer interaction/experience unavail w real object, e.g. mechanism demo or hi res magnification capability
So good at procrastinating. Frikin midterms-.-
So many sour faces in Nashville today. #PeytonManning has let his old college home fans down. Oh well...
Rider is Brad Domke. Rides for Great surfer too.
rips waves as well as music!
Its Funny When Hoes Try To Compete Against Me, That Shows They Wanna Be Me
But, as soon as I say that...they run 3 off!! Nicely done!
It's #Friday!!
The Nutcracker on Ice, December 9&10!!!
im always ranting to myself about this one bitch..lol
it's actually not *that* fussy, and for someone who can master graphics software? Pieceums of cakie, hmm? I'll try and help.
yes! radio interview would be great. Can you DM me your contact info?
“: Lol at that boy rondo” haha! i know! i think he forgot where he was!
Everything o:)
I wish I have time to watch a live NBA game..
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. - Alfred Lord Tennyson
This skit on SNL is blowin' minds.
I think it went okay thanks :) How was your day? Did you get my email? x
ECO Friendly Home Improvement Retail Store Announces Grand Opening
lol i think i might join the darkside
full album released today though
When I know that Liverpool won the Carling Cup, football is gaining popularity in the US.
Veterans: come check out the Kansas City Veterans Fair at !
I heart
I keep listening to "Misunderstood" over and over! Such an awesome song!!
pssst. rumor has it that OB Rag may be "sharing" a post w/ what ever happened to partisanship?
I don't want to wait forever for this song to come on
Still in session. Gonna be a long week. Interesting, though.
I believe Casey did it, but prosecution never proved w/o doubt she did it. Lack of evidence. Shame she's getting away w murder
You'll never understand what you put me through...
thanks a bunch S/o to you a must follow
Hey Walter! Are you guys hosting a caving clinic anytime soon? May be spending more time in Tampa in the months ahead. :)
S/O to Wall Street & Jedi Knight School… Cincinnati's Finest
AND THIS GAMES IN THE REFRIGERATOR!!!!! LAKERS 3-1
Literally lol'ed at the people in line at mcdonalds. #ftw, duh! Yay rick bayless!
I hate it when people unfollow
I think they're at Starbucks once a month. ;-) hope to see you guys soon.
Thanks John! Great team, great partners.
Thanks bunches!
USPTO Director David Kappos launches new blog for general public and inventors: www.uspto.gov/blog
haha it's not, but school might be! Waiting to hear back from Pikeville.
Dead ass I think dude on my TL is gay
1 Cobb salad 24 dollars plus tip and delivery. 1 movie 18.99. Salad and a movie rental. 50 dollars.
the only promise in life is death
I'm coming in on Saturday! trying the stuffed hash browns FOR SURE. And bacon.
I'm not a Clipper fan in any way but you have to hate basketball to not admire what the Clippers are attempting tonight.
"Good Will Cunting"
Its a Rick Perry joke. Ya know what nevermind lol
there is a new brief (the 3rd brief) check it out and don't forget to leave a comment
Become a team boss with F1 Online: The Game™ - Formula 1
Another big shoot tomorrow, really goin for it. Live chickens. Send us luck.
Hump Day Special! Fuse'd Chocolate Bar. Spiced dark chocolate on graham cracker crust...this delicious creation will get u thru to Friday!
#IamAStanBecause Eminem isn't afraid to show his emotions
those cuties have a lot of ap-peal.
If laughter boosts your metabolism, what happened to Dom DeLuise?
Did that pimple on the inside rim of your nose finally go away? - JW
#Patriots Let's go we got this!!!!!
Happy Birthday enjoy!
Happy Mother's Day to all who qualify!
#Ke$MVP because it's like an 'S' for "second" and a "$" for a crazy big contract
u'll meet someone amazing, i know it. haha
Does anyone recall the gem that Wolf was pitching. I forgot
Getting nervous for the show on Friday already! Uh oh!
i was juss talkin to him about music and he told me hit u up lol....u do music?
I trust in you lord. No matter what.
you're going to take on all 3? Has the gauntlet been thrown?
#ConfessionTime I like feeling sexy.
omg. why am I not being productive?
sadly no. Last year will be hard to top, but I will be gracing Chicago with my presence.
haha yes I am :P but I'm going to sleep
Don't bash what you don't fully understand. You don't sound smart or evolved, u sound like a douche. Better yet, don't bash anything at all.
I can't put my finger on if I'm more annoyed by the $ transaction or the client unsure of proper citations.
in getting nervous cause I don't have tickets yet. Keep your horn up
Laundry, website, and cocktails. Good so far. And you?
Some auditory delights in honor of our beeswax-producing friends, w/out whom there would be no Stewart&Claire (lip balm)....
Very excited to be in new York. Business and pleasure. So amazinging happy.
you're welcome! austria... that's very cool! greetings back from new york (state) :)
I think it was spot on :) Got me to read the mail!
Forgery happened in a campaign CTA was leading. Never said you did it. But who did?? Docs don't forge themselves.
I'm going to France fore the first time on Saturday, I'm so excited!
Amazing -- signs of UMW really are everywhere!
hahaha wow.... That's rock n roll
Sorry to hear about this. Which direction were you going? Also, make sure you are using the most recent schedule dated 4/8/2012.
so much drama in the lbc
While the world is still sleeping, I'm up in the morning.
Looks delicious. Have a great trip!
Every last one of you quoting the odds of winning MegaMillions has already bought a ticket. So
okay, thanks!
uh oh - can you send a screen shot to please? Thanks!
The Avengers great movie<3 ^.^ watched it yesterday
Hear that ? Jen wants a karaoke sequel. Mechanical bull is optional.
ah come on help us out:)
gud morning leave the boos
Jam packed on the Tokyo subway this morning....What's that? This is the red line?
yeah. I got pics up of her everywhere lol
welcome to NYC! Can't wait to relive one of my favorite parts of tonight.
The problem with the Chevy end of the world commercial is that there will only be MEN left at the end of the world.
#YouWasCuteUntil i saw you pick up a cigarette.
Exclnt Program at #NYSAE next week.P&V showing PNV WebCasts at the Technology Showcase.
You will do great can't wait!!:D HaHa
thank you so much, i am so glad you like them!
Omygoshh! Mona is A!!
having fun? i know i am:D
ABOUT TO WORK ON SUM LINES FOR NEXT WEEKS AUDITON!!!
cough.. I'm right over here ;)
Have the new drive set up with all of the files transferred. Now to link the media then finish the new edit and create a new sound mix.
It irritates me that does not mention controversy about Sapong's goal in their analysis. They fail to acknowledge any failure from ref
getting ready to watch the Oscars..my favorite awards ceremony of the year<3<3
I am wiser because of my mistakes.
2 things I find attractive about Ocho Cinco is he is gorg & a douche bag. That's it
LOL! RT : Holy Cow! It's bad-dressed tourists day in DC. Didn't they get the memo that the cherry blossoms are gone?
wow, just did... is sweet!
Wisconsin is representing tonight at the #Westminsterdogshow!
No Ad-Rock died the beastie boys are suppose to live forever
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty
black girl
Oh no it's Friday the 13th! SCARY! / #
For real? I just got a letter in the mail from the BMV saying my license is suspended? I didn't do shit???
Fillimg out an app for mcds (aka the whore house of fast food)
GET INTO Battlestar Galactica!
Oh shit!! ": Ahahahaha RT : #weDONTgotogether when I smack the shit out you for assuming we go together!! #sub lmao"
UGH that always happens. fixed now.
Left CSI OpenHouse #CSINSC , missed #X10 bus (driver saw me, drove off) Nice stranger in car gave me lift & caught bus #NewYorkers are nice!
^o^ if someone promoted me I'd love you forever.
RT : Nice demo for team by #geocommons. Lots of potential for #archives & #libraries to share & expose
That's sad
upset that everyone is using purple ribbons for Sheridan's death..those are epilepsy awareness ribbons. NOT car wreck ribbons.
Crap. Now I notice the dog hair in my wine! RT : And has added Sour Patch Kids to her wine. With a straw. So there's that.
watching fear factor - why is this lady eating a pigs nose >:/
You just may be OK, it's the small regional planes that get the cancellations first. I'll be pulling for ya! :)
INCREDIBLES, baby. Also really dig the theme to Catch Me if You Can. Iconic? Probably not
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
HU Art Department Student Body Meeting today from 2pm - 3pm in room 3001 of the Fine Arts building.
Welcome Big Ron, Sarah, Neal and Eric! Thanks for following...hope you like what you see. : ) Have a great day!!!
never stopped. And yeah, I'll definitely be around.ay even stop at a party or two. We'll see.
have a great weekend! When are you coming to NYC?
Who is the best rock group of all time?
I've genuinely laughed at two SNL sketches tonight. That's more than in years.
Great question!
Just discovered that we've accidentally included Alleluias in all our 5pm service leaflets during Lent. Surprised no one pointed it out.
tons of students at the secrets wall between classes!
you're my wonderwall.
thank you for following me! I didn't even know until today! Haha. Thank you again. I love youu<333
Thanks, Brian!
Hulu REALLY needs to improve its ad selection algorithm to avoid showing me the same useless ad 3 times in a row with no breaks in between.
even though you're a #Braves fan, you have to realize they probably won't be able to keep this up through a whole season.
Where leaders are born
Lol man I'm thinking bout banging this ice cream sandwich all because you made me hungry lol and today is tomorrow hahaha
<------Follow for instant follow back #Team2Sexy the baddest ladies on Twitter!!
Nothing ages your car as much as the sight of your neighbor's new one. EVAN ESAR
I just saw a spider...I'm not going to sleep.
I'm about ready to climb on top of this northbound Caltrain, India style. These people are bunk.
I'm back!! I'm refreshed and inspired!! Tonight @ 8pm Swing/Funk...that's right. I said it. Come find out what it means!!
« Happy Mothers Day 2 dem bitches wit kids»- LMAOOOOO
chilling like the winter lol
No hour of life is wasted that is spent in the saddle
Just did an interview with Tampa Bay Rays' player BJ Upton. Gonna see how his run compares to a cheetah's.
I am converging on
idk put whatever you want and thanks again
At least you didn't put coffee in your sugar.
My face has been numb since 230........ WTF
Feeling a little better, or at least dont feel like I'm gonna die today... its been 3 days now, and I have 7 more to go until im off meds :/
I hate to think I lost a friend cause u couldn't keep ya dick to yo self but hey next
Usually we love us some KTRU, but this bizarre Celtic/Guitar-Center-style metal shredding they're playing right now is...well, questionable.
Yes! Thanks! Going to the vet this morning to see if my pup needs surgery. Boo!
Job Hunt: Tips for using social networks to your advantage
LG LS970 'superphone' shows up again, flaunts its removable battery and NFC chip
#NF an solid disc jockey
hahaha, how does it feel selling out just to graduate? RT : No I dont want to sit in on a TU swim practice and write a paper on it
Does anyone have a pencil I can use for the ACT?
- that's because I'm a tough guy. Grrr!
Today is Cerebral Palsy Awareness Day. About 1 in 303 children in the U.S. have cerebral palsy...
When the waiter left our table he literally skipped away. When he approached us, he hopped. It was simultaneously unnerving and amusing.
Shower time , then to beat my mug! <3
RIP EJ McGuire
#teddyatlas going off on espn
