Agreed, maybe an 11 for Giants RT : Good follow up , I'd give #SFGiants, Golden State Warriors a 10.
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK!!!
So what #bass you gonna get next? Curious minds need to know... :)
Thank you! We are very excited about it! Thanks for following!
um followin u now follow back
It's crazy how obsessed I am with heels
Cant wait for the summer! Going to Vegas for Hip Hop International!
At Miller Park, talking to Brewers fans who say this team is going to the World Series. Hear their reasons, on 12 News at Ten.
CMT is far from having anthing Jersey Shore related.
RIP Steve Jobs... Wow, you will be missed.
"The Brave one" was pretty good
Anyone know a band that would have been on the up in 1951, and could have then slept on the couch of some artist in the Bowery? (Fiction HW)
I have returned from the dead with a vengence. Even starting a blog soon.
it's just our MRL league and we won two and tied the last
you either come to me or you don't
Can't stop watching Melissa and Ade's performance to "This Woman's Work"... The most beautiful thing you will ever watch. Tyce is a genius.
Whoa..just added an absolute CRAP LOAD of y'all on G+...hahahahaa <333
Customization isn't just for rich and famous anymore! Come create your own pasta today for lunch!
uh why? It's her account..
There's probably no hope of this awesome idea landing in the Valley, is there? The rent's cheaper here than Santa Monica, hint hint...
thanks Jess :))
Thats just weird...
asked me yesterday why didn't I get my weave longer than my real hair. I said whit this is my real hair. Lmfao
Here's hoping every one has a safe Valentines Day evening a wonderful night and sweet dreams!
If I Die Tomorrow, nobody would come to my funeral.
It's a beautiful day, so I'm @ the park letting my daughter get it in!
Panda express >>>>>>
that's awesome!!
Good to have you here, Great conversations going on. Now, out for lunch!
Sign up for lightning talks in the big room (1400) on the whiteboard.
"If we only have the will to walk, then God is pleased with our stumbles." - C. S. Lewis
im exaggerating ull never be as great as me, but u can try hard and shoot over 40% from midrange maybe
Got to give it up to 98.7 Kiss FM. Playin all the 80s jams this weekend. Might have to hit that '86 Ham reunion nxt wknd.
that's life !!
Is awake and not happy about it. Of course it's 1 in the afternoon, so I prob'ly shouldn't bitch 2 much.
How are you removing your tattoo? Laser?
the reading of his- tory makes possible the revolt against what G. K. Chesterton once called the
At the dog park relaxing and trying not to think about writing
;) you know it.
Oppose yeah!!! Back on the dream!
We love Mila Kunis too! Glad to hear you liked her new movie!
call me maybe
ahh! busted! I don't remember how I created it.. haha! Still working on it.. but ur the 1st to notice. Kudos. :D
Aw I'm so sorry :( I hope he unblocks u! <3
mostly all my friends backstabbed me. the only real friends back then, are my bestfriends now
*gun shot gun shot*
"Tell everyone what you want to do and someone will want to help you do it." ~ W. Clement Stone
I think the sharks should have taken a spin on the ...great behind the scenes footage idea.
Sounds YouTube worthy Brennan & Nick! :) Hoping to make it!
What are you going to be for Halloween?
who needs friends, riqht ?
I love that my aunt compares Mike and I to Morticia and Gomez Addams because of how goofy in love we are. Lol. Love you auntie!
Not sure why I've received two Happy Mother's Day texts today. Not sure if it's a joke or not but it's not funny..
Craig do you still hang out at 37?
I want icecream :/ too bad I finished all the gelato yesterday.
maybe I will see you there! What is your goal time? 1/2 or full?
If ever there was a day to play hookey, today would be it. It's gorgeous outside. Wish I could play with the dog all day!
Relationship chapel? FML please, singles awareness day.
It only cost me hardwork & discipline. If u too can afford it you're set! 😉 “: I just want a body as fit as 😔”
hope you can join us at the 2012 Milwaukee Wine Opener!
follow her tweets!
also good luck! I hope it is something easy :)
ATTENTION SINCE THE BOYZ HAVE MADE MERC. THAT MEANS THEY'RE GOING TO BE BIG. US CHICAGOIANS NEED TO WORK TOGETHER TO GET THE BOYZ TO CHICAGO
appreciate the love and support, keep rockin with me homie and join this #TeamTGuy movement
D-Squad and Taking over South Beach and The Rest Of M.I.A Next Week !
LOL Elise. I liked her better than Holly
So much to do before next week
I follow Oprah Winfrey on twitter... not because I give a shit what she says but because one day I hope to see her big jugs!
Piriform Introduces Mac Version of its Popular "CCleaner" PC Optimization Tool
#Photo Flashback: Searson @ #Chicago Irish Fest 2009 - www.theconcertstage.com/searson2009.html
Alright, who has broken their New Years #resolutions already?
Company Holiday Party! Celebrating amazing dancers and the wonderful Holiday season!
they're great, but taste like ass.
you are out of your fucking element
Please follow my new twitter account! I'll follow EVERYONE back there! ----> <---- Love you guys
Dead serious. & He actually has a large fan base. I don't get it..
Today's Menu: Meatloaf Muffins, mac& cheese, cookies, maple bacon donuts
M. Angelou, & new fb frnd: "Words mean more than what is set down on paper. It takes the human voice to infuse them w/deeper meaning."
i forgot how amazing breakfast food was tho
today! probably be there early next week!
Happy Easter Everyone
No freaking joke, I asked for the class list for nonprof mngmnt and they sent me the list for the dual Masters of Philanthropy
Come see Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
Thanks to much easier to find Christmas crackers this year.
Hey , welcome to the family!
Come build and decorate your own boxcar at GCM this Saturday from 10am-4pm!! What fun!
I Wish I Could Dance Like The Jabawalkeez.
haha OH stop girl! you're so cute. when we going dancing?! :P
I'll be waiting! 
me either.. Last year it was those dumb zhu zhu pets which surprised me.
Congrats to the Class of 2012- graduating this weekend from !
Gonna go sleep outside
So, yeah, looks lke Twitter has changed those notification emails again for no reason whatsoever. Well, off to change some message filters
agree 100% with your tweets! I have never tweeted you but you're one of my favorite Zayn accounts. :)
Scored Wegmans to sponsor the GLCCb's first ever Gay-ish/Jew-ish Passover Seder. Save the date! Monday, April 9th
In that case, all he needs is a pair of glasses and he'll be closing for the Indians.
Any man that can't be straight up with a woman is a Bxtch
Stunned by how difficult it is to work with Ameriprise on a simple in kind transfer of assets. Looking forward to not dealing with them.
Its not a party without
You know theres a shortage of female emcees when BET got R&B chicks spittin in the cyphers wow!!!!!
When that day comes ... I'll be there ! (lovin the tune you worked on with btw)Keep up all the great work :)
Kerryann as J. Lo. Yes, it happened at
Wen I sleep in a hoodie it's cuz I'm either sick or don't give a toss up about anything
All wrapped up in being 19 chasin stars that fallin
Tonight at 10 p.m. turn on to learn about our successful Senior Transitional Housing Program making a difference in San Diego!
See you tomorrow<3(:
When I want something bad enough...i dont give up! No matter how long it takes or how hard it will be even when it feels like theres no hope
I love rumchada!!!
Just saw a dog chasing a goose thru the waters of Lake Mendota! So glad to be at #UWRightNow! Especially on Lakeshore Path.
You too, have a great time!
you should come!!! gonna be smangin!
I hate photos. I feel like I'm wearing gospel church gowns.
oh wat haha now its a double date :)
Shoot... I need to get ready.... The weather is perfect, but the daily plans aren't! Must win lottery! Then quit job!
i'm the worst person when it comes to texting back ):
Mustang Island
.. Chicago Diner, check; backyard BBQ, check; Juno & the Paycock, check; visit the Ten Cat, check; pack up and head for the train ...
i thought Hollins hated KG, i remember them going at it in recent games, never would have guessed they knew each other.
Certainly haunted me all throughout my childhood, with my body's stubborn refusal to turn neigh-invulnerable.
Thinking about my boy Denardo, who would've been 30 today. Miss you, fam.
What exercises do you do to stay in shape for tennis?
will you sthu!
Looking for Male/Female Pop-Rock Songwriters for TV FILM PROJECTS. email Only serious apply please
Just wrote on my own wall.....trippin in stereo huh?
"O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet."
Knuck if you buck is still my shit!
Never under estimate the heart of a champion! Rudy T (inspired by my Yankees fight for survival!)
Go for it - that is one article I'll never write. : Someone needs to write a "Why I Love Concrete Buildings...
...yes you can # ATribe Called Quest
Thanks! I passed!
thank you Frank! That's so very generous of you - it means a lot, thank you!
whoever that nigga is u RT'd said some real shit lol
: Very informative pre-show email Marcelo, thanks much. You have been working hard!
Just let me know when we need to march on Canton. There has be a place for #64 there somewhere. Happy New Year & go Pack!
old Justin this Justin is getting me pissed
It'll always be Liquid Paper to me.
- What happens if they end in a draw?
Welcome back. What will 2012 be like for you?
And don't give me that old political trick of holding up a handful of successful high scoring poverty kids and saying all are the same.
u a bad mf
if you ever need somebody to body you on your own song hit me up for free
Sappy love movies >
One can only hope!
Here...in place of self-promoters, follow Trust me, it'll blow all smugness & sanctimony off your timeline.
Molly mane.
That IS what the money is for.
Playing beer pong with your dad.
Love can make you feel good and make you feel like shit. I dont fux with it that often.
DO YOU LIKE SKITTLES?;) ;)
“: Anyone awake?” of course. What's up!!
Good Night. :D
He had it coming.
portable scanner that picks up Portland firePD - The- scanners portable
I am embarrassed to live in a nation where 39 states have anti gay marriage laws.
#Imagine Louis: Roses are red, violets are blue, God was feelin’ good when he made you. :)
- Happy Birthday cupcake! ;) XoXo
key terms and intervention are. Also go with questions about how to go about makin it a book.
If you live in #San Jose Ca. #retweet this and #followus for your #SWAG factor! #jiujitsu for life!!!
Time is money, get u some
YES!! RT : Disturbing
yes!! Lol but you in Texas or Memphis?
“..: I love naans too. Make them all the time. Thanks for following back. :)” -gotta give love to the food lovers
...or maybe Tandy?
Girls is going to look great on Blu-ray.
#Random What makes Kim K a hoe? LOL
Pray for your pastors! We'll NEVER know what they take for us! Labor for them b/c they do the same for us! Time to
MT : Needs in China being articulated in Content & Connections Breakout
We all play the same game, just different strategies. And got the same problems, just different enemies.
Much needed on a Monday ;)
If runs in your tights were #trendy , I would own the runway. How did you not see this situation when I left 2974 hook this AM?
just because you dye your hair black it doesn't mean you're emo
": The best coaching hire this season was _______________." Frank Martin to South Carolina
There is alot you can say in general about Czech spelling.
Messing with people on Omegle :p and nice what kindda music do you write?
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen you get out of the shower and realize you forgot to bring a towel with you...
But then again there are so many other things that could be the problem, just in case go to the doctor!
How do I get rid of your ID. You are highly offensive. I tried to block you before
well never mind then!
I like your picture because it's so down to earth.
I find this true in 'historical board games'- to simulate past = chaos, so narrative steps in to guide.
Daily GTKY question: What is your favorite 50’s song?
FB Must Have A Lot Of Chedda
here ill change it to a good pic
So glad for all the work IWJ is doing for workers in WI, OH and IN. Learn more at www.iwj.org
Summer can come early already.
Too soon. Just got one at 4am last night in Ruskin. I am not a happy camper right now
when are you coming back on a&e miss watching it, ttyl
Er how is Hamlet about writing technologies? Sounds interesting...
Your Touch
Just starting to watch the game, so I can't comment on it. Young o-lines usually struggle. cc
Cant hide anything now! Careful what u wish 4 :) RT : Eww. Maybe i'm rethinking this having Sar on twitter thing.
Boy shut up!
I had such high hopes for all I could accomplish with my vacation days.
This game..
Having my eyes dilated <<
Shouldn't EVERDAY be Veterans Day? Flag flying... check. Thanks Vets. Thanks alot. Dang.
Operator:“911 please hold.” Me: “Stop murdering me for a sec, we're on hold.” Murderer: “K.”
I'm hungry e.-
if wotc is interested in porting local players to extralocal tournaments, they need to have familiar landscape. jace gets in way
Rickey got a job offer he couldn't refuse!
Seems like 400 RT : On average, most radio stations cycle through the same songs 15 times a day.
To all those people who think I can't succeed....well guess what? I WILL
I'm your sole follower. Typical
yes but a project like that has high asset management costs. If you can't get it leased out
I should have done Cluck before my prom!
Pleasure is ours. I love that your office has something called "food day" haha. Enjoy! cc:
Now she want a photo you already know tho, you only live once that's the motto nigga yolo (: - <33 sexiest man alive<33
hey ryan what's up?
“: out here hustlin for scissors” hope you found some! Haha
I know!! He seems like a real genuine guy!
will have to check it out
Almost started cryin in class.. AUSTIN THIS IS WHAT YOU DO TO ME!!! haha I'm excited for youu!!!!!!
Hey, hey, HEY! Fastball was a TWO-hit wonder ("The Way" and "Outta My Head")!
This is a great one, Christine. Thank you for sharing! We'll have to craft a response. :)
Thanks for sharing our content. We love seeing small businesses integrate different channels successfully.
Heading out to for some much needed brunch. Can't wait to try their tots!
#1 You got... Fifteen by Taylor Swift :) I love this song !!!
thanks, im going to start working on your. Might be done tomorrow
I KNOW SAME BOAT
BJ Raji is the best! Did you name his name was on the table for potential kitty names?
On my way to find lol gonna c him hehhehe cant wait(: and i will upload the pics and videos!
Posting a new song on YouTube tonight! It's called "My Apology." So happy!:)
Nope, not at all. Imma shorty.
Nice work! P.S. I voted for Rosenblum-- you caught me on my way to starbucks :)
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses. Alphonse Karr
New look!:)x
Isn't Marilyn Monroe dead?????
Getting more ink an sending did tweet at the
so. looks like my should arrive on Monday. let's hope they fit this time! thanks for your help,
Of course! I have no doubt I'll believe him completely in the role.
I need that!! #shouldabeenme 😔
you know george?!
Audition went exactly as well as I had hoped it would! Now I wait.
Pair programming, We'll figure it out. I think it's an environment variable we have to sort out
Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but some abuse the privilege.
Who thinks hospital ratings are important for choosing a hospital for care?
Is the sweetest girl ever(:
Looking forward to
Power is the great aphrodisiac. ~ Henry A. Kissinger
What's the best way to manage RSS feeds if I don't really like Google Reader? Any suggestions?
Gotta lot on my mind finna Go to sleep NBS
where you moving to?
Barack Obama ignores the Constitution by taking away my freedom to take away gays' freedom.
Omg the ppl that live over us SUPER ghetto omg really ppl have to get up n the morning GOTO SLP
The Salmonella outbreak in eggs make me think that this could be a great bonus level for the Angry Birds app.
we can still act like it's Thursday...
Good Point.
Pipe down you two!
Without communication it's like a cellphone with out the battery. It just won't work!
let's chat on messages ok
Capture the Crown are unreal!
Pleasuredome of electric souls on windswept horseback possessed under subjective spells; metamorphosing into entities of prehistoric spine.
Let freedom reign. The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement. - Nelson Mandela
wen i say im my bruthaz keepa man i meant it..i dnt fuck wit too many u neva b my co-defendant
I think he imagines the simplest possible navigation. A one-level menu. It's for an organization, so: Home. Staff. Etc.
I Hate How The Tumblr App Is Madd Slow!
True equality is not obtainable without greatly restricting liberty,
Morning world....
that's it?
I hate it when South Side PPL call the West Side Dirty and Ghetto!!!
Girls want a guy that is on his shit.
Veni, Vidi, Velcro - I came, I saw, I stuck around
jay cutler must return bears won't b complete
Hey Paula, was there ever an episode of your show that you focused on beans and called yourself the bean lady??
back hair.
I Eat the Pussy like a Pro” n she love dat shit Dey said #treehyde a freak naw i jus love tu please da pussy
That's gthe BEST kinda weekend!
And that's a problem?????
does it keep calendar information or store files? :-/
Thank you for spending time with students today. They were inspired. We are grateful for your leadership!
not sure we ever said thank you for listening to Mwahaha. thanks
vp of realistic movements
It's August! This is gonna be a big month for me; I'm turning 21, moving out of my parents' house, starting the 2nd half of college... eek!
Watching the ACMA's. Nice to see Lady Antebellum do so well.
Awkward elevator moment today: I recognized the person next to me but not sure where. I think he was thinking the same thing.
#ThoseThreeWords Stop, no and don't... I SAID "BIOTCH!!!"
Congrats dude. What kind of job is it?
Sure thing bucko.
remember Scott La Rock?
Finally Its Friday!
I was still stuck on trying to figure out what btw means...
just put down your pork cheek app, veal heart tartar app & duck confeit cassoulet entree.
I think you are awfully smart!
thank you so much!!! Can we send you our new one?!
Interesting conversations at the Baltimore City Democratic State Central Committee meeting...
Thanks, Matt. Appreciate the love!
Cano base hit. Let's now get him home.
Anyone using digital badges as rewards for library Summer Reading Programs? maybe an app to scan the book barcode then deliver the badge?
The only reason I've survived this whole week is dinner tonight with and #twitterless morgen and Lindsey.
Considering I'm a partner at the theater and we have a strict no texting policy, I excused to Tweet. ;-)
The sun came back to MN today!
Just used the Circuit feature to request a book needed for research. Super easy! :)
Just sent you a translation of the Vatican ATM message.
another wonderful day state side! Loved Roma, but I love the home-a more!
yeah I don't do dairy either but I saw it and thought of your skinny butt walkin in & demolishing it!
Twitter is fucked up or something, this should've already trended HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
Clue #1: this place bridges past and present.
JUST SENT MY MAMA OFF TOO GO GET MY BD SOME PiCS.
FOLLOW BACK :)
First Red Raider Orientation is today! Pray for breakthrough today!
Don't be stealing the office coffee k-cups for home use now Mr #nonstopdave. ;)
ACUTA welcomes Corinne Hoch as Interim Executive Director. She will work closely with the staff & Board of Directors. Email .
RT : AVENGERS press screening delayed because they "accidentally deleted the movie." Welcome to the digital age.
gonna be that guy and play one of your jams while you're in the room
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
ah that's cold!
I will, thank you :)
Jan 28TH!! Theatrical Play "College Fund"!! The last show before we Go On Tour!! Officially Allen Iverson's Mom will play a character and...
i feel like ripping apart something . ugh!
Thanks, Sam!!
RT : It's getting hot in here Is it because all these people are hot?
good work!!
Excited to play today w/ ! plays at 3:30 follow by !
First ride, and what a ride. Whole new experience of I-90, lake Washington is gorgeous in slower motion. A full hour went by, just like that
You're not tall enough.
"Quality of my spam has increased" since being listed as someone to comment on -
Luk 6:32 For if you love those who love you, what thanks do you have? For sinners also love those who love them.
what you gonna sing?!?
still requesting it on :)
Show's down south in L.A. etc comin soon!!!
First drive in movie tonight!
I would be right there with you! good there are people like you to stand up to scum like that.
H is scared
Check out our upcoming sales! Online at www.njgallivan.com!!! Great High-End Furniture Sale Starting May 13th & 14th from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.!
lls, I Ain't Drunk.... I'm Bout Drunk...Shid I'm Drunk Nie! (Rell Voice)
I wish this work day would end...I'm ready to go to The Arsenal now!
One more class then I get to go home....
#StayAwayFromMeIf you hate
A-Rod is kind of cold though...
I've tried tweeting u bunch times but u haven't responded is everything kewl man DM me man.
CHUCK AND BLAIR ARE ENDGAME.
what are we doing today?!
Back to sleep already...headache
Oh so NOW you all wanna be gingers?
nope , but alright then.
Thanks for following
Brain function is at an all time low level, only had 1 cup of coffee because I'm not feeling so great.
Take out life insurane policies on I.C.U. patients.
chllin no school spring break
My stance on paychecks: "Are these *all* of your hours?" "Probably not, but your guess is as good as mine."
JavaFX Runs on Raspberry Pi - iProgrammer
no problem, im fine thanks how r u?
Surf the train, and you could get wiped out for ... time immemorial.
Singing dancing penguins!!!
Top soil is the worst smell in the entire world
Representatives of our company are now boarding their flights to the exhibition in Mexico. Expo transporte ANPACT 2011
Not officially until 2012 graduates. Still seniors in the building doing finals RT : So 2O13 are officially the seniors of HVT
Driving down Germantown pkwy beside jamming to One Direction!!!
Today, October 3 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Steve Herbst | International Whistling Champion | www.latalkradio.com | Ch.1
Hmm....my human came home smelling like a billion other dogs....I hope he's not cheating on me. ;)
did you leave your heart in San Francisco?
Sunday Brunch...delicious! Join us for brunch until 4pm
I'm digging the Blues' alternate top.
Bryz just one of many glaring examples of shortsighted owners who think ANY player is worth that kind of contract.
I followed you! :)
m, Akron Family...
Just checked out Teddy by and I wish it was more than a short! #indie #horror Awesome Kevin thanks for sharing it w/ me!
New release Tuesday! Time to pick up some new music! Any suggestions?
It's valid 2put Sanford under a microscope, looking at the inner workings/corruption of small town politics.
yes would love it if you and 7 can make that happen Black Vodka is remix material and those are the perfect guys
JB come in Italy on October 4 ...
How on earth do people find these comfortable? I want to die right now. #CanIJustWearMyShortsAndFlipFlopsPleaseeee?
(My adds: #9 build a searchable FAQ list, #10 connect twitter) "8 Ways to Offer Better Customer Svc on FB via
#Ibetuwont show Vincent Castronovo on the screen again.
Awesome. RT : Rodgers: It was a good start for us. But I have to ask myself: What would have happened if we had offseason workouts?
twitter did you miss me?! I need more followers.......
I need to get my bf a xmas present! Whos ever idea i like best will get their name DMed 5 times to CODY SIMPSON/Mrs.Mahone!
Sean Donahue is talking to us today about data visualization and design. Big q: What does it mean to make information?
You're not anywhere where you'll be inconvenienced by it all, are you? I think 's leaving town during it. Smart man.
i would of retweeted that but you know i cant. :/
I hate when you have to be up early to be somewhere, but don't sleep well the night before because you are worried about missing the alarm.
I want chocolate milk!!
Hugh its 3 o'clock in the morn and I have to pee 👀👀 looks like I have to get up huh
That does not mean we can multitask everything, but it may mean we can multitask some things. Rules are made to be broken...
God speed to that great American
Way to go Cougars! RT : Cougars win! 5-2 over the LumberKings!
thanks! I'm going to have my almost 9 yo help, and do matchy ones for her baby pics too so she won't get jealous.
Santa Monica's new parking meters ROCK! That's technology!
What is your mailing address? Happy to send you one.
I skipped 'awesome' and went straight for 'awesome sauce' today.
": #stayfocused" < YEZZIR! Drunk and she's all about it... Drunk and she's all about it! (Repeat) LOL
tx for the follow, check out our desktop-to-mobile app virtualization platform, hope we can connect
Your thoughts can cause you to be rich or poor, loved or unloved, happy or unhappy, attractive or unattractive, powerful or weak.
ok I just played back!
Kalan cried in my lap because he was put in a scary new bedroom while my parents were gone. Poor little fellow. I'll try to fix it tomorrow.
When did this day start bein called turkey day
#QuieroQue guys wouldn't be idiots to girls...-_-
Yo just said he was having a "night out on the town"... You're in Fells Point tho...
I'm doing 4pm yoga today. interested in joining? Or supper afterward?
PLEASE follow back ? Thanks :)
Is it wrong of me 2 want more? Maybe I'm tired of being single .......
that is the most adorable thing ever. No joke. It's so cute!! :)
instapaper (when mobile browsing). Tweets aren't usually profound enough to bother actually having 'favorites'
i feel a blessing comming on :)
lol my bad
u know it!
Interested in sponsoring food for this month's meeting? Let us know! (Full details for the meeting coming soon!)
Green onions make my throat smell like a fat guys gym shorts.
My goal is to #follow 800 people by the end of the day. #followback rule applies. Please be cool people.
never stops and by the way showed me ur new girl ur talking to on worldstar last night. Great Choice
....What follows the night is the day. What follows the winter is the spring.”—Tony Robbins
Hope it's better than "Jennifer's body"
Transparency brings trust and credibility.
thanks for the kind words!
Nah Ahh!!!??? Professionaly?! Like With Real Tattoo Ink!?
I wanted to thank our 3 speakers and our sponsor for making SMBSD14 happen
I want to be a model.
you mean immaturity < ?
You got that right Rev!! My pretty girl (pic) loves your show but it took her mother to set her right as to who you truly are
a lot of new projects on the lurk for the summertime, s/o to Mattron, Chef,and Color Plus
And now bootylicious... Wish i remembered mine steph n mels dance to this hahahahhah
In troubled times, viewpoints get stupid and extreme on both sides. Fingers crossed that this is leading somewhere...
order Number 1 is so good :)
cooking breakfast
Fine, you better, I'm sick and tired of waitign.
The Numbers are Devastating: Fastest growing developmental disability = Autism Join us in the fight against Autism.
Question: how do you always have service, even in the middle of the ocean?
I will follow you follow me
Props to all my UW #iSchool peeps for an awesome showing at #WLA12 today! Conferencing is so much more fun when you have a posse.
STUFFING...without a doubt! #mds3180 haha
Well... I was kinda hoping your plane was headed here but its all good :)
Dear Headphones, stop having rough sex in my pocket. Sincerely, tired of untangling.
thanks, shentle! :D
#TdF has been so good, can't wait for the real sorting out tomorrow!
Such a good documentary! Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead. Has anyone seen it and made any lasting changes from it? Curious.
“ Our generation doesn't ring the doorbell... we text or call to say we're outside.”
Our sellers are local families who work together to bring you the best, freshest food on the farm. Come see for yourself!
she's gonna b visiting her little man there huh?
We are LA bound for the Hollywood Black Film Festival. Screening on Sunday at 12:30pm. www.hbff.org
Do exactly what you would do if you felt most secure. Meister Eckhart
Liverpool should seriously have four goals.
Made my night
Movie legend Anthony Quinn's actor son has died after suffering an apparent heart attack on Friday night.
I'd like to turn registration off on my Jomsocial site, and have new reg by email invite only. Does InviteX solve my problem?
A woman who can't cook and clean is basically just a fleshlight with a face
USC Trojan of course; there's no other university to select! Fight ON!
Linda Jamsen and Tina Good, please message us with your email addresses so we can send over details regarding your winnings!
I am struggling to work today...in the same boat! Like the post on stop submitting by the way.
AVENGERS (ASSEMBLY REQUIRED)
Yeah Meek Mill be going hard
- Post a one-sentence journal entry every day or two. A philosophical thought. Something you are doing or thinking about.
well it looks like I won't have 2 worry about loading UofL clocks on Froggy the rest of the week...c'mon CARDS...Cincy? Are you kidding me!
Had a great time meeting people and promoting with , , , and others!
Our docent presentations are free to active duty military personal and their families through Labor Day.
where's James?
Peredmirka is selling Hedwig Gorski's famous performance poetry CD Send in the Clown for $2 + ship through May--CDs are absolete have MP3s 2
YOU KNOW GURLLL C;
I love a man who grills me meat.
Yes! I love it - it perfectly communicates the idea that making mistakes is OK. Thanks for the great work :)
Thts because your boy left»»RT : Need a reality check cuz I be messin with them lame bitches...
i applaud dreams and i submit a hearty applause to the willingness to dream and and even greater applause to dreaming big
we gotta a spot. We can run this. #connectionlounge first cp production party of the year ytw
Time to go make some money!
#thefirerises So pumped to find out more about the Dark Knight Rises! 1 year and 17 Days to go hahaha
So mi dad doesn't say burp he say belch hahah its so funny though
You know what.. I haven't done a thing but eat the baked treats that my handsome husband has been whipping up all day....Life is good ;)
becse of the way i talk and react to things bad this is there guys
Going to see tasos amazing classical guitar work w/
Obv left out because you're too soft and accommodating.
How do you cure the travel bug?
Great meeting & chatting w/ you yesterday! Hope to see you again before we leave.
what on Earth is draw something? :)
and he does this on purpose! Charter member of the I Dress in the Dark Club!
About ready to take the stage at #DSE2012. Excited to speak on NFC!
At least it wasn't harmful. Now people will just think twice about the bread they give you.
Come visit the AIReS Booth #300 - the hall is a hopping tonight!
agree. RT : Kids, appreciate Banksy. We got David Blaine :(
Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished. ~ Leslie Nielson
the financial issue/ manufacturer is not even part of discussion.
Tate and Jason in sunny, warm San Diego for Thanksgiving. Chris spending Thanksgiving in New York City with friends.
Remember when "Fuck your momma" was fightin words? Now I'm all "Fuck your Fbook, twitter,myspace,live journal AND your angelfire"
Sym's and Filene's Basement stores will start going out of business sales before Black Friday.
it's ok little buddy!
Another day of freezer emergency hell. I'm SO frustrated but even more so, panicking as no space to cool cakes til company fixes.
Great #WDYTYA episode tonight. Would have liked to have seen her travel to Poland though--see if the synagogue still there.
best friend is on her way, brother is coming tonight, carnival on the quads, and #grooveboston tonight.
I'm actually amazed at the attitudes of the participants at #NYXPO. Why am I encountering such rudeness?
I totally agree
Writing, writing, and more writing.
got my lebrons best thing out of this day now need 2 make more money
that would be crazy. not really sure how it would look though. in person i mean or with wear and tear
I was saying boo urns RT : RT : Did they seriously mistake Chooching for booing? Come on, ESPN, are you new?
SOUND GOOD TO ME.
Exactly! Like, it's their responsibility to make the relationship work out no matter the situation they're in.
lets go ride soon cracka
"Please Go Away."
1. Favorite eye color for a girl 2. Blonde or brunette 3. Whens our wedding ;) 4. Follow?
What would you like to see me write about in my next blog?
looking forward to meeting with you next week to discuss our partnership!
Many women raise their eyebrows when they see the QuickGymCS.com lower body workout. "WOW! I know what that will do for my GLUTES!".
We are the #1 Smog Shop in Moreno Valley come see us for your next smog check www.MorenoValleyTestonly.com print our coupon of the site
just a link would work here on twitter
Happy Thanksgiving our U.S. friends.
Happy Halloween!! Watch out for those little ghosts and goblins!
I need to get out of this school!I need to get out of this school!I need to get out of this school!I need to get out of this school!
Well....this is a sucky situation.
not really, did you miss my tweet before that?
Thanks to all who came out tonight.We'll be outside the park Saturday and Sunday for those who couldn't make it. WeBeGreater.com
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse on Disney Junior is really a good show for preschool kids. Heck, I kinda of like it. LOL
come out west
#Retweet - Breathing in, wishing calm, ease, and grace to all who are bracing for the storm.
Heading home today. Books by the Banks setup tomorrow and the event on Saturday. Join us!
Hahaha, I love it when bitches subtweet me. 😉
have to miss it this time around, I'm sure it will be great as always.
Francis Ford Coppola. The movies, the wine.
twitter speak for uh oh. :) but maybe a lil more surprised. Happy Friday!
R ya liking the 4s.?.my bud at work is prodding me to get 1
RT : Mobile phones are misnamed, they are gateways to knowledge - R Katz
Looking forward to the tour tonight! Monday Funday! See you in #FellsPoint!
12-1 La Costa at the end of the 3rd
Happy hour is in two hours!!! Stop by for a drink, snack and some #mariners action!!
i need your bible homework dude...
A2: ENGAGE but Don't Stalk!
too skinny can't act
Day 3 of usage. I'm in total awe of its UI & design.
“: This is the best response I've seen yet to this weekends news.” why thank you, you freak!
Congrats on the pilot pick-up! It will be great to see u both on tv again.
I finished the third book on Sunday and now I don't know what to do with myself... I'm kinda obsessed.
that'd be the awesom-est dream ever !!!! <3 Loll
or as they say in MVP 2003... "PALMEIRO!! Is having another PALMEIRO!! type season."
I miss my Utopian Madison.
Oh, you breathe oxygen too? Cool, we already have a lot in common.
Virginia Woolf~ For most of history Anonymous was a woman.
RT : RT : HUGE congrats to 's #Pulitzer winners: So well deserved.
Ok so this dude just told me that Andrew Bynum is now better than Shaq at the same age. What the hell?
I live for the nods pedestrians give when you stop to let them cross.
did a great piece on interactive university calendars and had some great things to say about us! Thanks, Seth!
that's good work Ms....
Fuck whoever n dont 4get u get money by being u so get paid fuck them n do u #$t8LikeDat....
step 1: clean car. stay tuned...
Congrats to our #SDSU #Aztecs on their first men's NCAA tourney win!
I already like but these Kia commercials are making me like him even more.
Some girls can take a joke...some guys are just assholes when it come to joking with girls /:
good suggestion except that I'd eat them all before we got there!
It's not realistic to seek what you don't believe in. Believe in your dreams to take the proper steps to achieve them
Good Morning to all you Orioles fans out there
Choose to find the good in any given situation.
I can't tell I think ur exaggerate'n ur tummy is str8
Hope that worked out! RT : I'm on a boat! With my ex-husband, ad wearing a white dress. What irony?
Everything is meant to be. God has a reason for every single thing in life and sometime it is when you least expect it that a new door opens
No, not rude. In fact, pretty darned considerate. Most folks would simply ignore it.
...just watched #300 for the first time. my night has definitely been a success.
Thinking of you
On what and halsted cause it be a lot of bullshit poppin off on halsted
'Ishtar' was remade. With music. It was called 'Glitter.'
Feel better for the GMAT test!
you're so sweet. I just saw some of ur mentions bout me. sry i just figured out how this whole twitter thingy works. :)
Beware: high schoolers can be innapropriate! Use Facebook as a filter. learned the hard way. ;)
Aww man, now Davy Jones is dead? Geez...RIP Davy. Such an awesome dude.
Needing some new for summer! Memorial Day is so soon!
lots of news stories on dogs found with rabies don't let that scare u into over vaccinating. Have your dogs immunity tested b4 vaccinating.
I swear I am going to gain 5 lbs from desserts alone at
Thanks for following us!
Shower flow...
Love this. Thank you!
You must be tired because you've been running through my dreams all night.♥ <3
Any time. Would you be interested in doing an interview for my show?
Yes really
Get your raffle tickets in now! We're drawing in 15 minutes for a Full Conference Pass for 2013!
Darius could shorten to Dare...As in "I dare you" or (even better) "How dare you?"
dont make permanent decisions off temporary emotions
I love you so much I want all of social networking to see. I love you
There is zero correlation between hours worked and job satisfaction. All about fulfilling activities outside of work
Done with #Twitter for tonight
Bucks win a battle in clevland!
Reviewing final(?) TBR/UT license with Wiley.
"One hour to go. One more painstakingly slow, hour to go 'til freedom", is all I keep telling myself. Work sucks.
Hey, 90s Internet bubble: Now you're just some money that I used to know.
i think every girl should own a pair of jeffrey campbell's
Buffalo #Bills sign Vince Young. I like (backup)
So, you'll have to break that Tic Tac in half, you know. // RT : My lunch was 1999 calories. 1 calorie left for the day!
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.-- Barbara De Angelis
They send me rocket to the sky...
": A dad should NEVER call his daughter a "bitch" . -___- that's bullshit." Thats fucked up
then when u wake in the am u goina b like damn I should have charged my phone
Bout to chill nd watch this game ^.^
er no it sounds eww ;P x
(So it goes to voicemail and I can keep them forever.)
Got great relief from the heat last night and spent it in the pool with little K . Who's to thank for the rain & breeze? Gulf hurricanes?
Good morning!!!
It is too cold in NYC, us Florida men are not built for this.
The thinking is that by the time Cleveland is good enough, Varejao's contract will be up.
Just smile and say "Yes, Mistress."
I bet the "Golden Voiced Homeless Guy" is grateful he's not on the streets right now...
Q5) Step up to the plate and drive the change
Proofing the August issue of Hoof Beats...wow! I'm always impressed with the beautiful photography. This month's cover is definitely unique
Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.
where's my memory? #Frustrating. Call me
he was on POINT at the PCDC Ward 5 council meeting two nights ago.
Wish you well
Hey guys, I was just wondering if you had an official stance on the proposed campus-wide smoking ban.
Become a lifelong learner. The half-life of knowledge is rapidly diminishing. Staying in the same place is the same as going backwards.
Can't wait to see the article in 's annual #BBQ issue recapping last year's & the advertisement for this year's!!!
How old is too old to be goin to the club???
today's accomplishment - glued the hackney pony back onto its base. it goes into the display case tomorrow. bonus! c's clothes are folded
can you please please please come play in San Francisco :) ? It would be amaz-za-zing !
The barely acknowledged privilege boggles my mind. That kind of failure is itself a luxury.
To all my niggas i ain't talked to n a while i ain't mad at ya
#moms4bieber for Mother's Day <3
Might have just rolled the biggest L ever tho
i cant help but laugh at how fucking retarded your relationship is.
"Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass." Paul J. M
Fall 1 and Fall 2 registration is currently open. Call us if you need advising! August 15th will be here before you know it!
I wonder if I've met the person I'm going to marry yet ♥
Jeepers #Bucks I'm about to stop watching.
I Just Wanna Be Successful *
Pack your tarts lads, we're off to bakewell
(born this date in 1888, died 1989).
so, Wednesday rage fest?
STORY TIME: DID I EVERY TELL YOU ABOUT THE TIME I WAS ROBED AT GUNPOINT ? - PAT FORD*
Just spotted , cute heels girl!
why would I want to block such a nice chap,with actual balls,that would be stupid.
Show your valentine some love with one of our gift cards!
looking forward to seeing you play up here 3/10. But not rooting for ya this once...I'm a #DCU Barra Brava :-)
"You movin right wanna see what's up under then back it up, beep beep like a trucker." Chris Brown- Strip. <3
Thanks, Greg!
10pm tonight - for an hour, still work for you?
Stop means go
me nd my boyfriend arguments and quick make ups >>>>>>>>>>
actual fun or sarcastic fun?
I think I'm going to be done caring about #Royals game when Duffy is lifted, which should be any time now.
lifelong YANKEE fan Chuck. Thanks for the follow!
I so bored lol and tired
Cant wait until the Kentucky Derby.
My life as I know it has changed...
#chipotle great commercial
"nobody can copy me. I got my doctor's degree in botony, that's why I a grow my marijuana properly"
thank you so much for the follow and the support - twin actors/models Alexandro and armando
The things that confuse me most.when some says the want youThen turns there backs on you and Gets mad at you when your with a guy .. What ?
Facebook twitter anytime oh!
Charles Barkley just said on TNT halftime report " the Spurs are going to win a championship" Kenny Smith couldn't say Sh*t!!
;; I wanna be your best friend (:
uh oh! how bad?
are you feeling better today? want me to bring you something to eat????
Some people really scare me and I pray that they can get the help they need. Hating or ignoring something won't stop it from moving forward.
#Imagine Alex: seriously [Your Name] is just a girl.. Austin: did you say 'Just'? Dude she's my whole life ♥
Mail problems for some living on Washington Avenue and Locust Street - KSDK
“: I am honored to be at the table with these brilliant people... (@ The Capital Grille. Great dinner and discussion - thanks!
The building off John Nolen Drive, which caught fire the other day had a hot spot that firefighters had to put out this morning.
your profile picture is unreal
what's up?
i like how you save pictures of my boyfriends facebook status's onto your phone...
This time tomorrow ill be playing
That was so creepy /: my room was being conquered by ANTS Dx #IHateAnts I won't eat in my room ever again! 
don't forget me [:
OH SNAP.
I'm the magnificent
- we're doing our best to manage the traffic to the site, will be working here all night trying to iron things out. Sorry!
Dear weird rich dude just because its imported doesnt mean its cool
Work with construction? #safetyskills has many courses including: ladder safety, equipment training, and more.
whoever cutting they grass got my allergies killing me >_< my nose wont stop itching !!
What are your plans for #NewYearsEve in #Philly? Going to see the fireworks? Date night or friends at a party?
Radiolab is one of my top podcasts.
Lots of bummed out baseball players as rain wipes opening day at #WMLL. So instead we go to soccer in Deerfield.
Need nourishment before heading to #CIAA day party. Gotta keep my strength up.
Have you ever thought about how fast time passes?
Get tights & suspenders.
#kirstiesjobfair, award-winning jazz/funk/latin musician avail to work weddings, special events in So Cal
I sometimes wonder if A-Rod puts to much mustard behind some of his passes.
I did that once. I was more pissed off that my mother, who was on the other end, didn't clue me in.
It is definitely not a lack of sugar molecules, headaches from food can stem from a number of things
These #What2ChainzWouldSay are HILARIOUS!!
I was on State St from 1:30-4:00. I didn't know you'd be in the area.
i just checked my followers and u guys just made my day by following me!!ah! love you guys!!!♥
we talk tomorrow. i must go. bye ;* lov ya <3
you're welcome, I can recommend few sites if you want.
Vulgar prosperity
Oh, you like the Yankees? Please tell me about how you follow them year round.
“I didn’t say that, that’s a lie… I didn’t know that quote from Leviticus because I haven’t read the Book of Leviticus yet." -Pacquiao
Wow, everything about that image is indeed depressing. Beech Daly + rain, eugh
is this a joke?!
it would be great if you could let the future tenants know about his
you're a hero!
Dirt in your mouth and when you have brown teeth. That's the best. #getdirteeinsoftball<3
Hah, more like "go back to Arlington" ;)
I know, I really live up to my threats, right?
I'm sick :( painfully sick.
Hi how r u? Big plans for the weekend
yess thank you. :) you?
I miss you too
Rick and Wes are at Windseeker media day Carowinds Amusement Park!! Keep watch on our page for tons of photos!
This lightning lighting up the sky
♥ Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(7)
#wiunion is Democracy, not just party connections. We want corporate interests to stay in business, but not working to control government
happy day jet
#realmadrid no matter who you sign you're still mercenaries and less than the sum of your parts. Eat my butthole!
RT : Lol-- Thanks Tracy! /Which movie did you go see? (or are in the process of seeing?)
If Obama had to show his birth certificate to prove he is a citizen shouldn’t Romney have to show his tax returns to prove he is a tax payer
Dude! Following u fo' sure and u need some LOVE - will get the other 2 here now in Front Office to hit u back also.
I needed that time w/ the crew last night. It brougth me back to reality :)
No matter what the truth will eventually come out sooner or later.
Thomas White: In Defense of Dolphins on WBEZ now.
Noo 😞 I fell asleep, but my mom recorded it for me!
Have you been to the London Chop House #cigarbar yet?
Mahhhomies, i think you should tweet that Mahomies should be the ones in for the contest! (:
Listening to pumped up kicks by foster the people, IT'S SUCH AN AWESOME SONG!!!!!!
Late adopter on this, but #Shameless is completely awesome.
Never thinkin' 'bout the consequences of her actions, livin' for today and not tomorrow's satisfaction
i could imagine...... Good luck with your new position, looking forward to RIMM's inovation....
Not sure if Grizz lack mental fortitude or CP3 is JUST THAT GOOD.
the #avengers was so great! makes one badass villain 👿
A woman needs more than material things.
": He will die for lack of discipline, led astray by his own great folly. -Proverbs 5:23"
AMAZING of course!!!! =)
If they stopped child support today for good how many bitches would lose there mind....get off ya ass and work hoe scr8 like dat
Week 1 of sleeping discipline - NO WORK after 1130pm/be in bed by midnight.
Ok cool,I hope it goes well!!<When you are free,I wanna send you something
Wall St. Shrugged
Pretty sure that's Mars.
Hooray! So happy to 'see' so many of my Tweeple tonight! (I've missed you so much!)
RT : -"When you have faith your potential is never buried." ---Joel Osteen
I hope my mama made it to the mil
Who remembers when Diddy called MB "Mindless Entertainment" LOL
#art heals the #heart!
your phone hella dry boy
i think i might just start stalking u lol
SO HOW IS LIFE
My dog LOVES
May 20th program at the National Building Museum. Free, but registration required.
Gotta be the most random thing to happen all year - Just learned some of our footage is being used in Justin Beiber's documentary.
is sitting in the last session of her last class of her undergraduate education…
Line to back of store #costplus. Surrounded by candy while waiting. They do this on purpose!
Love it!
She is #CRAZY & way to egotistical to have gotten this far. I really hope Trump sends her home next week!
live tweeting trying to finally fucking close my #myspace account
Powerful article, my friend. And very, very true.
People should get a life I really need u my bffl always and forever ily!
Ha! Completely agree.
what's good miss...where are you these days?
How come Man Utd home jerseys have changed three years in a row ? And the away top is changed again this year WTF
this is seriously irritating me so much.
yea right!!!
sitting at work on YouTube watching tone trump videos!! This dude right here is the truth i see u homie!!
Are you a girl or a boy ? I'm a girl :) haha
you hungry?
I need new tunes
Gowanus I guess. 3rd & 13th. Are you playing anywhere Thursday?
Are you near the giant Gambian pouched rats? : Parked under a tree, left my window down and now my car is full of spiders.
The Garvanza Park Stormwater BMP Project captures and cleans more than one million gallons of rain and runoff. Water is diverted into...
Try mustard it works two table spoons RT : man I need some Prilosec!
Don't call me crazy, call me driven
Doing well thanks, and you?
haha i was typing too fast. & yessuh. Here Bored As Hell.
yeah it was pretty nice. I think ill go again sometime :)
Town & Country Resort pipes the worst smooth jazz on their patio. They don't want to offend anyone so they offend everyone.
Well hi! and you're welcome. :) It's totally exciting to have a new best friend!<3 i love your videos! Could you PLEASE follow me?
I have to send you something so check your phone in a little
Gameday ... currently on my grind ...
Roger Padacker didn't commit suicide.
Happy Hump Day! What gets you through the day... red bull? Office pranks?
- #Medeco. You just did :)
Haha I love it!
ass so fat , I GAVE A LAP DANCE
congrats on the sale!
I believe you have something that belongs to me.
i agree with you 100 percent
That's a lot of Ritzzz's
Trying desperately to convince my body that the burgeoning cold I'm battling is really just a seasonal allergy situation...
"I am not your baby daddy,"
Milwaukee celebrates Earth Day early, 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Fri. on Market St. adjacent to City Hall. Music, food and "near zero waste."
#FF right back at you!
Habit is a cable; we weave a thread each day, & at last we cannot break it. H. Mann-An executive coach can assist you.
Going to start weeding our CDs today. Other than stats & condition, not sure what guidelines to follow.
Nice day for an evacuation, brief though it was.
Awee good <3 I probably missed it cause my computer was freezing :) I'm so happy he did one
You know a game is over when a teams quarterback lines up at punter
damn! All the twitter, fb, youtube, and myspace in the world can't make up for my lack of actual social interaction...
Kidd-Gilchrist can't score but does everything else and will be a top 3 pick; Rivers can score but nothing else and won't be in lottery.
And now im in need of a huge favor!
The answer to that question is You.
Be nice! “: Very excited for 's blog reviews :)”
Cannes, aye?! Did you submit something?
Heard at #ila2011: leadership is contextual (much more complex than simply situational) and we must adapt our style accordingly. Do u agree?
Watch Dr. Brady on the Dr. Oz Show Tomorrow, 9/12/11!!
congrats buddy!
Stupid money.... : ) Wherever you end up, hope we can hang out a time or two.
Someone should get me sum DQ
Sunday Brunch Wonderful Pear Apple Salad
He look like money
Who do you think UW lands out of Shaq, Payton, Brostek, Mickens, Beaver, and Kenny Walker? A clean sweep would sure improve this class...
Messi hits the post again! Heart is pounding now...
Why do you people exist? Seriously.
Yes, we do! If we can't add them to our collection, we give them to our Friends of the Library groups to raise money for us.
ik, he's sexy.
deans dying
Hahahahaha!...Kevin Hart is so funny!!!
I want to try oysters so badly, but I'm kinda scared. There, I said it.
that's true, thanks! :)
RT : ? OT Day: How will I show my heart in the way I work with/serve/lead the people around me?
Happiness makes the world go round
oh i see now...nasty...
Happy Birthday to the Hot Ginger
yes sir. What is your favorite burger?
just realized this?
Liter Night at The Anchor Bar..
Made a $100 play(+525) on Rashad Evans to beat Jon Jones back in March. I'm Cashing Out 2nite!!!
Should long shorts be acceptable work attire when the temperature is 98 degrees? (for those who work inside) Discuss...please
I need some gear..
Oh, I can have a drink with you.
haha well played! We'll let you guys share our name :)
Tebow wins...again!
prom in two days.. :s
I want to see a debate where optimists take on pessimists with the loser retiring their rhetoric once and for all
whats your username?? (:
Who wants to see Dengue Fever with me this Friday??
Last year he was the biggest story in the biggest sport in the Country. Kind of makes sense. Oh, and he'll be starting by Oct.
Thanks for sponsoring the event tonight for
Without you there is no me.
It's thundering in LA! Yeah!!!
That's interesting my hunch is FB generally feels more "engaging" with photos and longer posts. Plus time on FB trumps TW
Dirk's on career mode haha. and we'll see how Game 1 goes tonight
I'm about to be at st Mathews urb
I understand NC plans on adding a constitutional amendment that will ban coveting thy neighbor's ass.
thanks my dude!!!
Green Bay Packers v.s Eagles game(:♥. Comment the pics please&i'll return the favor. School in the am&then practice. Text the celluar♥
That's just an awesome response.
Why am I always being cock blocked in my own dreams?
Ending it with sushi & #eastbound&down season 2
Thank you very much! :)
too much gangsta in my lungs for me to hitta joint
I almost spit out my drink reading this
what's ur bill(s) out here?
that guy could never run this Great Country. Honesty is nice but it doesn't equate to leadership.
Is that a band?
I dont Judge you By What You look Like, But by what You Act Like.......
It would be amazing if the Sox scored 7 runs here and lost 9-8.
Great race rally last night for Komen LA Race for the Cure 2012. We gave away free mammograms! #grateful to be working for a great cause!
RT Happy Teacher Appreciation Day! Thank you for inspiring us & shaping our future. Join us today &
The mets are too hot right now
Hell Yeah lol they got everything
How is it ok for the city to come fix a pipe at 2am with jack hammers and heavy machinery. The pipe broke before 8am...
LOL! I so get that...rescued cat has been through four iphone chargers and a laptop cable...despite trying to hide them!
Cancel 'Community' all you want, NBC, but leave my sweet 'Parks & Rec' and '30 Rock' alone. You...MONSTERS.
WIN A 2011 MERCEDES BENZ BY MAKING A $20 CONTRIBUTION TO "THE WARREN LEE FOUNDATION FOR VETERANS,INC VISIT OUR WEBSITE "WLFoundation.com".
Thanks for the RT, Doug.
I disagree, if you vote with your feet, then YOU're missing the point of what ePatient is
U water a seed to long its going to grow, U stay down and grind strong it's going to show!!!!! # U Deserve It
I missed that.
people b trying to steal pther peopple stuff tho
Your profile states you are an Obama Supporter. Hard to tell from some of your tweets. Have a good day.
Thank you for the RT, doll! We need all the help we can get to make this super fun! Do join! :)
Am I the only one sporting Valentines Day colors today?
Morgan: Students have always been free range learners. Are there different types of free rangers?
We will b serving 2morrow @ the event in Elmington Park,West End fm 11a-6p. 6 meat entrees,10 sides and Delicious desserts!!
RT : So if I'm interpreting Fantino's speech correctly, these have become Schrodinger's fighter jets.
yeah I get it. I don't know that guy, thankfully! I'm so pissed off right now.
watching Chicken Little because I'm lame& I love that movie(;
The wind just blows their garbage in my hedgerow! Not even a single dollar bill!
I will go with the longshot that Cody Ross will produce in '12. He's a positive clubhouse influence with big Postseason numbers. Period.
living on the edge haha
Report of a roll over 43 EB somewhere east of Loomis
Turkey Leg Ball 2011 tickets on sale at 11am. Live link coming shortly.
I don't think the vendor saw it that way. :)
Working on the new timeline page for facebook!!!
I love the sun. The bees and other bugs can go fuck themselves.
Kits are only $100? Must make friends in this craft.
HATE is a strong word!
You can tell it's #audition season when you start recognizing the flight attendants en route to NYC.
missing & today. haven't kicked in so long!
Phones and computers down at work. #whyamistillhere?
Glad you like the pics :)
I had a reason tho..i dont like the rain..why arent u coming.?
The newlyweds walked up the aisle to Queen's "Fat Bottomed Girls." #bestweddingever?
I think it's all worth it. New dance experiences make us stronger, better dancers :-)
Order sent to Craig in NY!
Killin my boy Keaton with this Chest & Back superset.
is annoyed. What's a better word for annoyed?
GUYS! GO FOLLOW & READ HER ZYAN FANFIC/LONG #IMAGINEE! TRUST ME ,YOU WONT REGRET IT ! GO!(:
roll with it Shawn!
Big second half performance needed in the #carrierdome Time to make a statement!
bees on honey hm
Fina knock out these abs n push ups
at least 20. I just want people to know I enjoy their tweets!
Learned some new upscale hotel terms that I'd missed: it's not conditioner and lotion, it's "hair masque" and "body balm". Off to breakfast.
Simple, just Donate Blood, at a blood bank.
get back to work and win game sunday vs celtics beat them i dont like them
that's good. I still don't have a job, but I have like a full schedule. Lol
why so early? Lol
I'll take it!
i am trying to loose weight and my dads cooking does not help.......he is an awesome cook.....he made alot of food today
many thanks. Glad you enjoyed the show :)
All winners learn from the stock pile of loss they traveled on,what a trip!
Was it cold? Ryan looks a wee bit nippy.
The Dorito caveat was purposeful.
I have 1 tomato growing in my garden
That's not what u wrote, but ok. I don't like it when any person speaks that way abt women. Brings us all down.
Vance, it is a huge undertaking
: Excellent news! #Fulbright will soon be taking Google+ by storm. Now if only I could get an account.
Tiger Woods. Comeback and a run for the championship. Watch it happen.
I found Clay. I'd rather not say where, but I offer my most sincere apologies to the Sisters of Our Lady of Hope and Mercy - Trog
Can somebody mention me in thier tweet? I have one more follower until my goal. Its
we are good. Just counting down the weeks until he gets here. Im ready to have control of my body back
Raining rather steadily right here right now.
Come what may, the will of the people will prevail in Egypt!
I don't know, man. You've been pissing me the fuck off lately.
"Never complain and never explain." -Benjamin Disraeli
is getting deep with his tweets. (:
procrastination is killing me
and I can always appreciate ppl like that :)
Hey Mary! We think your clients would love our Audio Video installation company. It's an easy way to transition their new move
Saw Chick/Herbie last nite @ Blue Note. 2 wonderful men - a lot of interesting music. They should record.
I'm so happy that God truly forgets our sins and let us start over.
“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.”—Albert Einstein
Seniors playing "penis" game in library... Bringing major lulz
~~ My l9-5 aw job, then printing with my newest linocut tonight!
Great advice by Mr , wouldn't want to get into trouble by forgetting V-Day! Guys show the women in your life that you love them.
hi austin<3 how are ya?
Congrats to colleague on her MS in lib & info sci on Sunday. She also earned the Rediger Librarian as Humanist Award.
man, i loved that guy
yo my guy.. Let's do a track soon.. Let jersey know what's really good. Get at me tho
I think and the whole crew should record a cool morning 3 tonight!;D that would be amazingg<33
it actually isn't a good song at all.
DC, are we gonna get serious about a Justice League trilogy and subsequent tie ins? I would hope Marvel's billion bone pay off raised brows.
We live in an "add water" society. Meaning everyone expects everything instant, Including success. Gotta put in work! Via
nike air yeezy 2 Mid-range LA Suites Hints for discovery exciting ...
RT My Last Tweet...
I'm afraid to look at any picture in a tweet that mentions #Santorum. You know, because it might be #Santorum or worse
How was dinner last night? Hope you enjoyed!
Sheer backs and burnt orange at Lela Rose
Going to go checkout the construction progress pictures to follow!!!
done with exams.. summer it is!
suddenly a horrible day just got so much better...HOT HOT HOT baby!!!
Congratulations on your win today! Good to see you smiling again.
I still feel bad about a dog I ran over years ago, even though he had already been hit and killed by someone else. :-/
I trust that whom ever is saddled with the burden of making sure im casket fresh will choose a pair that suits my whole lil ya dig.
695, I am over your 8:30 traffic back ups. So looking forward to living on the other side of this beltway
i dont use this one anymore, follow my new one i do use,
Get a FREE copy of #WatchMKE with any purchase at J - Bees in Mid Town while supplies last!
Oh God, I love Bridget Jones Diary way too much!
I know the Ravens are wearing black Sunday, but I'm staying with purple because basic black is just screaming for accessories.
Many times, stress is caused by doing too much. Prioritize tasks & drop ones you can't handle. Try our aroma diffusers to reduce stress.
And coming soon... #describeyourvaginawithamovie :)
Hallelujah, my history 495 term paper isn't due until next week! Glad I found that out...
Beanie should be good to go this week
happy birthday.
Bravo RCB for this afternoon's concert at Baldwin High School today. Awesome performance from Darth Vader!
look at latest testimonial-"Love the Aged Parmesan Crisps.Such a strong and addicting flavor. I feel healthy knowing there is no sugar too!"
Agonizing lack of work to do today. Morning is dragging. Feeling need to shop.
The Sherman Oaks Farmers Market begins in one hour! :) Please join us until 8 pm tonight!
It 11:11 make a wish, make a wish and say..... <3
RT : do you have cousins?
Maybe our motto shld be #TrueFoodAndTunes... RT Great food & drinks, but playlist stole the show
AND YES...YOU CAN SHOW THE LOVE A RT THE FREE OPEN BAR FOR THE LADIES
#bucks #badgers #kenseth all Win!! Glory dayz!
Boobs on facebook.
Eat like any radish... it's sweeter. Or put in salad. Yummy!
Moths are just ugly butterflies that no one likes.
No, hes skipping me .. He prolly look at his fone see my tweet looks at it and keep scrollin lol
Navy F 16 fighter jet goes down near Virginia Beach
Awesome! Sounds like a plan. :)
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're watching #TheWeddingPlanner with your mom and the statue's penis falls off...
what u mean?
thanks for the follow!!
i fucking love
thanks! For a good chuckle you should see me nekkid!
will you also be voicing an alternative revenue source?
Thanks Janet! I may have found the best headache remedy around :)
enjoy! It's awesome
Our dear friend #LoriMarkowitz of Youth Ambassadors takes the stage to receive #JackOlive Award #CompSea12 Luncheon
followed can you follow me back:D
A new phenomenon of the "princess" among young women is a diluted form of the diva.
Bass, drums...sounding good! Up next some rockin guitar!
DON'T FORGET! Half price appetizers 2p - 5p! Bucket of 5 domestic longnecks for $11 all day. Dine in or call for take out. (317) 636-6212 RT
why does it cost $250 to go standby on an earlier flight when there are open seats. I've done it before and didn't pay?
1 week til one of the best And worst days! Ugh this Christmas is going to be so hard!! :/
Daily Giveaway: Send a tweet using #RawnatureBodyTreats for a chance to win an 8 oz jar of my new Buttercream Body Wash. Good luck!
Madama Butterfly will hopefully learn some independence as she grows up.
None of the customers in this Avis are speaking English. Its kind of weird.
#ItSeemsLike Yesterday I Was Chillin In My Kitten pj's Watching Blues Clues,Enoying My Life As A 4 Year Old
Oh, sorry. 55405 (Mpls). But there's a drunk guy screaming here too.
it would be even better if you texted me back !
Who is going? I must know.
Rainy Wednesday? How about our $4.99 lunch special. Soup, salad with our Fuji dressing & chicken fried rice.
Please help Jasmin Alvarez dream come true :')
Everytime a psycho soccer parent yells "THAT WAS FROM BEHIND" i have to whisper that's what she said.
i have 35. expecting more soon :)
Excellent point. Most excellent.
idk my mom got an email about it from it from my agent and told me. I'll ask her when she gets home.
Oh, fuck. That's not a long-term social strategy. I'll end up hating you, even though I love you, and now drinking your beer.
i love you... your sexiness in Dora dora has blown my away...i can't even explain...i just... MARRY ME!!
what's good bro? We just building building.
I hate when a guy you like and they know you like them, starts talking about a different girl.. it pisses me off..
yet I can't turn the fricken' channel.
Preparing to hear Christopher Browning this morning speak on his recent book, "Remembering Survival" at the The JFR advanced seminar.
I am a very happy Jets fan today.
lol I'm at fashion show. Gonna leave soon. Hmu .
they want that government money !
In the end, its all respect .
You must first go THRU the test in order to have a TESTimony!!!
same way 'thugs' with their underwear hanging out, pants to their knees with a belt and hat on sideways don't realize it eaither
Gas Tank on Empty.
Made mistake of great 1st #valentinesday.... Haven't lived up to it since.
okeey gimme all zee face :B
Showcase coming up? Fill those seats! www.LCroninMarketing.com
I LUV DALLAS!
Never before has plumbing been sexy...haha
How much did we love the thunderstorms last night! I woke up & thought I saw Noah & the arc outside my window... Happiness is summer storms!
Beautiful day finally!
Guess I should you tube it then so I can help you reach your goal.
Larry Sanders suspended for two games. This whole thing has been absolutely hilarious.
