Iron Man > Hulk > Thor > Black Widow > Hawkeye > Captain America
RT : If SAS play BOS N the Finals, will AARP be a sponsor? (That joke is older than Dick Bavetta LOL #Inside))
I spent thirty minutes today trying to lick my balls then realized I don't have any.
new blog post! Automotive Interior DIY video. Come view it, comment, and help me grow! www.shadowglacier.blogspot.com
Can we get this stupid Patriots-Giants game over, already? It's basketball season, damnit!
>.< what the. No it's not xD
Glad you enjoyed - and early happy bday!
Its not a lot but its enuff when you want it
they had him hooked up to a lot of monitors. They will want you to be as comfortable as possible. They may do a vid of you sleepin
I heard you've got a whisky aged beer, and that makes me thirsty. Tell me about it?
someone's trying to be popular and talk to the popular kid
I wanna go to yogurt land everyone says its good but ive never had it
Jack in the Box "tacos." Reminded me of soft-shelled crab, oddly enough.
#OneThingilove would be a nice walk in the rain with my boyfriend at night :)
Watching the new glee! It's already amazing!
oh noo dear I think they outlawed whaling lmfaooo!
If I saw Russel Martin on the street with that mustache I would think he was a rapist.
I'm half way through and I'm pretty much already inclined to agree. I'm going to power through and finish it.
Hey are you coming to the MUR Design Meeting this Tuesday to cover the unveiling of the new Terrace Designs. 6:00 pm
Heat nation!!!!
***CAN Y'ALL PLEASE CONTACT ME FOR TONIGHTS SHOW IN HOUSTON** IM A PHOTOGRAPHER AND TRYING TO GET IN CONTACT WITH SOMEONE THNX
Best day ever at the Grove with !!!!! We have to do it again!!!!!!!!
Hey, I'm Tim,friend of Bambi.I directed/filmed her video.Let me know if/when you need a music video she speaks highly of u !
“: I don't want you to leave but it's for the best #NoHomo #CrewForever ” can't believe he's moving !
Broncos Country wants a third Lombardi Right Flipping now!
dress warm tomorrow! its gonna rain >:l dont want you getting sick <3
Don't know when changed it so you could set your board cover but I LOVE it! Thanks for continuing to surprise.
I don't know much about football, but at some point you have to PLAY TO WIN THE GAME! Throw the ball!!!
For the past 10 years, we've built the translator for business commerce, focused on the #networkedEconomy. - Kevin Costello at
can you explain to me the weather term for when it only rains hard during the 2 minutes I'm outside doing a live shot??
Pls don't base your opinion of STL on crowd at the funny bone.U need to go to a monster truck rally to know my people.Libbie:)
Never fake who you are. Someone will like you for being yourself.
Happy Birthday from Chicago!
. It's CUATRO, not catorce! Catorce means 14, not 4. Damn Bono & "Vertigo" screwed up everybody.
#mayoragan recommends Patients Like Me and Alliance for Health as successful health and wellness community sites.
awe you look so adorable ^_^
I am ok, no phones working! Love to all family hope
It's fuck with they only talk about u. And old shit I'm on new shit
#yam RT: Steve Jobs and Ev Williams are similar: their products do less than existing approaches but I use (& love) them more
Great meeting you last night! Hope you're enjoying #factorcon today. I'm loving it :) I'm sure we'll see you this evening.
Thanks a bunch !
Such a great match going on rt now -- but I need it to finish in 45 minutes so I can put video on the news! k. thx.
I love being slapped in the face when I'm reading "Radical Together." Word by word, letter by letter I'm slapped I the face!
about an inch so far up here in Divide. Coming down at a decent rate.
If they don't they really should! Give betheny frankel some competition :).
Maryland approves same sex marriage
Thanks for the follow. Some tasty wines out of NC.
I look at it not as a circle, but as an exquisite origami of dumbassery.
hahah no =p
Sweep the leg of the rest of the NFL
Have any questions about a smog give us a tweet and we will be glad to assist :)
2day iis UNESCO’s World Book Day, chosen due 2 the anniversary of Cervantes’ death, as well as Shakespeare’s birth & death. #blwriters RT
Yeah, need to get out of my own way already.
Its sad when at your pep assembly, the cheerleaders dance to shrillex .
Maggie ♥ haha i don't remember your real name :D
Watching Top Gear in Bloomington with The Vorticists, our hosts for the evening, before trekking to Grand Rapids.
I'll be jealous if you have it in Hattiesburg for the weekend. I might not have mine in time, but it'll be waiting for me
Yeah... I just saw that on a US update twitter... Well, we'll just have to hear what the news is tomorrow!
RT : To tap into essential online education & communication programs for senior care that empower and inspire, #FF !
hi:) no it was Sam's b-day! Fun night downtown.
Interesting! Thanks for sharing.
We're on our way to the happy land of Target we'll high five you on the way out! Or face hug... It's your call :)
Tillett observes that organizations are "terrible" at "deprovisioning access"
#kettlecorn!!! I been eating a lot lately! Anything I can find I'm eating! Bout to fry some bacon lol
been to long:(
Filled up a gas tank for the first time in awhile and it cost almost as much as my month long bus pass. Why are we not investing in transit?
"I'm what they call a predatory gay #butnotreally #imstraightasfuck" I adore you
For all the devastated dudes who heard about Lykke Li, you probs weren't gonna have a fulfilling relationship anyway
Thanks for the follow!! :)
Be empty of worrying. Think of who created thought
u got mad skills
Never say never ;) ♥
I'm sorry :o Y U NO SLEEP MOAR
You aint seen what i seen
A huge thank you yet again to the #LTDArmy for helping us get so many listens on the page! You all rock!
Bryan Davis' status: "Who wants to earn some beads?"... tool.
Stop it.
Surely! RT : Happy Thursday to ya!#follow :)
done wow beautiful.
cool, keep meaning to try it. always end up at zaytinya (also great) when i'm that area.
Hello beautiful, who sprinkled gorgeous on your coco puffs this morning?
Pet peeve: people doing lat pulldowns behind their neck
A lost Dachshund was found swallowed whole in the stomach of a giant catfish in Berlin on July 2003
Mwahahahah!! RT Just ordered some weekend shoe options from - also is EVIL.
Very surprised to learn that at least 400 people in Philly are over 100 years old.
Do you know a place/person in the Los Angeles area that can repair an oud?
There are a few things in the oven! ;-)
Watching BEHIND THE MUSIC: :D yeah boy!!
What qualifications does one have to possess in order to become a judge?
Can't wait! will see you there for fabulous services! RT: #FNO is tom at Fashion Valley! Kickoff at 6pm!...
aww yucks! i am anti-legumes. not #21DSD approved either if you are doing that. ever try pecan butter? walnut/pecan?
hasn't happened yet. They'll be here June 13-22 for our pop-up newsroom, Engine28.com covering all things theater in LA. Visit!
So, it turns out I'm done cleaning on that room for right now. I'm over halfway done! SHWEET NIPPLES! Lol. x
...thanks, I'll keep that in mind xD Your gonna make them so sick u jerk lol
i c the negative as here 2 tch us, so really pos
Great quote from idol (my wife watches it), "question: what are you sweating? Answer: mostly water". Funny!
pandora is crazy good right now!
Newly released at ITunes, ICANSIA App #Chinese to American Accent. $4.99 till December 31/11 To help the dialogue between us
yep. And their trip to jail without clothes.
. imagining TEI ODD as a way of modeling something like historiography, scholarly self-consciousness
daddy told mommy she had Chinese eyes.
Just embrace it! Own it! I like to laugh at myself as much as I laugh at others.
Happy Law Day! The legal system may well suck where you are, but it's worse most other places in the world.
Mc. Gee is schooling Bynum out there,I thought Bynum was the all pro.?
no katy was trying to be a crab.. i don't like crabs..
A little too much bronzer there Jac, your face is a different color than your hands
All I do with my time is do homework and watch The Hills on Netflix, I need a life
the first day of the rest of our lives:) you up for it?
Subway < Lenny's.
Looking for male vocalist, contact only if serious
I want an Iphone.
Dude, you keep forgetting the hashtag.
Still getting used to notes on the iPad. Evernote or google docs? Decisions decisions.
Csi Miami on TV
already sold it. I'm upgrading to a new MacBook Pro for my "company computer". Tired of having two machines.
I think I sense a blog post brewing from UVa UX :) Sometimes I think visual priority gets muddled in composite approaches.
Who says you're not perfect.
Excited to give recently renovated a try this weekend. Haven't been in ages. Who would like to be my date?
where did you have most of your work done?
Tertullian was okay until he wasn't.
Tuesday!! and one up early on Mon for my twitter-ers!!:) RT When are you going to have more songs on Itunes?
On This Day: May 12, 1780, Charleston, South Carolina fell to British forces.
Tina's going away... is finally legal. They're just growing up so fast!!
Wow what a game, my nerves are shot!! Mizzou takes the win!!! Bite it Kansas scum!!!!!
lol! And that Andre Leon Talley will be over the top and want everything for free.
Dont tell me the sky iss the limit when there are Footprints on the moon…
my work friends make my day 👍☀
I was on a plane with David Simon. I was very upset because I had nothing meaningful to say.
I want to go to australia so bad.. maybe one day
I'm comin over for that
Like an e-cigarette they should make an e-joint, now that would sell :)
Thanks! will do!
eleportay is a great word in pig latin.
Brian I wanted to get your input on my #ExperienceJoeRogan app in the Droid Market (App Store soon). DM me.
Oh okay thanks for letting me know:) I can't wait to see them!
Dad's birthday and the Rapture.
Hey there! We, fans, want you to give us more seasons of 90210, please! We'd be very happy! Thank you!
Delicious! Also loved Luke.
Mitt Romney was 18 ys old when he bullied a fellow student, the same age as many of our active-duty soldiers. Spoiled snob.
Thanks! Did a great job printing them!
Air permit means that much closer to jobs for Hawaii Island — 30 or 40 permanent jobs; 80 construction jobs for a year.
All these horses names are so Funny, I Love it..
After your audition, come across the street to fill your nervous belly with food & drinks!
Can't even explain how happy I am right now.
right but in the past the "hidden" constituted a very small part of the overall number, now it's far greater and gives a distorted#
that's very cool!
Girl: “I love Cody Simpson." Me: “I love Jake, Josh, Campbell, Alli, Brad, Matt & Angie too!” Girl: “Who are they?” Me: “GET OUT OF HERE!”
HA, for me, that's "nostalgie de la boue."
Hooper carried gunpowder from the warship's magazine to its guns & was 8 in July, 1812 when the USS Comet left for the Caribbean Sea.
I wouldn't walk 500 miles for Taco Bell, but I definitely would for a signed #Community script.
Fact: A new franchise business opens every 8 minutes of every business day.
one day at a time living through it
all thoughtful art writing can be used by the market for its ends. being anti market makes you marketable.
Boogiedabeat is today!!!! Grand canyon university! Well be holding down the pre partying throwin down anything that's got the stank of...
weird how the neighbors I don't even know or like asked to jump on my trampoline..
So Met Office computer....where's the rain??Sun shines in Newark !
I just saw you on !!! You were absolutely amazing! You're such an idol!:* <3:)
im alright, how are you?
Oh, I'll be watching!
ooh what party?
hey is your meeting near downtown Boston?
Memphians may want to start calling them selves Mamphibians.
hey whats up hit me back..
Sounds awesome! Have a beer for me ;)
Great day at Cinco de Mayo volunteering for the Colorado Hispanic Republicans. Met so many great people @ Civic Center Park!
The fact that I have to take the EOC today pisses me off 😡
It's from skyperbating..wait...“: What's up with the bald spot on his Brendon's head? Is he selling some his hair on eBay? #BB13”
Listening to #Adele's 21 today in honor of her awesome grammy wins last night. I will attribute my tears to pregnancy hormones...yeah.
Which one? Where on Capitol. Probably not :)
Red~ Get busy living or get busy dying.
Wow! That's really good!
I love the riddles that you speak <3
Beer sommeliers pair spicy food with citrusy beers, rye beers with roasted meats and smoked dishes with light lager. Texture, spice matter.
аааааа)))))) funniest thing ever! really??????
Welcome! // “: New to Twitter and recommended: NYT White House correspondent ”
feeling good is not an action i am currently participating in
Mgr Durham tells his OF after a misplayed flyball, "C'mon man, there are no bad hops in the sky"...Easy for a guy 60ft from homeplate to say
Hey, Del! Just sent you an e-mail! Still struggling to get the printing done!!! I hope this time is a "charm!" :)
dunno bout me but i know bout you so say hello to falsetto in 3⃣ 2⃣ swag.
oh goodness...i will take that as a compliment. When life doesn't go your way it provides LOTS of wrtng material as it's
np, if you have any other questions, just let us know at Support (at) simplegeo (dot) com
likewise Chris. Best of luck!
i followed back nigga !
Thank god for work.
you need to learn & move on!
This whole professional/personal dual-account Tweeting is going to give me a personality complex. I'll keep the experiment alive for now...
guess who wants to pump it?
I've never meet a teenager who wasn't a dick.
Thanks for your tweet! Please email us at so we can better assess the exact location.
Well... I like it soo HMPH! :]
Kobe gonna be pissed. He calling for the ball and the team is ignoring him
doesn't matter to me
Why get up? LOL : LOL RT : RT : Have you ever wondered what mornings would be like without coffee? <<...
you should just stop by the house on your way, you're probably going to drive within about 3mins of me on I-70 anyway lol
Big girls need lovin' too.....and I'm willing to provide it.
so long, no tweets -- maybe back?
it's also fire code. :-)
Its not where you are from.. its where you are.
ur such a homer! Harbaugh doesn't know how to win with class if you were a Lions fan you would be siding with Schwartz
OMG!!!! CONGRATS ON YOUR LOGO PLACEMENT!!!! You're a Rockstar!
Yes indeed , is the best church this side of the Jordan. Won't disappoint.
Goodluck at your game 
As you can see, my twitter name is no longer it is now yay!!!!!
yeah my brothers thought it was funny
is it after school
I want an iPhone camera that doesn't make amazing moonrises look unimpressive.
White truffle risotto for family again, I could get used to this
No doubt, no doubt. We should hit up the man HIMSELF!
1 golden ticket goes to... ! Ping for details!
I am happy that Pandora knows that Mondays are for Green Day.
Would you rather be sour tomorrow or sorry tomorrow
yes yes yes! c/o 2016 :D
I'm trying b one
#YouKnowYouSoftWhen you cry when someone looks at you and you cry.
Can't wait to see what does with this situation when he takes the stage shortly. Will keep all of you posted.
": When you're next to me, there's no place I'd rather be. -Casey James"
Listening to the nerdiest first date ever. They are discussing analytics, asian social networks and who is a must follow on twitter
H.w time T.T
Not at the moment. Working on cosmic dance series & have 2 babies at home. :)
thanks Adrian!!! Hope you are well.
I am! Sent DM.
Hannah Fletcher <3 !
Exactly 10 weeks until #Orioles Opening Day!!! Will you help pack the yard on April 6th against the Twins?
I don't really like my painting teacher she's kinda annoying
Tom Joad would kick John Galt's ass. #WhatWouldTomDo #wiunion (it can be any Tom, right?) ;)
That rezoning 4 Norwood area...been approved yet? Might have a new shopping area behind Expo Center before long.
Existing infrastructure, and existing expertise to preserve and provide access to all information.
To win you must also be a Fan on Facebook! Facebook.com/ChristmasEverydayClothing. Like us now!
City Cuts Ribbon At Jackson International The late Maynard Holbrook Jackson, Jr., would have been proud to see this day come to fruition.
tomorrow wil be a better day!!
Good on Susan Collins for breaking party ranks and supporting the
yeah. It was. Only things I disliked were that the original joker died and the batman was not good.
nothing worth having EVER comes easy...
Do you guys need a web designer? Your website is just an empty directory.
After the earthquake, the hurricane and what not, I'll finally be able tomorrow to meet my students of #poetry at
who are you
Messy hair today and I'm not going to do nothing about it. (;
lol I know and that sucks that's why I made a twitter lol
Awesome, I had some classes with Josh. I traveled with the team in 06 to Orlando for the semi's.
That's good. If it didn't I'd be worried about you. Plow on through it, then you can reread it. Think I've read it 15x or so
"Hi, do you have a copy of The Hunger Games?" And they were surprised when I said 85 people are waiting.
Thank you for the follow. We look forward to seeing your readers at our upcoming exhibition!
You should pay attention to people when they're mad, that's when the truth comes out.
You think he could meet with us next Tuesday after we go to Hamilton?
Idk why Facebook does that . They need to get laid.
Oh YES!RT :Have U ever had a message you wanted to send SO BAD but "something" wouldn't let you? THANK GOD FOR THE HOLY GHOST!
alright you are on the list. :]
and its not funny so why are you laughing tour ass off(tay voice)
A1. My perfect vacation would be anywhere w/ my guy where I don't have to be responsible for anything
In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art,
I like the phrase "nothing to sneeze at" because it implies that some things are worth sneezing directly AT and I want to watch that happen.
#TheWorstFeeling is when u wnt to move on but u dnt knw how
whoa when did you get Twitter?!
your beautiful don't forget that < 3 , my feelinsforyou are so real there realer than real (x ! < 3 I love you < 3
Waiting for a Pro
your overqualified! Haha
Gonna Give u the straight truth: It isnt cute when u front on me its sorta ruder and annoying sorry had to tell u the truth
Just had my last class as a sophomore.
sure! Would love to. Have a biz related question for u. Dm me your phone number.
Thank You Dear;)
since when does a person shot another person than kill themseleves and the incident doesnt get investigated? hm
Hey, there. How's the writing going? ☀ Matthew
pretty sure someone's pissing in that picture...haha
Fuck it. Im going to Pizza Hut.
lexi thinks the orange is a ball! lmao
Wow at Gaga making the Top Ten on Forbes even after hibernating for like 4-5 months.
Try to track down Yukon Jackson Chocolates. Don't know if they've got a retail store, but the eponymous Jackson is hilarious.
Definitely one of the most informative, helpful (& fun) webinars I've attended in a while. Thx , my brain is churnin'.
Smh black folks no thay can lie
"Hearts all over the world tonight"
Nothing like watching criminals getting their ass whooped to the bad boys theme song
Not letting anything get to me today.
>>>MLM News! Do You Bake( New Company Listing )
YVW! Happy to connect with you!
Okay, we want to hear it: what is your favorite type of cheese on a burger? (Or in our case, INSIDE a burger).
Time yet again for that annual spring ritual:
I know! I'm way behind too. I haven't seen any of season 3 yet. I think you can get the last 5 episodes for free on Hulu.
exactly! “: Me too.. even though that makes me 6'6''. Gonna be too old one day. Might as well live in them now!”
what do u do all day?
Thnx for the #FF! Check them out! Our bros & kick ass band!
I like what I do , and I do what I like .
3rd day on Hawaiian tour Maui. FYI spam is a delicatessen here. Can't wait 4 peanut butter & jelly to get its recognition as BF of champions
you tell me I'm a screwd up mess, that I never listen.
When your phone randomly glitches out and plays music when its in ur backpack.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. - Alfred Lord Tennyson
seems to be so appreciative of his fans. Really makes me hope all the best for him in this world! keepin it real!
Aghhhhh mini heart attack:O what he does just by a little thing he did:) lolol
Watching do Insanity at 6:45 in the morning.
Now that's funny right there...I don't care who you are!
Awesome. I Love You Dancer is one of my favorite songs ever in life.
I'm always here just a tweet away <3
You're welcome!
Yeah sometimes I feel like the directioners are overtaking the beliebers. Like theres more of them than there is us :/
Are libraries obsolete? Nah. They're just changing. That title was misleading and the panel kinda stacked
On set. In a red dress. Holding a raw steak. Pictures soon.
There is nothing inherently wrong with taking out cash in a refinance, so long as the cash is used wisely
Darn iforgot my book for class :( n my usb drive today is not a good day for me so far
new twitter: will be tweeting this 4 a bit til i get my followers back. otherwise, is out of service.
Fenty- We are trying to get people out of cars, we are not worried about inconveniencing cars
Hear about 729 Vending on WTOP 103.5 today around 37 minutes after each hour!
FUN!! You ladies enjoy!! <3
It's crazy right? The bats just fall asleep against the Royals. Crazy bullet dodging for like six years.
"If everything could ever feel this real forever. If anything could ever be this good again."
#HappyBirthdayMamaMahone Have a great day! :D
“Courage is not the absence of fear, but the realization that there is something greater than fear.” – Ambrose Redmoon
At Engaging Peace Conference. So much needed inspiration. 12 hours till SAPSounds vid drops.
1st through 10th star of this game is Fleury.
mikey was def going commando
RT : #cobol is well proven for #cardsystem #bankcard on #mainframe or #as400 as mostly used for.
lol.. my father in law says every DIY job requires at least 3 trips to Home Depot
isn't Derby tomorrow?
Thanks for making me sound legit this weekend when Mike was SHOCKED that I was on Twitter.
plese follow me ?
tj maxx in oak creek $40 on clearance. Love love love
Lead off triple...ok.
They didn't get ur number or i would have called, if u have any more questions feel free to call 4123674888 ext 5
Side Show Radio w/Danny13 on Rock103 starts now, we're gonna be on the show doing an interview, check it out!
finally got paid for 3 weeks of work! Now I don't feel guilty about buying some halloween costume accessories for this weekend. :)
WHO... I don't even need to finish this, you all know what's up!
is it no good?
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for #weird because...he's strange
Please follow me , and I love your music and if you guys followed me I would
Shhhii grill in charlotte! RT : I Just Bought Some Burgers “: I may grill later..Whatchall doin?”
I wanna go back to school; and sleep in my zebra cocoon. I'm already sick of being home.. This summer is going to blow.
Thank U Jen :)
This show Extreme Cribs is crazy!
Plane has arrived... Wheels up to DC at 11PM ET
Lots of physical play in the first five minutes. Neither team's giving up anything easy--it's 5-3 Hoyas at the first TV timeout
55% of graduating seniors in 2010 fell short of "basic understanding" of US History. Um, WOW! Is it any wonder we are where we are?
“: you two made my night” anytime :-)
College in the fall seems so far away. Let's just start this already! #Excited!
check Craigslist! Saw some BX8a's on there for about 250.00
I'm looking forward to playing at the Drake Hotel tonight with the Katie Ernst Trio, featuring and Jeremy Cunningham! 8pm-12
My birthday party - Saturday , October 9th , at the Hatfield Mccoy Bowling Alley 1 o'clock .
i had the chance to live in NYC at 17years old, signed with gary scalzo talent, An amazing city @ 17! living by your self!
punched out my brain and filled up my soul tonight with Gospel According to First Squad! Thank you!!
2013/2014 "new new" "im jiggin im fresh" by 500Boyz Watch out for the New Video!!!!!!!!! TEAM F.B.E.
Ravens approaching 300 rushing yards..already their third best output in franchise history.
The 100 syllable sonnet movement. Ready go.
Ok still hasn't shown so here is the link... Sorry havn't done a video in a while lost editing soft ware. Don't like this soft ware.
Always keep an open mind, along with an open heart.
you got a twitter? why? twitter stanks
Inspiration can hit at the oddest times, sometimes best not to rush things.
truer words haven't been spoken
oh my god
How late to work do you have to be before you can just fake your death instead?
Thanks man, we are pumped for the show!! See you there.
Headed home. Derby bound tomorrow
Little girl goes into a barbershop eating a snack. Barber:Ur getting hair on your Twinkie. Girl:I know, I'm getting boobs too
I'll be there. Hopefully there'll be decent cell coverage this time.
My hair is not on point. I can't wait until Thursday.
-Thank you as well for the follow back! We'd also luv to send u music to be considered for the film.
Woo hoo, more Vegans! ;-)
Factoring your Commercial AR (invoices) is not a loan; it is the procedure of buying legitimate AR from your business at a small discount.
HEY thanks for the follow--we are big fans #Cheers!
Resolutions list: NO PROCRASTINATION!!!!!!!1!!11 lol do stoofss do something succesfull make monies ??? PROFIT
ok you better
He's adorable!
oh god. im nervous
thank you for a fantastic night of The Birds (my first time) and Tippi Hedren.
re: Kerry James Marshall -- Yeah, he's AMAZING.
RT : #TomDaschle: #IntlBudget helps keep America competitive in the global marketplace & creates jobs here at home - #USGLC Conference
You know... I bet roadkill meat is really tender.
OMG why do i do this 2 myself! i just saw Junior Seau's mother heartwrenching statement. they need 2 take it down :( Imma mess! RIP
you're finished anyway. That was all your fault.
Fear and Mongering in Las Vegas.
Yeah, you rocked that dress Andrea. Who knew by looking at it on the hanger?
Spent last night at Palm Springs Art Museum opening 4 artist & museum director Michael Petry - beautiful multimedia work w/ glass focus
Someone making a diference > RT : Just donated to disabled veterans of America
Bored but maybe get to see GaGa at Harvard!
When does #LGA tornado watch expire? My sister's grounded trying to get to
Best thing on Fox is Shep Smith. And you!
Pushing your kids in a stroller 4 seats wide is the equivalent of setting up a blanket fort in the aisle of a movie theater.
Were on reverbnation stop by and add as a fan
Thanks:-) RT #FFriday13th - Lucky to follow these
Happy 4:20!!! Take that how ever u want!!!!! Hahahahaha!
Hustlers mentality
. Hi Eric! Would you mind RTing us? We are a new resource for those starting, funding or mentoring
you're welcome everyone (:
i think its time for me to go2 sleep..when replied i thought it was & my heart skipped a beat! haha it hurt real bad!
So glad to hear about our special guests! Happy belated birthday, Grandma!
okay I know u aare more than excited and ready nita babies are such a blessing I miss you too.
999 Followers!! ##Woof!!
Oops! I shit my pants...
Tonight at the Westerville location: Backpacking 101. Clinic starts at 6, cost is $5. Call 818-3620 to sign-up, or just show up at 6!
All day everyday
The most important thing to evaluate when selecting a #digital #agency is the actual team that will serve your
This Ryan Adams' cover of Ratt's "Round and Round" is going to be awfully good or pleasurably bad, I'm sure. There really is no difference.
'and that's how families get bigger.' wise words of wisdom from my uncle
I *almost* bribed her.
I have many tricks up my sleeve, muahahahahahahahahaahaaaaaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One year alcohol charge free
“: says "Fish do church in water."”
working on producing a movie and the sound track.
I need a HARP refi with MI for a primary residence in CO. If you can help, then DM me. I want to deal with this TODAY!
Good morning!
#onlyintheghetto will you hear a girl use the insult "GET YOUR OWN WEAVE!"
never dat just been busy doing alot of nothing lol
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I dont want to win
watchin the little mermaid c:
EVA's next meeting is Sat. Feb 5th! Red Hot Internet Publicity 2.0 w/ Penny Sansevieri 10:30 at the Azusa Public Library
Let's Go #Rangers! Gotta love Stanley Cup playoff hockey!
At Alex Theater in Glendale for LACO: Charles Ives, Gabriel Kahane, and Hayden on the menu. Report to follow at
Sad to see workers hanging a For Rent sign on the space formerly occupied by Georgia's Bakery/Cafe on the UWS.
limbo=unsure
is headed to the 4th Avenue Gallery in Ann Arbor... Group Show and singer song writer Bill Edwards and his band...7pm-11pm
But what do you really feel?
come back! NOW.
Headed into Kindergarten Orientation for my oldest. Where have the past 5 yrs gone?! Trying to act older than I feel. :)
Very excited for 's new opporunity, as she slogs through her final day of sniffles and non-challenge at her current employer.
Scott Suggs can guard Shabazz Muhammad, right? Uh....
Wow, I've reached 3,000 #followers! THANK YOU!
Yes sir, god is good!!! ain't nuthin like waken up to a new day wit out bein blessed!!!!
I'm pretty bummed that one of my happy places, The Givin House, is closing. Now I'll be back to haunting WIlliams Sonoma.
go on ur other account and follow me
P.S...I think I desire happiness more than "interestingness." Any thoughts?
The whole choir sung me happy bday that was awesome thank u guys
take my punk ass to sleep. getting aggravated
um freddy I have one of you and her and well you are um well umm yea ....hold please
Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry to hear about this. I wish I could help. Sending you a big hug.
vampire bill
Dinner was great food-wise though service was a bit uneven. Overall a good experience though!
Totally random but do u like historic places that have either been abandoned or closed? I feel like ur a history buff. R u?
Beautiful and thoughtful. Thank you for that. I'm holding his family in the light.
I can't handle the idea that they are going to cliff hang me.
Happy Star Wars Day!
#Yankees now trail #Royals by 2 runs. Come on #Yankees score some more runs
126 new names have been added 2 list of Israel's fallen soldiers & terrorism victims since last year
Forever alone cause i have no friends.
I'm a big fan of yours - keep up the great reporting
happy birthday friendan!!!!
i stare out of my window and i count the days cause' my life's so fuckin' pointless.
that awkward moment when your in the outfield and Nicole tells you how soft her vagina is from her new razor.....
Social engagement is the key metric of the online advertising future. Conversation about and sharing of content. Beyond Likes and Follows
Work Work Work
that's right no comeback! I win!
Dang it. They arent breaking up
I was listening to "Power" and overcooked my chicken parmesan. I WILL SUE THE SHIT OUT OF KANYE WEST!! Nope. Still not old.
Looking to go green? Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select
what do you want to be now?
no the current event and the regular one
do you have any row A's left?
where are you?
LOL why did I put off this Drama portfolio? hahaha I'm going to up until two in the morning
Tweeting About Your Pussy<<<<
nourishing a fun workplace culture for the road ahead
RT : (The Lord's) compassions never fail. They are new every morning; great is your faithfulness. Lam 3:22-23
Yeah I started using it but never really stuck to it. After writing this paper I will get on it.
Some things just get me...
RT - Tom Brady says he would welcome Randy Moss back 2 play 4 da New England Patriots"
You are sitting in a lake of limitless opportunity.
Poll: If a non-profit wanted you to sign an NDA before they told you organizations they are in negations to partner with, what would you do?
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better <3 4
Watching it's definantly recording, sitting hear laughing waiting for to #swag out the place (; ILY 3
I Damn sure do lol
Never talk about my issues because I don't want to sound like a whinny complainer.
great idea! gimme dat donut glaze and she will taste like one
Good morning Sunshine! Breakfast is ready!
i think i just spent an hour reading one direction imagines
That's the long answer. lol The short--I was impatient. If there's one thing a Montessori parent must be it's patient, right?
aww,i miss u :(
it's going to be such a huge relief for everyone once i'm gone
So "The Scream" sold for what, $200 million? I must stop making anonymous phone call bids.
It feels impossible for me to live w/out butter. My waffle feels the same.
What are you talking about?
oh no! Cut it out and hope she doesn't notice.
driving up Downtown Miami, starting a SUPER weekend
Anyone else think it's weird to send an email to notify staff that our email isn't working?
HEY, I HEARD YOU WERE A PLAYA... WELL I'M THE COACH...
At breakfast called city soup talking about #hunger Calling on and city officials for city-wide plan to end hunger
The purpose of life is a life of purpose. ~Robert Byrne
haha lucky you!! I still need 3 more weeks :/
Told you I been sleeping all day!
So how long does it take for someone to put a remote starter in my car..i been here for 3 hours
I'm curious, can you glue chicken to beef? Find that out, please. :D
Cardio and ozzy on the talk.. It's a good day
fuck mothers day.
"Marriage is not a noun; it's a verb ... It's something you do. It's the way you love your partner every day." - Barbara De Angelis
Back to work..
Watching Shark Night
Today is going to be a great day!
Thanks for stopping by last Friday! What did you have?
That's a hard question I like them all for different reasons but if I like HAD to choose to marry one I's pick Harold! You?
There is no room for hate .
Smh did he just say skateland
If you're trying to date me. Don't call me sexy. And don't message me saying hey I'm single now. Umm wow am i second best??? Thanks. Goodbye
Yes. Related: Kenneth Cole is an idiot “: It seems most of the interesting/important information is at the bottom of an article.”
":I wanna see Casea & Rizzy tomorrow #yesplease" i think we can make that happen captain
Anyone want a free pizza
Happy Mothers Day!!!
"This steak is quite large, even by American standards" - Jancis Robinson
i took the plane down there not driving over 13 hours to get to miami but now i wish i did would been alot cheaper.
Could Big 10 be a play? B10 wants to tap TX market and maybe BTN helps bring in desired $$ for school?
Mariachi Christmas is this Thursday! Woot!
When was the last time you heard five homeless people on the radio discussing homelessness? Such a valuable conversation.
Oh, there it goes!
Good deal. Just don't stare at her bulging neck or drape-y, black clothing tentacles for too long or she'll steal your voice too. ;-)
you've never even been here before! the rain really isn't too bad.
the differences between the two in terms of overuse injuries?
Texas has mtns, and an ocean (ok a gulf). Beautiful hill country in the middle to west. Maybe you meant pancake flat like Lubbock
Water and gyros, stat!
Good job!!
My B-day is coming up in 2 days, please wish me a happy birthday ♥2
Awesome news, sir! Congratulations. :D
LOL! Well have a great day! Hope the coffee helps!
So many priceless moments with you(:
Carters shout out to the new honeys.
Boston is airing right now! Watch as he explores the diverse food scene most people overlook in MA!
thats freaking weird, i seriously just did flip my hair then i got the alert on my phone... awkwardly awesome!
we're gonna be playing Brick By Brick in San Diego, CA on Oct. 26. It's a wednesday, so we know NONE OF YOU HAVE ANYTHING BETTER TO DO. 21+
me too! And plus I'll make unemployment for a while until I do.
you're amazing
I'm good when My band is GooD!When my band breaks up I break up!
nah, I'm not sick but you sound sick, you sick?
inspiration is free... go get some...
We can't wait either! It is currently in development and will be released later this year!
Honestly is one of the few ladies out here that I KNOW is gonna make a difference out there in the world. Happy Birthday miss!
Nice! Going to be a great workout tomorrow!!! Xoxoxox
why thank you pretty lady!
He Won't Let You Down - “: What gospel song brigthens your day when you are feeling a little down? (RT)”
Just reading through my Twitter feed is stressing me out, and I haven't even left my house yet... sigh
yeah I like it too! I just didn't want the entire thing black and white xD
Tonight!!!! At Dobbs in Philly TRASH FEST USA!!! Leiana at 8pm, tix sold out online...walk ups still avail tho!!!!!
Guess what boys and girls! Vocal bleed on live vocals means no vocal tuning on this album. At least can sing.
Yo prob eating sushi at this point. I'm here til 7p with your tix!
What it do Bobby! What's been going on bruh?
At least I dont have to worry about an NBA lockout this offseason. I can look forward to Nuggets basketball in November
it's nearly...friday, friday, gonna get down and party! chillin' in the backseat ;)
Life is not worth living unless it is lived for others.
Maybe I'm just hungry......
Expect an email from me tonight or tomorrow-- at a conference now with co organizer
Hellhound on His Trail: The Stalking of Martin Luther King, Jr. & the International Hunt for His Assassin by Hampton Sides
Heading off for a little while. Will be back before pick 22
hi thank you to follow me, I like what you do especially traveling
All Pinterest does is give me unrealistic expectations of what I can accomplish in my free time.
Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches. ~ Will Rogers
hi cousin Im sorry for my long absence on twitter I completely and utterly forgot but I'm back now and will be more often on
you are a beautiful singer Colton.<3
I need more, I don't have access to a TV. What happened?
Skype? Do people still do that?
have fun!
Looking to make a last minute donation? Head over to stars4thecure.info and click on donate!
Show tonight at the Wonderland Ballroom with Watermelon. 10pm!
I don't want to be larger than life I want to have a life by the horns.
Call it Nature, Fate, Fortune all these are names of the one and selfsame God.
Missing the kids and fun at the Lab!
Thanks for making Adam West's star shine on the Hollywood Walk of Fame! Tenacity & Devotion for the love of Batman
RT _ThaGreat34 forreal but still i can show u how to get dis money without ah deal
I put fire symbols looking good !!!
How dumb can a person get ?....
its not a cheap city to live in you should know that
Back in tha lab makin it do what it do!
“: I hurt way too much to sleep” :(
I still have to clean out my car, replaced the lightbulb in the back tail light, get an oil change, inspection, and find my license.
GAB says no way to tell when recall election might be held. Uncharted territory.
Thx Rosie...dead money all around!
STRANGER DANGER! /).(\
At Riverwest Public House for Rio Turbo, Sat. Night Duets, Chicaloyoh, and High Wolf. $10-all-you-can-drink with !
We should not celebrate the un-natural act of Transgendered individuals? Why are christians not speaking up on this issue?
That awkward moment when you keep talking & you don`t realize your friend walked away.
In 1981, prior to the famous PC, IBM sold a desktop computer called the Datamaster.
Mw3 live .! Someone wanna play me and my sister ? (: Or basketball live ?
Someone play me in Draw Something!!! Rifframbitches <~~~username
The one kiss ~ That I still miss ~ Rests tantalizingly ~ there ~ On your cherry red lips
Note to self: Morning runs make you ten times the champ you already are
My car is names Misty for anyone who is wondering.
im goin to sleep now Goodnight hopefully i will have service tomorrow txt you if i do
Don't give me ideas - my husband already hates me feeding the squirrels (he likes the crows, though!)
RT : Been 20+ min & no signal acquired by modem. Looks like this #Clear 4G experiment was a waste. Sending back tomorrow.
Alright D-up
The blue clay is awesome. I'm all about it. It's so much easier to see the ball. You can make every tournament blue for me.
Safe Travels Joba.
nice to meet you as well. There could be something with the time it takes to shoot a Free Throw after a player gets the ball...
So happy to be a Celtics fan and not a laker fan
Thanks so much for the follow! Enjoy your day! :)
Thanks for the RTs today. I appreciate them. Bet it's starting to get pretty nice in your neck of the woods huh? #PDXRocks!
With Time Comes Genuine Power.
Cocktail of the day:Lychee cucumber martini-combine the sweet of the #lychee with the refreshing power of cucumber,add vodka,don't look back
Our full support goes to
So hungry
Go Carolina ladies!!!! Show them what you got!! A big shout out to all the Reign Fine Apparel girls....Chelsea and Julie!!
:) That just made my day! You'll have to tell me about your trip to Casa De Campo for the calendar shoot.
RT Tonight performing #HurtMeTomorrow on Leno!
I just checked out your website. Those look really neat! Its such a blessing to do something you really enjoy. :)
All is well here. Hope the same for you.
Had such a good time tonight, feels good to be without you, am back to my wild me!(:
All things are possible for those that believe its possible.
I'm ALWAYS busy, so thanks for this x RT : In case you were busy and/or forgot, I wanted to tell you that you're awesome.
Due to getting sick & losing #RCFAustin prep time my new artwork & planners will not be available this wknd. I will have other new goodies.
#JB2012Excitement hope im not the only one who thought of Justin Bieber......
Those people at the airport that look like the type to hijack a plane... *shaking & crying in my seat*
No point in being sad and angry. Dont get you anywhere.
I'm gonna make my momma lunch and its gonna be great :D what are you guys doing?
Hee! Sorry, rushing to grab a quick bite so my buddy could work on her presentation a bit during the break.
Good luck in getting tickets!
to the DOM chicks that are still phat, why won't u reconsider fuckn wit men #Iwantanswers (don't waste it only getn licked on)
oh how grande it would be if i could read and crochet at the same time!!!/:
Nothing makes me feel like I'm 5 years old again quite like a cartwheel
Yet another fun-filled night in the ghetto complete with a car break-in outside my apartment
Readying my APUSH blog for next year's students - do I leave up the notes, etc. from this year or start fresh?
It's one thing to break my heart but then to just keep tearing me apart is just heartless.
u r bad luck!
ha you've just been in denial. Nerd.
My thoughts exactly! "Oh, Yes YOU! #TheVoice"
it does feel good, doesnt it?
So close I can taste it
well done Justin.
OK I'm way too curious now.
Nine Reasons to Pursue a Federal Job bit.ly/3ih0QG
High prairie bison dog ?
since he has new kid he prolly at home
Same ol shit
cool so hows life?
Beautiful day for #Brunch! Who else agrees?
the only sure answer is yes
thanks! RT : , You guys seriously rocked it on the new #Sounders spots. Outstanding work, you magnificent basterds!
Need a heart rate monitor. Suggestions? Are wrist heart rate monitors just as good?
My knee is hurting so bad! I hit it on the car door and now I have a BIG bruise... Why am I so clumsy?
BecauseICanHelp.com - Help us raise money for The Epilepsy Foundation as we run the 2011 LA Marathon! 50 days left to reach our goal!
But serious shit if any of you into indie so cal rap check out Yours Truly it's a group of rappers. They got talent. Check em out.
no problem ;)
Ok drunk hiccups suck
which day are you going?
Why did I just push the button to unlock my front door?
Hi David, Singapore is the cleanest, & most beautiful place. Especially their Botanical Gardens. I didn't get to Kuala Lumpur
haha. Thanks. I did a little track in school and swam for about 11 years. That really helped. (:
Good morning world!!! Have a lovely day!!!
yup! I'm getting sucked into this Dj/dubsteppy craze but I kinda like it!
Watching Pinto Bennett live
lol hey girlie-lifes good. How have u been....
Body wraps coming soon.... Stay tuned for details.
Yup! That's my hood lol
Locate local companies that will benefit from advertising with you.
-sad on so many levels.
She's fucked up. Amen.
I remember on 9/11 getting up, and going to play outside, but I looked at the TV..and seen the towers up in smoke...pt1
checking...nope, I'm still the *badass driving a station wagon. (*badass)
"Nobody puts baby in the corner" -
do you have a favorite brand of scrapple, or make your own?
Right now, I have about 15 songs for my album. I'm thinking of adding 1 or 2 more. 17 seems like aweird number though
No amount of skilful invention can replace the essential element of imagination. -Edward Hopper
Alright Lufthansa lets see how you stack up
Smoothie king always brightens up a day
Great time speaking at Career Connects today...Hope everyone enjoyed it as much as I did
Sacia: Retirees are one of easiest targets. Do not lose sight of the ppl we made promises to, that depend on us. Don't know how I'll vote.
Sorry Didn't see your messages! Hope I didn't miss my chance!
Psssh. It's going to take more than HCA for the Knicks to beat the Heat.
For this love is unconditional, it wont go away. I know I'm lucky, no it aint easy for men (black) who take care of their responsibilities
"State Property" in my pants
That's not going to happen, they'll pay him.
On this day in 1846, as war with Mexico looms, U.S. Gen. Zachary Taylor and 4,000 soldiers march toward the Rio Grande.
Ah! Thanks for clarifying. It's going great. How is your new gig?
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice. Stephen Covey
i am so tired djed the club last night then my kids decided to get up at 645 this morning
for hummus, couscous and other vegetarian goodness
Saturday night @ home and you know what?? I'm ok with that :)
Always good to make a fashion statement @ 8am! RT : wear that to the next , please and thank you.
Roy Orbison for sure RT : 4 reasons to love our jukebox:
They don't announce the winner for another half hour.
Just watched the best forced 1st date @ The Ace. If a guy tells you he's going out w/ buddies later + ur not invited, he's not into u.
I ate tongue last night. (not a euphemism - I ate tacos con lengua in SW Detroit, and they were oh so delicious)
if I try to listen to dubstep while doing something else it just sounds like psychalgia. i have to fully concentrate on it to integrate it.
Got my car clean at the St. Mary's Catholic High School car wash at St. Thomas the Apostle Church.
Given the showing of enthusiasm among Conservsatives in the primary voting, I don't find this surprising at all.
Levin: We want our #broadband value prop to have wired and #wireless options that make us global innovators, leaders
If A pregnant goldfish is called a twit, what is a twitter?
she's pretty huh?
I actually took a girl to see him play music on the first date I ever went on in Los Angeles. He was drunk and fantastic.
Dan Patrick >>> ESPN.
Just launched Barclay Seed Company and the Washington Farm Project. Stay tuned for collaboration opportunities.
alright, im gonna hold you to that :) RT taha faa reali will im nice thats why :)
:D Hey there neighbor!
Worse decision: Ben picking Courtney over Lindzi or Portland taking Oden over Durant?
Pretty much ruined someones birthday.
Yeeeaahh New York Rangers!! :)
What, no She Crab Soup? That's surprising.
great to see you Bret. I hope all is well.
i freaking crack myself up
I've said that before
I am crying cause I commented on a pic on fb and Lee lee called me a asshole...
I tried, and it won't let me anymore. I've been doing that for months.
mhmm....was it alcohol?!;/ lol idk i had fun..especially meetin u AND the party!
you're welcome :)
i'm all ears.
HAHA I think so too. Thanks bud!
BIG thanks to Lauren Bateman, Jay Wightman, Annalise Emerick for their performances during the songwriter portion of our event Bohemia
Thanks all for the last show wishes!!
and Larry Scott's success could be attributed to his experience outside the NCAA.
Aiya, I say many times already. I'm not emo about 'love'. IT'S ABOUT SOMETHING ELSES. K.
Anyone use the blackmagic cinema camera?
that's good :) good luck
TIGER TIGER WOODS YALLLLLL
Not so Quick, eh, Jonathan? That goal was U-G-L-Y. But hey, it all looks the same in the boxscore.
How many rounds in the microwave does it take to heat food up to the right temperature? According to someone in my office...7.
tomorrow morning!
(THEY'D BETTER NO IT) HERE NOW...
this one wise fellow once told nothing matters unless you win..Do you recall ?
Twitter is one of my best friends.
Why is it Japan is the only place to get Shiso flavored Pepsi?
great job tonight
we in Miami, La Bo Bo! Warmer better women no one in LA, but burnt up fried white girls lmao
I love Emily the Strange! :)
It's a rather rude gesture, but at least it's clear what you mean. ~ Katharine Hepburn
always go hard or sunshine
Thx for the tweet!
won't say which of those predictions I'd like to see most but those who know me know:o
I'm so out of touch with "current music" I didn't know she had more than one. It's actually a surprise I knew the name
“: 👉's making a surprise dinner tonight, can't wait to taste it ; )” your going to love it babe
yeah women are crazy
oh, so of course i missed your following spree :( can you still follow me? ?? please?
BAHAHAHA love that.
Live each moment as if it were your last, for the next could be.
Our worth isn't determined by our efforts. It's immeasurable in Christ. But, He asks 4 100% from us & of us so He can do gr8 things thru us.
She then asks "Do you make the books beep for people who want to take them home?" Yeah, more or less, little girl.
AGREED all the way!
When Are you coming out with a new song!?
Hello all. Thank you for following me:
Really looking forward to performance for BrooklyNites tomorrow night @ 7!
#TMI that's just too much information. I can't even deal with it. Its too much Lmbooooo
Who's watching American Idol?(:
Does wifi use the time zone that you're flying over? It seems like it would make more sense to use the destination city.
Walking in Wingra Park is like taking a bath in golden sunshine.
you are SOL
Glad you liked the write up at on - it is a really great idea!
of COURSE it's "rolling in the deep" for record of the year. #grammys she thanks the radio DJs who have played this incessantly: good call
Come in and check out our new Spring product --- Be Bright! Spring is almost here and winter is almost over!
its a rough life.
Happy Mothers Day to all those awesome moms out there!
Seriously... It keeps you awake
Terrific opening slideshow with killer drum solo! Co-hosts Felicia Curry and Holly Twyford just introduced.
roads are clear. ttyl
Little Weapons is shooting today!
What does turkey pot pie, sheppards pie and mac & cheese have in common? They are all part of our lunch comfort food buffet today for $8.95!
I'll catch up with all you guys later!... have a great rest of the hump day!
where you been old man?!?!
love you too :)
By the looks of things, I should have grabbed some Chick-Fil-A before coming here...
One of the best shows I've seen at the Bistro returns this weekend! Come see if the Dr. Lonnie Smith Trio makes it into your Top 3 as well.
didn't know you were following me man
I want to look at something beautiful today.
Fashion is about good energy. It's about feelings. That's what I have to give the people, good energy and good feelings.
I just like winning
Yeah mii nigga Boo coming home! Saw a chick today hatin call ppl talkin bout they shoulda locked him up had to tell her ol hatin azz mad huh
Thanks 4 following
Somebody that i use to know
: crowdsourcing selection of websites for archiving using twitter; maybe we should create a web archiving url shortener?
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us;they are essential to really keep us alive
These updates are just a small part of what I can bring to the table. Just let me know what your looking for, and I can help you find it ;)
Happiest of Birthdays to fearless leader of and
In Nassau with She's so wasted.
Every day we make the decision through our action or inaction to protect our children or allow others to do irreparable harm.
Guess who's going back to school tomorrow!
Really frustrating when you have all these roadblocks holding you back from your dreams :/
i didn't! as in her legs were not pedaling forward! oy
I've done a lot of "Oh shit I'm demoing tomorrow"-driven development.
this is ludacris
Don't get mad when a girl cares too much. Worry when she starts to not give a shit.
I mean I wasn't gonna lie... So ready for all those kids to be freshman!
Job perk: I just went through my fragrances and organized them. Now I smell like orange blossoms!
"if " my shot is off HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Yup. It's going to be online and is tentatively set to start this fall. (sorry for the late response, I was on vacation).
well not really but it was fun.
Ps, congrats to Jesus for beating death today 2012(I think) years ago!
Nice! My son's Yoda's been around awhile. He even has a broken hand.
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office
Is it online somewhere to watch?
Studio booked next Saturday for an acoustic song or two.
What to mk of Allen Craig's last 350 ABs, back to '11? Can you guys profile him soon on facts/flukes?
loved the flat tire video, but you should change the title! We shouldn't know how long it takes beforehand :)
yeah he did. I hope we play Moore now just so works the kid that got his spot. Backbone tonight!
We been a fan since the Syndicate much respect Teefa! Peace!
never. I made a new wich lover! “: #itsneverenough”
Intuition leads, data guides, focus wins. Future. Past. Present.
Thanks Mary. I'll pass this info to my friend.
I don't wanna see Rebecca Black trending I wanna see something bout or Justin Bieber. Not a girl who has no talent
I like, thanks. The look on s face is hilarious
Okay watch for me on 7 today :)
I am so sorry (x1 million) I can't go to youth group cuz i have pink eye in both eyes! #Pain Take Pics of Justin plz?
That's why I appreciate her. (:
(c) jaelle said she is going to kill herself. again .
Hm... Feels Nice Doesnt It.?(:
so it's over yea were through so I'll unfriend you your the best liar ever knew so ima unfriend you
I bet! Probably felt like you were cooking.
Oooohhhh yeah!! Won our 1st softball game 28 to 1! I went 4 for 4 with 2 home runs. My wife is a little beast too!
Beer with Bob, nap, Pack of Wolves and Lair of the Minotaur at Red 7, No Control Radio on 101X for the drive home. Sleep.
and with that in mind, I take back what I said, Big East remains better but it will be so close now.
#quote An intellectual says a simple thing in a difficult way; an artist says a difficult thing in a simple way.Charles Bukowski
Happy mothers day to every mom in the world
lmfao I know there literally always there! My dogs were freaking out this morning
without change there can be no progress. " #occupy all streets"
I know several places. What style?
bitch f you! I was watching porn anyway lmbo
I need to make plans... like 5 minutes ago :/
FB b-day post from my 25yo cousin's gf, whom I met very briefly last summer: "Happy b-day! Hope you're well! Miss you!" Miss me? Huh?
My boob is it itchy, and as much as I scratch it doesn't help
Aww, yea!! Bring it on! RT Just officially planned my 21st birthday. Watch out Vegas I'm coming for you new years eve!
communications, PR, marketing, event management, social media, speak Spanish and Italian, outreach. Let me know how I can help!
I'm getting so much more lazy because school is ending . Not even doing my hair in the morning lol IDGAF
Hates when guys wear stankin ass cologne :/
r u still at the library...
yeah! -smiles and gets into the elevator-
Today is the day! Trends for Treehouse is here, can't wait to see everyone at the event!
Where u.fuckers going? I wana go too lol
"Down Under" by Men at Work came on the radio and I thought about "Alexander..." Those were good times- mostly.
doubt they get a game in tonight.
On our way to San Antonio for our 2012 Leadership Institute! Watch our twitter feed, blog and Facebook page for updates!
She's my latin giiiiiirrrllllll, oh she try to fight it but she know she likes it
hahaha got it to upload my picture but they cut out #so.not.cool !! gonna fix it.....again!
I seem to always find you in my life when I need you! Thank u glamazon!
ARod now now 3 for 20 for the season. #Yankees. He's 0-for-10 vs. #Orioles and has struck out four times.
The Indians just can't seem to get anything going this afternoon.
Vegas trip = success. Los Angeles tonight and back to Redding tomorrow.
Surgery is just now getting started.
Hey ! Are you guys running the marathon relay this year?
A slice of wheat toast w peanut butter, an orange and egg.
Awww hell! What the hell just happened?
read ur link about painting metal lamps- looks like exactly what I need. Wish they didnt say u needed spray paint tho
Come on John Cena !
Absolutely love that. Just beautiful.
So, the lightning was WAY to close to my house :p i couldn't sleep, the thunder was EXTREMELY loud :p
Don't have a Foursquare account? You can still "Check-In" on Facebook to unlock a deal too! Stay tuned for details...!
thank you
RIP MCA. The first artist of our lifetime that we have physically mourned over. You were a true pioneer in all arts.
ignorance RT : the House also voted to defund National Ocean Policy.
if the only thing she's blowin is bubbles.....she's too young for you bro! :D
If drops FX, I am switching service. Can't be w/o my SOA! Hating them as much as Clay right now.
I would love to visit any and all of those cities!!! :)
gotcha bro
So bored and i wish i can go walking to my house
This morning I woke thinking of my friend. She found out last week her guide dog has cancer
just got a sneak peek of your "Where are they now?" interview with for #300theFenway. Very honest and inspiring!
An animation studio director just stopped by and asked to look through our sketchbooks along with a request to email about possible work.
Post.Concert.Depression #NotFun :'(
Good Morning! We look forward to connecting with you and your community.
Stop by and try a Hungarian or Smoked Garlic Sausage!
I need a meaner husband.
I think you would wake up if you noticed you couldn't breath lol
got to be toto ! No men at work? Lol
Never blame anyone if you get hurt because you took the risk, and you decided who was worth the try.
all i know is babe better get off work soon. im bored and tweeting WAY to much.
Is there a certain candy that you could chomp on all day and never tire from? *Over here, we would have to say mints!!!
Storming the field, lol.
awesome awesome awesome!!!!!!!
old photos & comments... past Katelyn, shut up , you're embarassing me..
happy new years brah. Yours is probably over by now. Lol
haha yeah i know :P
I always look forward to end of month except when it creeps into beginning of month. Oops.
Good Luck to YOU Missy GO KICK SOME COLORADO BUTT!!!
Haha at comedy central. mike epps
Don't spend your money on skype we do da same for free personal calls, conferense call , buseness call , group meetings.check out Echatepaca
Good Morning World!! Currently at 8:25am in Atlanta, GA it is 39 degrees. High: 66* Low: 38*
I think someone deleted my post! Seriously people...-____- uh~Ashley
Inbound marketing is a subset of online marketing. For example, banner ads are outbound. Spamming via email is outbound. Etc.
I hate a person thats lazy when it comes to sex.
Just saw the cutest, and gorgeous guy ever. #UnderArmorGuy omg.<3
We'll all know tonight! :)
Official #CampaignTweeting for
Um....Save me some of that!
Congratulations to our GreenNote survey scholarship winner - Camille Stuart from North Carolina!!
Heading to the Michael Jordan celebrity golf event at Shadow Creek!! Beautiful day, should be fun!! Let's do this.
Done with bio!!!
You're welcome. :-)
#WeirdFactAboutMe is I love buying plain tshirts to just relax in around the house
we have a graduation party to go to on friday. gets over bout 10 though. prob meet up with ya after that.
Simon Properties is obviously repositioning Grapevine Mills as "high end" but so far has only achieved "slightly less scary."
dude I'm so sick of this bull shit really like if we lose today we are 11-16
✌ to this dry shit
CANT WAIT TILL YHU CME BACK/////
Just realized I start and end all of my weekdays by laying in bed to check twitter.. Who am I expecting to tweet in the middle of the night?
will taste gyro and victory tonight. #sounders oh twelve.
#detroitvipers “: I watched the Red Wings on PASS #LasttimetheWingslostathome”
ready as I'll ever be photographer at 1pm! :D smiles everyone smiles
look stop talking shit and grown the fuck up
RT How long before CNN hires Gussie Fink-Notttle because of his professed expertise on Newts?
That dude Lin my dude but he won't be a hero tonight. Lebron gone be on shut down mode. Wade gone step it up too
I hate when guys are assholes!!!!
Follow me Liam I am in school!!!!!
glad u like it! Ill post more. I took a lot of pics but most are blurry. I had so much fun :)
“ If your not paying for my shit, then you don't decide shit.” bow! bow! bow! *wacka voice
Milwaukee Alarm Co monitors the fire alarm at the Milwaukee Fix Building. Let us know if you have any other security needs.
Lmao... chicken n veggies!
Come out tonight to 's last show in Columbus! Let's make this a night to remember! 2590 N High Street - 5pm
Quitter. Doubter.
you were my last hope...
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Love it, definitely a Sweet game!" by Stephanie
Headed home after White House. I hope it helped spread the word about the importance of museums.
We are open for business!! Our kitchen remodelling is complete and we are open today at 11am! Watch the Tour de France & LPG US Open!
My game has been cancelled :(
<#teamfollowback...we are taking care of the community
. Mike is doing great! He even made the team flight that night.
oh no that's not classy at all tell that bitch to close them legs, we don't needa see tunaflap
Don't know what the country's coming to. But in Rome, do as the Romans do.
That's about as close to ideal for getting work done as it gets.. just hope you don't get distracted by the internet :)
"As you trollers know - a LOT of hoochies are discontinued." <3 sentence
Tweet using hashtags, That'll help get followers.
making stew,baking cherry pie and listening 2 my download from HOLLYWOOD BABBLE-ON SMODCAST on JAY & SILENT BOB rockit in yo pocket! ;-) kk
Headed home to get to this game! Go !
We need to put educators in congress and the oval office, not lawyers
hey honey. I'm fine what about u ?
we love you Mia! Hope you're having a beautiful Friday:)
YOUR REALLY HOT OMG TWEET ME💗
I have a smallish swarm of honey bees in my yard in Anderson Twp. Does anyone collect them?
Oh? What do you have in mind?
Happy Valentine's Day to all the #DNation runners in the world! We show our love by making our miles more meaningful!
I have a similar stash, but I don't have your (perfectly valid) excuse.
yes - but the real question is would you fancy waking up next to "me"? :/
Sylvia A Chamber Opera, performance at 12:30 in the Pan Pacific Park ampitheater.
Can't believe she's only 26.
Good morning good people
Spark Notes helped SO much lol. dude i got a 91 on my exam! and i didn't read o__O and it gives you everything for the essay!
We are at the movies and someone yells out, i got a chopper in the car ugh.
From Rob (5a): Sunny most of the day. High:76 inland but cooler lakeside. Rain this evening and tonight.
Runways are back open now. Hopefully you we be back on your way soon.
RT : Old tapes are really loud. Invest time to upgrade & listen in w/ fresh ears. Gem from #CoreConnection coaching session
~Mark TwainIf only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time .
Literally about to cry from the sound Tigre is making while in the cat carrier on the way to the vet :(
I just extensions my deadlines!
The Geatest man to ever live, Audie Murphy,
Watching big Stan 😜
To support its a contest! :)
Long tough day. Inspection responses are about as fun as appraisals.
I WONT HE ALREADY HAVE a prom date my sister
The way you have your hair up , did you forget .. That's me.
Loved House of Mirth - haven't read Age of Innocence. Thanks!
Colonel Muammar Gaddafi has been the fierce ruler of Libya for 42 years. Colonel? What does it take to get promoted to General over there?
Our goal is to help clients solve business problems in this digital world.
Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and FHLB 2012 note calendar - Reuters
Swear I VOTED!!!
fuck commercials on pandora!
didn't Kindle bump his head?
Make each day beautiful, for each day only comes once.
This Arab/Mexican guy (idk which) tried to get at me today....but he was too old lmaoo
What makes us Woohoo All Night here at #2CB? NEW MUSIC!!! Specifically, the 47 tunes we're going to share with you next week!!
what am i supposed to do with a lifeless phone? i'm going to have to start carrying around my charger -__-
singing EVERY MUST GET DRONED like Dylan. LMAO!
Well said. But then again, they labeled the middle image "PC" which is kind of a giveaway.
If this Sunday gets any lazier..it will be dead
sounds about right. Things are good, hope things are going well out there in NC.
please come back to nyc? i miss you so much! love you <3
Does Bevis and Butthead have a Xmas special planned this year at the local septic plant...it would be a "splash".
( THATS SO TRUE YALL NEED A DASH STORE IN ATLANTA SO I CAN WORK THERE
There are bluebirds in Evansburg State Park.
nice!!! Happy Mother's Day!
How's everybody doing?! Let's talk ! :)
Well, now, that is just cool! Congratulations.
A neighbor is snowblowing a path down our street. Talk about taking matters into your own hands.
Lol! It helps
I'm glad you liked how the story turned out. Good luck tomorrow.
Really, now you're going to be racist?
Umm.. From friend to friend.... I don't think that is the best idea lady. Consider this a fashion intervention. =]
"50 Shades of Grey" started as fanfiction, then became a bestseller. Now a satirist has gotten a 5 figure advance to write the parody.
no the new one. The more tumors you get the better.
If we are strong, our strength will speak for itself. If we are weak, words will be of no help. John Fitzgerald Kennedy
I thought about changing my twitter name today... but not I forget what it was to.
oh.. i thought you were.. and i kinda sorta miss ya:/ how was your convo wit my uncle?
O is that bad for u or do u really care
Looking at the year book from6th grade and 33 teachers iether got fired or left our school in just three years.
But when the banana is gone, the audio is gone.
Beauty to some is skin deep, just know they are shallow, stupid people. don't listen to their words, stay strong and hold your head up high
RT I found chocolate ice cream in my freezer! The day is complete! WOOT!
Who are you taking a stand for today? Even one word could push the dark into the light.
<3 RT you are my savior for sweaters <3 thank you.
hello Amy
SM value ? RT : A5. Awareness is achieved by constant repetition of your name via ...
In a race with time to see The Lorax in 3D lol
I love that book.
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House is a place to enjoy life and all the delicious foods it has to offer!
Hope your lasik went well!
Got a farmers tan now. Thanks softball.
you're too sweet. Thanks. Is there a site or somewhere I can see your work? My email is ...
These hippies don't like my Clint Black shirt
hey im sorry but i dont want to be a admin
Thanks for sharing!!!
These are the best days of our lives, watch as they pass by
Getting geared up to head to Indy this afternoon!
thanks to tristin meholick I now I have a realllllyyyy cute pair of ralph lauren polo shoes. ! Yaayyy
one day you will follow me but today isnt the day! :(
your tweets kill me!! Baha
Some ppl think attending the Inaug sounds grim. As says, is not deterred. We don't like port-a-potties anyway.
Cool fact! Did you know dendrochronology is the science of calculating a #tree’s age by its rings?
Passed healthcare reform bill
I think a lot of people didn't get the memo that it's Friday afternoon. Jeez. Ok, good times today. Let's get on with the weekend. Go Jets!
That's what it's al about! Haha. Rock on Torranah!! \m/
Lori Pfginst giving an overview on cuts in state budget.
It's really sad watching a PR disaster unfold on the internet. is doing everything wrong.
you know it, okrrrrrrrr? RT I have video footage to prove it :)
Thank you for following me, we could talk soon
This plane smells of teriyaki and booze.
hertz car sales
~ Congrats Good Brother!
U earned it #NationalChamps RT : I just met ...
Parenting should be a privilege, not a right. We should have a system where ppl have to apply for a "license" to have a child.
"that's what she said"
Philly goal by Huminuck early in the second quarter.
Well the work book I co- wrote with Carl Gottlieb for Film Schools is completed and it is called" The Little Blue Book for Filmmakers" and …
Fun family hike to end all the great time off. Ready for an interesting and fun year, but not to hit the office tomorrow.
darn it! that's what I hate. Ed loves screwing up good ideas.
My Alien :*
That was too fun. I miss mats and tumble tracks and basing!! And of course we dominated ;)
Happy Birthday! Hope you had a great time!
