Fat bitches on Twitter calling themselves Barbies, bitch you ain't no damn Barbie you a care bear"
If I got hit on by a Bill Clinton lookalike I would wear that as a badge of honor.... wait, what?
Sometimes it’s too hard to hate everyone all at once, so I hate people in shifts.
I am now standing in back of the truck. Sometimes it's nice to be 5'8"
October 20, 1996 - #TheWho performing QUADROPHENIA in its entirety at the San Jose Arena in San Jose, California.
Everyone remembers Kelly Pitts from Sweet Valley...No one remembers Swans Crossings. Did u watch it? It was her first show.
That pomegranate stamp you used to have would make a great icon for your twitter account!
Wishing I was in Duluth for Homegrown!
what the heck is going on? XD stop fighting with yourself!
We bought it with a gift card we got from Thanks, little bro! I told you we'd turn it into something awesome.
friggin sweet!!! :D
About to come up on and apartment!
I have my outfit for the last dance!!!!!!!!
Oh, my assistant dean says I should type #DeanFail. As the undergraduates say in their texts: Whatevr.
Gross modern.
cool as the other side of the pillow
I'm wearing a new (to me) light-colored Anthropologie blouse today which means a day-long challenge to not spill anything on myself.
Insecurity will destroy you.
told me to "stick" with playing guitar and i will till the day i die
TO DO DA DISHES! TO CLEAN UP MY ROOM! TO DO DA LAUNDRY! AND IN DA BAFROOM -- sorry, what were you saying ?
GM world..... Almost home =D
Thank you! The Beibs is the perfect xmas gift!
lol you suck . ugh . i HAD to go these last two days . smh .
BLM is tailored for women but also a premiere choice for the men who love & suport them. RT
When a girl got a good personality >>>>>>
Boredom kills! xD
and yes! You can move in but we might have to charge you rent or make you bake for it!
Spotify radio based on "The National - About Today" is probably the best decision I could make all day.
Duke was banned from for disrespecting a Tar Heel's authority.
CHECK MY music out on www.youtube.com SEARCH young mantra
The best advice is not that which tells you what to do rather the one that makes you realize you already had the solution for your problem.
hey what's up??I like your twit icon pretty nice
Class of 2016 lol I also had to repeat 1st grade because my mom kept moving us around alot
When I go to watch Dylan's blog and my computer decides to take forever to load<<<<
That awesome moment when you find out you actually don't work today....:D
Coming from a small German Cherokee tribe, he knew his great ability to imitate all American accents would once be recognized
We want to know what was your first car?…and do you wish you still had it?
Yes android tablets not up 2 par RT #mlamobiletech more android phones but apple has the tablet market still
And none for Gretchen wieners bye
Lovin the new job! Friday and Saturday should be super busy downtown two day sale with wicked killer deals 9-1!!
deleting all my old text from him just to be sure i don't still have his number in my phone !
ya this is all another language
The French Gimlet is a classic! Ours depends on the time & occasion, but The St-Germain Cocktail is near perfect!
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned ypu never let her use the good controller
Chat! Or I can just DM you if that's easier!
I have some pretty hilarious inside jokes with myself.
Versailles Cuban Food
Just gotta nice discount on a rehearsal space for tomorrow!
And CJ has now found the zone and is on cruise control. Crowd and Rangers are flat. Need a jolt!
Rehearsal home run today!
You were cute. Until I go to know you.
dont do what?
Although I'm not sure roots are all they're cracked up to be.
distracted. 4 clients #RTBagel (ing) across Pershing this AM, manually working our automated supply chain
the night ended perfectly with patrick, i love his sweet kisses on my forehead, cheeks, and just everywhere 💕😄😁😊😘😍💕
Got a kooky st paddys day outfit? Come on by and we will gladly add ten bucks to your tab!
Tonite ended off HORRIBLE
RT : Whenever I sleep, I have to use one of those sleeping masks x) :o lol why
chillin before we head to for the video game art gallery. brace yoself foo
Nope Haha! But Ive Heard Of It
LMFAO i did shes like " you need to stop calling okay?" and hung up
I love comming home but I sure missed my church today. don't get me wrong I got a word but I need that Tony Scott word
Any #cleaningtip you give, we trust! Thks for always doing such a thorough job--Looking forward to the #bedmaking event!
SYSCO foods came in. Lots happening. We have expanded to four levels or Waves of payout. Will touch base this week
#SometimesIGetSickOf Not Knowing The Truth
new IMDB credit.check. new marketing materials.check. new pics online.check. new fire under my ass.check.
hey Alex can u plz give me the link 2 official fb if u have 1?? Thxxx I love u <333
Almost off to San Francisco, just waiting on the Ferry...with my Starbucks, I thrive on moments like these. Missed home so much.
We have wisconsin, michigan state, nebraska, and michigan, not too mention penn state! that could be 5 more losses if we dont do SOMETHING!
that is how this entire series has gone -- if anyone can even get to 90. 85 was enough in gm 2.
I'm going out on a limb early and picking Arizona to meet up in the superbowl again this year. I pick them last year and no one was listenin
et calves look nice
you should do some PR on my groups/ CASTING DIRECTORS FOR ACTORS & JEREMY GORDON CASTING .......
is he a Buddha ?
#Sony Social responded quickly. Problem, They're not empowered to resolve the problem. Bad Process! #BestBuy Has Drop the ball 2
psst... "intro to horseback riding for actors" (in Los Angeles) for April is now looking for participants! DM me w/ your email!
It's a good morning tweets x
I no u got my txt
You didn't butt in on anything. Really. There wasn't anything more too it. I just made a dumb(er than usual) joke.
"These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication."~Acts 1:14
#TenFactsAboutMe 5) I don't think I could live without my phone.. Let me rephrase that, I couldn't live without my phone!
I promise to be da best god parent..be there for my god child as if he/she was my own :)
you are welcome
#1 Florida State 7, #Clemson 9 Final. What a game... With that, #Clemson wins their first series against a #1 ranked team since '94.
Did you know? is the youngest of her siblings?
haha, yeah! It sometimes pops up mouseover tooltips for random dashboard widgets. Very unsatisfying (:
I love dancing and singing ^^
Free from wheerreeee?
nahh not acne just normal spots just seem to get some all at the same time :( haha
I'm pretty sure usage of Aperture Science products is not allowed in Apple Stores. Similarities to the photo app I guess.
Watching "The Thrill of it All"
got to force myself to sleep...insanity at 5am
:( Maybe you're running an older iOS?
What do you need for your next headshot?
Shouts to
one Irish boozehound?
Another beautiful Sunday in #SouthFlorida - I got 99 problems but the weather ain't one.
Oh boy! A new session just started at #WISDOM2012 touting a successful SAP implementation... Now I'll hear the other side of the story.
prices vary a lot!
I have not gotten out of bed once. My mother brought me a cup of green tea and I've been staring at the ceiling just thinking, feels good
I get that for sure!!
If you come to OR I recommend the SOB or McKensie River-both very scenic and well organized.
I've really been in the mood to get something pierced lately.
Oh hey emily.:)
Im so cool
Sitting next to cody at dinner ;)
Waiting for some results takes time!!! Tick tock tick tock tick tock!! 
o my god.. i just walked past the table and out of no where a7x starts to play! I am magical!!
Here we come Australia! We are excited to be joining RxWorks for the AVA Annual Conference in Adelaide, South Australia.
Regardless, I hope they all have a great time. It goes by in a blink guys!
Really Klout? I'm influential on World of Warcraft? I just had to use the Google to figure out what that even is!
owww u got the deep throat lmao
looks like you get to pick
It's where Sally and I used to get our mail delivered :) A grt sushi place!!
“: yea man for sure, tell shaune i said tighten up lol” Shaune said u a redskin fan. He'll leave it @ that lmao
Yes but Kevin keeps an extensive "personal journal" :) RT : LOve the fact that your products are diary free
Tonight we feel the voice of woman!tonight we cry with her family!tonight is the night Whitney Houston passes her voice on as a legend!
Awesome! RT : I officially registered for in La Cross! Let's roll!
my hubby makes a mean green smoothie that's fast and healthy: spinach,2 cups mixedberries,1 apple, 1bananna and ice
a happy life can't be without darkness,happy would lose meaning if not balanced by sadness,better to have patience and equanimity
REO Speedwagon announced in the "Rib America Festival" lineup Labor Day weekend -- who's pumped for some #BBQ !!
i need to stop giving in because this shit always happens, no matter what
For those of you coming down to the #LIW event, parking is in the lot on the west side of the field, and enter thru the admin entrance!
“: I still think Morris Claiborne will the the #Vikings' pick at No. 4.” And THAT is why I said u sound silly!
You're quite welcome, Professor
Oh! Just heard is sitting in tonight with at !! #awesome #coulditgetanybetter?
I hear you....on this end dealing with a little bit of heat because it is warm here.....for once *S* How have classes been?
thank you! Great company!
omg, I LOVED Alex Mack! ;)
No, I can't take Sarah Palin as Today correspondent seriously. Stop, #Todayshow. This is jumping the shark.
im coming home now lol
Headed to playlist live :D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. CRISS!!!
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.”
Normally all the kids would be in class on a Friday morning, but it's Spring break for a lot of schools.
Do you think Moms are more overwhelmed today than ever before?
What do you suppose chances are I'll birth my first child on a February 29?
Haha yeah we were on since midnight yesterday to get Happy Birthday :P
only 1100. Way to go Sterlo. Way. To. Go.
i just did that and my mom is dead ass trying to kick me out -.-
I hate more and more everyday.... she broke my heart 
im hyped i get to watch it when it first airs tomorrow. lol. its great
Hands down... Cafe Press, its the only place i will order french onion soup in the WORLD!
Yeah sure that's fine I was going to say that we go to but I just remember that it closes at 7 anyways C U then :)
Can you get one from the State Dept?
No. I left Quinshire at the end of last year. The group could not attract new members.
yes, my mouth is back to its usual happy self. ;) I've had a super busy day, and I keep having a nagging feeling that I forgot...
Baluchistan doesn't have n occupation problem but a foreign infiltration that is resulting in violence.
lol i went to sleep at like 12 and woke up at 6 been on twitter and listening 2 music ever since i woke up ;) oh and im eating
RT? Follow me & (suicide awareness) Help get us followers? (:
unless district won;t let you teach others about Twitter
Help wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
I know every word to 11:11 (:
Haha no that's Kurt :P He gay's everything up I would know I'm his fan lol
Can i ask you a question? #AskConstancio LOL i just asked... fail
Hi Stacy, Thanks for the heads up on my account being hacked. i hope we've corrected it. Thanks you
I'll have the Neptune salad.
he got lucky
Howdy! We tried responding to your direct message, however I'm unable to since you're not following us. :(
Have you ever fallen for someone you met online only to find out that they weren't who you thought they were? We want to hear your story!!
i practicing my magic tricks im gettin really good want to learn to be a magician go to ellusionist.com theyve got amazing tricks folow me
your my 400 th follower =D
To sign up for the MS Partner Action Pack I was forced to take and pass one of the worst online courses ever. MS should follow
Rebel's own Nate Cooper will be on Channel 4's Morning Blend at 9am talking about Running Rebels & all the amazing programs we have.
Now Following ! : D
scored an amazing bcbg dress at this weekend. now i just need a reason to wear it!
ha, no. He apparently lost feelings for me.
i love you k.
New life motto:
One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth doing is what we do for others. - Lewis Carol
That..edge of the seat.. feeling I get when I see my phone light upp.... Hoping it's you.
Is Kid Rock dead? Is that why he's trending? Please, oh please.
just now seeing this. makes me miss your bed. and I guess you, too. (;
Picture Day∞
Bored At Work
Hawaii Five-O won it's time slot again last night. The ratings look consistent so hopefully this means a Season 2!
Just had the most lovely nightcap of NyQuil and Emergen-C with We're a mess.
We want to cater your holiday Event go to www.gemcuisine.com today and receive $60.00 in credit towards your event!!
you'll be my best friend please
childhood obesity is no joke; funny that store had no bikes for ages 3-8 only motorized and pull along cars, wagons trucks
We will never forget.
hi Bre I voted for Nicole Michelle but by the way can you please follow me babe i get all your tweets now.thanks Bobby Howardxoxo
U.N.T. Dallas .The best college in the state of Texas. Go Cowboys.Rangers. Stars. & Mavericks
Haha times like this makes me wish I was a fluent spanish speaker.. :/
my poor bb :(
so this is what falling head over heels for a guy feels like. i can't stop smiling.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
because who doesn't like to hear sweet stuff that makes you feel all googly and cute. umm hello
Great question: What can museums in Google Art learn from libraries in Google Books?
Idea! Let Alex Smith choose the winner! Guy pulled a double Tebow in the biggest game of his life last weekend! #hardworkpaysoff!
Nah, I want German style. It;s not shite over there, or in Sweden, etc. ;)
I sure hope you're also excited to talk to the NON-delegate voters...
Great day of racing from all over the country!!
People really think I don't know where Columbia Heights is. Neat.
thanks for your hard work!
Loving Styled by June Ambrose... Think I'll start DVRing it.
Cover all bases? Send both the long link and shortened. If the long link breaks to multiple lines, the short can be used.
Each gummy landmark is made with the best ingredients. Our recipe and vigilant craftsmanship is packed with flavor and is sure to please.
yes u can....u just log back on within a month or your account will be deleted forever lol
You know you have someone scared when they throw out twitter shots at you without thinking. Nothing like competition.
Honored to hear God is using it in your life. Thank you for sharing part of your #SunStandStill story with us. ^staff
Good Morning
we are the oldest people here...all ages == high school get together
Best rushing slayers:
you do realize mr. Smith doesn't play for them ? #idiotfan“: And thats why you're gonna get your ....
I now understand your tweets about the bus drivers. This is terrifying!
Kidnapped Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit's family will talk about the struggle for freedom tonight 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
THANK YOU to EVERYONE WHO LOVES AND SUPPORT THE BRAINSTORM MOVEMENT AND R'CHIVE!! Last month we had over 206 DOWNLOADS of FREE RINGTONES!!!
Online ordering is live @ www.mumbaibistro.com
I Liked the crazy Charlie better. Adios brother.
Many simple things add up; participate in local govt for the future
if you're sick, please stay home..ugh
i had goosebumps when i woke up this morning, it def is game day!!! GO CATS!!!!
How about a big hand for everyone! Thanks for keeping us informed from the inside, it meant a lot to those tuning in!
Scott Simon will now receive a flurry of tweets with names of other oddly monikered 'sconnie towns. Waunakee, anyone?
Okay so I have the same professor for two of my photography class. What luck. Ugh
we gotta sit down soon g
"rub the furry walls" - aldous snow, get him to the greek
Had the best time with my wife and son at the beach. This was just what a dude needed before going back to work...
“: Looking for a method to download #Drupal core and top 100 modules to a USB stick on my command... Drush with a bash script?
RT Back to ya, today from Mid-town Manhattan -> Long distance cheers 2u!
Morning everyone! Had a rough night last night but it's nice and sunny *yawn* today :)
Workplace #safety tip: Rest the muscles of your eyes by focusing on a distant object occasionally
I've got skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
made valid points about entitlements for women on like #FMLA. Funny, they aren't entitlements once you use or need them
MySpace → Tumblr → Facebook → Twitter → Try my new favorite
that is cheesy like their theme song by Scott Stapp
Next week's schedule starting to look pretty slim. I got 2 classes finishing on Tuesday.
oops really rocks!
me & are coming to see you on Oct. 30. what would you like us to bring you?
Indeed, it did!
So check it out...2012 is MY year!
Likewise, Happy Passover.
Urban Betty will be donating 100% of the profits on Sun, Oct 2nd from 12-6pm for the Wildfire Relief Effort. Book your appointment today!
Wonder when will notice me??? -anna
Good point. I've heard that it might fall then still.
oh. i get it. i'm not smart. you knew that already.
bluebird cafe? I almost performed at their tent on the Country Throwdown tour in Illinois!
I always wondered what it would be like to live in a sauna.
Thanks much for the #FF mention, I see you one #FF and I raise you one "have a good weekend."
Spending the day in New Jersey meeting with potential clients on projects. A great week of discovery and design sessions with clients.
Want to check out the contest venue? Join me tomorrow 9 am for MD Advanced TM at VA hospital.
I'm out this BITCH
uh no but thanks.
It's true when they say the nice guy finishes last but the winner always fucks up & that's when I will be patiently waiting with a grin 😏
Helium is dah best
S/O to for being the worst texter in the world
I love Floyd Mayweather. I find his ability to back up his overconfident trash talk very appealing.
#Summer2012 im ready for ya :)
<3 RT you brighten everyone's life that you meet, and don't let anyone tell you any different!
I kinda wonder why you are so Distant... I didn't do anything wrong did I? Maybe it's the fact that it matters to Me at all...
Von Trapp family?
Only a few appointments left for the spa week specials!!! Book your appointments soon! Now through Oct. 29!!!
UP NORTH IS IN!WERE ADVANCING TO COMPETE FOR THE THE HOG HOUSE BAND SPOT!!!THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR VOTING!!!!!!!
What if 10% of the workforce could work from home. What would be the impact on the #environment and the price of #oil?
Congrats to the best player in the NBA as of now, !!
On my way to Baltimore in the snow for some singing :-)
Every man is gulity of the good he didn't do.- Voltaire (French satirist, essayist, and historian, 1694-1778)
Damn you Trebek!
Catch the models of at club aurora with alley boy performing live on february 24th
Anyone have big plans for tomorrow?
Singing a late mass today, then straight downtown for the last concert of the weekend. Then straight to load-in for Drowsy!
put a map of florida on there!
At the #EAMaddenNFL13 QB Generation NEXT event. All these pics of QB's making me twitch!
Hm dominicans or puerto ricans???
Hm new tattoo in the the short future?
No problem! Hopefully, you'll get something through Indy again soon!
seriously, I've never toiled over so few words!
yeah I'm using it for work and play... It will be used every day
Tennis Forum: What kind of tennis racket to choose? | Miscellaneos ...
Start checking into U-Swirl to get all of the perks of being mayor, including #FREE yogurt on Mondays for Mayor Monday!
OH: He doesn't like Wookies on Old MacDonald's Farm, but Ewoks are ok.
New running shoes are the best! Which ones did you go with?
I like the theory that there are both depending on level of infection or level of decay. Both are scary in their own right.
thanx again bro
Well, that is the dominate spelling. I hope they won't loose points because of mistake's like that.
what video editing software did/do you use for your video interviews?
Sorry, been off Twitter for a couple of days. Are you doing one of the master classes at this summer's conference?
Bosson: Why should we approve a map that has political bias?
Who the fuck wrote all this weird shit on me
Fill in the blank: My main goal this weeked is to _________.
And hold me tight, don't let me breathe. Feeling like you won't believe.
Looking for estimate on your remodel project, new custom home, commercial property, or a handyman project....give us a call. (505) 379-2763
Haha, but no find someone to go with because when its over you're gonna need someone to talk about how awesome it was (;
They know their jobs are secure because LA and Franzke are too coarse for TV.
Do you know ? sounds like: gimmick. Actually IS: poetry of the highest caliber. For free. We recommend you subscribe posthaste
Look for someone who is not only proud to have you. But will also risk anything just to keep you.
Someone please help me! I need help with getting my friend to not kill herself!! Shes been getting bullied n wants to kill herself!:( help!!
This girl over here say Nicki is way better than Beyonce.. If Nicki is better than Beyonce then Kesha sings better than Gaga. Delusional.
You and Morrissey definitely had something to do with it.
In the woods listining to the birds and the crickets watching the foxes n deer play
haha!! I love their faces when they get caught!
Thank you! Hope you enjoyed it.
impressive move. Very nice
we will most certainly try. Thanks!
i feel like shit when it comes to thinking
PLEASE JOIN US TODAY for our 1 year anniversary! FREE GRAB BAG worth over $25 with $30 donation! Full Updated Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy :)
I need you to call me today please it is important
want Droid Bionic
Prayed for the conference this AM
I think we can survive tonight. But another 2 games I can't guarantee.
No matter how hard you try honey it's just never gonna happen
love you too :)
Im jason nice 2 meet u
It's sad that my break from my political science paper is to write a lesson plan. Gross. sometimes I really hate school
- Frame that one and save it for a rainy day. haha
... biking to the ballet? Why not?
I'm going to memphis. Yes, I finnaly get to go to Beale street again
They just do what's "cool".
how bout these dogs fukkin jack..... hmph
I believe the couch has ingulfed her!
i would love to see pics
Yep, nice to know your efforts are appreciated!
count me in for 4. Will pay you at the stadium when we get there. Sound good?
Biting into his gum he just got from mom my brother says "m it's almost like food" hahaha
Happy birthday to t$'s lil sis
just did thanks!!!!
that sucks :///
after everything you posted, I just have to say: you are real! Not many like you that call it out like that!
Tweeties: please know that twitter is sending "promoted" tweets on my acct I do NOT endorse Scott Walker
Using pink(?) in a web design for the very first time. Black, grey + pink. I NEVER use pink. Ever. I'm strangely satisfied though...
RT : You will find as you grow older that courage is the rarest of all qualities to be found in public life ~ Benjamin Disraeli
Seriously, if ppl really care about the environment& social equality,how come it's impossible to get anywhere without car in some US cities?
Tonight's original musical from Suggestical!: A Night at Applebees!
Woah, thats hella far! Ehh, i'll tell them to keep an eye out for you. They are 2 muralists ptg down there.
I will only get better
Share away - great stuff!
Such a long-ish day too 😥😢
“: Big happy bday to the master of the puerto rican strap match, #itsthebest” -Don't forget ladder match specialist
Such a fun weekend with ! So bittersweet to bid farewell to , but I can't wait to see him on iCarly!!!
Congrats on their Awards noms! Best Group Video, Keep Me In Mind & Best Collaboration w/ , Knee Deep
Is it Friday yet? Meh
Do your #lunch plans include a #senior today? Eating alone has a negative impact on seniors' health.
couldve only been better with an ISA and a S1NISTOR
Hopefully Danny Granger won't mind signing our photog 's overtime sheet today.
: If you got the extra tag SAVE IT
- yeah...it was mediocre at best.
I Love more than #YOU xaxaxa
Any one appossed to me and Cj goin to prom say I. ??
thats hot! I can only imagine
There are doers and there are complainers about how the doers are doing it.
are your gluten free packs also dairy free? I'm gluten and dairy free
should be the beginning of cool stuff to come.
Wouldn't it be great if we could vote tomorrow, avoid the next 9 months of campaigning & get on with it? I'm ready to cast my ballot!
#fabulousfriday follow onetime for love let's get it!!!!!!!! Angels love you girls extra work we have to put in this year #old ...
I dont think jason richardson has played this good since bein at mich state
Today is the 1st day of Spring 2012. What will you do different today?
Follow me Tysoon x
Here's a few quick comments on how I feel about some NFL Draft players, coming up:
": Nigga shot at me and missed , know da lord blessed him !"
Now I'll actually have time for a job! Yuh!
Tweet of the Day: "Don't worry about the world ending today. It's already tomorrow in Australia!"
I don't know, but it's provocative.
hi there. Im good. Just on FB and seein whats up
Is this your first season watching baseball?
The brothers and I will be assembling this evening for
I have a serious question for all my twitter followers... New York Giants, or 'NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS(:'?
#Aliyah is and will always be #inmyeyes #idol #inspiration #truebeauty she left me w a hole in ma heart
This is ugly, man
my little brother came down stairs, seen Hollie Cavanagh on #idol. & said she was 'real sexy'. lol, made my night.
haha.. That's fantastic!
Sorry to hear that. I'm tied up, but I'll email you ASAP!
bubba watson good game man you deserve it your awesome!
YES! I'm so happy you liked it.
i missed out on a #teamawkward convo?!?!?!?! not surprised. i suck. howdy yall
"Disneyland will forever be our magical spot because that's where my dream came true.. You." HAHA. So deep. &Ironic how I'm going today!
new hashtag idea. Its called the #jesstweet. This is when you hate people or complain in general
"cheney gets a heart" is more newsworthy to me than "cheney gets a heart transplant." amazing america survived his heartless reign.
i say we get the breaking news out of the way before the morning meetings. ;)
RT : RT : Thanks for those hugs Aoede!! :) You got it Herb!! It was a lovely anniversary wknd w fam & friends in Jenner-U?
Thanks! Is NLM in the same space as TEI or are they orthogonal? I'm (obviously) new to the subject.
#TodayImWearing my heart on my sleeve, just like Our Hero.
just shake ya rump
I'd like to meet the man who invented sex and see what he's working on now. ~Author Unknown
I know! Awesome and just a little bit scary. You should totally do it! :)
He's not worth it if he constantly leaves you sad
I shouldnt have smoked....i have to work at 4 imma be so tired
Yum that sounds amazing! Hummus is definitely my new food addiction
Woman says wait for the Christmas lights - Owen Sound Sun Times Woman says wait for the Christmas lights Owen Sound Sun Times An Owen Sou
Lathum why are you wearing a batman mask..
Who ever say she a nine and she mine I'm a take her to a newer level..
Destiny can eat shit and die.
How did I live before I met ?! Despite the fact he doesn't live in MIlwaukee he's for sure day 24's WONDERFUL
Building the set of Top Dog Underdog will be a hassle this weekend -_-
“: #SomeoneIWantToMeet ~>” -- Good Morning Ben! 😊☀
Sounds fun. lol
I know I miss you too! (: Are you staying now?!
Watching chronicle
Cheap food is an illusion
and she doesnt have one at all
wats good bro' how u been man!
Congratulations Leah and on your new arrival! Continued blessings!
He's re-emerged in mass media?
Oatlands Plantation BBQ and music event Sunday 1-3. The trees should be colorful by then. Official #photos of the event forthcoming
Good answer!
...Dalmatian. ER. SO GORGEOUS!!! I LOVE THEIR HIGH NOTES! AND AND AND...WHY DID THE NURSE HAVE HER LIPS ON MY OPPA? Did she murder them?
haha, that sushi was so good.
cosmetics is not a gazillion dollar industry for nothing. sorry, reality sucks, huh?
"There is a zone of nonbeing, an extraordinarily sterile & arid region, an utterly naked declivity where an authentic upheaval can be born"
Hey I love the new opening montage of fight footage.
Laying in bed ,talking to my husband .
Never seen the mall so busy on a Tuesday afternoon :D
yea yea wat u said lls
T2: I read a report somewhere with an HIE admin who said he's seeing some ACOs reluctant to share the data they work hard to obtain
i copy edit so many of my text messages.
No idea what a "Hispanic themes routine" means but Skins cheerleaders will be doing one next game.
Thank you! RT " Best wishes on your work to stop vaccine preventable diseases."
you scared the crap out of me when I saw you followed me. Thanks for giving me a heart attack! xD
8 more days of school! (: Can't wait for this summer!
why would you not just get a laptop? ;)
's dad knows 2 of the Hanson kids... actually their adults now w/ multiple kids... but their still hip!
Come join us at the Sutton Center Parlor at 10:30 #LTNY - what's driving and influencing matter costs and legal spend... +an iPad drawing
My Hair Was So Frizzy :(
Learning is education given to kids by force... according to one of my students... wow!
oh sorry to hear. Hope Kev likes it.
Yeah, not exactly a master of the long game. Not sure it was about Tal Law; replacement law seemed possible before all this.
OH NO!!! RT : Royals put Yuniesky Betancourt (ankle) on disabled list."
Great info graphic! Do you have beta-access to their graphic lab or did you make that yourself?
My throat hurts /:
Busch Gardens tomorrow ;D
[VIDEO]Preezy of the United Steezy: “When your name is Barack Obama it’s always tight”- May 16, 2012
Overheard on the Hill: "forget the birther issue, I want to know what happened to Seamus!"
Thx for your follow, too! I look forward to reading more of your articles; collections are great story material!
I didn't even say good morning twitter
Im proud to be a DETROIT rap artist
Looking for a DC #photographer who might be interested in attending an event & eating/drinking for free in exchange for a few photos?
Yes, on average that is so. But for some people in our country, their school is awful, their income is much reduced.
Thank all y'all that came to last night show we killed it ......... Brohydemusic. 2012 Let's get Money!!!!
I am stalking the progress of my iphone, currently it's in Louisville, KY?!?! Hurry, I need you tomorrow!!
Using for the library: creating boards to inspire possible Reference Area redesign.
got money for christmas thats all i ever get ;)
College completion agenda will fall short if #equity is not part of the picture.
haha i would if u was at the house
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no use being a damn fool about it. W.C. Fields -
tomorrow also
You're in Niles? I thought you were in Rogers Park?
Life is weird, isn't it? Buckle up.
a midterm, lecture, a lab, and a problem set. definitely looking foreward to all the physics I'm doing today
Haha thanks. Glad to meet you.
I really just wanna inform Mr.Rodgers and get the "ok" to do certain things.
Huge sweep for over Tri City #whlfinal here we come!
Good morning to you. Thank you,I pray you have a great day as well :)
I seriously want a cheeseburger
whack LOL thats y it didn't last long
listen to
RT : Create a career for yourself... Not a job #LetsWork<yeszir pimp
Management is nothing more than motivating other people. – Le Iacocca
I'm loving 's new intro - LMFAO party rock!
RT ApeVazi: RT IntriguingFacts: #IntriguingFacts For beer commercials, they add liquid detergent to the beer to make it foam more.
How much do I have to beg God to let you stay in my life?
Why be a plane man when you can be super? Love that!
I live by YOGO = You Obey God Only
I just earned the Global Domination badge on #Yelp!
& i didnt do anythingg .. #hesatrip ;( maybe he'll believe me this weekend.
correction. I just replied. lol
C'est un bien pour un mal (It’s a blessing in disguise)
how about getting this on normal TV? Not a fan of waiting until this afternoon...
Belated thanks for the RT!
Join for #adchat tonight at 8pm EST. Make sure to follow and use the #adchat hashtag to join in!
I don't know! After seeing their audition videos, I'm so confused too!!
#Edcampme attendees don't forget to bring your own water bottle and coffee mug! We're being green'
you help me write... and clean.
My pleasure! Thanks for being you, and being awesome!! and I had a great time. See you soon!!!
Merry Christmas! It's lightly snowing here in Newport, RI. Where are you?
You're welcome c: <3
I am working at 530 K...maybe a #happyhour?
Tip of the day: the internet.
Good advice, lol
HAHAHA. Oh the joys technology has brought us.
dude, you have a lot of bugs in your house. I'm scared.
seeking a DP for a music video. There is some pay. Email me at
Ha! Love it RT : One of us over here (who shall remain nameless) wore Rocket Dogs for about 4 years too long.
I'm extremely thrilled about the free car wash. Thanks, rain!
I always enjoy life
If you've started using Pinterest, there are some things to be aware of (especially around the copyright responsibility):...
3 State Senators in WI being recalled will be scared when they see the numbers come in on Tuesday.
god damnit I wish I had realized that was an option. Somehow I KNEW there was no way you could have done all this shit though
I love that place! Great food! -- kalalindsey (). We miss you Kala!!
I'm down to kick some butt
damn that's not bad..
6. School. Days. Left!
What's YOUR motivation?
how we love the Pigeon in my house! A new book is a treasure.
What a great fucking ending to a even fucking greater day.
ha, are you in 432?
Waking those up who sleeping on me. Every year i get stronger and my fan base grow longer.
IZve been working
Discounts for Unemployed and Students. Learn SEO for only $100 at www.SEOSeminarLosAngeles.com Oct 15th in Santa Monica
If I could go back to that day I met u I would walk the other way u destroyed my pride for like a year or so
You're great either way.
OH: this is like Cheesecake Factory good
Thanks for the follow!!
just started TELL THE WOLVES I'M HOME so can't say much, but it's looking good
morning ms Ga
Thxs. How are you doing? I would really love to speak to you some time soon. Have a great Sunday
sluggish route running -- the wide outs look a little dazed.
Yeah , ! I Heard It Someone Told Me . Because When The Cops Came I Began Walking And The Cops Been Driving Around A Lott
Kill me.
What's New?
I'm watching middle schoolers play flag rugby which really just looks like a lousy game of catch.
'I wanna fuh (la la la la) you like an animal!' Yeah, didn't work for me either.
He was a brilliant Journalist, who fought hard to defend our rights.He was also a kind, caring man. He called my dying Mom.
braces fucking make my teeth hurt! ohwhale -,-
thanks for the shout! Great to see you, too!
well you know that gets good ratings. so it's hard to tell what it's really like. no flooding yet?
The Taliban had banned TV in Afghanistan back in the day 20 years ago
"soccer baseball" sounds so cute. If they had called it that when I was in school, maybe I'd been picked first stead of last!
Talking behind my back is like I always say- talk to my ass
Driving around. Egging the town. Always got my windows rolled down.
if you dont like one thing about someone every thing else they do starts to piss you tf off for no reason
Jack Flowers from the Boondocks?
"I kind of blame Hot Topic in a way."
Are these vocals going to be on a CD released 'soon'?
Right?!!? So jealous!! She looks amazing - and that word doesn't even do it justice!
I know. Tell me about it :)
Seriously check out !! They are so refreshing to hear!!! They could be huge!!! :D <3
She DISRESPECT'S my friends then I lost all my RESPECT for her i'm srry for sayin dat!!
Shades of Grey romanticizes sadism & brutality. A horrible message! Too many women at abuse shelters, killed by boyfriends and husbands.
Lol , me & your dad need to have a chat , Like everyone needs a phone now days !
I am biased, I know :)
We would be honored to go! We promise to behave :)
Received a thank you note from a wedding I went to in July yesterday. I bet it didnt take you 9 months to spend the gift card.
Our #Android version is being submitted to the marketplace this weekend! #ModelUN WIN
awesome! thanks for letting us know :)
LMAO! "Bubble accessory"! I love it.
planning a bigger #barcampabq for 2012 - probably Feb. Come down for that!
#NBA Seems like the PG's in the skills event could be playing a bit harder.. They are playing for a kid it should be full effort..
What is the name of that video??
No never heard of it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA it's LIFE you dumbass!!!!!!!! Not light!!!
Just got back from Chicago... Man,... what a Breeze...!
RT : Chewing gum has been proven to improve a person's mood, while decreasing anxiety and stress.
Show de carnes.
": if u dont know by now beefing on twitter will get yo ass beat druged out the house stomped and put on world star lmao"
LOL Thanks Vince
If you wish your merit to be known, acknowledge that of other people.-Proverb
So stoked for Saturday, but I still gotta sell 2 tickets...
Heading to the Grand Piano Bistro for some YPC networking!
i would so love to be justin biebers co-star in a music video..pfft i could totally pull off the pocahontas look
are you in So Cal all weekend? I'll be in Los Angeles Friday night.
RT When you see Santa , Snowmen, wreaths, ...remember the true meaning of Christmas.....Tim Tebow !.. U mean !
-Hugs You- Are you okay EJ?!?
Be on the lookout for & her video camera--participate in our latest membership video by telling her why you joined TLA!
Hey I love you booboo ^.^
Gonna get home just in time for the Celtics!
haha she drives me nuts!
Jamie Oliver: obesity responsible for 10% of all health bills in US.--->smoking accounts for ~7%. I want a damn Twinkie tax!
Weather is Fabulous Today for a Rooftop Happy Hour at Eden Lounge. Join Carl & I for the best Grown & Sexy happy hour. Doors open at 5pm
Well-written! My advise? Don't wait 4 teachers. Policy is no hitting=visual. Girl abuse=verbal. Hard 4 them 2 recognize this.
working on making a small backlog of blog posts... Hopefully I'll have a blog (maybe a pinterest) in a week or so.... hmm.
Love the birthday wishes from friends! Special thanks to my BFF for her presents!
Having Tacos for supper. I always get yelled at for putting to much meat on my taco. -.-
Im your 100th follower!
June 14th. I think it's a Thursday..
I realize everybody is watching "Idol," but there's a very interesting program on NBC about brain injury in girls soccer.
had a great day watching my daughter perform on Main Street and went to my great uncle's 70th BDay party
The toilets are so nice that I just crapped on the floor next to the sink.
Don't forget coffee time tomorrow, Wed at 10am. I'll be there, will you?
Getting some food!(:
Almost 1000 words in this book review. I'll probably end up at 2000 and have to cut 500-700, but ... half done!
God is in Control, He is always Sovereign! Lord guide my Steps...
There have been so may great interviews with San Diego's art world leaders and leaders from AFTA and the business community. Coming soon!
At Jett Foundation event at Alma Nove, so many inspirational women: Christine McSherry, Christie Coombs, Marianne Leone, Dot Aufiero.
I can't stand your video yesterday (Day 90) SOO CUTE!!:)
Glittery Jewerly any type of jewerly
We are making a music video for a pretty big band on an island right now
absolutely. newt can articulate issues of the day in a way the mainstream media does not want the american people to hear.
I wanna b like u when I grow up
am i ever concerned w/ any other type of pie?!?! This is not a day for fish tacos my friend
Thanks for asking... Our 11.12 season will be announced February 13th! So stay tuned!
It's a raspberry cosmo kind of night
Congrats! What a gorgeous cover. Certainly does make me feel like dancing!
o.O really? Me too.
Nice to meet Bryan today! We appreciate your business and we'll be in soon for lunch!
Giants or Patriots?
": yes sir, party hard" that's too bad I'm on strict regimen...
found 1 CW soldier's receipt for his discharge papers sewn with a few stitches down the middle where the paper had ripped...
I LOVE
bitch hell naw give him a cake ima slap yo ugly ass...
they should do a teen hoot reunion
guess this means i just have to go back to work, sigh
follow> he's is a real man and gentleman
Afternoon bowl. 💚
aw twitpic!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS from Gail Boyd Artist Management! www.gailboyd.com
na, I'm three behind. I did zip through the whole first season of #Suits. Wow was that amazing!!
Being an only child must suck... I mean, you have no one to blame for what you did.
Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie Engaged: Timeline And Photos Of Their Romance ... - International Business Times
but for under $3k for a sweet cam and a few lenses is awesome.
Calm down. Slow down. Playing with food is funner than gobbling it down.
Colton did an amazing job tonight. I'm so proud of him. keep doing what you're doing baby, I cried.
Tonight, Thursday, 7pm: No One Knows About Persian Cats It's about an Iranian band, was shot secretly, and is not a doc!
T's Place + BBE= A Good Ass Night!!!
It is wonderful! 70 degrees and awesome pretty much all the time!
My wife just told my 10 year old boy,"If you don't go to bed, Sandusky is gonna get you!" he ran like he'd seen a ghost or the boogie man...
One more hour.
so could the twin apparently..
I has fun chatting with you today... Let's do it again soon!
Still thinking about getting drunk tonight too >.< lmao
Have a nice week everyone!!
i like paul at super welter/jr middle but i like how he want one of the Mexican Champs and no parts of James Kirkland
i find steps does better while i'm sbing delpo and ivo.
Fathers day and video game/movie day
He said, "Boy if you'd left me alone, right now I'd be fishin"
Tennis anyone
The show will end. The boys will go solo. There'll be no more 'band'. But one thing's for sure, I won't stop supporting the BTR guys. <3
feeling beat up and that I can't do anything right today. Hate days like this.
I'm more of a "friend" anyways.
Just loving someone exactly how they are in each moment. That's freedom
I have a boyfriend, sorry.
Another win for SU football! Congrats <3 u!
I'm crying! They won! :D
Thanks for the #FOLLOW you know the gurl
HEY! If you like 1D please follow for funny One Direction tweets! We're a new twitter just getting started!
I used to give a fxck, Now I give a fxck less!!
Starting to think my moms right..
This game is intense!! Great job by OKC!!!
we shop there weekly
Its here
im trying to get a hold ofmy elmentry school teacher shes very nice
Stacy Wolf puts hit songs from 60s musicals back into the bodies and voices of the women who sang them on stage.
demi tour dates please :-)
whoops, #fatfingers. RT "Talking to survivor of #cruise shit crash, it sounds so scary on board that ship"
check your inbox ;)
Whaaatt? My 20thh???? RT : my BDAY Sunday too! Make sure it's cute when I walk in lol
LOOKING 4, FIELD GOAL 24 BABY!!!!
Gotta C in Human Geo. . Smh. Idgaf no more.
My grandson shot his first deer & my granddaughter got a new puppy. It was an exciting time at my house last night. Have a good day everyone
What to do, what to do.
YES! ED! WHEN YOU'RE IN INDIANA NEXT WEEKEND, COME LEEDLE WITH US AT STARBUCKS <3
Not gonna lie I've hurt some people over time, but you, I don't even know what I did to you.
I have more info at work if you want it-- on the austin project that is
HOW'S MY BFF......AND HER PRETTY MOMMY????
The browns have a hard a** schedule this year!!! **screaming go browns**
Things Are Good...You?
Paul Rand kicks Milton Glaser's butt
:) Love you guys too.
your still in sschool?
idk hes sleeping in his room right now
you're not following me. :/
oh snap! Which video?!
Try this again. Night friends! xoxo
Hello #blogchat. Everyone ready for the last week before Christmas?
Thank you! i guess becuz i wont go to PR tom, and i go when am sick or worse! just need me time!
Trip over love, you can get up. Fall in love and you fall forever.
RT : Big congrats to and all at and on today's news! See you guys at #DrupalCon!
me too gorl. is that you in your icon? c:
Alera Wing Back Swivel and Tilt Chair, Mahogany Finish/Oxblood ...
well u have more in in your mouth that u have to swallow
Happy Halloween!
what the hell
i wish i could go to the mall without going to the mall.
Y'all if u want ur tweets sent to my phone just RT this :)
3 of my shows had their season finales today ;__;
Our Wild Workouts & Wellness T-Shirts are only $12.00! People love them! Pick one up next time you are in!
I Have Headache From All Of The Freaking Bull Crap I've Been Putting Up w. Lately.. Like With No Due Respect FUCK EVERYBODY. Yea, I Said It.
HELLO! Everyone how r u?
You may also qualify for help from a home ownership scheme.
Such an awesome day at work!
Feeling horrible. Can't wait to sleep.
It's an absolute gorgeous day in #SF! How are you spending it?
it will be worth the wait :))
where were you tonight?
i love you andrew <3
A black woman told me I was the first white boy she has seen that could fill the ass of a pair of cargo paints. Booyah.
A little Face to Face tonight for ya? Good man. Give Trever my regards.
Running about 10 minutes late.... Thats about right.
Why do I even bother ,,,,,
got that right
John Witherspoon~ Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.
my pleasure and cheers...
Just found out our song "Close Your Eyes" was featured on MTV's Fresh Meat 2. episode 5 @ Danny & Sandy's challenge :)
people need to start tweeting! next time I pull down my timeline I better see some CREATIVE ASS SHIT! :)
Anyone know of a badass/professional meeting space in Baton Rouge that fits 50 ppl?
I want to see you. Let get outta here.
Now I can't go back to sleep D:
there's a difference between war & genocide, people.
I think I know what I'm doing on 9/23 RT : #RVA's first half-iron distance tri! Registration now open.
u get my DM fool?
We can do all things through Christ who strengthens us..
GOODMORNING i know im late lol
as promised, two new interviews up today! one in 30, and one later today. amazing bands you won't wanna miss.
i don't think you understand the amount of despise and hate i have for the yankees - mr.rust
I had a dream i was going to have a bad Sunday Morning and right when i wake up my mom is telling me to get ready for church at 6 am
Type Chris Bosh into Google and look at the suggestions - top ones are Twitter, Gay, and Flop.
here's a few from some kids ive worked with
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 2
this is your gayest tweet yet. thank you for the breaking news.
Your Welcome!
No pain in my cervical spine, first time in 19 years. Thanks to
all hoes aint sweet they messy mane
& Merry Christmas to you as well.
The drive from Minneapolis to Norwood Young America would be infinitely better on a Harley. I should get on that....
On tumblr right now for all the wrong reasons
My apt complex tried to say my car registration was out dated and would tow it...maybe they should get the correct tag and state next time
The most annoying sound in the world? Loud, obnoxious, Southern girls on an airplane.
Time to shoot you some stl r&b. Let's work
Sure. I don't know if would be there for ya though. ;-)
For the NCAA Tournament to date our projected data is - ML 80% ATS 61% Totals 68%
The flight attendants thought I was either distraught or never been in first class. Well it was the former
oh yeah n u know we fux wit u allday sis
About to head to Yankee Stadium for the BIG 4: Metallica, Slayer, Megadeth and Anthrax. Oh my! Pray for me. :)
first time I've ever heard our success attributed to isbn! Seems preposterous to me. Care to explain?
and I don't want to see any excuses for this team's performance from Knick Fans let's save it
“: RT what's up RNGeezies??!?! Should we uStream tonight?? :D” YES
Lets hope its a ice cream bar...
Making new friends with neighbors! Yay! :]
awsome we out here getting it these niggas need to get it right bout to turn superman to litte boy spittin kryptonight
A majority of Facebook users fall into the 18 to 25 and 26 to 34 age groups followed by the 13 to 17 and 35 to 44 age groups.
Jason Price asks, do we need title lists? What the heck abt these lists? Who sees value? Pubs apparently dont. Interesting light talk
So you're going to root for the Clippers? Good luck with that. cc:
I'm not messing with no more boats -__-
lmao syllabus says paper and PowerPoint ha
mahn!! this summer is almost over.. no more sleeping in ! but this summer was fun:)
I'm so excited for you to be here and experience the Portland office. Can't wait to see you, Mall-roy!
no, but a couple people did. oh well...I survived.
J'Nan: It's like a trap. If someone pulls a gun & you don't have one, what are you going to do? And if you do and you get pulled over?
And just as we have borne the likeness of the earthly man, so shall we bear the likeness of the man from heaven. 1 Corinthians 15:49
You've never had a California burrito!? They are my favorite.
Today in Literary History: On March 16, 1850 Nathaniel Hawthorne's novel THE SCARLET LETTER was published.
wanna hear Champagne & Chickenheadz
Ralph's great grocery store on 9th & Hope
awesome! When ya back?
Life seems to be exactly the way we see it at the moment. It is necessary to change their ideas, as immediately and will change lives ...
DAMN THAT POP SICKLE WAS EVERYTHING!!!
thanks a lot!
the devil wears prada
Its almost my birthday :) its on wednesay
you and JB are doing that tour??
HFC has successfully completed the TOEFL iBT process and is ready to deliver the TOEFL iBT exam.for more information call 703-5220005
just got home from watching the ringling brothers<3
lol you are making it on your own just fine. I'm only here to keep you from hitting your head in the doorway. Make sense?
Just shoot me an email when you get it laid out. Looking forward to hearing it soon.
Clear & cold overnight with temps around 30 degrees. Partly to mostly sunny & a bit breezy for Christmas Day with highs in the mid-40s.
#ifonlyicould stop loving you.. Easier said than done.
I need the help of the #BBN! My wife needs to get off the couch and get things done but I can't get her up off the couch!
: Yay! Many thanks!
I'm still sorta in love with Adam Duritz after all these years
They win tonight and the #Caps need to definitely do what they can to keep both Semin and Green
psst. i'm sort of hoping she does win it. and gets back to winning a bit. am cautiously hoping. not optimistic, just hoping.
hey you!! Think I saw you at the mall the other day. Would love to catch up sometime soon! :)
Realized that even though the Indians top their division and the Sox bottom theirs, they've won the same # of games. I hate competition.
All Dogs Go On the Roof
hopefully for spring finals I'll get to study at instead.
Another day in Los Angeles, no matter how many times I come here I can never get used to it
First Rule in Life. Trust no one !
Please say a prayer for all of those struggling with eating disorders, self harm, mood disorders, and substance abuse.
come on. An 8 year old is battling cancer right now and all she wants is to meet you.
Why would they do Katrina's hair like Adele's?? Stop it.
Get out of debt & stay out of debt. Living a debt-free life is healthy for you financially & healthy for your marriage.
I was very sad to hear that Moebius died on Saturday. I loved every bit of his work.
If the sun stopped shining suddenly, it would take eight minutes for people on earth to be aware of the fact.
Amanda Knox, you know there is just some ways you can tell when a person is guilty or not, Amanda if I was on that jury, you're NOT GUILTY!
M bagels from Panera Bread = amazing breakfast. ^_^
like your photo
Putting it out there...I need more voice work.
Here's how you know if you're ready 4 this #musiclife.. if you're not asking to urself "what if I don't make back the money I'm investing?"
Very fascinating (and blood-boiling) read: "The End of America" by Naomi Wolf. It's also a documentary. Not for people with heart conditions
thanks for the follow. I love your black and white of Snoop.
Intro to Lindy Hop, part II - tonight! We had record attendance last week. We're gonna finish up the swing out & then on to cool moves!
Standing in hail--I love it!
great, thanks for the info! I have put my registration for #sta2011 in the mail.
Well Packers fans who thought last week's game was a tough way to end the season, at least they didn't lose like the teams did today, wow
craigslist can be crazy at times. Check out roommates.com I've had better luck there
tough loss for man!
Workaholics never gets old.
Thanks to for the follow. Text messaging can be a great way to enhance guest experience. Ask us how! 918-271-0062
Develop 10-week modules on popular topics - such as alternative energy. Impt for them to be able to communicate with their families
this trend was all fun and games but forreal #fuccyoumean #itsokaytocheatif?
Excited for my audition tomorrow in Tally.
#incaseyoudidntknow is the founder/runner of Go follow me ;)
Can't wait for #KnightLife - need to work it out on the dancefloor! /via
Some people are always grumblin because roses have thorns
says Jets GM Tannenbaum will aggressively go after lefty backup QB...Mark Sanchez, Tim Tebow and Kellen Moore?
Thx! RT : Top 25 Minority Execs in Healthcare recognizes chief medical info officer - Congrats Geeta!!
Another good production meeting!
my brother is behind the times...He doesn't know his address...He is an odd ball, but I love him!
It is never too late to be who you might have been
Thanks I do feel much better today :))
: I didn't hear anything she said after that.
You, too. It looks like fun!
Come back soon!! Chicago misses you already! :) <21
ive been busy and havent had time to think of a come back, but this is not over
Second Harvest Foodbank is in need of volunteers. Seeking help year round for food sorting & repacking! If you can help call 216-7214
Thank u so so much for following me I luv u! Ur my hero! I look up u! Ur what keeps me going!
I want
MEXICAN MAHOMIES LOVES YOU WE NEED TO COME TO MEXICO PLEASE PLEASE #AustinInMexico :D
at least one habbel gets it
Great day at Be Well Walk yesterday! Thanks to all walkers and Michael & Susan Dell Foundation. Lovin' LadyBird Lake!
Is anyone else having a issue with Facebook loading this morning? I have tried both of my accounts and cant get either one loaded.
Gonna miss you boo <3 Have a safe flight :)
follow back
what kind of dicks have you been looking at??
Over being sober
thank you!
I was a little
Ahh an R2 that doesn't get stuck x) woo
On a New York subway you get fined for spitting, but you can throw up for nothing. – Lewis Grizzard
i still think about this all the time - hm & 2 fountains to choose from! I'll give an email!
You're welcome!
I'm on a list that sends insights into what's going on developmentally with my baby.Today "Your clever toddler in week 56: Wary of robots."
Who's got some new music for us to listen to?
Where are you guys watching the Caps game?! Trying to figure out a post-crawfish plan before I'm too blitzed to coordinate.
#Savoy had a really good turn out tonight...no drama or bull shit! ONE TIME FOR PITTSBURGH! WE RUN THIS!!
Amazing TWITTER deal. 50% off @ The Clifton Inn for dinner tonight and tomorrow !!!!! Call now 434 971 1800 for reservations
Thousands gathered at the rally demanding justice for Trayvon Martin in downtown DC. Inspiring...
Modern medicine has already discovered that love increases the human immune response. Create more love everyday.
One Fish. Two Fish. Red Fish. Blue Fish.
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now?
What the Muslim Brotherhood Stands For
Interim Police Chief offers to help protectors get to Port of Oakland as long as they are peacefully
“: You can tell I'm not a basketball girl, I just asked what world peace was lol” 😳😳 lmao Shay!!!! #smh haha
This day has been great! #STATECHAMPS :)
There are a lot of people here! When are you coming?
Really bad accident at NE 42nd and Columbia.
I guess it's going to be one of those days.
Just passed 8k tweets...:)
Keep up the great work in your jiu jitsu! 12-0. Wow! We've added grappling to our Battle of Atlanta 43. See www.Sportjujitsu.
watchin tv with mom and dad.....oh what fun!
Validation of awesomeness tonight with ! Remember how cool we are, lady? ;)
Spent the past week in the Hamptons with my sister and 3-yo nephew, Of to NYC tomorrow for a few days of urban culture.
favorite girl I know its old but its my favorite song ever
hey, now.
: Ha! The good ole days were 45 & 78 rpms on Turntables. BTW Western Union Telegrams were the early Twitter. :)
Just saw Julia Roberts snogging her husband on Bleecker St.
I would do anything to be able to just go run
Lyric love from our favorite photographer<3 RT: Kill your fake smiles, 'cause I'm climbing further than you'll ever reach.
yea..what said
Worst. Day. Ever! Gonna try and go to sleep. Goodnight mahomies ~Maddie
you're doing the Europa too?? See u on that stage kid
haven't seen anything, but what the word on Matheny retaining McGwire at hitting coach?
we like you the way you are :)
Architecture causes visitors to make choices
Hey there, congratulations!
Thx! Sorry missed you! Hope you enjoyed! :) RT : are you here right now? Congrats on Day One of #RISEAustin12!
RT : currency is dumb cheese to me... somebody need to steal his mic n bury it!--I'm still waitin 4 that niggas words to rhyme lol
Apparently an Arnold Palmer made with pink lemonade is called a Tiger Woods. So, there's that.
Rain or Shine.. Californos is here serving up great fall menu items - come check them out tonight!
Erin, we removed some links but the discussion function works the same as it always did. Just scroll to the bottom of the page.
tehehe good ol` tiny chat antics
I miss you a lot!!
Thank you for following!
Everyone using the #sbchat hashtag tonight will have the chance to win a copy of #WinningtheCustomer courtesy of
How is Social Media changing health care for new providers entering the field? How do new providers stay on top of changes?
Secret service for Newt and Santo? This is adding to the national debt & deficit. Wasteful spending
#whatmakesablackgirlmad When You Mess Widt Her Kids .
what about us Gooners already in NYC?
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW
-- may as well doit now, get an interim, and then have the GM hire a... oh, wait. that's right. they have no GM. oh, sigh.
please follow me!! I am such a huge fan I watch every episode of icarly and I think your gorgeous!! It would make my day!!
lets make this day count, for all u ReVestors out there put in some offers.... Don't let fear stop you!
You're super talented!!
Are u guys doing any twitter contests for One Direction?
Morning is not a good morning without a cup of coffee
Please join us.
thank you!!
is tatted the fuck up! S/0 to him tho! :)
just be you justin. the right person will come along and fall for you with that rebel spirit you have. i sure like it !!
Proud to announce that I will Clinic all 300 LAUSD Head Football Coaches on June 9th. Big Shout Out to Barbara Figge & John Aguirre
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: Half way home, so tell us your favorites #Indianabeer & #craftbeer lovers in
Conan, what is best in life?! To lie in a hammock, reading esoteric pseudo-biographies of disgraced Republican Presidents!
ha, I called them and went in to make the change and already had it entered. So they must have already called. :)
always a pleasure you bro! So happy you are back in town :)
haha. I think we all do.
will do drawing inspiration from Makers
Dear , just curious, which other of 's accomplishments will you generously offer to take credit for?
S4 with my boo !!! Drunk ready to hit the club in dallas!
Happy April Fool's Day! Hope you don't get TOO fooled! :)
Superintendent earns how much?
whats your email i wana send you some of my music
Tough Loss!! TOR ML will win your money back tonight
I thought someone took my pants in as an #aprilfools joke. Turns out, I'd just bought smaller pants.
Wait, what time do the movie starts???? Aww, dang.
< the bulls & the washigton caps.
Romney laughing at this, too. RT Log Cabin Republicans blast Obama for "callous & offensive" support for marriage equality
Hrmm... ? No? I need 2 actually speak to my friends more often. Especially now when i'm too sleepy to cook or walk 2 Sonic :)
In my opinion, the only thing worse than not peeing when you have to, is not sneezing when you have to... I've been guilty.
I need your twitter shoulder to cry on over what has happened to our team in the past few days...
Aw thanks! It has been pretty good so far but a bit tiring. I'm ready to sit down with a book. :)
Big win for TWrecks at Dexter's trivia night! Good omen for the upcoming kickball season.
rofl.....omg I love u lol
Gary Myers, NY Daily News, coming on to talk about the NYC Super Bowl in 2014! Mile High Sports, 1510
ohh, well. Won't he bring yoou? Lol nd did you ask if I could ride da bus home wiff you tomorrooww? :p
32208 try it!
Junior Lake, who singled in his first AB today, doubles home two in his second AB for TEN. Lake now hitting .345 since coming off DL
Such weird dreams....
Pretty sure half the editors in the office had -
ah!!!! time for pretty little liars!♥
Due to overwhelming capacity and interest, the talk just moved to McCormick Screening Room!
yes and yes.
Someone come over and make me food
Sunday Night Opera. Richard Strauss asks the question “Which is the greater art, poetry or music?” in his #opera Capriccio at 9pm.
aint nobody tryin to get hit with that dude hand ! #Heats vs
oh ahah okay
yea I am....I'm really sleepy this morning
i aint as good as im gonna get but im better then i used to be..
Sometimes I think my blood sugar meter is programmed to spit out completely random numbers. #bgnow 117
I never said he was an angel. Just a more complex portrait.
I think I will never watch again, you are soft on #GOP & a TEABAGGER! I will
Welcome to New York<3 :)
If you want to catchup w/ , he mentioned "cutting loose" at (I'm glad to shake him.)
I got a flat fixed there once, and I was definitely looking over my shoulder the whole time. It's across from the bus station.
. - you were awesome with this morning. Thanks for coming!
Getting ready for the weekend! Triglav home opener... kickball, Balin, Softball, Beersbee! Cant wait
Money is the motive! Haha.
Correct, but the antidote is change perception of public.Charters wrongly perceived as different,public not!
Time for the Sunday TECH updates my Twitter friends...here we go!
Not yo type?
I will visit this summer for sure!
About to head over to see the new "The Face of the Ghetto" exhibit at the UN. Pls tweet if you'll be there!
oh well i am follow u can u follow me plzzz!!!!!
Agreed. My helmet saved my life on 11th St NW 4 years ago RT I'm pro ridership, but helmets should not be optional. Sorry
it's so frustrating. i don't know why i still get my hopes up. when the other team goes on a run i get a feeling of inevitability
this move "the devil inside" sucked ass i got more scared when hulked got mad in the avengers
Anyone want a Mahoneway sub? (; -Kayla
Hope I dont see my ex on sunday
I second myself! (can I do that?)
The only motivation for resisting voter ID is fraud, sparky. “: prove it or shut up!”
its a tribute band for band guns n roses. They are usually.very good. But booze and music for me is a good combo lol
#itaintgoodsex if she cnt take it frm the back... lol. W.O.R.D.
Eatin fruity pebbles!!! :)
I've literally been hitting snooze for two and a half hours. #48HRL recovery.
Umm no 😒 RT : Black over EVERYTHING!!!!! Right !!
RT : Support the Y! Support our community! Register for our St. Patty's Day 5k, 10k or Leprechaun Chase!......
Mitt Romney makes a clean sweep today taking DC, Maryland, and Wisconsin. Would the other two just give up already?
Skeptical? RT: UNC offers lifetime digital storage to its students tinyurl.com/64ukbkx
If your a belieber, jonas fan, cody simpson fan, or SHAKE IT UP Fan go and follow he is a really cool actor
happy #Wellingversary <3 meetin u guys was so fun and i cant wait till this summer ! #3month :) love u all!
Thanks for sponsoring the 2012 CP Cal Celebration 7 last weekend! A great time had by all!
Thanks for an awesome two weeks.
Our very own is live tweeting #seapavaa16 ! We miss you Benny! Good luck on your first tweet rodeo!
answer your phone lol
heaven forbid.
Had a great 2 days @ Grandview Elem. Almost every 3-5th grade class mentioned "power" as a reason why some kids disrespect others. Awesome
I'm not sure if I can get any more tan, but I'm sure willing to try if it's going to be 80 and perfect today.
all of those guys, also jonathan eig, howard bryant, obviously laura h, jane leavy
Today public sector workers taking "industrial action." Great term for STRIKE.
I do believe I'll be going to bed a bit earlier tonight.
Uncle junior had me on some purple kush at 8 am...den had bout 10 beers...i was
In the next couple of weeks
I see, so I'm an amateur?! I guess I know where I stand! ...only kidding :)
cinnamon how would u like a lil sugar? ;)
Loss of Wilson is a huge blow to SF He was the anchor for a nasty bullpen which now has no true closer. Interested to see how they rebound.
Does Central even ever make it to playoffs?? Just asking. CC:
You follow so that you can adopt the opposing viewpoint. :-)
Hey, that girl's not wearing pants.
“The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.” -- St. Augustine
we missed you too :)
A little surprising... apparently www.peoplepoweredchange.org.uk doesn't really support people. Their money goes to nonprofits.
#Thethingis people don't know what love is anymore.
goodnight Mahomies, goodnight i love you
I am struck when I meet people who have no clue or are blind to struggling people; they are called Congress.
Lying on a bed of roses, the petals slowly fall. A new beauty with every layer, the music begins to call. - London Rose.
Thank you kindly for the shout out. We're much obliged. : )
That one person you miss with all your heart,but know he's wrong with all your mind. <3
And then I spilled beer all over the couch.
Best #CPAC Speeches:
Got my 1st ticket for a dam HOV lane ur aloud in it after 6 I was in it at 5 45 n got a 165 ticket fuk cops dicks
Haha exactly!! :) RT : And NOW I understand your Twitter handle!
good seeing you too! Congrats to your family. If you need anything while you're in town lemme know. Or even drinks/dinner.
how'd you find it? LOL.
that's right! we are your car-light, bike-friendly shoppe!
staccato riff C/C#/D/F C/C#/D second cousin descending G/F#/F/D/^D/C# G/F#/F/D/^C#
oh my god I know!
Do we have Kanban Master and XP Master certificates? We should have.
I will follow you if you follow me
Great shoot today at Curious Pictures! Why are the scenes with all the blood, guts, & torture always the most fun?!
SVT's 20th Anniversary! Will never buy a different performance vehicle!
RT : April 15th - 21st is National Volunteer week! What can we all do to change the world? I'll document and post my...
appeasing my son's love of soccer (and Messi) to let him watch #barcelona & #milan vs my
Mi One Nd Only !!!
WHEN GUYS PLAY WITH KIDS IT IS A MAJOR TURN ON....just saying.
yep they do
Blasting Katty Perry - Last Friday Night !
vansmooooock you skiing or snowboarding?
What's your favorite type of Motorcycle Helmet? Cast your vote in our poll today!
Try and Try but dont cry!
"Please hold the wedding, I need to take this call."
thanks a lot man. Wish you were here ;)
Got a call from the campaign asking me to consider her for 79th assembly...hard to vote for a board member of genocidal PP
You stole that scene Robin. Ha! Can't wait to see Saturday's episode. Lots of fun at Quality Social last night.
Andrew WK at the Rave in March? Yes please.
Here's a question for you aspiring ornithologists out there. Why does the Spoon-billed Sandpiper have a spoon-shaped bill? Give up?
follow and please :D x79
i'll take that bet
hey selena!! my aunt Arlen made your passport!! love ya! xo
People tend 2 brainstorm better,communicate more honestly & get through process more efficiently with an outside facilitator,
I want a simple and chic arm sling made by Helmut Lang
Just wanted to thank you for tonight's meeting. Very enlightening. Great presentation and great conversation!
I was unaware that employers could ask for that in the first place??
TIME FOR MORE COFFEE!!
does anyone know what's going on with Ping.fm? I haven't been able to login for weeks because of a "redirection loop" RT
that damn door don't screech nomore !
How can I get in touch with your marketing/events coordinator? Thank you much!
I love Detroit too :-)
yep for sure!
Ooh, I LOVED Barcelona. Have fun! (And Wisconsinites always seem to sniff out the Irish pubs)
I wish I was talented.
Hard to explain an SAT trick in 140 chars. Will put tricks on the website soon, even better sign up for tutoring and I'll explain in person!
La dispute has also made an apperiance in the daily musical choice of James
