so awesome! !
bro when are we chillin??
Is it just me or did the Yanks look like a tired step slow team tonight. Or to put it another way they looked OLD tonight.
#ExerciseInFutility: Time spent trying to teach dog Freida to howl on pitch.
And I always have to thank the well-named Mr. Sweet for his kindness, support, and affection for poetry, including mine.
Thanks for following ! Looking forward to sharing!
does this mean we can perform together in ninja masks? Cuz I'm down for that too...
I have trouble with the simple "Windows" concept--it just doesn't seem like a real translation to me.
All roads lead to Indy!
Boy shirts to bed >>
How can I change my account from an old biz I ran to a new one or just a personal account?
well, i don't want to brag or anything, but i am getting quite good on the uneven bars.
LMAO, sounds like a wild night!! RT : #YouMayBeALingerieModelIf you wake up and there are false eyelashes, silicone nipple cove
You still a punk ass cheap shot artist I'm sure would Agree.
Gotta new track for you guys tonight :) Spread the word friends!!!
Well you chose not to take ENT-326 with us so....
Really she tried to bring maple syrup. Bitch BYE.
it's mother's day people . Appreciate that beautiful woman .
2nite on CN|2 Sports: New C-J publisher Wes Jackson talks about new gig and how UL fans should feel with a Cat in charge of hometown paper
Watch them catchphrases, son. Don't forget the ™ at the end of "out yer filthy mouth™"
Chris sings harmonies with the radio.
Trust me , smoking is not sexy !
Come play our noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 1:40 pm.
ahahhahah good theory. I didn't think of that. What about Asian girls?!
brunchin' it up. also: getting a filing cabinet, which makes me inordinately happy.
I want my fucking phone to work 😡😡
I just registered to #vote!
i can honestly say that i've never felt more clueless... a good lesson learned that won't be forgotten
Hannah's hot
Nice - Good luck with the next few months and let me know if you make it down here to #Milwaukee!
#FYI RT : hotspacho is a euphemism for ejaculation
Jus wakin up finna get ready for this interview.. wish me luckk
Good morning Twitterverse. Have an amazing Monday!
pleasure was mine sweet lady!
....they're not cookies?
we're just entering your fine state! hopefully you'll see a tour through OH soon! cheers!
Missed Dr Sanjay Gupta's Last Heart Attack again due to Irene. Will it be shown again? Or viewed online?
Definitely! We work in a creative industry and it is all about new ideas :-)
That's Elaine's reaction to Tilly?
Ahahaha , I'll Be That ! Omg I Haven't Heard That In A Long Time .
Thanks folks
A Weds? That during the day? Would do it if after work.
and how do you feel about fantasy/science fiction?
lazy day. love it.
you are awsome you guys are my favorite band... And you are my favorite singer... Cant you follow me please.
Start boycotting theatres that don't do something about it...
On behalf of Kenziee, Kai tweets :We've got a rare item "MEGU's house" on the way of Adventure. heehaw
“: TD, i just Tebowed in my pants”
RT : You know the right answers. You know what you should do. Why don't you do it? What holds you back?
National Kiss Day and Friday the 13th? So, am I getting lucky or not?
I keep seeing Google Chrome adverts around London.
Stay safe and keep us posted - praying that these storms will just weaken - I'm over them and I know you are
Early flight to Atlanta! Will work in studio all weekend!!! Still manage to tweet and follow! Tweeter is addicting!!!
Eat plenty crunchy fresh vegetables and fruit.
No worries man - Barring a monster game from Shonn Green tomorrow, I should come away with the win.
Affirmation: I'm so grateful my life is perfect at this moment and getting better all the time!
Preparing for 3-year old's Hello Kitty birthday party this weekend. The cake is rad, btw.
Sigma Chi is supporting the Sounders in full force Jimmy Craig is in the band and Jeff Hosking is the linesman. Let's put out the Fire.
Your Youtube Thing you Said you Had a New One..?
it's silly that they don't do a better job soundproofing hotel rooms. Thankfully, my neighbors checked out this AM.
Just made my night. Michigan looses :-) and go Lehigh!
I have many cool things to share in 140 characters or less. Like a RAD photo show here in #MKE that you HAVE to see!
yeah they had a song that was on lizzie mcguire
Enjoy a Re-airing of Today's World Cup Match between USA and Algeria (Tonight at 6:30pm)
It's my birthday:D
In Las Vegas! Up already!
...no challenge, goes down easy like Cheez Whiz or Kool-Aid.
It is what you make lil buddy.. Dont catch feelings or anything jus keep it
“The people who were trying to make this world worse are not taking the day off. Why should I?” ― Bob Marley
Do work!
Aw yeah party is finally staring ;D Happy birthday to me :3
thank you.
Great to connect Bob!
We all sit around in a ring of suppose when the answer sits in the middle and knows.
I don't know where to run
do you like Cody Simpson?
On-demans 3D printing by is being used to manufacture souvenirs and send to museum visitors' homes.
trying to get my money up so I can catch up to u lol
im so hungry to eat or not to eat
Oh, Southern Nights. Brings me back to the bus in elementary school - can you tell I'm a country girl? Well done, Blake
Unfinished paintings are more admired than the finished because the artist's actual thoughts are left visible. #fine art
We are running a Feburary Special "Free Shipping"
Thanks! RT : Good tweeters
I'm going to make raw, vegan, chocolate pudding tonight!
keeping score here! Now we need a Nuggets win
100 HEALTH SNACKS UNDER 200 CALS Snacks for work, home, to eat on the go and to satisfy your sweet tooth. I haven’t gone through the whole …
I'm not perfect but I do know how to treat ppl but they judge me witout getting to know me I'm used to it now all my life ppl put me down
Also, if you don't want a stranger going through your underwear, for the love of God please EMPTY THE DRYER! #damnyou #makemefeelawkward fyl
The starting pitching, or the pen?
Its so far away but definitely worth the wait!
Watching "Drive". Is it supposed to look/feel/sound like a movie from the 80s? what's with all the Gosling hype? He's pretty, but Canadian
I was sad to leave the Chinese-speaking world after 5 months, but at least I'm still in a land of 漢字。
Tempted to post it on the library FB page.
Finally started Mad Men season 4... I'm way behind.
Girls who always wants the guy to text them first <<< stop being up your ass were not in 8th grade no more shut up
Cool, please keep me posted!
And u can run whatever offense as long as you pay attention to detail and run it well, there's different ways to live life but live it well
I'm in for the Cody Simpson video (; sounds sweet.
I don't talk a lot because I have a problem placing words in the right order..am really that basic!!
Manning to Broncos
i don't recall doing anything. You got yourself in this amber. And I'm not in this, it's between u & Alyson
Just got the phone,
But I dig.
Thank you both for a hot shoot!
#DrydenSocial was incredible! One of the best tweetups, by far! :)
hey lady got ya salami where ya want me to put it ..
He was such a jerk. I watched their 2-part wedding special, and I kept thinking "WHY?!" is she with him!
it looks like it hasnt come out yet
Hi Doak! we started off the New Year in a new place in No. Hollywood! Rebelkins gets to live here too! huggz and have a great 2012!
Will the Higgs Boson theory confirm that the Universe is made of stuff that does not exist? A massless, energyless particle explains it all.
Love it! RT DC stereotype map: bit.ly/qL1QYm
Love never dies a natural death…It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals.Anais Nin.
Real examples are always best. Thanks for the great information!
If the Celtics get 40 turnovers every body in the crowd gets a free oil change. Holy crap hold onto the ball!
I cant ignore the fact certain people r on here tonight and avoid me. Youre too cool for me.
RT Playing it safe is no longer playing it smart....i love it!
you're to good for her anywas bro. Lol
when you text me << stfu
#GOPDebate #immigration says protect US borders not those in #Iraq, #Afghanistan 2012 no #birthright citizenship
Next time we have a war, we'll be using Facebook to figure out where the enemy is!
it's today haha. Joining the 30 club.
this is just what we need - more graphic visualizations!
Awesome. We will be live-tweeting! #SherlockPBS is so much fun. ^LG
what hasn't worked: teaching mini programming courses; telling j-students to take cs course; joint appt to cs prof in jour
I'm really mad at my twitter app right now I'll be back later to see if it will work well
Atlantic Stationn with a new group-I like these ppl!
I have the boy that every girl hopes for
Cheers - thanks for the follow!
I cant tell if im about to vomit or poop a storm. I just know I dont feel good
Is at summerstage in the frontrow Case is still alive yall! waitin 4 ryan leslie
i blame n the all u can eat tacos at his grad party for what my body is feeling right now...extra ab workouts it is
What's poppin man been a while, sorry to have missed NY Tech Day. I saw a post about it on TechCrunch tho. How you been tho?
BUDGET WEEK: A budget is a statement of values and the Mass GOP's message to the Commonwealth is clear: You're on your own
I wanna spend every moment here with you, you've shown me a place I've seen but never knew.
#liber2011 Europeana strategic plan, 2011-2015: Cultivate new ways for users to participate in their cultural heritage. Not just research.
LOL..I thought you asked how long Maxs would last. This one lasts 30 min on regular or 2.5hrs on recharge
Good luck trying to find a follower out of 873 people!
i cannot stop listening to Gillian Welch nor do i want to.
Really like 'the thank you economy' by Gary Vaynerchuk. Got to be genuine! :)
You Should Follow Me and then DM me you Number <3 :)
It was great seeing you too! Come visit ASAP.
Holy shit! Just realized today was the deadline I made for myself to become the white Usher...i created the deadline yesterday.
lol yea I just cut off al my facial hair
Dear pretentious Brooklynites: time call mommy & daddy to ask for some new dicks... cuz we're RIPPING THEM OFF TONIGHT!! BRUAR FALLS, 10 PM
(Cont) but its so hot here right now well for me it is lol I want to go to the beach so bad
Finially finished the 1st novel, now to start the 2nd., what a bitter sweet victory. Thank God the screenplays are already finished...
unplugging for the weekend: no email, fb, tweets, txt, cell, skype. kindle maybe?
Least productive 1st overall draft pick. RT Q: What sports record would you most want to break?
Duh. We're all in the same gang. Haha
Death is a promise, and your life is a fucking lie.
Added to the Advisory Board: 1 from a world class Woodinville Winery and the other built the largest Angel Investor Network in the NW.
RT : #SHRM12 is where #HR not only gathers, but is where HR works.
Wedding Tip - An at-home rehearsal dinner might be a great budget idea, but keep in mind the amount of work ! Recruit volunteers!
On a mission to incorporate my Kindle Fire into my teaching, any suggestions? Tips?
lmfaoooo well I'm wearing bright ass pink toms 😁
Thx. The weekend is almost here!
mine too. I blame it on trees trying to procreate.
Home throwing up ugh
Happy that Pres. Obama finally came around on the same sex marriage issue in a clear, public way - let's see if that's followed by action!
Too funny! Gotta love live TV!
Thanks Carmen! It was great seeing you!!! :)
On an #mbta shuttle bus from maverick to orient heights that got lost.
yikes, cannot stand some people.
Your UW bath robe was straight up baller, man.
That's right! Live it, Love it, Lube it! Thanks for being a fan!
Get better mommy ! I love you (:
Ahahah I wish mine was that simple. My mom thinks we all hate her and want her dead..
Yess it is (:
The fulfillment of ur promise n the palace is dependent upon ur attitude n the prison. Your prison may actually b ur positioning! - R Harvey
Introduce at #pubcampMIA were pretty great. Best three words: expansive, absorbent, lover
Watch Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!!
A little break from recording...Hope to have my next single done soon!
my kids are playing a game where the 3 of them hide under my computer chair at the same time. I am playing a game where I open the wine.
Awesome! Congrats.
Just heard ...they are the cats pajamas!
If Baltimore wins, we are headlining the summer tour!
WHAT WHERE OF WHAT WHERE SINCE WHEN WHAT
enough of color separation for today.. Goodnight everybody!
Yeah I was like "Good luck with that....it's called a recession morons" I live in Seattle and can be just as bad here
time to get down and dirty?
Oops! Jay Michaels is the new PD of KDMX/Dallas, not MD. Sorry!!
Bobby Petrino's 2 week notice!
lol. If it makes you feel any better, Jory bought a TV last night
thanks i lovee how u tell us what is true and not your the best
info: if you add "of death" to something, you didn't coin the phrase. no, not even way back then.
Omg. Let's end this day right now.
Y'know, I'm glad I stuck with this Twitter thing after all. *evil smile*
I know, I own it also.
that borders on creepy... Lol
Say goodbye to Jersey, and hello to Brooklyn
I CAN HANDLE YA HOLD ON TIGHT LIKE HANDLE BARS
Looking forward to AFC half marathon!
Use your good for power, not evil ..or something like that.
Lmaooo or layers.....the best is how upset they get and the next time they come back the want more!!
Aw, You're so sweet Nathan. Thank you so much Nathan. You deserve best. I feel so happy right now :)
watched Cabin Boy over the weekend w/ my 5yr old daughter, we were both thoroughly amused. You and Conan need to make a movie!
my twitter feels complete and old and used (good way) with shawty mane as my backround. i am done experimenting.
It's absurd. What's next? Celebrating the 20 year mark for GW Bush picking his nose on camera at a Rangers game?
you tell me momma! Thur are not good for me but any other day.
I must sauce up my blog, apparently.
Wants to check out the new Seattle street food scene. Tako Truk, Marination & the Mysterious Capital Hill Tamale Lady.
HEY Do you have a Mother's Day menu you'd to share with the masses?
shit I been outta town making it happen, but I was checkin to see what you had poppin in KCity?
Has Snow E. Mann been viewing your LinkedIn profile today?
I know</3333333
Maybe it's the whole experience, I don't know. I prefer not to interact with anyone. Unless it's on vent, haha.
looked at making a nice dinner tonight but damn the cheese and sausage and crackers looks so much better. #easydinner tonight...
I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of the Lord. The Lord has punished me sorely, but he did not hand me over to death
Melo Trade=Herschel Walker trade yet?
~sticks a cucumber in my vagina~ omg.
thanks! I really am sorry I missed you guys. Hope to see you around.
why I gotta be last tho??
P.S. For someone who's all about ze "Guiness," you sure don't spell like it.
Hey love! Haven't seen you for awhile. You good!?!
You will recieve an email today if you won, if not, you have another chance to win tickets tomorrow!
Is still alive?!
Taco Tuesday is on people! come have Shane's famous fish tacos w/ a side of pickled onions and mango-blueberry salsa
You give your community the strength and support they need to improve quality of life and they inspire you to be a better you
Come See Our New Selections.
I don't feel 15... Feels like just another day.
jason it was u d one dat told fake buster i was fake now y would u do dat 2 me?
now I want some
I was taught to make shit like this motivate me
Legally Blonde this weekend. Want to win tickets? www.popejoypresents.com/contest
HOLY SHIT my bro finally joined the Twitter family!Follow
♥♥♥♥Back at the church for the second service... dont think Im gonna doze off this time cause that nap I took today was AWSOME!!!! ♥♥♥♥
Lol, no!! One sister doing all that is enough! I'm not jumping on that wagon!
we're on for tomorrow! “: word”
Backing up home directory to install Ubuntu 11.04 64 bit. I have lots of crap that should really just be deleted.
wat u need
That was disrespectful of Nicki to show up like that after what happened with Whitney
no problem :) you should check out our music!
Looking for a gentle online yoga workout to jump start my home practice. Any suggestions?
nope...Chicago
Hugs to you. Family In Christ
um im pretty sure you're not
We are so excited to host our Auction for Action at the D Note this Saturday!
Is everyone excited to be back at work today?
thanks guys for the #ff that was very sexual of you.
yo do you still have the acapella?
that's the ugliest thing I've ever seen
thanks! I'll be thinking positive thoughts about you & & your crew &
i want pizza (;
would help her operate at her best. For optimum performance, and not for emotional reasons. Kinda make sense to me.
Fantasy Baseball!
#mla12 final thoughts: 20 minute papers kill the humanities. Sharing ideas over wine might be our salvation
I must say us Latinos got moves!
bad boys two..heck of a film...
Finish Reading "Bitch" dats was a good book! Now I'm Reading "Bitch Reloaded"
Amen to that.
i never left i just couldnt tweet from lack of internet
Great tweet!!
Hi - thanks for following us!
Poltergeist is actually my favorite poster of all time. Very striking.
Bouts To Put Some Dish Soap On The V So The Rain Could Clean It…
RT : Stoked to be back in #NOLA parked to get some pre-Jazz Fest work done. This place rules.
#Health #Tip: Eat before going to the movies. A tub of popcorn has 1200 cal & 60g of fat; & thats without butter!!
bro that's not true stop making stuff up
Hey , I am in a 10 team 2QB league this year. What is the draft strategy you would use?
yes I agree
“: Congrats ! #StanleyCup Champions. Way to go!” everything about new England rules!!!!!!!!
Ive fallen asleep in this library ohh i dunno.... 4 times
Dont shy away from bringing the camera out to play! Just saw great pics on Facebook from a dance studios adventures in costume fittings.
I am. Spamming the world won't do it... This is assured.
Er, perhaps you should open the windows?
The air quality is so nice here.
SATAN STAY OFF MY PAGE.
I just finished a 2.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I knew you would <3
Marcel is tearing up on the keyboard!! Get down here and check him out...Brass Monkey West Allis 119th & Greenfield!
Idaho Historical Society 'Esto Perpetua' awards includes Basque Museum's Patty Miller & Hidden in Plain Sight exhibit - bit.ly/raEd3P
ZING. RT : then what does following me say about YOU? : all you tweet are useless facts of information
Dang i wish my twubby was awake right now !!! :-( GETCHO ASS UP !!!!!! lol
I am going to get one of the loli pop
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 11
Knee-depth in production at for the last time. This week's feature? Well, it's a live one, that's for sure. Stay tuned.
#Rampage and trade downwinders. Glazer connects with Herman to give the #Spinners a 10-5 lead. 7 mins left
Nice meeting you, too! Stay in touch.
ill be back next weekend. 97 marlins are one of my fav teams ever
so the Craig show is postponed, dgd is only playing like two dates of the allstars tour, and I'm not gonna get to see my favorite band play
Don't forget that we have FREE ROLLING ROCK TALL BOYS TONIGHT from 6-8pm!
You got #TeamJustinBieber in your Bio
I am a bitch. oh yeah.
sunset and berry creek to waterfall and back..
Sending good thoughts!
About to meet Christine Ward, Founder of Darfur project, who speaks tomorrow So excited!
#imagine you are watching a scary movie and austin whispers in ur ear "it's just a movie baby I'll make u forget about it afterwards "
hey im a real friend :( lol jking with ya lol
happy mothers day !
#Bahrain is the place to watch now in the area according to KT #McFarland to #LPR2011. Saudi Arabia wants Sunni to win, not Iranian Shia.
I feel the same way about myself. ": I have so much potential I jus be confused on which route to take."
A little too happy smh..an u messd up
I'm up too early this morning.
haha you said it all!
I made a movie about It's called "The Shittiest Movie Ever Made." It premieres Will you come see it?
I liked how it only rained for our walk.. The people who just walked into my class are completely dry 😡😁
Them hoes on Craigslist RT : I wanna chic that can do dis shit this lady did during half-time
#ThatFeelingYouGetWhen You high-five someone who clearly wasn't asking for a high-five.
Get your small business Saturday shopping started in today!
creative motivation: 1 of my rules is: Never try to do anything, JUST DO IT!~Ani Difranco
hugs and kisses
Omw to class to listen this old 87 yr old women talk abt sex
I am not even mad at
Yes yes yes!
Northern NM Wedding Expo, at Buffalo Thunder - Santa Fe - this Sunday! Fashion, experts, 10 Vegas trips ++ prizes. Free!...
RT : Employees are product just like athletes RT Goldman Sachs sets aside 44% of revenue for employee salaries.
Makes me want to rewatch those Frazier-Ali fights. That was boxing
Marvin middle name wait for it lol aww so creative
Another fun fact in honor of International Women's Day: In Sweden, 76% of mothers work, the highest percentage in the developed world
Tornado watch 10:55 till 11:20am. Coming from the Oak Ridge area. What's happening there Oak Ridge?
As my friend said, it's way too nice to stay inside tonight. He's @ Natt Spil & I'm @ Maduro. 10pm #patioseating!
what if it rains every day of co-captians ?
Purdon points out an erotics of the electric grid in Spender's poem, "The Pylons."
Happy valentines day to all
We'll be announcing events through Twitter for the time being. Sorry you've missed some of the recent events!
nope, unfortunately. I know people are interested and talking about the space, but nothing yet
Can you grab like 20 YP posters and a stapler and meet me at leaders at 545? I got $ for you
Shout Out To
RT: Tonight at 7pm we dedicate the new building. Come out and celebrate with us.
Thanks to the Little Treehouse and Philly Circus Arts for contributing to our stash of Kids' Lit door prizes! Can't wait to raffle 'em off.
Whoa! You worked on Carlito's Way??? I was first team PA. Did we meet way back when???
Yeah, I dealth with that yesterday. Amtrak Wi-Fi better than nothing, but it's pretty lame.
Tough call... could be a Love Park or my go-to which is the Franklin Square. Life's difficult decisions.
This rain came at the perfect time, tbh.
Loving Jimmy Kimmel @ the WH correspondents dinner - the equal opportunity offender!
lol girl nothing
Any tips on how to enrich your baby mentally during their first 2 years of life?
Y do u #Christian #fundamentals disregard Matthew 7:1 & judge that those not "saved" r going 2 hell? U ppl cherrypick Bible verses
just got back from the storm hokey game! Saw lots of FIGHTS! :) fell in love with number #14 he was so cute
Will do
um is it bad that i don't want my boyfriend to use twitter.....
Brett Cullen also played Goodwin Stanhope on #lost. Michael Emerson's character had him killed.
Irony--we would not be having contraception debate with real healthcare reform that moves away from employer based system to national system
u could've gone!
Mizzou wins!! Ah! Go tigers!
yes 5 food trucks in 1 place.hope 2 see you there!
yea I feel u 100% I didn't even understand where that all even came frm n I was salty bcuz we were workin on our friendship
hey yo no I'm not
Aisha Tyler -- "We love it, only we're not going to use it - It's FABULOUS - fuck no!" on Hollywood
This Kimbra gotye - somebody I used to know (solidisco remix) is possibly the nicest track I've heard all day. Thanks !
When the BIGS bring the A-game, no one can match up. Bring it home,
Matter of fact, E. I think #KC and #SamJones followed #BillRussell out to #USF. But, my #memory is dated.
thanks for the advice!! Maybe I should practice in a pool for now :) jaws terrified me as a kid.
Come on Ayala get us out of this jam
I still get butterflies in my stomach whenever I hang out with you.
can i have followers?
For those who have finished off all their Halloween candy already, come on over & we promise to satisfy your sweet tooth with our selection!
IKR!!! Just let kansas beat us up then call it on us if we look at them wrong!!
Nothing in life comes easy so stay strong, give them a taste of yourself, & show how hard you are.
Let me think about it....m SHADY
Let us know if we can help! We have a ton of scholarships on our website and we can pair you with the ones you are most -
Hahaha! I was thinking of that same thing!
The best thing about me is you.
Tried getting coffee before school and this bitch at mcdonalds gave me lukewarm bottom of the pot shit. Gross
I know lol
Hello Ms. Jessica, I hope that you are well!
Headed to later to get a celebratory bottle of wine. Our packaging is almost done!!
If you do + you can go on forever.
how r u watching it?! Ohh yeah I'm mad! Haha mad that I can't watch it! Lol more jealous! :)
I STILL haven't been to Vegas..(in case anyone needs a card counter, I have skills like RainMan)
Hey! When are we doing lunch?
killing it right now!!! These kids aren't ready for this shit!!!
Wednesday 10-6 Long Beach Farmers Market @ City Hall, next to LIRR station
we always ponder the small stuff and take the big stuff for granted.do we really care if the light goes out when we close the fridge
If Michael Bay made a movie about Michael Bay, would he then understand what he's done to the Transformers? #suck*suck=suck^2
Been masterminding all day. It's true..As iron sharpens iron, so one person sharpens another
You quoted The Ramones! I love you! <3
Gameday! Let's go guys!
#FF my yellow ninja
New earrings perfect for the holidays! Join us tomorrow 12/6 at Centre City Tower from 7:30am-2:30pm to see our new collection!
This is the first week I have seen these 3 words in succession: "alleged lottery winner."
": So joann gon be here 4 the 4th of july. Tombout she sleeping w me lol" In that case, party in the DMV area!
hey. follow. me. and ihope your eye feel better. lol.
I have purchased a flavor injector syringe. Oh, the alcohol-related possibilities. First up, frozen vodka Kool-Aid Jammers.
Deactivating my #FB was such the freeing feeling. That part of my life is over... For now!
I'm having the same problem. I don't mind getting rid of a few self serving follows though. More room for the good guys :)
Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was a tragedy.
Come out and watch the vs Miami game at 7:00 & stick around for Bingo at 9:30!
Why do i always wake up so early..
RT RT : I asked him, "Who said you could fool around with my wife?" He said, "Everybody."
k I'm done. lol
Bout to bring this hottie home tonight
Best Monday ever! Open bars, Congressmen, still partying RT : This is so ridiculous, straight crazy! Doesn't get any better!"
did my buddy get to come home
me too(: lmao
sounds good
I wonder if you really want to change like you say you do. Sure doesn't look like it.
re: our 8.50 meeting time: "Be there at like 8:55. I had trouble picking a cardigan."
Welcome to the North Pole. We make fun and games. Axl Claus is about to join up with #santacon 2011.
All you have to say is I don't want to talk to you. Js
Persistence, iPod and time spent in Africa. That's all it took. =)
yanno what, im tweeting jewish jokes...you guys that dont like it can get at me..yolo.
Happy Birthday to you!!!
House to myself again for next 3 days!!
#BuckWild RT : Don't want to jynx it, but I'm starting to get Baseball fever #OriolesMagic !!
wow i really wish i was back in high school right now.....
Seriously.. Who doesn't have "anxiety problems" these days. -_-
took a wrong drop and then I holed out from where I had dropped for par!!
mine good
Gonna keep that #PacBradley #FaceOff on the TiVo in case I have trouble sleeping.
i love you too baby <3
Now that my wife is gone on her business trip, it is time to initiate Operation Wallow-in-Filth 2: Electric Bachelorhood.
when life leaves you speechless, songs give you lyrics to find meaning...
Pucks about to drop at the Saint Peters Don Bosco hockey game. Gonna be a top 20 garden state battle!!
loneliness is such a drag ...
Done!!! :) heading back to the #260 oh how I've missed and my baby cracker 🐶
ugh, the scab on my leg hurts. lesson: don't slide into 2nd only wearing shorts
RT : And you had style! RT : Cruised the ipaths for the first time yesterday. I am satisfied. Stoked.
what u wanna do ??
The Bulls still have a solid team. Derrick Rose is a monumental loss for the club, but our bench is still mobbin' and our guys are hungry.
BLT's, strawberries, and baked potatoes =
that's sick man, ima get on that maschine asap for sure. shits gonna be
Double Dry-hopped Deviant Dales on cask - start your weekend right!
I'm moving in with Mel!
great wine... thnx for sharing.
Yeah, we missed the fun. Oh, well...we gots al summah.....
Really struggling with this time change, and I'm not a morning person to begin with... but at least it's finally sunny again :)
I'm doin good. Bout to watch some Parks and Rec with a heat blanket! How r u?
What was the response to the auto feedback? Better than nothing, wish I had a call, ???
TPB is the ONLY movie that he's in I can stand to watch, because the rest of it is so good.
are you talking about the Micky mouse squeak pot of hot mess? Throw her and her Xena headgear OUT.
I love my attitude do you...who cares bitches
WHAT IS SUNDAY
In the words of my man "I feel like a bag of dicks!". Allergies are the worst!
13u that is
Now everybody on Future...at first wasnt no one listening to him saying he lame and ish..now everyone and their gma listening to him..smh
S/O TO FOR PUTTING OUT THE HARDEST MIXTAPE OF THE SUMMER! #iPARTY BITCH! #TheNewChicago Vol.1
RT : #RL Jets have just announced they have agreed on a trade with Denver Broncos for QB Tim Tebow. <-- Ugh.
Just made me some money
#reebok need to bring the #iversons back......
There's plenty of dates available to book a home party, basket party, e-party or fundraiser in February. Contact me for details.
Good morning hungry as always
I don't think anyone realizes how much I want to just lay in my bed, all day.
I think everybody in their right mind does. Haha #HappyBestFriendDayToTori&Brooke Broobie told me about it.
(1/2) i'm so glad you guys are back! NLH is crap and their support is terrible. you guys were always A+ at customer support!
That's better than some of the other things I've seen people do in a McDonald's.
ivory but my chelsea got wait listed -____-
He Makes A Way Out Of No Way
We have decided to change our last names to Jada Pinkett Smith.
Don't forget to say your PRAYERS! G o o d n i g h t ! :)
good so far I'll be on radio chili at 9 pm I do 2 different ones
Not too bad, just been hanging out with the bunny and working a lot lately. Trying to keep busy. How are you doing?
We live far too simply and far too selfishly. We're ALL guilty.
I hear its mother's day in the USA, but not in #Nicaragua where my mom is at.
Can't wait for Anchorman 2!
if i stick with my instincts, ill probably part with my money
check my mentions ran it down
Pajama pants & sweat shirt lying on my own couch after a coast to coast flight. This rates pretty high.
ONLY IF I CAN TAKE THE TIME BACK.
ha. he told this senior that im like in love with that im obsessed with him and then tried to get me to talk to him but i legit
- Gonna shake Heaven!!
Oh i kno ma lol, im jus playin along with it!! are you single, or happily married??
THE lord Reigns, He is wonderful!!
Kobe pouting when theres still three seconds left and they need to foul... What a loser
give us 6-12 months and we will be one of the top westcoast online fashion retailers! thanks to all the people doing business with us
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I have ADD!! And I love it!!!
The thing on the news with the exploding diaper guy...*looks both ways* it's a MUCH deeper story than that!
maybe we can get a press pass? ;)
#Earthquake in Baltimore. Thanks Mother Nature for preparing me for my trip to L.A. tomorrow.
Ok, so i have a redeemable groupon, for house cleaning.. 1200 sqft.I'm outside their travel range.Does anyone want to buy it? $15... $14tax
interesting, I've heard the opposite from some students.
Girl you but if I tell you the you might take it to the head
Zen from and I are working on this together.... Likely means there will be more tweeting! ()
Cleaning out the bookshelves is much harder than I thought it would be.
I remember when I was little I used to feel like a bad ass when I listened to Good Charlotte
"#HealthLiteracy is the currency of success for all we do in health, wellness and prevention." -Dr Carmona, 17th US Surg Gen
Headed to SF this weekend! Woo-hoo! Frameline and Pride!
Puerto Rico tomorrow!
HOLY FUCK!!! I NEED THAT BLUE ONE!!!!! SHIT, I NEED THEM BOTH!!!!
#BackWhenIWasLittle we used to play basketball with boys. Boys still play, but with our hearts.
... iight I gotcha
I learn something new on twitter everyday but it's never anything good
D-Wade ain't never been the same since his shoulder injury...
Why do people tend to tell more information than whats asked for... Makes me sick jus wanna slap them and say nobody asked you that
I wish followed me(;
this is an old bird watercolor I never finished but shows my brushwork
Good luck this morning to and during your IE STEM presentations in New Jersey!
SequenceFileLoader internally uses SequenceFile.Reader which honors compression flags in seqfile header /cc
I thought about Monk but it seems very "technical."
when do you graduate? let's hang out you queen!
Intermission at Alice in Wonderland from at ! I am the Queen of Pink Diamonds with the tights I'm wearing.
People who are pro smacking children say, 'It's the only language they understand.' You could apply that to tourists. - Jack Dee
I have exactly 0% of my Christmas shopping done.
NEW! Egnew ready to &#39;get down to business&#39;
Just got back from feeding and caring for Mom's.Now it's time to work a little and review some tapes.
59 emails: I WIN! I rule the universe! I'm the Queen of the Email hill!
#ouch is right. What'd I do to you?
I'm fairly certain that Russel Brand is a Kardashian. But, I'm not sure if he's the ugly one, the dumb one, or the naked one. Any help?
Mornin', Twitta-Rama! Who's falling in love today?
You know you'd just shoot yourself anyway. RT : And here I am without a gun. RT : I'm just the messenger.
V is very very extra ordinary
you like it shut up!
“: love documentaries is it on Netflix?” CC will you guys be on Netflix anytime soon?
I'm surprised its just getting out, to be honest. Thankful they had some time before it was made a big deal.
Yeah, we may have 3D scanned SNL host Josh Brolin for VFX in upcoming MiB3 movie, and a whole bunch of other stuff too!
ready for Party Cove this summer!!!
EBENATORS UNITE! #EbenOnEllen ! LETS DO THIS!
RT : Im Recording... What you doing? (At Guitar Center on a mission)
The thing about inevitability that's so curious is the part that's destined.
Thank you so much, Claire! So kind of you to let us know-- we love them too! :)
ok I REALLY like it! But where will u were this shirt...
Great work in social marketing
About the only thing that comes to us without effort is old age. -Gloria Pitzer
thanks bum
A has a dental app at 930 but yes other than that.
I can't fall asleep.. I'm too excited lol
I did a photo shoot with them for Frontiers here in #LA. Love these guys.
thanks! :D
You are out-douching yourself this morning. Are civil rights a joke to you? A chance to be a jerk. Condescending, pompous ass.
Follow Me?(:
Good morning everyone have a great
I eat poop
hi thanks for following me, I follow u back. Let's tweet sometimes.
<3 ahaha I wish we could give ya a hug through twitter! Thanks for being so awesome!
Don't forget to carry the pumpkin
Anyone know of some good humor blogs or humor columnists?
ye you did thats why you just followed me ah=gain and i got that unfollow app...lbvs
awwwwhhh tech problem.
late bc i was in an airport but shout outs to for finally beating wolfkrone in a tourney... lab time as paid off man
RIP Don Cornelius. Saturdays growing up were prideful and filled with great music because of you. Love, Peace, and Soul!
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe all these cellphone talkers who try to drive. Either talk on the phone or drive. YOU CAN"T DO BOTH. SMDH
Christians need to live their beliefs by not judging. Fairness and equality must be for all people not just the overly righteous majority!
The world can be a magical place if you just take the time to look
#PlanetGreen is showing "Wild Australia" and making me desperate to go there..
RT : APD and AFD responding to a four vehicle accident on I40 Westbound @ San Mateo.
lol i literally just started laughin at my desk at work.
Are you open to dating someone 39 years younger? Because... I'm open to dating someone 39 years older.
Don't know whether to laugh or cry RT Since Sept 1, 2011 the Red Sox have won 8 home games & the Patriots have won 9
Just two. But I have a list of movies I want to see that are for teens. Gives me an excuse to torture hubby with them.
if only closed minds came with closed mouths.
I'm fucking 31 years old and my life's in shambles... I guess I need to start listening to country music.
its ok.
It's been a hell of a year!
Still wondering when will decide to tweet his filipino fans like me...;(
man..it takes me a while back to remember all the good times we shared huh?
HA! BTW-The new Weller sounds pretty good. Amazingly consistent he is.
at least he had the courage to write a book, that started the testing for steroids. Now #MLB has turned on BB is clean
good morning austin!!(: i just got the iphone!! :D
RT : If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. Its no use to complain.
Success is the good fortune that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration. Evan Esar
dude you guys are moving to denver?? that's badass! i'm going next month but just to visit a friend.
Being a writer means controlling words on paper...I always use reference materials to tweak my compositions' credibility...#write right
Ugh Philly. Stop being the team I thought you were in the regular season and be the team you were in the first round!
ugh, I know :c everytime a hawaii iconiac askes them, they're all like "i want to." & stuff like that :p
My swag is on point today haha
...is going to the Bread and Puppet Theater show tonight at the Dogtown Dance Theater in Richmond tonight.
MSMQ appears to be starting in on his promised "farrago of quotations", heading toward the end of
It's my birthday . And not one pertain in. My pethic life has said anything . Wow I guess I don't exist. Hm. Maybe I should fade.
Happy New Year!
Heres my number So call me maybe ♥
Orange dream eegees on point!!
having some #chateauSteMichelle #Riesling 2010 #wine Yum
Carl Crawford to the Boston Red Sox.. I'm not happy
#northkorea #kimjongil "I've never wished a man dead, but I have read some obituaries with great pleasure" - Mark Twain
Who thinks they have the flyest avi?
Loan rates have long term implications for students“: Senate Republicans block proposal to keep student loan rates low"
IT'S T-SHIRT TIME!
Is the Twitter app good? I am considering WP for my next phone.
phone calls from >>>. Hahaha be careful my dear! Love youu
Exhausted. Baby is asleep and I just want to sleep.
If I decide to put my trust in you, PLEASE DON'T FUCK IT UP.
At #DSum12 today w/ my good wife's blessing - ON OUR ANNIVERSARY. 1:30 ET marks 3 awesome yrs.
I really need my own laptop....it would be so much easier....
thanks man :) I knew we had something ;) haha
Will somebody teach me how to do this?
proverb 27:2. let another man praise you not your own mouth. a stranger not your lips. GM
"and let him go until we get our damn money" “: we are gonna kidnap God...”
#That1friend Who Always Knows Exactly What You're Going Through.
s/o to for having the cutest pictures on my phone. bahahahaha
Thanks for the follow! See you soon.
is so gonna win today ! Woo ! #stoked . Goodluck ! :)
PLEASE CHECK OUT THIS VIDEO OF ME AND COVER TO TAYLOR SWIFTS "SAFE AND SOUND" feedback and comments would be great!!!!!
I know!!! Kendall was tweeting about it today, that's how I found out about it! This should help Cody get more votes ;)
I had that with Chicago Code! And every jimmy smits show since nypd blue!
Phase 1 of a weekend full of spring cleaning complete. 2 boxes of clothes and 2 boxes of DVDs gone & donated. Whew.
ah better question is with them opening more brewpubs one in #chi town and maybe over seas will there be more DLD's
Kim Jong Il is dead!
This may be true. In which case help me out; I'd be curious.
Hackers Own Twitter and YouTube? Hackers from South Korea have been using
Fantastic!! That should be a killer performance.The whole city should go.The acoustics are amazing in the hall.Best ever IMO
Forgetting what day it is...
I hope Byslma just flips out and goes berzerk. Would love to see him flip out Torts/Lavy style.
u said your night went to total shit?
NBA: How does a No. 8 seed beat a No. 1? Utah Jazz&#39;s Devin Harris ...
On my way to get a good workout in at the gym...
hi dee/dee
people piss me the fuck off, so sick ofeveryone
Hey SamsBeauty Fans!! Don't miss the Best Selling Sale. Available until April 23rd.
today I got my prom ticket and suit, all I need to do now is get out of work o:
I'm just glad my depression has been very controlled lately
You can save time and money using Shopping Genie store software to find the best sales. Check it out!
Rhyming poetry is hard. Trying to work in "damn fine ass" and "Winged Victory of Samothrace."
i hate myself so much rn.
History consists of a series of accumulated imaginative inventions. Voltaire
what is with the paleo boys and eating Mexican before bumpy flights?
Austin is just so lovable. I could never, ever be mad at him.
i would always tell myself that i wouldn't date a stoner or someone who smokes cigs on a regular basis. guess you gotta make #compromises :/
thank you for helping us fight Alzheimer's. Great to have you today!
There will be none. No cupcake baking pans round these parts apparently.
Bryce Harper just stole home!
#savethedate 11/12, a 2for1 event: the Grand Opening of the Brookland Lofts as part of a Gala Fundraiser!
Just given jar of - fabulous #MadeinMaryland skin care product
All I really wanted was you
RT : I use MS OneNote to organize everything at work and plan on taking it home. I just really like the layout.
Best three grand spent evahhhhh!!!
Bad coffee spill right down the front of my shirt...but its ok folks.....no meetings and a half day to boot
Frankly my Dear Idgaf
Wait. Does stream live? Im gonna google. I don't want to get out of bed. lol
Gotta love field trips that end with lunch at Portillos
Touching presentation by about man's best friend, Google maps, family and food poisoning
GM is ending their advertising on Facebook because it doesn't work. Interesting.
C'mon nobody uses phonebooks anymore...and I definetly don't need 3 of them.
that is the way of things, tge way of the Force.
like ur quotes
I hear ya! Like the new name btw.
pictures please!
Thanks! How does Twittelator store the location info for its native feature (not the "link to map")? I couldn't make it update.
if i don't have a passing GPA will i not be allowed to join ASB? ;-;
Cheers! RT : Steak salad....cab franc.....Friday night!
thanks for follow DJ6
Bacon & Beer Fest! See what deliciousness Chef Sean created!!
Facebook needs these 3 buttons: "dislike", "who cares?", "are you an idiot?!"
Tumble Inn with ☺
Camp--my hiatus from art felt like a longterm love affair gone awry
any suggestions for hotels near The Rangers ballpark in Arlington?
While that was a terrible call. That was an even worse decision by Rondo.
I can paint your portrait, work with you on price www.leocortesstudios.com and email
it was fun! Completely anti-climactic tho :(
Had to change AsAp tank top wit some jeans wit sneakers to hot for a sweater and baggy shirt!
how cold is it there?
you cant go! Omg!
Almost to 500 please help.. anyone you give me a shoutoutwith get 5 shoutouts!!!!!!
Time to watch MEMORIES OF MURDER, an equally bleak but even richer and more compelling film.
Wait??? You think the #SFGiants are going to win the World Series?! :)
After the lowest scoring first half in #Gator #lacrosse history, #UF struggles to score as the second period opens. UF leads #OSU 2-1.
Ok, let's do this
do you Wanna do a tinychat with me
Thanks for the follow. Would love to send you a San Diego Bebe Eco-Nursing Pillow for your review.
I wish I could...she's not here anymore
Love that new song by david guetta and the video is
Happy National Teacher's Day! A thoughtful thank you to all the educators working so hard to make a difference with each & every child.
RT : You can always be robbed of what you have, but never of what you are.
More questions??
Every time he's mad I'm mad..
1/2 Being extra nice to Palin on the little things seems to give #Gamechange the "right" to nail her on the big ones. Her, her fans, and ...
Giants actually did it!
reasons why i'm still single: ✔ can't date the internet. ✔ can't date my favorite celebrity. ✔ can't date twitter. ✔ can't date myself.
alright buddy!
Autocorrect just tried to change "humor" to "hump" - thereby really altering my "humor me" text I sent my boss...
Thinking bout buying sum dem headphones by Dr Dre da beats ...wonder do dry got blu
CTA Blue Line needs signage to tell tourists "everyone else is getting off at Clark/Lake too, so sit and calm the f%*k down"
Damn...I was hoping I'd win that iPad...
No problem. :-)
I had to send it twice because I messed up in the first tweet! Haha gawd!
Hubby is taking me to see Titanic 3D. It's 1 of my fave movies, but he just wants to see the guy that falls and hits the propeller in 3D
Drinks drinks drinks drinks. Much. Needed.
although you may not 'bite' on the country tix... i do feel that a cowboy hat on your picture would look oddly fitting.
Finding the funny in not so funny situations
miss yours too. when you gone come turn up with us?
People really need to stop using Word documents for announcements.
Me too! RT : A8 Easter Island to see the heads.
An interesting campaign, isn't it? I luv it too!
Those are amazing people!! RT : This is an amazing pic!!!!! xo
The Florida Gators may have the easiest road to Sweet 16
how do you know it loves you? Maybe it just puts up with you ;)
We now have Ransom Old Tom Gin! It is fantastic. Try it in the Martinez!
eh hahahah. I'm going to sleep night!:)
Gotta root for Greg Oden but at what point is a return to the NBA totally unrealistic?
Aw, thanks! :) Yes 5PM cannot come soon enough today. Sigh.
so its not bad if your waveform isnt all fatty?
finished a pain in the ass Sprite comic...looking forward to post it sometime soon
Omg I'm hungry..
If u make me think of u one more time, ill forget about trying to forget about u #love dilemas
hi ellen! did you have fun at the teen coice awards?
Today is a very special day, a day to radiate love, smilers proud of what we taught Miley
Leaving my be on days like this is the hardest thing to do :(
what guitar strings do you recomend?
Nothing could be farther from the truth...and you know it!
you have nice balls
#imissyoubut you act like a legit retard.
I really just created this twitter about 5 minutes ago? what, im i supose to have 1,000 followers no? cus no one believes me..
As sarcastic and rude as I am... Never forget that I am SUCH a good friend. In doing the most right now.
While LOUSY is most often used as a synonym for miserable, inferior, or low quality, its early meaning was “infested with lice.”
so good.
The triangles of Moody Gardens still intact.
oh really :)
<3 You're the best! I can't wait to see you in Bham! <3
In Native American, the word “squash” means “eaten raw” but winter squash are almost never eaten raw.
u did on the email u said something i cant say out loud :(
So excited for #madmen tonight. I need a little don draper in my life!
Needle and thread are half clothing. - Spanish Proverb
Hope you called or emailed us. We get back to you much faster that way. Are you local? Blow off tube!
how come everyone has like a million accounts? i only have this 1 -_-
RT : "You tore up that electric drum kit!!" - Nobody
Any DJ who is up on their Tribe Called Quest is gonna win my vote. They gotta be my fav HipHop collective. Sue Me
The thing that is really hard and really amazing is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself ~Anna Quindlen
Fed Law Librarians Conference, keynote: US Archivist David Ferreiro attracted to position by White House's Open Gov't Directive.
“: Good morning .:-)”awww good evening! I just aaw this
Absolutely Debbie! Send us a DM with your contact info, and we'll be in touch.
Great job guys!
Just got my ticket to the 2012 DNA Day Thanks, !
What's going on tonight?
Go insane, Go insane, Throw some glitter make it rain! <3 P.L.U.R.<3
Wakin up and not know that persons name is never good..man I gotta stop drinking
Reading The Stranger's Child by Alan Hollinghurst: the language crept up on us and now will not let us go!
my phone!! :D ive missed it!
well...you still look like one..haha but it happens to the best of us!
yea memorial wknd. n the next 2 wknds. after that for me
This has been an incredible season.
": You might be gay if you have an iPhone case to match all of your cock rings." My cock rings match my iphone though
a little more frustrated now
Tonight on #NashvilleNights: ! Don't miss it! 7pm on TV, 7pm Eastern online!
“: Russell Westbrook has ice water in his veins! UCLA Bruins across the galaxy are radiating...!” FTW!
sometimes you need real world division when you have students that don't have skin in the game #pubarch could impact long term relationships
... Naw, he has. I remember when he played Detroit in 07 I think? He went ham that series.
no seriously what does it mean? Lol
allow such injustice. Speaking out against an il informed government is a basic right of all citizens. Yet no one says anything is fear or
Todays MVP for the Falcons should be Roddy White. Great job knocking the ball lose in the 4th quarter.
I miss your tweet
Entirely our pleasure ! Thanks for using #ThisIBelieve with your students! RT : Thanks for the #FF!
Parlor homework session. & Where's ? Not cool enough to join #stillloveyou (:
Our Ubers are zipping all around the city on this crazy Cinco de Mayo. If you can't get one right now, check back soon. We're hoppin'!
Good morning everyone Had breakfast and coffee
Blue line has been shut down everyone
not much, just animating on a program
Two orange vested hard hats just came by to see if our gas stove was working like "normal" 2100 block Hargrove St/Penn St
Have 5 or 6 around here, some for years. Reliable, expandable but slow (whether FW800 or eSATA or networked).
cool. I'm glad you liked them. I hope you can get them autographed too!
#JustRememberThat I tried
You can stream the entire catalog (and buy it) direct from the band at www.sloanmusic.com/music
Let's get those runs back #Reds! Then add a few while your at it. Got a feeling we might need 'em.
as???? Yeah time to get outta lame Toledo...
Thanks Deal Wiz "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
If the rangers take a 2-0 lead. Its bye bye devils ...
Spud Webb coaching NY team Ricks Stripper league. Can I coach Team Houston. Im a customer & all the NBA players go to Treasures & Mens Club
well, not in the grow-from-the-ground sort of way, but "nature" did give us chickens.
would you like to be the video for our band We Come in Pieces.. from Limerick, Ireland.. we know its a long shot.. But...
lol but what would it be called?...how about "A Cougar's Guide to Playing Kitten"
At #ShelterIslandMarina this morning with for the #PacificVoyagers sail to the #America'sCup races!
YOU DESERVE SOME REST MAN
curious to know exactly what's in it???
- unfortunately, "juniper berries" reminds me of Terry Jones in LIFE OF BRIAN. And that's scary.
we gotta rep hard
Hahah we are so cool!!!
okay perfect. I just can't do the whole graduation thing without it turned in. Friday would be good. Or Monday. Lol
Amen RT : At all times reality is a reflection of our sense of self
can someone els follow me
Sounds good! Do you have my e-mail address?
Wrapping up a full day of stimulating social media sessions. Now on to happy hour!
Damn is getting after it!
Apparently it's #ScreenFreeWeek as in don't use this smartphone to tweet while reading emails on laptop and watching streams on iPad and TV.
I don't know what I enjoy more actually getting to watch Chiefs practice or hearing and his wit.
Rockin reverb happy new year--- all you great artist ! love and peace to you lets jam and post , thanks bunches !
DID YOU GETT TICKETS? WHAT KIND?
Today feels like the longest day EVER
I appreciate it and I thank you for your kindness and understanding.
we can bring you lunch if you want. Just give us your order!
Bah! New forced hero academy update and no access to wifi for at least an hour! Screw you AT&T!
Getting stuck on a ride
RT Thank you! We are working to expand the services around the country. Keep checking back!
The Mavs do not deserve this Win the refs cheated it was too obvious!!!! SPURS ALL THE WAY!!!!!!
Can the world live without Twinkies? Perhaps, but I do need my Tastykake fix every so often.
will you please follow me & and I will follow you as soon as i get off following limit :) xox and can u also ship me?
I'm up
Who That!!!! That's Them Dolphins People..... Tonite It's Going Down..... Tune In Now.... Live
"Comfort and prosperity have never enriched the world as much as adversity has."
do you have any plans for a large-scale benefit performance for Japan earthquake / tsunami relief ?
I cannot even imagine how amazing photos of you in the Burlesque Corset And Petticoat would look. Photoaddict till the end.
The NeverEnding Story
i hope so. randy and hunter is gunna be there
Happy birthday man!!!
I've been burned a few times by the practice of 'texting all day, every day' with someone I don't know that well.
#teamfollowback --- I Always FOLLOW BACK
Super long day of senior portfolio presentations finally over. Proud to say my #JMS internships students were stars. Way to go, 490!
Oh my bad sorry
omg. I was asleep. it was al kaitlyn.
Booked a Sunday meeting with a potential business partner for an entertainment venue!
rangers look sloppy. Lucky to be ties.
Loved the reference on last night's episode. We can send another PhD candidate for Bones to interview ;-)
love you too :(
The one on your website under the "bio" page. :-)
Thanks, I'm researching references. There are a bunch of related terms also coined: food insecurity, grocery gap...
If you're a mother, have a great day! If not, I hope your day is ok too, I guess.
I hate fuckin up on a tweet and not seeing it till hours later.
I'll be presenting STOP! Consolidate and Listen today at 2:30 in DBA-102. Warning: terrible rap included
Are dialog and dialogue technically the same? I think of them as being different.
I'm not entirely sure, to be honest. Let me look up the info I was sent.
"Time well spent"
Ten minutes in and drops the v word.
OH DEAR GOD! You are too effing funny lmao!!
On this day 11 years ago I started my first "successful" pro wrestling website, who knew it'd become my career. Any1 remember wcwwwf?
Intuitive/Thinkers are rational and make systems and solutions to problems.
How you gonna act like that?
#Jerkin can't Die. I Bet he'll have your gr gr gr great-grandson saying " yeah Niggahhh" lol Happy Birthday S/O to
ok your welcome...sorry for the intrustion. noticed you're still enjoying yourself. Prince is the best concert I've ever seen.
I wish I had some sort of motivation to actually do something with my life
Standing on my car to get the live shot with slurry planes. Anything for good tv :)
So much fucking homework...so much...so little time
I'll trade you Brandon Jennings and one mil for Rondo!
Thanks for the shoutout A person that keeps their word.
Greetings Portlanders -- come & get your best deals on everything from your neighborhood vendors! 7916 SE Foster 11-7 Weds-Sat, 11-5 Sundays
#NP Usher "Climax"
STAY FOCUSED AND KEEP HUMBLE...GOOD THINGS HAPPEN WHEN U DO DO DAT
that's a good idea! I'm gonna look into that 4 next year! They should put me on the payroll!
I am never telling my parents about the existence of Powerschool. Never.
this week's Bill Maher is a mess
Agreed! Chili must have beans! They are the magical fruit.
Passion Fruit Raspberry Fruit Cake only @ Firehook Bakery!!!! Delicious...
At Shirt Guy Direct we provide only the best in uniforms, embroidery, screen printing, and promotional products. Call us 954-245-8380
NEW SHOE'S!
cause, you know, I obviously hate baseball c:
Isn't that a greeting in Philly?
Thanks for the retweet
Cranked out 450 more bottles of sirrop with the help of Mark McClelland, Mark Diserio & Miss Mims! Phew!
Will be great to see you again too!!!
At the UN Monday, Quincy Jones read from a US Agency letter about the state of Jazz written in 1943. Anyone know what that document was?
sneaking bites of 's sonic blast #atleastitsjustified #breakfastorlunch?
Of course I'm sitting RIGHT NEXT to junior baby son of a bitch who is already crying smh
Thank you for this report. Very helpful. "Magician" Dana Law 1700 miles so far. Next sec Ashland to Bend in Aug.
of course! be sure to keep me up to date on what happens with refinery29, in case i don't see when you win. :)
I know it's weird even for me to have random people talking to me about you haha it throws me through a loop
Funny things been happening all day
TheSyncMag comin back n a big way. R u Indie u should b submit ur music now. send album covers/photos 2
RIP Teena Marie! You will be missed!
soon brotha! let's make it happen!
“: THIS RT : A girl's pretty face can be destroyed by an ugly personality.” there is a lot of that on twitter!!!
You're so lucky :(
> love the sin,cos, tan rap!
Finalizing Mother's Day plans and getting all of these cards in the mail.
Ooh tell me how that is!
ppl be pissing me off
The tennis team literally has the best coaches.
Aw YEAH! America’s Got Talent kicks off Monday w/ new judge Howard Stern! Make sure to check it out Monday, May 14th on NBC 7!
Just got off the phone w. The mom in law. Had to tell her happy mother's day, cause she blessed me w. An AMAZING Man<3
I feel very happy just like everyday
Patricia Heaton, u 2? Guess I won't be watching "The Middle" anymore. Id expect this from Rush or "Anti Gay" comments from Kirk Cameron.
how's things back in kiwiland going ;p
#sla2009 offered most excellent wisdom and guidance on leadership and leading - from Coin Powell to Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Fucked up back.
Yesterday I got to pet a tiny kangaroo. It's exactly as amazing as you imagine.
Would sighing moss be TT way of sticking it to Favre
PWEASE FOLLOW ME, TURQUOISE IS MY FAVORITE COLOR (:
you two girls, are crazy.
you too! Looking forward to it...
hi mama :)
OK, which team's defense will completely break down tonight? #Pens or #Flyers?
Congrats to for officially deciding to go to Miami of Ohio next year!
A pleasure, Allan :)
Ight I'm done.
Every time I hear that someone wrote/writes for Vice, I just assume that they are garbage wrapped in skin. Good read tho.
I think I'm disproportionally excited to use this 3 dollar Great Clips coupon
we are talking about going to Kentucky next yr for the derby just to say we were there
Sometimes, it seems as if music radio stations pick 10 songs & play them on repeat all day #DamnItsTrue ~ this why I stop listening 2 radio
and just like that, traffic is moving again. what a mess!
None of the spider tweets were a joke.
Blue Cheese. I Love You.
Any chance of adding something like circles? Want easily organize my tweeps into different categories. Lists suck.
It's a fever ray sort of day
I can't wait till you come here! When we come to Chicago for the day, just come back and live with me! K? Thanks!
I should probably stop saying tautology so much
Its all good holly! Love u on the talk. Glad to see you on there
We don't need to win 4 games. Just 1 game 4 times.
I can feel my summer freckles coming in. -kc #summersummersummertime!
We hope you enjoy it! :D RT : Monicals for lunch with the parents. Never been here haha
You've been trying to get him to say that for 3yrs 😉 “: "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."
Watching WWF's greatest rivalries. Bret hart vs Shawn micheals. I hate the WWE but I can watch the stuff from the 90's all day long.
Chuck Finley “: Which pitcher holds the record for most wins as an Angel? Reply within the hour & use
don't cry lol
Why is it that all my downloads from Smashwords go to my computer and not my KIndle?.
GM' such a beautiful day' enjoy your day with the love one ! Happy Mother's day !'
“: So if Donovan McNabb is worth $78 million, what is Michael Vick worth?” 3x that
Happy Thanksgiving from Prevent Blindness America!
Nice! Congrats to him. I still want to run with Tyson someday, have him call me if he ever needs a sub.
Needed a break from work, watched 10 minutes of "Maury". It's a feel good show. I Feel good I don't know anybody on that show!
"pussy so good, he can't even PRONOUNCIATE" not a real word mama...
A blessing in disguise the UConn game isn't airing in SD? I can't even take watching the gamecast on my phone.
do you have a board???? I only have one other member in my all girl sk8 crew we need more
Thank you!=) You can check out our KOSE Sekkisei Excellent products too for great price drops! Have a great day!=)
I opposed Miller Park funding I would surely oppose a state fined game...especially when those kick starter suckers exist!
like i give a fuck.
Hi I am Brianna I am 11years old and I love to sing dance act to and play with my friends
Life is for service - Fred Rogers
I used to lie in bed in my flat and imagine what would happen if there was a zombie attack
Friday nights are no longer what they used to be. Growing old.
It's almost unbelievable, right? There are just so many layers to the whole thing.
Favorite=Like Button LMAO
Would be awesome if there was wifi for the non-hotel guests attending #flacon2012...if there already is let me know ;)
The only progress I've made so far is sweeping up the flower petals under my window...
Wow... Lol! RT Wait wait I am hearing voices they are saying can't quite make it out ,ooh yeah got it Slap A Hater
When the person ur talking 2 stop doing everything it took 2 get you...
a lot of our best #ravens are #Bama boys...
Fuck Barlow and their stupid ass fucking set list today. They are all so stupid. Why don't you just get off of our
I feel like breaking down...
Only a fool fails to prepare for that which is inevitable.
I didn't say it was good. Romney's campaign team said it was a good idea.
oh cool. (: and no, i don't. i have the orignial DS.
Rockin the valentines day boxers!
sure how can i enter?
Thank you :) I heard Whedon made all the difference. I enjoyed the bits of humor.
Thinking of taking a cooking class at at Bayshore Any reviews? Yay? Na?
You killed it!!! Remind me of Chyna White, but BETTER!! You did your thing!!
R.I.P. GRANDPA MANUEL AND HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! We love and miss you!!!
got some drink in my cup now lol
I JUST DIED!!
Hey Everyone! We're on now! Add "Speakaboos1" to your friends list!
I love gossip BUT ppl need 2 just walk away & give her space + privacy. Leave her B. Her personal life is hers not medias!
I'm still tryna recover from aquagirl/sweetheat too 😳
52% of mobile app sessions on iOS & Android are Games. Next is Social 22%. Indie games dominate iOS & Android RT
Si Senor in Seven Hills is the best named Mexican restaurant. Muy Bien must have been the second choice
Prepping for a busy weekend with two vocal performances scheduled, along with prep for a meeting with an ad agency! God is SO AMAZING!
^es Thanks for the connect
send me your email and i will send you some pics of what we have and the prices on them. Thanks for the follow!
definitely ccm. She was from american idol i think.
That's sweet!
....I voted for PRINCE MONGO 4 MAYOR 2day! Make sure u vote for him too!
Happy Birthday to my Mother's Day Present...Karly Q! 11 Today! Whoa. Time to Celebrate, Little One. :) We Love You!
I'm a Hobbit reader too. They're also making a production of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
We are so proud of the ladies from Hollins U for not giving up.
Step Brothers is like the best movie ever
of course I have. Received word that i'd see my refund in 7 days on 2/22. So far - over two weeks later- nada.
I would go with "the greatest"
Good morning cousin! :)
clarification - Yahoo is selling delicious to Avos, thus I transferred to Avos. Privacy info looks okay to me, what concerns u?
I just had a massive nap
. Hurrah huzzah! So glad you like it. Hope NM's geeks & uber-fans will flock to your shelves for it!
Do u like him?just won know?
Shooting an interview with David Kipen today for my doc, "Literary L.A" at Libros Schmibros in Boyle Heights.
you are quite right about that...we gotta keep up with time :)
it's ok, :) I'll tell the other guy why you left ok? you aren't coming back right?
Cody i am a huge freaking fan of you and i think your so cute just please tweet me back :))
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, Live the life you have imagined!" TGIF Have A Great Day!
Doh! My overly trite point: it should have been so obvious to the devloprs that a trite tweet could point it out.
CALL ME :3
Gunna KILL myself ;(
Were going to chase you down for a quick session next time!
Society is like a child that displays its emotions instead of accepting the truth
Zachary Scott Turner #ZST Rest.In.Peace.<3
great advice!
Bring in the end of the bench! This is what you call a ROUTE!!! #GORANGERS!!!
Nothing says, "I don't care," quite like a birthday text.
Want to apply Heat transfer label on the t-shirt neck contact
I Was Not Hype To Turn 16. Haha!!
RT : A #Cancer hates when people complain too much.
Idc what ayone says , because their is a reason for every thing I do ! So stfu .
what happened to you? You used to be so cool in the 80s
yeah that too! Ha!
Stay tuned. Podcast coming soon.
But yeah ima need the homie "Smooth Sailing" Chopped & Screwed
RT You can tell a lot about someone by their Twitter profile. If every tweet is directed at a famous person, he's a douche.
No Doubt
Get ready for Spring with a Hair Service at Blow Downtown! Free deep conditioning treatment when you book a color service! (702) 588-8456
I jus woke my daughter up.out her sleep shh its ok bby nite nite
haha;) oh hey is there greenwood game tonight?
Easy to say when you're going to sell millions of units, innit
(Part 2) It sounds like a browser issue. Make sure your browser is up-to-date or use a different browser to see if it helps!
Campaign for clean energy data centers MT : #Greenpeace Shames #Apple With Fake Window Washing (via )
Taking Thomas to his first yugioh tournament. #greatestmomever?
Have you ever said, or heard said, the word "temblor"? Or is it just one of those words that only appears in news stories about earthquakes?
got you. When I get another program ima have smthn for you.
RKG - why attribution is important: users touch multiple channels; channels behave differently & some tend to come before or after others
Hyped about getting my liscence
Today is a good day.
Most people spend their time trying to find someone to sleep with instead of finding someone worth waking up to. #Back2bed #ImOut! Ha
In the immortal words of Ice T: you played yourself.
Thank you for your support!
Happy Birthday My Friend!
Thursday's are free admission days at BAM! Plan to come in this week to see Ray Baldino's and Clyde Butcher's black and white photography!
I don't know! I got it in a bin labeled "Solenoid (5 VDC) NO DATA" from Tanner Electronics
oh i
Fine Fine Fine #Sexy Chocolate
In my "lunch" break at work.
Can iGet A Refill ?
Leaving for #Beijing tomorrow... No Twitter, no Facebook for a few days. So thankful i can still play #WordsWithFriends in China though!
thanks! which one you going to go to?
I like wine, especially when someone else is driving me home :)
Yikes I bit my lip and now its bleeding !!!! -____-
haha y'all both little!
magic, bird, Jordan
if the pit don't get ya then the pendelum will.
It's time to listen to Check Your Head.
Thanks for the love. Right back at you!
#LTBroadcasts "The french are building a huge and mysterious series of fortifications along the German and Italian boundaries" (5/1931)
Good morning twitterlites, its time for improv
Shared a cab with from airport to #soslam -- he is genuinely friendly & personable.
haha well I have an A in that class anyway, and knowing her manipulative ass she'd probably sneak her way into making us lose!
I'm not ashamed u see my bio! Use 2 like her now hate her
Reading, "Criminalizing Crisis: The Criminalization of Homelessness in US Cities" National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty, 11/11.
"Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase."--Martin Luther King, Jr
Phil says, don't ask a question just to make a statement! Words to live by!
waddup Tony De!! If you have some girls that wanna come thru let them know wassup fa sho.
Looking forward to the start of #ALFA2012. Visit Stanley Healthcare Solutions at booth 1003!
all is good Eddie but I miss my US friends!
I am obsessed with British TV recently. Downton Abbey and The IT Crowd are way better than Two and a Half Men.
Son of a Campana. He should ALWAYS be able to get that bunt down.
#neworleans #finalfour We have bought the entire in the French Quarter and we still have some king rooms left.
Hey, it was nice meeting you at the event last week. Crazy how we recognize people by who we follow on Twitter.
Talladega Area Walmart Stores Offer NASCAR Driver Appearances, Authentic Merchandise, Fan Events Starting May 3
Yes and...A great day to you!
Crap crap crap crap crap! I've got a party to go to that night out in the burbs. Will you be there other times?
Thornton,Denver in that region I'm goin to see jacob
