Doc just wiped his boogers on my arm.
Chiana:I'm just not myself unless I get my 18 hours.
yeah, I'm listing things. Some things are complex, some are simple. I'd like to show difference.
My dog just got scared and ran away from his fart....
If you stop buy for session beer, pick up Gouden Carolus Easter Ale for dinner tomorrow..Not a session beer but we still have a couple left!
More info on CAC, please. Are we in for a bad day?
Jamie's sandwich is making me hungry.
My awake feature seems to be on pause.
well i will at least :) lol
But they're so yummy! and they're coming to the office this morning!!!
know what's even better than push-up dance moves? handstand push-ups.
kewl(: & omg ur so lucky bcuz Austin is going there this weekend. Are you gonna meet him this weekend???(:
Really, thank you! I've self-pubbed 7 books & literally could not agree w/you more. Gave me lots to think about, 2. Blessings!
If someone were to bring me snickerdoodle orangle leaf, I would love you forever :)
I would change the fact that I tried to do it my way without God's help
This show makes me want to go to church, but only if the church is just as entertaining as this one.
Happy birthday, !
It's funny when you get asked to follow someone on twitter who doesn't tweet in English and who you can't understand -_-
"I see you"
aida wanted to go see how to think like a man Hahahaha
RT : Nevermind the Mindless & Ignore the Ignorance™
Meh, they hold no power over me.
heey my dear followers: RT this if you fuckin hate #chemistry!!!!!!!!!!
Wow, you've been busy!
This weekend was fun, thanks for driving me back ha.
This new mixtape finna put these artist on game on how to make feel good music...
Major upset!!!
I love REDDING CA. The people are just nice. DUTCH BROS COFFE. IS AWESOME!!! i wish i could buy stock But tea is healthier
#Success is where preparation meets opportunity...
#Scorpio the country MB will take you to: Australia
Gossip just seems more interesting than facts!“: Hoping has come with lots of silicon valley gossip to spice up lunch”
20% off celeb fragrances at perfumania today! Get your olfactory fix for less!
You may be a speech teacher but Y U NO speak right?!
You'll have to let us know your thoughts. Hope you enjoy it and find the resource helpful!
stop your bloodclot cryin, u never called me
I may have miscalculated in not choosing a career where I tour with a backing band. Alone, late night Chinese food is truly inexcusable.
lmfao jokes on her, shes got herpes now
2011.07.09 #Reds 8 #Brewers 4 | Game tied, bottom ninth / Rickie on second, no outs / can't score, pen implodes.
Me too handsome!! RT : I'm thinking my life could use a big injection of fun right about now.
Can I have all your stuffs?
At least ppl will B forced 2 take a closer look at #Mormons actual belief. Their brand of #Exceptionalism is troubling.
The #Futurama is coming!!!!!
I deserve a medal for making it through this week without stabbing someone with a fork.
...but... why are the shoppers at WHOLE EARTH #Princeton so SERIOUS?? lighten up!! this ain't NewYork!
I'm not sure why but I'm dying laughing at that tweet.
I often go to midnight movies and think, "These are my people." Then I get worried. Tonight as a case in point.
Sometimes we dont realize how good we have it. Gotta step back and take it all in
#penelopecruz. Her favorite dress she's worn. Ours too. Stunning!
thanks I'm definitely downloading the app!
In San Diego..
Total oppisite for me RT : Im a terrible text messager...better off just calling me :/
seduce the canon
Exactly! Do research, try something bold the ideas support. If it doesn't work, reassess. Most flops ignore step
I'm wishing all of my fans and friends a happy and safe Memorial Day Weekend.
iOS developers be like fuck them free apps
4 months later n I'm still on the mixtape #NeverDidPlay. Keep up the hard work.
“: Would certainly be very interested!” cc:
How u real wen u half reppin
hope all is well in your corner
Happy anniversary to the 2nd best ballpark in the country #Wrigley>Fenway
no its my first. How bout you.
Back to work after a fantastic NYC weekend!
HEARD that, kid.
To the mystery smell coming from our closet...I WILL DEFEAT YOU!
come swoop me and lets boogey on down to chevvys
OMG <333333333333 I can't say anything else :')
Happy Birthday Girl :)
Today is gonna be a busy day for the babes!
Looking forward to seeing you there!!!!
Having to drive to Cathedral on a Sunday <<
Also Alicia Keyes and Bonnie raite
Looking forward to #sxtrajan. I love fonts.
the latter!
Gong Xi Fa Cai! Happy Chinese New Year! Here comes the year of the Dragon!
I am a smooth talker
why itake all these AP courses thouu ?
Once in a lifetime. Nothing more, nothing less !
I have a movie I'm trying to get financed right now, and it will change everything if I can get it financed, haha.
CHILE please <3
and they pass on more seasoned artists who developed themselves and have perfected their crafts. ageism at it's finest.
Or what about those flyers with the perforated areas at the bottom to take off the URL and take it home?
Omg you're gonna get your braces off in two days!!!!(: Gah! You're probably gonna get more adorable if that's possible(; lol
Cardamom we like and send some cookies my way please ☺
Literally tried to sleep in as long as I can. Slowest week ever!
Opera Champion voting has registered almost 1800 votes so far! Keep it up and pass the word.
good morning!!
thx Jean! I'll subscribe to the mailing list
Oh okay, same thing over here.lol..or when I am talking to my family memebers..My american friends be giving me the side eye lol
Thinking I should delete my fb page...at least until after elections.
B-Town tonight! With and #twitterless Chris jones
madison. I am boarding the plane right now!!
He does. The names of the donors have not been released yet....and most likely won't be untill after the recall.
Just roll down the windows, take a deep breath of the fresh air, and enjoy the ride.
Hey guys want the cleanest purest water at home? Check out www.drinkupwater.com Save money on overpriced bottled h20 & cut down on Plastic!
I don't know why but today feels like its gonna be a great day!
All four days of Halloween were wonderful.
Happiness is not having to compete for anything
Something I forgot to mention last nt. I'm sure if I was a Braves fan I would love the T-Hawk Chop. But since I'm not.. it's SO annoying!
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 36
I didn't get that far. But the photo is of a dude then...and now.
The road can be a bitch sometimes.
You know i can't dance, but i can dance on ya
It's hard to get out of the house with a 10 month old for storytime at 9:15....
Sister Wives is disturbing. I can't stop watching.
Aubrey, get real, you're a no talented wannabe that's been fired on 2 shows now!
driver just cussed me out for no reason!
Fuck them. They don't need to know anything about me..
New summer dance schedule up at www.flamencura.org - try something new!!!
maybe it's my iPod it's still not working for me idk
Today is the DAY! We're serving up #Burgundy #WW #SommChat #LaPaulee in a few short hours!
Blair Levin mentions team is currently proofing National Broadband Plan
I'm frightened.
Sunday=Sailing. Then .... Into the office. The criminal defense attorney's work is never done so long as there is prosecutorial misconduct.
I just love to launch my browser.
Go Blazers!
Felix Hernandez is good at throwing a baseball.
I never was too good at following rules, na na I'm better just pretending I was a fool
RT : Culinary trivia #2: Ounce for ounce, the most amount of iron: spinach, turnip greens, or cauliflower?
Happy Easter New York
thank you =]
This next EP I'm writing sounds sick so far. It's a mix of Ne-Yo, Jesse McCartney, and Nick Carter. Interesting mix!
Morning and TY to all my followers! You bless me with your kindness!
I can agree with that.
yeah! Wait, what?
A Person's character runs deep...like a river...and The course of a river is seldom changed forever...and so too it is with people...
once was told to "Cheer up, things could be worse", so sure enough I cheered up, & things got worse.
GOOD MORNING WARRIORS AND FRIENDS!!!!!
RT : I'm looking to participate in a #GalleryNight this summer. Does anyone know of or have any space they could lend me?
I hate pretty boys.
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell I'll be Right back
Club Play, Mansion & Cameo
what's up man! welcome to tweet world, how's everything going?
easy killer!
Brand new bus for the meet! 🚌
To Laguna Hills we go!
I box, I lift, I do cardio...benchmarks get better & better but I'm not losing inches or weight....
Someone feed me....ill pay you in oral sex.
Going to TRY to sleep. Goodnight~~
Currently have someone from France, Japan, and Iowa looking at our site. Pretty rad.
Back to my not getting up early, start whenever in afternoon route that I love. Sunday's I wake to hit the college stores early but-
oh lol I thought she wasn't having that anymore because she was gonna see trs instead bUT I MIGHT BE WRONG SO IDK LOL
Congrats to my teach who said umm 387 times today beating her old record of 355 didn't think it was possible
RT-no work tomorrow// Nice one!
I heard from a friend of a friend that they saw the Gluten Free Chef Food Cart open on NW 4th & Burnside at lunch time.
Don't know why I chose fitness for P.E, gonna have to start jogging daily starting from tomorrow....
i wuz watching jerry springer and this guy looked like the big o
can you follow me I LOVE all your videos, it would make my day please.?!?:))
...And millions will wake-up without a #MegaMillions winner...
April 21st! see you there
I'm sure Scooter will be willing to debate. As long as it can be on Skype so as not to interrupt his out-of-state fundraising.
Could today be anymore beautiful?!
Excited the Indians keep rolling, but I'm not drinking the "contender" kool-aid just yet
If You Need Advice, Tweet or DM ! She is a New Advice Column!
Make sure to stop by and try our delicious tamales ;)
Remember 2 keep your wristband after the concert the park 4 #happyhour all night long!
is so happy Jesse got the internship!
Leaves are fucking smart. If I were a leaf I'd jump out of a tree too, that snow shit SUCKS. They got the right idea!
Nice rain today in downtown Dallas,Tx.
Twitter's weirding out on me. I just randomly received a DM dated in 2007 that clearly wasn't meant for me. Then it disappeared again.
Will Sprint also carry the iPhone4?
cuddle time with my niece & nephew <3
I know, dollface. I was just joking =P (Not sure if I agree with the advice, but I like that mama's sassy!)
You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have to decide for yourself.♥
Just found out my little cousin Jordan will be on BET 106 & Park in 5 minutes. Check him out
Need a big money right now God please bless me
HOW DID YOU GET OVER 1K TWEETS????
The BITCH in me is beggin to come out...I promise u dnt want it....
“: I'm so happy I now live in a place where I don't see everyone I went to High School with.” no just everyone from Clarion lol
Thx RT : Thanks to for a happy ending to the story I'm working on! Oregon City lacrosse grateful. Details @ 11!
good night guys :)
I just want someone that will watch classic Disney movies with me all day :(
Cat or Dog??
We had an amazing opening night at the AFF! Join us tomorrow for "Rhythmic Uprising," "New Low," "Air Doll," and "Blondes in the Jungle."
I've seen lessons where teacher poses Q and tells kids to post answer/opinion. Everyone participates.
real question is not if change - what change & how abrupt? consider there is no substitute for water
Tough loss, this one stings with that ending
How about those #Chicago #Blackhawks forcing Game 7!!!
She doesnt understand wat it means to be a opportunist.
working in studio w/ long time writing partner Bobby Womack He's still got it.
"it's at big deal"
that nigga put his shoes on with no socks yo feet gon stank #Jus'Nasty
I agree and stand with you !
I wonder who reads my Facebook posts, but never comments or anything? So many lurkers. I love you, but still.
Im happy! I get to bring my glass fish piece home today!
The caption on pic 34 is great.
At the moment, yes. Next month's meeting will be a discussion about how to better run and organize events. Details soon.
I like the 2002 cast but I definitely prefer the 1960 film.
Porches and outdoor walkways at Groves allow ample room to enjoy the outdoors in a safe and secure environment.
made funny, interesting, worthwhile, and brief presentation at
OK, tech fail, not sure what happens on April 5th?
have you seen the new CBA language abt rookie contracts, is it called the Russell Rule? lol
Anyone have advice/preference on good audience response systems? Help!
lucky you. :P
hey thnxs for the follow
me too! Love that movie...
but its so different and cool :)
WHAT THE FUCK. RT : fucking hate clingy people bitch get off
#Lethem, Chronic City. Upper East Side Manhattan as surreal pocket universe, deeply weird and yet completely familiar characters & setting.
Bowie High Principal Jesus Chavez has been reassigned, Jordan says.
...commit random acts of kindness. “: makes me want to commit”
Thanks for drinking with us during your Labor Day weekend!
"only pay for sex if the price seems really, really reasonable"
Gardy and Span thrown out? In the words of I'm seeing "a fun one"
Thanks, hon!
Don't waste pixels on Borg, that is my motto
I hate homework !
I just finished a 1.55 mi run with a time of 24:38 with Nike+ GPS.
Thank you!
somebody who's super busted! i'm sure you will find plenty floating around walmart. ctfu
Currently in the greatest condition..
Time 2 get the morning going everybody!! Enjoy your day...
Payday Latte! My favorite splurge in the city.
Sleep time now, today was overall a pretty greay day just because i got to spend time with :) Made my day soo much better!
LOL I'll have to ask my dad if that's true! Thanks for supporting #TeamSantana Ed!
Thanks for letting me know. There are several errors like that we're looking to get fixed. Any chance for a RT?
I don't know
worshiping the English gods in English class xD
Early bird flight out to Boston: SFO >>> BOS
just been rubbing shoulders with cesc- amazing!!!
What up??
just bought it! Funny stuff!
#WeWontWorkOut if you're some organic freak.
Players: Today is the 1st day of the rest of your playing career. What are you doing today to get better?
Yep.. I was crying when I saw it #doublerainbow ;)
75% off casino style poker chip sets! www.eproducts4less.com
I really can't stand people who won't text you back.
S/o My Brothers I know yall up...LETS GET IT
I Just Made A Love Song For Some One Special Its Also A Break From The End Of The World Genre -Eric
I'll follow when im of follow limit!
Going to be launching a film campaign very soon stay tuned for details!!
“Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.”
Knowing that you only have one more period to worry about until Study Hall >
hahaha the greatest thing I've ever heard. excellent.
I do not cut my life up into days but my days into lives, each day, each hour, an entire life.
Technically all communication is behavior. Everything we do, from breathing to reading, is behavior
How did you enjoy Sunday at the #Masters? What an exciting finish!
ARE *YOUR* SHORTS ANIMATED? RT : Stand-By Alert !! Animated Shorts -- Sunday
Twitter fail!
THANK YOU :D I Love You Too!
June 19th I say all of the beliebers go to your house and you throw a party?(: kidding but I can't wait for #BELIEVE <3
thanks :D so what's up?
Good comment. Thanks for weighing in!
Anything is possible in this beautiful universe...
Y'all better text me some deets
Listening in on #fasting #self reflection
I've officially tweeted 100 times today...u shocked? Proud? LOL
RT : #lawschool has made me really talented at grabbing cookies off of unexplained trays without slowing down.
?ts up, with the Atlanta sports jinx Maybe ParkAtlanta should hand out Falcons shirts ev'ry time they write a tkt for city spirit
": DJ Rooney is killing it!!!!!"Missed this earlier - Thanks Kimberly!
Can we talk about that experience a bit? How weird is it to write your own press releases?
Scott Watts (our new guy!), #duelingpianos player from NYC 6pm, come check him out! Anthony Cao 9pm
I never realized how much I spent until today :( and now I wish I didn't lol
Going to a Drake concert in June(:
I have so many things to do :(
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
hope to see you tomorrow!!! Garyveeinbigd.com
The Man Who Came to Dinner! you all should watch:)
This URL doesn't work!
Monday un-funday. Cant wait for the start of with our big event this friday! Tipsytokens.com 4 more details
If he's gonna do it he's gotta be a little more sneaky
Gods love knows no boundaries. It never runs out. How wonderful is that.
I don't wanna get up 😢
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  1
Media General announces subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, BH Media Group, is going to buy all MG's newspapers, except Tampa Tribune.
You know your a good liar when you start to believe your own lie lol.......
yeah! Right? I thought it was so cool
looks pretty sweet
Better avoid eskimo kisses with them then.
#FF Cuz I am NOT hiring a bass player til she comes over from London.
Celebrating her birthday just next to my table how cool is that #Lucky Love u
is amazing! And i love him very much :)
I would 100% agree w/ that!
Dont mistake my kindness for a weakness bitches or you just might get the surpise of a lifetime that you wont like! :)
mark my words, Kassian will be a successful player in the future, Sabs always trade away talent, interested to see what the new kid does tho
- Thanks! =) Good luck and enjoy the game! Just make sure no one else has picked your number when you enter!
You in the city but...you from a small town
I think #Broncos are slow playing this to get the 2015 #1 overall pick, when #Peyton gets hurt and they go 1-17
have tears in my eyes laughing at 's video outtakes. Want to see more!
Yeah, that was a bit disturbing. But realistic and it fits into the story.
i know i missed tonights episode Im bout to watch last weeks, shits heating up!!
He really done just blew me. Nigga called 7 times in ONE hour. Are you SLOW? Can you take a mfing HINT ?! -__-
No problem!
hussy dancing?!? Good lord...
Hey!! today i finally got a copy of the exhibition catalog for Wu Meichun's 1999 show: post-sense, sensibility, alien bodies, and delusions!
I've said it before and I'll say it again, I fucking hate repeating myself.
thanks for the re-add:) Great blog, reading it now...
We love the spicy mayo, it makes everything better! ;)
": ok cool..its warming up in LaLa...going to get into the 80's and 90's later in the week...Yes!<-- I cant wait I lOve hot weather
In a whacked mood... Idk why.... But I'm not enjoying it.
Just opened for the night! Come celebrate our grand opening before anyone else.
omg imagine you said "hi" to me I would cry my eyes out.
haha its ok everybody knows rookie quarterbacks do worse if they have a good running game as a fail safe...
You bet #HIVE11 Thanks for spreading the word!
Oh cool! I like to play the audio games a lot.
I've surveyed the perimeter of the store. Lobster man has not been sited—no droppings or tracks are visible.
the new app never came out ? so you know excatly when?
Amen! re: ...I think the Henry Rodriguez closer experiment has to be coming to a close.
Well back to real life.
Can't wait to get out of here..
I love the #NFL #Draft. It's Xmas for football fans. Round 1 has turned into Xmas eve when your parents only let you open one gift.
Cause i feel i've running away...
I'm feeling the same about peppermint coffee.
Awesome commercial by . Visit their Twitter profile (on the web), and hold the j key to keep scrolling down.
Cant have ish n this house!
Aww... Just saw hearing the slang term "junk" for the first time. Also just gave his book to Paul for Christmas. Bless 'em!
Good morning!
We have many AN hoses and fitting in stock right now in our Walk in Store. Looking for any, contact us and we can post them online for you.
8 year old piano student to me, "We are both small and pale.". *Sigh. From the mouths of BABES.
Going to see The Dictator👍
am convinced that Nets/Magic/Dwight have some kinda deal in place for a trade in June
Join us for lunch! We meet every Tuesday at 12:15 for lunch at the Hyatt in Downtown #Baltimore. Enjoy a meal and a speaker with us!
We look forward to it!
i'm guessing you like capri sun's. LOL
Shane is recording his last tracks right now. The new EP will be done in a few hours.
You guys kicked mega ass. Thanks for the best night ever. See you in Aug! :) <3
Abductee’s Daughter Speaks of Korean War Kidnappings:
Download 5 of our delicious tracks for your ears to hear, free only on FrostWire =)
Thank you for checking on me though! :) Always appreciate your attention and input, sir.
NOW MONDAY HURRY UP!
guys they're taking album requests
Much appreciated man!
you are fabulous. I'm so in!!!
top of the morning! Did u get my email?
Great films all week at #AFF11. Tonight - "Pariah" at the Texas Spirit Theater, 7 pm.
The dollar cost averaging strategy helps you buy more shares of stocks and mutual funds when prices fall, and fewer shares as prices rise.
i should put together my dresser so i can put laundry away. instead im wearing a denim jumpsuit like a prisoner of the couch.
Q2: Desk ready for me to use, tour of space, meeting to learn about department, lunch with colleagues for personal connection
Damn idk y im up...thinkn bout this guy...seeing u later is gonna bring a huge smile to my face
lol where u from to say that. Cuz its hot is.hot is hell
FIND A WAY, MAKE A WAY!!
#IWillAlwaysLoveYou Your one of a kind voice will be our greatest love of all. Prayers go to the Houston family.
It?s not whether you get knocked down. It?s whether you get up again. Vince Lombardi
Q2. Favorite or most unusual #hashtag you've encountered on Twitter?
How is the modeling coming along?? i absolutely love you! and your kids are the cutest! =)
thanks Phil!
Today, I act like a Princess! #WIERDOO!
The only person I follow on that list is It's not gonna compel me to follow others. Sorry.
the curse of Brandon Snyder!
": Here's to the athletes who wish they were taller."
“: Licking your lips hurts more because digestive enzymes in your saliva irritate them.” you listening ?
uses ReBonding technology
Ready to get off work
Supercommittee: You could have been heroes; risen above differences for good; shown us the best in human nature. Instead, you failed us.
Playing this game with myself where I eat cinnamon buns til I either barf or cry. Which one will it be?
Two facts for the day. 1) The "Mine Is Yours" album is fantastic. 2) Charlie Sheen is a douche.
RT : These Hoes Don't Got A Mind Of They Own.
yea bro im in the A... Wats good?
he thinks we're friends. I'll be hanging out at lunch and he comes up and tries to start a convo. No bitch go away.
I just watched my baby niece crawl for the first time over skype. It was so special and I am so proud of her. Gotta love technology :)
Wait, does Sam really not follow me yet ..? :O
Are you accountable for what you "Say", "Do" and "Communicate"?
so god!
Who's ready for a new Frantic music video? What song should we do?!
what is your nail polish color wjen you are at the Disicks?!
Love it! Here's the work email: , have a fabulous weekend!
lol he tried at least he said something back this time girl Da Brat's little brother aka straight tried me lol!
Does anyone have a good data-driven resource on the growing public awareness of #OpenAccess or #CreativeCommons licensing in academia? Thx!
what up!
RT : It has just occurred to me that I haven't worn makeup in 4 days. #naturalwoman or #cavewoman? #naturalwoman all the way
Thanks Suzi! Yeah, we're still going for it and having fun doing it! Miss you and our coffee time!
I love you(: I'll let you know(;
RT : Same old stuff, just a different day.
damn sholl did!!!! Everybody was looking at u like -____- and O___o and I still ain't fix it yet lol
what about ham and turkey...is that harder than just ham!! lmfao doo it bro!
I heard some bad news about tyrus Thomas today
Damn unsigned hype mixtape in the process n the album got me in the studio 24/7!!!! Lovin every minute
Spend your Friday walking around the city yelling "THE 49ERS SUCK!"
That moment when you're having problems with a guy and crying..but I'm listening to and they never fail to make me smile
thanks for the follow follow my other account too...
:) love this weather. I need to move to the beach!!
don't bail on us today, Tot Boss! WE NEED UR TOTS!
Words may inspire but only action creates change.
Nigga just seen Derrick rose. He's here for surgery
I'm an auditor. Risk scares me.
Never mistake motion for action.
Get Off My Twitter !!!
For a 10 pound cat, 1 cup of milk has the same amount of calories as 4 ½ hamburgers.Let’s take care of our pets starting with a correct diet
oh, im sorry well that shirt you wore gave me flashback all day long m yum.(;
Lay me down and tell me everthing will be alright.
Shit I missed criminal minds ;( hate missing the beginning of shows
We learned so much this week with ! If you couldn't make it tonight, don't worry! Same time next week: 8:30 for Animated HipHop!
And 3 more Blackhawk Helicopters flew over the house in #WickerPark. In honor of hockey? (JUST KIDDING) =)
THE STORY OF MY LIFE RT : I was cooking bacon and the fire alarm went off.
P.S. I Loaf You #loveisloaf you you you...
Anyone have the #GalaxySIIftw? I want to get one so bad! I bet will run amazing on it!
I love women but y'all are some crooked, seriously strange ppl!
Bullshit. Where are they? In a warm hotel room?
I would not even be on twitter if it wasn't for Austin and Alex -Brooke
We go in Dec.~ It was deciding factor that Disney does a good job w/ FAs!
1 hour until a 4 day weekend.
Happy Mothers Day to all wonderful Moms!
hey cutie ;)
yes, legit point, but one way or another, either electorate or leg votes on this. Without either, those in favor will have to wait.
Can you just shut up and face forward?
finally taking time to learn some typography, as a programmer Raphael.js (+ cufón) is really helpful for exploring
RT : Today I learned Nick Nolte and Gary Busey are different people.
ed do you have a tumblr. ed. come on. dont be holding out on me alright.
Pandora inserted an ad about retirement into my Mastodon radio stream. Fuck you, Pandora.
I'll at least mention it in my diss on glitches, which will take up unintentional narrative, among other things.
i think he gave up on us haha
ILL SEE YOU #MAY27th for #PARTYRIOT... i need to link up with you to give you yalls tickets.....
is the most beautiful girl to be on The Hills/Laguna Beach series no doubt. Also an independent, smart, nice woman.
If your teeth are clenched and your fists are clenched, your lifespan is probably clenched. ~ Adabella Radici
Today screaaammss MALL! But I've been doing so good! #budgeting 😠😡
Cinco De Mayo
And nice meeting you also!! looking forward to changing the world!
What a beautiful morning in #SATX, have a great Friday all from
Yup, but apparently a little too late! :)
exhausted from shopping all day
forgot we shared the same best day ever
Human-centric narratives are just easier to understand than abstract systemic theorizing, period.
NEH offers Owensboro Community and Tech College $200K challenge grant for humanities programs.
START GROWING, FACIAL HAIR.
Looking for a word that rhymes with slutbag... need to finish this song.
Hey do you guys think/know if you'll be getting any limited ed. Crushes vinyl for #recordstoreday??
Eric, you are more than welcome. You've been one of my industry idols for over 12 years now :) and still going strong!
A3: Live your life as best you can, be ready to listen, guide, mentor others... be a +++ influence no matter what your past.
Marian Wright Edelman warns that we are headed for a new apartheid with the pipeline to prison.
Is so hard to get noticed by austin all my past tweets i sent him he NEVER sees.
So scared of getting older, I'm only good at being young.
"I'LL BE....THE BEST YOU EVER HAD" *JOHN LEGEND VOICE*
just started listening to reading The Graveyard Book. yum!
What museums does everyone particularly recommend in Denver & why? DAM is a given. thanks!
m I don think so
OMGWTF LUCKY! Be more careful! D: <333
Oh separate comments on your blog? Ok! Thanks for the heads up! :) #happyfriday!
If they don't know your dreams, then they can't shoot 'em down
I want to put on a shirt that says 'life' and starting handing out lemons.
RT "We're Proud Of iCarly"
not usually one for #ff but feel compelled by this week's #beer and #burrito themed tweets:
Ready to be your workout partner!
You're kidding me aren't you Angie! Asking if I want to see more sexy photos of you is like asking if I want more ice cream
it's soo cute how he sleeps...and i love his nose
Did you interview the ICONic Boyz??(:
Going to go eat apple jacks for breakfast see you later, and please follow if your looking for someone to follow!!! Bi Bi
breathe deeply 7 times.
They got us paying 2.28 for a little ass bag of takis .
We're currently looking for a CAD Tech with piping layout and/or pipeline drafting experience. Know anyone?
be a pretty motha fucka...Boston what he's reppin'...tell em' quit the bitchin', he gonna make it in a second
First play of the game Kenneth Faried out-hustles Pau Gasol
double tap the cap button
Hint For Finding A Vet For Your Canine « In Service International
Last night 😊
All hail the pocket square king!!!
Playing volleyball with my little cousins. Hahaa.
Do you like cupcakes? Do you like limos? Do you like BLOODY MARYS? It's settled then. We'll see ya on Sunday at 3pm at !
Yep - sorry, made the correction. :)
Thanks for the love!
awesome,have fun!
ok.. I guess
waiting to get out of class bored like a motha
ppl just fuel his rants. So annoying
I hope buyin me a shot this Saturday lol
Not Monday? Lil' Gibbs and I will be there.
Congrats to , , and for their nominations to the WTIA Industry Achievement Awards.
Second meeting of the year... Currently listening to Vice Provost Damon Williams speak about diversity on campus.
its funny how hoes and weak bitches wanna be treated as if they are solid!
I only saw a half dozen titles but liked Once Upon a Time in Anatolia, The Turin Horse, and Vito. Lovely Molly was fun too.
Blockbuster still wondering "who moved my cheese?" Fantastic idea 10 years ago. Great example of how quickly models change.
you should come visit us!
#DreamatoriumMuch? Can't wait. Tomorrow night. NBC. 8:00.
I wonder if the guy I like gets jealous because I talk about so much :) hehe
Moving day! Had 2 jump thru a million hoops & give 2 mnths adv rent. But its happening!
removed the cool near by map feature. Now the #iPhone app is like any other bland app. ANTI-CLIMATIC
Everyone has that one classic they gave up on...I gave up on Ulysses by Joyce. And "To The Lighthouse" by Virginia Wolfe. Ugh.
how about getting middle school groups into your programs? DC local? How do we do that?
Thanks! You'll be the first videographer we've ever had.
#Itreallymakesmemad when my mom doesn't understand what go away means..
Need a smoke buddy who dwn??
#Chill :D
When your bestfriend wants to listen to ymas >
Get this money
The sun is up, the sky is blue, it's beautiful & so are you' (8) 🎶
haha will do!
Tom also relies on HubSpot's Link Grader for link analytics, regularly tracking and analyzing his website's inbound links
Happy valentines day.......
Thanks for the #FF mention! Great to hear from other local Tweeps.
I wouldn't mind Charles or Chuck, but please, not Chaz!
So I know is busy writing songs and all but... I miss his tweets already :P and it's only been ten hours... Lol
"it was a hedge against a hedge against a hedge." hedge cubed?
It's the meal of champions!
Zayn malikkk foreverr hot! One direction forever be NO. 1 ! i will be always with you guys whenever you guys having a hard or happy time :)
come back to Dallas, please...
I love meeting new people :)
Imma go pick up give her this good dick an head so she can stay out her feeling smoke another blunt an go to sleep
ugh , I didn't even drink alot and I feel hungover. t-_______-t
new profile pic right there Haha
lets chat!
Gonna listen to a little Nova Y Jory 👌
Feels great to co/inspire. It is a great honor, thank you! Please continue all the great work.via
I just realized something "amazing...ly awesome." -Jake
I mean
It's not my fault you were 30 minutes late to pick me up for the third time in a row, so you have no right to yell at me, stfu
What a depressing morning to come online and see no one really dug 'Tree of Life'.
#updownledtrightselectstart - should get u in rac
hit kent clark up
thank you so much! :)
come to Wisconsin! Not great here either. That's why I drive a
so ure going to Korea no matter what then? That's like me and going to Indy haha but u won't have a host family to help out :(
Kobe shoulda just stayed in the shitter
You get what you want. You win. I give up.
i found humor in the tension between the mundane & dramatic
Happy Birthday!
Amen. 😌 RT : Curling up into bed before midnight is one of the best feelings ever. 💤🐑🐑
Going to Crop Walk 2012. I sincerely thank EVERYONE for allowing God to use them to help feed the hungry! Amen.
Happy Easter!!
Saw fat man tailing a guy in a hoodie here in NYC, thought it was ZImmerman, just a cop!
yes honey boo boo (;
when you have subss all week & no homework..
HOW MANY LEADS YOU GONNA BLOW IN THIS GAME SHITTSBURGH?!
be prepared for your thirties lmaoooo
Goodnight and god bless with my feet on the ground head to the sky.
#FF my favorite up and coming singer ! She's going on tour with Big Time Rush and Cody Simpson this summer.
I LOVE YOU?! why can't you see that I wanna stop loving you but it's so hard :/
while everyone is having an awesome time at Austin's concert...ill be sitting home alone, dying.
I ain't neva ran from a nigga & I ain't about to pick 2day to start running!!!!hahaaaaaaa
oh!!! I have even better cookies for you :-)
Thanks! Good Morning.
I'll have the Chain of Custody Onion Straws and the Lorenzi Martini....wait...whats in that martini?!
#Seanpayton suspended for the entire season, guess he won't
I work for non-profits. Always on the go, with no money to spend. Son is a student. Upgrading would be wonderful.
I could've sworn I had a little Dermalogica left. I had 2 use soap....SOAP!..ON MY FACE!...what am I an animal?!
Big Time Rush concert or Pauly D event? Which would you prefer??
Working incredibly hard not to follow every cute girl's twitter, only the #gamergirl gets a follow
What is it with men ah right thats it
It's never too early in the morning to file a bug report.
Make sure that the adapter for the lens matches the body of your camera.
I LOVE U MY FRIEND!
I know :/ what's up with all those numbers? Lol
Depending on who gets elected in 2012, I might be right there with you in Vancouver!
All's well that ends well!
Thanks for the follow, I'm sure that I will be contacting you about ways to "Green up" our business, it is in the plans.
will do !! thanks.
Kid next to me is brilliant! Just stacked 9 slices of apple together and called it an apple sandwich! His sis all of a sudden wanted apples
Overheard someone say she will now only buy gas at BP stations: "they need the money for the clean up."
Unbelievable product! i cant believe this is gonna be made. must be amazing not to have to open bottles. Twist Aid to the rescue.
I just wanna see your smile. <3
This knot in my stomach just wont go away. I've never felt this much pain in one day.
show us what your neighborhood looks like.
New Cinco De Mayo sweepers that go down easy with a little salt & lime on
watching Greys Anatomy, AKA, the new place for music videos and bad acting.
New Jersey (South)- need females for bikini promotions assignment. No nudity. Pay is 50 dollars per hour Plus tips. (Casting Code B3)
Serenity now, insanity later.
hey cuz I'm new to this again
*Blushing* - Thank YOU for all of the help and of course for being great company to enjoy the night with! :)
How many catches will Moss get this week? I say 4 for 70 yds no td's!
I thought vegans were hard core. But freegans??? They take it to a whole other level. FYI, Freegans are also known as road kill scavengers.
John Dean: extent of Nixon culpability in Watergate cover-up may never be known.
The Big and Tall stores mostly have lame clothes. So I am super specific about where I shop.
true. They paying him way too much
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate
So jealous! A good cleanse is such an awesome way to reset/restart the system!
please tell me you're joking. anything by whitney houston also off the table.
Thanks for following! Looking forward to reading your inspiring and uplifting tweets! Happy Friday :)
i think so, gotta check the sked I think might be on vacation here shortly!
Kreps is a little too rose colored glasses about info tech and life improvement for me.
Legal Reference Librarian Opportunity in Seattle! Email me at !
Our show w/Chef Chris Foster of will re-air on 5/9, but today, we're on set w/Chef Drew Dzejak of the
so far i've spent about $600 for my senior stuff... -_- && im not even done yet
Doesn't get any stricter than a book set in the past!
Took petition to my child's swimming lessons and scored 2 sigs!
New job openings @ TASC: Policy and Communications Coordinator (CBASS) --and-- International Expanded Learning Time Intern...
we messed up?!!!?!?? I'd just like to say we lost our chance. Haha which happens a lot actually
Open sesame - time to send out beta invites
Amar'e Stoudermire enrolled to the University of Miami today news really spread fast in Florida can you smell a new Miami Heat player
I could not be any happier to hear Obama finally manning up & stating there's nothing wrong with same-sex marriage.
Loved playing with a nice ipad looking at a screenshot of wikipedia, while sitting in a hot-ass room, while cameras are in everyones faces.
ouch... new computers can't come fast enough! Q1 of 2010 if we're REALLY lucky!
Nearly COB...mischief managed!
woman on his household staff more than a decade earlier. (Schwarzenegger and his wife, Maria Shriver, had announced their separation
Eating at Orochon Ramen... Special #2, trying to get on the WALL OF BRAVERY!!!
I'm annoyed lol ....
Sir I want to buy these shoes, for my mama please.
Thank you! Hope your weekend is great!
We all have two lives. The one we are given and the one we create. - Mary Chapin Carpenter
Chile-crusted prime rib tacos w blk bean & corn salsa w cilantro-lime sour cream. Served w roasted tomato rice pilaf $17.95 (
dad found the account again. deactivating for a long time. sorry guys, bear with me :(
Our new mural is just about done - pictures soon! Or stop by and see it in person!
PLEASE I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW HOW I CAN GET A NUDE PHHOTO OF YOU
Correct answer is old people need less sleep "RT When I asked how he wakes up so early every day his reply was..."
This day better go fast. I'm so tired i can't even keep my eyes open.
missed ya!
Good Morning! Everyone we all need to pray really hard for rain! Rain is crossing over Texas! Let's all enjoy some! Hope your day is Great!
Everything gets harder as you age, but we know it can be done! Did you get started saving in that window of opportunity?
Fingernail painting. Oh the joys girls on vacation
MAN I hate MPDGs. It's probably unhealthy how much they bother me, but I don't care. >:|
Thanks for the shout out!
My husband is concocting his Halloween costume out of random hoses, shimmery piping and battery operated twinkle lights. I can only imagine.
same here.
I have the same reaction on "Lost" It'll pop into my head, I'll blurt out "hey do you know what happened at the end of Lost?"
Sometimes, inspiration & help comes from those you hardly even know, or a person you just met! And for that, I say thank you!
Wonderwall has an article titled "Jeremy Renner Misses His Puppy." If this doesn't win a Pulitzer then there's something wrong with America.
Bayless went down late in the game, it looked like a leg cramp. Hope he will be ok and ready for tomorrow nights game.
GREAT work-out this morning! Now to get ready to face the day :)
RIGHT! No comparison tho! RT : And there goes the twitter beef...comparisons to Zimmerman...blah blah blah. ✌
I promise to not stay up past 10:30 in my time xD :)
Lmaoo RT : &lt;------ Joey Crawford of Twitter. Will hit you with the #Tech and I ain't talking about the 9.
any preference on the hashtag? we've got a good start at #annconf but no real preference...
A great leader...makes greater leaders..
2nite Tiki Bar w/ and many more
Clear Channel Radio, 14001 Dallas Pkwy # 300, Dallas, TX 75240. It's right across from the galleria. Go to the 3rd floor
Cristobal Silva: When submitting to academic journals, referee letters are most valuable part of process. A gift of the profession.
watch for the three wolf moon too!!!
had the pleasure of meeting today. real cool dude. If he wasnt doing music, he would be a great sportscaster
i believe u
He did have fun - I think the highlight was the food. Don't worry, we'll get to Chile sometime :)
RT : Our Clippard Family YMCA and the Autism Society of Greater Cincinnati are inviting Greater Cincinnati families who......
I love sleeping
RT I don't know what your plans are for the evening, but I'll be at the slinging drinks... Come see me <3
50% off towards your CanvasPop purchase on www.crowdclick.com! Gives you the chance to have a totally cool and unique gift this christmas!
Heyy! How are you? :)
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Dominique Ford ⁰Rising 6th Las Vegas, NV ⁰Travel Team: Vegas Elite ⁰Point Guard 5’1
<< aye fat dat nigga "b" is a trip.
"I broke the bat, now I break the man" Justice League: Doom gave a great taste of Batman vs. Bane action! Can it be July already?
: Why Yanks sign Garcia in first place, then get 2 more starters? Burnett must go soon, then Hughes to pen makes sense!
I had not! Those are the bee's knees. Or perhaps, the tentacle's knees. Thanks!
This clippers grizz game is a great one
2nd Annual Urban Book Festival was okay. I had fun and met some wonderful authors.
I have no idea what the hell we're watching. But it's fucking funny.
I-NEED-FOLLOWERS RETWEET THIS 4 A MENTION!!!!!!!
Thank you!!
must be a slow day in the joe house
11 days until my birthday 💟
sure thing. look forward to reading more!
CenturyLink Twin Cities is officially entering the Twitterverse !!
very pretty.
I should get goodies cuz I got beat up at your show at #liverepublic while I was tryna shoot a
Happy Saturday!
For no reason.
Wow seriouslly that is messed up? So did she ask 4 a kiss from him? Or did she want to kiss his cheek?
the guy isn't even a player! Coach or a fan maybe?
Q4 Nope. Food is not a reward.
Relying on the government to protect your privacy is like asking a peeping tom to install your window blinds. John Perry Barlow
My head says "your gonna find the perfect guy one day" But my heart says "you already found him he just dosnt feel the same way"
Mark: you know you have problems when you start defending Chemistry.
Thank you for the follow as well, Kristen. Looking forward to sharing your tweets.
I am blessed because God gave me another chance today.
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
If this means more Taco Bell commercials for Brian Wilson, I hope his elbow is alright.
It was Yummy ! Hope your Thursday is going great!
Waited to the last minute again, darn-it buying gifts later today. Office party later today beer,wine, food and fun.
from is discussing broadband @#ebiznow Philadelphia event - she's GREAT!!!
yeah i know how you feel sage and sugar just got locked in the last 20 mins
dude all I've done a day is watch mad men and play video games. I need to go to the gym or something to not feel totally lazy
#Colts trying to imagine the franchise after Peyton! It's hard
and Teen Wolf commercial.! Cant wait for that show to come back on c:
where are you swimming
Jim Camden of breaks down the new poll in his Spin Control blog.
That awkward moment when your friend tells you about the guys she has dated or like her and you're thinking, "I can't even get 1 guy." :(
hey babe. We should probably change your name so it isn't 25941541......not sure how but we can figure it out.
ew. I look horrible.
someone bring me mint chocolate chip ice-cream and I'll love you forever 
Ichiro ... Way to GO
Rep. Connie Mack at Tampa gas station blasting the President and Sen. Nelson on Keystone pipeline. Mack launching petition to support line.
I'm in the mood for a flash mob....
The 12 right
comparing and gets on my nerves! thier is no competition. they are both wonderfull artists.
Yes, I was gonna say, SKIN HUNGER had some downright shivery parts!
So who out there can act? Seriously if u can act and don't just think u can act get at me.....its for the A3F 48 hour Film Festival..
SUEDE Lounge THURSDAY - Tables are OFFICIALLY Sold Out - If you missed your opportunity there is good news FREE/Comped Drinks 9pm-10:30pm
Today for CARE week: Caught in a bad romance? WRC McELroy 141 at 1 pm
not murder - just desecrating a dead body
Hello Earth, it's so good to see you..... Seeing me.
Job interviews followed by my favorite activity in the world, boxing.
Leadership means clarifying the destination in a way that makes others want to go there, even if it doesn't exist yet.
ima real wit me&be real wit u at the same time
I don't think the umps are the prob, it's the angle with which they're making these calls. Time for replay.
Fuck, glad I'm not the only one...
jonesin to see this new show on ABC #TheB****InApartment23...
I can see that, save the kissing for sometime when it's special
Boomgarden leading Rodgers 5-4 in the first set of what has been a testy match. Pretty clear these guys don't like each other.
: WE ARE CURRENTLY TAKING CUSTOM ORDERS .. TO PLACE AN ORDER OR FOR ANY OTHER INQUIRIES PLEASE E-MAIL .
You should take the T Jessica, parkings expensive in Fenway on game nights, ESPECIALLY Yankees games. Were 5 mins from Kenmore :)
Its hotter than a muthafucca
time to start this day. lets do this
- I am a constituent and I oppose SOPA & PIPA
Thanks. Way to rock that stage yesterday -- lights out and all!
sludge you killer you killed Sylvia, you need to be in jail
And may he never drink bud light for we will teach him of local microbrews when he is an appropriate age-Lessons for 's baby BOY
Follow Me Please!? 47
push urself again & again. don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds (larry bird)
not normally, items Ben a long, cold, winter
Please follow me! <3333
gotta love how every marching band stole so many things from drumline...
He's pretty awesome.
I cannot believe it... After so much waiting and hoping, I'M SEEING RADIOHEAD ON MAY 31ST, GA SECTION!
We are open tomorrow!!! Still have a few reservations open!
Good Morning I'm on my way to work. I will have a good day. I hope everyone else have one also.
Silence is golden but duck tape is silver.
Its plenty fishes in the sea hoe u just bait...
For the next 8 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: $6.99 Meatball Mania
Word! RT Support good #music when you hear it.
to put your Bearenstain mysteries in perspective: "That anvil would have killed that coyote!"
Of all the Maury classics, my favorites are the ones where he spends the hour gawking at 200 lb. toddlers eating Popeyes.
We're headed back to Scottsdale this winter... Let's try to meet up!
Well done, boys. Well done.
BMW and Hyundai said to be in engine cost-sharing talks BMW and Hyundai are discussing a possible tie-up in engine development and other
Are you following the brilliant ? Amazing writer!!
Awesome! Can't wait to see what you do with them!
Sign up at your local dealership and join the #ChevyGirls on Oct 16th at the Making Strides Against Breast Cancer walk.
That said, very few men are really MEN anymore. You are right to be fickle
If you would like an EP this week send is a message and we will meet up with you or tell you your options. :D help is out
Gayle’s Miracles is a reduced fat, low-cholesterol treat, that is all natural.
You can't help but laugh when others are laughing, it is contagious.
ugh CAHSEE tests fr next 2 weeks nd I broke my humerous in 2 in my writing arm #imfucked:'(
ladies, ladies! Let's keep this PG-13! ;)
you know the Suess poem "the places you'll go"? I need to write one called "the things i would say", you know if twitter/fb weren't public
O Ghost Hunters, i am not scared... all amazon here..
#goodnight twitter. Pray for me! #prayer always works :)
the album is weird, eh?
#MARLIN DAY BASEBALL.
David Brooks told me Bush had incredible social intelligence 1-on-1. Evolutionarily that was key to big brains.
D: No! The Blackhawks lost!! BO!
Thanks for the mention. Hope you enjoyed #sb45 !
Just realized I double booked myself for a presentation.
Congratulations to and his family, celebrating the birth of his newborn baby!
well, buy bug spray!
Just found out in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball EXPERT Draft I have the 6th overall pick. Draft kicks off at 8:15pm ET. Who Do I Roll With 6th?
" We need to act quickly " ,or "the opportunity is gone forever. This is the biggest hindrance to digital creativity.” - Ekaterina Walter
How I love the East Coast but dread the jetlag when I return back to Cali. Livin' through it right now!
Tweet me numbers & I'll say something nice about you.♥GOGOGOGOGO! :{) #TweetAwayyyy .♥
It's always darkest just before it goes pitch black.
No one will understand how close I am with my gymnastics friends.. They are more like sisters 💗
I mean PROUD.
My tennis class is amazing. There is no better way to start the day
We're r u from u n cali
Don't go broke tryna look rich, act your wage ..
“Control your own destiny or someone else will.” - Jack Welch
"It may have been Helen's face that launched 1000 ships, but it was Homer's poems that launched 1000 academic debates" P. de Souza (1999) 21
its sunny now but theres a chance of rain all night. I know man I miss RT
Groupon Great success!! 1756 sold!! Busy Busy Busy
you are such a inspiration. Just thought I would pass along a kind gesture since you do the same to everyone else!
From Wanda To Rihanna: Artifacts From 'Women Who Rock' At The Rock Hall Of Fame
yeah Walk is pretty good. I probably sound like a Debbie downer... BTW, congrats on turning 21 soon. Don't go too hard!
its ridiculous I know
Oh yeah, those are fun. I haven't seen the latest Musketeers movie, either!
Don't do phone sex you'll get hearing AIDS . lol
I thank God I grew up in the Midwest because out here in the DMV (DC, MD, VA) most families don't seem to do "family time"
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself
dm i will tell you
Have a Huge Wedgie.. PLEASE HELP ME! E-mail me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies? or text me 954-608-9103
Sunday Funday with Dexter and Homeland.
We are extremely proud to announce a major milestone for : 3000 clients served in Philadelphia since July!
Kicking it in Frenchville, ME. Holla
Do u really want 2 know the #thingsthatpissmeoff are there are mainly 2, JUSTIN BIEBER and MILEY CYRUS.
Chocolate peanutbutter cheesecake is back at Lottie's - m, m.
hm. Why don't you send me a copy of this recalcitrant doc? I'll take a look
Wondering what the Dems will do now they no longer have a veto-proof majority. Me thinks they'll still try to pass Obamacare.
348: Believe it or not, I'm actually thankful for today's 13-hour workday, because it very easily could have been even longer.
New Sherlock! New Mad Men! Life is good!!!
Continue to do what is right.. God notices and will Bless any attempt you make to please Him
I lost my nose ring in my sleep! 😔
Like god intended all appendages to be neon purple!
Addicted to Deadwood thanks to
I enjoyed our meeting this week. Thank you!!!
it takes a special person to understand and accept our jobs.
I will definitely spend more time on Weblists and Teenread.com
the hard part is going to be the 6 month recovery!
wanna change my ava -,-'
apparently I injured my foot this evening when I fainted. it's quite sore. I seem not to have hit my head at all though, so that's good.
Taxes submitted. BIG check mark off the to do list for the weekend. Yay.
When defeat overtakes a man, the best and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do.
I wish Milwaukee had cash cab.
WHY do I feel as if I am watching a game...I am THAT nervous! YIKES! Do I need to get my foam Packers brick out?!?
Polls now closed in #Cameroon after Oct 9 pres elections. About 7.5 M Cameroonians expected to have voted. Results on the way.
i love the show friends 😊
Lemme make some breakfast I'm starving starving starving...as if anything is new LOL!.
Holy. This game is full of fights ! Poor Hossa :( THE GOALIES ALMOST FOUGHT !!!!!! No one goes after Kaney boy.
a hit me up man tryna have a party on friday
After the intense experience of #business2012 it's back to #combatcompanyrichmond to work with the team for their boxing matches next week
My apologies. We are working quickly to resolve this. We love having you come to The Cable Show every year. See you in Boston.
This calculator is old. Recurly bundles a payment gateway but not merch bank account. not apples/apples.
that sweet
At the Waverly Inn for a cozy Saturday lunch in the gorgeous W Village
Pickup Line: I just shit my pants. Can I get into yours?
I bet it is. Very impressive though! text me your email I have some 30's I did for some local joints would love you feedback.
Ditto! RT I'm going to get so much done toda- oh look, the internet.
parents piss me off... cant wait till i can move the fuck out soon..
Debating on things
SEE WHAT IM SAYING N MY # AINT IN IT. U AINT SERIOUS BOUT DIS SHIT
Woke up at 6:52 I'm supposed to be at school at 7:00 lol I'm not looking so goo today xD
I'm Alive is a stressful show to watch! I feel like I am covered in Bees now. I can't handle this show.... Lol
Digital World Shop » Spa Parts – 1800Pools
Les mots valent moins que les actions (Actions speak louder than words)
you'll bounce back kiddo
ppl will follow any trend to fit in. smh?
#ThingIGottaTeachMySon the glorious game of Baseball
I'll have Sidney Mintz drop off some party snacks ;-)
Do you have a link? RT : Madonna mentions Joni Mitchell as one of her idols.
things are good. Staying busy busy homeowners. No babies yet. How are you?
took you long enough ;-)
love you too c:
USING ALL CAPS MAKES ME FEEL POWERFUL.
yeah cause can't stop reading it
just Concords right now. Not looking to move anything else
Hi Seth. We should have them edited and ready within a month.
dude you look like a vintage bum in your AVI
Trying to decide what to read tonight for Shakespeare's birthday. Maybe some sonnets? Maybe Othello? Not feeling Hamlet today.
lynching is pretty damn democratic-"almost" every person was for it
we read aloud a fresh twitter poem by Poet Laureate of the Blue Ridge Parkway ( writer) - go immediately to
Sure! Glad you like them.
The lord only gives u as much as u can handle. All I can say? Is I can handle the effin world right now
I'm gonna need someone to deliver me a skinny vanilla latte... Please and thank you!
did you get my email? just a quick dash for awards. will be back soon, eager to hear abt your gig!
Keep an eye out for - This weekend - 3 stages | 17 bands + George Benson
both teams were warned.
loves me <333333
dont call me that
hey miranda you coming 2012 after germany ?
Not to much longer till we're in the studio, and a short time after that, we'll be playing our first show!
hey,u at the game??
dangg itt!! I wanna ask but I'm scared lol
Yay! ;-) Love that! So glad to hear you are well!
oh well ill talk to you tomorrow....have fun
Too many errands!!
": There's an inhouse atty on the jury venire. Employment alone is not a predictor of verdict or damages. Even an atty.
It strikes me as a fear of the conversation that might occur. Not unreasonable, but not sustainable.
Wats up peeps
awesome idea
what is up? When is the next magazine article coming out?
Pam Geisselhardt from KY: "So much emphasis on testing, no time to teach. We want to make sure that no child is left behind."
Very confused. Thought I just saw an ad for a colonoscopy sweepstakes...
I may not be the tiniest girl but might I just say - dayum I look hot today.
nap since I'm feeling
I'm just used to people I know telling me it's boring. And there isn't a question limit! This tweet to be continued...
Tryna see what I'm about to eat
The more I sit and look at these cars the more I'm gonna strive to get one for myself.
counting down!!!
Nice! My focus was French art in the 19th and early 20th century. Somehow I studied abroad in Italy, though.. :)
Congrats ! You won a gift pack and tickets from the !
lol yes sir!!!
so i keep seeing a commercial of schlitterbahn on tv....i guess it's a sign that we're going this summer...is it good? ive nvr been there...
"Music is my religion." -Jimi Hendrix
Also: thanks iTunes Genius for deciding that Justin Bieber feat. Sean Paul belongs on this reggae playlist. Srsly.
Wishing you and your family a blessed day as well!
Another beautiful Feb weekend in store! Welcome to the Girl Scouts from Trabuco Canyon, LA, Manhattan Beach, Corona del Mar & Carlsbad!
Best thing about this Duck fans: Wisconsin has been in front much of the way, but it's tied and Ducks get ball first to start 2nd half.
I'm a big fan of but could honestly care less about Dancing With The Stars!
ok, hit u guys up in a bit! Idk where, you tell me pleayal !
did the uncle break it?
Yeah! That's more like it! Safety first...
are u guys down forever or what? hopefully everything is alright.
Can't wait to go downtown and check out all the #SB madness!
Never seen anything this ridiculous b4. sitting for 1hr on tarmac waiting for our plane to "burn down fuel". no wonder tickets cost so much
Thanks for the tweet. We appreciate your support!
95.4% on my Spanish speaking final!!!
Yes...but Kraft loves winning and turning a profit, not just winning. He loves that Bill brought him home playoff games!
the hottest guy on the planet! !!....hes the best friend of Austin mahone &hes on youtube
“: Real love never dies just gets tried .”
Oh I think I love that boy Do anything for that boy...<3
almost done with that hunger games post. how fixed is that 700-word limit? my words spilleth over.
“People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.”
How many bloody fucking 'just moments away' teasers can we hear on #RuPaul tonight?!?
HAPPY BDAY BEAUTIFUL GET FUCKED UP
I think that's the next transition for Pinterest, huge opp for retailers
Yeah sure, my friends and I have been looking so hard for a collection like this. And thanks for showing me.
ugh.HOMEWORK.i hate it so much i have to finish a 230 word story
you put a check mark next to your twitter name because you think you need to verify it.
#Drupal training at #THATCampGTA earlier today was very helpful. Spent the rest of the day exploring #Toronto. Can I move here?
did you find something creative to do today?
I don't get the anti-QR code meme. Seems like Apple fan nonsense since they're mostly an Android thing. They're easier than typing in a URL.
catfish eat dirt. you eat catfish. you eat dirt.
Cut up on Greek yogurt...yum!
If your looking to bless yourself and be blessed you might not find joy.
GA Friend! I know...late as usual. Hope ur day has been going well.
mass marketing of everything from shoe models to protein bars makes running so complicated 4 folks. Humans r amazing machines!
Thanks for the retweet!
I'm having issues with them, too. Won't let me follow more than 2,000.
Salma Hayek's dance in From Dusk Till Dawn is so hot. Everytime.
if we were getting the ten yr younger version of him, that would be ok. there's a reason no team has signed him.
also, send me tips for Seattle. I'm flying out today
coughing up gross stuff and can barely breath out my nose...so I chose rest this week lol
My last day with the Justice Department was yesterday. Allison Brown Consulting (ABC) is born - equity in education is our goal. Let's go.
miss you too!!!! All well?
yes, its genealogy...have been working on my tree for yrs. now, saw the Ireland homestead a few yrs.ago,beautiful country.
YES LEBRON JAMES TO THE MIAMI HEAT! LETS GO. DWAYNE WADE YOU FINALLY GET SOME HELP!!
Breaking up is hard to do.
yeah, that's usually the way it works
Coming up on my show on 2day 12-3PT: , , Dr. Desai, Deion live tweeting domestic assault, John L Smith bolting
These are different owners than those, let's hope they are more sane (doubt it)
Jesus has risen / Hosanna in the highest! / ... now he wants some brains.
Don't change for anyone. They should love you for who you are, or you don't need them in your life.
send me the link as well :P
Goodluck seymour track
but they don't have an answer for Shaq, who's guarding Kobe & could Sam go off like AI? I don't think so
get aggressive, feed off the ranger crowd, control the zone, attack attack attack.
Me too... Love!!! RT i am so following on twitter!! twitter just got awesomer:)
Now thanks to I have to stay up and help Hector with both his papers.
18 hours ahead.
Hopefully My Mum Gets My Letter/Card c:
it's so fuckin' hot today; I might die.
I lost my car this month. I bike, bus, train (yay!) and walk. We should defs meet up on the River Bridge! (Full moon? ;)
I had a very, very successful shopping day!
Colombia has a hippo problem because of Pablo Escobar. Fact.
The Bulls aren't winning without Rose, idiot. Is 1.4 your average points or intellectually sound statements per year.
"I want an iPad" - oh yes iDo!
I just renewed my membership, so I'll be checking it out next Monday! Can't wait!
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result
ima text you in bout 30
Want to learn about building credit? Come to Common $ense Financial Literacy Series tonight at 6:15 in McShain Lounge. FREE pizza!
Hey hun :] im doing really good! How about you?
The Tucson shooting ended when he was reloading.
#ReplaceOneDirectionSongsWithCarrot Stole my carrot
yes you can breath, yes we know justin is a tease, next topic please
i've been waiting by the phone all night...
I got that maps song by the yeah yeah stuck in my head
No clue who Ashton Kutcher is supposed to be but The Voice is way better than American Idol.
This speaks volumes as to what it takes to be an #orioles fan.
Till the ends of time Jack Daniels will always be my choice of liqour
!!!!!!! They better be super boss status :)
Time for school =) bye yaal ;)
Okay ! but sometimes my DMs dont work :/
Impressive, Colton. But what's with the jeggings?
aight he going hit chu up when he out there
babies kept you awake?
Snow, so lucky. We need some more snow here in Colorado. Been a dry winter.
Too many of you women think you're good women.....smh
just follow your fucken dreams. let 'em talk cause they can't follow theirs so they try making your dreams nightmares.
#bulls and #raptors time !
My pleasure! Love ISE Phoenix!
Have fun ditching your's son's hockey game :)
def miss everyone - let's plan a lunch soon
I've gotta go with the wedge RT : if you could be any simple machine, which one would you be?
Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform.
Then he yellin at me & my grandma bcuz we ain't offer him & damn hot pocket -__- NIGGA DIDN'T YO GREEDY ASS JUST EAT?!??!
During my break from work, I went to the grocery store, made dinner, finished packing for MS, vacuumed and prep for Babes!
I'm so bored
good morning honey
thank you!
being alive is kind of a miracle. that's how I'm feeling. I'm generally only here when I get a message!
glitz, glamour, talent, and passion...Oscars! :)
but seriously...every day is Mothers Day. Oh shit...how'd I end up on Tony's timeline *backs away slowly*
Just tore it up opening for Parabelle!!! Had a great time! Met the guys from Next to Nothing!! Check them out...cool ass guys! Slim
Speaking of, shouldn't we be further along with umbrella technology by now?
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is wont someone to listen an talk to them
When Dobby is gonna drop the cake on that lady's head unless Harry says he won't go back to Hogwarts... JUST LIE, HARRY. JUST LIE.
Thanks for the re-follow, and I hope you had a nice Easter.
I would help you, but I have never watched bridesmaids...
My Bass dropping so the Beat knocking.
I've always been good with words, but sometimes they insist that I treat them badly. /via
Someone help me! I'm at home crying to the Lion King..
three referrals get you a 3.5 for 50
when the fuck will you change your bio?
#Redskins #NFL #Football #FF Don't Forget To Show your support on Facebook! www.facebook.com/Redskinfans
Why is that mother still breast feeding her three year old?! I fear this is more common than we think. Also- the kid will be taunted 4 life.
You stupid.
The first and almost the only Book deserving of universal attention is the Bible. John Quincy Adams
i did love!
I unfollowed a lot of people who weren't following me. I follow people who follow me back. #teamfollowback <3 guarantee <3
That's right #RVA! Our February Line Dance Class is happening on Friday, 2/17, at 7PM, at 1400 Idlewood Ave. Check out photos on Facebook!
Let me know if you need any help! :)
🐰smelling like you is perfect.
Just because someone smiles all the time, doesn't mean their life is perfect.
is it really only 19? Goodness ..
ready for
Because Vince believes in Phil Mendelson and doesn't want confusion to cost him his job. He has a microphone and wants to help.
hey you guys want to be a part of this #Cohesia event Im organizing??
Lucky you
I know the feeling RT : Delayed in Denver
I'm laike bawling in my office thinking about his daughter.
Ah, I was wondering where my exhaustion had gone. There you are, you old so-and-so.
Aww mann :( I'll try not to spoil it for you. I'm just amped! Two of my favs goin at it tonight!
2am why am I still awake?! I gotta get to the airport.
Just watched the Blago press conf, which seems to have come from an alternate universe (where he was impeached for helping sick people). WOW
Day one of spring cycling camp: 60 miles, 7000 feet of climbing.
#ICNY - Straight from Brad Inman's mouth- Brand your own brand not someone else's
Keep supporting our beautiful girl (: . Y'all know what it is .
Thanks for the Follow!
we're at for lunch from 11-1:30 tomorrow!
I'm making a summer bucket list rn,so if you wanna add anything,tell me!c:
ManU Report: City still in our shadow – Fergie
I'm so excited you could almost say that "I don't wanna wait..."
lol i hate being single.....
6th anniversary THIS weekend at the mocha lounge! Look out for drink specials!
Marketing tip: Got a #bizcard? Write the date, place and what you talked about on the card. Unless you're in Japan or China.
Hope if they play him correctly
Hey #Ward5: Every #vote counts! Esp in the rain! RT I was just voter # 3 at precinct 44 in the
mm no me van a dejar hacerlo
Hell of a game! do Howard or Smith Twitter? On to the next one.
I love how Kanye gets emotional in some of the songs he makes!
Am following the #12ntc - looks good for everyone interested in #socialmedia +
chace hits that one.......
A mother's love for her child is like nothing else in the world. --Agatha Christie
Comfort Inn Vancouver/Portland has an Oregon Zoo Package for $109. Book online @ www.vancouverwahotel.com Includes hot breakfast too.
for sure because you work there... >:)
OMG lol watching & on YouNow && watching on USTREAM haha this is nice . . .
Did you know that every tweet is archived at the Library of Congress and is a permanent record of our generation?
thanks Patryk. your CUNY mission statement project sounds great too. would love to know what you find.
Michigan State, I'm going to be veeeerrryy upset if you don't start winning.
Here we go again!!
Just downloaded the soundtrack to The Fugitive on iTunes. Oh my dear heavens!!!! I forgot how amazing it is!!!
.: lawyers will one day be part of the hacking process. [this is likely something many coders explicitly *fear*]
iPhones are cool because they just work... I will probably miss the google/andriod seamless integration...but probably not.
Shrimp Po' Boy from for lunch today. Messy, but so delicious!
A lady might contact me about a job today. :D
The #Futurama opening line was too small. Someone say what it was!
Nichols' political analysis is a different kind of animal from ours. He spends more time on the editorial side, which we avoid.
Summer is getting so close (:
thanks :) I love you too <33
only in egypt would you want to sex up your dead wife, in america we dont want sex with the wife while shes alive. Smh
