yeeee buddy use that blue belt magic
remaining optimistic that missing balloonists Richard Abruzzo and Carol Rymer-Davis will be found.
Love that show RT : Trying to watch #FirstTake but I am so sleepy!
So much for the new years eve party my bf just passed out :/
We find this to be so true: RT : "What entrepreneurs need most isn’t knowledge. What they need is the ability to evolve."
I heart Catcher. My daughter is totally fine with "pretending" to be the bad guy. *hangs head*
Much Aloha ! Eat Well.
the only one who got, got last night was you and the miz truth and that just a preview of whats gonna happens on survivor serie
reasonable doubt
Loves life leavin for school in... 5 weeks : )
I will find you. And I will fuck you.
Reading a great book called the spirit walk.
Video Upfront conference in New York. Looking forward to kickoff.
Remember the children during the holidays by donating to Toys For Tots. You can drop off a gift at the Dryden Mansion @ 59 Lincoln Park.
life is good.
sometimes it's best to ignore those brittards. I think mercury is in retrograde or some shit...they're extra dumb lately.
and NBA fantasy ends, I get 3rd place. 3rd place! 3rd place! 3rd place! not 4th as it was in Semi-Pro
I think I would be good living alone , I like my own space ! I would need a hustling ass roommate , so we can make shit happen !
Waiting for my voice lesson to start. Its been a while since I've been here. prayers appreciated :)
Went bowling with my pops! Father-Daughter time!
Just saw your post & noticed you are an A-Phi also. Very cool. AOE.
I know nothing about hockey but I'm watching the Rangers game. Playoff time is exciting.
Yes! RT : thinking it might be a great idea to have a #JackDanielsParty on Saturday, add Poker... and scantily clad servers ;)
Attended the Expo and entered a lot of drawings for a prize. Bring lots of business cards and go to every booth. Lots of freebies!
I totally agree.
Early voting in the Clerk's office available until 5P today. Can't make it? We're open M-F from 8A-5P next week and 10A-5P next weekend.
RIP MCA from the Beastie Boys....
“: “: I love Only five more weeks! 😊💙”>>> I can't WAIT until the wedding lol”>>>here you go lol
holla He might be interested
certainly! Email
Speaking of which, did he perform Forever?
wow, Moments.... I thought I could trust you... You are just as deceiving as time.
good look... I was raised here to.
LaHair had his 7th homer of the season today, improves average to .396. We gotta send Smoak back to the minors
All Saints' Day marks 5 years since I joined the I'll file this decision under "Good Choices".
haha my bad about fort homeboy didn't hear u
free beer, pizza.....maybe some smoothie king!? I recommend everyone following and playing the game!!
We have all the technology in the world but I can't get a stupid blu-ray to play. Thank goodness for Netflix.
Holl-a if you are going to the Spring Backer Show!
so i finally got up and got dressed now only 10 million other things to do
RT : Just noticed there's no William Dean Howells in the Just the essays on James and novel-writing.
Puma Apparel Women's Performance Cat Tank Top
10 more tweets left till my 200th tweet!!..
contest? celebration? what?
A yellow light means speed up, Not slow down. (;
how can a JOB SITE EVER discriminate against the unemployed!! I search DAILY w/no result - ITS STILL HORRID OUT THERE!!!!
Great workshop today. N.C. Digital Heritage Center and really know their digital projects!
very interesting
I hope that the pain and sadness will ease with time in the hearts of those suffering losses. Forever grateful. Never forgotten. 9/11/2001
Anxiously awaiting feedback.
Have a back to school pic to share? Post it here or on the Facebook page and we'll use it tomorrow on Sunrise!
Nothing much! You?
3A KingCo fastpitch tourney starts today, trimming five teams to four for next week's Sea-King tourney
Just left pepper jacks. The fat buck tooth bartender gave horrible service. Guess her chit chat was more important.
Now Playing: "Big Quippin' (Barry's Theme)," Music From and Inspired by A&E's Storage Wars
Suns out guns out baby!
RT Tornado warning in Toronto??? tell to stop messing with HAARP <- Why give Obama credit for Gods power? Isaiah 29:6.
an Obama chia?! What the heck were they thinking?!
Do you have a phone number you can DM to me? I would love to speak with you further. Thanks --MM
"Hate" is a strong word... Mean it when you say it.
Janeane Garofalo is my favorite character
is on February 29th so she can only celebrate her bday every 4 years. Wouldn't that suck? Haha
Pop/acoustic/rock/country... You name it, they'll play it! Zach Wade & Dan Harvey tonight at 9pm #Milwaukee !!
I am thoroughly enjoying the #ShakesPalin twitter meme
Kevin im sick and a tweet from you would just make me fell so much better love you <3 cant wait for new jonas music!
Starting daily battle with #ATT. Will it be the 3rd missed appt in 4 days? Probably, since no one can confirm it. the WORST!
aww no fair what time you off
Woke up with the worst bed mate ever: my hangover
if your not dateing a cheerleader you have to raise your standards
its thje alcohol id blow it off he doesnt drink that much just tell em ur his girl and accept apology the alcohol
hate 2 get irritated/nasty on my b-day & everyone has the right 2 say what they want, but some NBA players need to STFU already
I hate you so much. I wish you would go the hell away!
Water based ginseng extract if you want to boost your immune system only. If you have allergies, alcohol based extract is best :)
Do you agree? A good leader hires the right people to do the job
Another VO from Pittsburgh, I followed you before thanks for the follow! #voice-overs #voice over
Someone set the fire alarm off in our building and I've never heard something so loud in my life
now I'm good lol I went too HAM last night.
Is your dj tonight at Haven lounge along with adam foster
no problem. I just sent you an email. Looking forward to hearing from you man!
I assume that's the mugshot?
I eat my gummy bears two at a time, so they don't have to die alone
Alright kids I have a dumb question. What does "tbh" mean!?
| I'd also look at the April 5 archive.
We will be on after the Sounds. They're playing a 7-inning game. Should be on close to normal time, barring extra innings.
he was just playing coy before he asks you to fi... just read the last tweet ;)
Just discovered it, so I thought I'd check to see if this was a known issue before submitting a ticket. Thanks!
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 38:08 with Nike+ GPS.
Whatever you do ,work at it with all your heart , as working for the Lord ,not for men. Colossians 3:23
West Coast club tour starts June 7th...hardest decision for me is deciding if I'm ever comin back or not
ima be gone for about 2 mnths you'll better write me when im gone.
2012 film watching! #14. Insidious (Wan, 2010). Good little horror film. Creepy images, and decent scares. Horror fans should like this.
Being silly wit my brother
ADV ENG I: When reading Wuthering Heights look at the words Bronte uses to intro the character's dialogue. On pg 5 Heathcliff "growled."
THANK YOU !!
Can anyone explain to me why shows Chris Mathews twice? Why not give Dylan or Martin the slot? Re-runs in prime time really?
lol aw you all hot & bothered
Most awkward, funniest day of my life..
Be sure to close out your parties by tonight - 11:59pm EST, so your Hostesses and customers qualify for this week's After Party Awards!
Awesome to see what the New York Giants are doing to the Packers today.
My freaking hair is gone. Two weeks before I go to philly. I need my mom
Prycilla; making everyone's lives better since 5 minutes ago.
Let the boil begin. The raspberry vanilla wheat beer is now in progress. Next update at after the hops are added.
Where are you?
#idontlikeyoubecause you let me down too many times before
Does anyone know where I can get a new lease on life? The one I have isn't working ou...:
is true
Just found mad lint toe-jam in between my 2-month-old's toes. Where's he been walking?! Clearly, I've been missing some spots at bath-time.
they haven't been set out yet though! Give em a min.
I'm off of hwy 50 just east of I-94. I'm by Verlo. Are you going to drop by?
Justin Bieber's voice went from sounding like a girl to some creepy dude.
Previewing the new temp site, loving it, excited for the wireframes for the real one.
One of the worst breakup lines: "Were to alike" .....translation..... "You bore me."
thanks, I really do need it! Have an excellent day!
Don't miss Peter on Primetime today at 4pm PT – calling in LIVE from THE PLAYERS Champ to talk UBC!
we will get them Thursday
I'm going to get so much heat for this...but I still don't have a smart phone..
When I lost my dear friend of 16 years I said I would not own a dog again...too much pain. Then I met Fancy!
Shut the fuck up RT : You kno what that means, big feet.. Big socks
Never had a bloody nose in my life & all I do is get then now!
Dang, why show California dairy commercials in WI? Hey Callie! You have sun, stars, and California rolls. Let us keep our dairy title.
How do they get those jerseys with names already on em right away?
"I make my own luck" -every single movie, ever.
Cheating is like eating fast food : You do it, you enjoy it and then you feel like shit.
#TheVoice - I don't think Juliet has been picking the right songs. She should have sang Janis Joplin, Joan Jett etc...
#AaliyahsAirplanePlaylist Track 1) Young Blood - The Naked and Famous
Ugh. How quickly momentum can shift.
Don't ever give lil Ceasars
well how about stirring up a little controversy with a good question
Going to be because it sure looks like it to me ! !
Thanks, Mary! I consider it to be a huge honor. Really excited!!!
is cracking an actual whip too severe?
Omg another Grand Slam by Joyce? Are u kidding me!
BA new pic my friend. Fingers crossed that we both feel better tomorrow!
twitter's getting boring!!!!
How do u get these lol
cool bc I need to see you! Its been forever!!
Why is everyone else so much prettier than me? :(
sorry but you're not important anymore.(:
Congrats to for being the 500th follower! She has won a FREE copy of the upcoming EP, "Pink Balloon" Stay tuned evry1!
RIP Pizza Island.
jamming to One Direction♥
Did you know cruise ships have datacenters ....very interesting & never thought about that before
What operating system and browser are you using?
I had forgotten who I gave my 13,600 tweet for like two seconds lol >.<
dude foreals i feel you on that one.
I love your bio :D its amazing xx
Do you see all actors/actresses as connected to parts they have played, or only some of them?
I'm going to sleep
Jackie Brown is one of my faves!
Ha! Tilt head down & to side, then slice. RT : I can do that. We have a Grilled Hanger Steak here, so I have knives.
- TY, we leave soon! We'll give everyone a hug from you.
May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so by the power of the Holy Spirit you may abound in hope.
changed the @ to
have a few- what r u looking 4 specific? What r u giving? Thx
almost caught your drumstick when you played with Jon Paul Jones and Ben harper, bonnaroo superjam '07
Fantastic happy hour deals for #mlb opener tonight! Come in and find out!!
"it's such a nice day, let's go to the park!!" - literally every new yorker, today
writing new ones while wearing my #sellout t-shirt.
like she doesnt do anything to anybody nd for them to just pick on her for no reason is not cool. people are so childish
Package deals Jan/Feb w/ Christine Kromer Casting Director of LIGHTS OUT, TREME, & IN TREATMENT + Kevin Kuffa, CD of Law & Order CI.
Well..there's another tweet I deleted rather than send.
Let me know if you're missing any of the New Frontier books and I will happily send them your way.
so bord wiff jared and my bro ;)
i love this!!!
why am I not getting them
Obama announced he is Pro-Gay Marriage. What are your thoughts? Should gay and lesbian couples have the right to get married?
Heading to the Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce Business Expo 2012 tomorrow? Stop by our booth and say Hi!
right on man! One more hour!
Whhhheeewwww!!! I'm finally home! Hope your week started off right! LOL ;) :)
RT : NO! Loved him. RIP Junior Seau.
This gym thing would be a piece o cake if I weren't 42, overweight, out of shape, & smoked a 1/2 pack a day. Piece ... o ... cake.
If that were the only thing, maybe. But separate from that, I can't even order from UK based sites like I was just trying to do.
Wtf. My moms making moaning sounds.
thanks! Haha but it's not my bday today :p I was just curious but I'll RT that on my bday(:
Thanks for following us, Amy!
Gotta hit free throws, gotta keep them off the offensive glass.
Great Thanksgiving dinner with the family,<3 Black Friday tonight with the momma!(: Can't wait for the great deals.(:
Jesus RT “: Rochester fd is going for a jumper on the main st bridge by the convention center. #ROC”
Those #kobes are so sick...I need them.
Noeleen: sometimes you should pick an average joe/jane so people can relate to them...and they generally need to be easy to look at.
Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality; man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true.
hey! this is & i got twitter limit. this is my 2ND account. i'll send u the links to LIKE now :)
oh :L
Hey OWS shit stains. I not only went to work today, I went to 2 different banks and conducted business...go fuck yourselves you LOSERS!!!
read about ball players showing less effort then they used to..or do we just put them on a pedistal- can't they have an off day @ work too?
So what will our next Ragnar be? The Miami to Key West looks fun--ultra or regular.
In Cincinnati, but we ship all over the country. Even with shipping costs we still beat the competition. We are on eBay as well.
Just went on a long walk to end this beautiful day! What did you do today to MOVE YA BODY?
While we are postponing, life speeds by. ~ Seneca
My heart is so sad. We lost a beautiful, soulful voice today. God Bless, RIP Whitney Houston.
#EndangeredSpecies are you out there? Hope to see you at my album release concert tonight #USC Bovard Auditorium, 6:30 -
Thank god for Friday.
Maybe it depends what you mean by stupid, but most people are reasonably credible observers/arbiters of their own interests.
Bout to get balled huh?
So like why is there still not an H&M in Lansing...
Happy Halloween!
Wants to thank all of you for making us the #1 florist in the Houston Press for readers choice "Best of Houston 2010"!!!
point and shoot - i have a dslr that I love, but I need something for on the go. Heard good things about Cannon or Nikon.
"Where do you keep the 'tamed' jalapenos? You are a sissy." - , looking for my - nevermind; it's self-explanatory, isn't it?
Excellent Godfather reference.
Since the cold war, we have moved from mutually assured destruction to mutually assured competition- Richard Fisher
well do remember everyone's impairment xD I'm sure they will realize what they have left soon enough
Don't let the blue sky fool you. It's supposes to rain at 7 :( Don't forget your umbrellas!
Receive my monthly newsletter 4 info on healthy lifestyle, new delicious foods, healthy easy recipes, & stress reduction-laurengoldstein.com
I love Tyson Chandler...
M4 Mini Movies showing on Thurs. at 6 pm @ SECCA. All videos are being screened. Some out and see what folks can do with an iPhone! FREE.
You're messing with my head, boy that's what you do best </3
There's still free candy available at College Library (although people are hatin' on the Bit-O-Honey candies).
I.LOVE.YOU. <3
you were awesome on E! news today! So glad to get to see you. I have direct tv so they suck with the no g4 thing.
Watching family guy.
Heading up to Duluth Minnesota. For a month!
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about. -Oscar Wilde
Can't love those two things and not mention pancit!
Did anyone feel like straight crap when they first started paleo?
RT : Can't hate on the #clipshow cuz habitually losing is still better than being mater dei.
The #Heat are VERY good at falling down on their own.
Tom Smedinghoff at #idtrust, who chairs ABA Identity Management Task Force, notes requirements for business/tech rules & legal rules
Good evening everyone! lovely day at the beach, think I have a sunburn ;) now a storm is moving in quick, back to work :)
Why would it be a problem for someone to sleep? Q3
I know, the photos are so gorgeous, whether roast beef or braided leather sandals...
#SongsMenShouldntWorkOutTo Let's get physical.
Two brilliant moves that helped create the Apple iOS powerhouse (Dalton Caldwell)
Still waiting on tickets.
What's the best way to submit an idea for your blog? I have a retail client that posts Facebook coupons. Thanks.
Be careful she might take your icon! LMAO!!
Entrepreneurial Lesson #12: Want to get your project off the ground? Get your ass out of your chair!
The only sophomore in my gim class...it sucks.
Hey #giants fans now you can play #fantasy football against #oj Anderson W.legendsfantasyleagues.com
baby make that ass clap, 👋👋👐
Gotta wrk during the day Sat. but that night or Sunday I'm free. Watchin a movie at Joel's w/ drinks Friday night too. Come!
Ha! Always happy to RT something that's a RT of what we publish on We hope the journal relates to your work.
you're pregnant?
I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist, they call me slim roethlisberger. #eminem❤
Tried out the new chant tonight! #SouthCitySyndicate loved it! Maybe it can turn into chant!!
shut up I'm jealous lol
Twitter is the perfect medium for marketing folks. G+ doesn't work as well for that. I haven't seen anyone selling anything.
- I was just thinking about you this morning, so I sent you a facebook friend request. I hope you don't mind. :)
All the better!
The consensus is (meaning my mother says) that it is the stress in concert with my feast or famine eating and lack of sleep. And not a bug.
Can't wait to come home and help edit our music video
Idk if u should say Awesome or Oh No ..
oh yea couldnt forget you;D!
Reading with Andrea White and illustrator Bill Megenhadt at 2pm at the small children's tent.
Its friday & I'm pretty... Come on.. Did u REALLY think I aint have no plans???!!!!!!
Triunfo Park was even more desolate...headed to Berniece Bennett Park, try our luck there...
Currently experiencing "hair temptation". The devil wants me to dye my hair red. #butIRebukehim lol
Congrats to for an amazing year. Incredible to think that 11 starters return next yr. Todays tears will fuel next years passion.
thank you! I would never offend them! I love the show! Yep I tweeted it to Dana & she retweeted it, which made my day! Thank u!
“Well I Went To Sleep In Jersey…Woke Up In ABQ.”
Very cool pix!
At Grand Opening & Ribbon Cutting for member Ralphs supermarket on Sports Arena Boulevard in San Diego. Beautiful new store.
What You Up Too??.
The Magic of March
Yea u was thinkn the rite way lol
Ordering new bull stickers--what colors should we select?
lol because I can read emotion right?
We are off to see the #Avengers in a bit. Can't wait. I can't wait to see what they did with the Hulk.
Great point - I didn't even think of that. If they are going for generalizability, there's no reason not to go random.
My Chemical Romance makes me think about . Always.
I fucking hate waiting on other people
#MayweatherCotto does 1.5M buys for $94 million. Impressive! But keep in mind this is 1 of 4 fights #boxing fans will buy all yr.
@ Paris today!
jsst give me HEAD :) ,NO straps .. lls
so your a cowboy that hates snakes? um
I hope ABC uses it's influence to discourage my home state of MD from increasing its minimum wage to 10.00/hr
Holy mother of hotness. It is so toasty in this classroom.
HA! that Ramos hit in garbage time just won me my Yahoo! league.
Just got back from the homecoming dance. shoulda been ther!
At a workshop learning how gets an unheard of 8% engagement rate on fb! Higher than Lady Gaga
happy badly you're the best love you and hope you have a great day
Who wants to play a show?
Hello to the 3 new lovely fans I gained today! Xo! ! !
Having your flight delayed sucks :(
Thanks for the RT!
oh ok
not your juicy?!?!
Gotta love hectic mornings.
I finished my scarf tonight. Honestly how old are we?
It seemed like Denise's storyline ended without the audience seeing closure.
I ain't religious so they say i have no faith, but i believe in myself so thats ok.
HUGE World Cup Friday Starting at 7am with Brazil VS. Portugal. At 11:30am is Spain VS. Chile and at 6:30pm Brazil VS. Portugal (re-aired)
thank you!! We will definitely do our best!
guys have a Question How can I do account has been disrupted here in Twitter?????????????
Order sent to Sabrina in NJ!
let hockey trip 2012 begin! 'canes/cryers now & pens/craps tomorrow!
Thank you Jess :-) It's the least I can do for a lady as nice as you! Xoxo
Actually, my last post was not my final edit of This Is Not an Exit :) I wrote a new introduction. I will update it soon.
I'm broke right now lol I'm tryna hold out till like Monday
RT : round 2? I might have come out< #RogerThat !!
Off to skate against East Coast Devastation. Hope the rest of the team shows up.
Impressions? If function_exists('funnel') { require once #linksy;}
Ctffup her forhead hella big neva be close up to the cam !!!!!
Thinking why the hell did i text you first...
ILL national code overview: not available means different things to different libraries
Reported shooting at #VirginiaTech prayers going out to those people, stay inside, keep you guys updated
because they are simply awful announcers
Make the best of today. One more
Dood. I'm watching Wendy Williams show. No shit, she just asked guest "How did u become a crackhead?" ... I need the block, too.
you meant "debris" should just schedule the late race caution and stop pretending RT : Caution. Debris T2
The fact this paper is over WWII<<<
LS: Jefferson had an Enlightenment vision, but it was a limited one.
Even more a creature of habit than I thought. Twitter flipping Tweets to right side instead of left is bugging me.
new camera? yup. (:
no more thunder!! finally right in LA again
Formula One: Ferrari must respond in Spain - Alonso
pinched sciatic nerve, hopefully the doctors can work some magic...
Holy Mother ! It's freezing nuts this morning !!!!
#Harvard sighting on TNT. 1st time the Crimson have been shown. They're about 40 minutes away from tip-off against Vanderbilt.
lol Who said this?
Chicago, is the most amazing city EVER! I LOVE it here!
time to shed my zotero n00bness.
I think they might actually be (wait for it) revenue positive. I know, that's a shocking thing to expect from a valley co.
Happy birthday on this Easter renewal day. You deserve some rest. hugs!
definitely... �D
How can I help you today?
cool! I need to get back here more often.
#Cloverfield is on... that will do.
Call PaperJam Press!!! They are amazing and specialize in small-run/art prints. 503-238-5777 They do all my printing.
Do you have a Sakura dragon? You could try that with a Fog dragon, too. :) This game takes a log of patience, I've noticed.
"My Cuban cigar from Mexico!!"
If it abuts sidewalk, almost certain it's not w/in property line. Most Brookland front yards are technically public space.
Synchronicity in hyflex design is a challenge or an opportunity - a crisitunity!!
Are you enjoying our daily posts? Tell your friends to "like" us so that they can share in the fun!
Just watched the girl with the Dragon Tattoo, wow ! Great movie !!
is Sarah's family from Nebraska, I was thinking it would be Wyoming.
I love and You two brighten my life even though you make fun of me like crazy.
Their interior is not better. It equaled out. Niether team used the interior.
One of my fav films of all time is Star Wars. My mom made Leia's white outfit out of a sheet & I wore it every day after school. Don't judge
I don't think Brett Lawries not complaining is "normal"...
pep is still coaching
Just accidentally walked right up on a nasty, slimy toad, almost like the one in "Pan's Labyrinth" #eww-tastic -- Samantha Willis (…
U do what ya gotta, but I know u got #TigerBlood in your veins. Now all u need is to be wearing some black and gold.
Oh, hell, I even want a pair!
like literally fruit thats actually within arms length? or is this some kind of metaphor?
I hate word vomit :/
Was the KG foul legit? I didn't get a good look & TNT isn't showing replays per David Stern's request
all saints. new jeans. pala - vegan pizza. jenni4. babycakes. durian. wine & more wine. green beans and french fries. wine. missed train...
Cant wait to see tonight at Houston Press Concert Series!
#TEDxUSC Amy Jo Kim designer of non zero sum collaborative games where we all win; girls & older women fastest growing gaming demographic
- I think we should all get together and perform something, in that case... #performinggeniuses ;)
I'm lucky to be living in such a bike-friendly city.
RT : The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision - Helen Keller (via )
Not to mention I'm 80% from the 3 point line in that gym 4 for 5
& i don't give a fuck, bitch.
there's entertainers&artist#esperanzaspalding a natural artist the show was the vocals/instruments.bad ass vocalist an band.
LOOK SO CUTE IN YOUR DORM ROOM MUSIC VIDEO =)
Shopping with grandson Z in Billionaire Boys Club.
My god crooked went in on that freestyle
hell no! Watching the Rockets take it to em.
Shout Out to the Niggas that Cash they $400 McDonalds Paychecks and ask for $5's & $10's back so it look like you Ballinnnn
I'm hallucinating! I see little balls of sunshine in a bag!
Teachers' union considers legal challenge over free school assessments - The Guardian
if you really wanna do lunch.. Geoffrey's in Malibu.. Ah.. THE best...
reading Driven now and enjoying. Also loved Gutshot Straight by Lou Berney
"GO TO YOUR ROOM!" "You mean, where my tablet, iPod, and phone are? Okay.
Im back on my twitter shit..
I ran into a panda who introduce me to a lion.
RT follow me back
“One forgets words as one forgets names. One's vocabulary needs constant fertilizing or it will die.” -Evelyn Waugh
As early as 1913, aeronautics and circuitry programming inspired Girl Scouts to consider non-traditional careers.
I don't think so not sure though
Mission City Cat Show official Fiesta Event Saturday and Sunday Event Center . Viva Fiesta San Antonio
sounds romantic. have to look into doing that next time I go out that way :-)
At detour with my cousin Mitchell. Great end to the week!
ion know why u put money on them bro... I ain't bettin against the Heat till the finals
Debate over public campaign financing - Rochester YNN
Maria, you are most welcome. have a great day!
Only in Dallas....cutting edge 3-D technology is being used for breast augmentation. The story tonight on CW33 News at 9.
thnx! so many PM tools out there; trying to find one that will create good gantt charts & integrate well w/ MS products.
still haven't gotten out of bed...
Hitting the hard stuff again, huh?
lol he got back up
Just watch 's NEVER SAY NEVER! Its amazing. Love it!
kid! Can you PLEASE check out my purevolume and tell me what ya think? www.purevolume.com/NickMcCord just a local artist :)
Bilbo is so photogenic!
excited actually : )
The thing about working in the government: One day you realize that many of your sentences are mostly acronyms.
LOVED Catherine Tate on The Office!
Welcome to Massachusetts.
bro you clearly don't know me so calm that mess down
Woo Friday is here!!!!
In the studio putting together the ALS Association spots. Working together for a greater good!
Movie recommendation is Mo'Nique in "Precious"..happy mother's day
I sure hope so.
As long as you don't go YOU! Think that's trademarked, haha.
Haha. On the field, indeed. RT : The forecast for opening day is just more of the same.
This simple word jumble will give you 50% off when you come in today with it figured out. We'll let you decide if "ypsarrerb" is simple.
": On route to ATLANTA... Meet n greet today 3pm / REMIX:LIVE party tonight + Roll call!
Happy Friday!
Bigger homes mean less surveillance of domestic labor? I might want to think about that.
Looking at your best friend and laughing because you know what they’re thinking.
Casey Anthony acquitted? WTF?
Rarely do I yell at the TV for any other teams than the Packers/Brewers - Tebow in overtime elicited a stand up Heck yeah!
Whatcha gonna do when you can't say no & the feelings start to show?!
My Dad Told Me Once “All The Girls You Know Are “Whores” I Told Him That May Be True However They're In Remission.”
Troll Face wars with perfect distraction from english paper. #thanksalotyo lol!
When my mind is at peace, I am receptive to the inspiration of the Christ within, and I find a way out of every difficulty.
Nah... It's just the year where the little 3rd graders look at you like 'DAMN SHE'S OLD!' :-/ Normal... I look like (c.)
Can I just say I HATE allergies!!!! ugh
especially me
Goodnight world. Day has been fulfilling and love what God did at lakeview. Can't wait until next week
three way with lol
thanks for the RT!!!
Watched the #KCA and saw !!!!!!<3 #directioner for life!!! I love you guys!!!<3(:
“: Sunday school homework on Saturdays <<” my life.
YUCK, Raining SXSWet. Get ready ATX! For all the cleaning needs of locals, and our out of town guests, come to EcoClean! 24 hr turn.
Had a beautifully poached egg for breakfast thanks to tips from
Today I don't feel like doin anything(:
Dontcha just love that? Can't get my husband on Twitter either. Either way, Happy Anniversary - hope you're doing something fun.
Huhh, weather is bad today:)
screw the rules, i have money
Many are Called But Few Are Chosen...
Micro-Marketing’s riddle: Relationships are important; they require person-to-person communication. Why is it a marketing rarity?
Life gets better when you're around the right people.
Ok, it's #hachetteprev. Ready to go! And I know who the special secret guest is!
Sunday, 15th April - Charity Car wash and personal pizza while you wait for £5 at Dominos Pizza, Newark. Proceeds to
just finished "I like it". Guy whispers to his friend, "Now THAT'S rock and roll"
RT : 11:11 - Make A Wish is trending!!!(: that's so awesome!:D You guys are SO amazing! I love you<3
mom leaves for Fla tomorrow....so jealous!!!!
Don't you go anywhere else for jams, jellies, sauces & the most refreshing, succulent watermelon pickles you're gonna find at Mama's Pantry.
looking forward to a Simpsons with a Will Shortz cameo.
can do no wrong! Best night of the year:
This afternoon took an interesting turn after I did a Google Image search on "Poltergeist clown"
Full house indeed~! Loving it so far,is that JRT dng MF
Enjoy 4th of July weekend Las Vegas and when it's over don't forget vegaspressurewashing.com . You make the mess, I powerwash it clean!
In thaa train station, woah im in high school . :x.
#Mudcats? Scooter is a hairy beast like Skipper Bivins on #HillbillyHandfishin'.
What do you look for in a company when considering a move?
P.E.M.D.A.S All Dayy (Please Excuse My Dopee Ass Swag)
haha awesome. where you guys headed now? I'm good, busy practicing my musak skills :P
that sound better than my pre-bed planning. You win
Lost 3-4 to the best team in our district. Even pitched a ground out to a girl going to play at UT! So proud of everybody!
Hoping to someday do something as awesome and funny as did with Gary Oldman this weekend. This is why we donate to
Drinks with ....we gettin faded
When you put makeup on cause you think your goin somewhere but then your stupid mom says you can't go -_- I hate parents sometimes!
Linds great to see you as well!!! keep well and keep up all the GOOD!!!!!! :) TOGETHER we make this cancer world a better place!! :)
QoTD: "Without determination, you'll just end where you started." (Unknown)
I will get a job, start driving, go to the gym, focus on school, & STOP BEING LAZY.
FINALLY the WEEKEND! But we never stop working! Hire Mr. Chauffeur to (happily) transport you & your friends to the party! 630-363-9027
And then had Panera and Starbucks. Now me and have food babies 😊
I reached back like a pimp, and slapped a hoe.
Q4) Good question, but don't know!
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout on set of #MattsChance stay posted for a
Squee! I leave for Rome in 11 days. was just talking about introd. us. We can relive Italy memories. Have fun!
“May the bridges I burn light the way."
I swear it's 194672598 degrees hotter upstairs than downstairs. Couch potato tonight.
So happy to be a Bruin when I walk to class at sunset. Such a beautiful campus.
Hope you apologized to and the others whose day you ruined!
Thank you to the Roswell Challenge Girls for donating Brown Bag Lunches today at Egleston and Scottish Rite campuses!
Tech & Soc: John Augustus Roeblings ⁰was one of the designers of the Brooklyn Bridge.
Things that are so awesome that they make us want to dance around the office: What a brilliant idea!
Sounds great! Children are so enjoyable!
hey I have heard that song Motion Picture by Future. I have it on a C.D lol. I like it waay better than the other song (:
; keep on dreaminn' even if it breaks your heart. <3
RT“: But i know i aint going to sleep no time soon.”
Use of games is overwhelmingly popular is encouraging social interaction in museums.
point of ped #transpo data: people like being by people. Safety. Parklets. Pretty maps and places. Infrastructure targets. Nice
What a beautiful vision <3
Note to at ... Custer took a stand, too, and that didn't work out so well
W. North Ave. around 3:30pm when shooting happened is VERY busy. Intersection w/ McCullough; there's a Burger King & a BP gas station there
pic please! Preferably with adam's grandma and tequila, thanks.
RT it never hurts to b different
oh yes, relaxation is fleeting so I try and embrace it and remember!
Happy 4th of July! Proud to be an American!
I have a cousin with chronic halitosis. Well, a distant cousin. Friend me on FB!
I don't NEED it but after 7yrs it would be nice. Really tho, I want someone to make me feel the way I need to feel. Otherwise it's just...
thinking about the relationship between narrative and practice in constructing identity. How do I make myslef American? Jewish? female?
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Palermo - Italian (live updates)
then don't put it up
Hung out with at Prohibition last night...yep I was the guy with the jacket tied around his waste #
My brother Is funny :)
"you guys sound the way I feel every day" been over 6mos but I still listen to 4lokomas to make my problems seem infinitesimal
haha I forgot that we conned you into buying a ticket! It should be a #shitshow for sure! You better be ready!
Time for a workout.
Financing a Foreclosure Purchase - NASDAQ
Is gonna go to Al's later??
“: Sick tired crying over it so fucking over it” Love u 😘
Got some crazy 🚶boys in my class
come on Unilever, these tweets are getting lame.
Shouldn't you all be entertaining me? Or, alternatively, fucking me?
Much like sex, it gets better with practice.
May I be your 2000th tweet? :D
*ugh* *cringe* You know I love Zooey. Although I haven't been able to get into her new show. I've been MIA, I know.
I'm off of work! Finally!!
Looking At everything and what I'm doing .. I feel good (:
Lk ur bks Tx 4 flwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
The actual producing, mixing, and mastering is hard work, harder than what I do.
Sorry everyone I didn't attend my big bro birthday party last night decide that I couldn't go for wat I did
Firstalert.com voice smoke/co2 on NBC.com this a.m. High 5 campaign. #smoke detection #fire #voice evac
The weather is ssoooooooo FINE . Followers ?
#10ThingIHate people wasting my time
Happy birthday (: Hope you're having a great day! <3
Morning rises on the final day of filming...
sometimes i feel like if everythings my fault. like if i'm the reason my parents fight 24/7, even tho they're not together.
That was fucking brilliant. Day (or life until the concert) has been made.
On my way to school I'm gonna fail this exam :(
Ugh, sorry! We have about two, but supposedly more is on the way. :(
Thanks for the follow back :)
it's the limit. brevity is a wonderful thing. :)
Nonprofit cultural institutions are eligible for CLIR Hidden Collections Award. Collections must be accessible to the public.
watching america's got talent
thank you so much. I really appreciate it. But I must say that the kids deserve the credit.
My interest in tennis has been on the downturn in 2012, partly due to falling form of favorite WTA Serb. Hoping RG re-sparks my love.
Big L fan?!
I think I've been pretty open about being TT and pre-tenure -- sorry, it wasn't meant to be a surprise. :-)
no buns? Just ball park franks lol
I hear you on that. Used to have guys upstairs that wrestled. I thought they would wind up in my apartment a few times.
I love my boyfriend 😘
Another Earl Friday. So great to catch up, talk about goals etc. :)
awe, I definitely miss all 3 of you boys! good times. Hope to work with y'all again someday soon :) xo
Thank you for the #FF mention!
“: New Strokes song is very #solid” Classic Strokes. So Good
Re: testing out some goodies...So that's why was pushing me out the door today ;-)
Check my Bio out and subscribe to my youtube channel? I sing on youtube :)
Who is this kid?!? I hate him! -V
I think Tuesday is most hardest day of the week .
ur a weird dude did u know that but if ur not weird ur normal and normal is BORING ily <3
Yeeeeeessssss u better be watching & cheering for my #Packers lol
Ready to get out this house but these creatures named Parents wanna keep me held hostage all day :-/
Demi Lovato on Grey's anatomy 👍
Men do less than they ought, unless they do all they can. Thomas Carlyle
great talking to you! thx for supporting Philly / Wharton start ups!
i'm a thug so nothing will happen to me lol
My father passed away last night.
Can we say "deans list shawty"...lol
omg perfection
**We Shall Overcome.**
happy birthday brotha!
"I will not die but live, and will proclaim what the Lord has done" -Psalm 118:17
Poor cutomer service by #Delta sitting on the tarmac waiting for a ground crew to direct us in. Do they not know the plane is coming?
I had the pleasure of meeting with author Kimberly Ray "And Yet They Still Chose Me". A riveting story being made into a movie. You go girl!
how do I get info about the cruise? I am on the al/chuck site now, but nothing appears as far as details :-(
I need to get Catching Fire already xD I've read the Hunger Games a billion of times already.
Anybody Want A ShoutOut ? : D
The cop is my new favorite character. "If this was Comicon, I'd take a bullet for that kid." "I watch a lot of Antiques Roadshow."
The world is black; the world is white; it turns by day and then by night.
"Winter" in Maputo. 68 degrees and everyone has a jacket.
Don't you think Schwartz takes some responsibility in the culture of the team?
Great breakfast at #wheelerspharmacy the people there are so nice
Took my Vitamin Awesome, and washed it down with some Crunk Juice, now I'm retstago!!!
a pointless Myspace type site for creative people.
lol shit I tried that they told me nigga you stupid can't return nothing after 14 days
John Cho And Clark Duke Join Jason Bateman In The Identity Thief Melissa McCarthy also on-board.
I wish I had a date to prom
There will never be a better day for him to retire than today.
Sexting on Christmas is SO wrong. I love it.
mayonaise or miracle whip?
Recorder will be performing live at the Opolis - Friday August 20th...Also on the bill Chrome Pony
remind me to clean up. tomorrow ;)
i wanna be like mike
RT : This Thursday is our monthly Wine Tasting Series! 8-12 wines, Jazz & Appetizers, just $25/person from 5pm - 7pm on...
agree with Jenn! You're an amazing mom because your daughter is...she must get it from her mama 
u tryna shed with us on thursday at carlos house?
Off to for some #Stickyballs and karaoke
learn how to spell. And leave alone! Haha. It's a reason it's name is that.
He Just Called Me Dumb .
if i ever get a hold of that girl she gone have my baby!! boy u home?
lol Awh /: but they're cuddly 😊
Still looking for some nice digs this summer? Second Porch is a Facebook apps that lets users rent vacation homes.
If I could just go beyond the sun where I can feel pain, where I could just fade away!!
#Genealogy Focus Group participants needed in Chi & NYC! Req: advanced genealogists - paying $175! DM me for more info
let me know the damage bro. :)
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I'm so tired but today was good.
Well said, Mat!
infinity love tattoo on my wrist=)
Never fear a shadow... that means there is light somewhere-download- InSpotter app
Cats #1 BABY!
i miss you
56.9% of #engineering graduates in full time employment just 6 months after graduating, compared to 53.1% of all grads. Hard work pays off!!
Good guys finish last!
Who was the first man to decide it was appropriate to milk a cow?
that's right! I'm proof that you can fake smart haha.
#ThatMoment when your friend tells you he was shooting heroin on friday and you can't tell if he's being completely serious or not
Today's going to be a good day. Out with my boyfriend. ¢:
talking about the International Association Taxonomy (IAPT) for Plants. Taxon journal will appear in BHL soon!
Get over it...most of its not meant to be literal it's the culture of the game and has been like this for decades
Damn! #smh RT : i was gonna say. PF spot. i hear more may be dropping
Hi Kelly! I feel like I know you already, your name has come up so often!
Im so Hood and I love A Hood Biatch
score.I'd like to thank the people that made this possible, my mother who made me recognize this made up holiday god bless &g'night
Happy Valentine's Day! Celebrate the holiday by checking out the group show "Love and Other Cravings" at Touchstone!
getting murdered is a bad thing
Just recommended to a student studying for finals based on overhearing her phone convo about glitches, gold, & weapons
Its all in front of you...
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 20
EVERYONE PLEASE GO FOLLOW---> 4
people say you follow back but you didnt follow me??? :'( ........
What's good twitter peeps!!? Holla at us!!
You just got shout out from Uecker!
From Dumari Dancoes on Everyday Wisdom- "The World is so loud; Divine Guidance is subtle. You have to listen carefully to hear it."
ah the lengths i go to, to avoid working on my homework. remind me how I'm still getting a 4.0
Yes, please..Everything. Unless you sent the picture for it! You don't have to type it, can you just take a picture of 32&35?
Sure u want your team to win, but just as, if not more important, is ragging on that UofL/UK fan you hate at work, etc..
Watching #Boredtodeath waiting for carpet cleaners just got to the one with Mary Steenburgen was right she's def a #cougar!
Grow up.
those were deltas not
LOL! have you seen The Big C? This reminds me of the 1st season pool debacle. But you're not as grumpy as Marleen.
No one looks back on their life and remembers the nights when they got plenty of sleep. #c/o2012
Why do people always ask questions that they already know the answer to?
Apparently, after-party Oscar fashion > at-the-Oscars fashion. Pretty dresses FTW.
Fern Isle Park tommorow. Gonna start filiming with Steven, Dreon, Josue, Justin, Jancy, &Jen (y)
If a rabbit crosses the road, don't run it over with your car.
#Indy, trying to help 2 talented designers find a Graphic Design postion. 15 years+ experience for each!
Waking up at 7 AM and realizing I don't have school today. Relief!
Got a great outfit for tomorrow #PictureDay Last day of pictures this is for my favortive teacher to go on her back wall!!!
thanks for the RT! have a great day!
Pinterest Tracking Tool that strengthens personalization, identifies customer influence & monetizes activity....
Funny you say that, I'm literally watching a 2 hr. Foo Fighters documentary I DVR'ed. They're an amazing band
Holy bajeezus. Someone in Walmart looked EXACTLY like I was freakin out. The lady probably thought I was mental.
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead I would put justin bieber, but im waiting for his follow back. Not to be on his blocked list.
I shouldn't be allowed on any social networking sites....
I want my pic taken
Does Klout really matter?
I just logged into Youtube for the first time in weeks. I feel like I have no idea whats going on with all the changes ugga
interception. Didn't see it. “: I'm out. Good things will happen now. “: I wish would leave the room already.
definitely not 😜
the zit growing between my eyes is the size of kansas ..
Joe, Joe! You're our man. If you can't do it, no one can!
What?? dis me? OMG!
RT : #thatawkwardmoment when you realize you still haven't gotten your #BrewCityStompDown2012 ticket...
Thanks Angela! We will reply to your email in a moment also! :-)
Merci pour le tweet de c'est page. l'article est très intéressant! Lol.
So many creepy ppl
Its fucked up.
I suspect it is factually incorrect.. You are many things, but that is not one of them.
Dr. Benjamin Carson is delivering the commencement address for Emory University
No. Mass was at 8:30am. He did tour the school with me yesterday though.
First dinner with my roommates. All of them are nice people. Start groovy learning then...
Reeboks Classics are back, huh?
I'm always representing!
Transit in Welland County Leads the Way for People with Physical and Mental Disabilities! How does your city fair in comparison?
Hospitality & Here We Go Magic. Should be kind of a laid back show. But if nothing else you could come drink, use a free ticket.
David: So far so good! I think we'll get a better idea of the totals a little later this morning.
Newsletter: Citywide Home Values and Sales Increase In Second Quarter – Reported by Real Estate Board of New York
I'm a big fan of the word brilliant.
I'm really starting to miss austins Ustreams.
Who is going to Penn Quarter tonight for TNT?
is this the one with Nana Visitor
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!5
where are you? what kind of fried pickles? I almost barfed at the ones I just had. (side note: there's only one state for me.)
Everybody hates Caroline day
Part 2 of my Deconstructing DeMaio series on the money... "Like Shooting Fish in a Barrel".. up shortly
wake up clown
Mens responsibilities: Work Womens responsibilties: Too many to tweet
Graduation practice in the AM and the real thing on Monday #countdown #cray 🎉🎓🎈
Good job on snapping the photo. I always forget to turn the sound off of the camera. I think it's a funny sound to have still.
I love the occasional dreary Sunday. Perfect day for a movie marathon
Hail is coming down in Anderson Township, Cincinnati, OH
sure!!! just tell me where...:0P
I fully embrace the slow coding movement; ApplePy, for example, was only worked on in 2001, 2007 and 2011
Thanks & Really enjoy working with you guys cc/
coach our site is free for you players to post highlight tapes and photos for free. They can get more exposure today
I can't stop listening to your sexy voice! 😍😘 (and btw, I think #boyfriend is a hit!!)
when I did that exercise with Eisner in 2005, "give a zero, get a zero" stick was amazingly effective pedagogy
Likewise! I'll be out running around town wednesday if you feel like grabbing a beer.
it's definitely not Jerryd Bayless
"The good... it's bigger... than the bad." -- Things said ON #Smash that no one has ever said ABOUT
Tonight in sports is brought to you by the words: Chris Kreider.
election day woooooooosh!
RT : Going to Hillcrest Farmers Market tomorrow? We'll be @ The Center from 9:00am-3:30pm giving free, confidential HIV tests.
Whole lotta in that there message.
Good luck in camp man!
I did follow her
thanks for the promo!
damn what do I watch..#Yankees classic ..#Knicks..or #Syracuse?
Hey guys-How did it go this week end?We were thinking of you.Thanks for your support.It was great to see you again.Go well
Tune into broadcast of LOBBY HERO tonight @ 8 pm!
Just got another consult request for a legal question I already said I can't answer. What part of 'I do diseases, not law' isn't clear?
the address should be on facebook!
Scored! Parking spot right in front of softball field.....watching game in warm car!
Shoutout to my new followers thanks guys! <3 ya !!
It's my year! No really it is...the year of the dragon. It's only the 3rd & things are shaping up nicely.
RT : Educators talk about kids not paying attention & not focusing; what are we doing to keep them interested & focused;...
Want to know what you treasures are worth? You can find out at Ridgefield 50th ... - HamletHub
what was the verdict of the Twitter vote on beards?
how can you make it so that I can follow any one I want and as many people that I want????? Help please!
Bingaman: #CESbill will not cost the Govt $, nor will it be used to raise Govt revenues.
Go Patsos!! RT : Jimmy Patsos and Loyola Maryland heading to the Tourney. Most charismatic coach ever.
for real! I liked it a lot. Now on to The Three Stooges lol..
Today is going to be even nicer than yesterday. I see a nice walk in my immediate future.
Heyday big band gig tonight playing the old standards + a mix of contemporary stuff - Quincy, Foster. Band locked in on 3rd set. Yea!
I am not completely sure of your question. Botox is regularly used to treat a number of issues regarding the facial muscles
- Whoa! Genius idea. Cheese party / rock concert / AWESOME new band name!
what is the point of war?
Im not sure anyone can say Romney targets disabled & Autism, but let's see records in Florida Bar if Rubio ever opposed the abuses
when talking bout The Jamin Olivencia I talk about both... The best there is, best there was, and best there ever will be!
Database management is biggest key
you not going to make it
hi back! How are you??
they wasn't there to take pics with freeway. they were there to take pics with jay...
thanks so much for all you did to bring to #smbmad. Excellent!!! I'm wondering where to download the presentation?
Holy fuck and three quarters, she's right. RT : my background > your life
Congrats to who got a grant this week from the Elizabeth F. Cheney Foundation. Yay!
streaming video from Tucson and Florida much better than Carolina cup
Little girls out here looking like grown women and old women out here looking like teenagers.
“: Filling out forms for graduation #libraryschool #almostfinished” Yay!! So exciting!!
Tomorrow is my parents' 50th wedding anniversary. Wow! Ordered flowers to be sent to the restaurant where they'll be having dinner.
Yes! Go Skins!
unsurprisingly, i'm a lot more likely to keep to my office hours when they involve holding them at Panera around dinner time.
I'm beyond pissed... This pisses me off so much!!!
took you half a day to go from Dulles to Herndon???
Would love to hear what you think about the new Iphone 4s debut. #Erik #Brown #Homes, #Remax Results
How's that shopping cart?
I posted one of the best movie clips spouting off about #bacon on our FB page. I think you will dig it.
Had a really shitty day :( I wish would make me feel better. I feel like going and jumping off a damn bridge!! </3 no1 wud care
that is true.
lmfao im exaggerating about the single for life part but yeah i was since ever since i was born lolol
Sounds good. Thanks for the input! If we do set up an account, we'll let you know.
: #awfulsupergroups ... Excellent. My favorite so far? Rick James Taylor.
not that I'm aware of.
9 to 5 / day in out / months years decades / working for the boss / life hanging by a thread / of the dread / of a pink slip. Arya-Holmes.
Mad Thursdays @ O'Malleys Tonight w/ Best Drink specials. Best Party. Beer Bar hosted by From 10-11.Get There Early!
Shooting over four hours of new footage today : D
hope it gets the funding! congrats on your own recent successes too, looking forward to checking out
I used to use Hadoop in a number of different ways, including building Solr indexes.
Wow! is working on a project that includes history of funding of Sleepy Hollow. I can see my house from here...
Have you ever felt like you can really accomplish anything that you set your mind on?
JUSTIN BIEBER SUCKS ROBODICK!
Kevin Hart <3
You'd be amazed- Adobe customer service actually *hung up* on my friend Chris, who waited on hold for help for over 700 minutes.
Thanks for the CNN piece.
U need an achor in life. I call Him Jesus. He'll hold u down durin storms, He can speak to the waters "Peace be still." He'll get u thru.
HA! You are fully capable of doing both - and tweeting at the same time. Carry on.
he was my first hour teacher my freshman year
We drew hearts there in the sand Laughed when waves erased our plans No, we never knew But they told the truth
#Mythbusters can't wait for new episodes!
how was the marathon?
I'll take three in a roll. Just put ir in a cab to Dorchester. Thanks in advance Tanya.
Good call on selecting not to have your LinkedIn post your tweet stream
Dentist appointment; No school today; Sad face; Missing my boy; I love you David Michael Lucas; 10.29.10 <3
Young woman on Mobbed looks like a female first plastic surgery Michael Jackson sans le surgery. Attractive.
Getting ready to make some X-mas ponytail holders. Don't forget to check me out in Facebook!
Gonna start this year off Right! JTP Taking over all Radio stations, News centers, all Venues and last but not least. The Universe! Jo-Wayne
IT'S ALL GOOD WILL DO THAT TOGETHER THERE
I just want to go back to bed. Under the covers.
#heat are ice cold and can't buy a foul. #Beantown means no fouls for opponents.
thanks for the mention - we're excited too!
May I please get at least 200 followers :-)
WHIT! What team are you on! WHAT.
Note to Self: Try not communicating with people who have office jobs. Apparently, they all hate it. Wait till they are home.
Is it Friday yet?
What a beautiful day !
And... do you plan on going to games in April and October if you live Rochester or Winona?? Close the roof?
Got destroyed.
Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable ~ Zig Ziglar
GRN has moved to Keller Williams Sonoran Living. Ryan Secrist and the KW Leaders want to be grow WITH GRN and the SW Section PGA!
#ICantDateSomeoneThat won’t watch #TheNotebook. That’s what I do like half of my Friday nights a year.
Sitting in on session about "Envisioning the Future of Public History Education and Training."
Dear Kiss 100 you do realize there are more than just 9 songs in the world, right?
Just took a class this week with Caroline Wampole () -- nice to paint around other artists for a change.
I'm here and following you ! (Leave the Yankees home)
Atta way!! Just like last round the #Caps have split the opening two, back to DC!
Humm talk about a good nap.!!
Haha I love #20! ;) "20 Things PR Clients Should Know" via
Christmas is one week from today?! Wow, I really need to get on it.
I'm late Delite But thank you
NO. WAY. At least you could see it coming at night?
life is just a stage
what HO brah hope the Monday went good
#tribe has now played 27 innings in first two games, time to win one!
"Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records." William A. Ward
I know not with what weapons World War I will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. -Einstein
Holiday & social events can be overwhelming 4 kids with autism. Pls. be patient with us. Happy Easter!
going to Maggiano's in Kenwood. Good luck this year, looking forward to Opening Day!
Cool! I'll let you know when we hit the spot then!
Stocks Sink After Jobs Data
I know what the dress code for our future happy hour is going to be. Pleats please!
My excuse is that I'm young.
Some days I feel broke inside, But I wont admit it.
are you gonna be home today?! I want Rita's lolol
loved you in that new vagisil commercial. You were excellent!!
You are cool, Mex room ate.
": if you dont get your non-singin ass out my ear !"Lmao who in yo ear?
I did, in fact, write my thesis on homestays. I would be glad to answer any questions you might have.
Read The Harbinger The Ancient Mystery That Holds The Secret Of America's Future by Jonathan Cahn & Listen to NM News & Views, Thursday 4:30
well my grandfather was the nicest one the whole time. I got this imprint ring, money, and this gifts cards for clothes.
Broke a promise tonight.
Sounds like you've got yourself a
People make mistakes. People fight. But all's I know is, I love these people :
Mashable launches #Events Board so U can learn about upcoming events anywhere. Planners can list events 4 broader...
is the sexiest man alive
hm...what kind of Donuts Mr. Pope? Any sound good! :)
I know. #iamababytoo. Early bedtime. :-) good night.
What a beautiful thing that will be! =D
aight cool im down
I hate my phone right now.
Liam Middlebrook, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
great talk brudda! Loving the News Hub!
that new theraflu stupid!!
I don't need a man I'm doing everything a man would do by myself ! ;)
Thank you for the #FF. The Mariner content on Sodo Mojo is outstanding. Go #Mariners!
I am so ready for the 4th of July. Im gonna eat all day. :-)
Congrats you are 1 of our winners! Please send your info to & we will get your coupon in the mail!
yo how you holdin up in Memphis? I see y'all swimming to work!
Greg's Rubdown LLC ( dba Palm Springs Massage Therapy) is offering 20% discount to Diversity Platinum members!!!
Black Mamba bout to eat some kung pao for dinna!
The only think I like better than talking about Food is eating,
my darling bestie, are you able to rent cars in different places? Like puerto Rico?
Sure thing music video was just released go watch it
Me to will get me one! (:
Anyone else having issues with Couchsurfing board post emails coming late, poorly formatted?
What do you have to do for the M&G's?
thank you for following! :-)
Good night, Ms. Ostrom. Sleep well. Sweet dreams, baby.
RT : : Philanthropy ought to "roar like lions and not purr like kittens"
Things are starting to heat up outside… Let us cook for you, so you don't have to put your oven on at home.
the name John Stamos...t just popped into my head
Vegas leagues seem all the rage right now. Have you been in one? Would you like a league where you go to Vegas at the end?
You died.
Hell no.
Spread the word about our Free App for iPhone & Android! We're trying to help actors!
FYI the music biz is 20% talent and 80% hustle.its a business not a game!so get your hustle on and network..its the ONLY WAY..make a BRAND!!
That said, I tend to hack on for hierarchical translation models these days.
To represent the East in the Finals on Mike and Mike
RT Sitting on the back porch with a smoothie and me doggie. Kale, spinach, grapefruit, ginger, apple, and cucumber. Yummers!
Have fun on the internet check out THE EROTIC .com membership is free. come vote for your favorite lady
I think Ron Paul is a crazy person. He should go live in the woods. Airlines should be in charge of security? Right.
don't die :( feel better!
Finally starting to fall asleep. :)
shit mines two still dinking over here!!
#myOpinion When i say #Filthy i use the term as Dope, or hella tight
And its hurts but I guess its for the better .
Welcome back!
Good night twitter peeps(: <3
RT Shorter #GOP: You lazy bastards should go get a job! Unless you're #gay. If you're gay, you're fired!
happy christmas
Yeah, interesting and sad is right! There have been so many changes. So strange to watch unfold.
What happens if u "like" a post twice via mobile texting? does it toggle back to "unlike" status or just stay in "like" status?
oh no! That's not good! Call 911! Lol :)
I hear the talk, we will see if yall can back it up tomorrow! The #streak tomorrow is going to be a blast! Boom
yes it was a cereal and milk kind of morning!!!
Remote meeting functionality is included in PowerPoint. Not surprisingly, MS will host the meeting. Voice isn't supported.
Dogs, chickens, crackheads, homeless people, and hipsters. Yep it's #EaDo #Houston warehouse living has a price
Dont like the Bulls, Dont like the Heat, Dont like the NBA, Dont care!
RT : WHY was Mario Kart not called "Mario Speedwagon"
A nap would probably be the only way to get this shit off my mind anyway
thank you for the RT mention :) Have a great weekend :)
Hey happy birthday!
you 2 ma!
Nah, if he had to I think he would. Lol. Which um....he might have to at the rate this thing with Ricky is going.
I betchya knows some museum people who may be interested...what are you doing? sounds interesting
It's not a birthday, it's a life anniversary. Celebrate the life of others, like it's your own.
I hope that 2012 is the year that native desktop apps make a comeback. I am so tired of web apps.
New England, 3; New York 9
I love it when an old friend calls out of the blue with a great idea. #WOOT!
"Time heals all, and heels hurt to walk in but they go with the clutch that you carry your lip gloss in.."
#areyouseriousbro like #GTFO of my face… [°×°]
lol I don't need you to, I was just saying lil dude
Soo frigging sleepy
“ “ I put u on my christmas list so for christmas my present can be sum christmas d*ck ..lol””
Thanks for the Friday mention. ^dy
and SInging together?? 2 words... HELL YEA <333
Great article to forward to your pool of sellers, especially those whose properties have been languishing on the market......
right on bro....you're not alone. Well, you are lol...but so am I ;)
I'm so sorry we won't be there! We are spending the day playing tour guide with an East Coast friend.
That makes the 2 of us
Which might raise the question: Can this fellow teach anything without referring to Herzog? Answer: Certainly not.
The subway is an important project for the whole region. Make it safe, and build it quick. More than just BH issue
how has your weekend been, adventurous I'm sure
I accidentally sprayed cologne on myself---now I'm turned and feel handsome.
Happy new year! Health, happiness, and success to everyone in 2012!
I locked myself out of my apartment. Eventually, it isn't even a shock anymore.
Happy Birthday!!! :)
If you havent eaten at Ezele's chicken you don't know what greatness is
Tried Fruit Punch water. Can't say I'm a fan. Vitamins, after mixed in water, give a powdered texture that stays on tongue.
#ThingsImThankfulFor is my family and mindless behavior
i get distracted but im ok
Make progress on student feedback, check. Submit NEH proposal, check. Department meeting, check.
thank so much, we are in touch with Katherine now!
Porcelain comes in many different styles and finding one that will suit your needs won't be hard.
#sincemittsbeengone is another bullsh*t twitter attempt by
blah blah blah bligity blah...
nope. But you were complimenting me like mad so I had to ask if I know you lol.
Yay!! Updating my Resume
happy valentines day fuckers ; ]
We lost one Jorge...... Are you going to be switching over to the dark side anytime soon? LOL
good and you sir?
Great high school transition meeting today! Technology, i.e., Dragon and Kurtzweil Reader are big bridges for access to a regular education.
I picked to click
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause you see me rolling down the street in a Monster Truck
GM Marketing really needs a new commercial idea ... i have a good idea & you can have it! let's talk. 11012
I think should follow me
There's a short line building at the flash Apple store downtown. People want their new iPads.
wondering if anyone would be willing to send us autographed items for our elementary school fundraiser without us having to pay for them...
- it's Ben BTW
will you please please follow <3
Thinking about a flik, where a guy gets to go back in time & change things to get this model girl & be luckiest guy alive.
Kid Rock and the ! And it's a fundraiser for the DSO! I fully support!
I know, I can't believe I still have the book or that it was useful! Ann, remember our project?
I hate texting you first . it feels like I'm bothering you ... /:
I need to learn Portuguese ❤❤
smokey mountains? are you guys coming to Atlanta? your so close!
Posting your work on our blog is one more way we wish to help artists spread their name. We love to see artists grow, so please send images!
typographic rule, I believe.
be strong
He reached down from on high and took hold of me. He drew me out of deep waters. Psalms 18:16,
umm that's hot? lmaoooo RT : My butt feels bigger. In a good way. Like I've got more thrusting power.
MY MAN, that's the way to do it! tell me more about the device. My waste needs some help
sans Derrick Rose
ah....... tomorrow is monday, wish the weekend was alittle longer!!
Cloudy & cooler after Thunder & Rain...TX Weather in PHX!! Can't wait to play in Austin next weekend! #HookEm !!
#iWishYouKnew How much a simple reply can mean -___-
Got the very "interesting" couple here at saint danes,hah
but I want to go right now ;(
What is up with romneys wifes roots
lol! Shut up!
I do not generally play online multiplayer games, and I ignore the FPS genre as a whole. =/
You're invited to add one of your videos to our site; will give you additional exposure for your singing.
every 1 follow please than reply santana :to get a s/o and follow back!!!
I heard that also!!
I'd give you one except I need them all.. sorry
Ook! If I didn't text you back the first 3times what make u think ima reply the 4th & 5th time ?!
Thanks for the City of Raleigh Environmental Awards RTs and mentions
i texted the number! Please follow.me :*
lookin pretty sexy out there.
Failed to drink enough to ease the pain of the winged cattle car
The person you take for granted today, could very well be the person you miss terribly tomorrow.
Dr Joel Cler did my cuff, now it's better than my dominant side. it's painful post op. Take the implanted pain pump. Good Luck
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout W
Ok, I am now hooked on
Thanks for watching & tweeting ! We have more great artists like coming your way! Stay tuned & happy watching :)
Why does the Toyota Prius commercial look like an Old Navy one? I feel like I need to buy khakis and not a car.
"Greed and patience don't live together very well." --Keith Jackson, ABC Sports broadcaster
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I HOPE ITS AMAZING. ILY<3
thank you son son :))
Sure. :-) We wouldn't be practicing what we preach if we didn't turn a critical eye back onto ourselves.
Discount tires! Great warranty and less than half of what you were quoted.
Stopping by a Girl Scouts event & then having a Girls Night Out with my best friends at World of Beer for dinner
Obama’s March Madness Bracket Is Probably Better Than Yours
Happy Birthday! Hope your day is filled with good food and fine wine!
I've been great as well, hot AF out here... But other than that, i'm coolin
cant wait to go to the movies later to see think like a man wit and others should be fun ;)
yes, they get pretty big. So adorable when they're babies. Looks as tho they can get attached to humans, too.
Fri Entree Special:Black Mouth Chunook Salmon on a bed of Bourbon Mashed Sweet Potatoes with Pecan Relish & Apricot Mustard Butter Sauce
Studying on a friday afternoon.
Naw naw when I said that I meant that I was havin alil problem with a friend.
Making fun of some one else isn't going to make you any skinnier, prettier, or better.
Okay so this Guy his name is Josh and he works at the bowling ally and I swear he was flirting with me and . . . .
Not easy for me, but learning to appreciate today's quote of the day: "When nothing is sure, everything is possible." ~Margaret Drabble
Tournament Extravaganza August 6th!
Sorry guys my twitter got hacked
#followme to the bank!
"Commit your works to the Lord, and your thoughts shall be established."-Proverbs 16:3. <3
As a PA I spend most of my day grocery shopping and cleaning and I get paid less than everyone else. I'm sorta like a woman in the 1950s.
Fakers might get swept in the second round 2 yrs in a row,i sure will be laughing if that happens
Government, national or State, has never yet provided suitably for the education of women. (1856)
NBA Playoffs. ..enough said
My boy and the Mavs beat down #Lebrick and the bitches ! Come back of a lifetime !!!!
doesn't look good
I love how screams ♥
WEEKLY REVIEW: Change of Command , among guests: Councilwoman MP Clarke, Councilman Bill Henry
was it hard? Lol
Our focus is on helping parents help their children reach their potential and participate in family, school and community activities.
At Union Station's #NationalTrainDay, I saw several vintage locomotives and passenger cars including an E7 and Pullman coaches.
happy mothers day!!
Thanks goodness girl! I was worried about you! Continue with your crazy water intake. Good luck with the train ride!
Hey tweeps. Hope you all had a good one out there in library and writing land.
I want to meet "Peggy" from the Discover Card commercials...
yes, what kind of design you are looking .. any reference. very colorful or simple ..
Happy birthday to my brother and best friend, !
A real man isnt ashamed to kiss his girl in public, brag about the queen that she is & love her like she's never been loved before..
Copland was fantastic! You're right, too. I'm learning to appreciate and respect him.
RT“ I Don't Remember The Last Time I Did Homework. Smh oh well”
hey my Sleezy!
Lion King Lear
It's ok we win some we lose some but we live to fight another day :) forever
Napoleon dynamite cartoon this January, sweet
I can't wait to get the iphone tomorrow ♥ ♥ ♥ #birthday!
also depends on role on service; rare but sometimes resident is more of an extra & so no one may need to replace
You were rad! I'm so glad I went!
I think i love
we saw your tweet & liked your FB :-)
what you do best!!! Songwriting that is :) Can't wait to hear!!! Would love to see what your gonna blow up tonight:) Awesome
yea, that's a no no!
My student's increasingly use the term "the late-1900s", which, for them, refers to the period between 1980-1999. We've entered a new era.
Thanks for the follow ;)
Happy hump day to0o all... I love you all...keep warm to
that's..that's just uncanny.
When i miss you maybe i just look at your photo ! :/
I'm not gonna tell y'all how many times I have listened to Josh's version of "This is a mans world" this week.
About to go get Biden'd.
A new chapter is about to begin with change reshaping familiar terrain. Anticipation at every level and blessed in every way.
After your late local news and David Letterman and Craig Ferguson its the Masters, then "One shining moment"...
And that's a wrap, folks! Big thanks to and A.D. for the video help!
Bassnectar, Pretty Lights and Ratatat all killed it last night...energy at nectar was unreal
Edson Pride feat. Cyon flare -Free your body part 2 the Tony Moran remix is #2 on master beat top sellers list. Amazing!
New block of ISBNs, you're mine.
HBO Casting Call for Treme
Just had breakfast at Daniel's with :) Love their porkchops!! m!
HEY HOMIE G
You won't believe this, but I just figured out why they named a record store, Licorice Pizza lol.
Reading the rants of the Salty Droid. He totally bitch slaps some of the big time IM gurus. True or not, his rants are fun to read.
lol I was actually just about to reply to your email :p
an intense but short lived snow shower associated with a cold frontal passage. Enjoy it!
if it's a kid, absolutely! Nominate them to run for free!
Still a great little book: The Brand Gap by Marty Neumeier
email us if you have not received please. we will help! :>)
I've had some pretty awesome dreams lately. Last night I was on a mission to find a machete during some zombie decapitating adventures.
