Everyone getting high, Get yo head out the clouds.. It's amazing what ppl will say and do just just to stick out
The great Marvin Harrison only looks slightly more like an NFL player than this Justin guy from Radford, VA who won some contest. Amazing.
Establishing a social media presence is highly overrated. I quit. - zach.
Clues to engage consumers: “Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.”
I can't participate in that game.. Smh.
RT : We succeed (or fail) not because of what we are, but more because of the stories we tell ourselves
♠RT : you can tell a lot about a person that brings up every instance when they have done the slightest for you.
you gotta go look some other ones up. wkuk is hilarious
Remember when we had to read an article, listen to an article, then make a speech? The big joke called AP Spanish <3
Automatic- Nicki Minaj >>>>>> what ever your listening to.
I really don't want to cook, but none of the restaurants still offering delivery at this hour appeal to me. :[
He is the Greatest Dj EVER!!!!!!!!! Pay the man...lol
I LOVE MY COLUMBUS BOYS LOL CONGRATS GUYS LOVE YOU
Someone hit my car in a parking lot and forgot to stop and tell me;) I fixed it for $6- thank you Jesus
You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith
E A B7 = 'I've been everywhere'
How to Cure Foot Gout: Including low-fat dairy food in your routine diet will help to cure and stop gout ... There are a lot of foods...
Happy Friday! Woohoo - Any interesting plans??
My takeaway from tonight's debate: the clear winner was moderator Juan Williams.
happy Easter
I got to see it from the water...pretty amazing.
of course!!! Just like last week. Looking forward to u rockin the Rhumba!
ok!! Thanks for the help!
so do you know if we have VIP do we meet you too or just MB?
Move ur tools to production mode once u figure out ur goals. Officialize it, have policies. Thx Edward!
Draw something anyone?
What's the date on this sick antelope with all the teases in the beginning?? Mikeo Esquandolas?!?
workshop: Establish value of a website by identifying how much it would cost an org. to communicate/operate w/o it.
Cant ever get a peaceful nights sleep anymore without shit on my mind.
a+ hanging out yesterday. ;)
the hair def compliments the lips.
Think I'm gonna have an amy winehouse marathon this weekend...
Even the sun sets in paradise 🌆
ur so beautiful
Big thanks to Coach Gary Kubiak & the for taping a great segment for Jake Plummer's AZ HoF induction video. Knows Jake well!
Heading up to Ithaca to see the Cornell Johnson Museum 's new expansion! Any recommendations of things to do while upstate?
I did---and I sent it to our weekend folks as something to cover---thx Harris!
Working late? Studying late? Happy Hour at 10 pm - $5 Drafts. A burger and a beer to kick off the long weekend.
i am 90% sure the outside of your noise doesn't have cartilage doe
just killed the halftime show at the Frankfort High School varsity game!!!! great radio event!!!
in Dominican jail. Oh wait that was Simon. And Guerrero. And Ponson.
Had my first series regular audition today. I think it went well. Keep it comin', 2012!
students contribute to readings of the class by submitting readings and summaries
lol we do that all the time!
all I can think of offhand is keeping Meebo chat open? Could also make an online form, prob something better though
You are right Senator...where has he been???
No poems can please for long or live that are written by water-drinkers. ~ Horace
tru dat son...i feel you, im back home lookin for a job for the summer...i hit your phone the other day unless u was busy
- Agreed and agreed. Almost always a good fit.
I know. But you're cuter ;) Hahaha.
it's true, he is uniquely trained
At the Paley center, waiting to interview Kevin Conroy, Andrea Romano, & Phil Morris. Just saw Phil Morris get locked out.
Law of Results Progression-Activities lead to certain outcomes, creating new opportunities for new activities, leading new outcomes-on & on.
": Anyone else think this dude Canelo Alvarez looks like Blake Griffin's brother? #FightNight" except Canelo got skills.
Welcome aboard!
fundraiser for ???
Dorworth, Palmer inducted into ski shrine
Everyone tune in to BET to see the one and only ' new "The Don" video!!!!
At (inside) the ford theater for the first time and the nice usher even showed me the main space! What a treat :)
I KNOW!! I got pink carpet!! And dressers:] ~Devin.Anne<3
hey do any of u wanna chat with me on ustream? my name is becky_hartstein:)
was it the Acura rdx? That jumped out at me like a sore thumb
me too!
Going to see the adjustment buearu now! I heart matt damon
Ok Alexi...how do we get you grow a big ole ginger beard? You would for sure be a great beard of history.
And y'all think MURPH is a bad defensive player??? Ok
You dream it, I live it.
‎235 yrs ago 2day: Continental Congress holds 1st vote on Declaration of Independence. Thank God they held another.
hey Nick (: how you doing ?
special circumstances, they're going to open on the weekends just for AG
I think that "It Will Rain" is one of the BEST covers you have done.. I am in love <3
Thank you #FIrstNationalBankSouthlakeTownSquare for a fabulous Exchange Night! Kudos to
Google maps blows my mind a bit more every time I use it. Does anyone know of a more powerful single page app? I don't.
interesting distinction and why i don't believe anything that any candidate says.
So I watched "SiCKO" today. I ALWAYS KNEW KNIXON WAS AN ASS! A NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE MAKES SENSE. I DONT H8 FRANCE...AMERICA DOES.
if cancels im gonna be crying for about a week i just love the morning newscast!
that was the only acceptable answer..
I just saw a Kia commercial with Blaine Griffin (whoever that is), looking like he's flipping everybody off. How does that get past censors?
i hate how i have to wait two years to be old enough to go to abdc tapings.
Done and done! Congrats on passing the $5K mark! Have a great walk! #giveeveryday love
I think I need to buy the eggnog ones. Just have to figure out which of my friends will understand them... ;)
lmao all random, i want chinesse food!
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
RNG killed it. Bailey at that one point omg.
Agree with that! Lets go get UCLA!
has a hot body. Follow him. Lol
great meeting last night! fence is going up tomorrow, good things are coming
GOING ON CLEVELAND TODAY BEFORE I GO TO THE HOUSE
Panic slowly ensuing upon me as we reach the stoke of midnight.
I didn't use her today! We got your wheel fixed!
We’re demonstrating OneCommand Vision at next week, booth #821!
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
math 141 (calc 1) thats the highest you could test into i think. It was kinda hard /: i got 25/33
you doin summer school
RT "It's the RECORD business that's in trouble - the MUSIC business is doing better than ever" (Kenneth Hertz)
The Wood is on. Cc:
Thanks for the #FF!
good morning
Holy Moly. That 675R is nice.
Damn...MJ must be broke...oh well...I woulda took the money too & then went into exile for a minute..why not a Microsoft commercial??
Monday night madness.. ...we in that thang
wishes Apple wouldn't release a new operating system until all of the bugs are worked out :-/ OY!
Visiting with Bruce Hulse and his beautiful wife, Katrina. Looking at their Christmas in Paris pics!
not to get all "PICK ME FOR YOUR REBOUND!!" but dude, you could use a drink on somebody else. if you're up for it, let me know.
Ride the wave!! don't get swallowed by it - life is more then drugs & L
"do not throw me under the bus, because I'll back it up reverse it and hit you right back"
Chris never misses.
I ask myself that question every day, But nothing ever seems to come up.
There are products out there to mount an iPhone to a tripod but leaning against a stationary object and using both hands works OK
you should follow me lol.
Ugh, I received bad news yesterday. My new job is delayed between 2 weeks to a month due to equipment problems.
thanks folks for putting up the info on Drew, hope this is not more than a miss one game type thing!
#Edmodo My district is using moodle but finding it is a great place for me to "house" resources but students do not become engaged in chats.
See how some women are, if they don't get what they want in life from you, your gonna get your teeth knocked out!, I mean pulled out, lol.
just compared me to #Jess from
Looking forward to movie and munchie night. Also copius amounts of
I will play leapfrog before this day is over. Even if it's with an unwilling terrier.
RT : #dreamdeferred12 "the College Board Policy and Advocacy Center website will become indispensable to you"
oh yeah for sure oh and Joe is not gay he just like Kobe!! Hahaha I say Miami and San Antonio
OK I'll keep you posted on that. These particular relatives live in ID & haven't visited our house since I was 12, so they get dibs
Thanks for following, Katie. Look forward to sharing tweets.
Thanks for sharing! It's nice to know you're in our audience. Extra credit/a free Reman U t are yours with a mailing address :)
Any body have any good ideas for songs for the mixtape?? Let me now in a message or tweet :) Thanks guys hmu ! ~Nickster
Note to self: when starting a liver detox, prepare to feel hungover. #thingsIwishIwastold Getting healthy is hard. Being healthy is Great.
But students also need to be challenged and taught to think independently, not regurgitate information.
What a performance from Mike Smith last night. 54 save shutout!
": Fear, hatred, and suspicion narrow your mind – compassion opens it."
Tomorrow is performing with at McDavid Studio. is performing in the Hall w/
have not been there but a hot tub might convince me to like karaoke!
This is hurting me soo much...
I want someone to randomly kiss me as we talk.! like in The Last Song. but someone cute , ♥ I'd be so happy
Whitney better come back for a second season! I love that show :D if you haven't seen it, you should! It's fucking hilarious.
I don't talk to a lot of people dumb ass. I'm not outgoing but i have friends. STOP ASSUMING
Endorphins are the body's natural painkillers. They are released during exercise and, of course, massage!
cause yall have a great recent playoff hist. Against em
omg i will see the wanted & maroon 5 tomorrow, i need to look sexy wot
unfollowing you because of your annoying retweets. Can I get a retweet?!
Linda, this is such a good post!
Science needs to be over... NOW!
Decided to go through Cincinnati on the way home. Unfortunately, the Reds are in Washington on Friday. Boo.
I think I've thought of a way to teach a study abroad course in information literacy. Next: convince lots of people it's a brilliant idea!
Super Moon tomorrow night, hoping for a clear sky
I'm planning to go this afternoon after I finish something with a looming deadline. Yup, using the HP7 carrot!
Nerala lift irrigation scheme to start from November - Times of India
"Masters of the Universe”, Bankers.
I'm the next Sutton Foster mmmhmm #playme lol
A person's right to vote doesn't come into being when they have a government issued ID
let the Twitter revolution begin.
No matter how old i get, i still want to choke a kid when they play a game of copy me...repeating everything i say
Totally disrespectful to Marshall's two-strike curveball. RT : 3-run HR for Angel Pagan puts #SFGiants ahead of #Reds 6-5 in 9th.
A cocktail on the Vinoy verandah is always a MUST DO in #StPete Tempted now myself!
and in the playoffs
Big congrts!!!! have fun.
dreamy trance??? Nicki are you adding ecstasy and LSD to your perfume? Explain!
Pallbearers are Seau's sons and brothers.
So excited for tonight's #caps game with Bruins are going down!
I'm just piling on. You have no clue what you're talking about lol
Love the people god put in your life cause one day he'll need them back <3
searching for a Sanitation Supervisor with Dairy processing and CIP experience; degree; relo provided. Send reusme to
Trying my hand at coding with
you still coming skating right? You can't stand me up again ray lls
Being educated by the Winegrower & Winemaker from & rt now. Humbled that they're sharing knowledge & passion w/me
Just learned that my short story "Dear Diary" will appear in the fall issue of "Do Not Look at the Sun." That just made my day.
RT : Really excited about some of the ideas and I just put together for
Today Shannon Miller turns 35! She is the most decorated gymnast in U.S. history with 4 bronze, 6 silver, and 11 gold medals!
That is the best new chant!
Los Angeles Fitness Expo BodySpace Spokesmodel Winners Laura Bailey and Craig Capurso in June 2012 Iron Man Magazine
Did you know? Thirteen states were carved from the Louisiana Territory. The Louisiana Purchase nearly doubled the size of the United States.
with this princess of a disease till this year and I am still young too but I could not imagine. God gave us this journey 4 a
If you blow your nose while going to the bathroom, you'll pee faster
really enjoying my day off I'm catching up on Korra and I started Drag Race season 4!
this time, im NOT sorry. its not my fault you push people away.
guess we don't have to worry about that trade anymore... so let the '12 Rondo to Howard alley oop talks take over
We do need a lawyer in the fam! RT ": I'm obsessed! I want her job! #changingmymajor"
dont never ever second guess yourself bacause at the end of the day your first guess is right...!!!!!!!!!!!urs truly ashleigh
Lou Holtz Get the facts first. You can distort them later.
Back to work after a long holiday weekend!! Time to grind!!
I beez in the trap
an enthusiastic, good looking, greek nerd. Doesn't that sound much better? haha
16 years young
"Let there be light"
I hate kids that think they're cool.
Q&A SURPRISE GUEST GAY ABEL-BAY. The Jungle will be shown TOMORROW, not today. Jungle also on #orphans8 DVD
Just realized where I've seen Ron Paul before...as Ralph Fiennes's dad in "Quiz Show."
buzz abt #occupy protesters w/vid phones/internet to monitor police brutality instant/widespread pics
Power went out while I was baking chicken.
Pleased that my short-lived stint as a libertarian during high school served me well today.
I am thinking of having a coffee cart in my high school library, mornings before school. Any thoughts out there?
oh no I missed the secret life of an american teenager. I hope Amy and Ricky stay together and actually get married.
If your an artist trying to go big? tell me and ill post it on my youtube channel and tell and share about you:)thanks
what are you thinking of getting her? :-)
Ha! I should have known that you are watching #touch!
it's #11:11 my prince, please follow me?
haha! So it would seem. I guess I was unaware of his internet phenomenon status. I thought he mostly talked about bacon. :-)
Thanks for the FOLLOW!
Dude do you remember when we went to Nautica to see Everclear and Offspring! And when I crowd surfed & got drilled in the eye!
Things that are already great and tend to get better : Photoshop CS 6 - Can't wait for the full set of tools.
Had a great conversation with someone in French, using Google Translate. Man, that technology has come around in the last few years!
damn sneaky friends.
Maybe our political system is so intertwined with financial sector preventing effective oversight & prosecutions.
I learned alot today. The old me was so much better!
I pray for the day that cancer is just a zodiac sign🙏 I'm only almost 15 & I have known many ppl with cancer in my life...
nice overalls!
everyone gets to see my parents but me
Rob said that -_-
Please check out my website ladies and gentleman #castings #Acting #TeamFollowBack www.Actressshaquitasmith.com muah!
ahh yes, turn the other cheek. the war cry of the fraidy cats.
Really liking my Cook pick up this week!!!
Still loving ur album, BTW, Andrea-it's so beautiful!
Is Super Cute (: and Should be my laywer buddy ! l0l
16 and pregnant(:
the bright yellow pants you are sporting today showed up quite well court on my app for iPad! :)
Good morning! Have a great day!
Or people who are annoying AND clingy...
Thanks for the info Shannon! Did you get a crazy message from my Twitter account?
Love you too babe ; *
-was thinking of you when I saw Piggy's side pony
drink a tab energy drink?
i'm sitting here laughing at myself for no reason...i'm not even that funny HELP ME SOMEONE
Space, then shift and # to delete.
Fun tagging along w/ to the party tonight. Looking forward to DrupalCon!
ive made 15 songs since then and releasing the best 7. ill most likely release 1 either the last week of march or 1st of april
Pre-registration is now closed but come out to Arvey Field on Thursday from 4:30-6:15 to sign up- race begins at 6:30!
Oof. So sorry. It's such a headache. 3x now, going on 4x.
saw it today too. My heart goes out to that incredible company. Definitely deserved some more "life"
#typicalGeminiTrait Love laughter!
A runner ornament? That's really sweet. Surely Hallmark has a plastic figurine for that. ;)
I follow these debates w/UL, redpill and MC (they're interesting) and UL sounded final a few mins ago
Soft rain, coffee, dog snoozing at my feet, kids in school or napping... That, my friends, is a perfect Monday!!!
*fans will cant.....sorry bout the typo
oh okay lol now it makes sense. Sorry!
Last meeting of the CA970 grad seminar to be held at the Terrace? Yes, please! Another reason to love
I found out on Sunday, that I'm a fucking boss at beer pong XD
Hey Niallers, I'm taking the AP Lit college board exam in a bit, it would mean so much if you'd wish me luck! I need it!
Need instructor to teach legal project management for online interactive course.
Great working with Make it sizzle!
Took my wife, Shar L Schermer, out for Thai food tonight. Great food plus sharing it all with the woman I love!
you're handy Southside cats!
But I still think Game of Thrones should have been animated and the theme music should have been that Black Mountain song.
RT Q9. Favorite museum you've visited while traveling?
is it bad there?
The Legendary Dobbs celebrates tonight! 1 yr anniversary (38yrs total) & bringing the best music back to South St. 5pm, 12 bands just $5!
it's been so awesome working with you! is so lucky to have you! Looking forward to our continued work together!
Getting ready to head to San Diego tomorrow for #alise2011!
yo did u take my purple shorts in the gym locker?
It has been fun the past few days watching cars trying to make it out of our neighborhood. This morning there is a line of cars TRYING.
Of course they do this on a weekend I NEED the metro. RT : Intersection @ Lee Hwy & Gallows Rd. will be closed this weekend.
So true. We've had our share of Macs to fix because of this denial..
More than halfway thru season 6 of #dexter & still hasn't taken his shirt off.
Balls is one of my favorite words. Ball is just ok. Lesson learned? Two is better than one.
I respect every girl that falls asleep with their phone in their hand waitin for that goodnight text or call and waking up to nothin.
Congrats on the move Kristy! And yes....milk an empty inbox for as long as it lasts. Perhaps until 3:00 tomorow ;) Merry Christmas
Peer pressure is so annoying. Let me do me.
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
While I do agree. They have a trophy for most goals. With or without Stamkos TB isn't a playoff team. Thus I cry Snub for G! haha
Fringe is pretty great, and it's not all that uncommon for shows to do.
Heading to with looking to bring the hurt on some crab legs and, of course, the #blackjack tables!
hahahha we will have fun!! While your working...haha
headed to Sacramento to photograph solar tomorrow. hope it's not raining.
I'm leaving gotta better myself move to new York with my cousin
Work Hard. Play Later. Success doesn't come overnight.
How high are u right now unk joey?! lol
forever and ever and ever!<33
Might make the Toronto Maple #Leafs my 2nd team in the NHL since their history fans and current ineptitude remind me so much of the
I been crazy tho, since I came out the placenta.
Luck is when you make it to the parking meter with ONE MINUTE LEFT.
im tired now..GN!
Thanks Kate! RT : Love it there. Had such a good time during my visit.
People's questions at #suspectmz #sxsw reinforced for me how good a thing is.
good for us then
and to that comment Mr. Risch... Are you surprised? Haha
TUESDAY´S glee episode was #EPIC, poor santana (naya rivera)
It's so pathetic smh
Matt LaPorta just doesn't look like a big leaguer to me. So over matched all the time
It has nothing to do with it...I have a 50 inch TV at home...What does THAT say??..
It's fun to be a homeless student, sleep at different places every night and not worrying about rent
the correct term is in sync.
I Love You 
Worked on a video today, only took me about three hours I think. It's been a long time but it whent faster then usual. thank goodness
AWESOME! Let's break things together! here we come!
Not another hit by Pena.
ooh I would just delete her! lol.
Taco Bell, Steak N Shake, McDonald's, Burger King, B-Dubs, etc.....all DELIVER now! Call the Munchie Express! 765-209-4070
Hills, you look beautiful! Cant wait for the video! Love #WantedYouMore :))
doesn't feel like christmas without snow
Still @ wk guess I'm forced to watch All Star game on my phone
I'm not a role model nor do I claim to be it
Bout to hit this hay..
why are you always shirtless
Draft team needs: Indianapolis Colts
Did you ever know someone walking around like they ate the freshness packet?
Today is my birthday and the ONLY thing I want in the world is for or to follow me? Please Please!!!!
I can't play Xbox today. I'm boycotting
Hey Can Yuh Give Me A Shoutout.?(: I'll Give Yuh One Too(:
An example for the kids. “: I'm training myself to call it Myanmar by randomly interjecting Myanmar into every day conversation”
You want us to make that ass clap too ? lol
I believe!
Out and about with my boys celebrating Haze's bitrthday!
Shit I will personally clean the whole thing for a mere million :o)
Barcelona -v- Chelsea live right now. Stop by and enjoy the game on the patio or in the restaurant. Offering great drink and food specials!!
Going to watch Donnie Darco in bed with my lovey
I need to clean up my followers, my time line is never ending
gracias. Appreciate the input. Building best fake minor league in the upper mid-west with your help.
your video is almost ready (:
all i need is 3 more i have 97
Jet Professional « Rock Solid Ideas
I wasn't complaining about the age or grey! It's the effing AARP card I was sent today. It's like, C'MON!
We lift the cross, lift it high, lift it high! #missingTeamChipley :)
Broken finger doesn't seem to mind writing a novel tonight.
"Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do… The best way to predict the future is to invent it."
Tks, - nice to "meet" you . Hope you guys enjoyed #PortsBkfstClub Wish I was closer - sounds fun! :)
RT : #WHCD Michelle Obama is just dazzling as always :-)
I live in ghetto town NE Portland. Well basically Gresham. But yeah.
Just finished in the lab with and man did she kill it! Go on girl.
Do ya reasearch b4 you jump on the Kony 2012 band wagon
I can't wait to see your pretty face on my TV!
also will be able to keep you busy - she seems to have a lot going on too
if it's Family Business...
If I was #CEO of #Google, #Expedia, #Travelocity, #Orbitz, #Tripadvisor or #Groupon I would partner & tweet #Travel Deals :)
hahah . Oh well .
Hahaha that's the gayass romo I know!!! LET'S GO
Hi Karen, Please call me at 310.289.2124, Thanks.
Congrats!! Yall made us proud! Good luck in the championship.
Thankfully, those individuals don't speak for either me or Most of #GOP sides w/me against u.
Exactly I am as shocked as anyone. It's MLB backwards. We were just used to blown save after blown .......
nice ass ;)
Happy Anniversary... to us! Today, marks 's 2nd anniversary!
omg their burgers are so bomb! Yuum. Please follow <3
another LAME snow storm headed our way
Too kind!
cold outside hot inside... icecream paintjob!
I'm gunna start the movement NOW! D. Howard & D. Will. to the Blazers!!! #DHoward&DWill2RipCity!
we are our own worst enemies.
If u gotta worry. There's a reason
is sure excited about her free jeans from the GAP. Did anyone else take advantage of this location based social media advertising?
I think he suffers from spouse-related hearing loss. He can hear everyone but me ;) Seriously, our DS has SNHL. DH & I are fine.
So I am seeing the #Lyons on #broadway tonight with Linda Lavin and my Buddy Michael Esper.
Anybody else annoyed by the suddenly inescapable phrase "dribble drive"? Isn't it just "drive"? What other kind of "drive" can there be?
Lmfao will do.
Madison Fire Department tells me there were 3 to 4 persons on the small plane. Those persons are ambulatory.
I'm about to. that's how over math I am. history and Econ are a breeze. but who gives TWO math finals?!
thanks for the follow! Thanks for watching CBS19:)
Jane, I think the Lord has a purpose for the things we go through. We can help others lift their heads up too. Huge hugs.
east! i didnt see you though:(
I'm gonna see what I can do!
field day was the best day ever!
ILSCRule 214 calls for producing printed documents; the Rule is outdated.
what you have there, is a #flirtationship which in my opinion, are the best all around!
it was but I didn't think the uk isnt that much different
Here's a bit of advice for all, don't go to a concert when you borderline have strep throat. You will leave feeling like death.
that's exactly what I thought! :)
Where in LA is ? It's like Carmen SanDiego..
Spending her Easter with her favorite person.
I agree,but I called & guy asked for my Dem#, contact info, etc & could not give any specs just broad support 2 come. 3weeks2go
Rolling out to the corn fields :)
Can't decide if I'm moving to the Bronx or Brooklyn
I'm fully OK with that being on the back burner, but better to be given a heads up about it.
would love your thoughts when lunaymarproductions.com gets published. i'll keep you posted. thanks!
nawww... Coples then Kendricks the kid from Cal. But I'd be fine w your scenario.
back at ya! cheers! RT here's to no Mayan-predicted apocalypse finding you in '12!
Hi & , follow us back so U can see & retweet our tweets about #IntheArtoftheCity, May 3rd,
That moment when you get SUPER comfy..then you get a message.
Kaputt and Black Up for sure. If MP3s could wear out, those would be pretty faint by now.
do you have a tumblr?
I should have invested more in GOLD.... #20/20Hindsight
Ahh yeah, schooling little kids on rockband.
Happy Halloween! Which Velocity Coach has the scariest class? (Adult&D2 classes included) Reply w/ #VeloScary for chance to win free class!
Get in to Coa and try our Lechon Torta! Pulled pork topped w our tomatillo salsa, lettuce, chihuahua cheese, and pickled onion!
Great, glad I could help.
Oh okay! Lol thanks for not makin fun of me haha!
WI Dem Party's Mike Tate says, "We have to end the civil war in WI and the only way to do that is remove Walker from office."
Smoking & Watching my favorite movie, 8 mile ♥
lol just like me
Yep, don't push it. RT Pull Huddy!
Tonight's the perfect time to stop by and pick up the latest Happenings magazine. Grab a new dvd while you're at it!
Does she usually hate parties or something?
I put in a request to my friends at WTHR! You never know.
Biggest cheer of the night: when Brian Scalabrine shown on jumbotron.
The number of commercials and placement of them on nationally syndicated talk radio shows makes the shows very difficult to listen to.
Great shot! RT Best photo ever. Period. instagr.am/p/jC43G/
Readers from the LA Review of Books are taking part in our marathon reading of "On the Road", through 9PM !
"Your consciousness fills up all of space and time."//Wow, no wonder I can't find a parking spot.
saw the movie & all I can say is this, "Go to the box office, and bring me my movie. The one that has Bad MF written on it"
only 2 out of like 30 houses, half werent home or already had one or freaky said they werent interested
The Masters final round. Lefty was awesome yesterday. Gotta pull for the San Diego Kid.
What do you see? " The greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions, and not our circumstances.~ Martha Washington"”
so far so goo :) he's so amazing
Thanks for retweeting my post!
Almost 300 from California? That's great. Do you know how many are coming from East of the #Mississippi?
VOLUNTEERS: clean up day, Monday 7/18 at 7pm contact us for more info
Why did Warren Buffett get so far off track after having a fantastic reputation as an investor? He had earned that reputation by doing well.
I'm getting a Trimet pass! I have never had one, I am stoked.
Kanpachi is in season....... #Sushi Culture
We rely on twitter 4 marketing our services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
What would you like to know about real estate investing?
check out www.naturalguidecoupons.com forgreen & health focused coupons :)
Tournament, game or any other sporting event that you would like to have here in Clark County? Contact me,
Strawberries & Fruit Dip <3
Thanks for the follow.
We had two short concerts, with intro & narration by W. A. Mozart himself in period dress. Was lots of fun for all. :-)
“: Seems like we always cry the hardest over those who don't deserve our tears..”
Subscribe to william nixon he's fucking awesome!! (;
I swear there r some kind non-ignorant people from TN. RT Matthew Shepard's father speaks out against TN's "Don't Say Gay" bill
it's official, we are too old for spring break
This weather is
i really do love when i find new music out, when nobody knows or listens to it and then everyone finds out about it.
W.T.F
that makes me hot
I miss you to :) How have you been?!
You are going to get so much spam from GotoMeeting and FreeConferenceCall. com for that tweet...
dude thank you. Every week. You're awesome.
right? , you should meet Chanelle.
Couldn't be summer for just a few days, and already I had to read an article warning of ticks and Lyme disease.
Used to work there. Surprised I didn't get a text about it, though. Not too unusual for the area, really.
I literally can't breathe right now...
Thanks, Jeff! Good seeing you! RT : Just had the best dinner ! Best I've had in #Dallas in quiet a while!
Praise God! Lost my wallet downtown yesterday and some kind soul turned it in!
Summer is here and I'm done pledging in other words I better you !
RT : Happy St Patrick's Day everyone!!!
Keith Urban: "She never even knew she had a choice & that's what happens When the only voice she hears is telling her she can't, Stupid boy"
Check out my friend jc's film "the pill" on iTunes and on demand. Not a tough film to swallow. Not that I'm an expert at swallowing things
“Be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong.” - 1 Corinthians 16:13
wedding!!! with and
For every problem you ever come across, sit down and brainstorm 10 different solutions
o so this nigga jus gon walk in my house uninvited and smoke some weed nigga u fucked up yeen put shit in this the fuck
yea i do for my prom haha
writing a new story
Yo-yos were used as weapons by warriors in the Philippines in the 16th century.
no, no, thank you!
i want to thank god for all the pretty woman he brought in my life :)
Biggest addiction: coffee. Slowly weening myself off of the sugar and creamer. Down to 1 packet of sugar per cup. Almost there but so hard!
Got on the right bus this morning! Nice.
haha me too, it calms yo butt down, and hmm i sat there for an hour and a hallf laughin like crazy screw homework
I will have #McDonalds again when they like how to market to me without insulting me.
No :( I always seem to miss it!!
Whenever an #eyecare practice says they need to revamp their patient schedules to improve patient flow. Think about contributing issues.
Played to a sold out crowd at The Chatham Fiddle Company this weekend. Thank you Rose Clancy for your endless hospitality!
because I'm blonde and even worse I'm white.
you certainly are not hahaha
#BigTimeLA here we are LA
We are SO EXCITED for tonight! Thank you again for hosting us!
A week and numerous vcalls later and still no receipt from Wondering how many times I'll have to call ...
Not washed, dry cleaned! I thought had girls to do his ironing for him?
Um, sure! [[faints dead away]] RT "Let's make CINCO DE SANDRA an annual affair!"
#IUknowshowtoparty RT Mark Cuban spent $110,000 in 4-hour, Miami club championship party, plus $20,000 tip, reports NY Post.
If Lebron really deserved MVP he needs to show me right now, this is his one chance to make me a believer
Trip to Florida.....take 2.
Thanks for a great season everyone! See you in June!
ahaha I feel special! :p
When anyone but #oomf tries to talk to me... Go away.
Im home the phone NEVER rings, But as soon as I try to take a nap, BAMM !!! Suddenly, I'm the most popular mother fucker on the planet -___-
You just made a bunch of girls fall down u know. LOL
Gonna be "Tebowing" when I turn my finals in for sure, maybe that will help.
Political sour grapes. Grow up.
Really enjoyed Dave Logan's webinar
So #CNNTrayvon is talking about the difficult conversations MOMS are having w/ sons. What about fathers?
On our way to OC Fair. #modernfamily #ittakesavillage wow fried everything and a petting zoo
no just a cop came & talked to us about laws
Nerdy asian Starcraft battle. I can't join for lack of super smart ethnicity
I wish i was a duck.
Swear I was in jail ! Ha , no sweetie not my time [YET] !
Big fat nigga...all that huffin' && puffin' .
hahahahahahahahaaha I see youre still upset
Tuning into the flow of energies and feeling for my next move.
Its important to always remain positive no matter what! Pray, have faith, and believe that things will eventually get better and they will..
The older the Facebook post, the creepier your “like” becomes.
his name is nick. hes my daughters uncle.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else, The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Um wow. What a weekend.
10 days till my birthday and 12 days till i get to party with all my close friends hope this cold goes away
D1 Coaches, we have several kids still looking for spots. 1 is a Wing that's very athletic and can score. Another is a pg that can score
going pretty well! Just getting through the little bit of school I have left, got a job, and I've just been hanging out! You?
#TheSaddestPart....is really when the song is over yet u thought it would go on and on....
Struggling to find a Genius playlist I'm content with... come on apple... tighten it up
It's ok we will get them Tuesday!
Check out my new song "Plans". I think you'll dig it. :-) www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret
So my grandpa taking me to Jamica this year ! FUCK YEAH… get to see my other family. my girl cousins & I about to wild out ;)
I have so many mixed emotions about the Trayvon Martin case.
passed out in my seat at the bar. no beer, no jameson, just benadryl and just a face full of formica table.
Class act. RT Thank you fans, friends and family for your prayers, well wishes and support. I will be ok. I will be back.
there is still no cure for mornings
call me back
RT Women in #STEM panel @ #tcbwomen w Anita Borg Inst., & Weather Channel... thx Keri it was great to sit on this panel
yes heading to Lanai then pandora come along!
RT If u happen 2be driving by the Empire State Bld, look up-it’s pink tonight in honor of the Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign!
Happy holidays from all of us at Echo!
Congrats to the Boston Knights who won the 2011 Royal Rooters Baseball League title!
Leuchter: says we needs to create a culture of philanthropy.
We are recording right now!
-- im to impatient -___- ihate waiting
cleveland get it done 2nite on the road? i think they do.
My baby givin me head on her knees, word to Tebow.
Hey the cds are 13 . Is that fine ?
RT : Congratulations to all the Huskies who are graduating today and tomorrow! Welcome to the alumni family!
One room done in 2 hours. Time for room 2. Feel like I shoulda started there but oh well. Maybe I should snooze. Good plan
Happy #FF to new #health friends and #followers Welcome!
I'm so HUNGRY! 
goodmorning babe have a great day i love you :) <3
That's like a weekend-worthy breakfast. On a Monday.
thanks, guys! have a fantastic weekend :D
i dont know about you but the idea of a carrot and a stick conspiring is pretty darn scary to me
Friday shout-outs and happy thoughts for
You all have taken over Twitter.
hmm. Wear a sexy outfit.. For me d'oh.
Oh shite! Run for it! RT : A wasp with big dangly legs just tried to eat me
did you see kinect is offering a star wars dance game?
Come on caps. U gotta score. Get on the net.
i have no idea let me check.
Good Morning! What are you looking forward to this weekend!
Enough ESPN. Can we get back to covering sports please!
I'll go on a date with you! I'll be your wingman! Well, wingwoman... I'm totes game for girl's night out! Hit me up anytime :)
awesome! Let me know and I'll hook you up with tickets
A coup in Turkey?
I for one welcome our new satellite overlords....
tx for coming! so fun! RT : Grateful for an amazing 2011 and had a blast ringing in 2012 thanks to
Working on our European Study Program in Germany and Poland. Everything has been arranged for Germany, am working on Poland.
BO! Check your Twitter more often!
Show em love & follow them:
Today's news on CNN about Walmart winning. Broke my heart.
gear mailed out today!
Got the paper this a.m.; asshole had thrown trash in my yard; picked it up & a bicyclist said good morning, reaffirming my faith in humanity
I couldn't agree more. Thanks for your thoughts!
Actually, I would love to know who watched every single bowl game. That would be an accomplishment as well as a candidate for Eharmony.
Chill out Griffin, you're not Maravich.
Excited to hear it's running well!
True wisdom is to ... change with good grace in changing circumstances. - Robert Louis Stevenson.
Would like to meet with you or Scott if you have time this week & explain why I stopped doing business w/BTD after 20+ yrs. Mark
Can't get enough of #Drumline, as a snare and base drummer in HS this movie is awesome! These kids are on a whole new level w/their skills!
have a great show!
“: Dame, why ya nut tasted like guava melons that time ? Cuz a nigga eat guavas” LMFAO!!!! 😖😂
I hardly ever get on Facebook anymore.
Me too. I typically try to gauge their interest in learning compared to their desire to just have the answer.
LacedFacts family today is #UCLABRUINS day.follow if your a ucla player, ex player or fan & retweet it.lets see how many we get
Thanks and back atcha!
Stay dry and stay safe NYC / East Coast friends and family!
How is everyone doin this mornin??
so are things ok
^es music camp for teens, private lessons for all ages, music workshops, artist development, piano lessons....need i say more...
I would like to learn Spanish since half of my family is spanish-speaking.
Anyone know if my physical license is expired, but I have a receipt showing I renewed them online. Will they let me into the bars?
I woner if today wil be the day that will tweet me a flirt?(; i will tweet flirt back(: Today could be my #someday (:
have to say 2nd period not impressed Hawks need to put it all on the line in 3rd or they'll b swinging golf clubs soon
I love this song. <3
This "getting over him" thing takes time omg
RT THIS!! : We're giving away 2 tix to on 9/10 and donating charity for every RT.
thanks for the RT!
haha:) so how you been?
2/2 ...I'd say it's not exactly the healthiest telecast in the world. Was handily beaten by NBA on OPENING NIGHT!
I oppose gay marriage because it would make my latent homosexual urges adulterous as well. That's going too far.
Final dress for Richard I tonight! This show is looking/sounding(if i do say so myself) great.
The Christmas Function youth outreach is about to go DOWN.. 10-2 today.. Part if Toys for Joy.. Lincoln HS.. Come on down!!
Twugs back ya have nice tuesday night twugs
I'm gonna try not to talk the whole day well this is gonna be super hard... (tweeting on twitter is not talking its typing words) :P
I believe so friend
I call that Tuesday!
I keep hearing loud booming noises outside I'm kinda getting scared
any recommendations? Love your feed and your site. Thanks again.
1 week. 5 venues. is rockin' #Chicago! Who is going this week & which show?! #TheVic #Riviera Civic?
God I love oldies.
sup man!!
great idea!
Collier' magazine makes a comeback A “Special Relaunch Issue” starts a subscription drive for the reborn bimonthly by publisher John T. E
FYI Percival Everett's novel Erasure: black writer overcomes intellectual tendency to write white & pens a ghetto fic parody
annoyance of the day: intelligent male comedians who still resort to sexist jokes about women.
Yeah! Swingy and surreal. :)
The Federation will be filming the commercial for Revenj Jeans this Saturday. Our first washes will debut on September 28th!
VERY NICE CLIPPERS!
agreed. Blackmarket baby
Im just tryna stay humble, kinda hard wen u shine like da sun doe ☀ ;p
me and the nephew all week chillin like polar bearz in December on santas front porch! thats my heart..
hope you can make it out to the Miss Greater Rochester Pageant, this year two women will get scholorships in #missamerica system
nopee lol its cool , you're lucky you're black lmao
Why hello there, partner
Leadership - A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
Thanks for the RT, !
Ten minutes outdoors=30 minutes of pants in the dryer.
Thank you. Need to catch up soon.
Wood if this is it, end it on a perfect note
20 minute run + arm workout today..diet still tight..
Come to the Library on Saturday at 12 for a work day! It'll be fun and you get to discover new/old books (which is entertaining...)
Wish I could have got breakfast this morning.
Didn't realize you were a apologist til now, and a softball artist. Ugly point of view and soft journalism
awesome photo!
nice, how have u been?
no. no one is observing the easter holiday in the lakes region
RT : unpursued dreams never really die. Just re-focus your energy and make it happen!!
I think I need a twitter intervention.
Ain't nothing like expressing yourself in public! Let us create a shirt for you!
#Walker Trashed county, with racism, left it deeper in debt, paying more interest, to boot! | #MKE #Valley in great hands: Barrett
No, we are not holding class outside, you lazy hippies.
Gas prices up 83% during Obama's tenure. And no pipeline...with no viable major alternative fuel...during the worst economy of my lifetime.
great. bringing all of our drivers as well. they deserve some beer too.
i'd die
I would read How to Brew by John Palmer, there is even a simple free online version. That is the bible for beginners.
Thanks for sharing this article! Hoping to apply the three ways soon!
#ICanAdmit that I'm struggling. I know things will get better again, but until they do I'm staying positive & hopeful that a job will come.
recruiting is a lot like the prom. Lol
ooc; Umm. I have to go now. Savannah's kicking me out... but I'll be on every 20 minuets or less from MY phone...
OH: "I'm geeking out right now. We're UX-ing a UX document."
OFF TO PARTAY AT THE PALLADIUM!!! SHIT GETS CRAZY OVER THERE
Pls remember, we now operate Fall/Winter/Spring hours. No more Sat's ;( Our paninis taste great the next day warmed in oven. 70s tomorrow
sharon stone would have been awesome minus coke plus weed.
not gonna lie she on my mind...fuck it ima give it a shot <3
We are locked! Amazing process when you open it up to more input from a few in your circle. Informed opinions are worth considering.
Watching #MaryTylerMoore reruns -- such a great show -- but I should be
They don't ever jam ya shit or fck with ya until you get on !
#lodlam project proposals: Best practices on practical tools for publishing linked data
My mentions are dead! T_T
thanks! Anything specific you love? What could we do better? Send to feedback ^MB
im kinda in my feelings about this foolery right now! -____-
You are my favorite Nascar announcer. You do not lie. Most of the Phoenix Cup race was boring - to hard to pass? The end was OK
Could my husband do a guest post on my blog?
... im good. hows things wit u?
Bitch stop chewing ur nouns!!
I would kill a man for sweet potato fries, quesadilla and Firebrick Brown Ale - half price, of course
Drug dealers message me haha a joke $20 please
heading to the living room in the w hotel for a drink. rdv is the sexy club in nyc. want to hear dj moma do his thing at retreat tonight!
:re: pestisides, is a sect. in agricultural mid-America w/much higher percentage cancers being researched at this time.
Nashville Whiskey Jam (Winners in Midtown) 840. Free show +21
Applications and studio visits and Indian food and craziness!
Who would want to be? Birthdays are better celebrated...even for months at a time!
Drinking: Ales and Lagers. Ha! RT : Lifting: Tri's & Abs
I just got home from school at 10 Fuckk what a long dayy-_-
#SuperBowl 2017 in #Indy? Bring it on! Maybe we can work on some light-rail projects in between.
Just a random job. YS library jobs, I think, try to weed out the "yeah! kids are great! anyone can do it!" types?
Thanks for the feature Scott! So glad that you like my site!
Just went back thru LOEX slides. Will be going back repeatedly. So much in there!
Not much happening with the film right now. Should pick up at the end of the summer. The film did sell to a TV network in Israel though!
Sure, drop the biggest pizza in B-Town on the sidewalk & let everyone eat it from there. The secret ingredient is tomaine.
Just read Keith Gessen's "How a Book is Born" about the pub biz and The Art of Baseball. Fascinating.
I like the movie much better when there are people in it. Maybe I'm demanding.
//No, thank you for such a wonderful, heartwarming story and I am not even finished yet!
#DASER Borgia "function is not the enemy of design or beauty...we shouldn't make that argument."
My jeans shrunk. I've a got real Audrey Hepburn/Funny Face thing going on over here.
haha stop by anytime! We'll be happy to have u!
Even though Viciedo hit that....I still don't like Adam Dunn.....
Welcome to Twitter from all of us in Boston!
and all this time I thought you liked Taylor Swift because of her face haha jk
i miss these days
I went the whole day til deniza came around than I broke than I started all over
SPECIAL TIME!!!!
!! RT : Excited to chill w my el kizzle tnight !
All my respect to the homies at sxsw! If you didn't pour out of Seattle, let's get proper pissed tonight
Tweeting at 5 in the morning. Hollaaaaaaaaa! {:{D>
what was that? Did you say something?
Doug davenport new video director
Argh! Trying to track down more info about Rev. S.W. Chase, Baltimore pastor who presented a bible to Abraham Lincoln in 1864. No luck.
My dad just asked me why I was such a retard. Okay dad.
Bitch please I can remove half your face with a baby wipe(;
#whatnottowear shorts that squeeze your thighs , it just makes you look fat.
im not following u
submit your brand for consideration to
We can't wait for Valentine's Day w/ !
so you think you can dance ?
If only it had been Scribble Jam rap battles. We may have bumped into one another.
I love your imagines !<3
. at #eli2012 quoting Christopher Dede: "We treat learning like sleeping" (assuming we all do it the same way)
Someone from back home is visiting this week. I can barely control myself.
I just 'liked' your IMDB page as you requested. Good luck with your career.
I'm thinking maybe Calhoun and all it's craziness
The kid on the oscars preshow is annoying.
I will not use your stupid photo sharing app.
Only 2 days we got 245+ peeps confirmed for !!! is gonna sell out the !!
In a full program on reference, love the idea of niche reference. Having a desk with staff dedicated to job seekers would be great.
who u telling? Dm me
Why do some folks only see Truth through a subjective perspective. It's like throwing away the banana and eating its skin.
hello Sarah! :)
thanks babe
thanks Sarah! :)
We're still having sex after the game right ? ;)
Thanks so much for the RT and the info. We will check it out!
"Got a lot of crooks, try to steal your heart, never really had love, couldn't never figure out how to love" -Lil Wayne, How to love.
Her name is Charlotte :) She sleeps to much haha
i think, and then i think about what i'm thinking...just gets into this crazy russian doll situation
Going into lab :)
I love that I now know this. MT Merle Haggard listens to Bob Wills every morning. Every morning. It's his ritual.
TONIGHT - THE TECHNO BOWL with Special Guest DJ's Zim, Lou Jon-Son, J Bowra, Altered Mentality, Turtlefeet & Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
If those were happy accidents, I'm with Laura -- more please.
Think you can handle tonight ? Prepare yourself & don't say we didn't warn you!
It's a great day for Chick-fil-A!
is happy to now have the complete collection of Promethea. It only took me 7 years or so from the time I first read them.
Lady Gaga has nothing on 11 innovative, young fabric designers in the exhibition "Out of Fashion" opening tonight @ SECCA, 7pm. FREE
UGH mine too! My arms and my neck. Looks so ridiculous.
Today Is Gonna Be A Wonderful Day!
That's just how I roll!
I miss wearing my navy blue jumper.
its twitter, i dont care enough. neither does my phone...
there is some benefit to the MIC. But a lot of that money is spent in ways Americans never benefit.
Also, it's the 1st day of Spring which means FREE Rita's Water Ice! What's your favorite flavor?
John: Can you tell me the good way to remember wife's birthday? Smith: It's very easy, Just forget it once!
Facebook: Scrolling down your newsfeed thinking "Don't care.'' "Whore." "Your life sucks." "Song lyrics." "Inside joke?" "Needs a therapist"
man, I keep trying to like it but google apps is two cents short of aweful. why am I digging into spf records all the sudden? head:bang
yup i agree. Usually it starts with the riff and than I started humming the vocal lines
Thx for the #FF for all appreciated. Let's keep it rolling. Thanks!
Gonna hit the bed early.....the early bird gets the worm. :)
How I Got Over-The Roots. Bella obra musical. Rap al maximo. 100% recomendada.
I'm getting views from around the globe, thanks guys so much
Maybe for you!
If yo baldheaded DO NOT! I repeat DO NOT ATTEMPT TO TIE THAT SHITUP!
Who is up for a late night last minute Flashmob at the galleria?
is alarmed by the moth the size of a bird flying around her room.
Hubert already F**k up this country!
I went from my all girls book club to the #MoVember gala. Jarring. But yay for !!
u guys r crazy
Wow. So we're all talking about the Fiction Pulitzer, right?
FOLLOW NOW! <3
I had 666 followings so I unfollowed somebody and now I'm okay. Maybe I should have followed an extra person but I like to live on the edge.
I would give anything to have you insult me while we were getting it on.
And these screen shots of Dennis Miller, I mean John Tortorella, are getting VERY old.
please call us at 305-237-8888 so we can figure out what the issue is.
totally understand moving home, keep your spirits up and maybe a bunch of us old cheer people can do a lunch/dinner soon! Fun!
Groupon offering deals for football food platters for "Big Games" - Wonder which big game they are talking about...
last time I was here I was kicked out. Right, ?
It really SUCKS in Maine pats are still in and we have to listen to it!
It's fascinating! It really makes me think about what the patterns of dirt on my own books will tell someone some day abt me!
I need to learn how to be more independent and get used to coming home to a sad lonely house.
Fact of the day: Giraffes rarely lay down, they even sleep and give birth standing up!
It was hard to watch for a bit there, but now they've got my attention again. #Spurs bringing the hustle.
did you try lululemon? I have one with a laptop sleeve and it fits just about everything else, too!
Paid with a Square Tab at a coffee shop in Lexington. Got a strange look from the barista. "Where are you from?"
Whats the song at the plate gunna b?
Sounds fun! All our auditions have been in LA. Yawn.
Christmas is officially over, so sad but.... Now it's time for NEW YEARS!  #2012herewecome (:
It's a pre-holiday Friday afternoon but we're still working full steam! The long weekend is almost here, what are your Labor Day plans?
Bjørnshauge (SPARC Europe): It's complicated: 50 countries, >25 languages, different IPR and copyright legislation.
Fever, in bed, feeling my stomach turn strange somersaults as sleepydrugs gradually kick in.
outra town Charlie Brown :)
Looks like the Nook/Kindle battle continues...LoL Anyone sorry they gave up the paper of a real book? I'm worried about that too.
#ThankYou for following me, #GodBlessYou and i #Pray that #God fulfills your heart's desire, which are very pure
i'm as fresh as crest breath.
You have never seen a face like the one my three-legged cat makes when I scratch behind the ear corresponding to her missing back leg.
Don't beez in the trap SU!!! RT: Syracuse students.. Do not take cultural history of rap..sounds great but it's really a trap
You imparted much wisdom ;) “: so great to see y'all today!”
- did you get it?
you just went up in cool points for that
thanks !! it just now is starting to hit Virginia beach it's so scary !!!
this World full of Secrets , ugh .
Come to Flushing. Yummies as far as the eye can see... I don't wander around BECAUSE the food is so good. :D
We all need to be thankful for what we have, and what we are. Some people don't get the chance to be what they want to be.
thanks! Is your site ready to launch?
If Arsenal, Barca, & Timbers win, this could be a perfect day...
Now im have just a wonderful day! Not.... :(
getting my daily dose of
me either<33
You can't stop a bullet.
so good to hear! Glad to hear you're enjoying the brews.
yea! W love and theft and JD Shelbourne, I have tickets! U need one or 2??
you belted it!
then they see that last tweet and realize it was about them. lol idgaf
#iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo for always being the peanut butter to my jelly <3
thx for following me ill follow you back
Well that's dumb, I know I'm a firm believer in having my own. RT : No one believes in having their own shit
HEY JAZZ!!!! HEY STAR HEY LACROSSE!!
My beat bang -E40.
What is a heart worth if it's just left all alone? Leave it long enough and watch it turn into stone. Why must we always be untrue?
Riverwest Fest is now!!!
worried about your followers when you need to get ya dollas up !
Just added to Alex's to-do list: "See Undercover Brother."
Wow I really need to work on my Instagram. I've had it for forever but I never use it.
Check us out tonight! We've got the funkmaster T biddy on bass tonight! Downbeat at 9
Wait, does he live here?! Is he why I moved to Austin? We are already married in my head.
Thank you for the artwork RT!
Life ain't that bad, Look what you have...'Cause somewhere out there Somebody wishes they were you -Adelita's Way, 2011
More Star Wars analogies - Fox on Tebow after NE loss: "That boy is our last hope." Elway: "No, there is another..."
what happened?
Have you asked your self the question?
Good game South Carolina-- not our day--- and I still can't stand Steve Spurrier!!
aw that sucks
I swear girls are genetically programmed to love a man that can play guitar and sing...
an apology to my officemates for my eating of this homeade kimchi in the open. Stinks so good.
Obviously Tozer and Lewis are my favorites.
Only if it wasn't so far :(
What happens at tomorrow's concert is my last hurrah, my leap of faith, my #yolo moment.
I need one more follow until I'm at 600.. ? :)
You're welcome! Looking forward to the next conference!
Lord bless the little car cuz I hydroplaned all the way to work and made it to work in one piece
Its about the learning experience. If you can be structured and make time to study by yourself, that works too.
Tonight Denver Sports Nation w/ & on 93.7 5-8pm w/guests , &
what about it..???
Our latest project hosted by Snoop Dogg's Famous Uncle Junebugg is coming together very well..
What up New York.
i gets a gas mask :)
1000 / 1000 for Prototype 2, just in time to bring on Max Payne 3.
Now that he was the last voice I heard tonight I'm off to sleep. Hopefully he pays his bill tomorrow I miss him dearly! ♡
As a fellow spectacle wearer, you must be crazy if you think I'm letting go of my man Gregg.
#KIPP schools can use LiveSchool to manage their paycheck system entirely through an iPad!
Discussing with at Any other users want to weigh in?
So very happy for you!!
It's like a forest fire, right? Everything's new again.
While I was in Alabama I couldnt help but think about .
Not at all. It is only wrong if you say, "don't you know who I am?" when fake limping.
Justin Bieber is in the ring? Seriously? Dear lord.
Check out these photos! goo.gl/7YaRX
at least I know it's not just me now. :3
Good luck with your talk at today !
Can hardly keep my eyes open
Bay always hits us
Sex and The City! (:
Got an email from fancorps titled: 'ALLSTAR WEEKEND MUST WIN'...oh gosh Haha.
Hi there twitter fans! Thank u all for the follow! Really appreciate it!
: keep your pants on!! Thanks for all your help on Saturday!! XOXo
hahayourealizethatyouhavetobuythebodytypeworkouts also in the app which is a rip off compared to just buying the DVDs alone
sitting on Skype and doing hw all day in aussie land
Music video coming soon
Heh, you just gave me an idea and now I'm following her Twitter. :-) I'm willing to bet it will be interesting.
I'll read it tomorrow. Gonna see it tonight. Don't wanna spoil it
eXACTLY omg he's so perfect dhfkdhbdhxisv
Just making sure you get another TX voice. g8 to oppose #SOPA. Do you also oppose PIPA S. 968? I hope yes.
thanks for riding enjoy Baltimore Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Girls fall in love with what they hear. Boys fall in love with what they see. That's why girls wear makeup and boys lie.
Eating a coffee cream. Someone has to taste test these things for you guys.
hosc-templates-layouts/
2:13am ... Ready to roll again after a short nap. Heading to Racine to catch up with the rest of the team in Racine.
great having you as our guest Wednesday! Hope to see you back this week.
@ leighrutledge1 testing this out
will you mary me ?
S/O to my new sexy follower she cool so go follow her :u ain't doin nun eles
isn't my Twitter handle a BIG clue? Hehehe. Plans are to be there actually!
Hey, : your website counter is off by a week, right? If not, I need to increase my mileage!
You are on top of it! You are an inspiration for me -- I need to start my shopping! :-)
starting to do more of the living lean diet wanting to loose 60 pounds ASAP I think with your guidance I can get there.
Haha, not good at all. Going to try and make it. We'll see. You?
#schoolmemories Acting like a complete idiot at lunch, cracking up with my friends. :') We still do that.. haha
Y'all go LIV I'll be in the studio on Sundays!!
job at Walmart I need a second one
#Jazz in #Denver for LUNCH today: Ralph Sharon Trio 11:30-1:30 pm with Ron Moewes and Dean Ross.
1 win away from the SWEEP!!!
Watchn Death at a funeral HCOSoCalifornia
Tonight's gonna be a good night! :)
I'm pro ordering it. Need one more yes vote from either or and done deal
Strange and creepy day for me e.e
u should get on fb lol
Thanks, Mikey!
Turning blah into beautiful today. #determined #amwriting done!
thank you javascript closures for fixing my problems. you are nice.
If you are on any topical/oral meds or antibiotics for acne/skin aging (ex. Retinol) be sure to let ur waxer know!!! Contraindications!!!
Ha! True that!
really? Never gt it on this phone
Absolutely Adore Frank Sinatra <3
#BecauseOfNicki Everyone pretends to be unoriginal wanna be barbies
GANG GREEN BABY!!!!
Why do these #TerraNova dinos swing their tails that barely cut nut-fruit instead of biting people's faces off w/ their much sharper teeth?
Not Friday, and preferably Saturday, or Sunday night. I work Sunday night.
That video rant was sweet! You Da man
“: so happy that they didnt even card for a pack this morning”atta boy dunchao!!!
bloody hay fever :(
yup. helped w a tweet a thon fundraiser for share our strength when I worked there. Big fan.
I want to!
i did is it still sending shit ?
: I'll solicit the group tonight via listserv & either throw up a wiki page or email them you. ok?
Beautiful ladies that are in shape and fun to be around are like sunshine...they just brighten up my day.
oh :c
oh for feck's sake daveed, let's not do this.
My legs feel like complete jello. Lots and lots of walking so far this week, and I'm loving it!!
Where are the leaders of the design industry hiding, anyways?
Oh hi trav remember your little guy friends from UW....love you friend!!
When you are new to the profession or new to management, you can be critical unnecessarily.
But about fifteen years ago! That daughter is now in college....
i love u on youtube
There's nothing better than screen printing on a nice warm day. www.inkscreens.com
🌺sweet pea
Classic and awesome album! Always...
YouTube is rolling out its live streaming product slowly, had recent success with key partners
As for me, I will glory in the cross!
That is so sweet!!
Just read an awe inspiring story about #mikewilliams former #usc #football great. Wishing him much success wit #seattle and story book end.
Been packing up for like 15 minutes and im already tired -__-
And for some reason he will be touring with Drake and J.Cole this summer... RT : "Waka killed this song"
Thank you for the mention. Have a great weekend!
Sigh I can smell cinnamon and cookie dough coming from the kitchen
God does not bless you with what he has intended for someone else
Damn i had a good ass workout
Haven't slept in my own bed in like 8 days. We've got some catching up to do.
Ouch. RT : Bucs sign Tiquan Underwood which means Underwood won't have to worry again about being cut before Super Bowl.
Another hard week of bottling by hand. Labels are being sent on Wednesday. We're supremely excited for the launch to arrive!
How about Hope's dopes?
And down goes last year's champ! C-A-P-S! #CAPS #CAPS #CAPS #CapsPlayoffs congrats boys, onto the next one!
Congrats RT : The Cougars claimed the 4th seed and will play Aldine Macarthur next week.
Congrats to for their Gold Bell Award!
precious Harvard. [-]
I didn't know and never said they were. Are none corporations? How do you know?
Three years ago today, we sold the very first full TweetReach report! Thank you to all our customers, friends and supporters!
Interactive Fiction meme seems to be crossing my path alot this week
Why are some moron UK fans tweeting bad stuff 2a kid just bcuz he chose another school?! Get a life! Or join the UofL fan base please.
NBP gives UW-Madison autonomy and flexibility needed to compete as leaders in the state, nation and world! On Wisconsin!!!
Anisimov to Krieder to the back of the net!
Goal is definitely coming for #SKC. Come on, boys!
Hope you're all enjoying spring break! Hillel feels empty, but we'll see you at 6pm next Friday for Chinese Take Out Shabbat!
Happy Thursday!
Those who start with too little money are more likely to succeed than those who start with too much. ~ Brian Tracy
Francis Gurry, #WIPO #GlobalINET Intellectual Property about balancing needs of all. Net radically increases # of creators
Do you know how to grow a "true" fan base? And I'm not talking bout your Momma.
“: Cure your cinco de mayo hang over with bottomless brunch! $26.95 AYCD with an entree!”
Will that open the door for Rennie Curran at LB?
#Imagine You:OMFG YOUR AUSTIN MAHONE!!! Austin:... You:... Austin: how did you get in my house?! you:... Austin: and why are you in my bed?!
Fame is so annoying because people are so critical of you. You can't just say, 'hi'.
": "Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year." - Ralph Waldo Emerson"
What the hell is going on
well we really don't know what exactly happened, we just know that we're dating now :p
Lancaster... Reminds me of Sacramento hot summers. Shout out to my NorCal folks.
and that I believe there will be..
Pedro Martinez will start against Chicago Cubs
What's the latest you can reg for main event?
Oh, hell yeah it is!
If you have a bad website then you have a bad identity. Don’t let that happen to you!
RT ": We want to see your #BEATLA posters! Send us one & we may send you to Game 6 tomorrow night!”
I designed some web ads for Cosmopolitan, Marie Claire + Good Housekeeping this week. They got approved. =)
Hurts cause its true
aka "Dirty Sully"
i want the day to come already lol
my box was just sad! every month i indicated i didn't like parfum samples & STILL got one this month!
is on his way to the Emory
RT Tip for successful weightloss: remember this: Progress not Perfection :)
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. Sun-tzu
#westhillsdwtn got the privilege of helping Garden City church do baptisms today. Praise God.
with the occasional overlap, which I take advantage of to give Daly shit for getting the sugar-bomb pumpkin spice latte.
I ate at Bojangles too.
I always got those baseball mit ones. If the gum ball said home run, you got a free one from the truck
ortiz threw a pussy headbut and refsaid fight his fault for having hands down ITS A FIGHT
WTF apparently I owe Trine $105 because they feel the need to repaint my room. There was only 2 tiny marks on the wall!
Not well liked in Ohio lately
If you would like to request autographs or send fan letters to please mail to Po Box 2227 Cleveland,ga 30528
Snappin out of it starting....now.
Watching cartons
Gorgeous day at Arnold Arboretum, one of Boston's most stunning parks!
RANDOM THOUGHT: Go #Hawks!!! Yes I HATE the #Keltics. :-)
no problem! How are you today miss Mandy?
WWWYKI! MT Lots of good basketball on tonight, including Magic/Bulls. I've caught the bug as is tradition, in early march
Today in 2000 the #Yankees beat the #Mets in the Subway Series in 5 games.
SO F-in JEALOUS that people get to see The Raconteurs live and I don't.
Have to agree with beautiful songbirdy #sunsetsessions rules
Should we go to #Hideout or #Luna tonight?
we r walking...honk if u see flowery umbrellas
Robert LoEvery charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
They have swing seats at Mojito's :)
Today's expected high of 81 in Oakland means two things: (1) silky white shirt weather and (2) parasol on the commute to work
I would be fine if okc took it all. I feel like its well deserved.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN? text me. :(
waz up thanks for the follow ...
Get the SAME 50% off deals with a lot LESS out of pocket. Try Yubit.com
even the fucking horse in WarHorse pulls a "Spielberg face"
No one dies a virgin because life always fucks us in the end
Check out my Breeders' Cup picks at www.thechiefsports.com. Good luck and enjoy the races.
I'm hoping to find ______________ at the Flea! (Fill in the blank)
Why am I listening to La Roux? O.o
just got up from a much needed nap
Try and expect nothing, but be open for anything. Don't look for happiness, but don't settle for anything less.
Fuck you right back
Ace my mid term, now time for my math test
I hate when people get pissed when you ask what's wrong.. Then get also pissed cause you didnt ask & assume you dont care.
english paper
Hawks r getting robbed,foul before the ball was inbound.
#askObama What is the government doing to cede innovation to start small business.
Amen! RT Dear boys in bars, RT Buying me a drink does not mean you have me for the night.
Nothing could be more delightful
Just emailed your video to my boss for a cover artists thing. No idea if anything will happen, just saying.
Forever! Lol you're awesome!
Gaga Lights Up Our Lives
So there is a odd future movie on youtube I gotta see this
Just learning how to make helicopters today...no big deal
I have concerts all day for Paint The Town Red soo noo school for me :)
I feel honored. I'm Motobike'n around the state of Arizona. When I find a good stopping point, I'll send you a line
This Friday we'll be at supporting
Gotta love twitter. Even filling out paperwork seems awesome.
i feel you bro. real shit. good luck lol
I am no ordinary woman. My dreams come true. I will take what is mine. With fire and blood, I will take it!
“: I got 2 middle fingers and an attitude lol” I like that SO much. LOL
I spent 4 years living in Rhode Island, which is technically a state, but like a training wheels state.
I'm so pumped to watch you
Yep, looks real interesting. Thanks.
i keep on keeping on... its alright thus far im strangely happy all the time sumthn must b wrong with me lol how are you?
I was about to complain about what a wuss Sonny Malone is in #Xanadu. But then I reminded myself I was watching
Great photo! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
i guessed on all of them.
Are you going to #CODiE12 #SIIA in San Francisco? Have lunch plans 5/7?
Will Smith turned down the role of Neo in the Matrix. So did Ewan McGregor.
Sad to hear about the passing of Gatewood Galbraith. He was a one of a kind soul who was all about the betterment of Kentucky. RIP
Sunny day at Ratio!
Family special (@ johnny's)
Hi Jason! I like your intro. video on the S. Kitchen site :) - Jess
“: Love is patient and kind and quiet.. Respect” so true!
My sis will love u for following her so plzzzz follow plzzzz it means so much to her
#BroadbandBreakfast there are many ways to access #broadband platforms that aren't traditional wireline or wireless tools, says Tom Kamber
I love his new song #boyfriend is so addicting!!! I can't stop playing it
Just got a text from , all the way from Guinea!!!
Cup of coffee and watching the Macy's Day Parade before the family festivities begin
09 Tablas Creek Roussanne. Lemon, caramel nose. Big oak & alcohol on palate plus more lemon, honey. Tart finish. 87 pts
this unreal!
OMG!!(: I hope to see you there!! Im soo excited!(:
My sweet daughter brought me Chinese food to cheer me up about the poor pup next door.
almost forgot baby left in car and not buckled during a DWI stop.
Thanks : ) Happy Friday!
Thank-you Scarlett, for your continual and unending support!
Just killed a spider without screaming.
you have to make sweet love to Indeed, Simply Hired, Monster, and Career Builder
How about non leather flat riding boots?
Yea I'm jealous of something I could probably walk faster than 😉haha
YAY! Free Smut!!!
Extra credit (;
Just went past a drivers ed vehicle. Is it really appropiate to teach kids in a mustang? The decals looked dumb on it tho.
