Stir It Up
Parties in #DiMasi trial spent last 45 minutes arguing about definition of "causation" and whether prosecutors switched charging rationale.
*its in my car*!! Lmao
Maybe redemption has stories to tell. Maybe forgiveness is right where you fell.
News about new things from Animal Collective AND Arrested Development [the show]; busy night for altnerd entertainment
I will if you come here! Lol
Meeting at noon then home to re-pack the Character Building Shows
Lucky! Love Galaxy Hut! MT : Holy crap a seat @ the bar @ Galaxy Hut after 7 pm! Time 4 beer and a couple of bacon cheddar dogs!
no but I can drive a go kart!! (:
On our way to the !
Happy New Year! Be safe everyone
Save WA State's film industry. Contact Ross Hunter & ask him to put SB5539 up for vote. .gov (360) 786-7936 Please RT.
Dont trust shit -- even the Devil was an angel...
yes 7 it is
Burning Rangers?
So many celebrities this morning in NYC. Just ran into papa smurf and buzz light year
'One Revolution' & 'I Just Love To Paddle' show at 10AM #OldeTownStadium!
LMAO those emoticons you chose are real different...
much more attractive than an actual bulletin board. (That's right. Hiding there behind my office door.)
The cute chick from dunkin donuts this morning gave me an idea for a song title..."Beautiful Moron"....which most cute chicks are anyway
There's something about waking up to Miss Deschanel's voice! Awesome Christmas record.
o ok cool!! I love what you did...Real talk I love when people go in like that on my beats...#salute baby I support you 100%
About to watch betty whites off their rockers I need a good laugh after this day
You think your life's hard? Try being a Directioner, we have to explain to people that the boys are gay but not gay but still gay but not.
Thanks for your RT!
I once was obedient & in control, but now, because of my redemption through Jesus, I am surrendered and live to serve Him.
yes! Excited and stressed at the same time. Still working out last minute details.
If you can't say anything nice today, log off twitter and read a book.
A big thanks to the wonderful for sending us Tiff's Treats during this hectic week!
My fat fat ain't gone ever like goin to d doc n e more now again nxt tue for him n fri for me ugh
Brownie points for you ;) winky face RT : This is going to be my most hated final 4! We need a Butler
I GOT A TWEET LIMIT SO IM HERE
The leadership instinct you are born with is the backbone. You develop the funny bone and the wishbone that go with it. ~ Elaine Agather
- Good one, I would change that last part to "faith determines how much of it we achieve.
This picture is funny for Facebook use.
I wish Pusha T had nothing to do with GOOD Music because he sucks. 😪
tim tebow to BUFFALO BILLS, anyone agree?
Shit you're right. I guess I'm his wussy cousin who has to use actual medicine.
The cat is a dilettante in fur. Theophile Gautier
I knew it was going to be him, because his movie career kicked off during the first season
I said happy b day to sum girl I don't. Know lol
haha my shoes were soaked
Can I just be pretty, please?
Congrats to the coaching staff at NMSU Aggies for winning the WAC and Coach Ross Hodge at Southern Miss for making it to the "Big Dance."
I bought it way earlier today<33 I already have it memorized(; #ItsAMahomieThing #GotItOnReplay #11:11
would rather someone use it.
Im scared of losing this page because of a hacker .... /: -Ritchelle<3
sign me up!
I already have a few good questions! How would 3pm work out for you? btw, my number is 914-844-9556 and on skype: Mary Coopman
Look for a lot of exciting news coming out in May concerning
Need a last-minute gift idea for #MothersDay? Treat her car to a makeover! If you need help or want to treat your mom’s car to a tune-up,...
send my partner an email at and let him know what it is you are looking for!
That is disgraceful Carroll. Grow a pair #LFC v
Footie and Social; jealous I can't be there! RT announces exclusive #4sq deal for
Cinco de Mayo and Derby Day together! Sounds like a recipe for excitement!
Nice you riding with me? Maybe there's a Laurissa down there.
welcome to America :-)
YAYYYYYYY! Let's have a party now.
I therefore rank their website among the most useless. Not to mention ignorant.
I dont like your face
Is Zimmerman running scared? When did he call Hannity? This is going to end badly. It has gone on too long.
It was so good to chill with and Papa Atlanta tonight! We had a blast. Thanks for hosting us for dinner.
White halo around the moon.. praying for snow
I pray not because I need something, but because I’m ought to thank God about something
Which team won?
Why you wastin' weed?!!
I do know a LOT of people. But apparently I'm running out of friends.
Like what you guys are doing. Sounds like we'll meet soon to discuss collaborating.
Canvas the new &#39;safe-haven&#39; for Hong Kong investors
Every Saturday/Sunday comes to #1525NewtonStNW #DC to prepare a delicious lunch for our #homeless community members at noon!
That 'walk of shame' moment when you have to put something back in a store after your mom says no.
I sometimes try 2 take a break but i just go back 2 it. Im going to try a break with no Kpop stuff but idk how long ill last
this is true hahahah
Tangent: "Canada's Soutwest Airlines" is actually more the level of US' Jet Blue. Southwest would be the baggage car on Via.
Two dudes holding another dude down to listen to ke$ha
oh yikes. I'm sorry.
Love getting emails about NYC!!!
Robert Sklar was a real Mensch. I will miss him.
Thanks again to the early adopters! Found a couple quirks and working on getting video and music uploads to w ork. It's coming soon...
I know right? Lame sauce
Heyy girll how are you?!?(: haven't talked to you in like a million years!
At AFI waiting for my wife to finish an audition and listening to the #JohnAugustCraigMason podcast.
thanks for playing! Stay tuned for more #Tampa Yankees Trivia!
I swear law and order is like ten decibels louder than every other show
Spoon concert on Austin City Limits is as disorganized and confusing as one would expect.
Had a tough week? Indulge in one of our Vanilla shakes!
Not yet, but we're looking for NC's finest designers to source our products, let us know if you want to know more of ASTB.
I don't want a Black History Month. Black history is American history. ~Morgan Freeman
Good to see you on here #drag. #Listening to Opposite of H2O
Lovin the Oriole uniforms. Gotta get me one of those
Terrible day. But take solace that all the growing, urban counties voted against Amendment One. Equality will win long-term
"If your plan A doesn’t work, don’t sweat it. The alphabet has 25 more letters." Happy Monday everyone!
Thanks Dustin! We'll keep in touch. :) We'll miss you! Good luck at FH and don't forget how to get to Tyson's.
I love thunder, I love everything about storms!
Welcome to BBN! Your followers more than doubled overnight! BBN Fam showing you some love!!
yes i been there before
Happy Birthday! Love ya!
Dammit. You're, even.
Didifbrkwowhdk. I already want to go home.
buy one get one half price, but at olympia
Outsourced got REALLY weird near the end. It was hit or miss. FYI the movie sucks
6 DAYS TILL NYC! Doesn't even feel real.
On a totally unrelated note, I'm saving up for a sew-in. It's a long story, but the short is I need a short bob fix and a #naturalhair break
Eating out with the cousins and Maelyn! Buffbuffbuffet.
All I want for my bday is a lot of itunes gift cards.
DO IT!
Will you email me what you got? I'm really just looking for something to throw some sick scratches down on the 1's and 2's.
Yeah. I don't wanna see the heat win a damn thing. Eff Lebron!!!
Today was a good day though.
Don't Stop Believin!
to the sweetest start up person I know: gr8 seeing you at #sxsw - thx for everything! - c u in SFO soon I am sure...!
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books
can I get a birthday reply/retweet from #theGreatestHeel in history? Your Hart feuds were pure royalty!
#BestTextMessage : I started my period! Lmfao
doesn't matter they got a bumb From BC...please did you see all the quality that was picked after him hazardous..lol
Yankees lost, BUT the Rangers went up 2-1 in their playoff series with a win tonight!
Here here! RT fantastic, progressive conversation at
#Oomf is talking to the ugliest dude ever ! She's no longer dateable
PREACH ": Ladies, if a girl ever steals your man, there's no better revenge than letting her keep him. REAL MEN can't be stolen
Thanks Cindy!
you obviously haven't seen all our ads. keep looking!
1605- King James I granted charters to the #Virginia Company to found colonies in the New World. Jamestown & Plymouth are the result.
#20thingsaboutme 3. I have green eyes but some people say there's blue specks in them.
okay good! I have something funny to tell you about that class so don't let me forget!
thanks for your encouragement.
Like can I help you all....why must people stare damn
imma ask my parents for a 1D autographed poster xD
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. Albert Einstein
I misplace stuff all of the time but I'm sure I had no reason to take my beeper out of my car.
Twitter is probably the only place where I feel truly accepted :)
oh sweet pair of pop tarts, how i longed to wake up and swallow you whole.
now THAT'S funny...
Farewell Randy. “: Saying so long to a newsroom icon: after 32 years at CNN, wires editor retires today.
SwiftKey is a replacement keyboard. The stock Fire keyboard is horrendous. I'm glad you're enjoying your Kindle!
miss you too! Hang in chicago?
If things we imagined actually happened and real life situations were artificial!
Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit. ee cummings
if you're calling someone's HOUSE phone, and they answer. you can only assume they ARE home. don't ask if they are. LOL
On a side note, it's 2012, unless you've been slash-dotted, you have no excuse for your "website" to go down from traffic.
Gorgeous Glad you are having a good time.
Dissertations into books (I'm an editor). The dissertations have the feel of collected articles.
whats good do
I can't believe we just got an Auburn shout out from at our Pure Barre class! What a work out..
Need to furnish rental property or new home? Ask about our new buying group and buy your furniture at dealer cost! Literally save thousands!
What's happening Big Tyme...LOL!!!
museum as discussion forum-- museums ask questions of the public, not simply answer them ...from tours to labels to lectures
Look upon my to-do list, ye mighty, and despair!
From now on, I'm removing all the negative people in my life, so I can be drama free 👌
The funniest thing you can do when someone tries to brag is just be happy for them, not jealous. Don't give them what the reaction they want
agreed. Did you read the book?
And they are glorious RT : But Kentucky is losing 0% of their White Boy Academy members,
Always happy to support great content!
your occupation is SO EXCITING. omg. kind of dumbstruck that there are still people who go treasure ship diving :D
Barnett says it will free up enough $$ to pay for 300 teachers
Guardian Alien!!!!! serious Dicks Picks o!!!!!!
aside from mild goofiness, everything every character does is boring, and killer was a nonentity throughout
dem wtf moments ...
U ok beautiful x
re: the last tweet. It's like saying "are you sure?" 5 times after every question. wondering how the repetitive questions effect responses
I hate those questions...
Avengers blew every other super hero movie out of the water!!!
I just noticed there wasn't an Austream today ..
Yeah, me too - haha!
Depressed? Wry humor to highlight absurd in tragic can be misinterpreted by many Americans, as well. Cultural difference perhaps?
“: My 3 millionth follower get's 20k,my 2 millionth won 10k...... Now I will start activating multiple accounts!
good 2 follow u. would love to talk w/ u about ecommerce system you refer your clients to!
I'm unholy anytime I disrespect others but..... "Make EVERY effort to live in peace with all men & BE HOLY" Heb.12:14a
Saw a job posting today for a video editor... a linear video editor... yeah I know!
The new #ClubRockin Music Video will premiere at T-REP's #RidinCleanSuper16 BirthdayBash on June 9th!Get your tickets now! Space is limited!
Hi Melinda...I need to talk to you about an awesome opportunity for Packers fans for your blog. Let's connect.
Stupid people in America?
Were you near that heavy rainstorm area
i forgot to tell u that i dj now
Great Workshop tonight at Coach Mike's! Thank you
Book signing today, 4 pm, at the Barnes & Noble, Oak Brook, IL, 297 Oakbrook Center.
Also tell and they will be disappointed...Check out Cape Surf for the real local vibe!!!
"you should really be a model. Not for playboy, but for seventeen magazine!" - random lady that wanted to talk to me at church
Am i the only one who isn't watching Britain's got talent?:/.
Curious to why I can't have "ckj" as my username :(
Well, let's look at it this way: I haven't the slightest idea.
That's our South Beach Cafe...great choice! Have u visited the other locations? All w/in a mile of each other, all a little diff
“Bamboo is NOT a tree. #Bamboo in fact is a member of the grass family…”
Can you believe it is already the middle of November? 2010 has been a whirlwind so far. We hope everyone's year is going well. :)
I'm sure it isn't our business ...
Listening to "The Good Life" by Weezer.
He is so hot.
Watching the Alternate Universe screening, looks like a packed house.
Are y'all ready for another #giveaway yet? We've got a Mother's Day promo in the works! Stay tuned!
Even if we fight,I know I can tell her everything and she won't be mad
Me too. I was curious before, but now I definitely have to read it.
Why does 99% dust-free cat litter create a mushroom cloud of dust? Seriously, some of us have lungs.
Who should today's guest shot be?
I use to cuss dat ass out every other day and get back together that night I'm looking thur the messages n shit right now lol
Shoshana bean afterparty jam at 1030 tonight, open fist in hollywood. $5 at the door after DEAR JOHN MAYER ends. Come party with us!
We're going to Momocho for dinner too! It's never too early to get excited about guac!
you are legit!! ;)
still weird
just did..
Hey, just wanted to say that your essay is powerful and thought-provoking. Thanks for it.
This could BE part of the evolution though. Time will tell. One thing is certain; my crossword puzzle must be on paper
Those Irish dancing wigs are something!
workin wit tonight
The real art here is trying not to hit all the onlookers watching the
#FF !! Our band member that doesn't play an instrument! The damage control guy!
you'r inspiring. <3
Heading home. Venue loved us. I just need to sleep.
"I tweet about shit nobody gives a fuck about!" should be your twitter Bio.
what church?
Gnomeo & Juliet in 3D. Nowhere near as good as Limitless but better than Battle LA!
We had SO much fun together. We hung out all night. He is a blast!
For some the 2008 crisis was a human disaster, for others it was the buying opportunity of a lifetime. The latter would like another please.
DNA reuse? RT "If DNA is indeed a text, a keyboard, a musical score .. the score c/b rewritten to play new types of music"
mine is either Heather getting ran over in Episode 4 lolz or when Cassie was laying in bed... uh... naked in the Curse episode lmao
ok back off he's mine
Noticing him is easy, admitting that u notice him is hard
Awww look at da baby! :-) that's cute! You were a happy baby.
"Our all-you-can-eat lunch buffet includes: salad bar, soups, #Italian & American cuisine, and of course desserts! "
three word resume.
When we were together, you always said you'd die for me. Now that we've broke up, I think it's time you kept your promise!
welcome back!
RT : Without Fernando Torres' goals this season, Chelsea would still be in the exact same position in the league.
How's it going? I'm way off (husband is away, overwhelmed with grading) but I've written my plan for tomorrow. Will happen!
It will happen... eventually!
Hey there! Thanks so much for following! :)
done. black?
Hell Yeah. Imma go to Miami for graduation
Bring your camera/iPhone to our gig tomorrow at Commercial Taphouse---multimedia madness shall ensue!
Thanks for the follow P. Wayne!
Love the challenge of #socialmadness. Great idea plus your favorite #charity could benefit with $7500 donation.
Expunging rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
If I appeared in Playboy like Lindsay Lohan, I bet I wouldn't break records. Readers would throw up instead.
"what does 11:11 stand for?" "Umm the time?!" THIS KID
Window training yall
Jimmy rocked it last night
Thanks for helping us get the word out about the move! It feels good to be brewing Illy espresso downtown again!
Not spending on clothes for a month is a great goal! Investing in one's future is the new black!
WOO YOU GO BOY IT WAS EWW BUT AMAZING
Yesterday I set my Wifi's name to "Hack this if you can". When I checked it today, it was called "Challenge accepted."
#Casting is never easy. People don't realize that it's not a popularity contest, it's our ass if the wrong #actor gets casted.
distance means so little when someone means so much.
do you play favorites when it comes to your "Still want it?" feature? Got my eye on a dress...
Crystal ball moment at #NEworks- businesses will takeover #education soon esp if nothing changes. Other quotes & takeaways?
Thus proving the Jets brass is run my a 4th grade class
mine is horrible cuz i had to wake up and get a pic taken... and it was before my bangs grew out too :s
Hey twitterville! Whats going down today? I cant wait till tomarrow going to a #mirandalambert concert its gonna be so much fun!
#GINANDTONIC ALL NIGHT
how about some focus on issues instead of accusations?
The EP is almost finished and I just came up with the idea today. I already have tracks for it maybe two more, promo and it'll be released
I think it's alarming how many of the 1985 season of Hee Haw are no longer with us anymore. Where's the outrage there, Goodell?!?
I can't care Bout someone who dnt care about me smh
Hi Wes!
You're the exception of course.
kinda bummed right now.
s/o too da hommie all da followers go follow asaper!!! aye bruh hit me up dis weekend
Spoke with a woman at the studio, teaches 20 homeschoolers & clueless about the hazards of art materials. No protection of the kids! What!?
You live and learn. At any rate, you live. Douglas Adams (1952 - 2001)
This day flew by Joe
The Vikings have reached an agreement with Leslie Frazier making him the 8th coach in team history
To point out the caller posed silly questions is fine. But to make fun of the eastern KY accent is not. You sounded like a UL fan
Morning everybody!
Thank you for following us we hope you can see all that we do for the youth and families of D.C.
cool i was just fuckin with you tho you dont come bak to bama nun]
I was a huge Animaniacs fan when they were on TV. Look for Pinky & The Brain too. NARF!
''True experts think of themselves as students.Those who call themselves experts still have a lot to learn."
“: Mitt #Romney wants to treat corporations like people, gay people like trash and dogs like luggage. GREAT PLATFORM!”
I have a big welt on my leg!
in Seattle for biz or pls?
RT "She must be from Egypt.... Because she's the queen of de_Nile." #ilovemydaddy // This is fantastic!! ...Ohh, Pops!
We just put up a couple of ticket giveaways on Facebook for our only show left this month: The Devil Wears Prada & We Came As Romans June 21
Pain and joy are arteries of the same heart & mourning & dancing are but one long movement in the symphony of God.
I'm tempted to troll for personal gratification, but I can't bring myself to do it. This is too true (and dire)
Look like California. Feel like Minnesota.
whatever go to sleep (:
Who's ready to watch on #kickinit tonight ? :) disneyXD baby!
you don't know him like i do
#Becareful What You Wish For
#TVSTATIONS need to #factcheck campaign ads before airing them. They also have a responsibility to stop the fraud in candidates.
I love how i want thick hair.. but when my hair IS thick (like now) i wish i could tame it
dying to see someone yank #Ryan Malone down on the ice by his mustache tomorrow. make this happen!
Transitioning from part-time freelancing to full-time is an overtime job!
YA MAMA
YOU SPEAK THE TRUTH!
luckky..what dress are you wearing?
Sounded like Tiger KNOWS that he must change his behavior.
it is wonderful...
Brian Wilson may be out for the season. His beard is having Tommy John surgery.
WooHoo! Drinking at the club already.
Suspicions upheld. #Bridesmaids is unwatchable, but was well reviewed because women needed to get in to the somewhat average comedy film mix
Time to go to the dentist to clean my teeth
That awkward moment when your ignoring a call and you accidentally answer it.
At the writer's guild enjoying the OBS event. Ready to make today great.
RT : in this year's election!! Thanks!
I might scratch my eyes out before the end of this shift.
are you starting fights on twitter? Lol
love u
yep, I used to eat them like crazy too. Now people look at me like I'm crazy when I tell them I can't eat them. It sucks.
Good Morning Pittsburgh! It is a #GreatDayForHockey! Oh, almost forgot... The Flyers are a bunch of doody heads!
i'd die for you. the world still moves on.
We are unsure about crocs. If you'd like, take crocs with you but wear sneakers. Then just change if crocs are allowed.
Can we go back? 😒
I feel bad for who ever has to work this week end cause shit is going to get real Lets Go Giants !!
Reading up on classifiers using the impressive and wonderful
Oh they're ruining it... well, setting it up for more of the same in season 2
How was your day?
Hope you guys liked them! :)
You know that day when you look like poop.. Yeah that's today >.< I regret sleeping so late last night :b
#stopthebeavers is so stupid
Anyday with family is great. :) What is all the hype about "Fat Tuesday"?
I know
Wht th show did to me was disappoint and disgust. I believD #frankbruni and made a point to watch. What A Bringdown!
I'm so glad, I was getting pretty scared! Haha!
yes, like the now-defunct piecycle, except more Vespa, less bicycle. Also, not just in the UDistrict!
DC: White House wants Gray to keep Rhee? Fuck that! If the White House wants Rhee, appoint her to run the US Dept of Ed. We'll be fine.
One of the few days a year a #Cardinals fan can justify cheering for the #Brewers Go Crew!
you should be a Eskimo! Then you'll be warm definitley =))
Your Smile
Can't take much more of Nellie on #theOffice. It's getting hard to watch. If she's back next season I won't be.
I took 1/3 of the month of April off and still didn't really find balance. I'm a little more rested tho.
we asked him last week after i asked you first but you said you were going with kelsey! :c not my fault </33
You heard wat the man said add em right now #SBMG Rt": Follow he sbmg"
Wrote on one of those whiteboards...not very exciting I know
calling Planned Parenthood a health clinic is akin to calling Auschwitz a hospital.
Weekend Fun Fact: The Eiffel Tower was opened to the public 123 years ago today! --CS
Those plans that sound great and you come up with all these plans and then one thing... ONE THING makes it all backfire
I don't know how much I agree with the Room-to-Read Groupon Deal... something doesn't sit right with "selling" education.
Whos ready for this crazy weekend of sports? Check out our new NHL section!
The man has no face.lol
Our collection of 45s expanded by 500% just in time to celebrate 's Singles Going Steady Week.
oops i thought you were talking basketball, sorry..:-(
RT : Even a good player will someday be a toy of a better player. It's called karma. Be careful of what & who you do wrong ;)
rondo needs to have a big game. and avery bradley is going to have to step it up tonight too with ray ray out.
yeah can't wait
had really cool tropic thunder black crew cap & a dog ripped the bill off wouldn't have any laying around u would wanna part w/?
I've been seeing all these awesome fortune cookie posts lately... I think it's a sign.
congrats girl!!!
Head pounding && back sore= the troubles of your two year old sleeping with you.. #sore & sleepy
ain't shit to eat in this house
Ah I cannot wait to see since LA swallowed her for days.
BLAKE ALMOST DIED ON ME!! I was gonna cry my eyes out!
I'm very sorry to hear the fitness center was too warm today. I've made your concerns know to the Toby Wells YMCA's staff.
Is your furnace ready for winter? Lubricate the blower motor, check the belt, vacuum system, inspect pilot for blue flame, replace filters.
Great question Vic! A quick calculation would be the number of years you plan on being retired times the $/year you will need.
nothing better than seeing college friends
Listen to channel at tonight at ! Wouldn't it be great if stopped by...
Jeffery gonna be a red zone Beast
LESS TWEETS. MORE BEATS.
Heading off to middle school orientation this morning. HOW DID THIS HAPPEN
i've clipped my nails at a bus stop but even i know to draw the line at that
I have to have a jersey. #IAINTLYIN!!!!!!!!
my sister knew a girl in school with that exact name.
... starting to... ull see whn u get outside lol
Merry Christmas Everyone <3
Can't wait ! RT : Congrats for making to the today show! Can't wait to watch!
When is this Oliveros packet due?
can't wait until Listen Up! is released, I hope it charts. :)
If giving the baby a lollipop, so I can go outside to smoke, is wrong... then I don't wanna be right
hhmm, i'm not a big fan of the 1D shirts. i just like wearing normal cute outfits to concerts!
Guided Tour -Sat Jan14, 2:30pm- The Southside Master Gardeners conduct tours through the Conservatory. Free w/$1 Admission.
What is evidence of learning in art in a museum context? If you don't know the outcome, how can you design to support.
Digg Scrapes Facebook for Diggers' Real Identites and Photos
Why the fuck did send me an email that was what a bunch of people have read and retweeted? Fuck. Charge me 1¢ a day. I'll pay $3.65
Woohoo!! Apple Vodka!!
perfection = my personal devil that sits on my left shoulder being perfect instead of taking action.
Is it disturbing that just hearing my car's exhaust note gets me all hot and bothered?
re:few marchers. Yes, and their input on your comments section should be addressed. It is embarrassing and insulting.
That's too bad. I fell in love with their EP & feel same about the full album.
It's REALLY easy for people who do NOT have to rely on shows for cooperation to take that stance. And REALLY unfair.
Yo I'm tired bout to go home and crash 
I'm drinking. I'm with family. And I thank God.
#lxchat RT : for site specific: it's way less about "calling a show" and more about solving logistics.
Which class is this weekend?
Good Morning World!! Currently at 9:36am in Atlanta, GA is 64 degrees. High: 77* Low: 57*
yea, it's brilliant! I've taken loads of pics!!
Thunder is right!
1 class period then I'm driving to La to go shopping then after that DWTS!
Thanks for that Power play Ward!
Standing outside the BurgerVille and stealing their Internet on my lunch hour has become the best part of my day.
Living in a world of recursive functions and quasi-hierarchical tables at the moment. Care to join me?
just got back from bboy battle, put together a dope jam. peace to all who came out, vibe was just right
right here
Getting ready to go to Brandon's brothers wedding :) can't wait til I have them as in-laws ^_^
Need VIP for the weekend?! Call or email now... tables are already almost gone for Saturday Night!
Thank you, Caitlin! -Kevin
...Stina...miss having you here in Nash so bad....are you still doing your media classes??
Passed out twice during an eye exam. Glad I don't have glaucoma, but would have preferred a less disruptive test.
me too, thanks squirt!
lmao! If I didnt have to work monday (to pay for the car) I would leave right now
♫ NEW MUSIC: Young Jinsu – “Tim Tebow” (GOT EXCLUSIVE)
Daniel Hoff time official! fingers crossed it goes well
Aye sway ?
Estrada is on pace for 27 strikeouts tonight! Go
they were going to sell our cheese steaks b/c was late picking them up!
Does every tweet have to be about business or the superbowl? Nope. I'm cooking a couple fantastic BBQ chicken breasts for dinner. Yum :)
Another r&b title for the ladies: 'HeartBern' and 'I'm Tryna Get It In'
good question...we'll allow it!
Looks like another movie day
When I see tough guys on t.v. get all skeeved out when having to deal with a dead body I think, "pussy".
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous?
was he already on?
No problem!
Biebs!! follow You know you want to follow!
RT : 1 in 6 Americans are food insecure. Those areas with food insecurity also have high rates of
Also, you can now set a specific time for your daily reminders rather than rely on my whimsical timing... check in to a program to see it.
Want to see more
on Long Island with fam fearing that everything in the apt could potentially be lost at this point by tomorrow
First Rose, then Noah who is followed shortly thereafter by Gibson. Next up: Asik.
: Plz nick follow me I love u it would make me the happiest girl ever
Great! RT A7: Love is a noun and a verb. Life mission: Be love, show love.
Because of my extreme boredom , I decided to try an egg and avocado hair mask :) ... It better work because it smells wired lol
Iglesias is getting the start tonight. Can't wait to see what the kid has got!!!
lol I know when to hold em and I know when to fold em!!!
Me too! Much more than I expected to, actually.
didn't know packing was so stressful... just step back and breathe
I'm not angry in this hahahaha
Dyed my hair! (:
" Prayer is not asking for what you think you want, but asking to be changed in ways you can't imagine. "
C'mon Pope, you are killing us!!
Gilchrist gets the short end of the stick on most calls. Gets called for tic-tacs on defense and gets no calls on offense.
#YouKnowYourHigh when the lyrics to a Pitbull song make sense.
Of course, what I meant was that the subways would fill with strudel…
I love that the fans are booing Marchand in Buffalo tonight. Shows that he is being his instigator, goal-scoring, annoying self.
Tonight is #5x7splurge ! Hope to see you all there!!
Yea it is. Follow me so i can send u my direct number.
Same here!
Hmm. I might have to look into that. Thanks for the heads up.
how i met your mother is good. too bad its done
im sure with my luck they would be asthmatic and literally could not breathe
Dnt drag on a lie after another lie it just makez u look stupid!!
i just back from Miami :D
u tryin 2 get some of this hot fiya ?
also think about tobacco and how taxation has dramatically curbed smoking behavior, in particular in the young.
Hey Matthew - Thanks for connecting! Are you attending ECAD next month?
Que Paso Hombre! you goin to Carol of the lights?
Aw the parade is coming down my block! I still have my sheet music let me play with you.
what's up
Would love to be at #MIMAMKE but can't. #BLACKHAWKS! Have fun!
thought so!
It doesnt work for me.
Evans squeezes the ball, Cundiff is a non-factor.
Which would you rather get, a present on a day it's expected or a present on any other day for no specific reason?
I have a bio test tomorrow oops
thanks. I hope you got something that will help your business!
Just sent Joc a late night txt. It wasn't nasty or nun. Lol. It was actually sweet.
is awesome :)
On dance floor, age just a number - Durham Herald Sun
I love you!! You are beautiful mrs. Mini Voyles(:
Relax, Bmore. I asked the team to look at Boller. You have no idea wht we have planned for you nxt season. It's going to be magical.
no sorry I'm here!
The Pack need a DE, OLB, SS and OL (C). So that means TT will grab a, what? Best available RB first?
Sports grill wings
listening to the current segment. confused. when, where, and how did DM make those comments.
There is more that I require of thee..
We need to integrate mobile into everything.
I feel bad for .. He has an APPROVED twitter and there's still fakes of him :/
RT : Congrats to the haven graduates that walked the stage tonight! Best wishes for a successful ans hope filled future!
looks like corruption,lol
Because the USSR invaded Afghanistan. The US boycotted the games in protest.
You don't like vampires
PFFFFF for cutting the front and back grass at my house is a good $25 for me
OMG i cant believe you just made titties on your tweet xD
Why should the rest of us have to pay for the "Personally Irresponsible"? The uninsured cost us billions each year!
Wow! Looking fwd to seeing them too! RT : Watching all 120 8th graders' CSPAN Constitution documentaries.
you're a scumbag and you shill for scumbags.
officially against mcr.
last night was wild. follow our new friends, because they are fucking awesome. looking forward to having them up to nyc.
#UFC finds TV partner in India - Multi Screen Media. Be interesting to see where this places TV distribution. My guess: near 1B.
Hate crimes
Much love - many kisses and much success!
you are one of my biggest role models please follow me you are an amaazing person <3
not yet we all need to get together and brainstorm
Still laughing that my son (in college now) asked me if I know anything about F O'Connor's "A Good Man Is Hard to Find."
Now at panel about #Chaucer. First up: #comics in the classroom.
I'll be at the show on Sunday (:
Hope ur holiday shopping is going well. A charitable donation 2 is a gr8 way 2 advance HD research ;)
chord changes are overrated
A2: Communication is key in EVERY relationship -- especially the ID / Client relationship.
Hey did everyone see how hot was in the #xfactor finale?! Is she still like 13?
Kwik Trip one of my followers? okay..just watched the greatest episode of #theburiedlife you guys are life changing :)
"when did we get old?"
Family Guy >>>
Watching the laker game on my phone lol
that's whats up, im goin get my 1st tat Thursday
Central IT orgs & services can vary greatly among "peer" institutions. Educause CDS facilitates comparing to yr IT peer.
HA!!! ": Magic. RT How is it that is still tweeting?”
some new coffee coming soon -- Sumatra, Ethiopia, and Guatemala.
the reaction when i come to know who A wil b the same as wen i get my exam paper and the Answer i thought was correct was rong
Great news.We're in the middle of recording the new album. 4 songs are recorded. Stay tuned
Oh no! I used to have my address in my email signature. That was dumb.
HOLY FUCK! I passed my Algebra class with an B and can't even celebrate
Perhaps you could adopt a shelter dog named "Wego."
Sometimes, Tuesday is the perfect time to drink wine... alone in your apartment.
Breaking out my tassels for the Lakers. Hahaha
Alan Kay: Learning a new idea requires almost as much creativity as the original invention.
I want to know what love is!!!!
Listening to Just Friends right now (: Hopefully, if you follow us, we can become friends ? (:
Manning, entertainingly, on how cats complicate human movement and spatially, horizontal and vertical planes.
Awww Thank YOU
Policies that turn power over to students are forcing some great teachers out of the classroom.
Never mind, they went out for breakfast lol
We've got lots of films reviewed in the new edition of Video Librarian: Ward No. 6, A Time for Drunken Horses, and Nénette among others.
It definitely is. And if you go I will be very very jealous :) Is FB down for you btw?
thanks! Glad you liked it. We should be open tomorrow. Watch twitter and FB! ;-)
Nickleby's! #Akron! Its on!
This year seems Valentinier than other years, for some reason.
Washington should have won that game. Bye bye bracket.
Jesus christ the magican
On the way to the studio to hear a rehearsal
AND you know it! Thx!
I married miss right! I just didn't know her first name was "Always."
Can I write for adventure time? Shit I'm random as hell too
#thewayiseeit you should have your #party at
So many White House "armchair quarterbacks". Republican or Democrat, try being President for a month, week or even a day, then pop-off.
Tune in this Thanksgiving to Tuff TV @ 10:30 and enjoy The After After Party!
any word if peyton reinjured his neck today bending down to kiss elway's ass? Their bromance is hard to watch.
The Celtics should have a Good Rondo vs. Bad Rondo guage on the sideline, kinda like a possession arrow.
This movie was actually pretty good ! Good for lifetime and no one even got raped! That's a first.
I'll be significantly lowering my carbon footprint this month... because my car was just stolen.
checking out The Embassy Ensemble and J Ivy
I had to do the math twice... :) yes not long yet... long and lots of change.
RIP elizabeth, anyways. i hope she's in a better place now. x
RT : Thx for RT & using #TwTAs = Tweeting Travel Agents. Community of agents on Twitter can now find each other!
Working on a new video :)) Well, I'm just about to stop for the night! xx
MT : The National Museum of Mexican Art will screen + a #Chicago teen art exhibit about violence. More deets soon
I submitted a question to your support discussion center a couple hours ago and I'm still waiting to hear back....crickets....
Movies Opening This Week Movies Opening in Theatres This Week
Working super hard to keep my beach body! Woo! \( °o°)/
#HPLive has beer. Less filling, tastes great. RT What To Look For In Tonight's Illinois Primary: Hype, Filler.
No crossfit today, but I did Farmer's Walk a new kettlebell through the mall to my car. Burned a bit.
Watching the Skins v. Dallas game through the crack in between my fingers!
Totes! And you definitely started a new trend! #NoDoubtBoutIt and ur welcome! :)
Can't tell you - I was a volleyball player. :)
Seeing just brightened my day.
Thank you.
Are you promoting an event in D.C? Do you work at a bar in D.C? Do you know of a really good Happy Hour place? and DM.
someone speak spanish? haha i'm from Chile & i speak spanish..my english is bad lol
So, as my Mom used to say, how was school today?
love that Cara's hanging with Scout! Thx for the read!
Radelet: "There is a huge overlay of economic growth and political change in Africa. This is very different than the South East Asia Example
Hey can you believe that told me that I am not allowed to wear a hood while I work out... hm No sweat here
That and maybe a shirt. :)
Gotta get down on friday.
HELL YEAH!
cannot log to yahoo even facebook google since i ,ve been using this crap called YAAAAAAHOOOOOOO sincerely L.M.Freitas
RT : If you are trying to win the heart of a #Leo female, never be disingenuous or lack originality. You will fail.
RT : FIRE & have written to Villanova U. protesting cancellation of Tim Miller workshop. Up on our website soon!
I ran over 2 mating birds, ripped my jeans and had to buy a textbook within 15 minutes of each other.
Still working the kinks out on getting our insider feed consistent. But what a great week for the #txd crew!
Oh Night Divine Comedy
I know you are. I hope it's true. I don't mean to be a pessimist. “: just reporting what I heard,”
where are u? We should collaborate! And plz check out our trailer! :)
lol i quit because the auto correct shit is getting on my nerve lol
Sound judgement to me :) RT : Son: need a $1 for a hot dog 5 min later Son: Got a cupcake instead. Hot dog line too long Me: sigh
Im lovin how it kills my ex to know I spending time with someone else that isnt him. &how he just wants to call to say " I love you." Lmfao!
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it. ~Desiderius Erasmus
then your pussy taste juicy
hopefully by next weekend!! They have a lot of grout clean-up to do & sealing. Then we have more painting & cleaning to do!
: Please introduce federal legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the US! Thank you.
Watching the Philly/AZ game, drinking beers and eating hot wings. Life's good.
oh right! they are only cracked to get a little flow. we'll take the blame tomorrow i suppose :-\
The amazing world of Gumball is hilarious today. It's the closest thing I can get to chowder 😔
My cat would be uber jealous and beg to do the same!
Argh. Make it Doug.
Be Safe &meet the 2014 deadlines by obtaining your Electronic Medical Records Don't be fooled by Copy-cats!Visit the website toady 4 sales.
On to spending cuts. Let's make them big & real. Otherwise we're toast. Got to save somewhere so we can spend $ where we need to.
LOL this one is for Cyndi I know you love Twilight!!!
you throw up?
“: Consuming a pot of blue bottle while I dig into CoffeeScript this morning #appropriate” Cheers to that!
It's also on MLB TV but I don't think they have same audio.
Phew! You're up early. Mama's gonna need a nap! :) Excited to see you tonight. Pumped for the !
only Chris Berman could enjoy that one “: If Huskies score on drive u could say they traveled the Trans-Seferian-Jenkins Highway
Great job
so ur calling Niall Horan boring cuz he always eats
DM me with the details!! I'm 20
should have got a banh mi with me. Pickled vegetables on a sandwich!
thanks for the visit! Hope you had a great time!
download games for playstation Dragon Age: Origins [Download ...
Failure is a Wonderful Teacher
Getting sleepy
Doing some February homework.. Nbd.
Now it is snowing on West Branch of Delaware...my fly is lost like tears in rain...time to drive.
Hey "American Dream" commercial guy from Spotify, your voice/lisp has thoroughly creeped me out.
Anyone who has not seen a Cirque du Soleil show- GO! It was amzing, truly breath taking.
So that was the greatest recruiting reveal ever, right? The shaved UK logo?
Oh I hear you on that one, I used Home Grocer and they bailed on me too.. I might have to try Amazon....
LOL! Girl! That would be awkward. :p
Run, run with her top down; baby she flies. Run run with the fury of a saint in her eyes.
it's a fucking fist.
in Casablanca, Morocco! su casa e mi casa... wait, that can't be right...
Sitting on my kitchen counter waiting for cable to arrive. They're over 30 mins past the 2-hour window. What's new?!
And we bet it looks great on you!
When juicing your drink gets out of hand... Stop, and ask yourself, What Would SquE-Z Do?
Yeeaaahh! Me to, I thought the test was tomorrow!
Need to get back on my tweet game.
I never thought this day would come</3
so how r Rangers fan?
yes this is true
Headed to see take on that team from the south with & others soon. Great night for a game.
ok- it is so hot the dog refuses to go out.
I've Ben dead. Wake me up bby
can you verify our account
#thatawkwardmoment when the lights turn off but the class stays lit by all the phones out
Thank God for scrub pants!
I am not surprised, Erika. You've needed at least one or two clones for awhile now!
BloodyNightCon: One hour for the next of all the products (8pm, Spain time). And only until 22/01, 10% discount at all the pes
Dunno - seemed more like a clever tactic to get someone to read their blog. Who knows :-)
APA citation format will not stay inside my brain, no matter how many citations I have typed. This is a boring revelation.
Here! Can I just start shooting questions?
um.... i might goin to this guy named david garzas house .....(:
You all can love but my perspective is different... The show is fantasy good its on TV
Great Camp in Asheville #dcavl Thanks , sponsors , , , and Hot Drupal hosting
RIP. The rapping bum has passed away... #honorablebuckeye we all benefitted from his raps.
I just crawled into bed. Long day.
but I thrive better with a calendar like that. I love that you help me slow down at times. :)
You aren't afraid of hard work, Chekesha - wishing you great success!
It's funny how people take you for granted till poof... One day you just disappear #ThatJoelTreatment ;)
Cafe 41 opened last month. Try our awesome lunch deals! Welcome us to Twitter & let us know what u think!
Happy Easter weekend to everyone! Also, if you're at all interested, take the time to look up the esoteric nature of Easter!
Ran a few miles yesterday using the "Born To Run" running style. Woke up this morning and my calves felt like rocks. Painful, painful rocks.
Dylan holland!'<3
Any chance of additional gluten free breakfast options in the fridges in the near future?
leaving tne grocery store
i need counselin', i lost my mind and still havent found it
Got caught without an umbrella- debating hanging my pants up to dry @ work RT : Wow, the sky just opened up and poured.
We heard through the grapevine that you have a shoe shiner! Would you be interested in having us on days he is not there?
Playing Capture the Flag in a river=best idea ever
once #GoogleDrive gets here, will i be saying adios to #Dropbox?
On my life... I love Macaroni and Cheese with tuna in it..
I'm glad is on Twitter now. #FF him and constantly hold his feet to the fire like I'm going to.
Sun Prairie considering a Boys and Girls Club. Learn more at meetings Thurs. and Sat. at the high school. More info: .
Cant wait for 's new songs to come out(; But 11:11 always makes me feel happy:D <3
Who is starting on Opening Day for you?
at this point i dont care lol i've been wanting something sweet all day lol
I FEEL U!WELL WHEN U FIND TYME 2 FUCK WIT ME LET ME KNOW
gonna play Wii with the brother! <3 bbl
Favorited so we can make sure this issue is addressed.
yea I'm fine thank u tho
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you.
Curtis going with the Kevin Durant schoolboy look on PG...KOOL!
i need followers
She's so stupid she thinks a shoplifter is a very strong person who goes round picking up shops.
can't change what I never was..
I hate being the last one awake.
SC Teaching Case Study: Grob: have students create a model newspaper about their class topic; too bad faculty did not go along
Please add a Tebow jersey to my Christmas list. This guy is becoming my favorite player.
I still can't. But I've read enough.
Excited about creating my new space in a way that nurtures my creative side. Am I too old for a loft bed? : )
... You might know!
The only thing I don't like about spring and summer is all the damn BUGS!!!
I learned today that #UserExperience is more formally known as Human Computer Interaction or #HCI in the education community.
Why have i never listened to Electriclarryland before? This album is amazing!
and yes...meeting! I'll email ya
This is a nice smooth ride into the city right now
What ever happened to the Sea Oats Motel from way back when? I know it was still around after Hurricane Dennis (Destin)
gave me a shout out <3
We are "Connecting Cultures" this wknd at Target 1st Saturday w/ & more!
Cant wait to see tonight on #TheVoice. He's gonna kill it!
Crazy what happen with Junior Seau.... Smh
Anyone read the book "The Odyssey" at school? Or seen the movie? Or got stoned and watched a documentary on it on the History Channel?
what tweet? lol
Joseph Kony is all the rage it seems, US is helping Uganda find him. I suggest they check Pakistan.
Sounds of Anacostia on the air right now. arkradio.tumblr.com. come by any time! Thanks ! Very very cool.
wanna play @ The Orphanage?? contact us =-) david
Join us tonight between 6-8 for a dog adoption fundraiser! They are generously donating 10%!
: In the Organizing for Online presentations. Missed 10 minutes. Not bad considering traffic. Great class so far.
RT : Around Christmas time it is fun to go up to any "For Lease" signs & write "Navidad" under it. - Funny Af' (x
Hope everyone had a great thanksgiving!
its not a scam. Quite the opposite. Google us. Just launched to the world. 400+ retailers
I'm in big trouble, aren't I?
We need to confiscate all of Frank's razors, he must keep the beard!
what do u got goin on?
The creepy "Rebecca" story was new to me. I'm glad I got to see ' stage version by Daphne DuMaurier.
Idk man sororities are kind of stupid you pay for friends just saying
Mr Bates! No! Someone tell me he comes back to Downton Abbey! (Season 2, Ep 1)
the fed & brettonwoods & I'd say theres a lot of merit to the argument that we r headed 4 hyper inflation, esp if bernanke cont as fed chair
If Roses injury is serious, I am going straight to my Dr for depression meds.
you are becoming a world traveler! Please come back and stay in Dallas for a while!
I've voted for at least 60 times today. It would be worth it if i got a follow back :) 1-4-3
On another note, I dreamed of Robert Downey Jr last night... oh boy is he HOT as Tony Stark. Hot!
thanks for heads-up!
FireSign customers: All systems have returned to normal. Thanks for your patience.
I kno I kno its a damn shame but things will be back 2 normal Friday! I'm off too & I'm lookin 4 a drank!
Awesome! :) RT : If I ever got an ass tattoo, it would be part of a horseshoe coming out.
Again took the jeopardy test...again ot didnt go great. Why oh why couldn't I remember shiatsu!
really!!!! Ok fam can you call me in the morning and let's chop it up.. Let's get this ball rolling
neva dwell on old bitches life too short
probably a switch over capacity on your ping traceroute root shell server
RT : Celebrating #4sqday at :D DJ played my song! Woo!
Twitter > Everything else.
PARTY ROCK SHUFFLE! #MadonnaBowl just got so uch better
VIKINGS defense is Atrocious! Small letters cause it's that BAD!
I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act. Bill Gates
"If you don't talk, I'll call immigration and Mr. Faulkner's on a one-way flight to Sydney." Prosecutor to Renee.
Vegas in the morning...loving this thing called life!
- Just saw a tall hot model with really bad feet and thought of you, miss you buddy. Glad to hear your killing it as usual!
Maybe they should just dig it all up and put in a new "instant" subway like they did with the instant bridge over River St.
“In every society where women have power—whether humans or primates—the key is female bonding,” -Christopher Ryan co-author Sex at Dawn
I felt shitty about my stand-up tonight, & then I watched some Buster, Gob, and Tobias videos and felt way better! ,
Can't get you off my mind. Well fml, fml.
Building a new team, with great people and solid partners.
Good Morning! On 99.1 The Mix for a few hours and then taking advantage of this nice day!
has the best laugh in comedy.
Okay thank you for letting me know
Fast moving clouds and lightning show in Elmbrook Church's parking lot. Car-shaking thunder too.
“You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I’m not hungry enough to eat six.”- Yogi Berra
Breast cancer is the most common cancer among American women, after skin cancer.
I do not know what kind of tie it was other than just very bad.
I adore the #Havertys dating commercial
I would like to spend 4-6 weeks visiting as many areas of India as possible. I think Dec-Jan will work.
(Or rather, evidence that the Academy *IS* morally indifferent.)
oh okay yeah ha. I thought you were talking about james. And I just saw pip leave :\
lol you did not mention this
i love u too! can't wait to come home and show u!!! hehe
Bus driver blasting Robert Frost poem through the main speakers; "NATURE'S GREEN IS GOLD--" still no response.
150 years ago today the first transcontinental telegram was sent.
Thanks Doll <3
Fun Fact of the Day: The accent of a cow’s mooing depends on the region it belongs to!
work again =[
That's just great,it would be sucky weather the day I actually have plans!! -__- This chick=Annoyed. :P
So with football season really over now I guess it really is basketball season
Wow, He wants to hear our voices.....Just as he listen to the Republicans. That is cute
works with iOS & Android smartphones & tablets. All swings also upload to online account. Int'l shipping mid-year.
Now I remember why I only use the self checkout lane at the grocery store.
OMGoodness! I do believe I had a very similar blouse like that back then. Pretty awesome :)
Full disclosure: I actually am a good shot with a bow and arrow. LIVING THE STEREOTYPE.
In #Toronto two weeks next month and looking for #comicbook stores interested in hosting a #Mixtape signing. Suggestions?
" I'm not in North Carolina, anymore" but ohio is what it is!
Front Desk Mon: George Van Wyhe w/Auto Trim Design Fairbanks is helping us get our exterior windows tinted for UV & solar heat protection.
you know who I don't miss? Megan Habusta. fuck that bitch.
We're all dressed up, we have nowhere to go.
L was sayin stop haten on yeter or what ever her name is
of course! A chance to hang out with you! Been to long I think. So, what are we doing for our birthday? ;)
Sweet just got a point off for doing over time!
not going to make it. Sorry! Work calls.
Stats without context = fail...... Pay Matt Forte NOW.
Glad you're excited for the movie! :D ": is the man!"
Are you the Peter Raisch that I know?
well, at least they won...
did he chest bump him?!
not especially. What comes that comes...
HOLIDAY BEAUTY TIP: Rollerball perfumes are great stocking stuffers & give you the perfect scent every time.
Speaking of foursquare. Members can check in at: Baltimore Blizzard 2010. Leave a tip and some new key words.
and I'd be happy to teach you some more photoshop. ;)
A three hour tour! A three hour tour!
Thanks for the shout out!
not bad ! you're getting grown up hobbies now. enough already of the bowling and the sofa-perving !!
Tuesday is the best day on twitter :)
thanks man
Publishers need to prioritize the ebook-indie relationship.
Mini morning adventure with ! :}
absolutely.. and being legal helps lol
Plaque reappears in 6 hours after brushing.
Dart Vader have an away game today so the boards are open. We'll be back later, so y'all be good.
new york is not a soccer city, and philly fans have been given every reason by thier front office and Nowak, not to show up.
I may die. Haha. No races today.
My butt is so tense. Massage it!
DJ Cyn spinnin at CopperTop bottom of Beaver Run Chair in 20 min! Its a beautiful day 2 Shred+ Drink + listen 2 good music! Hope 2 C U!!
I am, but I've never heard of it.
just as good a your material...
Nice pic! What did you think of the show?
“When you mess with one part of a person’s life, you’re messing with their entire life."
wow dude sounds amazing. We're about to listen right now.
hehe txt me back!
going to pick up the items I bought a the #HuskyStadium sale today! Too bad they lost last night.
Aw. Jealous! But can't wait for the next two weekends :)
Get Austin Mahone verified!
I'd like to be everything. You want hey girl let me talk to you …:)
Giving thanks to Spirit for universal love that cultures our palates ~ palettes with hues of rhythm & blues clues...
nice and foggy out. Perfect time to kill somebody
Life is a waste of time, time is a waste of life, so get wasted all of the time and have the time of your life.
Thanks for Following us, Ben!
Reading on the Rise is great--I like to call it, "How Harry Potter (Really) Saved the World."
STOP alex
dont let it happen again
time for a upgrade in lock and bike ouch
Our honor defend... let's go buckeyes!
Thanks for the following! Nice to know #voiceover artists close to home.
Congrats to Scott/Ross Center for the proclaimation from declaring Community Service Week Oct 17-21!
Mrs. Beasley: yummy rubber bands don't taste like chewing gum.
#ChicagoCubs Fans, be sure to check out Yak-zies after the game! He's amazing!
so jealous of the fucking boys they can get anygirl they want
Stay gold.
is sleepy.
Yeah! Love it when things work out! I believe we are moving in a month!
this week M I'm only off on wensday and and I start late Thursday so I'd have be back in bport around 6ish
Mario's has all the NHL action tonight. $3 absolut drinks 10-13
great show on the yatch. crowd loved it
aw poor baby. ♥ but you get to see me in two weeks, so be stoked and smile! love you :-)
Happy Birthday to The Code Man from Have a fantastic day!
RT Q3) I actually try to do this alot; matching seemingly unrelated ideas is a great learning opportunity.
I challenge you to a park off RT: I parallel park like a BOSS 🚗
hahaha 6 lanes of traffic in-between us is why. Lol. Ill capture the next one. No creep tho.lol #coffeshoppimpin lol
Retweet if you up
Thanks for the the inclusion in HIV+ Daily!
Straight hustlin' can't stop & won't stop¡!¡
Rise ane Grind! Ready to give an Amazing workout this morning in the Hollywood Hills!
i've got a big, new invention for social media. i need to talk to someone or Facebook to see who needs an idea. 122011
Growing up fast
In e-mails between and I, we throw in SEO-friendly keywords for future #gmail search ease. Even though I have 91 labels.
☼ We are made to persist. That's how we find out who we are. Tobias Wolff
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Please follow my mangement company THANK YOU!
TAKE A NIGGA ENERGY,MAKE HIS HOE MY ENEMY, HURRY UP AND MONEY ME,PUSSY SWEET I'M HUNNY BEE!
meh.. I could've figured that. Any guess on who goes for Joe?
Good morning!
Hey New Jersey, I'm playing the Black Potatoe Festival THIS SATURDAY at 6pm, in Clinton! Yippee!! www.blackpotatoe.com
but it's Tuesday!
Attention Bands-- I have two prime SXSW showcase slots for Saturday night available - message me for details!
it comes quicker then you'd believe. I'm so excited!
We go a new background! Do you like?
So cool!!!
I'm a wuss when it comes to movies.. #Crybaby lol
The worst people in our lives are our greatest teachers. You can still want to punch them in the head, but learn it, bless 'em, and run!
I'm always angry and I just want to kill someone.
Welcome to NTH, Michael Terry in Grand Rapids, Yazen Shunner in Northville and Chuck Cole in Northville! We're so glad you're on our team.
like 2 bears coming out of hibernation - think of the possibilities!
Spent today working with 11 young bassoonists in Sacramento. Now downloading e-entries for So many talented young players!
Thanks and Love from !
Come on Paul...no love for #Kenseth?! You holding a grudge from Vegas...ha!
#TAGDerby love TAG DERBY!!!
at lest mitt created jobs.obama has created none.not a single job in three years.// more category 5 stupidity
I'll believe it when you ask me to help you move
Random talks with are always fun! Haha caught her off guard :P love you!
hey your girl is doing our radio show June 3rd! can you retweet and tell everyone to come!NY
(mn^-1/5)^-5/3 does it look like i know how to do that? and why would i want to know how to do that?!
RT : For the first time since November 2009, no cable network reaches 100M homes, according to Nielsen
Let's give away a ticket to this Saturday and a $50 gift card to - RT this to be entered to win both!
just tying things up in a pretty bow...should be soon!
WHUT UP BITCHES
Early Flight To NYC To See ✈
- Thanks for the follow, #makeup friend, we are honored!
Erden with a statement dunk.
Having songs you used to sing in chapel stuck in your head...
NIGHT (its 4:16 in the morning!)
You ROCK.
I'm waiting for somebody to ask me how tall I am, so I can respond with, life-size.
Place Ur Heart In The Right Persons Hands And They'll Handle It With Care. The Opposite Will Crush It. Be Careful Where You Place Ur Heart!
Its a win! recaps it all with Spurs Game Night Rewind at 10:30pmCT TUNE IN!
Love that! It takes us all. Without you there is no us!
Love that Shella is on twitter. Tonight I am going to sit her down and try to explain what hashtags mean.
Tweet tweet
#dhtrial The #DesperateHousewives show may soon be over but the trial will be renewed as Nic's attorney Mark Baute says will retry the case.
where you gone be at watching the draft tonight?
I prefer Omnis as a host personally. goo.gl/mxpku
The more I think about it, the more I think I need to travel & actually see what unis are doing & how ppl are living.
we'll have to meet up next week, I'm leaving town tomorrow
Walk on the side of the street with shade, if neither do, turn your hat forward or backwards and keep moving!
I'm about to fall out of my bed. This show is hilarious!
I learned my game at the school of light jostling.
I know! I hate them when it comes to to Austin...
. I'm really inspired by the students at #webslam tonight. #BmoreTech companies need to scoop up this talent pool!
Who said that? I will beat them up, steal their lunch money, and buy you a beer.
:/ I'm hungry
Smoking on dat loud.
Congratulations on completing the #3day!
Off to bar D to see for a second then a quick detour to side bar to see before work! Follow my lead kids! Its worth it
Bro. Mallik, For sure let me know when you're up here! You're chapter brother Iman is up here too...
eBook/eReader Workshop. CyFair Branch. Bring your device & cords and let us help you get the most out of it. Wed. 11:30am...
": Dr Zhou #CDC: routine childhood #immunizations given each year save 42000 lives and $69 billion in societal costs. #PAS2012"
The ear muff protectors are so good I considered getting my wife a pair for Valentines Day.
Loved Tina Fey's women's news ...
11408inc Vs. Common. "If U have a microphone, U can help ppl; I blieve this is my responsibility" --Common
Google Plus is the new social media marketing - Do you agree or disagree?
if I survive this weekend it will be a miracle.
I told you but you don't ever listen until its too late!
Preparing to write another article on dog dental care. Today's subject - dog dental disease. Yes, dogs do get gingivitis.
i am downloading a video so i can use it in a video. thing is it won't load. :P
Have a great night
Let me go home, I'm just too far from where you are, I wanna go home.
dad's at work, mom's sleep, lil bro is sleep, lil sis at my aunts house ...... im the only one up & at home lol
True! One day of ranting and being all Emo on twitter, and I feel so much better.
Really fucking tired of my friends.
I just need to stand in the street and throw out twenties.
Saturday night we return to Sean O' Callaghan's to rain destruction upon boring bar music.
more like matt choke-bert, Brendan Harris his ass to the minors
About 5,000 fans in the stands at media day. Brady was great.
WHEN R U...AND UR PRETTY MOMMY COMMING UP 2 BOSTON'S LORD & TAYLOR? ME AND MY DADS WANNA COME MEET U BOTH...!!
lol ill have it fixed by tonight
#NP - Bleeding Love
will you shoot me some 'hockey day' pics for web??
Follow back?:)
naw, just saying that is the nuggets were smart they would have wrapped this up by now. dont give threes, foul.
I got a new cut hahah see if y'all like it
Sleep mode ... Slaving for white people 8:30 to 5 tomorrow.
Thanks for following us PoochiCouture! Love your website! We're launching soon, so stay tuned!!!
I'm awake with insomnia if that makes you feel any better :) safe flight!
Life is pain... Anyone that says otherwise is selling something.
Why are there so many freaking cats in my neighborhood???
yea wat about
We got that SWAg sauce like drippin SWAgu!!!
will 12-4 be enough time?
Off to work I go! Day 7 in a row now!.
Best team name "Stop the War on My Rack"
He wasn't down. Niner ball unless refs on dole
Hemp for Victory!
#djio As a community, we all have a part to play in working to reduce info overload for each other.
That test was not a dreadful as anticipated.
Unfortunately in Austin the rent conversion is more like AUS good 1-bdrm = SFO crappy studio, not SFO parking spot, but still...
No don't do it. Please don't do it.
As I've come to think of many of those kids at south: poor dumb kid. Those kids were basically brainwashed.
Um. Heck yes. RT super-stoked for this. RT Writing new stuff.
If there are, capture one for me! Please!
that's a dope instagram pic...
Thank you 
They normally say 8-10 weeks for a Sat. They told me May 5 was booked 2 months ago. Was hoping to make it my graduation dinner.
I think got me sick. I don't know how but I know he did >:/ lol I feel like a zombie. 😣
Caught Justin Gary's presentation at #paxdev last night. Looking forward to seeing and rest of #ascension team today.
I feel so close to you right now <3
You're the mistake I knew I was taking.
your so welcome handsome :)
Who has inspired you today? Whom have you inspired?
We're talking Prom horror stories with tonight! 222-9800 to share yours of text us 69822! It's getting juicy!
Hope Vernon Davis gets some time on dedicated #curling ice next week before the #Packers beat the 49ers next week.
are you at mayberry's?
looks way more enticing than that excel spreadsheet
im so close i can taste it!!! 1000 followers is only 86 people away!!!
<-- Thx for the mention!!
THEN ITS ON!
Sitting by mom watching Justin* Me- IMPREGNATE ME! Mom- -.-
baby boy you shine just like a star
NEVER MIND I'll FIND SOMEONE LIKE YOU!! Adele's singing is just BEAUTIFUL! <333
Finally getting through my analog Netflix stack with The Great Escape. They seem to really not want to say that they're held by Nazis.
I will!
ah yes... that one crazy bitch everyone hates
GO TO BED!!!!!!! OHMYGOD ASHLEY MARIE LEAVE HIM ALONE.
Watching the hunger game. This movie beast !!
Today is a much needed day of beauty - facial, pedicure, manicure....what do you do when you need to recharge?
"GOD first, FAMILY second, MONEY third..yall can have that bullshit"
It's a groovy day. :)
with my bestriend kellyn c': I LOVE HER MORE then a alien loves all of the stars in the galaxy <3
bwa-hahaha! Some things are better left unsaid!
Dry periods of your life are design for you to use your creativity to manage what he's given you. So don't lose hope. Rain is on the way!
We're getting reports from our friends at that the #Phish party is in full effect...Cheers to a Phantastic weekend!
Thanks, Kelly! Just need to write a paper for a course on the Global Novel and then find a job. No big deal, ha!
I don't think I wanna go to NIU anymore. I wanna live downtown and follow my dreams and passion in the art/photography field.
Tom Waits - Goin' Out West - 08:47 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
this! >> : Bears fans, don't forget to vote for Aaron Rodgers for this years Madden Curse!
I voted against helping bully victims defend themselves! Don't hold it against me!
Do any of you sleep with a sleep mask? If so is it comfortable?.
Kasey is married and is a christian missionary.
you can get as SIM as you want - the question is how far do people want to take it. ill be the guy that takes it all the way
the guy with the purple sticker thing almost stole that one though. for some reason people take mine seriously
Knock knock! Wake up, Scotty! The people of Wisconsin have some questions. Hello? Heeeeeeelo?!
Omg im actually smilin at my goodnight text...i love dat shit
Huge!! needs to work on them free throws #slightwork RT : Huge win!
Haha, I love how Ryan Seacrest won't turn around now during interviews so you can't see his dirty jacket ;)
Thanks for the note... I will be in Rio and then São Paulo (Campinas)...with a stop at Paraty on the way to Campinas.
While leaving the office everyone was getting out of #Avengers. That was so
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
is a such a GR8 place to visit! We may have to host a ConnectionArtist night this year!
too. much. harmonizing. can't. breathe.
Good day everyone! beautiful day for a park ride in a bit, major projects waiting :)
Thank God it's NOT the flippin' Black Eyed Peas.
First day at new job! Going well! :)
Thanks for a fun, loud and "Jiggly Caliente" night! Luv and appreciate you all *MUAH*
How'd you score tickets to such an awesome conference?
That's all, folks! I'm winded from hearing everyone pack so much into 1.5 hours. Q&A now.
About to be off and get this second workout in! #woop!
i feel like the qirl at the bar whos been there to lonq .
#freshmanyeartaughtme Pennsylvania is not at all similar to MD!!
I'm so silly, I made a big deal out of getting a cool dress for my graduation and I never ended up getting one.
Piqué to team Honduras: "I don't need three of them." Worst ball wrack of WC2010?
I have a loooka like?
I think she was suggesting I should know the name of the park or something.
Just chilling in my dorm for today until dinner!
Just one of those days...
ALWC at 1030 this morning! We are ending the fast and kicking off ENCOUNTER WEEK! Don't miss it!
RT: All 1.4 million of our customers are currently without power.
Thanks girl!!
O ur talkin to me? U must have mistaken me for someone who gives a fuck
If you're a boy, what would satisfy you the most everyday? Beautiful Women or Delicious Foods ?
So good to see at #DSum12! Haven't seen u since Neverland. ;)
Hello hello! It's a chilly morning here in Seattle. Hope you guys have a great day.
#ngce Milton Pedraza from Luxury Institute is a very good speaker.
classic underrated Dr. John. It's the b-side to Right Place Wrong Time
Remembering how GOOD, Justin Timberlakes's - "What Goes Around..." is who JAM!
I dont think destroyed comes close to describing this weekend
At this point I feel sorry for Pat Bowlen. Denver Broncos need to give everyone some hope and play Tim Tebow.
Gotta tape a feature film audition! Only bummer is my trusty reader is out of town. :( Who wants free lunch to read/film with me?! 🎥🎬🍔😌
At my first library conference...lots of exciting ideas
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses.
Is #Santorum despicable - dishonest - dangerous - to anyone with a mind - Taliban like?
Performing at Arsenal Bowling Lanes in Lawrenceville tonight. That's a good time, that is.
Why don't you buy some originality?
you are so british!! In America we say movies
Just Came From Soccer Practice We Got Big Game Coming Next Week And I Got To Be Better For It.
S/O TO LETS GET IT FAM! 2012 FLASHFLOOD
Does boozer have any fans????? lbvs
Hope you had a great day<333 Love you!(: Goodnight xox😘
You don't like my hair!!! Well you can go crawl in a ditch!
That was a gift from Berd.
have you seen asa hotels for san juan? Gorgeous! I m bringing the fam.
thanks but I've already passed it on; it was on a rushed deadline
What do you love most about #physical #therapy?
Watching Teen choice awards tonight yay Hoping to see on my tv
did any of the pics I took if you turn out??
aww im glade to be part of that list:)
- Say hello to the Pittsburghers for me!
I like it....better the the box with small hole...now mass market it, please!
Yes I'll take you to the Whistler for multiple rounds of amazing cocktails & then we'll join the degenerates at the Owl. That's how I roll.
Nothing Nothing
Viola is making us feel pretty great about our meaty arms and natural waves.
