You'll have to let me know how they taste once you cook 'em up! “: my seamonkeys are hatching! #newmom”
Great article! Thank you.
you shook my gfs hand and said hello at Bellagio other night. I appreciate how kind and compassionate you are, a beautiful person
Education or experience... Which matters most?
Just because you have a six pack doesn't mean you can model... It's all about the face darling... Which you don't have
I almost fainted when I walked outside. Yeah it's hot. 104 right now in Austin. Another record breaker.
where in the world is .....SEAN SWWWWWANKKK!
Overheard at Meteor; "The internet is not 100% Keyboard Cat & its more Wikipedia than Encarta 97. Its SOCIAL, not static."
best part of being up right now, you ask? BOY MEETS WORLD IS ON!
Lets do it keep me posted!!!
I am thinkin wed. I'll check with Ashiq. PC on WED?
text me if u still gt my number
Woman just came running up to me yelling Arthur, Arthur!. Then she asked for a picture with me.
Going through the guide on the TV and saw "deadliest catch" is playing. Thought of 's joke on them finding Osama
I forgot RT : getting Beltran was genius...they're not missing a beat without...ah... what's his name?
haha my sister found it on tumblr
It is such an odd thing at the hair dressers to say "I like the length but cut it" huh...
justin is so cute on youre background... GREAT!
loved tweeting w/u girls 2day!! !!
"Rob's use of heroin to overcome his alcohol addiction quickly proved to be a Pyrrhic victory."
I really want one. NPR said it will give the I Pad a run for the $. And of all tablets is the best vs I Pad.
Just point me at the kickstarter...
Teachers are a great example. If my freshman comp prof didn't take the time... the caring spirit of teachers!
Good shots here, too... in the Far North
This is how i show my love...i made it in my mind because i blame it on my A.D.D baby!!
My friend just played me this Carrie Underwood song "Wine after Whiskey" ...One of those titles I'm jealous I didn't think of. SO good!
Travel protip: bring your contact solution if you wear contacts.
I love em all I just love me more 💘
Really? Slangin Henny In The Slab?
Not even a HINT of where y'all will be in Houston? PRETTY PLEASE?
nice! looking forward to it.
me to gahhhh :( i think i'm gunna eat a peach. Hahahha
ACT hosts a Ramayana Rally on May 8 for anyone interested in volunteering, sponsoring, partnering, or being a vendor or artisan this year.
I'm glad I'm not alone in this. I am so over this rainy weather. Come July, I'll be complaining about the humidity & my hair. :)
Shoutout to Lebron James becoming Cristiano Ronaldo and flopping all over the place.
We seem to have picked up a Bollywood radio station.
Imma slap the fiyh out of this bitch
Did you try duct tape? Or doesn’t the Oregon DMV accept the Click & Clack approved fix for the check engine light?
Lucky Lindy was the first man to fly across the Atlantic solo. His son also got kidnapped
Love you more!
We are experiencing issues with our photo upload. We will have this resolved shortly.
Awesome! : The board approved Denver, Colorado as the site for the 2014 #AMTA National Convention.
any plans to support "Undo Send" a la gmail labs in the future?
:)lol imma try and do shows soon okay
well thanks :) next time you come to a game let me know beforehand and I'll bring you some free Braves swag :)
Do not meddle in the affairs of cats, for they are subtle and will piss on your computer. ~ Bruce Graham
“: What in the hell just happened at Rio Tinto stadium? #MLS” nothing. The game was at HDC.
Congrats to Brandon Slokowski for being our 500 fan! Please stop by and have a drink on us.
RT Every time I see an ad for Showtimes House of Lies, I like to pretend Jean Ralphio somehow became an actor.
Last Milwaukee meal was sushi. Lovely.
Anyone been to the new Looney Tunes in #Allston?
you know it haha
i feel like money
or more!
Man i dnt feel like bein.here
It was great to hear the new Turbos running at the today!
Oh Zuul, come on. I only want to talk to Dana. Dana.
You know, I was just thinking that being alone forever until you die probably isn't as bad as it sounds.
The prevalence of ice cream in children's programs and books is disturbing, even for kiddos who are not allergic to dairy.
but you better than those folks by throwing it back in their face
Thanks for being on the #SPJR9 panel abt blogging, Kurtis -- it was a really lively, fun session!
30 mins. out and the Legion is pumped for a full-scale take over! Get us off these buses and prepare for a sea of green!
FOLLOW ME @ IAMHEALTHYHAIR
where you been homie?
Hogsett also would not comment on ongoing investigation into potentially 100 more victims
you are truely the best thing that has happened to music and acting because you tell a story when you sing or act and ilovetht
RT People have opinions about your life, God has plans for it! < That's our God! \o/
it was good to see you!
They said it "derek jeter, one of the hottest hitters in the game" #ThatsRight and people were questioning retirement last year
I would do anything just to see your face again. RIP uncle jimmy 💗
huhh?? Lol gone monique.... And I wouldn't call them friends if I was u. # ImJustSaying.
Ahh did you bring that big frame from your house?
Treat him like a tootsie pop 😜 RT : I want a follow and lick all over his body
It's an awesome movie with a ton of butts to look at.
Cantina Laredo gift cards make a great holiday gift for friends, family and co-workers! Get a $10 guest card with a $50 gift card purchase.
100% pure bad ass!
Just finished Brian Doyle's Mink River and brain is flooded with adjectives. Will go with lyrical until I can get review written.
Just completed a 1.66 mi run with Check it out! rnkpr.com/akr6un
Woo! I have a feeling it's gonna be well attended.
It is 73 & sunny at our beautiful NYC campus! Stop by our Welcome Center today and learn about the awesome programs offered at Baruch!
New Poster out for Alexis Bittar Jewelry Designs. The photo is of a lovely Joan Collins wearing LaCrasia Gloves with their fabulous designs
huh? Caryl Rivers makes a habit of exposing sloppy journalism
I want to be able to HELP people even when they didn't ASK......I will I will Lord
From clarkston to Spokane to portland to Fresno to Los Angeles to Denver to Chicago to Indiana then to Michigan WOW
Nevermind...just saw previous tweet. But welcome to the the awesomeness that is Dexter.
Sperry's are awesome don't be a hater!
: So excited for this years #LOLC Charity Fashion Show!
Don't say you miss me when it's your fault I'm gone ...
Talking about UDC and the Housing Production Trust Fund.
Does have a pic of Damon as his icon? <3
“: Your look really beautiful on your Twitter icon :)” Awh thank you! You are so sweet!!
ty for the follow love your BG!
So excited that one of HPL's nominations made the IMPAC Dublin Literary Award shortlist. Even more excited that it was Matterhorn!
it's your own interpretation.
Ill bet its nice to be indoors. Fuckers.
Super Bowl Spread :
Apparently Bay View bars close at 11.
CHROMA OUTLET STORE will be closed Friday, December 23, 2011 and Monday, December 26, 2010 due to the Holidays.
Watching these kids with the Lego robots makes me want to go buy a set and build something.
Your Pretty :) and your very lucky to have Justin(:
Haha oh yeah. It's close though.
Sorry #MadMen, the dialogue has to be a little louder. Can't hear the characters over these chickens that have come home to roost.
holla at me bro
1 less win and #mnwiId are in 11th place in the west!
I'm sure it turned out ok.
Up this early and I dont have work!! Seriously...
2 big remaining horses in Union Rags and Hansen who havent drawn theyre posts yet..both want no part of post 1
Come checkout the Spanish section of our website www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com!!!
Feels like I've been Left Behind in #amherst this a.m. On the plus side, the meadowlarks and Cheez-Its are all mine.
it'll be amazing race 30 and by the time I audition for it
congrats bro I have a friend 32 she's going through right now
#HeartBall is tonight! Thank you to everyone who has helped make this event possible - we're looking forward to a great evening!
living news sensations in Europe...
you made a fan out of me tonight in Pittsburgh. Awesome show!
oh thats ok, thanks though! Sure if you think of it, a pic of the Porsche would be cool thanks !!!
/// But if you ask me if I had to choose.......I would like to see a Clippers vs. Thunder matchup tho.
Women love words. Men: use them in different ways to romance your mate.
Hahaha nice work. I'm wearing a #Brewers jersey. You come up to me, tell me you're a #Cardinals fan, and expect me to help you?
thanks phone, for "syncing" up and deleting half my contacts, again
your welcome keep up the good work ;-)
hardwood floors watch out!
Watching Kevin Na waggle, back off, yell at himself, waggle some more, swing over ball in anger, then stripe one... Strangely entertaining.
it was a great season, wasn't it?
Don't just say you are going to change your bad habits, actually take steps to physically change them.
How is your quote not just inflammatory, given my kids go via good public roads to a great public school?
Follow me cause I like One Direction :D
By all means marry if you get a good wife, you'll be happy. If you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.
need help with missing package.
you better go to sleep lol I'm on midnights and I shouldn't even be up right now
I legit hate the life I'm living.
Replacement iPhone came in the mail today. Dropped my last one in the toilet....of course that would only happen to me and my luck.
my favorite FDA update today: "Magic Power Coffee: Potentially Dangerous--Not Magical"
OMG! So proud of you and so glad you had fun! Will there be a second? : )
nap time
Yes, strange. Paging MT Why does story on greek elections on Reuters' hp link to WP Romney story? This is...odd
- for sure, but you said "favorite" not "some favorites"! ;) I'd take ANY event with the best seats in the house
"You know, you say something after too many horns of mead...and then everything gets ugly." - Professor O'Brien
It's non-lethal!
go to bed
Yeah, trying to parse out the points people were making was taking too much effort. I have, like, archives-related work to do.
Laker game 2? RT : You hippie intellectual snob! Why don't you come over and watch some games with us?
finally got to catch today, missed that feeling throwing runners out.
Hey, look at that. My Amazon Cloud, formerly 20 gigs, is now UNLIMITED. I'll be uploading a few (thousand) things tonight.
ROAD TRIP!!! ...lmao
Do Tell! RT : I have discovered a way to take the bacon explosion over the top! Your arteries have been warned!
“: Watching the #Rays on ESPN!” Watching the #Royals on Fox Sports KC...
NYmag just "discovered" "Flushingstone" (what a dumb name) and mention Bayside/Little Neck. Whose teeth can I kick in?
my friend just got one direction tickets.
Oh good! Hiya guys, I was at dinner!
you know what happened when sampson cut his hair?
Hear, hear! MT Congrats to & the entire #panoptix team bringing home the bronze at
RECALL WALKER
Good news this past week. RT Dean Swain reverses course on summer tuition remission! A big win for the MGAA!
Just had the friendliest cab driver ever on the way to HOU. Bernard and I talked sports the whole ride.
What Twitter client / platform are you on? It's an image. You asked a question without a question mark, though.
any lessons learned with the war propaganda leading up to Iraq? Please cite sources when claiming Iranian nuclear weapons intentions
Been spending my entire day watching Drake & Josh reruns on Netflix
come to Hillel for a cookie and to ask !
great, hope you enjoy! iPhone version coming out soon, to make universal app for same price
it's still too early to tell. I'm following all the debates. A LOT can happen in the next few months.
What you up to tonight? :-)
Oh Good GOD NO. RT : 'Joe the Plumber' plans to run for Congress: TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) - Joe the Plumber is plunging into politics.
: Good to know. I'm considering it, and I do think that you'd be a great person to consult. Of course, I have many questions.
congratulations to oomf on gettn engaged..... cant wait!!!! 😊
would hate if he didn't get a yellow
Sure is and I love her music and country music period
lol you are so funny on here. Reading some of your tweets brings joy to my day!
I'm ready for great conversation over drinks when you are ... when, if ever, our busy schedules allow. :)
Mrs. Hughes here ;-)
Seriously, FSU' s compsci is a doublewide. True story.
F4F guys? please!
Sorry I'll miss you, man. I hope all is well.
U need a Chancletazo cart- like a paletero but w/ chanclas of varying flavors/colors. Dispensing chancletazos!
oh my goodness!! That's awesome!:)
Proud to be famous among the fine people of Minnesota :-)
I hate waiting
People who complain about other ppls tweets but still follow them confuzzle me
damn, all these kidz getting killed. wtf is going on in this world? everybody says they want peace but they're just a bunch of
Break a Leg Tonight at Dantes, Downtown PDX! Hope the ConCon went well!
So, has it always been mandatory to have a young child or baby with you when you go to shop at #Target? Because I didn't get that memo.
Nothing that's worthwhile is ever easy. Remember that.
Summertime, and the livin' is easy.
lol I leave everyday at 1030!
Newt Gingrich can stuff it!
U did, but that's ur job & ur good at it lol> : I had an "Oh Shit" Moment about 24 mins ago...WHO!!! lol The life of an AGENT!
WAY TO GO SUGARLAND. YOU ARE LOVED!
Ha! Addicts recognize other addicts. :-) RT : Stop tweeting about me!
Not even a little.RT :Don't you love that thing where you pretty much fall asleep while sitting up, do the head bob & all that?
aw wah:( woulda been nice seeing you, we need to do lunch soon!
Hey , where did you get that shirt?! I must have it!
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest scars. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears and the kindest hearts have felt the most pain
hmm...Swine Flu... I am going to wash my hands atleast once every hour now
i cant wait for the day follows me...it may not be soon but i know that day will come (: <333
oh ok oopsies
RT if you love your fans ♥
u shudve gotten the gift card
Beam me up!
Thanks :)RT : I always love hearing talk Facebook. Everyone should have her at their conference!
Taking a break from a very busy day to play my electric guitar in honour of Les Paul. Safe journey, Les!
Got a reservation at Momofuku Ko for lunch. So pumped!!
Boxers or Briefs? Depends on the occasion...
Trucks and vans available! Call now and get Your movers! How was Your Christmas???
watching family guy :)
This kid at work will never get it NEVER!!!!
have to continue la winning streak
He that lives upon hope will die fasting. – Benjamin Franklin
I love She keeps it real all the time! No matter who is in the room.
Nice! What kind of pizza?
Gonna go to the dollar store for a christmas decoration :D so excited!!
It's SO HOT that ...the best parking place is determined by shade instead of distance.
Hey :) how are you doing? How's the new place going for you? :)
#InThisGeneration laziness & entitlement abound
Cory just told me "on a scale from 1 - 10.... We're dope!" lol
ther is NO doubt that there is #toomuchdoubt to execute this man. in fact he should be re-tried, although probably not legal to do so.
Finally watched the film, AVATAR. I want to dream about that forest.
U Sound sexy
yeah, the parade is Saturday then the festival opens at 12 I think. Sunday is from 2 pm til 9 pm
The person im talking about is my gay friend ...
How you gon' shit on me after I let you shit on me?
Fuck you. Fuck you. And a nice big cup of FUCK YOU TOO!
Any news on status of Paul Pierce's knee?
trekked to Ikea today with the Flgyt and came home with a new bed.
Which apartment is that?
UNTIL NEXT TIME! thanks for thinking of us ladybug! “: I came too late, no cupcakebuggies left...next time :)”
Thanks for the follow. Our goal is to make Milwaukee the healthiest city in the nation through its workforce.
Make my bud the chronic 
Going to airport early in the moring and heading to memphis.
I'm proud to be offenive
Happy Friday Brian! Thanks for the shout out & have a great weekend! :)
ima need u to get some rest and drink some hot tea and get some Vicks u can't be gettin sick out here
Yawn, good morning Villagers! Anyone else up this early?
Please please please stop making things more complicated- stop complaining and get it done-
Make a Pledge for Earth Month! Stop by any one of our salons this Friday through Sunday to make a Pledge for Pikes Peak Earth Day!
Is this the first-ever instance of any kind of racial diversity in the entire history of #Bachelor & #Bachelorette ?!
I can't wait to see all my friends and family rejoicing in heaven!
": I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness."
When your boyfriends mom doesn't like you .... (n)
Such a beautiful day already here in San Diego!
All of you bored?
hahah had Pizza today too <3
So cool to sing for the ultra famous Elie Wisel the other night. His fingers were tappin' to Mozart.
#20ThingsAboutMe 18. I'm a proud Aunt to 5 nephews & 4 nieces!!:)
“ U r God's beloved child in Christ. Begin 2 soak in His love 4 u 2day. Good things happen 2 those who believe God loves them!”
yeah yea yeah im selfish according to you, dont worry cuz im leaving soon.
The #Badger basketball game is on at 1:25pm this afternoon! We have $2 tall boys during the game!
#nowplaying take me the way I am,
Manly walk of shame. Hahaha. But it's okay, it's from my best friend's place!
It's better to be honest and lose a sale than lie to get one.
“: Falling for you wasn't planned, and forgetting you is not expected. ♡”
are youu going to the chamiidance tomorrow??
So great meeting and other amazing vendors last night!
Marquette I picked you for the Elite Eight!! What happened???
You know you're a college student when... Going to the library is a social event.
I'm probably the only person on this film shoot wearing a dress bought at
Ill just quote them for the 8x10 and the coasters. Thnx :)
We're done in the Middle East. It's time for another war, closer to home, to help out the economy. :-)
Can anyone recommend good twitter fiction/poetry? Also, anyone know of ongoing group twitter fiction projects?
can we get a follow for our card shop?? Best of luck this year
Nobody is fair anymore.
Me too Joe; that was AWESOME. I was a bit late signing on but sent 3-4 tweets; hope you reply to one! LOVE U! ♥
Makes me want to brush up on my Camus.
😝 ⬅ My facial expression when I read this
The #browns need so much help they should call in
Word Big Cee...
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle. Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
iPhone wishes Dr. Levet was named "lever." Anyway, content... Identifying instructors' expectations is critical, to avoid misunderstanding.
I am SO HAPPY you found your cat!!!!
it takes a real Man to pull off a Hello Kitty bandaid.
Cant do a #nr without lying? Uncouth, disgracful luddite
Hanging out with my bff in time sq.
hi we don't have recordings say people have won a prize.
RT if you think that bitch Casey Anthony was innocent #goseeksomehelp right along wit her ass
Here's to words that tell the truth when it's easier to lie. Here's to staring into the sun when you used to close your eyes.
if I'm a bitch than you're a bitch. your moms a bitch for having a bitch your dads a bitch for fucking a bitch. who's the bitch now bitch?!?
sto cantatndo i feel so close to you CODY SIMPSON
shooting justified or not? Two sides to every story.....
1 Mo Day N Then The Weekend..... Then Monday My Durango - cnt wait - Definitely
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!!
How does money counteract racism?
this is getting dangerously close to ugly—Vogelsong walks Helton to load the bases, Michael Cuddyer steps to the plate
ringaling! Hello?! HI Cathie!! Thanks for following! #Mofones loves #art !! :)
brilliant! so much fun to read.
We love wearing pj's!! especially Christmas morning! lol!
downloaded the new software for my iphone- I love it!!!
we've got a good one to fill the void.
Studio time today let's get it
We would live to sing a very happy birthday to !!
OK OK OK, Uncle, Uncle, Uncle. They just showed a closeup of his face. You're right. Is not.
#Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski(ankle) did not practice Monday. Is listed day to day.
Today's candle weather is ass of swamp.
I love this Clipper comeback but Clip fans need to calm down. Stop targeting tweets at Laker fans.
isn't he a kid himself? Well, he'd be lucky, in one respect, he could financially take care of it
okay we followed, follow back:). -leanne
Give us three adjectives best describing the word "Art." We'll be announcing 2 winners TONIGHT at 9pm to win some Pieces of Blaq art!
Looking to relocate to Atlanta after graduation. Any prospects out there?
SLC Punk is one of the GREATEST films I've ever seen.
must have Starbucks!
I Need Love - LL Cool J
haha ... treatment is not finished
Yes! Just tell me where, and I'm there.
got told today that im pretty, funny, and have good taste 👍 haha aye #karina appreciation day#
thanks very much. How did you connect with us?
Avengers premiere with , , and D!
Hopefully s/thing good will come of this flu situation. Appetite somewhat gone. Feel like Bricks r on my body. Dropping 5 lbs wd be great
Friday is the LAST DAY to submit your films to The Film Festival of Colorado!
I got to go for a run outside today with Aamiah. Perfect weather!
you at TC roy?
Head to the Bath & Body Works page and go to the "Love at First Mist" tab to send a card and coupon to a mom or friend!
lol we're about to have some phat wallets !
Hahaha! Sounds like a plan. We may need some elaborate costumes...if we're doing a trekkie-esque convention. #wheredoIsignup?
Yes!!!! The SAG-AFTRA merger approved!!
Much respect for those that rock the chest hair. You headed to Miami next month?
velcro+cupcakes: QR codes as poetry?
lol nothing that sweet potato is awesome I just finished one!!! 😝
Im in a diabetes education class. i am the only black man and human under 40 in this class.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. -Nelson Mandela
awesome! When and where?? I'll get to meet him with his braces off and with new songs(:
Very excited about class in 2 weeks. I've got some great stuff planned. Lets keep getting the word out!
Extra Spearmint is the King of gums
and white girls #whiteisright and no baseball players
No definitive guidelines for mobile #accessibility but there are related guidelines
At GRAMMYs on the Hill -- what a lineup -- emcee NBCs Luke Russert, honorees Rep Howard Berman,John Mayer, (my pal) Jimmy Jam & Buddy Guy.
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
Must have been that great 1st pitch! :) “: The LC Bears baseball team defeats North Central 9-3! Complete game by #14 Alex Kryah."
How'd I ever breathe without a kiss from goodnight you<3
I take it you didn't see us there.
Getting up every morning a little earlier to write has transformed my week
some people are so rediculous,its messed up
Mad work to do in such little time.
Gettin' ready to bowl. The only sport where a strike is a good thing.
RT : Jeb Bush says he doesn't read edu research and doesn't care about anything that's not a test score. Problematic.
What is thier to do
RT I still haven't recovered from last night's #walkingdead. Feels like I need to join a support group or something. #exactly!
Are you starting the morning w a little #sugarland? I was too!! :)
The Jibble Buddies. ;]
A couple more days till fam come home its goin down LOL
Don't forget today Chili's on Paseo/Wyoming there's a fundraiser for Phil, a Down's Syndrome employee who had a serious stroke. 15% giveback
Just want to CHILL today.... But CAN'T BO HOOO☹
Piety Street
I can't wait for another chicken & waffle experience! I need it in my life:)
#100ThingsILove music, food, my car, my phone, summer, skiing, swimming, the beach, running, my family, and women
I Like Being #TeamSkinny 😊
Who wants to lose the pounds before New Years. New product - be the first to win at weight loss with RVL www.monaviervl.com. Golf Skinny!
everyone go follow everyone of you that follow him, i'll give you a shoutout! ♥ Thankss!!!
In case you didn't know, there was 25 earthquakes today. And 16 Friday including a 6.6 by Malaysia. 4.6 and 4.8 off the cost of Japan today.
Join us as we head to tonight as calls shot gun in the DJ booth! Hit us up with any of your needs
: Where have you been all my life << LOL...appreciate u fam!
WHY I NEVER HEARD A NIGGA SAY HE WAS FROM SWISSVILLE
wow...did NOT see that coming. Things you remember huh? PS: zero idea what any math formulas are though.
m....coffee
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause you bought a #timeshare and were #ripped off by #resale companies. We can get you out the only way there is.
We have a "Republic", Liberals try to nudge us into Democrocy. myspellingsucks.
FYI all - as of Monday 9/20/10 our business hours will be 8am-5pm Pacific Time
Watching Jersey shore reruns (:
Stick that in ur butt and smoke it..
Will you be at the game in San Diego today for Opening Day?
Hosting Free Bike Helmet giveaway! First 250 kids 12 & under get fitted for a free bike helmet! April 28 Cycle Eastlake 9 a.m.
There are no “bad” days, only inconveniences. Everyday is good for something.
well in that case tell everyone you know to watch it! ;D
my heart is my compass and music the wheels.
Hello..Helloo Bosani!!! You can't go hard every night you have to pick and choose your battles. Have you ever played compettive sports?
Oh god, nope nope. I'm saving up some serious cash right now to pay off a few things and get my life completely in order. BUT ILY
yup never forgot it!Follow me please!
I like chocolate, blue cheese salad dressing, walking on the beach and I like France. Never been to France, but I like it a lot.
ahh, very unique(:
Entertained by today's #Google doodle.
this greensboro weather will be the death of me....ugh, asthma my ass.
Really needing something to do tonight. Bored out of my mind!
Happy to be doing a play for kids! "Professor Zuccini's Traveling Tales" w/Talking Horse Prod. I am Prof Zuccini/Countess Provolone/Queen
good times
Do you use unity? It's super cool but I prefer a more classic Gnome setup.
Nice... see you at the show!
I followed can you DM them for me PLEASE (:
Alden and Chels go back and forth like they hate each other, but I can tell it's all love
no more presents fir you...
Everyone was hating on Karl Malone but hopefully he just redeemed himself there at the end.
Lamichael to the Niners! I can't wait to watch him tear it up in the bay!
Anyone pumped for 's show tonight? I'm working, come say hey!
hello wheels! They are folky and fun and wonderful. Guns of Navarone are another favorite.
YES. “: I keep hearing Al Harrington and all I can think about is wacky wavy inflatable arm flailing tube men...”
Less time reading #Shogun and more time re-reading #PhantomTollbooth, we think!
TOMORROW IS NEAR!! MAKE SURE YOU CHECK OUT EP "I STILL GOT YOUR ATTENTION" ON ITUNES!!
Decent odds! Let me know your schedule and I'll see what I can do... :)
Here comes the
We cure it for ten days and then smoke it overnight. It's Pastrami Wednesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint!!
Michael Landrum Teases, Bryan Voltaggio Hits a Snag: The Week in Food News
Did you know has a TASTING ROOM, WINE CELLAR, OVER 400 WINES & A FULL LINE OF SPIRITS??????? 8616 W Pico Blvd. Los Angeles, Ca!
there's so much poetry in the world.
Enter the Void
anudder new tune arranged last nite. It's...uh...diffrent... But aren't they all?!
If you don't watch Glenn Beck every day, you don't deserve to live in America!!!!
S/O to the up and coming stars, make sure you give em a follow
what the heck?
- you GOTTA use a citicard? or can you just use the passcode?
No way...Great Gatsby! sigh for childhood reading.
Morning all. Looking for a great Baltimore weekend. #Artscape tonight.
Feeling good!!:) today my whole day has been just right.....#whatAGoodDay:)
THATS ALL TO IT.
Love's pure silver flame gives each innermost spirit invisible warmth.
darn it's one month till i turn 20 :D, i'll take Louis's number and be turning twenteen
its good. We prolly gonna finish up on Saturday so it's click pow if you dnt show
U.S. Stocks snapped a 4-day winning streak Monday, logging a loss for the month of April, following mixed economic reports.
Did It Hurt When You Got Your Braces? Cause Im Getting Mines This Year And I Think Its Going To Hurt :/
Good music takes good time... QUALITY NOT QUANTITY PEOPLE
We're enjoying our first ever bloody mary while putting the finishing touches on #bloodybrunch. It's the YUM! :)
it's just a song. I don't really live life that way #ordoi??
#goodpick for the Packers. Two guys now added to help the front 3. Welcome, Jerel Worthy.
I guess 😒
#aDudeShouldntTellAnotherDude that those jeans make his butt look big.
can't stand you... ugh
Not that this will actually happen but how funny would it be if the Knicks came back from being down 0-3 and win the series?
Need to get my tweet game up
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.
A $13,000 blue hyacinth macaw tried to eat my head tonight. Seriously. You can't make this stuff up...
retweet your desire for BBQ... if it isn't right after your last tweet, you might still win...
Push it to the limits??? Shit, I don't have limits :)
Gym time boy
thanks for following me!
": I eat so damn much, yet it is beyond me why I still can't fucking get to 100 lbs." I hate ppl like you...
Yes, I hardly see any of those -- even during summer in Brooklyn
So far Millers decision to strike has been a mistake
damn shame. I'm hoping to get some decent lighting shots this season
I've been looking for u lady. How's things.
since when did friends mean more than ur soulmate. o well doesn't matter
thanks man :)
You get head, you're dead!
Noble Investment Group Acquires the 226 room Courtyard by Marriott Nashville Vanderbilt/West End
Someone drank their H8erade this mornin'
Well, look on the bright side NC, you can still marry your cousin!
thank you so much......
“: Looking forward to a few sxsw shows w & and Kenbone backing me.” Faces will melt.
#safewayj4u Doubling - regionally specific but digital coupons do not double ANYWHERE (but then they never have in Seattle anyway)
Good Afternoon People! :)
Thanks so much for the RT!
mine had like 30 babies before she ran away
dude every time i see jorts i expect the culprit to have a mullet
I wonder how the new Criminal Minds spin off is going to be. The backdoor pilot last season wasn't horrible.
Summer get your ass over here.
#MXpresidentialDebate Joisefina "we need more accountability ... Citizen watchdogs ... Better spending needs no corruption"
The real work of our lives is to know who we are. ~ Les Kaye
I knw I love u too..was ur food good lol
Same shit different day out here trying to get it each an every way ! I am A " HOOD GENERAL "
What're you getting at the Apple Store? (and how did tethering your iPad to the iPhone work out for you?
Our drink menu offers something for everyone, from our House Margaritas to our famous Sangrias.
I swear some girls a friggin stupid!
Pianist Andrew Roussak from Germany has just joined our platform!
School board meeting break - long meeting - budget analysis. Alot to review...
profile picture weird
Can my husband please look like please
Surprised Schwartz was the pick. Thought he'd be available at 67. But hey with the blitzers in the AFC North, I'll take the tackle.
Let's Go Caps!
(insert maniacal laugh here)
Sorry guys can't go see backtrack or imma get stabbed 😂
I realize dat I didn't eat anything all yesterday but somehow I'm just not hungry
The fact that any of you follow me is mindboggling. Though I do appreciate it. I'm in a good mood. Ill follow anyone today.
Big props to and for their 1-2 finish at Hunger Task Force Olympic Games. You can all help tomorrow!
what can social media do for a company?
CAN'T WAIT FOR YOUR CONCERT ON THE 25TH!!
Perils of live reporting: a huge rat ran five feet from me about a minute before my live shot. All I wanted to do was run!!! But had to stay
Got my package rolld up
Lyons put up 15.1 points per game last season, but there is definitely a character concern there. Worth the gamble for depth?
that's great me too:D
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive and go do it. Because what the world needs is more people who have come alive
Great job, NSHMBA Nationals! #NSHMBAU Officer Leader Program Day 1! #NSHMBA Representing New Mexico
1x1 prices just dropped $20... Renovated units!!! We even have a fitness center!
Only if you promise to rock a rat tail every Sunday Funday. Because who WASN'T jealous.
Character is made by what you stand for; reputation, by what you fall for. (Robert Quillen)
Oh! "Micro-site"
#GladysKnight only received 21!! Definitely should've gotten a LOT more on #DWTS!!
Thanks for the follow! :)
Yes I do agree with "the girth"
Autocorrect can go straight to he'll.
2 workouts today!! Can't wait for the turkey burgers has cooking.
I don't care a thing about rules.
Have a Terrific Tuesday everyone!
You're welcome! Thanks for being so awesome! RT Thanks you the retweets! Memoirs are magical!
d'awww you DM your fans that's sweet =) looking forward to your tweets, & thanks for the message!
if anyone knows but no one knows then will know?? that's why i have friends FACEBOOK FRIENDS ARE THE BEST RIGHT "CREAM"?? I LIKED IT!
U are scaring me
I've heard people say, "Love hate Love hate, it doesn't matter!" Anyway, happy 16th birthday, Nick!
Raja Bell's clothsline on Kobe.
Not understanding<<<
lol just saw your bio and pic so that was a slow question, its good you still doing what you love I'm proud of you!!!
Amazing how seeing a cute pup walking down the street can brighten ur day! Their meandering ways & wagging tails. Pure happiness. Love dogs!
Now that the rain is gone, I'm willing to bet we're going to have an awesome sunset in a little bit! Get your cameras ready on the pier!
hahahahaha BUT I WANTED MY COMPLIMENT ASSHOLE.
Anyone using #Refworks #Endnote or #mendeley for the first time this semester? What do you think?
bout to hit john carter wit the pops
Im still waiting for that day that and will make a music video for Coldest Heartbreak :)
yeah i know right... 😔
BELOW THE BRIM is figuring out how to make his characters come to life with a simple walk cycle.... stay tuned
I LOVE ASHLEY.. ;D
ALIVIA!!! HOW'S IT GOINGS?! :D
I think of all the things you said and I wonder how I could have ever believed such crap.
Someone got to hang on set this week and last! Haven't been around here much at all lately.
Ugh. At least I had MLB.TV to get me through yet another late night at school.
Merch store with all new designs and the new ep pre-order and bundles are coming very soon!
whats your number again? I accadentally deleted that message
The sooner I take this test, the sooner I can spend the night over my husbands. I love sleeping in his bed and waking up to his smile. <3
latest stable chrome build messed up my a:visited transitions. :(
Hey! Ah, I want to be there so bad but I'm on the air all night, however, I DO plan on hitting up the UG! Will you be there??
my cousin is having her wedding up there next year. haha. so yes, I'll be in ny. :) haha
It was only funny because he's black.
She is starting to suspect something about her o.o
You're welcome!
mane, it's so Hot!!!
Taught financial literacy class at Sellwood-Moreland Library today. Pleased with the turnout--considering the heavy rain outside.
Had a great morning putting out flags for the Great Flag Caper. With patriotism on full display, Irving is now ready for the Fourth of July!
#ThissummerImtryna live it up :) & Enjoy my family back home :)
Belated thanks for the mention :)
and people would still get all the services you'd get at a bank. without the fees, ideally.
Spending quality time with Camila.
“: good morning love”work must b light in Germany
Yay, My friend, Amber Camarillo Made. A Twitter account!. Clap, or whatever! . IDK! ? 3 CHEERS FOR AMBER! .. ^^
Actually, Jude Law seem right to me.
Creative juices raging. Listening to Tron Legacy Reconfigured and drinking some oak-aged IPA... {pop pop}
You never lose by loving. You lose by holding back.
Such a fun lunch with
Earth Footwear 25-50% OFF! Including EARTHIES (High Heels)
I hate ants and their uncanny ability to find and crawl over anything sweet. 😡
#Blackparentsquotes Where yo report card? Ain't no teacher lyin' on you!
ive done spam before and gone on tweet limit 6 times cuz of that! so i made a back up account just to spam him to follow me:D
Heading to film my first speaking role in a student film at loyola.. Should be a fun day!
u mad cuz im rite
Alumni game is a close one
that if you confess your sins with your mouth the Lord Jesus and belive in your heart
no just shirtless
Flyering the Ice Cube concert tonight... cranking 'More Than A Feeling' by Foreigner (as well as Cee-Lo Green and his Soul Machine)
a worthy cause... Catch the videos once they are published
Friday is the last day to submit your film!!
Uggh...I hope going to therapy is gonna help me get better:/
Xmas Tweets: Mom says Lovie Smith needs a stick of dynamite you-know-where.
went to everybody's records today- cool in-store performances!
No shame, man, no shame. It's a great movie...!
Already 11 teams signed up for skeeball! We will capping it at 16 teams so if you want to play sign up soon..
i hate having companions in video games because they always die..
Terrible, rainy day here in SC. Bad for #carbiz but nice for writing #poetry! Oh, to be home with pen in hand!
Could the lakers lose? And clips win tomorrow? Is the world ending lol
Do I want to know what a "fudge monkey" is?
We scream! We shout! We are the fallen angels!
is thinking about con-men, or con-women actually. A con-woman, actually. Don't ask.
when does the crowd surfing begin today homie?
Funny: Coughlin didn't really touch the Plax stuff, saying only of the comments, "I'm sure they were grandiose."
awh bromance too cute:')
I think he'll be gone by the time we pick. Who knows though...
Fair point. I really should get over my qualms of taking pictures of my food. That would help.
Ninja, please...
Dang.... Everytime u on TC or Ustream im either on mobile twitter or offline :/
#NeverShouldYouEver Regret Something You Have Done
Got ur mac up and running yet?
registrations have sky rocketed - let's hope NY can match Atlanta talent
This Why I Aint TAKEN, Imma Be Single Forever &&' Thats a fact...
I plead ignorant on most of this. I'm curious, why do you disagree?
north Dakota state
Sorry !! I have a problem !!! With my phone !!! I'll answear your questions in 5 m !!!
I'm lovin' the new Mary J. Blige, Why with Rick Ross!
that's the opposite of my experience. I thought Apple extended battery life with the update. Hope the reset works for you
sounds perfect! Call me when you get to Seattle! I am off the 20th-2nd.
Couples Night!! Two for one entry for ALL COUPLES! Discounts on VIP Booths and Hookah!! $5 pizzas! COUPLES DANCES! COME HANG OUT!
runnin this thing out my trunk lol
you probably dont know them but could u help us trend #HU4L ??? <3 <3
The fakes are masters of disguises. They are hard to see. RT In a world of alot of fakes it should be easier to see the real?
Thx for the Follow. Blessings
After the 7th day in a row of working, I'm still going strong!
Whats up with these racial TT recently?
im laughing so hard at ur call
RT I miss you too! Mexico City awaits <3/// I think they're ready for you
I love carrot cake. :::swoons:::
RT : "The shift to electric autos is going to be as big as the shift from typewriters to computers" -
Christmas is so soon!! :D
Holy shit. I just saw a gust of wind knock a leaf off a tree and into the pool. Where the fuck is ?
I hate Perkins so much.
Where the hell did all these Mose Allison records come from? Seriously, who needs this much Mose? I really need to thin the vinyl herd.
getting real emotional watching the Chris Mullin ceremony here in Pennsylvania. Brings back such great memories.
If it was my family..I wouldn't mind..<3 ;)
Ugh i know! RT : Can't believe secret circle and ringer have been cancelled what are you thinking !!!
you are so forgiving Caroline! Was it hard for you to forgive and forget about the cookbook?
LOL - we spotted the same listing!! Tweeted about it later in the day ;) thx for lookin out!
Yeahh! Next Year I'm Gonna Be Voting 35657867645657887907 Times For You!!!!!!!!!(:
I never doubted he could be a great role player - he has the drive, and that's usually what it takes.
Mann they got me clockin in madd hours, all good though, my checks done doubled in a week!!
if killed while relieving oneself, after eating wedding cake ... tis just desserts, says I!
psyched to play at Rodan w/ m'dudes in a few mins.
#RandomRedSox Andre Dawson
Thanks :D
it's my basic feeling that just bc you know something is delicious doesn't mean you're entitled, as a human, to have it
Looking for a good program to do graphic designs on.
91.5% of files available for download on Cyberlockers sites (Rapidshare, Hulkshare, etc...) are copyrighted material.
hahaha I saw that (:
Ugh I gotta do my prezi -_-
Most people turn the music down in the car when looking for a street sign, so they can see it better.
wrong. Berklee will teach you JAZZ and you will like it! -berklee grad
Thanks for explaining the legal ruling on Wisconsin. Good news for voters rights.
Wishing days were 72 hours long so that I could get to everything that I want to.
man Travis, it's Paul all the way for me hahaha
Everytime I get a text from you its like a mini-christmas.
Van 1 has finished their part of #bourbonchase good work
DVR'd the Grammy's- caught up on twitter and FB this AM so now we know what to watch& not to watch. Social media has saved us time. Thanks!
Anyone going to #Greece this summer on vacation?! We want to know about it! Where are you headed.
if the lakers would make it lmao 😭😂
Goodnight Carter.
Starbucks girl now knows me well enough to know my order and that I'm hungover. Win?
Happy Mothers Day , I love you (:
"Man's mind, stretched by a new idea, never goes back to its original dimensions." - Oliver Wendell Holmes What new ideas do you have?
speaking of things they don't even do in the home country.
at the same tho you just speak on yo opinion and i like that from you i think yall need to interview ja when he get out
English movies are the best. So gory
-____- go jump off a cliff NOW!!!!! *Megaphone screaming* or chips with cheese m
I'm going to buy a 360 just to play halo (:
Sold out commercial secrets wrkshp today, John is a great teacher & so kind to come down f/ NYC & share his knowledge!
I think we've got her! RT : Did sis take pics of the so called "nap"(cuz I've seen u sleeping!!!)?!
For my birthday charity this I gave toys to dogs at the SPCA !
It is not the rich man you should properly call happy, but him who knows how to use with wisdom the blessings of the gods, to en
right words at the right time! Thank you and you do the same!!
Without any milk
Im just sayn sometimes goodbye is a
Feels like work going by extra slow today
lmaoo that's pure hatred
think ima write songs all night at smiley crib
I seriously can't remember the last time I used a CD drive
Do tomorrow's rules still apply uf its Spring Break?
Clippers are gettin SMASHED by the Spurs tonight. damn.
you are so post-outage! I love it! Did you watch the speech on IPhone? Link? Interesting context to watch for SoCal no?
aw thanks
Crap on toast compared to Can't believe today's #badWard5news RT : Can we get #DennysSucks trending in DC?
Prime rib, garlic potatoes, and green beans for the Donut!
So confused right now... We'll see.
The day you leave 15 minutes early for work and 94w is backed up by 20 minutes ...
Just when u think things are going your way. .. But things happen for a reason.
Nice evening for grilled pork!
Tis a shame. I will do my best to educate :)
you are lol im mad you and bri was plotting on me saturday lol
wait til I get this THX certified yeti mic. It's on...
Follow me please! I Love you so much 1-4-3♥, never change! You're amazing. I'm addicted to #SoLsiten. I'm Uruguayan!
um I need u too
Thanks Steph!!!! He's a great example of determination!
I thought that thought Catholic church was wrong to protest the contraception/insurance ruling; my bad?
RT It's International Women's Day! I have been inspired by the works of JAY DEFEO. #FemaleArtist (via )
Why do I always pig out every Sunday?
You know if I could I'd tell you EVERYTHING... but alas, I cannot. Not sure when it'll be announced.
Another case of Dogfish Head 75 plus Chateau Jiahu AND another couple cases of Gulden Draak 9000 Quad have just shown up @ the Deli. Get 'em
"via Twitter for iPhone"
it's probably worse than it sounds
What's a PodCastOff? Most interesting theory we've heard is a space traveler stranded on a foreign planet.
Lol I love watchin this video and watching celebrate his teams buckets. He loves his team!!!
I love MSG the fans let you know exactly what they think of you
It's been a while since you got lucky Boom-Boom. LOVE IT!!!
No more trying to pretend to be someone i'm not..it's time I accepted the way I am,I'm done crying,it's time I just have fun & be myself. c:
Gay wedding tonight with Literally 2 women :) gotta show our support
love this!
Don't know why, but Darryl Henley came to mind. smh
hey whats goin on? your location is creepy hahahahaha
: / And I saved
Here's one that has been sitting way too long on my pile of Cd's "Forever" the great bassist Eddie Gomez and pianist Cesarius Alvim. Nice!
Is hoping everyone has a good day today
I wish. Today it was 103 here. I miss the cold. Lol
RIP Adam Yauch a part of my youth died today
U GO Sharon!
Thanks Laurie. We catered for IKEA a while back! RT : M! Great BBQ!
Happy Memorial Day!
Synology's worked well for me & others here; have seen poor reviews of the Buffalo products, so shied away from those.
Seems to be what I am doing right now in a big way.
Did you see press Alamo Drafthouse got for kicking out a texting patron? Proud of them for standing up for courtesy!
I know...I need to do some more research and meet more women in #tech !
Thanks for stopping by!!
disneyland with nick
screw friends. at least enemies they admit they don't like you.
yeah but I wouldn't expect you to like that show
I can never understand when I see overweight people wearing athletic gear? It's evident that they don't even exercise. Why even bother?
I worked out 4-hrs a day everyday...b4 going to Jamaica! ...and since...meh!!! Not so much! ....so I'm going for a RUN!!! #don'tJudgeMeh
Happy #FF #MaytheFourth be w/ you all-
Please ignore my last two tweets!
Lmfao @ my last RT!! Could not have been better put.
Loving my new iPad 2 my wife gave me for valentines day
How many people have #turkey in the oven right now? Happy Thanksgiving! I have dozens of #turkeys roasting!
Sad to see #appinventor getting the axe from #google. Just made a quick little app with it.
Just checked w/ client bec I hadn't heard back on important question. Client had sent reply w/ attachments, but I didn't get it.
When I get to da crib, imma watch Recess
You don't know you're beautiful... That's what makes you beautiful!
yes now she is
Thanks!! Except our singer is a dude but thats a huge compliment<3
The Belden Stratford would like to Congratulate the Bride and Groom as well as the families of the Silverio/LaReau Wedding. We Thank You...
Good Stuff Chansi ! gr8 verse and thought for the day God Bless my friend.....
Dr. Benjamin Carson, neurosurgeon & humanitarian delivers keynote address at Emory's 167th commencement ceremony May 14.
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X12
In the Big Apple! Life could not be better right now
LOVING Jeremy #Lin 's inspiring story! He was almost cut from the Knicks a week and now is a rock star!!!
my first tattoo is a line from their first EP
Dinner: Cod, kumquats, white wine reduction. French beans, wok-seared, garlic, soy, black pepper. I love spring!
People at fox are dicks . . .
Two more songs down :) its an inspirational day I guess :)
is making plans to see his first !
Chuck Norris has already. been to Mars, that’s. why there are no signs of life there.
Being up this early on day where you DON'T have school should be a fuckin crime!
Will do! Look for our our youtube page, facebook fanpage or website.
Hey. Back off Adam Morrison. The kid has 2 Championship rings!!
Is this what a poker pro should see when he pictures the next 40 years of his life, grinding every day?
yea but it's like every fuckin day some new guys tryin to flirt with her
Dancing with the stars is so intense!!!
Its Friday.. Ladies, if you already been to the Club 2 days this week.. You a Hoe! :)
Definitely!!! This week :)
For the past half hour I've been trying to text but i can't put in words what i want to say to you
I will not be sick on my birthday, I will not be sick on my birthday...
Never leave the opportunity to tell someone your feelings and opinions because no one truly knows what tomorrow will bring
Not a problem—learned a lot! Any presentation with a pic of Oprah is a winner in my book ;)
Right? Was wondering that too. “: Why is it that the two women got stuck sharing a mic? #ROFLCon”
No streaking this year for #OYSTERBAKE2012 for me!! J/k #FIESTA2012 Meet me at (1604 & Bandera rd.) IN THA MIX!
Everytime I hear human resources i think of a room full of body parts.
RT : Women fill nearly half of all jobs in the U.S., yet hold fewer than 25% of #STEM positions. Time for change....
today's game made me watch last year's 24/7 again. It's still on my dvr!
Human Statue tonight at Pier 60, then leaving for Tallahassee to play with some fire for a movie.
Apparently I forgot that I have a twitter account.
just made a new song called HEY CUTIE
Congrats to your daughter and the grandkids! Let us know how it goes.
“Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.” - Peter T. Mcintyre
So jealous of all my friends who are at the Berks this week/end.
SO i cant do anything fun on the computer
Most People Oppose Bailouts, but a Sizable Plurality of the Public Believes that the 2009 Bailout of the Car Industry ...
“: Patriots are #AFCEastChamps for 9th time in last 11 seasons.”
If I ever got a picture with Spitta I think it would be my profile picture for life.
Follow She is the prettiest girl ever!
Don't think that comparison works. TT has only been in the league for 2 seasons. Having a class act matters here in Denver
Or tuxes. Where there's a teen mo theres a teen dad O-ORT : You're 17. You should be picking out prom dresses, not baby names.
Aw Thanks! Oh no! That's not good! 😁
I learned Apple has a new free "Configurator" for managing iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch (but it only runs on Mac OS)
It is so cold here in tucson. I'm at a bus stop waiting for the bus and it's starting to sprinkle. Dammit.....
weird, I walk past Neptune daily and the poster says War on Drugs will be there, but Internet says you're right/I'm wrong
Opening day!!!! I haven't been this excited since the Weltermeister draft! Enjoy the day!
I need to just clear my mind of all worries .....
give us a follow, says you should :)
Shameful Demi Lovato lip synching on American Idol.
oh I've heard of him, but is he undefeated at Miller Park???? negative
. Notice how real story is Hyatt's worry that their employees might unionize!
hey, we were there too. Great day. Hope you enjoyed the live music.
Thanks Gayle! We are really happy with all the new space!
Glad we got to catch up over some spaghetti - working on making my twitter more like yours!
ehh I would imagine ;c I'd be telling it to shut the fuck up all the time.
“: hope u have #Grizz ML.” Parlayed with the under
that crippled guy in the show would be proud
That amazing moment when you have a solo and the audience starts applauding 
Hey, if somebody wants to give me 5k so I can buy that nice 66 Corvair I saw, I would totally drive by Ralph Nader’s house and taunt him.
The kid i love really had to call the police, on my dad.?!?!
i take mines all the time ;)
I sure do hate wordpress..
If you're lucky enough to be Irish then you're lucky enough. Happy St. Patrick's Day! Slainte!.
I can't either ;) I'll be there soon
hey how are you . you can follow me please ?
I was on at 10 and it took forever to load. Idk if it was because of all the people or my computer. I'm going to try again
Road Rage: The Cyclist's Perspective.
Great night at the Auction!
Up thinking about the new arrangement.... its times like these when I wish music would quit bothering me. Just let me sleep!
A bit off topic, and yet a matter of the heart: Let's all lift those miners in Chile out of that hole--an act of collective love and will.
Followed them all! RT :
all I do is win
“: tell them i say meow”
For future reference, is "Qohor" valid for Words With Friends?
... Your still a whore, and your breath smells like maad holocaust
First time visiting the Vegas strip since I was 10! Difficult to tell who has changed the most! Think I'm still just as amazed by it!
I find it fascinating that most people plan their vacation w better care than their lives. Because escape is easier than change. Jim Rohn
i was dreaming of getting out of this town but now all i need is you.. NP
Thanks for reading The Other Brother!
Cleveland Browns
Change your thoughts and you change your world. ~Norman Vincent Peale
Sarah Palin is NOT running for President. Please begin ignoring her ASAP.
Finally committed to playing the PCA. Just bought plane ticket and booked next door at Riu, hopefully a lot better the shithole Atlantis
BEST. new. years. eve. EVER !! thanks for coming out to friends ....
the Dance Exchange crew is! That's me and our new Artistic Director Cassie Meador.
Mr. Blow! none of us can shake this case...it cuts too deeply into an old wound: not a black or white but an AMERICAN wound !
Working on a media plan.
Who will The Dolphins open up there season against?
you two are the purrfect couple(;
exactly, Miller is so good for McGee. I hope he stays around, prolly the best backup PG in the game. Developing mcgee too.
It hurts, but congratulations to the #49ers. :-)
Ok it's 8:30am I'm going to Friendly's to have a Veggie Omelette with my better half Elaine.
Hi. It's Jaren. Blip: QVIGear. You blocked me way back when. If forgiven will you unblock me? Thanks. I care.
We have landed on ze moon.
aw! my little sister is sitting down hugging her 2 new stuffed animal bunnies=) so cute
Holy cow! I had no food in the house, but still pulled off a flaxseed cinnamon pancake w fig preserves on top. YUuMMO!
#brag: managed to blog, sew, look at art, eat, exercise, listen to music, shower, and dress myself all before 10am.
what's up everyone?! #ImOnlineSoTweetMe 💘
#808Pride if ur #Beautiful and u no clap ur hands (clap) (clap)
My mama just told me, whoeva i date next, dont drop my draws for him ..... 😱 lol (*gasp) oh no!
Big news of the day so far: Junior Seau. Why Junior, why?
Occlusal disease is the #1 factor in instability of orthodontic treatment.
KBS and Curmudgeon Better Half - first two beers of
Finals. Are. Over. Another great year at in the books!
I feel that I personally would always wear a miniskirt with black tights.
I don't go there often because its like 6 hours away, but hopefully I'll go more often when I start college in August!
"...because you know Chicago's my favorite summer city in the world" - Charles Barkley.
I would recommend The Vow or the new Underworld movie. I have watched them both recently and liked them
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!17
Last night watchin the clippers play was more like Blake Griffin vs Gravity.
My first mothers day has offically started.! :)
Coffee black, Cowboy hat, Gun in rack... Have a great day everybody.
What's with
Every time Phillip Phillips dad cries, a pawn shop turkey gets its wings
I've been going to bed kinda early now maybe that's why I'm tired, so I think I'm going to bed, goodnight!
Almost every talk I've attended at #railsconf has pitched Postgres... Might be something to it
good night to you!
What I do. Buy a new laptop. Really.
I do nor remember this... I only remember you being very beautiful and my wife to be.
That chick with pink hair
Neil, thanks much for your post, tweet and support of our upcoming West Coast swing !!!
RT : The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me. ~Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead
Have you tried Emily's new cocktail, the "Graveyard Whiskey"? Rye, Averna Amaro, and Green Chartreuse. Somebody ought to put it in a song.
Mariah news plz!!!
Learning about the neurobiology of #attachment #parenting #asja with , Diane Debrovner,
Sorry to the random dude who just got his plates put on twitter by the way.
The museum is closed today but we want to take a moment to thank you guys-our programs wouldn't be possible without you! Happy Thanksgiving.
Kentucky will take it all tonight!!
Good Look..
lol ill edit ur profile for you! :)
Dinner is on the stove. Veal chops and a baked potato.
Keep me caffeinated or give me death
Give a Mfer a inch n da SOB will try to take u fa a mile.... Erbody wanna jughh.... Wht happened to just being a hunit
Thank goodness for on heavy traffic days in Denver!
Eliminating dust mites and their allergen from sheets, blankets, comforters and mattress pads is really quite simple. Here's what to do:...
“: or jesus” read this as a solicitation of community preferences- personally I prefer Greg.
Again, no problem with this intro. Banner's *doing* stuff. He's an active protagonist. & then we meet the New Ross.
Just updated my site! www.elliecolyeralasquez.com
Yeah tell me about it. Getting old sucks! Well 24 here I come!!
New post coming tonight. Its been a while.
For Nothing :D
Self love is so so so important and we think of it as an option.
I think I already broke something. Either that or Twitter is an even bigger epic fail than it used to be.
#PrettyBrownEyes.... um... my eyes are brown.. bu I don't think they're pretty! :P hahah!
Monarch is so pretty!!!
Hope it all went well. And has been treating me well too.
It's a long story:(
Alb. news is crazy.Did you hear those people purse snatched some ladies purse what a bunch of dummies who purse snatches anyways?
to save you:D
Work hard, but still enjoy your life as it is a Blessing to breathe!
..this is bullshit. I'm already lookn in on either transfering, or getting a better job.
Just got back from softball opening day, which tuck HOURS ! ..... Hate softball with a new team !
RT : Update on Cumberland County NC breed ban rumor: we are working w/ them on alternative solutions & will keep you posted.
Your people need to know: what's Congamerge?
We made tho! It was one thrilling ride! Downtown LB to sunset in 30mins! With traffic! GTM!
hope u got my email with the MGK video interview in it.
CONGRATS to your GM .. what a lovely honor!
Adult: I left my library card at home & drove here 20 minutes w/o my driver's license & left my credit card in the car - Me: Go get it.
Happy birthday you son of a bitch Maybe we have a present for you..please drive here and retrieve it. Times up..let's get weird.
I love the fact that you instagramed your local helpful police officer.
ESPN NBA - Knicks PG Baron Davis has torn ACL and MCL in right knee along with partial tear of patella tendon
Shout out to our neighbors! Good luck tomorrow at #uwsocial!
*shrugs* its ok..
GONE! Quilted Northern Bath Tissue Only $4.49 at Target! | The ...
The greatest victories were won by armies...not by a single soldier...engage others in your endeavors and success is possible...
#Tupac will live forever as long as white nerdy kids like me continue to memorize and attempt to rap his songs.
This is true. There are way worse addictions!
Great photo, Ben!
Flash intros still exist.
Looking forward to it. Really got a lot out of bouncing around ideas. last year.
Agree...at least on the first part!
You have to add fruit and flax seed meal to it
If one were to find a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow..would the government tax you or the leprechaun that you stole it from?
Are y'all having a watch party at the restaurant this weekend?
One last final :) hello summer....
Friendship is the soul's heaven. A. Bronson Alcott
Happy Valentine's Day!! We hope you all get LOTS of chocolates!! <3 Love, Bright Ideas Electric
New Shirts are in! 15$ or two for 25$. Hit me up if you want one! twitpic.com/8mkqkzo
Molina's tantrum was epic!! What a dumb ass. I wondered why Cubs fans hated Larussa so much. This team is a bunch of babies and clowns
i just want to move to l.a. calforina just for
I hate remembering the bad times, especially after all thats happened since. Sorry about my wallet. Sorry about your duplex.
At Kinetik, we are music.
Finally my #TwitterApp decides to work :-)
I'm glad they enjoyed the seats
Thanks for the input. Those are good ones. We'll definitely plan on answering those, although perhaps not using the word spam. ;-)
Worst night ever!
I smell a t-shirt design!
my stomach really needs to STFU
I know I'm late seeing that goal but that was absolutely filthy!
Direct Message, its like a email that only you and I can see... It depends if your on your phone or computer?
Watching 'Mad Men' in Anthropology today. My favorite.
Had a bit too much fun yesterday on Owasco lake. Tired and sunburned. But I found that I'm still good at sneaking up on people underwater.
#WeWontWork if you SMOKE , PERIOD
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
#FavoriteClothingBrand Miss Me ;)
I kinda want to take a blanket tomorrow...
I want to put my Van Halen in your Iron Maiden so we can make a Led Zeppelin...
Alley Katz- your place does not need to put the music at club level volume. I want to hear my friends story not the top 20 hits.
Anybody wunna chill?
Relaxing ass day. #keys 😏
That show was too good not to mention!
Sox won! And now watching phoenix kick the crap out of Chicago. What's going on in the west? Down goes Detroit, Vancouver, & now chicago?
Built like a steakhouse, handles like a bistro
Watching vs. from I imagine it will be just as great on TV as it was live.
"That play was clearly not strenuously reviewed by all involved stakeholders. Let's start a dialogue at halftime."
It's a "Wait For Me" kind of day.
If the NBA is out of the lockout by that time I'll buy us tickets to the game.
First rehearsal for Pajama Game today. I love musical directing...different from how I love choral conducting...
: are u going to school tomorrow?
If I were not a Photographer, I would be a European trained Chef. Really, I would...
of course!! And thank you:)
#ThatAwkwardMoment when ur mom r dad gives u a talk .
Very proud that image from Practicum will be on the cover of the new catalogue! Our students produce great work.
off to NYC tuesday to see my NY Rangers put the hurt on the Blackhawks...then hittin Atlantic City with my boyzzzzzzz
No, he's doing quite well on the trail. : Romney: I won't embarrass us in the White House”
Johnny Depp is the shit! I have loved like every movie he has been in! But, yeah, I recommend seeing it. Lol(x
43-0... how could you not want to change that Pacman?
Thanx bud! Have you been to our store?
aww, she's looking good considering. Glad you're ok!
Another use of #socialmedia in education - "Reading, Writing, Tweeting" via
you really know how to make a girl feel better. ;-)
Expo - you must bring your photo ID. (You want a beer after the race, right?)
Draw Something is slowly taking over my social life. :-\
Even though doesn't follow, I'm still glad his accounts there<3
We've let the Marriott know some people experienced slow wifi at #eduiconf yesterday. Wish I could do more.
A lie is a lie...even when u text it.
Good mood<3 text me?(:
this damn fly in my room has been bugging me.
true, but not all do.
House passes payroll tax cut bill 293 - 132. Senate will vote a little later today.
ahah okay and by the way I love your lax stick aha:)
Hey sweetheart! Hope you can notice me today:) loveya!
Good resolutions are simply checks that men draw on a bank where they have no account. ~ Oscar Wilde
Cubs bus trip... Starting off with a couple yummy bloody Mary's
True understanding of God comes only after the heart has ceased to reach to human beings as a source of life and help. FJ Roberts
Day 25 of 100: I'm thankful for the great connection I had in my meeting today
you are!
Insight - more expensive resources are getting more expensive (>$750) - while lower (<$500) are seeing rates fall
yous a cutie
speaking my language. Good recommendation
Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre so amazing. So charming. 2 more shows at Freud Playhouse. Perfect for kids or kids at heart. Bravo Sebastian!
I straightened my hair today only to watch 'Stonehenge Apocalypse' on Syfy?
#ThingsIReallyCantStand stupid music, with stupid lyrics.
Good morning c:
Thank you, Paul. You are way, way too kind!
Business plan presentation time. Just one more thing to cross off the graduation checklist.
So word on the street is there's a cougar running around Ann Arbor. I want it.
#Ginna alarms going off in Ontario - You don't need alarms within a 10 mile radius of wind farms...just sayin
so what dat mean you won't k.o?
cool! On my way right now.
Yea you
Happy birthday to two of the greatest friends ever! #loveyouu <3
I am now at this moment officially single!!!!!!!
"'Steve, you're tripping!' So I'm told..." - my dad about his work life
hahahaha i had that for supper tonight!! :)
Finished the Spanish version of the Math Oral Drills; look for them on Nook & Kindle this week; integrating technology in math lessons.
You will be safe, if you always do right, but you will get caught, if you are dishonest.
i'm feeling attention starved. but hanging out with people sounds like too much work/pressure.
"bigger ads do not create dumber buyers..." to sell faster price lower.
There are soo many bums in the park
Feel free to stop wearing that bracelet I got you last Christmas any time nowww lol
A SNEAK Disser, thats that shit I don't like!
We had a great night! Thanks to everyone that came and welcomed us to the neighborhood!
you da man!
#WhitneyHouston? AmyWinehouse? & people still wanna experiment with #drugs? Am I missing something?
Share your ♥ of libraries! Take a child to the library and watch your world change for the better!
Sorry to have been out of touch for the past few weeks. Been in court on a complex case. Missing you guys!
Everyone follow (: Seriously... Do it.
My dad blows
I got my first stripe.
thought he was more of the spice girls type 😳😳
Sweet ! Thanks! Where are you located?
yea.. thats everyone's dream baahh
I'm sorry but the boy bands of today will never touch the Backstreet Boys.
on no. Its in a real not cute sort of way. I'd prefer it not happen haha
I'd send #oomf messages she would want to wake up to...
On the bus
Merry Christmas to all my friends from Drama centre and friends of the arts. I hope the new year brings creative ideas and new projects
sadly wasn't able to make it to the Syrian uprising panel tonight, but keep me posted about any events in the future!
It's Friday wassup
introduction of solids should be based on developmental readiness not solely age.
MADONNA = PERFECTION
why snooks? you make it look so fun :P
Headed north for the California STS retreat in San Fran. Excitement vs. Sleepy.
love this place!!
Running from zombies is good for cardio.
sir Bari at his finest!!! What doesn't make sense is how Jason has more followers than u. Now that's nonsense!!!
no problem :D
God sleeps in the rock dreams in the plant, stirs in the animal and awakens in man. ~Sufi teaching
New winners will be those who respond quickly to big data
you have a diary?
My still life drawing is in the art gallery 😃👍
what brain damaged person said they didnt like Martin!?
Look how many tweeps think that ASHA Watch is an abhorrence:
If ur ever in dallas, come hit up ojos locos.... Fine servers and personal tv's.
setting up for THE FILTHY MCNASTYS. 9:00 recording a live show. and streaming
11:11 wishing for you to be here!!!<3
no because why da fuck did they pick jack black for the main character...what a stupid producer!
happy secretary day.. lol
Umm, the games on U.S. sites are awful since Black Friday. In Canada u have Stars, Party, Ipoker - sites w/ actual fish. Derp!
Your so Amazing mama mahone! Always there for Austin and going everywere for him is awesome! Hope i meet you love you guys<33
Wow! As Napolean Hill suggested; ”Take a Rich man out to lunch”. Hope U share at least 1 nugget with me;-)
New nemesis: carbs.
Really liked Weilands control & mechanics Thought Ross would end up in 'Pen & think Erlin is too small (5'9" maybe) to be starter
#caps get beat in the worst of NHL ways, the shootout, which just doesn't make sense in the standings
We'll be at the #Philadelphia #Autism Resource Expo tonight. We're looking forward to talking with parents, come say hi.
Money, meet fire. #nhlplayoffs oh well try again tomorrow
#BeerStatus Surly Furious
.'s Kraftwerk-inspired music festival continues today (3-6) w/ & a *very* special guest! Afternoon Dance party in the Dome!
Love is love's reward.
But it's not a real word and a very uncommon name, if there's even another one out there. Haha.
That is some of the finest news I've ever heard
your just pissed cause he dissed that shitty driver patrick
we're in the process of recording it ourselves! johnathan & i also have an ep for a totally new project coming soon :) stokage!
What a hipster... :D
It's amazing how busy we stay, yikes!
No joke. A woman pushed by. Felt condensation. It was vomit. On my foot. Bar supplied vodka napkins & free drinks.
#StayStrongEmily You're in my prayers! xoxo
