#1DUpAllNight Bought mine! Tellin everyone i can to buy the album!!!
We'll call that "Wings When You Want Them"
So glad I paid extra for a 4g phone so can throttle my speed back to GSM.
But in case you were serious (I can't always tell), it's hair relaxer.
Its nature ...
Thank You Joan Lots of love! XO
NFL Lockout over. Fantasy Football players everywhere rejoice!
“I feel sexy when I get out of the tub - your skin is fresh and you've put up your hair without looking” - Shania Twain
Laying in bed remembering a conversation in your head, and thinking about what you should've said instead.
. That ain't a pier. That's a dock!
we can serenade each other with muscle aches and snoring.
An average sports bettor will seldom have the time required or the know-how to properly handicap games
#3WordsForYou I love you.
Truly my pleasure :)
oh wait nvm yes take me home
and i hate all of my classes too..
YES!!! Glad you survived! Let the ice cream fest begin : )
Looking for someone who can help with the marketing of my services to people in Philly. Anyone good and affordable out there?
I don't promise but I can try & fix you 
Seriously? Why do humans suck so much!?!
A guy nudges his wife in bed: Hey lets get it on. W: No, I have a gyno appt. *5min pass, he nudges: Hey you don't have a dentist appt...
I would very much like to encourage a student to write a paper that compares The Unidentified (Mariz) to The Cave (Saramago).
& even when your hustlin' days are gone, I'll be by your side when you get home ( ; <3
in my office. Second floor of Craig
Fish naked and show off your rod ;)
Cmon. Couches first.
My goofy ass twitter keeps unfollowing people
featured speaker at a big conference today...you bet I took my #alphabrain today!
The crazy moment when tweets "Goosebumps" and you have goosebumps. Whoaa!
I'll hang up and listen.
HA! Applies to me! lol!
Uhm don't write on ny Facebook wall like you know me.
looking good Alex!
Little boy: "Do you guys have Super Mario?" Me: "Which one?" "..Um. The one where Mario has to save the Princess. That one! Do you have it?"
i only watch for the funny intros,after that its all down hill.
Jason Can You Make My Say ICONic By Following Me Back Please? I Love You 
Sydney is such a rude
Great Teach In Green Space for &
Today's Brain Floss: 100 years ago 50% of adults in North America were toothless. Now you know why we're here :)
friday was the best i went to the mall with 2 buy gifts 4 our moms way better than going somewhere else
Just so happens I've been collecting "stories" for quite some time. Now just put them to a comic ;)
Awesome! RT : Pilates followed by . Good start to day #2 of cleanse.
Thanks for the follow! Have a great day............
First in class orphan products often experience lower regulatory hurdles due to critical unmet needs
Haven't killed not one person today..... this positivity thing is trying, but it's saving lives..... at least for one day.
How about Chaptweet, Deanna? I've been trying to come up with teaser hooks without revealing too much. It's a cool challenge.
me too! We should start a Dirty Mistress club.
hahaha selene putting me on the spot talkin bout I'm takin daughters Lmao! But fixed it by the compliment Haha
hi bella
in reference to tomorrow I will get you in the am, what time is your flight again ?
Things are going well, thanks for asking sir! Thought you might have a customer for it, if you already had it.
Thanks for the RT!
#RememberThatKidInSchool who had the same nickname for all of it?
ur tweets are always classic!!
Let's go Sox. Take down them damn Yanks.
oh you little lion man haha
NUMBER GAME
I can't stop listening to Northern Wind.
just don't kill a koala! Kill something ugly like.... A Sloth
|!..~- SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
is #facebook having a server issue this morning?
Bodyguards becoming intellectuals.
yeah lol in this day and age
yes it is.
Star Player at Tampa today should go well... Race
“: The month is almost over - what is one #design project you'd like to complete this month?”move closer to IKEA!
#Happy #Passover ! #Happy #Easter ! #Happy Day!
Thank YOU! Happy Weekend!
I like Phillip but he picked the wrong song to sing this week.
just topped off my 3 day juice fast with a mix of berries, apples, oranges, ginger, cucumber and kale!
Its always good to know that u have to find out from gossip who ur homecoming date is! Ah!
look forward to it!
I usually turned her over & stuck her face in a pillow to warm her up from behind..After that she's too hot to want a blanket! ;D
Great coverage of the Marathon on TV by and Our TV personalities are awesome!
Could potentially put a spinny bar on every floor of this 80-story tower. cc
was amazing. gahhh
A perfect day & 2 Indians wins... Not a bad day to be in
No question! Too many good parts of this movie...
RT: If they don't chase you when you walk away.. keep walking.
I want Cee Lo Green to give me the tiniest high five of all time.
jobs/uncertainty. How much will an employer pay for health care in 2012/13? What will payroll taxes be? Uncertainty rages.Don
Follow that queer He has an awesome voice and stuff.
Anyone want a Visa credit card? I won't be needing it.
Im going back to sleep!
Locked pollard up!!!!! Awesome!
lol were she at
Warning: Cock Box may not (or may) contain cocks.
PoiDog has new stuff?
please follow she's a big fan !!
early to bed, early to rise....
Wow! Some kind of fun at Beaverton Farmers Market yesterday! Met lots of nice people, and we SOLD OUT of scrapple! Thanks!!
SP 800-53 rev 4 is a result of 2 years of concerted collaboration. #NIST worked with the CIO Council to craft the new Privacy Controls.
you're a lipid.
blah. looks like my disc drive is bad. computer crashed and wouldn't come back. unplugged dvd drive and now it works
Happy happy birthday Gerry!!!!!
Happy birthday to my main man love u cuzzo!!
I just woke up lol do imma be really tired in school
I forgot how great it felt to read and finish a good book, life isnt all about goin hard!
looking for a rough ride. I've seen so many negative comments already. It's ridiculous when they haven't even seen it yet :(
its ok I understand if u are tired
Follow the next generation of student leaders: UT student president and
": #AstrologyFacts #Geminis believe strongly in performing selfless acts of charity that improve the lives of others"
Yes he is and with any luck he got you Twilight Breaking Dawn?
sweet thanks J! That's sooner than I hoped, I probably wouldn't be ready in time. :(
still in PHL? and I want to be your tour guides - indeed.
THANKS! Let me know how yours turn out. :)
Wasn't there in body, but damn I could feel the energy all the way in TX! Spirit of NKOTB luv runs deep.
Hi my new friends! :)
I want a remake of "New Years Day" called "St. Patricks Day" In fact, I think a series of holiday themed #U2 songs is overdue.
true, but you can't recant your rant, grant
thank u u do too :))
do u wanna *die*
I am so excited!
at #4 the dog pound in cleveland will rejoice 4 trent richardson.
NEW SUMMERTIME 2010 ((HIP-HOP VERSION)) AVAILABLE TO DOWNLOAD 2DAY!!
Omg Ty Lawson
you're amazing. nuff said.
Finger tips numb. Yay learning to play #guitar!
are you at work?
you be quiet
come over and do insanity with me
Taylor Gang or play poker with Gambit.
Someone is smoking some real cheap pot in the garage. Probably some "cool" 16 year olds -___-
It's not even funny,it's like I can hear 'The World Famous' sundae calling as soon as I get out of my car in the parking lot!!!
So sentencing of #dougbruce comes down to 1.) Prison, 2.) Jail or 3.) Probation...
Still in some pain from todays visit, hopefully tomorrow it'll suside :)
Looks like you pulled the short straw Jess :)
Osama bin Laden dead?
And I guess that's life. From perfect to shit in 3.5!!!
latte acquired. nametag on. IM queue blowing up with questions.
Why did Galifianakis win a Grammy?
“: We hit 200k on twitter! Thanks for the love!”> help from and is always great!!! Keep rocking it!
“Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.”
any time, buddy.
I feel so alive in this very moment, it's amazing what music can do to you..
That moment when a basic bitch is talking. And you're like "STFU BITCH"
So much for going to bed early...
Austin always gets a haircut. Boys here barely get a haircut.
I still can lol
you guys wanna step it up and play w the big boys you let me know
Knock-knock jokes for the clinically depressed: "Knock knock." "Who's there?" "It doesn't matter." "What doesn't matter?" "Anything..."
°o° At the very recently refurbished "Many Adventures of Tigger and Pooh". Very nice - hopeful this is a sign of good things to come!
That was an incredibly long day.
One HOT Paso Doble from and on Rock week at #DWTS !!! Yikes! Damn. VOTE 4 them!
I figured out 27, all you have to do is come up with numbers that are misleading and explain why
yes, It is a hard feat to accomplish good depressing playlist, only when the suns out though. when the moons up party music.
are u made at me or something
St. Louis all day<3
Thanks for another incredible show Portlandia! We love you!!!
#CincoDeMayo The only day u can ask a woman 2 shake her maracas w/out fear of a lawsuit. Unless she doesnt have any. Note2self, buy maracas.
- Ok your right then. Time to move forward than stand still "Measuring Dragons". Tuesday 11.11am
its just boiling and uncomfortable. WHERE IS AUTUM?
John -Father of Marge Fitzsimmons -who has been diagnosed with conversion disorder join us to speak out about her conversion disorder
Next up - a very timely pitch - the bullying project. #outrageous biz
- two check-ins down today at
That's what I've been going with this morning (Argot). So far I'm reasonably satisfied.
I'm trazy by the way.
I live in greenfield and u didn't interview me;(
I love how I walk into the apartment to find Trevor, Kelsey, Valerie, and Travis all watching Mickey Mouse Clubhouse.... They are all 23...
the calm before the storm
While #Zipcars love to go places, they have to be returned to their home when the trip is over. Any spot in that home location will do.
One survey in Pennsylvania showed that 81 percent of residential intrusions occur through the first floor.
thanks, Phil my eyewear fashion buddy!
so tired :/
My big problem right now is that this gluten-free snickerdoodle is too big to dip in my coffee.
Just saw this beautiful Juicy Couture purse, just fabulous at the Designer Store in Tanforan. Somebody go get it for me!
Now people want what the movie was about, which is violent comedy
whoa! Cool!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mohandas Gandhi
so excited for the concert i'm working on at the PAC
The Redline btwn Chicago & Clark/Div = The Bermuda Triangle for phone signals.
Hope smiles on the threshold of the year to come, whispering that it will be happier.
Yeah lol I guess they figure with the lack of divas, they had to get Kelly Kelly in on the fun. Yup, all got some exposure.
"A tax loophole is something that benefits the other guy. If it benefits you, it is tax reform." Russell B. Long, U.S. senator
I'll stop by the #Lectora pre conference meetup. My office is only a few blocks away. Would be a good to pop in!
. Thanks so much 4 your support!
Now , I Don't Know . But It Started Cause His Ex Tia Commented On The Picture Of Us & We Were Both Being Immature , But I
Last Time Around and Vespers Goodbye <3
Thanks for the follow! Nice seein you on twitter!
No work tomorrow.... fuck sleep (20 year old me) now its "no work tomorrow"? ...... Thank fucking God, I'm sleepy @ 10pm( 27 year old me)
: Sometimes the start to the way up is much closer than you realize. Ahh yes
My picture from the diamond club just got retweeted from the Phillies.
#Its2012 and some ppl still rocking U.S.P.A Saying its Real Polo ! HA BYE MANN
I just wanna love again that all !!
Champagne & Chickenheadz go!!
Drink more water
get it!
Textmap exhibit linker - sync exhibits with transcript - deliver to clients with free viewer. By LexisNexis.
RT Oral History Follow Friday!
Lmao Yes I am Excited! He is just so amazing!
hey RT this post for me PLEASE and thank you i love you ur the best
#0DAYS You get your braces off....:D Ready to see them pearly whites :)
Just got to my job an hour and a half early by accident. I'd be livid if I wasn't so tired.
Dog park Sunday is going on
Ferris Bueller's in Sixth Period Algebra
On the ground in rainy D.C. Waiting for a gate. Didn't they know we were coming? Waiting...waiting...
Forgot my power cord today. Slogging through slides on my phone.
hey does he know Eddie matttta
oh ok cool. Let me check those joints out when you're finished. Send to
crush those apples :)
Woj on WEEI: "My gut is that Boston will try to bring everyone back on a one year deal (KG/Ray)... I think Ray is gonna go, but KG stays"
A buddy is having a tattoo party tomorrow afternoon. Anybody want to get inked?
Oh, awesome! I only started working here in October, but I love it.
Deadline is a long way away. Likely the last week in January. We'll have a formal call for entries a month or so before.
yes plus many other options
www.varsityjackets09.com rocking the jacket world! *412-973-8262 Call Bob now www.varsityjackets09.com we rock1
mmmhmm -- and after that, should i just call you "slingblade?"
My eyeliner runs in constellations... for you dear. If only I could reboot my... mechanical heart, I'd think clear. <3
is 72% of the way through his writing quota for the day.
I need help fixing my car after getting scammed by a collision company.
Dang im tires....Crossfit has me taking naps..... I hate naps!
I secretly love that regimen. Spicy soup FTW. Also good for avoiding sickness: whiskey.
it really isn't that exciting, I swear! //cc: !
Lucky you. The car across the street got hit by lightening. Was loud as hell!
I guess my weekend starts now
One option that you can use is to hire a professional tile cleaner.
Horrible week!!
I bet MJ did win 3 MVP before he won a championship either
Off to work on this lovely Saturday morning! Why is it always so nice out whenever I'm going to be stuck in the library all day?
Sometimes I wish I could shoot my cell phone.
“: Happy Birthday Hoe”Thanks Bitch!!!
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
The first time I gave money at church I thought we were all pitching in for a pizza.
Here's a tip: when you have employees working don't yell at them if they're doing their job. It just makes them want to quit.
Just kicked ath at playing just dance aka my specialty while babysitting. Shall we drop it like its hot?
One more half boys! #BBN # goCATS
is going to be a person I try to meet at this conference. Great speaker, great ideas!
Just had 1 of my favorite breakfasts: donuts & coffee. I should probably hit the gym next.
Just found out both Blockbuster Videos I use to manage have officially closed. A moment of silence .....
...and suddenly I'm in Texas for an hour.
Today's fun fact: "A portion of the water you drink has already been drunk by someone else, maybe several times over."
was not! U just look like u could kill somebody lol
Lmao I love u Ashley
is preparing for a workshop on how to prepare a business for sale
thinks my hair joined Fight Club. It is certainly giving me battle today
Stupid whores need to get off my dick.
We might be laughing a bit too loud, but that never hurt no one.
I can't believe I just used the word "tweeps."
No, I think they'll just be going after individual bad actors, instead of the institutions themselves.
Germany v Italy.. Germany takes it easy!
I have to watch my lil bro today but hey I get $20 for it
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels good.
while in LA I use to attend events ALL the time, since moving to Vegas it's slowed down & I've enjoyed the "working it" part!
The only limits are, as always, those of vision. #art #quotes #artist #fine art
haha. No way babe :-). Can you make some coffee when you get to the flat?
Retweeeet. ": #alphamale has a twin brother named Josh."
Thanks dumb fucking asshole that side swiped my car.
#ThinkLikeAMan shows tonight will SELL OUT! Please go get your tix online and don't say I didn't warn you!!
You first want to create each of your courses, then depending on the #teacher you can upload as much content as needed
#HardestThingToDO Not believe that humans are the only intelligent life. Someone's gotta be smarter than Stephen Hawking!
I'm going to the show at the St. Augustine Amphitheater on the 27th. I cant wait to see you guys perform! <3 c:
valid point. I will bring it up and see if there's a way to change the date.
I like "assbag"
The first 3 teams have finished! Great job everyone!
I jump too fast and fall too hard..
coach was mad cuz I was messing up it was just a bad day and I'm still going to state
My two female role models: and they rule :)
Hitchhikers guide
Find Cyber Monday bargains? Now plan to attend a bargain in meetings, Single Stop's 5th annual conference, Wed Dec. 14. at Boro Manh CC.
Done with our IST 663 team teaching! Ashley Sperber & I rocked the house!
that gets me n trouble at times lol ;p lmffao
I've never seen an espresso machine explode coffee... until now. Thanks
Yup. That's why he's the MVP.
our event is on his website calendar already...these tickets are gonna go quickly! :-)
If they want to leave, let them go! But let them know that your life isn't a drive-thru!
Well put RT : RT : "Never mistake motion for action." - Hemingway
Over the century mark! Appreciate all the Twitter love, great to be a part of the #webseries community.
Does #clutch jason terry show up tonight? any thoughts?
r u for real
I'll be at all day for the American Indian Celebration. Dancing, drumming, crafts, food & exhibits. Free! 10:30-4:30
goodie mob on pandora right now
#saltlick has fantastic bbq! try it out while you're there. Livin in nyc and missin my
The Four Years of Our Discontent
Hope you get well soon! “: Been up since 4am. Stirring up my 3rd cup of Tea now...still sick, but not coughing nearly as much as ye
lol yeh. Thanks!<3 And omfg guess who i saw today like twice?!?
It's building up a neat little mythology, and yes, it can be creepy.
Surround yourself with positive energy (people, music, whatever!) to help boost your mood.
According to the band's website Band of Horses is playing new BMO Pavilion on Aug. 11!
unreal shot today
Listening to a live Cubs game!
#dhtrial judge now discussing big papers in her arm with nic and atty one must presume. Document seemd 1 inch thick.
courtney smoked the swim!
Thanks man, we're working hard on it. Now I just have to get you to start pumping out some opinionated editorials lol.
you are really good! :3 You're so good at it! Especially the shading :)
Weather sponsored by: - Brainerd Daily Dispatch
You know it!
Reading my Bible before bed is always soothing for me. :)
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...do that little thing they like... little things will go far in the long run when it comes to relationships
I Hope Im Not Being Lead On.
Are any museums out there using Pinterest?
lol i respect that you know my drink and yes those teeth are al mine lol
Maconlysource » Blog Archive » Chat directly with Kwalee game ...
#cubs have DeJesus on their side!!! Happy Easter!!!
Today is the 18th anniversary of Kurt Cobian's suicide. RIP Kurt
Hello to my new likeys!
Keyson, come on don't be like that...lol
RT if you think it's sick that City Atty Goldsmith wants to publicly name victim of cop sexual assault instead of letting her be anonymous.
Handsdown -> Sex and the City!
Happy easter! Love u<3!
Thanks Chris! It is always wonderful working with you. You are a class act. Please let me know when our promo goes live.
I miss you too love!! I want to come son!!
The initiative begins with you.
Life is wonderful even when it's not..
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police
I like you more than dinosaurs. And i really like dinosaurs.
I just read that "there's almost no limit to what the iPhone 4 can do." Will it weed my garden and cook for me?
just bought it - it looks like fun!
RT : Still time to register for 's Spruce Up Your Social series! Join me & tomorrow...
Earlier this evening I did the #P90X #CoreSynergistics workout. #Week4 started today.
Considering the lack of pass protection, Brees not getting injured today is a victory.
shit that's wassup?? I'm down but yea just let me know more
Inside the Recruiter ’s Head: What He ’s Really Asking You During the Interview
oh yeah, its sometimes really hard to stay positive, but I just always remind myself that I am going to make it, no matter what.
Just launched on Youtube! Vegan 101 Season 2 Episodes 1 - 3 starring Eric Roberts! youtube.com/joannemrose1
#3WordsForYou lick my butt
no offense and good for them, but I just don't see the appeal towards kids who lip sync. Maybe cause I'm a 20-something guy lol
They enjoy thinking. They enjoy being creative. They enjoy having ideas. Most people do not enjoy thinking at all.
Come down to Ashley's @ 1501 W. Center Street, or call us at 414-372-7666 for Delivery Anywhere in Milwaukee Co.
Hell yea man.
Just cashed in half of my piggy bank and snagged $156! St Pat's is covered...well it should be... I hope
Rockin' the #Chiropractic care on the weekends here at Center Circle Chiropractic. #Portland, we've got you covered. #RCTID!
Thanks for the mention, have a Great Week!!
This photographer is looking at these model pillowcases like he's hungry!! o_O
Freeland in particular has had a breakout season and is considered one of the best big men in europe.
Better late than never, Ash
MT : Congrats to all the future family docs who found out they matched! Can't wait for Friday! Viva la #FMRevolution!!!
Editor Bennett Cerf challenged Dr. Seuss to write a book containing exactly 50 words. The result? Green Eggs & Ham
just followed =) <3
Wow My sims girl is being stupid and keeps on trying to "play computer games" instead of doing her homework, Weird Its just like real life.
subtitles or horrible dubbed English?
Excellent question! How much is a young African American male's life worth these days?Something tells me I don't want to know
yeah I've been skating since I was 9 years old.(: I have sponsors too. That's sucks! It's really fun you should keep trying(:
I currently have an iBrick. Thanks Apple.
I really wanna go see on Thursday!... Anybody else going?
Ridiculously blessed. Not even fair.
I didnt have signal in IKEA :( so it was a long and trying adventure
To add to that last tweet "It's a sloppy, messy idea" but that's the way it has to be. Via
wanna show some lawlorff love?
RT TGIFood! What are you grilling this weekend?
I've been using these 8oz gloves in the gym damn it feels good.
thats a sexy name well im tony
We're back at today with Columbus newest dining adventure. Korean BBQ can be a unique, light & tasty feast. Stop by & see us on Bethel Road
My hair is red...
Fowllow me and will follow you same time Try once
FRSH SOUPS FOR YOU! Ham & Potato, Roasted Veggie Lentil, Tomato Bisque, Chicken Veggie, Italian Meatball, Clam Chowder and Turkey Wild Rice!
I don't know what it was but I am just mad at everyone today.
The best thief in the , Pavel Datsyuk, takes care of business and gets the #RedWings a goal.
RT : While waiting to audition yesterday at , discovered a Twitter friend teaches there! #6degrees /Hope ya nailed it
that's hard dude it's about time I got to hear some real good shit comin out around here
me too lol I hope is there haha
i love you too
just ran 20 miles-- wish I was training for Grand Kids foundation. Good luck tonight. Will see you at the stadium (pray no rain)
Holy Joe Johnson. Somebody musta pissed him off. Dude is MAD
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game-unknown well a movie lol
for some people...
i follow you by Nicole Leska
Signing up for Breath of Life walk in support of Jack's wonderful mother! So excited to do it this weekend!!
RT Coach K: "if players don't trust you, they don't let you in, and if they dont let you in, you can't teach."
Going to go get my nails done later with my cuzin anf mom for hef quince=D
Wooster Ohio for my brothers graduation! Yahoo! I'm scared tho 4 real so TV will keep me safe
I really think the town of Quincy will burn down this weekend!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Injury crash WB Beltline near Fish Hatchery Road. Use caution in the area.
We've noticed a slow but steady upturn in the job market here in the last year or so. How about you?
at Sherlocks get shawasted withthe boys watching The Crisis tear it up!!
Lived in Bay Area during glory years for 9ers and A's (80s, early 90s), -- that was sweet! Plus tickets were cheap!
I wish I did!! it'd make life so much easier!
Thanks for calling me sexy your sexy too sister
Niggas want to fight for the TEAM but don't want to put out for the TEAM !!!!!
Who is #kayne?
Hate fake ass people
Here are a few other #Schoology users that are great references:
Congrats! The WDW half is a blast! What's your training program?
": #BoyzCallMeMaybe #CallMeMaybeIBStyle"yeah call me maybe (;
Gotta go work tomorrow. WHERE DO I WORK? ANYONE KNOW? Caz Julian in town to c how I'm doing in my election. I need 2 pretend!
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches, but to reveal to him his own. (Benjamin Disraeli)
Headed home :(
omg can we flee the country and not take it?
Gratitude and Appreciation >>> #NewFollowers ROCK!!
yes! And a very cool one at that! Email me Paolo at Nodejitsu
A physiological Fact: when 2 couples meet face to face, wives look at each other's dresses, Husbands look at each other's wives.^^
Omg blair wants to be with chuck my life is complete
don't you think she needs to represent at next year? I'm not against putting her on skis and sending her down the mtn
I'll Have Another. Why yes, I do believe I will.
thank you. You are so right. Love darling
Thanks. Thankfully, she lived a very full life, and died quietly, just draining away the last couple weeks.
Ketchup + vodka? Odd: Just read in LRB that "only Seidel could make a word like 'ketchup' offensive" and now you've done it too.
I don't know who I want to win this series, LA would be easier to beat, but I hate them. :/
I just met the gentleman who created the Wild, Wonderful campaign for WVa. He said he really liked my use in Wild Wonderful Webs.
Nothing airing in Florida? :(
TY for follows!
": Only the moment you reject all help are you freed. #Buddha"
pharm final tomorrow..
I wasnt referring to u. Ppl in general look for perfection and have more fun discovering flaws. Not u!!!! And ####### lol
Pizza Fun Fact: Anchovies are Americans' least favorite topping. -- have you ever tried it?
Looking good so far.
love it!
SPH alum Jill Deboer of is Macebearer tonight. The #UMN mace is a commencement tradition.
I agree. Wait. What? RT“: you're the best!!”
Basketball 101: Keeping sets simple with good spacing allows for your players to make reads and make plays.
This guy just killed all the air around me.
Central CA Auto Show Nov 19-21.Each attendee will receive 1 FREE entry to win a 1967 Corvette Stingray & special edition '10 Corvette ZR1!
shit! i was going thru my past tweets, nd i saw a bunch of tweets that were NOT mine! AND THEY WERE ADVERTISEMENTS! fuck you, hackers!
I'm really falling for you :]]]
Someone get Antoine Dodson on the horn.
when your tights are on the correct way...god it feels so much better.
Speakin of the absence of color (white) wearin Bold colors this season is the thing to do. No more dark colors 2 remind ppl it's winter!
rolling up some #Fire right now...
I am excited for every song when I'm at a show. Indiscriminately.
#NewtGingrich leading SC..not a surprise to me after #Romney squirming every time tax returns are mentioned
No matter how many times we talk, no matter if we don't know each other, even of we've never met, you are a beautiful person<3
It is fucking hot out here....
I'm at a payphone trying to call home.
will vote for because she seems to have the most honest fanbase in this z100 contest.
When is my all time fav gonna fight again?
gurl. I'm almost positive its not. Jus tryin to kill time n have fun. I know he aint gon act rite. Lol. They never do...
We buy nationally. We like to pick up 100+ properties at a time but will look at smaller deals if the situation is right.
What do you think of Sabres prospect Pysyk?
Did it pick up the Chinese?
Cool deal glad you git going again.
Watched "Drive" last night, not a whole lotta driving. Movie shoulda been called "We're Gonna Need More Bleach"
I feel for theses refs because Dwight and LBJ are prob the 2 toughest players to call but, damn, they have been atrocious.
: It's time for Congress to act on online #poker licensing. States are growing weary of waiting and will license games soon.
oh my gosh I hate you. I was so awkward and ugly
I can tweet while I eat!
You guys look so cute together!! Follow? :)
Actors spoke out when 82% #SAG members & 86% #AFTRA members supported union merge. Now I'm hearing friends complain about dues increasing.
The Cubs signed Mike MacDougal, who might be the only pitcher at any level of pro ball worse than Carlos Marmol with one hamstring.
Thanks for the follow - how are things?
Just keep swimming just keep swimming just keep swimming swimming swimming what do we do ? W E S W I M (x lol
Today in FS Cmte, I questioned Dir. Cordray about its "ask us anything” website feature helping #consumers answer financial questions.
way to think ahead. See you on the mountain(s)!
Catching people starring at you, has to be the funniest thing ever.
You get more gorgeous inside and out everyday !!!
Having a meeting for our BIG contest right now! Get pumped!! -Vince
What the hell was that Damon?
look Near/at a popular Thursday hangout/bar spot in Boston. Hm
I like Matt, but I'm not heartbroken he's leaving. Hope Jason Cook goes back to his #DAYS role.
why wait for that day?They have kits to make your hair that perfect touch of gray! It'll be so hot ;)
Oh your happy for us seniors to leave? Good, because we can't wait to get away from your immature ass.
youre still stuck on something that never happened.
what an honor...well deserved! congrats!
looking for a new bass player! If you are interested in auditioning, shoot them an email
Good decision, now you'll never misplace your phone while looking stylish
Page 78 English Home Mag see featured our new Manoir Bed!
"I desire no greater happiness than some one to love me just what I am." 10/04/1870
Xavier hits a 3 to keep the #Aztecs within one, 11-12.
happy to meet you, too amanda!
I 2nd that notion!! Happy Sunday
Have fun at your Valentines concert today :D
hey lady call tomorrow...
your welcome! :)
But can it be 5:30 already!?
In acting class taking notes on inprov who hooooo
It's never too late to have a happy childhood
WSU research summit: Glynda Becker is doing fine with her DC report, but it's still a report describing dysfunction.
Hello guys! I'm bored of these phiilosophic things Mr. Mature is sharing all the time. -Childish
#WhenIWasIittle I wasn't taught how to ride a bike and I still don't know how to -__-
aw! Poor joy!
looking forward to listing to the mew music.
MUCH LOVE !!! Thank you!!
why this bitch call my restaurant and try to tell me how i should do my business and how that's why she walks by and go to the chinese
Thanks for the RT!
These nxggaz make it so hard to be friendly, when I know part of us envy.
I think the time I'll be wasting at baggage claim counts as a late arrival. Do what you say you will. It's not hard.
Ass like that, girl you gotta be a dancer.
I want to go in the house but glued to car radio listening to Sendak memorial on NPR.
yea man a Lil bit, shit ill burn one with ya some time
Chillen with my cousins and
hey man hope Ur well. Let's grab coffee sometime soon
RT : "Oh my goodness, so much sausage" - Chef Nick Musser at
Haha u welcome & thanks :))
Monday's are happy days here! Weird, huh?
They're kind of hot...like fire.
It's always funny when someone falls on the campus shuttle
hear about the significance of #DalaiLama in #sandiego, next on
TYSM, Leslie! You are so kind!
ResearchMoz: Services Oriented Architecture (SOA) Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 ...
My 11 month old baby just stood up on her own & danced to Snoop's "Drop it Like its Hot". Awesome!
Some days feel like razor blades
omg i hate being the class clown because i get t much introuble but it's funny getting a teacher mad though hahaha i'm just so evil
Amazing!!! Show and followers
Polishing #NaPoWriMo--got pleasantly surprised today.
I know I'm late on this, but that shit was funny!! Just got out, still smiling
needing to find a cure for our : children brain cancers!!!!!!!!!! ANTHONY WAS 4yrs old 12/4/93 to 8/27/98
Pretty much done with all my Xmas shopping...all from my couch in my jammies and lap top :)
Breaking News: Brian Williams is trying to overtake John King as the worst moderator in debate history. He just might do it.
Hugo was Constance's husband whom she shot.
Now I know what a Nittany Lion is.
To all the women. Happy International Women's Day!
Where was this taken?
It will come, promise. This is just our first round, we are splitting between the networks! :)
Smoke. Smoking is the leading cause of gum disease. If you are a smoker, try to cut down, or better yet, quit.
I'm also thankful for and taking on the middle school like they have. I pray blessings flow their way!
oh these racist ass comments<<<
Good morning friends. Pay it forward today. Think about who helped you get to where you are today. Thank them. Smile at a stranger.
I mean, mosquitoville.
Sorry I've been so MIA! New post tonight, promise! :)
Time to get sober enough for work! I go in at 3.. blah.
Congratulations to UConn basketball and their fans on another NCAA title! Any thoughts on the game?
Tiger's swing has new major faults. I hate to say it, but the truth: take a healthy body back to his old swing.
Jewel on the radio...haahahaha
lol so us just make em smile I see how u play playa lol
Why? O.o
Discovered my new favorite show... Fashion Police! I feel like I should be on this show!! Lol
Need an oil change this week? Need vehicle repairs? Call me at 405-641-1581 and your problems are solved. We come to you for a change.
happy birthday mac miller (:
not watching right now, but I think you have it right. Lol
Another Beautiful day in Paradise!
LOL i remember when Take Care first came out i would blast the album over & over in my car
I only like One Direction & Cody Simpson. I don't care for BTR.
"Perfect is never doing anything wrong, which means never doing anything at all. Perfect is boring!"
I won't be there till mid June, so I will ghave to et the next one. Thanks for reply.
didn't on the way down, but will on the way back. Thanks for the info. Love boiled peanuts!
There is a person walking their cat on the bike path. You read that correctly
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day! Thank you to all of the wonderful teachers that spend their time educating future generations.
and made a mess in my kitchen
what I believe usually comes true...given time
the only way u can sell shots of caffeine for $3 is 2 wrap some well-known vitamins around it and run repeated TV commercials
Sven Giegold, Member of the European Parliament, founding member of Attac Germany.
I sorry
I leave on the 27th
someone rescue me please ?
Come to the Kennedy's All-American Barber Club for your haircut! Call 407-333-9411 for more info and great deals!
But when it comes to writing it's a whole new critter. I've had to fix every ezine article I've ever ordered anywhere...
So excited for boom boom satellites releasing their single on June 6th :-)
ha yeah
That sounds like a great model. What would some retention funnel stages look like? Ee11sf
Charlie Sheen
It's raining cats and dogs in Portland. It's definitely NOT summer here.
Stay with me i will make you glad you came.
Just got an email from Erie Insurance with a list of six flammable foods...used the phrase 'bottle bomb'...umm?
yeah, that was some crazy stuff #eminem &
Ah, in the midst of a long, bright day of #mkesnow weather to enjoy!
Hopefully Dad was laughing his ass off.
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?19
Not that any of you care but I have no doubt in my mind that Mayweather will win tonight's fight. Somewhere, Pacquiao will be watching.
Looking forward to keynoting this morning at 's #DigitalCream NYC! See u there
did that scrapple make it into your skillet yet? if so, what did you think?
Tweeting on the plane. Like a boss!
it'll be okay..
We can always make a quick edit, you know...
Sorry to hear that :( Glad they took good care of you, though.
Kissed by a Rose. Seal. Batman. Yes.
And this time it isn't even about the fact I like them, cause that affection I had for them is moving away.
Thanks Lindsey! Wish I could give one away to everyone! Good luck!
all i want for my birthday is for you too tweet me or follow mee!!
21st and lincoln sighting: guy trying to fix his car with a nail gun... just let the bumper drag dood
#TOURS 2:54 Announce Tour Dates
What?! people already made the Danzig joke? Sigh..oh well happy mother's day.
Mostly go follow my white Girl Sarah she will follow back
#gopackgo Field Goal
Text TAS to 68398 for live updates from THE Aesthetic Show! Dont miss out on insider info!
@ Rudy's BBQ to pick up smoked Thanksgiving turkey. Car smells good.
Congratulations....Your multi-talentedness inspires me to keep persuing the dreams I have
Me and just snuck onto the stage and now we're watching The Princess Bride in AP Lang. Best day ever.
The more I imagine this, the better it gets. RT : When will the Angry Birds spinoff, Angry Vaginas materialize?
City staff presenting recommendation to adopt ordinance to reduce single use plastic bags.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -George Bernard Shaw
Jay Hicks Broke nigs always talkin bout what they gon do...Real muhfuhs already did it and on to the next one!
Many good blessings headed your way in 2012!! Stay strong!!
Drunk people + sober me = irritating situation.
me too! I love a great scarf. I can't wait to bust out my colorful sandals as well.
hahahahaha im about to call you silly wabbit
she put it in my Dm for both of us but I ain't see u ... but just go ask her
that might be exception & not rule - but nice to know...ty
#20peoplethatilove #11 you are one of the sweetest, prettiest girls I know! I'm so blessed to have you as a friend. :)
When boys take selfies of them attempting to look hot and putting a dumb caption is just as bad as when a girl does it.
still savoring the barbera... getting into the pinot tonight!
now Suppan, that guy was a BOMB. Still, major contributor to that playoff run.
"it's past prickle"
show your support for feed the children america.
Overzealous cricket is back. Perhaps he should consider Internet dating.
IM JUST AS EXCITED AS YOU FOR AUSTIN'S LA CONCERT CAUSE I LIVE THERE AND IM GOING PROBABLY! I CAN'T WAIT!! GAHH CAN'T BREATHE
i l0ve talking to pe0ple i dont know !!! :D
Thank you for following me! I am already following you. Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. ♥
haha! Thank you for listening Carrie! We need to have you on so we can hear about your docu!
i did know and then forgot because how is it already oct 3rd? and how have i not yet managed to call you *shakes head*
have you booked your Sunday night supper plans yet? scroll through our partner restaurants menu offerings and book online through
...I thought you were shaking my hand?
The Vow with my loves :) such a beautiful movie! Makes me want find someone just like Leo! :3
naaa . I believe you bra . .
Final net profit from selling 2 pairs of Jordan XI Lows... $63.27. Should do much better with 1 pair of Jordan IV Cavs tomorrow.
Happy birthday !
Limobuses.com has rental bargains For Birthdays In our best 44 Magnum
How did I miss it. Never heard anything about calling
I just miss not feeling lonely. Even tho I knew it wouldn't last
something to keep you occupied after Gmen get smoked next wk
I'd slot it at my #3 favorite movie just behind the dark knight, not as much substance, more explosions
Unless i have plans tomorrow, i think i am going to go to the gym tomorrow.
I looked at the source Ray.
CONGRATULATIONS for #Olivier2012 in Outstanding achievement in Opera. So jealous you're not in New York!
Happy #ff to welcome new #followers Pleaesd 2 meet u!
Great to finally meet George Marcus today; came to Rice for a visit. Nice guy.
Well shit. Your cute.
do you guys still translate Bleach??
Congrats ! PW named THE BOOK OF LOST FRAGRANCES one its Top Ten Mysteries & Thrillers in the upcoming Spring '12 season!
About 6 hours to go. Takin a nap to #rest up for this game.
La La Land tomorrow to celebrate Dan's birth
There's a math problem in Redshift. It's not an accident (or, technically, a problem).
thanks for the retweet! Have a great weekend.
aw I'm so sorry! When did he pass away?
ha! Maybe he is an evil robot. Only an evil robot wld make us sit through that wretched meeting.
no I'm still in Cali
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes, and the app downloads! It's been a wild day...I do believe I'll take a break now.
It ain't nothing but a number
Piloting our newest tour for our funders. Torn between making it snazzy for accolades or honest for feedback. Aiming for both!
You call you your bf/gf every 5 mins.. Trust me they're tired of your ass.
when it rains it pours
What is your suggested serving size?
I trust more than
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends
OutKast rapper Big Boi was arrested on Sunday in Miami on charges of illegally possessing drugs including ecstasy and Viagra.
Thanks for the response and answers. Is it ok if we quote you? –Will
Appreciate the follow
I remember going there about 10 years ago and I was at least old enough to appreciate what a cool place it was. Want to go back
Way to go Lady Cats!! ELITE 8
The Brazilian food hut thingy in Berkeley is the truth. Mango smoothie for the win!
Almost ready to kick ass on black ops..
I'm a firm believer that you can show leg if your arms are covered, so I'd go for it.
that depressing moment when your best friend () tells you that they aren't going to school today D;
If that's really Tom Brady, I'm disappointed in his spelling and grammar choices.
boys will accents.
Never RT : Who wants del taco ?
Abt to head back to DC, GN.
Rain, reading in coffee shops all day, & dumpster diving in La Crosse, WI. 50-some mi. yesterday. couple days 'til Minn. at our leisurel ...
um, are you inviting me over?
Thanks for the follow
He who has seen a thousand doesn't praise a hundred...Ashanti Proverb.
CFW attendees: During the break, go sign in at the rege desk if you didn’t already. We use this & your eval to award your CME credit
Report: Stanford&#39;s Bob Bowlsby to guide Big 12
What are some skin care tips you recommend for winter?
When you get out of the shower and you feel all refreshed; then you remember you have your period.
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. – Bill Cosby
Finished two great rehearsals, this weekend is going to be sweet! now it's time to get back to work. First a contrafact and then a reharm
is headed to NYC for the weekend.
Live life to the fullest...no exceptions!
hahaha my break was fun actually I went to new york
Last day! Say code word "PARADISE" to your server & get a free appetizer!
it cant get here quick enough
yes them too... And yes is awesome
you guys going to tour for your new album?
Humor is the instinct for taking pain playfully.
Show tonight in Manayunk. The Grape Room, 8pm. Be There!
#gymflow tomorrow morning
“: There’s always that one special person that no matter what they’ve done to you, you still, just can’t let them go.”
huh..funny your the first person that has said that.
My wife loves to remind me of things after I remind myself of it out loud.
normal job or writing job? Hate to think something happened between you and Black Library!
We love your website! Your newest blog "Your Stimulated Reality" is eye opening. We look forward to future posts!
Como estas amigos?
The challenge: not to distinguish between "character scenes" and "plot scenes", but to write plot scenes that show character.
Eat less processed/packaged foods, artificial/refined sugars and junk. Eat more veggies and fruits, lean protein, and omega 3 fatty acids.
That was so fun! Thx for tweeting!
Will definitely keep chewing on the idea...
is the NFL's only DB to record both an INT-TD and a kick return (punt) TD this season
Incredible talk by David Friedberg at Stanford's Thought Leader Series which was open to the public.
Check out the link my homie sent ta ya and let me know what you think homie
RT ": I never step touch without stretching." Safety First!!!!
happy mothers day to you also
hahahahha yes you're :P 100% sure and nothing special like always hahah lol
I heard that bro I can't never sleep how you been tho pat
not going to make tom :( will try my best for the next one. Have fun in Texas!
Today's Google Doodle celebrates the birthday of Richard Scarry - one of my favorite childhood authors.
What's the design?
hey did you have a great b-day tell me about it? Need to get together and chill, it;s been awhile.
Cowboys Use First 4 Draft Picks On Defense
Nice work last night @ IO, Love you and Lindsey's 1st song. Crackin me up.
To stop caring so much about what others think of me.
im faded faded faded
Hard to sleep when ur missing a part of u
just remember that i didn't create that joke
HR beware of your unsavory tactics.
ugh i'm having the worst time with this. we should plan a get together soon!
Joseph Kony has been abducting little children or killing them. we need 2 help these helpless children. And they need it now.
The greatest strength is gentleness.- Iroquois Proverb
Famous persons whose skulls or pieces of are missing include: Geronimo JFK Hitler and Panco Villa
I feel like i got punched in the chest.
Whoa. Seriously.
You look like a Subtweet.
Good luck to you guys in your opener against Mississippi Valley State next week!
It feels great getting an email from our charity's president saying I did a great job and how well our team has done. :D
I come frm a single parent household lol RT : What is wrong with Rian foreal
Grizzlies play today.. Time to see my team advance to the next round!
who who you rather hang out with? me or you?
i like how y'all do the releases up there
she looks amazing
Nope. Refreshingly honest.
time to crawl
Looking forward to the Conference Finals!
So U can follow "good" teams: BREWERS & ChiSox RT I have reports that we do have MLB tv!
why are you working out anyway? Shouldn't you be updating the site or something productive?
sure..... :/ I know I am your sister ! yeah buddy!
You had good experience with NP?
funny guy : )
Would carbonite jello shots give you hibernation blindness?
arely you got a signature of lab rats that a memorie , everything is a memorie ! A signature is a better memorie .
#OnceUponATime omg! awesome!!
have help you out, he will get you followers!
and, here comes Phil moving up on the outside...haha
where did you watch the fight from?
Some clever Republican leader invented Michelle Bachmann in a laboratory to make Palin, O'Donnell, et al seem less freakish...
RT ": Someone stalk me" I think this is your calling. Now
Weekends don’t count unless you spend a little time doing something completely for yourself.
What kind of stuff do you write?
“: What's garys twitter address?”
Anyways....feels good outchea
Drunchies and sad hearts. Oh dear
RT: Bolivian police arrested our local producer, are looking for me and my ABC colleague. We're vamoosing. Got the story, though
In case anyone wondered, there were 79 different Twitter clients/posting methods among the 7,424 #CILDC Tweets.
Black Friday here we come! :)
Just found the mac and cheese.. Sorry kfc.. Loveya
Can't fall alsleep oh shit
1/2 bottles of Ramey! Are you trying to get me to move in to the Four Seasons?!
I love lady gaga.
Working out with jizz.
I'll call u maybe if u call me big mama
At #DRAKE concert in Denver!!!! Cant wait! Weather perfect and the boots are looking good :)
Is it just me, or did March and April switch this year? Brrrr.
me and u both
I love you too!
4:40 a.m.: makes a cameo in our newsroom. Caffeine is less necessary now.
7 #hospital taken cared of now his condition might just get worse. We hope someone at Desert Springs Hospital take notice of this.
On a plain to st louis!
Praying for you tonight during this time in your life. May God show His goodness to you. Blessings!
I have heard this around the bush a few times from individuals... We're looking forward to them
hey I laughed!
MOFOS WILL TALK SHIT TO YOU ON TWITTER, THEN TRY TO HUG YOU WHEN THEY SEE YOU ON DA STREETS. #PUNKBITCH!
people prefer death over bvb and botdf.
<3 UR tweets Better than actual show XO “: People who hate my tweets.People w/o a sense of humor
wow, that sucks!
RT if you've got your shit together...Should only see a RT from
Raven is in #SisterAct !? Damn!!!!! I need to go see it again!!!
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success. ~ Dr. Joyce Brothers
is hoping the weather holds out tomorrow for a wonderful day at the ballpark. Brewers! Brewers! Keep turning up the heat!
Thanks. Great having lunch yesterday. Best of luck netting another Edgar for THE END OF EVERYTHING.
favorite dumplings in NYC? Still need to make your tour someday...
call me
i've been big pimpin in this 2012 buick lacrosse i've been driving. it's pretty badass!!
You gotta be heart healthy to be a #Caps fan
Good Friday morning!! What are the plans today?
If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot
At the March for Babies :)
phrase commonly heard from my mother while driving: "wait, is that a road?"
When women go wrong, men go right after 'em. Mae West
OMG wat do she got on she #Ratchet i love signing this song and so does my whole school
Paul Ryan paid for college with Social Security survivor benefits
I wish!!
help me outt, i just got twitter, NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!!:/
It's easier to accept than expect
Focusing on the best&connecting the best w/each other to support each other is potent
just started reading Grant's memoirs. If anyone is a Civil War buff or just has an interest in the 19th century it is a pretty goof read
I'm tryna be somewhere drunk doing karoake this weekend
love it! EPIC you rock!!
Happy Father's Day from BAS!!
“#Gemini kiss is colorful, quick and unexpected” ;) I got one tonight from my man:)
Happy International Women's Day!
Our hearts go to our fallen heroes. Thinking of you this Remembrance Day.
Let's not and say we did!
You guys are going to flip when you see our grub special this week...look for it this afternoon!
I need to go to the mall
#WordPress #Tools Comment Timeout – Closes comments on old posts.
Interview went great! Let's hope they lean towards hiring a student & not an outside person.
RT : Our summer line debuts in TWO days...
Just purchased #Don'tputmeincoach by 't wait to read it.
Do you want me to ask him if they're still available?
are you hitting up ? going to anything else this summer?
I hope you can make a trip out to NYC again soon!
are yall in band?
Bumpy flights aren't so fun when your stomach had been bothering you all day.
My friends are so funny
Nice stop by the Gmen!
That is my fear, yes.
“: Dude's with overly protruding Adams apples scare me. I just wanna touch it & then run like a little bitch.” - LMAO!
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X15
haha awesome. Thanks for yelling at Mazz.
Thanks so much for mention- how is life treating you?
Thanks to our new followers!
great article, been there myself on the fsbo front and it cost me $20k
Nonsense! I have a basement and an attic, I could have my old collection AND add to it!
You guys, I can vogue in a major way and I have proven it around town and no one is even denying that.
its amazing how much 5 boys can mean to me :') #directioninfection xx
Big congratulation on your victory bro!
Woo, just did the dishes and off to get coffee. Dreary outside =(
I'll have to check her out!
Schnur: "We don't have the capacity to turn around very many low-income schools. Should focus on a small percentage, not overreach."
oh, then it's a good thing you have your family around to some human interaction! haha
Nothing is too big for the God who created all! I press into Him with full belief that He Will Do It! Heal Daddy! HEAL!!!
WOW! RT Phils have scored 0 or 1 run in 10 of their first 34 games. Last time that happened was 1973. //> FTR: I was born in 1980.
Hey! I have some fun things in the works with some dresses from Eva! :)
Heading out to host the SCIAC Finals this weekend. Follow both rounds on golfstat live scoring!
umps in attendance disagree w/Ball 4 to Tulo, but that is why they're in attendance and not behind HP; that was never meant to be a strike
Never knew about China's embrace to black culture. Awesome share!
what was the fez one it's not even working?
30 min wait at security- airport 1 Austin 0...don't worry, I'll tie it up with a frappachino when I get thru
- I agree. Raji is one of my favorite Packers, but he got HANDLED this year...
Free Tai Chi classes for New Jersey seniors
Lots of travel and a family medical situation have unhorsed me. I'm getting back in saddle and tilting at windmills again today!
that's why ur man got cut. He sucks likethe whole kardashian media family
#i'msorrybut why would you take a picture of yourself sleeping? you're not cute...
Even in the dark, baby, I'mma shine bright.
Just gave a message to the InterFaith Coaliton for Omaha Habittat for Humanity. I posed the question-why are you here today.
so I am coming back home to crap weather? Shocking.. It was 60 and sunny when I left Minneapolis
that bad feeling when there's something you should have done a month ago and you can't start it because you feel guilty
At the circus with amber an this shit
Just finished all levels of Angry Birds...don't know if that is something to be proud of...
Every Monday is Rotary. Scottsdale Rotary Club has 175 members. What a great group to be a member of.
1 week until break!!!
Tiger finally won...my dude
That tattoo is so shittty
Michael Vick just got jacked, I don't care for the Vikings but good for them.
Verizon Wireless to Announce iPhone? After years of speculation rumors and false alarms
Today in SEO, my blog was discovered by someone googling "ira glass is sexy."
agreed! My mom is gluten free now too... She has crohns /:
My beef is I dont follow Kourtney Kardashian for a reason...C'mon now!
but it's CHURCH HIDE AND GO SEEK YOU HAVE TO COME PWEASE PWEASE
Jeffrey Lancaster: and = All incredibly useful for personal archiving
Wonderful event held at this evening to celebrate Wonderful things in store for the Arts community.
Detroit Lions no doubt!! Megaton and The Wolverine
who's going to a game tonight (MLB, NBA, NHL, any college sports)?? Upload your pics here and keep us updated!
please help us gain some followers.any little bit helps. in the mean time check this...www.theofficialblacklist.com
“Apple of my eye” – someone who is cherished above all others
I'm bout to find my pillows , and go to bed . I love you more than anything .
Eagles picks range from Brockers, Poe, DeCastro, Kirkpatrick and Mercilus. Brandon Weeden to Browns at 22. feeling frisky
JB is amazing.I like his song Never say never with Jaden Smith.The song show pictures about the movie Karate Kid with Jaden who acted.
Quick, what time zone is this again?
Twitter doesn't know basketball!
Songwriters: If you look at what's hot right now, and try to mimic that, you'll always be at least 2 years behind the curve
That's a new low, you guys.
Q1b: I would say students who have too much on their plate.
we'll have some cold days in November, but likely won't see snow until Dec. Congrats again!
IAN STEWART!
if so, good for him.
What game are you and Joe Buck hosting on Sunday?
Thank you so much. And Happy Mothers Day to you!
Thanks! Considered yourself followed!
Hope everyone has a great time tonight! Be safe
I think I'm realizing I work best under pressure. I might be wrong though...
": The world premiere of "The Cabin in the Woods" begins in one hour! Head to the Paramount Theater now!" And stand in a downpour! :-)
First softball tournament of the year.
Haikeet #3: morning green sunlight/ through a thousand leaves above/ (stop gaping and write)
Oh I believe you, not the first time I've had that complaint. Probably have start using delivery confirmation on everything
SO TRUE. ugh.
Celebrity watch: getting on a plane with Cornel West.
Join the TshirtGang today! Best prices on custom T-shirts. LIMITED TIME FREE SHIPPING! Free to join.
Seriously? :D i dont have a credit card or I'd get it. Lmao.
Industry Tuesday's wed las Vegas most interesting man and you already know this weekend is gonna be fucking
Did anybody else just notice on College Game Day that the GSU Panthers logo is still in the endzone at the GA Dome?
UPDATE: Our happy hour at #drupa starts at 16:00 today hall 8b
Finally got to meet in person with and
ya for sure, did you get my txt? wasn't sure if it was the right number
hey guys, just a little update: we will be finishing our Deluxe Edition very soon after the holiday season. We wish you all happy holidays!
Awesome! RT You know you're an ultrarunner when you think of a #marathon as a great
You can't rush perfection.
you're welcome handsome, thanks for the follow
I appreciate the follow
Of course I'd get sick on a Friday.
We usually do post speeches online. But it might take a few days. RT : is it going to be written and shown on a website?
#Contempory #Baltimore #LISTE indubitably worth checking out.
My mama needa hurry home so I can leave !
Good news: email inbox down to 10. Bad news: to-do list is now scary long. Oh, well. TIME TO PACK MOAR.
Welcoming our newest followers and Thank you and happy Friday!
Blu monkey in hollywood tonight. Big network gathering roll thru
Maybe I'll start being nice to you when you stop treating me like crap
Really? Boo!
. Writers study writing, engineers need to study engineering -- OH supports this. (I make the same argument re:videogames)
Happy NFL Draft Day! A lot of dreams coming true today.. Hoping the Pack grabs some good picks!
I'm so tired just got home from school ! haven't been home all day ! I'm so tired ! >_<
Watching and loving PBS Kevin Clash creator of Elmo. Love watching dreams come true.
You are right. I really do love my job. Thanks.
i try to get along with my brother but it's just simply impossible
So easy to do both, why choose? RT : Would you rather sip on a Pinot Noir in the Willamette Valley or a microbrew in Portland?
Hey #Austin! Get your EVOO fix! is opening today at 215 Lavaca. Go check ‘em out, and of course, check in with
so finally it rained here in ol' ldo lol :)
i hate when people compare fort worth to Dallas, like you obviously never been to Dallas.
Smith: Class has not been well-served by intersectionality, it has been lost in some way. Great point.
#RonPaul is a smart man but he needs a wardrobe consultant. He looks like #BelaLugosi tonight.
Just saw It's officially
Been watching #JerseyShore for the past 2 weeks!! Best show ever! Can't wait for tonight:) Love u so much Snooks
today is gay pride in houston party on
My 6000th tweet was to you b
Oddly enough I agree with you.
Blog name: FargoNorthDecoder
A day off with the family incl - heading to Tillamook and of course the cheese factory, a double scoop cone is in our future!
RT if you sometimes muster an attitude and come at someone with an "AS IF!"
Votto drives in Stubbs on an rbi double. Reds now lead the #Brewers 2-1 in the 4th, still no outs.
Just 5 more & this #yeahwrite55 virgin will have read 49 other posts! An emotional rollercoaster. So many worldviews; so much talent.
How much would farmers save if they didn't put a sticker on every apple?
meant a.m.!
ATTENTION people Is personally following her new followers and will follow u please follow her shehas the mostinspirational
haha too bad 4 me Amber ;)
What's your 80s Thursday song request? Tweet it to or stop by the desk!
Yes. Don't fall for it!
Tomorrow night inside Aquifer #PressPlayTuesdays With Dj Roy and Eric In The A.M! 2$ wells and 1$ Tecate
more rain, more rain
" WHEN A BITCH REPLY "OK" STOP TXTIN HER OR U BOUT TO SOUND THIRSTY #ThankMeLater It's not thirst, it's extreme enthusiasm.
Good morning :)
thanks for the RT..fascinating session today.
OMG, whut?? o.O I am entranced and delighted! Thx for the link! *hugs*
What a beautiful day in LA <3
If you want things to change in your life, you have to make changes
sending out a ROARING welcome to Riley Reiff! Welcome aboard!
Everytime I lay in bed all day and do nothing, it feels like a waste of day.
#geniefairt2012 report : #usnatarchives room203 still quiet, desks avail. mad rush not occurring 3 pull times to go.
hi! Thanks for following, great to connect!
haha im a spy
Oh, and a full day of work! Have a great Wednesday!
yeah but thats how i roll baby thats how i do it im just going to take it easy tonight no big plans
At least the Black Eyed Peas actually sang live last year...?
Just got news of Dick Clark's alleged cocaine overdose in his bathtub. It is rumored that CIA agents supplied the drugs. Condolences.
Opening Day Today!! Go Padres!! Come grab a panini to-go on your way to the ballpark. Mention this ad and get 25% off your panini.
congrats :) Never Say Never, right? Have fun at the concert(:
model practice and fitting this weekend! Saturday, April 9th at 4pm!
“: "You ready to go campin' tonight brotha?" #workaholics #campout”
I'm so excited about flying to Philly to see tomorrow that I think I'm going to cry! lol
Awesome!! You'll have a blast!! RT : I'll take the table!!
Wine and cheese
Ah!! #newgoal - teach you Spanish!!!
If you have any additional questions or require assistance, feel free to tweet us! Happy Early Birthday #HauoliLaHanau!
<3 Miss you too.
asics running shoes will help the knee pain. Number one running shoe in Runners World.
Hanging out with my two boys talking hockey. They are home on a week break from playing juniors. Miss these times.
oooooowwwwweeeeee smells like 16 more days to Los Angeles!!!
New: China's Currency Reform Vol2! Until Nov15, receive 10% off your order with code EPPPROMO201110. Visit enrichprofessional.com
pretty good :) whatcha up to hunn
not really still the same
": Del Harris & Leslie Neilsen #NBACelebrityTwins"< don't call me shirley.......
HAVE A SAFE FLIGHT!
Pulling for Ernie Els to make the top 3 at bay hill so he makes the field at the Masters!
sup with the kid? Where you?
"Through that service,The one who gives,Also receives."
The cast of has been all over DIFF. I hope you got the chance to see them on the red carpet already.
thanks! I did make it back with some help from 5hour energy
Omg is good to be in my bed thats so much fun
WTF is wrong with #twitter ? i follow a friend and it automatically unfollows them 5 seconds after.... O_o
Your welcome Janina! Thank you for the #ff~! I shall read that message right now!~ :-)
Hahaha! "Oops" said the cop!!!!!
lies you are beautiful everyday my princess
no problem. I am happy to hear your enjoying it. Next try Headwaters IPA from Victory it's awesome. Have a good night.
WTF do you not know what a stereotype is????? OBVIOUSLY THERE ARE EXCEPTIONS DAMN YOU
Hi Interesting article! Do you think #tech based #learning enhances #learning among students?
funny tweets already!
Stream #hot97summerjam2011 on your iphone or iPad w CloudBrowse!
Total Recall: Victory at Sea Summer's almost here, and you know what that means -- from now until Labor Day, the Earth will be in near-co
God morning
I spent a few nights around Wellesley. I'm a BU boy myself all the way! Didn't meet too many harvard women in my day
no, you are! lol
<<you're welcome. Thanks for the thanks!
All I want for Christmas is a 14oz. teacup of treble and a 5000 ton Bass Gorilla.
you have extra tickets for this weekend? (am i reading that right?!) How much?!
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
Chris Brown performance is like watching hip-hop Q-Bert
that sucks friend...sorry
Two things i love in life. You, and the free promotion site on my profile. great for follows. follow4follow?
Driving in front of Obama's motorcade. Hello, Mr. President.
it is so big dog
Follow me on instagram at: 😝
definitely! much needed - i know that would have been a big help for me when 1st navigating
Follow one of first 200 followers will win $200 gift card. Second chance to win $100 gift card 12-31-2010. We follow back.
Going to the #BVMCarnival :) I hope it doesn't rain :o .. Chicken Fingers right now :)
Thanks so much! RT Hope I Week is going well at Ball State.
Loving it!! RT : oh man - now craving Sprecher and a float!
And I, Tony Randall.
Sometimes saying "DUH" right to someone's face feels really good. In, like, a super indulgent and adolescent way. Good nonetheless though.
8. Refuses to spray the air freshener in the bathroom
Uh... has that ball landed yet?
So Annoyed!
Watching Tin tin for the first time- gorgeous
have you seen it yet? Incredible documentary. Really inspiring for the work I'm doing now.
its good to be informed. We are frustrated. We don't understand his actions, we are constantly confused by him.
having feelings sucks ass.
We meet again my friend. Go #Pack Go! RT : I never like you
And don't ask the library to collect textbooks. We don't have the money or space, just for starters.
thanks bet
I don't care what anyone says, those are still cute.
PDD on this great Monday night.
welcome to the funhouse :)
<3 love you boo. thanks for the kind words! :)
How come every Friday home game is a debacle from the start??
#favouritelyric I'm not sorry for the things I said, go fuck yourself if you can't handle it
Exactly why i'm glad I have younger sisters :p
thank u soo much can u pass it on
thanks a lot!
yes just heard it on #WAMU -- huge funeral procession
517 had mechanical issues, wound up being later than the 419, which got overcrowded and had to leave people.
- we love you too!
Hahahahahaha welcome to college!
How did the Packers and Giants win the last 2 Superbowls with game changing drafts picks!
a crit? the whole street? no way!!!
Reading William Lindsay Gresham's carny novel NIGHTMARE ALLEY -- "the fairgrounds changing but the sea of upturned faces always the same."
Thanks so much!!
so im a box now lol
Happy Mother's Day Chicago! What are you doing to treat Mom extra special today?
if your a directioner go follow :)) x
Spot trending now in , : Pizzeria Uno - Pizza (live updates)
Whenever I hear the song 'Rumor Has It ', it reminds me of (:
We just updated our song
17+18 = 50 right? and everything else like that
Man the shit females say
Pointing out my flaws doesnt make yours go away, it just becomes more apparent how weak you are, & how strong I am.
Check out , my professional profile on Facebook!
