I dunno. But hey here's the #. 571-213-6650. Hit me up!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 10
Historic #Midwest #crop choices = durable, storable for shipping cross country. - Mark Muller.
Try our newest bar: our very own organic Milk Chocolate Bar. It's absolutely delicious, and of course beautiful, too!
: "Thanks for the offer. We're currently looking into our use of SSL certificates." Let us know if you have Questions
don't hate on my man
Is the game on
buy a crappy house, fix it up and live in it! Let me know when you're ready! I got'cha a few here in Atlanta!
Foot hurts just as bad as it did when i sprained it last week... :/
Missed the first half of A Walk to Remember. 😔
I love the sun coming through the windows! Especially on Sundays.
Good night twitter loves! I hope everyone wakes up to an amazing day with lots of positivity!
If you rap or sing RETWEET!
tell all of your followers to follow me ok
Fair tonight !:D hell yeah !(:
Tom Russell Canadian Whiskey mpg
see u there!!
You are my sweetest downfall.. <3
and, my day is made.❤
going great thanks! sf > la meeting > denver...can't wait for one last run up in the mtns with / updates coming!
All the videos are finished and are great. Randy Rogan (), a true pro! Thanks for everything!
Connecting with my super over burning trees
I didn't get a dime why should I endorse it???
Caught The Green Hornet last night. It was decent Hollywood fun. Not an award winner or anything just good pulp fun.
What happen to maturity if your not gonna respond to someone let it be known don't let them sit and wait that just rude
Look out for Broken Kingdom movie, it rocks! If you use the super useful IMDb.com, you can track it - new trailer and campaign coming soon.
I wouldn't call it that. Thought you'd make a cool guest...Ranella thought so too...not sure now.
says, "Why are we still awake?" I reply, "There's a lot about Katy Perry's life that I need to know." Goodnight.
Being an only child is awesome, I'm not even gonna lie. Not because I'm a spoiled brat or anything but because I've learned to live alone.
since u can change the musical arrangement but not the words on a demo, do u judge the demo on the lyrics only or the whole package?
an outside company haha
Wow, The end of the world & the end of Slim Jim commercials. Too much to absorb
we are gonna celebrate 30 years of LA soon so you already know.
I don't care who the president is as long as I get my food. juice. partying.
Grassfield vs. Greatbridge senior night girls soccer game.
ready to get out your summer clothes? Ready for a great tan? new organic formula delivers flawless natural results call today 4appt 857-8278
Oh I've never seen snow sadly .. /:
In the dead of the night, shot past 2000 registered users... up, up, up we go.
Happy to! All the best to you too!
Take a little walk in the country with me<333
cant wait for Take Care! ima get it that day! who!
one of the nicest flows
100 degrees today. Spanish Fly pool is packed!
Working on this track with and !
What a week! #FF for these awesome people on the move
Us too! RT : Getting our #Foodiechats on in Miami!
i officially have no more braces baby!!!!!! My mouth feels so weird
yo thank you for rocking out tonight! You killed it!
Geeked up of them bars.
I love how you act just like your bestfriend does now that you aren't going out with her.
scary indeed families sleeping in cars standing guard at the emergency room. 60 minutes tonight was straight depressing!
Ladies named sheila piss me off
"It's been a long time...We shouldn't have left you with out a good tweet 2 tweet 2." Hey #TeamFreedom were back on twitter and we missed U!
thank you. Happy Mother's Day to you! Hope u are getting spoiled today. ;-)
will you be my long time guy?
Follow us onm Facebook!
DWade looked like he wanted to fight Kobe when they asked him about the foul in the All-Star game.
tomorrow is shaping up to be a great day! Steve-O, smack off, #SOAM2 , and facts! #eargasms!!!
Out-memed by the tumblr staff at #mw2012. It's on.
I think writing adequately about the Holocaust couldn't help but be intense.
watchin these bad aas children like really doe
Thank you. Happy to be included here. :))
"Library" connects us to the world around us, before us, and perhaps ahead of us!
Yo bitch gt no arms but would.swim threw the ocean 4 me and no legs bt still run threw mud for a mac#young little
shii i cuda came tuesday but was too lazy. ill c if i cud come next week thursday iA
What's ur favorite WWE Finisher? I have a few favorites. 1 of them is the Stone Cold Stunner
Make Sure you follow
Bob Barker taking in his trash cans stopped and pet my dogs. Yes they were spayed and neutered.
Ewww hotter than the devil's panties! !!
RT I wanna see you on DWTS next year! =) <<<shirtless
The Soviet Red Army struck fear in my heart when I was a kid. Nothing more intimidating in sports!
thanks! Glad you liked it
hahaha WE NEED IPHONES. but somehow I will let you know..I'm sure I'll have enough time though!
not that I have a stake in either game, but sucks to end on a missed kick. Sorry,
Retrograde ejaculation (ejaculation sicca, dry orgasm) is the propulsion of semen from the posterior ...
Where the H. have you been? I miss the crap out of you.
tell me about it. I was the assignment editor at NY1, blocks from Times Square & I worked that night
chicks from modern family
Missin the caddy, lol and man do i fucking hate ppl on craigslist
he will always struggle his hands are too big. His hands are like a 6'10 guys hands.
LeBron James would beg to differ.
Never get hurt when God takes something off your hands, it's sure that He leaving you empty handed to received something better.
I would take it all back
there arenno Ugh's in early morning workouts. Only woo hoo's
Another night wasted i might say.
#2011 bout to come to a close... N I'm still standin
i hope that Harry Hamlin gives me a free sample of Depends
Good luck MIAD seniors on thesis preview tomorrow! Can't wait to see what you all cooked up...
definitely it's been months since acting class for me! Hay maybe we could go see a movie or something? ;)
I had deduced that from women's use of unnecessary construction "I think that." Training myself not to, but accept social cost.
look to Dr. Ma Zheng, Henan University. She was the first PhD in Gibran studies in China. Publishings from conference to come
Defense please please please please please please please please please 140 characters doesn't allow me enough pleases please please please
Today serving breakfast sandwiches like you wouldn't believe plus the Parisian Omelet, Mulligatawny soup or Crispy Chicken and Apple Salad.
need hat for this weekend!
haha!! I like how the episode didn't drag out announcing the winners for SOO LONG like all reality television does these days.
We are seeking a #wordpress #webdeveloper to assist with our websites. Email us if interested
Audi vampires released before #superbowl. Worth a view once - good call playing on vampires
I just want to wake up next to you.
Two things I feel people should know. 1. Poppeyes chicken is the shit. 2. If you own a square etsy has some neat cases for them
So late but on my way to #duanereadevip!
awesome! :D
#show Magic Mike posted with White House Pic send ur thoughts
Off to mentor
Come tmrw I'll have short hair again :)
haha i agree!! Oh so what about tyler and caroline? Will she notice?
love is soo much more than just a word
I'd rather have a life of "oh wells" than a life of "what ifs"
we gonna spend a million in puerto rico now!
The economic impact of MIA (airport) is $26.7 billion per year.
thank you! :)
makes me want to apply for a research grant to study pooping and relief
Pound it
The first Harley Davidson motorcycle was built in 1903, and used a tomato can for a carburetor.
LMFAO changed his shirt!!
Just started using Let the addiction begin!
btw, great website on education in Chile!
stay safe brother, #Irene is nothing to mess with! She's a force of nature
My ticket is booked. Donna is booking hers tomorrow.
Every time someone RTs me, I'm like, "Are we friends now?"
Delany's book "Blake: Or the Huts of America" is a novel abt escaped slaves who go to Cuba & start a black nation
I Need A Reason To Go To Sleep Not Because I Have Nothing To Do But Because I Got A Family To Feed And We Don't Live Forever.
"Everything is always created twice, first in the mind and then in reality."
Firefighters for Labor sign in tractor window ... They're everywhere!
Klay Thompson and the Warriors will go for their fourth-straight win tonight against the Celtics.
Go big or go home
“: Who's not going to Love tonight?” Me lol
baby ill treat u like a princess<3 because i was raised by a real Queen :)
Category 16-b winner is WGN
Was up bro. We shootin at 5?
This Pokemon strategy site describes Gardevoir as the "sexiest Pokemon in the game." Competitive gaming, everybody!
Headed to USC this morning for 's graduation. I am so proud of her and honored to be here to celebrate.
and I are debating dark side and light side of the force philosophy. We are such dorks. :-D
Why are men like laxatives? They irritate the shit out of you.
I have one and love it! RT : I'm getting ready to mess around with this Kindle Fire...
Oh Better Yet Brooklyn Carter lol
a new sunny day has come and i gotta make new plans,xoxo :)
lol @ november...its turkey month and black friday month polos here i come
Miami vs OKC tonight =Finals Preview! #nbafantreat school on he needs the lesson.
I have to pack tomorrow B/c Im off to tulsa friday at 3:30...
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. That's why you have two hands.
And talked to Merra last night
Great show + gerbil impression
hey criss! do u talk to those who have webcams too?
Get ready for #behindthescenesoneill it's one of our last rehearsals!
Thanks (: Nice Seeing You Sat!
Nonios, the No. 4 horse, is really thrashing in the paddock before Derby Trial. We are now 10 minutes late to post.
awesome, glad to her you enjoyed it! If you guys get one setup I'll do my best to get up there for it.
me and biag got in a huge fight. it was bad.
I don't get it?
Packed house at AFP waiting for Santorum in Milwaukee. at least 1000.
i though tmobile enabled 3g for some iPhone users?
Crypt walk in a flipflop
I swallowed my gum . . .
John Howe’s pin-making machine patent model, on display , is 1 of the oldest surviving auto production machines
I will be impressed if Carson Palmer is sussessful with the Raiders. Ususally, it is where the careers of veterans go to die.
Waitt!! Ms.Lee got her car keyedd????
My sisters are my hearts and brothers
Denver clinched a first round bye in the Sun Belt Tournament. DU will open play in the quarterfinals on Sun., March 4. Opponent TBA.
You should definitely go. The new Spiderman and the final Dark Knight look pretty good as well.
Ok just making sure RT : yes :))) just sayin
Steve Martin sticks out like a Boner in Sweat pants with Racal Flatts
If you're an artist there is still time time to submit to FreeTulsa! Over 150 bands will be there!
#simplyspoons is amazing :D
Man those Canadian NHL teams must be so proud. They are all home- while teams like Phoenix & Nashville battle it out.
keep in mind that what great damage smokers inflict on 2nd & 3rd hand smokers is hopefully the next step . monday the ads will commence .
RT : Today in 1885 Congress held a joint session, including PA Ave. parade, to commemorate completion of Washington Monument
I'm sorryy D:
Goodmorning!!! The only thought I have right now is gaining self-control.
I wonder what type of trouble imma get in today ?
i love you Scottyyy!
Nice. I've driven past that place a few times. The El Rey was pretty cool - good venue for a Gambino show, definitely.
I know right?!?!?! That's Kelsey and I are talking about!!! Haha I KNOW SO MUCH FOR US NOT LIKING THEM!!
Bitches Be On My Wood Don't Catch Splinters Hoe
I don't have MC on the pc can I get a boat ride instead :D
Virtual hugs to future medievalists, who are medievalists now. I mean: is there a test for this?
Boys Baseball Senior Night!
Infidel!! I was just watching Achmed on TV :-)
RT 44 of my Facebook friends changed their profile pictures. My life is fucking insane.
I was thinking after I sent that, I hope I wasn't offensive. Don't mean to be. Since we do, tho, we try hard 2 be humane. :)
the only reason I know you is because you followed me a while ago. We talked like everyday until you unfollowed me :(
1 final tomorrow and offically summer.
Going to shoot a show at Boston Neighborhood Network called #LalaLand and I'll be the #TechnialDirector #BNN. Get in touch with your show!
"Bless us Lord, this Christmas, with quietness of mind; Teach us to be patient and to always to be kind"
haha i know!!
How many does he have?
Yes, I know it too. So good.
beautiful day :) im not lucky im blessed ;)
well obvious.....
i thought you were somebody else! Omg so sorry!
It is so freaking windy out there. Crazy weather!!!
Sorry Atheism isnt our established religion. We all think our beliefs R reality. I thought smart people could disagree Hmm
Niggas not real
Wow #Titanic its been 100 years! Live on forever!
I'll email you the details. Congrats!
Finally starting to really eat again. Virus's stink... :/
Hope it turns out well! =)
Thank you for your support for this logical step.
awesome blog The thought of you ripping money just made me wanna throw up. Maybe i will just give away. GL
Dont commit suicide ! Please!
#reenvisioningnagel and a few clones of myself, then maybe I'll be able to handle it
actualy it's a #JUICE hahahah!
Teaching my favorite course at #CanSecWest. Awesome class learning interesting things about reporting and analysis.
HUGE Congrats to & all the rest for advancing to round 8 of #PFB2010 !!!
I miss you already!!!
I got a good night of sleep. Got up, played D3 for a few hours, stopped right before they went down. Been a great day. ;)
how would u like to proceed?
Haha, no. At work we did a Calcutta auction (wiki it) and they were one of the teams I ended up buying (as a package deal).
Pretend it's someone else then.
sustain a goal of gain bury the pain & wish it never got so insane lol we sure did make it rain.we had such a time even tho we so were blind
can someone explain what the disagreement is about? All we hear is it was an "unsignable contract." Why??
I was @ that show last night. Deniro was very quiet as always
I think this change makes a lot of sense. thanks for the update!
Excited for the return of the kid tonight? We have everything to make your party complete. Stop by and get your last minute supplies.
#somday will follow me. never say never
Gesellschaft would be familiar to people who played Mega Man Legends ....
my design for my hunger games shirt is complete. totally original. other fanatics will be hatin'. fo sho.
lmaoo my bad bro I forgot when I got home. Ill check now
If you'er interested in a Free Zumba class contact for more information!
he's my dad, so pretty well. _Emerr: AltPress Do you know Groundskeeper Willie? twinatlanticap
Geez, is there anybody semi ethical left in this profession?
Great job on the news. Do you happen to carry the new balance rainbows? My wife lives the asic gel 33's.
God I hope the 2 players are yuneske6 and hart
I need my lifelines right now. Annoyed. Irked. Anxious.
Damn, that sounds delightful. See you soon!
thank you so much for the RT!
Love is the key! RT: An open heart opens doors. ~
and all played amazing tonight!!!
Do it! Sounds like he's really really into you. I think you should go out with him.
Fall seven times, stand up eight. - Proverb
im finally on twitter! still learning the ropes ;)
Let's go spurs!!
heyy girl! Do you work this wknd?
you posting all your graphics from this yr?
IF YOUR NOT THERE FOR ME BUT I'M ALWAYS THERE FOR YOU MAYBE YOU DON'T MEAN ME ANY GOOD
This week is off to an amazing start.. Massage, chiro, gym, hip hop, friends, loved ones, and spontaneity
Can't sleep! Up thinking about ideas for the buyout! January is right around the corner... Stressing!
Got my I voted sticker! Remember when we all used to just vote and not judge other people?
No more drinks if I get tired of wine. I'll drink water.
pretty sure my sister is on something
For those of you that haven't clicked on the "Like" button on our Facebook fan page we would greatly appreciate your support. Just click o
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE REP role in Wesley Chapel ~$15/ hour email #resume to
What are your doing up there? The floors are squeaky as heck and your like running a marathon.
46 days until FL and the beach
Yet to be added to the site, but we could email them to you =)
I'll set a place for you at my table in hell.
it's a most no backing out we have to get on all the scary rides okay I just got pumped up talking bout it bro
Dont dip into my Kool Aid.
I wonder how AUG 5 , gone take place .. Mm.
Thanks, Michael! How did it go?
RT : : ?? What do reg. ed. measurements look like? CC:
wont be satisfied til i reach 7 digits
Having a good day so far, hope everyone else is
Do you file your own tax return? Keep us in mind when filling your return!
Greenfield annual meeting, being held in the auditorium. Much bigger than the admin center meeting room.
Tickets are still on sale, but hurry before they're all gone! It's on 3rd Sept! go to gigantic.com/bigbirthdaybash for tickets
yesterday was my birthday and u didn't say anything.it was the worst day ever
right next to chachi & behind Pauly D! Like when Pauly's on the screen, look to the left :)
lmao!! As long as ur safe! They left me in charge of my store today for 9 hours. Glad I didn't burn it down, lol!!
New York fucking city!!
then she must have something very important to say.
Lol.. Im not in love for the record.. That was a song
what up send me some pics
We will try to get to England soon!!!
He's your idol.
what's going Monday sis ???
Free financial advice Facebook is about to go public supposed to be $80 a share …buy buy buy
Confidence knows there are no unknown obstacles with God.
Game 3 in Salt Lake City #Spurs vs
consistency is the key to your success to your business or product ....if the consumer keep seeing it they will eventually buy
Plays will start during MLB season, sorry for the wait!
What are the #Broncos chance of making the Super Bowl now that Peyton will be the new man under center?
Dom, Now you need to make sure you introduce him to me so we can make sure he protects new deal....BD
I absolutely love the taste of pear juice. Why don't more places make and serve pear juice? (Theory: It is prohibitively expensive.)
I think you've been hacked
Thank YOU! Such great links today!
Sounds more like fun then work to me!!!
Thanks for the follows. Have a great week
Rested up from an excellent weekend. Looking forward to a great week of work at the !
Even more...you don't hate MEN! You like men to be men, to take charge, and do MANLY things. Girly men do not register with you.
is at the bar w/ Nick and friends for Nick's bday.
Glad to be your bestfriend meanie
tried some of your food Thai food and it was delish and the Quesadillas were amazing:)
I sure will! xoxo Thanks!
Skipping the weekly LOVIEE this week. It will be back next week. Don't forget about the Houston Fringe Festival.
Hope you liked it! RT : Missing Oscars excitement to see staged reading of Angus MacLachlan's Abundant Acreage Available
Looking like tonight isn't going to be our night. 6 sog and nadda. Ps that penalty kick was a crap call. Sad loss but much love to
If I die, a few people are going to be very happy with my 401k and basic and supplemental life insurance payout.
Rambo is moving to LA! #AprilFools .... or is it?
in bed, saving energy for tomorrow. Where r u?
Behind on all my thank-yous to my new follows. I'll get to them. But I'm dashing back to my writing work now. Just had to pop my head up. :)
RT : The language of friendship is not words but meanings. ~Henry David Thoreau
let it be
This Sunday is the Counter Culture Festival! (www.dcconspiracy.com) Also working on a new animation project and other freelance projects!
What's so good about picking up the pieces?
Tues night we were sitting by rowdy #Brewers fans w/our kids and the staff was great in calming the fans & giving our kids stickers!
SS Howell among Bills free-agent rookies - Buffalo News (blog)
Im Back
Never pay full price for a drink again! Happy hours nearly any time of day near u: www.gotime.com - and on your phone: www.gotime.com/mobile
not sure I agree with you re video comms being the future of social. no one uses facetime and video chatting is private not social
Napolian dinomite in fourth period. Just ready to leave.
here's to the mahomies who have seen austin grow up and love who he is.♥
I will be sure to right now! www.facebook.com/pages/Hair-by-Ashlei-Tabor like me on FB
I feel bad for the Arby's spokesman that he also has to sing the jingle. Like they downsized the TV ad and gave him more work.
thank you for everything. especially the things you don't know you did for me <3
its only a matter of time. You can do it!
no worries babe! i know lmao ! sorry :(
Check out Courtney Stodden's new single Reality on iTunes! <3
Big plans for me in the future
Value your relationships more than your pride. Because your pride will bring you nowhere. Love with all your heart and with all your might.
Keen-17 Christian TV has 5 churches on the air. They get it! Yet, There are more than 600 churches in Las Vegas. All I can say is it's sad …
I need to get more followers
Sitting in the woods!! (: because I'm that cool.
We're recovering from last night with jalapeno cheddar biscuits for brunch, you should join us. Brunch until 3pm.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!
follow and please :D x51
I'm sorry for abusing you and
My iPhone is my life.
o well ok
oh, well I agree with that claim. Kids addicted to tv/video games & parents don't give them the freedom to roam like the past
Get 20% off ALL GO TREK USA summer small group adventures for cardholders for the month of April!
I think I want to get a #samsungnote!! :)
In da house of the Lord as usual. Possibly will b bck for 3'o clock services...
- Thanks for the follow!
2 more years of living in Texas and then I'm going to move to Cleveland! It's going to happen.
would be melted... Way.
yes I had a blast Saturday night! Good seeing you...have a great week and don't be a stranger! Love ya!!!
Today I met my first american friend in south america from Fort WorthTEXAS.. :]
is not a powerhouse.
Way too tired and don't want to work today
After sleeping on it, I don't want to waste any time hating on Weeden. not crazy about it but it is what it is. should be a fun offense.
Love wins every time and we still fight it.
Hello new followers. I appreciate us sharing our thoughts, links and other stuff. Thanks
LOVE YOURSELF,THEN YOU CAN LOVE OTHERS
#Follow Back
ant nothin wrong wit it lol its gone take care all yo problems
Great passing! #Badgers 's blood pressure is up right now!
Great watching #kodm on iPad from comfort of home on #springbreak. Thx & frnds! Q&A for is fascinating.
You are a perfect little angel and don't you forget it. And thank you, it was nice. One more birthday dinner tomorrow night. :-)
1.5 titles. He inherited the best team in the country for that first one.
me son.
Seeking Friendlier Skies
: She splurged on orange drinks!
Just saw your beautiful but sad self on the news :-( love you big time and hope everything works out for the best xoxo
Quote: "Aye Lemme Tell You Somethin Real Real Quick My Flow So Crazy And My Flow So Sick"!
We will be there. Looking forward to hearing u guys ROCK it out! (:
sandy of all youre years in the majors, what was youre favorite moment in youre playing career?
I know! No one can get enough of me;)
Whos Starting An Album!?
Dear John, A Walk to Remember, and Hannah Montana The Movie are on.. WHAT TO WATCH!!!!!
Ah, Brian Eno, Land of the Minotaur. Thanks, You Tube. ;-)
Feeling conflicted about resume gate.
Love that airport!!
Just copped a Fifth of #BLUEDOTCÎROC for my cousins. We bout to Celebrate
#CompendiumInnovation begins again! Kolaches to start = win
Because of what you have just shared?
95 degrees today in Vegas. Everyone come on out here and enjoy this weather. And bring some money. Please?
Cannot stop laughing at #Justified. the writing tonight is great and unusually hilarious. what a great idea to star dewey crow in an epi
I admit, shiny, artistic covers are something that can't be replicated in eBooks. I guess their schtick is multimedia/transmedia.
You would think so. The Mob clearly doesn't have controll over the airport.
RT : Beat the drum loud (and long) enough ...and you'll be heard...
My mind is everywhere but where it needs to be.
Did someone say DJ Flex?
Are you a "sales warrior?" Then you're a douchebag.
How Do You Tickle Yourself -_-
#ATL #Atlanta #karaoke lovers --> Follow us on Twitter -->
congrats to on a well deserved contract extension now on air getting ready for the kiss 10 at 10
love it!!! When will it be released?
sure that would be great! Maybe Teaism?
haha. Profanity laced words.... in a deadsilent office mind you.... its good foreplay to hoping for a parkinglot brawl
RT : The more you think about problems the more you see and the more unhappy you get. Seek solutions.
Adams: McClatchy's legal fight to get C&P data led to changes in the VA's FOIA system
nice! Got a friend who lives there... he loves it! Congrats man. Just another reason to make it out there some day.
Awww thank you so much gf I miss u SO much!!! We must reunite soon!!! <3 xoxo
me too. I didn't know I wanted to go until I started reading all the tweets
Thanks for the FF!
I guess what I'd like to see is stats that show what percentage of an MLSs subscribers use #RPR that much
Friday to Friday - Corvallis Gazette Times
what happen to the tt ! I have nothing to laugh at !.
#4FamousWords I got the food.
HAPPY.BIRTHDAY TO U. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO U. HAPPY BIRYHDAY AUSTIN. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!! Hope u hve a great day :)
awesome event today luncheon! thank you for always bringing the #inspiration!
No. Sleep. For Lindsay.
Getting ready for the wknd!
Featuring Win free DiGiorno pizza Listen @ www.whipofcords.com
If you get lucky, you'll get to see the finished product
I want to see The Dictator.
sounds like a sample from daft punk? maybe?
If you have a strong or high energy breed of dog it�s advisable to keep him mentally stimulated and well exercised
can gay guys follow u? cuz i swear i speak female...
As a preliminary step to the real practice of good will, let us simply recognize that imperfection is our common denominator. -Manly P Hall
Don't be afraid to be unique or speak your mind, because that's what makes you different from everyone else. - Dave Thomas, Wendy's founder
Went out with new friends last nite. So fun!
I LOVE shopping for my family and friends for the holidays~~~
This weather will get you sick. Bundle up today!
Who's theme song is that!ted dibiasie how ever u spell his fuckin name
This couch is just too comfortable. I wish I had Jeti power to bring my computer to me. I try the force but I sink more in the cushions.
I live in a fantasy world where I create the whole damn show
Starting my rap career.
sometimes i forget my last name while in the process of writing it
Smart artists connect w/fans, give them reason to buy. They dont need "protection." The unadaptable deserve of nothing.
You're Mexican? Ahuevooo! Gringos .l.
Can you name a broadband network that was built without government help? I can't.
Just picked up some propane for you guys tonight!! :-)
I love that NSO is performing Sibelius so much his music is moving and brilliant. Thanks
If you're working on a gluten free story, let us know. We can help!
7 walks for the Giants. First time they've walked 7 times in a game since Barry Bonds walked 7 times in a game that one time.
Hey there. Not much new here. I'm still heading down the neverending rabbit hole that is learning DSLR video & photography!
thank you!
If the White House Correspondent's Dinner is nerd prom, then #PowerPlayers Jeopardy has to be Homecoming Week.
I could on & on... RT : If the power goes out I'm going to scream like a tiny girl because I hate the darkness
I'm in LA until Wed 4/18 : (
"I believe one of the hardest things you can do is conquer your fears, but if you have a goal,
Who like Raquel?!!
hahah I love it :)
happy 4th of july twitter family =) should be makin it home this afternoon!!! Pool party then Tempe Town Lake to watch the fireworks ;)
You have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince.
Wow this kid I went to high school with legit looks like a serial killer now 😖
Sunny day in NYC! Good morning everyone!
Nice seeing you tonight, boys. You rock.
thanks! have a good one yourself!
alight I'll be there in a jiffy!!!
My SU degree is in Pol Phil and I have a JD from CUA in DC, where I specialized in communications law. And it is a great org!
weird stuff is happening
Wow tysons now has a combo mcdonals and citibank. Didn't expect that brand duo
Quit hitting yourself, quit hitting yourself!
Seriously black honda civic!?! U wanna have road rage at 4:30 im the MORNING!?! bAH!
My birthday is in exactly 1 month :'(
Flyers didn't skate at all at the end of that game. Didn't deserve to win.
Review of Dimensions T^n Thus Far
gets to see dance during Michael Jackson: The Immortal Tour this Friday here in Pittsburgh .. I'm kinda jealous
Great, thanks now I can't get the image of dancing in the clubs out of my head!! Happy Leap Day :-)
#GoodNight all, gotta long work day tomorrow:-/ gotta make that money
Lord Almighty God, I am yours to do with today as you wish. Only please grant me courage.
Oy vey. My call log does indicate I called you. ;)
I'm thinkin of a Masterplan!
haha... i think he's dead ! like your frog that fried ( ;
Ok You rock your rep...which is #awesome !!
#FOLLOW Please!!!
Wow! We just checked them out and that would be quite the duo ;) Thanks for the info!
Life is what we make out of it
Keep on dreamin even if it breaks your heart
That depends on the source of the definition. Nearly all survivor orgs call it rape. Legal definitions vary.
I cant even eat a dam 6 piece wing....
mykel :)! Cool seeing you today!
why does your name sound so familiar?
srry i kept going back to sleep. My nite sucked
No more Mr. Semi-Nice Guy.
Hotel pillows feel like I'm laying on a cloud
In 1961 Stewart Udall became head of DOI and demanded NFL Redskins integrate or risk eviction - their stadium was on federally owned land
blue moon is pretty good...don't be sad about it :)
Little Carter is fighting 4 his life. Help us support him and his family www.knowledgesafari.com - click blog.
Italian Wine class next Wed June 8th 630pm $30 per person! Call the cheese shop at 612-278-4422 to sign up!
nice story by the king's speech director
RT : running into all of the amazing people I've met through Suffolk university.
Atleast ghost adventures can keep me entertained.
..oh :( RT : being real, i be having so much fun just chilling alone i could give a f less about a friend. I'm just saying
I swear, I have risked bladder infection for avoiding some disgusting situations.
Time for 10pm milkshakes with yeah its that kind of day.
''&&we'll become silhouttes when our bodies finally go''
Congratulations Matt Kuchar on big win at The Players Championship! Legendary performance!
nah not yet still in class rite now
hearing michael kay's voice just makes me happy.
Don't underestimate the power of corporate synergy.
It Begins! Pumped for march madness. Working from home has its advantages,
thanks 4 another gr8t season!! : . says: I'm so sorry about #TwitterJail wanted to be w/ you until the end!
Your at a WW on your day off!?
#Packers backup is best possible situation for Colt McCoy. Tailored passing offense, low pressure behind Aaron Rodgers, under Mike McCarthy
You're not fooling anymore :P. That does look kinda cool though!
Summer come faster. #Please <3
graduating papers & projects are due today. I wonder how many will be sent in just before midnight?
RT : “Imagine a world in which every person on the planet is given free access to the sum of all human knowledge.” -
Havent talked to you in ages :/ * sigh*
I know i'm guilty of this but white ass girls should not be wearing snap backs
Augustana Football on TV in Texas? Gotta support the Vikings!
her hee I'm so sorry!!!
Thanks for the RT!
" butt-naked "
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret
Well the basic plot? Facebook screws up peoples lives. :)
Md and the moron forget about Little Rascals and the US army mascot of WWI
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset that one guy
Getting ready for #legalchat - joins at 11 am ET today
Nope, not just you. RT : is it just me or r people not using the conf. conn. like they have in the past?
whats his twitter?!
Less than one week until #RECon12...are you ready?
thanks!!! No problem! :)
Through all the pain I still can smile . ♥
would agree a pause in conversation also warrants a listen RT : It's "Call Me Maybe" time. Just been that kind of day.
Thx RT RT : is a great person for you to meet I'm ATL He is doing his thing
I graduated high school 20 years ago? WTF 2012?!
Start your own vegetable or herb garden.
who Rule???? Raul Ibanez rules as he gave the Yankees a 4-2 lead with a 3run homerun
If using brain power burned calories I'd look like Kate Moss... It's still sore from all that thinking yesterday
RT : I hate when people say "HBD" as happy birthday .. people that say it like that are lazy af ! (never heard that b4!)
I love that movie! :D Its hilarious Ive seen it like 3 times
You guys are a regular Christmas Satan.
#latinos when was the last time you conjugated a reflexive verb?
ion know we pulled off.
The Middlesteins by Jami Attenberg! When can I start reading?
Tomorrow is March 1st... And you know that means!!! March Madness is right around the corner. Can't wait.
That fire you ignited good bad and undecided burns when I stand beside it your light is ultraviolet <33
Looks like has a copy of Picturing Personhood, which I saw listed on your Good Reads page. Can't wait to read it.
ever thus for human avian relationships. Even Zeus when incarnated as a swan had problems what can a mortal pigeon do!
Our teacher brought us cookies & milk, & now we're about to watch a movie. PERF
She said it, not me! (but it's true...) MT : ... is a wonderful place to publish. Such smart editors!
It's gonna be awesome watching all the youngins trying to stuff their vinyl in their laptops.
twins. again.
Congratulations Florida A&M on your win!
"You miss 100% of the shots you never take."---Wayne Gretzky Have a great day and I hope your weather is as beautiful as it is here in K.C.
Pumped for the Mpls #verticalendeavors Grand Opening Nov 12! Headed to St. Paul to get my climb on tonight in preparation.
That shower >>
Had bubble tea for the first time yesterday. It was strawberry and
“: any acts you recommend for students from this year line up?” check back when our lineup is complete. Thanks!
alright, we'll do it next week.
Lmao! RT : “ I Want To Go To The Rock Hall Today! And Find One Of Them Sandwich Stands Downtown”fat
thanks for the follow!!! :)
gotta be bayside for fireworks #4th of July
It's real simple, if you don't love her and treat her well, I'm going to.
Belinsky notes that collaborative storytelling can identify a stronger truth by utilizing a holistic perspective
This constant sneezing <<<<
Guess I'm not original. :[ Didn't think a lot of people knew it.
Hi my friend! Wonderful to hear from you! I look forward to reading it. Send it to Keep smiling!
Teams asked to notify the if times or days of football games changes by emailing info to . See updates at KUSI.com
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Did Obama just make the election a single-issue contest? Bigots, please step to the right.
ya my family is huge yankee fans so we try to take a trip to at least one new stadium a year
J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS.
thank you! Have a lovely day!
Teachers: " Ok everyone take out your notes! And try to keep up because I speak as fast as Busta Rhymes.
Sleepy goodnight
For as much as they charge, nothing should go down EVER..remind me only to do business with people of QUALITY and REAL service acumen.
$17 billion is a big difference and means we'll most likely have another budget crisis as we get closer to October.
Good god. Really?? That's just dumb. RT : Jon Jones is being compared to Muhammad Ali ... sigh....
do you know if we'll be back in time for 5th block?
Dude. "Gothic metal?" I'm not sure that's what MMs fan base is these days. But thanks for tweeting from the show
wow you have a lot of official people following you. this dude that produced for soulja boy actually follows you
The interruption quotient- are you creating a need. Are you getting attention.
lmaoo! this baby just farted! &it wasnt like a non audible baby fart it was a full out loud as fudge adult fart! thats nasty..
Talkking shit ? (: god ! I hope you choke ^.^
you can sell it for more than that
Hey, I heard youre looking for a girlfriend... Is it cool if she's Brazilian too?
Bladensburg public history workshop April 14, 7:00 pm, Anacostia Watershed Society to feature Battle of Bladensburg experts.
This was a "get through it & be done" match. Serve was crap. Berlocq couldn't pass him. Games were played very quickly. Tiny limp.
I love it when i run out of songs to listen and go back to Miley Cyrus, hannah montana,and disney channel songs and i still remember them xx
's Shawn Amos will moderate a panel at the Global Conference today at 11am on social entrepreneurs.
Mandarin Oranges are deelish.
Gotta ask -- is the profile pic YOU? If so, I have a friend who runs a gay leather bar in FtL...maybe???
watched hoop it up today like a boss.
Current status: Snackless in Seattle
get it off of his soulders.
Why do banks have like 20 windows, but only 3 tellers? Mean tease! U already know you're going to have 3 people working; build 3 windows!
i'll give you one if you make me a copy of that mix tape
Heck Yea! :D I'm stoked!
The warmest possible welcome to our pals at and the very best of wishes as you begin this exciting new chapter. Can't wait!
Guess I'll get ready for work now :-/
why are all my thoughts sexual?
That final "strikeout" was awfully questionable. I still don't think Ryan swung at that pitch
I got my mom a kindle for mothers day
This city is totally gay for Benjamin Franklin. And cheesesteaks.
Check me out youtube.com/gregtellis314 and subscribe
#tympani pedals bass line with #tabla. Three three minute #improvisations. Repeat as desired.
That's not to say that I wouldn't sell for a ridiculously large amount...then I could accomplish my goals another way ;)
he's being so sweet today. Totally cuddling and hanging out!
The tongue is the pen of the heart. Psalm 45:1
Thanks! Let's connect again next week....
Thanks for following me. I am following you now too. I'm single. Meow.
You should definitely hop on the Charm City Pedal Mill for a bar crawl through Fells Point, Bmore
I know they lost but they got those last threes
May the best of your todays be the worst of your tomorrows
oh well, I don't think I'm going. Haa.
Definitely two of the tops year-in and year-out! Are you aware of our radio show that actually streams out of Ohio every Thurs?
MT audience comment: "all digital preservation is physical preservation"
"Ordinary People" + "Lost Without U" is swoonworthy.
Was mistaken for the photogs asst at a wedding tonight. Treat your vendors right.
"Argumentation and Debate" or "Persuasive Writing and Speaking"?!?!
"best revenge is massive success" -Cosby
#Maxum deadbolt gives you assurance that your keys are fully protected from unauthorized duplication
that rat better start getting a salary & benefits; he's there longer hours than I am....
Ghetto ass nigger boy...I listen to rock, and I'm from the country. I'm not ignorant, or black. Good job.
good to hear its been healthy, more of it should be happening everywhere.
Love Is Just Another Four Letter Word!!!!
Maybe for Christmas I'll get myself a new alarm company...
Mariah Yeater could be filed for rape since as she claims "when they had sex" Bieber was a minor and she wasnt. What a dumb bitch.
SUM THIN GOTTA SHAKE
News leak: Joe the Plumber to receive endorsement from his twin brother, Mr. Clean.
#ff Def a #horror read worth doing! x sexy stuff out there...
im more pumped for 4/19...
I wonder who she gets that from? hm
The hiring sign outside Starbucks shows a bearded white man. Then a BWM was cleaning the bathroom when I tried to use it. Same man?
Happy #Humpday friends-- May you have an AWESOME Wednesday!!!!
nice seeing you last night.
I just read the first 2 Sookie books. Super fast, fun reads! And I love the show...
since i cant sleep i guess i will get up & get my day started...have a blessed day everyone!!
no prob! she posts lots of easy cool patterns all the time - and a lot are free. it's worth checking out
What the fuck was that?
at the flying carpet cafe 19th and poplar
went to a barcraft. I just wanted to watch some starcraft games and drink beers, but instead I went to a room full of misogynist nerds
that moment when you know your fucked
RT : CANNOT put down #MyTwoMoms by . If you haven't heard of him already, you will soon!
Exhausted! It's been a long 6 hour day. Especially after being out sick most of the week...
You can text me tomorrow. 202-277-0802. Or just flag me down if you see me! Red hair. Long sideburns. Hard to miss!
I dont need to literate... Books dont make money.... ipad best prices
All 4 were really performances; lyrical, sentimental; valuing "useless," "fleeting," "lo-fi" & challenging multimodality.
That's my catch. I absolutely can't afford school. At least not until I either turn 24 or start making more money.
List me #whores LMaoo
oohh yeah tomorrow is like a friday
Kevin will be playing Fountain Square this Sunday with the fabulous Vito Emmanuel. They go on at 7. Get there!!
ITS FRIDAY!!! CLUB DOWNTOWN IS WHERE ITS @ TONITE (FILMORE & CENTRAL) FREE PARKIN! $4 U CALL ITS ALLNITE!
if your looking for retail that is
~ Our pageant is June 13th-17th in Orlando. Love to have you join us!!
$ELEV looks like it could be one of the absolute hottest plays this summer. Why? Today's news speaks DIRECTLY towards a HUGE summer.
I'm all Matty's tbh(;
Ditto. #mnleg RT : This is the most unbelievable news conference I've ever seen at the Capitol. And that's saying something.
BrownRiceFamily performed at Messiah College in P.A last nite and that shit was Bananas, B.A.N.A.N.A.S.
I'm happy you guys are alright! :)
Excited to see if this one sells out, plus the Yankees are in town which will usually draw a crowd at Kauffman. Fun sports weekend
Idk If Its Just Me , But Some Ppl Be Gettin Old To Quick ..
Some days, my job is unbelievably great. Today, for instance, I'm spending my time reading Arthur C. Clarke and Asimov & calling it "work."
DOE Completes Field Test of Methane Hydrate Extraction in Alaska
I miss you too!!:)
#Wine Fact: Wine is produced by fermenting crushed grapes using various types of yeast.
- Have a great night!
Happy Birthday to Joshua Redman (43) and Joe Sample (73). You'll hear some music from both of those birthday guys on 89.9 FM today!
OMFGG! You are? Good for youu! ;)
You may not like to hear it, but Erin is your weakest link...at least from the audience perspective.
GO GIRL!!!
Ladies - rethink "borrowing" 50 shades of grey from the public library, unless you want a designer case of the herpes
Wait hold up wheres my ipad .. Both of em ?????.
Enough with the Winehouse jokes already. Have a little respect.
Yay. Bend It Like Beckham in Geometry 👍.
we just talked about random stuff haha we talked about his accent, my accent, hahaha
let's hope so--the American Spring? It's been a long, long winter # OWS
I'm not a Tannehill fan myself either. my feelings echo yours. I'm really high on DeCastro at eleven.
Music I love it so I tell my flow. Got my
Booked a voice over for a Brazilian documentary :-)
Marina & The Diamonds "Primadonna Girl"!!! #totaljam ✌
never too old for good music!!
Can't wait to "see" you! Drop by the booth to check in.
thank you sir!
Walk up in this bitch with a hundred grand, two rollys on my arm another hundred grand.
Loving the new #Metric song
It might be time to blow the roster up. That means Mauer may need to go. He obviously doesn't make this team better even when he's hitting.
trying to complete my weekend recovery cleaning. only 45 minutes to go.
Project pecs
wassup ! You're a cheap date dude.
Watching it. Love Exta Innings on DirecTV. Omar Vizquel still plays!!! RT : bottom of the 14th Hate free baseball
follow me
Awesome! You just made my morning. Hope you're having a good show ;)
please post! I missed your talk and am still kicking myself for it.
JLo is going on tour with Enrique? Nice knowing you, Casper. She'll be banging that boy by June.
Celebrate Family with PEOPLE LIKE US on Brothers and Sisters ...
"this girl! RT : aw<3333 i miss you too. thank you for being great"
Kinda wanna buy a bar.
I hit follow limit then twiiter told me each account can only follow 2000 users unless you get more followers, it let me follow 2001 :)
ahh you're the closest Arianator I've ever talked too lol but I will deff cheer for you :) and mess with Devils fans haha(;
I'm going 2 sleep so goodnight :)
Take the keys to my heart and drive me crazy.
I Keep Myself In Check Thank Youu -_- RT : Dimple keeps the team in CHECK!
Today is #ThomasJefferson's birthday. He introduced waffles, macaroni and anchovies to American cuisine.
my bad bro hell yea!
song go hard
I got "Young Stallion" instead of "Punkass" today. That was pretty neat.
As soon as we can get rid of our keyboards and mice, we can also say goodbye to our cubes!
Well, you've always got the, "meh, forget IE" fix in hand if need be.
The Houshmandzadeh, Palmer duo is back! Watch out!
No shit! proposes to in the middle of a Dupalcon session. Makes for an interesting Q&A...
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL because their humor and smiles are infectious. <3
Back in LA, now its time to face the jetlag.. -JetLi
yea they can get pretty big but im kinda short to lol
you need to go to the game doesn't look like many people where there. #Brewers you have 3 more chances
That's right. GW is The Decider. Judges are merely deciders. It's really quite simple.
RT : Happy World Blood Donor Day! Celebrate by donating!
Y all of sudden I can't wear my moccasins to school hm?
On the InfoDesk this afternoon... nice to be back in reference - it has been a long summer! :)
all you need to know about the Nevermore Jazz Ball is that we love St. Louis and we throw one hell of a kickass dance event
this picture is for me and only me.
I admit it. I am powerless over creative pursuits. I am a junkie with no desire to get clean. You do NOT want to see me dry out.
PP BOYS LETS PUT IT AWAY
What's everyone doing for the superbowl tomorrow? Any predictions?? :)
“It sometimes happens that a woman is handsomer at twenty-nine than she was ten years before” ~Jane Austen
Blue raspberry (;
Good luck to 's Alma Mater, , as they face off against Vanderbilt in tonight's #NCAA matchup! GO CRIMSON!
I'm trying to go to #vegas for my 21st bday. Anyone have the hookups?
I hope had a great birthday
That is so cute! I want one! Lol :D
Sometimes i feel like i never had a mom....
My family goin in lol can you say gin
Well, our staff is teensy at the moment. So if you know anyone who wants to write, kick 'em our way.
Great workouts today bro, way to give 110%. Can't wait till arms tomorrow
How you feeling chica? Do we need some DM time?
I wonder what chief software architects and enterprise architects do at other Fortune 100 companies.
Shoulda been washed my hair already.. Im being lazy as fuck right now
Why me and my mom just cried together is beyond me. RIP mamaw and grandma 
everyone of course , but you :(
RT : is time to go to bed and chill. maybe order a icecream from the room service and sleep...tomorrow we play against Canada!
Just excited to get us all prepped for Chicago and make the pilot the success it deserves to be! RT Soon she'll be running NBC
They should put #Braun and #Hart in :)
&& did just text you hoe .
Don't let chubaka get the ball
GT Events is at CES! Look for the slick guys and gals in tuxedos and dresses!
"Competition is a matter of spirit, not strength"- Guthrie
thanks for the mention, definitely give us a call!!
Soo frigging bord need more texting buddies !
"The interface just works" That's like the magic words!
the internet has turned into the place for both information and misinformation, more than ever one must question everything
Can't wait to see and Mark Burch today.
Fair enough. No argument there. I live in Kansas. :)
Had a great Mother's Day today tnx to kindness of hubby's ex-wife who ensured I was included in today's gathering with all her grown kids.
Fascinating evening listening to talk about his passion for collecting records, and the stories behind them, at
My mom just called me and asked me if I wanted Burger King or McDonalds, uhm okay :-)
Wearing a Buzz Light Year band aid....
If u don't know how to drive in the city then don't fucking drive at all..
My mom is so trippen
I'm not even close to half the people I was close with last year and at this point idec , it's their loss anyways lolol
There is an iPhone ap for Directv DVR. Pretty handy...but if you have and iPhone and DTVw/DVR, you already knew that.
u say it bruh FAKERS!!
ah some relaxing time before i have to be the mom taxi...soccer ...vollyball man i tel ya hecktic
Looking for data that indicates what states lead in edtech. Any ideas?
Limited defender. Plus hurting.
is there any other way to spend it?
i was talking to this large mother she home schools her three children
RT : If you want a quick snack before class!// : Merlindia sails to AU for a late bite ~New Mexico & Nebraska, 2:30-5:30pm
$10 will get you $20 worth of food and drink at Bobanna's in Waukesha! Head to www.crowdclick.com to get your's!
Good Morning Pittsburgh! Did you know today is the beginning of the Chinese New Year? Tune in to #PghTL @ 9am for a 'New Year' surprise!
lol nah I've been sleeping & sleeping & sleeping -__- I'm still sick
Working my sisters job while she can't >>> #bankin 💰💰😁
No matter how hard I try not to get spaghetti sauce on my shirt, it always fucking manages to find a way there.
RT so are you pimpin...or counselin man-hater hoes? inquiring minds must know...
What time are you playing Thursday? I'm finished around 10:30. If I get out in time will try to head down.
Awh, well I am glad you are reading my blog still!
I know u better than u know urself, LOL!!!
Website update coming soon! We've incorporated QR CODES! Find FREE DEALS in your City via Text-in for instant coupon, or SCAN the code...
No new REEL to Reals?
I will say, the new voting machines at the SD Registrar of Voters are pretty cool! Touch screen, easy to use.
#Soyuz delivering 102 tons of thrust
Update! Construction on the new tennis courts gets into full swing at Ellenberger, Douglass and Krannert Park this week.
Keep up w/ these fine composers
Posted up in Cali
although if Someone Saved My Life Tonight came on right now, it'd probably be a toss up between that song and the onions...
I'm sorry colts fans I'm gona buy me a Denver manning jersey cause that's how much I love you Peyton manning :)
Why do them lakers like dat
Heyy Garrett!! Hope you are great!!!
if you're not you should follow & now...great peeps...
"It's easier to make great strides than small advances"
yes! In LA & SD if you wanted to come down. I'll Email you.
RT : The next 50 ppl who follow will be entered 2 win a $50 gift card to Jake's Restaurant! RT for an extra entry!
#fail on the hotel, Maps, # fail on the route.
My MLB season goes year round, but I'm in the minority
ruhroh! Sorry! I hope you feel better and can rest. Can I bring you anything??xx
He who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence. ~ William Blake
oh somebody got in trouble!! Oh
i hope you stopped eating then lol
Good idea; I'll put misspelled form in a note. (It's clearly a typo, since the normal spelling's used everywhere else in book.)
Apparently going to be riding on a plane with a very bossy little girl. Who, so unfortunately, speaks English.
no, seems to be clear here. Just a short bit of excitement. How about you?
Here's a provocative idea: if everything a museum does is education then is nothing education?
season is over in November. I'm glad they overacheived in the first place. Collapse is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
This makes me ridiculously happy. California!
you're joking, right?
im disconnected from you :'(
Signed up for my LAST fall semester classes! I see the light!!
I guess we're all pretty self important when you think about it.
I thought about way to much last night .....but it'll be alright (:
"Hatred eats the soul of the hater, not the hated." -Alice Herz-Sommer
When people just SPAM SPAM AND SPAM <<<<<<<<
Be prepared and research your ideas.The more prepared you are when the doors open, the better the chance you and your business will survive.
See you all at in less than TWO days!
RT : I am more than my circumstances; I am the powerful creator of my life.
“: Big ups to keeping it cool down in Miami. Good guy right there” let's get it in
Kardashians spotted downtown. They'll be working the game. The world's largest jumbotrons will be supported by their asses.
Man I hope I get a mayday basket :) that was fun when I was a kid.
Injustice could be eradicated, but human conflicts and natural limits can't be eradicated.
omg my mom is such a bitch I hate her! Like even when she's being nice, I hate her.
One important feature of Twitter is that I'm not supposed to feel like I have to follow u just cuz I know you. You're thinking of Facebook.
he has no other choice haha
Point taken. (There is probably an unladen swallow joke in there somewhere but I am too tired to think of it)
Thanks a lot! May i ask...who's the one on your icon?
You're never more comfortable in bed than when your snooze alarm goes off for the fifth time and you have to get up.
lol but you love the brothers though
COLDPLAY CONCERT TOMORROW!!!!!
So disappointed in myself.. #SOsad 😣😢😪😞
the amount of unnecessarily large umbrellas on the street this morning is astounding, seriously people
Northwestern bball has just missed 9 of 10 shots but football just signed Kyle Pratar. Go Kyle. Go Cats!
I'm liking Roger a lot more since he dropped acid.
#Raw is incredibly lame for hosting the muppets, like really...
Loll !! I just to ask U 。。。。R u a silly guy??haha
There's a reason you have been dreaming of teabags...
I like that
jealous!! Hope you have an amazing time in Sao Paulo!
's cover of You Da One is my favorite song from #AngelsAndGentlemen <3
girl b E.z I said I appreciated the concern..
Ah. So close yet so far...
Fun fact: Mitt Romney attended Cransbrook Academy in Bloomfield Hills, Mich. Same institution as Papa Doc of the Free World clique in 8 Mile
Plato - When there is an income #tax, the just man will pay more and the unjust less on the same amount of income.
If I could get one of the scholarships, I would. Next year.
Missing my bestie at school
Kant wait to hear what u wrote
I'll have to look for that next year
And i get to go with my loves!
It's the weekend, ladies and germs! Made plans to come see us yet? We have awesome deals and crazy steals all the time.
Most definitely!
a rut
Now partnered with Butler Tech Police Institute. www.policemountainbiketraining.com
Must not, I agree w/you RT : Do coaches not teach to curl off screens anymore? I don't see players read their defenders correctly
Bought a beautiful dress to wear for my BFF's wedding in January. Thank you Macy's. And seriously, it looks gorgeous on me :)
WOO. No school tomorrow & Fridaayyy. :)
syllabus for the Interp of Artifact in Age of New Media course we tweeted about earlier is now done. You should take a look
Going to school.
Quick detour for #Starbucks. Wish it were 3pm for Frappucino Happy Hour! Better grab a latte
I need to go to sleep
Looks like Jay Cutler's protection failed him again, because Kristin Cavallari is pregnant
very cool, Nick!!
as in "we don't need your stinkin' reviews"? There's gratitude for you.
Love to tell people 2012 will be the best year for humans it will be the year 2012 is going to people a loving good year for people to live
Sitting in srt knowing you have work to do but ill pass and stare at the wall.
nice work Drew, love the Barbershop logo!
Betancourt, you suck
Good morning! - Steve Tj Jesse Keenan
Yes but needs a dash of Pinochet “: #DRC: new PM aims for 15% GDP growth in upcoming years. Can he unlock its potential?”
O.M.G I AM GOING TO CANADA!!
fuckk that im literally just sitting here.
I hate that every time your name lights up on my phone, I fall for u harder. But everytime my name lights up ur phone, I'm just another girl
Thank you all for getting me #OnDeck. Now to work & add imagery for my art portfolio...
marketing isnt magic, there is a science to it-Don Zarella
I just want to sleep.
Okkei then don;t xD but thank u btw ... :)
I'm back! Hehe miss me??? *evil grin*
aw wanna chat? :)
i love wale's new album amition. the songs i love the most are sabatoge, and slight work
so over this wedding project
GTFOH!! White guy robs the Five Guys in Georgetown....I mean they do have good burgers...damn....BOLO
"Children are one-third of our population and all of our future"
I remember my first FaceTime
The canner is officially out of it's winter hibernation. Cans of Louie's are coming off the line today!
Coffee was good, yes, and very helpful!
I feel naked without a phone...Leaving my charger places just isnt cool
haha no joke!
Where is it?
Testing, testing.
❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Metally dating my crush.
It's so pretty outside this morning!
#808Pride i dont no how the poeple who make dirty tweets have more folllwers than those who keep it real :( come on
can u please follow me back!! I would make my day! :)
wow! Are you done with the program or just for the year. Congrats either way. YAH bless!
I'm still going to eat my feelings in cereal, but they are a different kind of feelings now.
Clemson star Watkins arrested on drug charges
A RELATIONSHIP WILL NOT LAST LONG IF ONE OF YALL DON'T KNOW WHAT U REALLY WANT! !!
I'LL FIGHT YOU FOR THEM
what are you talking about?
I like it when people are nice.
Confession #9 I like attention sometimes but on a realistic tip i wanna be cuffed mfs just ain't worthy
As a food pro, what's the best food-related April Fools' item you've witnessed?
Whats your favorite form of entertainment , plase keep it PG! thanks
Oh man, it's those a-holes from Texas!
Share out notes with students in docs and give them access to comment - great side discussion takes place
It was 6:30 am church, so he may have been like, "Nobody's listening anyway..." Or I could've been way groggy, because again, 6:30.
So tired. Nap at 10 at night.? I think so..(:
Enjoying the Ville, with family for a long weekend....waiting on any good CBJ news. Come on, Jackets!
Use the code GOBBLE at our shop to get 20% off your order of $75 or more! www.etsy.com/shop/fosterweld
Has anyone used the DocScanner Mac app? Need an int'l travel scanning solution. Reviews please...
Every black person gone BBQ today
Being a creative entrepreneur involves seeking and embracing the beauty in all that's imperfect. -Me
UGH!!!! FOURTH TIME FOR THE GEICO COMMERCIAL!! ENOUGH ALREADY!!!!
Sweaty. Hoping the rain stops so me and cloves can go for a hike ("hike")!
which is why I am bringing what I am bringing for you on Saturday...
aw shucks, how are you lady?
would be sweet. Especially if I could skype from work!! Haha that be awesome!! Set up next to the cash register and watch me work!!
overheard at Indiana Statehouse on last day of 2012 session: "That bill is deader than Whitney Houston."
Can I come? RT Don't worry concert will now be in 19A RT : Too bad Hurricane Irene is gonna ruin it!! RT ...
the things we do for Austin<3 lol
As I guessed, lol. She's also gotten a lot of speeding tickets.
It's definitely part of the neighborhood!
Jay Cutler was not invited to the Play 60 shoot. Appropriate.
#WeDontMissSelena we really dont I love however made this trend(;
hello. i am sitting down at 's house. exciting i know. follow me
I refuse any type of customer service that requires me struggling to hear
Poor captain eo
We're excited for big BIG things happening with #CabralEdwardsMGMT in May! Stay tuned all month for details :-) We're so excited!!!
come on CARDS
Thank you for noticing! Have a great weekend!
haha well I'm sure he didn't want to make the drive alone, when will you be back?
Wolf Cub, this is War Eagle. Over.
The consciousness of loving and being loved brings a comfort and richness to life that nothing else can bring.
it all good sugar britches!! as long as your not out offering people bible passages
Steve Jobs' calligraphy teacher courtesy of Sumner Stone. fb.me/IEvkFNnv
hookah! That's it, after i run this race, I'm treating my clean lungs to some tasty smoke.
#Roy-Bhattacharya, The Storyteller of Marrakesh. Scherezade mixed w. Rashoman in exploring the disappearance of a foreign couple in Morocco.
Welcome to the twitter universe, now we have a whole new way to connect ;)
excellent pens game so far. excellent first day of classes for this semester.
Wooden shoes too? Black paint on the bottom, quick ride to get cleat alignment line on paint then bust out the nails
Didn't think about that. I'll chat with her during my next appointment.
Not feeling this Vince Young shit.
wow! That was actually the first song I was taught to play on guitar!! (: oh memories..
How do you change the perception of libraries from consumption to production?
Woohoo! You're the bestest :) I'm still gonna hold you to meeting up one of these weekends!
How is a telephone like a dirty bathtub? They both have rings!
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself
Country music puts me in the best mood before i go to sleep #💤💤💤+🌵🎸👢📻=☺
Having fajitas and chips and guacamole and salsa with NinNin.
Everything that shine ant a dime
On many levels, yes. Data models may or not be as complex, but render-ability over time huge issue for both worlds
Happy Monday and Halloween, all! Hope everyone had a spooktacular and safe weekend!
RT : Maria Gomez : For every $1 invested in services $8 are saved.
Lessee: God takes MCA at 47, but insists on leaving Justin Bieber to continue to foul the Earth??
how should i begin this hoppin outta benzes jumping on this track like a mofo gymnist.....
omg....its hella tiny. ABQ here we go!
Happy birthday to
I let people learn the hard way.
I don't run my next race til after 3 😒
I hate everything. But mostly myself.
Everything is so surreal..
Never met Nick Collins but heard he was a good guy. Sad news. Best of luck to him and his family.
horse hockey
Mark Cuban just yelled "This league is fixed!" Both LA teams advance to round 2.
Got a new drill video coming this afternoon...
be nice
at least im not like ian, who licks the air when he burns his tounge.
Hearing scary noises when in bed in the dark 
And now the 95 is close cause a car went agains A train guess who won on Hollywood
There should be transparency in donors to campaigns.
fleet and broadway
Ha! Yes.
There is only 1.3% of Latinas in Congress w/
I guess I'll go to this Syracuse game tonight and see what all the hype over the 2-3 is about. Syracuse is a
Why is everyone so fucking upset with me tonight? 😔
just fuck with the galaxy lol much better my nigga
don't even know. Deleted the email.
Finally get to leave the hospital. But nana had to stay.
CELTICS!!! Already missing my boy, Posey
The carrot kimchi I made is finally done fermenting. It looks and smells horrible, but it tastes perfect. Success!
Sounds good!! Ill make sure she is hungry. Then she will walk circles in the kitchen :)
FOLLOW ME PLEASE PHILLIP! Your voice is great! :)
I don't even notice anymore.... sigh
I know it's such a conflicting character. Now I'm thinking about it!
Two words that would never be in a real cowboy's breakfast: gourmet and berry.
Loving all this buzz about webfonts. I can't wait to see what they come up with!
“: I FUCKING LOVE MUSIC!!! yes im yelling it. sorry.” I CAN'T HEAR YOU!!
We wanna see ALL of our Miami fans at our show at Sunset!! You get a discount from Hot Topic!! AND we'll be selling 2-song demos for $1!! :D
My AE undies are starting to be big in the waist :( they are xs. This is an issue.
Today in the design studio, we're learning all about Bob Barker's famous "skinny microphone". It's work related. I promise.
I've been alright... just not much to say.
okay, i seriously am going to die, i NEED my phone
"This is the death of the mind." -- critic Harold Bloom in 2011, on the increasing number of Yale graduates flocking to business careers.
I'll pass through it again on Saturday. I'll do that then.
Need to find out if majoring in international PR requires taking a language
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other. Erma Bombeck
Thank you to actress for being on our last live Tuesday episode of of the season!
My class is being observed and filmed today!
back to twittering
U r damn skippy, it's #CaliforniaRepublic all day everyday. what's Game?
is going in on about Newt Gingrich and his ex wife's open marriage confession interview. Get em Tamron.
Megaton got paid!!!!
lapunknoir.com buy a tic and see us live.
If the police say someone is "legally intoxicated," what's the problem?
doing well. Nothing to complain about.
nice tank!!
Any man may be in good spirits and good temper when he's well dressed. There ain't much credit in that. ~ Charles Dickens
Happy Birthday !!!!
Great music every Thursday night now with Hek Yeah! Set begins at 8pm. Check 'em out!
Early evidence has surfaced which shows that the "Block The Vote" strategy is unfortunately working in Florida
I'm 😥 I miss my dutchie
Everyday i fall deeper and deeper in love with him no doubt about i can be his one less lonely girl
this is like being in disguise.
To do that, you must advance change, take risks and accept responsibility for making change happen
I always feel like an outlaw when Bon Jovi's "Wanted Dead or Alive" comes on the radio.."Regulators, mount up!!"
I hate to report it BALMY conditions and WARM continue for Portland... The weekend is looking the same! Dayton weather improv?
Man, I was hoping you were gonna say LET IT BLEED.
That's amazing Dale! Yum
a coug jumping out of a cake?
Another HOT day in LA?
Thank you for the follow! Have a terrific weekend.
thanks for the add
isn't nearly as excited about The Watchmen as he probably should be...
haha to bad I wasn't! I miss you all!
Well of course Kansas City. First #BernardKing, now #MarianoRivera. CC:
Do you think a stripper would care if you payed for your lap dance in rolls of quaters
Omg I know:( It's insane!
: Sometimes I like to put peanut butter on my thin mints. Don't judge me.
I've been REALLY impressed with Harren's work in this series. And...snow scenes with blood are just always cool to look at. :)
Doing my homework in the middle of the night, because I was too lazy during the day-.- #blahh now I'm sleepy:(
I think these Greenbay #Packer my have a good season in the #nfl # understatement
I'm bout to
Yes. Wrong.
fuck you, fuck everything we had, fuck the memories, fuck the lies, fuck every time i said that i loved you, just fuck it all..
ripped jeans and a skoal ring #mykindaman 😊
"Your brain should not work like a Microsoft product" -- nice line from new AALL Spectrum article on organizing your time.
Video games increase visual processing speed/perceptual reaction times w/o decreasing accuracy = enhanced mental rotation abilities.
I'm literally talking out of my figurative ass.
Hey gang, still on for Thursday? I just signed up for 4b in CX this weekend. DO IT =)
We get a lot of chatter about our "glass walls" between the shower and bed. What do you think? Sexy or scary?
RT BRA I love when women pass on good guys cause I used to be one n now I'm free to be an asswhole
Oh, that stinks. If I come across a nice quality video of it, I'll tweet it to you.
Do you know anyone that wants to drop 2-3 waist sizes in 10 minutes with permanent weight loss? No Surgery, No Diet, No Pills, No Exercise?
don't be sad dude
- Nice. Use a condom next time.
Was just offered Marcus Camby for Jason Richardson. Would you do the deal if you need rebounds/blocks?
Nobody cares what u think...
It is kind of lol but you still should. Are you going to make a video?
"The very discovery of the new world was the by-product of a dietary quest." -Arthur M. Schlesinger
MY BABY IS HERE
