My dog smells like Herbal Essences
I would!! DX
Laid back, with my mind on my money and my money on my mind.
My goal in life is to meet Betty White.
Great to see you here DC (or thereabouts). Let me know next time you're coming!
This historic year is an achievement for our movement, our people, our continent and the world.
“: Ohh. Gretchen. Finally I found one person I sing better than.” oh lawdy. Poor thing ;) Looked way cute though.
Agree! RT : Have to say, has some of the best examples I have ever seen in presentations.
Well F me if Die Hard II isn't absolutely riddled with plot holes. How did it take me 30 years to figure this out?
"But my breath fogged up the glass and so I drew a new face and I laughed" ugh look what your tweet did to me... :o
3 years ago I wish I was 3 years older, now I wish I was 3 years younger.I am never happy:P
Strawberry Clouds to help us get through the work day.
y did u leave the shore this past summer wtf!
8 hours of work then trekking to TN for ROmania
Let's go #Mariners!!!
We'll keep tweeting here and , most likely. All the info will be on TAG, though.
Dominicks and jewel have nothing on marianos
RT If I ever need to know what's going on I look on twitter
Thanks for the follow Matt! Much Success!!!
Gotta look at a cannon camera!!!
saw you on KTLA and we are very interested to know more! would you send us a screener?
Great point from ! “We need to stop interrupting what people're interested in & start BEING what people're interested in”
Come on #FDA, make #PlanB more easily available! Women have the right to easily access healthcare
Confidence is contagious. so is lack of confidence
Well good luck then.
#birtherblather New Hash I just started thnx to my friend Harmony for creating the inspiration
I finally finished unpacking my room
Hope the #LTDArmy has a great weekend! Make sure you hit us up for tickets to our show with Soulfly! They're moving fast!
Why do the window washers need to be so loud?
"The function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable." - John Kenneth Galbraith
A couple of folks have asked about wireless access during TILTS DH: hit up Matt Cohen or Lars Hinrichs for a code on Friday.
Thanks for dressing me last night! (Okay, that sounded weird.) You're Seattle's top model - and stylist!
With social media marketing, along with promotion, we can also make good relationships by sharing information regarding products & services.
Checking out some drum lines and bands on
crafting with friends. making your own designer duds is a great way to be fashionable and frugal!
We hope you'll enjoy our hometown! The city goes into full overdrive during #SXSW. Events 24 hrs a day for over a week...
swear I never know u profile pic, lol
I'm "wintering" in Tucson! Maybe/probably headed back to NYC for the summer.
Defense says William Balfour is "devastated."
it was great seeing you too! We always have the shortest visits haha
“: This is the third time in a week that I have seen with a goat - hm ;) ” no! The second time :)
theater is Back in action Tomorrow!!!
Charlie Sheen's Oscar Mayer ad: "WEINING!
but they know in *theory* how drip pricing might affect the market ...
Isn't that what google is for? :P
#IfBushHadGottenBinLaden we'd still be in Iraq with 150k troops and tanks enforcing an occupation based on lies.
No way! I saw them in Milwaukee recently, and they were stellar as always. Very different than two years ago though.
Dang, I missed my exit ramp, now I'm stuck in traffic.
Time for so
In case you didn't already know.. We have 12 different flavors on the menu every.single.day.
ok sometimes you should state your option in a good way even if you don't agree or like. Is that better
Congrats to SIMONE, you are this week's ROCKSTAR! Thank you for all your hard work and dedication to providing the best customer service!
Idk what college to pick
Pleasantly exhausted.
Good night and good luck.
craigs hashtag: you ain't the boss of me!
Music slammin ... watching the game bored af
has won two SCOOP tournaments on pokerstars already in back to back days for > 400k. Gross.
I am probably more excited by the fact that it's #Oscar nomination day!!! Can't wait to start watching movies like a boss!
cubs july 8
Immortals was garbage. If they used green screens for sets why did it look like they were having a swordfight in a one-bedroom apartment?
I need sleep.
that's an awesome idea. Do you ever decide to snatch a card out and rant about it anyways?
Hey! My band, Symfinity, is playing in New York this week (w/strings)! Wednesday June 8, 7pm at The Delancey!!!
Gotta pack early for #HOWLive, gonna be hanging in the NewPage booth all weekend. Gonna be fun!
Sec. Solis discusses the need for more summer youth job programs. Right on!
The Hill newspaper displayed prominently in HBO's "Veep" show.
We love Jeff! For our staff mtng he made biscuits from scratch & homemade jam from his #AnacostiaDC garden. Amazing doesn't describe.
Just started watching Being Human...not sure how I feel about it yet.
Having seen and felt the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end. -Thomas Troward
Wow I've been at the hospital for like 9 hours and nothings wrong great!..
Wow. 76 people in attendance! Yeay little tokyo supporters!
looking for some neon green sneakers..
Matt and I will be in Rockford, IL TONIGHT at the Hilton Garden Inn - 7:00 PM....
sure thing! Hope to make it out there for part of the ArtFest.
Tin Can with bite out of it Sticker
Loves staying on the phone with boyfriend all night; <3
Shout out to my traveling toothbrush!
Lol *the laptop fell of my lap* ''huge mini-heart attack'' I did a ninja move to grab it. IM SO COOL OMG:D
Watching some Netflix. 😃
and u dance like the iconic boys sinng
ride around and get it
Uh oh! It's tax time! Are you completely prepared??? Give us a call NOW for your FREE tax consultation! 866.854.5513
What's everyone watching this weekend?
haha the cakes taste good on your face buddy :) *giggles*
Even us dietitians need a handful of chocolate chips from time to time :)
it's insane!!!
Damm! Now I have to wait till February '12 for my SSI hearing. I've already waited from Dec. '07.
Daring to LO of YOLO tonight. Busted a u-turn and going on a spontaneous trip to WeHo.
omg me :3
Thanks for hosting us! MT : Thank you for joining us last night & breaking in new Visitor Ctr!
TODAY: Hardwood install and a Demo.
I miss Rochberg but his written words are with us with such vibrancy His was truly a MUSE OF FIRE (title of BIG fl/gtr piece)
Great to hear! // RT : OMG! Just got some incredibly exciting job news AND acceptance to !!! What a day!
There's a time and place for everything. Don't be so in a rush."
Wow Soto has been a disaster so far this year - BB
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years.
Check out Novel Writing Month! The goal: write a 50,000 word novel during the month of November.
Thanks! RT : Thank you for following me now following you.
Everyone is retweeting or posting nudes. Is that cool now or something?
Made Nashville & waiting to board.
Way to whip Lalonde's ass!!!
MO state puts in another goal. 3-0 with 8:56 left in first quarter
Do not lose your dignity ... For the sake available.
Thxs Kevin! :) MT : /Bob really enjoyed this weeks please keep up the good work!
Of course! We would love to do that. You can DM them or email, whichever is easier for you.
been practicing all day! tour is goin to be sick! check our myspace for the dates
... but the only thing you can't do is ignore them because they change things ... they push the human race forward." - Jobs
Wow! Sounds like you've had an interesting day...
haha I'm sure he will! and he'll bring selena gomez too!
I hate Mondays!
Without Wikipedia, watching television would be way less informative.
Mr. Paige, I have a photo you and I took together at John Elways HOF Induction in Canton. Would you sign it for me?
#fcbarcelona up 2-0 on free kick right before halftime!
i feel like i just got out
yes we should. Are you going to RCC Philly? We won't be there this year.
Love You Booski!!!
Applied for a ton of jobs and now am prob going to meet up with Sara for a run. I use to hate running but now I'm into it.
Wow! Was just calledup to the podium to speak on behalf of community for the "Men Reading in Schools"
no problem girly!(: & thanks so much :)
Do you notice if someone "unfollows" you? Do you know that there are ways that you can find out? LOL
Amen. RT : “I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.” – Michael Jordan
yay they got studios ?? (:
What do you want from me? I am just a kid that got in too deep.
I hope #oomf stops by tonight! :)
no, your like...gorgeous! Australia, you?
Browns offensive strategy: Maybe if we run up the middle with our third string RB this time it will work!
Don't let your ignorance spread like a deadly germ. Everybody souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.
RT Never hope or wish for anything. Make that shit happen
have a good time at rehearsals austyy :)
Lets go Rangers! Yeah, yeah I dont even watch hockey. I dont want to hear it.
Thanks for the follow :)
Get me off this bus!!!!
Isn't drinking #rawmilk a personal choice like smoking or drinking? why should limit the food choices a person make?
Our healthcare search practice continues to see an uptick in organizational restructurings
You know what there was a lot of at yesterday's CDN Summit? Cable.
no it doesn't. Did you drive anywhere this winter ...? There were cones & barrels everywhere still.
Happy #HumpDay It feels like a LOOONNGG week for me
I need more tats >_< ...I still see skin
You have a beautiful publication. I can't wait to dig deeper into your literature!
When life gives you lemons, you take them, say thanks, and makes some LEMONADE!!
i just hit him
We also do strip tease dances. RT : following is a MUST. Between the 2 of us you will be entertained.
First #rain in #sandiego in months. Who else wants a #slippery #wet #ride on my scooter? What kind of #wetride were u thinkin ?
Now here is something you don't see often, homeless vegans.
good luck with the national anthem.<3
The 2011 NY Comedy Festival line-up has been announced! Tickets on sale Aug. 15! We look forward to seeing you- November 2011!
Life is a rich strain of music, suggesting a realm too fair to be. George William Curtis -
Hi pls follow me :)
smh u tell me whr my lil bro at lol but he b with his bm he got two lil fuels now
#Fiero sighting. Wow.
hopefully not! And I want to go to the one either at the end of this month or the one on June 14.
I've got to start to like the song. Its easy for me to be creative if its something that I like. That way the mix wont be stale.
Would any of you fine professionals be interested in a short interview to help me out with a class?
Chocolate withdrawal.... Ugh
I really don't like when someone gets mad for some reason at all.
congrats Allen! WTG!
Preview 'Lady Gaga: Inside The Outside'
That was then...this is NOW...
There is ... a land full of wonder, mystery, and danger! Some say to survive it: You need to be as mad as a hatter. Minnesota or Publishing?
lol i never got no text
"My friends say im a fool to think that your the one for me, guess im just a sucker for love"- Love me by Justin Bieber
me too... lolol #random. for me, i think it's from dancing at that party, i dont know about you. haha
All 3 branches of government are SO rigged, the only way we can effect change is to have a conscious awakening among our citizenry.
Apparently I'm giving a presentation on #saa11 in a half hour.
Persistence+Initiative+Extracurriculars+Scores+Internship+Community Service+Leadership Activities+Courses+Essay+Interview =Top University
9:00. Great! I follow #HR on LI. Found her posts in #RacineProTech LI group. She 'likes' posts by others in
not much, how have you been?
I just named dropped you to hopefully get into advertising! Hope you don't mind!
I take it the Woolsey has made his re introduction?
I was creeping. Lol bye
Thank you! I'll be here all week.
Yeah I'm real curious to see what he does.JJ has his #12 tho!
Headed over to good old moms house. Looking forward to stopping in and seeing her
Thank you!
so, random though- your picture is gorgeous! how long did it take to do that artwork??!
What are your Armory Art Week plans on this beautiful week? Art is in the air... and we are participating in a gallery walk thursday 6-8pm!
Live tweeting dean's reception for the new mba's at simmons college... Just kidding. Ladies and their partners happy to be done with school.
Are you on Pandora? I'm trying to start an Acid Jazz following there.
someone needs to text me im bored
Inflation is going to happen! But what are you going to do about it? Most jobs on an average is not going to give you a financial increase.
One step closer to making our return to rocking out! I hope you can handle the DeadPro!
It's going 2B 92 today Lets make it Wild Ice Cream Wed All followers who show this 2day get $1 scoops RT 2 let others know!
What do you call a rich frog ? A golf blooded reptile !
wanna splain that?
Like I would be the happiest person alive if I met YOU GUYS DON'T UNDERSTAND
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. ~Buddha
"In this economy, we're all trying to get creative with budgets." If this means working digitally, don't lose your people connecting skills.
Awesome! RT : In case u were wondering, cheese survived the great blackout of 2011. Open for biz and just as cheesy as ever!
Can anyone think of other jokes about gay monsters? I'm looking for clever ones, preferably having to do with closets
idk is it of selena gomez if it is sorry i wont after war she did to justin
I love these glimpses of nature's endurance in NYC....
why ashley aint hit my phone?
my bday cuming up and I'm trying to see where its gone be at
Of course "Undefeated" wins an
I followed :D her
sweet! Driving 5 hrs to go see in Dallas on Nov 9th!!! 
Do you follow ? You should.
Someone did it today, in the trash SS#, CC# etc... Call us. We shred on site...
Here we go. Here we go. Here we go.
what ya gonna do for your bday, girlie?
Hoping to play at Wakarusa Music and Camping Festival 2012! Post on their wall to request Sabastian Roberts.
He said it! "Hatred is a very underestimated emotion. " - Jim Morrison
Thanks for the support! We really appreciate it.
Front Desk Friday: What the heck is going on? I just answered an insane number of questions about the #YukonQuest Sled Dog Race. #whyme?
Happy Birthday Hope you have an awesome one <3
Need help w / DIY Themes account! Can't find way to contact anyone there. I don't have login information. Email I reg with is not in service
AND in '09 I met them at the meet & greet! Super nice guys and I got their autographs. No photos thought :(
Vegan 101 Season 2 Ep 1 and 3 starring ERIC ROBERTS screened a second time today at LA Web Fest. Many thanks to all who came out to see it!
Those. Words. Unnerve. Me. So do 3-ball counts against Ted Lilly... UGH!
- I'm so jealous right now. You are doing one of my favorite activities.
We're Here Just To Change The World Basicly .
": Fallout 3 > Skyrim". I can get behind this.
where is the yelp booth? Been here for a while and haven't seen you.
Just curious! (Don't tell anybody, but I'm following Twinkie. Shhhhhhh!)
This is ny nightmare! I'm on a 3 hour road trip listening to Wade Fucking Bowen!
A modest proposal: Lower 33 Fox News commentators into the underground pit previously occupied by 33 Chilean miners.
#oddneighbors stop playing you tuba in the middle of the night stop working on your cars ppl sleep
": I swear all the angry people in the world stalk Yahoo articles and post rude and hateful comments." Omg! I think so too!
RT nephew : Hey American Airlines--you named yourself after our country. What did you expect to happen to your financial status?
you're also crazy if you really believe that! Beautiful isn't what you look like, it's who you ARE - and you are beautiful!
Mom is making peach knedlickeys
You killed it!
they were homies, tips was just really paranoid. Lol
Congratulations to : District champs with a 8-2 win at Turner. Moves the team to 19-1-2 for the season.
Emily> anyone else.
Watching the passaion of Christ on netflix.♥
lol I see that
What hurts more than losing people is knowing they're not fighting to keep me
Hurrah for the French - The Artist best film and best actor John Dujardin.
NO waistline + NO rhythm = Yo cyan dance...lol :)
Thanks, much!!!
Says no
I always fangirl when Glad you came is on the radio.
Hanging With Mr Cooper, Parent Hood?
Thanks for following. The album is available on iTunes!
I am great Thank you!! How are you?
FRI Dinner App Special: Pan Seared Sea Scallops with Golden Raisin & Pine Nut Couscous & a Stone Ground Mustard Butter Sauce
something you will never hear me say...lol
Oh my dee! JC.
Θ ̨Θƪ I am into this
What would you say if I spammed you? Would you RT me ;D lol. Idk.
Time to find some breakfast, take a shower and begin my day. I'm off to a late start...
Joyce Latham - Don't just ask, what do you need? Ask, what do you have? Celebrate and tap into communal assets
When it all comes down to it.. Who can you trust.?
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause you started to be a d bag.
whur u reside
,I don't think Peterson was cheating though,cuz he is the one who demanded the random drug test didn't he?
this is the 3rd time in 2 months for me... Seriously thinkin' about dropping twitter...
I wouldn't want it any other way!!!
Thinking about changing things up and not worried about the consequence.
tunks23 its definitely the stile you don't like. The beer is really good.
Where will #DJ be spinning next?
Pretty sure I look really haggard right now.
Way to start it off Rebels!!! Let's Run!
Hello Single Bella on who wants to talk to me
Happy New Year everyone!! New Years Eve & my Birthday! #partyy'all
We'd love to play Seattle. Stay tuned.
": Men who don't watch football... Straight #suspect"no cause I don't watch it..plus I dont wanna watch niccaz in tights
As a Christian watching over in the US, it was deeply moving to hear as well. He is truly Great and we owe him everything.
follow me dylan!
mikey<333. i would die if you tweeted mee. omg<3
Thank you for guessing!
You got it! Thank you funny people!
Ah shit, I fucking knew it :D
i miss you too! I'm most likely gonna come out tonight :)
#OWS Stay Punk Stay strong! However...fresh punks, can we tag some people that need to get home out? Burden sharing! New Concept! We love it
Thank you for following back! :D
what the what?!
aww so cute:) is he your boyfriend??!
Now starting: The LA Riots 20 Years Later in 515B
you should follow me :D
This junt I seen in tha store today tho<<<<<<<
N Ogden Utah preparing for Crystal Crest Awards at WSU tonight
The maid is so nasty a trick to be so old mama need to sit down
More Genji: "If only we were really in touch, how easily we might forget this dreary rain." Think politics and . . .
Im not mean , I just keep it 100 and don't give a fuck (:
Jeremy, I think it's time to schedule a photoshoot with Tom Brady (or Giselle)...I'm just sayin'
iPhone F****** rulezzzzzxxxxxxxxxxxx
O_o I see Tiffany wants to get disowned RT RT Congrats to all the grads!May u con't down the path of greatness!
No. 23 Gators hang on to beat No. 24 Vanderbilt in OT
No song videos but hope to soon. U have some video singing the song by James Morrison?
Expanding Mortgage Loan Sales Force in Charlotte, NC and NV. Contact me directly for adt'l info or apply directly. #mortgage #loan #offic…
Idc if its a short shift today I don't wanna go
Less concern about rankings, more concern about conversions.
that tweeted gaz is very true! and im trying 2 get to help you out:)
Lmaooooo at the goon that just tried hitting on
Happened again. Something rotten in the work-fridge and it turned out to be mine.
Our delivery special this weekend: If you order a pizza, tell us you saw it on Twitter & get $5 off a 2nd pizza! Call 521-9800
Needs to get back to working out. But needs energy first
Just watched a documentary on Jonestown.. So bizarre.
Finally made it to Vegas ..now starting my modeling profession
If the guy who made 1 million Wikipedia edits had a nickel for every Wikipedia edit he's made, he should still get a frickin' job.
how long did it take for u to get a grasp on XNA and coding?
BHO opposed same-sex marriage before he "evolved" into supporting it.
Instead of listing ideas on flip chart, can cut and paste chats into Word doc to save
KEVIN TRUDOU HAS SPENT A LOT OF MONEY TO KEEP HIS ASS OUT OF JAIL. HE IS A PARIAH TO YOUR AMERICAN GOVERNMENT. I LIKE KEVIN.
No responses to yesterday's theatre history question. We're reposting shortly. Stay tuned.
Ahh the pump ;-) : Push-pull #Jreps, -style
It's probably their Apple products using up that bandwidth! :)
What are you doing today to make not only your life, but the world better?
What a dunk by JR Smith shit was ill
Will adding engraving delay my new iPad delivery? Delivery date still says 3/16
Start your Labor Day weekend early... Join us for lunch! 3 courses just $25
Day in pictures: 2 May 2012
Good morning, Jay!!! Happy Monday!
Wish I could be there!
Welcome as our newest official bar reviewer. should buy him a beer since he's there right now!
Someone whose opinion I value suggested that ask twitter.
make sure to add a 4 in there. oh -- there is a giveaway coming up soon. I have a running co. sponsoring it.
lolololol that was a good laugh >:-)
how do you know her ? she's my friend from north carolina 😳
RT : A4: wife cant stand that I only read pres non fiction. I even analyze sherlock Holmes and cussler for HP
Sigh, how come 's RT and following everyone but mee :( :( I think he will never see this tho. :(
I like her sound.
This shout out is for my two new followers I just got to my first new follower and next to my follower thankz yall
So they get out in friday cant wait
#ItSeemsLike Kpop will never leave my life :)
Thumbs up on DS
I pass by this place every morning on my way to work and have been wondering about it. Now I'll definitely check it out!...
you. are. AWESOME.
Well, here is one viewer calling you out for being even handed and balanced toward both viewpoints.
I was just about to tweet..I know Cartman isnt singing I Swear right now! Lol
I cannot understand why or how the hell there is even a debate about this #cnntrayvon is America really still this racist?
since we have the same music interests, I'll listen to Mumford and Sons(:
I can't cope with how much I fancy luke brooks and skip from #thejanoskians omg
Lmfao, in my Spanish class me and my friends were making fun of it, so I put it on there. xD
austin!! Its my birthday today in my country! I don't think it is in urs, but can u wish me a happy birthday please? :')
Way to completely butcher a book! #disappointment #:/
Hey Justin u the da Man with mad talant and Awesome Swagg !! Congrats on your KCA AWArds U SO deserve them Congrats loveU!
Follow me back.....
thank you!
can't wait til midnight!!!!! Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie VOD!!
We are hosting some twitter giveaways at Empowered to Connect next week in Nashville. Make sure you watch out for our tweets!
First new client ever that has unknowingly sent me my own work as a reference for the work he wants me to produce.
Definitely some similarities!
Trying to find Bigfoot is my life long dream.....I wonder if i can wear heals?...
Dawes: criminals ostracized by society after prison not for their crimes but for confession, for speaking the unspeakable
This is why I love baseball.
Looking for gloves in all the wrong places
thank you! Don't worry about it I got it! they're wrong
When I lead she follows....
Follow me on instagram!! Rochellec33 I'm new, so wait for some quality pics!
thank you RT : was yesterday. love the food there :). i was way too full when I left!
Zagat's does independent coffeehouses a HUGE diss-service rating best coffee in chains.
trying to equate logic with politics is futile
At my school we have No Place for Bullies week and we have to find a saying and i put "Stare a bully feed your Soul" -VinC
Oh sry,we figured with the Buffini talk that u were in the Real Estate business.Completely forgot how universal his program is
#nowfollowing - nice meeting the team last night at event!
If you watch "Running Man" and you watch "Battle Royale" then you've watched "The Hunger Games".
Agreed. And he's THREE! Ew!
haha maybe one day we will, Vinny is my buddy , love that kid.
#Buck confirms roster moves for #Orioles. "We need more arms"
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. ~ Danny Kaye
Thank Grimm it's Friday!
was it the new Doo-Doo flavored Snickers?
Forgive us our trespasses AS WE forgive others.
the likelihood of me shopping for invites is about as possible as me needing diapers. in a word, hail no. ;)
I ate the best food in the world last night prepared by my friend laney while he was drunk, so goo
Wow, two #2 seeds go down in one day, what a great day of games even though my bracket is destroyed now!
I know! That makes me angry lol! But we got some big changes coming up soon, of you know what I mean. Stay tuned...
I'm wishin' you the best Pray that you are blessed With much success, no stress, and lots of happiness
awesome! thanks for listening!
Need to pick up my Max Payne game tonight so I can get my video game thug on!
*raises hand* i Hoe For Nickels And Snickers.
Nice! Glad you dig the tunes!
haha! I did pick up Steak & Lobster (on sale at Giant), so I am feeling fancy. Looking fwd to being on :)
« “The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply.” - Denis Waitley #FitQuote #Motivation»
Hug time.
God bless you!!!!!
I think w/ the money I spent at the buckle.. I could now own buckle stock.
Congrats! We hope you have a wonderful stay! Enjoy!
And as much as you love her and cherish the memories you�ve shared together, you know in your heart that the friendship has run its course
Anyone else have an INSTAGRAM?
I got mines, when are you going to get yours?
um who is ed sheeran
Kentucky fans are the best. Other people just don't understand
Isn't it true right now? RT : Listening to talk about how Twitter has become the 2nd screen for major events
more on that RTW story coming shortly ...
Already! I see ya homie.....RESPECT!
Getting ready for the Badger game........ If they win--maybe Ed will do "THE BUCKY". :)
Thanks for the mention:)!
"Run run for the puzzle of it all-for the child in ur heart that's taking all the blame." ::pale young gentlemen::the crook of my good arm::
#newyorkers get out there today! The weather's insanely BEAUTIFUL!
Kudos to you for rescuing a woman from a house fire yesterday. You ARE a true American Hero.
I know! It looks like we will miss each other with you being at the Phil Vassar show.
- Thanks, much appreciated! We hope to keep rockin!
What the fuck is wrong with everyone today?
Sizzle, baby, sizzle! You know you love McDonald's breakfast!
great #quote! "Successful people are simply those with successful habits"
agree, it was somewhat warm and humid this morning. Run in the woods is easier.
: you really did ya thang tonight!
Google Glass?
Tank? RT : Steph Curry will miss the rest if the season with his ankle injury, source close to situation says
I really want to watch the fresh prince of bel-air right now
Awh you're so cute !!!
Ok...time to get back to work. How am I supposed to finish work for my MA when plays more #HARDCORE PAWN episodes?
Hahaha RT : pajama pants slang for boxers? cause lets be real, none of us TNTers wear pants hahaha
“: You first :)” I'm into alot of sport movies like baseball, Basketball, etc and shooting movies :-)
Would you like you. If you meet you
Then I'm ok with reckless correctness. I won't cater to the "casual reader" if I have to say something I know is wrong.
ah, don't have a link, since it's just word of mouth i'm doing for a friend. but i'll ask if he does create one!
M copper oven. :D
my love, your dad likes that show too!!
Happy Easter and Merry Spring people.....BTW I thought of this yesterday morning..lol I eve made signs..o.O
Feels like someones stabbing me in the stomach, but yes mom, i'll go to school
hi everyone I have a friend male professional looking for a room for May 1st 2012 in Astoria or anywhere nice call Frankie at 3479247425
Tears are words the heart cannot express.
When you have a bubble in your head try to think of the bubble in the head of the person you're speaking with
The weather is perfect tonight.
After today, I am going to lock myself in my room until finals are over.
History says today will go great or horrible. I have not had insomnia so bad that I got 0 hrs sleep in over a year. There goes that!
When you do the best job you can, the reward is intrinsic. Compliments are nice but not necessary to be satisfied with your results. -Me :)
The more you give, the more you will receive ❤
that text i just got smh
If you have some hairspray then you may want to spritz your stockings to get rid of the cling.
#Becauseofyou I know dreams do come true <3
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW4
Don't think I'm gonna take a break with the questions...even if I have to come up with stupid ones.
I'll go with Froback. But I'm not doing the arm thing lol
no youre thinking of Texas
God I hate my life!!
I luv my followers
Just saw a status that said 'like if you have Facebook' These fucking statuses get stupider every day
besides the monthly subscription there could be deals with certain stores and/or ads. I gotta go grocery shopping today haha
Jersey Thursday!
Have a feeling you are going to be catching naps here and there for some time to come. Blessings as you enter the fray.
I'm excited to go home to some double strawberry ice cream...in a cone!
I think it's funny these large/legacy mobile players are filled with people with no follow through
TRAFFIC: Jack knifed semi Eb I90/94 @ the Badger Interchange
Thanks for the retweet of The Arts Fuse Classical Picks for May
So nice to meet you in person
thanks love! You too!!
welcome to my day pull up a chair and a cold one. Lol!
Thanks for the RT!!
Thank you, , for a spectacular performance tonight!
Headed to boston this month to see a long lost friend...That's gonna be a trip
Tweeting and updating tomorrow! I was asked to do a powerpoint on my idol and i chose Holland!
°o° New blog post: "Kidcot - The Case for EPCOT" at www.EarToThere.com/blog
huh? what's that? what were we talking about?
I don't understand you at all. It's crazy. How's next? hm..,
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 304
I need some weed cuz I feel like im gettin high blood pressure right now
I like learning new stuff
#AlexaFact: Yesterday was ALSO Alexa's mom's birthday! Happy Birthday to her! Oh wait.. She's not on twitter.
I just want to be held at night.
Thank you for being an animal activist!
I will not take a bullet for anyone. If I have time to jump in front of it, you have time to move!
quite well!!! And you?
Switching to an ergonomic keyboard - the Microsoft
Sun is out! Yippee.
One time i got a prank call saying i was in NSN3D i started freaking out.. it was fake they recorded all of it and put it on facebook. -_-
sometimes i sob myself to sleep at night because when nialls hair was blonde on top and brown on the sides
Dick Clarks stroke was more sad than him actually dying. He died twice.
I gotta say it was a good day.
i think i pulled something in my back.
Can you picture a place, where's there's a smile on every face ?
markus always keeps it real. Boom!
-- And if she bought them at Justice, Aeropostale, or Limited Too. :-P
It's great, haha (: My tv didn't record it all though so I didn't get to see the questioning part.
I'm diein up here today
Had a blast! RT “: just stepped onto set can't wait to see her do her thing. #timetoexplode”
Hey that's great! How is Jennifer doing? I'm actually working in a new venture with our old Uniden boss.
If #occupywallstreet were a bunch of tea party goofs in silly hats the media would be covering it 24/7.
yep and that's why parenting books should be illegalized lol
RT : Q1) You have to participate from home not the office I think! #lrnchat <True - had hard time trying to attend from office
I'm ready for this mother fucking game tonight! MEOW.
every performer at the #GRAMMYs has their very own stage that is put out for each performance.... Can you imaging being that stage manager??
In the republic of mediocrity genius is dangerous.
Just tossing up ideas..but I wouldn't be totally shocked if Semin made his way to Colorado
Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about. - Unknown
that awkward moment when youre at a restaurant and this creep is staring at you
I keep finding that the apps through Amazon are either older or not supported. That's honestly what drove me to root my fire.
...Awesome, can't wait to see it in person!
#Imagine You: "Michele!" Michele: "Yes?" You: "I'll give you Austin." Michele: "I'll give you Austin?" You: "OMG THANK YOU SO MUCH!"
what's your email again
Their first fight was a battle, the rematch will be an outright war. "COTTO vs. MARGARITO II" TONIGHT @ 6PM PT, LIVE on Pay-Per-View.
Important: RT : Bo Ryan did himself no favors in recruiting with that interview. What's he tell parents, kids after that?
Buy $20 for $10 on Yelp!
#Wine Fact: The Cole Ranch AVA in Mendocino County, CA, at only 62 acres is the smallest AVA.
You are just like the GOP; RUDE! Don't try to bully Debbie W., wait until a MAN comes on to get forceful! Won't happen!
Wearing my Rick Santorum sweater vest on, and I'm feeling the power.
thanks! Glad to have you with us.
Forever missing Ryan's Hope. Wtf ever happened to those guys?
Best stage design you've seen since the year 2000 - Go!
I was thinking that!!!! Hahahahaha omg come
Thanks! Which ARG's? Anything where games / new media intersect on the theme works for me, as long as they also convey [+]
SWITCH!! I'm a hustla, creepin wit my hat low..Niggas know I strapped so, what they go do dat for?..
awww!! Congrats! Mac select moisture cover is the best. Its water based so it will look just like skin instead of make up...:)
OSU, Quette, and now we await the Badgers.
you look so beautiful for the #AMA2011. :))
We're going to the TMRE in Orlando on 11/7, are you?
To brag to your clients? "Look how influential I am"
Excited for whats to come in the future! I will be able to provide lots of cool music tips for beginners to moderate players!
haha! I did too. Pretty disappointed in myself lol
Well that was fun hehe
call me.
My night is nowhere near over.
I almost started crying at the beginning of Finding Nemo...I DONT REMEMBER THE SHARK EATING THE MOM OKAY.
i think i Vote 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebet are the Best !!!! ily
Head up to Toledo we'll cook you some delicious food!! :)
V Bogojevic: Emerson’s political ontology stems from ecstasy: absolute self not the smallest political unit in Emerson’s thought.
thanks....didn't see that 1 coming.
Here are some fun facts about the eight starters you won’t find in their past performances
lol it's 4:30 and I've already gone through school and everything
is exactly what her name says: Funny! Catch her this weekend at Sarcasm Comedy Club in Jersey!
Frank is so very very Austin - and they serve !
ur wellcome so what's up :)?
Lmao I just traped the cat in the bathtub it was funny :)
DA FUCK IS GOING ON. COME ON CELTICS GET .IT .TOGETHER
I couldn't resist. I am now following This should be very entertaining.
Tell me why you feel this way
Agree! RT : Today's #Tech Tip: You can learn a lot about sales, marketing and entrepreneurship by watching #SharkTank on
um do I know u??
"what do you do now twitter?" no dad, please u already ruined Facebook.
At the recylcing place turning in all the parts I replaced on our cars this summer. Cleaned out Mom's shed;recycling stuff the mice left.
I get up at 5:40!
The only good thing about working out is how good it makes water taste.
Reviewing the law for prayer instructions, I really only found one direct example Deu 8:10, #mkBiblechat praying after meals 2 give thanx
I'm loving that answer
Nice. Speaking of battery life, have you upgraded to the new iPad?
Grandfather is reminiscing over his '52 Pontiac Catalina. Says it nearly makes him cry every time he sees a photo of it
Lucky ducky. Everyone likes you :)
glad ya liked it! be on the lookout for the release June 4th now releasing on Beatport!
Just ate a cheesesteak for breakfast and it was incredible.
Operation MedSHARE a success!
So we should build more parapets, fear anyone not of our clan and make sure we're breeding faster than the Turks?
I am sensing a surprise package in the mail for design team
I'm sayin!!!! Oh sun dresses, summer couldn't get here fast enough!
you too Chris! Thanks for coming out and showing support!
Time to put those who are here for the wrong reasons on the chopping block!!! L.O.L. Spammers beware!!
Today i learned that water boils at 202 degrees in denver because of elevation. I am also out of breath
And here I thought you liked all my typos. Oops. Did I say that?
Subway wish: quiet cars. No kids, loud earbuds, busking, or obnoxious TMI chats—& license to escort offenders to another car.
My little sisters dog has officially made me salty. 😡🐶🔫
This muthafcka thinking I'm stupid, he must of bumped his head .
Streets and Hotel filling up with digital marketing folk
The Internet is BLOWING UP with lots of Irresistible Content tonight!
RT : i LOVE iT! ha ha!!! <<<I'm coming to scoop you...what are ur coordinates?
AH don't forget he is a former Canadien!
One thing that turns me off, ghetto girls. Shizzzz just isnt cute. intelligence is sexy for the simple fact that your not a Pinhead
How r u?
In Moore Co NC, committee worked to get responsible pet ownership into school curriculum. Also sees need for more low-cost s/n.
Liquid eyeliner, thank you from having to fix my makeup while drunk. Also, props to you, autocorrect.
your adorableness kills me on a daily basis. just so you know.
so fun to chill and play with you at you were #speeddemon on
What are you talking about? That photo is f'n golden!
Blocked! Story of my life. Haha. Have a great day. Woke up on Canepa's couch this morning. Wtf!
i regret that joke... </3
The airport. My favorite place. Heading to LA for Leno.
dreamt of small tress growing out of him as we discussed whether or not hard-to-find information is the same as hidden information
Gunna go skate
I cry almost everyday because it's sometimes hard to be strong when I've been holding on for so long.
Thank you very much for the shout out! Go check them out!
I'm glad that the Brewers broke that losing streak. Now to keep that momentum going.
sorry bout earlier
In Charlottesville for the DPVA State Central mtg-congrats to Gaylene for winning 1st vice-chair, and congrats to Susan for a grea try. ...
I wish I had a prom date.
he thought he was gonna sneak and get a nap but i sicked Blake on him...lol
Dammit. This tumblr is AWESOME. And I have homework to do!
true true
If we do not feel grateful for what we already have, what makes us think we'd be happy with more?
nah don't ever act normal :)_ that's how we like it! Night ;)
Seeing The Avengers tonight in 8 hours....
nothing sweeter than feeling the weight of my darling Ariel crawl up for a piggy back ride, her little hands on my face and I love you. :)
He my bestfriend , my world. <3
A student just asked if we were having a "Tomato Drill" because of all the tomatos in Texas yesterday!
It wouldn't be the Grammys without
my husband shouts this at every bar every time this song is ever played. sometimes after that he kicks a street sign.
Too Blessed To Be Stressed (y)
The Quad: On a Roll, Maryland Prepares for the N.C.A.A. Tournament
Michelle's article is amazing re: fitness!!
please rt this thing is not passed yet
Retweet this for a free pick! Trying to get followers up so everyone can see that we're your best interest for winning picks!
We Deliver right to your Door!!
you killed it for the #lakeshow bro bro. I don't think u meant to hurt Harden. But he's ok now. U hurt #TheLakers more bruh
This is painful. Very painful.
Thanks to the team for the accommodations tonight!
Sunny, 68 at 5am. Up to 95 today. Don't think Phx is getting any snow today.
in other words, they grow up so fast! :-p
Anyone know who brews the #beer for the bar at the #Harley museum?
Do a search for related topics using keywords to see who is talking about your subject i.e. senior care. :)
Mike Daisey is a moron and it's sad he had to lie to tell this story. Americans need to think about where their stuff comes from.
Yeah I know, but he'll turn 18 soon ;)
In three years flat Ima have Caldecott Awards coming out the yang.
Starships!!! ": What song do you wanna hear on this hour? Totally gonna play one for a twitter friend!"
. w/ 3 dimes 2night. All highlight reel material. No need to tempt us...we will make another mix tape.
Leaving Guarulhos now, roadtrip to Rio for the weekend.
Dustin. I'M AN ASSHOLE! (does that mean you thought i was great??)
there was a chocolate stain on the coffee table so i spit on it.
I waited 3 hours. Is it time for cheers yet? *clink*
she blew me to 😂
Me: "It's a psychological thing." Mom: "Nemoj da ti ja dam psycho." Gotta love her.
Watch give out sick handshakes, literally
Yikes my back is sore! Feels like I stepped in the ring and forgot to face my opponent !
same to you to :)
Austin's favorite candy is Hershey's Kisses.(:
is so clearly laying out our issues at k-12. Creatively presenting the big issues
Been reading up on Weinergate. Very funny. I feel bad for the wife though.
Make a wish :) it's 11:11
- lakers jersey with Fox on it
BBQ Chicken it is..
OH: Apparently, if you don't have a BIG following, you can't get the ladies.
Is still asking me to Prom!? c:
I only fuck with great talent!
R.I.P. Adam Yauch (MCA). I grew up listening to the Beastie Boys & loved 'em. I'm really bummed about this.
see you later today!!
Pouring rain in Nawlins. This could be the weirdest weekend of my existence.
"Big isn't bad, banks tell Fed" #yahoonews Especially when they're bankrupting the country!
cant wait for gdc...
#Faithful? iDont Think So.
#AthensMemories roastin session everyday at lunch and
due to a hilarious conversation with , i now have an overwhelming urge to watch dumb and dumber.
Have you seen Spiderman on Broadway?
My man! You'll quickly learn that I am a big time Daisuke fan
just heard mariounta on the radio !! >>>>>
Now whatchu want
Chillin at work
Pet peeve: recipes that don't remind you to oil your roasting herbs. The smell of burnt rosemary is not appetizing. Unless you're a hippie.
Is it safe to plug a outlet jack into another one? Lol
The smell of spring is in the air here. How are you spending your Sunday? #writing?
Who wants to come watch never say never with me?.
come on up. Bring Courtney and I'll get you in. I know people. ;)
Everyone in LA look like celebrities...
Love all my peeps!!! We have a great team!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 113
US are the favorites it seems.
and on top of that I go to India for 10 days a week after I get back!
Future of post-secondary ? PBL w/ the expertise of the university identifying appropriate entry points in place of scope/ sequence?
“The function of design is letting design function.” — Micha Commeren
hopefully will be about 6:30 tomorrow. ill be there to pick you up about that time. :)
Weirdest car chase you've ever seen...involving a tow truck. Maybe Metta World Peace is driving
HHS is the good housekeeping seal of Approval.
Moreland 2 run homer, then he just hit another solo homer to tie it up. ):
GUYS!!Checkout My TWIN Bro's MUSIC VIDEOS on youtube!! @ supra91411..or watch his main Vid supra-My dreams Are Our Dreams...PLEAZE!!!!!
That mistake is now corrected! Thanks for the follow up.
Congrats to Steel, our New Music Monday winner for April! Come check him out at Jin Lounge (2017 14th St NW) TONIGHT from 6p-9p!
What one thing makes you happy?
A little of both. We're looking at a window to phase out adoption. Meanwhile, supporting models of #beyondthetextbook learning
Would just love to stay in bed :/
I believe spring break and some other unscheduled events kinda derailed my rhythm. Next week...
report stated every 1 out of 30 will be infected..glad I retired from porn.
You guys are really good!
LET'S FUCKIN GO BOSTON!!!!!!
way to much! Shes getting to close to me! Lol
Thanks Mike.
Going home or having a night on the town for the holidays?? Make sure you have a reliable and safe ride!! Call VIP taxi at 520-300-3000
well and a Michael Kors bag.
hey girl hey! Found u!
RT : Hey... Thanks for the shout. Looks like you've made a fantastic documentary. Hope everyone watches:...
Last this, last that.
Are their any crackheads out there wanna make 2.80 washing my car? If so inbox me please.
Lol they better hurry up and let school out before these teachers go crazy!
That box of goodies looks like so much fun! We are definitely going to check out !
Kirk Franklin = Everyone Hurts. Wonderful song and fits my life right now! Thank you
finally found !!
#Goodmorning! What's going on in the world today? Tell us what current event/issue you think everyone should know about!
How's the bunny doin?
keyword "whatawin" doesn't work on the website
im always texting you. So you should know wtf im talking about..
I agree! RT : We *can* all just get along. We just need to make the effort.
Looking to buy and resell something? Look into our wholesale priced Food Storage. Do your community the favor of preparing them for disaster
off to my music class =-] <3 Blasting It's Just Me
As long as we have a few “remember whens”, we should not cry of the past – we should smile to what is now and what will always be. Us.
I felt scooby last night! In fact, I am wearing scooby doos right now... Them's is shoes in case you didn't know!
Wish we got to support her performance! We're thrilled Jean Butler sent us a good luck message!
I wish I didn't get in trouble cause I'm bored as HELL -_-
Could be lots of things. I'll check in w/ customer service 1st thing 2morrow & prioritize your issue.
is this the same guy who made people drink koolade in Jonestown ? Of so then we should do it
Wanna play a joke on your chiropractor? The next time he starts working on you, go limp and soil yourself.
Haha I love it!
Stopped traffic on 315. Anyone know why?
God damn that brisket was the bollocks!
Legalize pot Slap 75% tax on it Send proceeds to social safety net. Old folks retire at 65, get benefits, enjoy a fatty by the pool
RT if you're planning to head to today!
How about a Home Alone movie where Macaulay Culkin is the dad and he leaves his kids at home because that's all he knows?
Happy 1 year birthday to ! Congrats to and on their venture!
and are at The Loft to hear if and when when they will go on. Please head over and support them either way!
Follow me? (: I just found out about ur videos and I LOVE THEM! You are amazingly talented and I think ur going to go far ♥
At a GIS session so this seems like the right time to geo-tag myself with a check-in!
Books r in! I'd like 2 gift wrap them if that's ok. Who shall I say sent them?
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has
2day is my parents 56 Wedding Anniversary! What a great example of Marriage, Family & LOVE...Thnx 4 being such great role models dad & mom!
Looks like I'm gonna have to work the waiver wire
RT : As fir "Cloud-based iTunes," RealNetworks' UNIFI seems a complete solution. What do you think?
Once talked to Bas Hoefman about starting such a project here in Zambia and i have not heard anything yet
Apple Education Announcement: High School Textbooks priced at $14.99 or less.
you work tomorrow?
At the Lexington Home and Garden Show. Not very busy tonight. Come on down and visit. Take a look at the new banner in Rupp.
Wooohoo :))) thanks baby
Among all the kinds of piano which one is the best for you?
Mavs vs Spurs / Time for some sweet revenge
No one is defending rape. I think you may have missed the point.
Hours before #arthistory midterm: Freshman: "All of the slides will have captions with names and dates, right?" ... We need to talk.
Our newest customer is from Hawaii, thanks for the order Erica. 2 Puckett's are on their way!!
having pinacbet! if your filipino... you know what it is ;p and its good!
The holograms should be 2pac, Aaliyah, Biggie, and some more dead people.
lol but ur being really adorable. i love you too
society had biblical values as part of laws..transcending values. However, it does not mean all members are faithful follower
I noticed you're wearing pants, cool.
a HUMAN SUNDAE.
RT: RT : Do NOT lower your standards to "keep" anyone. Make them meet you at YOUR level. Self respect is power.
looking forward to repeating next year!
travel safe. I'm on my way up. Anything super cool I should check out?
I'm glad I saw Evil Dead - made me appreciate Cabin in the Woods that much more
FYI ": Tomorrow's other games (Cal-Texas A&M, Virginia-South Carolina) will be played as scheduled. #CWS"
My new boss is awesome. That is all.
Elegant, exquisite MATA ORTIZ pottery at Mingei International. Trunk sale today only. So much beauty at such good prices.
School isn't the same without my other Chewy
This songbird was tweeting to a different tune... Back now! Hope I don't make your ears bleed!
u telln me all late
tomorrows hangover will be so bad
When is fox going to cancel that awful show X-factor it jumped the shark when Simon went wwf come on can he milk it anymore
Enjoy your weekend! Life is amazing! :-)
Respect was obviously never taught to you
my nigga Won tonight!!
forget the TV (comedy??) series, I want to read this book now - swamplandia! - thx
I have barely run since the 10-miler!!!! Eeiiick
R.I.P Whitney Houston You will forever be missed :(
So thankful God honored our prayers! We're leaving soon, tucking memories w/ you, Greg, in our hearts. LYI
I can do other ppl's hair very well but I can't do my hair for shit!
that's a lie. I do!
half of the fun of this job is figuring out what the hell people are talking about
wat u mean
You know your bored when you braid your hair 6 times to stay entertained
that's there #EGO talking lol.. ur not alone to tis cuzit happens tome tho I'm not doing nothing!! Smfdh
We see so many monsters that aren't really there.
What are the rules on covering a song and putting it on an album? When Pineapple Landslide puts one out, I want to cover a Jack White song.
Also, of course, break legs!
that's really nasty showing it ass in public no Offense have some decency!! Ur totally representing ur Mother!!
Duncan: If they have access to technology, they can get to the next level.
Excellent... Thank you, Ms. Berman! :)
Hahaha Of course we are!! we are the original classy bitches #noonecantouchus #truestory!! :)
So I finally broke down and found out I'm a ENFJ (E-11%,N-62%,F-44%,J-11%). And another pointless fact attained!
Minecraft Android general release Thursday!
You should know why you're using Social Media before you start using it.
oh my!
The train arrives in New Paltz. Carriages are waiting to take the guests to the conference site at the lake.
Reason 623 why I adore you so much!
Looking forward to tonight! I'll be watching!
I dont regret anything
Had a good rest tommorrow going back to school #ehhh feeling better though Goodnight twitter <3
facebook probably isn't working cause mark zuckerberg donated their server budget to newark schools
Thank you for the follow! Looking forward to your green architect podcasts.
You aint gotta say it.. You real, we gone feel it.
Dear God the #MontaEllis is a
Lol so remeber that academic fair project i said i had to do
Celebrate & Share 7th Annual Women of Achievement Awards March 7, 2012, from 6:00 to 9:00 p.m. at the Omni William Penn....
ABSOLUTELY! RT does tracking mean new Hydrovibe music soon???? :))
brushing your teeth and then drinking orange juice will never ever mix
I would so play that game and try to use here. Get on it Julie!
N.c trip this weekend
dude! You are so wise, and inspirational. You're like Mother Theresa but with better hair.
#fail. Its all good. Next Sunday.
that's awesome! Go Badgers!
thank goodness, no. I probably would have run it over. ;-)
#IWantToBe next n rotation!!
how do I respond to craigslist ads that lead me to machines at casting calls, the voice will not stop telling me to give him 7dollars......
yes I'm trying to turn it off. But yeah it's not working
Work til you have what you want....
Kare 11 channel in Twin Cities had production issue with Presidential address. Funny how they didn't have problem w/ adverts though!
What are your thoughts about including references on a resume? #necessary or
Web design can be both frustrating and magnificent
can y'all see my tweets? can someone tell me what my username is?
Kobe never got the ball on the last possession to begin with they inbounded it straight to Blake
Save it for the bedroom.
Good I'm glad. Look through my list and click on their name to see recent posts that you may be interested in - good luck!
Awesome! What local paper were we featured in? We'd love to see!
Gah damn, I feel like working out right now.
#artwalk Miami. See you there!
we are working on a fix for the wifi.
I hope so!! X
I'm not sure why #nomargarciaparra keeps saying that hitters are staying on top of the ball when they hit it in the air.
Happy Halloween! Celebrate at the tonight at and Disney on Ice!
I just want to know why you are a Chicago fan when you grew up in the Bronx? But come on now, Cubs?
hahaha!! totally not judging! ;)
Waiting for "permission" to share data/info renders SM useless. Leadership has to extend trust. This vol runs into many walls.
Whatsup ? U guys ready to make HISTORY or what? I'm like a beast trapped in a cage.
You look like 3 solid inches taller than me...are you?
Man, everyone is gay once in a while! It's Hollywood! -- Kirk Lazarus, Tropic Thunder
I dont care what kind of personality you have! Your BABY GIRL IS GONE. There's no way your going to stay calm and laugh!!
Being happy is essential to great health. Find out what makes you happy and do it. Laugh more, smile more, work less.
And I wish on a star, that somewhere you are thinking of me too...
2 free periods, 2 tests, and 1 movie, easy day..
Constantly losing myself. Constantly having to find a new me.
wondering if any tweeps or their tweeps use Alain Touraine or have ideas why anglophone scholars have (relatively) ignored him RT pls
MT : Bmore designers & developers stop by #WebSlam at U of B tomorrow 9-5 to give HS students advice and mentoring!
U can't sleep to
3. is a very long conversation. I am not sure I know the answers.
Not even going to lie
Moved to table in 1k. 67k at 2k 30 left He says "we don't take to your kind around these parts" in fake south accent.
Right.... cause guys like London Fletcher, Larry Fitzgerald or numerous others have never displayed the same (or more) class,
Anything photo-worthy happening on the ground near you? Tweet it!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dwight Richards ⁰Rising 12th ⁰Fort Wayne, IN ⁰Travel Team: Martins Wolverines ⁰Small forward 6’6
Damn bannanas are bomb in captain crunch lol!!
": BIG s/o to for answering my music publishing questions!!!" Chk out her music!
#TheWalkingDead here i come!(:
"Climate is what you expect, weather is what you get." ~Robert A. Heinlein
Awesome! Please follow me😘
This is my first tweet
#sem2011 Historic walk. Liberty Bell. Now village whiskey. I'm excited about this drink being made right in front of me.
HAPPY NEW YEARS
That was awesome! Go Pack!
If you missed them @ the Ken, the Oscar-nominated short films are moving to Reading Gaslamp on Friday.
Difficult as it is really to listen to someone in affliction, it is just as difficult for him to know that compassion is listening to him.
The #iHeartRadio Music Festival is Live!! Watch it live right now! bit.ly/r0eMaD
Common and Lupe Fiasco are in my top 5.
Thank the Lord
I Be Beatin Ass
Talking to my buddy
haha nicee :P oh I finished Saint :D lol
It's Friday! Finally!
Shadowing my boss and getting things ready for #sdmardigras tonight!!! I'll be there :-) will you?
Should I post tracks from the CD as it's being recorded? I'm on the fence about it.
Thanks Jacqueline! We need to catch up! Coffee this week?
Listenen to old school Vanilla Ice, thinkin back to skatin @ Neville ...ah I'd re live THOSE highschool days!!
Congrats on your 1st day as PR Specialist at #Associated Banc-Corp
I tried to stop and couldn't. It still makes me giggle a day later.
That field trip last night was fun though (: definitely worth it !
RT : Reports - WR Wes Welker has signed his $9.5 million franchise tender, according to a league source
I AM CRYING. BRITNEY THIS IS REALLY HAPPENING OMFG
Announcement coming hopefully today or tomorrow about a booked date at the Whiskey in Hollywood. Make sure if youre in the area to let...
cleaned all the leftovers out... easy dinner
Elton John tix are still available for Roanoke 3/15 and Richmond 3/17 - get them now as they are going fast!
That's and ad hominem logical fallacy. Just because it comes from someone within a Union doesn't necessarily make it wrong/bad.
Got my Raybans stolen out of my backpack today. Luckily prostiution is somewhat legal in cph. Time to make my money back...
Thinking if I should get my tongue pierced .
They say seek and you shall find! Then they say don't go looking let it come to you! Sh** I'm confused!!!
its a possibility well come see you. You shoulda come over and watched movies with us :(
Just wants a place I can call home..
RT : Word press theme help in tech room
Former President Bill Clinton in Washington, DC next week? More details to come soon... re-tweet me for more information!
That moment when you arrive 30 minutes early to an exam only to realize you're actually an hour early.
Oh.My.Goodness. Prayers are with you and all at western psych - scary, horrible ...
they took to fear and loathing too? Wtf. Gayness.
Hey, Rex! What's with this crappy Jets defense today?! Nice job! #Jets Can we get a stop, please?!
Just gotta have faith :)
Am I the only Bloglines user left? What I am going to use in its stead? What aggregator do you use?
MD A&E District is hosting a National Symposium on Arts, Entertainment and Cultural Districts today in Baltimore!
I'm so fat
of course. Thanks kidd ;) I'll pick u up one day n well get lunch or some shit
Gotta tell ya, not a big fan of the forwarded chain email where finger cramping scrolling is needed to get to the point.
I was smiling yesterday , I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
RT : RT : Training is not up to your employer, it's up to you. -- If only everyone was such a self-starter... :(
RT RT These females realer than most of you niggas...
Leftover ketchup and mustard groos me out in a special nails-on-chalkboard kind of way. Yeeeeeeeeeech.
oh okay I she okay
Getting ready to travel to Salt Lake City for a fun meeting!
LOU! how many songs have you boys made so far?!x can't wait to hear them!
We now carry Lakefront New Grist to wash down your gluten free crust!
Anyone know of any good watch repair shops in Atlanta?
yes you are
Tattoo my name on you so I know its real <3
100th tweet, yea just a liitle behind I'd say
Dan Miagla just used the word "swagger" in his keynote speech...
I'm fully over #BB13, it's soo boring now..no Dani or Jeff for drama purposes, now just catty bashing.. How fun is the finale going to be
Ruth Wilson Gilmore is writing an essay on the keyword "Prison" for the second edition!
Everyone welcom Andre Miller as the newest Trailblazer!
ha! They do! It was funny, they were asking everyone that came in if they liked egg salad. Felt bar for girl who over ordered
Just move to Seattle for your KEXP fix :)
This technique just isn't working out. Perhaps we should try something else.
3 more till 300 I feel famous ....
Name the song! Subway's no way for a good man to go down Rich man can ride and the hobo he can drown... try to be honest and NOT google...
So glad you were there last night. Thanks for your contributions.
their first thought in the mornings is how can I make more money.. They have little principle
Poised Creation is committed to helping efficient non-profit organizations attack social welfare problems!
a collection goal for school libraries..50% ebooks, 50% print in five years...i can only hope!
We are excited RT : looking forward to another exciting year!
Thanks for the #FF :) Hope you have a great weekend!
Now following
Going Out Of Town Friday
I like him, too. I'm happy, and jealous, that he gets to spend so much time in Italy this summer.
Go follow for a chance to win !
I guess the problem is that after it snows, it's just really cold for like 6 months.
RT : We're beyond the Republican and Democrat dichotomy
Excited to start my new position tomorrow. :)
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who thinks they run everybody...
thank you so much! You are such a talented dancer! Had a great time this weekend :)
Tell your friends to like our page and also to follow us!!! Headin to the studio soon.
wha?? You're gravid? wowow, I've been 2 beezy this spring working bee swarms to notice. congrats!
RT : Just found out I'll be working with for Public Service Day! Woot woot!
That's a great idea. How many authors are putting the same book out under multiple names?
Congratulations! She's adorable! Hope you're doing well.
My Phone Has A Bad Habit Of Texting The Wrong People ! : /
sounds good. I'll get there as soon as I can!
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.29
Always looking for new artists to work with. Tweet me your email or a link and I'll get at you.
Yeah how about a "rappin ryan" lol
ok who Amazon'd us the DVD of "Shabbat Shalom Grover Sesame Street, With A Special Appearance By Cedric The Entertainer"?!?!?
just once:) haha but it was! I didn't like Bruno
Playing with Trevor Ware tonight @ parkway grill in Pasadena. Good times! 7-11.
It's freakin' Tuesday! Woo hoo!!!
is your dinner the birds of a feather dinner or something else?
hahahaha I was Like I think shemeans *do...... Awk (;
ah yes. That one is a sort of between book linking the back story behind the virus to the later books.
Make sure you are on WiFi and have at least 60% battery, then go to Settings app > General > Software Update — No iTunes needed.
Only $8 at the door
whatever you are going through, the Lord has gone ahead of you n prepared the way. Trust Him to lead you through...He already knows the way!
A frog jumps out of a well. A boy pours water through his palm to the base of a young plant. The frog clings onto his shoulder. \chinalake\
your tumblr sounds like mine ;)
I think I make bitches jealous
Merry Christmas Everyone!!! Go Celtics!!!
So relived to hear everything is ok now. :)
I dont bash niggas for not having they own place shit I dont have my own place but u dont have a car, job, nothing?!?!Oh no
I don't think it's been released in the USA yet. I adore Colin Farrell What did you think of his accent?
In about the same degree as you are helpful, you will be happy. ~Karl Reiland
visiting my grandma <3 and watching Telenovelas with her hahaha
Hi people...havent been on for a while!!!!!
Not convinced "Where there's Pepsi, there's music" even with Elton John in the ad.
If I was in the NBA, I wouldn't wear any active players shoes, unless they were mine, I just couldn't do it
@ Sup cuz! Lol!!! Happy New Year
First event in the Upper East Side. I feel a bit out of place.
I'm feeling very peaceful right now. All my windows in my room are open and the birds are singing and it's so quiet in my house.
Q: Why did the witch's mail rattle? A: It was a chain letter.
Come join us @ our New Venue La Stanza in South Philly for a great night of Networking
well maybe you didn't get the brains, but you sure got the beauty... where have u been, my love???
#sha2012 better not miss Vaccaros pastry!
And one day I will be followed by you because,I never give up on anything I love<3
I wonder what Ima see in this store today
Today was the first day of my 15Th year at the company I work for.
Beat LA!
+2 Adult-ing points for dressing like an grownup between holidays. Proceed unhindered to the Chai / Latte of your choice.
Real nigga street certified
Thanks! : Beautiful furnishing! Nice to know there are other companies that can say Made in the USA.
Tomorrow is looking good ☺
I love that site! I'm thinking redesign.
My sh** ain't for everybody...it's for yo body....
will make my fans proud no doubt
A #critic knows more than the #author he criticizes, or just as much, or at least somewhat less.
WHO DO I NEED TO CONTACT IN ORDER TO SHOOT YOU A VIDEO BRUH!? what's the contact info? I can show you my work. I can tweet links
fact: Ancient Romans&Greeks thought that the Giraffe was a mix btwn a camel and a leopard. Hence, Scientific Genus name of"camelopardalis"!
This one smells good! Let me know if you need help choosing a perfume or cologne for you.
Came home from track
thanks Bri! You have such a way with words! 👍
I'm definitely feeling myself right now. Shades on, windows down, roof open, playing boosie. making the most outta this lunch break cruise
[Book 5/100] Outliers, Malcolm Gladwell. Challenged my mind, and many assumptions I had. In the end, each story and analysis convinced me!
I don't understand it lol but being nice to ppl here doesn't seem to work
Only to facilitate. RT : I want it in Bron's hands late, dont necessarily need him to shoot it tho. Depends on the situation.
you would live in a van... Down by the river!
Happy Chocolate Day,lets eat chocolate today! yummy
I gotta few weekends in SD comin up. Sounds like a partee.
yeah as always bro. See you in 15days
So bored, went to the dentist, ah my mouth still hurts
that might be the best thing I've heard all day. Just sayin'
#IwantSomebody that'll actually love me. Any takers?(;
The ones who never text you back , be the first to call you a stranger...
Thanks for sharing, Stuart. Hope you are well!
Fred gwynne. I miss him every day.
omg hey ! I haven't talked to you in forever ! What's up !?
What smells like marshmallow?!
I Can Never Love U Again Cuz I Know Ur a Hoe N So Do U. U Just Don't Wanna Believe It.
I am getting hammered today. I would appreciate your prayers. Love you!!!
": we clowned Monday-Friday" Forreal No Days Off.
is SO SO mad she cant go to fashion night out today ! ;[
Not a Nabisco brand.
thank you Matt!!
appid= in your demo? You know I'm filing that for future reference. :)
SPRING CLEANING: Half-way done!
Hm why would i walk when you can have whoever picks you up take you to come see me.
You're not a robocall. You're a person. The more Walker bombards the airwaves, the more people appreciate humanity.
And no fucks we're given last night
cool beat!! I want that sample!
": #wewontwork if you go to space, renos, mekka or the cove. I'm sorry."
TWITTER HOES IS TAKING OVER!!!!!!!!!! S/O TO THE VIDEO ON HERE #YOUTUBE TOOK IT OFF!!!
“ people should fall in love with their eyes closed.”
Grabbing a cup of coffee this morning and about to start my classes in forensic. I'm working on biology right now. I like this study.
back in Los Angeles!
True, link for Bloggers was under press-reg. Yes, confusing-it will change next time around.
I would if I was living in Vegas! Still have to visit since I've never been.
there are no socially awkward people here
Boy you think that you know me, know me, thats why i'm leaving you lonley, lonley...because baby you don't know a thing about me
ur song television love is so cute.! My mom even liked it (:
Thanks for the kind words, man! Right back at you.
i don't wanna sound like a pedophile, but that's a sexy youngin' ;)
Distilled 10x's bitches.
Whoever said "It's not whether you win or lose that counts." Probably lost.
Fascinating, great example of the increasing data obfuscation arms race
#nowplaying martha and the muffins
About to turn on the O's game, but do you want to play some COD after? DM me your gamertag.
nice apostrphe in Buckeyes, Fame. Obviously you didn't get into OSU with such crap grammar skills....
it's just in one more day
hurry the up mayne
#ArtFact - On November 20, 1929 Spanish surrealist artist Salvador Dali held his first one-man show in Paris, France.
Time to take my grumpy ass to bed!
I need to check myself into a software monastery. Are there any available?
if i still used myspace, i'd make my myspace song Jamie All Over - Mayday Parade because that's all I've been listening to
From moisturizing Shea Butters to Black Soaps made by West African Women Cooperatives Bath & Body uses...
Not to be rude, but O's fans act like every Yankees fan is a scumbag and the devil, and that every O's fan is a saint and an angel.
Your welcome! Thanks for the great info!
i say we should rest folks in 2nd half #saints, #atlanta up 21-0 on
#Bruins' Prospects news: Dougie Hamilton's Niagara Ice Dogs Will Face off against Jared Knight's London Knights in this year's OHL Finals.
In #Egypt they riot for Freedom and Democracy... In #Vancouver they riot because they lost a Hockey game. Relax and have a #Beer, Eh?
He's in custody, yeah yeah. But what is going to happen to those wooden step-stairs?
I never like it when people complain about the new layout of a website...but I don't like the new layout of this website!
3 weekend robberies
Dats because u a donkey lil neck ass nigga lolRT : I think i can fuck foe 4 hours straight
Elbow elbow, wrist wrist, touch the pearls, blow a kiss! #royalwave back :)
Aw, that's encouraging. :) Hope you get some sleep soon!
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show? ;)..
I've always wanted to go to a goth night club...Bazinga. (BigBangTheory)
