goodnight & sweet dreams and plz follow me follows me
Whole "heap." LOL
After talking some smack backed it up and won the autograph
Miley smokes weed
woot bouncing again for the third night in a row
Hate you. Love you, but hate you. And Cheers.
big day, you. Sending you great vibes and pride!
if you squint your eyes and shake your head reall fast and put on a tori amos song, then I can see, but i have to tak my glasse
ohh I thought u did. Well homie u jus gotta pull the toys out
yeah I Amm !!!!! Don't worry I gotchuuuuuuiuuuui
thanks Berni :) What did you think?
So glad to clock out and stop talking in my waiter voice. After 8 hours of serving drinks, I'm ready to enjoy some!
thanks for following!
I would love to meet u. You are so handsome and talented!
Strong. Determined.
I sent it to your yahoo address -
A Facebook like, because it communicates the like to one's friends.
#NP Chrisette Michele ~ Like A Dream !!
the people that said, "don't mix friends with business" never had true friends..!!
I wonder what's for breakfast
Shut the fuck up
Reading SEO for Dummies to get an understanding of SEO & the value of an SEO co-worker. My job is to connect the dots.
It's Friday so you should definitely Dust-that-dirt-off-yo-shoulda!
Home for the weekend. Time to catch up on my sleep, see my lady and my friends, and let my bug bites heal a bit.
I'm going to make my future be the way I want it.
the '08 darkness vs the '08 dark lord side by side tasting..begins..now!
Because ur mine...I walk the line....#love me some
hey melissa please accept my apology please :'(
you "love" your boyfriend, yes we get it, you dont have to tweet about him every damn time you tweet something. consider urself unfollowed.
#Today is Cuando
#cnbcdebate what's he say?
already done
- Wait on ME♥ !!! oooweeeeee ;P
I said "People your age" to my younger brother today and immediately had a realization of how damn old I'm getting.
Hope everyone marching in halftime shows tonight has a great show - remember to HYDRATE before you head out there!
lmao there's a lot of WRONG things with it :/ I just been calm .
Which is worst on tv tonight? "Slavery by another name" or speculations on WH's passing?
MEET from 's #DRAGRACe, host of our 10/22 FASHION/ART Xravaganza! www.ambushevents.com
Kmart changing brand image?
come on how u go from spittin fire to romanin moscow&stupid hoe? Dat shows some1 wrote 4 her u get better as an artist not worse
Believe me, so do I. I'm with ya. Let's both hope I am wrong
You are kind!!! lol!
Love that feeling of actually having money >>>
Fujinians are people too!!!
Mitt's in bed with the Koch brothers, Paul Ryan and Scott Walker. I believe that makes him a gay polygamist.
I told you not to come in my room naked it's gone get you in trouble ;)
Lex Legends - great community partners - wrap up the season with a 4 game series against ROM starting tonight. See you at the ballpark!
it was our pleasure. Happy to have such great customers as
yes! im tired now night
The only thing wrong with the Chicago Bears is their raving fans. The team plays and the fans always come back regardless of the results!.
Just got off the phone with He told me to tweet about it so here:P and sorry girls, I just know Anson fell in love with me;)
only 5bucks! and if you're a pisces its FREE
just checked-in online for my conference trip tomorrow. Nice to know that I got all windows seats :-D
Just got home eating a sandwhich :P
Love today! I almost couldn't ask 4 a more happy, beautiful, relaxing amazing day! If any preview to the coming yr then I'm totally stoked.
Thinking about films with birds falling from the sky today and what it means. # BirdsFallingFromSky
No..I dont either. Waay better looking guys out there.
RT : : life is so much better in my dreams
Bismark, ND! Tomorrow. Let's see all of you at the show! See details on our Myspace at www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic !
I would be so excited if I could get a RT from !
Can I have a shoutie? ILY so much, ur my idol. Can you follow me, Boobiana?(:
The good news? At least I don't have to live anywhere near Buffalo. Just like their fans.
Cant trust anyone these days they always come and backstabb yu once in a while.
maybe you used it to buy a SENCHA doggie! :)
Hey, i Just Met You and this is crazy my name's Binladen i'll bomb your navy!!!!
Let's do this tomorrow Anteaters!! #Rollonyoubears!!
Put you on game bitch take a seat
who do I speak to with regard to making a complaint please....an actual person or an email address.
hey ramiro will you help me plan the best bachelor party for my best friend
Because I'm so stupid.
Hey Jake. Absolutely! I'll email my number to the your gmail.
did you hear there is a kinda popular football game on tv right now? :)
they can be anything.
Love those days...Check out our first San Diego Dishcrawl, have some mouth watering treats.
Off to this ensemble...What was I thinking..a 9AM ensemble....-_- then to the worst class GLOBAL PERSPECTIVES.....
hahahaha you're a fucking joke.
Yu cnt trust a bitch to the point if yu have a kid by her yu gotta get a DNA test on it
you're like, a year late to that party....
Slugs have four noses.
This weekend has go to he'll and it hasn't even started
I can't even fathom the drugs that you are on right now. ": Lebron is Jordan and Magic rolled into one."
tells apologies to President John F Kennedy and all the AU language professors Ich bin ein WONK
I can't even imagine how proud you must be of Austin<3
Evolution preceded revolution - Rochester Democrat and Chronicle
Just racked my latest batch of beer. Home brewing is fun. Cleaning up isn't.
xD Have a great day :] xx
I feel that I want to move again too
The best speaker I can get for the is some diplomat guy from Korea whose name I can't say. I have pissed off everyone else...
" You Never really Lose until You quit trying" --Mike Ditka..... Never, Never, Never, Never, Never...Ever Quit!!!
Happy Monday everyone! Lets startour week ful of energy and good vibes! start your every day with a morning work out.
Lots of chicken noodle today, with orange juice, water, and documentaries on Netflix. Also, Horrible Bosses again.
awww...thank you so much. We believe are all attendting. will be in KS & MO
#FF the fabulous in Virginia. Welcome to twitter!
pats took him. Upshaw is still on the board
JUST WATCHED U SINGING GRENADE COVER UR AMAZING LIVE LIFE !!!
Siga-me! :D
Back to work :-/
Self-praise is for losers. Be a winner. Stand for something. Always have class, and be humble.
posting pregnant photos of yourself is not cute at all.
Good vibes at #WholeFoods in
Boston loves the show!! Inspirational to younger entrepreneurs in the world. Check out this kid!!
perhaps he misremembered?
By the time the ink dried on the first printing of "Dodging Charging Rhinos for Dummies" it was far too late.
i missed it :(
Glad you liked it. RT : Im a fan of Touchstone Gallery- there MiniSolos exhibit was insightful for a budding artist as myself.
": did you just have a birthday in April I missed?! Omg" lol no girl my bday in jan!
Cleaning a house when you have children is like shoveling snow in a snow storm. Can someone remind me why I keep shoveling?
#Str8LykeDes.... I'm the reason for everything...
I remember the stupid ass home videos I made when I was bored when I was between 10-12. I still have them, but haven't seen them in years!
sounds like him. He might be there fir a while
I think the majority of CATS fans know what they have to do today, some people are just idiots. I know I'm nervous as hell.
Yay I was able to sleep awhile on the train! Now we are literally stopped in the middle of the desert, lol
I am gonna go to the Cowboys stadium tomorrow and were gunna take a tour there and we are gonna be able to play on it
Happy 1st Anniversary Deirdre... Without you I only exist, but together we live, laugh, and love!!
im passionate about Jesus
+70 degrees in Mpls in March is unheard of, but hey, no complaints out of me.
Scientist need to find a way to grow junk food, Willie Wonka did it and he was clinically insane.
the streets are salted people. move your asses
Show your comic conn card to mark and receive a free appetizer during lunch.
My fantasy baseball team knows that all too well.
1970, Pink Floyd released their fourth album Atom Heart Mother which went on to top the UK charts.
The world is looking at us and our house is jacked up!
I'm on it. Research beginning...now.
Manage me, I'm a mess.
oh & - this calls for a party. Send us a bunch of your favorite quotes, and we'll tweet them!
Doing a retrofit on your shiny new Flash-based site after it is built won’t cut it
Hey brosef, when can and I meet ya for lunch someday?
#20ThingsAboutMe i am the biggest procrastinator.
Thoughts on Teddy Ginn? Gotta be better than Sherels returning the ball, but doesn't do it for me as a deep threat.
heading to Chicago tonight
You guys rule, keep being awesome!
Omg yes. I got to like 40 meters. i am the qwop boss.
Enjoyed family dedication class tonight!
Hi there SWAGtyler
Lebron James MVP this season well deserved lets see if he can win it all this year
We had a great time, too. broke it down for us. Thanks for coming down and being a part of it.
Just cause you have a real job doesn't mean you gotta hate on us...
ZG our ace in my opinion. 20+ for sure
I hate when the teacher is talking to the whole class but decides to stare directly at me.
You will probably gain an entirely new follower base.
Best ride home EVER! I now love full moons.
Are you here? Great to see your tweet!
Too bad Stipe spent the money on that plane ticket that went unused.
I think the Directors win for smoothest transition to automation - no other station seems to have had it go as well. Nice work!
Haha of course you did! Love doing that. Good for you!
Post pictures here of L.A.'s best Olympic sites and you could win #Olympic gear! Just under 100 days to !!!
fancy side of town
come out for some good drinks and good music tonight!
Sarah Brown whoo hoo!!!!!! Go Sarah! We are proud of you.
happy birthday i hope you have a good birthday :-)
What is your ideal vacation?Relaxing on the beach, backpacking through the mountains, or quiet time at home! You name it!...
I love all my #Twitterfriends, #Tweethearts, and #Tweeps! Have a fabulous fall Saturday!
Scratch reading modulates the way we read - parallel to the DJ scratch + spin, which changed the way we listen to music. -Saper
I know it's not fair at all doiajfoiewj
DML conference has begun. John Seeley Brown says "the half life of a skill is about 5 years."
Gonna change. Then go outside and run..then shower. Then do homework. Then eat. then tweet. Then sleep! <3
and dats juss how i feel
My txts mess up every time my fone dies
can't wait to see the #Steelers beat them in the playoffs (again) this year!
"A Time To Kill" was his best. Really enjoy "Playing for Pizza" for going outside the cookie cutter.
Ugh, fake candidates on primary ballots.
Looking forward to checking out the Clark Montessori home opener of their new gym tomorrow night as they take on the Madeira Mustangs!
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
Looking forward to 's belated Cinco de Mayo party on the rooftop this afternoon - with margs, mexican food and fun coworkers!
I hate when a girl walks by me and her perfume smells like fruity pebbles.
Ah, the radio selection in Portland is fantastic!
AWESOME!!! Congrats.
You have the power to define the future. Subtle changes can make a lasting impact; especially when you begin today.
It’s like saying you play for the Lakers, just because you bought their jersey.
I'LL BE ROCKING ON MY BED ROCK ROCKING ON MY BED I BE SWIRLING ON YOUR BED SWIRLIN SWIRLING ON YOUR BED LOL
Several local cities have BID programs. Vince, can we generalize from the findings from your study?
The HRC is back to normal hours for Spring 2012 semester. Yes, we're open until 10pm tonight. :-)
penis juice
At 1st I thought you said a pic you'd taken of Parson Weems. Reminds me of the adamant visitor who wanted a photo of Jefferson.
Sick f1 racing. .
maybe & maybe not. I like both fighters, so my opinion isn't tainted... My opinion is just that, my opinion. Take it ez 
Don't wanna break your heart. Wanna give your heart a break! <33
CARRYING YOUR CROSS IS..."When you don't want to do what you can't choose NOT to do!" Pastor Chris Harris
Tickets for Pop vs Not this Sunday May 16th on sale! $12 at The Chance contact us for tickets
No matter how many pens and pencils I buy, they will always mysteriously go missing.
Ready 2 #promote your #music on #Facebook & go #viral? Bring ur #portfolio 2 Shastic.com & attract new #fans #venues & #events Check it out!
Living it up at #SHEAR. Presentation done. Looking forward to dinner with fellow grads.
How do you not know you were pregnant!?!?
sounds fun ! didn't know you liked little humans ;)
Looking like a million buck$
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!!!!
video-taping conferences and conventions, products and services, and sales.
Dropped off mom at the airport...FREEDOOOMMM
"Fish are friends, not food."
Yuck-Yuck! :P
Round 2: Oh the office? Gimme your Egyptian cloth Kleenex and some Ramen.
We'll be watching #equalvoicenews “: You won’t want to miss tonight’s #SOTU at 9pm ET.”
If you are seeking any assistance in any legal or healthcare matter, this is place to be!
You fall in love with the most unexpected person at the most unexpected timee.
Live Soccer Wednesday at 11:45am (Tottenham VS. Young Boys)
who said I had an obsession?
anyone in orlando florida
Almost time to get a Volcano Roll.
Rodrigo Lopez starting to get warmed up for the Cubs. Might take a while. It's only 40 degrees.
you have lost your damn mind!
Eat the same healthy foods daily. People who minimize meal choices lose more weight.
currently reading Stranded:Rock and Roll for a Deserted Island. 20 writers, 20 essays, on 20 deserted island albums. What are you reading?
Going on hour five of jackhammering at Paley and it is threatening to drive me fully batshit.
Winding my day down, it's been such a dramatic day! lol Only in the Salon! New movie premiers causes serious shop talk/gossip lol
Wish I was at the Bank to cheer on my NL mistress, #Phillies. Though I seem to have a better view of J. Sanchez's pretty eyelashes on Fox.
Looks like my blazers should go pick up my guy before its to late. He would fill in just right for B Roy.
the #caps assigned to !!!!
#DrJafari great discussion on how you've aided in narrowing the #digitaldivide!
just sitting
straight up... is standing in the refused ticket line and he's the opening act. told me even he couldn't get on the list.
Whatz up ghosts? Why is this place so hunted hell i am not scared, eat your heart out Zac from GA..LOL...:-) :-) :-)
Category 10-c winner is Resolute Consulting
Responded to FIRE @ 84-18 Rockaway Beach Blvd, Queens, NY 11693. Red Cross auto update.
Had fun in Tennessee, Now back to work. I ate alot hope I don't look to fat on camera!! Lmao!
I don't always stop at truck stops, but when I do, I choose LOVE'S truck stops.
heat lost.
Only a fool has a pool and keeps it full. Only the enemy don't drain his pool.
Time to pass out ! I love living in Vegas!!
do you know your MBTI type?
the boys, are our better halfs.
I miss yo crazy ass...
Somebody gonna get pregnant.
I wish I can change alot of things
Will do! I can always use more too. :)
A quick nap and now I'm ready to go at 101.9 The Mix!
My 3-yr old: "Daddy, I just bless-youed all over my book. Will you wipe it off?". Good morning to you, too!
You think? ... RT : Peyton Manning might be replacing Tebow as starting QB for the Broncs.
Uh oh. Why would EA release the Mass Effect 3 demo when they know damn well that I have important things I should be doing?
Jeremy and other Knicks, don't let the opponents knock the ball out of your hands, but opponents also sometimes make turnovers.
I've seen a rapper not known step inside a spot thinkin he known... lmfao..
That Morning 💩 is Crucial
Wen a kid in englis says grasshopper starts wih and R -_-
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 4
Kyle Seager! Swing just looks so consistent.
"He flattered himself on being a man without any prejudices: this pretension itself is a very great prejudice"
gucci rush or chanel mademoiselle
Trivia at Ye Rustic Inn. Team name: Owls of Ga'Hoole. We aren't winning.
You know you're in the country when...a wild turkey casually walks across your driveway.
“: watching a couple of guys in the 2:50 game that could be huge difference makers for us the next 4 years!”
congrats ! i will light a candle for you!
when you ask someone if they can hang out and they say idk >>>
What I want is a big ass bacon burger!!!!!
listening to Beiber on the way to a sex shoppe? Goodbye sexy mood...
Hey just a random question, How many days was it til u got ur Bracelet?
Aye thats fine with me!
RT : "Success is how high you bounce after you hit bottom." George Patton*
Vernon's new wine Tastings & Tapas featuring the highly rated Eric Solomon Wines - starts this Friday, April 27 from 5-7 pm!
I'll have to stay in bed all day to achieve wisdom
This boy is sliding his feet while he's walking he does this everyday!! O_O I hate that noise
Still made me feel good that my husband told me we don't need 2 find good Mex restaurant here as long as he has me around. :))
Yes, they are
Oh yeah?
Thanks to everyone who came out for our #FirstNightpgh shows!
Be honorable yourself if you wish to associate with honorable people. - Proverb
it was suggested to me by a friend to start w/3-4 quotes, and then tell yourself they need some friends to keep them company
This country needs more overpriced music festivals that I won't be attending.
A writers obligation is to give voice to those without words.
Seattle Public Schools arranged for 14,500 children to hear the Dalai Lama speak Monday. Imagine if they had arranged to hear Billy Graham.
Selected interior paint colors for new home owners. They are excited about the refreshing change!
RT : Nervous, excited, scared all at the same time. Must be game day.
Hope you enjoyed it!
Mojito bar for the HEAT GAME with
RT : is an important national funder of nonprofit leadership development. Learn more...
A great skill to have! And endless fodder for your writing.
NYC is crawling with douche bags sporting sombrero's. Stay inside.
I didn't really like it tbh
I've only been once, but I was very impressed. What do you usually order there?
(I totally filed that one, BTW)
who wrote that "might be a long climb back" note? Awful. Whoever it is, Keep him away from the bridge.
You make me want to kick dogs, your just such a bitch
Frankly, my dear, I couldn't. I simply acknowledged my defeat, smoothed my skirt, and sauntered on.
I don't wanna get my panties in a bunch so I just won't wear any.
I have met more quality people in 24 hours at #MashCon than i did in a week at
Uhh i hate when at night someone is fucking snoring-___-
Eli Capiluto doesn't "get it".
": Doing drugs is cool. #ilovedrugs"
just got on my ass a few mins ago
Rt #urabasicbitch if you’re not bumping ‘s music! www.LadyDuet.com
I am HUNGRY!!! Like most of the time :D
Yippee! RT : On my way to Cape Coral - I am becoming an uncle today! Can't wait to meet my niece, Eva xoxo
Long overdue in placing the names with the faces this Saturday in Toronto. Look forward to connecting guys!
worse shirt ever.
why am i still contemplating a nipple piercing lol
Been sick with this flu 4 times 6 weeks. Getting ready for my second real workout :-)
and I do think the ref gave away a few ?able yellows early in what turned into a physical game, to our disadvantage
Look for me on the odot cams haha
I've learned getting lost in a foreign country with a friend can be the most memorable experience of a trip.
I miss you! <3
yes!!! Its so neat and spiffy;
Hopefully it's nothing serious for Collin and he just wanted some TV time for his gorgeous legs.
Hey ladies remember this: Ryan Braun STILL HAS HERPES
Since 1972, four of Seattle's mayors have gone missing at Discovery Park. Theories on what's happening to them today at noon.
Wen u are bitter abt some1, search ur memory 2 find gud moments u spent wit that person. People aren't always bad,they r often misunderstood
OMG I LUV U PEACE I LUV U GA
I didn't even finish my chai...haha. Good times. Now off to the schmooze fest.
": got my iphone back , got my ipad tooken . FML!">lawrdd , yu need to let me borrow ya ipad !!!
RT : Everybody agrees house #3 is a psychological death trap.
hi, i'm awkward.
Karaoke MVP presents karaoke and spoken word open mic at iLounge tonight starting at 8PM. 1287 D Glenwood Ave. Be there or we will find you!
welcome your really sweet:) it's dontstopbelieb_
Hahaha thanks man, fun playing with you too
Inspiring conversation with today.Great holistic view of the IoT's and its challenges
Well at my hotel in the stale cold freezing east coast! Did I mention how frozen it is outside? Love my room though;)
heading to Swagat for lunch, so stoked! if you haven't been there you should try it, fucking DELICIOUS
il tweet it
This Ho asked me was this my "man bag" im like this my "work bag" she "like wat do u do?" Im like not enough, but i see u extra lol
I wonder if Hennessey will drop Manny Pacquaio from their latest campaign in light of his remarks.
you started it
I just saw two fat turkeys eating a deer carcass on the side of the road...I could see the damn things ribcage. WHERE THE F*@# AM I!!!!!
#fridayreads Interrupting Chicken, David Ezra Stein, a Caldecott Honor book this year
Indeed. Just mention me when you've got it um, hashed out.
Just watched the Rock & Roll HOF induction ceremony from Cleveland's Public Hall--same venue as my HS graduation ceremony. Cleveland rocks!
Anyone on Vashon want to lend me a floating device today? Kayak? Canoe? Row boat? Worth a shot. :) Husband is aching to go boating.
orange for life!:D
I wanna join you! But I will NOT be nice when John Travolta is on the screen..
i've really let myself go.
im ready get at me ill pull up
#Linsanity back for game 5 in South Beach?
Got my tragus pierced today.... Finally. C:
why do black men like whataburger so much??
Heey payne i got tickets for your concert this morning Woo ! see you there bud
i hope you like cannibal corpse bc theyre all over the make out playlist
you are special! you were one of my first new friends during this whole journey of writing this series!
im getting nervous please pick me
Always so rewarding to volunteer! Enjoyed walking with seniors of #HaberHouse on Coney Island boardwalk. Thank you #NYCares for a great day!
you choose me over ice cream! Now I'm sad (; jkjk lol
I can't lie no more, I can't hide no more, Got to be true to myself
We're not doing anything in gym ugh let me leave
No sex bitchh i only want the neck bitch
"The last taping of Oprah and the end of the world in the same week...Coincidence?" omg I <3 the soup!
Awww thank you! :)
Don't think Pitbull has a chance against Mayweather tonight but you never know.
Hey #Belltown, looking for a chill place to have a cocktail? We've got you covered... Stop on in.
and we talked for the rest of the block not even focusing on biology
Late night games at sports and wellness
For that paper all the wrong things sound right
Appreciate the new follows!
Being misunderstood<
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly. by Sam Keen
had another Pierpont moment today. We should probably do something about this, it's starting to get creepy.
Fancy Feast commercial was blatant pandering to us
You probably think you know where this going, but this ain't one of them kind of songs.
You guys got the strength, you can do anything if you set your mind to it. It may seem difficult, but if you push hard enough
big turnout for #NSMN event on State of Sports in Chicago
Great deal! I always love 2 sharks for one.
#youresowhite you enjoy meatless meals.
We can give you an online company that can, but we would not be the cheapest. Let us know!
lol, I still haven't discovered that yet!
Im not even hungry no more
Awww poor baby,just leave lol
I and and have declared this THE summer song...for both the reasons you cite! Dance!
Just got bitch out by a trashy street ho. #H8rzGo'nBeH8'n
downtown .. cool
SHE ABOUT TO BE MADD.... LMAO!!
indeed! Yay orange!
How's that elbow feel, Metta World Peace?
Good Morning to all! Lord you are good and your mercies endure forever. I worship you because of who you are!
WHY DO YOU NEVER TELL ME THINGS... maybe id bring you cherrys if you did....
#kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Thursday, May 10, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset...
If you could race 3 Ironman races in 3 months would you do it??
Maybe I've just reached my limit with 9th graders...
interested in a shirt. Follow me, please.
Not surprisingly, dodges the question on about his stance on the flat tax and goes on attack to
BREAKING NEWS: Police investigating shots fired during a purse snatching near the 92/division MAX platform.
I'm done. I'm done texting you first. I'm done hoping you'll call and I'm done crying myself to sleep. You're just not worth it anymore.
If they took you to court on it, your guilty. I see through your bull shit!
I understand u got a man and imma dog.. like a half of brick I just drop it off
Still watching prospects of a significant warming trend for Midwest and Great Lakes late next week, going towards Easter.
maybe I should give the books a whirl!
Happiness does not lie in happiness, but in the achievement of it
31 is a beast tonight
Elearning By Design by William Thorton. Is this a good resource for higher ed instructional design? Anybody have a recommendation?
Enriching your surfing experience on the web, by grouping Blogs, Social Media and Markets together by association for a quick overview...
lmao, good idea!!
Chipotle Line= Ridiculously long
Peace and love. That is my life! :-)
Another one is Alfred McCoy CIA Complicity in Global Drug Trade - McCoy was still teaching at UW when I was there - missed him!
Looks like the #Indy #Valpak office is eating Arni's Restaurant's Pizza today!
_~||_. THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
great meeting you Saturday #diydays. We've got our work cut out for us! But it's doable!
“: Had a great workout. #NW the playoffs #TeamHEAT” let's go
: People don't like the feds interfering in local affairs. Imagine how it would look if it was another country interfering.
Drifting off to sleep to sounds of rain, soft thunder, and distant train whistles.
Just saw Limitless...great flick
Thanks for the kind words coach and thanks for supporting us!
Lol I forgot my password, that's why I haven't been on in a while and awwh thats cute btw I mde a facebook add me its Ayah Shreds
And a nod to your cute little fashiony self. Just because or whatever. Time to look at airline tickets.
how you diggin them video games and working out lol
Good news, everyone! GEAR Con's room discount is live, call Crowne Plaza Portland (conv. center) & ask the desk for our rate.
wow Ann really knows how to connect with the American people.
you are a loser! But you are the best big brother(:
Actor can't stop feeling, what is it to be a performer? Dies when not emotionally involved.
follow me back please(: 9
The car I'm in is rented I ain't with all that committment shit
Transportation and Planning team are in Edinburgh, Worcestershire and Surrey tomorrow - working local again!
well, it's ABOUT TIME.
Hey I heard you were a wild one.. O.... I sing so pretty =)
Had a good day with the big cousins :)
good luck this weekend!
Forbes Thought Of The Day “ Our aspirations are our possibilities. ” — Robert Browning
I would rock a tote bag so hard
thought about eating a late lunch, but I think I'm still full! ha!
My money is on the
It's like my life is flashing before my eyes. I should've drank more wine.
I'm being generous with the "B". Not even Dennys cute. Like the they're the mom's of the not cute girls that work at Dennys.
Hi Jeremy. Thanks for the follow!
glad we could clear it up on our end. And send us your info - we know clients love you guys, we want the world to know
die of happiness .
You might think "well, it looks like you're working on it," but no. I'm totally not.
Just got confirmation for my 2009 Doubleback allocation order. Be here in Mar!
I know right! It's like...is that the only reason ppl like vintage anymore??
yo wakeuppppp so we can go get recovery food
Are you both hungry & thirsty? Kilroy's Sports Bar has the $20 all you can eat and drink buffet today!
dude! Or person who owns this twitter! Stop pretending to be !!!
Everyone follow she's my best friend and she's an ICONiac
I love my mom, so much. She's been through more then I can imagine and she's held it together idk how she does it.
Worst day ever
...wow, this is awesome...thanks! :) Beautiful ladies!
What you meant the story to be and what the story is are two different things.
thank you...i feel like i am the lucky one
Thanks for the retweet! We are launching soon! Super excited to being starting in #MKE!
I've had them do that after the pedicure -- put shoes back on so then you don't mess up the polish later.
poor guys as if the drive wasnt long enough prob be faster to load em up in vans!
Wtf am I suPposed to do w/O hot water?! I hope its on by morning.. Or this ass aint bathing!! Watch out now!!
Who's going to #HumpDaySale tomorrow?
Prepared for my first 5K run on Saturday morning. Sombrero beach run. In Marathon, FL Keys.
Fashion Media Philippines: Cebu&#39;s male model imports Luke Wilson ...
have you looked at YouTube to see if any one had made tut's for it?
That sounds fair and an extra for Sakya since I called her Ryan!
Thanks for the kind words/RT. I appreciate it. Jeff
YESS Best halloween ever! in a GREATT MOOD :D now time for birthday :))
MTI Printing their brochures with GSEA Group...who's designing/printing yours?
Worth every penny. You look beautiful in it!
Follow me i follow back!!!
Good, taught too many classes this semester but thankfully it's almost over. Business feels good too.
*Special* $85.00 Down payment on select models! (W.A.C.A) Please call for more information 405-631-3388! We cant wait to hear from you!!
Awkward Moment -.-
RT SAFETY TIP: If you see a downed power line, keep yourself and others away! Call 911, then notify SDG&E at (800) 411-7343
Help us, O God our Savior, for the glory of your name. Deliver us and forgive our sins for your name's sake. Ps. 79:9
Today I had a Lindt chocolate ball filled with peanut butter from their Gaithersburg shop. Oh. My.
IT'S NOT ME!
Seve cried for 2 hours once after losing a 9-hole playoff. His competitor, who won, stated..."I cried for 2 hours before I played Seve.".
Take advantage of the Energy Deregulation Boom with the Most Lucrative Biz and the largest footprint in the Industry.Call 1-646-397-9817
Omg shut up! So in love with 's little one...she melts my heart
After gathering & analyzing years of auditory data, I've come to the conclusion that motorcycles are 15,000 times louder than necessary.
May I request Found Found Found? I'd like to send it out to my bandmates in Möbius Strip here in DC!
Easiest way to make sure I'm late for work,
“: yet another reason i want to move RT" I get anywhere and everywhere in Wausau in seven minutes.
Hmm, the commenter actually said "blind arrogance." I think I was actually right though...
Jeffrey Stevens (UCLA) speaks on the Cult of Nemesis and her transformation from goddess of wrath to use in civic propaganda & iconog.
I wish I would have known he was outside my house...
Cool beans! Publish a #mindmap of the pros & cons. Don't forget a couple of photos! :)
whats up Alex blessings to you & yours.
It's midnight and I'm not at a movie theatre watching the Avengers. I fail at life.
107 degrees in Dubai today. This is a first for me. OMG.
That's okay, my doc's office does that too.
Come, they told me, parum-pa-pum-pum. But they didn't tell me anything about an unmarked well.
“: Coming downtown to see the St. Patricks' Day Parade? ...YMCA staff strutting down the parade route! :)” -- We'll see you there!
blah blah blah tweet tweet poop
Nic Batum expected to return to starting lineup tonight. Still battling left quad tendonitis. He went through shoot-around today.
Lol at this white dude that has "50 cent" tatt'd on his neck.
The Milwaukee Ale House is the home of the "best swing night in town for over 12 years!" Join us at tonight at 8!
I always catch myself though.
RT : Sometimes I find myself wishing the Nuge would just focus on music. Then I remember how bad that was too.
scouring the newsroom for a small digital camera to use in a story. failed.
Sitting in Cabin number 1 at Coopers El Vado Ranch. Enjoying some time with my good friend David Cooper & my Family. Thank you Lord!
like on behalf of fat models? (i hope) confused.
we are a hair extension company! Get a consultation with a color specialist for the best result :)
just needs a lil duck tape and it'll be in tip top shape 😊👍.....😳
here's to the past
OMG! your 14 and Cute <3
So my prof is playing us the mel gibson tapes in class.....
right now it is 10:11 am... I'm about to go to six flags lol
perfoming tonight at The Writers Room in LA. She's T.I.'s newest artist and comes hard. -
Nah. That's the REAL me! LOL
lol I only base that off the creepy glasses they are making.
One by one they all just fade away.
At #sdsummit; just getting going; first up mark zuckerman. Wow.
Two show day!
WE here the NEW York Audio & AV Show is going WEll. Good for you guys!! Our own Marjorie Baumert is on site as well
When and where is the next one? Announcement?
sh sh sh it's ok little mac I know you're dying.
she was the first and best I ever had ;)
man chillen bro. Up randomly at 5 lol. What you up to? The album ready yet?
i wanna see it when u get done
Old process: gamble for awhile, recover/celebrate, jump back in. With the new process I ride through all the emotions as I'm grinding.
BEACH HOUSE at July 21!!!
Happy first day of Spring! What's your favorite restaurant in #Chicago that has outdoor patio seating?
Looking for ELA teachers interested in collaborating on #flipclass panel at #ncte12 in Vegas. Proposals due Jan. 20.
RT : #bigSmoke2012 can't wait | I'm doing a little smoke after dinner...does that count?
jasmine is sleeping.
Shop Buck Island Creek Farm, Iona Farm, Grunt N Gobble Farm, Highlawn Farm, Lower Sherwood Farm, Mossy Acre, Bethel Family Farm, more!
Sense of humor? That's still a thing? Not if we have anything to do with it.
He is so sexii
oh hii! thanks for the follow.
I'm on month 2 of daily allergy meds, but it is worth it for beautiful ABQ days like this! Can't wait to dig in some dirt!
hopefully!! Good luck! If you dont, still go down to Boston on March 3rd, maybe you'll get lucky and meet them! x
Also making the FT in Jax that Shawn Cunix dude and this year's wunderkin Darren Elias.
RT : Happy founders day to all my sisters
enough having conversatons with these niggas , i got a faithful boy by my side . & it would hurt to loose him
“ “ Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you will ever know.””
Thx 4 the msg ! Your site looks great! Would love if u would review our sitcom about homebrewing when it's released next month.
I can't believe he is gone. We love you Michael Jackson
Modesto JC is psyched about having a cohort of 12 faculty go through the online instructor training program!
Attending African American genealogical society meeting in Orlando FL. Love listening to Ms Mary Fears's story...never gets old..
#NP Destroyer - Bay of Pigs "please remove your spurs. Come to think of it remove your antlers"
everyone deserves a second chance
me and priscilla ate fried oreas last night so like i woke up at 3:00 in the morning and my stomach was sick that i threw^
They half half-price drink nights, but Flemings at Crabtree as great specials plus wine flights.
Parents see a school as a 5 star hotel. Kids see school as a Jail. Teachers see the school as a zoo. Im with the kids on this one.
Studio flow..... But need food before I pass out.... Lol
I'm jumping back into the product review & giveaway game. I've gotten tons of emails over the past few months but have declined.
is she drunk yet
Thank God for noise canceling headphones.
best place for it! BTW, Mr. Scone is very mopey that he cannot be with you doing the same!!
lose yourself, beautiful, sing for the moment. urs?
#Dewey admits firm could close in memo to employees, says my story online. broke the news.
#1thingiwantforchristmas snow. I would LOVE to have a white Christmas!
girl yes she didn't goin any where lol
Thank you!
Insert end-of-civilization analogy here.
Damon from Oklahoma says I had a cuppola o dwinks from the mini ba...
#LAthtr actors... come check out our website. register. stay connected. rate & review agencies/casting/photogs/restaurants
Then I was like uh thanks. 😓
she's a dime lol
Third Ward: broadway and buffalo
Oh yes! And quinoa has good protein too!
Making a hydrophone out of piezzo discs and plastidip for underwater recording.
n ur dreams buddy
The conflicts of social life and the limitations of nature cannot be controlled or transcended
Happy Mardi Grass everyone!! Don't forget your DD if you're out drinking this evening.
That's deep. And I don't know the answer.
*sigh* i thought about playin madden but fck football right now..back into the booth i go..
you can take the invoice because we know where you Twitter. :)
my experience was the opposite yesterday. Kick ass flight attendants. Terrible, unempatetic gate agents.
I am not a pc user so I never tried it on a pc if u have a MacBook like me go on twitter and log in try it
I love you Justin. More than Selena.
Today's Drink Special: Sweet Tea Collins. Get into it! It's hot outside, but cool in here! Come by and enjoy our games and yourself!
i'm 14 too xP lol
Thanks,sweethearts?
I will, but of course, I still can't find Idaho.
Dear Baltimore, I'll give you that: your sunrises are cool.
I'm not. So yeah maybe we can go together.
Waiting for at the castleton square mall. So excited.
Last day of #EPL action is THIS Sunday! Good thing #EURO2012 is coming up!
Fabulous Fashion Internship NYC# High school internship# Focus group mall shopping and teen fashion trends.
Next time I will!
lol shut up n i guess but Idk if she feel.the same
sure thing drew
(Not really! We have about twenty years of U.S. history to plow through. It would have been fun though.)
Thanks for following me!C;
Does any one happen I be an expert w solidworks? I an naht and need help
I've searched but I can only access sneak peeks 1 and 2... Not 3 and 4 (if there even is any;; I haven't seen them yet)
Drink like The King? Um, yes! RT Just found a drink called The Elvis Presley.
get to spend all day coach with blood yayy!!!
Thank you. This is just a fan page, follow
Don't do it again. lmao, Where ya been good sir?
Sorry to say but fanny pack can't compete with the rest of the crews and they need to go home
Movie marathon con Megan. Popcorn & soda bc it's Fat Tuesday duh.
Last tweet in all seriousness. Kingpin took them down, along with their unfortunate name. I digress from the point, but ...
Inside every working anarchy, there's an Old Boy Network. - Mitchell Kapor
Tis a bit sad, really.
It's lunchtime! Today's Specials: Tostadas chicken or steak. Soup & 1/2 sandwich. Soup: chicken pot pie.
wow, that's so nice. Glad to meet you too - already a fan of your blog and writing. :)
Shout out to for being 1of 7 people,creating change in #Baltimore. Get the March issue of & read all about it.
good points for sure, race and class do tend to have a correlation regardless
Since when #women health issues = slush fund??? #GOP and #malechauvinism leading
That amazing feeling when inspiration hits..
its decided, im becoming a boxer
That sounds like fun. At least you dont work tonight like me. :(
This fucking lady is really getting on my nerves
All relationships GO through Sh*T, But REAL relationships GET through SH*T...keep it funky thou..
I deserve a medal for making it through this week without stabbing someone with a fork.
(9:40) Temperatures are warming and dew points are falling! Dry air in place, making comfortable weather conditions.
can you please follow me thanks :D
Happy Mothers Day!
yes let's get you toned for your Bday bash Maybe could lend you a dress!
hehe- we have the same difficulty...Everyone loves a puppy!
Buying running shoes is stressful
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
im going to break my straight iron!
Sitting inside a church, and all I see are hos everywhere
you know what would be great? If it was spring break already. I'm really not up for 3 mor days of school.
lmfaoo you stupid dude
Flying Virgin to LA. The plane is purple. Like Soul Plane. I hope Snoop is the pilot.
keep the info coming
say hey to RBH
Do you inquisitively discover, or reluctantly discover? There is a MAJOR difference. ......Just do your research....
Now that the rapture has taken place, I've realized that Heaven is a lot different than I expected it to be. Hm!!!!
4 times the payroll but .,. Crickets
You need new weave...
Looking for folks with expert Java experience, experience working with web services and integrated logic, in a multi-tiered environment.
that's an understatement. ha.
Everyone affects the world constantly through our actions. Through every thought, our every word.. were constantly affecting the world
LAF ;D GCF Taught Me To Be Classy <3.
FYI, Mirror Mirror is delightful, charming, fun, & shockingly good. I know, I wasn't expecting that either.
RT : Sorry I couldn't mention anything sooner! Thank you to everyone who has voted for HP ! You guys and girls are so awesome :) xx
Coming up after 5:30, joins us to discuss the lawsuit filed today by Jonathan Vilma.
:***** I'll send you kisses until you stop <3
I hate Betty now more than ever.
honored to be part of the brotherhood
I just want you to know that I want to marry you, you can wear your Spiderman suit to bed. (:
Alright everyone, I'm pretty stoked for my evening-- I'm going to see !!
I love it when lunchables put the ingredients you need first at the very bottom of every thing
watching shaq vs JB on youtube again and now I wanna go bowling with !!!!!!!!!!
Awww. Thank you! :D
and haha changed it.
Thanks for the follow, Jasmina!
FWD: : Make me VERY happy. RT Wow! We've found 73 books with positive teacher role models. Here's the list: h ...
Really wishing i still lived in Bama right about now. Hating it in Houston more and more everyday.
May is for Miracles! Visit Walmart, Sam's Club, Costco, Marco's Pizza and Valvoline and donate to Children's Miracle Network Hospitals!
add "makes baby goat noises"... just the thought of it makes me smile.
I keep having dreams I'm at #NERDHQ doing karaoke of "Total Eclipse of the Heart" w/ . In my dreams I can't sing either!!!
me RT : My new album, "Dear Summer", is gon be my best trust me... What dope producer should I work wit?
NW- law n order
Congratulations on the newest Socha Member. I wish you all the best with the baby. Plenty of goodtimes and memories to come :)
send me some!
Carlisle: "I doubt we'll meet again." Violet: "Do you promise?"
might've been influenced by a few things, but I just ate what I'm sure is the most delicious pepperoni hot pocket I've had in my life
Sounds like a good way to wrap the day up :)
Yes! Chicago, LA, NY shops take heed: "If you don't have $, look at long form improvisers that can write."
": The Senate lost a brilliant strategic mind, a man with absolute integrity. He will be missed.- VP on "Indy will miss U!RT
HowAboutWe Stop Acting Like People We Aren't And Start Acting Like Ourselves
Like Mufasa, this king will never leave in spirit.
haha u just don't understand how much weight you can loose with this product!
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason... then I realized I was thinking about you.
New house, new album coming new video coming, new friends but I got the same attitude I'm blessed like hell
I just moved here from graham nc a small town about 20 mins from Chapelhill. I have been here a month now.
I'm wearing a pink 🎀 for
As a follow up to my previous tweet, I'm now totally drunk. And in love!!!
OMG PSF float in the Apple Blossom parade?
do yous like dashboard confessional???
You must change in order to survive
Going to see Act of Valor again and then going to watch my favorite movie of all-time, The Godfather.
do it! Anything for food!
I thought I read bush was signed weeks ago?
Don't forget. Tomorrow and celebrate the birth of aka Mrs. Lawrence at Trophy Bar.
Please follow me(; 12
RT Never to try is always to fail.
Sleep is my new favorite thing.
Chowed down at golden corral with dad. Ok didn't really chow but watched as everyone else did.
Younger thanks Kingston. He'll appreciate the backup for his deathmatch with Jacobs.
right huh.. Yummmmmmyyyyyy
#GCB = Freaking hilarious!!!!!!
Get ready for the first ever #AVbyte musical theatre short!
When I was 5- I had a coin w/ Smokey the Bear on it: "Only YOU can prevent forest fires." Why was I the chosen one? It was a confusing time.
Normally people around u won't understand ur vision because their limited to it.Do what's best for u and ur surroundings will get it later.
You now make more money than the Houston Astros make as an entire organization.
Haha! Oh, you know, just got a few stitches and all. No big deal.
but he is a little ginger, he cant be packin that much
I am so mad at Barack Obama's treason that I want a tea party to overthrow the US federal government.
Gibbs and I are going, actually!
so social studies isn't your favorite subject I'm guessing?
who cares about the phone line, overall we heard it...rock on !!
Oh, pretty! I'm itching to read that book, too.
The Growers is growing, another investor is on board! The film is moving forward! if you are interested please contact me!
Live music tonight at 7 !!!
Hoping I can keep my eyes open for tonights gig.
Oops. I've been spellchecked. Aurelio (not Arthur) Zen and Jackson Brodie (not Brody). Oh well. Long day.
I can't tell if that's a cop or not
Nanotube Technology Leading to Fast, Lower-Cost Medical Diagnostics (NSTI) Share With Friends: | | Science - Nanotechnology News , News
Tough loss for the Nice gm Monta and Udoh... carmelo should get called for a foul every possession btw.
nice! What year is the BSB shirt from? I keep thinking I should send some of my shirts to Crash so he can make a hoodie.
When I pay for my groceries and the cashier hands me the receipt I like to smile and say "this will all be poop soon"
thnks!!! 2 the ladies of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Happy Founders Day 2 u!!! We thank Dr. King everyday, Happy MLK Day
It is mad people at Miami Prime......Damn
A regular cut is 15 bucks, which isn't too bad these days. Plus it's worth it just to hang out in there and people watch!
Cheers! Thanks for sharing your wisdom last night in #Atomicchat. :)
no problem! Always down for good music
#WomenWhotThinkLikeAMan know how not to get walked on & can see behind the manipulation. Beat them at their own game.
LMFAO don't know his name but I know he PAID ya feel me
I want a thick one wit two butts da front n back
haha its the truth :p
foxiest panel eva. Top notch footwear, and even better books
Gung Hoy Fat Choy! The semester has begun at Laney #College! Today I begin my mastery of statistics & general chemistry.
#librotraficante quotables: "Arizona, the whole world is watching."
In Phineas and Ferb, the theme song says, "There's 104 days of summer vacation..." so why is there 121 episodes?!?! MIND = BLOWN.
sum guy parkoured off a bridge & into Will River. what an amatoor! Us cats r expurt parkours at berth! Just ask mah mom and 27 bros/sistahs
Feel better and get some rest!
People who don't workout at like fitness isn't everything
thanks for following, I will do the same.
In desperate need of my own bed, and an empty bedside to remind me of my mistakes.
Game over. Clippers have to take care of business at home.
Lmao I've been seeing your tweets all over my TL...you crazy bruh!
Rest of school year: 1. Mock MN Legislature 2. Best Movie of All Time 3. Powers of the President 4. Mock Trial
Stuck in hail storm?? Guess I can make some business calls.
who the fuck is this guy
making a new twitter. brb
RT : not in florida..the one in dc ....OH
I don't know where you live silly!
The guy sitting in front of me is eating a grilled cheese. He chose the side salad. Will he finish his plate? STAY TUNED.
not a joke. But I don't wanna fight. It's just a fact.
I'm also thinking about a Warehouse 13 spec.
Spent lunch today with classmates...the entire conversation was "why u don't eat, u not getting protein, u r missing out u u u bla bla bla
2011 is gonna be phenomenal...I've decided
Good morning. Time to start my day.
Spring is a great time to detox: body, emotions, mind, spirit!
Thanks for tuning in!
Yahoo Adds Video Program With Katie Couric
"I'm not shoutin' nothin', I'm quiet as a mouse!" Yells the woman on the train. She may be talking on the phone, but maybe just to herself
For all the latest breaking #laxgrad2012 news, follow live tweets from
How can a man get raped ? That doesnt match up.
Most importantly, our #caregivers adapt to the client’s routine
Thems was the days.
chicago eifs contractors
Spent 4 hours working on the lawn. Pleasantly exhausted. Dirt in the hands & under the fingernails really helps one to reset priorities.
Children's Librarians spread the love! Thank you!
Thanks for the follow
My ideal mother's day treat would be a massage and steak dinner with my family
Tell me to be E but, Pizza time delivers you fresh hot brownies. Who knew
After watching that video of the State of the College, I'm embarrassed to say I'm a graduate of Columbia College. BECAUSE OF THE STUDENTS.
How dare you try and insult my intelligence
- I hear you brother. Hang in and know the best stuff will come after hours with good people you meet...all in good time.
is that action performed "on board" something?
Done and done.
Kids bop singe the beetles... Someone must die for this!
That awkward moment when "Jesse J" is trending when its actually Jessie J.
ROW 9 SEAT 17 meet n greet for !!!!
How can there possibly be someone so beautiful on this Earth?! ♥ Ariana is asdfghjklo G.O.R.G.E.O.U.S ♥
Thanks for the follow Alex.
At least they didn't boo. That's a step up for them.
Not a shocker!
Congrats to Brad Keselowski on your second place finish this past weekend! Keep up the good work in the Miller Lite Blue Deuce.
what happened now?
Mark Harmon turns 60 today. He's hot. He's married to Pam Dawber (Mindy from Mork & Mindy).
Working on adding dynamic charts to Interlink for CommitCRM. Visualize business trends with your CommitCRM data.
What do you mean?
Thunder are hitting everything!!! Dang
taking a road trip to Pittsburgh this weekend. How much of an adventure are we in for?
why didnt we think of this sooner!!!!!!
My new job is: director of media relations for the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association. Congrats Benet!
Most definitely! Thanks for adding us too :) Keep rockin' the tunes!!
She said "Thank you" and to tell your mom she said Happy Mothers Day :)
When you hit someone is fine,but when they hit you it's the worst thing ever!
A Woman love" by King Baba James. #nowplaying sucksfreeradio.
thanks for following and thanks for showing up at re:public, was great to meet you!
GMGM on finding a new coach: "I'm not in any rush."
Cruz is saving the acrobatic catches for the SB against the
It is what it is...!
Harry Potter Forbidden Journey is absolutely amazing!
wanna get a hat too homie
: I write thrillers, first 3 based in San Francisco and the current work in progress set in Oxfordshire, England.
yeah between Ben Dover and Mike oxlong's house
Adieu, UK....thanks for the new sights and especially for the new pals. This is place knows how to make people on vacation feel at home.
I have a tough time keeping up too. 100+ people a day say hi to me & Barron while we man the grill.
Continuing programs for elder communities..need art supplies..can you help? Brushes, mat board, acrylic paint, etc.
Watch EVERYBODY try to order that 
I used to work at Loved it!
did u just substitute the word tail for ass!! I'm out..😡✌where's the ignorance!!!?
How many people have you caught not wearing green today and had to pinch?
workout was refreshing now its time to meditate
same here...
They now have bannana nut cheerios!
On this date in 1846, the NYS Legislature officially granted the charter for the University at Buffalo!
Latin Tinge Thursday's featuring the best Salsa, Timba, Merengue & more. FREE dance lessons @ 9 pm.
actin like I gotta lie bout something , shit hoes sit down & be quiet . Hushh
Oh when it all it all falls down!! I still be jammin that shit...
I'm prob the only person sans Skype :-/ should I get it?
Yay i get to see one of the episodes of legen of korra ive missed
Page 38 of 366 I just wrote the longest essay in history
Now that I'm following BetterMade I suddenly have a craving for their chips. Wish people had a craving for our cleaning
I love the translator he gets so nervous and he like shakes when he talks haha <3 Mad respect. Relax them nerves <3!!
I love all the brick buildings in Chicago - always seems novel to me coming from Alaska.
Our #FF is the iron-clad indie publisher who taking literary risks no one else would ever dare.
hahah awesome man lets do it #lavoyallenbandwagon right down 95
Assessing submissions is remarkably interesting; yet, with 400+ to work through, I'm easily distracted
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Gamble on Deruler (gamble on me)
Brightline Interactive to Debut Experiences at Sports Illustrated at the ...
If there is a way to do it better...find it! - Thomas Edison
Just a programming note; we just recorded on Thursday, so expect the show Saturday or Sunday. Thanksm Lil' BS'ers!
really glad that the palette isn't destroyed..nice variety of ever beer imaginable on display...beautiful.,what a day
Fuck you Chris
lmaoo word up take me wit u
“: I love the way that Rachel and Kurt support each other through thick and thin #Glee”
I saw you in concert at Chicago House of Blues with Nas. Bet you haven't done that?
Good music - quite a good vibe... One crowd so no turning of tables... 1100 (pretty bad)
Chumlee, think you would ever let that beard grow to become one of the great beards of history?
“: Bigg beauty chick be da black man saver!”****Big booty chick is a black mens saver ! *****
K-Shine, Rich Dolarz, D.N.A, Cortez, and Swave Sevah. Out of all them the best battle would either be Cortez or K-Shine.
Look forward to participating in Chicago's #ChiChat tomorrow! Who else is going to be there?
no is the standard response.
miiishhhyoutooo :( :( aaww ! well if you wanna talk you can text me whenever ! (: <3
no. I bought all the merchandise. Lol all at a good price though :-)
Be completely honest: Is your holiday shopping done?
your contact form isn't working-- other ideas?
He still wears UA cleats, they could probably resign him if they wanted too.
You know who could handle this? kristopherson, that kid is a natural olympic level athlete.
If anybody should have vagina Klout, it's you. (Although Klout seems to get a lot of things wrong.)
We thought we were going live outside an empty school... turns out there's a school dance that gets out at 9 p.m. Chaos ensues.
Related: Just got a penicillin shot to relive symptoms of this awful benedict cumberbatch I've been suffering from.
Who has the best chance to stay undefeated the Colts or the Saints?
"Military Under-Reports Incidents Of Afghan Soldiers Shooting At U.S. Troops" #huffpost Because they're so grateful for what we've done!
That must make me Santa Claus!
Niall Horan is Handsome is trending ... we all know I agree.
This feeling <<<<
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Im so bored i has just hired two private detectives to follow each other
Last winter too much snow. This winter too much sickness. But I would gladly take snow over this never-ending cold & flu season.
Up right now copyrigthin this Stuff! Time consuming but worth it
My 2nd! Have the cutest 2 y/o nephew :-) AND in 3 wks I'll hit the trifecta when my other sis in law has her 1st!
I'm not flexible but 've wanted to try hot yoga for a while now. I've checked out a few places. This is a great deal.
I gave him back like 4 bucks
Yes we do mix and master. We have capability to do everything from top - bottom for production! You should come & check us out!
thanks....woohoo! At least we do baseball well...football; ugh
Kennywood Day! Meeting up with Gabbie at the school so we can take the bus as long as she's on time.. I WILL leave without her if I have to!
sounds good, Kenny Loggins house? wow, cool, gotta see you perform soon!
Canada producer prices edge up on petroleum, coal - Creamer Media's Mining Weekly
JP is the guy that was in that picture and he wants to kill Miranda's baby. Mystery solved!
Yes you will. I on the other hand, will be a mega-millionaire!!
Love cath z-j, but she definitely doesn't deserve the Tony. Why is film taking over broadway???
Tough night for Carmelo. Not only does his comeback result in a loss , but it comes against the guy the Knicks should have traded for. Ugh
hungry hungry hungry
Isn't it great that so many stores went out of business so we could have the seasonal wonders known as Halloween superstores?
. Keynes said that because he felt limited by everything that had been discovered about economics. We are now in thrall to him.
how you got my pw?
No time to see a play, but thrilled to be on my way to see RED at arena stage in DC.
An ambulance just drove up to Marshall Elementary to transfer somebody to the helicopter
Very cool, Mr. Kelly, we'll check it out. Congrats on the CD!
And we have a winner! RT : what a morning. can we just cut the rest of this bs and call it happy hour already?
Finally did my taxes yesterday, ended up not owe'n shit,knockin out this fasfa last minute so i can have some chump change for school.
but how will you tap into knowledge/results of others if they're not in the flow of your work? And how will they get captured?
You wouldn't do anything if you could Lil boy. YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE I LIVE.
At for my grad lunch with the fam!
At precinct 66, driving for a strong finish to the #ward5se!
with mi amigos
Thank you !!!
As GT/Dewey talks progress, one source says Dewey would need to shed roughly half its partnership for deal to occur.
Anatidaephobia is the fear that somewhere in the world, there is a duck watching you.
Ha! Love it. That needs to be a defense to premeditated crimes.
that sounds sexy
Whoever thinks they have no time for bodily exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness. ~ Edward Stanley
Congratulations to Melanie Turner of Melanie Turner Interiors for winning (AGAIN!) Southeast Designer of the Year!!
Bleh. I cant go to the show tomorrow because i have no money..... I think im going to cry :(
RT : Who can recommend a projectors? Need them for in office use and meetups. Wireless connection preferred.
CenTex families affected by the fires need diapers, wipes, baby food, and baby toiletries. You can drop off at Pearl Studio Tues-Fri....
follow back!
Oh. Wait. It's just some Thai pseudo-porn spam account. Shit.
Guess it's time to update my Twitter feed...
at La Cantera shopping the day away!
"Even a broken watch is right 2 times a day". - unknown
Congrats Chloe on the 'Carrie' lead!!! I think you are beautiful & very talented!!! Xoxo
9016912337 | claim this number, who are you???
It all starts again as we have the Natural Products Assoc convention Monday and luckily in Vegas no travelling
Some ppl need some new hobbies
Trying to stay positive but I believe Justin Verlander is going to absolutely devour the A's lineup today.
Good Morning! Hope you enjoyed your Thanksgiving with your family. Now it's time to get back to work and be productive! Next up Christmas!
If we don't discipline ourselves, the world will do it for us.
Will we see you at #Tasteof8 tomorrow? will be hosting the soft-launch of so swing by!
My dog lifts his leg - "Not on my camellia!" Screeches my neighbor.
No such thing as a day off!
Can't sleep because I'm too worried about the nation's debt.
Curious to see what Lee's focus/narrative/approach to Brazil will be.
Nah, just feeling crummy. But I'll be okay (^.^) thank you <3
Also, thank you! :)
If the U.S. had followed European conservatives' economic model we would now be in a second recession. Proof government spending worked.
Happy mothers day to all you mothers out there :)
fair enough.
School /: ugh!
thats been in several TV News reports - Hamas hiding in Hospitals dressed as doctors - sorta like hiding bombs in mosques
did you see frapp happy hour starts Fri?! Made me think of our Starbs runs this time last year!
Still wanting to be friends? Im cool with that... We were always best friends. Other emotions just got in the way. 😒
DUKES w/Boston Pops w/Keith Lockhart this week. Sold out concerts. Whoo hoo. Back in NOLA on Sunday.
Full day in NYC... Great seeing at The Late Show. Last time was when I did #Will&Grace in L.A! So talented and incredibly fun
what's up? U the baddest on my time line
You are awesome! Thanks for the RT :)
what's the good word man?
Speaking The Truth!
Ive failed more than I've succeeded. Which is precisely why I have so much success!
they don't have an answer to leaks and file sharing so it's every man for himself right now.
love that quote, go Herbie!
Me too! Thanks much. :-)
Green Lantern is going to be sick. I'm so psyched.
Ops is right. Going to cost Obama a lot of votes even though media BS spinning otherwise!
So much catching up to do on #codeyear this weekend! Still stalled on Week 3 from being so busy
and I'd be there with ya
Microcredit Options: Need funding for a small business? Find out what's available. Parker Williams Branch, Wed. 3-4:30PM...
I find solace in rooting for the winners that respect the game.
Someone tell me what's Gianna's number I lost it e!!!!
Email of the day: "I'll be there tomorrow w/ the paper and some dumplings" from our friends at Gigi's Asian Bistro & Dumpling House. M...
Where'd you get those peepers
Travis Wall Workshop tonight! Can not wait to see what he has to bring to the studio!
sittin on a fat wallet all day hurts my ass
When I was in jail she let me call her collect
enh. Fairly minor. For the saddle bolt shearing mid-ride... :) (No really: fell, but minor scrapes, & bike fixable by me.)
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep.... the other half is Fantasy Life aka DREAMS... the way you want to do things.
Where did you meet your mate?
RT : Just placed a phn order 2 the local sub shop. .. ...Ready in 10 mins. #nicetobehome <- VERY COOL!
i dont understand why you went to venezuela and not colombia...
Heat fans quiet an shit
nice ya just ask josh when he wants me 2 come by and im there
goodnight/good morning :) <3
We need 2 color screen printed t-shirts for June 16th, and we need quotes. Any screen printers in the Pitt area?
always a pleasure!
sweet tell her to get on it lol
coming to on March 27!
No sudden moves: You're looking emotional commitment right in the eye. Question: Where do you stand?
Back in biz mein! ": RIP 2 iPhone. We lost a great part of the iPhone community #lostiphone”
So #LukeBryan on #ACM - it's getting hot in here!
yeah and Im fine.(:
Happy Birthday!
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
We're excited to have as our venue sponsor for the 2012 Mile High Horror MUSIC SHOWCASE, September 27-29.
Ya see? We're just making dreams come true.
we don't list squidoo pages
Seriously losing it here!! LMAO!!
Have u ever had a breakfast pizza?? U can get a great 1 @ common grounds in #fayetteville_ar! Get a bloody Mary 2! Best breakfast ever!
OMG - That was like a Twitter cross-tweet/Retweet paranormal event. I have goosebumps!
VIP at Barley House. This is my weird existence.
we will say, an upgrade from the average
Just saw a commercial for a product called "Sticky Buddy". It even boasts about having rubber fingers.
I'd go "must win series" but game? Naw. Let's not be overly dramatic. Win or split the series is fine for now.
FYI. If you are a local Columbus UX'er, you should connect with (the conf. organizers) for monthly activities and community.
BIG BIZ Term of the Day ad valorem tax
Don't know how to feel...
I can't believe he has only hours to live & he's SEVEN years old. I hate you cancer :(
I thank you and the men of thank you. A very special evening.
u know wht man I thnk white folks are supporting this, but I think there is some shock value here
just cover up your steve jobs heart tattoo
We heard your were mentioned on the radio this morning! tell me more!
Just spoke with thousands of kids from around the country for a webinar on poverty & what kids can do to help. A great session!
thanks boo :o)
Hungarian police raided the set of Brad Pitt's new movie. I guess the AK-47's weren't properly disabled. Oops.
Thank you!! for choosing for your event!!!We hope to see all of you soon!
I will totally try to get #showJesuslikeTebowandGrace trending
I love that neither of my kids holds grudges.
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket. -Adam Sandler
Longer lives may lead us to plan our lives differently. What would you do differently?
Youre not an adult until you can handle situations maturely, are able to live on your own, & not say words like, "swag". 18 yrs old is a lie
Leverage is being shot near my work, anyone want to go in on a loaf of bread, sit on a bench, and feed the extras?
Kong paid me a visit. I missed him so much
Downloaded Fruity Loops 10 and I have no clue what the hell I'm doing. I'm a Reason type producer but I must expand my talents...
are you alive... I'm barely.
I dont feel welcome in my own house
Happy Happy Weekend!
follow before she commits!28
I think it would be better as a movie.
Good morning!
lmfaoo for now....
I get excited when I see the light.
I'm so excited for you!!:) your dreams are coming true!:) you'll seriously love it!
lmfao you makin fun of me cause I said bro?
damn well at least yu had fun...i wanna partying
yeah we could've listened to another 10-15 minutes for sure! Very interesting story.
A clean Ruby is a happy DeAnn.
ta!!! the day i go into school :/
Each day we grow older. Each day we should grow wiser. How are YOU doing today?
Thank you!
"Hey, you got some beer there." "Yeah. And you, uh, sure like cashews."
Traffic is horrible on 1604 and blanco
I have my first EOC today. Yeah I'm gonna fail
Wouldn't it be nice to make as much as a rock-star for one year!
A man who reads is irresistable in deed and in bed.
I love you :]
O's undefeated.
For all you math fans, I love my new Mobius strip scarf. I'm gonna wear it all day long tomorrow and no one can stop me! :)
Things you should do when you hit 30: Start eating meals that don't require ketchup.
nerd Predictions on next week ? Will Eli do it again ?
Why did the idiot have his sundial floodlit ?So he could tell the time at night !
(Gotta love Cali for the Warm Weather Women and The Weed)
Went to Ferch's for lunch today and thought of you! Next time you're in town, let's make a date! (Ricardo's will suffice too!)
I. Demand. Data. Porn.
Hooray! What did you order?
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one's own in the midst of abundance.
I need a summer Job so I could save up 4 the belive tour
What happened to Shoshana at this upcoming concert? :-(
Wow, everyone is blowing up the lines for tickets Good luck, loves. :) I'll be taking your calls
did you mean me? no @ in your message! :)
lmao you definitely can girl :)
Yes i ams :-) went straight to the mechanic and called Erik and now Im waiting for him #areyouleaaaaving ? ;D
Yeah, I guess it works the same as having a Bordeaux designed for American palates on the market :(
solid! Gin & tonics this weekend?
I do, because then, feminist or not, it just seems ungracious.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Always stay yourself, there are others enough. Be strong, be loud, be proud.
laying in my towel after that shower >>>
C'MON MAN DANG NASTY . NOW I GOTTA LOGG OFF!
I'm no mathematician, but according to my calculations more people need to shut the fxck up.
Thank you! Have a great week!
Great time of the year to be in WI...are you going to a GBP game?
It's thunderstorming (: so relaxing.
Follow us at to get and updates in one place.
In each of UK's last 6 champ years, the Yankees went on to win the World Series later that year.
They look great! !RT Wowza!! Just saw a few of the pics from my photo shoot! Thank you Martin Mann!
I am ashamed to admit I am clueless on how to update/maintain lists in Hootsuite so I have to keep opening regular twitter to fix things
our pleasure! Thanks!!!
tweeting for class. leggooo
When I'm Nervous Or There's Too Much Pressure On Me, It All Of A Sudden Gets Really Fuckin Hot In The Room Lbs
because you had to :P
everybody who now posts "meme" will soon be sick of everybody posting "meme," which will then return to obscurity.
lol I'm about to have one again
U a stupid hoe!!
lol I know. 😁 But I mean I don't use that hash-tag.
Vegas this weekend with my 3 best friends. Can it get any better?
West Potomac hires Jeremiah Davis, former Penn State defensive lineman ... - Washington Post
no advice just now, but I like that you're asking the question. I remember mine were so boring and uninformative.
What a waste. Poor Megan.
Did you know that for every fan on Facebook it equates to up to 20 views on your website...?
At the gym , got my membership. Bout to be up here everyday
Go South Dakota State!! Jackrabbit Fever!
Any idea where it will be?
I'm the keynote today at the 2012 Records Knowledge Conference in Sacramento, speaking on Information Governance.
