Jet propelled.
Wow what a read by the VT DB. Damn damn damn
I legitimately miss my parents a lot.
hi beautiful! how are you doing. I think you guys should make a shake it up movie! I would love that. :)
I've never needed to be impressed by someone's talent more than I wanted to be entertained. Who care how GOOD someone is - if they're dull?
She told my girl that I gave her the best head she had ever had in her life
i feel so totally disconnected from parsons ever since I graduated. LOL not too good
hate my skin! club handstamps take FOREVER to scrub off....looks like ill have to wear this guitar on my hand frm the Roxy today......
so excited to have you here:)
Welcome to America, 2012.
good post!
we're looking at highs possibly in the 60's today here in Chicago!
Yes, unfollowed because unfortunately, you didn't follow back. Will be happy to follow again, you start first :)
“: Just got out of the shower and my hands still smell like hot wieners” gross
I think the rich business should be taxed less, so they can hire more people.
moving to the Gateway. Aug 1st....:)
Love that ! That is actually one of the myth's I'm exposing! Thanks for sharing!
Redheads unfortunately aren't loved like blondes in the US. I have plenty of offers to shoot in Paris, the US, eh
Supposed to be cleaning... But I honestly dont give a crap
Have u seen the new music video....hott hott hott guys!! You must check it out!!!!
Be apart of the movement then lol
Laws control the lesser person. Right conduct controls the greater one. –Chinese proverb
hi can I bag u
lol u like scared me !
Seen my nigga Bubba, he gon say "Damn Dej I didnt even know it was u lookin sexy af" lol and I look a damn mess
#RegionalFinals already! Drink some $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups to forget about your bracket if it was dead wrong.
You need not touch your toes to be a Yogi... If you practice a scientific technique for Self Liberation/Enlightenment, then you ARE a Yogi
Be open to the here and now so you can see the splendor all around you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
Just watched the #muppets ...... Funny as hell..... Clean, Classic Movie.. Take your kid, lil bro, sis, niece, nephew, whatever..good movie
Congrats to A 1 Hearing and Aid Centers - Torch Award Winner in 1-4 employees category!
Have you ever started writing a simple book review and ended up with a comparative analysis?
I got dead nation its a meh then i got castle crasher and OMG its so good couldn't put it down love the games that catch u off guard :)
ive been rediscovering myself and I almost forgot how liberating and rejuvenating it is to just run. lacin up my shoes right now
Perhaps it's one of those cosmic ironies that Christopher #Hitchens and the #Iraq war both came to an end on the same day.
OK!!! OMG I SERIOUSLY NEED TO CHILL OMG.. =P OMGG ok ok.. ok... omg =")
Happy Thursday 7!
is such a strong amazing woman! She is such a great role model.
Work.then off to Bible Study :)
Apparently someone will die in every single show CBS airs this week
you will LOVE THE TOUR I ENJOYED IT :)
Redmond one doesn't open till Fri!! You going?!? :)
Oh. Well where are you going?
Like to have features: itinerary, map, exp report, preference booking in calendar as part of your #travel solution? Talk to us!
At #AMA event hearing from discuss content marketing.
Just woke up
No i thought it was funny
Made my morning bday cake jam on .....
see: I'm a seer of all things good including wok and chicken cooking!!
These ppl asking for too much already
July 31st ☺ “: gorgeous!!! Like the quote.. when is your birthday? #TeamLeo”
Let your smile change the world, but don't let the world change your smile.
": Your dignity always comes first. Always."not unless we fucking ladies imma dirty talk & disrespect ya in the bed lol
haha sorry for the late response and yea me neither :P lol
:O omg i didnt knew sorry and ur here? in htown?
smores love these sweet little things :)
now following
I guess so! Did Chris tell you I want to babysit?!
Thanks, AP. Was talking to about you last night.
wooah what's all this talk about having a new song about the McGina? I always assumed he was gay.
2X": I swear I hate his black ugly ass then I love him then I hate him again."
ah looked like Griff's, but I thought they were Tuesday. looked yummy.
then you should learn not to threaten.
I like when she leaves and she and maid nod, carefully.
Purging day! Can't believe what is under the beds...the Leprachaun surely is not in this house!
Tell us about your tattoo cover-up epic fails (or ones you've heard of)!
Gospel Music
Check out exerpts from my newest video "Breakthrough" at the X Magazine launch party: Art Basel Miami Dec. 3
Science class.. Yay.(:
Thank you!
Love the LA rain! Too bad it will take an hour to drive anywhere. A man in front of me slowed down for sprinklers yesterday.
you use your front teeth to pull the soft flesh off the leaf. Sorry that I somehow missed your tweet
I watched a video on Diamonda Galas last night for the first time and it blew me away. Henry Rollins is educating me musically.
private forum HD AIRSOFT BATTLE ACTION SCOTLAND 2010 :P
I agree boo, then skin em" real good and throw em' in the fryin pan!
Let's go Lehigh!
It's nothing new ;)
did you know that Dumas was one of the 1st to crowd-source? He managed/edited a whole crew of writers producing his materials.
i can't believe you were in the person of interest video! :)
You know, I've noticed that no matter how bad people's lives are at one point. Happiness always comes back for them.
Musical Mondays at Martinis Above Fourth with "the girls"
Will the NFL go easy on the Saints because of the lingering effects of Katrina?
Do you have any questions regarding Bankruptcy, Probate, Credit Repair, Estate Planning? I am here at your service!
I have the game he went from being rated 53 2 weeks ago to 76 yesterday
#LasVegas wishing you a huge friendly turnout at your #CashMob today! All the best.
thanks for the RT, Sarah
Merry Christmas from Milwaukee, big sis.
A ton of media ruled out Shabazz to UCLA cuz of "Howland" issue.kinda stupid/he can still form the most prolific backcourt in a while, there
hope you had a great bday weekend! Glad we could share it with you!
SMOKE GOOD, FUCK BETTER, COUNT MONEY, WHAT'S BETTER ? ;))
Disagree-Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce episode was chalkful of excitement. Plus Mad Men isnt about "excitement"
Blogger??? Always use Permalinks: A permalink is the link to an individual blog post. Sends peeps to other areas besides your home page....
Try and cut out as many empty calories that you can from your diet. Struggling with weight loss and simple things can change your life.
Dodgers already down 2-0 come on guys
I want you to know, I read you're book "LEAP" twice during some very trying. astonishing results to my business. Great book.
How am I supposed to get a Christmas tree in 75 degree weather
Ah crud. After a month or two of relatively good sleep, my #insomnia is back.
OOps. I was wrong.
I have to work late like always I never get a brake
you sir are my hero
GO TIGERS tonight over the Edina Hornets!!
what up shun? How you like twitter? I can't figure out how to approve you.. I have to get on a PC..
Who will be my 100th follower?
First I heard of this other baseball player with my name & position was on sportscenter. He hit a walk off and I had gone 0-4 night before
If it's not save of the week, there's something wrong... Very wrong...
I may bring the road bike then. It will make me ride harder to keep up.
Just learned A Lesson Never Learned by AA on guitar today. Sounds epic.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom
I don't understand what you are saying...what do you mean not on the site on my profile?
He spits and swears!
RT : The real friendship is like fluorescence, it shines better when everything has darken. -Tagore (isn't this the truth!!!)
Up to early
Holiday Safety Tip: When possible, choose decorations made with flame-resistant, flame-retardant or non-combustible materials.
Otherwise twitter treats it as a reply and only shows it to people following both of you (or that has you both in a list)
Oh absolutely. You can play my itinerary
Just feel so sad and idk y #MadDowner :'(
I've been searching but a few people told me not yet.....so #android needs to hurry up lol
haha clearwater still lame
Loveable Rouges !! FTW!
Haven't had that much fun in such a long time
We send an invite to each audience member after the show to invite them to review the show on our website.
Try one of our Kimchi Bowl lunch specials!
Can cats see ghosts? That's what I want to know.
Pamcakes are my favorite.
gotta love her<3
you welcome :)
Elisabeth, please shut up.
Good things come to those who wait, GREAT things come to those that go out and chase their dreams!!!
I hate that freaking dog! Ate me brand new eos Chapstick
You rock Meghan!
I really can only count the people i trust on one hand...
Having Big boobs is a pain.
Looking forward to seeing Justin and going to Remedy tonight. Off to school first, though.
Read the report as I wrote extensively on cost vs benefit. Unfortunately the EPA does not do that analysis.
All the basic horn and bone plugs and hanging designs are on sale buy one get one half off, so come buy some Xmas presents for friends!
True that.
Put it in the air!
yeah!!! We're really good friends!! Nice song by the way! It's my favorite! :)
That's the only time when 8:15s are somewhat acceptable. If I have any control over it, my butt will not be in a classroom at 8:15
I agree Ted - Erstad has NU playing great ball, Nebraska won again today 11-4 vs La Tech
Na I feel like gettin my point across, one way or another
goodmorning world, have a beautiful friday
i just got sum yellow shyt but im bout 2 drink dis shyt ill get sum lata and bring it soon or lata!
lol I stay laced... Lookin like a Christmas tree lol
May I ask where you're filming first? :D
Wisconsin vs Mich St on Halloween Saturday will not be a night game. What a joke.
becoming desireless is enough
All dat fake shit Niggaz be Talking, Well solo I Go :-) BlacFritz-FrontLin3 u know where im @ :-) 2012shit
i just have on vinyl. if have mp3 please send
Yes! Many Fabulous Fashion Events in Chicago Coming Up! I'll be sure to email you them so we can meet up that way!(:
Bras everywhere.
Nah, you can't take points off the board. Once you've earned them, they stay there.
We're here in front of the Supreme Court at the health care rally!
I Wouldnt trade a life for a night....
I know, I'm so excited for the sequel!
If free voluntary reading is the way to go, how do we get kids to read? Give them pizza? Points? "Kiss the pig" promos? Krashen critiques...
droppin in to wish everyone a wonderful weekend. look forward to seeing you all soon. enjoy it s beautiful out...
To ensure harmony & compatibility, Visiting Angels San Jose leaves the choice of a caregiver to the senior to be cared for, or to the family
Happy Saint patricks day! Celebrate the week with one of our cakes!!!! Order today! www.happycakewilltravel.com
That frustrating moment when you're telling the truth but no-one believes you.
Exercise can be as fun as dancing with your kids. Try some of the new toddler tunes.
I hate class breaks I'd prefer to get stuff done earlier and break by myself when class is done
Now "Goo" on the other hand...
4:45 am and im going to work ah I want sleep
' I'm influenced by 74, that would be a negative 74 in my opinion, ha!
i kiss my phone everytime i open it because me wallpaper is of
To : That Someone idk if you have a twitter..or if you ever think of me..but stop trying to make me jealous -.-
My #fridayreads is #InTheGardenOfBeasts by Erik Larson. Total page-turner: Vivid, eerie, disturbing. Esp. great to meet author at BEA.
Thank you for making #gatornation proud once again and bringing your passion and enthusiasm to the "No Fun League"
Omg huge car wreck by the school
Dave still isnt following me.. that makes me
Just chose not to do my homework
Although the #Rangers team ERA is similar to last season (3.90/3.93) this year they've pitched 18 shutouts versus 7 in 2010.
Ay! Chihuahua Roll!! Spicy tuna roll w/guacamole, sriracha and jalapeno. New Fuse rolls to stop your hunger and make you laugh!
Bouta rent out a different whipp
Maybe you need to show up in your purple face to the Mpls City Council meeting.
I park & ride from Crossroads, Cab it to and from park & ride.
Safely in Indy.
juss got home
I Mix EVERYTHING With Macoroni .
Bow chick wow wow
Yes, one of those options will become the #librotraficante Logo.
Lakers and rangers tonight!!! Good luck!!!!
I understand your opinion but what I'm sayin is true right
This is something that is on my mind ....
Captain America.
Eminem is so good looking omfg
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 4
Little interview with Raw Artist releasing October, Also a behind the scenes look into the world of art with apstudios
#RareHunterFact: Matt hates raisins. Shhsshh, don't tell him I've tell it to yall. ;)
Packing is less than fun. Packing in 2 hours is even worse. DC-bound tonight!
DAM NICKI AN NAS KISSING LIKE THAT
2NITE! Grand opening of ! Newest "Open Minded" Ladies Nite! 10pm! Just show this TWEET 2 get in 4 FREE! (til 11)
we need new TT's.
Argh. At inlaws and without my book. I thought I packed it!!
Choppin the hair
Mfs on my TL mad as hell today...
Still haven't rolled down #sheetz to grab them dogs 3 for 1$
Hey, twitter friends: which do you prefer: manager or coach & why?
Wow 7:30 p.m. Sat 10-15-2011 Unconfirmed estimates ranging as high as 50,000 people in Times Square.
Did you know? Adam Baldwin is NOT one of the Baldwin brothers!
exactly!!!!! And theres nothing to look it. You're just in the middle of nowhere for like an entire day!!!!
thanks for letting me help :D
“: The best thing about being in love is not having to shave your legs as much. #princessprobz” Oopsie... :)
Why are we in such a hurry to get to a nominee? There's going to a lot of change between now and convention.
do you not remember our wisconsin boys!?
I HATE when a MINI VAN passes ME.. BeatN Down The BLOCK #ItsLikeREALY#
I know I'm not the only one to say it, but when it's true, it's true. Sometimes life's rejection is God's protection.
good moroning lol what's that?
Are you graduating this Saturday? If so, come by this week and mention this post and get 10% off your total purchase!
Dismiss my last tweet. Why would anyone go see a cover band at all?
Mazel Tov! Congrats on the new gig.
yea but soon home work shall come to an end and you will finally be free
Ya me. I'm the greatest inventor in America but nobody seams to know me.
Hope all goes well.
Call us at 608-403-LAWN (5296) For your free lawn care estimate!
It is delicious but my eyes were bigger than my stomach. Must take some to go.
ANY BODY EVER EAT FRY COME?
4 years ago at st Vincent children's hospital indy ser
Fun day at the library. Patrons, projects, & printers (of the jammed variety). Learning my new Lead Student Worker position.
Welcome #CreativeLouisiana! We're happy to have you here.
RT I was going to go to Starbucks but I decided to have a milkshake with cocaine on it instead.
Please email me at to claim your free listing!
Thank you so much :] awesome eastern gift from ReachChallenge
Go South of the border at Hooligan's tonite, $3 for Coronas, Tecate, Pacifico beers! 2017 E North Ave
I wont be able to go on for a while and phones getting shut off so.... Idk no more bye guys
A Habit of Health: Having the flexibilty to recognize when change needs to happen and to adjust accordingly
Leave no Trace. Leave your FREE & temporary vending space better than you found it!
I Just Had To Test Something Out On Her =) Now I Have Another Point.
I got pictures if you give
Tonight $2 wells $3 beers and hot DJs all night! Oh and did I mention NO cover? 
Amen to that.
Sounds like a good weekend to us! :)
Al's #1 Italian Beef, born in 1938, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
I got emotional for a second. I miss you :)
i didn't know it is lightning.. lol
A little late to the game, but FINALLY got my iPhone yesterday on St. Patty's Day! Luck of the Irish is on my side!
Go dj
boys comin in from school
"By the way, where IS Moosejaw? About 6 feet from the moose's butt!" I love Pat Foley as an announcer
Also, I don't much read the fiction but I hear about it from the kids at the roller rinks and hamburger sandwich stands.
RT : benefit to deliver meals to folks with terminal illness. Great night at #posto for a great cause
I'm with you on that! Same to you! Happy New Year! :-)
oh u deleted my number???
lucky #13 follow!
I didn't get lost. I just investigated alternative destinations.....
COME TO SOUTH CAROLINA.
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often. ~ Mark Twain
that's honestly really true
excitement cannot be explained in under 140 characters.
So Happy you liked the sugarcane juice!
After purchasing my household items, I just got a check from Amway. Delivery: FREE. Satisfaction: PRICELESS
those texts that make your day ☺😄😃
"I'd rather be a hammer than a nail." ~Paul Thorn
Use your Illusion
very lovely pic of u and your son!!!
“Only in the darkness can you see the stars.” MLK Jr
or maybe all GIS applications suck and even smart people can't figure it out quickly like other things they're used to...
i don't hate you. i just wouldn't mind if you got cooked to death due to you cooking your skin in that tanning booth everyday.
RT : Watched advance copy of America's Game: '10 Packers. May be best of series. Debuts 9p ET 9/7 on
i probably wouldn't either way 2 laid back 4 heels
Tampa and surrounding area models interested in being featured on #FLIPTV send your links and info to
don't let me twist your arm, lol
What is your favorite menu item?
congrats on 2nd consecutive top 10 recruiting class.. You're doing big things in Lexington... Go Cats!!
you will have to introduce to when she moves to Raleigh!
We restaurant just rocked the stage #cablegang in the building
You're crusty like the crusty crab
Now they need to stop. They in here being too extra with it.
just editing, enjoying your pictures... taking it easy :)
Where acion is not congruent with our message, there is no respect.
That's an interesting idea. Have you played around with it before?
it's easy- once you cut the toenails.
baby I just saw a hot pink champagne it was fly also had the chrome and pink shoes... o yea
I cant do that! I need it.
NTIA BTOP head Tony Wilhelm on the importance of #broadband and the importance of partnership to solve adoption gap
Going home early sick af!! Ugh! Hope I feel better tomorrow.
New tennis racquet!
The strawberry patch we planted for Sofia (a legendary berry-stealer) is coming in. So sad she won't enjoy it, but a lovely reminder of her.
Today: scratch cooking training and healthy recipes development with Bureau Valley School District's kitchen staff!
I miss you Tiffy it's a damn shame I haven't seen u since umes. Where they do that at
Time to go to the doctor to see what's up!
Got my new graduation present last !!!! Puff puff pass Brittany
it is but its also kinda sad bc Bella gets skinny and her face looks like someone drank all her blood
Keep up the good work. :-)
Was in court for sentencing of so-called Xbox sex abuser - Kretovich - but adjourned til next week. DA and atty discussing proper sentence..
Waking up early for school >>>
this is the worst advice Cara
Never stay in something if you're not happy... It'll eat you up inside.
I'm rooting for O'Brien to succeed at Penn St. How can you not? Cards completely stacked against him.
thx lady. Looking forward to hosting you soon. Feel better!
thanks for trying!!
Thank you (: Love you more .
Horrible accident on 395 by Ritters. Mororcycle jammed into the grill of a pickup. Crews cleaning up. Be careful!
I'm hungry too 😞
if you don't you might walk into the girls bathroom again :p
I DID MY JOB LOL :) 143
The chart doesn't determine your fate. You have total free will always. It describes the weather in your mind creating your reality
Did I miss something last year? I didn't think Sproles was a factor. Announcer's overplaying his true contribution.
Everybody lies #house #so true
huge car fire on the 405 north if you haven't gotten there yet.
Happy #ValentinesDay from everybody at Kravitz Dental!!
I admire your ability to do that. My attempts at it have not yet been successful.
3rd place trivia win with Mikesell and Carly!
about time. Didn't I set you up for that a week and a half ago?
Email me if you have any questions about it! Gotta take good care of our VIPS! :)
Girls say all guys are the same? Who told you to try them all.
Had a krazy great weekend shot a video for my Bro and met a lot of industry respected people who respect our grind n how We move!
Absolutely loving #MidnightInParis soundtrack. Highly recommended in lieu of traveling back to 20s Paris.
haha probably so!
Just submitted my #MCN2012 proposal "So now what? Next steps in GLAM-Wikimedia collaborations." Now onward to AAM prep!
Too cute!
It's all about Lin Baby !
Family is belonging to and believing in each other.
yah they have this like. Weird relationship. They like both like eachother but rnt going out or something
I can add one - #4. A fear of complacency and an unwavering desire to succeed.
How would you feel if the Federal Government arbitrarily built a fence around your dream property, you bought with American Money, you...
I better not be sick. That would be the worst possible situation right now.
happy belated birthday to master
Just a reminder: We are playing Swan Dive this Friday at 10pm!
Well, here I am again. Sometimes titles are mandated despite protest of the recipient.
It was ridiculous, they played songs from their next album and they were so fresh
Hey #CALICon11 folks - is breakfast at the school bacon and eggs or muffins and bagels?
good idea!RT : Learn Spanish Tip: Find a buddy to learn with you. You can encourage each other or even play word games together!
has to be THE BEST MOVIE EVER!
Latoya looks a lot like MJ. I smell a conspiracy!
Dear Santa, .... I've been good all year. ... Ok most of the time. ... Once in a while. ... Forget it. I'll buy my own shit!
Don't know if I agree with this. I like "trust...but verify."
yayyyyy! Katie and Robert and my parents and Roberts parents are in a huge fight. maybe they will finally break up :D :D :D :D
Great specials tonight for the #brewers game!
Can't wait for him to tweet about well the show was scheduled! And what a great AD team we have!!
$35 bucks in an expensive ass wipe but I'll raise you a Moonpig in August. Non Fat latte, Grande. No foam. To go. For Matthew.
sounds so dreamlike, Renaissance Era, wish I was there.
i need to see this thing with justin & the lonely island. like now.
Mary Carillo returns to New England to reconnect with Team Hoyt on the next episode of Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel. Real Sports premier…
Some days are made for nostalgia...
Yay! The Cable guy is here! New cable/internet whole house DVR.
I am looking forward to it! Now, off to a staff mtg with my gang!
Yay I'm followed by Now time to get him to follow and
I am so bored
I know. They aren't even trying! Ugh.
I.hate.papers. English will be the death of me. #shootme Glad it's 10 pm and I'm just now starting on it...
Our prof is taking an odd tone and says "they'll never commit to #RDA!", so we're not going to learn it :(
And no. WVU was not picked ahead of Louisville for any other reason than their willingness to shit in the bathtub.
Successfully walked past the new #Titanoboa exhibition to get to my cube today. This does not mean I will be walking through it however.
Wants to know what everyone's favorite Irish film is?
thank you! :) new song pleases you?
Fight night. I say Manny PAC wins by unanimous decision. No knock outs but a few knockdowns.
I hope so! Etsy is never embarrassed. The post with the ikea cookie cutters is still up on their FB page. Way to reward it.
Don't miss Director Fred Sayeg "The Encore of Tony Duran" #indiefilm Friday 11/18/11 - 6-7pm "On the Set With Jasper Cole"
Danny says we are going to wake up at 9, eat breakfast, then leave. But I really hope it's 930 at least haha
Workin....like a dog...missing the poker tables...
Thanks, Tiffany!
I need bacon.
yes, we travel any where we need to be.
Anyone got a truck we can use tomorrow? Moving Day has hit kind of a snag.
to all our #houston friends this weekend every pair of guie #shoes only $50 contact to set up an appointment.
just ib case you don't know me,I'm Ashawnte Cotton, nice to meet ya
♪Don't Worry About The Government - Talking Heads: 77
hey lanae thanks for the follow hope you are doing well
Sidebar---great shot Kevin Love!
the full moon blues.
Live it how u get it it
This weather is amazing!!! Pools will be poppin' this weekend for sure!
i already answered with the number #111144 ;)
Rooney you are k. Get in there and score!
I gotta say, most sites look stunning on the iPad. I (heart) my iPad
and I ask u again, If that ain't ducking what is??
ahh you are awesome lol ": I Hate Laker Fans Y'all Are Fuckin Annoying"
“: West Coast can't wait to read your reactions to tonight's episode of #FashionStar” my BF and I LOVED IT!
Well tell me when it's on :P
screw mr. milarski & his 40 question assignments that are worth 5 points. I'm not wasting my time doing 40 questions for only 5 points.
In all fairness the boxed lunch was pretty substantial. One thing missing: a scoop of loose fries dumped in the box.
A man walks into a bar and says to the bartender, " I'd like an entendre please--actually make that a double."-Nancy Pearl
Happy New Year!!!!!
Keeping up with the Canedys RT Starting car while dad beat the fuel pump with a sledgehammer a bizarre way to start my day
2012 Summer Time Im Goin In :D
Oh guess what? It's my birthday.. I don't usually care about such things but I'm in a great mood & I get to close on my new house on 5/24!
A bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you fail to make the turn.
Ditto. Let me know when you post something! I hope I get to meet you at LIANZA!
Dinner with my rents<3 #nevereatingagain!
Thank you to all my friends, fans and family for making 2011 one of the best years yet! Looking forward to rocking 2012 with y'all.
Ah! Here we go. Giving people recognizable funny hats that beg to be shared on social media is a great idea
Wait, wtf ! BET
i hope everything is ok (at the vet)
If your not involved in the situation, then stay our of it. Its that simple. Mind your own business.
that's a fun place. Sucks about the movie, though.
What do you think Bob McDonnell, extreme thesis author would've said about Gov Bob McDonnell today?
Another perfect Pinkberry day!
thanks for the follow Ravi. We love your work.
man it ain't no international phones down here smh wassup tho ?
Add one to your Christmas list!
Just got back from Maine. Everyone safe and sound.
Have to sign off - thank you for the great discussion, everyone!
Thanks for the shoutouts from - had a really fun time today. :)
Contemplating a white pizza for dinner, now that I have all the cooking implements under one roof.
why would you ever stop blink 182!!!!! >:)
Looking forward to dinner tonight at ! Fingers crossed for pickled blueberries again.
night owls !!!!
hell yea TURN UP
when? Because I haven't decided when I'm moving yet.
This is my first tweet. Thanks for following me and
Therefore, the healthier your weight, the less chance you have of getting diabetes
I wouldn't do that if I were you... mine already says that... and you hate being like me!!! BEEP!!!
Kiss her!! #Motivation you can do it... you can do it...
Yeah, I think the culprit on this show is that she's not a "popular" artist. We've been tweeting on this for a couple of weeks.
Serving $1 oysters all day today. Stop by before it rains!
Rock music and rap gets me hype dats why I listen to it!pop r&b makes me wana sing dats y I listen to it!Latin music makes me want to move!.
No, I don't like Selena Gomez. I mean c'mon, she can't sing, she's not good at acting. But I respect her for what she does to her fans.
difference is, you bragged about that. I didn't.
Oh when?
thanks for the #FF love!! Happy St. Paddy's day to you as well!
I think the next best thing to solving a problem is finding some humor in it
The woman who was 75 and finshed the race, fantastic
I use google way too much, It can't be healthy lol
Thursday is huge hoops day in Wisconsin. & open tourney, HS hoops in Madison & and trade deadline.
“: Amare's braids was done in a kitchen somewhere”.. Nope on some front porch steps
If your ancillary thought is correct, hopefully casual sports fans/media will continue to turn up the heat on these issues
full speed ahead
Thanks Thanks Thanks to everyone who came out last night! Great times were had :)
Don't do that to yourself! You've come so far :)
Is it weird I've been following someone because they look good and have very insightful tweets?
I think that good formal reviews serve as a jumping off place for such thing.
I'm going to hell, I totally lied to my girlfriend about foie gras... No babe, duck is not the same as goose....
8o that's hard to believe
Be sure to follow our boys in blue tonight as takes on Montreal Impact at 7:30 PM! Game can be viewed on KSMO!
Famous Firsts Collection & other classics from Harlequin--would love for these to be more available for library purchase from B & T.
Happy New Year from every one We wish you a very successful 2011!
Great goal bu Fletcher but the weakest defence all season for that play,well done Mick.
What do you think of the policy? Too strict?
Last #pizzax order of the year
INSERT INTO death ('Rebecca');
Win FREE Umeus Cloth gear this BLACK FRIDAY!!! Read this picture to see how!
"He's a good kid." "Yeah, I only do cocaine." LOOOL.
That's great They are getting the right man for the job.
: Never be someone your not. Alway be you:-)
and a yay to the 'other' andy. nice win over gilles. didn't get engaged in a drawn out affair, which often happens with gillou.
Marketing is FUN!
love ur smile :)
Uh oh is right! You are going down!!!
Follow please!!(; and i think you should do a cover for one direction, what makes you beautiful. (: it would be amazing' <33
Dear Shower, I love how hot you get when I turn you on.
My but hurts..
hey is that where you live? I'll call you next time I am there!
I will be damned if I don't fry catfish tonight. I will be damned.
Blog on Sandy Leon arriving soon, I was told last yr he was destined for majors; top work ethic; studies gm
after Jill finish...
Richmond. Doing a little house warming.
Why oh why does PR not hire until right before graduation?
Potential band name: The Natural Causes.
I worked out. If you knew me, you'd know this is a miraculous feat. Miraculous.
Who needs a turkey when you can have a t-shirt?
I'll be back next month hopefully
damn you look sexy in glasses.
Before giving a blood transfusion, find out if the blood is affirmative or negative. (If it abstains, don't give anything).
come back before I move and we can do some sight seeing n shopping lol
don't be there not that bad
Remember kids, when your texting you must wait at least 30 minutes for a response.
I think you mistook penguins for cheetahs and narwhals and panthers and kookaburras and stuff
In my building's gym with ONE other woman. Just two chicks pumping iron and breathing really hard. We are not talking to one another.
just Twitter family. Lol. Never really thought of having all these brothers and sisters. lmao.
<---is dancing like David Byrne a la "Once In a Lifetime"
OH: "ActiveX is the greatest piece of web technology ever invented"
Dreams are by far the weirdest and most beautiful phenomenon ever.
work at home business
Sociopath: Feeling that their victims "deserved it" for being stupid enough to trust them. "They asked for it"
in JAMAICA, just walked with my homies along the sure of the carribean sea, saw yellow crab NEMO, a bunch of beautiful brown pple tru word
We're following each other, would you DM me your email?
but even the sun sets in paradise..
Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions. ~ Eat Pray Love
It smells like summer outside
RT : Just registered for #NCORE2012 thanks for the wonderful opportunity to increase my w/ #diversity work
I'm currently drinking coffee out of a mug with a picture of my cat on it while sitting next to my cat and tweeting about my cat.
this boy is driving me crazy !!! everyday he asked if i would kiss him the answer is no never in my life will do anything with you
the noise is good for waking people up... it'll help get us to the point of real revolution... but it's just a stepping stone
Prayers for all those who lost their lives
Beautiful baccalaureate tonight!
I'm sorry Doll, I will be out of town that weekend :( But please keep me informed of any other projects!
COLLEGE HUMOR- Hardly Working: Shrinking Ray
in a weird way I don't think I've felt such an awful baseball-related feeling since end of 2001 world series
hahah. So there will be pizza!?
"You bring your surfboard? How bout your speedo?"
IMHO, story on Caribe closing should have noted their station also affected by LRT construction.
- i cant wait til I can wear my contacts again ...
New -- CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM Alternative to Arrest, Probation and/or Incarceration is called Community Acceptance Program
As fire purifies gold, so does life's test purify us.
Ima go work out later.
have you poked ? He's an accessibility savant.
So stoked to finally photograph the gorgeous Jaime Evans today! Keep an eye out for updates and behind-the-scenes pix!
EVERYONE GO GET VERIFIED <3(:
So excited for the concert next weekend! ❤😃🎶
Darcy, you're my new fav tweep, #4000. next time I'm in Chicago, I owe ya a coffee or cocktail! nice to e-meet you.
Came home from Europe to find Art Pepper LP box, Complete From Ronnie Scott's, waiting for me! I hope to sit down and listen this weekend.
I teared up a little when Ted thought to himself, "I miss you." Tragic.
I know! When you come home next I'll give you a trim lmfao
GURL PREACH IT! She doesn't even look like you!just not care what people think because their opinions aren't worth your time!
Come on, any GG to Modern Family????
Sir, i swear to drunk im not god.
He's 11!!! Give it time. Lol
aw thank youu :D followed!
I Beat The Pussy Up
: "People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's y we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
Still beaming - awesome weekend with fam and friends!
writing time this weekend... it might get rowdy.
I'll go to the depot and get it:)
you don't need to either...
okay, how long are you grounded?
With love and patience, nothing is impossible!!!
" Winning isn’t what dictates your happiness in life; it’s whether or not you’re willing to play. " ☮
I know, I'm excited! I've heard amazing things... I hope he likes me and keeps me around!
It's definitely a 4th of July thing then. Let it be a lesson to everyone for 2013.Don't wait til last minute to book
sound like y'all getting it popping tonight
There was nothing wrong with them - you was just abit mad lol #loveit!x
Saints fans could use a little Glee right now
I would like to give a shout out and dedicate a song, "You are so vain" to my beloved wife Michelle. Signed Obama the one termer.
Well those two quizzes are over now clinical tomorrow and practicum Friday. My life sucks for the next 11 months.
How are you gonna say it was a crazy ass night? Its not even 1:00 lol.
Even though you know he's wrong for you, but that doesn't make you want him any less.
haven't tweeted in awhile
If you just realize what I just realized . Then we'd be perfect for eachother . And we'd never find another . 💘
Any advice for not going schizophrenic with dual twitter personas? We became for this state effort!
If your dog or cat is vomiting pink or bloody-bring in for exam.
well what do you know? August 3rd is my birthday. Follow me;)
Morning everyone.
Lol idk bro, some people have some crazy abnormalities lol
AND WORK IN THE MORNING, IM OUT
thanks for following Rich :)
listing to JB ;)
I remember now! haha
if you can stand the opposing broadcast team, it's in HD on WGN.
Happy humpday! Sign up for our #flipcup tournament this Sat. 4PM by buying our deal online now .com
but it's for me.
Happy Hour
not gettin cute stuff back<
why do i like food so mucchhhh?
I only charge $15 per beat . Plus 3 for 2 deal
Still waiting for the day to reveal it's "Mondayness", so far now signs...
"If you ask me, how I'm doin, I would say I'm doin just fine." I wouldn't lie about anything when I say that either. I be just fine.
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” - Mahatma Ghandi
Watch the Devils/Panthers game they said. It'll be short they said.
yes. Its happening. But not yet. Not crowded at all.
early bedtime #becauseican #sleep :D
one year is all it takes! :P and YET!! He may suck the next few times, you never know!
Just discovered you! Oh, the possibilities!. Wish I had a proper ipad to mm-to-go....some day.
Oh don't you just want to bottle that personality? Hilarious!
you sleeping on my girls Tom lol
you are the shersey queen.
noticed that you finally lost your twitter virginity… out of the cave at last :)
I did, also read the tweet. Concerning the header, I thought initially it was me on the right. Lefty looks more like you.
Had a good time at prom. But I forgot my shaw on a table. :(
is hosting a live concert in Chiang Mai 6/25 to raise awareness about #humantrafficking & #exploitation of women&children!
haha tell me I don't know my alesana :p
#Rangers and #Mets both win, that's a good night!
"Lots of things that couldn't be done have been done." - Charles Auston Bates
so so true, it's such a great one!
can u send me a link pls?
Saw the initial lay out of text on our new book *You are a Gift to the World*--Looking Good! Due out April '11
Kinda just remembered it's #friday. Definitely doesn't feel like it.
"when I walk into class I choose to sit on the outside and back rows making people crawl over me to get to a seat" -everyone that annoys me
Who's got me with a Laker score update? Are they at least keeping up?
Omg justin bieber = sex.
Anyone want2fuck my ex? b.c. he's nothing but a hoe! Which is y he's my ex, don't trust him tho b.c. he's a damn good lier!
Kenny Rogers looks no different ???
I can breath again. Today's lesson do not ignore on the things that needed to get done yesterday cause tomorrow you'll be paying the price!
On Tuesday, my husband said, where's your girl?! Lol
Success keeps me Glowing!!!
"In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash & experience. Take experience first; cash will come later." ~Harold S. Geneen
That awkward moment when you see two guys sharing the same stick of deodorant in the Thortons gas station parking lot
RT : You have a right to expect predictable, transparent behavior from - D.S.
not good enough, because his team still lost. If you aint first your last
Had a great time at in Kigali, Rwanda. The property is gorgeous and I loved seeing your orphan homes!
I think Bryce Harper will hit a home run before Albert Pujols hits one
nobody. likes. swimming.
Is the best friend EVER!!!! :)) She literally sat for 10 mins & recorded #First10Mins of for me
Girl do you wanna see my 101 PLAY
I'll get a link from to archives later. Can't find one he gave me earlier now. (ugh, don't wanna hear self-voice.)
Hustle for shoes and clothes
Nuggets gotta win..
To all the runners (since one of my first cousins is in his 70s and an AVID #Marathon Runner) Failure does not exist if you learn from it.
Yes. RT : Nope RT : Do people even talk on the phone anymore?
« « A text message from you would be nice right about now.»»
VP Biden and Education Sect Duncan bring the awesome!
That cool breeze on a hot day..ah i love that : )
I like how we have the same thoughts & ideas! lol :)
plus im drinkin your goin away present right now haha courtesy of jack daniels
think u can email it to me? Greatly appriciate it
#HardRockRising Battle of the bands come #seetheshow as round 1 starts 2nite 4 bands 9pm 21+ Donation at door for Make-A-Wish
please RT: It's time to take a stand! Are you planning on seeing #bullymovie this weekend? Join the movement/see the movie!
please let pass the line go in first, we've been waiting since 6!!!
When someone lies to u, its because they don't respect u enough to be honest, and they think ur too
Back to business now. After a family member's funeral & tiresome few days, it's time to get back to it.
Process almost done... This year is going to be great!.. BANG
Everyday I'm in this class I perform magic by pulling a sandwich out of my bookbag.
I'm sleepy!
It's not Friday but #ff because Jazz Appreciation should be all year. Now excuse me, I gotta catch the A Train...
Dú you know whð hwé contact for Seeing is Believing podcast licensing?
up in smoke went my bracket! free throws, free throws! VCU outplayed IU and lost.
Just woke up,currently dafting up a business plan/proposal. Thank you MLK for the inspiration.
Silently, one by one, in the infinite meadows of Heaven, Blossom the lovely stars, the forget-me-nots of the angels. -H.W.Longfellow
If Ur mean to there's something wrong with u
hey! :) your amazing! <3
i dont enjoy being
GET IT! Congrats :)
#IWouldDoAnythingFor the Undergraduate Marketing Agency!
RT : Super great to hear that downloading books at is a smooth process for you, Hooray!...
I get the chills when I see art!this lady is on to something fantastic! I am a fan!
So many signs and portents and choices made today. Beyond my ability to write them all here. Foreshadowing is not just in movies and books.
Stay tuned for my upcoming book: Super Librarian Actually Finds Time to Sit Down and Eat Lunch.
There are times in our life we have to be serious with ourselves the gentleman was hilarious
todays my lucky day happen to be walking back home from the store and turnt mi head and saw some money picked it up is was $34 :)
This is what I get for trying to make you laugh... As always...
Meeting with today. We can't wait to hear more about their programs.
ZBO made the all nba team last yr and was one of the best players in the playoffs last yr. he will be back
You dont love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
RT : I hope Oden is like Grant Hill and Ilgauskas — their careers looked unsalvageable at times due to injury, too.
WTF SHE DIDNT KNOW BELL BIV DEVOE WAS APART OF NEW EDITION?? SMDH HA HA
Good morning twitterverse! Don't you hate these tweets?
Think I need to buy some Mega Millions Lottery tickets
Singer Jordan Knight is 42. Rhythm-and-blues singer Darnell Van Rensalier (Shai) is 42. Actress Sasha Alexander is 39.
Time for Ap 26-28 to serve & pray in our Nation's Capitol R u going to be there? it'll be historic!
Madea movies are the best!
Just had a great meeting with and at the studio...
your welcome :)
I think it might be a tie for with and just because Ru said "we are breaking all the rules"
I hate Chick friends
anyone have the scoop on this JSConf 2012 videos? (or hints on where they might be available once they're released?) - thx
Happy Birthday, ! From, The Urban Pessimist Staff
RT : Headed to kIss In London :) --- hey, i am London kissme ♡ hahahaha lol
Yes, I have big lips. Don't judge me.
Yeah, but star of my dreams # 11 is all over that scoring shit & 29 was the Powerball the other night. Coincidence?
Across from Yankee Stadium @ The Dugout with a ton of PBR guys and gals.
Worked on the Jo book while eating chicken, rice and greens.
It appears Mets fans are dressing as chair backs for this afternoon's game at Citi Field.
okk i gotta start getting on #Twitter more. #Facebook is starting to die.
Just installed our first Spanking Station in this public family restroom.
We miss it too man! ;) RT : I miss touring with you guys.
Happy Hour cocktail- Citrus Fizz with fresh lemon, lime, orange, simple, club soda, choice of vodka, rum, or tequila - $5 until 8 pm.
I hope :( well now that he lives in Miami I have a higher chance!! ;)
text my ipad... class started again
Getting excited about an awesome weekly feature coming up in 2011! Any guesses what it might be??
This relaxing moment :)
Gotta love the suits!
Shoring criteria and management strategies are effective for a buyer's market, not a seller's market.
you still coming to colorado april 14th i checked yaa website but it said thaa event was deleted?
I seriously cannot focus right now. I'm so worried and distressed....
Make sure you have a good playlist & some extra motivation! Intervals maybe!?
You darn right! :-)
feeelin great this mornin :3 i hope everyone has a great day, stay positive and keep lookn at the bright side of things
I don't know if you plan to write a post about that (how to architecture it) but this would be great! Really interesting ;-)
followed <3 thanks for helping us spread the word! Please keep it up
Hope everyone had a delicious thanksgiving. Is there any other kind?
Hope to see you at this April 30th for a #winetasting with , benefiting Voices For Children! 7:30PM.
we actually forced her to sign up… she's for realies
A rule was broken, right? You were all about rules being enforced last night in the Xavier-ND game. What's the difference?
:) we would buy this in a heartbeat! Looks like it's a concept by a student, but hope it get's picked up soon!
Its gotta either be you or Spuds McKenzie. I gota be honest, it'd be pretty sweet if Spuds was coming.
If relationships were easy everyone would be in one madly inLove.
Freddie Mac reports the average rate on the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage dropped to a record low of 3.88% this week!
First-time video documentary for the Assembly Holocaust Memorial Project being shown on the floor. very moving stories.
hi sweetz, im good ova here how bout u
just saw this-u know i jump off and on this twitter train! ha! loved seeing you and love your big heart! :)
President Obama speaking live, visit www.tncnews.com click on CNN Live
How was your margarita lastnight?
They have thus far; I'm hopeful.
We are at South Coast Plaza being honored by Microsoft at their new store opening this morning
It can be a challenge because of visas, insurance, school, etc... but it can absolutely be done!
I have developed some sweet sites for my clients, but I haven't touched my personal site in years... Next project: Redesign my site!
I'm.tired of these mother fuckers saying a change is goingto come
Thats dude name he rap that song
And that's why you resign James Jones...lol
Happy Hump Day!!!!!
is eating fish fry
After a brisk walk from Baruch to Penn Station I'm on the train to Boston for
A good sign.....my husband is laughing out loud while reading his Christmas gift! Adam Carolla's book is a big hit!
RT : Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.--John D Rockefeller
“: Dougie: You and and my 14yr old niece are all crazy for The Wanted. Nothing else in common. ” LMAO
Indeed! I think, in general (with good policies, permission, &c.), it's a fantastic idea.
Gauguin was a "Sunday painter" until age forty. I love that term "Sunday painter"...
Dear City of MPLS, thank you for fixing [removing the meteor craters from] that stretch of road between 280 & Stinson. I salute you!
“: Lady Gaga looks old.” nice one.
I Seen Yo Ugly Ass Walking lol !
Ha!!! RT : The question is: when is JAPAN going to make a Tupac Hologram we can have sex with?
Tune into L.A.C.E. Magazine on-line tonight and every Tuesday! 6-9 live radio show! www.yougotlaced.com
As long as the movie avoids the book's lagging portions, I'm in! Kostova has a book (The Swan Thieves) coming out in Jan., too.
": Congrats RT : Think I'm getting divorced." Uh oh Pam's gonna get your ass
Taking off your socks feels amazing
We can throw stones, complain about them, stumble on them, climb over them, or build with them. - William Arthur Ward
RT : Tornado please suck up all the STD infested, stanky booty, rachet hoes so the DFW will be a better place. #Preciate ya..HA
I use my hair straightner as a heater >.<
La Vita e Bella ;)
anytime man
annoyed. Probably should just go to bed before I get into trouble!
Rubs eyes n continue to watch
I was watching old recital videos the other day, and I saw you! hahaa<3 I love you and we need to hang out like soon. byee(: !
Partnering with a web design company in Cambodia for this next project. Really enjoying meeting new people all over the world!
RT : it hurts the most when the person that made you feel special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted or unloved today.
#nowreading 'Style' by :)
always happy to help! ;)
is providing a great live blog of the Louisiana Senate's consideration of the #EdReform bills
congrats on the pca 8 game win again.
Ocean Reef Gallery took labors of many
well one is during a lunch hour too so u can come during third hour too if u don't get it
Voted for
Congratulations to our AT&T training class associates that started their career today. Welcome to the TRG family!
Lifetime movies are so entertaining to me, I could just watch them all day! 🎬
It's absolutely delicious!
I can agree on that! Had Don Pablo's with and Bob last night -- avocados are God's best gift!
Are you kidding me? The Cubs? Really?
Can I check into stress management please?
I got my "Rachel"!!!
Papaya milk juice with baby boba, lazy afternoon in Alki. Feels like I am back in PTS!
yea I like it. It's much better the Androgel IMO. Less E2 and hematocrit issues too
village idiot w/u friends celebrating birthdays.
Hey! I retweeted the wrong tweet! Silly me.
Good to see back in the booth! I wonder if the way the #RedSox are playing is what made him feel ill? Come on Sox!
I was just about to mention that dome of Pepsi cups filling the air at Lollapalooza 94. One of my favorite concerts ever.
hey howie! mines goin. where's james at?
Have you tried our new Chocolate Peanut Butter toffee?
we were triple booked back to back, a personal fitness instructor and then hip hop dance classes. Let The Music Play!!
Too close to speakers it looks like
Thank you,good:)
soz im on my phone and it's actin up so I guess ill ttyl abt this xx love you night
Dont worry, the only thing Rickie is killing this year is his own batting average
I want some kool aid
home again. How sweet it is! (Even if moms at work)
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values. Rand, Ayn
well i better go and study, hopefully i'll actually learn stuff for modies & human biology :|.
When you see my face, hope it gives you hell!
WE WOULD LOVE TO ASSEMBLY your IKEA FURNITURE; WE ARE THE BEST, WE ARE THE EXPERTS. - CHEST OF DRAWERS, DRESSERS, BED FRAMES & MORE
I did a theatrical performance about puns. It was a play on words.
you're a modern day Christ of cuisine. Thanks for being our martyr.
I wish it was the other way around! :)
That's plenty about #tarantulas. Hope you enjoyed alt-pet talk. Even if you don't care for spiders, learning helps us understand & fear less
I hate when I'm texting and my charger falls out of the wall!
Breaking: #Blago sentenced to 14 years. Did you expect longer or shorter? Follow 4 updates!
Well my daughter better get used to disappointment. Ive bought so many shitty beauty products. So pissed at wasting my $ I just trashed them
Receive and experience the amazing grace of the Master, Jesus Christ, deep, deep within yourselves. (Phil 4:23 MSG)
Don't forget Daylight Savings! Time to "fall" back and enjoy an extra hour of sleep tonight!
Right! I hate that lol.
I just sent you a FB message, but I see you already figured it out. :D
Nothing like a trip alone!
Just wait until you hear my platform. It will involve anal insertion, tax breaks for dildo manufacturers, femdom training.
Thank you for bringing your friends in to have the carrot cake creme brulee.
Did u knof France use to tax salt?
Listening to #countrymusic to get in the mood for Texas!
no, I dont like you anymore -.-
i need to go out to do some errands but its so hot 2day & im too lazy to take a shower
there was a quinoa patty sammich! not far from you.
Tropical Addiction and Sutra Lounge keeps it fresh with MixMaster David, Juggla ATL, drink specials, and hookah all night long!
building things and being quiet = focused. Love it! When ready, let me know how I can help share the news.
Just 6 hours until the big #NCAA championship basketball game. Go #Jayhawks!
Hey, where is everybody? Who gave us today off?
Spend a summer at the restaurant and you and #JimmyBuffet will be best friends.
I know right lol me either. ": Omg , throwback ALL the way,!! I dnt even remember taking that"
tell her I said happy mothers day.(:
Tonight is the Red Dress Preview Party Fashion Show "Haute Couture"
free loan mods, yes it's true and i am a realtor and found the right people that can help!!!
Most welcomed =)
whats good wit it?
ugh. yeah, really..
I'm going to go with a big wtf?
i need a buddy that wants to introduce me to korean food. i like spicy and i'll even try the weird stuff.
Tell me what you think
Nope, but don't get her talking about it. It'll NEVER end
MT : i deal with a lot of passive aggressive people.. addendum -_________- (and bone head subtweeters SMH)
30-1! Unbelievable season for 'Cuse..one has to respect.
Dont make me tackle you! no sleeping
Excellent goal...I wish you much success!
Check out our new skin and logo design! Thanks Justin Reynolds! Looks great!
Thank you so much! I love you all! All of my fans are the BEST!
11 Days till Mad Anthony returns @ Taste of Cincinnati.
Angels just signed C.J Wilson too! 5 years/$77m
Happy Mexican mothers day!!!!
It's odd that I've heard so much about you from people around me. Well, hello sir.
Wow, I forgot how fun guitar hero is!
Is anyone else confused as to why tami is going after school special on kesha on basketball wives. I love tami to death but....
hahaha sure you are
Loved the Cincinnati story. Do you know what orgs are working to fight #FoodDesert in Cinci?
I swear!
Beastie Boys never get old
No, not at all. I love them.
Thanks for the RTs!
I'm right here.
I think he's in love.
Haha , like weird people but no one really big.. and noo ICONic Boyz,, but i really want them to follow me! you?besides nick
Hanging out wit my biffle sami!!!!!
I've been trying to fucking remember Streetlight Manifesto for a while! Yeah, we've seen them. Still fun.
If you ever catch on fire, don't check yourself in the mirror, 'cause I bet that REALLY throws you into a panic.- Jack Handy (via)
come to me bring food but more importantly yourself
says confucious: "Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall."
Don't Marry A Man Unless You'll Be Proud To Have A Son Like Him.
I am not going to go into work tomm because I am patriotic. My lack of employment has nothing to do with it
-- remember our conversation? Did it have a hood? Did it's tail rattle? Did it spit venom? Did it eat the neighbor?
Where the hell have we been!? writing new material of course.. new album out this Winter stay tuned
I know haha they have his picture everywhere! RT : so jealouss!!! You know that Obama was there haha
Thanks for taking that pic with me after the game I was 12 years old at the time, do you remember the double overtime game with rice?
And what would you have received in return? (cc ).
I don't know who would play J Lo. I don't think she would be a believable actress even if she was playing herself on a Lifetime original.
I feel like I'm livin the life I don't know y I complain about it
Hey - how is Pinnacle? If I get an "all clear" from ortho tomorrow I wanna join.
I just may go there this weekend anyways, I like it better in Spain than here anyways
My president coulda told me we was going bk to Africa. I would b on da boat,bone n my nose,spear n hand,titties out. Sayn goonie Goo Goo
Coffee never sleeps!
RIGHT??!! What the hell was that? lmao
Home sweet home :) cuddling up with my josie
Imma get them addicted e.e
i was a weird kid and hated alot of stuff but i luved dragon tales :-)
I got an agent!!!
Today little Miss Addy is 6months old! Can't even believe it! Happy half birthday Baby Girl!
Build-A-Bear? Thinking about it! It's like the only place I see that might hire me. XD At the mall, anyway...
I could of been with Miley Cyrus right now?!?!?! What's wrong with me?!?!
In that annoying mood to all of you guys prolly, but hey whatever.
will never follow me back :| *SADFACE*
I am glad came I would be chasing the sun or I would be have a all time low!!!!!! :)
this is Shelley Adler at Associated Press-can we get Greg Williams audio. e mail me at . thanks
thanks for the follow!
Happy Mothers Day
Sweet God, Kari. :)
I am indeed. It'll be my fourth year here.
I'll be starting the Beard Prevention Front.
Prosody Live tonight at the Alumni Bowling Competition @ Winchester Bowl... 930pm.........
Thanks for the follow! A career doing PR for KP is my dream job so it's nice to stay updated on company news down here in SD.
Yep That's me:-)
": We should be able to penalize companies for bad commercials." - start with lexus
helpful info today + great connections look forward to more
I <3 #southland & officer ben sherman.
Wedding season is in full swing, I have a whole lotta invitations to make in the coming weeks.
thank you so very much Tim! We find you to be a darn good chap too!
I need some more followers!!
Harry Potter fan: I wanna go to Hogwarts! Percy Jackson Fan: Let's go to Camp Half Blood. Hunger Games fan: I'm fine..
Noon radio spelling bee with Maryland students: Michelle Beaulieu (St. Mary's), Sydney Christley (Charles) and Reid Fitzhugh (Montgomery)
Allergies suck. Maybe i'll get balance issues again this year?
you better!!!! I'm PUMMPED for photoo tomorrow!
they passed her around like a swisher fulla loud
Wow!!! “: Record crowd 35,000 throughout the day. Thank you! See you next year- May 4, 2013! #ROC”
Just as classless as #Lakers fans => RT : i dont care what any of you think of me! S/O to artest for not pulling a gun out
lucky you. I lived in SF for 6 yrs. Next time I'm up I'll contact you
I talked to you this morning! Wuv you too tell me when your coming
Liquor > wine > beer >
Yes. It's quite shocking.
My voice teacher Ruth Dubinbaum is a miracle worker. I can't believe how she has transformed my voice.
say the word and i am there!
Rock out at all your shows this week!
1. Define organizational "big idea" 2. Identify "gunners" & allow them to build 3. Resource 4. Create content-specific content 5. ADD VALUE
I still call the Jays the Blue Jays and I still call the Rays the Devil Rays sometimes... oops
You feel a sense of void within. Your thoughts run towards the world of objects and beings in the hope of filling this void.
That cat is so fat I want to marry it.
admittedly, I was asleep until it felt like a bolt of lightning hit my bed! Holy cow. It. Was. Loud.
early birds catch the worm!! im at it so lets go!!!
So you were asking me these questions -- what for ? :)
Hey sexy ;)
Sorry! once you get on it is really easy. You can just get a login at the circulation desk, no need to wait in line.
Pulling for the #Hawks tonight.
Looking forward to playing the Slayerer show Oct 30 @ Cactus. Not looking forward to wearing a skull cap & fake tribal tattoos
Tyga - Rack City this song wont get out of my head!
And that's great someone else still does it and the topic came up, that still doesn't give you permission to tell it.. Haha
Word for the day: talanoa. Idle talk as a social adhesive. (Hindi) This is, perhaps, Facebook's niche?
: "multi-media project took 3 weeks, which included mid-point check-ins, producers, CREATORS..."
Home prices post 18.1 percent annual drop in April
$1 off craft bottles 5-7. Earn rewards by drinking local bottles.
You're welcome! Good luck with the project! :)
Went #HAM in the neighborhood! Ran 2 miles! Later gonna go train like a
Dirty Situation ;-)
Mimi Plange has done it again! Her immaculate collection takes your breath away! Talent unrelenting.
Rock on!
so beyond frustrated.....why do i even try
If you can tune into now to watch the latest coverage abt what's happening in Egypt
Hopefully I get that call/txt b4 I go to bed
He pissed me off when he smacked my cookie on the dirty floor but that's not worth getting into a fight over.
Yep, they don't make it partic easy. Prob need a better network of sub-hub/Park&Rides.
Starting to obsessively check D2L to see if my final grades are in...they'll be up only when I stop expecting them to be.
Some some straight hulk ultimate destruction in avengers.
aw thanks :D and idk my moms said I have stop buying stuff after how much the tickets cost and we still have to buy (c)
It's quite interesting. A friend of mine and I watch things and create voices. Lol it's stupid and we're weird but funny.
how do you like Arizona??
Long day at work. So busy!... Time to make dinner :)
thanks! We've been working on this for a while - Very greatful for the reception!
special/creeped out
I read it. I loved it. Cant wait to read Jack's book next. :)
": i no lol" why didn't u come thru?
Record Deal request how?
Depends on his mood. He looks sharp on TV but he is really soft and sensitive to ANY criticism on him. Perfect MSG employee.
maybe look through a magazine for inspiration or post some favorite etsy finds?
what's it about?
A walk down frightful Harrison & 16th calls for a little My Name Is Barbra. M.
#NSF2012 Case Cup competition is underway! May the best team win !
*her* *1000x* RT : seeing him todaay would make my week 1Ox better .
Keep going back to trying Twitter, but just not great at it. Advice?
poison ivy =the coasters deck of cards = wink martindale heebie jeebie's h.fuqua-b.smith
is it cool? I've heard mixed reviews.
Me too but idk if that will happen
Dev is giving me life right now.
I actually have no idea what username I used back then. I wasn't very frequent. I remember you were a Mark Grudzielanek fan.
Ever since Michael Jaskson passed, everyone wants to b the next pop star.
Hey Billy:)
Just woke up
@ us if you're located in Austin and want an invite to our private launch event on Friday. We'll be serving food and drinks too.
ha! I am at the dentist too! Just for a cleaning though.
What effortless ease to see the future of digital media--the nature of sharing and community.
Rest day. This is killing me.
she's awesome! we would very much like her "Please don’t do coke in the bathroom" cross-stitch.
Are you looking for #SomethingToDoOnATuesday? Well E-Villa has something for you to do from 6pm-11pm. Come for Happy Hour and try the tacos!
I love August Wilson!
>>>MLM News! SoZo( New Company Listing )
I think I have to be a top 10 word-smith in Words With Friends
Last day to see 's latest video featuring and before it goes into the archives...
if you haven't checked out , now is the time - the site is chock full of the best FREE and unofficial southby parties. like
Do something everday even if its a walk around the block!!
oh, I had 3! And research has shown it's the mark of a truly creative mind to even have 1!
Children's Literature Question: Does anybody know what the first 32-page picture book was?
A friend once wrote: Give me your faith, not your doubts.
I bet you think I'm PRETTY ugly....(;
APP as in application for an IPAD/IPHONE...essentially we can have technology work on both sides of the fence
I wonder what my Lil dip doing...
I've never in my life been more unable to call a fight!!
I really didn't want to wake up this morning. I was having a dream about Zac Efron, a red carpet, and crab legs.
wow epic vid ill have to finish that.. very smart and
My iPhone needs an "ID guitar in this picture app".
that awkward moment when you're not sure whether to kiss someone two or four times.
your employees are overpaid and unintelligent
Happy New Year! Blessings to all!
lol of course. How long you there?
The crime: Snowboarding in the Desert on Government Property with Billy Joel in order to Get a Raise. In 4 minutes. Tricky stuff.
hell ya big fuckin fan old school
Unexpected day at home! Pack up my studio, list some more paintings, start prepping for holiday shows...
Call me on my cell when you get a chance so we can finish our conversation from Saturday.
😄why u sayin that RT : best day ever
Best double feature EVER.
the screen on my phone trust broke..
I got your drinks all night if you go to the bar.
#TeamMindless, you wish was granted 
Railing lines of Greatness!
Just when i think things are getting better, another curve ball is thrown my way :-( FML!
As a Marquette alum, I proudly accept the wonderful exit of Notre Dame.
Albondigas and a hibiscus sparkler and we'll call it even! ;)
damit...Go Giants!
I'm over here vibing off of
all curls huh
thinks she's not wealthy in terms of material assets but she's beyond wealthy in terms of assets such as fantastic kids,family & friends.
who doesn't love LA I love living here
No car day Saturday! Checked out the new expo line and did 20 miles on a Perfect day for it too.
on promoting Veep!! My Girl is a nice break from secret service news.
Interesting preso of Perforce Commons, great screen shots showing how content "bubbles up" to you.
saw a yellow-rumped and palm warbler during my walk. Pics to follow soon.
Boston Bruins fans, say what you really feel why don't you!!!
Mom breast feeding in public: acceptable or not acceptable?
what time is the Jim Gaffigan show? How much are the tix?
Movie night = poetic justice, love and basketball, save the last dance, and blue crush
know of any seasoned food franchises for sale?
can you watch really shitty tv while you do it?
It requires less character to discover the faults of others than it does to tolerate them - J.Petit Senn
yeah, doesn't really mean he was #exonerated, does it? He won his appeal on a technicality.
didnt see kids (not alot) outside this yr..not like last yr..reposition yourself now. next yrs gonna be crazy....
our location in Rock Center would be thrilled to have you! (on the south side by the ice rink)
I think he has a long, long way to go. Blake and Jack were MAJOR Division 1 recruits in high schools.
#Boo you made me smile, thank you so much! <3 I LOVE YOU!! :-)
Never too early for #sushi RT : It's 10am and I'm now already hungry for sushi! :)
I wont be able to make it. I work.... and I can't request it off.
hate you.
Thank you for the concern please keep our families in your thoughts
Hope everyone is having a good Friday night out in the Twitterverse. Just wanted to say peace to all.
& to her in just a guy & soon enough she'll meet another. But what she don't know is I'm man that will respect her & those are hard to find.
Simple kindness to one's self and all that lives is the most powerful transformational force of all. David R. Hawkins
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY to !!!!!!! Hope you have a super great day, free of encounters with whales! xoxoxoxoxoxo
Can't wait!
RT : Most of the anxiety in my life comes from trying to Shazam a song before it ends.
Today celebrate Humanlight: Humanlight celebrates humanist values, such as tolerance, compassion, honesty, and rationality.
But those Who Trust in the LORD will Find New Strength. They will Soar High on Wings like Eagles. Isaiah 40:31(a) [continued below]
Christ followers -- the bar has been set high by Jesus. Very high. His commands are clear. Step up and into what God has called you to do.
Hey all is well. I'm real good. Hope things r good on ur end. I need 2 check my phone ---- did u text or call???
Robert Hutchins~ Education is a kind of continuing dialogue and a dialogue assumes in the nature of the case different points of view.
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
Just got an invite to a wedding on a Fri at 5:40pm, at a place 30mi north of SA. So, I have to leave work early & hit 35N at rush hr? Yay.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!23
our food editor Joe Crea reviewed that one. how was the q & a?
yes ma'am it is lol
how great was that win?!
Just read for a really cool project called In Your Eyes...writer Joss Whedon
when I do retweet, I just use the retweet button. Not good?
if facebook really wants to make inroads with businesses paying for services they should make invoicing possible for big spenders
why open source parenting would be better
Merry Christmas eve everyone! <3
Excited for you to try it out too!! Have a safe trip!
Watching "White Chicks." My wife is laughing a bit too hard for my liking.
putting together an artists web page holymoley 1/!?!?!
Hi Kool Katalyst! I had great fun as an improv actor at your ImprovJam last year...plans for a sequel? :)
Sounds like KRSN's stream went down.
Not this time.
I'm not gonna make it today- I have a media party at 7! The heat is killer...
Just one more writing assignment to complete and the weekend is mine!!
You were a hipster before it was cool to be a hipster.
Just finished the show @ South Park Mall. It was nice to do a show in the AC. Ha :)
Um, maybe y'all should see Kate Upton doing the Cat Daddy if you haven't already. Do that!
Looks like I'm headed to ATL soon! Weddings there are always so pretty.
4 Non Blondes will always be hot to me.
9. You're sitting at a stop sign and he comes driving down a cross street that doesn't have a stop sign. Yet he stops and waves you through.
Shoutout To My New Followers -
1st tweet from my new smart phone!
you can actually.
I WANNA BE JUST LIKE YOU TATTED UP SWAGGED UP JUST LIKE YOU !!
If Alaric just killed Bonnie I will be beyond upset.
