well, if I don't, I'm sure gonna make it look like I do for the next 2 days ;-)
haha say what? I was out there Sat-Mon last week!“: where've you been man?? Haven't seen you on 3rd in a while!
“: To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift. -Steve Prefontaine”
#NP Honestly- (: my new favorite!
Love how Herbie Hancock constantly challenges himself as a musician. A sweet end to Sat night's
MT : 11/4/1965: Dickey Chapelle died, killed by a land mine in Vietnam, the first woman war correspondent killed in combat.
work hd?
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists!
OMG, I only have 19 more days till I'm bound!
de regreso a twitter
A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough to take it all away.
In case you missed it pointed out the in #Google Disk's Terms of Service, you no longer own the content. BIG diff from Dropbox.
Just put AP on the board - went for $26; wish he had gone higher for strategy. $200 budget.
it's great to see you on here. Loved watching you play. All the best with your current endeavors. Go Vols!
#FiftyShadesofGrey purchase underway...since I'm a VERY mature person, I'm already making fun of it and I haven't even started reading!
where did u find that did u like make it on the computer or something
Chillin on the tightest side of sa with my boys topher and devin dear, also with my home girl may. Holla biz!!
Wow! You can feel the powerful emotions in the room at #upstream2012 - Youth Poets are incredible talented and insightful.
Unbelievable nose on this Madiran. Tobacco, spice box, rich black fruit, leather...it's so deep and just keeps going.
Feels good to be back at the clinic
Wanna be apart of the G+ Hangout series, you don't have to be a regular or comit to more than you can...? =)
you're welcome!
Editing my next Vlog
Embossing Tip - Use vaseline to mount the male/female die to the press.
#hungergames are happening right here in America every day. Some schools have over 90% of kids on free lunch program. Hunger is real.
I stand. RT A lot of us stand up! On their arses! MT : where does your digital media team sit?
lost 2.6 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 21 pounds so far.
Ya, see what u mean with it not being overly produced.
Since that will screw up my entire mock draft can I pretend you didn't tell me this?
Yes ! RT : time to be taco stand wasted for 10 days.
Nope, if you live there you usually got off with a warning, got one of those, and we knew to not speed.
I will be performing this weekend with the "Mambo King" Eddie Torres at West Gate!!! Yay! Sat. night!!!
Damn Knicks are getting murdered😓
like oh, I don't know, this girl? Sounds good to me;)
Hot damn Gayle and the hired hands are tearing it up at hotel Utah - right now! We go on later
yeah I'm watchin the heat now and ill watch grizz after
thanks for the mention :)
Thanks for the kind words! RT : My current fave media: sharing the stories of those out in the field changing the world
A recap of the President's speech and the House Speaker's response. Watch 19News Nightcast
haven't started it yet but I also started tivoing GCB and Love Broker (my friend is on it) is Suburgs worth it??
coming to Louise to see you
Have fun at the Super Bowl!
shh that's the after party smh
oh my
Ask don't assume!
yeay fixed the screen blending mode error in Illustrator !! Now I can move on
I love oyster crackers.
Watching halftime reports for basketball is so funny:)
Getting all dressed up just to end up staying in for the night <<<<<<
That's what I was thinking. The Staal brothers on 1 team.
Everybody show some love to my friend jaiquel
I want cake, .___.
so tired right now
for the RT - hope you are well! :)
What do you dislike about the business model? Is $5 per habit too much? We're still figuring that out. /cc
We may be missing a crucial feature of being able to turn that back on. Adding it now.
*wink wink* lolz
Yaay! Just got a bit in the remake of Fright Night! The movie's as old as I am...
Leg day's my favorite....Today for me, Arms. Have a great workout!
yess!! Are you in Nashville!!!
Congrats to my OR-10 friends on their graduation! Celebrations and ceremony this weekend, but I bet it feels great to be done. #seeyaschool!
If you don't try new things, you won't learn new things.
Wish i didn't leave my rainboots back home !
Anytime. Just keep doing your thing!
Those little bits of contact no matter how small that meant something to me
thank you!
at the crib getting my 352 on
only this class
You're welcome! Thank you for all the great info everyday!
Please kill me, Tharia.):
I am so proud of myself @ ate an apple randomly with out being told to
laughing about the EMPTY box. I passed a Range Rover last night and pictured them driving gently over a brick entrance...also laughed
While none of our contributing inmates wrote of using water bags, we endorse water filled buckets as dumbbells!
He is a cute one, congrats buddy
sorry i texted him to do it! i called 1800 trudawg.com!
well i doubt you've read everything I've ever written on the net but you're reading just a little too hard into this probably
If you live in vacaville, ticket deliveries are at 3-4. Sacramento and roseville ppl are 5-7 :) confirm with me if were coming to you
Hungry? Why wait? Stop by and get 15% OFF w/ a
The Viper's Bugloss species or Tajinastes of Tenerife by Bard of Ely
Realizes now that the ideal time to experience Kurt Vile is after midnight.
You living in Cincinnati now?
What's good tonight?
I know. I don't know how I'm going to make it through the whole day. LOL.
- thanks!! Cheers!!
got my ticket :)
I do work in academia, after all. EXPLAIN ALL THE THINGS :-)
We can do it!
will Facebook buy Pinterest already, sort of tired of hearing about Pins...
We always wait until the last possible seconds to knab a win, maybe it will be the way this season goes too
Okay, I will as soon as I'm home. Raking leaves at the moment. :/
Funny day (:
I think it would be really cool/fun to work with a movie studio! I may get more stingy when I'm closer to graduation lol!
#FF Saturday is going to be gorgeous for 's As You Like It. Picnic in Griffith Park. I'm so there.
haha maybe I been on that mlb but I still got my skills bro
Need an uplifting mood scent? Try something with orange, patchouli, sandalwood or neroli oil in it.
.. I wondered who invented that word?
#Bobcats are the best! Bring on the RamenNoodles.com Bowl!
Don't play a game where the rules are rigged against you when you could be playing a game of your own making...
Weekly Ketchup: Kurtzman/Orci to Write The Amazing Spider-Man 2 This week's Ketchup includes news of a new Nicholas Sparks adaptation, ne
I've been here & there lol
oh fiddlesticks. Murray out to berdy. So my campaign 'murray for the french' has taken a minor setback. But good win for berdy.
Ha or you cud ignore me as you walk by and look straight at me. No kiss no hug no text.
Dana Inn Firefly short ribs, roasted brussel sprouts and chocolate hazlenut dessert/chantilly cream, outdoor fire pit sexy and sweet. Go now
◊ It's frustrating. If I made that much I'd be able 2pay all student debt, buy a house AND car free & clear.
hm what's the bet? Haha
Had a nice quiet day @ home with the family wathching golf Masters with the hubby & having a great Easter dinner Hope all gad a blessed day!
is loving on our Spanish peeps. Great Show!
What a busy weekend this was. Gonna finish watching the SAG Awards, then it's bed time for me. Back to reality tomorrow!
Welcoming and to INDUSTRY MODELS!!
Good afternoon everyone! Hope you are having a wonderful Saturday so far!
ur gonna do so much work against the heat. You know, cause there front court players are about as tough as I am
gross, it's like a Steve Ditko fantasy come true
If i let you be player one, can we fuck?
Finally got Twitter <3 Gaby !
brilliant idea - love world cocktail week at the vinoy - maybe i can drag
Time to head out
Homework Day shall be today!
where you gettin yours?
in fairness, it was teen jeopardy; catering to their questionable current tween pop culture. I think you get a pass.
Natural Law that no one reasonably disagrees with says you don't murder anyone, you don't steal someone's property, you live responsibly.
Hi ariana<3 i love your tattoo so much<3 will you get any more;p?<3
CONGRATULATIONS ON GETTING 31K FOLLOWERS!!!!
we are praying for you and your family today at our church.
“Let Your Voice Be Heard! Go and Vote Now! Let us work together to revitalize District 2. I am excited about this new journey that will...
Guy behind me: "I've never seen them do the national anthem on the field before"
congrats boo!!
teezee_yo Who would judge you for that? There are plenty of people (millions and millions, in fact) that date online.
So do I have a ride to school today or......
Jump the shark. Be bold. It didn't work for Happy Days, but it might work for you.
Thanks back at ya, I'll check it. All the best to you and yours!
Is back in Philly. Woot-Woot!
Reggie saved the nite
That sounds great. What college are uoui attending?
haha well i didn't know! :p I'm courtney(: where are you from?
The awkward moment when you type your password into the username section and you hope that no one saw it.
my drunk editing...?
of course! The more the merrier! Well at least for us anyways. :)
He turns me on so bad... His style is beyond anything y'all ever tried... #TeamExpress!!
||NP. I SEE YOU HAVE A FEW PROJECTS IN DEV (JERRY BRUCKHEIMER).I HAVE A FEW VFX SOLUTIONS FOR YOU IF INTERESTED.
SHE CALLN ME AGAIN ND IM GOUN TO HER!
john: "listen gurl i love you like i love chocolate cake! your eyes are like brown custard pies!" oh my heart!
appreciate the reply. Not even mad at the article, I see it as a challenge. Everyone has their opinion, but results speak loud.
Our parrot is in the bathroom bocking like a chicken and saying "Turkey!"
I think they should spend more $ to research this illness.
thank u so much!!!
I've decided to turn 2012 into a year of failure and depression.
Washington Post Book Review: Toni Morrison’s ‘Home,’ a restrained but powerful novel
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House has a great multigrain bread which is a very popular bread!
RT : Feeling honored that I get to introduce the legendary Rev. Cecil Murray in 10 minutes at #FromtheAshes conference!
There's so many different dynamics in my family it sucks.
YOU LOOK GORGEOUS IN YOUR NEW AVI PIC GAGA! YES I WILL MARRY YOU lol
Hey, how are you? :)
Save your money and hop on a freight train:-) .
Awesome!! That's totally what I was going for...glad she came off that way!
I want a lil boo thang...someone real..
Friday once again, did you do anything to lower your cost per acquisition? We can help. Contact us for more info 866.460.6611
Two chances to catch the Netherlands VS Cameroon match today. Live at 11:30am or again this evening at 6:30pm!
Let me go and sweep and mop the kitchen. Shit. Been reading this shit for hours and I lost my whole day laughing.
Those good feelings>>>
Only two weeks of school left. Freshman year has truly flown by
About half-way through the #FLdebate and I haven't seen anything to change people's minds or reverse current trends.
Off house hunting, 4/5 to look at I think, lost count, lol,wish us luck.
I am thoroughly enjoying the new Norah Jones album (with Danger Mouse) today. Next stop, per : the Rome album.
my #sales ebook is more about YOU, inside, than teaching you "sales techniques."
Having lunch with mama at Tredici!
No blogging after 11 pm! This new rule is suiting me quite well, I must say.
Hey look, the #RedSox started 2012 like they ended 2011.
why is Prometheus unappealing?
RIP #DonnaSummer! We love you!!!
Hiya back at 'ya! So great meeting you and having time to hang out! LMK if any ?s for NY move!
Free Divine Portabello App. for our Twitter followers tongiht - Just tell your server you Tweet with us. ♥ Grazie
Yard work and then a ride on the Monon this afternoon. Need to stop at for new caps for my stems on my tires.
Governor Walker and WEDC CEO Paul Jadin in #MKE today to sign contract for $750k for #water startup companies.
Reject letters? Here’s one Joseph Heller got for Catch-22: “I haven’t really the foggiest idea about what the man is trying to say...”
I just got out the shower
Who knew writing 3-4 page reflection on designing a public history website could take this long? Almost done!
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will
I can't wait for my next paycheck. 💰
Is mucus considered a throat booger?
When was sliced bread first introduced to the market?
Bosh need to man da fuk up n take it to da rim
...where did all this patience from Ibanez come fm?...struck out 18.4% of time last yr...<<Was he platooning or everyday?
Me & Mady are so lazy, lmao.
Canon tech support thought it was most likely bc the camera isn't compatible with FireWire800.
#100thingsihate being cold !
Emoji-rectum. Obviously. RT What the hell is this 💢?”
Are you brave enough to let me see you PEACOCK? Don't be a chicken boy, stop acting like a BEEOTCH. (;
please follow me. Fellow filmmaker, huge fan! You and your father are an inspiration to young black filmmakers like me.
It was given to me last Wednesday oops
R.I.P. Steve Jobs. A genius and true visionary, he forever changed the way people interact with technology.
Dat ass, part VII, Return Of Da Big Ass.
Damn, I get busy & the time twits away. DVD project put 2 bed. "Too High" big band arrangment completed. Estonia/Finland Mar trip got solid.
you are so fucked up
come find me. i'll be at Aniu then, too
Golf or honey-do projects?
Bitch what im mad fa if i wnt hym i cn get em
Smart of to move the Feherty show with as guest to this evening.
I am playing at the belly Up so I won't be dancing :(
What cleanse are you doing? I've been meaning to ask.
LMFAO SACHA BARON COHEN ON CHATTY MAN
// There is literally no way I can be upset by that!
I am so sleepy but I am more scared of the bad weather. I am tired but still watching the news for any changes.
Save PE! Attend PPS School Board mtg tonight! 6:30 p.m, 501 N. Dixon
Rio Rancho schools closed again today. ..as is APS mountain schools. I-25 closed South of ABQ Belen to Cruces.
RT #Oscars: Opening number changed. War Horse broke his leg, had to put him down.”
Hey T! We are following you back, how are you?
HAHAHHAA omg oooohh I'm so cute! ;)
Hey Bellingham, I'm coming up Saturday and staying the night... Where should I go and what should I do?
I love Mardi Gras.. brings back the spirit of just being free and happy!
"Learning never exhausts the mind." - Leonardo da Vinci
wow! Never seen a trombone player so tanked on a gig. 2nd thought-never seen a tbnist so tanked off the gig
Omw to Hollywood wit my bro gonna be turnt
Things obviously changed for the better <3
#MittRomney To Mock #NewHampshire Bridge Backed By His Supporters.He's goin 2 stand on dat beautiful landmark & say it should've fall apart
Will you follow me? Pleasee?<3(:
Thanks for following Thanks for you rhard work keeping Clevelanders informed and yelped!
These beets are fondling all the food in the basket.
frustrated as fuck
Only took 28 laps for danica Patrick to go a lap down
i think i saw u at school finly:o
ray Lewis had great quote in this week SI. Said QB position changing& most don't get it
im tired AF 😞 i hate working mornings..
You never say "But yeah" Anymore!!
Don't have it. :p
I've decided to try to run a half by end of November...going to shoot for close to 3 miles tonight and hope to be at 5 by June
Awh, thanks! I love you more though!
Premiere of "Battleship" >>>>>
So torn!
“: It is the challenges that make things happen ! Love Diane”
"Just Omar, he don't need no last name" -Bubbles #TheWire (RT )
#edshow Breaking News: GOP Moves To Repeal Ten Commandments ~ Finally Realized Their Regulations
Going to be a sexy weather girl in the show.. Which is being pitched to Universal! So excited!!
black chocolate imperial stout now pouring.
This game is still too close!
anytime bro...know anyone in Gatlinburg?? that owns a hotel or motel for a wish??
At La Venta Inn. This place is #BEAUTIFUL!!!
damn Yankees....! Kidding. I wouldn't be rude, too much midwest hospitality over here! But really...
Watching live streams over the Internet, able to rewind and replay at will, I am reminded of just how dead conventional tv really is.
weak. Aim higher
All of our rooms feature brand new High definition 32" flat screen TV's.
Ouch. Is down or my Google Apps?
Usually hale and hearty up here but the mild winter has made me soft (and kept me dry). Will report any other horrible developments.
Have they made a season 2?
49-year-old #Rockies pitcher JAMIE #MOYER becomes oldest pitcher to ever win a #MLB game..
if you know anyone that would like a fun, friendly clown please tell them about Dizzy D's Parties! ;) Have FUN!!
Next, should enable free download on domain sketchbooks, esp. to museum visitors' own devices ( is this you?)
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
Getting together with the people soon to practice the music, where are you ?
Hey! let's talk about your ideas!
R.I.P MY BIG BRO STACEY HILL.. IM FUCKED RITE NOW SO DONT MIND ME!!
It's nice catching up with someone and realizing nothing has changed
I am ready for Good Friday.
haha! Michigan State for him but I'm all UofM or nuthin.
having some issues lately but trying to stay positive! How are you my dear??
Looking forward to participating on the marketing panel this afternoon will you be there ?
I more day
Good point! RT I think a lot of our seniors hoarding is generational
its always sunny in philadelphia marathon (:
It is SUPER NICE OUTSIDE. Head to Frederick for #MdCBF. Tons of #mdbeer! See you there.
If you received an e-mail from me via LinkedIn, I'm sorry! I selected 4 people to connect, and it sent 800!
<3 RT you can do it mari! I believe on you! <3 lol
I had a wonderful morning and I look forward to a great afternoon
1 in 5 homes experience a break in or home invasion. Don't become a statistic. Call Alliance Security 877-760-2143
most important question: does it have a shower
bring your straightner babes n.n
"why are all girls obsessed with a deal?" - jack Keenan
Vegas baby....
NE won't even make real throwback Padres caps because it's too hard to make the bell. Easier to make it entire front panel
Brandy re: The Hunger Games: "If they're hungry they shouldn't be playing games in the first place." Brunch is always her answer to all!
I'll "pirate" that straight off :) Thanks!!
Someone needs to text me nudes. You know who you are
No way, what is this garbage?! GET UNGROUNDED FOR MONDAY GODDAMMIT...
Sweet! Did you have to put it in dry rice to draw the water out of it?
I feel a charge up coming...
Chemistry homework while on Spring Break? Yeah. We'll see about that one.
I used to sleep. Before I joined Tumblr and Twitter.
Which TACO TUESDAY taco is your favorite? Chipotle Pollo? Chorizo? Pork Al Pastor? Let us know & you might win a SURG gift card!
Don't forget we will be open tomorrow for 12-4PM! Check off those gifts from your holiday shopping list!
No Doubt! Also loved the mother's basement crack this morning ...
But there’s a man above that we all under bro No bread truck but he work wonders though!
no i haven't finished i'm working on it i'm waiting for my brother to get home he can help me
Certainly not, Marxism has collapsed.
We trippy mane!!!!
Dome's internet access a bit laggy again, will try to keep up. Thea took lead over shocking, 0-0 jam
that's exactly what I used to get the bottle open.
relaxing from a hard workout. Sore :) “: doing well. Watching Johnny Depp movie, always good. How are you?”
Gonna get things done
All though my music has a more, " Live like sound ". (without the fan responce) I am now looking for some help in the engineering and...
Couldn't agree more. Still have 's thought-provoking interview w/Radio New Zealand's Kim Hill coupla yrs ago on my iPod.
Playing some Mizzou football at NCAA Draft Party.
Fondue party!!
you know I'm down whenever. It'll happen very soon
Power 92 Chicago w/O ??? NO FREAKIN WAY!!!!
thank you! so glad you enjoyed them! :-)
SMH...I bad as I feel, I feel worse for Derrick.
the sky... gas prices. unemployment rate.. the usual
California, baby!
proud to have been major sponsor of MLK memorial only memorial on mall dedicated to man of peace hope and color
Pacers hosting a Viewing Party for Game 1 vs Miami at Champps at Keystone Crossing. Party starts at 3pm with Pacemates, prizes
RT“ Happy 20th Birthday to my brother Jeremy Dominic Swift!! I wish you were here with us ♥. Still screaming #RipSwift!!!”
Eric Reid and Marcelo Balboa on our podcast at thescore1510.com! Also, Tim McCarver/Joe Buck coming up next segment! Mile High Sports, 1510
Seal Team 6 is outside the Khardashian complex disguised as the Denver Nuggets
Did one of the presenters at #dbc2012 say that press releases are obsolete or did I just dream that?
Not a Jet fan at all but they are a compelling team to watch after acquiring Santonio Holmes. Hard Knocks should have quite a show.
Waiting for a burglar to cut your phone line and defeat your alarm before you call us? Wireles monitoring for $25 a month, get secured!
Former Chicago Bears Roland Harper Speaks Against Bullying in the Stateline
wait, quinoa is kosher for passover?
#digitaltext I brought donuts. You guys bring the beverages.
happy birthday sissy :)) !!!
Another kid who attacked the 17 year old asian manRAYMOND PALOMINO-white guy with no mask.who said hold my gloves in the vid
Wing Daddys sounds good right now :)
#freeboosie ha RT : if you see a $50 in this stash I'm a _____
I Want Sex Sex Sex Sex Sex
I sing RnB but this should be interesting. God bless!!!
“Authentic empowerment is the knowing that you are on purpose, doing God's work, peacefully and harmoniously.” Wayne Dyer
that's cool what you got?
I try to keep my expectations low.. It's easier that way. ;)
Check my profile :D
Don't worry Andre Miller I got dunked on by Marvin Williams once too
those are big shoes just wanna help the team
My 3 yr old Zach wants to know if independent party has an animal mascot - like the Reps with elephants and Dems with donkeys. Anyone?
Hey Radio station
Why do new dollar bills smell like a wet dog?
Good Morning Tweetland...may your day be filled with love, sunshine, glitter and a few lychee martinis....big love, Miss Ellie. x
..sounds like it might have some 'bite' to it...
At least ppl are pretty calm
$2 DRINKS ALL NIGHT AT BROADWAY BAR !!! 8800 BROADWAY !!! $2 TUESDAYS !!!
Thanks bud! Really appreciate it. I'll be in contact should I have any questions.
THAT'S A WRAP!!!!!!! working with was AMAZING...such good people :-)
MAJOR announcement about The Vinyl Affair reunion tomorrow at 2. Stay tuned to FB and twitter.
ok imma check some things out and keep u posted
AW <3 hope it doesnt hurt to much!! want me to bring you some ice? ;)
DESIREE! Find me before school tomorrow!!!!!
My professional, educational, and roommate worlds collide at the chiropractor's.
Join our mobile adoption team today at Petsmart on Coors Bypass! 9:30 am-5:00 pm.
Check out our newly updated website www.relishlv.com!
Happy Mother's Day to your madre<3
Mango burger....hmm. That's interesting.
ROMAN RELOADED XX IM STRONGER THAN THAT!X FUK YOU IM STILL HERE. LAST TIME ON TWITTER!x
#ThatAkwardMoment when you choke on your own saliva...
My car is dying slowly
Privately, Mr. Lincoln knew a dire situation had grown more grim. He summoned me and Secretary of State Seward to his office.
Wow!!! Congrats!
mics were set up for the police press conference, looked like she went before them on her own
Getting ready for showcase #SXSW - on at 10:30pm. Last show in Austin!
Are you playing in NYC anytime soon? I've been a fan since I was a wee thing and your musicianship has been such an inspiration.
market opens at 9am I thought
Im king
All I really want for my future is to be SUCCESSFUL and to have enough money to get my family outta Detroit and be set for life
Making plans to be for the #FlaDerby with and #FTBOA CEO Lonny Powell. Hope to see you there
Oh Tweet world how I missed you!!!
Real niggas always cheat on they tests.
RT Today your happiness will not be denied
Imma go shower now &hahah yeahh I'm sure... ;;)
So relieved it's not the same sample we used for Bruce Willis!! That was a close one.....
RT : RT : Proud of Tebow, that guy is a winner!!
#SIX great #ForeverLiving #Aloe product selections: Skin Care, Personal Care, Drinks, Weight Management, Nutrition!
Wanna see what's going on with barons knee but I don't wanna turn this #orioles game off.
RT : A4: Their local Emerging Arts Leaders network (for SF its ) & conferences
HDMI input or component video or ? are you using (assuming HD signals are used)?
What the hell is wrong with me? Went to bed at 2 and woke up at 7.....
that image was the poster for the final season. While you are too young for this, #sixfeetunder had magnificent ad campaigns.
I have a vision in my head: The Easter Bunny and Santa have a fight. Cue montage of "Now You're Just Some Bunny That I Used to Know."
Finally showed up on time for #nytm ... it is starting late
I just call it the "Nordic Look"
HIstory of AirNow program--from worries about how non-experts would interpret air quality info, to smartphone apps .
Wow! Congrats guys! RT : So cool! RT And the winner of our Facebook design blogger contest is .... !
amma act like i aint see that tweet lol
[Viral Tip ] Have a contest. Hire influential "guest bloggers" to judge it.
Excited to have former Wyoming Gov in my eco dev meeting this morning talking about WV's proposed future fund.
i have a paperback and kindle edition- and yup- its bad ;)
Working on post right now, and filming Pickup shots around NYC this week.
it's my 1st time participating in National Record Store Day! I'll be headed to my neighborhood in Portland!
Yes, I am dialed in for the Trials! And seeing you in Charlotte
Hey I have the captivate, but did not upgrade yet. What happened with yours?
I have no idea what to say in this eulogy. Dear nana, please help :)
yes of course just followed...can I please get a followback?!? <3
Ian Clugston wouldn't stand for that: Does Seguin have his sleeves rolled up? What is he, 14?
#iTendTo play some pretty sweet tunes!
Happy Valentine's Day
i don't have a final for 1st period, but i do for second. What time should i be there?
Yeah, I meant movement overall, but agree.
Happy the night is over.
Hey Broncos win! Going to the Joe! #BroncoHockey will see you next week for the next round of CCHA playoffs! #GoBroncos!
no not d wade just lebron
Savor your experiences of life today. Give yourself love & shine love to others. If it's hard to find the love in your heart, pay attention!
My life is becoming a living hell...
& Kristen Gallagher, Chris Alexander, Anselm Berrigan, Macgregor Card and more hello Alu! New York. Rooftop party in bushwick to end the eve
Feeling bad that it is 's birthday & I'm so slammed with work today I can't devote much time til later. Y'all be nice to him, ok?
Hey. All of you. Go follow because he's fucking amazing. And I love him. He's my best friend.
Love how commercials say "for full figured women" and the models are still MAYBE a size 6. Society. Sheesh. #T&A
Who's tryna match a little sheeva?
Not to tweet anyway
only 900 bucks.. D: I'll just quickly whip some money up for you
lol ok and yeah he's crazy for sour patch kids
I love your body. Those four little words hold so much power. sextip
I see lol and that's mean xD!!! Well I guess but I'm not gonna get my hopes up nor well I even try as hard as I should if
Absolutely true. Well-spotted.
Was this the source of the $8 matzoh ball? Was it studded with foie and topped with a fried egg? Side of kishke poutine?
Fantastic. Took 20m to get from silver spring to takoma and then we offload. Blarg!
Shit, my rent is due today! Yesterday was February 29, and I thought that I had 2 more days to pay my rent.
Brian Price!! QUESTION 2: Who was drafted in the same round with me to the #Bucs the year I got selected?
Got pets? Scout's House on soon - talking about pet weight loss! www.ff.ly/mq7nbk Tune in at 11:00AM Pacific
The chances of you seeing this are 1/13, but could you follow my twitter. I listen to your cd evertyday when I run. love, FJR.
I'd turn les for that homegurl.
roasted leek and potato soup!
lots of favs tonight thanks guys i feel super validated
Good job Yovani
Into the fourth quarter, Scott County leads 41-14.
Missing and and wishing a happy thanksgiving weekend to them!
Happy Super (Titty) Tuesday!
Doesn't matter...it was a non-elimination leg, anyway. :)
great job of showing how social strategy fits into busness & customer strategy
Even my dog gets up to leave the room when I sing.... #doireallysuckthatbad?
where is Corinne cam? On cmt website?
Check your inbox for our latest newsletter!
For those who are studying at Temple Japan and for the students who have family, friends, and loved ones in Japan, we are praying for you.
Games put us in context so we know why we are doing what we're doing. at
I was in Halifax, at a summer camp!! No time for computers/phones. It was kind of nice actually...
yeah. idk. i'm upset.
Sad news about Red Sox announcer Carl Beane, killed in a car crash near Sturbridge Mass. R.I.P
Wake up ..its fight day mayne... time to make all the boricua's in Puerto Rico proud mayne. We don't back down
Tnx for follow.
The world's population has just reached 7 billion. The phrase “you’re one in a million” is now officially an insult.
You already know that is not allowed near kids.
thanks man!
Hope to see you on the road soon!
Happy Earth Day! What are you doing to celebrate #EarthDay?
I'm not going to prom
Sorry for the problems w/your site. Please follow & DM the primary domain & we can look into this further ^CH
Quit having fun without me and come home!
i love twitter
Thanks for coming by yesterday during #blogtournyc! Enjoy the rest of the tour! Love the pics you posted!
No power in my SSJ neighborhood.
Bus, bike or car? How have gas prices hurt your daily #commute? We want to hear from #SouthLA residents!
Success doesn't bring happiness, happiness brings success..
Katz: which cases settled - upcoming paper. Over 24MM filed cases uses in analyss
Late Again *Shrugs*
Health Tips: the average spend on supplements is around $400 a year, move your purchases online to save an average of 100, and save gas
thanks for the RTs.
Looking for artist to add to our management roster!
Bbq and a little game of thrones!
Idk I just like weighing out my options knowing I'm just jumping into something SCARES ME **shrugs**
Kobe is not pacers we talking bout pacer not lakers
Let's start the day with a hacked iTunes account. Suddenly the crate of cd's I was about to pitch sound a lot better...
Cuomo says Comptroller's audit power was always in tact.
Haven't washed my hair since Sunday, definitely pulling tonight
Training sessions are on hold for the Holidays. Limited spots open for January. Call or email today!
The Vineyard it is!
Enjoy your tea!
we should do a song
Lots of people sans pants on the west side!
maybe earlier
just wondering if saw where the Braves swept the Cards
No worries! :)
there r cute !!
"Harness the power of social media and use it for your purpose" #socmedcon WOW, I like this!
#microstories "I'm ok, he doesn't hit me that hard."
i'll try, maybe someone will have a phone with good vid quality :/
if I followed you would you follow back =]
"You're so lazy." "No, I'm not. I've been converting oxygen into... carbon dioxide all day."
Can he fail his physical on purpose?
"Heart is what separates the good from the great." - Micheal Jordan
Where do you draw the line between ops and security? Running scans, reviewing configurations, etc.
Wow, 5,000 crazy people are following this pissed off municipality. Don't you all have anything better to do?
So bored at BWI airport waiting for flight to Afghanistan. Bored
Finally home!! Couldn't be happier!! #drake was amazing!! #clubparadisetour #jcole #2chainz #meekmill any fans??
Petterino’s invites you to join the fun tonight…stop by Monday Night Live after 7pm!
Interesting. Not sure I understand all the particularst. Junaio is like Layar? Will explore further.Thanks!
Work day is finish. Students come tomorrow. I hope they are excited to start as I am. I'm excited about the upcoming year
If ur not working on trying to be mine then u shouldn't be worrying about who's consuming my time
love you cutie<3
I've got some LL Cool J concert tickets to giveaway!
which world
That is ridiculous. Hope you didn't lose your work.
Hi Fleet! are you still in touch with Dave Gold? I know that you two did a documentary together.
Just had the illest epiphany
Just learned a new English expression - "bald" tire - which was the condition of mine!! #gomacalva #neumatico LoL
Watch out! I smell an upset. “: “… the other guy wakes up at 5 in the morning to talk [expletive] and work out.””
ah I wish I could of been there!!! To heal all the pain! I love you!
I need yu to do me a favor
Surely, running SEED is not the basis in which you subjectively measure the education reform results in DC?
Don't run to the bathroom
Secure transportation, order a $9 pizza, get free entry to a club, enjoy a 2 for 1 golf trip, get local deals instantly on our device.
anyone have info on what the polls are saying in each race?
You get in the biggest fights with those you care most about, because those are the relationships worth fighting for.
nope you text me ion got ya number
Worst dream ever last night 😔
NP Forgot To Be Your Lover
RT : The internet: your one-stop shop for finding people that agree with you.
I was told to buy a similar mattress to mine for my kid. Makes it more comfy & familiar for my child. So we got him a pillowtop
in comparison to the sun is nothin' :) You pickin' up what Im puttin' down my sista? lol (70 black mans voice) lol
Oh and a HUGE congrats to & for winning the video contest!!!!!
Birthday? Anniversary? Just graduated, or maybe you just need to say "thank you"...Check out our E-Cards. Thier FREE!!
Fred Sanford style
thank you for listening, John!
I feel a major sunburn coming on...totally worth it.
might want to give some more assistance for the NHL cover vote. is working hard...
Good luck!
Norwegian runner, Grete Waitz won the New York Marathon 9 times
Thanks, but store went under - another indie fatality. But you could support in SF. Great store & a small press too!
Poetry Jam competition---win cash at Black Writers On Tour . Go to 2Fwww.blackwritersontour.com%2F&h=98508
Tiny Gulf Coast Town Struggling with Ike Recovery - Insurance Journal
I'm into that...have to look into it
Fat is an essential part of human diet
Happy Birthday and
We need to drink again soon :)
Hm ... me thinks tonight is going to be full of revelry and nefarious activities. But only on #DowntonAbbey, of course.
Did you know pinterest is the fastest growing form of social media? How do they store all that data?
Thanks for the #FF today! Going 2 be a cool weekend, "Leap of Faith" in LA, munchkings' games, & Chargers Sun! Mon 5am CBS8.com rainy AM.
The Chief of Staff on #Scandal "Don't ever let a crisis go to waste Mr. President"
And that --> RT Less Usher holding on to 2004. More Will Ferrell. He's got 3 Best Ofs.
Okay, it was Tina. ": Junk sighting already out of the way! #TCAF”
no doubt sweetie
Goo day my baseball game canceld so I can go to bball and I lost my gym lock and was about to get in trouble but I found it in teacheroffice
Holly Witchey and I are working on the theory of inspiratelativity at the Museum Ed Division evening reception
i can judge u cuz i feel like it
you need to change your password your spamin
Studies suggest that the psychological pain of a break up hurts just as much as physical injury
thanks for the follow. Hope all is well.
- N is always the issue. If I had $1 every time someone generalized from too small a sample, I wouldn't need to fundraise.
I hate spiders!
Parenting tip: as toddlers charge towards leashed pit bulls, teen mother says to kidz if they bite you it his (my) fault
Looking to lose those last few lbs? Try this: Only consume carbs from grains & starches within 3hrs post workout. Other meals? Fruit & veg
W.artofevilgeniuses.com check us out. San Jose HipHop. W.soundcloud.com/artofevilgeniuses
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
damn it.... hahahaha. I wanna see this roommate of yours... lmao
The humbling experiences of life actually place us in a posture of productivity. - Ruth Harvey from The Shelf of Life
How is everyone doing this fine morning?!
Wonderful New York Daily News article #MollyQuinn tiny.cc/opfet
I saw you Austin and josh!
That moment when you feel helpless cause you can't help your best friend...
ur the best forever!!!!!!!!!!luv ya
doing homework cause I couldn't go to dance:/
Lets hope I get some kind, cause tomorrows Monday. I don't like Mondays.
I need some comfort
There's some serious interferance GPS kept placing me in Cranston RI until I step across hall 2 next Gate. Got 4sq finlly fixed-yay
i give up u win. ur too witty for me.
mine too!
Someone in S510 said worthy as "worth-y" the other day. It blew my mind.
DC: Cast your vote for GRAY (mayor) and BROWN (council chair), I did! DO THE RIGHT THING!!
I cab understand the book club as a social vehicle, but I just can't figure out what kind of books are "men's books"
how are you guys going to send me a b-day card without any drink vouchers?
Food time than more gym !
Bikram Yoga's new ringing endorsement: "I've gone twice in the last week and am not dead yet."
Thanks! We'll be exhibitng at Decorex in London this September, we're the featured center marquee launching our new collection. Sh
15 almost 16 and has no fear of authority, nothing gets through to him
your best buddy Mark Belling's horse?!
duh. haters RT : well. No kiddo
No school for me tomorrow . I think .. Woo
Holy shii, you're still alive!? I haven't seen you in freakin' FOREVER
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary
I'm sure they will once the canvass results are finalized, I have a call into SBOE to ask this question (among others)
Happy to know other females come before me .
RT Down Load "C'est LA Vie" tonight and Will buy you a McLobster!!! [X_x]CDRCLV
THANKS BABY GIRL BIG HUG HOW ARE U?
Sy Hersh presenting @ #Ridenhour Awards to Lt. Col. Daniel Davis who exposed sr. Military leadership deceptive portrayal of afghan war
Now following <3
English. Orphaned language on a lonely planet.
shout out!! How are you doing?? Missing you
how sweet
probably. So do you think there's one in Britain? Because the BBC is British, right? Haha when my mom asked where this was & I
Y the news only talk to the dumbest ghettest niggas on tv????.
oh i will don't worry it shall happen <3
Feed your faith and your fears will starve to death. ~ Author Unknown
you may have to just show her seeing is believing
What do I need to know before buying a new cover for my hot tub? Mine barely made it through the winter. Anything new? 32912
Oh and don't forget we are open till 3 AM on Friday and Saturday nights starting tomorrow!
All four dogs have been given their bath, now back to football.
Haha now I need to try and go find them at Marley Fest!! I know where Mileena is gonna be!! Hahaha
HEY I NEED TO POOP ON YOU
Thanks for registering Sharon!
I didn't even put feeling I put freaking!!
Hope you warmed up ;) I would like to go to church service with you tomorrow morning.
LMS if music is your passion! Share if you're livin' off music
that's insightful. An interesting theory.
I LOBB YOU MORE. Now clean your room 😃
my brother in law made it a few years ago after seeing you make it somewhere now we request it every Thanksgiving.
Yep! Have you ever been to Washington?
im Justin.You shook my hand after game. Im the manager for Spruce Creek bball. We played u in december.. Good luck at #duke!
#WHATHESHELL! come on boston
Twitter Chat as our guest to talk about content+collaboration. via
he was in the hallway walking past us. He a creep & a unk !
YAY!!!! Congratulations :) We'll be home tomorrow at some point.. haha
How did the telephones get married ?In a double ring ceremony !
Casual Racism = great band name!
Is there a Maker Faire at WWDC12 time? Also, are you going to WWDC12? Waiting on scholarship.. :(
um why?
My mother on the phone: "Oh! Sorry I can't talk right now!" and then proceeds to talk for 5 minutes.
ditto for me and we'll call it even. I already know a venue that would like that lecture. Know anyone who likes coin magic?
“: It's Sunday night....so please please please play some ! :)” THX Jen!
True, but on other side, the right has had fun talking about #Obama eating dog as a child & his college girlfriend recently
Goodnight satellites.
weird ass dream!
what zup with justin bieber :(
what time it start
what are you talkin about Justin?! lol
Where'd you buy yours? Comfy?
lol only if you be mine next time the summer set or tonight alive is in town ;)
not watching it now. But they just said it was personal problems. Idk what that is?
should be how much is Brady the blame for not making the throw he needed to make on left sideline Branch caught but outOB!
OKThank you for your FLOWER
College of Global looking for anything from Cyprus?
The cost of not following your heart, is spending the rest of your life … wishing you had. ~J Paulsen
Muppets...then maybe tree if there is time!
Hello Everybody!
is charlie sheen played out?
yes I'm still in town!!
Great Attitude! YOU are already a Great Mom! :+D
you're welcome! Congrats on the great episode!
hey,did you check ur email
Tonight I hope to bid goodbye, sayonara, adieu and ciao to Mr. Bulmer and the Kelowna Rockets.
Congratulations, Lali! There you are on the SLJ home page! So cool!
Shucks...I dream of a world where we all have equal access to free WiFi wherever we go.
Who learned a new trick today, and what one??
on twitter during church class? Only you can do it like a boss;)
McNabb??? Sorry brother he shouldn't even be a HM. I put you way ahead of him
about being a grandpa? That was funny right after he said he wasnt having anymore kids
Thanks to everyone who came out to to watch It's always a blast Win Lose or draw. See you all this Sat
what are y'all up to tonight? Want to hang?
“I will continue to advocate for all the citizens of District 2. This campaign is not about me. This campaign is about you believing we...
surf n turf #swag #iwannagiveashoutoutto Scott Cook
Headed to "how to market in a down economy" seminar... Take good notes!
Thanks! Merry Christmas to you too!
Working at Peaberry Coffee again. I wonder if they will start sponsoring me for posting this if I mention my work location often enough...?
Thunder storms are Greaaatttt
i accidently ereased everything on my sim card :(
Flying on a Saturday night
is there a deadline to take pics? Thanks for tweeting this.
Well it simply boils dwn 2 the fact tht the phone manufacturers put their own cstm skin on top of Android tht do wht they want.
Ahmad Bradshaw Is so quick and powerful, perfect running back
ha he's on the same!
Added incentive to watch Timbers In 30: we're giving away a pair of game tickets. Timbers In 30, Sunday at 6pm on KPTV Ch12.
"the world rewards exceptional....Good is rarely good enough..."
Hell yes! RT : no ACL for me..just UT vs UCLA will do just fine!!!
guh I ain't look at it like that I said cute
I arrive tonight. See you dudes tomorrow and beyond!
I know you've missed it...but it's back! Pick up the on stands now!
I love u too
Hi Curtis, thanks for the tweet about Scrubly, how did you like the service? Love StuckInCustoms!
shawty wanna tell me secrets bout an athlete. told that chick its more attractive when you hold it down!
just got up from a nap and feel TONS better!
I did some demos this morning and an chilling in my room b4 the 1pm sessions.
Need some help with your business telecoms?.. call the Globalnet Team: 0844 880 2010
Besides, I want to cover it, and promote it really well. deserves the best.
I love advertisements for things that make you feel like you have less stuff.
Don't worry, It's in rotation now, just stay tuned. :-)
Wow, Alan made it onto one of the most disturbing book covers (title included) ever produced! Congrats, !
I miss being bored.
I needs a drink lol
Recorded/filmed last night at the studio- great music and great ppl. See them tonight at obriens pub in Allston!!
You're pretty awesome yourself, Ramy. Really enjoyed meeting you. Please keep in touch.
is Terra's good? I have never been.
YOU'RE SO FUNNY AND YOUR TWEETS MAKE ME HAPPY
Boner jams 03
Love the audio interview!!! You are awesome!! :-)
At the Magic Kingdom. Haven't been here in awhile.
is about 800 likes away from 7000 on Facebook! they're one of our featured bands, so go help them out :)
#teamdjpaulyd what what!
lool it was such a funny moment ngl but after i was jus like - dad..im gonna be a car journey away not a flight away. -.-
Thanks for the RTs, mentions
#10RandomThingsAboutMe I'm a diabetic, disabled #PersonalTrainer and started my own #PersonalTraining business at 20yrs old
#FF ... all great people to follow
Every nite i pary to god that i will one day meet madison ik it still hasnt happen but i still have faith in him<3
I just feel like it would be like opening pandora's box with all the maintenance to keep it up. We'll see.
I'm glad Gods on my side and fights for me.
#vivaflorida500 Where will you be in 2013?
almost as bad as #Phillies keys to the game
Trivia Tuesday starts tonight at 9 p.m. Don't be late! Winning team gets 1/2 off their tab, yo.
RT : Indy biz owners needing to master LinkedIn conversions, attend BS&T Forum Friday 9-10 a.m. is guest speaking...
<<<That Smile is SEXY AS HELL!!!! All my clothes just fell off! Rock bring me to MIAMI!!
glad to help. Even though I may have made enemies of those that don't want you to leave
the Holy Grail? That sandwich looks incredible!
June 1 I'm back RT When will u be home mam
RT : Interesting discussion on what technology is selling into K-12 school security here at
when do you think we will bottom out? When is it a good time to buy?
not feeling anything at all is the best feeling there is
Would "Cloverfield" apply? Or was that just really bad filmmaking.
Festival of Grace in Kisii, Kenya was overwhelming. People in their numbers said yes to Jesus and He was present to heal ALL their diseases.
"My Girl" was jamming out to that yesterday!!! :)
I would call Nancy she has all the connections.
i know! like, wtf. that story made no sense too.
wanna know something? LOL
amazing :D
we can never predict whats going to happen--Life has it's ways of sneaking up on us & paving alternate routes.
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! Who's still out shopping for black friday?
Thanks for the follow! We enjoyed our first #brandchat today. Do u have any suggestions for more biz twitter chats?
“: need more work but I see yu lol” c'mon now.. You kno how I get dwn.. Haha
I went last week and had to go back for more over the weekend. YUM!
ya I will be
What does #FF actually mean :L
tried really doe
that would *not* be nice
The twitter account is like the boy who cried wolf (on student loan debt, phone jammers, etc.). If the boy cried wolf 50 times a day
Morning pooters! Lets grabe our keys put up our posters and ride the sunset until we burn from frost bite!!! Hell yeah!
thanks for the good tunes. #Avishai Cohen (Bassist)
happy b-day for yesterday cassidy i hope u had a nice one ily :)
Please join us on 11/30 as we co-host the 2nd Annual Diversity Summit. For more info, visit www.dcnaaahr.org
“: Great Satans! Sorry about your downgrade. I guess you are kinda like the Tito Jackson of free market economies.
I wanna play safety, but you didn't offer me a contract :(
i need to take a nap
i deleted my account...
At the park with Riley. Pondering humans' competitive nature. What would Kickball be without it?
I'm itching for a Mad Men spinoff all about Sally Draper and Roger Sterling.
OMG u r noa kress how r u?
LOL I HAVE THOSE DAYS TOO WHEN B.S. GETS ON MY NERVES
Perhaps the DOW can crack 12,000 on the downside. I can imagine that it will happen sooner rather than later, unless positive news breaks.
I'm hoping to meet some ELA flippers to help develop ideas for my literature
TRAFFIC: Crash - EB Belt @ Old Sauk
#Attention follow launch coming soon...
um hm
"So do you have a name" :No my parents decided not to give me one. they call me girl :D"
You can't follow me back Emperor Afroman?? I'm mean I am your chief of staff
“: someone retweeted something I said 102 days ago? o_O” lmao shit is real out there!
I don't even how to respond to that: w/ agonized weeping and gnashing of teeth? Or painful cries of hellicious despair!
The average person laughs 13 times a day.
So ready to compensate for the sleep that has been evading me for the past few days :)
looking for "crime novels" for middle school readers...stories akin to CSI TV series. Please post suggestions...
Fort Laud's Las Olas version of Miami's Bay Harbor Island restaurant Asia Bay features sushi and Japanese dishes, as well as thai favorites!
I'm actually going to the tasting tonight. Any must-try recommendations from what you've had so far?
BOO !! Don't let the $15 dollar locksmith trick you!! LOCKED OUT ? CALL US NOW. 24/7 @ (503) 241-4922.
Don't know if you're a Dirk Bogarde fan, but I found his 3 "Doctor" movies on netflix streaming today.
First ever live Twitterview today @ 4 pm with Fletcher Cox, the most common Eagles pick at 15. You bring the questions via Twitter. Check in
What Irrational feelings are you referring to? As far as "beyond reproach" Yes patriotism plays a role in times like these.
#shoutout, #mention, #followback and #promote YOU!
is anyone a Rangers fan? lol k
“: Less than 7hrs until the premeir of #BGC8!!!!! Las Vegas baby!!! #WildCards” O god here we go, u know I'm watchin.
I'm not a perfectionist....but I'm a perfectionist. If that makes sense.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me38
get well soon #sendinglove :)
Unless UVa wins this game (or wins the ACC tournament), we do not deserve a bid to the NCAA tournament.
“Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.” --Malcolm S. Forbes
Early start before work 😁
No Pizza Tonight at the food truck thinger?
Reality is not based on perception, it's the effect caused by it.
What's your best film? I'll check it out.
The only reason I'm awake right now is that I'm reading an awesome book. Percy Jackson FTW.
my little brother is bad ass hell omg get you life
Today, I'm celebrating my bday and enjoying myself! I hope you are having a great day too! BE BLESSED!
Right or left?
Met shooting Dierks Bentley vid together! Been friends ever since! :) “: how do you 2 know each other?! ”
Sounds like fun work, however! :)
#spotted a mall kiosk employee shaving under her arms with an electric razor WHILE SHE IS TRYING TO SELL ME A WATCH.
:#ConfessionNight when I was the trainer for the football team I pissed in the water bottles" whydid Rkelly popUp inmy headlol
Sometimes, but y'all are more difficult.
Resolutions can become new habits in just five weeks, studies show.
#midwestfashionweek is coming to a tv near you! Starting Wednesday we will be on several morning shows!
cant wait till i get my phone on
I think you're the psycho one. Lol.
with hole cards or no?
Heard a news report that the state of Louisiana subsidized opening the animation studio to bring jobs. First movie gets an Oscar. Not bad!
Pickup Line: There must be a keg in your pants, cuz I want to tap that ass.
Let's say ufff ):
Ha! I remember all too well. BTW I'm guessing I'll be back again. Gotta think Wisconsin has a great chance. Oregon??
Oh and i have called to #LFTC alot.
Thanks for the follow Dom - hope your website is coming along!
like your new song rise so pretty
looks like the games links on the home page aren't working...
I miss my truck it is like a kid to me other words I miss my kid :(
I kind of yelled at my mom because she didn't know what Elevate was-.- come on mom I only talk about it 100x a day
Gotcha! RT : ... and = ticket scalpers. DO NOT ENCOURAGE.
I'm still shaking :P
Tellerpalooza is tonight at The Mercury Cafe in Denver. We go on at 8pm sharp, for all you slow movers :)
oh great, now someones going to make a tweak that does that
Great win tonight boys! Lets go get another one tomorrow and all twitterless baseball players!
Of course=) Thanks for following!
the flavor
i love movie that have happy endings
don't need to be in your state to give you great art...look at my stuff I'll hook you up www.leocortesstudios.com
you know you want to:)
Im still in shocked from what happened..everybody keep tellin me to pay it but its still on my mind.
#Milwaukee:: is looking for a photographer/videographer intern and a website builder intern. Message me if interested!
Beautiful! Thanks for sending that our way.
Come in yall trey wasnt even on the countdown today text TRE to 79922
Energy level full and I'm reloaded we're up to bad homie
. One suspects that the absence of an answer to that question follows from the problem that is its premise, no?
#GoSkins! RT : RT Most dominant 2nd qtr on a major stage since...Doug Williams & the Redskins in Super Bowl XXII?
the tongue compassionately inscribing for us the manifold ways of repentance . . . golden channel through which streams flow!
Anyone going to the show tonight. He goes on at midnight. Get there early place gets packed.
Im down...ima holla at him about it then
I'm done with your bitch ass waste of time
Anything You Can Do I Can Do Better ;)
Just imagine if this was the Cats,I've been watching ESPN for 20 mins and just bottom line is talkin bout it We would be On fox news
: STEM culture must begin at home. Exactly...& continue throughout a community-wide invitation into STEM activity
Into The Wild..can it be that easy?
About damn time you joined!!!!
We will be doing a #bogo for the first 5 orders that come in at 12est keep your eyes peeled
thanks for invitein me to the moveies call me
satanic sacrifice. You saw Rhianna at the Grammies, right?
Beth Moore live simulcast today started with recognizing K-LOVE & our winner from Joplin!
Find someone to snuggle with, come over & enjoy a FREE Marinated, Roasted Olive Appetizer just becuz you tweet with us. Just tell ur server.
thx I hate veggies but I will try your recipes
Tryna Go Too Sleep , Somethings Keeping Me Up
nope. just cropping. i click, box appears anywhere. totally unrelated to my mouse position.
Been smoking so much strong, dis reggie sucks!
Watching #DogTheBountyHunter looks like it's gonna be a dramatic but exciting show! Let's go!!
4 every breath i breathe n every step i take,its evidence of something miraculous and far greater than myself im only a man empowered by GOD
weekends should be longer
SHOUTOUT TO <3 GO FOLLOW HER!
At least it was a steak and not some stupid hamburger!
RT For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. -John 3:17
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
oh, no...burst pipes! Man....when is it going to stop?!
I can't imagine NOT being registered to vote. Adults who aren't already are suspect to me, though encouraging updating registration- OK.
What an amazing job the 26 #PalmBeach #School for #Autism #preschool #graduates did last night! Kudos to our amazing #teaching staff.
happy to help support tomorrow.... can you walk while snacking??
lonngggg day, too much going on
NEXT thursday, doll :)
Sunny California my @#* I'm so ready for it to stop raining. W.mwishartpi.com.
First round in France and Hollande will win! Sarkozy 2nd, Right-wing extremist FN candidate Le Pen is a strong 3rd with 20%.
why do i keep coming back to you when you don't even care about me?
Yo, im feeling sexy and all i wanna do is sex
": Ladies beware!!! ;-)" of the python in my pants
Wasn't directed at me, but jeez, sounded just like Rs I know.
New review of ORACLE - SUNKEN EARTH. Ret Cooper's scars hook readers to continue the adventure within the subsequent six books. Check...
Much love to everyone in Bloomington tonight! Keep drunk and safe!
Hey pretty Good you?
#Rt if you up with me
Hauke had admitted to swindling 67 investors out of $7 million thru a Ponzi scheme.
just wondering
It's not easy watching a hockey game and football game at one time... Oyee.
in south carolina with jenna <3 going shopping.(: love youu.
This is crazy I'm bout to go to the movies again to see the same movie again but aye I ain't payin lol I love it
that's a tough one...depends on what all I had in my wallet!
Is it just me, or is a business named "Colonial Parking" oxymoronic? Because you know the Founding Fathers needed a place for their Volvos.
I propose a toast to this delightful weather - with an iced latte, of course.
I give it a week before Geraldo goes diving in the North Arabian Sea to find Osama bin Laden's casket. Will Osama be there when he opens it?
You're my idol. I can't wait to see on warped tour i'm going too three stops on tour too see you guys.
Just came back from Mothers day dinner. ON ME !!
This guy is writing out a cheque in the supermarket. I feel like I've time traveled back to 1950.
Happy Pancake Day to my friends !
Tom gets his request
LeJitt performed #INeedYour Love for the Green Room Lunge in Huntsville, AL last night! LG Music was LIVE in the building!!
Can't leave without the key... 😒
Inefficiency at its best: Pizza Hut on county line. They need Fox back!
it won't let me DM /:
Check out the hook while my DJ revolves it.
awww... not too much longer!
Tonight in her own polite beccaish way....said my face is getting fat.
One doesn't want to be wasteful, of course. If they get used, there will be less left for others!
bless MLK Jr. but i ain't gonna lie. i'm a Stokely Carmichael kinda lady
that is so awesome! :-) I am happy for you :-)
A little hair of the dog can help that. And by dog I mean pig. And by pig, I mean more BBQ.
I don't always have the answer but sometimes it is the effort that matter most.
It was huge The game sold out, Hartnell got a natural hat-trick, but they lost in a shoot.
": you know the world is waitin. Waitin on One-Oh-Three!"
omg I can't even imagine hehe
I want summer to come already.👙
all these politicians use millions upon millions of dollars to campaign and attack each other. why not help the poor/hungry n homeless instd
Lmao!! Were even right now. RT : oomf by the name of doesnt know how to hit the dial button lol ...mmhmmm -__-
Also, in case you forgot, it is 3:41 pm on Dec. 1 and OU still sucks.
Phoenix! Prayer with Manifestations June 2nd, 1-Day Workshop Appointments: Sunday 3rd and Monday 4th
watchin dr.phil rite now, jus waitin on ma baby
Girls who look like guys. Oh my god.
Sounds like such a perfect night.
bought ur album amazing loved it !!!!!!!!!!!
Today's Flatbread: Spicy Marinara w/ fresh blue crab, cucumber, tomato, house made mozzarella Soups: Broccoli Jalapeño or Chilled gazpacho
My Sims just had triplets.
Another great show at studio seven ....thanks unwritten law for having us out...some new live recordings will be up soon....thanks every ...
Not sure why I stayed up so late- wanna boogie upNout early tomorrow 4 Tour de Fat in Golden Gate park! Gonna B a gorgeous weekend!!
damn! stop being #nebby and jumping into other peoples conversations. geez.
how did I miss ALL of this?
.. A friend who dont know anything in football told me :"should I pick Brett Favre for my fantasy football team ?" #HOP !!"
I thought about you/us the first time I read that.
FIGHTING FOR NOTHING BUT THE BEST IN MY LIFE....
come down sardinecan!!
she's dying to go
"A mini-van is a like a moped; its fun to drive, but you just don't want your friends to see you." - in his rental van.
FINALLY getting the hang of twitter! yay! :) hahah took me long enough!
<3 appreciate tweet. Because I love him a ton.
Right, I understand.
Hopefully this snow has officially stopped. Looking forward to a productive day!
Living is learning.
Lisa recalls poetry drive-bys.
I wish I was lying to you
Strasburg is damn good... but striking out Pirates batters really isn't anything to brag about., That said, I couldn't do it.
That "Be Nice To Satan" shit in the beginning of Faded scared the shit outta me & my friends today lmaao
Hey I want to see Ryan Flaherty's diving play on #SCTOP10 tonight #O's
that sucks. Good luck lol :)
Something about work e-mail going to my phone makes me want to kill myself.
Isn't that always the case with me.
wait...Cincinnati has a football team?
One thing i luv about dj.n...... Play.n music the mainstream radio wont play #underground/new music
Needs a nap
It's about time!
It won't allow me to update CleverPin
and today's song is "Crying in the Rain" by the amazing Carole King..., il pleut
I'm searching Twitter for all the artists on the new Buddy Holly album so I can follow them. I love Buddy, so I should love these bands.
Packing getting ready for the long drive to Michigan!!
I haven't had hope for these kinds of situations for years. Nice guys finish last.
Pins and needles, needles and pins, it is a happy man that grins
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..SPREAD THE WORD.. GET YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW ME.. THANKS
« « I'm always gonna be screamn #LAKERNATION!!!!»»
Doesn't it suck when you think a famous person is following you and it turns out to be a fan account?
From "Common Sense" - great quotes. RT These are the times that try men's souls. Thomas Paine
OH: He told me I'm a natural squatter.
lmao soo weird i just tweeted u!
Grow up!!
Girl this my last spliff, ima roll it up with you
Spread the word too!
he's killin' it.
Did your dreams reveal any cool algorithms or at least a bug fix or two?
"❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Waiting for my crush to stop playing games."
#Tebow trade not official yet. Don't celebrate yet #Jets fans
man you funny as hell calling that asian dude pacqauio lmao. The Truth!
#oomf finna have my ass on the clink clink .... Top watch dog type shit
Lmao i cant wait!! RT : im going to be a BIG girl!
Looking forward to my Instructor Training on Sunday. I can't wait to teach Zumba and share my passion for this amazing workout!!
": agree on that listening is essential RT : A5. Do more listening than talking. #smmanners" listening is key
Wadupdoe!!!!!!!I'm Back Like I Left Sumthin N Dis Bitch!Hahaaaaa
get it, current. like being adrift in a meaningless sea full of nothingness
#well done
Morgan got me up with the birds I love my unborn baby girl
Last night was awesome! stoned as hell : P
Join the K-LOVE Albuquerque text club! Get the inside scoop & exclusive ticket giveaways! Text NM to 21947. Stndrd text messg rates apply.
RT : no. We have one and students don't use it. They tell us to use the networks they are already on.
Shopping with the roomie for tomorrow's event!
all of it's goo stuff!!
Two 400 level History courses and one 300 level means I must read until my eyes bleed this semester.
Two at my table busted and replaced with potential juiceballs. Got ~216k.
I forgot,it's #Wednesday.'splains everything! Need #EthiopianFood. #Kintot #Kitfo #GoredGored It's a #WarriorEnergy kind of day.
If all my guy friends were gay.....
Too bad the location by Disney closed, but if you find yourself in Winter Haven, chk out Pure Magic Ice Cream. Nutella with Oreo soo good!
Border Patrol officials have been told to reduce - even stop - arresting illegals, Arizona sheriff says
And? Nothing will change.
Stay safe if you're in the path of a tornado!
with Yao, I wouldn't have had them taking the series to 7. That's what was so entertaining. Battier and Artest going nuts.
Want to volunteer at ABQ ComicCon? Email with your name/phone#/email/availability!! It will be so much fun!
catches one in the eye, hahahahahahahahahaha
Nothing quite like a first post-performance listen and yelling "DAMN IT" at lame mistakes.
Looking for local boutiques and shops to sell our products, any suggestions? We're looking specifically in New York.
Who all u riding to the show tonight wit???
Man, I could build an army of Golem with nothing but the lint in my dryer filter.
thank you D!!!!!! Your amazing!!
me too and need it
nigga u took my ipod!
WHAT!? NOO! It's always noisy here, very congested.
Hey #12ntc friends where you getting dinner?
Thank you! I've been off the grid
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
Nice! Maybe a rubber chicken as well!
good morning everyone, hope you are all doing well
Less than 2 years ago I worked 4 as a stage hand building their stage... Now I'm omw to the Bahamas 2 open up 4 them
#Hugo was fantastic!! Thai food and bed.
I run into at the Venetian and tell him, "I back 3 players & you're the only one who loses."
this morning i planted the notion of converting a nearby empty lot into a community garden. lets see if it grows...
Why can't we watch Lost Girl online anywhere, but other shows are available?
Extremely happy to read that you're feeling up to eating now. Hope you have a wonderful meal w/ the family! :)
and you want to switch majors?
Yes, we can set the suite up with memory foam pillows and a comfortable non-down comforter.
“: Playing some tunes at four seasons jh from 5-8, then headed to see !” need djembe! Ha
powerpoint presentation/legal guide 4 this Wed. presentation 4r WLU Small & Family Business Centr on social media. will share when done.
Since when has Twist had an album like wut
Actually stoked for #iGo1D even though i haven't watched that show in forever. :) Just hope the jokes are actually quality humor
I hope you are well! Wanted to let you know that inspired a health campaign I'm working on. Thanks for introduction!
How messy my house is makes me want to cry...
more of de ganja smoke
its barely raining!
had a lot of fun at the SLSQ Seminar. Now for a week off before heading to Utah to work with the Muir Quartet and Joan Tower.
invades #KansasCity this weekend.
Where everyone knows my name, man.
Know who you are - your strengths and weaknesses will come out in your writing #USC #Writers conference
Omw to the #SFZOO with my daughter n her class....
About the only good news I have to report is that I managed to take down my Christmas Tree in a timely manner. Yep, that is it.
The Saturday Night Takeover, The Bonham Exchange!!! You ready?!?
Wearing an Asking Alexandria shirt and Black Veil Brides shorts. :p good combo.
$CBIS is still up 50% #stocks #trading $80B market? MAssive!
you welcome sweetie followback
there is a book on "consensus" that the W3C uses with all there work. does anyone know what it is called?
Haha not at all. I'm hoping to carry on a 6 game winning streak
Hmm...smells alot nicer in the today than Tues... Oh yeah Torres isnt here tonight! ;D
Heading into 3rd month of the year. Very, Very behind on my goals for this year :( Not Happy
well you gotta remind me! Are you going with patents? Or school?
just landed & plan on getting there around 11ish to run! I will have grey pants and white fluffy lulu running jacket...maybe!
But, Sean, don't get careless, I'm sure it'll be fine, I love you, I love you. Oh, brother of mine
You'll have to pardon the spelling when I get into something I don't watch. We are supposed to be the intelligent species.
Heavy rains means heavy logs floating down my river. Not sculler-friendly in the least. I need to move...
#yeee lifetime soon (:
sproing! sums it up well - my interns are looking at me like I'm crazy right now
Our new website will be up soon !!! Be safe everyone and enjoy the Holidays with your Families....FREE ESTIMATES! 858-486-4070
It's about time
Whats Good BoII Where U At RT : Gotta get fitted for my uniform for school today
Miller with the Tech. I love chippy playoff basketball. No easy baskets.
I hate wen u’re typin something long, look up & notice dat u weren’t typin anything at all...
We have some great things coming for our dealer partners!!!!!!!!!! Very Excited!
#RIPBoyBelieberMartin he got bullied for supporting justin nothings wrong with supporting hes his idol -.-
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 2
Aren't you a lil to old for a diary
everything is definitely better in B&W
lol I think I handled it pretty well 😊 If I have to say so myself. ☺☺
So eating a tomato a day turned out to be nothing. What really mattered is the right size of tomato! :D
shouldn’t have looked at her schedule for Wednesday and Thursday. Now she has the vapors.
Tipping & the Recession: are diners really tipping less due to the recession?
As I have said so many times, anyone who will take 24 or 30% interest is not a business man. He is just swine, common ordinary swine. [1945]
is talking about sandwiches.
Yes, yes I do.
Don't know why but my cheeks are so red :/
Were giving away a $50 giftcard! If you are here and haven't put your Business card in the bowl be sure to do so!
Wife's 40th birthday surprise :)
