Shout out to my sister who is graduating with 2 degrees and a minor and who is #4 in her IUPUI class. :)
anyone have any recommendations for a teamspeak hosting service? Looking for one for this summer's #ds106 edition. . .
I just love math so freaking much!
Awww :/ my pick diddnt make it oh we'll I still have 2 more to go !!
Tough Question: Game's I remember for excitement. Tuck Rule. Bears v Card "Let em off the hook". Helmet Catch might win.
Welcome and to twitter!!!
Wanna join Zipcar today? We're giving $75 driving credit to today's sign-ups! DM us for details
I figured that silly. lol I mean what time??
you cooking?
Wow. I've just learned, via , that postal voting is mandatory in Oregon. What if scandal breaks on November 1st?
Cubs pitchers don't have a single hit this year...0-28. Wow...getting ZERO production from 7-8-9 spots...just like my co-ed softball team.
Worship = Manifestation!!!
Ugh, find an escape route!!!!
I think I do, too. Don't they make a shampoo for those yet?
Thanks very much...The Newport looks great!
Teaching/what you know/is learning/how little/you know
Google "How to [insert web marketing technique]" and look at the results for a few years ago. It will be entertaining/shocking.
You know, actually taking the time to read other peoples' stuff when you're asking them to promote yours. But if that works, great
It seems the War Eagle's days are numbered. Even our trusty steed couldn't survive Beebe.
we got u homie going down Jan 28th touring the streets of Paris At the Razz Music House CEO
You should! Definitely settled, not homesick.
road to #Omaha “: The #Noles win game 2 of the Tallahassee Regionals 23-9. Tomorrows game will be at 7 pm tomorrow.”
He did not just say that.. Hip hop fighter to a rap fighter lmao
Happy because practice tomorrow is at 8 instead of 7... But the fact that I'm the only one that has practice kinda ruins it...
You did. Like I said, hope he can turn over a lineup a couple times.
oh my lauwd! I need all of the things...ALL OF THEM!
With a loan you need to be financially sound, where with factoring the determination is made on the soundness of your client’s financials.
B12 won't do it twice. This whole situation is about more money and not so much charity.
Yay Brees just threw an interception! We need to win this Houston come on and let's close this now!!!
or maybe Hamas using it for cover and weapons storage - like they are doing with Mosques
Rush Limbaugh: "This is the politics of minority conservative personal destruction."
my teacher in here singing refill by elle varner :) thats the bangger thou !
you made me LOL in my French class.
your dentist is a billionaire alcoholic? I'd construction dear getting a new one. ;-)
I GUESS SO
Professional health center in VA www.inovadocs.com
Please welcome LionessDeja to the Max life
Someone who's only almost right for you will tear your world apart but will feel bad about it.
how dare you be so delicious!? :)
#ThingsIWouldLoveToDo. Sing, dance, have a good time and not give a flying fuck what's going on with everybody else.
Jeezuz, that's gorgeous! I must have been a dame in my past life. Probably a flapper.
People are fickle mush heads. Don't let them see you (flop) sweat!
you need to get on fb
Tnx for the tweets about our Manga Guide at #bib11. DM me if you're interested in a review copy from the series. -RW
Whoa cool! Any link to her discussing it? I wrote my masters "thesis" about it ya know :)
Got to see my daughter dance and sing all day with some girls that have been on broadway in the casts of MaMa Mia and Lion King!
Ha! One of the few examples, though, that is actually spelled with a j...
RT : We can always find something to relate to in Star Wars. -Stacey Swigart
Heading to the Ofield Dukes Diversity Summit tomorrow? Be sure to use #PRSADetroitDiversity in your Tweets!
Aren't we all just walking contradictions?
GM proposed taking over one-third of Isuzu, source says GM initially suggested taking a controlling stake of more than one-third in Isuzu
star and shamrock, the pug or argonaut would be / are always my picks. Maybe throw in queen Vic too
not yet...
I've noticed a distinct lack of live tweeting. I can only assume that's mimosa-induced on this day of days.
Palmetto Bay Council Member J Lindsay brings the Building & Permitting Advisory Committee forward. Gr8 work by committee.
I'll let Brad have the honors, because I am a world-class gentleman.
just heard...indeed there was a PAWS upgrade this past weekend.
my favorite #AUSTREAM moment is whenever your mom asked you to teach her how to dougie!! :)
u forgot about me
follow back please? =) <3
Use the message that attracts the masses in your marketing. Research!
Searching for Boom Operator and other Production Staff. Please email Liana Afuni if interested.
If you're looking for a #Brewers bright side (and I know you are), in 2011, Cards started 3-8 vs Milwaukee, finished 9-9.
At UCLA's Intel Act Now, celebrating organizations which empower women and girls
haha ya. I myself never went to Irani hotel...it will be good to go.. :)
New music and new videos and photos are coming very soon! Check out my Facebook for more updates and to hear music :)
Music, motorcycles, and food.
you make me want to have a Tumblr.
could really fucking care less
"The fight for progress isn't about sympathy, it's about opportunity," Gene Sperling calls for inclusion
what's better than coming home to a pug and a letter saying that you're a semi-finalist for a talent scholarship? YAY
I heart that show and it will always have a special place in my heart!
Has a new appreciation for LA now that she's seen it on foot and on the metro accompanied by mi 'manita, Pata. Orale! I get it now.
Chillin' at the crib, expensive ass view; I say I'm tryina live life, I'm tryina breakthrough..
“: Bagels and Lox?” Absolutely. Tell'em to go easy on the capers though.
All alone in the big city solo...what shall A nigga do :-)
Thanks for the RT! :)
send some quick!!!
What's a decade earlier? Far as we're concerned, the way of the sixties was paved by the Boomers! ;)
me too..like I've said before this bitch smartened up not gonna let someone bring me down don't care how much I love them
Weak RT : Francona won't be part of any Fenway celebration: By Tim BrittonTORONTO -- Terry Francona told the Boston Globe ..
The overhead shot of the bag looks like a vagina
COLORBLIND wishes everyone a happy thanks giving:)
Hello Lucky! RT : AND THE HATS GO FLYING! Evgeni Malkin gets his third of the game! 7-1 #Pens! #hattrick!
Love your new AVI xo
Studying while on
T.G.I.F.! C'mon over to #Fridays to celebrate the weekend! Join us for $4 #highballs and half-priced #appetizers from 4-7pm!
straightening up house to show to next potential renters...this is becoming a twice a week occurrence these days.
yes the books are always better lol
Last night I was on my bed with my cuz, It was kinda dark, I got up & tripped over a basket that in knew was there, I like fell, MAD funny.
Why are some of you acting as If It's Impossible that Jelena broke up tho. Like shut up.
hopefully you spent more time with your teachers!
most awkward person in the world win. Sending an IM meant for your boyfriend to your boss.
Its a half day at school today! All classes are 30 minutes and I get out at 1:40!
Congratulations to Jessica Record for signing with A & M Talent House!
Oops. Nevermind. Just saw the answer. :)
It's not all about you! ... If what you are getting online is for free, you are not the customer--you are the product.
#HillerHelps - #CollaborativeLaw helps you reconcile with your partner. The 'peace tent' created gives you a chance.
Share an update NEW YORK (CNNMoney) --...the Federal Reserve said it planned to keep interest rates near historic lows through late 2014. …
Wish I was at the #nfldraft just so I can find and touch him😳
IRSC Prof. Enhancement Day for adjuncts was great - lucky to work with so many talented people. 👍to Dr. Tina Hart and Sera Serafini!
sunday night slow jams are on point tonight
Mailed my saliva specimen today. I'm eager to learn the results of my Personal Genome Test and excited to impact research.
what all did you do?
What are these games of hunger you speak of?
ha, I didn't intend that. I hope the "don't have time to be happy until I'm 'successful'" crowd someday realizes they're wrong
Great senior shoot 2day, just got home from rock girl casting call shoot & in 5 hrs we'll shoot children's 5k at #millerpark!!!!
Sacrifice is giving up something you love, for something you love more. Do it for yourself, never compromise to be something your not.
Replying to my guest blog post for Great comments and good discussion. Great to see other happy SJSU SLISer's out there!
We are working on the Favorite New Country Stars February Contest, and are Aware of the Error Reports some of you are receiving...
and days and days...
Cheers for the social media efforts of Boulder Co rangers. Of course BoCo rangers are the savviest of rangers.
Awesome day at the beach :))
i dont get it... Is it Adeles song? Lol
We're like kids in a candy store at #pizzaexpo in Vegas this week. Just saw a bamboo pizza box that biodegrades in 30 days.
They don't believe in "better safe than sorry"? It sounds risky.
i haven't had to lol all day!
nah. Amanda is drawing it out to see if I like it first
4 a.m. wake-up call tomorrow. Big day though.
martini time. what!
Game 5 in Chicago #Bulls vs
just put you on.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood." ~Marie Curie
on another note, children of the night, respected agency for helping youth out of sex trade, explicitly prefers "child prostitute"
Seeing other people happy makes me happy :)
I sound like such an ahole in my at replies. I need to lighten up. :/ ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I miss your face! :) are you in Florida?
second half was exciting but it never should have been that close and leads lost. No help from Bench get it together and win Wed.
I like angsty independent movie soundtracks...especially when I'm putting my face on.
me too! Have a beautiful day!
Wrapping up from yokes! :) and just had a fantastic meal!!
always a fan of #libraries, see you soon!
It was super, and the wine = A+ RT : congrats to to a great event last night!! xo
what is your favorite song from Wicked?
what are you gurls doing?
Oh man, you've gotta visit the Big Gay Ice Cream Truck again & report back on that wasabi pea dust.
I no rite cant wait until friday Saturday i am going be busting my ASS at least 5 times while i am skating LOL
Short day today
Thank you ...In every word I wrote ~ I’ve put a piece of soul ~ Have you?
we starting it today ! Uh oh and the concert tickets start selling today too
"TEXTING 101: (Oh) = Stop talking to me. (K) = I'm done talking. (Whatever) = Screw you. (Fine) = Screw it. (I guess) = I don't give a damn"
bro if the wrong white person read this it would open a racist ass discussion
Daylight Saving Time Begins this Sunday! So set your clock ahead 1 hour. ♥ this time so much more.
What genetics is and is not. Actually, genomics. (Dr Thomas Insel, dir of at #PAS2012)
Please "like" our Facebook page - Abused in #Chicago too, thanks to all who have already. I know we can get more!
Gathering Content for Celebrity Spouses website
throw in a box of crest white strips (I'm low on them) and I'll take it! :-)
I live for two reasons. 1) I was born. 2) I haven't died yet
Keep up the good work with your mini MICA reunions : )
it's not working for me tbh
N gosh it looks like its gonna rain
It seems that until UVCC,BNW-EE etc.have the type of financial resources to threaten sellouts,BUFFOONERY
Been busy working...
Make it trend...
RT : We are excited to be apart of walk tomorrow! Come to #UNLV tomorrow for a great event! Walk starts at 10:30a!
what happened?
Dear San Diego tourists, I like you, I need you, & if you'd just not blow smoke in my face on my run along the Embarcadero, it'd be so good.
RT : #ivlp participant is posting regularly abt her visit. See her thoughts on everything from Georgetown Cupcakes...
The new pepsi next, makes you burp hella! XD
RT : Back-to-back jacks! Jeff Baisley adds a solo shot and the 'Topes are up 8-0, Bottom of the 5th
I still gotta do that video for Hayes -__-
Shaq is talking about Salado Creek on TNT! crazy!
man shut up
Nice! I can't make it until June, but have a date set to go!
I love cold case
You really have to get some info on police's intent. Are they going to evict? Do they know what they're going to do?
Good first day ... its crazy everything is back up and running. Going to be a long but fun season ...
So its about to rain
Congrats to former Cavs coach Mike Brown on his new gig with the Los Angeles Lakers
Will take a look at this. Mostly using Sublime Text 2 now, but still a lot of vim at the CLI most days
think u had about as many drinks as I did tonight..haha
RT : Lineup at is about 20 min behind. Got to catch a bit of comedy, Big Rock Club up now. Very pop punk a la Ataris.
Just woke up to myself and the large foreign woman in deep sleep next to me on the bus getting weirdly close to cuddling... 😳
hi! have done :)
Sorry to hear the news and wish all of you the best of luck!
Wonderful weekend off with the family....need to make it a more frequent event.
if your out tonight, come hear the skills of Dj Moma at Retreat nyc tonight!
Kentucky Derby!!
(....a phrasing that I just realized is awfully confusing if you don't notice the extra space. How about: the main site is *working*.)
Hahhahaha. Spanish is fun. Gotta love that class.
But yes, of course it's possible.
Gym, session, special lady, sit-in gig, home.. gonna be a great night.
Wow, they just announced Oral Roberts JUST BARELY missed making the NCAA tournament as an "At Large" they were the "first team out"
The first trait is the ability to set goals - need help teaching your child how to do this?
say, what we gone do about return flights?
We also think thats a fantastic idea ;) Hope to see you tonight!
Moms- What advice can you offer to new Moms as they enter #motherhood?
me and went in at wal-mart (y)
lol well it would make sense since I did shoot a Shaw commercial. ;) I was being facetious. lol
Any idea why there are snow plows in the city?
okk followingg(: do you know who this is?
Can someone explain to me how Carmelo is an All Star?
“: Pizza or Pasta, gotta go w/ Pasta. #TeamSpaghetti” hahah
tired. no more eleven pm two mile runs.
"Lugging the sledge hammerthrough thin spring lightwhacking" I love the way you've run words together. Inadvertently?
I love
Matt Kemp is the NL player of the week.
I already follow him!
6mile run, 2 mile swim, and so much jump training you would think I flew... all in a days work
thus is getting good!
Students go back to school Monday, Jan. 2 after winter break. Quick turn-around after New Year's!
#GymPetPeeves The broken scale in the locker room at EVERY New York Sports Club.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...you approve a "someone tag you in a post" thing & it says="Now You Gotta Say where you ARE!" no CIA, I don't!
The purpose of It's Okay To Wait is to get families talking about sex with their teens. If we don't talk to our children, the streets will!
Never again, , never again.....
q3) Appreciation is really important
With pleasure. ;-)
Cool. Glad to help. :)
Your brain - I like it.
My sentiments, exactly.
We've got ourselves a hockey game, folks! #NHL #Playoffs #LetsGoPanthers!
The overworking of the brain at expense of all other functions must have had a fatal effect even on children of robust temperaments (1855)
: o wow!! Those #'s are almost unbelievable!
ProtoTap Company had our first show this weekend! It went great! tore it up! Let's get it!!!
Please stop talking.
did you just disappear from Facebook?
just grinding how u been
RT if you think me and are a PERFECT COUPLE ♥♥
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift.
Really need someone to talk to right now, I think.
that's the best quote girly!!!!
On that note Joe always goes for Deep Ellum's vegan burger. My favorite place in town if you haven't visited yet!
Thanks Chris! RT : I gave +Karma about internships to the future on
get on my level.
hope you benefit Beth. we're getting a lot of good feedback on the book and looking for more ways to get the message out.
I'm ready for tomorow
Many thx to , , & , Thomas Krichel & all who attended for a great 1st annual.
R.I.P Whitney Houston. One of the greatest singers of all. All of us shall let her rest in peace <3
i followed just because its a kardashian friend even thou im not nut would love to be
Awesome! Thanks! Going to be following you girls. Tweet often!
That's the matchup I'd most like to see as well...
"Never take your eyes off your opponent - even when you bow." Bruce Lee, Enter the Dragon
lol when I was there they played vida la vida
One of the worst things ever is seeing a girl cry. I hate it.
but you are the worst procrastinator ever lol
#LetsDoThis we are gonna get his ass back! and make him suffer!!!
"you have to agree with me"... - predominant theme of many korean films
Free tour today at 4pm! Stop by!
Warm up on the way to work with a cup of Darjeeling and a Blueberry muffin.
the white one's we ship BFG out in at the post office for free. you can order boxes @ USPS 4 free also
Had a great time at El Coyote last night with friends, looking forward to tonight's big red carpet event. Will be in full-tuxedo mode! :)
#missSKCsomuch RT or chanting "you don't know what you're doing" to idiot drivers
ok.. uh what's ur least favorite subject?
Good win for Cooper to end the regular season. Disappointing season for Dixie!
Mindless behavior is NEXT :D Yaaaaaayyyyyyy !
Like you I haven't had the time to get into shows! Example: Modern Family absorbed 2 hrs of last night I DID NOT have to spare
thanks cat. I love you!! I couldn't have kept going without you!
winding down after a nice long weekend
I totally forgive u (picture a tear rolling slowly down my left cheek). Not trying to make u feel guilty. LOL! Have a Gr8 day!
for both the audience and the company/artists?
Enter to win a free office by liking us here on Facebook!
I caught her thank u very much, let her go so she can get bigger for next time RT“ give that fish back to whoever caught it”
OMG I LOVE UR BLOG
what does it take to get a follow back from you?
Ill be rite black stay white here
Join Colin from 2night at for a Happy Hour Brew Session in the Copper Kettle starting at 5:00
hi! Is it TRUE
you're welcome! :)
Hey So good to hear ya live! Thanks for rocking the fuck out tonight!
At the Massey Knakal Investment Summit. Lots of optimistic talk on NY real estate.
What about someone useful like Dunta Robinson or Carlos Dansby (or hell, Hunter Smith)? RT : Here we go again...
At homeroom with :D craving some spam musubi and he needs a scarf lol
Im a single man...smh
Updated GUI software simplifes x-ray imaging - Test &amp; Measurement World
I can't stand the kardashians!!
what is criminal is their ignorance.
And later saying I'm sorry. Well as a face in the eye of the public and the voice of the gop, he should know better. Take this man down.
Congrats to everyone who won movie tickets as part of our cart promotion. We will be contacting you this week about ticket delivery!
Anyone think that using technology too often takes the focus away from learning content? Just wondering!
Thanks for the reminder 👍 i get it
is my mom ever saw me writing #niallwhipshispenis she would smack me!
Hot dogs, rad music, and beer tonight a Frank! Oh Look Out scheduled for lift-off at 11:45.
I don't think I've smelled that recently lols
Patriots against the Falcons... Not too worried, hopefully we will get Welker on the field tonight!
hey boy. I'm so glad you just told us that u love us. Because I was going to ask you if you would tell us u loved us. ♡
Carlos, the Nokero model, has made his debut!
Damn, if I wouldn't do just about anything this side of legal for tickets to 's DC concert in May. Come on Universe!
What's up bro just wanted to say that I love you!!! :)
Happy b-day Mitch we are partying in Wis for ya. Yahoo
Joe Hooker wanted to win final battle of #CivilWar & be President. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan is how he failed. $2.99 KindleAmazon
round table sign spinner decided to preach to me about Jesus instead of his $6.99 lunch special. bummer.
Search function not working properly, songs not loading in One_Love_Room , Server issues?
oh yeah I forgot NFL 😉😉
Good morning ppl it's Friday but I dnt think most of y'all ready for the wknd!!
I can't read the "Saggy Baggy Elephant" to my son without thinking of "TruBlood"
Twould be interesting for Kim Stanley Robinson to read #debt by then revise the novel Years of Rice and Salt accordingly
get a new laptop for pennies, tonight at Bidfather!
Well, the Bucs are third in the NL Central.
Good afternoon and a very happy #follow #friday!! :) :) :)
Don't worry about how things might turn out. Just remember that nothing came to those who didn't try.
really? I didnt think he was that cute... lol
What a cutie!!! Totally the 'It wasn't me' face.
How does your device accomodate for different physical characteristics of different golfers?
yea do that
These last two years of my life I have learned a lot of things one thing I learned is it is what it is shit happens.
Spent the last 2.5 hours in my culture of Jewish history class. All we discussed were 3 passages from the Hebrew Bible. My mind is drained.
Everyone Tells You That You Deserve Better But No One Is Willing To Give It To You
Isn't that just all teenage girls? I feel old saying this, but dammit, teenagers are annoying!
i can smell bullshit a mile away
Poker tourney at the Peanut on 8th and Washington 2day at 230. $50 all you can eat and drink. Proceeds go2 Toys4tots - come out and support!
Agave is tequila without the regret.
If you know me well, you know that I hate Jersey. After spending a day in Pennsylvania, I have a new appreciation for NJ. PA is horrible!!
I always feel when someone tweets "shit up" I feel like they are talkin to me.
indeed! =D
Chicago Bears to Win NFC North? Maybe, but Let's Slow Down: Fan's Take - Yahoo! Sports
Cleaning The House :( Bout To Go To Walmart And Get Some Things For My Trip Tomorrow To New York We Leave At 3:30 Am
A truly American art show: Political cartoons and rock n' roll...
In case I'm not on Twitter tmrw, happy early birthday to the wonderful ! And if I AM on Twitter tmrw, I'll say it then, too.
It's Make Up Your Own Holiday Day! "If you cannot be the poet, be the poem."-David Carradine It's going to be a LATE night finishing paper!
Time to celebrate a virgin giving birth to the son of God by leaving out milk & cookies for a fat guy who rides flying reindeer.
“:I couldn't find enough ratings on Beer Advocate to make an informed decision. Let's wait another month”--Thats a new one!!
ya sal I was
Good evening, Lovelys!
I used the local store-brand of organic/natural. And I've kept the roll in the freezer for slice-and-bake.
Is that a candy? RT : please tell me you know Bohemian Rhapsody!!
welcome new followers
I got you too lol. On Wisconsin!
I can't believe I'm saying this, but I've become a Knicks fan. I'm caught up in the Linsanity.
Amazing things happening! 1. I'm so PROUD of my girls who walked in the Blush of Spring Runway Show this past weekend!
The door on one deal closes- but about to walk thru construction site of possible new deal! So exciting!
I believe ma'am, I just just farted.
romney has shown zero respect for dogs, gays, & women. he only needs to insult hockey & he'll have insulted ALL THAT I LOVE.
Except Wynton/Clapton. That was a mistake.
Happy 18th Birthday to my wife !!
should married men be entitled to at least one girl friend on the side?
Do you know how much it would cost to have a professional clean your windows? Estimate are always free!!
if thiss nigga dont quit making me feel good! *not like that!*
#teachers sometimes can't control the classroom
it really is phenomenal how many people are taking time to donate to such worthy causes!
Happy Administrative Professionals Day!
Thanks for the great article !
We agree. Some people are born with a love for fashion and others like our writer develop it over time.
He's the Christmas Rapist. He rapes on Christmas.
Done!! ": Good morning, #Ward5! A rainy day is still a great day to get out and vote for ! #Ward5se"
YES. I love my icon lol.
Made me laugh out loud! Can u imagine anyone making Miss Beauregard move over?! -Julie
Went from having both outfits planned to nothing for my formals this weekend #fml another added stress
With a 70-66 win over Baltimore Elite, Houston Hoops go 5-0 in Nike #EYBL Session 3 in Frisco, TX
Just finished another cut for the EP...OMG vocals sounding good.....sounding like church in here!
We're struggling this afternoon! We all need a nap after all that bacon! RT : Have to work out 3x as hard tonight thanks to...
": watching a show about the Amish...#YOCKO" thug life. word.
congrats, OFFICIALLY!
Sorting through all my footage from #India. So amazing. Looking forward to the editing process. #coolest short doc film EVER.
obviously you don't need to be that great of a rapper. If you can have thick skin be made fun of and dance by yourself your in
I think they use statistics & make certain guesses about you. It's a shot in the dark that hit, rather than a fact they discovered.
This is called 'enlightenment.'
Looking forward to moving into our new rehearsal space in a couple weeks. Better neighbors + lower mold count = 3 new releases this fall...
Happy New Years to all my friends. Let us surround ourselves with lot's of white light and allow it to travel to all our friends and frien…
My name is definitely not Ted. It's David
i actually got some homework done today
listening to Democracy Now about the potential threat to NY drinking water due to natural gas drilling
"Catch my fade" "run me my fade" blahblahblah. All that shit sounds dumb as hell you look like a stupid bitch. Fighting is so retarded.
Just got ok for #FiftyShades discussion. at lib. Will call it "After Dark Book Club" :) Handout #1: What You Should Read Next...
Theo is changing the culture on the north side
even Romanian discos close. Or become the movie theater during off days. !
There's nothing I can do, A total eclipse of the heart.
SAT in the morning !! 😲
thanks. my apologies. if it happens again ill just delete myself.
send me an email!
new mic comes in the mail on the 8th #STOKEDD :)
Heading to #Tampa #St.Pete any #crossfit box suggestions? Road warrior.
so siked TTYLXOX gotta go out
shopping yeah!love it
Being There - Wilco
Go upstairs and check on your parents! RT That was the most intimidating thunder ever. The entire CC Headquarters just shook.
Changed my icon. holla ~
Stephanie, I won a signed copy of The Best of Me from Mr. Sparks. He told me to contact you.
watching Lady Gaga, born this way video.
“: #Libras can be or seem elusive at times, but they #always make it back to the ones they #love.”
4 more days .
right and proper. :-)
At the Maryland Democratic State Central Committee Meeting gearing up for the 2012 election...4 more years for Obama!
#Imagine Austin putting whipped cream all over your pussy and then slurping it up<3
I can't wait! Special Edition has been preordered since March!
Is there some kind of slightly perverted Robin Hood computer game out there? Because that's what I feel like doing right now.
aw josh I knew I could count on you to make my day! =) lol.
I KNOW!
I found it moving (cheesy pun intended).
Buyers Need Negotiation Believe it or not, even in a roller coaster economy and buyer’s market, buyers still expect you to negotiate when
Rap, rock, house or jazz?
Congrats on makin the all stars! you deserve it and Happy Birthday!
I thought the first half of the movie was hilarious. The second half I just rolled my eyes the whole time!
Are you planning on any roots travel this year? If so, where to?
So TRUE!!! Relocated from NYC to live here
By walking to work. RT Finish the Tweet: I show my appreciation of the environment by ____________.
what can I say? It's the crack.
Ready for #SWE leadership dinner. Ready to celebrate our success followed by ice cream social at #WE11. Thanks to our leaders
#ATL Show us @ door that you're a friend on Facebook & Twitter to get $3 off cover! Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic 11/10 7-10
Quote of the day happened during a hot stone massage: "Oh! My toe stone popped!"
not so good so many people want to attend but having a tough time getting the main sponsor everything else is ready to go!!
freeresortbeach.info New Post - .... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <center><h1>410 Go
my bad... I was already google-ing that 'ish
In times the family grows closer together. U will always live in my heart n I won't forget the time we spend talking together
the internet is vast and filled with wonders!
Hmm, my staff reports that Salon Owners always order hair w/ their name on the tag instead of ours! Well, even I can't have everything! LOL
Great song is right! Those two are gonna be great this summer
Hahahah can't take the Heat
Still dazzled how pathetic Virginia looks today, in a bigoted, hateful, homophobic sort of way. Virginia is for lovers—if they're straight
Chicago dogs for lunch - good eats!
": Put that project your working on in your resume now. Mentally finish it. Make it awesome. And do everything to get it there."
You're already tan!
After running two days ago, my legs still feel like jelly!! To work out or not to work out?!
Definitely an exciting weekend of performances at Source Theater on 14th St! Come experience an mix of Opera and Zarzuela at the In Series!
because your all in my business when truth is there is no reason for you to be, so just unfollow me and we will be good
Vegas here I come...for Lightfair.
Now needs to release a new album and kill it in #Minneapolis like they did in Feb. of 2011
it's favoritism bc more coverage and talked about by media in a higher regard...notre dame always considered as a top team??
where does the #latenightALTrain go? cause I dont know if I want a seat or not. #takeaseat...maybe not.
OK SOUNDS GREAT :)
Just saw your blog...really happy for you! I am trying to pick up the pieces after a BFN yesterday.
It's a classic #DoctorWho kind of day!
I hate it when my rugs get scratched and especially dented. *g*
O dear we've lost one. Sylvia where are you?
Did the Libya attack solve the Japan nuclear crisis?
“: Exercise: you don't have time not to. Unknown, Source #Fitfluential #makeitcount #livewellnow #LisaBalash”
your underestimating us. 3k at least!!!
Lunch today... asparagus with olive oil, lemon juice and goat cheese.
certainly some copy-cat attempts. The value is just not there. My question lies with the commercialization of FB. Migration?
So many good engineers to choose from! Gotta pick one, though...
just in case you didn't see them again,i sent a few direct messages to you...:-)
If we build grey water recycling systems and alternative energy projects
You're just kissing up to him so you end up on his "Do Not Eliminate" friends list.
At AMMO, we strive to go above & beyond, corresponding to Japanese publisher in their native tongue. AMMO Rack visuals need no translation.
Thank you for the mention. I had a great time with Hands Across the Sand in Cocoa Beach. Looking forward to the next time.
DJ schedule this weekend. Fri-Wokcano Santa Monica Sat-Avalon nightclub Hollywood Hit me up for Glist.
Don't worry, I won't ever think about it again. That was in the past.
Remember all those Idiots who said getting Tyson Chandler over Billups was a dumb move? Where are they now?
cheating is just another way of saying you weren't good enough .
Research-Don't give up on speech in kids w/ASD or assume delays are due to social pragmatic factors alone- motor/phonology delays co-exist.
Had a great night with three lovely gentlemen. New for me; I usually only see double.
Have you ever loved someone so much, you wanted to keep them hidden from the world & all to yourself? Well, apparently its called kidnapping
"you'll always have doubters!"
RT": Single isn't a status, its a word describing someone who is strong enough to live life on their own"
I hope that at the least, they learn something about themselves in reading and absorbing other people's thoughts!
Now im in detention with a girl that carrys around a blanket and half the time wears pajamas #why?
heart broken davila or what?? 😱
5 of the top 6 for baseball attendance are in the SEC
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
bring that old thing back
Had an awesome repertoire meeting tonight... guess which new songs we picked to sing this year? (No hints, Caps!)
I gotta find out what she needs me to do, I will probably have time in between to go. I'll let you know! Charge your phone
Dear credit card "Security":those charges for the type of merchandise I've been buying for years , were legit.
I'm a very sad sad panda now...my laptop is toast. : **(
Five Guys is awesome.
I'm still waiting for Ishtar's sequel
lol wow I didn't even know he still exist
last night was perfect
Got a case of the Mondays? Use Coupon code "mystapler" to save $15 on a waterfi waterproofed mp3 player. Music in water makes it all better!
Ciara sounds like a dog name.
Spam is a huge hassle these days. I wouldn't want to run a mail delivery system.
Thanks Eric! Glad you liked RDV. If you don't have a copy of my 2nd book, The Monuments Men, I'll send you one. Let me know!
Busy day today.Traveled to Livingston County and back. Facing criminal allegations in Missouri? Call Fee To Protect Your Back!
Just had an awesome meal at the Breakfast Klub…catfish, grits, texas toast, and sweet tea getting my day off to a good start!
“: Hope class of 2012 stays safe tonight. #havefun #muchlove”
it's only because i moved to Rhode Island. Otherwise i'd be mayor of SPE for life.
I always told RS my name was Ian Faith and gave my brother's address; I figured the catalogs would be like a Xmas present.
It's election day folks! Make sure you make time to cast your vote and let your voice be heard!!!
Strategy is about what we’re not going to do.
Safe travels, my friend!
Can't believe it took me so long to catch #sharktank-- awesome! crushed negotiations tonight.
RT : Tracy Sleep: courses need to be designed with activities that will feed into IDing at risk students
BEST DECISION EVER. This is the Rosie we love. Softer, relaxed, intimate. Keep it real aka the radio show. ROPERDY 2112.
Thank you Morgan! Don't worry, is just as sassy as me. Maybe even moreso?
Sounds like a good idea. If I run out of travel mugs, someone will find me passed out at a jobsite soon.
Tweet of the week. RT : Delmon Young smacked two RBIs. Happy to report that's short for Runs Batted In not Rabbis
as a patriots fan...I'm fine with it. Their receiving corps might be the best in the league.
I guess me and the cuzzo bout to go see #Thor, then, well #idk….
#greatestdayofmylife was when I was with you.. 💔
just working lol. It's okay Megs. Well celebrate on Saturday
#confession I've grown up a lot in the past year..
Anyone tried Oh Fish yet? We hope you love it!
always interesting to search twitter for your hometown and see whats "going on"
I'm assuming there are pictures of all of this????
I was at sublime and it sucked. I wish I knew this before.
Boys use the word love to replace I really like you
Commish Jill Sherman commends effort to reach a broader group of ppl in developing the
i want some mcdonalds french fries
Four main reasons I will stop texting you: 1. You made me mad. 2. You got boring. 3. I fell asleep. 4. You said the letter "K."
congrats on ur anniversary! Hope u have a good time!! Do u miss #wizardsofwaverlyplace I know I do! RT Plez! And follow!!
:) RT if getting lost in pink diva dust is wrong, I don't want to be right. lol
u look cute
I've done the same, in the aftermath of my niece and nephew.
If you willingly choose to associate with someone that treats you badly, you deserve what you get
You know you had a good workout when you can't even push the clutch in on your own car.
thanks for following me (: how are you?
Great driving music!
haha it definitely does! UA is very generous! Lol
It's a DIY fashion alteration kind of night
he's pretty phenomenal!
Boy niggas get mad when you talk about soulja boy ..
hahaha i was like wtf is my life right now i was so creeped
Hell yeah! just holler at me whenever and i gotchu. they are 15 bucks now to.
I'm instantly following people now!
Ok so do all smartphone batteries suck now? I got the stratosphere and its not so hot...
I like how no one knows what happens
Wins by adele and a performance by sir paul?
Also do 's suggestion: Make sure it is airtight.
What comes around hose around :)
Going to Stonestown farmer's market
i only chase pussy if it owes me money
So, why do we all love the official LA Kings twitter feed? Is it because it's supposed to be professional, and it's not?
Beethoven who was a coffee lover, was so particular about his coffee that he always counted 60 beans each cup when he prepared his brew.
In honor of the almighty Easter Peep.....did you know they have a shelf life of 2 years, cannot be dissolved in water and are fat free! ?
Guys. The green room at is LEGIT SWANK. Also Lily&James' sound check sounds hot.
The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will fall into lazy habits of thinking. —Albert Einstein
"Winning is a habit, UNfortunately, so is losing" by Vince Lombardi, Daily let's develop winning strategies & actions! Go Get Em'
Are we good for tonight?
Oh, New York apartment listings: "Keep in mind that the staircase leads to a ceiling. This is NOT a Duplex!"
Tortorella doesn't want to do press conferences - Then don't. Simple . Don't treat people like they are an affront to you.”
Everybody Knows I Don't Get Along w. Her , I Like My Daddy !
It's like DC is learning just now that sports fans are idiots.
I should smack you with my drake hand...
Hey Ethan! I am SURE we have worked together before at Ocean Way or Record One. Thanks for following!
Dont return to a evac'd area unless you are told it is safe to do so - the structural integrity may not be sound or
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow.
RT : I was worried but after seeing 1-3 Toledo whipping Temple I am really concerned now.
There's nothing wrong with Papyrus; it's beautiful, painstakingly made. The problem is people USING Papyrus, that EVERYONE uses Papyrus.
Mat around the ring = Slippery when wet,
$2 Tuesdays!!! Come in and enjoy some great deals..
I do think that "the mistery" element is which make and art work transcend and become the art conversation.
Today would be a great day to go to the beach again... Hm
Love 24 hour diners!
i teared up when I said goodbye to mine.. I still miss brickbreaker
Trust me, you're not.
4 Barkitecture homes left. Don't let your doggie be homeless. get your designer doghouse today! www.austinbarkitecture.com
I retweeted it for you. See you there! ;)
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!37
"are you ok?" "no my eye is just taking a piss"
: It's weird when places advertise their "Clean Bathrooms." Congrats on meeting a standard we all expect.
bottom line,play hard,do your thing and u wont called out.thats the prob with this generation athlete,THEY SOFT!!!!!
Free Mobile Service - Free Estimates - Rock Chip Repairs. Major Credit Cards Accepted. Call 414-409-7263
Awkward when the girl starts screaming and crying in the sauna next to you...
Some people should never sing karaoke under any circumstance. Just saying.
You know you are in ottawa when you see a cavalier pulling a boat.
what kinds of Liquor
hit me up with email to get the info for the studio
good point!
you owe me dinner!!!!
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Happy Birthday Wavy.
C'mon #Packers! we need a GOOD one! Who's it gonna be?
Is sitting in front of me
no Flash is pretty good
UPDATE: Tennis Giant Prince Sports Files For Bankruptcy | thegame ...
True! RT : Whatever has happened to you in your past has no power over this present moment, because life is now. -Oprah
sick!! Just finished listening to the decline. Booyaa!
i need someone to talk to
There's an island that's owned by France for half of the year and by Spain the other half
How we win diz game against Miller Grove, so we can go 2 dat championship
Wish was coming this weekend. That's ok, I'm anticipating her for Jazz Fest and Essence😊
I will take the win
These niggas need to go back to MadTv
That painful moment when the roof of your mouth gets stabbed by a Dorito.
Christmas eve..Watching Toy Story ..eating homemade cookies..<3
they've started playing jeff buckley again in cafes.. the holiday season has officially begun.
I see a trend here- Obama wasting money, and gimmicks.
Married With Children from the late 80s is still comic genius. Holds up.
thanks for coming in to Music Choice this morning and giving me more songs to play! :)
Don't know how I did research before I found the Electronic Commerce & Law Report. any way we could get a subscription?
Interesting Health Fact of the Day: The skin on your what is 200 more times more sensitive than your fingertips? What's your guess?
Feeling that new jbeebs song?
Making 53 million last year made Justin Bieber the richest teen in the world
Hm not sure I can reveal that just yet. I will share that I bought a gold lamé dress just now at 90% off...
Riding on Airplanes with & all weekend!
love a man with an accent!
Wow... Do you have a game plan? You've got this!
Open data much more important at State, City or local level and it's just not accessible the way it should be.
y'all are a mess!
CNN said a police officer said the Monument was tilting. Have not heard any confirmation on that statement
As a leader what is the main part to help business to become successful in this globalization? Is it a dificult part?
I fucking hate all day field trips
invites you to our May Wine Tasting @ 455 Capitol Mall courtyard in Sac 4:30-6:30 pm May 20th featuring Judd's Hill & Chateau Routon wines!
Uhm...so today was eventful...XD
I don't speak Spanish this is America!!
Good luck to staff participating in tomorrow's #Monument10K!
#SYVW #FF: couldn't have done it without you!
thanks so much :)
Drive safe.
Tiny minds, tiny tools. RT : what is your opionion of all the garbage the right wingers are throwing at women
I can't wait 2 watch the 24 season finale. Im so addicted! Family was given instructions to please resolve problems without me for 2 hours.
yeah of course! It was great meeting you too :-)
There will always be a beer for you!
As an institution (school) crumbles/dies, a new one gives BIRTH-a long, slow and painful process w NO guarantees.
CHRIS: Im gonna put an egg in my quesadilla. DAN: really? That sounds weird.
Surprise surprise I have a cold, dont worry, I got the remedy. Improv on a Saturday morning ;)
Tell us about your idea for an ecommerce app and we'll help you get started in
Oh my fucking god. If you are a property manager, you'd think you could keep appointments and not be as friendly as a prison bitch.
You never realize how offensive your music is until your parents are riding beside you listening with you...
Oh the Oscars happened? Sorry I was busy doing things I care about.
you aint said nothing to slick can of oil
RT : Politics is not for the thin skinned. Inouye's legacy does not leave him immune to political critique.
You know it's a bad neighborhood when the Google Streetview images are blurry and there's a mob chasing the car.
Loving this Orlando weather! Getaway much needed! Thank u God & G-Ma
On my way to DC
nobodys want to hire me I been out of work for 6 years the world is a cold cold place I NEED HELP
When you're text just happens to be exactly 160 characters :)
How many calories are in a small ant?...I accidentally had some for dinner!....Now I can't stop marching! lol..Telling myself it was pepper!
wouldn't it be great if admins asked students to assist a knowledgeable teacher in a SM presentation?
Heats first 3 of the series. Shows you how good they are.
that's crazy(:
RT RT : NBC News confirms Mary Kennedy was found dead at her Bedford home in Westchester, NY this afternoon.
Heading to for dinner and music
I love you but you're fucking useless!
RT IF YOU REP #YOMO #OnePoundFish #MbBallSoHard #Nerds #Misfits #Hippies #LEGGGOO follow me ill follow back ;D
"Money doesn't buy happiness but I'd rather cry in a mansion.""
What are some things you heart?
yes. I was worried I was missing something
That is called dead.
want him to rally but it looks bleak....
Oh FUCK YA!
Losing on the first level
its dope
Scott Cain: Great to have you on board, thanks for stopping in yesterday. We are here to help you build your organization, come by anytime
That is a lie.
Home Stretch for the #cleanweb hackers. Holla if you need help
I can't wait to have a kid. Mostly so I can try and take him/her away from the mom and put her on child support.
Tuesday I attended the College of Lockpicking. Today I helped a friend who locked the keys in her car with my new skills.
Reminder: Because the takes place tomorrow, we have rescheduled our first meeting for 11/8.
It sucks when 2 ppl r stubborn they'll wait 4 da Otha person 2 step up but if no one does they'll both end up never fixin the problem.
I think this every day :) RT : #dearyoungself, It turns out even better than you think.
I just got a replacement pair on DSW. Free shipping and a $10 off coupon. God is Good!
then when u hit that little world button on your keyboard they pop up
I think so. I almost went to your game in Cinci, but it rained that day...
Confused about what's going down with Arri. FBI raid? Something with taxes? Blah.
If your going through a heart break then listen to fight songs...or songs that pump you up like "G4L" rihanna "last Resort" papa roach :)
I figured that lol, its always dyin
. Hey tell khalil that I won't be in mmy office this morning.
Awesome seeing my work on the w/ Ford Sync live on the big screen at
Who is this freak called niki minaj? Omg do I have to watch this s**t.
thinking of you.My son just gave Amer. Idealist to his history teacher.(Bruce O is my bro-in-law.)
ripped a double to left.
Kinda glad I'm not jailbroken anymore, my iPhone is so much faster!
I'm really sick of not winning the lottery.
Kind of disappointed I missed the day-long flood in Houston, honestly.
Good Morning!
thumbs up! We still look like a 90s pbs show!
We just watched that yesterday -- it made us really hungry!
Congratulations to who recently graduated with a BFA from Columbia College. NOW go make some art!
SOME UK fans: We would destroy the Bobcats. Media: ALL UK fans are crazy.
People still ignore the plights of the poor, the homeless, the marginalised. It's easy for them to live in their illusion.
Just kidding my new true love isn't satanic. Satan is not real and so is his creator. Fucks with me
gypsy kings, roaring fire, glass of malbec & design magazines... Perfect way to enjoy the storm.
Make you lose yourself, & finders keepers
I'll be there when it's over baby, cause i was there from the start. ♥
I love that I popped into this conversation... Randomly.
I wish they would bring someone in! I'd much rather listen to singers any day
Quote from a post later today: "Jealousy too often is the motivator that escalates a relationship instead of love or goodness-of-fit."
When I'm starving, I mentally say sexual things to my food
I'm done with the bitch shit
RT : Perkins closing the rest of its local restaurants. What's a Pancake Lover to do?
FYI I work at a Honda dealership in Cleveland we are up 45% from last year
caught myself rocking out to new kelly clarkson on way down shore few days ago, almost pulled over n smacked myself.
asdfghjhygfd omg. I told u i was smart. Hahaha
finals week.... enough said.
Oh hey! Missed you!
T-4hrs. until the #MADMEN Season 5 Premiere! Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia, & Catch the Season 4 finale!
you better text me back, it's actually important!(;
my hypothesis is a strong "yes"
To gain the universe, have no plan at all. -Lao Tzu
Hope you enjoy the weekend. Thank you again for the follow!
If it is the full package and has been installed correctly that yes. If you have any other questions, please let us know!
Should be good! Wondering what's for lunch. Hope better than yest. RT : Crazy packed room, i'm very excited!
Already done with work for the week and home!!!
Coyote fans sound like they're madder than a one legged man in an ass kicking contest right now
Yup, and clearly no one who is under 21 drinks alcohol (rolls eyes). :-)
umm I think got the AP Econ one? Not sure
#Annapolis filming “Better Living through Chemistry.” Producer Felipe Marino: vacant Johnson's building 'hero location.'...
She can get me high when I'm feelin low
Liked the new styles:)
I need a girl that wants me for me and not for all my money and that girl is hard to find
"I like the song boyfriend but justin can't sing" ahahahahaahahaahahahahahahahaha bitch, kill yoself
Capital Skatepark tomorrow w/ Chasing Lions, The Changeless, and Maranatha! Check out our fb for the deets: Facebook.com/superradshows
Let's continue to set intentions to heal the historical trauma of the Native Peoples and, as a result, this country...
Iv really down played the definition of happiness.
heading to practice.
Thanksgiving special.Free medical marijuana evaluations this tues & wed call 303-900-8651.I highly recommend getting legal for the holidays!
Very chuffed that I managed to get an accepted offer today for my buyers despite the fact that we were bidding against FIVE others parties!
Payroll should be around 30% of revenue. If higher it isn't sustainable!
yes cover
Guilty... ahha but i'm gona get out of here soon. it's been a long time. neways see u soon! real soon!
Grilled octopus with fregola, cucumber, watercress, red chile, almonds, fried lemon, & minted yogurt!
Every girl deserves to be spoiled
cry about it . Haha
Whts up twitter
RT : Best part of the Mad Men era? Calling George Romney a "clown." | Loved that line!!
The best campaign that I've had the privilege to go on!
Great job Kansas Jay Hawks #NCAA ( ain't no haters ova here) ...
I feel like Adele is the lemonade to Amy Winehouse's lemons.
If I could go back in time I would save my $ and NOT have built with total waste of money
One was from a little old lady. I'll chock it up to her being blind.
Waking up thinking it's time for school, but realizing it's Saturday. Best feeling ever.
"Dude I wasn't that drunk." Dude, you stuck a battery up your butt and started shouting, "I'VE GOT THE POWA!"
aH omg hghjbvcfghnbvcghjbvhjbvcghgv
come ill play jaymu86
Im ready to buy a stripped pole for the crib next
RT : SharePoint can be used to host your remote meetings.
I guess I can't be an asshole hahahah
2day in : Council discusses charter revisions; ZAP adds restrictions to S Austin condos; Council considers decoupling
I hate where there's no coffee already made at the office and I have to make a whole pot for just a cup. That's a Friday fail.
Lets rent a movie
I also just met a rep from Rackspace here at #sxsw - she gave me a business card - they are hiring - amazing networking opportunity here
I love your black and white work. Thanks for sharing.
That's a great idea -- strawberries, nuts, spinach, is that cheese too?
Being so awesome and having so many friends sucks. You never know who to hang out with and who to disappoint.
Happy World IP Day! :-)
Haha if im thinking the same person that's funny.
I meant to write walnuts were a BIT soggy in the Waldorf salad.
Tomorrow will be interesting
Hey woman! I miss you!
Pretty sure that was Meireles' fault, so no surprise there
thanks haha hopefully I'll get better by tomorrow tho, got a lot of stuff to do
More like #DumbestMovieSeries. :P
Morning my Dolls. For some this is a day off for others its a work day. Regardless keep today positive and sexy.
guess who's staying up late just to help her sister with her homework? I am. 👎
Take a picture of yourself
Knicks came to play today. Need this game.
Omg Omg Omg she dilated to a 10 now baby needs to come out....so excited
Thank you! :) I'm a rabid "MADE IN USA" supporter.
it was more like a fast walk!
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings
Ugh I'm so tired after that, but god does it look good!!!
I so love the color and the style!
thanks for the mention Joseph.
MIDDAY THURSDAY: Teaching ethics to the Secret Service, 1 pm w/ Christopher Dreisbach
Zest is the secret of all beauty. There is no beauty that is attractive without zest. ~Christian Dior
Ya gots to go...
Lakeville dad accused of abandoning his son is granted joint custody with the boys mother. You can hear the story at 8AM on
WHAT RT : how is it possible for a previous journalism major (me) to just now realize that the font "veranda" is actually VERDANA
Yeah, Matt is awesome. Andrew is awesome. It should just be called awesomergy.
Was up
loved today's meeting, so excited to work together
Don't fall prey to marketing, find a sports service that really wins.
was amazing at #Coachella... now see for yourself. Win tix to their show May 13 all wkd!
he's with a label I'll call you later
Who's at the #millerparkopener for today?
I shall call him squishy and he should be mine, He will be my little squishy lol
Does anyone know a small business owner who could use being all over the search engines FAST
The world is such a strange and beautiful conglomeration of emotions fueled by human needs. Mix in!
It frightens you, doesn't it, that someone different from you might want to love another person & have amusing children? Sad.
i could surely be that girl for you jok
oops. But bloomington is just what 75 miles away? he coulda made it back right?
I want Bruce Buffer to introduce me at every important event.
Now I refer to an idea as a subjective and objective thought...
It's social media official: I get my back in just a couple weeks. Sorry for your loss, DC but her talents are needed in KC.
o.o que?
Giant cupcakes, pizza, 3oh!3 and ice cream later! Life isn't just good, it's awesome! :) 56 days till college and 769 till London :P
American Spirits Exchange will be at this years Nightclub and Bar Show starting Tuesday. Let us know if your also going!
Just updated my site with guest blogger Shakespere talking about the latest e-mail scam. kubrickspick.org.
so how much longer will it take to fix my laptop? At this point you've had it longer than I've owned it!
Thanks! I'm considering it. Not such a bad gig, really.
OMG!!! Those are absolutely #PERFECT! #LOVE! how sweet!
If I found the CSS3 tree treasure chest, do you really want to know how?
How do you really feel? RT : Coldplay *still* makes me want to stick my head in a toilet.
"blinds wide open so we can see you in the dark when your sleeping"
No we don't give a damn for the whole state of Michigan, we're from OHIO. We're from OHIO, O-H! We're from OHIO, I-O!
shoutout to the chick looking for baby daddy number three who still doesn't know that sex won't make him love you.
It's free cookie day at Subway, who's taking me?
Stop for a Minute (or More) and Listen Two young music series aim to celebrate attentive listening and both might affect how audiophiles
Uhhmm.. if you wanna ask hiiiiimmm. I donnnnt. He kinda scares me..... and he is teaching at the moment. Hehehehee(:
Go Blue!!
RT : Great Place to Network, Great Music,Live Band, Models were Hot!!! Great Food. Well Organized
managedObjectContext driving me insane, must replan a major portion if my project to make it work, Good Lord!
Kim. Miss you on YES. Best of luck in all you do.
happy birthday
Thanks so much!
Meryl i love you, but no...
Hope to see everyone at likemind Chicago tomorrow at 8 am at Argo Tea at Adams and Dearborn!
To celebrate the launch of our new video baby monitor tell us about the best moments featuring your kids that you've caught on camera:
very cool pre-college program at Cornish (this summer). study visual & performing arts while living on campus: www.cornish.edu/summer/
why does every academic journal base need money to give me information? can't they freely give knowledge away for knowledge sake??
#bizforum Impressions are nice, but Engagement (likes, comments, shares) is the holy grail of social :)
Maybe. I think code is just the hot new engineering degree. Most people won't/don't need to code.
thanks for the follow and support Aaron very cool stuff coming out of Edinhacklab check out
It has been brought to my attention that the stick figure decals on the back windows of vehicles are NOT pedestrian "kill" scores.
Sounds good! I look forward to it :)
I'm fine and you? Where do you come from?
I was one of those ppl that made a comment about Amy & "the club". Sorry. I Hope we can still be twitter friends.
♥♥I forgot the most interesting aspect of my day... I got served with jury duty! Oh... JOY... XD♥♥
Yes BENT ROAD was BENT ROAD before I had pleasure of meeting & working w/ Jenny. Editor is Denise Roy. Go Figure.
fixing dinner
“Everybody is a genius. But, if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing that it is stupid.”
I started a game with u
Midnight now and fireworks going off somewhere. At least I hope they're fireworks. Happy
Yes, I started baking brownies as a warm up before acting and the theater sold them at the concession stand. It grew from there.
you were the coolest kid there!! And maybe in the entire world!!??
Very accurate distinction. RT : “Never confuse motion with action.” – Ernest Hemingway
ninos open for the late night special
TRAFFIC: Crash - Wb Belt between Todd Dr & Fish Hatchery Rd. - 2 cars involved in the middle lane. Delays
Dolores Ibarruri~ It is better to die on your feet than live on your knees.
Merry Birthday. 8 family bays in January.
I lost my contact somewhere in my eye HELP!!!!!!!!!
Really need to get my license
Had a productive day. Now time to sleep! :)
awww i was really hoping too but i still only have 73 followers :(
Anybody still doubt that Braden Holtby has a bright future in the #NHL?
I need to get a manicure done
#MyHeartDropsWhen you ignore all the sacrifices I'm making for you
I call this my home #homesweethome :)
The Decemberist compliments of my buddy Fitz. "one more song!"
he won't tell me
Got a linkedin invite from a DB professional I really respect - made me feel like a million bucks.
Where is Kenyon????
News flash: tweeting links to paparazzi pictures to the celebrities who are in them? Bad idea. Not to mention creepy.
Need a custom #Facebook page for your business? We can help...
Alise on #AmericanIdol is my heroine. Doing Jimi's "Bold as Love". You go, girl!
Radiohead's coming to the west coast. I will break faces, people.
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.
Reimold can't hit the ball any better. Those line drives will get through eventually, or over the fence.
Michael always gotta an attitude.
Edgar Watson Howe~ When people hear good music it makes them homesick for something they never had and never will have.
f'n up some cookies, chocolate chip
Live life as if you die tomorrow. Dream as if you'll live forever.
Just touched down in San Diego for #BlogHer11! Now off to find second dinner/4th meal
Tip of the Day: If you brush but don't floss you're only cleaning part of your mouth. Flossing removes plaque between teeth.
Trying to decide what to giveaway first! :) What something that you lovlies would reallllyy want?!
Matt Kemp....what a beautiful, gorgeous man! He's yummy!
National Oatmeal Day... M Cookies.
via Help send 10great students2college through the Earl Woods
where is the sneak peek?
The grumpy old man referenced earlier is multiple braclet winner Brent Carter.
Sure is alot of complaining and flopping around from
You're stuck on a desert island with a case of Dundee. What beer is it and why?
and I'm typing up notes for you as we speak!
lol my tweets are just gonna go down hill tonight
. talking at #jdcdc. "Only 16% of the world even has a free press. ... We all beg, borrow and scratch for what we can get."
Peter - in your MMQB you said Colts/Pats WILL meet for 9th str8 year. U forget Colts need to win a playoff game 1st?
getting acclaimated to twitter is odd!!!!
Word to describe leadership: Focus, Integrity/own sense of self, Optimism/faith in people and ideas
I just did my whole math work sheet and understood the whole thing. Is this some kind of joke?
You can talk someone's ear off and accomplish nothing or be an example of what you believe and show them everything.
probably the first sunday i did somethin productive
Just sitting here on Skype and talking with Adriano and the gang. So much fun now.
omg yes lets do it!!! is doing the race with me too!!!!
Well... sorta. lol I still owed. BUT, this is the first year I filed w/o being a dependent. Last year that cost me $500 O.o
you rock!
Engagement as defined here requires institutional change if we're going to adopt engagement as a true, democratic frame.
Wine tour in session! Lompoc goodness
I need sleep.
you going to the Rockies game tonight?
That title, is one of the things I fought for
it's just so hard. if only shit never changed and people stayed the same. but that's nearly fucking impossible ain't it ?
also thought of Scream.
Vegas is like the mothership for sluts-
Not too bad buddy, its not like its a thursday or anything??
The 131 bus due at Grove and Gooch this am :14 never appeared and the apps showed no delay. Waited 30min for next bus
I'm good!
I love my city!! Proud to be a 3rd generation Chicagoan!!! Thanks for following...I #followback 100% within 24 hours!
"I can show you these spreadsheets..." "Sure! Yeah!"
Let's hope the U.S. makes correct decisions siding with the people overthrowing tyrants in No. Africa and Middle East. Can we get it right?
is at Sonic Designs Studio...I love me some music makin'.... :~D
Mondays are, lets start over But this time, i'm going to smile and mean it!
Talk that talk to me oh :P
mmhm that's how why I'm so crazy about u
Sue's treatment of trans people is seriously bothering me. #Glee, there better be a good moral to this mess.
looking real good right now, wow
Money probably. I remember leaving UFC not too long ago.
Out of the dentist, now going to target. ^_^
James Harden Swag
a bad game. Where were you 4th quarter Sunday? Hush right. Be that way now
i'm at Caribou, which always makes me think of you. The horrific remake of "how deep is your love" just adds to it.
Thank you for the retweet! , Keep fighting the good fight against the absolute fraud that is
#packernation #80'sbands Tebow singin "Let's Go Baby Let's Go baby Comon". Need an artist please
The view from from work is breathtaking today! This is the image I shall remember in the midst of winter grey days.
Every time I look up at the stars in the night sky I think man, there's some stars in the night sky. Then I finish burying the bodies.
I love the G+ redesign, but the same problem still persists: that place is a ghost town.
Bought my first piece of photography at an art show downtown KC. I'm officially excited I live here!
The West Wing is absolutely fantastic. How did I miss this show when it was on?
Wasted 240 on dinner. Should have paid a fucking scalper
4 days in and already lost my xmas kgs! Who says holidays are a physique killer! Now...where did i put that bbq? ;)
Cash prizes r $5,000 for each of 4 winning communities, $1,000 each for second placer in Clean Community Competition, call 311 to apply now
on what I should have for lunch. Sorry. Forgot that part.
Good times at Buckhead Arts Festival. On to play a private event now til 10.
doing my part to provide you with venues to tout your own blog as important and worthy
Words, we like 'em.
thanks for the follow back Portia!
Kirk Hinrich back in Chicago, wish he was in the other jersey
#teantaurus it's not obvious?? Lol
We invite you to follow us for great news on CRE, the SBA and the environment. We also help with any Phase I ESA that you need
Hi Julia, don't worry about it! Send your email to and we will send you your password
The Note is nice but it serves a different audience and is not as powerful as this phone. RT : not big enough,
happy monday, friend!
I'm looking for a deaf-mute, blonde, Victoria Secret model who likes old guys! HUBBA HUBBA!
bye twitters
George Clooney was cuffed today, just sayin'
Would you think it's weird if I saw you just, like, around, and came over to say hi?..
I did not receive my ballot for The People's Choice Awards.
And I've said it before, cheesecake does count as pie! Take THAT pie purists!!!
I hope tomorrow is a lot better then today 😔
have u ever had one of those day when u wanna punch your friend in the face for bein so stupid?
MTV&#39;s MADE Comes to WSU
What's your favorite film that we've highlighted?
The good, the true, the tender -- these form the wealth of home. -- Sarah J. Hale
how about some candy apples? Is that better? ;)
Lol yes I own hoes.. Lol. Brianna's one of my top h
BOOM!! Game 7.
Nice job. I like your documentation. We're going down the same road with our CMS sites. Maybe you'd be up for a chat?
now if only your girls squad could get a W
i sent a pic to you bro!
Why? Arizona is awesome!!
#1 on the list? Shabazz Muhammad. Where's when you need him?
Thank you pretty!!
Many people responded to the "define DH" question with "I don't"
I can't wait 4 tomorrow's game! :) RT : Channels 4 our game: COX CABLE #54; HD on COX #1054; DIRECT TV #246; DISH TV
Rebates. Don't you just hate 'em? There is is nothing I want to buy that has a rebate attached to it. It's an exercise in frustration.
thank u i just saw your tweet
TRAFFIC - Rollover crash - OB East Wash @ Dickinson St - East Wash is closed from Baldwin to Dickinson while they clear the scene
Ha. Gross.
i hate when people over exaggerate things.... uh -__-
can we just get married? I'm ready to take us past YouTube
Got one of my 12-5's right
You're killin' me, Smalls. Just friggin' killin' me.
Just finished writing up story on a cool Portland project---providing books to the homeless. Non-profit---airing at 4pm KGW TV--
I like him.
Through #Arguelles brands - , , and I call them the 3S' check them out and follow.
likewise, when you get a chance txt me your license plate number...
so true
Today was a great day!
Coming back from Utah and can start my tweeting again :) sorry for being slow!
Hey, emma! you're beautiful. Dont let anyone tell you different♥
Ah first the Coyotes and now the Yankees!? this rapist must be pissed off at the wide world of sports
alright im back
you should check out my list called WOW.
haha you wish!
I need my own fuckin car
Did you know in #Italy it is considered an insult to the chef if you drink coffee after dinner? #True!
Lol out with my dudes doing the McDonald's chicken mcmugget challenge later!
Ok, so Cezanne & Beyond was just... beyond. Def the highlight of my Philly trip. Can't stop thinking about that show. Wow.
Yeah, and it's looking like the majority of that 37% are ignorant assholes...
As my little brother would say, "It's snowing light, but comin' down hard."
I love that no matter how poorly I draw, you always get the scifi/fantasy reference
thanks for coming through!
There are several alternate career paths I could take if needed. Gift wrapping isn't one of them. I haven't gotten any better at this task.
doubt it. Seems an odd way to honor someone by showing them moments b4 they die.
Happy Easter everyone:)
Dats Tru. So, on Ida stuff, u get Em Address so u can send what u were gonna send me 4 our Movie?
Love that facebook.com is redirecting to myspace right now... so convenient
Shidd my phone aint getting no love right now. Thats odd #holdup whats goin on
idk yet! Keeping my eyes & ears open!!
Doing a week's worth of homework so I have no homework during the play...
2 more hours and im done. Hopefully.
I did! So good! Needs more bacon next time.
enviting you to #PARTYRIOT here in #houston .. #may27th.... congratulations with the baby.. we'll link up one day.
In the middle of it all the craziness, took sometime tonight to start up a cover song, I don't do covers very often, we'll see....
Hello Mr. Ji Hoon! Hope everything is well with you and your family! I myself can't wait to visit Seoul, South Korea.
It was so exiting to watch #Xfactor final. I sang in front of judges. I got NO but the experience was unbelivable.
RT it is and fucking annoying. lol i feel sorry for the people who donated to kony2012.. damn~ must be embarrassing :(
Great advice! Have you tried out to clean your stone?
lol your welcome :)
not a damn thing ITS BORING!...lol..na, I go to school out here....what about u?
HA HA! greygram. The first thing I thought of was the grandma care bear. : haha!!
Please grow up.. Your just wanting to start drama so there will be something to do in your boring life..
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake - you can't learn anything from being perfect. - Adam Osborne
Got a job, got another job, got another job, quit one job, have two jobs.
got to start back at rock bottom but its ok ill make it back up there
To be loved to be loved (in prince of zamunda voice)
he walked in with a smile that brighten up the room, he looked at me and I looked back at him. 6'2, brown skin..hmm. #Checkmate. Lol.
The only way to create jobs is to give the rich tax breaks so they can employ people to construct car elevators.
Or better yet ride a bus so she's not distracted driving all the time. The calls are kinda funny though.
I'm leavin early today Idgaf
I'm in a confirmation retreat! And I have to be here for 4 more hours.. -___-
#RAIDERNATION y'all do me a great big favor. If you are as hardcore into the #Raiders give me a great big FUCK YEAH!
just took a shower in the produce section of Vons
alright tiff
Watching one of my all-time favorite disney movies, the lion king :)
I unusually figure it was me, but who knows? It's a tad confusing
Finally decided on an EP title! :)
Chat for Gtalk - Android
In todays contracting domestic labor market, there is a vast difference between skilled and unskilled labor.
Im going over, what time?
Damp caused Sheffield boy's illness, claim family - The Star
It just hit me, Ekki muck from Sigur Ros' Valtari builds just like Happiness from Jonsi's Riceboy Sleeps. Such an unreal musician.
: I gotta fly back to Chicago tomorrow -.- I hate the snow
super like. yes :)
dead ass lol .
MW3 is an amazing game. It could be a ton better if you guys could add some new guns in a DLC or something though!
Happy Tuesday, friends!
Good intentions flood The Help
If any of you received a spam email from me, my email was hacked. I have now updated it. I apologize.
Today, I am followed by a whole borough. And a county seat, no less! Welcome, , to my list of followers.
you're far too awesome. Thank you for so much consistent love
huh? My lucky number is 8. Haha!
i swear i saw screech from "saved by the bell" noddin his head to my #allstar track last night lol
Starbucks...Hell yeah!
i just got 3 stars on angry birds hogs and kisses!!! :D
No more blog posts. The last chapter was the end.
We'd like to welcome two new places to The Block Family - Sofi on 3rd Street and San Gennaro Cafe in Brentwood....Great to have you aboard!!
a Very close second! Do you watch 30 Rock?
-Hello Monday! :D
You're doing your Thang on House of Lies....mad love!
the director of is looking forward to An Ordinary Family - Mon., 10/24 at 9:30 pm at Regal Arbor.
#ilovemybrownskin my knitted objects r called karmel princess
Travel Deal: AirTran to Florida gets cheaper! Columbus, dayton, or akron rt to fort lauderdale, $158, to Orlando $198. Good thru july 5.
When you find your ex boyfriends twitter and he flirts with a million girls...TROLOLOLOL! Desperate much? #WasIDrunkThatWholeRelationship ??
CLASS program at Hamilton- academic & career instit collaboration - practical experience!
Who single??? Inbox me
#ConcertWishlist One Direction, Hunter Hayes, Glee, & Bieber.
Like I said...overrated
Well, come to the afterparty. Wear something fabulous. Do they make fabulous clothes for people who are 6'8"?
Floss daily! It not only helps improve your dental health but decreases your chances for developing diabetes
thanks we need all we can get,wanna make it great for them and what better way to do that than w/ the help of all lawlorffs rite?
