miss my friend :) oh and I have some big plans coming up and I may be heading your way here soon :) Yay!
checking out onra at beauty bar next week.
Just because I can't kiss that, doesn't mean you can't kiss that.
Isn't it Strange how I don't care
"just wondering if ud come along hold up my head when my head wont hold on I'll do the same if the same is what u want if not I will go"
are you going to. The game tomorrow? Tailgate?
You are a very fine person, Mr. Baggins, and I am very fond of you;...
oh Megan :)
had a great article about that process today. Check it out. It went into great detail.
Im gonna get a ticket to watch the talent show........ Hopefully
11/4/2010 Happier employees, better productivity, smarter ideas - what's technology doing for YOUR company? Smart Shift
thanks for following
no vinyl yet, but hopefully soon!
Just Let All The Air Out Your Head
She kept coming at me like wtf
unless you don't leave early Sunday morning we could chill if you stayed til the afternoon
True but it's DWade tho. Ya can't give him away. Trade Bosh for young big man
What was it?! What was it?!
RT : 25 million assessments in 30 languages worldwide by SHL. David Leigh
OMG, I'll be there sure! In the first line. I CAN'T BELIEVE IT THANK U SO MUCH I LOVE U
Can we get a shoutout for utsa getting the invite to cusa!!!
RT : We’re hosting a twitter Q&A with U.S. CTO on Tuesday 4/17 at 2 PM answering your Q’s on:
your DM was public.
Getting ready for a wedding reception!
did you get my email?
Damn you #daytona500 why won't you let me sleep!
Thirsty? You won't be at the #NNECruise thanks to our Water Sponsor
When did it become okay to be a man who doesn't own a suit?
ss..... well my MIND don't believe it but my NOSE believes its making MAGIC.... ha!.. I just love the smell of COFFE
Aaaaahhhhhhhhh I LOVE that movie!
Today at 10 a.m., celebrate the groundbreaking of a Eugene/Springfield home at 3662 Yogi Way, Lot No. 4, Eugene....
A NO COST BENEFIT TO YOUR EMPLOYEES THAT CAN MINIMIZE THEIR STRESS,REDUCE YOUR EXPENSES, AND DRAMATICALLY IMPROVE YOUR BOTTOM LINE.
The quote on Disney cultural change came from Jeff Soluri of the Disney Institute, presenting on Disney's Approach to Leadership Excellence
This is ass waiting for my last class to start so I can leave -_-
Thanks for letting me get a final pic last night @ the Copa. Ur such a gentleman. :)
Yo tried to hit ya on Fb.. Sup man .. hit me back need to talk to you ,, Merc : )
Von Miller is the future of the Broncos
Bride is so beautiful. & I kee having flashbacks to her helping me when I would babysit her. Such a thoughtful, unselfish woman. *sniffles*
but you are taking D Will over CP3 and Nash at the PG position?
show in Cville at The Garage April 22nd.
Laughing so hard, no noise coming out, so you sit there clapping like a retarded seal. O.o
When you make me happy, it makes me more happy that when you make me happy it makes you happy...and I'm happy if you're happy
Going to school today I hope that I do not have tons to make up
Anyone have agood auto repair story? We would like to give away free gift cards to those with the most amazing story!
appreciate the support man!
na ii got to visit first
Was that a serious tweet?
hey slut
GOD is GOOD!!!!
YES I can't wait to see you. You are coming to the burgh for my shower too right?
#ItMakesMeHappyWhen I hear the words no school..sadly I've not heard it yet.
Obama said he supports gay marriage. That IS what is best for the people. they have the same rights as you do.
"Marlo's all, GET ME OUT OF HERE. And I'm all, what? The washing machine says it will be gentle with you" You're hilarious!
#romneyiscreepy at least #newt answers the questions that are asked!
I am missing you so much! I hope Vancouver is fantastic! Love you!
I need more followers
Happy Birthday Amber and great job on Glee last night u made me cry!!!
I loved the Jurassic ride..... especially when u go down and see the HUGE t-rex..... lol :D RT
Rain. That is all.
and who can spare the moisture?
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through. If you were in my shoes, you'd fall the first step.
If every #swimmer could move media like Gary Hall, Jr, every Grand Prix would be on national TV.
Hey Hey thanks for the follow - let's make a magazine!
New things coming soon...
Already waiting for you to upload that INDJWT show on YouTube. Especially that Skream exclusive.
Has looked that way since the Rockies series
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Sir Michael Rocks
I recommend Hila Nave in Telaviv
happy VA tech won today. dont follow football but my cat is having surgery there 11/2 and staff at the vet school are so nice am now a fan!
My ratio of useful to irrelevant iPhone notes is approximately 1:12. What does "Blue 2" mean?!
Waiting to get into the Avengers is it worth it?
but for now....off to another meeting!
Increasing my crush on at mohawk.
online account management www.divinegraphixinc.com
I climbed the pole for the first time ever! So very sore!!!
Ah everyone is stay local and city fuck ac Ugh
just got my car back, been gone for 4 days, had to get fixed
Whaaaa? What is going on with you ladies? Did you start dating frat guys?
Sad news. RT “: Maurice Sendak, author of Where the Wild Things Are, has died.
Man that is awesome! RT : You guys better not steal my fantasy football team name either!
In writing a screenplay, I think you should have a combination of planning and discovering.
2 MORE DAYS!!!
I sum up my night after watching my glorious artistic abilities on draw something
. I saw one w/ tasting notes on a beer bottle, which was pretty genius. Sadly it was the 1x I didn't bring my phone to dinner
Might as well eat my boredom away... Creme egg. Yes please.
ADS claim: proven performance history, high pipe stiffness, superior joint performance, outstanding durability, and cost effective.
A dream doesn’t become a reality through magic; it takes sweat, time, determination and hard work.
I try!
#truth Susan Hockfield and Ursala Burns fireside chat: Ambition deficit in the USA. "The path to a better life is a better mind."
T-minus 1 hour, 11 minutes til I'm PDX bound! Portland Beer Tour tomorrow!
Hello everybody i have to say school was fun but not know cause the new school i am in is so boring all the people are weird and i will die
#askvinny Do you every write "Cenzo" on your school papers? xD
Facebook reminds me of Twitter. Twitter reminds me of tumblr. Tumblr quotes and stuffs reminds me of you.
when people say "noe" instead of "know".
only at UW is the OL summary probably the longest section in a preview, lol, but enjoyable read anyways.
Austin should come to illinois again soon. so i could possibly have a chance to meet him?
Murray here from ! Looking forward to the chat tonight and catching up with everyone.
and go all white. so they can really see your junk.
#SteveJobs would have made #Siri sound like a global revolution and the start of our Jetsons life style! Instead we got the Skynet feel? Lol
Good job ! Now bring the title home tomorrow!
The tree trunk reliefs are beautiful.
Something big is happening on the 25th of May... I know the #368hunnies that reside in Philly will be excited... Stay tuned;)
Oh hello sun!
Ball Rushes for 1 Yard and Now its 3rd and 6!
Cheers to you too! From a mom of a son with autism, you are an inspiration! I can only hope my son turns out as well as yours
I ain't done with you baby bring that ass back ..
At first I thought you were talking about the Ashley Judd brouhaha instead of the Cat of Aragon portrait. (smacks head).
First time I've been officially jailed :( I exceeded my tweet limit apparently :(
LOL Bridge. He's gotta pass that one.
"Play is our brain's favorite way of learning." -Diane Ackerman, contemporary American author
with my grandmother and my great-grandmother, my mom and my brothers.
Okay I'm not going to lie... I wont be up at 10 tomorrow so good luck lovelies! Hope you all get tickets :) Caitlin xx
I have the 4 legged kind ;^). Close as I'll probably get
Amen #DC2 on dump
Our May Classes are about to start and we are very excited here at Elite Fashion Academy LA to welcome our new students!!
Apologies for the coming deluge to the non-nerd contingent of my social network. I'm at Theorizing the Web 2012
Sheldon is so cute c:
im bored someone talk to me
Thanks for the RT!
#Weed for just one hour, and you burn 300 calories
I wonder if anyone has ever done tree pose while listening to Roy Rogers, like I just did.
thats an insult to gays
Looking for a 3 bedroom. Any info would be Appreciated !! <3
i was hoping for some creativity in the form of a #koreavalentine from you over the past couple of days....
JLA Pets Elephant Skin Bolster Lounger 19 by 29-Inch Dog Bed, Tan
sounds like heaven, sort of like drums fills on 70's R&B records!
|#quotes Surviving a failure gives you more self-confidence. Failures are great learning tools.. but they must be kept to a minimum.
please follow back ?? ;**** it would mean so much! xoxo :]
Just got the first of my SAG screeners in the mail. Know what I'm going to be doing tonight! SCORE!
Every life is a story make yours a best seller
You tweet better when you don't think about the tweet
#somebodyletmeknowwhen it's okay to trust again
#beyonce the moment is here
every lost unit represents a lost sale. I have permanently boycotted your broadcasts !
#ThingsNotTodoAfterAbreakup start talking to her friends
Watching Varda's "One Sings, The Other Doesn't". Can't remember a movie I've seen lately and liked this much.
one of these days.
What does it mean for you to have 'a good workout'?
Snow tonight. Already. Sigh...
AND ya know what people make it too hard love be loved forgive be forgiven....Gods Light eazy peazy lol
Has to! I have some old copies of stuff.
Real Madrid played a nice half... They deserve to be 1-0 ahead.
Does anyone know of a good dry cleaner that can remove vomit from a comforter in 24 hours and is open on Sundays? Just curious is all.
Love love love your Acura commercial--just saw it for the first time
Wow! this is the New Orleans I've been looking for. Nicely done...
Jahnke Family Trivia: My dad went to high school with Jessica Lange.
watching the notebook ♥
Great Moment: Mark McGwire over Sammy Sosa, 70-66, for the new home-run crown
I just feel more comfortable when i put my flat bill on
hey it went great and it was a good turn out. I really hope you doing better now! You were missed...
wow. 50lbs? you've lost some weight for the flight. That might not help you this weekend.
Maybe we can launch a #whereswambach fan club with the new kits?
Does giving antibiotics to animals hurt humans?
The traditional family model really worked for the unwed teen mother.
Really, ESA? JUICE? I don't know how I feel about that naming decision.
Small world :) I know both areas well. Send me a direct message and I should be able to answer any questions you might have.
Huntsman: We have to recognize macroeconomic environment. (i.e. Europe, China)
Chocolate covered strawberries 😍
sure - is doing a ticket giveaway and we are giving away tickets at the game tonight! Are you...
Social hour in the office apparently.
Missing Holden, but it helps that I can hear the San Francisco Gay Men's Chorus rehearsing from my living room.
Have a beautiful day, plus you look very cute in ur pic
Today on #HealthfulIndianFlavorsWithAlamelu, Shrimp in Eggplant Sauce and a versatile Potato Masala. On at 12:30PM on MPTV 10.
Family photos with this Saturday :) We're really excited. Let's hope the kids are too :)
These projects include R&D projects into PHP/SQL Databases, Video Production and Graphic Design...
Itd be cool if my skirt actually stayed on while I walk -__-
Ex-Factor ..
What a terrible day I've had being caught in the middle. Here's to being glad it's almost over.
aw! you're so cute. <3
I just finished the book- so charming! - and I'm dying to see the movie but it isn't playing near me. :(
- Smalltalk has conditionals as part of the library, not part of the language
« Why would Brandy text me back a whole 7 hours later lol»- Haha trick!! I forgot to hit send...lmao!
I need to go shopping
Nothing like being on team awesome! Have a great day from all of us at !!!
Stuck In the rain! Help!
I think I saw my first drag show? Please clarify.
Your both soundin like some triccs right now.....DISMISSED
Done working at noon + Storm + boredom + lethargy =
guaranteed wrote that crap because a lawyer forced him to. No one makes a 180 that quickly.
new twitter page dedicated to the ONE and ONLY <3
Note to self: Do not tell a female you're free balling after she says she loves Tom Petty, and especially don't start singing it.
I'm on a serious mission to party with after the #ClubParadise show in #Pittsburgh next weekend!! 🙏🙏
TBH--- I' think im scared of relationships. Im scared that im gonna get hurt by getting dumped or... I dunno. Im just scared. :(
Obsessing with facebook. Bad bad habit forming....
How grateful we are that this is true! RT : Our God is a God of second chances, His mercy endures forever!
omg yes! Same thing happened with me today omg seriously gtfo.. especially from people who don't even have those accounts 😒
The Museum is open today until 5PM, don't forget to come by with your combo ticket, we'll enter you for a chance to win great prizes!
#SCMS12 Elisa Kreisinger on remix: source mat'l must have cultural meaning in order to be subverted. Thus, Sex+City becomes Queer Carrie.
this is true. fun glasses are good, though easier to knock over when tipsy. :(
nothing much just missing j-ville but im still havin in the A wbu?
Love that, I'm in!
in a marketing seminar and speaker just used as an example of a great social company! Tell Dori!
i'm on the PA system for the Wally Yonamine Foundation Baseball State Championship games for Div II and Div I
Hey #Spartans and #Wolverines, look for Closing Time on your campus during #WelcomeWeek & score some #FREE stuff!
I know my dude. :)
I think you mean a gluten free diet can be low in those nutrients; it doesn't have to be! Thanks 4 referring to a dietitian!
All this negative talk about soy...what about whole food forms of soy, like edamame, or fermented like tempeh?
does anyone know when will no longer be the only Nike+ product to not accurately track run data (pace, distance, duration)??
The fact that the Sox had a pitcher warming up in the bullpen in the third inning.<<<
super old. Cant last that long in anything at this age.
which one..chocolate camaro?
According to , the Governor's policies have no affect on Milwaukee. Governor Walker refuses to take any responsibility
but the more votes they get, the better chance of them Actually playing. Cody Simpson has been having fans vote like crazy!
hi!!! How are I miss talking 2 u l0l
rt #DEEPPurple by needs to be Grammy nominated for Album of the Year and or Record of the Year
Robert Kirkman Talks ‘The Walking Dead’ Season 3 Production Start via
Amy is on her way home can't wait / kisses <3 Kellie
indeed they do ;)
I have no problem saying how I truly feel if I really feel it. Outspoken.
Shorter . to Rev. Hunter: "Won't you please try to enrage 15,000 people for me on this gay marriage thing?"
I think I embarassed myself last night but I don't remember how...
Not that I think we should start shit with NYC.
In 1645 Staats had first child, a daughter. In 1648, Staats declined to extend his 6-year contract with VR.
how is what Sam Ruben did to John and Ken any different. They gave their opinion about Whittney. J&k are the truth!
Labor day special 12 Wings LG fries and two large drinks for 12.00
If Only...
Just got in from a session with Johnnie Miller and CArl Powell. Love the work we did on that hip hop track. one smash down many to go.
yeah, malkovich. adaptation is less charming somehow
Cnn is filming my church in Crystal City ward today! Glad I'm not speaking...
A quarrel is like buttermilk: once it's out of the churn, the more you shake it, the more sour it grows.
Kelsey is Julie's Makeup artist :)
Awesome class last night! I really enjoyed it!!
I've been blessed just watching this bulls game. Any plans for the bday?
Have pictures of the work we've done for you? Tweet with your photos and we'll put them up!
Stay inspired, it's game time!
Ford Hoodie
you got a twitter?! ahh you're so groovy<3
Not Fri, but there's def DC fun today! Look in sky btwn 10&11am & you may see space shuttle on back of 747. Tell us if you #SpotTheShuttle!
Lol umm that is kind of trashy.
Success from home. Home based business opportunity, 10-15 hours a week, earn $100K+ in 3 years. Anyone interested?
Great Gonna be another bad night :(
We could see more showers & storms tonight but it appears the severe threat will remain mostly to our south.
right now I am at my house haha
Some really great companies coming out of YC Demo day. Particularly fond of - great work guys!
#Caps never stopped believing in Boudreau. bit.ly/hMB0ig
Streets in my city, so they go in front of my house, because our house is the Ambulance route to the hospital so they(Cont.)
yeah, its definitely gonna be a celtics vs heat eastern conference finals
Tru dat RT Goodmorning WORLD. It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!!!!!!
I have that same allergy but im actually allergic to you and Stupidity ! xD
Lol. Everyone thinks I've really broken out of my shell since I wanted to start acting. :) x
Can get it done.
I'm still heartbroken Mo didn't live to see this day ! What he did was worth more than an armored division tho
I do it all the time
Ruby on Rails *should be* a new color, don't you think ?
Our engineers have said that as long as you don't go on our site, we'll be okay.
that makes sense. I used to go to Pitts more but am now obviously a CLE fan.
Hi Marni! Just saw the email, will reply now, great to meet you. Your article really resonated with me.
Its only Wednesday?
that's true! Enjoy what you are doing, that's the secret to success RT : People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what...
my life is made now that i gotta 84 on my cognitive neuroscience exam
What about live-tweeting a program? Does that bring on-site experience to off-site peeps in a meaningful way?
#Bissell: Steams Carpets and scares the #dog. Two birds with one stone.
Thinking about going solo to Kona, HI for a few days. Anyone have any recs of things to do?
No school yaya!!!!
Ha! Yes, literal dogs. Watching 'em for my landlords.
oops I meant a smiley
...new york
hes being mean to you?
ouuuuuu gurl. Its just dumb cause no matter how many people have the jump the line thing they only let a certain amount go in.
Marty Hearst has been saying that for close to a decade, and I definitely agree with it!
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare. It just depends on how you treat her.
"Honest to God I will break your heart tear you to pieces and rip you apart." 20 on 20 should play this song right ????
i'm not mean to you. i'm just mean in general. other than saying you failed at tagalog, when have i been mean to you?
First mothers Day & feeling like poo
We have all your #Kentucky Derby prep here-WWW.ussportspages.com
M... Vegtable dumplings! Haven't had them in so long, I forgot how good they are.
In related news, gosh, their coffee is strong.
This. RT : On the left, SuperPac's have been around for years. They're called Unions.
I forgot my bad!!!
It's looking like a whisky and cigar night tomorrow. Any takers?
Headed home
Clippers proving how inconsistent they've been this season.Have ability to explode vs. teams, no way they should be down by 15 to Grizzlies.
Thank you President Peters for the name change adding Dr Ndugu G.B. T'Ofori-Atta to the Religious Heritage of the African World
Morning everyone, check out Cello Fury tonight at the Geek Arts and Green Innovations Fest, Pittsburgh's first eco, art and technology fest!
My old kentucky home!!!
School tomorrow..........fun fun
Always FREE DELIVERY when you shop in our store and spend at least $40.
Going to get new glasses today...if the price is right
thanks for the azn month stuff. has to be about the cutest (and most awesome) ever.
parties AND penguins!?! Oh my!!
lmao u are an ass! U keep me dyin!!
I can't wait for the vow!!!!<3 it looks like a movie that I'm gonna cry to:') aw
Watching #TheFirst48 , And It's In Cleveland (:
�Twitter is like a tragically hip New York night club
All is done.....what happened to us??
Yes, it sucks!
i just lost the backs to my plugs-__-
#todayinhistory Len Slye starred in his first feature film Under Western Stars in 1938, launching the career of
what happened?! :)
thank you :)
My cat is high off catnip now... Is that wrong?
i need to know the dates! And do yall have school 2marrow
10 Dimes sitting in front of me so I call them a 100 piece
Good Morning Tweeps
I've been getting this to. What the hell's up with that?!
15th Annual Conference on Vaccine Research - Sacramento Bee
4 Final Exams- COME AT ME BRO!!
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1962 #JackPaar made his final appearance on the "Tonight" show.
thank you :-)
do you think NY could be the next #startup hub?
no prob. I have this wild theory about something, but I didn't want to share unless you'd gotten to a certain point.
RT : "Happiness is not an accident. Nor is it something you wish for. Happiness is something you design." -- Jim Rohn word
intentional. Testing
Are you attending the Alumni Board meeting in a couple weeks? I'm trying to gauge if it's smarter to come in Friday PM or Sat AM.
Having some fancy cheese and grapes as a snack.. Just need a glass of Pinot and I would have a complete fancy snack :)
I hope you appreciate the attempt at humor. secretmillionairestv.com
KEMBA!! RT : Jon Tudor. I won the Entercom bracket last year, and so now I am banned. And I think that's just mean.
I'm hemorrhaging money. I sure wish it was because I was in Vegas rather than the soaring price of food and gas.
yea, I am. As soon as I find out the air date, I'll let you know! :) RT you're going to be on tosh.o?
Townes Van Zandt kind of day...
Well, all hell has broken loose.
If you can't beat them arrange to have them beaten.
Are you seriously going to make me wait to see you until X-Fest??
Former #Badgers (2008) and (2003) both used the Portsmouth Invite to help make NBA rosters.
back to campus...back to reality..no more beach :/
What the hell?! WHYNOT?!
Let's go Vandy!!
that tumblr makes me spew tea all over my keyboard. thanks a lot.
If you build iPad/iPhone apps, get at me. Must be local to Austin. Can also find me <----- More active with that fresh cut.
I think Cori's addicted to watching the tv show Intervention. If only there was some sort of process to get her to stop.
thankss... this is insane
So much to do ... so little time.
Interesting there is a positive correlation between popularity of sport in U.S. and number of breaks in action for commercials.
are you and mike coming over tonight?
Best place to start would be . . .RT Ready to write this screenplay. Where do I start! It's all in my head, the whole movie.
"No one can keep up. It's always changing" = Yea, I know you're old, Love, Megan.
lol no I'll read them tomorrow for sure.
so yu aint txt me yu love me ok
URBAN DICTIONARY: "You talk white" TRANSLATION: Using proper vernacular and enunciating all of the letters in his/her choice of words.
Justin WHat Kind Of Supra's Do u Wear
Man if Obama ever follows us I'm gonna freak lol
I'm going straight from my uncle's funeral to the stage to the performance tomorrow..
RT : #FF SoCal's art/design schools for keeping us inspired!
Merry Christmas 2 everybody. Hope u and ur families have a blessed one. :)
for how long are you staying in miami? & come to the A town! lol ATL!(:
My whole being is secure, O God. My whole being is secure - Psalm 57:7
O dear God, thank you. That shit drives me CRAZY.
I will be Tomorrow for a little $2-5 NL Cash Game Action
nap time for the little ones!
#KacieB you keep your head up! You are way better off without #thebachelor! He doesn't deserve you
You did as we asked! Thanks!!
Ugly scene in Egypt
"It was like there wasn’t enough room within the survey for them to tell their stories,”
watching your show Missing.
I have the best Boyfriend in the world ..So blessed to have Nel
so did you shop successfully? What did you bring home?
Promotional Video of the Electronic Field Trip from the International Museum of Cultures « International Museum of Cultures BLOG...
oh yeah, congats on the shoot! Had to have been cool.
Call Me Old Fashioned, But I Actually Take Love, Sex And Feelings Seriously ♥♥.
This is what happens when bad meets evil
Real life challenges..take them head-on..... Real-shit
Back in the game. Thank you, Rangers!
Thats weird, why would a random person ask someone to watch a box of soaps? Haha
YES! --> | RT any food trucks going to be at or this sat?
Some shit been cookin up on the street. Dont think we disappeared. we just got some crazy shit cookin for ya'll.
Good you?
My homemade audition studio(s) are quite humorous on how I rig up lighting & the frame of the shot f/ my Mac. The things actors do. 😁
That's so cool. I know they showed holograms at a Google conference last yr. I need to see this live! Jealous! ;-)
was ha
#Lacan #law Elisabeth Roudinesco convicted of libel for alleging Lacan's last wish for a Catholic funeral was not met. 1 euro in damages
already figured it out! Thank ya though! 🙈
I love u more
Facial tats: What are you going to do at 40 with that? You'll be much wiser then looking for a job. Whose going to hire you?
Publius SyrusA bold onset is half the battle
Miley Cyrus is playing on the radio
So apparently, carrying a toy gun in your purse is not the smartest way to defend yourself on the street
Activists say Argentina now leads the world in transgender rights
please follow me please please follow me
Yay and ! RT : Big crowd at UIndy for discussion of community lessons learned before Big Game.
oh my god I love that show :))
#BillsMafia I can't wait to see who it is?!?!?
you wrong pickle...
Thank you! I'm serious when I say that Thesis has been a huge part of what made it possible.
Can't believe a week from today the boys will be one hour away from me, and I won't be able to see them! )': Pure torture!
stop by our table at the fair! perfect for people interested in #nonprofits &
Being still/silent and delving into your mind through silent meditation. How long can you sit and meditate? Solutions/answers spring forth.
they are pretty quick with submission turn arounds at Red Fez. You should send them something!
Both for the little one, yes? No plastic bits on either?
Tomorrow, because I'm an idiot and switched accounts mid-conversation.
I miiiiiiiisssss u to!
i've gotten like 40 followers on instagram since like Monday ... awesome !
Am I the only one who thinks the space needle looks ridiculous painted orange?
yeah i know i was gonna hit u up but he sold quick. I hooked thunderchunk up with 2 pairs
Can this game be over. Game 5 to Atlanta. #Laker time pls.
At the hospital watching a metaphorical episode of Different "Strokes". Just sad
I kinda hoping he'll start it off with a bit of Al Green.
#badgers bummin. great game
I am *so* not a morning person.
as long as the car a/c is working, yes. LOL
I can not believe it's April already. End of the first quarter, but not to late to fulfill all those New Year resolutions.
Does info design mitigate conflict?
"James' recent departure from the Cleveland Cavaliers to the Heat caused a lot of anger in the city." - Why bother reporting that?
8:30 a.m. and dudes with "I Need Tickets" signs swarming around Yum! Center. It's #MarchMadness in
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
back up on the block boy!
If they pick a lame name, I don't know what I'll do with myself.
If your heart tells you this person is nice, go with the PGE guiding behavior, give them the benefit of the doubt,was this person railroaded
Have a It's a wonderful Life kind of day!
ahaha im sure!! i would be too!!! xD n_n
I was the 27th view :)
All of our Christmas merchandise is now 50% off! There's still time to deck the halls, so come on down!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  45
Headline on Drudge: "Stocks Suck"
looks like Judge Biscoe and Comm. Davis ready to vote for #apple incentives.
That i took around three.
": dont cry. just run around in a circle. lol" HHAHAHA more great advice justin. Nice. Lol
does anybody else think that if the boyz went to perform on abdc 7 that vinny wouldn't go with them? it makes me sad. </3
RT : Mark your calendars. Wed. 7th Aberlour tasting, followed by new food menu/new art party. Food 1/2 off all day!
The best way to get thru what your going thru is to express how you feel as well as letting go and letting God work it out
You heard about on the radio? I'm curious because we haven't done any radio ads? Hm...
happy cinco de breezy
everyone was unfazed by the sting intrusion. But not this guy. I was extremely uncomfortable with all his yodeling.
Patriots...one word
please start a twitter feed? Now: MichaelWolfe spks abt #MOST Hollywood bureau of
NOO ur way charming, flawless & ur sweeter than the sweetst honey on earth:)
I full on slammed on my ass so hard that I think it might have self adjusted my back.
Tied a QR Code to the KOB weather cam in Old Town ABQ. Scan the code at the plaza and see a photo of yourself. Romero and N. Plaza.
Thanks for the shout out, we can't wait for the review!
If you get aroused looking at yourself in the mirror does that make you gay? hahahahaha
yay eye doctor appointment at 10 am tomorrow
school called me house to tell my mom i skiped 1st period
I LOVE that blog. It's a serious time suck.
damn dog I've been up a good 5 hours!
Refrain from photography? That&#39;s going to be a tough one. #pla12 #
im not even gonna be able to watch it tho. Stupid west coast games
Thanks the support is much appreciated!!
Social media in museums
ur completely right...so why am I wasting my time :-(
Me and one of my friends got some catching up to do today!
good point! She's an Ignorant woman.
#WhyRelationshipsDontLast because as put it "women lie, men lie"
New to this. Still learning. Please be patient.
now more than ever actually! when we release it you will understand why it took so long :)
Just wanna relax today
I feel as though my mommy deserves 2 gifts for mother's day this year because dealing with me is no walk in the park
;; I suppose . Lol . But Joey loves watching Family Guy and Sabrina the teenage witch :D
#BucketList Throw a paint party and put lsd in all of the paint. HAHAHAHAHA
Happy mothers day to my Fav sissy!
I'm all about addressing those needs. Whenever, y'know, we're in the same country.
New favorite hashtag is
That moment you realize you need Facebook because you've forgotten so many special peoples birthdays. <<<
Need to UNFOLLOW a bunch of people!!
Dumb bitch don't run your mouth about me! This, my city carry yo ass back to the country!
Loving the new album, Maysa!:)
like seriously. she is NEVER tired. and when i want something: "no honey, i'm tired."
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that every weekend i'm a drunk asshole ;)
oh no it's in the fluorescent lights now
thanks for makin me laugh in class. (:
Bottle dancing way to go Dan!
It's impossible to please everyone. I'm interested in learning how to handle the naysayers and haters on social media. Got examples?
For vip table reservations call 321.400.4789 or hit up
The Sydney crowd wasn't hype enough ... Not by the look of the videos .
not yet, I hopefully start in the fall. Haven't read that, I'll check it out!
Awesome! You will be so glad you did! Be sure to get connected on discussion boards for support.
Lmaoo RT : All i would be in this summer is trouble if i went back home.
The Black Bear Inn Come visit us on Thursday and get 10 % off your meal (exculdes beverages). Just tell us the CODE NAME: Papa Bear
Why did the rabbit run out of the fast-food restaurant? He thought he heard someone order a quarter pounder on a toasted bunny.
Great meeting with clients today. I'm looking forward to more conversations next week. We're off to a great start!
because of the instant gratification factor? Or because the publisher is ceding a lot of control over copying?
Greetings to our favorite marine!!! Hope you are doing well. <3
Casey and are working the local vendor fair today, stop by for a sample!
RT : Lots of fun events on the mountain for our final fling weekend! Great example, meet at the Summit Haus at 4pm......
At least for a few hours, the Mets are in first place. I'm just saying.
What's up TWITTEr :p
It would be nice 4 if were Prez; Then he could spend all his obstruction time on golf/tanning instead.
Hey everyone! This is our brand-new OFFICIAL twitter page, like us and keep up with the band and stay tuned for important updates!
Decrescendo is the term for gradually getting softer/quieter.
i know a lot of ppl with spider bites
I yes the candy man can!
What version of TweetDeck are you running?
Can you send him my name? please I have been dying for one of them to follow me
do you have any covers in mind ?(:
"My top schools were where I want to apply to are Oxford and the Sorbonne. But my safety's Harvard."
Thousands of us will march across the Pettus Bridge like Bloody Sunday 1965
Bracket busted....vcu wins
Then its off to a candy shop in Bkport for a 20lbs chocolate bunny. After the synthetic marijuana story, it mite b a white rabbit.
Gym, lunch with my family at Scottsdale Quarter, and some pool time. Made the most of a day off.
Sounds like a great night “: Cazadores #tequila shots w/ #pineapple backs”
I bow to you...you were right! Let's see now
party party party
My house :-) : I need recommendations: where can I find the largest, most perfectly made dirty vodka martini... In the world?
2 Damn Cheeky w/Rob Keith - Tuesday, Sept 6, 2011 EST, 5pm GMT, 9am PST - only on - Get some !!!
it was great..
Hey ! That's a nice list there buddy! ;)
Me too! Im giving out applications!!
I got a severe concussion during my 2nd semester of calculus, I have always claimed it knocked out my math
The #Bruins stink tonight.
Just told my mom to calm her tits. Bad idea.
let's go to wet republic on Friday!??
im leaving tomorrow night though thank goodness
ROCK CHALK.
I continue to get phto editing for free becasue I'm a sneeky little bitch
If I offend you in any way please contact me on www.icouldntgiveaflyingfuck.com
How to grow a beard in style
The reviews and comments I read said it wasn't well written, but it's very popular!
Looking forward to the show THIS weekend with Gringo Starr at Sarasota Lanes!!!YAY!!!
Rain! It's just a drizzle, but it's the first rain I've seen in a month and a half.
Well today I am 30! Yay to me!!!
mutton bustin' (no G, Aaron) is basically the best thing ever. We're seeing Reba on Friday. I'm p-p-p-p-pumped.
Congrats knew youd get in!
leaving tomorrow
My priority is not to beat #Obama in the fall. Rather, my priority is to overturn 100 yrs of R and D mismanagement. #RonPaul or none at all
my favorite is Lincoln. Honest Abe exposes secret of opponent; opponent turns red, dies of shame. Alt: dies under pile of reporters.
Most people know Justin Bieber for his face and not for his music, it should really be the other way round. He's so talented... AND HOT!
that is pretty funny Come on Bon Iver
Here's to all the teachers who helped us get where we are today. Happy National Teachers Day!
no problem ;3
Thanks for tweeting out all the great resources from the biz reference session. Can't wait to check them out.
Today has been so disappointing. Birthdays are supposed to be fun and happy not disappointing.
If I was the Saints GM and accused of "Covering Up" both a Bounty program and Pain Pill thefts on my team , would I still have a job?
squeezing in requests for tours & talks
I could listen to John Mayer's discography 24/7.
Don't forget to catch talking to on tonight's Colbert Report. 11:30pm ET.
Got my speech down. Watch me just forget everything when I have to present. I'm so nervous 😁
RT RT If you're important they'll make a way, if you're not important they'll make an excuse......
These elbow pads protect my sweater from wayward fois grois.
- ah, those daily scalp exams...good times.
Life is like a taxi. The meter just keeps a-ticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still. ~ Lou Erickson
#BoringMovieSynopsis Second wife of rich guy has some really noticeable self-confidence issues.
It better be good too or else I'm throwing tomatoes
What happened?
Happy Mothers-day MOM! You are inspirational!
Wat sup everybody any ladies wanna chat pm me ive give u my number to text k
its impossible to be as cool as me
my body took that sleep without my permission
Was that foul for doing the electric slide?
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. ~Henry Ford
Questions for the Web team? Email Us: - all inquiries will be forwarded to CEO
got my vote*
aye big daddy
Anyone know if it is possible to make your own videos rentable (or pay per view) on YouTube?
RT : Things are beautiful if you love them. - Jean Anouilh
Tell me how the f-ck we supposed to stay friends, When you got a bunch of feelings that you don’t show....
": #Spurs are 41-7 since Dallas OT loss streak also holds two 11-game win streaks & currently rolling on 13 straight. #machine"
U ARE TO GORGEOUS
You're welcome!
I'm a killjoy now harharhoe
"Health hath no fury like some pissed off women" - #KatieCouric in conversation with #BillieJeanKing at
I will remember...
you talkin mr. Sullivan? We've had to do that before haha
You forgot to mention RT Have you tweeted for #MKETwestivalCares yet? Help
Just thinking of you when your game piece slapped down on my twitter cue. You're voice unique in all the world.
I want to be in a career that I feel like I'm doing some good.
HAHA I HOPE ITS REAL. THAT MEANS JUSTIN.IS.MINE. MWAHAHAHA
#JustRememberThat i'll always LOVE you 
#IfItellYou one thing dont go running your mouth saying another
#WOW there is a subliminal ringtone that can increase a woman's boob size, when its used 20 times a week #3cm INCREASE WOW
"Hey, boys, better look out, she's bright as the sun, sweet as sauerkraut!" from Siren by Natalie Vowell, Jedi Nightie.
But tonight was bittersweet. I had my last gig with my jazz combo at the Silverado Grill. We went out with a bang! So much good feedback!
wait, how long is your phone gonna be taken away for? lmaoo
are you in school??
This is what the Western powers aligned themselves w/ for oil.
Conservation Day in #Walkerville. Join , and tell to NOT raid recycling money for
same and at my aunts house
RT #NF when planing your events #ThinkOfMe <We will, thanks!
:: have a good field trip guys!
I gotta show this guy how to work out lol alright see ya
Looks like foo foo coffee. Bet it's very sweet too.
throw relish EVERYWHERE
study compares civic classes vs service learning: former creates +interest in politics, latter +political action & +volunteering.
Ilike your drawing in the middle (;
maybe even if you don't!
is giving life back its stupid lemons and demanding chocolate!
Morning Twitterland! Anyone prepping for the #Houston, #Redding or #PFChang #marathons tomorrow?
Mad shout out to because those last words were very true
": everyone, said he's down for condit and Diaz to rematch. so, basically it's up to Carlos" didn't Diaz retire?
Cape Verdian music feeds the soul... Criala
Excited to follow along with the Duke Feminist Theory Workshop #ftw12 today. Thanks for tweets, and
So grateful to be spending this day with my family. Gonna hug all day!
Be home soon I love u...flight land at 5:14 everything gone be ok I promise<3
Deuce Deuce was a trending topic WORLDWIDE yesterday on Twitter!! Keep up the good work guys!
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
#in Mega Hair Elite's Hair Waxing Services In Our Boston Area Salon! Your Choice, a full body wax or just your eyebrows!
omg dude vs wild LOL tht shit is old af ahahahha those them early youtube days.
I hope you lay down in your sleep & choke on every lie you told me.
Jake. Show him you care. Now. You're amazing, he'll like you anyway.
From the staff of the UCLA Fund to you and your family, Happy Thanksgiving!!!
of course there were moments that were broad but really Marvel finally got it right on this one. so much better than the others.
Home from SD @ 5:30 this morning back to recording!!! Isnt this fun? I say yes
Braved the cold with and friends for a roof screening at the AK Press bldg. So much fun!
lame dave, very lame. facebook JUST as lame.
the debate: is the song I'm listening to on this random Eastern European shoutcast station bad enough to get myself up off the couch or not?
' That's fried , it was never suppose to make it to the internet either!!
RT : “: "Get over stealth-mode and start sharing your ideas. Ideas are cheap." #sls12 #SocStart”
Cant decide who i dislike more has a player melo or bron
Great direct from grower plant sale again this Sat in #Hillsboro out at on S. Hwy 219 great prices well below wholesale
I personally think people should be allowed to choose whatever they want as long as it doesn't bother others directly.
Hey doll!!!
That's right--I think my #MacMini was the only one that even had #Excel!
Susan G Komen to stop supporting Planned Parenthood? Oh.... Hahaha... Oh lol. Politics over poor women's lives, way to support the cure.
Major gift from Wells Fargo Advisors supports initiatives at Olin, Brown schools - Washington University Record
LOL thought I had my head pierced.. its my headband!
My bank does the most, and so does my other job with my paycheck!
haha and guess what? He's 15
Creditors have better memories than debtors
they should be generic, Viagra patent over 10 years but Pfizer drummed up a new indication to extent patent life.
This Robitussin is worthless. I should have mixed another rum toddy instead.
Looks like #Clippers vs the Tuesday Night!! Bring it LA!!
But they find their strenghth in love.
Preparing a dynamic presentation for conference this Thursday: www.tedxphilly.com
capitalism is a set of risk management strategies designed to realize a steady profit from a variable world.
Kudos to Gaylord staff. My room is a one floor elevator ride and 30 second walk to ILTA2011 central. Heading to orientation.
thanks for following me
I don't understand why people commit, there's always a solution to whatever you're going through. Be strong & patient good times will come…
You and Jason will make such cute babies, we'll all be one big happy family ;)
I love editing. <3. Especially when the manuscript starts off well.
Hilarious! Ron Swanson: "I still think awards are stupid, but they would be less stupid if they went to the right people." ....so true!
Tha BOOGER in Steve Blake nose <<<<
Equanimity is a state of mental or emotional stability or composure arising from a deep awareness and acceptance of the present moment.
lol funny. Would you happen to have a tumblr?
I hate looking for something to watch!
I heart you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to you, happy birthday to you happy bitrhday happy birthday HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU #HappyBirthdayKenneth :D
Thanks and for a great time tonight!
Is #SM powerful? Social media is forcing companies into transparency. Think about that power!
2 more hours and were talkin about sunshine drive home. Real talk real home
Paul Tillich~ The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself in spite of being unacceptable.
xoxo how many tattoos do u have ??
Contagion. Great movie! See it. Now.
Legalize gay marriage so new tv shows like divorce court and cheating shows will happen cause that would be awesome to watch!
I had such a crazy productive weekend.
Don't forget to bid on 's online auction. Sox, CSO and Groupon tickets are just some of the great things for sale!...
Its Wednesday Tweeple and it looks like we are in store for another beautiful day: High of 62 partly cloudy.
The true followers of Jesus Christ embraced their trials and sufferings with great joy and excitement all the way until their death.
please help stop kony watch the videokony2012 he has to be stoped its its timefor him to pay back
If he loves you he'll come back and realize what he has and never let go... He'll show you rather then tell you ♥
I wish my stomach would stop growling 😳😳😳
good game UCF KNIGGHTS! you would have destroyed that Torres pg. He messed with the wrong team
Everyone please follow Austin D. Jordan (), he owns
Okay, so let Mauer take 2nd there
Solution To Dealing With Someone Who Irritates Your Life = Cut Them Off!!!
RT : yeah, she graduates in a few hours! Lol ..... GN// YAAAAAY Tell her Congrats!!!
Mob Wives ends peacefully? Well I'm glad, but DAMN, bring the heat!
Clara Conti Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Can't wait - RT : Light Years
I haven't but I will. : )
RT : Wearing a hoodie and shorts because you're confused about the weather.
I think about you
I need someone to come cuddle me. This is worse than the time I spilled pizza sauce on Barney :(.
I love an empty beach,...
One last thing, it's ONLINE content dummy! It doesn't matter where u are!
thank you so much for the support.
CALEB IS MUCH BETTER NOW HE IS DOWN TO 1-2 TREATMENTS A DAY,OTHER WISE HE IS GETTING SO BIG& BOY CAN HE EAT THANKS HUGS 2 U
Big S/O to the my sweetie pie follower , Make sure to follow him and check out his wild podcast about any & everything....
when are you back?
I hope your friend is feeling better so you can visit them (and Tucson) under better circumstances!
I've been playing too much bioshock!
okay then stay out of it common sense bud
Thanks for the follow.How r things.
Super cool to see on stage during the #QualcommCES keynote. "there is still so much more ahead"
Yes MY HUSBAND IS FOLLOWING ME lmaooo
RT : If you have to use a text resume, include the link to your pretty and designed resume. And don't bury it.
too early to decide, that's up to prosecutors.
When I'm upset about something, I can't even think about anything else... :c
settling in going to commentate AE. Enjoy those vs screens
I didn't know that.. (I do like some foam on lattes... But now of course not anymore).
LIKE I CAN'T OMG. haha text me mum is making me leave twitter.. nig
Barely been on #twitter for weeks I need some inspiration besides Maybe I should just draw those #girls daily.
I'm honest to a fault. Turned down a $10,000 promo just so my followers didn't buy into dilution.. Look up MDRM
Anyone - any man at least - that tweets smilie faces over and over is ... Is a ....
Hospitals are weird places
: I'm not fat. I'm just so sexy that it overflows. ;) That just made my day haha
not a crazy idea, an awesome one!
#1Dfansleavetheboysalone and we're called directioners. :)
20 years from now his swag ain't gunna pay the bills
complex list on ny rappers...lol
I wanna go to a cookout.
this hungry hippo is just a jealous bear in a big blue house! Must have deetz and pix of each course
At an Uruguayan event in Elizabeth NJ, little Montevideo in the US
Do not have kids haha...well atleast not now...im too young!
well we planned to pick up billy too
Mavs have to knock down easy shots..Barea, Jet, Marion have all missed easy shots...hitting free throws might be an idea also
Same here, but instead of logging out and in, I use the tweet thing in the top right hand corner.
Thanks for the follow! Love the hotel.
I WISH HE DID RUN, JUST SO THAT HIS EGO GETS CRUSHED !!!
Always.. Btw.. U expected this year at WMC..miami.. BOOM!
yessir we are tomorrow :D
My Malaysian apprentice has started to get replies! Soon we'll post one. Can't push her out of the nest too soon!
you're right...im sorry...so funeral today in10 min? where at? ur place? ok.
Not for long. Lol
Why need such heavy enforcement power + whose to say these fansites won't be branded as "thieves" under the #SOPA regime?
...what's a subtweet?
3 words about your avi: oh hell yeah!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms who support comics instead of throwing them away!.
Night twitter world. Dreams call me.
Aw... Tell your subconscious I miss it too! You've been in exile in that gulag for over a year!
I did hear of that one. I'll definitely take a look @ it. Thank you...
the kitten was alive? They clearly don't know you very well. Also: I'll have it.
my background >>>
Good morning everyone.went to bed early n woke up at 3:45am..Antsy..Anxious.. Something..lol :)
Thank u lord for another day im grateful to be alive
omg mos wanted is doing mah dance move !
Utterly unrelated to anything happening directly around me right now: If the Boston Bruins want the Cup, they have to take this series to 7.
A lazy Saturday followed by a lazier Sunday
We are grateful for ALL mothers! With out them we wouldn't be MUCH of a youth ministry, literally! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
RT Is very disappointed at my 1lb weight loss this week! Want to lose another 13lb in 11 week!!
do you have any mktg posters you can send me for the store? Thx
"the best mobile experiences unfold"
Reel em in. #FishOn “: I've promised salmon dinner. I now know what pressure hunter-gatherers felt.”
Not tweeting a lot until back in GA! But keep sending :)
I got the ESPN app on deck tho. Know that!
we always do.
Great night with the best around: , , &
I'll do this on my own ... I'll get us back on my own
...because today I got the 40%-off discount in my email.
What exactly happens at a meetup? I assume there are there people doing this in Chicago?
Watching IRobot & will smith had to run up 2,000 steps to save mankind... Um No not I
Eating play-doh with
WINNERS NEVER QUIT AND QUITTERS NEVER WIN
AND I ARE SKYPING. YOU SHOULD JOIN US BECAUSE WE LOVE YOU. ;D
RT Just because majority rules, doesn't mean they know what they're talking about. Don't doubt yourself
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf cursed her out
I need food !
Inspiration on the walls of and inspirational people on the inside
Day 3 #nynt training about to start.
Awh have fun at the cinema! ^^ & haha just cause of Zac Efron? ;) & I'll have to study so hha ;) ♥
Luck is actually attitude. We attract what we put out. Make the most of your Friday the 13th!
did Monkey Girl go up today at brewery?
Did you just tell everyone in NYC to chill?
there just trying to change the subject and get sympathy for her and for them to feel bad for her when none of it's true
Staying strong has more to do with your inner strength than your physical ability. Today is about staying strong!
Yeah but I have to say something because by then I'll probably have a pain in the ass son too.
Cathy, My Momma, and I played hookie from the store today... we got some new (old) stuff for the store!!
Venison Sausage w Oregon Blueberry! Try a Delicioso Blackberry Double Chocolate Brownie
I do believe commonsense has taken flight. Why would a GA police officer handcuff and jail a 6 y o child for having a tantrum? Madness.
Latter-Days should repurpose "All Along the Watchtower".
I think you should come to PNBA. Which reminds me, Robin -- when should I start helping you plan?
We will have a big announcement today at 3:33PM! This is what you have been waiting for!!
I really would just like a peanut butter sandwich right now.
tired fuck._. goodnight twitter:D
i really hope so, homeroom was ghey! FUNK-uh-DATION?
Black Muba, huh?
sounds good
Happy Birthday Gerard Way, one of the greatest!
exactly! this bitch lives for drama, she just doesn't wanna deal with the consequences !
Dude was driving in the wrong lane but flips me off when I get out of his way.
chin up, soldier on
I can break glasses. Usually by sitting on them. Thanks for following us. E hope u listen 2 and love the music! Best & success.
I'll be there; swap is fine
A2: bring examples to the table....site maps are great, Wordpress examples and designs that you like
Hell must have frozen over because ovechkin is using a Bauer vapor instead of his CCM
Follow and #idcc11 for more on this morning's workshop on data and impact.
Omg glee so intense
I'm surprised anyone knew that lol": !!! RT : Soul Plane"
We provide therapy for children with-Anger management issues.
today i don't feel like doing anything.. i just wanna lay on my bed<3
yes, branding sets expectations, however your competition is also setting the bar as well
Jolene. Jolene. Jolene Joleeeeennnneee!!! Please don't take him just because you can
lets just say that i am sitting pretty with a 29-22 final score.
I swear I don't deserved half the shit my exs did to me.. smh
Some fugly looking hockey from the Flyers tonight. Time is running out.
Good music is hard work put into play
Markup language is in its name which was initially depressing, but turns out I'm still learning PROGRAMMING. Also
just watched a slightly sketchy envelope handover at the bar.
Great piece! You coming to FOSS4G? Think many of the best Where sessions will be repeated there.
Dear God, how I love the simplicity of laying out.
Posted a new sneak peek excerpt of Depth of Focus at www.kenyadwilliamson.com/writing.htm.
Excited our "mobile, then web" app is slowly gaining more "web app" functionality!
I love you RT me?
Good friends are like condoms; they're always there to protect you when things get hard :)
haha it misses you. Believe me.
nothing at all
Nice, I'll check it out!
Our #biggfs or 'Best IndieGoGo Funders' are showing tons of love this week & really liken' their gift cards!
Everyone in this tweet kicks serious ass in our opinion.
when it warms up, we will be around there...
hahah there ya go
Hey follow me @
#knuckles --- What are you up too today?
Now, #Chrisberman suggesting younger NFL players will be more affected by the #transformer blowout in #Candlestick. #Cmon,man!
I AM SO FUCKED. MY WORK IS STARTING DRUG TESTS.
The very best of us will likely share the same zip code some day soon here in America.
when it all comes down to it, I just want to be loved.
In the studio with AC from Cali. Another day, another dollar$$.
Ima wave bye when I see you haters
At Groupons they are offering a $60 for 100-Level Ticket for 3 Different San Antonio Spurs Game . . . the offer may go quick so if you want
Tip your bartender more than $1 for making you a ton of drinks.
Hm. RT : When IBM asked 1,500 CEOs to name their top leadership competency, they ranked creativity first.
oh NO! error message while trying to purchase norah jones tickets. Missing password but none provided...HELP!!?
Funny how things have changed so much in one year.
make me another one please
How long does it take to make soup n half sandwich? Well hale n hearty took 90 mins to deliver my order lol
thank you! Love that.
#brewers prospect p tyler thornburg has 3 mlb ready pitches...says wut he's working on is not letting runners get free bases
The "J" doesn't lie. It stands for jbossy.
"Every human is an artist. And this is the main art that we have: the creation of our story." ~ Don Miguel Ruiz
Thanks for the RT friends!
Great #DNation night! Thanks to our coach , mentors and Jessica, #volunteers & #runnerds for a GREAT night!
3 Pillars of Universal Design for Learning: provide multiple/flexible methods of presentation, action/expression & engagement.
No, please don't query me via twitter. My submissions guidelines can be found on my website.
#2020Makeitstop this is crazy but interesting story <3
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
You are 100% correct about that. And I missed last nights :(
'do-do- oooohh!!, thats more than a dress, its a grace kelly movie' - piebald. rock it today everyone!
Little boy thought I wouldnt beat in Mario kart. Bitch I've been playing that since I was 3.
#ItsHardTo be in a relationship longer than 6 months, when youre not willing to give UP ur VIRGINITY
Yeah. The Cave Singers are phenomenal. This is a gift.
I can't stop being such a girl.
Life Is Grrrrraaaaeeetttttt.
The righteousness from God comes through faith in Jesus Christ to all who believe. There is NO difference, all have sinned...Romans 3:22
Snapbacks, easier to stock for retail and your kid can wear dads hat easier!
...the worst part is that the ones who shouldn't wear them do anyway...
-moans even louder- damn Jake. God!
I need to work on my softball swing, tryna take some swings before the game?
thank you - you're so sweet!!
If you ever win a pitcher chug, lets be honest. No one wins.
My initial idea was more like participation as in a Mystery Dinner theater where we all have a part in it.
I don't even remember
huh huh huhHumpday!
should be blooming because all the bushes in our yard are. Just started yesterday.
2 tabloid reporters checking out a report of the Archangel Michael living w an old woman find that its true But thats not the only surprise.
Man the ending for the kick ass movie was stupid.... Why the jetpack?
Congrats! Job doing what now?
hey girl! i need someone to do an on camera test of this product. they have to be ok with us coming into their home to film
Wow. Junior Seau dead. Early reports say suicide. Crazy...
tweeting and shopping at neimans on line sale-its a good day
1800 silver got me on cloud 9 and a half
#ShabbatShalom to everyone and especially Tribe members at #SLA2012. Great to meet more of you
Urgently reminding you now because tomorrow it will be too late: remember to bring your name badge for tomorrow!!
What's the warmest place in Canada right now ?.
Thanks for the RT!
Great game again Aaron! Do work for us Thursday! #MVP !!!!!!!
EXTENDED HOURS at Thompson Library: open til 2 a.m. thru Wed. Dec. 9 for Finals Week! Come study for your exams!
#Wordstothewise When ur presented w/ the chance to come clean with someone u love u better be
By the way, this includes the governor's website. Hm.
Very, very attractive price. RT : I wasn't going to bet the Derby but if Bodemeister is creeping up toward 8-1, it's hammer time.
My Sid jersey is autographed lol
Jumping on to the bandwagon of history. If it's good enough for the library of congress, it's good enough for me.
Cool story bro.
Live In The Moment.... <3
I love looking out the window and seeing all the beautiful trees blooming.
Thanks for RT'ing The Home Builder Facebook Index today , & !
RIP BRITTANY MURPHY *XOXO*-->Gone Too Soon...
My fat ass ain't doing good either lmao Sis I ate so many rice krispies and my scale said yo' ass ain't dropped not a pound
From the inbox: "Donate an instrument to a child in need!" Just a thought, but wouldn't the kids rather have food and/or clothing?
they may be "boring" but they have success every year with what they do.
Regular straws should all be replaced by bendy straws. Well, that's how I feel
where have YOU been. I'm in hawaii... back Sunday. Pick a night you wanna hang out and ill make it happen!
More the former, and for twinges of whiny excess. The cocaine story I thought was actually appropriate in his GTA account.
Good movie. Ha. #CabinInTheWoods donnooo what were doing tomorrow... hopefully a good day outside!!
Seeing tonight at cedarville with Jos. Taking me back to my days at Crossroads In SC.
“: Basketball is an art.”
omg, why!!?? lol shes so sweet and she always give 100% in her performances!
Let's kill this aural skills final.
Good question! Message me your address and KBone's!
the drums have some good songs!
Wow... Initial estimates may have us doubling our revenues for Garden Tour over last year. This means more community grants!
well I love me some Henrik, but yes on Holtby. ;) Great goalie performanes on both ends of the ice in this one
A name make no matter for me
Janet Jackson's nutrisystem commercial should say: "This is what lollipop head looks like!"
Yeah. I would feel ALOT worse if I did that.
Finally saw and it was REALLY good. Fincher did a great job.
Pick Up The Phone
Dude, I'm related to Marie Antoinette ! Let Them Have Cake!
Newt with a walk-off home run
#lasvegastours introducing new tours for 2012! Super fun tours from Las Vegas. Death Valley, Zion, Grand Canyon, Monument Valley and more!
This dude is seriously not speaking to me anymore, lol! Really?
Why does the vampire clean its teeth three times a day? To prevent bat-breath... ha-ha!
1. Nothing in HOUR 3200 requires you to get any health insurance from govt; so it's not mandatory.
I could have gone out but I stayed home and studied i'm proud of myself
I'm not even gonna argue anymore.
I fell asleep with a bag of ice on my bed, now its all over my bed but in water form.
No little stupid pointless arguments that leads to no wear with my mom 👌
Really happy we got a mud balloon thrown at us
Looking forward to topless kickball at comfest Saturday. Raise your glass (or shirt) if you're playin! C
thank you! Happy Thanksgiving to you.
But this doesn’t mean that you should immediately start running marathons and drop your diet to 1200 calories
can I have your next theme tune as my blackberry ringtone? ☺
Martin has been swinning at the first pitch lately too much.
And another one breaks my heart yet once again why God
One of my screenplays may have found its way into the right hands.
i am going with my friends 2day:))
crud just got this...sorry! in mtgs all day :( -CV
To avoid fraud holds, credit card co wants me to notify them every time I travel. Offered them access to my feed. Not interested...
I got tipped in grilled cheese. Did I karaoke last night? Still drunk.
Ugh so nervous!!!!!! Hope all goes well on tonight!!!!
barfs of love homie!
Have a wonderful evening! Because life is a gift ...
RT We've had bad luck with our kids - they've all grown up. ~Christopher Morley
Good morning world!! Enjoy every minute of your day!!
much going on. postcards, new website on the way, rehearsal with jay rogers tonight. my stomach is "aflutter"
okay let me know when you do lol
you're getting good at this! I'm jealous. Hurry up and schedule another
Hey Michelle, I think we're even more excited :)
be there about 8
The mind is everything; what you think, you become -Gautama Buddha
price change is going to drive customers away.... count me on that list
Driving on Hillsboro is consistently a headache
6 beers, 2 burgers, and a basket of chili fries for $18. I feel like a thief...!
RIDICULOUS. At least with the way he's pacing I at least have five minutes remaining to be more
of course! I am a huge fan of ACE
Thanks Heather! A lot of people unfortunately received a weird DM from me...
haha that was so funny almost as funny as you losing "Ella"
i mean if you tryna hook a sista up with a snapback ill think about it hahahaha. but i dont know if i wanna join yall
lots of nice posts tonight thanks
A while back I started a story on vacancies at malls. Met w/ FV's PR lady & she gave high traffic # and $ spent as well.
Departure gate at AMS, heading back to Seattle. Thanks #ogdcamp'ers, it was a blast (and I learned a lot too)!
So ready to go!!!!
I went 3 1/2 years and just spent the time working on myself and building better relationships with family and friends.
Thanks to Emily Grace for having me on her Live Your Dream Telesummit this a.m. & for giving me the opportunity to connect w/new people.
So excited to be teaching a Bible Study class at Join us as we talk about The Confident Woman!
NPR Bestsellers: Hardcover Nonfiction, Week Of May 3, 2012
Thanks for posting the info!
Learning to do self-check when feeling stubborn. I struggle w/ control & unrealistic expectations. Good thing #God is bigger than my issues!
Ugghh is making me wear a cardigan, dark blue jeans, & flip flops tomorrow -_____- #girlyfortheday ._.
Sam Upshaw sighting!
Judge Ripple's 3 word advice to #appellatelawyers: "Stay on message."
I wish everyone had a supportive supervisor like I do.
RT : UPDATE: Today's Nate Silver lecture will now start at 5:30 Apologies for the change.
was looking like a #superhero today on
Needs someone to hangout with..
Oh here's something. Meet the Linguists was last night. So many people played themselves, it's almost embarrassing. Thank God not me though.
“Some stories don’t have a clear beginning, middle or end
People have been trying to find ways to stop Rush Limbaugh for years, but in one day he hung himself by his own petard.
that painting is called "The Screamer" and he did live in the woods
happy Mothers Day babe<33 love you too !!
Yay for sleep! :)
Shout out to the beautiful
Won a book at the gadgets and gizmos event at #il2011 How about that...
Your icon *__*
Wish I had a twin so she could get me a glass of water right now....
ya now she's eating Carmel!!
And many more ;-) RT Genuine, appreciative, loving, sexy, good-hearted are some attributes #Cancer's have to offer.
not true. If he gets INT next year and takes to house in big game. America is a forgiving nation.
Train sucks live!
Coming up: Our weekly book review and making a happier life. Stay tuned.
Intermission interview has spoiler alerts!
Great start to summer with my bros.
I just can't deal with all that right now, it's too much 😁
This is what baseball is about. This is what is awesome about being a fan.
your driver is downstairs. He is having trouble reaching you via your cell. Hope you enjoy your meal. Go Browns!
Favorite overhead conversation in India
2 weeks+ since RAAM, I'm noticing that my blood sugar control is still very tight! Anywho, am I the only one that hates TdF rest days
get ur L's
Good morning! I have a question for you this morning. What memory does the gifts you give create? Memorable or forgettable?
I calculated wrong, it's 6X more
it's on...I'm not pregnant ne more! Lol
Im drinking lemonade and i sniffed it trying to sniff it and i couldn't
Cuz I got a controller that actually works x)
Slash playing paradise city at the Rock Am Ring in 2010. The best study music.
William Levitt: "No man who has a house and lot can be a Communist. He has too much to do." Yikes and Eww.
25% of the sweet 16 teams are from Ohio.
WNST1570: Tomorrow at 10:25a, we'll chat w Towson University Head Football coach Rob Ambrose. His Tigers have a big week ahead. Tune in!
You know what would make this day ICONic if nick would follow me :)
Super training session with the Sac Footy crew, home for a quick shower and feed and now off to Zebra Club to farewell a friend!!
If you RT this, I'll send you a 100 cereal boxes haha ;)
Pizza rolls with ranch. #yummy 👍
- Toure, thank you for the work you are doing and for your honesty and eloquence. It is truly valued & appreciated.
Watching the draft just makes me want football season to hurry up!
This that "I wanna go to the park" weather
It's super-icky outside, my friends, but we're still here for ya. Fresh coffee, donuts, and whatever else you need. Stay warm and be safe!
I am not naming a dog sparkles!!!
"pacifico beer" >>O.E.
Comments are welcome :)
Waiting for my P90X to arrive... will tweet out progress as I go for anyone who's interested
Does anyone know of of a place in San Diego that offers cooking classes for kids & Mom's?
hey, just following cool peeps. would love if you could return the favor :)
i have my own style but i never get to express or show it because people are always buying clothes for me I need to buy clothes myself.
soo can we hang before we get crazy busy spring quarter?
its so shocking it will almost def create a sea change in how the game is played
I feel like I'm in the wrong decade! #80sFever!
Zimmerman is obviously hiding in the same bunker Hitler used.
Attending a 2-day bootcamp at Constant Contact. Starts tomorrow.
thanks for the S/O
of course you do! who among us does not? Is your middle name cheese?
“: Drinking wine at the #SanAntonioWinery in downtown Los Angeles.. Getting my wine drinking on... =)” Ah, that sounds great!
I've "blocked" a few followers. Is there a list I can check on my page to assure myself that certain people no longer have access?
Hear that, ? You are not alone! RT : You say "I have 8 players in my D&D game" and I hear "I hate myself."
Stuck outside ben tryna get n since 12 boah I swear
We lost, I lost I lost my everthing
Pumpkins, candles, lights are purchased. Tomorrow I decorate for a weekend of ghost stories, visit www.storytellingarts.org for more details
can i watch it spit
let's tweet to people without puttin their names in it nd maybe people will figure out who I'm talkin about. this is directed towards no one
Yaay for Buffet rule passing!
vibe! vibe! vibe! girl u got that vibe.
Wonder if our team member has arrived in the US yet? We are missing you at the #Xerox social media cafe
Always amazed by your poetry good sir. Nobody looks at the Queen!
haha that's funny, I'm just happy they aren't "America's Team" anymore, Giants all the way!
Food is an important part of a balanced diet
Thanks for following. Looking forward to your tweets!
#FF shoutout to my new followers/fellow artists
I called this! Yay for Meryl Streep. Do not reward poor acting and bad behavior! I love Viola Davis but this role was not the one!
The team is on break until 2012, when you can expect some great new features and a better user experience on Happy holidays, all!
I bet someone gets dumped today
Hi Tweeples, #TGIF. Had a great week: busy & productive. Hope you enjoyed the same. Let's finish that
I am SO in love with you ladies! We have a BLAST together! I think we are the Triumvirate of Fun!!!
Flavors of the week Valentine's Day Cake and Chocolate Covered Strawberries!
You can't have everything at once. Be smart enough to recognize what you have.
My version of #FatTuesday is trying new food with good friends. Cajun seasoning is a plus
It is pretty intense...even for a medical show lol
I like the part where you buy one thing from Urban Outfitters and get three emails a day for the rest of your life.
to be honest I almost want to throw up. I cannot imagine the horrors we suffered under the whip.
People who make every day special U rock
shut up. That was you 😡
BY ANY CHANCE DID U BLOCK
*smiles*as thank you for telling me. this is quite some news. Wow
The sand can contain gross things that can penetrate your feet without your knowledge. The chances ate slim, but it's possible.
Huh. Target's coupon print agreement license doesn't haven an "I agree" button so I can actually print the coupons.
someone who gets me!
great game! Your a beast glad to have you on the nuggets squad!
