That was DANK.
loved it! Second half was super fun!
i mite slide Want some more ink
Oh, mom. "I enjoyed today even though you all made me feel horrible at midday."
Our happy hour just ended, but our sister bar has it going on until 8:00PM
Moneybags McGee
Life's to short to even care at all. Woah oh.
no NBA ON THANKGIVING DAY I SAY THESE NIGGAS IS GREEDY
my dream consisted of zombies&werewolves. I was also dreaming about the lion king scene where mufasa was going to die but I saved him :,)
Chicken Parmesan Is My Favorite
keep eating!
What are you going to do to stay fit this week?
Hah, just put on the #nyr vs #wsh game & the rangers immediately score.
Thanks Susan
Dex: If Cinderella's shoe fit perfectly then how did it fall off in the first place? Me: Good Question....
#MikeLupica is so full of shit. On sports reporters in Dec., he said Braun's camp leaked the positive test result. Where's the proof?
Wait -- totally random: How much longer are you in Chicago?
Happy Easter! Or Passover, or whatever you believe in... Embrace that you need to be back to life again. :)
what is the perfect location?
thanks for the retweet. Would really love to have the chance to chat again. We're working really, really hard.
I Followed Please Follow mee!! [:
wait, are you at my house? And why are my kids calling you 'mama'?
What she said -> excited for who is going to kick some 5k booty tomorrow. Can't wait to hear about your PR girl!
once you follow me too HAHA XD don't worry i'll follow you, just tweet me xx
Happy Birthday!! :) xx
I'm all set up and ready or business at the Indy Christmas Gift and Hobby Show today-Sun. Save $50 on your ezWalker Performance Insole!...
Finally visited new American wing at only to be technologically owned by a little girl. Still love the period room touch screens!
#blocSTAR RT : It still trips me out that people ask for my autograph.
Every time I get a new follower on Instagram, I be like "who this, how they even, seriously?"...
Welcome and to #AlliClass!
Follow along tonight #JCSwithBAO #SUinNYCTheater for tweets during talk back w/ cast of Jesus Christ Superstar starring a alum!
hey punk I miss you! Why am I cutt off again???
Rise & Grind! That is all.
Rise and grind....you know i am on it
xD I'm sorry lol, you'll get food eventually
RT : ! RT : Zeng Jinyan just told me Chen called her asking outsiders' help, said he wanted whole family to leave PRC
lol Are u tryin to say on twitter that you let me win???
Things I want to do tonight: Go see The Maine. Things I won't do tonight: Go see The Maine.
Hey hope all of you had a wonderful weekend
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger <3
waldo is
Black out. My laptop and my phone need charging.
Has anyone ever eaten at "Boutique Eat Shop" in Manhattan? is it expensive?
Good Morning all, its dark and wet, but it still has the potential to be a beautiful day!
I seriously can't wait for #TurnToYou !!!!!! ;) it WILL be #1 on iTunes :) <3 RT
lol go to sleep
U know the truth, when u have a pit in your stomach. That just won't go away.
We go on around 8 everybody! Be there :)
we should be open within a couple weeks!
Be ashamed of yourself Brian Kelly your a complete joke take your so called talents back to Cincinnati
Physical training is good, but training for godliness is much better, promising benefits in this life and in the life to come. ~Timothy 4;8~
My grandma died tonight. I will always miss you, oma :/ you were the best grandma in the world.
I thought was him!
Thanks so much for the follow!
Tht #Heat game affected my whole mood
Why am I surprised every time my bf said he did something athletic?
Looking forward to some great auditions.
get money
iPod on random means sets of 1960's one-hits, Ke$ha bubblepop, DJ Shadow in the 90's...and easily the Animaniacs soundtrack next.
Congrats to for becoming our 250th follower! <3
oh I'm sure he NOTICES. I mean, CMON. LBJ's HAIRLINE has it's own twitter LOL
ML: Evangelicals don't see themselves as a conserving influence. They see themselves as reformers
Alright, , I was wondering if this was a subject, today
Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good.
#Giants reliever Guillermo Mota is suspended 100 games for violating MLB's drug policy.
I'm here for the weekend but I go back to GA today. ill be moving here on the 15th
All I need is for these next few weeks to go by quickly. I'm ready to start the new chapter in my life.
hahaha:) i think ur the only person who noticed that tweet!
#BestLeapEver is seeing my tweet on espn2, haha, love the channel and your show is fantastic!!!
congrats Rob, I have really enjoyed following your training. Enjoy those cookies, I only get to eat carrots the whole week
Listening to Gabe Zichermann at Winning Strategies
luckily for my head, I'm on the shady side of the hotel!
Do you share your signature meal with Ava?
yeah they have some fuckin problems!
Great seeing tonight ! Get ready Denver for #DrinkLocal!
thanks so much! I hope the room is in Paris.
hi out there I'm Bord i need someone to talk to. anybody talk to me.
No, but it is a bit tricky to overlay task management on top of data entry
R.I.P. MCA of the Beastie Boys
/40 yrs go by with someone laying in your bed...40 yrs of things you say you wished you'd never said/
I'm getting a true Dose of Disneyland in one week! WILL MAKE NEXT WEEK EPIC!
Jut got my copy of #chopsticks in the mail, yes! So far I'm loving it!
Rain is the best cuddle weather C(^_^C)
crunch time.. will i make it? #don'tknow
kind of a bummer of a day...our womens hockey team lost in national championship game...to the Gophers. Still a great season!!
is gross! talking about dropping her nasty farts and shits!
O! We want to hear: Submit your language love stories to !
thx to the motivation of every season of the biggest loser and you I've lost 27lbs
": #nowplaying Payphone - Maroon 5" I LOVE THAT SONG :D I love you guys too :D
We're recruiting candidates for an Accounting position in the Downtown area. For details, call us @ 414-272-4544 or apply !
hey #chicago go check out the moon... it's orange!
Your emotions are the most present-centred thing you have.
It is true though. He really just isn't real.
You're in the mood for a burger, aren't you? Come by and have one of our scrumptious creations. McDonald's ain't got nothin' on us...
Was talking to a neighbor at the front of my house and Kimi came up to get rubs and give head butts.
I got a castle in County Steve you can use whenever you want.
compared to how you normally talk.
#np Drake ft. Rick Ross-Lord Knows
planning my move into the new place. where will I put all my books and stuff without any furniture?
The last reason to buy a Ford is now dead. RIP Carroll Shelby.
RT : #Cancers love to be naked or half naked in their homes.
NICE. took a growler of the pale on Tuesday. Bestplace in
Sweet Frog for lunch..peach and strawberry was good
PR lesson of the week, #mombloggers are the nicest!
It was good! I love it here! Bummed I missed the earthquake on the east coast though.
Twitter definitely makes it more interesting!
Looking to start reading #Google book "zero moment of truth". Good or bad read?
i'm in wal-mart
you are blaming the victim. I am a college graduate and if I follow your logic by wearing my school hoodie makes me a target
yeah twitter is pretty awesome
you really need to turn up the bass and turn down the hype man
RT RACO 2010 will be held Wednesday May 12, 2010 at the Ronald Reagan building in Washington, DC. Save the date!
No one kill me anytime soon because I don't want to die as a coward.
I can't wait to see your adorable face on my tv! It's recorded :D
No joke! She'll probably LOOK at a cinnamon roll and gain the 20lbs. back. Pfffft.
Cool man! We should have one coming out soon - will definitely keep you posted!
youl if I can get on both of those spots
How Many Storage Vendors Should You Have?
People who complain over stupid stuff <<<
Gonna be a beautiful day (and evening) in Houston...come out this evening and have some fun. Zuma Fun Center is open from 4-8p.m.
. watching #TheWay on Netflix! Everyone should see this film!
: Thanks for checking brunch out, what did you think of the sandwich?
Thanks! #gratitude ": Hey girlie girl, congrats on your new job, that's so exciting!"
Mormon Church announces plans to posthumously baptize Mitt Romney's presidential campaign.
Get 50% off your custom nutrition plan plus a discount on AMAZING muscle gain and weight loss supplements. LeonFitness.com for more info!!
Become a great producer/engineer. Thank you for your inspiration!
RT : Sunday – Service Industry Night •%30 off for all service industry workers
11 RT : What time does the gala end on Saturday?
Oh my I have a 100 followers now. Yay for me.
Terry Porter RT : 15 secs left in the game and tied at 91. Which Blazer you want with the ball?
Think I might watch Re-Animator today in celebration of Easter. What, too soon?
I don't remember giving a fuck.
Feelin like a proud mama! My three year old just picked a plum over fruit snacks!!!
I don't understand how people can have sex with someone just to have sex, not because they love them. It boggles my mind
Don't forget the stickers and temporary tattoos
Guessing Manning and Tebow were supposed to be there. Two high profile departures in the last couple weeks.
How does Chris Brown have a career? Ugh, I don't get 'pop'.
We are so close to turning the corner. We just need to correct a few little details. My kids play hard and compete!
BSF class starts tonight--studying Gospel of John.
Noel, Poythress, Goodwin, and Cauley are all great additions but people are forgetting about Ryan Harrow being eligible next year too!
#DontCare If u hate me
Never say goodbye because, saying goodbye means going away , and going away means forgetting. ~ Peter Pan <3
FB RT: Tamara Evans is now the offical owner of a Masters in Library & Information Studies. HOORAY & congrats Tamara!
hey man wuts up
Come visit the Main Library every Thursday in February at 10:10am or 11am for Whistlestop Storytime. For more information call 282-4607.
my brother did just pee off the balcony ..
First time at the shake shack. Inhaled my burger in 2 minutes.
I'm like a bird is the ultimate anthem.
GOOD MORNING MY TWEETY PIES MWAH!!!
There is no sight on earth more appealing than the sight of a woman making dinner for someone she loves.
I need to go to the mall
I know. Text me back fool :)
Seahawks just became my 2nd favorite NFL team.
Hung out with everyday this break and it still hasnt seemed like enough!
that's well put: but the thing is that even in OWS I get very little sense of that except from a minority of people
Thanks for the connection.
The sandwiches have looked home/hotel-made! #Archives: Where hunger for history & lunchtime frugality go hand in hand.
Do not dwell in the past. Do not dream of the future. Concentrate the mind on the present moment - Siddhartha Buddha
I hope my westlake buddies are coming to the meet on saturday lol...i hope they bring me food too
Quiet, non-talkative baristas make me sad. You work in coffee, damnit, be perky! I like my baristas like my twee-pop: overwhelmingly happy!
yep im ready :-)
I have been waiting for you could tweet me but you did not tweet me I feel :(
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo follow your first thought.
im so cold ehhh
Big Fan Much #RESPECT!!!!
You've had so many cute profile pic changes lately. Like you're a spring bud, blooming a bit more daily.
25% off your whole order for those who want to grab gear tonight or tomorrow. RT and I'll DM you the code.
I could do this forever...
I'm not quite sure how that would turn out but it'll probably keep you entertained any way it goes haha
Jade's 1st Birthday party is today ! Aww my baby is growing up so fast
Yeah. Well, I got it at midnight on the 17th. Then the next day I convinced my mom to let me stay home from school so
Happy #Easter to all!
your welcome! love you too:)
Love you 2
Turkey RIP
We'll be taking questions by tweet all day! Tell us about your opinions, predictions, and ideas in regards to the
Been told "Don't worry about [est. $25 billion] Texas budget shortfall".
At #nielsenduke is suggesting that senior researchers should do the more risky things because younger scholars can't take risks.
you said that after the FG
send me some waffles, bitch 🙏
awesome thanks!
Good Morning! It's Friday! What a Fantastic week! What are your plans for the weekend? We have the Werst Halloween Party tomorrow!
is everyone ready for tebow time today Go broncos!!!!
Are you watching it? I think it's hilarious! I'm down to go take a visit haha
Greensboro , NC!! We are performing tonight at the Greene Street Club!! Doors at 5!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people are constantly tweeting about how high they are
haha. I like your office!
And Diaz severely misplayed a ball in right, where Heyward should be.
May god judge you harshly for your bigotry
As a teacher, Rob has used #Evernote to document and assess student learning and progress. Then he discusses with student.
Thanks for the follow Can I have your Twitter handle?
Gaaaah, why are some guys so Damn thirsty!
A white person told me she couldn't understand what I was saying becuz I had a "black accent"...wtf!!???0_o
just wanted to make sure we were hearing the same rumors
Deus Ex Machina => Literally God from a machine, describes a miraculous or fortuitous turn of events in a work of fiction
Goldsmith's First Contact score was pretty awesome too. Insurrection and especially Nemesis by contrast blew chunks.
between hurricane and harbor as both claim to save her.
was it Lawrie or Gamel? Or both?
"You got people that's around you, they gone try they best to down you. Keep them squares up out your circle!"
Wheels down for A final #B1G road record of 6-3 is a great accomplishment. Huge team effort today against OSU!
Tequila shot howdy Slange ladies!
Damn. Can't see SUPERMOON from balcony in Coconut Grove. Could someone come over and rotate my condo!?!?
How the hell am I supposed to fit this family size lasagna into my kid's easy bake oven?
Thanks for the love, all! Didn't make it this time but had such a blast! :)
Thanks for the shoutout!
cool, thanks! a few people recommended them...made an apt for Friday :)
I just saw someone using a pay phone. That's weird, right?
I like it like that
nope :( have you ?
Couldn't do it without awesomeness of and RT : I think the branding on is beautiful!
Q5 Pinterest is the visual story teller! It's a #socialPR #branding and #SEO opportunity
going to the doctor. again. damn i hate being sick.
You're a daisy if you do!
hi how r u doing can u add me on facebook
Tyler The Creator is perfect for Punkd
People still wait to go out on friday nights?
I do what I want
How to make it a GREAT day ~ "To be successful, you have to be able to relate to people; they have to be satisfied with your personality to…
wait. What. You're joking.
lmaooooo this is why we get along, your so random,
yeah my brother buildt me a pc
attention all real (street) niggas be at erotic tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Playing draw something(:
Considering NL pitchers bat all the time, inter league play, and the WS for that matter, only favors #A (aka NL).
I'll join the chorus: "The Band" (the album) changed my view of music forever. God bless you, Levon Helm.
Tomorrow it may change
I know I should go and see 1900 at the New Beverly, but I just don't know if I'm up for a 5-hour movie.
It's okay. Not at all, I dont have any time until this weekend... finals and Encore! on Friday.
SCORE. No Leia-buns for me!
What a nice day! Spend it with the gf maybe?
worst nap of my life..
Never. We love when people talk to us hahaha
- Would you be interested in speaking at the 2009 Engagement and Experience Expo, it seems to be a good fit for u?
I would have said influx but technically I think that's golden hill.
that's what my neighbors keep telling me.
Have to respect what he's done RT : Rick Pitino is the best coach in college basketball hands down ..
My wife is leaving for a business trip on Sunday. She has, coincidentally, increased our renters' insurance.
All that was missing was some hot tea to get me going. The coffee just didn't do it. ;)
Twitter suggests people follow me, so they do. They read my tweets. When the butler wakes them with smelling salts, they unfollow
I'm using Everybody Needs a Rock - Byrd Baylor
Lol Im Bout To Carry This Cause Im Mad .
Time for a little Saturday early afternoon Mozart. Followed by an afternoon run to new tunes. And then live
Good grief! That's crazy. Glad you guys are okay.
I'm honored
yummy! Extra spicy please
Is there a hip-hop spoken word show tonight at 8?
Me asking you to leave wasn't telling you how angry I am.. Are you sure you wanna explanation!? Anything good isn't coming out of this!!
There is a lot going on in just the synopsis of your book. You should add some cow bell though.
Is that what geniuses do? I just carry them around in my head until they're ready to come out. It's how I've always worked.
O a birthday tweet I love it
you are the nicest person I know so you deserve it (:
Great call today with & ; forming a power-packed group of entrepreneurs and process folks. Watch for this to build
“: Shout out to my man for helping me out today. #rivercitiesfinest”. BEER-LEIVE IT!!!
I know n it sux!
The Pacer's suck smfh lol
Rolen had made Votto a much better 1st baseman
your really ganna go there with me right now ?! SaNanay hold my shit ! c;
Thanks for the RT! If only all teachers were more like cartoon characters.
YES! My day has been made! c:
Waiting for the other shoe to drop with this weather thjng. I have a feeling it's still coming.
Subtle of Google to put a "Disable Buzz" link right underneath their copyright and Terms & Privacy in Gmail's footer. Don't mind if I do.
#ohyoudidntknow If yu can't change the people around you, change the people around you..
That's a worthwhile motto for life and hot chocolate. RT : It never hurts to stop & enjoy.
Harry Potter soundtrack pandora & a cup of British Tea imported by now time to tackle some math homework.
Her gimmick is AWESOME!!! And she's freakin GREAT as a heel.
lol i'm good
Officially quit my job 
Neva knew tracey beaker was in the film alien lol omg its just like her but, old
I've met with Lynn a few times. I'll have it fully ready for you by the end of the month :)
#NW Dead Presidents
Our local shelters are & haven't been taking in cats.In turn,people are dropping them off everywhere
Happy Mothers Day!<3
sexy picture.
my friend wants to do a song with you, doesn't know where to start in the 1st place.. Got any tips?
Good lunch. I should have warned you about getting me going on the tech meet up or API's. :)
I hope you appreciated these shoulders last night....today ive been in constant pain :) had a freaking blast though!!!
" Powerful...Detailed and revelatory investigative reporting." Booklist says of #SILENCEOFMOCKINGBIRDS A memoir of a murder.
: xoxoxo. See you at Art Bar later (probably).
200 pounds of live crawfish! Time to get our boil on!
just ok ??
Like our first-born??
no but Kemp on the DL let me activate Morneau. Not that it helps in the OF lol
yes I'm in the entertainment industry and have been for 35 years. Are you looking for a label?
The little asshole on the street sold me an ice cold, uncooked hot dog. I went back and threw it in his face & demanded a new one
Eating fresh right now
I'm sold!
Hope everyone enjoyed the holiday weekend!
any idea why US achievements aren't showing up? I'm still at 0% after completing Act 1 last night! Thought it was slow, but no..
The tongue has the power of life and death
Happy Memorial Day!
fuck this shit adam damn mathai was my favorite
Uuuuughh this morning came much too soon.
Very sad to learn that #Pete Fornatale has died. He will be missed-especially on Saturday evenings. Thank you for all of the years of music
tweeting while i pee, what's up?
Ok weather lets get this show on the road
Congrats ! Would love 2 invite U 2 #BabyBashBling w/mommy fashionista in #DC 5/19!
that's great! may i introduce you to my slushpile of psych ed research projects in various stages of completion??
So... It is October 28th. Where the Hell is #iTunes Match, ?
Marry me, today and everyday.
Goodnight . Can't stay awake .
Looks awesome! Sadly I'm at Stanford :( But I've signed up for the group now! Have a good one!
: Sweet! Cannot wait to see all the fun and shenanigans next week!
best of best worlds! choice numba two ;)
Megan Fox sexy. Lol.
Obama Signs NDAA Martial Law....WTF?
Who has red nails for #valentinesday ?
I have been drummer number two next to the great since highschool. This man can fucking PLAY
follow me bro
[Woops. Sorry for the lack of updates, but I had 3 hour long midterm!] SFR's Twitter is back, starting... NOW.
Don worry, it will work soon! At least you tried and I am REALLY Appreciated！
No :( I'm Doing English Hw
I'm a long-haired/big-bearded/vegan musician/comedy podcaster/writer in L.A. working in TV. Don't be shocked my politics lean left.
Looking forward to playing a round sometime
that movie was really say 
Simply Sergio was simply hysterical!
Politians suck..so tired of all of them..
When I opened my eyes again my soul was happy to see this revolution of young women taking pride in the uniqueness of their curly hair.
Alright treat me good today monday
Fitbit has changed my life: no joke. Down nearly 20 since New Years. I walk daily and hike at least once a week.
So sad to hear the news about Whitney Houston. "I wanna dance with somebody" was rockin in my house for years.
Just spent about 4 hours straight playing Tribes Ascend... damn, I love this game...
haha that's what I was thinking! I found it in my house and my mom let me keep it because she knows I don't drink.
yea no more sucky Time Warner!!!!
if it works let me know
Getting excited for IBS next month... will I see you there?
Thank you! :)
I love yall, but I'm gonna start putting folks on the clock and start charging a fee for my services! LOL But it's done out of love!
how have you been?
why not?
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families, friend and to the teachers of Chardon High School.
◊ OK 1 comment. If Braun was guilty I'd forgive him & move on.
People don't change.. they either become more.. or less.. of who they always were!
Good morning world
congrats on the new walker.org, very fresh, exciting!
ah temptations! thats gotta be tough. i live with the bf, who is also paleo, so it helps a lot + i love to cook!
You aint ready sis....call me after bible study
Reminds me of kids pooing in the bath. Must be something cozy about dropping a deuce in warm water.
Have i not taught you anything. Walmart=Evil!
I still haven't heard shooting mentioned @ 7 mile & 94. But did hear about 5 vehicles & semi involved
but of course!
LOL! You're a mess
Galatians 5:24 And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.
yes we do. We are the best!
it's a song!!! Haha
LOL used to do that all the time.
I will be in Chicago in July!! :) Ava we both know how much you want to come to FL ;) xx
Mike Kerr has a trusty calendar on his computer!
Have you ever tried using antengo to post horses for sale? Could be interesting...
I am a loyal customer for 10 years plus, can you PLEASE take the filter off my service that slows me down?? Please!!
Prince Royce wishes to do a duet with shakira and he prefers hamburgers than salad :-) true fact
I'm on your level with that one
haha. Just dinner. A movie actually would've made it better lol
: Definitely the The Goonies and Back To The Future.
aw haha its okay
yeah I didn't mean you(: your an exception haha!
If assholes could fly, this place would be an airport.
idk what to wear
Looking for your next BIG challenge? Are you a Dev. Manager, Sr. Dev. Manager, Dir. of Dev.? Then I have that next BIG challenge for you. …
I would've started watching Boardwalk Empire sooner if I knew Michael Pitt was on it. I've had a crush on him since I was 11.
Pretty fly for a white guy. Offspring. I'm going harder than the opposite of soft things. Holla once the hook for TC is done!
Bout to go in the heat and cut some grazz
so good!
Im good, and yourself?
I'm in the market for a digital camera - good quality w/out breaking the bank. Any suggestions?
You the boss, you you you the boss babe. (;
I don't give my address to civilians. Sorry sweetie.
Yes you do. Get on it homie. :)
I just played a 118 point word in Words With Friends. It's a good day.
that's insane. I thought she was like, an 8.
So local Red Cross has Twitter, and uses it to say things like "Deploying supplies for 75 to disaster scene, lulz!" Good use of funds, dudes
Adam Jones
nope. I don't. Don't believe in them. ;-)
To my beautiful pug Otis up in heaven now...Mommy loves you forever and ever. Have fun up there...tear it up. I miss you so much already.
I want that prize.
Very true, there is! Best wishes in your future. If you ever want to discuss networking I'm happy to share also.
A windy #FF for our beloved and his tweeps:
That's awesome. Happy Holidays fellow jingle elf!
:) just rebathed my son cuz he decided he was going to do #2 twice.lol
Regina Police looking for BB gun perpetrator - News Talk 980 CJME
Blade runner is the most overrated film of all time
Early voting today for voters with religious concerns Call 202 714-3368. RT :
A lot of problems in the world would disappear if we talk to each other instead of about each other.
It's always darkest before the dawn
ALL W$R FANS&FRIENDS SHOULD GO LIKE The Kymatica
- what shoes?
I have internet after 21 days without it!
Lol I was thinking that.
Woodall Rodgers Park Project thinking outside the box (above the freeway.) A touch of modern europe...cafes that make regulars out of us
I thought it was epic. Will go down with Madonna's VMA "Like a Virgin"
I can quit anytime I want!
The older I get, I'm either becoming more of a blatant asshole or my friends & family are since they're blatantly calling me one now.
Great child acting, right? Definitely a GOONIES feel to it. RT : "SUPER 8 was ok... 1950s by way of 1980s by way of 2011?"
Welcome to my Fenway old-people nightmare, haters.
"Offbeat types" audition today. Was next to a guy with 2 foot long scraggly hair & cooties. He looked like Cousin It from the Addams Family.
Tired of actors with music hobbies insisting they are serious musicians. I'm looking at you BillyDudeRobbins.
today is gunna suck!
Already at 40,000 ft before I discovered chilis too made me a quesadilla with no cheese
I've never been more proud of anyone as I am of They're so incredibly talented & hardworking.. they deserve the entire world.
The sweet spot is where success and satisfaction merge. #CurefortheCommonLIfe = great read for small biz owners/entrepreneurs.
I still get down to Someday Came Suddenly.
That awkward moment when you go to the full bathroom in school, and it's so quiet you can hear EVERYTHING
I love running pick and pops for Monta. Brandon is also really good at getting to the rim if you run picks with Gooden.
I loved the Wizarding World, but we didn't get a mug! What was I thinking....
If your lawyer has a ponytail you're going to prison
Tweet me numbers :)
- "Man arrested trying to solicit a woman and child for sex." This is further evidence of the deterioration of Western Civilization.
Had to buy halloween candy again, even though we've had no trick or treaters yet. I was talked out of giving Sriracha.
Fuck the #ChicagoBears Organization for reporting that they have their QB and sticking with Caleb Hennie when in #playoff position
started this playoff beard, but gotta tell ya, five days in and not sure I want to go the distance.
oh well, now I gotta go get everything for today.. gonna be a long day
The previous Twitter home for #kiddori was - the home of tech tweets.
Wow! thanks to all my followers! I will do the same for you. I love to talk music, success, be sure to give you guys lots of tips!!
Although I do regret how incredibly unhealthy it must be
Any good jokes anyone?
RT : This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
#bayarea #talent #agencies: Shastic's got the talent! check it out! www.shastic.com
1st-Mcgahee>Bush.MIA has no shut down CB. DEN WR corps kills MIA. DEN has better Oline. U go 2 MIA to play at beach not win SBs
Austin Mahone... #SaySomething awkward moment when the songs playing on the beach and we're looking into each others eyes... yippie.
Yes, "smart people" talk about pig snouts in hot dogs.
hey go girl lol girls day to get pretty?????
who's fucking with you?
no problem at all! Good luck! #earthday 2012
I hate everything. I hate emotions.
By holding onto the past, you're damaging your future
We play in Midland , TX tomorrow w/ Such Gold and No Bragging Rights @ The Pine Box! Doors at 7:30!
Week 8: BYE
Burying your cat is not a fun way to start the day...
Suprisingly very few! Maybe I should make the questions easier next time... lol :-P
In the car wit@ jolanajordan nd the gf bout to spark it up
has 12,509 followers now!!!. video chat soon!!:)
am I the only one who hasn't seen "Weapons"? This movie playing all the H-town classics
Would like to thank my roommate for dressing me like a prostitute before this date tonight. You're welcome dc.
If karma doesn't knock you out soon, I f*ckin will!!
thanks for the follow back! Happy new year as well!!
What's strange is that reminds me so much of the Xbox Live version of Uno. Uh, with slightly more tentacles. Just slightly.
mission accomplished! Thanks!
The data diffs alone will expose the mutability of "factual" assertions. Also, dat API.
Besides, they get absorbed so rapidly by your body, that you quickly end up feeling hungry again, and at the end of the day, you overeat
And I can't find food. Bleh
My prayer for you today; that you would live to know Him better.
aww, thanks! want to try and hang out sometime in June?
thanks, lee! When is ur next gig??
On my way to church then going to a basketball game.. yee Oh Happy Birthday to my friend Kayla!!!&& nd ill see yall laterz. Dueces! :P
For #NorwegianBachelorComicBookOwners? >RT Of course the comic book shop in St Paul, MN is named Uncle Sven's.
Don't Forget Check Out My Fan Page And Click LIKE - BAM!!!!!
ugh, no. don't say hi then not reply.
Scanner Monitor: Alameda and Sable Injury Accident.
But really My ♥ beats for ME!
haha hell yea
Me :) RT : Who else is excited about the Tweetup at #mlanet12?
Wishing some team had hired Mangini this season so #Browns could trade all his mediocre players to his new team a la New York
I need active street team members for Tweet me - include your state.
Hm...That's where we're at (looking around sheepishly...)
Some people just don't get it
Do not underestimate the power of a business referral!
so with it. U guys got the kkb spot out there?
I have written a letter haha, but as this in Spanish, not would understand :(. I love u so much Christian♥ .
the problem is espn has no problem sitting on child molestation. Thatrs the problem. I hate the the media can't take scrutiny
hahahaha that is awesome!
he's going to 100 percent be a part..he named it ha..elan is thee dude
SEEN YOUR PERFORMANCE SHOW YOU ROCKED IT GOOD JOB
what's the project?
Wow. Didn't realize #Raiders 3rd rounder was literally the last pick of the 3rd round
Men are more insecure than women these days! Fellas please get your ego up. Grown men do not wear insecurity well it's just not sexy.
Your neighbors have no respect for property. Or your garbage man is incompetent.
is making me get no sleep waiting for this questionn
Leak that shut down #SanOnofre in Jan has developed into a big problem for So. Cal. Edison. We'll speak to reps from the utility and NRC.
it's always good to hear the other view in a demographic society, right?
just banged mu leg up in the accident, had to wall with a cane for a couple of weeks
And when they think we are assholes for not taking their BS anymore, the get upset!
so true
thanks for the awesome comment and retweet, buddy!
Drama. Lies. Tears. Cheers to the teenage years.
Congratulations to you, ! You've already made an impact on #AmericanIdol & on all who are supporting you. Bravo!
At the Thurs., & were defeated. Next week, , & Leander Paes return
Do you plan to find yourself or create yourself? -PT
I ordered a deck of playing cards and the bellboy made fifty-two trips to my room
#VinylHunter is on the prowl
Me too! I am real and run my companies stream :)
Immersive environments - at what point do visitors give feedback? Is immersion mean only the physical? What does the visitor feel?
I got one the other day that only follows hugh's Bizarre
People too weak to follow their dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.
Great idea! RT HIMSS What about a campaign for #healthIT pros to share their greatest accomplishments via #NHITWeek?
your world will never be the same now! ;)
She gotta pretty Smile... She look real good..... Only time she need a Man... Is for that Good Good
another day, another buck....
"WHAT'S UP DUDE?" the way justin say this ahh.
Keepin on restin kobe, looks to be back his old self
such a cool concept!
I read Shakespeare and the Bible, and I can shoot dice
I have now moved to headphones. Still working!
#grammys host LL Cool J and I share the same birthday (january 14, in case you want to send me a gift--I figure LL has all he needs)
cmon rhodes just one more time..it feels like somethins heatin up, can I leave wit you?
One week until The Rose Cup Races... Are you planning on attending?
sounds like an opportunity for a guest blog post.
trust me, i'm pushing for a supermoon cover, but old man is resisting.
Passed several sprinklers on the way home. Was SO tempted to run through them
they're totally not noticeable though so it's fine 
tackle the day!
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included
Am trying to get a return call from Jim re: a defective toner cartridge. Please contact me.
Friday Dec 23rd. save the date. Guys press your suits, ladies get your dresses ready. We'll be raising money for in style!
Happy birthday Suzanne!
I like when people have funny names on Twitter so when I get emails from them it's like "Gretchen Wieners favorited one of your tweets!"
Are we supposed to dress nice for graduation..
is my favorite girl ever. Love you.
so nice to meet you! Hopefully I'll see you at one of my shows!
Due to safety reasons, we rock out with our index fingers at
sorry buddy, say hi to for me
Now supporter Bob Filner has the floor. He and Scott working on expanding biz
Amazing(: what about yours?
Okay well my bracket is screwed. Thanks
Uh, the #BudLightGirls just showed up... #HOT!
&& that's where i need to be.
School board's Falk asks about a public referendum on K3 funding
did you check out yet?!?
New York Giants 7 Washington Redskins 0 End Of 1st #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
Ain't another nigga as smart as me, I'm bout as smart as a Harvard degree
Nah not too bad. I'm going to take Spanish one next year tho and double up on languages.
please don't tell anyone about where you got your picture. i know you prob won't be just making sure. thanks xx
Weekend! You came just in time for our Pitcher Party! Torch Cherry Lemonade and Cooler de Carnival $19/pitcher-serves 4. |4-7pm
Turned on a rerun of the #Westminster dog show and immediately see the #pug AND #ShihTzu, my 2 faves
My marginal return to research is slowly declining to zero.
If these teachers don't put in the damn grades ima gonna HAM!😠 lol it's fuckin up my plans.
sure. Send me your email address and I'll send you the mp3 files. (I've got several I made from key moments last year)
Keep making me jealous why don't you?
lol... Sounds just about right
then how did u know he was tweetn about u?
We're going to the Bahamas. Leesa's buying. RT : what are you doing for and I on our birthday?
Buss it wide open!
Jonny, can u recommend a good sports nutrition book?
because RTs are awesome. Its nice to know when other find info you share interesting enough to share themselves.
Grand opening of the Yolo Project. Someone has to chaperon Wes!
i'm in nyc
thats whats good, just hit me up...
#Facebook confirmed #LinkedData is mainstream. #Google (via #KnowledgeGraph) is basically doing the same for the #SemanticWeb :-) Awesome!
Godspeed, is that how fast NU b-ball goes from bad to mid-major mediocre?
Great to see you again this weekend! I hope you are enjoying our beautiful city!
Had cross country today was horrible :(
Check out our FB page for some new milestone events. Educational and amusing!
Just discovered by my 4 year old: Classic Tom & Jerry. Verdict: funniest thing EVAR!!!!111one
Not sure yet, why what's up!? =]
Wishes would shut his gloating pie hole about getting to see The Hunger Games tonight.
7 hours left of the drive to st louis
Only 30 minutes until Napa Hour!
It's the worst to be working on this beautiful day :/
It feels great outside. <3
Love when I get out of work early :) Working on my new website!!!!
Glad I could be of assistance, good luck this week!
Thai abdominal work invigorates organs, reduces stagnation, harmonizes flow of energy, balances menstrual cycles & relieves low back pain.
Trying to format a doc in Microsoft Word. More like Microsoft Worst.
Is the Genesee Donkey on Twitter yet?
#10ThingsIWantToBuy a new house :)
Happy St Patrick's Day dance, drink and feast on the traditional meal of Irish bacon and cabbage - don't forget to wash it down with Stinky!
If u want it pray have faith and #GoGetIt by any means!
Steve in a denim jacket? Who does think he is Jay Leno?
#Patriots fans should never leave #SuperIndy in a good mood
I met you yesterday and had no idea it was you you! -Daniel from bag stuffing line
Yelling someone's name in different voices until they hear you is so fun!
S/O to the dudes at some biker bar in Nitro. Lames.
Rodeo is the official state sport of Texas, though High School Football is more popular.
yes, DJ Griggs has offers. I detailed that info in VIP News today!
ew I don't like casserole! Such a fatty! Hahahaha
Off work tomorrow but I'm trying to save money so I'm just gonna watch The Dark Knight with no pants on and get drunk tonight
when people are grieving
Just come on, I want your naked love so don't you dress it up tonight.
One Time Ms.SweetCheeks She Got TL Going Stooooopid!!!
Cop- Do you know why I pulled you over? Me- Because I fucked your mom? Cop- Get out of the car! Me- Wait! Don't I get another guess?
Surlys are so... trendy. :)
I love Columbus Day. Kids have school, I do not have work. Who cares if he really discovered Cuba? Not me.
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes. - John Wooden
Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go. - Natalie Goldberg
Good morning MKE! Get ready for Tuesday Tips. That is a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and a 2 Liter of Soda for $13.99.
RT : There is so much to New Mexico that it is unrealistic to think it could be captured in 60 seconds. But that......
man those were the days!
yeeeeeeeeeeaaahhh y not ??
Anybody want to celebrate a bellarmine victory in Louisville tonight?
Going to sleep . Sore thraot . Choir should be interesting tomorrow . Hope I can hit those high notes ! (:
expect updates on homelessness in #rva today from #Homewardva and we're releasing data from the July
Horrible images from the Pacific Rim.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 88
The Lost finale made me cry as well, thought they were tears of disappointment.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Bad Tweetiquette to shout. “: DOESN'T #SHEP KNOW MAJORITY OF YOUR VIEWERS REJECT #SSM.. #etc #freedomfever #obama”
road trip michael scott style
shit I'm going too lol
Store your documents with the professionals...WCA !
It seems to good to be true but yes we do have mounted TVs and sound bars in every unit. Now leasing!
Though I'm warning people in advance the second YouTube network show is completely batshit crazy in a potentially awesome way.
Nice. Good to see you calling Wurzelbacher exactly what he is. Hope he is foolish enough to come on your show.
One of my favorite things about being at my mom's house is being able to hang my clothes on the line.
I feel summer creeping in and I'm tired of this town again
Read your book and confirmed suspicion you are great. Buying all the extras jamba on the last days of your show also helped
An Aurora, Colorado favorite for locals and travelers.
All because I dnt wanna go with her!
Bought a necklace for my gf at Kays and 10 minutes later a dude stole it from me :(
my dress is quite simple again so i can wear it again, instead of paying a lot and wearing it once same with my shoes
Actually love the smell of charcoal when people are barbecuing. Reminds me of the festivals in Croatia :)
we're celebrating the lords day at Disneyland.
If ever bump into eachother... We'll Serenade ya! =)
sleepover in room 417...
Wow, what a game at Turner Field, Braves trailed 6-0, tied it (against Halladay), then trailed 12-8, now have tied it again in the 8th
whaddup wit the battle wit u & head ice is it ever gonna drop
dogs in mentor meetings??.. never a dull moment
American Airlines and Hilton Hotels, both stars in the movie, paid nothing.
Love my Never Summer Raptor - Awesome board.
hey everybody, remember Ross Perot? #DonaldTrump doesn't.
See you in St. Louis on Sunday night. Hopefully, the Mets will have won a couple of games on this road trip before then.
A2 - Employer Brand should be the company collective "inside story" - not a personal one
A good Futurist helps you steer around techno-hype by focusing on all elements, good & bad, of a range of possible futures.
Kick-starting an AV #Archives Inventory Project tomorrow... "I'm going to Jackson..."
Getting fitted today for the RUE 21 fashion runway show <3
I just had my 4th tuna sandwich in 5 days. Is that weird?
congrats on the TC article! Random ques - who printed your business cards?
good luck maybe we'll see you around soon
white if wrong 9 out of 10 times. #manifestdestiny was fucked up!
Queen's Flash Gordon score. Homage or accident? #DoIHearThatRight?
Which nail color are you wearing? So spring! :)
thanks girly :) can't wait to see you!!
haha nice dude! thats a great movie
Golf leagues, it is time to sign up for a 2011 golf league, openings on Thursday and monday Nights. 608-244-1822
one team that will not contend for the B1G crown is IU. Cinderella the clock is striking midnight. Enjoy it.
Life's far too important a thing ever to speak seriously about.
had an awesome birthday weekend.. happy halloween :)
lay off the cigs, lady (no, sorry, actually I have no idea what you're talking about, so forgive me if i'm being an idiot!) :S
I just found out something funny my cuzzo got on the chat line last nite and she pulled some dude ..he thinks she from new orleans lmao
hope it leads to a good conversation!
ARGGH this is the second time I've managed to drop my headphones into my coffee. Seriously??!!
Wanna be the coolest dude ever? For my 25th bday tomorrow, I want to sing the stretch at #Wrigley with you and
The Athletic Department Donor Celebration will be luxurious after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
we did a webinar with him. it was somewhat helpful (after we went back and forth with feedback)
We will miss you, Maurice Sendak.
play to much!
thanks Logan!
Guess who's playing singles for the JV tennis team at the tournament!!! Me!!!!! :)
disappointed to find my alma mater sharing the views of this disgusting bigot.
Hello beautiful Sunday! I'm gonna kiss you right on the mouth.
I Think Should Be On The Tonight
You know all the yinzers are hating because you weren't watching the game...lol.
I need a #job #Chicago!! HIRE ME.
Hey, thanks for the follow.
RT : rehearsal was everything tonight...
Damn Grey's Anatomy always makes me cry.
Oracle Accelerates Business Intelligence App Deployment
Bon voyage brother.
im craving schoops ! but i know my dad is gonna make me finish this pizza from yesterday 😔
Thanks to my amazing friend I'm waking up in Milbrae sunshine today.
not a fan of the shades but i love the captian #IllAllowIt Mills Lane V.
RT : Live music, drink specials, and giveaways #happyhour is back today. Free pizza w/RSVP of 3+
I dont need negative energy in my life. Go somewhere else with that bullshit.
Irene in my pocket
we are trying to get to Europe next year... That's a bit of a stretch for us but sounds like a good time. meantime ST Louis Nov 14th
could move as high as 6th in the world golf rankings with a win today at Bay Hill.
ARE YOU ALL FUCKING STANDING UP?
much appreciated. New pastas coming this week! Maybe we can trump the ramp fettucini!
which undrafted horn's more likely to land on a team next year? Tucker, Gideon, Snow or Whittaker?
Our lives r defined by opportunities...even the 1s we miss-from a movie!
Your 5-Day #CureForMonotony [Mon= preseason game 730p] [Tues='Red' Center Stage] [Wed=free concert ]
smmfh idk son.....i was like wtf?! this is what's here?! man......jtfo
What is a shelter pub?
Went to Lake Cushman this past weekend,the lowest I have ever seen the lake. No jumping off the bridge this year.
Kane wins this one
HA! lazy? Who knows..
Maine! For 24 hours.
Nigga Like Me, Be Smokin While I'm Driving, Where They Do That At? #brewCity(Mary3x)
True #foodie is measured by how many types of oils and vinegars they have at home!
my grandma's funeral ._.
He's knockin on the door don't let the devil in.
Hells yeah!!! Haha that was a perfect warning!
happy Sunday backatcha.
Same here. I get a lot of weird looks after I speak.
Just stay & hold me...just stay & hold me....
Everyone lives their life according to WHO they Believe is Really “Buttering their Bread”….. Lane
Wasn't aware that Puma went to Oklahoma State with that orange...
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle
you might enjoy our in-house brews which are typically more exotic concepts like coconut porter and chocolate stout
omg wolf girl? Was that meant for me? ;)
"Sorry I'm late; stuck in traffic! Story sounds really wonderful!
Over 60 followers. I feel like a baronet.
boo you whores :)
Tomorrow is our "EYP Open House". Today is the last day to RSVP. If you'd like to attend & learn more, email .
KLRU-TV's Arts in Context features the VAC's Artist-in-Residence program! Tune in tonight at 7:30 on local channel 9!
I can't imagine you 'bowling over' anyone. Unless you are walking on a route that's frequented by pedestrian toddlers.
got an email from amazon that an order of viagria has been cancelled and will not charge my account who has my debit card and email
09 Justin Focus (revisited). Inky dark, thick, intense opening up. Rhone Justin-style. Very forward, finish just keeps on going 94 pts
Getting ready to make money for all of yall!
Indeed. It is quite frustrating when media color it as "an affair", "relationship", or "had sex." ugh.
Driving in hail is scary.
Paul's letter is calling the people of Philippi to the fact that Jesus is Lord, not Caesar.
well take an xtra cheese please!
sorry. I don't smoke drugs.
I have never met someone like you who is so sensitive. Not what I want, but if it's how u want it, fine. I'm out of here.
Goodmornin!!!hope u have a nice day....
Happy #March!
I KNOW that I have REALLY let my followers DOWN by NOT KEEPING promises.I'll make it up to you! It's only the best thing that I could do.
If? Haha mine will be whether they like it or not...but I have a feeling they will love it and thank me later in life
they played "hold me now!" :)
When love turns into hate<<<<
I love Austin because he is talented, cool, sexy, cute, awesome, kind *after 2 hours* and amazing! (: he is perfect to me.
On tap today: Load/Save program banks and some exploratory sound design. VST Instrument alpha soon!
Hoping to get some great shots of the ever-so-talented tonight!
Occupy Baltimore: small and a bit messy, but also serious and inspiring
yeah buddy! Excited!
#lagirlproblems RT : Awkward moment when you get kicked out of yoga class for texting....
RT :Chris Polk is the type of sustaining RB any tm could use.Can wear down defenses late in games 4 #Packers.Soft hands/vision
not yet
You know what goes great with a snow day?? A large pizza with up to 3 toppings for just $10! Call 442-4242 to order yours now!
I need to use twitter more. #slackin'
Ill see what I can do
Oh man, that means my score goes down now. I must be less important than I was yesterday!
Sometimes, you just gotta junk out. “: Those french fries are gonna get'cha!”
Had to get gas this morning and was nearly blown over. Then, a stop downtown. The wind blown hair look is "in" today.
excellent post game coverage! Good to have you back
I seriously am so tired of everything. Just want it to end.
we do have giftcards this holiday season! Proceeds even fund a great cause!
off to take a sick kitty to the vet :(
Ha yes that was us!
Do not know how I went to grad school in Wisconsin. It's 57 degrees in Vegas and I just described that as "freezing."
later people
I am the editor at , testing out a new startup called InboxQ. My Q: Know any good b-fast spots in SF? via
learning about OS manual pages, i'm coming across some nice commands: "Specify an alternate list of files and directories containing magic."
Just dapped up someone 10 times before they let me go.
Ours is a love hate relationship. Right now? I hate you.
We're talking about sex conversations in the home today on on now!
Just heard what I thought was Mary Mary's The God In Me and was ready to sing, but alas it was really The Dream's I Love Your Girl
heard about it but have not tried it, thx. Have u checked 123d make?
your hawt ;) & I love you new single
Too bad KG's going to dominate. “: Strong performance against Kevin Garnett could pay off for 76ers big man ... - Boston Herald
Thanks, Adam--great to know. Things could get crazy after this appears in print tomorrow.
Good Morning Blessed People! Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. Spend it wisely and waste on no one!
wow #obama is going to make me cry
you will love it! Gotta start from the beginning, so many twists and turns
Party got rated, now at South Beach
Sounds about right. RT : $240 at Whole Foods...what did I buy!???
I'm Blessed Just To Be Alive Nd In My Right Mind!!!
Pfeiffer is now a partner org. Kouzes & Posner, Lencioni, great assessment tools, top notch training & consulting material, phenomenal books
OMG! Who gives a shit bout fast pitch softball? They both SUCK!
#ThingsToDoOnYourPeriod tease the hell out of the boo. Maybe a lap dance or bite the crotch of his pants. Lol
Why do people look at you like your so different...
hey boy
I was curious what Jessy Katsopolis was up to these days. Selling yogurt apparently...
YES! For realsies??You've got the morales clan behind you!
I cannot wait for the trade show next week. So excited!
don't let it hurt you. please.
: Yup. Just make sure you are using one of the four that are on the same table as the printer!
Rip Adam Yauch.........Beastie for life
Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit. James Allen
HAHAHAHA I feel like I look dumb... But Stephanie!!!! I miss you!! (:
The one about Vanessa!!:)
I wanna play tennis :-/
“Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint you can on it.” — Danny Kaye
What no Kool-Aid
yes! wooooohoooo hahaha. I dunno about sharing basketball after a bar, that scares the shit out I'd me, but totally is Susie lol
LOL RT : Been babysitting the Grandkids for 4 hours. Ready for wine in... 3 hours ago.
carolyn? Or other people lol
FOLLOW NEW TWITTER !
216% is a very specific number. :-)
I have no doubts that plenty of Dems simply didn't care who the nominee is and are more concerned with the general election
Wine and food event open to public at Riveria Club, 5640 N Illinois. No admission. Offering along with 5 others. 6-10pm.
Who do you have in the 49ers Saints game?
right! I heard there is some kinky shit in that book...
okay so, if austin were an animal, he would be a/an...
On The Road Again...
Need snacks for the play off games! go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
@ #womenwisdomwine w Good crowd
Ha and that is in addition of course to a lot of greens and root veggies. They include recipes for the unfamiliar veg, good blog.
We can't wait! RT : 3 Floyds night Tues 1/31. Tapping more than 10 of our beers. See you there.
Well, anyways, I'm going to go take a hot shower. It's a like regular shower, but with me in it. ~*~*
Come visit your Alaskan Angels! Please? *Puppy Dog Face*
Sometimes people just point blank don't deserve your attention.. i tried to be nice. now i'm
Oreos are a given. I need a movie suggestion please. Netflix and red lobster kinda night
need a follow
Recording tonight: Dick Clark counted out, Secret serviced, My foreskin please, R&R Hall of Fame. Tonight on Starcrestlounge Radio!
they were messing around because it's the last day before the exam & wanted to break everyone's stress :)
yeah check out star studios, I've done alot of work with them.
Lisa had the same dress as me just in different colors and that's what sucked about that and I got dresses this weekend!(:
What do you think is the biggest danger of police work?
Crashing parties is what we do best! Fantastic time! Thanks for welcoming us. You're the best!
you know we're bros and you know bros must follow bros haha <3
I don't thiink anyone knows what the hell is going on, but I think we will find out soon
LOL! I was there!
We are looking for the best freestyler in Houston. battle against the best !! MAY 20th text BATTLE to 72727 for more info
So Im in the car wit my mama and she blasting Woman to Woman :/ Really Mama???
Hey Joe Joe!! Congrats on graduating! You never call me 😔...Did you have your party?
haha you're welcome
Shoot!! :) have a great afternoon/evening
going to bed. soo tired, goodnighht:*
But his 73, along with former UW golfer Patrick Duffy and former La Follette golfer Andrew Steinhofer, was good enough to advance.
Tnx for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours! Looking forward to being your neighbors at Navy Pier!
•While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
almost that time!
New Councilman Danny Valenzuela: "this city works."
Just started following you. Looking forward to hearing what you have to say!
Let's keep talking on twitter using #libmade for the next hour. and I will be here!
I want it! tweet to all muscle car guys and they will see it! or tell you're looking to buy and they'll see it! powerful
m....edamame and veg sushi with brown rice. de-lish!
+1 RT We've talked about bottling that smell- it could be a cologne: "Launch Complex No. 5" :)
Tweeting successful in and out of SL for the IDMAA 2009 conference
This bitch really said "she has became" twice! And used "" fingers...
,I dream of a better tomorrow.... where chickens can cross roads and not have there motives questioned!
2 more days and will be 15. Me and were just talkin' about that today. #ThingsWeTalkAboutDuringSchool Love ya!
There's a rowdy pre-party going on here before A Prairie Home Companion. Currently playing beer pong with some ophthalmologists.
Wait, no it doesn't-it's just Coltszilla. That's not a real website.
I ate there last week. Greatness. RT : Getting to hit up the new Smashburger in Uptown for the 1st time. This is a good day!
u did a great job! I am so happy I stayed u to listen 2 u guys u never disappoint! Love u Harry! Please follow!
Just put any pic of ur as ur background...u r so beautiful....ur own pic will rock the background
Of the Stegner Fellowship, Jesmyn Ward said it was a dream of hers to get one, but "the odds were not in her favor."
For all intents and purposes, I should never allow myself to be photographed next to someone who wears a size 0.
Plz help me to get to 2000 followers:)
Hey #DrupalCon, what's up? We hang out for a week and when I get home I get a 100.6F fever. That's not cool.
Yea you do. put on one of the best concerts I've seen.
This week, our nation has come so much closer to equality.
June 4th at the White Rabbit!!! Be sure to come party with us guys!!!!!
Its like 78 degrees outside... but it will be a thunderstorm... I new the weather was too good to be true..
“: lol it's hard to be a a virgin when I'm your daddy. Check your birth certificate son” are we 5?
Like booty calls at 3am?
IPB6 internet enabled light bulbs and a surfboard
Huntsman: Met Kissinger right before he went to China in 1972 at 11 years old. Relationship has changed a lot since then.
Legal spend mgmt model - 1) Know Your Data 2) Benchmark 3) Know Your Business 4) Create Efficiencies and 5) Review/Improve
vintage hipster ken, these newbies have nothing on you!
lol yankees all the way!!!
Save your #Titanic receipt at theNAT to get student price at UltraStar theaters’ #Titanic 3D movie.
Dr. Oz says,"Get your z's or pack on pounds. Non-sleepers eat 300 extra cal a day."
That's me the night i was conceived.
The environment’s getting worse, yet humanity’s doing better than ever. What gives?
aw thanks!!! Having a blast :))) xoxo
The Hobbit is fun but my favorite book is The Runelords and they are making it into a picture
I love when a person can know intricate details about me after being around me...it turns me on.What color looks good on me and such...
Thank you. “: Thanks for your excellent podcast. I'll miss it.”
#ted2012 #introverts Important institutions in society; schools, hospitals, banks etc. are built for extroverts.
#Thanks for the jazzy RT! How's your week goin'?
Drink deal 2day=Route 44 Ocean Water for .99c>Its delicious &50%+off>come get it@ 8212 Liberty Rd,Balto& Edgewater stores only> no ot promos
Oh yea you were just vague enough. I'm trying to be purist, but not unrealistically so.
Why Did Ray Ray Have A Crush On Willow Anyways Lol She's Way Younger Than Him
The reality of a big move is hitting me...so excited, but so much to miss about #Riverside. Here we come #Madison!
me neither. Maybe hes sticking around so that he qualifies for the NBA version of AARP
Coolest middle name of all time... Wait for it....
I was saying the same thing!! I'm glad I wasn't the only one..thanks JO lol RT : Doesn't alvarez kinda look like blake griffin
You two are nothing near alone, all your followers are here for you(:
who is your idol? :)
Think they'd salt a few glass rims too?
Who's up for a drink with me today or
!!! You win a free jar of our Ear Cleansing Cloths cause every dog needs clean ears!
I'm Gonna Change Your Tweet Up A Little To Real Life She's Only 14 But The Dream Of Millions Of Dudes Shes
#IfYouOnlyKnew then maybe you would truly understand!
can't wait to drink your creations!
aw look at em go ^_^
the moment came & went..😔
Join the conversation and let us know what you think of our new rotating food pop-up and test kitchen: #BetaKitchen !
memphis soul 55 years.
how big is the new one??? I am so excited for you guys! xoxo
RT All the things that truly matter- beauty, love, creativity, joy, inner peace - arise from beyond the mind~ Eckhart Tolle
oh, is that what that is?
watching "Pool Boys"
What side of the Border War are you on- KU or MU?
sure looks pretty painted on an airplane.
Enjoying this day for what it is...beautiful!
chatting with Liz Herrera. The awards aren't announced prior but Liz can hold your award, if u win.
thanks for the shoutie!:)
:-) That's great! Happy Friday.
Simply make the best of your life for you, & you will truly be happy at the end. I promise.
Happy Monday All! Getting ready for a kick ass workout, good breakfast, then yes, I'll be in my art room making it rain stained glass!
We trippy man
Proud to serve
Feels good to feel.
This is amazing music, by a wonderful musician !! www.ishwish.net
Ouch! Someone needs a lie down.
It's 58 in my room because my window is stuck open. Also, raccoons. This is going to be a great night, I can feel it.
Thank you to everyone that participated in our Long Sleeve Contest! Winners and new designs will be announced tomorrow!
Proud to be an Aggie. Softly call the muster
yes ındeed they can! Just need to clıck the lınk and there ıs a page for donatıons. Thabk you for your support!
next you need to collab with and
Middle Eastern literature known as "Daastan*-e-Amir Hamza" it is of Persio-Turkic origin.
No matter how great LeBron is, he isn't beating those big 3 in the west with a big man rotation of Joel-Turiaf-UD
-- Hi stranger. Sure hope you and family are doing well. Has been a long time.
Am I fool?why do I love her?I Believe in God,and I know thats Love is Blind..
tres groovy tunes daily. reminds me of THEY MIGHT BE GIANTS' ploy in the 80s.
its sad that I can't even join ur twitcam :( its about 3 am here when you do twitcam :( poor me! :(
Downtown #Detroit is partying all ready. #MNF fever all day long.
#CTFxC If you could transform into any animal in the world. what would it be?
for sure, dm me your info and ill have our rep contact ya. Talk to you soon!
im suppost to be doing work in skool but i rather be on Twitter : )
no this far in his career is crazy to ask of him. To be sole responsible for shutting down Westbrook.
I'm sure you all have a triathlon this weekend so stock up on some energy w/our pasta buffet for lunch today featuring Veggie Baked Zitti!
SO THERE “: Obama: "Ask Osama bin Laden & the 22-out-of-30 top al Qaeda leaders ... whether I engage in appeasement."
In light of my feelings about the RIAA, I can only take their disapproval of me for opposing SOPA as very high praise indeed.
My App is up - check it out - All About Sounds - Iphone 3GS, 4, or IPAD. Ratings appreciated!!!
cereal in the home is to johna as meth at a corn field rave is to jerked over amish.
Want real tweets? follow
Here I am💋
Yeay! I new the sun would come back!
you're fucking beautiful and amazing though.
Gone are the B's - now Let's Go C's - that's how we roll in
#myteamhaslost retard! You don't own any sports teams, unless you're talking about your field hockey team, sorry.
Actually at the gym on a bike right now!!! Yay for me!
Leaning Your Direction! Thanks for The Advice!!
#pcampboston don't scold users for making mistake in the process! Truly aid them.
Eli looks like a huge dork. I'm into it
thank you!,
Fuck you two times too
skip you are getting worse than anyone. Sick of the tebow talk. I used to be indifferent about him, now not sure thanks 2 u
Thank you Harry for giving us a generation of imagination and making it fun to read again. It has been a pleasure.
I just woke up from a 12-hour slumber. I guess my body was trying to catch up with the sleep I had missed during the week. I feel refreshed!
the danger
Who liked the pictures from Jetblue Park?
_.~+!- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
turns out those haircut dopplegangers know each other and appear to be friends!!
make it or break it omg.
Happy July 4th!!!
Lmao! Oh okay! I just barely noticed. XD <3
If the #Packers can figure out the Center position prior to the #NFLdraft, I'd select either or in round 1.
In order to build a new you have to get rid of the old dont be scared to do something out of the normal follow your dreams... a.harris
Its not a big deal , I just wanna know the truth ... ( :
Heavy metal lover (;
Pool rage. I'm ready to go home
Happy new year:)
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers out there <3
You know how much Bag Sauce is at the bottom of that ladder?
Decided to take a musical trip down memory lane this afternoon. Starting with the Cypress Hill Black Sunday album.
Quilcene is still closed.
Students who want to tweet about being on Adderall while writing their papers should probably make their Twitter accounts PRIVATE, eh?
Who is going to win
Apps that can only export images with the filename "image" are almost as handy as address books that can only save entries as "person."
and the extra ~$100k is part of a convertible note that could be worth a variable amount of equity. cc:
Depression Symptoms
Elena Padilla of Lemon Grove wins $50 Lido's gift certificate for coming up with new name of LG Senior Center's banquet hall
I laugh at mofo's who talk behind my back, knowing they will be kissing my ass later.
Tons of highly leveraged CRE loans are maturing. Their values are so low they can't refinance. Remington's DPR program can help.
It also makes me LOL also:D
Basketball Sunday?
OUCH!!! Eikmeyer just took that dude's nose off!!!
Oh god I forgot how much I dislike Vegas....and aviator shades..and bro dudes...cesspool
Hey, Marvel, next time you waste four years ruining five movies in order to set up a sixth one, make the sixth one a better movie.
If I had a band Id Call it nine inch Heels! LOL
MoNdaY ... wish it was Saturday but life goes on lol Lets make it a Z....
I was freezing too!
RT: Writers Hall of Fame plaque spotted prominently displayed in lobby
Boyfriend: I wasn't that drunk. friend: Dude you asked your girlfriend if she was single. O.o
No shame at all. Streep was my prediction, but I really would have loved to see Williams upset. No major upsets this year...
I was wondering what you were eating in here.
Idk why everybody stay hatin on Justin Bieber, Boyfriend is the shit so deal with it.
Congratulations on the hiring of JD Sherman as your new #President & #COO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
Hello from Havana! Internet here = brutal, basically non existent. We'll have full coverage of the Pope's arrival at 4:30p on
It is not already noon.
This season of #Bachelorette is shocking. A Black guy!
is COMPLETELY SOLD OUT for tonight's Bruschetta! Will we see YOU at the theatre?
I want to have your ass framed and mounted above my fireplace
Nothing like the moment you forget to cancel a waiver and it goes through in fantasy... Damn you poor memory!!
Meeting today to discuss mustache4cash and the big bowl events.
You killed it on #FillyBrown, E-Dub! Thanks for helping the film find it's groove!
Wait walkin ca im travelin far distace on feet
#KanyeChristmasSongs "I'm dreaming of a white woman".
Present it ;)
We're glad to have you back, Aaron!
Casuall hoping for to follow/notice me someday
#Women'sissues are naturally addressed by the policies #Republicans enact #2012GOP not by the punitive regs from Liberals!
Go follow , lady gaga has more followers ? are you freakin' kidding me ?! x3
I thought it would be a Dear Jong letter. Just sayin'...
Am I the only one with a shirt on right now?
and his little Elf too!
She was facing the door and her head got stuck :( doors closed way too fast
9 innings, 9 chants. More if there's mid-inning pitching change
Jealousy works the opposite way that you want it to.
At least I didn't say 'cat wee-wee'.
I'm eating one now! Nom
Some are so very studious of learning what was done by the ancients that they know not how to live with the moderns - William Penn
haha what happened
OMG!! College level math makes you need a drink... BAD!!!
“I want to extend my deepest appreciation to everyone who has and will support my campaign for change in DISTRICT 2. All of your...
Had the messiest, smelliest and YUMMIEST lunch meeting today, thanks to coming downtown. Thank you!
I'm listening to crew love by drake and it reminds me about the crew♥ so its on replay :)
sounds good!! rock on Zoe!
School Tomorrow <<<<<<<
With or Without You ~ U2 #classics <3
lots of work to do, but the Bill Clinton Presidential biography on American Experience is starting!!! What do I do?!
I think it's about time for an run.
decent size. everyone just waiting for more results to come in now.
Sharing some of my new to me people on Twitter & Funny, loving, connected & nerdy. All a girl could ask for.
Wtf this boy watching
So many global influences around dc!
it's why I stopped watching the NBA. That, and the bucks have been horrible.
yes please!
Thanks for helping us reach 1,700 Twitter followers!
Congratulations on your Emmy Nominee!!!!
Do you have an online PR strategy?
working with the man himself... Brandon Goldstein... makin the EP sound like gold :)
My fiancé is an IT Director. He says yes and can tell you how if you need help. :)
great - we are outside waiting for a table. Will say hi when we get in!
Mike Brown is here so let's all (including myself) stop complaining and give him the support he will need for a tough job.
It's only Tuesday, but we're already excited for a big weekend on campus! 250 young alumni in town for Spring Young Alumni Wkd & O/W Game!
I hate school, you're all dramatic, ugly, people that talk bad about everyone.
ResearchChannel's online streaming functions are completely restored! Thanks for hanging in there during our brief outage.
Other men said they have seen angels, But I have seen you, And you are enough 
Finished 5K Dexter-Ann Arbor MI run/jog/walk Sun w Carol Elizabeth & Andy. Then on to Taste of Ann Arbor. Fletcher family farm = MI beauty.
long day -__-
I still can't open the.pictures you sent me lol
so just STOP IT!
it must have been our Quizzo win last night because I'm also in a fantastic mood!
so sad I am missing you at #mw2012 <3
meh...don't call me a bitch unless your a bringing some coco puffs...amateur
