filming later this morning for development. Will show them a diary or two. Closeup of hands probable. Darn my cuticles look like crap
Dear parents, we don't have time for education. We already have a full time job supporting One Direction. Sincerely, directioners.
« I wanna go to the movies today»
love the article. So very true.
Take a moment and reflect on your day. Give yourself credit for your victories! Make a plan for tomorrow...
A 4.7 earthquake (right near town) isn't my favorite way to wake up.
Site Administrator
right now some features of the Ancestry site, some citation info. use hashtag #dearmyrtle to follow along!
#happy sabbath! #teamjesus communion right now. After communion at least 100 times you'd think they'd sit on the right row. 😄 oh well.
Listening to Medifast CEO Mike McDevitt talk business growth. What an awesome business story!
Curious as to whether or not the Knight Riders can snap out of it by the end of the season.
French homework tonight y'all and I don't know how to do it.
I wish I could play softball year round...
Thank you so much for sharing the video!
Thanks for the shout! You've definitely !
Love makes your heart scream & your spirit dream. It's like being drunk on life & paying with a hangover.
so the guys who sing "Ratchet Girl Anthem" are actually pulling.... FEMALE hoes?
bout to get off wrk wyd ?
killed it on this week! hi-larious!
Have you laugh today?
Workin' on my tan.
Bye ! See you soon
Don't forget Peachy Airport Parking is giving away $250 to both the indoor & outdoor lots for March. Leave a business card with the cashier
Ahh so many different smells at the food court, but only one choice hm.....HOT DOG ON A STICK!!! :) o and a cute worker ;)
me too .
This AM: insurance appraisal, first food shopping trip. Will get back to work in the kitchen as soon as I finish this cup of coffee.
I'm going to make some windows shine today. Happy Saturday!
I hate learning about the holocaust :( its so fucking sad.
Congrats to for making it to the finals!!
I think it is because she was a 'normal' soccer mom that became something more. PPL are crazy for drama
Searching for Sugarman is a wonder
#imagine you are in austins room and looking at loads of pictures of him on the internet and you see hes not smiling in any of them. (c)
YOU REALLY DON'T have a SHRED of Honesty or ACCURACY in your biased disgusting anti-semetic postings. You are evil!!!!
So tired.. My muscle spasms in my back are back.. :( Took 2 muscle relaxers! Sound knock out very soon.. Z G'Nite (:
how bout you come make me turd nugget!!!
I really dislike iCloud. Going to try to get it off my Mac. Any recommendations for alternate backup and storage, photo stream?
A loss so ugly it had hair on it.
RT: #ThrowBack Avant "Seperated" u did me wrong...I thought u were true... <--- THATS WATS UP MY JAM
Leaving to Seattle at 6:45 am getting back home at 5:30 and then coming home to eat. Head back to school for Mr.Panther!!!!(:
nice job, Skippy!
those two are never gonna fight tho. Every time one wants a fight, the other says no.
Looks awesome! Congrats! :)
Ooh nice breakfast after an all-nighter goes a long way. At CafeBrazil
Let's go Pacers
R.I.P. Sister Maureen
#schoolmemories dirty ass freshman . Chavez . Rick almost taking his pants off in study hall .
there should be convenience store vending machines too!
for sure. I'll cheer/run combo.
bleu cheese is always a good idea
How come geneous is so hard to spell?
I appreciate it. The kind words and you giving me 2700 words of your Friday afternoon.
a pleasure - happy friday
Yes she pregnant...you'd be pregnant too if you didnt swallow yours.
You in there?
As Mae West once said, when I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better!
YOU'RE ALIVE!!!
done! :D
Will be getting IV infusion shortly. Steroids for 3 days then 2 weeks of pills. #ms sucks
I miss you too!:(
I am 100% James Word.
I typically have time for NOTHING these days : ( Nevertheless...when & where?
We were really spoiled weather-wise in March.
A night ride can clear the head in times like these.
See, all I wanted was a touchdown. But yeah, that game's gonna have some fireworks.
Honk Honk mr. Mandwelle.
how do you like your chocolate?
Cough, cough, sneeze sneeze...I am a walking advertisement for cough medicine. Robitussin, anyone?
No pancakes for dinner. NY strip steaks, polenta, & caesar salad instead.
#TheBestFeelingIsWhen you feel love in your heart for someone else!
wooot - matt flynn.. not a bad pickup!
im lonely...
Networking Works! The goal of networking is to create and develop relationships for mutual gain - Donnie Boivin
PerfectDisk allows Windows boot file optimization/prefetch -- PD places boot files at the beginning of the drive.
haha what part?
thats wut i though u goin to say i got a nice ass well fuck that ass plz
S\o to all my new followers! All new
I want a guy to sing to me. Even if he's terrible x)
Get used to these two words: "complete rebuild"
#ThoughtsWhileRunning I want food
girls are a bit more aware of social interactions we can't generalize too much.
asked a good question about natural gas vehicles
thanks! Hope you are too.
All Buffalo Bills Fans Get $10 cut from TheCut !! Specializing in regular cuts to the famous Stevie Johnson mohawk
Never be dependent to anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you're in darkness.
Visiting #drupa? Don’t miss the FREE special performance by du Soleil #Xerox hall 8b, starts in 30 mins
School is so boring. Especially when they block everything on our friggin iPads. -.-
Baking a cake 4 my b-day party! :) Vinyl shortbreads stuffed with melted CDs of my favourite bands! :) Yummy!!!!
my son vocabulary is just growing. dang he growing up.
good hope so too
Had good mix last year. Looked like roof was about to cave. Regrouped because good group of people. Liked playing together & being together
hey how are you :D
is Obama's address going to pre-empt the game? Go #Cavs!
bro! your kiding! Your phone will be blowing up! Lol
When you work out in the morning, ya just feel so much better!!!
Watch it for 15 minutes, you'll get 2 free Whoppers. Watch it for 30 minutes and you'll get 3 free Whoppers! NOTE:
a serious lack of sleep + serious depression + that 70s show= insights peoples moms should not see. i hope to god she doesnt... haha
have noone to talk to
Sometimes what you want is definitely not what you need
sounds yummy! “: stuffed french toast? Shrimp n grits? Sweet potato pancakes? Bottomless mimosas? join us for brunch & basketball!”
"Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Holy crap my moms a genius.
This is so very true! RT When troubled remember this... Everything is going to be alright! Maybe not today, but eventually!
A job is what we do for money work is what we do for love.
Kudos to on his piece on John Thompson. Nice work as always We will definitely miss seeing him in the 980 Studios.
44 years ago today the great King of Love was shot dead. Join me at Ebenezer at 5:00pm as we remember the life of this great freedom fighter
you better get those grades together before your mother whoop that ass Lol
Im my sons keeper.
I know Jalen Rose pissed at Stephen A. Smith and Skip Bayless lol. His eyes red as hell.
If u're not already, u need 2 follow He's wickedly funny & you may remember him as the ever dapper Luther Mahoney on Homicide.
Presenter at PHP group calls an #iPhone a "mini-computer". One can be only amused at the thought of a PDP-8 or PDP-11 in one's pocket.
ok so who wants to participate in a trivia contest, please reply to this tweet
haha every day for me
"I have to keep saying: My existence doesn't threaten urs. This is the humanization that has 2 happen & we need 2b a part of this convo"
Tempting,like JACK.Must walk away or it's trouble.Not something I can handle alone.Have 2 be watched,end up with a lamp shade on my head:O!!
Never thought I'd see the day that articles were about the pressure being on the #Celtics to "steal one" from the #Sixers in Philly
RT Watching Hannah Montana! Omg I miss this show!!! D;
Still thinking about the potential of ebook lending clubs and the role of the #library. Does overdrive have a future?
Perhaps they could visit specialists in other schools; differentiated learning fir teachers.
putting on makeup and standing in the mirror with no place to go hahahah!
hhahaha i guess that they would have to jerk of a lot ... and when i say a lot ... i mean .. A LOT
I will start talking to you hola :)
couldn't have said it better myself.
Instead of running or cycling for 60-90 minutes, I pulled weeds and did yard work for 3 hours. Is that equivalent?
Yurt best friend was here (:
Really proud of the marketing staff tonight. NCAA record 12,000+ at women's hockey tonight. Great job team!
If you want to breathe, as much as you want to succeed, then you will be successful.
"Happy people don't necessarily have the best of everything, they just make the best out of everything they have."
LORD has blessed me w/another day so everyone else have a blessed day!!!
Poster sessions. Madhouse.
RT : Niggas be gettin on my nerves g. Not Willow
Aloha from Hawaii
Final score of bout 1: Code Blue Assassins 162, Battlestars 97. Great job by both teamsa, but the CBA's just skated better.
The Best
you know that stuff only happens in ny. mylifeisny.com
#4famouswords I am the Walrus!
Made the soccer cheer and basketball team Yussssssss of too teach kids DANCE ah DJMS Rocks
I support you.Love<3
The mavericks better win, but they are getting killed by lebraun
OMG! are you ok?!?
Song for the drug smugglers caught in Marina Del Rey this morning: Last Dance With Mary Jane.
alrighty! I think the weather for Saturday is gonna be pretty well. Who's going again?
ditto! we need to keep in touch again!!!
If I'm asking $1000 for my computer, why would I accept your offer of $400? People are loco!
wen i say its 11:11 make a wish it gets blanked but wen som1 else does it gets retweeted.
they have a "dinosaur fossil" on display in their law building dated within last 10,000 years. Not a joke.
she walks on stage, 2 maybe 3 min standing ovation crowd goes wild for not 1 word yet. i c the realness AMAZING !
hows life?(: follow me pretty please?(:
Words are like feathers, they cannot be taken back
Looking for location in Seattle area & sponsors for 2 Conferences: Social Media Monitoring & Video for Web 2.0 Pls let us hear your ideas!
Smh. Son won't let me watch tv , his ass sitting here playing the xbox & losing repeatedly lol ...
Having a laughing fit over here with
yo what's y'all got bout 10 battles not released yet. How come y'all don't do a battle every Sunday
Seems like they are both great ways to keep track of books, but I wonder is there a benefit to having both?
oh. darn.
speaks the truth! RT Hands down best place to take comedy classes in philadelphia--for all those dragging your feet, sign up!
Audition Tip: Learn how to appear relaxed when performing in styles outside of your usual comfort zone.
Emily Davis will be signing her book, "Fundraising and the Next Generation", in 15 min. Want to meet her? Swing by booth #1112!
Once you've picked out and eaten all the marshmallows and just the cereal part is left, it's basically a bowl of Sucky Charms.
I just want you to know that I can't wait to see ya next
Will be the most active since 2007 for the triple net lease sector
BLUNT TALK RADIO Voicemail message system is up and RUNNING! #GetBlunted with us, and call in with what's on your mind at 858-431-6229
are sad.
Well in my opinion u did..... but nt anymre omg plz dont take tht the wrong way but now its over so lets jus forget about it
I'm awesome. And I fuck dolphins
Exploring shell fish for the first time. Shrimp cocktail...no reaction other than a grossed out face. She doesn't like it "yet".
hey man was that just you on sports hub?
They ain't complete but I'm getting em there. That's all thats missing.
aw <333 thanks evie :) i'm glad
I wanna see my tweet on tv.
Sunshine on this sunday morning. Just messing with quilting ideas and fabric. . .a restful holiday weekend.
Reece got greased by an alien? That's big.
Omg last night >>>>>
I've learned tonight if that I try to ignore the fact that I slammed the studio door on my finger, it still very much ouches.
Republicans are for tax cuts--except for working Americans. Call your member of congress and tell them to extend the payroll tax cut.
me too. It's very interesting to learn
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 !
Kind of pumped to see "The Grey" - gotta love Liam Neeson! Not so sure about some of the other new releases...Sneak peek at 6:40 a.m.
It's an easy thing to hate, but to love is an entirely different thing
lol nigga you BEEN followin me . what you mean nf ?? yo ass better text me too .
Will do Thanks
i know you love 10sectelesrater, check out iCoacher app, i cant download it so tell me how it is lol
never keep your kids from reality because it will smack them too hard in the future like, WHAT HAPPEND???
Congrats! I'll keep an eye out for your session! Should be fun!
didnt he refuse because his promoter didnt like the paycut?
ur being ironically retweeted. You're being CYBERBULLIED dude
thought that tweet was going to be about text gate.
Next best thing to publishing a book? Starting a new one!
Old school P.O.D. on the radio? Let's go!
I love watching IMAX movies on my iPhone. Technology rules.
Go look at the moon!
Glad to hear our pin was your favorite at #SxSW!
what is happening with voice artists? nowhere else to go? over saturated market? anyone can do it?
thank you! You deserved it too!
I NEED TO TWEET MORE
#RG3 is wearing Matlock's suit...
What size is it?
A Fairly Odd Parents marathon starts at 12 PM EST ONLY ON !
Thanks to Roneida Martin and Brad Jenks for their presentations tonight regarding WPDI and the Gurnee Chamnber of Commerce.
maybe a combination of the two
Have an amazing day!!
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
The Teen Wolf trailer looks so sick
VP Joe #Biden gives his opinion on #gay #marriage. How does it line up with the President's thoughts?
Happy dads day
The family. We were a strange little band of characters trudging through life sharing diseases and toothpaste,
RT : Examine the importance of new technology and fabrication techniques to create ornamental forms
To attempt to live beyond what we know is dangerous. Not to live up to what we know is equally perilous. -Manly P Hall
my sister is a Facebook lurker. The only way I know she's been logged in is if she pokes me...
if you wanna see an nc show tweet at jonas sees in color and tell them to put us on their local 506 show : ).
Neighbors Notes for May 1, 2012 - The Advocate
Congrats man! Great game
has the most beautiful smile! He has lots to smile about now!!!
ima make you a sandwich kay? :)
The biggest lie I tell myself is... "I don’t need to write that down, I’ll remember it."
Hey Jenni! Can you give us an update on Chicago's forecast? We are a teen webshow that broadcasts live online
Thanks man!
Yucca comes up and candidates say offer deal that makes states compete
Hopefully, aliens also look like babies. The future will be adorable.
Thank you so much!! Looking forward to being in the same place!! :)
wat do u have against Madonna huh?
I'm a one woman circus.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
99.9% of Americans will never understand what caused the housing bubble.
Gloomy day in the QC...
Just redesigned my twitter homepage. Nite all!
Finally getting myself to read the lord of the rings books
I think my frustration is with formal tests, specifically the TAPS-3, TOLC. 'Pie in the sky' idioms
Proud of u bro.
- I personally recommend this company for all your website work! BIG Thanks for all your great work and continued support!
Thankful that He is still God, and that He is not swayed by other's selfish actions.
on Thursday! I can't wait!
What have you done for your business or yourself lately?
Had an amazing writing session yesterday with the band, getting ready for tour! Hope you guys are ready!
": I just saved a ton of money on my car insurance! (By driving away and not leaving a note)"
Hi there! How are you? Haha Thanks for showing some #love! LOL!
i always seem to wake up wit scratches and shit all on my arms!!!!
*grins* yeah you are making me feel much better *smiles*
Yes, and then when you think they aren't ya got your finger up your nose. LOL.
We'd love the chance to be Pres, but you're so far away! How about a location in Seattle?
Those smoker commercials??! Yeeesh!
I LOVE Sarah Jessica Parker!
Previous rumors revealed that Ford might create a Lincoln version based on the 2011 Explorer, but not much has been heard since
am I an a-hole for suggesting a pad of paper and a pen?
yeah, when i dont have so much homework and sleep to catch up on.
Laughing At Random Shit .... That's When You Know Your Tired lol
Everyone thinks they have a GREAT IDEA that should be bought immediately but most don't understand how much works goes into it all.
Learning real quick.
Any questions for from our Twitter followers?
#wcphilly How to write your posts: Keyword density (repeating keywords) is important
#BoyzAreBack ohh boy.tomorrow is gonna be emotional as HELL.
I don't get how the Mighty Ducks' goalie could be responsible, other than her being so hot that my car melted in her presence.
please follow me pretty please!!!!!!!!!
Come out and start the day off right with Int. Jazz with Bryan at 9:30!! Let's do this!!!
Contra Alliance #0 comic book under development.
but there's a special place in my heart for Google :) I need to research the products to see if one is substantially better!
I love how when I read books I end up talking like the characters a bit. "I might be after taking a shower beforehand it seems"
Thanks for the RT & MT & others :) TeresaY
hey Anacris how are you ?
i saw them. I was repulsed by you. Per usual you pig.
Thank you for trying to stop Kony. Broke my heart seeing the video. Hope u get the other boys to join!
Whitney Moses! You are TERRIFIC! We couldn't do this with out your help! Thank you!
this weekend thooooo >>>>>
S/O to My Homie The Streets Fux Wit Ya Homie
You gotta join the #littlemundster revolution! ronnie and his mundsters,lol
you kinda don't.. unless you report it.. kinda annoying
Did you get a dui "" I can help you, dont get stuck in the court room without an Attorney, let me help you, call me now 702-882-6007
Well I guess Bobby Petrino will not be doing commercials for Harley Davidson. But, he could endorse Ashley Madison.
always down to collaborate, don't hesitate to ask if you have a project you need drums or electronics on!
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil someone gets hurt and i wont let that be you
Best Birthday Ever!
Yet another reminder that, yes, Ryan Braun will be fine.
Follow Her!!!!! #TeamFollowBack#Team Follow
Lilga why do you like them?!?!
Walking into Kohls & hearing PYHU you automatically know your gonna have a good time shopping.
I am feeling thankful for 2012.
“: What's your favorite Hamburger on our menu?” The one that doesn't take 30 minutes to be served after ordering it :P
the show was good ! Great for our first gig !
What is the best way to recover from a workout? Find us at the in Phoenix this weekend and find out!
I can't respond to your DM bc you're not following me : )
Check out the latest fashions for a cause at Tri-City Hospital Foundation’s “Fashion that Heals” fashion show on July 19th...
That tweet literally made my day. Cheered me right up. Thank you.
Join Bob & Signe for a free Q&A about PitchFest at the Stand Up Comedy Clinic at 7:30, Fri, May 18: 1213 W Magnolia Blvd, Burbank, CA 91506
Jaguar Announces Future Powertrains
would you be interested in chatting in more detail about Switzerland Fashion Week on our show?
But then again, it was a good life lesson (:
Ready for SALSA ((TONIGHT??)) Cesar Bauvallet y Tradiciones @ 7pm, ABQ Museum Amphitheater, Old Town. Be there!!!!!
no national tv for vs sabres. Have to see on Center Ice. Definitely worth watching.
Linnton resident reminds us about the potential 4 a large earthquake. Asks that emergency mgmt be elevated in plan. Says watch 11th Hou
Today is the birthday of the Mustang! Happy Birthday to Baby Stang, Lady, and Chewy!!
So now you "TRILL", instead of 'BASED"?
“: likewise! Nice to meet and see you both. Great discussion.
Enjoyed the day on the Mall with all the people who came for the Rally to Restore Sanity. Great Jon and Stephen!
it's a show from the 90s about babies that are able to talk
Chillin at the new tattoo studio in San Marcos, TX. NO SURRENDER tattoos
It's getting ready to be a smaller world after all if the mouse doesn't take me of this fucking boat!
The smell of mulch in the morning.... *gag*
Spa Technologies' supreme seaweed skincare specialist -Dan Fryda- on the Kat James show. Click on our site and get a wave of inspiration...
We're doing a really cool photo shoot for our upcoming show BOMBS, BABES AND BINGO and we need a #makeupartist. Know anybody in Chicago?
Thank you Close for backing us!! :)
I want you
As Clint says "deserves got nothing to do with it." It just sort of happened. Not really a big deal, IMO.
Not feeling alot of people right now...😒
When playing the mother on 3 1/2 men how easy/hard was it to play that character?
Our new sanctuary is all set to go! Spirit continues to flow!
Big ? from Wireless Wellness session: how do we reach the 45% who aren't interested in personal or group health tracking?
#IfonlyYouCould see me when u say goodbye
hahahah seriously!!! I love it
You do the same! Enjoy some R&R. The #WomeninAV have been working hard enough all week! :-)
Hahaha...I love how he's stuck on her dick for no reason.
. It's going to take me a while to recover from this. But a mini pizza and breadsticks at Noble Romans should help.
So glad it's Small Business Saturday! Wanna jump start the economy? Shop small businesses today and everyday.
wow guys i feel blessed right now i got a cute boyfriend, amazing #WilDChildZ and i just have to meet 5 famous people :P
: ASU, hm? That's my school of choice for next fall. I'll be taking it online. And I dig your merch. Thanks for the follow.
Discovered an issue with 1Password syncing properly & dev version of Chrome. Support had a fix for me within minutes. Thanks !
in nyc and considering having solo korean girl karaoke woodshed session. anyone want to meet up?
lost to Griffin in slam dunk last year right?
Would you want me to write an initial No Meet W/ Corp Lobbyists Pledge ...
Check out our video of Tuesday's 17th Street High Heel Race, won by the fast and furiously stoned "Amy Winehouse."...
loved it
The annoying freshman in my Spanish class<<
Setting up jolicloud on dell c600. OS works great, but the pc is way too slow with 128mb. Looking for 512 pc133 so-dimm if anyone has one.
I need to get an oil change, my car washed, and fill out applications today. I think it's time to get out of bed.
Great to see you! Hope you had a nice weekend
Catch my feelings bitch
Rickey Gervais, funnier as Simpsons character or Golden Globe Awards host?
Warm up the bus time! Go Demons!
MTV was good asf like in 2005
Cause I'm A " Nigga " & I Want To Be A " Model " . I Have A Photo Shoot Tomorrow ^__^ !
Do you create a to do list everyday? I'm getting in this habit because I find I get a LOT more accomplished when I do:) how about you?
My hair feels so long today.... Hmm <3
Go #Patriots! Wearing my jersey!
I am going to see Hunger Games later today at the local multiplex
Gabe y don't you dance with Dejan anymore please awnser
Thank you everyone for comming to my Zumba In the circuit at Tierrasnta. it was full house. Awesome! Have a nice weekend!
Congrats to and for a smashing opening night
Love Pinterest! RT ANW joined PINTEREST! We're featuring a couple boards with production stills from the ANW vault and design.
RT lol shes on some other ish !!!! • always! that's your moms for you xD
Just going through the motions to get through the day.
I just picked up a newly longarmed quilt. Sally at Windy City Quilting RULES! And I can't wait to finish this one. I might have to make 2!
Sometimes the power goes out and you're just glad Twitter has an app.
Deep Seat
The greatest gift of all is Family.
Sweden, what I have to do to become a citizen? I'm willing to cook reindeer if need be.
Now is not the time to raise them when we have all this wasteful spending going on
You would be so Much easier to understand if u would just STFU!
Goin to bed. Not in a good mood.
I just started it. E!
Playing Michelangelo's this Friday night. CD comes in the mail this week!
RT : - Nuggethead would make a great Pez dispenser. < Now we're talking!
"There has to be more to life than this." - overheard at work
(Also googling "nap hotels." I mean come on, this is New York City, they have everything here, right?)
If I owned a pink article of clothing I'd wear it, but I don't so...
The doorman here looks like the Undertaker
they moved here to be apart of Reverse
cash money!!!
I still like you I just said that to make you think I am happy and proud
Are you happy just to be alive today?
was there supposed to be a link here?
Please Follow - Thanks!
Happy Mothers Day, to the most amazing strongest beautifulest women in my life. I love you, mummy. <3 xo
Praying pastors in time beget praying churches. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
Just signed up
People's hard work never gets appreciated ..... Smh
Telling jokes.
Is gaga a man?
I wish I was going to #Brimfield. cc: Have fun w/o me and snap tons of pics pretty please.
Hi Nice thought! What are your views on the #Indian #education system?
Your is on the way. No more pouty face. lol
Someone thinks I'm a library (or the head of one) & has offered me a free trial of a "cloud-based reference library". Looks very STEM, tho.
A rare sack by the#Packers...Packers need a score on this drive with 7:48 left down 10
once this rain stops, I hope to pedicab...but I may just head out for drinks tonight instead.
Dreamt that I got caught in a gun trade and when I backed out, Ron Pearlman tried to send me to Ireland
I feel the same way! I see larger counties were against. Like Wake, Durham, Orange, and Mecklenburg. Ppl here need to grow up!!
72% of online campaign ads are inadvertently displayed next to content deemed "not brand safe" ~comscore2012
what are you wowing? Lol
Trying to get to notice you but he wont<<<<
Support the movement please retweet to your followers and lets raise money! RunToStopDiabetes.com
Downtown wit the old heads looking for the bittys
This is going to be the best four hours of sleep...ever.
and standing at the play without the ball isn't useless too????!!!!!!!
you're welcome
"Lindsay Lohan Dines With Woody Allen In New York" #huffpost Will she be the next Mrs. Allen?
Thank YOU !
Thank you, Nato! MT for being one of the only journalists in the Yay Area who cares about comedy. And is nice to me.
Follow me n b followed......Limited Offer.....
Here's another great idea...let's camp in the Amazon under trees filled with hanging, moving dolls.
Back in KC - short stop drinking some Cep Rose!!! m...mutha f-n good
I'm afraid of the answer RT : With Morgan in a runoff does this mean we get more awesome commercials? cc
thank you for your ❤!
If you share any professional interest in Postal Affairs, please follow me Thanks!
I love how supportive my dad is of me and my music. He told me he doesn't care how much money I'll be making, whether or not I solo...
"If you're going to dream, dream big!" - Wiz
lol i know right.....
My mom is crackkkin me up.
glad #cuse got it back together today... good prep for next week -
Read 15 art mags over the break. I feel simultaneously caught up and totally out of the loop.
this video had shown up on my tumblr dash on some woman beating her 8mo child ~__~
If you want to rail against guns and certain types of laws, do it somewhere else. Neither of those helps establish the facts.
RT : Loving my BigOven app. I have lots of things I want to cook/bake now!
always ignored
You'll never change !
You call it weird and I call it cool. To me weird is cool, so don't make fun of people or act like weird is a bad thing. So there. :P
In the market outcomes are for sale. Define your outcomes, focus on outcomes not metrics, find rational funders as buyers.
YESS!!! “: Luke: Webb is scheduled to sign his contract in Baltimore next week, so no press conference until then, per the #Ravens.”
There�s a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy ... her heart
Justin follows you,that´s very very lucky (:
Going all Crazy for God on mother's day in Jacksonville.we have a special treatment for all the mothers in the building and the world
I will defer to your knowledge. Just notice way less controversy/issues in the BL than EPL. Seems England has the worst to me atm
how can u only hv less then 3K?
Happy Leap Day!! :)
RT : Meth. RT : I can’t wait to cook ________ in my slow cooker.
“The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.”
Paul Weyland favorite quote~"Everyone who's ever taken a shower has had an idea.
Hi everyone!
Tell me how these actions relate to the "impartial" nature of the paper.
Got a job working at best buy computers!!!! Yays!!!
Nice. Do you know when the pub date is?
Thanks for the add...
Yes ! how many ?
hanging out with ...
where are you that its still light out!?!?!
LOL!! that is a FINE looking man!!:)
I hear lawn mowers outside, already out lawn mowing so early, WOW !!!
Still working on my drawling of hope he likes it when it's done gonna post it later.
as are you!
Has there been a band called "hairpool" yet?
lol ikr but I do that sometimes because the guy has a cute profile pic lol
NEVER MIND FUCK THAT LAST TWEET & ARE OPENING FOR HIM & WIZ. Yeah I'll be there.
Must meaningful thing I've heard all day: "...hurt people, hurt people...." Lookin back on life, I c that couldn't b more tru.
"1 can put a thousand to flight,2 can put 10,000!" there's more power in us linking arms & joining forces in the Kingdom than standing alone
Water for Elephants is making me incredibly emotional. I do not appreciate this roller coaster of emotion.
Hi,it does
why are so expensive?...It makes me sad that i can barely afford them =(
Baltimore businesses can save money by recycling. Ask us how - Office of Recycling - 410-396-4511!
yeah! Still stoked about the movie.
I've noticed it's very common for Lakers players to have bad attitudes and anger problems... Im just sayinnn!
I love with all my heart. I hope that someday my dreams will come true and he'll follow me. It would mean the absolute world.♥
This is the definition of BULL SHIT! The #giants had that game.. GO FUCK YOURSELF GREENBAY!
Really wish admin had chosen some other name for its 'everywoman' #isthisgonnagoonforrestofelection?
Super impressed with marketing/content strategy. Will attempt to do similar things with
If i remember right...it's in January.
I grew up watching Wizards, and now it's over??
It would sell
You make me feel like I'm not good enough for you but truth is, I'm too good for you.
Everyone should stop by & get your Italian on or go w/ our Feat. $5 Footlong, Jalapeno Tuna, to get your Value on. It's got a kick!
what?? Guess I know where I'm headed today!!
He may be annoying at times & he can be embarrassing, but say a prayer for my bro tonight. In the hospital w/ one of his episodes. Love ya!
thats not saying a lot.
keep cool this summer man! We feel a small amount of your pain!
Attending session "Learning futures in the digital age"
don't know if ima b able to get tix for this club paradise tour,pure jealousy doesn't allow me to be happy for u
I should be getting ready to go out but I simply can't put down the book "Fashion Babylon"!
highly unlikely
does anyone so cheerleading? if so i need some advice for next year! <3 i'd love you forever
Was a good citizen and got my flu shot to do my part for herd immunity. The nurse was so good I *actually* didn't feel it!
Please take the time to follow
The decision has been made.... :)
I could watch Dead End Hip Hop album reviews all day long
Awww best friends :)))
The CM panel is missing a puppy AND Matthew Harper from Sony - he has great insights into Community Management cc/
Money can't buy you real love or true happiness, but it can give you choices.
#moreplease for me and #moreplease for you. i miss you. let's make film get into Toronto so i can visit.
Ah prom is tomorrow.
oh my gosh....need to tweet!
Are you okay, Unni?
umm.... you have butter on your nose.
can I have that lol
When I'm done working the breakfast shift, I'll have to read the directions and figure it out.
of course it is. But so what, its sexy lol.
I don't think the modern Republican respects how other people were born OR what choices they make.
Now...don't kick it to connelly!
girl she a mess good night tho suwoop I'm sleepy 👌👌👌
I'm obsessed with One Direction. Just a lil bit. I FUCKING LOVE THEM!!!!!!!
Everyone should go follow my bro and his bro !! both got madd swag!
same here - 866 only.
Happy Birthday to my bestest friend and sister from another mister Porschia!!!!!!
There is no place like home
that is insane
I got work period for this project slim #notbraggin. I know u gon get dat joint dat #boofini work!
OvariosMuertos x.x
Wow. I had a flashback about the Organ Grinder all of a sudden.
Live, laugh, love... LEARN!
oh my goodness, you're right. Yes...please. Become a Lebron fan NOW.
finish strong PT. Get that piece of paper and let me know when you get back home we have work to do
The are excited to be here #Engage2011 Thanks for having us!!
Right back at ya! RT : Bikram + Thunder + Lightening = Magic. :) Thanks for the extra push,
how long did it take u to make the world's biggest skateboad
Student printing is back up! Thank you, Technology, for resolving the issue!!!
I swear if I still bit my nails they would never grow back with all these OTs
Somethings are not always broken, it's the way you treat them that need to be fixed
f u
i'm gonna STOP caring for others as much as i do. because at the end i'm the one that ends up fucked (y).
CMA's, recording x-factor. :-)
Everything in moderation including moderation!
Just destroyed a room full of 9 year olds at laser tag!
Kentucky-bound! On our way to Paducah for tonight's show benefitting BEADS OF COURAGE! Hope to see you at there!! P.S. -- did I mention...
Man. My tweeps are dropping wisdom today. Love it
What's up?
What did the rest of the team do?
Video Games
Hey , who do I complain to about your Kindle subscriptions. There are some fatal flaws
just had my name pronounced with a real british accent. sounds so much cooler that way :)
Journal #3 is due to the D2L drop-box tomorrow. Happy Halloween!
ohmygosh... auditioning for beach singers today..
We can only pray we gave you a false sense of hope and you fuck it up. It is shit being a football fan from Sheffield.
hey Kare intern Brian here just wishing you well out in Cali!
What's gd people y'all need to go to brohydemusic.com n listen to tracks upcoming events n check out our photo gallery Brohydez we da bay!
thanks, buddy :) you're the best..
Enjoyed THE BROOD last night at - another Late Nite Grindhouse show, presented by !
Working on book order
warped tour, hurry uup!
ok you see my tweets! so marry me.. lol but please reply to my dm. i legit challenge u to a bball game in nyc. dm me if ur in.
That was some crazy s..t! I could almost feel the pain just by looking at it.
Looking forward to seeing and meeting all of the grantees tonight!
Good luck getting anything done today Ang! They are addicting. Don't download "Draw Something". Just don't do it!
What is Oppor’tunity in your Hand Worth ! www.justsmellsogood-nation.com
Santigold - "Desperate Youth"
I am working on a new dating site niche, I will let you know how it plays out.
Sorry Scott, beers on us!
time to go socialize, drink, eat, test out my new punkin bread recipe!
Have fun tonight! Bummed to miss, but I am taking a long weekend home on Father's Day!
Online college education helps you to amplify your scope of thinking. You can continue to earn simultaneously
Effie's corset was too tight. She died from lack of air. Sorry, she doesn't count.
i know what your going through, its hard, but when it goes away, you will be beyond happy. #staystrong ♥
“: the holiday in a cup/herbal. it was delicious!” Try Pink Parachute next time, equally as delicious!
Sometimes I wish I would have started up a gospel group like I planned
same ol same ol man. How's college??
i love it when 16 year olds say "When I was younger" xD P.L.U.R.<3
If this lil boy don't quit humming "Rolling in the deep" smh lol
Gtg bye;( see yhall in the morning!!!
Here at the #cysummit- Can't wait to see and missing
Black Keys, who has an extra ticket?
up until this point ive lived my life w/no goals
hoping to see you get ur supa-fly on at our #80sNight at GOLD the19th. Bring bitches. LOL
I'm so scared to watch final destination 5. I can't handle these movies anymore :/ i get scared too easily D,:
glorious Shanghai String Quartet concert last night in Boston: hadn't seen each other in yrs. We must play/record together again!
Time for a little GOOD NEWS: The girl we reported missing earlier (Zoe) has been found and is now safe at home with her family! ;-}
North Carolina passed interracial marriage, you guys!
just need to win. even if lou williams lost his scoring touch.
Feels like a draw something kind of day. # boredtotears
funny thing is, i've been to more than half of the states in the US. it's time i broaden my horizons. in due time.
Mega busy day. Tracked 5 songs this morning, then overdubs after lunch, then 2 vocals, now have to mix 13. Gonna be d.e.a.d. later.
4 MINUTES TILL LAUNCH!! #NASA # sts134
Thanks for taking the time to look into the price of BCBS at GATG. Have a great New Year.
: ivy, she looks the part and needs a second chance. Even tho she has some issues
thanks for our awesome wordpress theme update for our home page. It's a pleasure to use :)
funny when a girl asks a guy "why don't you have a girlfriend?" what answer are you looking for? "cuz I'm a gay serial killer"
“ I'm thinking Danm .....I care a lot about Ur crazy ass...smh
#IGoToASchool where everybody thinks they know you because of what they heard
Got some good books from the thrift store:-)
hey sexy thing, how's it hanging bro
The only reason I didn't call and curse u is cause of ur brother....but still ..u never call
She lies and says shes in love with him!!! cant find a better man!
im getting dms lyk every second
See? The decision to move is already helping you pursue sth you love! :) Writing gigs in Jeff... I'll keep my ears open
Are you seeing a Smooth Jazz Christmas at the Mesa Arts Center? Stop by the Orange Iguana after the show for dinner and drinks!
That's right, we're taking over the world, one meeting at a time!
I'm having one of those "I wish we had White Castle" kind of nights.
Our Sunday brunch is a heck of a delicious way to end the weekend.
Glad we can help. Just DM us your preference of background. Favorite team, celeb, company, colors or anything u would like to see.
Woohoo! I'll be in China for 36 days beginning April 8th. I hope to bring you some interesting insights into the Chinese housing market.
just want it to be July
hacked the first day on twitter nice
Need not be well written; just enough info for learning strategists to know what students are learning
Im Justin Bieber You guys might know me as the guy who sings Baby You know, uh, I’m a singer, pop singer I’m white .. haha cute(:
Take a look at the link below and you can view articles form the past 9 months from our online race magazine! Great feature!!!
I may - or may not - have just ordered all the marvel movies
wait that was so weird I literally jsut logged back on a sec ago bc i finished my hw and than u tweeted mee haha and sure!
"The whistles and sirens from the yachts are heard... Until there is a perfect pandemonium of sound."- STRANGE INTERLUDE
Thanks for theRT!!!
doesnt even really say!
I'M A GOOFY GOOBER YEAH!
Nice brand placement by "Subway" on #Giants Justin Tuck 's jacket during Sportscenter interview.
NHL Capsules - San Jose Mercury News: STOCKHOLM—Bobby Ryan scored the only goal in a shootout and the Anaheim Ducks offset New York g...
Diamonds are a Girls Best Friends ..
If you roll a 20, you get Auchentoshan 21 year. If you roll a 1, you get Everclear.
Hit the #gym early this am with beat the monday
thinking about a comeback yet
Keep in mind our sample kit jars are all under the 3 oz. travel size requirement. So YES u can fly with it.
say what?
Agree! RT Combination of factors, conflicting frameworks, lack of comfort, perilous positions.
Why not. good luck
We must recognize that the suffering of one person or one nation is the suffering of humanity. That the happiness of one person or nation
Obsessing over our gold dupioni silk table runners for this weekend's tablescape... they are drool worthy beautiful! <3
Please don't open links coming from anyone else other than the hosts
How about 2) RESPONSE: HTTP/1.1 101 Websocket Protocol Handshake \r\n CONNECTION: Upgrade\r\n ... PARSE ...\r\n
EZTAXI :) RT : I texted yellow cab. What's the txt # for Flash? I didn't store it. They are so much faster, too
She really sang it well! RT : Love Kelly Clarkson!!!
Hello friends! Happy to connect with you on Twitter!
:Amazes me how a cookie can create millions of fans in Facebook and so much buzz in social media. Great job Oreo!
the weekend?
because your an ass hole! You have no idea what you actually want. And you really have no idea what love is!
Good studio session with passed up tonight!
Come on #Bruins!
Can we start tracking Peyton's whereabouts on NORAD like Santa on Christmas Eve?
Naa You Looked Hella Fine (well thats what I thought):)
I'll be able to make it through the rest of the day now that I know that Goldie Hawn ate at Cafe Milano over the weekend.
Plan: Wake up, Dunkin Donuts, Get Pumped, Not Sweat, Rock the Interview!
sometimes i wish i could just pick up the phone and say everything...but whats left to say?
not today! It's so hot! ☀
is thinking about heading to bed!
waking up and its gloomy outside...my kind of weather ;)
Do something that makes you nervous each day. Try a new cuisine, for instance, or wave a sausage in front of a feral dog while skydiving.
This girl is the most sweetest person ever! Sorry lovee!
Hi !! We see what you're doing there!
When it comes to business success, it's not about the resources, it's about the resourcefulness of the entrepreneur.
Yeah, I'm thinking I might want another opinion once the choices are narrowed, but might be easier to get to that point on my own.
“: arrive to office. Only crumbs r left w/in minutes as co-workers devour these amazing crackers.”-glad ur enjoying!
Happy #Pi Day!
#Cybermonday sale of #onelight dvd has been great help to me in doing #NILMDTS sessions. #apollo Thank You!
you'd be a hot lesbian.
Thanks for the RT! It was so great seeing you & Saturday. The #FSFChicago event was FAB! Congrats!
OH. MY. GOD. Ryan is absolutely murdering the ball out there in San Diego.
Red Party tonight people......
#safehouse is trending..... lets get #traphouse trending too
#SometimesIWonder where I'm gonna be in 5 years... heck, even 2 years
haha thanks babe! :) is my baby brother and he like has no followers :) havent talked to you in a while.
Having my own wine adventure, just like Sideways. But instead of wine country, I'm home alone. And instead of wine, I'm drinking Pabst.
Preach it girl!
woke wit my loves :-)
Host a party! More than 80 fragrances and dozens of ways to enjoy them, Scentsy has plenty of creative gift ideas for everyone!
Specyphi tomorrow night at J&B tavern in Mt. Carmel come out and party with us. Going to be a big time Rock party. Wsg upNya
You Need Some Subs For That New Shit I Just Put Up Or Some Monitor Speakers Lol .
Norah Jones singing sweet melodies with Puss n' Boots
Probably alone on this, but I think the #advertising world does a pretty good job distilling songs to their best parts in commercials.
Its so hard for me to walk away but i know i can't stay<3
sorry I thought you may have been a PT I run a directory
Happy first day of spring!
Thanks for the Mention, have a Great week end!! Ridebsafe!!
EVERYBODY GO SUBSCRIBE TO youtube.com/user/ABTheRapper
Dear , please play 's single 11:11 . AND I WILL FOREVER BE HAPPY. <3
BrentwoodTNHome RT : Nashville Pizza Co. in Grassland and Franklin is donating 25% of all profits tomorrow to the Red Cross
Time moves so slow when Im at work!
I often find myself asking the question, Why do I root for the Chicago Cubs when all they do is put me through pain & anguish?
Whoop, my first blog subscribers!! So glad I won't be writing to a non-existent audience entirely. :)
Who's got it better then us? Noo-body!
partying on a friday..... YES
La Mesa man who lived in house destroyed by fire is in custody on unrelated charges: neighbors complain of constant problems.
you sure do seem to have some adventures
The shoe is just a pedestal of the whole body of the woman.Christian Louboutin
Drake and Rick Ross should of performed Aston Martin!!!!!!!
I love watching DWTS. And when my two kids are sleeping , mommy gets to relax.
S/O to making Moves that count...
Automated Business Products 4955 Peoria St. Denver CO 80239 303-778-0600 Call or come by and check out our show room. We have copiers!!
last night was a fantastic show with at
Be sincere; be brief; be seated. ~Franklin D. Roosevelt, on speechmaking
I can't believe it. The whole crew follows. #DontStop LOVEYOUGUYS. xoxoxo
just picked up my prom dress and jewlery
Best known for her work with #FleetwoodMac, #StevieNicks performing at the Fillmore tomorrow and Sunday at 8pm
Friday Humor: "Don't take life too seriously, you'll never get out of it alive," - - Elbert Hubbard
Their losin by 34 wit a whole quarter left to play
Everyone keeps bringing up Prom... Ugh shut up.
what up Oaktree
need someone to talk to :(
Tea bag made by tea leaves picked before Grain Rain:one of the solar terms. Boseong green tea is palatable to natives of the jeolla-do
GUD MORNING #Everyone.!
Going through my closet to give some clothes to #charity. I always remember the day when I didn't have much so I always try to give back xxo
I know it's trite, but flowers really are nice to have. You can get them with accompanying chocolates, stuffed animals, etc.
check out "end of education" next. You'll love it
Im only silent cuz Im busy . . . this doesnt mean we arent tight anymore. Come on now . . .
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama <3
agree the insurance costs have hit me and I'm covered for less.
So... someone thicks (again) that I'm #NayshaLopez. What do I say?
Steven Beacon goes to Washington to run for President then finds out its on the othere side of the US!!!
We were just voted best #tshirt website of the year! We awarded it to ourselves, but hey, that still counts.
I really wish the AZ cameramen were better at following those massive bombs to straightaway center.
Kirkland Performance Center
LOL Ik I look at it ALL the time I'm like OMG he's so hot!
RT“: The anointing has a different sound.”
In the woodlands(outside H-town) Widespread Panic is going Bananas in the pavilions!
When I see adults with a full set of jacked up teeth, I blame their parents for not getting that sh** fixed!!
Congrats to my pals star latronica Barbara Genco Judy Freeman & so many others on the #ala Alsc elections
I'm game for the new one if y'all doin that, sold my copy of 12 a few months back
not a wiz fan anymore
looks bromantic sir! ;)
Tony dapolito rec center isn't old; its vintage!
In our weekly staff mtng. Of course the major topic of discussion is Only a little more than 2 weeks away!!!!!!
I love everything coconut lately. Especially those coconut M&Ms.
Great first day at #NCSL with #umwleads...now to do some hw so I can maintain my leadership position
Great night# swaggin
Story of my life this last year... Not sure what to do...ugh
I miss u girlyyy
thanks Harvey. I got 16 of 18. Only ones I got wrong were the most games played by NYY & who nicknamed Reggie Mr. Oct. Nice job!
Jennifer may I share your tweet with our #SOT community please?
That's solidarity! RT : I canceled my appt today @ Kaiser Oak. Won't cross picket line! Keep up the good fight for quality,...
The only reason I still have my FB is so my mom knows I am still alive.
Met a bunch of super cool film makers tonight @ #ActionOnFilm. International film festival. Is was great meeting you all !
theme from #mrbelvedere has been stuck in my head all day. if only it came with a snarky but efficient British butler
Where u at????? Are u home for the day?
Maybe a week or so before the event!
Just another day trying to get it, got to beat the odds
My team has 11 accepted offers in 13 days! Can we go for 12 or 13 today? LOVE this market!
Just checked the mail. Sigh. Still no invite to the #Indians Social Suite. Sigh.
Well I guess I'm gonna go to bed now
#sacscoc Teach learning strategies & build confidence of student to help them avoid using crutches.
Karaoke Tonight with The Sexy Silver Tongued Song Master Jimmy Champion and his Back Up Jittery Dancing Diva Anna!! ...
its like wicked sunburn. Lol. And getting a rubber band snapped on it. Just make sure you are well feed and bring gum
one of the best points: "Exxon's investment horizon is not the same as Wall Street"
we can't wait to host your party...LOL
Omg Tia is not going to be on the next season of the game...
Soon-Soon-Soon! RT“: "Open-Open-Open!"”
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. ~Anton Chekhov
Thanks for reaching out. Welcome to the neighborhood.
: I think millions of readers across the world would simultaneously have a heart attack from sheer joy.
Will they ever learn
RT : The #Pisces woman can be fascinating without trying, but She wants to be loved and has to feel protected.
Glad it worked! :-)
Have a good day! :)
Really looking forward to seeing Larry David play a nun in the Three Stooges Movie.
I'm sore! :/ lol can't wait for watch week to be over! :) haha
Happy 25th anniversary TOP GUN!
Babies haven't any hair Old men's heads are just as bare From the cradle to the grave Lies a haircut and a shave. Samuel Goodman Hoffenstein
Sick! RT Game Of Thrones is pretty awesome.
Our very own Chef Anisha Jagtap will be speaking on "Hamburgers 'Off the Grill", are you going 3/15/12??
So I guess i'll give up and let these tears fall, i've been holding back for so long.
Why am I cooking? I don't even know how to cook..
Cool. Sounds Great . writing it on the schedule now .
a cool thing would be for you to tweet me<3 your amazing
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. I hope you have a fantastic day <333
B.O.B album Strang clouds is tight
I love my baby boy oh so very much. he means the world to me and he makes me so happy everyday<3 #IDontReallyCare what you people think c:
lol of coarse Grace especially how good you guys are too me mostly when your nice enough to give me a ride.
Gathering with MD clergy now to strategize the dream bill.
school was good i have an EOC tomorrow ahh please be the end of the year im ready to be a sophomore :)
If the songs I just recorded come out as good as they sounded in the studio I will be a very happy person
lol yeah i guess!
Yeah, it rarely works with scholars, too. But sometimes all you are left with is some lighter fluid.
Up in the Gym about ready to get these workouts done. How have you been? Give me a call later when you can
Borrowing music from daniel? Yep.
Work + Internet + It is about time=thank god
HAHA I did say that! But dont get to excited about having success against the Brewers Minor league team. This team has 2 hitters
Wait.... Obama gave the douche from Jersey Shore his own room in the White House?
Allow me to weigh in to question. STIMULUS. Big projects stimulate PRIVATE investment in areas beyond the subsidy.
...past his prime, but still elite!
OMG JUSTIN #BOYFRIEND IN UK AMAZING <3
Thanks , , Adrian from , , Ward&Co and others for stopping by the Writers Club tonight.
Loved that non-Greek students attended Greek flagged #txsummit sessions!
And there go the car alarms. That shook the windows.
Watching Elf.... Hilarious!!
I would but I dont have ur number
Paul's Boutique (1990) is a work of art. "High Plains Drifter," "Hey Ladies," and "Shadrach" are jewels. The whole LP? Inventive and funny.
my streak of appearing in 12 consecutive year books is over :(
I bet Hagen is super excited! I can't believe Bri is graduating!! Happy Holidays! xoxo
young hearts be free tonight #time is on your side
1st question with our new name: if you could do anything for #college credit, what would it be? shopping, eating, laughing, breathing...
Today's Layoff Bounceback Tip: Keep track of your job search efforts so you can follow up with employers and contacts.
you sound very angry, behan!
AUGH SO HAPPY. RT : we're getting married!!! only the threat of dismemberment is keeping us from eloping
Ski Mask Way
Wow. My internet just got a LOT prettier.
Good morning to you. Hope you have a great day!
Snuggled with in between classes
yay! Can't wait to see them!
guys should stop thinking with thier heads and stop thinking with thier heads (if you know what i mean)
come check out "Filabusta" band tonight! 9pm come dance the night away
Found a treasure for this weeks hymn. Be sure to check it out either on fb or ahymnaweek.com.
The great recession was caused by subprime mortgages. Subprime mortgages was caused by income inequality which republicans provided the rich
Who is stoked for our show this Saturday at club 156?!?!
How come when I reach out my fingers it feels like more then distance between us?
Did you go back to Old Nassau for Alumni Day? Tell us about it!!
I don't care if your sold out, I'm showing up anyway .
People are like seasons, they're bound to change
you have a star wars tattoo? Marty me? 💍
2 hours down, 8 more to go!
ok I'm jealous...
I hate when i get 2 crushin over men that arent single smh damn if they not married yet its fair game
TKS for the follow, see the image attached-design based on children's garden. Will donate art if you can use it, let me know.
itd mean the world to me if u RTed this!!!
Thats what you get for talkin sh*t about us. You just blew ur new money contracts dummy. Ur a true choker.
Thanks for the RT!
My elbow can predict when the weather is goin to be cold or rain (y)
Is thrumming always monotonous?
Oh, Monday.. how I missed you.
I want to go to the mall. I need a new nose ring.
yeah "smart phones" are a pain in the ass.
About to watch the kids play some soccer:)
hey Keith we r having a benefit for on April 28th. Any chance u could donate something signed???
The Bare Knuckle Boxers playing all day! Step Dancers at 2pm
Hehe ^^ & glad that you're smiling ;) I'm good, thank you xo
bahaha that is so true! Youve witnessed this first hand!! :)
And dogs and cats! RT: I'm going to start a social media conference where we talk about the weather and sports.
That's my point. MT : That is the most boring debate ever. Why don't you two talk over tea and crumpets?
Couldn't resist. Had to buy a mega millions ticket!
I've taught kids about the lipstick pistol. Now, I can say that I've held a mustache gun.
My little butterfly is giving me the death grip while we are in line for the 's lights out haunted house!
Did I ever tell you that my Orientation Leader partner is a ninja...her name is Sammi Biri, Google her...
good morning
Eating dinner while watching Grime Scene: Crime Scene Clean Up...that's normal, right?
Our 3rd annual paintballing event is about to get started! Pics coming soon!
#duh !! Happy birthday!!
On way to boston for show ROYALE! Gonna b an awesome set tonight!
Making bracelets!
It's not you. I'm on 24-7 Bobbi Kristina watch which makes it hard to leave the house...
The Pic Just Sent Me Lawddddd !
#PVIFF bound in couple hours. Hopefully we can come home with win for our screenplay Wednesdays at the Gem! Will be good time either way!
Google will lockout/delete accounts of people who are not using their real names. And they are serious about it.
She frontin, she is a video vixen RT : ii dont wana be in no music video!
it was an incredible experience. I am not unfortunately. The fam is in destin this week and will be coming home on Sunday
Thanks girl! We were just all around downtown. It was pretty crazy out. Miss you!
I love so much :* like it's unbelievable how much i adore you <3 BELIEBERS VS. THE WORLD :*
Seminar Series Offers Canadian Data Center Professionals BICSI and AIA Credits for Power and Cooling Efficiency
ppl w tatts r way more fun 2 c NAKED!!!!
Ugh I gotta wake up at like 7am to go shopping for a dress for athletic awards Monday ... 👎💤
hey you. Follow us back!
"But if you want to be in the hospital, I'll be happy to put you there...in the MORGUE!!"
Anyone know a way so that only selected "Circles" on #Google+ show up in your gChat list? I just want certain circles to show up.
Dr. Giedds: can humans multitask? Poss not. Rather we switch back & forth quickly. But with small "multitasking tax"
The refs in this #Nuggets game need to be fired...seriously
Ust had a great nap!! :D
The wealth of the sinner belongs to the righteous man. -Proverbs 13:22
Coming up next on the TJMS: Damon Williams and Seriously Ignorant News!!
oh you know me..puffin a cig in the bathroom stall
#3WordsOfAdvice: Love yourself first.
Going out with the high school crew. Gotta love mah girls !
We'll have #glutenfree Jumbo Honey Currant Muffins at the Hillsboro FM on Saturday. I had one for breakfast this morning. So good!
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
That was one of the nicest showers I've ever had. Omg
I pick Paul George to win dunk contest.
But I actually can, so invite me.
I wonder how many places he played where he got stuck with the audience behind him?
omg I'm devastated
So who do u guys think won the debate or would like 2 see as president? Seeing how U support cynicism & Retweet against Quadri
most def #goodtimes my love <3 your amazing. The best ;) :D
Would you be up to go grab a beer in the next week or two?
Hey ! Thanks for all the support and the retweet!
oh - to be clear - I'm just talking smack. Nothing official. But don't worry, Danny's never leaving the hill.
None. The Olympics are a complete fraud. At least the rules and the IOC are.
ill come after exit interviews
thanks for following me :-) So lovely to meet you... thanks for coming out. "Russian Ivy"= love it!!!
I got the one about a Chat session but I've been unable to make it over there. That's the only one.
#DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen THATS OK: we are thinking long and hard on how & when you will pay for your mistake.
Awwh yeah! #markmartin in 8th :D come on now! bring it home! (:
Speed van shooter is in custody now.. details coming at 12pm on
HERES TO ALL "Username or Password incorrect." TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH
When I need you, you're not there. When I moved on and forgot about you, you come back.
Worked w/ a young player today. Was going 2 use Lebron James as a point of reference,until he informed me that he "doesn't know who that is"
Any predictions on February weather? (i want snow! how about you?)
#MantaSMB What steps is Manta using to promote their site, so listed businesses get maximum exposure from being on the site?
#WW Thanks for the mention, Mark! Back at 'cha!
Crowd at #occupyLA begins to sit down and chant "we are not moving!"
Awesome, glad you enjoyed! Come back soon and we'll hook you up!
So, last night I dreamed that I finished my wordcount and was done with my draft. Then I woke up, and now I have to do it all again :P
I know lol
lucky mexican moms in the USA that get celebrated for mothers day twice
Many talk importance of people/passion. Few incorporate strategies to reinforce re: Hseih. Biz would b better if words were axn
Fancy! RT : OMG! will get a SHOUT in 5hrs when #RamonWOW takes the stage in Sydney, Australia
I hate when people act like children
Some dudes get the wrong females pregnant
I am NOT proud of my name, it is TRULY a blessing from the stars that i have the name Phrygi, now Freije (free'g; originallyPhryg & Freij)
Bout too watch the game at my patna house!
You seem like a young person with an older soul.
they ass weak
We're in Shreveport next weekend #NRFL holla at us
sounds like a plan...
Well it says you're following me.
everybody dies but not everybody lives ~
Yes. Our listing manager sends it in our reports to our sellers. It's awesome!
Yay Robert! Welcome
I'm kinda thinking the guy in the glasses is pretty hot..won't know for sure until he takes his shirt off
Grrrrrrr this seriously blew my mood... I've had months to prepare but reality is real!
Sgt Pressman is getting the privates into blogging shape at Nashville Wordpress Bootcamp
no were jst friends :)
it's bike month and bike lanes are more than Transpo and is the only one who sees the light with bike transpo
Tomorrow's the day! We are excited to see all of the high-impact environmental applications.
I watch Disney Channel substitutes ♥♥
im very impressed that looks awesome!
i need a couple good books published 2011 or 2012 for 1st and 2nd grade. Twitter go!
Can't beat a sunny toronto and smartypants audiences
nice use of rn't.
North! North! I'm going North!
When someone tells you to follow them but their Username doesn't exist... <<<<<<<
Blog vs Fbook RT :Interesting social trend: More & more companies are quitting blogging & just using Fbook instead...
how about we play chess on the computer?!
I regularly guzzle an inordinate amount of water, but on days when I ✈ it just never seems enough. Time to bust out the coconut water 😊
love this season of #Apprentice! But- surprised it seems is the only task client who didn't contribute extra $$
OMG Watching JT in SNL on MTV!
Yay got the scholarship for thai school.. I start this month to excited!!!
My theme song, Michael Knight, is blasting in my ears as I roll into Dallas to visit the Garland Fam.
OMG it is way too early!!
i cant read it ! :P omg i want to read it!
#Products are made in the factory, but #brands are created in the mind
Out of curiiousity, I clicked on your link, but it didn't take me to the landing page. I was hoping to read / see Kates story
got the never say never fan cut. real swagger. like to use that word, even he it doesn't fit in my sentence. follow me please
Today's pizza is Hawaiian! Canadian bacon, smoked gouda, and pineapple just $12 and free toasted ravioli when you mention this tweet.
Where is it based? I may be interested.
What info do you need? Email us and we'll do our best.
GM peeps...feeling blessed and ready to start off Tuesday ;) now where the efff is my coffee ^^
And to think the Lakers turned down Bass and Rondo for Gasol
Anderson Cooper? Lol
..theres no place like home.. ..theres no place like home.. ..theres no place like HOME..
This. RT : Awesome...
Well, if it's a birthday present, it's a necessary ;)
4 success factors in #networks: intentional process, focus on relationships, bldg momentum thu action, engaging levels
come on now coloring books aren't vegan? What next, broccoli? :)
This late and Im still waiting?
lost big last night to Arkansas Wings by like 20. Kids got over confident after Cali Supreme win! IMO. Game against BABC at 8
freezing drizzle* and west*
new track "So much Gwalla" ft. is a banger!!!! Newest and hottest record out!!!!!
Any Friday the 13th gigs tonight? Who's playin?
If you suggest not following , does it reply to you with your answer?
answering my mom only with song lyrics from now on
did you receive the email?
you're about 3 minutes late for there to be any truth to that statement...
Line starts at 4:30pm in the Home Court Gift Shop.
Headshots - Never wear solid black, white or red. Compliment your skin tone and eye color, shoot against a pale, cheerful backdrop.
You too!
Can I get some birthday mentionss?
Is it possible to get some of these things on the older buses?
A #WWII film this Saturday: Terrence Malick's adaptation of James Jones' THE THIN RED LINE. Starts at 1PM, free with Library admission!
i did!
Former Spur Ian Mahinmi getting some playing time for Mavs. Heat lead 67-64 after 3rd quarter.
tonight: Echo Parkian painter Mari Eastman gives artist talk , 7pm
When I was growin up I wanted to be a doctor or some shit now kids growin up people wanna be rappers... What the fuck happend
I listen to old podcasts from NPR or boogie to some old vinyls
That Awkward Moment When Someone Yells At You For Clicking A Pen But You Have To Click It One More Time To Use it .---.
I'm sorry!! Well your the best Mexican I know!!!!
You and Gonna follow meh?
Did you finish the first one?
dear I know I have said this before, but u never respond. When will u be on ? I would gladly subscribe through the internet. <3 me
Funnier still...He drove off both times.Individual is not raggedy.Clean clothes.Truck looks fairly new...
No biggie I won three kids choice awards... You can fellash me later
I don't know about me but I know about you so say hello to falsetto in 3...2...swag.
Don't let something that doesn't matter cause you to lose something that does.
Yawn~stretch~blurry eyes~foggy brain. Coffee...my kingdom for a hot steamy cup of coffee. There are still so many words to go...
Worst night's sleep. Ever.
Eagles game on deck lets see what they do
if you live near a Lululemon stop by and sign up for 1 of their weekly yoga or fitness classes! great way to get in shape for free!
u should have on your show :)
im from #Chicago but i been in sac for awhile. na i dont know who that is. u know em?
Busy day at the firm, several client alerts coming out about family-based visas, H-2 program, and an update for nurses.
why are you so stupid :/
Read T. Wynn's blog @ www.twynntales.com I think b4 the end of this week my topic will be on loyalty.
RT : I am filled with encouragement and overflowing with joy, despite all our troubles - 2 Corinthians 7:4 (please retweet)
“: If you are 6 feet 2 inches tall, then you are taller than 94% of the world.”
I'm a big fan of pizza party of one!
thanks. mario? right? Austin here.
Thanks for following! :) <3
the movie! And your cinco.
Another big S/O to You're the best!!! :)
Happy holidays from your friends at Semantic Arts!
Studies show lack of water is the #1 trigger of daytime fatigue...Good bye RockStar...Hello Aquafina :)
They are crying because he won't be suspended I guess. Too many fans(Caps included) watch games with blinders on.
Apparently the time planting the children's garden has even effected the way I talk. I unironically said 'that's a tough row to hoe' this AM
you've now gotten a bob carlisle song stuck in my head :)
Cold in VT today
haha I literally LOL'd xD it's funny seeing bios like that!
SMH on young moms y'all hoes need to keep y'all mofocking panties on and stop having sex
We have been insanely busy writing new music and getting ready for some upcoming shows.what exactly have you been doing?
The same could be said about Mark Schanowski, as well. Pretty much every pre/post game host in Chicago is a massive homer.
I'm pretty sure it should be illegal for lebron James and Dwayne wade to be on the same team.
or a necessary flip? yes. RT : replace critical thinking w/design thinking -- interesting flip
my eye hurts like a mother fucker
no... it means #drinkability!
We're thrilled to welcome you as one of three 2012-13 Scholars' Lab Grad Fellows! (Formal announcement coming soon.)
hahaha, dang. Become a nurse! & give me your EMT job:) lol.
that smile gets me every time....
I like really really want a macbook for my graduation.
Okay I got u ;)
HER GIRL FRIDAY is looking for a FEW GOOD VOLUNTEERS for next Friday's rooftop mixer! INQUIRE WITHIN:
I love you so very much and I think your really pretty and I hope I get to meet u again for my birthday but pleasee follow me
Denver will be lucky to have you...good luck, Godspeed, & safe travels :)
Off to see The Bluest Eye in Santa Monica. Second play I've seen this month- this is a habit I'd like to keep!
it was aswell! Hahahahaha the shame!
I got u check me out also "TheMsMckoy" my channel I love him.
is excited for Tailgate Tuesday!!! tomorrow! 6 - 9 pm, Dan McGuiness on Demonbreun!
worst NBA team ever RT With tonight's loss to the Bulls, Michael Jordan's Bobcats have now lost 19 games by 20 or more points
Windows is terrible Tiff. Come on to Mac girl! :D
Tired but it's been a good day & this weekend is gonna be sweet
Black guy sup with the white guy he ok need him to tweet! Pats fan
Can we re-enact a poor-decisions version of wedding crashers?
and it's infront of 500 people and i need to wear a shirt and and and :(
what was his talent?
": Budget deficit now at $16 billion. According to "
This Is Not A Great Way To Start The New Year ):
we are from there and looking to get people out to our shows :)
Watching Casablanca. Never seen it before. Should be good!
RIP Old Navy sandal. Lol so funny
was right, people really don't wanna see successful women.
If only my biology would read itself and take its own notes....
your bio annoys me
Talk does not cook rice. --Chinese Proverb
Only one meeting on my calendar today.
Should i try skool tommrow? D: ugh
BTW, SF plans for August, w/ Be there.
excellent. didn't know it was on Spotify. Adding to my queue
I'm sorry to everyone that keeps getting weird shit from me. It IS NOT ME. Ik what the hell is going on.
Me: Grandma the bulls lost by 1 Grandma: Aw shit WTF Me: Lmfao
cool kindle fire.you cooke
Finally a match for lets go Christian
oh lol really?!
Tough way for Matt Stainbrook's season to end-in my opinion there is no way he should have been tossed-he had a great year nonetheless
GOOD MORNING :-)
BC football hosting it's annual Lift for Life to raise money for Ewings Sarcoma TOMORROW at 1pm. Be there!
Yeah. I write a Twitter feed dedicated to the worship of an 18 year old college kid and even I thought it was weird.
“: intern with you in a year or 2 I hope :)))” keep in touch!!
congrats! and welcome to the club =)
So you're saying Abreu has proven he's a veteran...that's accurate.
Initial iOS5 reaction is that text input is slower (3GS) but the small UI changes are a nice improvement
The Smithie spread from your natural habitat of New England is a worrying ecological trend.
"Can I get drunk if I sit in a kiddie pool full of vodka in the sun for an hour?"
