the stickers keep me going
why are Springer books so expensive?!? even the e-book... 99.99...
I have a feeling Cleveland is not taking a WR now.
The more energy we spend watching someone else and comparing ourself to them; the less energy we have to do something great ourselves.
Hopefully they can speed that section up via signal preemption? So new, but it seems a fixture already.
wow bro, is that instagram? that on android now?
Glad you are coming out to MA area & would love to catch up; hope all is rock & rolling with your writing & life; happy #WW !
Cupcakes are almost ready for tomorrow! :)
ok thank god!!
Its just so sad. I feel for them.
i see you
Ate some lettuce from our little urban garden today. Waiting for the radish(es)(ii) to sprout.
well God of War 3 has great graphics
for food or dancing or resting or earth-is-awesome or mankind-is-awesome? and what month?
WE NEED EXCITABLE ACTION FIGURES
The sorting in tweepi is really good but you have to deal with pagination. It takes a bit but you can bulk delete losers!
you should tweet that at and see what they do :)
funny, I was thinking coffee, soup, and grilled cheese day!
My motto. RT : It's called the PAST, leave it there .
Don't wait on a record deal. Do it yourself it's 2012. Let help. Invest in your music.
Congrats on the deal! Gonna miss you in the red and gold, but you deserve this deal!
Hey thanks! We are excited, y'all should get a team and go Streaking next week in Nash!
No pants is definitely the way to go
I forgot to do the chemistry packet !
you would be listening to that kind of music at night ! Lmao
Bring your needlework for inspiration in an Unconference discussion of handicraft bloggers and intellectual property rights
Hubby is worn out, battling high bp, recovering from bronchitis. Plz pray for him as he ministers in prison this a.m.
I won't give up on us. Even if the skies get DUDE WHAT THE HECK!!
The reason why it never worked with anyone, is because the right one is still out there.
What will you offer in service to God this day?
they say everything happens for a reason, so if I smack the shit outta you, there's a reason I did! ^_^
sounds great!
State your new name today and walk in it with belief.
"You expect the (football) staff to have some sort of control on how things are handled with recruits when they visit. This is ridiculous."
Just destroyed those cheese sticks.
To do list: go home, shower, call #oomf, then sleep.
We are thrilled to have been a part of it!
yeah was thinking bout you the other day wanted to get yer thoughts on the KONY thing.
So Here's My Number RT : Call me maybe
but fashion is definitely part of the fun.
Lost in the woods
"Facts always describe the past. They are good to have, but you don't know if they still apply " ;
this tree is a sneaky little fucker. 💨
I hope my musically inclined friends keep making playlists because I'm enjoying them and totally helpless on my own. ()
When you generate a new flow of life force within your cells the dense energy connected to illness transforms & the body heals.
Doing diabetes section in your medic class and you just wanna skip the section cause you're already a pro on it... #diabeticslife 😔
Prizes include Best Literary costume, Best Librarian costume and *NEW for 2012* a prize for the person who traveled the farthest!
That was favorite song when he was 2. In fact he requested they sing it in Sunday School once.
Not a fan of the biggest diva in the NBA? Just the 2nd biggest
Thank you! Happy Thursday!
Toast pop out da toaster you niggas could get hit wit some hot shit
Feels like crap.
kevin went hard!!!
I thought I pinned a lot until I started following
10 more likes and someone is winning a free loaf of bread!
Thank you for the bday wishes, Chelsea!
thanks, David! One more post coming from Niagara Falls. You two doing anything special today?
! we just posted a new pic to our tumblr page. there are a few shots of you in it!
glad you're having a goof day :)
Let my family try and figure out some of the logos. I look back on one, they guessed "trogan condom". Really?
We need to run the ball and go up by 1 our defense is playing great lets run clock
Yay happy to have our fave RT : Hey Foodie friends! I've missed you all something terrible...
love this quote. you will get a grammy :) <21 follow me?
I will always love the de Kooning's from the 80's.
Go Wings! Watching the Lakers missing Alligator Lounge and Devoe Street...lets see if they can pull this one off!
Is it just me, or is a college asking its own faculty for donations a little strange?
I think I'll release my inner Keef/Gram/Townes/Waylon instead and let that guy sort out the wardrobe ;)
Go see movies by yourself. Healthier.
had to become a fan, you're the worst AIR player but the thunderbest.
IT IS SI HOT OUTSIDE ING IT'S LIKE 85 or 90 :o
DearChapter 15, we need to talk. Well, you need to talk. I need to type. You talk. I type. We'll set a good example for Chapter 16, okay?
ait did the chat start its not working for me
Former UK men's soccer coach Ian Collins is new boys soccer coach at George Rogers Clark High School
Starting an editorial video/portrait piece on 30 artists under 30. Anyone know anyone that would be interested in being featured? Message me
Excited about the opening of , a new high-end consignment store from
hit me up homie. we in this bitch
thx for coming by :)
If this war is neverending, I’ll take this love down with me ♥
RT : "Your ways, God, are holy. What god is as great as our God?" (Psalm 77:13)
I love the palomar, I have all 4 fish lined up to my left!!
the ATT team does a fantastic job! Big Kudos!
I'm commiserating
Add me on myspace is DjHotBlaze08 add me there k thanks
Which one? I'm not connecting the two ...
Showers are amazing. They make you feel nice & clean, make you sound like a professional singer, & help you make all of life's decisions.
I'm putting 2 up that u will follow me today in case tomorrow never comes.
both awful. Go for Panera
thats pretty awesome still. I'll be lucky to get 12.
that time you hosted friday night lives was awesome! lets grab coffee sometime
Broke my computer screen, that's why you don't bring them with you...
what are you doing? big data processing or just need a database?
they deliver to philly?? Haha... Damn do I miss it!!!
Join +more in concert n Cincinnati Friday, 5/18 at ! RT!
Off to school!:(
hope you had a great time tonight!!
NEVER SAY NEVER. hehehehe
majority of DM's are either spam or sexy/ehh thirsty people. No one sends a DM just to talk xD but I fall easy
is finalizing post production on a restaurant project in the Gaslamp Quarter and is finishing shooting 30 aerials today.
can't begin to tell you how great the buffalo filet was. The highlight of my Dallas trip, no doubt about it.
yeah it rules! To bad I am American and have no clue what it is but bc it came out of ur mouth I know it's cool
Come hang with us! RT : I'm at for Dirty Water Fridays! Come play!
Oy, I'd better end this day...got to be up at 5 to prep for another school visit
does it count if we put the video on replay?? :P
soo good seeing ypu thos weekend. You and better be rolling to bg before you leave for good!
So don't miss all the bullshit I use to go thru with them drunk ass customers at Checkers
That's an interesting zippered shirt that Josh Byrnes is wearing.
The heart surrenders everything to the moment. The mind judges and holds back.” ― Ram Dass
People see it as doomsday but the song says "this could be your finest hour". Your a light on a hill. Are you ready to shine?
Hahahahahaha;) I do that with Austin on all 4 accounts:LL x
Practice tonight...possibly working on new original music? We shall see....
and I want to see your show!
Short day at work...long night of packing. I do this to myself every single time
better solution: just blast Korn into their wall when you're not home. :)
Funny how time flys when Scholars are well behaved...lol.
sounds great! Love to get a job like that
I hate waiting
Q7 Dunno why, but Where the Wild Things Are freaked me out when I was a kid. Do have fond memories of Nutcracker illustrations.
Oh shit, Human Centipede 2 is on Netflix. Tonight will be glorious.
See the FB page for important letter to Superintendent and Board
Thanks for this! I need this today! :)
Just announced! Stacy Keibler is now hosting the VIP Party at SUPERDRAFT on August 27 at the Palms in Vegas!
Print1Media has a fun, new website. Come check it out and let us know what you think www.print1media.com
Very sad news about Adam Yauch.
ikr! i love it too..one of my favs.. :D
ur one of the people that she's following and I was following some ppl that she's following
and they're all yours! Get to work ;)
Young christian at work is done :( now onto easter
Darren Whitehead's message at Willowcreek on Aussies and Giving ~Awesome!
Can't find it!
just made my night!!!
Man there's a lot of SMUTS on Twitter
so... YOU'RE SUPER AMAZING AND TALENTED!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!! <33333
W/my momma at the hospital checkin up on the baby :) I like this hospital... It has wifi.
ya shit was hacked, FYI
Poor little hope is wasting away. All I want to do is eat and drink now that I am home
Prioritize your goals for today, you can not do everything at once. Remember: Small steps, BIG STEPS
Man niggas ain't been trying to let me won't say no name (Ja'Shayla Hightower) But I'm ah get it doe lol
Use a service like in conjunction w/ YouTube, Vimeo for video. Former drives traffic to your site, latter gets you the most exposure.
I really wish my brain would sometimes filter the things that come out of my mouth
just bought #BOYFRIEND and am listening to it on repeat. LOVE ITT <3
#LMSunSIG ask faculty the one aspect of their course that they want to do better or have trouble with. But only 1 thing. Start small
I was just testing you.
u have managed to screw up AGAIN for the 4th time in 1 week. I didn't know anyone could be worse than Time Warner but congrats!
And in my honor, I would want a huge blunt of some lemon g or sour diesel passed around to everybody. (yes even my granny, who's never!!) ha
Just cleaning my room and watching 's twitcam LLN :)
No problem, we all had a blast...just don't let any of those pics make their way to the Internet :-)
I will DEF. be placing an order!
2nd street lamp on 2400 block of Boston St. is out.
I HATE MOST PEOPLE... :/
i am fish pet sitting :)
Never try and Hustle a HUSTLER!
Wtf is this shit about Justin and Niall fighting?!??? I'm late
If I get 40 #RTs on this l'll post a video of my singing a song that one of ya'll will choose!
The day I'll officially feel old is when my cousin whose 12 is on a social networking site. I feel like that time is slowly approaching
Come support your #NYRANGERS & #YANKEES tonight here $3 bud/coors drafts & $4 bottles till 7pm!Come Bounce with us!
Hey Steph, we hope you had an awesome time with us last night! What did you play?
hate.hate.hate. Internet Explorer.
- Hey thanks for the follow! Stop in today for Lunch today & celebrate the latest with Prop 8 by getting 8% off your food!
Wait, whoa....beer?
We'd love it if Sufjan Stevens could be interviewed for our music documentary about the loss of woods for acoustic guitars
With all the new programs Indy Reads has added, we are going to need MANY more volunteers - 250 by the end of summer, as a matter of fact...
Here we go... Terri Jordan starts off by talking about the importance of trust with the community
I think that is the method used to drive potential husbands away.. Wine tasting? Really?
Both teams played hard.
Count ye rosebuds while ye may...
RT : RT : The way to accurately predict the future is to get busy and get involved in making it.
UPDATE!!! #LEGACYyearIII w/ & is now set for WEDNESDAY, JULY 11
Part of doing a job, imo, includes good customer service. So no, she really wasn't.
please research how much we pay county supervisor. Total not just records, including perks!
yes Cholodenko for directing
Great to meet you! Tell us a little more about the project? It looks very exciting.
i was trying to say i don't mind going to jail
All right! Nice page you have there, thanks for compiling it.
Watching the #Rockies right now is giving me diverticulitis
Hi Josh. :) You guys keep up the great work! Proud of you!
nice meeting you too
Did you see the #SuperMoon tonight? Beautiful!
Aren't there 7 continents? Lmao in elementary school we learned a song that went "7 coninents on the globe, count them all with me" hmm..
I wasn't ready, so far from ready
RT : So stoked for and tonight!
Great lunch with - will have to make it a regular thing.
ADR Software Contracted to Provide Automated Workforce Monitoring Service at Construction Sites in Denver, Baltimore ...
Apparently was in the office today...doing something animal-y?
ah yeah, that's a good choice! definitely check out some of the others too though. there are some great ones!
My iPhone is broken. I press the home button but I'm still at work.
I guess im off this for tonight!
Rachel Maddow for Meet The Press!
When people are blasting rap music in the middle of the night . -__- I dont care if you "go hard in the paint " I'm trying to sleep.
We are bringing back the Chef & the Kids Art Park This Saturday 302 S Rampart FREE Spring Earth Day Crafts
Saturday or Sunday - I'm suppose to be up there on Sunday
the test isn't till next Tues. We should def do happy hour soon I'm gonna miss you too :) How long are you in D.C.?
I need the #kardashiancollection geoprint TriBeCa jumpsuit like yesterday #amazing times 10
not The size Of the shaker but how you shake it
Yep...you got it!
Just finished pulling out our third batch of fresh ice cream today
Thanks to all followers!
But it was the kids' first visit to Disneyland and B's 11th birthday on Wednesday... so it was a good and sad week and so a bit surreal.
lol yeah sure! Thatd be cool cuz ive never been off this island of Oahu before! Do you live on the mainland? What state?
Thanks :) I appreciate it.
I miss old pandora!! Where I could skip at least 5 songs before an advertisement!!
I'm back!
Nice win 4 the CARDS over ND, next up UCONN, maybe a Big East Tourney Championship? Maybe a #2 seed? Whatcha think?
I did the same thing but it was on the floor
Officially 8 Days Till My Birthday Can't Wait <3 -Sonny
I think the field is wide open for you. Craig Sager came to my mind first. You could beat him if you simply wore more tacky suits
I'm warm
Hi. My bestfriend is finally nice to me. life is perfect.
"I just teared up in my doctors office while he was examining me". This news is DEVASTATING.
Packing up ready to head out to shoot w
Recent Followers Thanks :D
Sundays are meant to do things you enjoy...like drinking wine. All Night Happy Hour begins at 4:00pm. Come by and snag a seat! Cheers!
I'd rather been punched in the face right about now.. I need to get out of this town..
Im bored at home right now
"Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do." - Benjamin Franklin
Really? :( RT : A new Pew study finds nearly 7 in 10 local news readers wouldn’t greatly miss their hometown paper:
“: I hope Snoop, Dre and 3-D Pac come to Green Bay this summer!!!!!” yes! That would be awesome
“: dragons den auditions were great thank you!” Way to go Nicole!
is temporarily out of service due to the derailment of thought, estimated time for repair is unknown.
i second that nomination for I still don't know what a novella is though hehehe
Needed: means of watching #Arsenal vs. #Wolves. Ready? Go!
lmfao @ all the change that fell out of wherever you just had the change
Massive hole in my jeans, oh well still wearing them.
Looking forward to 826 Valencia Breakfast in the morning with Jeff Mayersohn of even if it means getting up way too early.
if this is the case in #omniture "The maximum number of characters an image request in Internet Explorer can carry is 2083" what happens?
Want to win a $4500 package to the PPC Aruba? Includes a $3300 ME seat & $1200 for travel. $520 satty at Isle Pompano at 3pm. See you there.
definitely do the same, it feels amazing lol
awww im sorry!! you can still be my valentine!! =D
If we females are talking about one another, of course a man won't feel bad about calling us a bitch or a hoe. Women do it to other women!
Cool read, how I discovered two cool writers, read that shit
Just read Icefall by Matthew Kirby. It's sort of Grendel for the YA gang. Vikings, berserkers, bards, war hammers. What's not to like?
It also shows that you guys miss Bosh. No one else really scored for The Heat beside James and Wade
When is it and where??
Man on third, no outs. Salty k's on 3 pitches and punto now down 1-2.
Former President Reagan's grandson Cameron Reagan was arrested by LAPD shortly after midnight.
Stretching your ears is kinda like picking a boyfriend. Go big or go home
Let us know what delicious dishes you plan to make with today's produce box delivery :) Enjoy your week!
Watch out Twitter. Pinterest may be my new time capsule. :-)
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
Lesson learned: Don't take a drink & read 's tweets at the same time. It's not pretty, friends.
I know it was awesome. We were there too. If you looked up you would see us. Way up!
Starting to look at a lot more "new deals" with developers who see an opportunity to fill the coming inventory gap with new product in 2011.
A mercredi au Living Room!
Shout out to She follows back (:
We're almost at the first quarter of the year! Are you where you wanted to be when '12 began? How did you #TakeAction?
Happy Holidays and thanks for the mention.
Oh how I love my online accounts
Craving Brunch at Fresh donuts, Pulled Pork w/ Poached Eggs, Mussels & a London Calling Cocktail. cc
Do you "mow the lawn" or "cut the grass" ??? -Conway
This is fantastic news! Three cheers for
Junction Rd. off of Hwy. 26 in Jefferson Co. is closed after a truck carrying ethanol rolled over. Unknown if truck is leaking ethanol.
If it doesn't feel easy. There is something you havn't discovered.
liike i can't tell you. well atleast not on here. or really idkk if im aloud to say anything.
“: HATE YOU” hate reciprocated.
Nice site and idea. Good luck, guys. We make training mgmt programs & content for paper industry, so keep us in mind. :)
do u like The Band Perry? :)
We going be up there
I am serving full stick in traffic realness! Lmao!!! Grr
On another note, who puts in a bigger dipper: burnett or hoffer?
i wonder what they have for lunch
so true!
thanks for the follow neighbour!
And it raises money.
Pride and Joy by Stevie Ray Vaughn just came on the radio. Seems some stations still have a good music taste.
haven't seen that face in weeks =[
Hey, Josh, congrats on general excellence. Good night for BizWeek.
"Hey there yourself, hough (hot stough)."
I've decided to co-write a book with my Dad on Fibromyalgia (its a muscle and tissue disorder, which runs in my family).
I just typed in "can you use rubbing alcohol" in Search and it autocompleted with "to clean your ass" -> wtf yo?
I meditated this morning when I should have been moving my car for street cleaning.
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed - Albert Einstein
Confession #5 I love spongebob. YEAH I SAID IT! AND WHAT?!? lol
"The dress must follow the body of a woman, not the body following the shape of the dress.” Hubert de Givenchy
So much driving!
Man i wont see yhu. Cause ima be out of town for a week. And i leave tmmrw. How long you gon be at work?
How about that $300 to $400 tooth-cleaning. The one that makes you want to cry when the vet says she needs it.
I'm about to go to bed....
I've got to fart.
Thanks for the update
Coming off the Bay Bridge this afternoon, on the Oakland side, I noticed tons of litter & heavy weed growth. Reflects
Pay Attention !
#ShoutOut to all the Seniors I ACTUALLY FUCKS WITH at Mount Ida , Godbless you guys ! I wish you guys peace & prosperity. Fuckerryone else!
I want WAFFLE HOUSE !!!
SM101 listen & engage! RT : Crazy!: 95% of companies don't answer posts/questions on Facebook!
thanks for the support bro
so get on it lol
Thank you! Wonderful to get to this point (and excited to move on from here!)
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 37:32 with Nike+ GPS.
Many times the best way to get experience is to do an internship.
do something you would like to see on jackass
If you run for governor of Illinois, make sure you can do the time.
How are you today?
Happy new year to all!
Crying because 1D is coming to my city in Summer 2013. YES.
RT : I voted YES! ONE union is a powerful union! RT support the bargaining STRENGTH of a merger....
#aupolisci Getting Published in Political Science launching with introduction by
the effing apartment complex will tow my car.
smash in to it, you are titanium!!! :-D
Wilson's Monday night madness. Take Missouri +1.5 ncaab
I'm about to go to bed
Gm my ppl
From yesterday's trivia: did you know that "Yesterday" is the most commonly covered Beatles song, with over 3,000 versions to date?
Whoa fat fuck
There's a special place on whore island for you.
Hmm how far off are these concerts?
LeBron James is dominating the 1st round, let's see him do this well in the #NBA Finals.
I have a hunch Dolly Parton would be fun, and she's got a program to give books to newborns in KY (I think)
“: Never worry about haters::: better 2 b hated then 2 b invisible”
two hours to go and still four and a half pages. almost there. i can see the light at the end of the tunnel!
great seats :) you know I followed you because of your writing blog LOL! I am a nkotbsb nut - can't help it ha ha ...
Q3) by building a connection between two new concepts using a bridge between two known concepts.
A new D-Film addressing the senseless Murders and Black on Black Violence in the #Detroit Metro Area. Coming Up.
thank you for the kind words! And thank you for all you're doing for children. What a wonderful organization.
birthday tomorrow, or are you converting?
thanks. I will give them a call.
Looking AND retweeting! RT : LibraryThing for Libraries now has its own Twitter account. You're looking at it.
You are following the wrong Chris Damiani..lol chris is
Thanks. Spent lots of time thinking about and writing it.
Season premiere of
tried getting 49er tickets to surprise my Fiance....but man, they sold out in minutes!! :( lol!
RT : talking #remodeling #additions #kitchens in
you text me first!
“: So strong. So handsome. #swoon” you need to come down here tomorrow & run out there like
I agree! Not a fan of his, too lazy!
yes he is and comes from a very similar background like our kids. It is through A program called Just Say Yes.
Its only noon here and it feels like the day should be over! #genealogy is keeping me busy.
It was great to meet you at #sxsw. You've come a long way from Lake Havasu (I'm a Tucson boy myself). Let's stay in touch.
At the mall with jazmine :-)
nice to have you down! “: Loved visiting this evening. Less social (but still friendly) and more focused...
So, 100 followers as of today...
Getting ready for tomorrow's Economic Affairs meeting, as well as Thursday and Friday's session!
Can't believe the Clippers eliminated the grizzlies. It be something if the Lakers and Clippers played for the west. Conference championship
And the girls are so hot, seriously why are me and not in Florida supporting spirit and his gf?
Take the stairs two at a time instead of one at a time. This causes you to have to exert yourself more and increases your heart rate.
So many men so little aspirin.
The web site is blowing up with close to 1200 views setting a daily record in the last hour. Thanks 9News.
Amen Elmer Davis, Amen :)
Fuck everybody today not in a Good mood
Indeed you can! Decide and it is done. ;-)
ROFL! With a PhD in that existential phil, I suggest trying Christianity. Now that scares the HELL out of me!
buying stupid shit on polk...
Shit today? Everyday !
Now entertaining job offers for web development in the L.A area.
You'll probably find someone but you'll never find another
that is so sad!
Too sleepy to pack. Will be bringing a flask, a toothbrush, and my cat-haired covered work clothes from the night before.
Actually, I've never really thought about that. I want to make sure I say something interesting myself. :-)
Just saw #JackandJill w/ #AdamSandler. It was a lil' goofy (of course!) but it reminded me that everyone can find that someone rite 4 them
Phil Lynn Drunk....
Just caught up on my DVR shows... I think my Gleek phase hath faded. : (
I'm allergic to ignorance ....
Today is a special day, its my mommy's birthday, Happy Birthday Mom I love you so much. :)
the sign up page is blank...Ariana I have a whole song that I want to show you but I cant because of the link please fix it?
Who's Awake
I've done it. The trick is to put the cereal into a tall plastic cup instead of a bowl...:"D
RT Are congratulations in order? < Ask whether it should be congrats or condolences. Maybe both! :)
Please follow me? :D
Just added our Celebrating Spanish Flavors class on March 24. Check it out!
Ben's Dream White Sox defeat the Brockton Reds 12-7 in their Game 1.
I must be the only person who find the $JPM piling on of Jamie overdone. They f*d. Let's fix the f up and move on.
done!! Follow me, and have others follow me too!!
stay posted, we are still working on editing our interviews, my computer has not been wanting to work
Who's ready for the #Chargers #Raiders game on Thurs?? We'll be on that morning talking top #tailgate essentials. Don't miss it!
I see Dick Cheney got a new heart. So does this mean GW Bush will get a new brain? Who gets courage?
Come in Kane I'm listening!
If I can't have you then I will have no one at all.
Thanks , saw your comment on and I'll give you a shout
YAH! Daughter Chloe got her first goal in 3rd grade traveling soccer today! It was an awesome site!
Open space and opportunity hahaa
You bet!
Happy Birthday to Rep Dwight Bullard
Feeling guilty, splurged on a #kindle, has sat there for a while, any good #book recommendations, I'm looking at you
I hope the Dallas Cowboys picked a bust as a cornerback as the 6th pick overall.
its not my music its !! But he is about to blow up. Help spread the word.
RT : Messi just scored his one-millionth goal of the season. Really impressive. Oh, I meant 70th. Still not bad.
I had a dream too MLK. Though sadly, I didn't wake up in a beach mansion in the tropics with Kate Upton in my bed, so I guess you win.
Clouds should linger much of the day today but it will be a bit warmer with highs near 40. Thanksgiving forecast on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS AM.
hi shaunna. I'm up front and would like to say hi after the session. Keep up the great tweets!
My friend backstabbed me today! I thought we was really FRIENDS until..she says things that's not true about me!
Start counting down
Sometimes people think that you can just throw a design together in an hour. My thought? "Yeah, if I had Color by Numbers!"
Good sleep is a component of good health. If worries are keeping you awake, try journaling - it may provide a way for you to "release" the…
The 12-step chocoholics program: Never be more than 12 steps away from chocolate! ~ Terry Moore
I can already tell this is going to be a bad day
"Breathe Deep, Speak Easy" the 2012 theme and logos revealed!
Missing the game right now to help with auditions for his show and I couldn't be more excited!
Nice win by UC today! #BearcatNation great game by
Moore said he can play despite the broken nose and Braun is fine as well. McLellan hinted at lineup changes, though.
Thanks Howard, you know we always want our H-Town squads to win
dude. loves Joann fabrics.
u said it LAST YEAR.. Maybe this year no ..
great job! every time i see that video i start to get really hipped up!! also tp nice rap u both r my idols :)
Whats happening tonight ?
I make a delicious batch of homemade Friday night popcorn if I do say so myself. cc
Words cant even describe how much of a bad day i have had.
And there is a toddler throwing firecrackers at me
who's on that team? you coaching it?
Am trying to write a review of 's THE YEAR OF THE GADFLY and all I can do is flail. Translating that to text is hard!
Looking forward to another #Foodiechat tonight
thanks Adam - looking forward to it. Hope things are going well for you!
if u watch tv online after the fact like me, catch my friend stellar guest spot on last week's Grey's. so exciting!
Welcome new #bookworm friends
U just fry them?
My pals from just popped in. They make a good Chillspot for hot dogs! I luv mine!
Bulls have confirmed Rose out with torn ACL.
Is this the real thing or is it just a one night stand?
Thanks for follow. I take weekly lessons from an accomplished local instructor. Your videos look excellent; look forward to it.
Go give our friends in Forever Sets The Sun a 'Like'. They are some genuine dudes and rad musicians. Let em' know OIC sent ya ;) <3
I wouldn't apologize either
just did. Why are they so adorable together?
Word ! RT : Sometimes I hate you, sometimes I love you.
(Okay, that last part was a lie. But close.)
what's that new survival movie? 147 hours or something?
I need something to do this weekend .
your dad's company is a sponsor at Vitense and you don't even get free stuff?
Thanks for the warm welcome to UMBC and Baltimore I'm looking forward to working with the Soc/Anth dept.
Thank you, your very welcome! Its nice to hear from those that benefit from some of my posts! Seems we both live in Newark.
NYC be jumping 24/7... I need someone to show me this night life 4 one weekend,,,,
oh ok.Well when ever you want to make a change,the rest of the world will probably still be here.God will continue blessing U.
Any contemporary #monologue suggestions? I need something for Wednesday...
In and out of DMV in less than 25 minutes. Who says all guvmint is inefficient? It ain't in Daly City, CA!
Today's Magic Relationship Word is UNDERSTAND.
awesome thx for asking and yours?
Michael Jackson had the #1 song on this day in 1972 with Ben. I love that song. So sweet.
Happy Friday tweeps! What's up for the weekend?
John's back
i feel ya 100 playboy.
Meaning it's a little bit not-stupid? Or just not a very big thing?
i did will he follow da ppl dat sighed`in?? V£RÏFÏ€D
so society trudges on around the same old worn out groove; lie, tax, steal, rape, molest, deny & sell it all as entertainment & advertising
What is going on w this?
the stadium is probably so silent you can hear Freddy Sez and his frying pan. Oh wait.
Fletcher said people told him there was no one left to support him after DeMaio got the far right, and Dumanis got the establishment:
Catching up on rss feed of tweets from on libraries, publishing, copyright, and digital. Always so much useful information.
And #Caps continue #gutless play after the game by trying to act tough with 3 on 1 after the whistle. Starting to hate their pathetic play
but since unfollowed me, I lost the code he gave me, no I never got to actually use the theme I won :(
um. If you're going to drunk tweet, don't say you're about to drive home.
play with yr feet uruguay
Move over Star Wars and Star Trek. You've had your time, and it has passed. Now is the era of the #MassEffect3 universe!
Master P Was Grilld Out Tho !
BNI in the morning followed by acupuncture, I will be in the Lake O area, anyone want to do lunch?
Good Monday morning! How does $600 dollars worth of gas sound to start your week? Stay tuned to the CBS 58 Morning News to win today's prize
Thankyou for being real. A real person and a true friend. Dont ever change cuz your freaking amazing. Txt me if u evr need2<3
are u playin in nationals next month???
Get up, get out, and do something
1 time at church, there were a bunch of babies crying & i really think it was the devil trying to prevent us from hearing the word of God...
just discovered theres cucumber water in the kitchen at my job
can't sleep....
“: you were my pick, I believe in ya” I'm so sad no
Who are you? Why are you replying to me?
I feel so relaxed right now...great day at the beach...
Proud of my wife. first backpacking trip. 10 miles round trip and 3k feet elevation.
We have period 1 tomorrow  maybe ill play sick so i don't have to face them...
This girl saying she gives up on 1D cuz they dont tweet fans.. #smh. I get ur point but you're leaving them?
don't expect me to open up to you and tell you "everything". i don't do that with anyone, but because i know i can trust him.
Thx Charlie. Shoot me a link when you get it off the ground. Looking forward to reading it.
haha well after that midterm from hell I don't think that studying made a difference
Happy veterans day to the fallen and the brave who risked there lives for the USA!
Wii Review: Rhythm Heaven Fever via
RT : How do you decide what data is worthy both before collection and after having some results/data to review?
ah, i always forget to check their blog, thanks! [:
Learning how to make the sweetest little old fashioned Japanese fabric flowers. Each little bloom has a poetic significance, and I love that
Boom! Triple & Home Run so far for Tabata. Half way home!
RT : Reading is a discount ticket to everywhere. -Elizabeth Hardwick
Damn Frat u Hosted 2nite like a Champ, Happy Founders Day
exactly: See Chris Weinke. Struggled from Day 1. not saying Weeden is Weinke, but he's example that 28 yr olds are rooks
isn't that the truth. And contrary to male opinion. Just because women are nice to you it doesn't mean they want to sleep w/ you
This week I'll be at -tempted Tuesday's -superstar Wednesday's -wild thursdays -juicy Fridays -after dark Saturday's !! Come say hi!!
Tonight Buck Wild Wednesdays happening right now!
Fire the offensive coordinator! Bad decisions made today. Horrific!
I made sweet potatoes. :D
shut up , you love my smell ;) let's go eaattt . & oh yeah , i'm going to jump out of the car right now. Bye.
Fourth day up at cabin. One ski injury, everyone else sore. Lots of quality family time :)
Very soon! Early next week is the goal.
High Drama as MBS Hit Lowest Prices of The Year
Friendship is a game where the rule is simple: Watch the other player’s back
ugh me too! Snoozed like 4 times this morning
I have too many to count. :)
Happy Christmas and Merry New Years to you too, Todd.
Gym scene <3
Have a wonderful eclipse weekend, everybody@ <3
At 11, we will be having a book-binding workshop at the children's area tent (marked blue balloons)!
would u like some info on our food event in 2 weeks so Northeast Houston can know more about how good your food is?
i will and u like math lol jk i hate it and english
yea right. TRAITOR. Its been fun though. Now all we do is talk shit about you in the chat room
Finally back on the twitter train... is on Twin Cities Live today. Watch at 3 pm on channel 5!
Good morning #Seattle. What a wonderful wknd we had! We're working on a tweetaway this wk. Stay tuned. Come by for lunch today 1st & Stewart
Today was a very interesting day!!!
“: She wants to have some quality time together with you, no phones, no distractions, no nothing, just you and her.”
Don't think I can vend tonight...hahaha
HEY PDX! Happy hour starts right now at the LR!! Come relax out in the sunshine on our picnic tables!
i hate when nice lovely people turn into mean judgmental people
Excited. After work, trying out for the 1st time. I've heard good things!
don't overanalyze!
Thanks for the follow.
Thanks for the follow, Chris!
Oh my...#praynforthepplinjapan/hawaii...o.m.g
well it has been a good day up until i heard about what people have been saying about sorry i mean debby ryan
Yoo ' want some REAL tweets. this kid aint lying , #FamilyLove. follow my coussin. (:
RT SAN ANTONIO? TWEET NOW IF YOUR STILL UP
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never met.
RT if you know what happens on June 5th.
No. 12 Illinois lost to Illinois-Chicago (UIC)!?! Message to Illini "big men on campus:" regardless of opponent, got to bring it every day!
ur kidding right ? It was freakin awesome
Desiree but it's pronounced Desiray
#HappyBirthdaySRK Cake and Champagne party this Saturday!
Somebody play draw something with me :) Breanna_caitlyn
Looks like our bass player Andy is now on twitter!! Say hello to
Happy #worldwaterday! Teach your kids w/ "Why Should I #SaveWater" by Jen Green- #NeverTooEarly to learn!
Coming to an American League city near you. RT
My stupid sister got me so tired ! She's so annoying ! :/
“: You are never too old for a Disney movie.” exactly!
Oh yay! Let me know, we should all hang out! :)
Has anyone seen Loiter Squad yet?
SMH...hit you from my politics account... meant tweet it in the entertainment thread.
Dont understand why I try anymore I just get screwed and get my emotions played with.
So the other day I got called a black barbie..........that was pretty cool haha c:
theres a lot of things i will tolerate but i cant deal with people who always point out other peoples flaws.. your not perfect either!
Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in awhile, or the light won't come in. - Alan Alda -
he can expect pro bowl play, but I highly doubt he is going to get it from Clifton
Hope you get better soon. Hoping for the best.
he has no handle Gregg. Achilles heel.
Do you ever think about me?
Nuking oatmeal like a champ.
Hey I heard u were a wild one....if I took u home it'd b a home run show me how u do......
Hello from a fellow EAV player! :)
You know its gonna be a good day when your favorite songs come on the radio.
Ugh i gotta write a damn speech
Start time here at Sessions Stadium....830pm! hosts kennesaw st in our ASun Opener!
On my way to Market Square to see #christmas lights!
#SongOfTheDay ; Sexy and I know it - LMFAO 😉 😘 😂
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage Lao Tzu
Dang it school on Tuesday :/
at least I didn't tell a dead baby joke lmao
This Pacers/Heat aint no where near as aggressive as the Memphis game.
I had a professor who told us that realism wasn't as important as believability.
good way to live.
Oh, I just discovered 's MyActivities features — so cool! Now I can keep track of everything I do :)
#ccwebinar Nick DiCristo founder of www.ClickCom.com speaking today on Mobile Applications and how to use them to grow your business.
Watching peoples reactions to what is written on my car is hilarious.
Breaking news: Tom Benson has renamed the Hornets the "New Orleans Murder Rate" cause next year will be a KILLER season! Anybody? No? Okay.
I think we have like 17 different possible workflows for our digital publishing project. My exec summary needed an exec summary.
you're a champ, buddy! Hope your hands okay!
you two are just adorbs.
Happy Mother's Amy :) U r truly a great mama!
I'm in the process of making a list.
I love me some cheap.
A XENOPHILE is someone who is attracted to that which is foreign.
": So the Spurs and OKC pulled out the brooms but the Lakers are going to game 7 but they're still the best team in the west?
Follow back :)
Sad, but true. Yet it works. RT "gotta still blame some of the modern day coaches for continuing this. I'm looking at you Bo"
When this game is over, it'll be more like #AssUp #WeMissYouFish RT : Game 2!
Seven pages down.. three more to go... school starts in four hours
Memphis is cold, gray, rainy. Like you need a coat!
Spent #NYE at Hualalai...agreed wonderful! RT the #wine team enjoying sunset in Waikoloa Big Island this eve
Great info Robin! Thanks for contributing!
Why, thank you! ;) Hope your Friday is going well. We're doing karaoke at the restaurant tonight if you like to sing, too.
Q: Who will sing Matt Sharp's falsetto backing parts during the Blue Album portions of the Blinkerton tour?
Hear, hear! Can this be a sign to hang in all businesses? RT Social Media Presence Needed, Stat! NO really.
Its on and poppin, the Casey trial down here begins NOW!!!!
Thanks for the RT, Christy :) Are you back in town yet?
Wait. What exactly DID I just say? I don't know ya see
Everytime I see a motorcycle I think of
in a way, i understand what you mean!<3 But, he's new to all this attention and all these fans, so we gotta give him some(cont)
what's the song of the day?
I knew that bitch was A ! >:]
You're welcome! I wish I had more actual advice. Good luck and share pics when you do it!
my dog is great, she knows to poop in the shade! #shihtzu are so smart lol
I bet your around 15 or 16! (To be honest..when I first met you on twitter I through you were like 18!) lol #Notkidding 😜
good luck :) <3
order me one! Best picture ever.
gives a shout out and props to at ! Do what moves you/Move your way!
bacon does indeed equal happiness. Well played.
I know!! I hate the heat
actions speak louder than words!!
Morally grey areas
Guilty. As. Charged.
that's cool. I'm old fashioned, too... don't like humans touching mine. And I never have problems either.
They were always yours.
Art walk downtown. It's my first time and I'm already
Woke up flipped, facing the foot of my bed. Today is going to be a weird day!
Would love to hear how that works out for you. Art is featured prominently in our film and we are exploring outreach options.
Bacon, Eggs and Tillian Pearson.
. on what we are and what we will be: to "cover every #election across the country...and the world."...
my eyes hurt from crying :(
Gettin my swell on at the gym oh yea
Because I was "out of range" for UC wifi, while in the UC next to press box, no signal. So now all the texts come in! GOT IT! HAWKS LOST! :/
": I get it done at Bouffant salon in the Pearl" >>> Thanks for the shout out girl!
U are here to walk in obedience & there will be many times it's not popular! Humans will always fail you but God will not!
Ashton Kutcher -- The Steve Jobs Makeover
Goodnight everyone, may your tomorrow be the day after today.
Came home to flowers and a note on my doorstep
: this is quite an unfortunate turn in events
“: and letting everyone know where to be tonight! also !” it's a fiesta!!!
I just follow you!!!! Can you????
same here! planning on going again at some point glad enjoyed it, great films transcend "core" audiences
k i'll be back after 1030pm est weds night then [afternoon 1230pm kst for trunks]. trunks when are you free?
I'm feeling very jealous over your Voicelive 2.
GUYS. guess what tomorrow is!? (:
Looking for a place to squat and/or steal from? My apartment is the place! My living room window screen broke, just come on in!- Andrew M.
I didn't know the white man was so nice
Does anyone know why austy was crying yesterday?
emme know when you head this way :)
You mean Swagiana ;)
Yo You! Lovely weather 'eh? Glad I brought my cowboy rain hat
Guess we'll be doing round 3 of the WP CSS Coding Standards (or is that Guidelines?) in #wordpress-ui in just a bit :)
Someone out there is waiting for my help and I am the perfect fit for it. Do you believe me?
trolling...they just want more followers.
hey everyone i just changed my name from to
I THINK YOU SHOULD FOLLOW YOUR PIANO!!!!! (:
is that in/near L.A.? Is the traffic that bad out there?
A day off today..lol wish
Just got the dvd of my last fight from on April 15th. Watching that makes me want to get back in the cage ASAP!
Fat girls need love too...just ain finna get it from me *shrugs*
Me and the #BestFriends and have our college lives planned all out!
Who's teams kicker kicks and recovers the ball?
thanks for following!! Have a great weekend!
Cool thing as u get older & your libido wanes, u can have a meaningful convo with a woman & not feel like u need to conquer her ladyparts..
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
i will when i go onto tht account
noo! AJ you don't get it !!! IM REALLY SCARED !!!!
And what ur talking about doen't even sound fun... Just sounds weird... Get urself a freak not a psyhco, babe.
QoTD: "Luck is what you have left over after you give 100 percent." (Langston Coleman)
i get on there when it comes out I getting jedward cd thier new one from amazon the seller from NC
Thanks so much for the re-tweets!
That's It For Now Tho', I'm Thristy . #Koolaid !
Ready for The Primal Scream from on Are you ready, #Denver?
Cool! I vote they put googly eyes on them to anthropomorphize them a bit.
On the indiana toll road ... The question is sugar free rock star or alice cooper cd. Same price
I think it's cool to be out of touch with whatever is cool today. #IReadBooksToo :D
Happy Pie Day, everyone! We <3 you!
This is seriously getting out of hand...i never did anything to you.?? But you know, your bipolar...so...
is tweeting :')
My parents only had one argument in forty-five years. It lasted forty-three years.
you sure?
Clos LaChance Winery hosts many weddings. Stunning winery
"Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous." (Bill Moyers) In our #webcontent #writing, we work to make every subject
i wpn the bet against my bro! jst proves tht #Arinators stick together!!!:D
If I had a salon it would look like
Happy Birthday ! Wishing you the best... Enjoy your day! :D
is giving away 12 spots for the Seattle Sounders Ticket Holder Celebration. If you are interested please call us at 206-281-7060
you never know bro!
It is possible to share friends ;) cc
Go the the YT channel pudgethekitten it's adorable
Music video ideas? Anyone..song?
it's really good except for the end. The end is such a fail lol
leave school u should text me 8327667069
they got one for girls lol
Some cruise lines are methodically and systematically attempting to eliminate travel agents over time.
#Radio, I hv a #Free #Idea! Closed Caption: put words to the song & commercial streaming on the radio screen, not just title & artist. 21312
Great news, FINALLY! Today, I'm wearing those pants where every time I sit down, the button pops off.
Put Clint Eastwood in a commercial and you will succeed.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 19
Thanks for the kind feedback! Any questions let me know!
named Barry Sharp Memorial Award winner as Top Freshman at 56th Annual Awards Evening.
Big hello to everyone joining FollowEDU today! Is there an Interest list you'd like to see added? Let us know using
So happy that I'm singing on the regular again. This finally wrking out for the best. Blessed!
:P I wonder what that lady thought about us yesterday.
Congrats on going social !
Got off the air at 10 FUN giving away Ke$ha tix now to Farmer's Market and then tonite judging Battle of the Bands Hamlin Pub, I love 2day!
NEW attraction at the forthcoming Apple and Grape Festival in Stanthorpe
surf with alex because i cant sing hahha!
Saying "The Black Keys" too fast will make you sound racist.
My son stopped at step 2 and sat down
my babe has thee prettiest smile :)
i stopped eating taco bell 3 days ago... i'm literally going through withdrawal symptoms #addicted 😰
Where they been at?? RT : Half of my TL OKC fans O_o
#bra stop #tweeting or get out my #head U can def tell we the Same
Twice-abandoned triplets know Russian boy's pain Patience, help key for ... - The Tennessean
Made it home in time to check out and before I hit the pavement! Lol
#Discover tab just informd me that BBC has cancld #BluePeter. Maybe useful after all. #dayruined #mourning cc;
Bestie comes home today :) YaY! :D
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
yup, that's me xD “: Be upfront with what you want from an #Aries and if they like you, you will get what you asked for.”
no worries. Just spreading the word of a product I believe in. :) enjoy your weekend wedding and your quick stop in AZ.
we got your back, beautiful ;-)
get it
Rewatching this week's #MadMen, blown away by how handsome that Bernie fellow is. Who is he??
Standup comedy battle finals tonight! Winner gets a slot in the MKE Comedy Fest. 8pm @ ComedySportz $5
follow me first
Dinner last night was quesadillas with Frontera salsa and Tischler's tequila lime chicken. Delic! Sadly, no leftovers.
That's right, you have like 12 sisters. I can only imagine all the American girlness.
Great, thanks for the advice.
RT : It's funny how people have strong opinions on things they know nothing about.
The ladies love crashed ice racers who knew
Suggestion – Fourth, Share a humorous story without attaching a point. This works great because your humility will attract the audience.
George Zimmerman is exactly the type of person I would cross the street to avoid. HE'S the sketchy looking asshole.
Thank you for the link to that Mick Boogie Beasties mix. I needed that today. What's the time? It's
thats some crazy shit right there
Some things like petroleum jelly or security envelopes are pretty much the same regardless of the brand.
Thank you best buy for messing up your pricing & honoring the sticker and not the squ. I just got a 200 dollar bluray burner for 100 bucks
"Is it stealing if it's already stolen?" Digging In Time more than i thought.
I'm sure they have someone in mind, but you don't replace Suggs. You can fill his spot, but he's a stud. And a Steeler killer.
The baguette has come to be something of a symbol for France! Try one @ Firehook Bakery w/butter & jam & a nice glass of vin rouge.
- just for you! a lecture by the Scott Schuman: "Street Elite: The Sartorialist's World of Style" via
“: Burton: brief is "Solve a problem. Brilliantly." #Publish2011”
when did we get married??? #confusion lmbo
im supposed to be wearing them.
Doesn't Robby Thompson have a son or something?
Watching #LAcomplex. It's like another #melroseplace but for people that want to be famous.
So... I wanna be a bartender
I feel like talking on the phone right now.
Bicyclist being followed by police on shoulder of 95S by Columbus Ave
My Nig don't try it!
Thanks, Darcia! Happy Writer Wednesday.
How r u MAMA!!? Im looking 4 u?
Only one more day until the 2nd ever SBC Challenge begins! We are thrilled to announce all of the contest prizes
"Please return my stapler"
": my mom wanted me to cook lol"That would be better than a restaurant...cause you are a master chef!
Thanks for the follow! :)
it has moscoso and alex white as starters... And they aren't even in the majors right now
Whaaaa? Where is this magical grocery store?
Playing guitar can always make my day, every note, every chord, every fret, ahh I love music
merry Christmas everyone!
Few guys came to the office today & gave us free samples of 5 hr energy. Gave them samples of Closing Time. They liked my sample better.
What's up with KickStarter that it's so dang US centric?
Hurray! Thanks so much!
Registered Process Server serving the entire Sacramento, CA community. 916-509-0677 Bank Levy, Small Claims, Divorce, Summons & more..
lol maybe even the water slide at great wolfe lodge! the one that annoyed guy pushed us down!
This is so offensive. MT overheard a mom tell her young daughter at #SRLC, "[...] Medicaid is for losers." (v )
I need to stop lowering my standards :( I feel horrible right now. I wanna be with him but I cant do this to me. I need Jesus :(
xD his glasses flew off hahahaqhaahahahahah that was so funny
U Voted,WE WON! Panel Brand Recognition v Killer Content @ #IWNY 5/17
I like cookies.
Wow MWP amazing defense.
lmao ikr! i shoulda said it louder lmao and when people kept coughing and ur like BLESS YOU
My daughter ask everyday are we goin to ... Like twice a week aint enough
Celtics on fire!
If it wasn't... I bet he's wearing a cape
Freedom has a huge price tag and many have made the payment so we could join the millions that are free
I wish losing weight was easy. I love food to much....
People who work at airports really such at customer service...
In Hudson, OH for Thanksgiving. Why does it look so much like Connecticut? It was once part of New England's western reserve! So cool!
Another boffo show in the bank! Thanks to , , Fresh Hearts and all our comedy pals who helped out! See you June 17th!
study the really good music. problem solved.
Angry. It's time for a beer and a nap.
Keep on getting your paper, keep on climbimg, look in the mirror and keep on shinning
you guys doing the Juggernaut Index this season?
Honor your mother despite her faults, she had courage enough to bring your ugly ass into this world.
just got going w/
RT “: When you attempt to say everything, you end up saying nothing.”
He got a soft 6 and I got a hard 9..
There is a car alarm going off a block away. Reminiscent of my years in Manhattan.
well i gotta go bye to all :) gonna be watching BTR in itunes so bye bye
Loved speaking & visiting w Fountain Hills Rotary today. I also adopted a winning duck for the May Duck Race benefiting kids. Thanks Rotary.
Can't wait for tommorow
is there a way to recover a database from a (dv) server that was cancelled on 12/22?
I did it. I caved in and turned on the A/C. If the "fresh air" in Baltimore was actually fresh, I might have waited it out. But no.
RT : " Tonight: are tonight, 7:30p! Opening artist: Arctic Monkeys." E can't wait!
up-and-coming band, Sherry Turkle and the Digital Dualists, confirmed for the #TtW13 afterparty
Sometimes you end up losing yourself trying to hold on to someone who doesn't care about losing you.
thanks for the great feedback!
wow just saw rock the stage on ellen <3
we are going to miami next week bc biaaaaaaaatch get ready
you are
Music saved our lives
Um, without sounding like a creeper, that you're attractive! I'm pretty sure the fag comment was just a gay guy in disguise.
If I missed any points from the show today where can I get the notes?
Hi Ivana, great list of 7 technologies, thx...will share w/my peops. I am from Berea, OH...pretty close to Medina.
During my Senior Year I have grown up alot. 👋✨✨
i do!
I've got a throbbing headache that just won't quit. Right now it's earning time and a half!
whats the website called agian to buy tickets?(:
The success combination in business is: Do what you do better... and: do more of what you do... - David Joseph Schwartz
The TARDIS interior doors in those two Dalek films used to look so strange; now, after six years of NuWho, they seem normal!
And I'm asking you to be my everything
Yes, Homeland Security oversees both ICE (fraud ring) and Secret Service (Colombia scandal). DHS has its hands full.
considering the actions of Eve. Who do you have as your top 5 jezebel's in the history of the
Looks interesting. Utilizing stocktouch? In any case, curious to play with it. I can haz new trading ideas.
One hour left of the telethon. Any amount would be greatly appreciated.
OMG THEY WROTE A BOOK ABOUT ME
are USA ministers and churches building thier own kingdom ($$) or the #KingdomofGod ?
thanks for the follow when twitter decides I'm worthy of following more people I will follow you!
Haha I suppose. Lol too bad, I don't smoke lol.
Happy 16th B-Day to my Tall Ass Lil Brother Joel aka !!! Love you bro and ENJOY yo Day !
Thanks for the RT! Have a terrific evening! :)
Jimmy Cliff feeling the Sunset Sessions LOVE
I use RSS for every site I read. I've found that if a site doesn't offer a full text feed, I end up not reading their posts.
Goodnight ❤ School Tomorow >.< blah
tried DM'ing but it said use doesn't exist... que pasa?
Well said!
#Romney not doing as well in #VTprimary as I anticipated. #Gingrich dominates #GAprimary as expected.
LOL! I know it's hard to come up with good, unique, original questions! :)
its in the main settings for when you first get twitter x
SEO techniques are important for any business owner, especially with a Google Places page.
Poor Baby Avery died today..The Angels in Heaven took her to a place where she can watch us all..
Here we are just trying to clear our throats and stretch our legs a bit, and all this commotion? Thanks for the interest ;)
Proud to be the Small Business Leader of the Year for the Arlington Council of the Jacksonville Chamber!
You're welcome so what's up?
yea your fired! :-) no worries. Hopefully we will get someone else out again soon.
Sincere apologies! All of our drink specials start at 9pm. DM me your email address & name and we'll get you a free slice.
Let's talk to
i love the 11th doctor but cant wait for the new series
it's a sad day R.I.P. "MCA" The Beastie Boys were the soundtrack to my high school years.Spring Break memories w/the Beastie Boys forever!
Well, All games are CGI Phil. That's the point. I think what you mean is this is 100% composed and non interactive?
Most people very positive and optimistic about the project. Biggest concerns are about detours, construction timeline.
For those #Rockies fans who follow me on Twitter, I apologize. I had major issue with my Tweetdeck tonight. Not sure what's going on.
: so the question is, when does season 2 of Wilfred start? because ive been having withdrawals. lol
thanks for being you!
This popular science is your brand new carcinogen.
If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it. John D. Rockefeller
IT'S ON AGAAAINMMOMB
Enter Coupon Code: FRIDAY for FREE Delivery tonight only!
amazing job
hi, just come back to twitter. it has been a long time.! ..i been busy developing website
WTF? RT : Oregon had its backups on the defensive line and second-team safeties in for the start of that drive.
Woah! RT Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez spotted in Balboa Park yesterday.
Probably cause they are so fucking sensitive. Hell, I RT'd the shit out of them, and made them look like fucking clowns. LMFAO Raiders.
I WILL live in California one day.
Thanks for the interest if you are really interested to learn more about #acting, send your email to us. *cheers*
I got u when I get by some
I need more followers
After 6 years with the team, kicker, Ryan Longwell has been released by the Minnesota
Skittle in Canada r called skittles.
only cause I love you:]
Caught NBC's Fashion Star in the corner of my eye and thought I had epilepsy. At least it wasn't as bad as Speed Racer.
True or False? If an essential oil causes redness, pain or burning on the skin, this is a healing crisis.
Ugh, people.
the perfect song came on "Provider" by N*E*R*D
RT : Sometimes, political journalism seems to just be keeping itself busy between actual news events.
Lets see if Americans grieve for Walter Cronkite like they have for MJ
Does Love Like Woe always remind you of Joey on Blossom too???
just watched the first episode. Fantastic. Are they all an hour and a half??
3 bottles of bleach: $15 1 rope, 3 rolls of duct tape & a shovel: $35 3 boxes of trash bags:$10 The look on the cashier's face Priceless!
Thought that was it, but getaway days here are typically 1 PM RT : MLB Travel rules.
where are you planning your next road trip?
LOL. SLIM SHADY UP IN THIS
same awhh, why can't PCA exist? :(
I see!
That's the effort I like to see!
Headed to Minneapolis today. After the hell I just went through at LAX, I'm ready for a day of relaxation, and maybe a little ping pong
Confession : Every time I read that Mike Daisy is a monologist, I read it "moonologist" like the one Jenna played on 30 Rock.
Hope my mommy lets me go to my babys game at 10:00pm 
they are awesome..did you catch one of their shows?
We look forward to Lesley, Sinead, and Johanna joining the and #AnacostiaDC family!
Suddenly Rush thinks extending unemployment benefits is good for Republicans.
love Issa. True True
Third breakout group discussed the process of empowering, gathering, keeping, coding, and disseminating stories.
The current VP's job description is to sit, biden' his time until he's needed. Thank you, I'll be here all week.
I love Danger Prone Daphne a.k.a
": Wassup!!!!!? " nothing much how are you
i met a guy today named mister. real first name.
Wonderful song! Your voices lovely and REAL!
hope you're having a beautiful time abroad!
Happy Friday #PDX! Where are we going tonight?
homie idk where can we go give options my nigga
Hickies let them know that your with me 
Why can't I fix anything......
If you haven't tried yet, join me at the Mission Valley Library tomorrow between 12pm-2pm for a test drive
If I win #MegaMillions, Good Eats is back on! Did I mention the movie deal too? We split action figure sales.
Loving fall & the fresh local foods that are in season. Delicata squash for dinner tonight w/ sauteed local rainbow chard. That sounds good!
We love avails on a Monday!
Weiner's Breitbart voodoo doll worked
Listening to Jazz music is like an education to me. i find myself doing some research afte listening to a classic track that make we swing.
good for you.where in TX are u moving.
wish you could too! But that's like 6? 7 hour drive? DC is fabulous though. You should spend more time here.
I think John Stofflet looks like Wren McCormick from Footloose with his new cut...
Why isn't there hardly any people there?
excited that at least one female television presenter is involved in the first ever Egyptian debate. #egypt #theydonthateus?
- He's unassuming off the field, but on the gridiron U simply won't find a more talented all-purpose RB.
I will punch you in your face. <3
B/C if youre like Mitt and obscenely wealthy, you have to support society you live in, which allowed you to be obscenely wealthy
Smile, Milwaukee! it's
I feel like I just got socked in the gut.
Day 1: Watching a Japanese pitcher with a $100 million contract. Day 2: Reading how the West commodifies Eastern visions of itself
Two lineup changes. Josh Howard will start for the Jazz and Boris Diaw will start for the Spurs. Post by coming up on...
Listening to Skyscraper <3
my lock button on my phone issnt workingD:<
Good question, I'm also curious.
# dontever forget where yu come from :)
Oscar's nachos on tonight at Lottie's!!
loving your music. Wishing you the very best in 2012. Xoxo a huge fan.
The fedora probably really pulls the whole outfit together.
": Wake up call America! is a badass!!!!" She was AWESOME!! A mini Miranda!!
I'll buy one!
I have a tendency to piss people off and not even notice. But, it's cool, my tendency to not GAF evens things out.
had a really goo night.
#FollowMonday ! Follow her bitches!
Nun much working.. how you been?
I love when people tweet indirectly about you;)
There's a lot of #thatcamp SE people already registered for THATCamp CHNM. Are you coming along?
ur so angry that the bulls are out aren't ya? Lol
lol, she is a sexy man!
perils of enterprise IT - will update
Vincent is so cute :*
you guys sounded amazing!! So beautiful!!!
I need to become rich ASAP!!!
So bored
congrats to on a tremendous launch party yesterday... fantastic group... cc:
God bless America for Black Friday. It's Like early Christmas BD XD :D
Ugh. Money is such a pain in the neck. *vomits*
follow back please
I went to ISTE last year, chose ALA this year. Wish they didn't always conflict :-(
You dont need someone to complete you, you only need someone to accept you completely.
We are kindred spirits Ms. Thompson.
democrats are losers
Midlakes Basketball: Morning workouts start tomorrow...time to get after it.
I would love to chat IRL this week. Let's plan on it!
Thanks for the follows
hello! anyone lurking? lol
I was sad to hear about the pedestrian who was killed this morning.
damn straight
#HappyBirthday to Company Member Mark Alhadeff!
should be reported, but after fire, Libya and Japan. Maybe umbrella tease but story later. It's not new news by this evening.
I don't know, sounds like winning to me. Everyone needs that day sometimes.
add immortal..brewcityluv
Eat somethin' ya silly goose!(;
that's funny, I was watching tonight at the same time and had the same reaction.
This bitch complaining about working too much. I work 55 hours this week. Exactly. 👇sit down.
KILL YOSELF CHICK
gonna get a new tatt..big piece on my back...to me.tattoo to me is like sex.feels good and relieves stress.one year without my grandpa today
Ah don't tell Balk!
I understand but they were just being too blunt. She's an amazing artist but she's not friendly to perhaps your average joe.
Haha, yes I remember. My time for doing that kinda shit was Junior High, since I was taken throughout most of HS ;)
yeah i get you... hey im a choreographer for my class im so happy im trying to teach then to dance
it's like the north pole.. With a liquor store! Ha
At my grams house !
lol good one!
Freedom isn't free, but at a garage sale full of George Michael cassingles it's probably close.
Cause in the end they gon judge me so whatever
says not enough coffee in the world is going to keep me awake today!
Basketball tourney starts tomorrow!! Lets go team.
Standing Ovation
I just learned what the term "Invigilator" means & that I will be one from time to time over the next few weeks & I've been one in the past!
: Thank you to everyone who showed up to create this plan. What we have here is something that every new councilmember will...
All Nominees, simply check apron entrance to the 2012 HBCU Awards - Cover charge is waved for all nominees. Show Starts at 7.
Volleyball was a blast last night but man am I sore. The gym will be fun today … ouch
Gratitude & Grace, thanks for following!
Ordered on 4/23. Supposed to receive them 4/30, still no shoes. Spent 25min on hold before it auto hungup, emailed/no response. Help!
Be careful, don't want ur nose breaking from all that lying RT It's all from hard work & dedication to social media
we love Epcot. Parents just went to WDW and they were not impressed with Animal Kingdom.
Packers offense was absolutely terrible, thanks to terrible play calling.
“: Quote of da day " u ain't gotta worry about winning da race. If u ain't in it "”
My cuzin is a bitch sometimes!
YES CRAZY MANAGING FOR THE WIN
when do u hey out of school?
Taken cared of :)
tomorrow starts the ERNIE BALL BOTB...be sure to create a profile and vote for us #everyday !!!
; thanks for coming over ;)
Im surprised we duked it out this long . Your bipolar ass just being friends w. You is challenging lmao. You Aries are crazy
Lol. Thank you.
yeah i love that.
thanks for the retweet!
Librarians R O C K --I thought U knew!
Okay, I guess it's time for allergy meds before I claw my own eyes out.
Think I might have a cavity :(
Houston is awesome, but maybe you should plan a getaway to San Antonio!
Equality now
Goodmorning Twitter #teamfollowback mention me for a follow back
I'm seeing them play on Saturday at the td bank north garden. Fucking pumped
And your one of the strongest people I know of.
Gave my coastie boyfriend an assortment of cheeses for Valentine's Day & still don't understand his look of disgust
Almost 90* and sunny out in Boston today. Shorts and sandals kinda day.
So pleased that 2 books (from publishers we represent) were named as 2011 Outstanding Academic Titles from Choice Magazine!
May ALL have a happy weekend! :)
Feel like I need a backwood just 2 listen 2 this Redman Muddy Waters....
From my friend #CarolineWaters -"When I sing from my heart, magic happens. When I sing with an agenda, I loose my footing"
I know and e knows u love him
I feel bad for that Broncos fan that got the Tim Tebow as a Centaur tattoo last year. Ok... no I don't.
Lots of calls of "Are you all open today?"
..yea your right
Just left USF.........I think im in love :3
Ha, hardly! I just remembered you handing out something during orientation about sexual consent. A stress ball or a mouse pad?
Very nice!!! Great teaser for the book :)
WHOA LOOK WHO IT IS! I'm good and you little sis??
"Liar, liar... Pants on fire." -Waffle Stomper #90'sAreAllThat
Try to contain your jealousy but and I are hanging tonight. Deep breaths, deep breaths.
you got this! good luck!
Alpha Dog is showing great on this hot day in Chicago!
u hid them!
Quad for 105 points.
Musical thanks for following to and
How do your tweets post on FB at same time you post on Twitter?
we are from Tosa. Trying to figure out a state st. Route
LOLSZ BUT HE WANTED TO TAKE ME TO THE MOVIES TO NIGHT BUT I WAS LYK NO
20Jan1777 to Lt Col R.H. Harrison:I beg of you to consult…such measures as shall appear most effectual to stop the progress of the Small pox
My house is dark af.. I'm up just tweeting like a G.
You want the truth? You can't handle the truth!
After 5 years since There Will Be Blood, have announced Paul Thomas Anderson's next film The Master arrives on Oct. 12th!
Do all u can, with all that u have, in the time that u have, in the place where u r.-Nkosi Johnson
a little late, but congrats on the new job! sounds awesome!
Thanks for denying me! -___-
It's National Husband Appreciation Day. Shhhh... don' t tell my husband! ;o)
My Pain My Purpose My Destiny Women's Conference begins Thursday!! Let's get real about REAL women issues... at 1401 Decatur
Trying to get to follow you is like a second job lol
I was gonna say the Packers are lucky to only be down by 3 at the half, and they're still lucky to be down by 10.
oh MY... That is amazing, my favorite restaurant. How are you?
: WOW!So much hate it's sad.KK, u work 2 hard 2 explain yourself 2 some1 who doesn't no u & had time 2 judge u!
K GOT IT PEACE
To eat at my house this thanksgiving you need to either bring a dish...or a gram of some fire weeds...preferably the weeds child...
Like most things fashion related, it all depends on execution
I had a dream last night that I was hanging out with and chatting with what?!
What's Suzie's twitter? I'm about to spam the mess out of her mentions. I hate her so much.
u gunna get on?
Living Lei Chic: HiFi Coop (HawaiiNewsNow) - Do you want to be a fashion designer, but don 't know where to start? Or maybe you just don
I'm working in my dads office right now and I wanna pull my hair out.
Fired up for birthday dinner tonight at Hungry Mother!
#PR pet peeve: When my HARO request says, "I'm not looking for info on spa pampering days," don't send me info on spa pampering days.
Watch tomorrow to see at the Market District grand opening in Pine! Wonder what the cake will look like?
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor. ~ Henry David Thoreau
In desperate need of beer.......
