My cat just woke up, licked my nose then went right back to sleep ☺ lol
Just skim through the questions & links I posted.
Booty booty booty =)
Oscar Week,get ur 1 guess in by Saturday 8pm EST for Movie of The Year..$300 n bottle of Crystal Champ..My Guess is THE HELP Im+21
haha. how long has it been going on in there?
Did they win the game you went to?
has an amazing singing voice. like no joke...i could listen to him sing all day. <3
Which isn't exactly a compliment haha. But yeah, he's always been a great rebounder for his size.
Relationships are fun
People want to help, they just want to be talked to in a way that inspires them
Im use to that one and done but you got that get it right
Be a blessing to someone today! Think kind thoughts and be slow to anger or assumption. Be gentle with yourself.we r all works in progress.
so sorry!
if my boy wasn't get married tomorrow I'd hit Austin w/ for Cinco de Mayo. Another wedding, lucky me...
noah wrote allie 365 letters, i think you can answer my text
Following man. And spreading the love #Mizzou'04
lol yea I'm cool. Jus been taking a break from all this social website stuff. How are you?
"Maine named most peaceful state in America" #huffpost Of course! Everyone is frozen solid!
well I'm proud to see your accomplishing things with so much on your plate
Thanks for the warm welcome!
haha ive been goodd, pumped that summers practically here how have you been doing??
I love deals! Especially at #sephora. Try code "extra" to get an extra 20% off sale items.
Last tweet goes out to for giving me the idea to use " #oomf" :)
Every time Emerick used the term waffle board, I crave the Rooty Tooty Fresh and Fruity breakfast.
That moment when doesn't text you back and leaves you all alone
nope i dnt lol u got ass hairs let me braid them
Nutella and Vanilla wafers=Happiest girl ever (:
CJ Watson needs to be your bama of the week, week!!!
Herman Cain's candidacy reminds me of Peter Sellers' in "Being There"
I had a great day with tori and katelynn thanks for paintin my car!
Advice on How to Start a Clothing Line From Well-Experienced Fashion Consultant Rodrick Rainey
I just created this account to find online network marketers to follow and become friends' with. Thank you for checking out my profile.
Ha ha four double plays love it
Ive Seen And Read Worst
yeah I'm the lazy one :P
Good morning art world! What are you creating today?
You should print your photo, dunk it in the mud, and tape a shitty piece of yellow film to it. Instagram'd! :)
Any city any town stick me where the hood at.
thank you for the RT and the favorite! James 1:19 is one of my favorites too and one I try to follow daily. God bless!
Here comes #CardiacCapps ... Hold your breath ladies and gents.
When women don't see other women in powerful roles, it's "symbolic annihilation."
Thanks, you too ;)
"Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts." Arnold Bennett
It's Friday
“: I found an Iphone 4 Yesterady...shit made my day lmfao...” Oh I'm glad you found my phone, I was looking of it lol
oh boy here we go againn
I'm admittedly not the biggest #MLB fan but missing #OpeningDay after missing #finalfour is tough when abroad. Go #WhiteSox!
so hes gay?
A study at The Kinsey Institute found some of the most common problems with condom use to be damage (74%), not checking the expiration da...
I miss last year
on it like white on riceq.
THANK YOU!!
Wow. WTG Palermo's! RT : Huge thanks to for incredible donation of 36,000 pizzas! You guys are amazing!
I know!! *excitement*
Celtics guard Rajon Rondo scored 4 points with 8 assists and 3 rebounds in the first half.
John 14:1 "Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God; trust also in me."
I'm running into problems working toward admin license due to not having teaching experience...despite 12 years equivalent wrk as psych.
their lining green up on Summerville... I dont know if I like that? Did you packet pick up already?
Sitting on the couch with :)))
you should totally do that! I'm pretty sure they'd lose the road war against cars.
WTF? I'm the furthest from being a belieber than i can ever be! i can't stand him!
RT : Don't miss my 2-part special assignment at 9 all about bones! Tell your friends! did an awesome job.
thanks for the heads up!
just gave me the best hair massage and wash!
Heavens no, let's kids get addicted to a genre! We can encourage diff genres in an APPEALING manor - but never pressure.
RT : Every nigga that plays for the lakers needs to tear an ACL simultaneously. (Damn! Lmao!)
Are the Bulls in trouble? What's up with injuries across the league? has those answers & more on the show now!
haha we will be here whenever you make it!
This info will be useful! RT RT : Barrio in Tremont serves Tacos until 2am 7 days a week.
And then I spilt coffee all over my dad's car.
ohh lord u dnt even knw what i meant
you are so beautiful! An with all respect your body is amazing! So so gorgeous!
tell her too close them too.... I could smell it all tha way over here
turning 14 tomorrow :p
How on earth was that a tech on Faried??!
So profound! After all these years, I just got outt my way. Amen to that bruh!
I get to do demo this weekend guys, you jelly? Lol
"Vigil" at the Mark Taper--2 hours of my life I'll never get back. Oh, wait, I got an hour back--we left at intermission!
Senior Expo at Foundation House in Bothell is going well. Love meeting these folks with their great stories and experiences!
Mr Davis is killing me with these reading guides!
2011.08.20 #Brewers 11 #Mets 9 | K-Rod goes back home / Blows the lead then gets the win / crazy good fortune
:D vas ir a school?
Congrats on your launch!
tag me
tweets too much
Want to buy book & journal & of course a t-shirt from , but there's a horde in front of their table. A mustachioed horde.
Not Rebecca Black's Friday? "Fun fun fun fun"
clef: what you try never to fall off of. bass clef: where you wind up if you do fall off.
Sounds great. I have to say, I'm pleasantly surprised by the boldness of the vision on these boards. They went for it.
Have a wonderful and safe holiday weekend #Chicago!
I feel so far away being on the West Coast. Right now watching "Say Anything." makes me miss my guy WAY too much.
FWIW, I shopped at one in the UK and it was crap. But I wouldn't skip due to ONE bad location. Dunno if there are any here.
Bringing in more antiques today, getting ready for the weekend, hope the weather gets a little nicer though....
OH: I can't watch sexy people when I'm sick...
don't do that dunn sonn!!!
If your up text me!
Tropical Hot Dog Night... Like two flamingos in a fruit fight!
the trial, holy rollers, zombieland or any anthony bourdain...for starters!
Liam ! :o i Cant ' ah >.< another i miss , well next time (x
Can You Do Me This Huge Favor? FOLLOW ME!(: I LOVE YOUU!(:
Put in Wiltjer
1963- #Beatle George #Harrison was impressed by an unsigned rock band he just heard called the
I'm really excited for our carb day attire
bonus points for me, then -- nature has its own lighting. ;)
Sooner or later we will be featured in a mag !
Just ordered 2 Responsive Design Sketchbooks from
Sounds exciting! Looking forward to chatting.
I couldn't stand all the singing. Every dang chapter it seemed like there was a song! I liked the Hobbit a lot, though.
The Killing has gone on too long. Too many twists and turns for its own narrative good. And I can't be the only one weary of the rain.
You are uniquely you
still went. it was delicious!
sorry I've been #MIA for a while. i just have no time these days
but I don't live there?
lolzzzzzzz this is funny to me
hello everyone:)
thanks for spreading the word!!
#RadioWaves make sure to check out what is up to this week www.rftpmusic.com
Back in the USSR - or so it feels having watched a 4-year-old boy get body-searched before international departure.
Day 1: truck needs work. Know any certified weldors?
Brittany Griner is #Juwannaman. Show me that birth certificate.
we r now. Lol wicked storms.
New SINGLE called "DJ BRING IT BACK" produced by will be up for listenling soon.VIRTUAL X IS WHATS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW.VX!!!!!!!
Thanks for the motivation, got me in a better mindset to go out the door with! Got in 18.5 mi before the crazy day began!
Thanks! I am really going to miss the shuttle and all the great people behind her. So glad u made it out for this.
Neutrino a go-go.
Send Austin Fan Mail - Austin Mahone PO BOX 592288 San Antonio, TX, 78259
this afternoon's research question is about the loma prieta earthquake
...close win over clemson huh.....lmao...guess tajh shudnt have said our defense is average...they wore him out all night
The hubs not only fell asleep but, went to bed at 11:20. Boo. Happy New to me and my bottle of sparkling...
wassup morris just wanted n2 tell u dat u were my favorite player in college and now u got drafted by my favorite team
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town! Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Word is bond.
I know cuz we are going to be all excited and act like we high...on life (;
“: can you imagine how many hundreds of calls blown over the years before instant replay? championships won/lost?” yep
o m g, I think he was the best singer out of the whole show!
Mahomies can get trends going faster than any other fans <3 because we are more than fans and would go to the moon and back for austin <3 <3
good luck today sir.
If you're serious about your word, I suggest you start being serious about us.
: "the most unbelievably awesome hour I've ever had. Each entrepreneur is more amazing than the next" - Monica
Arizona makes me stay up al night this house it's this house I swear :p
sweet idea for the sandwich contests. The Fiona is awesome!
#milwaukee Good morning-Rise N Shine! Grab a cup of coffee, hang out with the staff here-do a little shopping before you get to the jobsite!
4th of July: perfect time to update New Year's Resolutions. Make sure that one resolution is to see Strictly Painting 8 at MPA.
Welcome back to the playoffs Grant!
Congrats to Cue Ball on their sucessful #oncue2011 event! PlanetTran was proud to be a sponsor.
I hate when people dont put AN in front of a vowel.
I'm for sure the realest hooper you'll find in a se park please beg to differ
I was messaging u in league of legends to play with you but I guess u didn't see it
keep calm, and love one direction<3
#FF thanks for RTs this week!
I can't wait to open the market with " APRO.PK " tomorrow penny stocks will trun my life around..
Haha well I was gonna go to the mall,Ohh well that's why there's netflix!(:
This Is The Part Of Me That You Are Never Gonna Ever Take Away From Me
What a terrific terrific episode of
That is without a doubt the coolest idea I've heard in a long time.
heyy:) do you have facebook? if you do could you LIKE something for me?! it's for a contest :)
whenever I see you talk to girls I cant help but...wake up from my sleep
The Human Centipede II - what the fuck did I just watch? O_O
Extremely proud to work for especially after hearing 's talk tonight at the #StartupAmerica event
you're in such good shape weirdo!
We hope you picked up a box ! After all, it was National Chocolate Chip Day. :)
thanks for sponsoring the show
What is WITH this show??? Disturbing. I like it!
THANK YOU for saying this.It was necessary.Some people don't get that they hurt Selena.
if we blame diabetes on "capitalist food production," do we disempower people to make their own health choices?
4. I WAS BORN & RAISED IN THE STL!
Absolutely ;-) RT Movie night with , ice cream slurpees & fresh popcorn. Should we watch ...#Ferris Bueller's Day Off?
The pubic wig has been around since the 1400s. It was originally worn by women who wanted to hide diseases like syphilis.
find me then its Cody Nicolas Argumaniz
don't diss our community just bc of one Twitter account Jen
Enjoy the vacay!!
Some crazy girl gave me her number and told me to call her maybe. Her name was carly rae?
Just saw Redtails. Awesome movie. Great history lesson.
April 22 -- when's your half marathon?
lmaoo , then the tv is heckaa lame .
i just woke up, but soon as i find some food ima take a nap lmao.
I am indeed.
Ive be wonderful and Busy... Need to catch up with you....
Lol you already know
Charles Barkley's talkin' trash again! He called the Riverwalk "that dirty little creek" last night, do you agree or is he talkin' smack!?
One thing that I would like to do is get to know #oomf with a phone call 😏
So cold
Hey skinny new kushhouse cd coming out soon?
My mind has been on a totally different level lately. It's almost scary.
Cosentino: Watch your voice in phone interviews. Be like a Harvard Professor: often wrong, but never uncertain.
Spartans did not capitalize enough on UofLs horrible start
You know what? I'm done trying.
I have never seen something like this before.
oh hell yea, i love me some dragon balls
just did; Followed ♥
thanks for the great article! Post grad job hunting is never easy.
hahaha baad idea. When I get an iPhone I'm switching networks. Sprint had a tower down and I literally JUST got service back
Up @ 4 am two weeks before school starts. Dear brain: PLEASE SHUT DOWN. (Oh wait, that's for computers, right?) starting to blend!
That IS good news! My 3 year old is still unsure about my little baby. Your boys are close together!
Music from The Thin Blue Line by Philip Glass.
So sad. is our fave.
Why didn't anyone tell me about skylight books in los Feliz? Amazing. I got my porn, fiction and philosophy fill in one place.
East coast to the mid-west
I want to go on the spaceplane. I lost my 200 grand on Chippewa though...
Custom Screen Printing - 800-724-0577 or . Get your estimate! No setup charges, no hidden fees!
I know you ain't cussn !
You can now follow the Progressive Community Calendar on twitter at
ATL in Sep to get that green ticket from
We hit a record 76 hits for 1/19/12. Hopefully this can become a regular trend. :)
e:-) Excellent choice to cheat on a diet. Well done! However that sounds way to tempting as I am dieting myself.
childishly, i like to say "googers" not "googlers"
The Usual Suspects is such a good movie, every time it come on I have to watch it... Keyser Söze... "And like that... He's gone"
Ciao Bella Jewelry is gearing up for Valentine's Day! Do you have a gift for your sweetheart? We have many great gifts to offer.
your brothers are seriously the cutest!!!
I just got a T3i which is a Canon's entry level and love it. The next step up is the 60D. Start small and see if more is needed
You got it David - looked like something you'd find valuable. Saludos!
Dad is going to get a TV for his birthday. I think he would rather have a bottle or sweet bread.
☐ I Love You ♥ ☐ Friends Until The End :) ☑ I Hope You Get Hit By A Bus. jkjkjk lol
I missed it too but I'm going to watch it when it comes on next.
Resource of the Week: Amazing Animals of the World, includes facts about animals: where it lives, what it eats, and more!...
Kids did Secret Santa w/ each other 2day...Dyllan made Tia a video, Eli wrote Naika a song & the girls did Bama pics 4 boys! Pics to follow!
#ShawnMikael(s) first Fringe Fest. A blast.Thanks to for a damned fun run. On to Leesburg, Harrisburg, DCImprov
I hope you decide to join us at St. John's. It's a great place to launch your future from!
It's serendipity: his Chase IRA matured this month and he wants financial assistance while I'm in town...
I'm seeing this evening, time is slowing and working against me.
Welcome to twitter Susan!
Maybe they'll just skip real 4G and call it 5G. Or 4G For Realz.
Cuddling > everything else
I'm to the point where I'm done with everybody.
...incase Caleb wanted to know where you live?
#ReplaceEminemSongWithShady lose shady
haha i want some pasta to
o i jus looked at ===> pro....i remember her cute ass...she was bout to get beat up by keisha rite!
stab someone.
Well it is finally here! 24 wks till #ironmanLouisville started my training schedule this morning. Got a great swim in this morn, run tonite
showing off some awesome shoes coming up at 6 - the best part! They are all under $40!
to be honest all the data journo stuff feels like a load of dingos kidneys.
Thanks.. DM me ur # so we can talk
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!X]
You're a weiner!
If Newt becomes President, there will be MANY volunteers to go to Mars!
How does May 3rd look for you?
i second this statement !
Right about now Deadpool is wondering how you got inside his Comic Book...
Diablo I is about to be released, guess I better order it for the library's video game collection!
Besides being an ethnic portmanteau, Blatino is a place in Bulgaria.
Thanks for the follow!
#SteveHarveyMovie----I haven't seen it yet but yes I am a DREAMER/MAMA'S BOY~BAMM
#pod #photography. It's beautiful and frightening. I love it.
Consider it pure joy when you face trials, they develop perseverence and that develops character so u will b whole lacking nothing...
Teen's drive led to EMT, teaching - Hutchinson News
Fact of the Day: In an earthquake, Tim Wakefield's knuckleball appears to be perfectly flat.
So sad to hear of the passing of Tim today. He was always willing to help me out when I needed it. So respected. He'll be missed.
Go Real Salt Lake!
Jonesing for #OregonTrail Photos! I know you guys are hard at work and appreciate it! Thx for covering the event!
So excited about St. Louis. 🎉🎆⚾🍻
Most of us are cheaters , why because we cheat on our future with our past
#Badgers get four points out of one possession - a FT from Wilson, an O-board from Brueser and then a three from Taylor. 46-40 now.
What will you do with your free time? : )
RT Enjoy the weekend!
Wrong answer!
So funny because I think I saw one in my kitchen this morning..maybe if I send it love it will go away?
no only in private
looks like my #softball game will be cancelled - I was ready to hit some bombs tonight!
This fanfic > sleep
let the reefer party begin
and what about you?
S/O to my new follower
. Home Bar Staples: Vodka, Gin, Rum, Tequila, Whiskey, Triple Sec. OJ, Sour, Cran, Lime Juice. Ice. Adjust as needed. :-)
A favorite has no friend! - Thomas Gray
Beach Boys Pet Sounds and tribute to the wall of Sound is almost two weeks away. Git your tickets now!
I hate how I'm always the one attacked.
Had another great turn out for FNM 40+! Hope to see you all next week to throw down!
OK let me know when u free
That should do it
we had fun doe , that was only thing that ruined it
"the multiplicity of data references" will be the ongoing battle & grading goodness of multi references
Happy Halloween! Remember we have tons of deluxe/specialty strip on lashes to put that finishing touch on your costume. Be safe!
Any Web Design or Graphic Design intern interested in revamping our FB Page?? Let's Talk...DM us.
i'm on there but I never make playlists. I only use it on my computer.
He can u go to the movies?
Looking for a bass player. If you think you or someone you might know might be a good fit, send us a message. No slappin' da byass mon.
so , I've moved on . And I now hate you .
YIKES! I would be screaming. : A mouse just skittered across the floor.
HAAN RMF 4 4 Pack Replacement Pads Fast shipping and pads are ...
congrats on being on the "Best places to work" list from !!
I don't even think you have to ask, ME ME ME!
O your late lol
What on earth is hacker dojo? I suppose I could look it up, but that's not very tweeterific now, is it?
I don't wanna talk about you like you're not in the room.
yes! Text me
there's a ton; some of the best in short form online. But it will give away all the plot twists if I rec it...
*tear* I want to thank not only god but Jesus for the day I followed you :')
Thanks to : book "The Innovators DNA". Mastering the Five Skills of Disruptive Innovators
A mysterious holiday wish from an elf, Happy Valentine's Day from Spriggan herself!
We are clearly the cool kids for thinking of real live, consuming whales!
A group of TN librarians is in Washington DC this week participating in Natl Lib Legislative Day! TLA Prez giving updates.
thank you! we love it too! ^jv
Just because it is raining doesn't mean you can't still have fun. Stop by Decanter event at Pimlico! 12-6 PM
fine n u
GIRL RESPECT is trendin' now, we did our job well ;)
Visit here. Follow. Sign up for run. Do it. Lung cancer sucks.
Watching school us on the proper ways to use NSURLConnection… including the deprecated stuff
are you and Scottie still shooting that?
There are jello shots at this party but they do not hold a candle to yours
Hey Babe guess what? Ill love you till the day i .. Find a better girl
how bout the whole night? I want a Marcus Anthony/Jason Wayne match!
. appreciate the set list tweets, scott. and official grand opening congrats to
THANK YOU!! LOOK FORWARD TO DO BUSINESS TOGETHER!!!!
Looking for call center agents to sell beauty things to beauty stores nation wide in the USA... Please make comments if your intersted
come out and support tonight at 7:05pm!!!
Today is my "doabsolutelynothing" day. I think I've earned it.
Very nice turn out for Left Right + Christ event at Union Theo. Seminary!
cool lol oh and... i lik ur new pic pretty coll!:) lol cait wait till friday get to see my boyfriend yeah
I'm only mean when I'm hungry lol
feel better!
What's wango tango?
When are you going to get a verified account ?
What do you think the jury will decide in the Amy Sensor case?
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
I've been loving your tweets today.
whenever bro I'm down for whenever
I'm just the reporter here RT Dude, that's disturbing.
Just ran inside to ask .. who is playin #golf in #denver today???
RT Its been times when I would write a research ppr and short hand %80 of it
#Indians and #BlueJays both with 2 runs on just 1 hit.
Random late night question: what's your favorite literary costume?
if only! It was a great presentation!
~love the name you and chose for your bundle of joy.
S/O to for being one of the coolest and prettiest girls I know
how far have you read in the books?
It smells like eggs on the train, which can only lead to the smell of egg farts later. Lucky me!
I am pleased and surprised that you still hear that song. M. Is in good hands. <strong>GUITAR!!</strong>
As soon as you hit December 1st nothing arrives faster than Christmas!
Finally starting to watch with
I want to dress up. I'll just bring a wardrobe change.
I found out that Don Quijote dies so I don't really have to take Spanish 4 anymore.
exactly! I'm an experienced brand journalist - I'm growing communities through digital storytelling... how about you?
On my show I play Broadway showtunes. More of an avocation. My wife and I do lots of animal rescue work, though.
So I'm watching Avatar in 3D on my Samsung Smart TV.. This shit looks bad. And by bad, I mean AMAZING. #21stcenturyslang duh. 👌
Thx for the follow ladies..:-)
Do you ever wonder?
Friend just alerted me to the fact that an ampersand looks like a guy dragging his butt across the floor & I will NEVER be able to unsee it.
well im in 2 hours im going to my spring football camp it is going to be fun
I love the tube of cream cheese coffee cart lady gives. Bagel get jealous with what I do to that tube. ;)
The longer you hide your feelings from him, the more you'll fall for him.
Kobe Bryant's night looks done with 7:52 left and the Nuggets leading the Lakers 101-73. Kobe has 31 points.
How is everyone this evening? Did you get to play in the sunshine today?
Just email me ()
Feel like I owe people an apology .
The sheep will continue to be sheep at the expense of workers.
Good morning
Another day, glad to be alive....and to work on time, always a toss up
blog girlfriend metromilwaukeeliving.com awaits hm maybe best places to go on a cold Sat in Jan brrrrrr
Reno is burning. It is striking to wake up to the south all smoke and fire.
We're sorry to hear that! What exactly was different from our normal service? Hope you'll come give us another try!
Like blonde blonde.
Oh No! That's no good. I'm sorry, Jill! it was great running into you today, drinks this week?
McDonald had a game score of 76 tonight. Tied his near no-hitter and Burnett's first game for the best Pirate start this year.
“ . Think I'M going to get married. I think it would be so so sweet.”
goodbye social life, hello the Sims 3.
Who did you choose to go all the way this year??
well what else could we do?
Reggie Aqui seemed sorrowful about the guy trying save his 2 year old in the river!
So glad I finally got to see
I hate people
oops sorry I didn't mean to tag you! :)
All is fine
Ahh, yes, and I've got all of those things, though I might hold off on the soup until a more reasonable hour ;)
#FriAt5 at C. Grace y'all up for it? i've been wanting 2 go to CG
Working on supports&training for our teacher leaders; would love to brainstorm approaches
I love the truly great casting directors...they just 'get' you. (You know who you are!)
Hey you sexy beeyotch!
#eagles and #cowboys lose! Great Sunday so far!!
happy birthday man
YEP RT What if I'm in love with someone who's introverted? Does that mean I get to talk nonstop for the rest of my life?
Got a lot of stuff on my mind today, thinking about everything.
today is my birthday! :) I hope you notice me :)
I'm scared of rollercoasters too,can I ride you instead?(;
Booze, small venue. Great peeps.
The Rodeo Parade starts in 15 minutes!! Send us your pictures if you are at the parade this morning!
after the fact? No thanks!
Ryan O'Neal's son Patrick on with us NOW! Defending his Dad, saw tweet and called us!
Two thumbs up and a big thank you to Arlington!
I wanna be Batman! :)
5 rose bushes planted, 2 azaleas and 8 strawberry plants. Celebrating the digital release of "Out of the Shadows"..Goin fishing later..
just seen the google maps car.
Work work work!! ;)
Determined to actually be productive today
Perfect snuggle weather. Nice && Cozy:)
You Would Make My Christmas 100% Better If You Followed Me. Love You!! (: <333
yea you should probably have this.
Thanks! And (I believe) all images are used legally. That is the tough part of presentation images.
So excited for
my boyfriend is adorable.
three more hours!
this is wild man
F the DMV seriously.
Why can't I get you off of my mind?
Lost our lease?
Practice tomorrow!
Tehya wonders why I'm putting things in the window. Oh, kitty, those are Christmas decorations...
I met the discoverer of the first black hole in the universe, Very humbling to be in his presence.
many thanks for the response.
Today's NY Times crossword puzzle, done last night in Dad's honor, is like an angry debate in a maze.
Watching Power Rangers Samurai
We have experience printing for political campaigns. With many products including, candidate brochures, palm cards, mailers... and more.
Get ready freddy for some music tonght in Murfreesboro, TN w/ We go on at midnight!
It's styling - 05/16/12: Peptides came to the cosmetic industry's attention due to their ability to heal wounds by increasing product...
you're welcome. What have you got planned for it?
Is it me or has micro blogging become stagnant? I sit here, I post, and yet I feel dull. I think I'll do something about it.
Yes...sadly, yes. Should be titled "Grandma Gone Wild", really.
Anyone taking bets on if I get "escorted" out of the hospital today? Is it bad the staff know me by my first name?
Linfield: attacks on #humanitarian workers part of wider attack on the concept of the civilian.
Helen Thomas is clueless and utters stupid stuff that she heard other people say. In this case, what Obama said to her in private.
#MonsterEnergy may be the same color as antifreeze, but I'd drink it more often than water if I could.
all the guy is doing is fitting in new curtains & he's already made a huge mess in my EX-TIDY living room urgh
Thank you Lord! finally got fired. Finally!
and I thought I had a blogging problem. :-)
FOLLOW ME TWITTER FRIENDS, PEOPLE IM FOLLOWING PLEASE DO THE SAME THANKS :)
Look at me when I'm talking to you .
you were 10 minutes late!
People all over this country are answering calls for help! Thank you to everyone that has contacted us to get involved! You are all amazing!
Questionable value in second trade of day 1 and two reaches according to NFL Network. Broncos likely to get low draft grade. Time will tell.
I really really really really like James Morrison right now.
still working...
$12+ for one 15" sub with chips and a drink at #Cousins?!!? Will be sticking w/ #Subway and #JimmyJohns from now on!
Come over and eat dinner on the island if you like today around 5 *if back in town.
welcome to the iPhone family.
Is it sad that I want to see the fresh beat band in concert... Don't answer that. It is sad, but I don't care! :)
still? Tell her I love her.
awful! how can we get community back?
#Np Wild Boy - Always Amps Me Up In The Morning
Originality is my favorite quality. You have to lead yourself before you can lead others.
Lol! RT : Only went 1-15 on lights on the way home but got hit on by high school girls in a Jetta so it balances out.
Chilly day in New England... What kind of #coffee should we get with our bagel? Or maybe... hot #chocolate?
There's an alley in Harajuku near the Stussy/Undefeated with 3 or 4 stores. Between them you'll find some sick kicks
#NowPlaying John in the Morning Show
I can send the numbers of the cards I used that were involved in the scam.
- You sound cool, too. Since your degree in horribleness is honorary, mine was earned. I bet we are equally horrible.
I just wanna stayy home stupid testss. :/
Don't need someone like that
Smiling at the bitch that hates me just cause it makes them hate you more
"The shortest distance between two points is under construction." Noelie Altito.
Have a happy Easter break, everyone!
Wow I'm sitting here at the DMV LOONG AZZ LINES
(it means you're obsessed with one direction)
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it
#GetsOnMyNerves when people show up at their own event LATE !! Really? C'mon now... Lol
thanks for the follow! MUFC fam!!!
get the fuck outta my face stanley.........o stanley
On that note I'm off to the P for some craziness, that would be drama free craziness! ;)
THXS TO THE PPLE WHO FOLLOW THX SO MUCH🌟🎉
Don't let your ears hear what your eyes didn't see and don't let your mouth say what your heart doesn't feel.
The Puccias are 50% off tonight....
Grunge is so in, lets all dye our hair a cute pastel color yalll
Making waffles for breakfast >>> 😜
The sad part is, once you finally let someone have you, they stop doing what it took to get you.# oomf
I sleep with my phone just incase #oomf needs me. <3
well maybe your new boyfriend can call you baby(;
Her mom was Jane Mansfield!
Hey ! We received our People Love Us on Yelp letter and sticker today! We are glad to be so loved!
Finally caught up on your Tech News Today interview -- liked it a lot! Also, nice to see you in video! :)
We're here @ the Anaheim Convention Center til Sat for the American Baseball Coaches Association. Sunscreen fundraisers = perfect for sports
It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves. Francois De La Rochefouca
i jus taught my mom how to Reject!!! ROFL she fell a few times but she eventually learned!=)
they are already awarded says since 12/25/2011 and when I log in my gamerpic also doesnt show only my gamertag
Are G and the #Flyers channeling the whiney, entitled Pens?
Hustling to get to get stuff done
Tomorrow the #Xavier club volleyball team heads to Kansas City for nationals. Hoping they do well in play!
Can we please revive our COMPANY for Sondehim's bday?! Amirite et al?
Abt the home occupation? Not that I've heard.
aggressive joe
or when your in the tanning bed lmaoo
i never noticed it before, but now that you mention it..
Think that it's time for a game with of
- you're such a sweetie.
I love Apple but don't think I'll be standing in those crazy lines today!
Has it really been a week since #delany?
:( Ouch!!! Stupid iPhone elbow! :) I'm sorry you have that pain, I think I'm developing it too. I copy you a lot don't I?
Snooki will give birth to a cheeto.
I lov ur YouTube videos a lot
woo hoo! People are speaking up! This is Awesome!
Bar-b-q and beans<3
tweets every song he listens to. Someone teach this kid bout twitter
I miss being close.
Can't believe next year is my 10 year class reunion.
handled like a boss proud of you!
Still amazed at last nite's show. Duet w/ kid from audience, crowd-surfed, brought fans on stage, 3 hrs of great music!
A big stop by the Giants D!
A good choice by my Now let's see what the can do. They need to beef up the O line I think. Protect
The website is live and running.. the votes are crazy already. If u think u've got what it takes..become a member @ theeroticchallenge.com
A Thank You haha
Jackie, thanks for the follow
Everyone check out & follow
Did you check out some new places this weekend? Don't forget to rate/review on ! Announcing fun contests this week for users!
Thanks for the follow; Im releasing a single off my second tape later this week; check it out if you have the time -Con
Aargh US culture MT I was math-CS undergrad in Algeria .... 50% were female same ratio for Lib Science? Math was not a guy thing
Bible #totalblackout funniest show ever !!!! I died :D
#ThinnestSportsBooks #WNBA list of women that ARE NOT lesbian..
S/o to everyone who came thru the kickback at the crib last night too much #KUSH not enough swichers
Roll Tide
Nossa! É isso mesmo! It's certainly how I feel at times.....
Come check out our acoustic foam!
hey watcha up to i missed tweeting you feels like forever lol
CBSSanFrancisco Rewards via
Cool story bro, wanna hear mine? Once apron a time no body gave a fuck. The end.
It's an acknowledgment of similar tastes. If I ever saw you online playing SSX for instance, I'd DM you a pat on the butt.
Attn all poets - were looking for a special poem to represent our Org. please submit to
Love it. Great stuff!
Hope he has a successful surgery.
how long is the car ride ?
#peopleiveseenlive High School Musical, Hilary Duff, The Jonas Brothers, Cheetah Girls, yeah I'm cool (; Paul McCartney and Justin Bieber <3
RACHEL CROW!! luv that girl
hey was good
NICE jersey!!!
Fuck you, asshole who is honking at me. I'm pretending your honks are actually applauds for my amazing driving abilities.
Still no Internet at my place. But I WROTE ON THIS THING CALLED PAPER TODAY! Its not too bad :)
things looks for in people: passion combined with calmness + competence combined with humility
were they wrote in crayon?
well i dont have any names right off th bat. google it
happy new years!!
no it doesn't matter - I have 3 tracks you can download and write over - stay in touch your voice belongs on the radio
#PhiMA great point from Kevin Hein- facebook is about word of mouth and engagement-your customers r there
We're pleased to be at #NADA2012 in #Vegas this week! Are you attending?
I really like SKY 7. Shouldn't have waited so long to upgrade.
She's so sweet (even though she's crashed her Prius into every car on the street at one time or another).
ugh you done goof'd son.
BGC my show, but all dem hoes Weak cus they had to jumped each other for the Whole season
It's #Nationalgolfday and iam at work!
No other boat company offers more to customers than MarineMax! Working together towards one goal. Maximizing enjoyment your on the water!
for what ? I didn't even do anything tho ?
interesting note that Betty Crocker no longer advertises on TV.
so awesome! You guys must be on cloud 9! :)
and I are watching a channel that has all folk songs that we sing at camp. Where have all the flowerz gone lol
sometimes i do it when im wicked high.
w/ Jenny chillen in Math, waiting for the freaking bell to ring. -.-
in nerd glasses. #TutorMeBaby ;)
Raise your hand if you are tired of the "Kim Jong Un dead" vs "Kim Jong Undead" spacing tweet.
Life is like a bull, you have to take it by the horns, even if you’re thrown around, get up and go again
When do you get to Indy?!
Question: I need to go paperless. Recs for good systems? Scanner, software, methodology, whatever. My filing system is a failure.
Yep. Got a couple other stories coming on Snappers players: One on A.J. Pettersen and one on Miguel Sano. He's good.
If a girls biting her lip, you know your doing a damn good job with whatever your doing.
& I thought any heretic appearing on 700 Club burst into flames from the concentrated hate!
haha so u don't want one
yup after the Bucks game
For us, these are the days
Archivists, are you or is your institution adding photos to ?
Yes, we are currently just in the US, based in Washington, DC
These niggas on the 49ers out here hitting
“: Amazing! I never knew Faryn was the matriarch. When did she usurp Jen??” after we killed Jen!
We're all just walking each other home. ― Ram Dass
Workout time :-)
is my Netflix really still "retrieving" I hate when it does this..
The credo: 'Investigative' with a veneer of ignorance.
ah!! Me too! Possum! Haha I will never forget that !(:
No apologies needed! If we all read every article on every blog we get linked to, we'd run out of time fast! Thanks for asking!
your ticket to hell just got a little express stamp on it, girl ;) hahaha
RT : Life is precious, to be welcomed, cherished & celebrated
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. ~ Oscar Wilde
You know you're a grown-up when...you do a happy dance after a new washing machine is delivered!
When I hear "Breakin' My Heart" I tend to think about my Ex.....
Cory & Shawn <3
SO MANY MEMORIES IN THAT PLACE
FB said to befriend someone with which i have no mutual: friends, interests, networks, or work/school history. Yes, I still friend-ed them.
Oh, no, no, no. Bedrooms aren't for tv's! Bad Feng Shui. :)
Really? I'm sorry... it wasn't intended to be. It always made me feel better, though I can see how it could be taken otherwise
i dee kay.
Oh hey, back to disinterested Billy. Way to really sell something that was actually kind of cool, dick.
thx you too. Got real nasty last week but feeling much better now after the meds ;)
$20 that Kobe does not get his sixth ring this year!!!
Again I'm offered food at SBUX today - I'm told they're supposed to be specific - they really are McDs, need a new place.
A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life
I'm a big fan of the show, and you are the best cast they have. Let me get a shout out, I just got into dental school!
FOR SURE. better be prepared for Thursday tho..cause I got you 😏😏
Okay I could get a facebook later or just follow me on twitter n okay tell me yo name
Start Bar. Atlanta. Tonight Be there. My favorite flavor of juice is performing. The Pomegranates. Suckas.
aaaaahate snakes! I would not be able to handle that thing.
the person all over whose wall a shattening had taken place. The German is getting to me…
it would mean so much to me and my daughters #1DMix933 please
I've got one of those loud phone people here too. Always ringing.
6th Annual SEATTLE LAPTOP BATTLE - This Friday 12/18 @ Chop Suey. winner of the Laptop Battle has the option of a showcase set 2010
Watching Peter Pan on my laptop with ! This movie always reminds me of
Men who participate in athletics in their late teens experience bone-building benefits that last for years.
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage my attention span!
Ain't nobody but my baby & best friend show me love over break ! Fuck yaw :p
Chi-Town / Michigan.. 2 weeks..
Not yet. Where can I take a look?
Alrighty Ms. Gladys...lol. I see ya!!!
MDW cabbie back on phone. sounds hysterical. says do not trust media. more screaming
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you. Never excuse yourself. - Henry Ward Beecher
Ok, so technically the music I make is not Dubstep. So what would it be called?? Any ideas what genre my music may be classified as?
I hope dinner is on a patio at least!
u r an idiot. Stick to radio not sports
finished jogging after realizing cif is close for canada's day LOL
Eating Packs Of Gummy Bears,,, Drinkin Strawberry Brisk & Bo ,, aye
The grizzlies kicked ass and took names tonight. See you Sunday night at FedEx forum.
New music coming soon !!!
Just getting in under the deadline. Happy Birthday!
I still watch Glee, but I have no idea what the hell is going on during most of it.
These hoes will have you tied up, but Bitch I ain't no Shoelace.
See you tonight?
Dear Internet, that lemon party pic you sent me? Not cool, dude. Not cool. Sincerely, ME
Good job representing the South, y'all.
You should change your password to 'Freese'.
never been a true high note trumpet player, but glad to see the range finally coming in.
Going to have my friend on the phone from to give us the full story on the passing of Beastie Boys MCA around 4pm.
Bad habits are like a comfortable bed, easy to get into, but hard to get out of.
Why do people live in gated communities? Who are they really trying to keep out?
Going to visit mom today and will bring her chicken soup, the Jewish penicillin
Hes just a light skinned brotha
Do you enhance family life w/technology: digital mobile technology? As a pastor/fam man, do u think tech is a + for families?
OMG like twins! Beautiful ladies!
it looks fun though :D and really?:0 my phone is slow! Stupid iPhone is like broke
lol I like the tweets...well I like winter...since in the summer it really dosent seem like summer. We have no hot.days....
Oh boy this movie is about to have me all emo and shit.
Heartbreaker loss! But this gal still bleeds orange! Better luck next season!
I kind of want to see The Darkness when they come to in two weeks. Anyone else down?
RUSH is in Pittsburgh! Think Getty Lee will love our wine? We shall see......
am thinking the #kids should #volunteer a little this #SUMMER? any ideas?!?!
Don't let a pretty face drag you into an ugly world if you let a pretty face drag you into a beautiful world you must have found heaven.
USS Defense operating near the Marsh Channel and Hog Island Creek seems to have attacked the attention of the HMS Tamar.
“: #teamSINGLE hit the DM.” what happened?
World Champions!!!!!!
So so so exhausted but looks like I'm heading to a barbecue ! Sure I'll wake up when I smell the food.
<3 thank you :)
what was in it?
sitting in on a home inspection.
Daytona 500 :) lets go Kevin Harvick so since it look like rain today hope we have a Daytona 500 night race it be so cool!!
Stay Strong & Love Is Louder Than The Pressure To Be Perfect. That's my inspiration right there!
Also could be a more direct "nudge." Easier way to bubble priority to the top - compared to sea of e-mail.
Thanks 4 for the follow, have a good day.Good Bless
Ugh, that ONE guest is on one of my favorite podcasts.
I'm off to WalMart to buy a couple things I need for my workshop, and then it's time to do some major joolin'! Art sale coming up in 2 weeks
If it is true, sad to me that y'all wouldn't be involved, but I know the rights issues can be a complicated mess.
me too! The event sounded like a blast. We must get together soon!
lmaooooo real talk and u still haven't burn
I believe the correct answer is "the voicebox"
NO! Bobby doesnt work at McD's anymore :(
has been posting some really great discussion points throughout the entire show. Big thanks and shout outgo them!
Good afternoon everyone! have a wonderful day!
Isn't that always the way! It seems to b a common problem in large organizations
Indeed. RT : Sounds much more appealing than cupnuts.
If the Government really sent people to jail for having credit scores less than 630 (Boss' suggestion) the world economy would collapse
What if they lose on Saturday?
“: Now if I could only skype with that sneaky :)” let's Skype tomorrow or this weekend.
Go Big Blue!
Home Remodeling San Diego
Sitting in the dark kinda sucks! #WTF did people do w/o electric. Waiting 4 #TECO to fix
Yes, #4. You've been told to be proud of who you are. Never change for others. But that's not an excuse to be selfish and demanding.
Thx! I hope you have a good day too!!
Um......Goonies. Like, totally!
The mavericks stole one in L.A now I know that the mavs are going to win the series RT
according to the UK Politicalcompass.org/test am a lefty libertarian - just to the right of the Dalai Lama, I might add. Wait What?
Lmao....it be the ugliest hoes with the highest self-esteem!..ahahha #FuckedUp!..
I do not have to be perfect all the time for my family to love me.
can u help me get followers
I never thought I'd love a chihuahua, I was wrong.
LOL thats Very true.. Adult competetion in that game ruins the fun of it.. But cant say that doing it doesnt being back memory
thanks for the #Prezi advice!
Time to start making your St. Patty's Day plans! The Enders will be playing the Lafayette Brewing Co. on March 17th. More to come...
Congrats #USA Women's Soccer team! Its never over until its over!
pick me up a few things?
Thanks for the RTs! @ kascali and thanks for mentioning us in your daily!
Happy Saturday Eve....
That is the nicest thing I have heard in a very long time. (I hope you don't mind if I STEAL THAT IDEA.)
Ikr!!!! me too i usually wake up at 12:00 ,,,,,,,i wonder wat bug i got bit by?
The line for Sil's Donuts is currently at eight cars.
i love you.
how are you?
I thought it would be harder to say goodbye to my friends here. I know I'll see all of them very soon and that makes it a lot easier.
its rute not to follow someone back dude!!!
Our homemade hot apple cider is making the lobby smell amazing..
Awh :) I'm always here for you girl! Are you ready for high school?
Just so you know RT : Sex and marijuana can help prevent migraines.
okay skinny boii.. Toast the bread, and add a lot of mayo too Kay 😚
Need to get your cash out of your receivables to be able to run your business? Consider factoring. It is fast and easy.
They'll have to work!
Man I'm tired
plaseeee I'm content with a hello :)
School , then getting dismissed at 12:30 to go to Texas bitches . *; <3
learn time spell. Koala*
It could be identical mode
im saying that ur those kind of girls who are into sports
Krav Maga techniques are taught at different levels of hierarchy
It's a process. I can email you the info? My coworker is on the board of trustees there
If you add, "we will just go to ice cream without you," children become geniuses.
To get it done at work, get on the SNEAKER network! whats that? get up and talk to someone.
Great advice! A personal brand is 1 key 2 success! RT : Question to ask to help develop your brand: What am I passionate about?
Indeed it would be great in DC!
I'm done with my eassy early now I have nothing to do but listen to music n sleep lol :-)
Why did GOD put scrubs on this planet?!?
uummm ok :( if u can try to call me when u wake up , middle of the night or early in the morning idc just try, ? Enjoy ya rest hun
?how many of you have cam shuffled on www.aaron.tv
Follow me :D
I love you. Hope you had a good day! Do you think you could follow me?! xx
Don't know, but sure, where?
Isn't that the law of entropy or something? :)
what does ur profile pic look like.? theres a lot of Shania Sanchez's lol
2nd office is not so effective when the MacBook battery no longer lasts the bus ride. Grrr...
=] who knows maybe if you dig our clothing we can sponsor you in the future.
I AM SO STOKED. ALEX BIG LIPS MADE STAFF TOO!!
i will and ok
Tweet vic'ry! Our C'Ville Bears 4-2 over Reston Raiders. On to the Squirt hockey final tomorrow. Go Bears!
break a leg!
GLOW in the DARK 2night! Glow Sticks| Open Bar 9-10| 4 Katie's Guestlist, Tables, & hook-up call or TXT names by 8PM to: 7034073810
You are a smelly pirate hooker.
ah jealous!!!
On Sat 1/7 the talented & extraordinary Party Of Three, accompanied by Tom Shaw Trio, will perform at Martuni's in SF 7-8:30pm! $7 cover.
Hi Tricia! Good to see your face in my stream this morning. Thanks for reading & favoriting my tweet. Have a God-blessed day.
Bad trend for the Knicks heading into the fourth quarter: the clear disparity in +/- for Heat starters vs. NY starters.
Who is this kid? #dwts I am going to love this season!
who knows what would go down if u were in Florida
#BGDating Dating should enrich your life, not complicate it.
Weeks of awful bedtimes were ended tonight when I recalled that dream catchers also snag invisible monsters and hung AJ's above his head.
"Go clean your room." I already did. "I'm checking it!" NO! WAIT!
SmartGuy.com has created an online template for us to succeed in business in ANY Economy! >>> www.smartguy.com/profile/pro/webpromotion
I don't have many friends these days. However, the ones I DO have, aren't losers.
RT : For [humanities,] data is "big" if it challenges our hermeneutic. For science, it's only "big" if it challenges hardware.
RT : waiting on my sis to get home safely// Oh that's sweet.
as well as a stash of samosas.
so excited for 10:30... this is gonna be great :)
What's red and sits in a corner? A naughty strawberry.
Great to host here in RVA this week. Thanks for your chat on values and personal commitment
Hit it in the morning like Alonzo
Checking the Libra horoscope. Sometimes they're on point.
I swear little kid shows are getting weirder and weirder...
Yes ... and thank you! He thinks so ...
Great :) I'll be sure to tune in to catch it CONGRATS!!!
Dont Text My Phone Late As Hell Asking IF I'm Sleep ... NA , Bitch I'm Hoopin ! smh
You don't get what you want you get what you do
I am very impressed with Dan DiZio, CEO of because he really cares about his employees. Great episode!
Looking forward to volunteering at the festival on Saturday!
And, of course, everyone who participated. Thanks, everyone!
oh nice! Haha we just have a lot of cars, not a lot of people!
I am ready for love
those are symptoms of a good night
Today we honor our men and women who defend our country - Happy Veterans Day!
I'm looking for a space needle hat - one shaped like the needle - big! got one?
Hey web sites, I will NOT sit through a 30 second advertisement. Not patient enough. Do you want my 'clicks' or not?
Why are boys so malawiwhbsnamamwjwhw UGH
when did you get an instagram??
Anyone up for tonight? Need to get out of the house
That was the critique I got from a black sociologist when I sent him your video
Why is so freaking cute? Wish I was that hawt..
Mark Zuckerberg will be worth $100B by Friday..that leaves only 3 more days for his girlfriend to say "we need to talk"
yea I want more! Camping was awesome for us. Had really cool neighbors
RIP Doug Edwards: dear friend, KPFA DJ, tireless helper to jazz musicians, New Yawker, Bay Arean, loyal supporter of my work. I grieve.
M I love pay day.
Wonder what designers Sachin + Babi Cook for dinner. Well Tune into this week and watch Sachin cook with Martha!
Last reply also best read after elocution lessons. "The rain in Spain..." See also Singing in the Rain: "Cawn't." "CAN'T."
Great times at the concert last night ! Thanks to our amazing staff for helping out!
Gots to make today progress exceed the last....
RT : Get some benches for your swings!: BYO Recreation has the commercial park benches you are looking for in the sty......
great way to attract the Jewish vote.
If only Obama pursued transformative policies equal to the heights of his rhetoric.
Good work, agent Secrest.
why? my 4th and 5th graders work in the cloud on google docs all the time , love it!
On a mission to get my grades up
you know I got you!
Want to win a 4-Pack of tickets to the Circus PLUS 2 plush elephants? Head over to our Facebook Page to enter!
I've never had either! :O
I like your new avatar... :)
happy 18 birthday you will always be kidrauhl NO matter what love you
lol i bet its so fun after a drink n ya nerves are no longer jittery ;)
In bed before 11?
I think Dave is going to be disappointed. No one talks about Matt's looks except him.
I'm on a revising roll today. Hours working on revisions have done wonders for my WIP.
Looks like Jesus also said 'Marmol pitching with the game on the line? ....not on my watch' #tripped # injured
If wants to try out for next season, have her email :D
Write your legislators and demand they not recess until reaching a reasonable solution to the debt ceiling crisis.
Your biggest strength is your true self.
"OMG, your so pretty!" "No, I'm not!" "Listen bitch, STFU & accept the compliment."
If you worked at a Christian institution you could get Maundy Thursday off too! ;)
who is pulling for unc this afternoon?
People are people.
Big tings agwon!!! Equator Line!!!!!! lol J - hit me up putting together some footage need your help
Going down the shore today!
Two more classes and then I am done until finals next week.
It's pretty sad...they don't seem to care heart and heads are not in the game
You are truley a man among women
The video of my ghost encounter is now on facebook.
Love is when you've seen the best and the worst of someone, yet you still love them for what they have.
come through! It's a great opportunity to meet and hear from this guy.
Thanks for coming too the #HealthyHairMeetup and spreading some love and giving healthy hair tips :-)
i think it's about time you follow us :)
It's National #Taco day today, but that's nothing! Lincoln's has $3 tacos and Coronas EVERY Tuesday, come visit us!
I wish the relays was all inclusive.
I wish I could favorite people's profiles haha
OMG YES MYLIFE.
He said "Nobody goes buy Dick anymore."
still working on this song... How about you?
Afraid to fly? Use your breath to calm your emotions.
idk I will tell u tomorrow when she get it done
Sorry anyone who is receiving some random tweet from me. I did not send that.
Hope you had a GREAT Valentines Day!
Great Stuff :)
You can tell its killing fox news to have to call 2nd place for Ron Paul!
Ongoing conversation on cataloging listserv re book pockets. Who says librarians aren't interesting?
A man right in all his ways is foolish... but then man that finds himself a work in progress is divine..
Bought a new shirt yesterday;wore it 2day.Just caught it on hanging folder hooks &tore it beyond repair.Good thing Im wearing a black bra :(
3 weeks off. Game speed! He'll get it!
Which is interesting because I thought thought the book just pretty good. Catching Fire is better. Odds on the sequel going to screen, too?
h know were I b
Downtown exploring and dinner on the riverwalk with my man ❤
This just in: the parking lot will be a zoo.
With a houseful of kids...get sick and scared :) Maybe your fear of the germ keeps you well....
Thanks David! : Just saw foodieregistry.com at #techwk. Fantastic idea.
1419? Gotta tweet gotta tweet gotta tweet tweet tweet.
I need to stop these goofy tweets and get back into my music. I need a new picture too.
It is about damn time.
Cool! I won a laptop in #symantec poker tournament!
Now Playing: License To Ill... Damn, MCA.
Great show at the ..thanks guys!
I wish I was rich..
That first nut u bust after coming off ur cycle
Love cannot be found where it doesn't exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does.
I made it through airport check-in and security okay, but I am still griping about paying $60 in bag fees. First plane leaves in 45 minutes.
Love how genealogists have no problem airing their centuries old dirty laundry to a total stranger in the
I concur!
Good morning good #tea people! Making dreams reality requires building structure around ideas. Got a hammer? Start building.
So glad I have the luxury of sick days from work. I just took a 3 hour nap on the couch. I feel a LOT better.
lord I hate u having extra shots at it while I'm working.
Sri Lankan cab driver yesterday confirmed that there are no Sri Lankan restaurants, but says Usmania & Tahoora (great desserts!) are close.
Bronchitis! I have a 5 ys old? Bronchitis is a selfish bastard. It's all about him! Piss off bronchitis, I am going to bed, without you!
any idea when you'll be back playing? we miss you!
WELCOMES!..YOU GOiNG TO NEKA PARTY SATURDAY AT THE BLU?..BUT EVERYBODY GOiNG TO HER HOUSE TO DRiNK &&ND EAT BEFORE THEN...
Tune in for Democratic Strategist up next on CNN's Early Start. Find out her thoughts on Iowa and the general election
my hat? You're weird.
you can say that again. good night Mark!
DJ Styles in the mix at Dorsey's Locker tonight, 5817 Shatuck, Oak, CA. 7-12. See you there
#np gotta here my shit before I tap out
I aspire to own a chain of high-quality boutique thrift and consignment stores one day. I will have interns. They all shall be paid.
i'm over just fruits and vegetable today. i can only eat so many cucumber slices and grapes,lol. i need some real food.
I wish I could find one guy, just one that is just the little bit decent .. :/
you look so happy!
Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!!!
Cleaning up for the cleaning crew is one of life's chores that I will never learn to embrace
To be happy, make other people happy.
Noise, parking, occupancy, hours of operation are just some of the things discussed by the ABC Working Group.
Woo! Let me go home! : Zidlicky ties it up!”
Dude. You, me and JD should suit up for the Lobos. We couldn't do any worse than the clowns that are already playing! ;)
NO MORE PROCRASTINATION = NO MORE SLEEP
it will be GLORIOUS
Alright we need new songs...what are some of your favs?
imma get u tomorrow!!U lucky the girl saved u 6th period!
Done looking for Mr. Right... Think I'm ready to just do me and ride dolo...fuck a nigga
What car wash?
-already has a winter formal date for next year!(:
Finally updated the iPad so I could install App -- well worth it.
Plus say my name three times. Or is it five? Haha. I dunno.
I know what you mean. It's really hard to have a conversation when the mannequin won't talk back. 😒😁 lame. Lol 😜
well yo phone is DUMB !
Do you have to have tatooes to play college/NBA basketball?
..."if I was 50 years younger I'd kick your ass"
I'm really excited :)
LOLOLOL puff the magic dragon was the answer to the puzzle on wheel of fortune
Thank you all for coming out yesterday for Mardi Gras, recovery starts now. Bloody Marys necessary.
no, rooting for a Timbers loss is always acceptable
wait.. how the eff am i supposed to upload pics? by .. tweeting them? lame.
Fair warning history friends, it's about to get spacey here for the next two days . I'm at the #NASATweetup for !
No cashier and no water...is it time to empty the safe and go to Paris?
I completely agree, that is the best part
Nostalgia is a useless emotion. If its even considered an emotion.
following you right now girl
Enjoyed a fun gig tonight w/Scott Hamilton, Larry Vuckovich, Chuck McPherson and Jeff Chambers. Thank you!
Chubb: Promising models: Students move from station to station within one classroom with one teacher, incl. small groups.
My gym partner got Big without me today -_- *tisk tisk tisk*... Whats a girl to do?? Lol
I'm really excited for their comeback!
Oh my… I might have to get out there sooner than later.
RT : Currently killing in NYC, , me opposite my girl is coming to Dallas and LA Oct 7th!...
Silly :)~ RT : In honor of "I'll Have Another...." [stirs mint julep]
TryOuts members: Marcos comes home this weekend. Be sure to stop by and say hi before he ships out again!
Yes! Please do it soon.
Oh my goodness, I had no idea -- CONGRATS, mama (to-be)! Happy day, to you :)
Did you know? #Chicago’s nicknames include: The Windy City, the City of Big Shoulders, the Second City, and The City That Works.
#isedchat it was a long discussion! Pros and cons...eventually we felt pros outweighed cons
#White Sox just got a rousing ovation as they hoisted the BP Cup!!!
lmao they look like scrambled eggs. W/e you and are some haters. They were good as fuck!
Another reason to like Anaheim. It isn't about safety---don't care how they spin it.
Reality is nothing more than your acceptance of reality...
Trying to find some ppl to go to the mall with me
Byerly: What happens if in 10 years, humanities as "irrelevant" as ever but more expensive in wake of DH?
That kinda pissed me off. But the only thing that comes to my head is "I wish you knew" I'm such an evil bitch.
#np we found love - rihanna
“Do not be afraid.... Be strong and courageous. This is what the LORD will do to all the enemies you are going to fight.” - Joshua 10:25
Asking a cab driver to "be less bellig" in his driving style is vague, unhelpful, and condescending.
“ #Libra likes you better if you know how to differentiate rights and wrongs.”
Ask about the Bratmobile
hey hey hey... We aren't crazy. Just different
uh... what makes you think i'm not?
Just had a meeting about our senior head shots. We're growing up. 😢
Sorry if I offend you... haha... I'm NOT sorry! haha! haha!
There is a place deep in my heart that only the keys of a piano can touch...
Post meeting went well last night. We're on schedule to make the late deadline.
I live getting drunk with and thinking is 4am when it's really 1 haha.
He did some great (and hilarious) interviews with Colbert a few months ago. Immense talent.
They did not hire lobbyist to have us benefit with tax dollars.
it is, it really is
to the event thursday
#becomingfearless Mastering your fear
Let me rephrase, I think it's weird when people tweet at famous people they dont know as if they are talking directly them as a friend lol
Gotta mail my mother's day card tomorrow...
Too busy to work for nothing
Looking forward to a great day with and not being sick
How to start an African Violet from a leaf
aww I pray u feel better Jen! Love u :)
Dee Gordon with his first home run of the season. #Dodgers take the lead over the #Rockies in the top of the 1st.
#csa12 Gopinath: see fixity and mobility as mutually dependent parts of state arsenal to eradicate social forms deemed out of place/time.
The Xbox 360 broke AGAIN. This will be my third console. Lame.
Going Big Island for New Year!! ((:
The weather looks good!.. I think we going to have racing today!!
90210? Was that a show about the far distant future? Kids and aliens making their way thru school in the year 90210? Not familiar.
I love the way some people taste.
Thanks and agreed! We are excited and energized by the support in Pinellas County.
Tonight we start 's study "James: Mercy Triumphs". I'm so excited to go through this study with some great girls!
Wonderful! We need more of that.
me too <3
have a fun youth jamz!
What's lost can never be saved
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. ~ J. K. Rowling
My crush doesn't have a twitter :(
Men who don't like girls with brains don't like girls. ~ Mignon McLaughlin
Hello! Are you staying with us? RT : XONA Resort Scottsdale, AZ...
CE students at the Conf. walked up to of the NYT Lens blog and told him about their work. They aren't shy!
If God is your co pilot - switch seats
Two weeks until sophomore year of college is over! Well until summer classes start...where has the time gone?!
"distinguished thought leader"
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 83
Hey what's up señorita!
Great session on video and social media marketing at South Metro Chamber today. Thanks to
ditto! Just wish Don would give her some of that advertising revenue to get her teeth fixed. Also love: Julia Ormond as her mom!
According to Cameron Diaz (interview on the Tonight Show, "Google makes Grandparents obsolete." What to you think?
The happiest moment as a designer is when a client GETS your #design and expresses it the same way you do.
what a good memory! What a bad memory!
Thanks! I'm excited about this video, it's not our usual fare...
yea it'll be fun! but shutup ur like a big bag of pretty waiting to explode all over the world
Tea does a body good.
told u don't give up to fast
I am like super excited for this fanfic. Like I might die of anticipation. :D
If u were to tell me before the season that R Starks would have a 2 int game, my 1st thought would be that Sanchez was the QB
Tou'che! RT : or order to go for those home game viewing parties!
No more going out.! This single thing is getting out of control. Having too much fun. Need 2 chill.! 
every time mothers day come a price tag dont mean nun to me ! i love mi ma duck
Also Aldous Huxley's Doors of Perception and Wayne Koestenbaum's new tell-all. It's titled Humiliation O_O <- mescalin eyes
not if you want to keep your money. Camp Randall is a fortess and the students have had all day to party with no classes yet.
Scheduling nine grad students for summer work is not always easy. :P
I know I'm not alone in this
I get the north and East, you go round the back
Just Finished all of my math HW with 100% accuracy with 1 minute left!!!!!!
Thanks for the coverage of Johnson County Middle School and their ninth Governor's Cup Title. does a great job for our kids.
Dress like your favorite #RockyHorrorPictureShow Character and get in for #FREE! This Friday starting at 9pm! ONLY
you never cared...don't start now
Good to see Joe Biden in mid-season form
thanks for the laugh! Lol
The new Final Cut Pro X looks very interesting.. Have to buy soon!
You're connecting with kids one by one and making your expectations clear. They will respect you eventually. Be strong, Teach!
this sounds like this will be every 14th Bday dream. Best wishes to you both.
Will your Super Bowl spread include wine? What are your favorite game day snack and wine pairings?
Today on the show welcomes to the show discussing censorship of the Internet. 11AM CST on
How have you been?
Yep!  And this issue is one I'm EXTREMELY passionate about! I don't usually express my opinions but I can't stay quiet on this.
I have a GREAT new job as a therapist at BACA!
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithHoe James and The Giant Hoe
Academies, soon to be a majority of secondary schools in England, are showing more signs of continuity than radi..
Looking forward to seeing here at
Headed to #UStreet this Sat 4/14 to fundraise and help a fine young man become a ambassador -How bout you? ,11-3 BTHR
#TVDSeasonFinale TONIGHT AH
Had a good night (: would have been better if he was there though.
Yes indeed!!! Who are you putting your money on?
Landed and time to shoot!!
That awkward moment when retweets something from
how do you spend your snow days? fun outdoors? work indoors? finding matches in the sock drawer? we're posting answers at 4:25am
No-sleeping work stressors, it`s what`s for breakfast.
if you are blind i shouldnt hear a sentence moreover a command from you that includes the verb -look-
idunno. :3 and I don't know, some people that live out there have kids in high school lol.
RT : Looking to make your home more #secure? Sign up for our "Free #Giveaway" and get it done for #free!...
DOLPHIN BASEBALL TONIGHT! Fins vs Fairfield at 630 here at Sessions Stadium! See YOU here!!
I feel like doing something.
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of One Direction, then you become a Directioner. :) xx
Character is like a tree & reputation like its shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. A. Lincoln
Rodan tonight with Jeff, Josh, Johnny and Jim. 1030 p emm
Right When My Phoe Starts To Work Again, I Text Like Everyone Then 3 Hours Later It Won't Work Again .
If Lakers loose this it's a wrap there not winning game 4
Tired of guys treating me like shit. I'm going to do me and be me. And that's that.
awww of course!! :) your very sweet im following you to! :) getting the hang of twitter. i was so nervous on lifechangers!
Ahh woke up with sore throat and fever and I have to work...blah blah
I need Man City to win by 3+ goals.
Oh i think im in trouble with O_O
its only like a 1 day thing though....so you'll be back tomorrow
two more books left (planned) after Dance of Dragons. He is "only" hundred pages into pt6
Gotta get bad to get it good.
easier said than done! But ok. I'll pretend I think I'm funny in real life too <3
It was when I logged in. I'm a bit confused
Heyo New Zealand Earthquake Commission! We hope to someday bring our fun version of San Francisco earthquakes to yr neck of the woods
Do you need a little hip hop in your life tonight? ;)
So, Want a FREE copy of our EP? Be our 700th 715th, 740th or 800th LIKE on our FB page and we will send you a FREE SIGNED COPY!
#CallOnHim #HeListens Psalm 145:18 The Lord is near to all who call upon Him,To all who call upon Him in truth.
Weekend coming up, more house hunting
ok u have to earn it by showing improvement in _ _ _ _ _ _ -that on the left is classified
The South of France
YO BUTT BIG MY MONEY BIG WE GOT SUMTHN N COMMON
I start summer school today. I'm not thrilled.
Important for EVERYONE to be friendly, open, and communicative.
