I'm watching the game in new York from MLB.tv, how can I avoid the delay dang it!!? Uscg semper P
Finally made it to #musiclib2012. Long trip but great to be here.
You are still sexy.
WIN! Keynote on iPad finally has hyperlink support!
Follow us tonight as we debut our patio parties - it's going to be an awesome summer, #Memphis! Can't wait to see you there!
nice. Those are the best ones. When there's a story and a positive experience to go with it.
Thanks, Jeff! Enjoy your weekend.
Love, this is fantastic. Consider making it downloadable? I need to leave my computer at some point today.
“: She usually wants my steak lol” I bet she has to fight u for that!?
farb nivi: customer development validates your intuition when it agrees with you and your wisdom when it doesn't.
Love you ...Brothers 'till the end baby. Going straight to the top!
Bad Thing About Dance Recitals = Taking 20 Minutes To Get The Makeup Off... #NotAGirlyGirl #GetThisGUNKOffMyFace :(
In meeting . Be home at a reasonable time
Helping a client with their Haiti Relief drive. Anyone in N. Meckleburg County contact me if interested in assisting.
#IfICantHaveYou then i'll just be getting rid of that thought of me actually having you.
ie "Debbie Downers" > Guest: "I think that movie was filmed in Venice.." > Mom:"I heard Venice is one the most polluted cities in the world"
The mind is the door through which I enter the world of positive change.
What kind of cat is Purrfect??? I want one!
we only do group breaks as well. Have u emailed blowout or da card world?
yes, there are great events on our calendar to help add yoga to your training program even if you aren't running the C!
haha! Yes. Told me to start back every day but just a little. Still icing and lots of ibuprofen.
"Fuck" is my favorite word. It shows disrespect and wanting to have sexual intercourse at the same time.
my first sad tears at work: Maurice Sendak.
Oh, & HANDSOME as well <3
Heading down coast to Santa Monica then Venice to hydrate beach goers! See you there!
no matter what happens this year, the brewers have already won.
Not much preparation doesn't sound like lol.
I'm at Baltimore County School HQ, where the school board is about to approve 30-year-old Dallas Dance as the new superintendent
NETFLIX and other options soon Mitch RT : read the book, wasn't aware of movie. On ?
UgH, gOtta heaDaChe! NeeD a cOroNa!
taking it one step at a time....it's all wrong when you skip steps!
um, you deserve every abdominal cut you have. All unwanted at 4am is pancakes and Bacon. Maybe I should change that. Lol
Sorry that's all we took tonight! Our photographer didn't show :O and thanks and :D
how r u celebrating the new year?
Hey Doris.. let's cross refer.. I offer 30% referral fees!
A yellow CAMARO with black stripes. like bumblebee from #transformers <3
I dont need anybody to tell me who and not to follow. I am my own person so i make those decisions for me, myself, and i.
No Sunday is complete without a viewing of "The Parent Trap"
Red Sox to make announcement of major signing... a contract with O'Doul's.
Happy Hour < Free Happy Hour
They really hold you over to the next meal, too.
Sleeping Giant tonight!
New Name "SexEdDaily" and site SexEdDaily.com but same content as usual
“Drop the last year into the silent limbo of the past. Let it go, for it was imperfect, and thank God that it can go.” ~Brooks Atkinson
I love you all can someone give me a shootout
Leadership is knowing that no one ever does what you tell them to. They only do what they tell themselves to.
u gotta win even when u lose....
Somebody go fix airlines, and Netflix, and bring back Kozmo. Maybe prince was onto something with the 1999 shtick.
Ewww omg I was texting nd a fly landed under my tumb omg ew ew ew I have to clean my phone now omg
Always look forward to your well thought out comments on ESPN. Keep up the great work Stephen.
If I'm the Boston Rob of interns, does that mean I have to be an intern for two more seasons before I get the hang of it?
Thanks to our new followers , and We're excited to share news and fun stories with you in 2012!
that was thenightbefore, at Rosebud.
And Happy birthday to George Karl...
Playing Leadbetters' Fells Point tonight with Fred Tepper and the Billy Thomson Band. No cover!
wow...i felt like i was going to throw up five min before the shake
that would help w our road trip...
#breakfast #wrkoutflow #barbershop....I GRIND ...SUPERMAN...BARBER BY DAY...DJ BY NIGHT THIS IS TYSO!
Its amazing how sometimes you think your project not going anywhere but then get an email that changes everything. God is good!
Delighted to see that you highlighted my Frans de Waal interview. Thanks!
lol you told me to though
Hey Stephen....haven't said hi in a while. Best wishes to you....Go Dodgers.
Thank you much for the RT ! I am now
I'm happy for you. It's such a rich neighborhood. I can't wait to hear more over the coming months.
Shoot me a note when you get a chance about what you are up to and how we can get the word out!
Watching prince perform purple rain at th forum in LA. Amazing doesnt do justice.
Me too! Next up... Grey's Anatomy ;) RT : A nice, relaxing night in, catching up on my DVR.
Too much of a good thing can be wonderful-mae west
Thank you for bringing readings of Thurber back.
RT - Sen. Sherrod Brown asked about the Cleveland Indians. He says "Don't you want to talk about matters of substanc...
I got to focus…
another great day in diego, would be great if thursday never came...
Good Morning early birds! Now that the snowpocalypse is over how do you plan to Win The Day?
Dear Past :Thank you for your lessons ..' Dear Future : I'm ready '.. Dear God : Thank you for another chance .
Fun. I think it's a group ninja plan. We're eating at Elysian on at 8:30 -- stop in if you're nearby!
R u stl there?
Looking back on my weekend in #NOLA and its obvious: bourbon street 3 - me 0.
Whatever happened to Cartel? They were such a great band
Thanks Juliet! <3
I'm on the pulling teeth diet. On my way to slimming down!
i feel like slaying some monkeys or something
Palin a possible prez candidate? disturbing concept - she's stupid AND she QUIT her job as governor. end of story, no quitters.
I approach everything humbly, but everything's money.
I miss you duder
Fuck this i should be in bed by now, why am i never tired
Nothing worthwhile comes easily. Work, continuous work and hard work, is the only way to accomplish results that last Hamilton Holt
Also, thanks for your positive tweet :] Merry Christmas to you :]
#MadisonCounty is under a severe thunderstorm warning until 5 p.m.
ok Time for me to watch #RareExports Bring on the Santa penis!!!
Golf is a rich man's game. Or the game of people who like to drink in the morning.
exciting, how will you be celebrating?
Great news! I was just about to ask you where the fundraising stood. See you next month in Anaheim!
No phone for a week. This is boutta be hard.
Most of my request are closed and it's weeks before (if at all) they are dealt with.
burned 371 calories doing 60 minutes of "Walking, 2.5 mph, leisurely pace"
I'm guest number six at In'n'Out... Thas right... The best number of all time
Think Like a Man was some bullshit just like I thought, it had funny partz though...but thatz about it. -_- glad someone else paid4me ha!
As thank their fans today I'd like say thanks again to the 298,096 that saw at The Q this yr (3rd in the AHL!)
Apparently the printer powers the Keystation. This is SUPER convenient!
Epictetus~ Man is troubled not by events but by the meaning he gives them.
yeahh, I have friends who keep trying to get me to be one, but i dunno! and YES! I was going to die of joy.
missed lunch again today. If I was anorexic, I'd be proud of myself.
Thx for the RT the mention and welcome new followers!
which I'm looking into. Can I email or call you with details on setting change? Email: 0845 1300 999, thanks!
Sweet! How much?
new favorite provenance statement includes: "A full explanation would only serve to confuse most researchers"
#AAM2011 Online fever session: Q&A How do u manage library research needs? Panel: students use textbooks, online resources, e-reserves, dbs
#Tcap dude in the red ecko is funny as hell
RT : Tomorrow is 's third application deadline! Let us know if you have any questions.
Tests, tests and more tests
where are you? We stopped in Alabama to eat.
I reset again - now deleting all the spam ...thank you !
POP-N-LOCK BEAT MIX going down live on w/ & at 6pm!!!
RT :Destination Imagination teams from all over BC inspire me with their energy, enthusiasm and innovative minds.
Thanks! It's been a pleasure studying under you!...and teaching me how to win lol.
I'm so excited!! #nowdarlin #yourecuter okay? (;
AndiamoSantaFe thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
love the Lord, that's my goal
thannxxx do u like the one on the beach with my back facing
Hiding in basement
I would say ferentz deserves his salary?? What do u think
We are in Illinois visiting family but I hope to get the froggy live stream.
Big day for team glma. First rally in columbus, and now onto Richmond. Best of luck to the amazing team!
Lmfao!!!!!!! The one that ends with 9677??
Donegal Fergus on taking over LCC baseball: “There were some persuasive people in the LCC family who wanted me to come back and take over.”
Yikes, man :( Hope it gets better before the day's out.
I love to sit there lookin pretty while my man works
what's your station # in NYC?
LOL...well I guess
Tour tomorrow of ! So excited! Probably going to get some to take home too!
BTW met yesterday.. TOTAL sweetheart!!
ignite: significance of peripheral participation "I can't dance, but I can look cute"
Sounds like I need to start randomly ringing doorbells!
oh that's what I've been doing lolz
Great to meet you this evening! Hope you enjoyed Southpark. Cheers.
right here
I'm so lucky to have Not many other people would bring me hot chocolate at 4:30 AM after working all night.
#wheniwasacrab Ellis tried to charge the marching style n the #marching101 went crazy. I was n shock(n freezing) the whole time
great show!!!
Have I already been back to work today for over 2 hours? What happened to my weekend?
I'm one of em. I mean, I'm a little younger than the league itself actually
- #Firefly is the best Whedon show theme song. "Take my love, take my land Take me where I cannot stand..."
hey Dante ! :D
Thanks to Phoenix Rising #Chicago! Who should our next dance group of the week be?
Do Yo Remember the first time we kisses?
Yeah I'm sure you really also enjoyed that conversation...super humanizing...
RT : Leaders of faith know that HE is their strong tower. Talk about 'advantage'. They can run to it and be safe (Prov 18:10)
Giving up my ticket to tonight's sold out show at Antone's! Who wants? $23 obo. GREAT band, but I saw them last night.
bring back National Editiomn$
Saw that on NOAA... What does it even mean?
glad I'm not the only adult that realizes that lol
*lose...silly freshman!
I was doing community service at the rec center!
"If you're running while your pregnant will the baby fall out?" Omg did my sister really just ask that?
#VegasRoast jimmy Greenup live from Miami getting us started!! Surprise, surprise fucks strippers!! Hahaha
#StaySrongRyanKennedy not really sure what this TT is but it seems important
Bored -> Goes to Kithchen -> Opens fridge -> Looks inside -> Leaves empty handed.
Thank you! It's next week. I just believe in planning in advance - with cupcakes, of course.
Survival week is rapidly approaching
Shopping today with my girls :)
I'm here to take the sky
It's morning! Well sort of, it's nearly 12pm and I just woke up. Hahah, have a great day guys(:
What's with those Notre Dame disco ball helmets?
awah I miss you too!
OMG that means it's the weekender already?!??!?!?!?!?! so early.
RT Honestly asking who these folks are and whether they're still floating theory. << Good Q. on May 1, for one.
Hi Tom!!! Hope you, Galia & the little ladies are great :)
I know you're trying to get under my skin. But that's a pretty low bar -- nobody cares what you think except me.
We may have a fix for that. ;)
Are there any stoles or cords available for TFA members graduating this semester? We would love to represent!
#Authentic as can be!!!..What about you!??!?
Telephone holding up pretty well to repeated smashing against cradle and wall.
i just like doing smoke tricks
all awkwardly or what? "..oh. Hai." 😳
anytime is good for me
My children was scared but they trusted There is no way I would let them fall I tied what we had on together Kept lifting til I had them all
Celine Dion's Big Come Back to Vegas March 15th 2011 @ Caesar's but if you can't make that date she will be hear throughout the year
thanks to creative tech for their wonderful online classes.
bad uncle
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.Vince Lombardi
Glad things are looking up. Yesterday was one of the worst days in my life!!!
swear he think he grown
Goin' to BEA and the Latino Book Awards tonight!
Wow!!! That was a great performance on Glee and I don't even like that show!! That's crazy it was already taped..RIP Whitney!!
what's this Chicago news I hear?!?
I have a legitimate fear of people who drink coffee while on the treadmill.
Hahahahahha(; you wish!
Who missed me
Needless to say, my lunch break helped me power through the day. Thanks for stopping by #StateDept guys!
#InMiddleSchool i still rocked it at
The basic rule of free enterprise: You must give in order to get. -Scott Alexander
Time for me to sleep. I'm so drained..night night niggas
You are not in control of whats happens to you but you are completely in control of your attitude and your reactions to them.
child I will text it
you're sitting in front of me
yeah, sorry bout that. site has been up and down with all the new, heavy traffic.. it's good and bad..both at the same time.
hm, I don't think I could handle a nice Ms. Bobeah, it would def be weird.
Gonna take a break from the remix's and write some originals! -3E
hey it is what it is he ain't doing his part
Enrollment in courses is booming this Fall semester. What has been your favorite CCPE course?
o ok sumthing going stupid wit my phone I'll show u wen u get home kisses
can u come here?
Tonight represents our best chance for snow in the Cascades we've had in a while. Keep your fingers crossed!
i love fenway park tell that mlb network to reair that show
Thanks for the follow! Happy New Year!!
I'm dedicating my time to watching a whole bunch of snsd music videos
omg I get to go to the drive-in next week...jijfjfgsdjdfsfjks
Time to find out who's a real mahomie.
hope that link is good.
We can't DM you, but you can email us at
#BackInElementarySchool when I had to dance with Ian ackerman!(:
My Ambien just made its drunken appearance known, so I better get into bed before I end up passed out on the floor next to the bed.
I'm glad my blog followers enjoy <3 RT : thank you for all the joe brooks on my dash <3
"A wins a win the playoffs man." - Kevin Durant isn't worried about the aesthetics.
What are your plans for the weekend?
Wow! Great crowd here on the 1st day of presale for our Designer event!!!!
we're right down the street so be sure to stop by for some great food and drinks!
cool inside look.
Tax-free sales give unfair edge to online sellers - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Will be working with Orlando's own on a revamp of www.djchino.net. Stay tuned for more details
No, I need you, , and for that tutorial.
Not an Issue. Been along for a couple months now. TWolves 11-2 ATS as Conf dogs TY. I must ride along on this one as well.
Ugh! I wanna ask him out but I barley know him!!! Should I ask or wait?! Dx I'm shy tho bt I LIKE HIM!!!
First twitter post... I tried so hard to stay away from ever getting on here
You're not cool so can you stop trying? Please stop dancing.
"I'm scared I'll lose my fans when I get a girlfriend.." ~Justin Bieber. This quote is sad. But you know what's even sadder? It came true
I got my hurr cut!
For the record, I hate heals
It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office
All across the country :) RT : We break the silo between universities :D
Really? Wow how?
Perhaps it is no accident that today's art is bleak and smeared with a lack of color.
so. much. sexual. tension.
Oregon Coast Summer Preview: June in Newport, Depoe Bay: (Newport, Oregon) – The beaches are warming up – and so are the tourism hots...
This year at school if I ever find a paper on the ground I'm keeping it & by the end of the year im gonna try to get at least 1 paper from-
Maybe you should tell people follow me :p lol how are ya Niall?
Ask me if am assed? Coz am not
King Khan show was going OFF last night! crowd surfing is back what what!?
And what are you going to tell yourself you are LIVING FOR?
I found out that I can become an Italian citizen even though I've been living abroad. I wonder if I'll have to take a test like they do here
They can rename that Bamboo hole Vietnam
Did you (or anyone you know) have your taxes prepared for free last year by UW or CKEEP? If so, let us know what you thought.
Eventually the coin's got to come up heads... right?
But now the fitness challenge starts to drop 25 lbs by my bday.
I should know by Wednesday!
Relax with a pot of Golden Assam with a Portabella Mushroom, Red Onion & Fontina Cheese pizza and a double chocolate biscotti
Submit links to american made products to and I'll put them on the site..
Let's make it easier for startups to raise capital, create jobs & succeed by passing ALL pieces of
Seriously can't take the stupid any more.... cc
I Love You Justin Please Follow Me <3
RT : talking about the importance of downtown development at Mpls Rotary
Totally RT I would like to have brunch with a yeti. I would ask him if he can ride a horse.
Our team is working hard to to get the music video posted at our earliest convenience. Thank you for your patience.
Birmingham, Alabama tonight. Traveling to Oklahoma for our show with Greyson Chance.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN!
T1 That said, I think it's important to acknowledge the lack of respect nurses typically get the other 51 weeks...
RT : Register by 3pm to make sure you get a t-shirt for this weekend's epic stache bash Guzzle n' Gobble!...
Looking for rockin' stylist for photo shoot in #SanDiego on Monday. Ideas, anyone? thanks!
Hey forgot you're in the same general area. Enjoy your "flight", but be careful cause we'll be wanting much more of your music!
If you missed the segment on KUSI, I'm sure you are dying to know what is serving at Island Divine. Seared Ahi Wontons...
no problem bro! :)
we don't won't Babeau either...
is so sexy holy crap! So jealous that met him! xD
Acceptance of differences is # love. If only we could see life the way a 4 year old can. Imagine what this world would be like?
^ Caps tweets
Any recommendations for a good iPhone twitter app? keeps freezing on me and hate all the ads on
Thanks for the feedback! You're not the only one to ask for this, and we're listening! Look out for an update coming soon
Looking forward to Friday!!!
Anyone else wake up to gunshots in Hampden last night? Any idea what the deal was?
Cheers to you! Dying to know about your first karaoke adventure.
All this whining is about to drive me crazy
yep :p
Of course man! no prob. and thanks about the designs!
Every year, 100 million sharks are killed by people
and just like that, a good friend is going to be our wedding photographer! so happy!!
#lvima Book yoga, karate and pole dancing classes @ www.campopoly.com
: Wait, I left for half hour to pick up kid -- how did I miss the whole district election thing? No see on Twitter
The couch is my best friend. Oh how I've missed my best friend.
you's a fool, my dude. Lol
I love ruffles with french onion dip way too much.
man just working... Glad to hear your in good spirits... Looking forward to seeing you back on ur feet. Praying for u bro
In SF. Any chance you guys are around thurs night?
those first two games were pretty random.
haha just being an add :)
Hey Congrats on adding Kevin ... He is really a great guy ...
Don't hate me for this...
ahaha I spy the autographs :D
I'm not saying we do, but why kill your cap and overpay for guys like Garcon and Meachem? Still talent out there.
Make sure to pre order my new upcoming album "Robbie Macioce: The Covers" that will be released on May 25th, 2012. You can pre order for $10
- iHate When Nigguhs Show Out Wen They Get round They Friends!
Tomorrow with Greg Kihn - Cherie Currie from The Runaways!
Em was nasty in that too": Renegade by Jay Z is too real."
Gym time!
i love him<3
About 2 win $300 thx 2 fantasy ftball. a new pair of shoes maybe?RT: why not fantasy models where we predict who walks runways?
I dunno. Love night tennis (good idea, Myles), but I have some nightswimming memories that I treasure. Like the song, too.
I hope the president will answer alot of questions on the economy.
Trying Research hibernation in the next 24 hours. mocha & sleep, perfect combination 完美结合
poor, poor, poor guy!!
Enjoying Blanc De Noirs before dinner
Just one of those days my arm is killing me
just finished my pretzels :( and 2lazy to get up 2 get more LOL!!!
I am super excited to watch Tron Legacy on iTunes tonight for the first time. Couldn't see it in the theatre...Sigma out
when y'all tryin to get this thing up and runnin? im tryin to put this #Work in like #NOW!!
clearly someone's press.... Lol
Pleasure to finally put a name & face to decades of great artwork. Been a fan since 's 1st album art!
Seeing lots of Youtube people so far! Did you see the sexy sax man?
Thanks to all who made this conference happen! Great content, connections (and hooch)
Tumblr is ruining my life.
I feel like everytime I try to give someone advice and they don't take it, they end up regretting it.
A newborn’s first cries serve a very important purpose. By helping fill lungs with air, crying helps newborns start to breathe on their own.
So gents, I greeted the #10 pick with a big fat "meh" last night. What say you?
You will be on our list, free before 1am
already ate, in the locker room #andiPOOPEDinmypants! Lol
I love making eye contact with a beautiful woman, looking back and see her looking back.
“: No-one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt #quote” thank u~I needed this tonight ;)
wants to dance, love and dance ... again:-)
What's up bro? How u been? Got your beer back in. In case any of your buddy's need some.
thank you for coming!
guess who liked the show?
depends on the day I wear em all I love jocks an boxerbriefs the most. Boxers on the weekend
LOL! But the Movie Tavern does it.....
It's a well-known fact that traditional unemployment figures exclude chronically underemployed penguins.
no, but we will have some video content available post-conference.
was able to find the sponge bob fabric.. still not caught up yet.. almost lol.
You're a waambulance!
#thedrive LMAO tell that dumb caller there is no plan B!!!!
Birds can do it, we can do it. Let's stop talkin', let's get to it. LETS FALL IN LOVE. :)
I don't care, I love all of them (:
Happy Thanksgiving my little turkeys! Gobble on now.....
Super fun day at work..
very true, tho, increasingly, twitter users are *becoming* the ones we need as they start making hiring/tenure decisions
#FF Stay in touch with some good ones!
RT if you wouldn't mind seeing someone you work with get punched in the face!
Any moment I step off a plane to see a place for the first time.
men should always carry their own condoms... women still poke holes in those
any good albums i should be listening to for #musicmonday?
RT You may never know what results come of your actions, but if you do nothing, there will be no results. - Gandhi
Sometimes the worst in life happens to the best of people..
ME too! Love it!
Well I been smoking since 6/?/2007
actually I was surprisingly serene about last night's events. Shot off a couple of pissy texts, shook my head then slept.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they help bring change.
forever alone.....
Thank you for doing your recombobulating at MKE! Happy travels.
I won't be, but our team will, incl.
RT Up and at it. Do not slack on your health, fitness, and money making just because it's the holiday season
Imma go to sleep tonight dreaming of Lincecum throwing angry birds at the Bushies ;p GO #SFGiants !!!
we r on break thru nxt week (we get 2 weeks)- but I can get teachers to do virtual sessions/skype calls with yr kids if u want me2
Hahahahaha I was happy someone else was experiencing what I was
RT “The Pledge of Allegiance says 'liberty and justice for all'. Which part of 'all' don't you understand?” ~Pat Schroeder
what, is it really??? It's not showing sideways on my computer. That's weird. Ok, I will fix it. Don't love the picture anyway.
But if you look on my personal tweets I just made a background.. The twitpic.
I need it!
Health Plex soon?
A Friend Is Not About The Peopl Who Act True To Your Face There About The Friends Who Remain True Behind Your Back
Nice 5 1/2 hour shift to end the day 😲🔫
your missing out. One day like 2 weeks from now. Your going to be like dang...I wish I had gone with Natalie
Lmaooo , they be making you jealous with their little old people flip phones !
No prob :D
I'm having a moment that is equal parts lame and hilarious. Oh, Hans.
Excellent! I'll let you know when I get there!
i love it when people think my shit is about them, when it isn't. #ifitwasiwouldhavetaggedyou and you're still stupid.
iThink Yall Should Know Your " Fans " Are Immature Well Some Of Them Posting Negative comments on a video of ashley&prince.
Too true! RT : I think seeing what people pin from my sites it's more useful than analytics!
why dont ppl just listen......
please please follow me mikey it would mean alot to me (:
RT : RT Just killed the bacon bowl at Milkboy. My new favorite dish. What?!?
so much anger for Java data structures now. wrote out something in Python syntax just to clear my thinking
The rumors of Dirk's demise were greatly exaggerated.
thanks again!!
I totally agree, Hirsch is bad news and that Barnes guy, worse news. RT : Barnes and Hirsch have killed SPN Forums
love it! Hope vacation is delicious - looks great from here :)
The idea of the #Footloose reboot makes me want to outlaw dancing in a small fictitious midwestern town.
I don't think y'all will realize how good the concert was!!!
Most people use their phones now days, but wrist watches are still a great way to pretend you're wealthy.
The first Mass Effect and Dead Space are going for €3/£3/$3 each, while the sequels are 12
#SupportCLEbusiness - It's got a nice ring to it, eh?
Told ya. Brauny just has the herps. Happens to all the male whores...
already in the air
I just want to wear 5 panels with you and pit.
I'm trying to keep my WW points low today so I can have cookies tonight.
hahaha he better
- in the batch file just put: Powershell scriptTitle.ps1 And save as .bat
ha! Thanks!
Tweetville not letting me post images....
Can't figure out why I get a javascript;; error when I try to insert links into blog, very frustrated, any suggestions?
your welcome:)
Sorry girls if u haven't been by my side for the past 10yrs through the laughter and tears the way has then it ain't happening!
When will i stop missing you damnit. I just need to b patient and never again settle for less than I deserve!
Agreed. Fireworks seem to sell though good or bad
Unsolicited advice: You should avoid any man who uses the word “preggers.”
Every pacer game I've gone to.. they have won.. its a must for me to go now lol
no not yet..but soon tho!
Tonight's Special: Sirloin Burger w/ Carmalized Onions and Apple Brie, Lettuce, and Garlic Aioli and Choice of Side!
And vicar is out.No recording tonight.
nigga i aint ur personal informer jk..but toothman told us on thursday we got practice on saturday..so i thought ualready knew
Thanks for RT!
RT my first music purchase ever was Beastie Boys "Licensed to Ill" cassette...
Then too he dont deserve it either.
Dominic is driving me crazy, HE's so hot and so Straight. WHY Dominic why do you have to B hot and straight,
Great article!
it's not looking as bad as I had initially thought, but I still owe quite a bit. I hate taxes...
Now I know what balls smell like! GROSS!!
Pray tell where has Mitt Romeny been recently? Hiding the slings & arrows of Cain's sexual escapades hoping 2 collect voters peeling away.
I&#39;ll call u when I get home. Going out after I get off in 10 minutes
Getting my hair done by the diva!!! Pics soon to come.
If a relationship, or a person does not bring you peace...thats all you need to get out.
:( what happened
#Random Too Short is a bad nickname for a grown ass man How can you feel good about yourself when during sex a girl says "oh too short"
Go Ducks!
cause & effect, risk & reward. That's y it's important to get to know someone before u stick your junk in them.
oh but i lovee you so much as im listenint go our song forever and always
Thank You do much! You are Awesome!! is a Lucky Duck!!
Need to take risk in order to grow. Beth Comstock. %
M we love the song The Truth by Handsome Boy Modeling School with the amazing Roisin Murphy. She does it for us!
Some people have a cup of coffee in the morning. I do #shivanata!
I don't know about Micaela, but I'm packing for a cruise!
Every story has an end , but in life every end is a new beginning.
BUZZ, Indigo Tree Publishing's hot novel set in Texas, is now available in Chinese on e-book formats. Read the five-star review from Asia.
As my first tweet to you as a follower-Let me thank you but also caution you on any other recos from
Thursdays are my (obnoxiously) long days.
would like to visit Harvard one day and see all the cars parked there.
That sucks because we were supposed to be friends forever. :( oh well.
Ouch. That got him in the jimmies
The cool thing is you know there are people out there who were at every damn City game in the second and third division, now they get today.
absolutely. See it
No one ever got rich and said "i did it by working 40 hours and sleeping 8 hours a night with naps".
set my alarm to wake up early and perform surgery on my car. all better, but it's the third thing in the last few weeks! :s
": I hate when people try to act like they can't make a double chin.....like SHUT UP YES YOU CAN." DOUBLE CHINS HAHAHAHAHAHA
Cats fed, coffee in hand.
Sashay practicing to be,a rapper n shit lol
Piers big fan of your show, could you do an interview on this Andrea Rossi guy?
Can't wait to try out my new Kindle Fire! #happygraduation #thanksmom&dad
I love pancakes and eggs for breakfeast
#Feedback is critical to effective communication between parties
#Spurs clipping! 1/24 game v. Utah. We're so behind Deron Williams is still on the team.
If u're not following , u're not cool ;)
Looking forward to getting a lot of sewing done this weekend :)
Damn shit wild
this is signing off for :)
word Alexis? We unfollow people now. Okayy.
Oh and I just got pulled over. Maybe I should make a list: Thanksgiving 2011 misfortunes.
Bout to go meet new friend in few
The domination continues...GO CATS!
ughh today is just not my day
yes Chicago! not permanently, but I'm working for the Chicago Fire EVPs at NBC and need to go on location through production
I think #Boston Cheap Guy said it best about #SouthieParade day. via aka #PBR :)
Just got off the phone with Mark Barreres from www.VABusinessNetworking.com he is a Smart Guy give him a call.
YOUR CRAZY..
True To Your Heart - 98 Degrees and Stevie Wonder
Sorry to hear that, I hope things are going well for you.
Manzanita Sol is the best soda in the game.. and for 88 cents u know I had to get 4 2 liters.. :)
Ice-cream was good :)
There is just so much to be said, so much is running through my head.
RT : #ff a trio rocking the music world <<< you rock homie! TY!
“: Loving this episode of Downton Abbey with pointy ball and men in uniforms running on field.” - nicely done, sir!!
Everyday www.hrjobboard.com have new resumes and jobs posted. Visit us daily until you get what you need in your career!
awe thanks!! I can't wait til we come to Japan
Cactus League opener at Phoenix Muni. Manny hitting cleanup for #A's.
Psalm 33:6 By the word of the Lord the heavens were made,and by the breath of his mouth all their host.
is it a girl or guy?
hey--great to see you and hope things are good.
yes he is a huge pervert he rivals Master Roshi in his pervertedness
"Live by the sun, Love by the moon."
i knew it ! <33
Yay! RT : Hoping pops get out today...hopefully for good this time.
lPlease follow me Lux (: I would be so happy if you did ♥
Does anyone else realize how crucial Sia murdered Flo Rida on " Wild One" her voice steals the show.
I'm having the day after the holiday blues! I don't want to go back to work this morning :(
Over here writing new songs to take to hourglass studios in the next couple months
But why did it have to be a "big duh"? Lmao.
haha I'll have to work on that...well I'm supposed to hear back on Monday so I dk
No relationship is ever a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, it taught you what you DON'T want.
Game 7 will be epic...I hope
That's a Damn good reason my friend!
I know excited summer here we come <3
u making this available for streaming?
My #FridayReads: Memory of AllThat :George Gershwin, Kay Swift, and My Family's Legacy of Infidelities by Katharine Weber. Sad & riveting.
Did you ever get your smoothie glass back?
US Department of ED partnering with #EDUCAUSE and #HEISC on information security and #InCommon on federated identity management
The loudest nigga in the room is usually the broke one
omfg. If I meet you I'll cry. My friend's sister wants to take me and her to that date!
Just got a tan in a bed that vibrated .. #anewlevel of tan.
in summer, a bacon caramel, this time a salted caramel chocolate pretzel bark. Undercooked caramel, both times. Bummer.
5 hours later, they just gave my sister the anesthesia.
I like it!
can I apply that to the Prism journey? Qu'est-ce que c'était beau!
It's Friday, I got paid, today is a good day.
Tomorrow is my 26th birthday and I have no plans. Ideas?
So funny story, I'm not packed...
it's just another manic Monday
Ohh Sweet Baby Jesus, I start dade tomorrow.....
We've had beautiful weddings here If you're attending on Jan. 29, stop by & check us out!
nope against the rules....
RT : This is a really good everyday kind of red though I still like those big Cab too! #ccrest Do they reuse the barrels?
Glad you got it worked out Scott.
Monday morning: homework group session ;)
you will RT this i belive it :-)
So it begins. cc
i need your number! & i know, we need to hang out sometime. I just realized your picture has me in it!
Ling - burbot: an interesting fish by any other name - Bismarck Tribune
“: The one that got away.” a dead man. Tonight ;)
great, excited to work w/ u
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
I am really jealous of all the folks who got to watch 's #4c12 live coding/app building performance.
get published in ZOOMER & AgeVenture magazines. Reach 81 million boomers in North America. Send your news or story idea to:
MCA's hall of fame letter "I'd like to dedicate this to my brothers Adam and Mike....also for anyone who has ever been touched by our band."
Forgot to cancel a trial membership with MustHaveMenus.com. So, if anyone needs some on-the-fly menu design, you just let me know.
Ball State needs a shuttle tracker app. Everyone would buy it.
If you think a rabbit laying eggs has anything to do with Jesus I got a bridge in BK to sell you. It's a pagan tradition.
Discussing the ups and downs of Jose Valverde right now. Leyland says fans got "spoiled" last year. 248-848-1130.
Your WORDS are POWERFUL...use them wisely ~ 1 Peter 1:15-16
All of my grading is done. Let the weekend begin! Ｏ(≧∇≦)Ｏ
Before you gays get too excited about what Obama said; talk to the troops in Iraq first.
She's scrumptious!
what's the matterr?
This #cmtraining feels the most relevant to the type community management I do at Wikia - looking forward to it.
have you LIKED us on Facebook yet??? Momentum Marketing and Event Planning
I just remember having a lot of fun during that trip.
actually he said apathy is at an all-time low.
Anything for the greatest guy alive. <3
don't you think I know exactly where I stand
#DearGeorgia- I am so genuinely ashamed to call you my home state right now. So much for faith in the Criminal Justice System.
"There are lot of pretenders, some contenders, but not very many closers, pressure reveals what you are." wisdom of Johnny Miller
Between 3 episodes of Doctor Who and the new Narnia movie, my day has just been chock full of British accents
Put yourself in the shoes of the people you have to cover.
Just put a new recipe on tap at A Dunkelweizen that is out of this world! Has a slight smell of fresh baked banana bread!
Good news for immigration work! Cecilia Munoz is now WH Domestic Policy Council Director
thanks for the love!! Xo
Happy birthday coach sean payton
I've already seen it on my timeline !!! Better luck next year
I FREAKING LOVE U!
In addition to all of this, these reforms will not affect call boxes. We are not compromising one public safety issue for another
Wow wow wow. My sister's fiancee decided to go out and get MY dream truck for MY sister. Shit sucks.
Who's at happy hour right now?
lol back in NY
*Inhales* then *exhales* Hello World! Good morning! Grateful for another day, a new day indeed! Everyday above ground is a good day! RT
With a handful of boys, #MittRomney forcibly assaulted a classmate with scissors. Why make such a man commander-in-chief?
@ whoever is saying #1Dfansleavetheboysalone, they LOVE it. :) Have you ever watched an interview?? <3
RT : There’s no pit so deep that He can’t reach in and lift you out.
At an art museum? Do you think that happens more frequently at art museums?
ahahah we're terrible
why would ever change his nickname? He has the SEXIEST nickname i've ever heard!
So psyched! RT : hey everyone..I'm performing in Unscripted NY ths May in midtown!!! Whoo-Hoo!!! Follow 4 info!!!
-some guys should be careful && think b4 yhu speak..
I'm so annoyed by this situation that it just makes me wanna die
asdfghjkl; next time I'm making sure you make an asshole out of yourself!
Tuesday Special. Pasta and garlic bread for $3.49 or Goodfella pasta/meatballs/pop for $7.49! Cadillac Square just east of Campus Martius.
My house is just a big load of drama
I'm jelly bro. I think that's what the kids say nowadays.
Late night HH starts now! $3 off food 'til 1am. This week only as thanks to readers for naming us best late night dining!
Going to see the Cranberries with my sisters 😝
I'm so thankful for that twitter account. God is good 🙏 lol
Baths cure all ills.
love the beat to that track. I bet It was hard not to murder.
You bet.
views are always great from the Top of the Mark! Thanks for asking! :-)
question from the audience about meeting the needs of students with print format disabilities.
Article tips: Grammar and spelling are important in the title and the article body.
Related: Fans not happy with Bears effort on season extension RT : Forte not happy with #Bears' effort on contract extension
Needs a haircut like there's no tomorrow.
looks to be as if the knicks are getting hot at the right time huh?
OFF TO SODA BAR IF YOU ACTUALLY FOLLOW ME (STALK) I WILL FILM YOUR ASS SO DON'T EVEN TRY
Morning, I wouldn't want to be short any Yen pairs 2 day.
Lakers seriously like now is it like
Vision without execution is a hallucination. ~Thomas Edison
I'm #agnostic #atheist & I don't focus on my differences with deists, universalists, agnostics, other atheists.
Awesome! Glad you liked it!
mi poor bebe never seen at night :/ he's the founder of #teamnosleep lol
Is that guy suggesting that non Irish nationals should use black lights. Pure racism.
Ah nigga sad
your very beautiful, care to chat sometime? =)
but just like iBookAuthor I'm sure that MSofts goal is to drive people to their products. Corp phil is usually driven by that
I'm listening to Van Jones and he's giving me hope.
Eat good stuff! Today, strawberries, bluberries& bananas in my yogurt.
Welcome to Smashville, Cameron! Congratulations Brooke & Codey! :)
The move by to leave Republican Party had big impact on poll numbers. 63% knew about it. 33% were more likely to vote for NF
#miz #umwhat RT : There's a shirtless old man playing hacky sac in the middle of speaker's circle
Ok thanks to I am now officially hooked on Downton Abbey.
Back to the grind!
When will MLB Extra Innings purchasers be able to watch the games on a mobile device. .i.e. IPad? We need an app for that now!
Amen! Hugs! RT : Long day; long week. Just keep on plugging away
On My Own :) Independent but still FRESH :) HATE on it BITCHS
ok thanks
Another successful event! Thanks for the shout out! RT : 3:30am and I'm driving bring a truck on the 10...
LOL he has problems hahahhahahahaha well I was joking around with him the other day. But I thought he knew I was joking
Reading the revisions to what will be ThoughtFly Press's first novel. All I can say is...it ain't no Twilight.
i'll stop -.- all you had to do was ask.
your drug of choice.
Clayton Holdings Launches New Website
You being gone<<<<<
Sadly people will now drop #TimTebow faster than dirty underwear. Guess that's professional sports.
its pretty legit !
Honored u are following! Looking forward to ur tweets on #marketing, #motivation, &
my art twitter! ellicepark_art :)
goodnight...BTW u hav really pretty eyes!!!
Fun Fact: If Manhattan had the same population density as Alaska, there would only be 15 people living there.
make two dreams come true but following me nd 20
Great songs!!!
I must be a fossil too, because I am slowly turning to stone. :)
I love you
Drew Beckmann picked up the win and Blake Dewsnap tripled as DeSales (16-17) defeated Iroquois 11-1 on baseball Senior Night on Monday.
Ha, is that Nathan's car?
if kentucky lose ima be laughen
I don't either... but this one was genuinely good. Pirate it and tell me what you think.
The last two nights, I dreamed in West Indian English.
hahaa i can so see him doing that!
#DanceMoms? Who knew?
Lol. Thank you and ditto!
Enjoying the tedious task of biding sales presentations...
I'm mostly moved in. Should have wifi working tonight, and then I can call it home.
?s about what's in ur hair products? Join in! RT : It's Twitter Party day! Join the fun tonight at 9pm EST/6pm PST
you an jouser forgot about me. /:
Thank you Nadia. You have been a big help : )
My mom get mad wen I say I keep a spare one! I tell her that' make it easy to forgive and forget the bull from the last one!
Why do some men insist on bathing in a bottle of cologne and then stting next to me on the bus? FYI, women don't like this!
""When people cut you down. Or talk behind your back. remember they took time out of their pathetic lives, To think about you.""
Fake ass...smdh I can tell when it doesn't come from the heart!
A thousand splendid suns is one of my favorites too!!!
98 PXY is everywhere! Text IPHONE or DROID to 69822 for the FREE #PXYAPP (standard txt/data rates may apply)
no one ever tells me goodnight.. thats all i want. #):
new #Radiohead out a day early. So far so good. Reminds me of Amnesiac
Adventure Time <3
hopefully we have some meatless pza ( is ordering, is vegetarian). I am SURE we have meatless beer!
Biz op in Amarillo! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
why you leave :(
And....Rory joins
A world without Chocolate? I don't even want to go there!
I sent them
OMG awesome!!!! Which one is that again??
pretty good <3 haha! I'm too lazy to use twitter on the computer haha!
Katy Perry Hops On The Carly Rae Jepsen Train, Releases &#39;Call Me Maybe&#39; Lip Sync Video!
I swear-.-
I love my uncle, he emails me telling me all important stuff even if I dont care. It's so so helpful though!
Stay tuned for the big launch of CareerOyster - Wednesday April 14! Online video-based career coaching...
Big PV Fan! Hope you get to add dates back to the podcasts. How else will I know when there is a new podcast to download.
I would like to congratulate you on your admittance to the 1-score Club on an AP physics test. Very prestigious award.
>> Agreed. Always fun to see my fellow CUA Law alumni around town.
I hear you Councilman! I've faced a lot of this but being your authentic self will prove out in the long run.
hi Lucy! would you mind giving some advice for a band that is just starting out?
First up in OverDrive Theater (Booth 818): 5pm-Collection Highlights (hot new titles) and 6pm-WIN Catalog (Buy It Now, Test Drive)
Seattle AIDS Walk was a huge success! Thank for stopping by the AMLI tent!
Miss May I.c:
Can you contact with more information? Thank you!
Sorry for all the !!!... Might be contact high on crack.
maybe. RT: Is someone desperate for some Sunday story ideas??
We are finally taking our Bromance to the next level.
Cool. Thanks. We hope and think so. I think anywhere people like living can be a startup hub with some help
Hey, Sheryl. The west coast is just a place to call home. I'd like to take a trip by motor-home and refresh my mind. You?
I want nothing negative in my life. I'm finding my way to the lite, and my load is getting lighter.
I just love all the love my phone is getting....-_-
White can be fine, but I prefer Pinot Grigio, Rieslings or Gewurz over Chardonnay. Just not my preference. Overall, red, yes.
working on art for imprinted wine accessories.
Going to use Loreal Sublime Bronze this week for a tan to save money. Hope I don't go oompa loompa orange.
Fuck, I got what? A week? to get this Fantasy baseball shit together? It was easier last year when I was unemployed.
"Success is the best form of revenge." -Jay McGuiness.
Did you know Colima Linda Apartment homes are only 2.0 miles to Fashion Valley Mall :)
I wish I made you happy.
Had fun with the girls.
Harris: If a third party vendor has your data, and the govt wants it, they'll often turn it over. Strengthen contracts!
nothing much wbu?
u need 2 get into modeling the camera loves u
i offer my prayers to you your son and faimly, thanks
I love this weather right now. Time to go
when are you telling us about the LA concert (: <3
Ready for everything to be done and over with! School is driving me bananas!
Indiana is so gay compared to Florida
Snow flurries in Harbor East! And 68 on Thursday?
I always find looking up world records super depressing -- it undoes any delusions that I'm good at any game.
crap.. no outfit for the banquet tomorrow...
First Trivia Question just aired --> Who's got the answer?
do you live in Brooklyn??
Thank you bay I appreciate it
I'm working with someone at a banking center, but it looks grim. I don't understand how I can lose all the money in my account!
Chicago for now. Been bouncing around the last few years. Where in Cali? Heard its awesome out there.
I would love to support but the site is terrible and won't verify my identity because I can't answer ?'s 1/2
time is flying! I'm so proud of her!!
The Bedlam is a tasty brew. Chris is still not convinced on the need for unions in this day. Need to focus elsewhere; he can be got
First draft of Devil's Due is out for notes. Woot! Going to try to take a few days off now, but I rarely have success with that.
#WE ARE RIPCITY
It's Gibson martinis for us tonight. 1st round with Boston Bittahs, 2nd round with celery bitters. Yummy!!!
ahh i seriously can't wait for Lightning in a bottle
hey why u mad at me
aww you just made my night :) thankss
Curry be getting on my nerves !!! -.-
sweet nectar of the gods
Can't wait for my fwends to get here and the birthday festivities to begin!!
Bitch please, my phone battery last longer than your relationships.”
Lmao yeah that's a good idea haha
Back To School Special Call For More Info 305.866.1940 Thank you !
I'm messing with you..look at it this way....no matter who ya pick, you aint beating my Falcons, hahahaha
Seriously I can never win
Singing 11:11 on repeat in my head :) I'm crazzaay like that #fangirling <3
Outstanding show you had Money Mike had today.
I wish I had picked up an apple before coming here. I want a fruit to snack on. Maybe Dee-Dee will hook me up.
We put any expansion plans on the back burner for now.
My hats off to you Mr. Robinson.
Adam blamed eve for his sin in the garden, by this we already know God is prepared for you to make excuses...
For my kids the bio-moms abandonment allowed my kids to grow without further abuse and they no longer live in fear of her wrath.
whats the one rule you must follow?
It's easy to get feelings twisted.
I wonder if the way I say thank you while crossing the street is just a 'bronx or ny' thing. If I did that in ky will they think I'm waving?
#FF My #MLSDigital West Coast peeps.
Thunder. Lightening. Again!
zomg zomg zomg - PEOPLES: Major #ala12 announcement, so prepare your fine selves.
lol if he asks. If he doesn't I'll =( and move on.
EVERYTHING. >:l im mad at you
It's to co-o-o-o-ld outside, for angels to fly
Can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow it is a hot mess forreal
:) Awesome, yeah it was a tie for me between Carter and Tucker but I like that he can shorten it to Tuck :)
Ours were generally helpful. The trick is to communicate early and often.
FUTURE will be LIVE at #IBIZA nightclub FRIDAY April 20th. You dont wanna miss this one
next show: huge. show after that: huge. next one after that: huge. next after that: also huge. the one after: huge. lesson: all = huge
Cool I'm fixing to go to bed talk to you tomorrow. (:
#ILoveMyMother even though our arguments are fluent as the air we breathe.
Nice hit! Now go back to bed.
Nap time ☺
That awkward moment when your gas light comes on and you are stuck in the middle of stopped traffic on the 405...
How's life in your part of the burbs?
I swear to god, the lady sitting next to me just hacked up a lung. No joke.
I think I will be. Lundqvist is a beast
JK... givin you a hard time that's a cool name. "Like, OMG, Devin, Haley & Jessica R so mad at u!"
#NowPlaying | in search of Sunrise 2005 | needed to keep me chill today.
Generation OS13: the new generation of resistance
Psycho T
Nice! We just finished epic rounds of Apples to Apples and Clue over here.
Welcome and thx new followers
Jazz Legend Sam Rivers, RIP
Hit up the #SocialGood folks They may be of assistance. :D
that last tweet was for you. I also implemented sky law
Wants a new UStar site. But until then check out this week's paper for New York tattoo legend, Andrea Elston right here in San Marcos.
It's silly and a shame, but I think that's what happens. A common line is Visual Studio developers are complacent.
i wish gthis hoe would talk shit to my face today is NOTTHE MUTHERFUCKING DAY!!
I know someone who put a penny on Nevelson once in a museum. Was still there week later.
#RHOA "to Africa...!" let's change it to "Real HW of North America" then.
Down 0-2 sucks, gotta take advantage of the next 2 at home.
no more 'what if's' for me.I can trust that I give every moment my all, and stop the endless circle of "where,when,what who could I be with"
Stupid early mornings. Stupid mondays. Stupid combination of both. I'm gonna be Garfield for the day...
“: booth t minus 20 minutes and counting! Get over here!!”Whoo! Team Smallville!
Portuguese and Spanish babe. :)
my message doesn't ring a ding ding ? Lol
is home safe & sound.
Seems wise to remember this election year derivation of term "politics:" poli: Latin, meaning many; tics: small, bloodsucking creatures.
2012 Tea Party Debate about to start we are here live Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Presidential Candidate
We've got vegan BBQ seitan sandwich, a lamb burger with shallots, Valdeon queso de azul, shaved fennel and seckel pear slaw.
sour diesel
You got this! #goodluck !
All ohio red wins lbj 17s
yo i SWEAR , that nigguh was throwing like 85 ! :/
YOU LOOK SO MUCH CUTER<3 WITH YOUR BRACES OFF(: DOES IT HURT? and nice suit!! LOOKING VERY FANCY:D hey GOOD LOOKING<3
#Magor now coming to Philadelphia
Scenes from Rogers Park: "Yep, Obama's here" "How do you know?" "Because 4 giant military helicopters just flew over our house."
This weekend is Art in the Pearl and the sidewalk sale. If you're looking for something to do come on over to the Pearl and check it out!
Immersion Names Paul Norris as Chief Financial Officer
Join us for mat pilates class tomorrow morning at 6:45am. Cardio class tomorrow at 8am. New clients: 1 week free unlimited group classes.
Experiencing the 80/20 rule today in all its frustrating glory. Any advice for getting on the right side of that ratio?
Im tripping on words, you've got my head spinning.... i dont know where to go from here<3
So disappointed to see Tigers finish at Masters. NOT!!
Late dinner...
in concert singing a part of a year without rain in Spanish and that estubo beautiful song beautiful :)
thank you so much
Don't do too much, I just was really confused. The only english I have ignores the first sentence
you caring me lol chill Hijole “: it's nicki minaj mom. Chill! Listen to lyrics.”
Back in Nashvegas...home sweet home.
Happy Birthday daddy!!! Thanks for spoiling me :) <3
you are on a movie watching binge, yo!
Found out where it is playing...take a quick flight over and I'll buy you some popcorn. Don't act like it hasn't been done.
It's only going to get better!
Texas learned from Yates. No this woman needs to be put away for life, do we forget the family of victims in this case?
It would've been awesome if Jim Rash was wearing the Greendale Human Being mascot outfit.
Partyin me & Nicks Birthday Yeeaaahhh Buddy
spent the last couple of days falling asleep to 'atlas shrugged' . . . and it feels like the book would have me imagine it differently.
My oil painting accidentally fell on me the other day and, without thinking, the first thing I checked wasn't me but my painting.
i love u please notiice me #Drummer Boy#
Please cross your fingers for good wedding planning news later on today!
Damn I love weekends
didn't somebody say you sounded like a man on the phone not too long ago #Leo 😷
Great day of shooting #EliteAthleteWorkouts with Watch for his episode this summer when he is sure to be making headlines.
My wish for you is that this life becomes all that you want it too.
And another family and another world has been created at "the next level". Thank you every one.
mine and Sophie's fault... :)
no school tomorrow, #hyfr (;
S/O to thanks for following
I'm going to poop on ur counters and we'll see what u do
Brunch! Do it! 2-4-1 Bloody Mary's. Don't forget to also come down to check out the Packer Game tonight at 7PM
thank you! Am confirmed for webinar! Can't wait for that and your fabulous book!
I want u to beat sum 4 me
My family is the best
eating it whole. But leaving enough to dunk
I'm so over u lol
was it a nice Xmas?
I'm happy 4 u boss let's be the beast of NFC East
My hotel supplied me with white ginger shampoo. Am I being profiled?
At Cantor Fitzgerald....
like always, bish.
Michael, thanks for the follow, look forward to being in contact! Best, Matthew
BETHANNNYY! how do I know if I am on the guest list for tomorrows event???
Thank you so much Justin!!! We love your Smoked Paprika Walnuts very much too!!!!! Love you blog!
With at capitol grill Boston
I BEG TO DIFFER RICE KRISPYS ARE LOL...
After a great finish that night for the #Thunder, it's time to watch a little
Understood. We're working with DirecTV and TV Guide listings to correct the error.
Will do! Thanks Nicole! :D
I wonder if I put a picture of my Ass as my profile pic I'll have thousands of followers without me actually following any of them ?
International show for the second time today
A day with and is what I need right now.
lol that used to be my truck
Lick! Lick! Lick! Up and down round and round, eating so good we ended up on the ground. Scream my name girl! Scream it loud
Watching Step Brothers
Dinner at the Laurel tonight I hear is working
ah, thank you ::blush::
Inside every girl, there's a boy.
that's why I'd take you on any athletic team of mine any day
me too!
Crazy morning trying to do a bunch of non-work related tasks - but this afternoon, I tell you, I will write. And it will be great.
Limit your daily caffeine. Caffeine is a diuretic & may cause dehydration, decreasing the positive effects of your daily water intake.
One who sits between two chairs may easily fall down
Another gripping episode #NextIronChef - can't get enough of this show!! You can cook for me any day Chuck!!
by all means. RT: DC Food Tweeps: What restos are making the best hot sauce inhouse?
#MVP just dribbles out entire shot clock start to finish and takes a terrible shot. Good for !
Nice picture! Hope you enjoyed it :)
BMW ad on the Yahoo home page is something I've never seen before. Rotating whole page (along with the car) 360 degrees is impressive code.
I wish Brandon and his friends would leave.
Does the scoreboard go up to this much at the khole center?
you should have seen the party last night. Halloween on 6th street was awesome.
nah it wasnt too bad. The annoying kids singing said bye to me..like they remembered me...ahahaha
In that dream I could hardly contain it, all my life I will wait to attain it
79% of employees who quit their jobs do so because of lack of appreciation.
Thanks for following! Wishing you the peace and harmony you create for others.
When I hear 's "Refill", I feel it! You can't deny it! Love that song!!!
Dude I'm absolutely obsessed with Kingdom Hearts. Probably because it's Final Fantasy & Disney mashed together in one game.
Lol up this early for track
will let you know if it's tasty. And I'd be honored to cook for you!! Just come to the UWS and say hi :)
that's a sick article. I want to try a scotch from each region!
hi digger
robots, wat about the flyin cars!
Definitely! What about Procter & Gamble (makers of Vicks VapoRub and NyQuil)? Any other products you always use when sick?
The singer Peter Cincotti sat down at the grand piano and turned the living room into a cabaret. He was joined by the actor Tony Danza.
I love brooklyn!!! Let me know before you come to town again. And get Jen up here!
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Friday, May 11, 2012. Y'all have a great weekend and we'll tweet it all again Monday!
I cannot wait for all of the new music from and they are my idols! <3
Research at Columbia Univ. then browsing stores & eating joints on local side-streets.
going to dance. :).
Love that song!!
Congrats to my boy on finishing the Boston marathon
After we kissed, I could only think about your lips.
Happy Maundy Thursday!
Man I am super bored tonight...
what's the recipe for that butternut squash fennel soup. Sounds delicious!
I need money.
Welcome to UK. Give em hell.
Idk what it is now, but I would think more people use Macs. I love my Mac. U jave one?
He probably will not be using his foursquare account anymore.
New York baseball trip planned. Woo.
Praying for the little boy & puppy who were attacked last night - ppl should not own rottweilers, doberman's & pittbulls in NYC
Eating with ! :D
YAYYY, help me figure this out in kaps class :)
I'm to old for you I'm in high school
At 10am our Voter Registration project starts at the West Senior Wellness Center. We will be here from 10-Noon every Mon & Wed in Nov.
I don't follow many people from school...there is a reason for that.
Yes. RT Which is more shocking? Omer jumper or Omer 3-point play. Discuss.
#TeamFollowBack You got it...
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. ~ Confucius
I've lived here thirteen years now, and the weather just keeps getting weirder.
haha haven't figured it out yet. But it was a major turn off!
glad you liked it. Perhaps not my usual. ;D Have a super weekend!
I could never use one of those automated tweet programs. I'm no robo-bot.
you can do it! i believe in you!
"Economic collapse threatens our nations future until the government passes a new bill dubbed...Mall Madness".
Haha thanks ^.^ You're awesome!
I wish I felt as much passion for something as my dogs feel towards the doorbell
" Thanks. Brunch was delicious." -EthicalPervert Give it up for Twitter!
Happy Mother's Day!
My mom just asked if I wanted to go to an Angels game right now. Ah I wanna go 😒
Needing new followers
Can't wait to see Adele perform
we got the email. we'll find out what is going on. expect a call from us
Nothing like getting some good news and sharing it with over 1,000 of your closest friends. I love Twitter. You guys rock!
Orange crush!!! Let's go!
Thanks so much! Glad you liked it :) Spent my non-twitter time writing this week - felt good.
Thank you :) how are you??
How can I work on a beautiful day like today knowing I'm going out for drinks right after?
. You really missed the mark on your "Ugly Door" winner. It was classic #MCM styling. I'll take the ugly door anyday
Feeling good...gonna take the rest of tonight and tomorrow easy... Can't wait for the ASL Show, nervous & excited! =) <3 #I'mJustLivinLife
Jane mentions #BuddyPress, and says that is working on working on getting it to work with regular WordPress. Cool!
You should try Nobu, I'm sure your smiles will get you a table no matter what.
Video game tester jobs are readily available!
"...it is not our fault that people are poor, but it is our responsibility to do something about it." Richard Stearns, Pres. World Vision
": you can't define me" his about "stone missile"?!?!?!
hahaha I will semi-miss my love-hate relationship with walkarounds.
I HATE MY PHONE!!! Ugh
Good advice from Michael Hawley: "You need to be more playfully engaged -- not only can you afford it, you cannot afford not to."
I'm sure it was worth it. you kick ass
I am tweeting only because Gmail is down. This tweet is like an emergency flare from a stranded lifeboat.
Lee: We also know what these communities needs. Let's use what we know.
Oh my god the father/daughter duo was the cutest thing ever! "What does vote mean?"
Sorry. Just responding and promoting. Don't mean to be a pest.
After France, Geneva, Lausanne, Zurich, Oslo here I am. Glad to be here with friends, love and family wassup Fam ?
Getting nails done. (Y)
I am World Famous JMoneyMakk!! lol
3rd Engagement on SuperTova. 1 year of operation and success stories are surfacing. Keep the Fire Burning. SUPERTOVA.COM
''You are your own problem, &&also your solution''
hey i'm fine what about u honey?
Engage your brain at tonight's exhibit opening. From 5 to 8pm we'll have free wine and appetizers along with special guests and more!
Dear , we exist. just sayin(:
Does the New iPad Run Too Hot? [POLL]
well i can't wait 2 go back 2 VA
not really! i made donuts til 6am
Karma is open! Come on down for the Packer game, the kitchen and the bar are open... Go Pack!!!!
I'm convinced that if it's marketed to old people and it includes a "free kit," it's a scam.
GiveLitter™ Voters Contribute to the Largest Known Cat Litter Donation in History
knowing who unfriends us is a good thing. Most fb friends aren't real friends, just potential acquaintances.
#Smallbizowners "can't compete by imitating bigguys...have to innovate...r less obsessed w/ earnings than w/ideas."
Xmas Tweets: Mom agrees with some of Bill Maher's beliefs, but she can't look at him. His looks attract "strange birds!"
Its its its pretty baby wow... pretty is as pretty does.... Welcome to prettys world...JUST WASNT MY TIME
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A court can order child support payments even if both parents agree they do not want child support.
you going w your cheeseballs?
Happy Friday to all of my tweet peeps! It's #planking day at the office, pics to follow ;)
We have arrived! Waiting for others to show up :)
Well well well
I think the braves collapse has something to do with jack wilson.
at the end of the day
GM from the Windy City!
#tooready teach me how to be a Hautian!
Man KILLED IT!!!! He too legit!
Looking for freelance photographers in Texas. If interested email portfolio & rate to work(a)1mcreative.com
Not in the mood to do all of this.
Good morning world, and all who inhabit it.
this tweet made my day/night :D i love this and i have to agree!
People say there is no such thing as true love, Well if u don't believe in true love, u will never have it.
is she ok
Congratulations Pacquiao on a well deserved hard fought win!!!
can or apologize to sheep for me? I made his drink wrong this mornin & was also kinda bitchy #sorry <3
Note to self: probably not a good idea to watch anything "zombie" before bed. Heebie Jeebies!!
Curation is great for trade shows. It allows attendees to engage with & vote on the best/most innovative products at the event.
thanks for covering Thursdays event and for the great pictures you took!
Back in our office and it looks great! Loving that is acceptable to drink iced coffee today..oh how we've missed it.
I started to do my hair differently, and I'm really curious to what he thinks >.<
Happy Wine Wednesday! ""Wine improves with age. The older I get, the better I like it." -Anonymous
Chillin, watching movies.
Life always felt like a hollow cavern of defeat. Then I got a silk pillowcase.
woah...that's harsh
Happy New Year!
If you ever want to chat about embodiment/disembodiment, let me know. This is pretty much my scholarly obsession.
Cough medicane tastes worse than beer , i hate being sick .
Reason #82 why I hate the song "Single Ladies (Put a Ring On It)": It sounds like baby seals are being clubbed throughout the entire song.
#blessed birthday bonus 💜 my bosses are great I love my job 😊
Lexi, can you tell your mommy that I'm sorry :(?
First in ellen hopkins line yes!
watched the premiere episode of american horror story. really liked it, creepy, eery, quirky, mysterious
Mission "make this girl poop her pants" is on.
Forgetting Sarah Marshall. Perfect movie right about now.
I never had one. It held a promise of opportunity that didn't get fulfilled. Just like a poor mistress. :P
“: Tulo single to right field”
Heading over to the church today to help out with the worship team. First day on the job! Wish me luck!
LOL that's different!
Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and founder of Facebook, rang the opening bell from company headquarters in Menlo Park, California.
"We win half the battle when we make up our minds to take the world as we find it, including the thorns." --- Orison Swett Marden
ha no way you can knock this out in a 140 characters...lol. Yes but poor decisions limit your free will for sure!
Will Smith looking old in this MIB 3, smh.
You pretty much need to apply on your own. We don't have relationships with out of state firms that are established.
Oh my god I need to see more of the new Transformers movie !
truth. All my hope lies with the panthers and they won't make it anywhere yet.
I 4GOT THE NAME OF THE CLUB BUT I WAS ON THE TECH 9 TOUR
Fuck Gary Bettman and Jeffrey Pollack, self-hating NJ'ans.
hahaha!! I can't even give a normal reply without it ending in "that's what she said!"
Just censor yourself. NEVER!! Haha.
: Need a ride back to L.A.-Fly with us as Luxe Courtier jet charter. Discount pricing available!
“: Running around my neighborhood naked woo! ” WOO
better looking too
they do that to check ur vision it's part of ur regular check up
RT : "Even though life's a mess.. I'm still a freak n I'ma little horny... "
Wsop final table day! Usually wait till it airs but i always find out the winner early anyway so i'm following the audio stream this time!
I hit more trees than a blind Tarzan.
Just enough to say hello :)
Culver's the best, don't tell anybody. No more tweets please.lol
there we go baby...#OKC up 2-0 over
First concert for my girls!
In a Lonely Place (1950) takes noirish angst off the street and into a languid LA courtyard where Bogart and Graham flirt, connect and crash
Oh yeah that's pretty good, it smells weird tho :)
Terrence Ross will head to the NBA. Not as much college success as we would have liked, but a fantastic talent and a great Husky.
I got soul but I'm not a soldier. Sometimes you just need a killers fix.
hei arian I know you from Victorius great episode and I saw victoria ever been to Universal Studio okei love greeting vanycy
What was Anthony Davis? Haven't forgotten him already?
as long as you scuba, I am happy
Is it weird that the best dream I have had in a long time was about a #hackathon?
when the rhinestones on my pockets poke my butt when I sit down <<<
“Never let your memories be greater than your dreams.”- Doug Ivester
In less than 13 hours, the world will discover whether Harold Camping was right.....or wrong!
After graduation some people will still be in contact but most will disappear.. So there's no point in being in my life if that's the case
No time at all, obviously... RT i think ima jut come a half a day tomarro cus i ant gt time for des stupid teachers
"Math Can Suck It"
#watching The Hunger Games.
Skyvi it's siri for android phones check it out
Thanks :) Feels good to be back!
I'm in SOHO.
Haha agreed. Cubscast retired last Nov, and I'm glad we didn't cover this clunker of a season. Focusing on new web projects
Photography company
Join Andrew Braunberg on May 8th - 3:30 at booth 876 to discuss MDM Trends in the Enterprise.
