did you meet miss usa last night??
What's the research for? MBA?
will definitely give a shout out to ; email me info on the club plz hello at appcitylife.com
thank you so much!(: have a wonderful night!
Heading to in DC for the weekend to learn about reporting on super PACs
Can't say I've ever heard that before. Then again, I would never go to McD for a salad.
George Kuchar, master of the experimental film appears to be very ill with cancer. Terrible news.
Unmanned drone just flew over my head not a thousand feet up as I was walking my dogs...
#thebachelor honestly pissed... Jennifer was definitely my favorite..
We host secret house shows with live bands, record the set, and then release the tracks for pay-what-you-want downloads.
your welcome :D
first day back at since the quarter started. Not as busy as I thought it would be, probably because I'm working afternoons now...
Morning and Goodnight and thanks for the RTs!! Have a wonderful day!
:] Anything For Anson! Because Your Such An Amazing Singer And Guy!
Chicks dig tattoos.
Jeff Clark -- Drinking rawmilk reduces allergies, atopy and improves GI function (more probiotics).
Oh, nevermind. 4sq just wanted a version date. HackAPI updated, all back to normal.
that's like saying "I'm not like most girls"-Most girls. nuff said
We are a wine bar, wine retailer, deli, wine storage facility & event space at 1735 Hancock, San Diego. Lots of free parking in back.
RT : Moses just unlocked the Parting the Red Sea badge on Foursquare [with 40,000 others.]
um. Should I treat you like a hoe ? Cause you didn't follow me back. So does that mean your a unfollow ?
What makees you beautiful is number 10!
Did you make a difference in somebody's life today?
uhm, he was about 5'6, I think, lol. & yes, he's so sweet ♥ he s amazing, dude.
lmao! i'm done with you.
I'm gonna brew a #beer called "Monday" so when people say "I got a case of the Mondays" it will mean we are all about to get drunk.
Nice. Bo Ryan and #Badgers will take on former assistant Tony Bennett and his #Virginia squad in the ACC/Big10 Challenge on Nov. 28.
Now I definitely need to watch Thor. Loved him in The Avengers!
lol ok I will
I hope you'll have time to visit me in the Phillips Academy Archives when you visit the F. Holland Day show at the Addison.
Thank you to our nearly 700 followers on #Twitter, we appreciate your support, #JAM2012 events will be tweeted soon!
nothing like going back to the old favorites with new perspective
When one door closes, another one opens. When both doors close you're probably in my panic room.
Anyone have Bill Clinton on a #debatebingo card? If so, can you pick some lottery numbers for me?
let's make it happen
The language of flowers: Send him or her an exotic plant. It will grow right along with your relationship.
Valid point. Guy on Pintrest =
You're saving your love for 5 boys that don't even know you exist.
thinkin dale sveum should pull this dude.. or... leavem in... dont mAtter...
“: Man, I love the way Shaka Smart's teams play. Totally committed and locked in defensively.” They play with confidence.
Doin my nails , drinking a beer and watching basketball... What I call
#CelebrityTwitterPasswords Kim K. -- (One cheek two cheek)
at the crib and you are no where to be found
#whydontyou take your own advice instead of giving to other people..
Aw.I'm crying right now :'( You & Austin are best buddies.It even hurts me to see him leave you.</3
hushpuppies for lunch! *so* excited!
Oh man.. we tricked you! Hopefully an will come your way soon.. or just come to this Columbus!
at 200 we will have an admin contest, and that is when we will start posting. -Allie(:
Hi Lauren, do you provide this service only in California or also outside California ?
County pension subcmte + County Board + Springfield. Appropriate start to what looks like a long, difficult week.
For free tix to the Takers movie send ur pic holding a hand made sign "WHO ARE THE TAKERS" with "mysoflo.com" underneath to
Who else has seen a snow mobile go 155 mph lol
yes he is. I'm so happy and grateful!!! We are really gonna celebrate on Friday!!!
my pleasure!
Been a long and stressful day so glad i can come home and watch jackass and be in a better mood!:)
so far so good
Where did the #fatsotour end up taking you in STL Aziz?
Who is going to ABAI?
"If I tell you I just got out of a relationship, bitch run...fast" - things I say
Meeting at work, means free FOOD!!!! YES
John Waters in the office
okay, so what is we expanded our search to the northwest? Every idea I have is downtown, bayview or eastside--too far
I agree. Way too many turnovers.
Hahahaha i looked ain my wallet and i only got $1 -_-
"Where can dora find the chocolate tree?" I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU'RE ASKING ME, YOU'RE THE FUCKING MAP.
Happy meals make me happy :)
rip smokin joe
I didn't know those still existed!! None in the New England! <<ThankGoodness>>
dude we can watch that again anytime. I will watch that movie 3 times in theatres. HULK!!!
I just heard you support Alec, a powerful right wing group that helps write extremist laws like "stand your ground." True?
And may the casket be lined with Huxtable sweaters.
you're blocked!
...the secret is to finish what is started. Or maybe that is what gets us in trouble. Start what needs to needs to be finished.
not an excuse, but that call on Rose w/ wade shooting 3 was complete crap. Boozer is a moron, Rose missed clutch free throws
Elephants are magnificient creatures - pure beauty.
you already know!!! Your ready for Friday :)
hmm- I see what you did there
Creating community:
Think I'll watch the conclusion of this #devils v #rangers game then switch to the Lakeshow.
Shaving razor on the floor at the library...eww, dookie.
Always wanted to try this! Would we need to bring anything? RT : see you tonight at 7PM for ! anybody can join for $12
What's everyone's plans for the weekend? Besides coming in to get a tan of course :)
yeah, I think I found those two points you're missing ...
Text me bored -____-
LOL! Haha what can I say?
#frontline program "money, power and wall street" proving once again why America needs
Yep, they really imploded. All the frustration led to a meltdown. They came out strong tonight, but could never regain control.
that's cute...
thank u for rubbing it in hahahah
I see has joined the Twitter army!!! #finally!!!!!
the time is changing so fast.one day we are looking for sticks,stones and bricks to play with.the next day we have ps3s,xbox-360s,and more.
Oh. I have an American flag on my house. Do you love that one?
That's the right kind of mentality! RT : Home again. Time to start planning for the next Hawaii vacation
thanks for all your hard work at Malice Domestic!
C'mon MJS, thats bad Wisc. scholarship. Coven is the movie Am. Movie is abt. Coven follows N'western, which was never made.
Brian Maguire: office hero.
a FAT ass or a BIG ass ?!
Both! Either! Official #MainStreets are affiliated w/ our program, but same ideas for others.
pays tribute to Sparklehorse with Emperor X as in-studio guest. This and more on Radio Freedonia from 2-4 PM on wtju.net or 91.1
Girl in this class dreams of being the first female GM of the Ravens. She looks like she has a better chance of starting for them.
BE ON THE LOOK OUT FOR AGP NEW MIXTAPE 2012 PARTY NOW DIE LATER DROPPIN @ THE END OF MARCH FAREAL NAH!!!
Do you offer early registration?
be there at 8:15 right?
lol you know you love me
Now THAT's funny!
lol, I hope so, because I'm working on a new project involving it, something new to delve into. :)
see you tonite.. btw, try to get an invite to the pyladies/surveymonkey party (ask at pyladies booth)
Hey Beverly. Bringing back Reaching Latinos Online. Look for an invitation from for a chat!
We're here! Bedtime.
Snowstorm: a gift from the Nielsen gods to my friends in the throes of the February Sweep!
this is so funny/weird. Who made it?
the showers? Lol do you mean show? :) xx
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAH omg I wanna see xD
this is much more fun to watch. The problem is still the same this organization refuses to spend money on quality pitching
thanks for following!:)
sending one your way now (:
Occupy Wall Street Movement in NYC is real like flesh. Young people of color get involved your numbers are the highest in America for jobs.
Great workin hard as usual
Just heard Charlotte alumni present how the Fellowship helped to integrate transit & community development plans
It is easier to write an indifferent poem than to understand a good one.
Prohibition created strange bedfellows of "bootleggers & Baptists" - maybe we need that synergy in #ag #policy. - Mark Muller
Do you normally work in a photographic studio? Are you bored always working behind closed doors?
"Excuse the Mess: We are Remodeling"
Markets are a leaking indicator. We forget as answers for every point needs to be explained by the suits as what's news now
The night is young!
hope to see you soon in new york
hell yea do it bro
Oh gosh, RT I love it when dark-skinned Puerto Ricans grow out their hair.
I'm getting tired.
When my mom says "calm down cujo" I get pissed off. That's my saying. Don't use it against me.
WILL DO. I just have to catch up on work that I was supposed to have done weeks ago 0____0 this week is going to be a blast
God wants to bless us where we are. Joel Osteen
Great feeling that I Also have tomorrow off too! Cute for me !
Is it Keyla? I saw her tweet about it earlier today. A bag of nuts in her pic haha!
Two and a half more inches of rain in two hours. Wow.
I have a lady-crush on her, and I only moderately like the show. I just don't think she's worthy of hate (the show, though, might be)
There are an unusual amount of butterflies this year.
Lehggo!!!!!! Those ugaly rats and don't know what's coming lol smh
Whenever I poke my cat in the eye and he gets squinty, I feel bad and poke him in the other eye, so I can pretend he's just really high
people nowadays r more worried about gettin the next text from thier crush instead of the more important things lik
Look at you being active on twitter! Yeah, Jack was excellent. I'm sure there will be another opportunity to hear a version soon.
Texture post today was EXACTLY what I needed!
I Believe That We Will Win!!!
I like your show and the featured artist Ywada... Good job yall! D Powers Texas Follow
oh Alrighty then
No more of my plugs bruh....get ur on
That's just pure- Sheen ius
balance to the force
Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros - very sweet, wonderful, lovely...
yea he does, n his instrumentals are dope
Venus hell nal 😂😂
how did the upload go? Did it take!
Thank you for your question! We're about to ask it soon. Stay tuned!! #digidoy DMIS
I would love to get a S/O from I so love him!!!!
Rapid knowledge increase = fewer experts, need to specialize, reach for help, foster social participative learning communities.
Follow , help'em hit 3000 followers by august 1st.
I think forget me not blue
guess who is one of the captians for softball?!;)
RT : Life is short!! Enjoy it people !!
I hate homework :(
Haha, ew I know, that would've been TOO awkwardly weird .-.
Twitter: women tweet 30% more than men.
:'[ Wanna sleep but can't...ran out of sheep to count and stars to mount!
Got an espresso machine at work today...aw yea
LMFAO I died 😄
wow Danni. That was mean
Thank you everybody for coming out! I'd say it was pretty good for an acoustic show. New video update coming soon!
No card for us. RT : Where's the day of thanking us spinsters for not kicking our nasty genes forward into a new generation?
While transforming our ability play our game with with integrity, faith and passion
Friends are like snowflakes: if you pee on them they disappear.
wear your eye patch on both eyes!
Hi Lacey. It was nice to finally meet you in person at yesterday's #smckc happy hour!
Assess the results. Survey. Debrief. Learn. Stop the insanity, if things don't work, do something different.
Been shopping at the thrift store for my 1yo. Pretty sure he's wearing girls jeans today.
go frogs
Do U Know Him Does He FOllow u
We have more than 13,000 books. Open 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. today!
St Paul MAGIC weather is in da HOUSE! : RT this if your hometown is having incredible spring weather this evening!
like there is a big hole in my heart </3.
“: I love looking through everyone's prom pictures on facebook #creep” lol Leah I love you
Great lecture last night by my fav illustrator, & bonded over art history influences in illustration! Thx !!
"why am I an asshole" "sexy princess monkey, I wonder the same thing " k siri
To the Soul that knos it own Divinity All else must gravit8. *Come2Me* Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!
Time to lay in my comfy bed, eat junk food, and watch movies until I fall asleep.
Math knit-itude will do it every time! Just don't geek out till you freak out... sudoku will calm you.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
you from China? Anyway, just follow me back.
Just basically bathed in Aloe lotion. Ok.
Thanks for the follow...GO WHITE SOX
Ann, if you would like a copy of my book for nothing, please let me know. Leave me a note. Hugs.
Thanks very much!
Kenny: to finish: the neck was made around '65 by Frank Ford at Gryphon Str. inst. in Palo Alto. Love it!
OH MY LORD!! is on inside edition today!!!!
Well, I'm almost done with the preconference at #TXLA12. Interesting stuff. Conf. Welcome Party in half an hour.
When Kahn tells us his life story instead of doing a lesson.
hahahaha one of our baseball talks. Dewey, whatever you do, don't try cocaine. Don't do it!
Wow...the opening of that remembrance is pure poetry...RIP Mr. Scruggs...
Like the Wicklesshop Candles page on FB to win a Scent Sampler Pak: A $40.00 value! www.wicklesshop.scentsy.us for Fall/Winter catalog.
my REAL id got rejected at a corner store last night. girl gave me SASS too :0
I'm a sometimes delayed on my tweets. As you know.
Uh oh...old face coming back to the Pack? RT : Very interesting things going on now..., stay tuned!
girls prefer a small night sometimes...?
Let me know if you have any questions, maybe I can be of assistance?
#GoTribe Anyone wanna go to the tribe game tonight?
very nice my kind of guy
YO! I'm on the intro track right now. Already sounding good.
check ur email SON! boom!
SIx-hour fantasy baseball draft is in the books.
Locals , I Feel Adventurous and Acrylic Lies have all been added to the show on October 30th at The Polish Club.
Watching Oprah's
You always find things you missed the first time around. Hope it continues to encourage and inspire you. Blessings ^staff
The Sandwich Rule: If they weren't born by the time you were old enough to make yourself a sandwich, they're too young for you! --
Flying in Sunday for 2 weeks. Make sure you answer the door :-) lol
Soo... I guess finna fight this fly though ... SMH !
hey there :)
How did Dominic get the name PT?
is at 007 w/ Nick and friends.... And breathing in a lot of smoke. Oy.
Skipping bewteen Syfy Channel monster movies,A&E's Beyond Scared Straight and Comedy Central's Stand-up Showdown.
The Opera dude gave me goosebumps. Don't judge me.
i know im stupid!
Just because you were born in '97 doesn't make you a 90's kid.
I <3 my son. That lil negro knows how to win me over , smh , I gotta stop giving in but them cute big bug eyes & pretty smile I can't resist
“Sex is more than an act of pleasure, its' the ability to be able to feel so close to a person you're a part of them.”
Congratulations! You'll love it. Medill Power!
Marriage. became #RollTide & became #Ravens fan. Everybody wins.
RT : A4 Well, the only criteria is to have radio ready music !! We look for music we like and the fans are requesting
awww. what time do you normally get up? here in afghanistan, i work 9am to 9pm, wake up at 7:30am. Ugh.
Think I shed a few pounds today in the gym with
Students for a New American Politics (SNAP PAC), nation’s largest student-run PAC, endorses Kaine for senator.
Im going to PA too!
'We have stayed at Casa Morada several times, each time has been a beautiful memory.’
Happy Mother's Day! ;D Xoxo
Smh that scared the shit out of me !
Thanks so much and for your great live-tweeting of the #NAICU Annual Mtg!
HIVpositive client started with in 2010, weighing 97 lbs & today he's 50 lbs heavier thanks to our services!
This mustachioed grandpa kept farting during yoga and then shooting me mischievous looks.
Is this a jazz snow?
Of course!!! Also great to places to escape from the almost spring snow.
Who u know thats 19 that bought their own car have their own place and never took a handout once
OMG yesterday was the worst day ever!! Everthing that could go wrong did!!! So glad its over and I can start fresh today!
"is really a furry??" - an anonymous (and serious) UT Law Student.
Spanish language doesn't have a word for "accountability", therefore concept doesn't exist -Olson
Stairway To Heaven on the harp.
omg walter we forgot to talk about the son.. that was so sad!
"That's why yo ass smell like obituary paper"
RT : FREE DOWNLOADS - "CLG Distribution Free Music Sampler - Fall 2011" | 15 new songs for free - bit.ly/prJMIl
Are you guys playing MP3 already? My copy is getting delivered today. I'll be on later for sure!
that was your quote too wasn't it?
Decision is the gas for life
Graduated from youth leadership Blount & thankful for all my lovelies from it
The girl I'm with just sucked the lime out of the bottles neck..... My balls just did a jig!
A Darker Side of Things and let me know what you think. Please forward this message to all of your family and friends.
Breakfast. “: If you gave up meat for lent, reward yourself with a nice brat and a liter of beer today. Monday calls for it.”
Anybody else having trouble with #fiverr? I'm not getting any response
This world's an ugly place, but you're so beautiful to me
call it what u want sounds like grounded hahah, lay down the law lol
Oh, stop. Not sure it means much other than that I've used Twitter too long and occasionally, too much.
get bakk online I'm ready
Garrus is my favorite. :D
was we supposed to be playing somewher tomorrow before sharrahs thing?
Cooking dinner #AGirlsGottaEat. 😁
Well sorry for having fucking feelings
lol that's what it seems like
“: um, i'm allergic to pineapple, if you were a real friend you would know that #suburgatory” -- hope nothing major happened
she's super cute!! pinch her cute cheeks for me hahah? :)
I'll be posting some new pieces on etsy today! yay
I have Put Your Hearts Up stuck in my head! I know all the words ;) haha oh and love you !<3
Outstanding power lunch with the great - Always informative discussion about tech trends and user experiences.
Good morning everyone and a Happy Mother's Day out to all you moms. Way too many of you to say to individually. Enjoy your day :)
good night
When your eating her out and her breathing patterns change or speed up, that means don't stop, shes almost there. #BMB”
Coach Ort may know more about horses than football.
...and you need to be very proud about it too :-)
HEY! Nice page(:
Forgot to mention that Jay Rock really shined on that Black Lip Bastard remix. The best I've heard from him
Romo is gonna blow up this year
Rise and shine on a #blackfriday morning! Come visit us at 4th and Pike in Downtown, by Macy's! 10:00 am till whenever.
Oh well , too fucking bad!
Disciples of California Games
I h8 it when my mom says "it's my house so you live by my rules"If it's your house why don't you clean your own house on your own LADEH.
agree with you sir.
u have a hot new follower!!
Timely for semantifying Open URL framework for context-sensitive services based on ANSI/NISO Z39.88
Take out the validators (just to make sure they entered email address and it's in right format) and ok Page.IsValid is true now. BUT
Stunning is correct! We love this issue!
“: Saad Mohseni of MOBY group: big rise in local, independent media across Middle East #predict2012 #twi2012” stay tuned...
yeah i agree caitlin. so frustrating. i believe though.
Howdie ! Love spots like Restaurant Zoe. Or greasy spoons w/ great pie. During #SOBCon mentioned we should grab a drink.
said your not suppose to wear a seatbelt in the back seat 😳
i <3 my trampoline!
I know those words all too well. No more sympathy & or empathy. I've tried to the point where I can't try anymore.
My mom just told me she's waiting to see if i'll make it to twenty.
Don't be exploited! Mechanical licenses, Copyrights, MIDEM, SXSW, Harry Fox, ASCAP, BMI --- don't have a clue? Stay tuned I'll tell you!
#thingsidowheniamalone 1.dream up new ways to torture my students, 2.play far too much
I'm So Tired Of Being Sick And Tired!!!!!
[1Cor7:2-5] In a marriage each renders due benevolence to each other. Neither has power over their own body, the power belongs to the other.
Oh wow! Today we drove by the thrift store that we shot one scene at in Van Nuys --and it's CLOSED! So sad. :-(
Hey Rachel, thanks for following !
good luck :(
having dinner with CIRL labor libns @ Marrakesh. Belly dancing !
So pumped for Pumpkin Potluck!
Princess Marie of Denmark studied abroad Switzerland and US, welcomes #eaie2011 to Copenhagen.
It is 9AM in the Southland. Mostly cloudy day here in Los Angeles, rain tonight and tomorrow. Open houses on Sunday should be sunny...
Ugh I'm so fucking bored
apples n peanut butter has been the bomb since pre k.
Any hot guys... Have a KIK text me (:
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83
Exploring Australia today with Jon and the Aussie Pops!
Are these the same teachers that are feeling left behind with/about 21 Century learning? How would you help that teacher?
Absolutely. Thanks for the follow back!
Memories, Mistakes, and Mishapps are what life is all about. You learn from all of them.
i hate walking the dogs -_-
My Love Just Made my Day with that Simples cute Text =)
you used to make this wegmans hot Thai soup. it became a comfort food for me and then u dropped it.
w/ my three nephews in SF, CA. They like Twitter better than FB cuz more wrestlers tweet. The oldest is 9. Cool huh. They luv u!
I saw In taking 5 I love tha movie :)
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
Which place?
My brother Cuff just made the sense just now.
If it was not for copyrighting on the term LCG we would be using it already.
RT : It’s World Salt Awareness Week! Try to eat #lesssalt by using herbs & spices instead of salt when cooking. More tips:...
Alera York Series Mid Back Swivel Tilt Chair, Black Leather. Each
today was just not that great of a day... at all.
Let's fight Twitter spam by refusing to auto-follow, and then block all spam pages immediately.They will be swiftly removed from the system.
Lol the fakers gonna get blown out FTL!! Make koMe really sick
thank you!
RT if you want Microfilm to do a remix of one of the new singles!! Thanks!!
Is it really that hard to find a girl who doesn't want a dbag? I used to be a dbag and somethings that i did still make me question myself.
matching bowls with my brother:)
I knowww its awful. I even washed mine yesterday and its covered already!
looool definitely not apush homework, we don't even get homework like that
: Let go of the word hate, it compromises your nervous system and causes sickness.
Marriage and Morals is Number 1 on our Father's Day List by Bertrand Russell. Winner of the Nobel Prize.
Excited to have here for their Legacy Weekend to learn about discipleship and investing into others lives for an eternal impact
!!! RT : I'd Be Broken If Things Don't Go As Planned..
"People who work together will win, whether it be against complex football defenses, or the problems of modern society."
SMH. Not too many things worse than a self hating Black person.
yup, they will suck out grease, hot air, etc....Just be careful you don't exhaust all of your delicious coffee....LOL
Finding love is like trying to find a four leaf clover
Game 6 of Clippers Grizzlies should be intriguing. The health of Blake Griffin and Chris Paul could be the series.
LOLOL MO THAT IS NEVER AN "Ew" SITUATION!
yes I am hoping can create drupal module for citability that can also do an advanced citation by adding URN:LEX!
Join me on Tin Pan Thursday, March 29th for Songwriters with Fagan, Hayford, Reed, E ...
Hahahahaha I was just picturing this!
Hey , great advice for making sure your tax professional balances maximizing returns and obeying the law!
Another busy day! Can't wait until Friday!
I don't know Pam McGee. But how could such a laser-focused hard-ass raise such a yutz-y doofsteak? Or... or was it inevitable?
Eating soo.. brb =)
Have't been here in a while...How's everyone in tweet world? douggieb
I later repudiated at least 30% of it (evidenced by my scores on "worldview tests") but when I read "How Now Shall We Live?" it changed me.
RT : #MoreFemalesShould try and improve themselves, and stay positive rather than picking another girls faults out for them.
I'm excited to see Syracuse football in Philly!
Thank you -- looking forward to it!
Happy Dr. Seuss Day! What is your children's favorite Dr. Seuss book?
Primary reason was the weather. We want to put on the best bouts we can, and the rain affected too many events last year.
Well fro when I went to McDonalds tonight some girl asked me if she wanted to sit with her friends and I bet it was because of the
Wanted by Hunter Hays >>>>>>> Me gusta.
In dreams begin responsibility. -William Butler Yeats
Thanks, John!
Omg You Should Call Me
My birthdays on the 7th you guys. i gladly accept forties.
- Any Pittsburgh news lately?
The entertainment industry has lost an amazing artist, RIP Adam Yauch.
I don't know what to do I like this guy some of my friends supports me but some dont aahh
yes. Inside you
Lol some motivation from the one n only pacman last nite
if there were absolutely no obstacles in your path, what would be your dream?
That passionate stare before a kiss
umm, when do you usually get up?
Hahaha, Just burned my moms toaster.
and let's not forget they employ shawcross
Just made a massive green thai curry with what?--yes, prawns inside. is so lucky
Happiness is drinking a Venti Non Fat Latte Schiphol in the early morning.
Anybody interested in me liveblogging some company downsizing?
ok hey I am gonna c if i can tweet on other account :)
More work today on #TheTownThatDisneyBuilt So much rich #Disney history to discover, and amazing stories to tell about
All's well.Thank you for the kind words. I enjoyed doing the interview with and found his Donnie story touching
Also, were "fanny" packs meant to be worn across the butt? Thus the "fanny"?
one of The Information Age's larger ills, IMO - who lost the f-ing Users' Manual to these screens we bow before?
#10basicfactsaboutme I just dyed my hair& I don't like it.
I was a little nutty when my daughter was a newborn but now I'm a free-wheeling former germaphobe.
jk what i said before! it was just my computer jacking up :)
My solution is to never put one up.
that's what I do best ;) lol
Ride's over but the extra-hot embrocation is just starting to kick in.
concert friday?? #ithinkyes :D
I am ready to accept what lands, sticks, misses, or hits the fan. ""When it rains, it pours.""
that is about the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Makes sense that iowa and neb would that dumb
Going out to dinner with my love! Have a great night....I hope all of you get some booty tonight! ;)
this vicky d. whoa !
Happy Mother's Day to all the YANKEE Moms out there doing the right thing and raising their children to be YANKEE fans! =)
I'm in Clovis. Part of me wants to see Wolfe Manor!
People are always hatin on my mullet. It makes me want to grow it longer.
great game!!!
Also how did we get to such short school days. How can a teacher even attempt to get everything in on these 4, 5 school days.
“We need to think about how we create our content using consumer centric terminology” -
So thankful for you Friend! =) Hope 2 see u soon!! x
This a good as game
u should say something comforting like "I'm sure everything will be okay". -__-
HOW CAN NEW MOON GET NOMINATED FOR BEST MOVIE ON THE KCAS AND LOSE TO FREAKIN ALVIN AND THE CHIPMUNKS?!?!?!?! AAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!
u keep telling itself that. I'm sure that's how Yankee fans feel when they go on and on and on #puke about all their titles
"Leaders don't create followers, they create more leaders."
Are you the Benjamin that was recently in Mitch Lippman's class at NBC/Uni?
Fuck i wanna cry u.u
up late watching "home strange home" the Arizona cave home is the most amazing thing I've seen in 15 years!
Peggy Noonan just asked if N Korea was a "whack-ocracy". Excellent term.
Thank you! :)
you got grounded
I'm interested as well for march 9 to 13
Trying to shoot our first Nicaraguan sunset. Runnin out of time. Zooming towards a mountain
Loved it! 🎀 RT : #kurtsaudition he's too cute ☺❤
Watching a re-run from July of Letterman with . She looks so hot! Lost 90 lbs and still has the best sense of humor ever.
Hi Michael, thanks for following me, would you have an interest in a free recruiting tool to grow your numis business?
Next time I decide to run in the wind, please stop me.
You too! Great discussions, good food for thought (and good Greek food), smart people. I had a great time!
Tired of this busted azz gym. Question is...24hr or LA?
My lotion bottle is made from recycled material, and it says, 'please re-recycle.' Isn't that re-redundant? -Michelle
hope they win!
the kings take the win today! 4-2 :D
a week?! SHATT !! lmao they've got good cases of liquor on deck. Hell that's the best grocery store fuck a jewel lol
I will #Follow ya back in a bit gotta get my #Grind on!
Your portfolio and website are fab!!
Sitting @ iupui for a couple hours and I've seen more genuine babes (not dusty hoes) than I have in 4 years at gbn.
Oops I'm awake
I played 9 more at Grant yesterday!
HATE that! *waves* HI! lol!
follow me hombre! Btw I wanna see in Nashville soon...I'm sick of watchin country drummers all the time
Champ shoulda had that pick
wanna get in a jello pool with me? hahahahaha that sounds sketchy
Mosses from an Old Manse - it's the 1855 Preface to Leaves of Grass's bad older brother.
If the end is so much better, why don't we just live forever - Shinedown
Sorry , question was how do you plan to repair streets.
I now pronounce you and as an official couple. You clearly do things we didnt :p
dumb assess
Don't use aerosol non-stick sprayers! Gourme Mist is healthier than those other non-stick sprays and better for the environment!
Congratulations on your Grammy nominations!!! They are extremely well deserved!
When you finally get something good, enjoy it, keep it, cherish it. Don't go on trying to look for something better.
"A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on." - John F. Kennedy, who was killed 48 years ago today.
That awkward moment when one of your parents sends you a friend request on facebook and you click, “ignore” o_o
is guzzling caffeine to keep up with Milt Rosenberg and two other guests on WGN Radio from 10 p.m. to midnight.
i miss some things about you ...not saying what they are. :)
A boy becomes an adult three years before his parents think he does, and about two years after he thinks he does. - Lewis B. Hershey
Oh snap?
neither. Audi kid.
The Darjeeling Limited is a really good movie. Self-referential, funny and visually striking.
At Veteran's Terrace wedding show in Burlington today. Stop by and see us in booth 103!
Ah...I JUST had a granola bar...not "quite" the same as you...but, "great minds think alike - sorta". Good doc visit today!
Good Morning! Go Packers! Remember WE Build Apps for iPhone and Android. Have a great Friday, check out my cooking videos
We're in Miami and there's no H&M.
“: Like A Prayer. Me. Being myself and psyched about the hottest halftime show ever. #BeYouBe7UP ” Go CeeLo!!
Thanks for the RT !
it won't let me follow u
tired of contestants happy just being on #Survivior & laying down just to see how far they get!
musical, happy, and random :D how about you?
Girls freak me out -
where abouts in Sconie are you from?
They look really lil on this court
Great day here.... off for weekend training with Mistress Susan... can not wait!!!
Why am I so tired?
awesome! Just turned it on. RT : Shoutout to On MSNBC in her hoodie!
yeah Claire's probably has the cheesy stuff but I wanna look and see(:
I'll put it again in reply to yours :)
white lion? White dragon?
Got to school early thanks to love you gur ;D
... funded by wealthy foundations, which preach individual upward mobility as salvation without ever critiquing ...
Happy Monday! What did everyone think about the Steelers game?
wow! nice! ...thanks :) Yeah Dizeen is one of the biggest snow resorts in Iran.
I love my dog
you can when you're able to play with your friends digitally! It's one of the reasons I haven't been out in 2 mths!
lolololol hopefully & agreed
Good Morning! McCafe to start the day.
Community Season 2 DVD Today. Pretty pumped
me too rt ": Watching America's Got Talent."
#DidYouKnow Low #literary costs $73 million per year in direct health care costs. A study by put costs much higher.
oh, I love that. I've got a bottle infuriated fridge. It might be next or Blanche de Chambly
Watching a nightmare on elm street :o
Sometimes I feel like the only answer is running away I know what to pack and where I would go...
5 more minutes?
We are in Solvang, CA! Awesome town! Very pretty!
goodnight everyone :)
Ruby is just what's hot-not convinced it's worth the time investment; probably easier to learn PHP than strt from scratch
There are 39 new players on the #NFLTop100 list. 6 of them are in the bottom 7.
Husband is making jambalaya for dinner in the crock pot. Smells amazing!
son of a.....the game is at 310.
Why do we park on driveways and drive on parkways?
my lah"baby came n seen me at work:)
My bro shows #DIAMONDLANEMUSICGROUP hella luv on his mixtapes and when he does shows
i helped you out sister !
I'm not strong enough for the both of us. What was I supposed to do? You know I loooveeee you! <3
tomorrow gonna shop till i drop with my boo Kasey
YOU HAVE GOT TO TURN ON THE TRUMPET AWARDS ON TVONE!!!!!
haaai I am great! How r u?
hope you feel better <3
Great weekend so for
"Stephen's ex Steve... " sums up why gay gossip is so confusing. Especially with a buzz. xoxo Saloon Boy
Nevada Caucus time! It's really a battle for second place: Ron Paul or Newt? Any predictions?
Lmfaoo RT : Niggas know I call my porsche the baby elephant yee ain't talking money then you got a speech impediment
When your 1 and a half year old brother says I love you Seth >>>
Bout to do my push ups
I ALWAYS get stuck behind the SLOWEST PPL 😒
RT Al Qassam: " We will not stand silent and would respond to Zionists' crimes" // Are they talking about hail?!
i miss my dog ):
CHEERS to A Quarter Century of A Crazy, Beautiful Life!! So Many Blessings, Lessons, & Triumphs. TY Papa Dios <3
RIP Dick Clark. You showcased so many deserving stars and New Years Eve will rock a little less in the future.
So I am officially an intern on the production of a small documentary being made here in LA! Exciting!
Looking forward to my first Media Marketplace learning more about #Indiana tourism, towns and events!
i now this time ima be there too !! Do they have the certain dates?
Go to keek, search Haylee Carnes, and watch those video's! We were new at it, so dont laugh(:
Soo looks like its just me and going down to PVAMU because my bestfriend Krin punked out 😭💔
Shorty so nice, I don't mean polite, When I say nice, I mean looking right.
If familiarity breeds contempt I know myself even better than I thought I did.
The Grinch!!
Trying to finish up THE SCENT OF RAIN AND LIGHTNING (Nancy Pickard) for Monday Morning Mystery book group.
#Peacekeeping... bases on the willingness of member states." Susana Malcorra
what did you like about the Raven?
aw that stinnks
Check out NWSE Photo contest winners at facebook.com/go.nwse! Thanks, everyone, for the great photos you entered!
"Life's short so play hard and stick hard...the only time you love them is when your dick's hard"
I cant wait til im off, I just wana go home.
great morning to u
Basketball gods gave him his jumper back. He shot 8-12 outside the paint tonight.
I use my phone thats why lol
In English class with my homeskillet jessica mutha effin chavez ! :)
same here
Friday Morning Zoo Crew! Lemme hear y'all roar!!!
Forget what you heard, recognize what you see. I know you heard the rumors...now here's the real me.
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED.
My condolences go out to you and your family and you are in my prayers.
Seriously, it's amazing outside! Get out and enjoy it if you can. Extended lunch break anyone?
don't worry I'll have a lot of free time in the summer
Paul pierce and Ray Allen for the 3 point finals. I'm not a Boston fan but those are my boys!
Trust is vital to success! We're glad you took that message away from
Cool kid + Funny Joke + Serious Parents = Lecture. All. Da. Time.
This month there will be a solo piano performance at F. Scott's Monday the 20th. I will be needing to unleash some of my jazz angst.
ah yes, because can't b found among the noise.
I'm currently making some changes in my life. If you don't hear from me anymore then you're probably one of them. :) RT
Friday!! Nobody can get me down on a Friday :)
what you you doing at the university of san diego?
LMFAO true story...
Hi Tristan. If I'm making the correct face (in my head)/name connection, I remember you. Where are you working?
Out tonight to Miami beach with my familyy.
you are wrong about Ron Paul and his supporters.
Boris Expected To Win London Mayor Race
with apple juice right haha
that suckks! Order some off ebay or amazon or soemthing!
Talking about conflict management in #MBAUSF class today.
u going back tomorrow? If so, I may see u there.
We'll have some larger-than-cell-phone-quality photos for u later in the day. Hang in there and happy Friday!
if you didn't care you wouldn't have said anything to me so go cry about it I don't give a fuck.
Facebook or Twitter? Which one do you like better?
I seriously have NO FUCKING IDEA. They're starting to scare me tbh..
No, iPhone, it's Roethke, not Rothko.
RT : m i had the tamale plate again it was delicious!
It was a wonderful event! Thank you for the tweet.
#2011icf Wine seems to be a theme so far... This is my kind of conference!
I'm going to bed be sure to follow !
The IAP Dance panel has now concluded. Stay tuned for the first day of the IAP Literature panel tomorrow, Wednesday April 20th.
Rise and shine gorgeouses! Have a fab thursday! Xoxo
Some technology failure during my ePub presentation, but I still think it went OK. I wish the session could have been 10 minutes longer
go eat at raoul's italian grill this weekend. tell raoul garcia that houston360live.com sent you.
you look YOLO burnt
Nice! #veryverylongreads RT : I just invented this thing called macro-blogging. Every post has to be 140 pages or more
HAHA RT : No dogs, no eating, no toilets flush, no music, no headsets, no gunshots =good phone tips to start with!!!
Try first goal in over one full calendar year haha..
I'm ready for these basketball games 2moro tho
will do
You may as well be the Sport Section of the paper. All you have today is about sports. Gotta have other topics to talk about.
Got yelled at on Facebook. Got their numbers. Now getting yelled at through texts. They love me.
Excited to hear Chelsea from at on making the case for #servicedesign in the public sector
I want you sosososososo bad.
So?? It doesn't mean you are a failure. :)
Hey Francisco thanks for the RT! Have a wonderful weekend. ;p
bought a bus pass today for school. the cashier was a huge DIP NUT, uncool, to assume i can't pay for a $10 bus pass.
*daps Schmidt* Indian/German/Italian/Greek/Cypriot Vagina >>>>> True American
So good she wanna put my tattoo on it
King Henry!!! W the shutout!!
only 3months of tweeting!
High stress also triggers negative emotions like frustration- impatience- anger and fear.
Spellcheck keeps changing "protist" to "protest." And I do!
Watching Obsessed. This bitch woulda got hunted down and stuffed in a trunk if she drugged my husband or messed with my child..wtf. 
ugh, that is no good. take it easy & hope your back feels better soon.
Hello Edward
then take it back!
Dam I am so crazy and it is 9:10 in the morning taking a lot of pictures with the song CALL ME MAYBE!!!! :)
- Thanks for featuring SmartShield's eco-friendly, dry sunscreen face stick as a Race-Day Essentital in your Jan/Feb issue!
Movie Night<3 i hate this weather...
Russel will be in town friday, signing his new book. C U There!.
Anders Behring Breivik was insane five years ago, mother says
Welcome, Beautiful Writer!
Sad. “: Agree. Unfortunately I have friends who've fallen for Focus on the Family's deceptions.”
Second that. RT : There should be bacon-flavored Combos.
underage or homeless???
yeah im the same way, im.just happy I started it today
all the awesome people who love their city. :)
I can understand that! Raw Power absolutely destroys Funhouse, IMO...
I'll let u know but u should come
My mama made me so mad last night that i had to stop eating my chinese food and go to my room
a surprisingly long-lasting awesome streak of iPhone shuffling
<----- This dude needs some followers!
so happy we can support you and help you on ur way to greatness! Proud to have u as a CAF athlete
that nigga malik fought again today,the same nigga..and malik beat his ass my nigga got the hands
It was a bad night.
If u ride with me you are garenteed the time of your life.
did anyone catch JC Penny's awesome clearance sale over the weekend? men's flannels $3, girls shirts $3 & got me some capri's for $2!! whoa!
Electronic books... will I ever get used to the absence of the paper?
its a long road #skcnation got your back every step!
no you've always been cool!
IDK BRAH. lol just freaking working on final papers on campus.
thanks! I appreciate it:D
Yes at :DD
Glad you liked the video that much!
Getting really depressed about leaving. I don't know what's ahead of me but when I look behind, I see so much Love. Thank You.
Clippers should've been eliminated already
you are what?
Very disappointed right now but mistakes was made but lessons will be learn
Very well friend good night
#ChernobylDiaries looks sick man! Good stuff!
RT : Hmm, traffic a bit on the light side this sunny afternoon. #PlayingHooky?
Wanna bring me tacos tomorrow(;
Busy 2 months coming up...
see you then!
yep. that's an excellent point. to the competitive set, seconds do matter.
they're so good....
Don't be surprised if the heat lose
Have fun at Prom! 😊
Not a huge NBA guy but D. Rose is a machine.
Happy New Year! What is your resolution this year?
Just finished practice. A new tune in the works. It's a Ricky special so you know it's in 5/4. If you know what that means then good for you
Miss you too!
Shot an 89 at Nakoma, finally striking the ball well again. Too bad it's near the end of the golf season in the Midwest
How tf do I weigh more than my dad...not good
Stay curious! Chris Anderson
Just got that rolling papers by yesterday shit go hard now I wanna wear camo shorts and chuck taylors
Almost time to watch SNL <3
#womansintuition is crazy.i knew i had that crazy dream last night for a reason.
say what?!?
Another beautiful afternoon in San Diego...make your day a little brighter and stop by the Farm to say hi!
damn I want suck on those right now if I can holla back
i wanna go to the behind the scenes tours at full sail but mother doesnt know if she can take me. grrrr!!! I WANNA GO SO BAD!!
Just finished voicing a great song with album is gonna be Nuttz!!
Through OBAMA's scandals ALL the UGLINESS, CORRUPTION, WASTE&THIEVERY of big government is TRANSPARENT.
i used photoscape :)
if I do you know I'll let u know for sho gurl!
Thank you for following me, You are so so sweety Monique :) x
5 more days to get 10% off your CSA share with Zero Acre! #Rochester #ROC !!
I can't get money on that damn site!
good bout to eat some brake fast
As they say, you are what you eat...
very inspirational tweets tonight. What's up with that?
why go to bed now when i have to be up at 5AM, seems almost pointless.
I wanna see a photo! Love that poster
I wouldn't mind remaining in the past; the future doesn't look so bright.
there is one less good Monkee out there #rip #davyjones Marcia Brady is
RT : Check out the super-cool line of percussion from See:Alex Acuña congas,timbales,cajóns & bells! www.gonbops.com
Sometimes you must just "Ignore the Ignorant"!!
Hashtags are like the worst kind of MadLibs. #iusedtothink: Twitter was interesting. #pluralnoun: shoes
And I put Grace in charge, so I'm extra nervous
But when people make a "stop smoking cigarettes" commercial, they look worse and they look like they've been ruined. & its not illegal
lol they both mine. 8508 is for texts only when I'm in Poland and 2374 is for when I'm in Houston for texts n calls
Fast forward
Ughh. I just got dirt on my shirt.
But I'll get to see it w//my blood sisters & my parents. Sometimes you need that connection.
Power went out , really ??
Writing with today :)
I think Peyton Manning just broke my twitter feed.
We need to get started on the Comedy Club soon. Tryouts?
Be careful who you trust & Tell your problems to...
If it were to rain candy ... I'd have it rain white chocolate and then followup with cark chocolate dipped in strawberries!
Um WAT UP
so who wants to go see Flux Pavilion with me on wednesday?!
Early to rise makes a woman healthy, wealthy, and sleepy! Lovin my coffee this morning!!
Our drinking water contains more than 700 chemicals!
a little bloodhound gang to end the week... not too shabby
Isn't that CRAZY!
#Good working on #set with you yesterday!!! #Follow back
GOOGLE+ CHAT IS AT 7PM ET! :D
good one. The bust a move was good too. Thanks!! It's on now!
I always get home from school and come on and see so much drama.
RT: Heard about cool art installation a/b homeless families in Seattle. They need volunteers: ping for info!
Watching Law & Order: SVU and I figured out who the suspect was before they found out! Lol
I wonder how long it took for them to do the entire set!?
Aubrey Huff lined out, but #Giants up 2-0 over da #Braves... keep it going, boy..
Thank you!!! RT “: Done! Good luck with the contest!”
Day drinking is cool with me. :) except Wednesday I have a screening at noon.
can't wait to hear about everything. Yes. You must get the shirt it's on the sale rack! Such a good pj top.
You are the globetrotter... need someone to carry your luggage?
RT #cinematicstorytelling Started out with a great video. This looks promising.
Had a lovely lunch at one of the best restaurants in NYC: Parm
Hey Hannah :-)
im so pissed right now ugh.
Fun! I'm getting to the point though that I'm starting to feel a tad guilty every time I bring a new one home :)
Q&A with director following the 7PM showing of Jiro Dreams of Sushi on Apr 27 ..caught it last week good doc!
am i annoying
2/2 money because your cheap asses don't want to tip. That's what a convenience store is for.
u silly. i wanna be one of the main characters but dnt want to die first.lol u kno how movies do us
On a more positive note, I had a very productive weekend. Bought lotsa stuff for my home and my bedroom :)
If you're going to go through hell, come back having learned something. ~ Drew Barrymore
Brother at the hospital was waitin for him to come back but im sleepy. Goodnight
i already ate i grabbed something on my way home, thanks tho
How's Rocket going to get out of this one?--two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Let me count the Seth's....Seth Meyers, Seth Rogen, Seth Green, Seth McFarlene
I don't know...if I turn that upside down it looks something like my ex-gfs privates
Sitting in church this prayer is going on way to long God heard you the first time!
i cannot wait for that day to happen
I got something like 40 replies by email to my post looking for a Wordpress coder. And All Look Same.
lol i would have laughed my butt off!
Just passed #lingarden wondering if he has a 2nd job
I want some seafood for dinner 2moro
then we love you for it ;)
Random thought but i think you should make a video of you doing the SunDrop dance!:)
Chinas' problems dont effect my feeling towards your company. They have a workforce that is shocking #Reality Iphones are hand made!?
Domonique Strauss-Kahn is in with a better chance now. Ken Clarke has agreed to defend him.
Been trying for the past 10 minutes to photograph the double-butt rips in this guy's jeans, but the bar lighting isn't quite right.
#YouShouldBeEmbarrassed that you didn't follow us to get your 100% Real Free Samples
He's from the Zoo originally and went to same HS as Jeter. He has awesome orthodontia so he gets a pass from me!
Had fun wit the girls...now Mekhi is tlkin me to sleep.
Just spent the last 9 hrs of this beautiful day on lockdown with & planning You're welcome.
its funny thou i got a phone now so my pimp hand is strong again
Wigan is on fire - they sure have impressed me the past number of weeks!
oh hello! Yes, I've been back for about 4 months! I'm in the private curator world now. Where are you?
I really wish I wasn't sick.. :( meh
my back just started hurting soo bad):
I love summer Fridays. Another great reason to work in
Police entered a room and the person of interest wasnt there. Confirmed it is related to this mornings shooting. Clearing out now.
So I am all for supporting movies that features African American but that movie was horrible
You're so precious, Luna. Thank you for the encouragement. Xx
Why am i so sleepy!!
Thank you for the RT!!
Powers out AGAIN !
that's what you think(:
GOAL! Ryan McDonlad gets that 2 goal lead back for Delaware. 10:30 left. 5-3 Blue Hens.
#ConfessionTime i have trust issues, so i never really tell anyone anything. None of my close friends even know my childhood.
Happy weekend hitting the Mardi Gras parades and shopping my fav stores.
Scout mob said 50% off cause 20+ friends go there... I don't care. #momsbuying Craving Hawaiian Poke!
U Tryna Work w/ Me & Then U Should Meet Up W/ Us @ The Basement Studio
Going to my village in Potou Louga, Senegal! Won't have internet for a while. Wish me luck!
is moving! I never got to meet him yet I live in San Antonio :'( *I'm ACTUALLY CRYING*
You should totally dedicate it to me.
Cancun bound at least 👍
To ignore/ hinder noticeable progress, and complain that others have, or are not doing enough while you do nothing, is unreasonable.
Whitewater Wins!!! See you at the Zen Den tonight!
I wanted to do that stuff too. Never to late to learn.
haha let's go son!!!
NY ink marathon >>>
Man, i dig those rhythm and blues.
Coding on Makena beach @ Maui while listening to Allegro Molto
Just woke up. Getting ready for work.
thanks for entering!
^ When they came to the crowd, a man approached Jesus and knelt before him. “Lord, have mercy on my son,” he said. “He has seizures and...
hell yeah ! haha
FUCK IT. Tomorrow I'm going to that interview, Idgaf about this stupid scab anymore. They're looking for talent and if I don't get chosen..
nothing. I was just bored.
apparently... SOME ppl act like they love me & I act like I believe them. Tryina play me b* tch? & u think i'ma fall for it, NIGGA, u mu ...
Could #DD's son be any cuter?
Hanging out today waiting to see what happens next
Dang Scandal had me on the edge of my seat this show is getting good!
thanks for sharing! If you're not already you should follow she's the queen of efficiency :) ^ag
You are one of my nicest thoughts.
How did this sloth-ass motherfucker get this job when I couldn't even get a friggin' interview!!?
Busy week but we still have time to fix your computers!!
I feel the earth move under my feet. I feel the sky crumbling down!
"Information is not knowledge." ~Einstein
Since I raised a child and worked, does that mean I had two careers?
Las Vegas June 8 - 10 for Electric Daisy whos down???
thanks for the follow Mark.
Short of pa's, heading to first site location to carry cam gear and water.
If you're using 4 biz (like me) to receive/send lots of attachments definitely look into downloading Dropbox - in a word: GODSEND
It won't be long. Farmers are busy and opening is May 19th
I'm starting a new reality show Contact me we can converse about biz
haha im standing up!
How did the Jacksonville Jaguars get 2 home Monday Night Football games this year? 8-8 last year. Ravens, 12-4 last year, 1 road MNF game.
Hot as a bitch too
Try our new menu tonight at Bang! Hoison Glazed Baby Backs, Grilled Flank, Penne in Plum Tomato Sauce and Fried Chicken! 32nd and Lowell
no no. dont text me now. too late..
I confess to you daily.... I work harder everyday and I hope that you hear me...
Lol they were playing with Miami or another team?
were amazing last night! Thank you and for a greatt concertt<3
When graphic design & fashion meet --> Cincinnati Fashion Week Day 4: Graphic Fashion. 7PM 110 Shillito Place. Hosted by Landor Associates!
Whether you think you can or think you can't - you are right.
so sick i can hardly move and 4 hours of non optional class.
It's gona be funny as hell when this generation get old and crusty and they still tatted up lol
If I like some of these songs, is that how I know I'm a contemporary adult?
Watchin the game at place! With
Hey guys I want to record an acoustic cover foe you all, what would you guys like to hear?
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination
Well now, everybody sing about the bird---b-b-b-bird bird bird, that's the word!
See, my problem is there's no principle here. Instead it's 'Subject X offends me, therefore it must remain forbidden'.
Renear's challenge: adapt methods based on first-order logic to problems that go beyond logic
fucking irritated I've been here for 40 minutes.
I thought i did follow u lol! Too cool to come to Mpls??!
BREAKING NEWS James Franco has fiber optics; best time at Wisconsin party
Hey their cutie!
thanks brother!!!
Check me out 2nite performing with Streetlight Allstars at the show Gilligans MBORO. Cant wait to see them, its been a min! *
well he's no Tom Simmons #justkidding i love wease and Jamie
. Yet making for an agreeably comic visual...
RT : ITHA and Arlington Park sign contract for 2012 race meet. AP should get Oaks and Derby simulcast, but 1st two cards still hurt
we need to get together some chica's for a twitter "meetup" on a patio with cocktails
Turning in my house keys to the real estate office today then patiently waiting 8 months for my Portland keys! -C
genitalia hop -> lmao i miss you!
What up girl???Thanks for the #ff! Have a great weekend!
give it to me
"If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it."
how 'bout that Orioles win?
ugh i cant stand oh great jolly fat a$$ thats sitting n the back b%tch im happy you off my issh to h*e
My boy play n the league
Always business...its never personal, dont wear ur emotions on ya sleeve...dont put all ya eggs n one basket..the basket might have a hole:)
Gonna try to sleep again. Maybe when I wake up there won't be so much DRAMA on tlist.
Cocka Doodle Doo Buggies!!! We are mapping out our routes today! @ us if you are in need of more cupcake action in your neck of the woods!
said "quickie Jackson," and she wasnt talking about me...
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.-- Maureen Dowd
Anyone taking advantage of the ticket vouchers we gave out thanks to Kroenke Sports Enterprises tonight? nuggetsvsknicks.com
Bout to get this fresh cut and hit the town tonight, next stop car wash so my baby can get fresh too
day three of strict schedule dissertation writing = I DON'T WANNA. (and to imagine i got another 1.5 yrs of this...)
will do.
The only thing uglier than the #Broncos performance is Shannon Sharpe's jacket.
Great point! The workday has definitely evolved, and it's important for your team to understand what's required of them
Good morning & SM00CHES to ALL my followers!
...Offers you can't refuse -- BidFather.com! Bid on our auctions to win awesome brand new electronics and gift cards for pennies!
Getting pretty excited to release Drush 5.1 for all Pantheon sites... sql-cli here we come! :)
Hustle hard in any hustle that you pick
Almost at 20000 followers!!! :) tell your friends!!!! H
Excited to be for the B+ Heroes 200 presented by ! Good luck to the 46 Car!
Ketchup > salad dressing
Love 'The Game' new story line Chardonnay and Jason Pitts! Real life issues & Jason final has 2 work 4 a LADY! #GOBRANDY!
"I am very philanthropically interesting" Thomas Hughes™
admits again: "we're French, so we complain."
Your grandpa would be proud!! Great win tonight boys!!
Everything I like is either Illegal, Immoral, Fattening, Addictive, Expensive, OR Impossible.
Can't hold out on anything. Just gave wife new Pearl Earings for mothers day from James Alan.
For #focsake, I'm just here makin' a game. Stop annoying me with #dealsspam, #nekkidpix and #malware tweets...
Do you think if I drive around with my laundry in the trunk another day I can consider it a steam cleaning? I hate laundrymats. Always drama
i think Giants won
the dali lama is a pimp
Looking forward to having you on the show tomorrow morning, Dr.Lyndsay!
Oh boy! It's my birthday and I've decided I want nothing more than a delicious crepe :)
not too bad! Relaxing Monday for sure! How's yours??
Aww! LOL. Just last night I was asking my dog "Why you being so dramatic?" I feel for you.
that sucks. I am quite thankful for this commuter rail. Today is a rare day where it's a pain. I think a train lost power
Better to have a list that has 3,000 responsive customers than a list with 30,000 names and no responses.
man i really appreciate it. ill shoot you an email & go more in depth. thanks a ton, seriously.
That scene in An Officer and a Gentleman where Richard Gere sweeps Debra Winger off her feet in the factory? Yeah, just happened. *sniff*
just work and school. Just tryna do me at the same time too. Hella tryna get my own spot and shit.. got a lot of work to do
Others felt it would get the book out there. I've only had one copy lent through the library. My sales have picked up though.
Listening to the Beastie Boys and did that scratching a record motion and I'm single.
lol ur lucky. pretty soon me nd are gonna do ours -__-
no but it sounds like it would really hit the spot. Also, happy getting old and shit ;)
da fuck is this class? I learn nothing . dumb bitch .
tori and i have skyping for an hour now :) -kenzie
Congrats on your MIP win...let's get that win tomorrow!!!
haha I think I did
There are Billions Of People In the world, why are you letting one ruin your life?
Hunger Games is first person present tense. I'm trying to think if I've ever read any other books like that.
Thanks for the Retweets! Enjoy your weekend!
When a guy goes to a hooker, he's not paying her for sex, he's paying her to leave.
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair
candy shop!!!!
just finished shootin Ace Hussle's "in my system" music video w/ V6M
Ready to go..
We greatly appreciate you putting us on your site! Much love<3
9th Circuit Court makes decision in Garfias-Rodriguez v. Holder, on inadmissibility and adjustment of status under 245(i).
because you're sick!!
Wow only 8 days till the Bday!
Missed the season premier of Big Bang Theory. Damn you 5 hr difference & sleep. Guess I'll just accumulate a backlog and watch them in bulk.
I'll put that on the next playlist! Promise!
Wrapping up a 14hr drive. Well...in a few hrs
told a joke or is a joke?
Reggae Nostalgia Live shows on the week-end can now be seen on BlogTV. We are loving it. Thanks to Rula Brown for the BlogTV link. Bless
If it were me, she couldn't have ignored. She'd ask "Why does Sasquatch love me? Whassup with that huge tire?"
Hey what's up guys? If you have a moment, check my friend for some awesome female fronted piano rock. She's a sweetheart.
congrats, How long ago was your first book?
If you want to accomplish great things, don’t save your dreams for sleep. Dream out loud in the light of day!
And just bcuz u have a mission doesn't mean u have a mkt RT : Just because u have a market doesn't mean u have a mission
Flying to MKE tonight. Can't wait to rock radio milwaukee!!
Taye Diggs is gorgeous, but why does Private Practice have to address immigration with a Salvi mother & make El Salvador look hopeless? :/
U have 2 find me or attend 1 of our events..MIG Open House/Open Tech Forum/Tech SIG Biz Meet RT #NAFSA10 I want 2 know2
Watching "Late Night With Jimmy Fallon" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just "imagine", possibilities, "it's easy if you try; no hell below us; above us, only sky..." Happy Birthday, John.
How did your presentation go over the weekend at #marac?
Just when you think you can go through a news cycle without hearing about the Palins...
do what u gotta do big fella and check your teammate out. He been killing...
yo phone broke?
I've been trying to like the new CBS morning format, but the difference in the intellectual demeanor between King and Rose is just too big.
It's a boy!
whatcha got on phone #.... Hey Nerlens she likes cupcakes and marmalade jam
I will kill you in your fucking sleep. 😡
Deep breaths, Happy Thoughts. Hope it gets better :)
Wonderful day again with my sweet Ava, pick up hubby from work - then Roanoke bound! Baby's first road trip!
Listening to music in bed, not getting up.
I go where God takes me....
RT : When love is in your heart for you, then you manifest your dreams.
Last shareholder asks that focus be on continued loss in foreclosure portfolio & inconsistent loan modification process...Good call.
RT : I need your clothes, your boots, and your motorcycle. /And your sunglasses! (but he just grabs them!)
what? already?
COFFEE is happening.
it's eleven weeks and 5 days till warped hits dallas -_-
I can officially never leave the 'sphere again. While I'm gone: plagiarism like whoa. Now off to Google my work to make sure nobody took it.
we play y'all today I play for bf
The Homeland Security Act of 2002 was a piece of legislation that was penned and enacted following the aftermath of the 2001 World Trade Cen
Mrs. True is driving with 'Abdu'l-Bahá to her son Davis's gravesite in south Chicago. #239DaysLive [1/2]
yeah but its also a real hotel -___-
Kinda hoped the 500th Simpsons episode would contain humor. Spoiler - it didn't. Family Guy to the rescue...dolphin Gervais saved the day!
I wish I could kill you with my mind. Only you though
don't forget to
jeezy's THE MAN👌
Designer Cheryl Koo will be on 790 KABC tomorrow! Woohoo! First radio show for this Other Duck!
Beef Jerky is so good!
Yes. Does his new game have a feature where you can WD with an injury? Or curse after a bad shot?
TORQUE on HBO... FUCK YEAH!!!
Watching gabby tribute also reminds me how much I love great husbands, dws, curious little girls, tough gun laws.
I've accepted the fact that I'm prolly going to hell ......IDGAF
Well thank you very much! If life brings me up that way again I'm down!
Thanks so much for the follow! Hope you are having a fantastic Saturday!
SOURCES: Keith Olbermann to FOX News
Just forced myself to block 2 cowls. Looked like I was playing Twister by myself with T-pins
ur very welcome:) Goodnight
Come on
Lol really? I can't wait!
Just met a friend's new puppy, now I'm dying for a puppy myself. I really need to get a grip.
bet. well I need a job. I could help yall with development and locating your work in artistic and social critiques
Scheduling Volunteers for Harvest Fair - Sept 25-27 @ Wisconsin State Fair Park - We'll be selling pull tabs again at Craft/T-Shirt Booth
My mom said she's not taking her medication cuz she's trynna drink tomorrow for my bro's grad party lol
Sup everyone:) I have uploaded a new pic Yay
Any #sportsbiz folks heading to One2One Stadium and Arena conference in Fort Worth?
do you? Do you really?
one of my fav books. has made a major difference in our business.
i will be in Savannah GA, on November 18-19, 2011. If anyone would like to host a passion party on those days, please let me know.
I agree. I like him now tho cuz his shoes are dope.
the promo materials for the new site have arrived! They're so beautiful, I can hardly wait to send them out to people! *runs in circles*
Rt!! Love it too!
Driving home to nwa for the weekend! So excited to see my beautiful sister graduate high school tomorrow!
ABC moves Private Practice around like a stepchild it doesn't care about. Oh. Wait.
Read more books.
Congrats on #Impasse being funded!
The suspensions at Cascade are ridiculous. The prank was harmless.
yeah apparently they're running slow at the moment. How you doing lady? Long time no see!
did you get your phone back??
ALM saves and shares seeds and offers advice
i love seeing canada illuminated in my little wordpress stats map thingy : ) thanks for the RT hun
right on!
This rum toddy + Advil is effectively numbing the pain in my throat. However, the cold is turning me into a crotchety, short-tempered SOB.
300 Workout day 2. Ice and foam roller tonight!
Great event for #SanDiegoHome&Garden! A beautiful home in La Jolla designed by Oasis Architecture!
Its gonna be a LOONNNGGGG day -.-
That opening monologue cracks me up!
i would like to see a man wearing high heels HEHE
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves
“: Love this electric blanket!!! :)”. I hear ya after this summer I hope we can hold off til T-giving to turn on the heat
Gained 5 pounds last month:((
Lots of data out there, but not enough good storytelling
thanks for coming over bro. Penny denny. Se ya Thursday. Don't forget! Booked up solid this week
Welcome, Peter!
Let's finish this out 49ers!
tight bro
I'm having a good hair day. It's really curly!
I did...but I didn't really like it! I thought the plot had some major holes in it that left me wanting more. It was an OK first film!
I'm sure that wasn't the first time something's been dumped all over Ryan Seacrest's chest.
My favorite part of any day, getting to spend some quality time with my bed. Goodnight everyone.
Wondering how long I can go before I turn on the heat this winter. So far, so good!
Holy effing busy day
Terrible call. That little contact goes uncalled all the time.
Watching Cars 2!(:
Forever Young!!!!! I'll be forever young, I'll never grow old
The use of coffee as a drink is about seven centuries old.
"Accessibility serves everyone" - Marcus Weisen
did you marry a texan
Ever so grateful to not be waking up to the snow the weather people said we would be waking up to.
Hey Brandon, thanks for re-following.
you are more than welcome!!
That's how I felt too--I felt...old. And I'm only 33! :P
My body feels sore
I hope he's not there to give an un-wanted donation ;)
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!!!! That's literally you. Like you treat Facebook like twitter so much maybe I will unfollow you now
who made it a Heavy Guilt wknd and caught both the Duo set on Friday and the afternoon set in the park on Sat?
My phone is at 5% and I have no desire to charge it
test received.
thank you so much
I love youtube! :)
Productivity at school reaching an all-time low
hey D-Nice :) I hope your well :)
wow I didn't expect anyone to be up at this hour, ha. Me too! Wasn't the dancing fun? :(
We have a new server & network ready - vpn-si3 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Chicago. It's available in your customer area now.
I wanna go jet skiing!
I don't discriminate ha. That was meant for a certain someone
Whats with this new set? I don't like change!
I want a book
Miss you 2! Visit us?RT : I miss my old ...They knew my order & had it ready before I walked thru the door!
Suggest we start with a Congress that works...
#condescendingConnor "Google? Pffft! I guess, if you have to, but I already know everything there is to know on the web"
Where did you get your assigment? Email? Connect? I don't see anything yet
and who u talking bout
Morning! Don't be afraid to use your gifts!
Kinda want
RE iO improv class - I think any Chicago-based improv class is worth it (sorry I'm not replying until now...)
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 80
#MyYoungAssGF takes a Hello Kitty lunchbox to work with her.
Hi Josh, enjoyed chatting with you at the NOVEL conference, very best of luck with the final diss push!
who is this directionar?? Nothing against directioners but I hate haters!!
Enjoyed the piece on Downloaded and listening right now. I could listen to Azawade and Bamba all day.
Hey!!!!! Just follow you new Twitter :)
