My dad just came into my room and said " THIS WOULD MAKE A GREAT OFFICE" thanks dad
fortifying my eLife now like never before.
We'll see how the recording goes.
Wow! $15 Trillion in National Debt.
Yesterday I was in a sundress biking on the waterfront... today I'm curled up with hot-coco and a blanket. Gotta love #Portland weather!
Think i'll go shoot sum hoops with #oomf tomaro!
isnt turning 16 tomorrow. sorry. not yet.
Im at the hospital now boo waiting to see the doctor :/
Let me know about those drawings I'll hook u up! www.leocortesstuidios.com
Ortiz breaks up no-hitter in 1st inning with double. Oh well.
Oh no! Missed opportunities. Did you make up with Dave yet?
COMFIRMED: Ryan Mathews don't want none.
Hey! I can explain it to you if you email me:
RT “ Relationships end because once the person has you, they stop doing the things it took to get you.”
What a BEAUTIFUL day!
PHI Quote: "The real winners in life are the people who look at every situation with an expectation that they can make it work or make it b…
“: Church has me so alive and awake and in live with an amazing God. I'm feeling so refreshed. I'm blessed!”
thank you for your presence, comments and support!!
love it!
Laptop is wierd and I can't login or cant open my graphic tools
Are you in the USA right now?
Damn. I didn't know I exceeded 3,000 tweets already. I talk a lot.
Nap time #upinhour . I need to catch up on
there's a thin line between an independent woman and a brat doe...
I knew it!!! Hahahah
Does anybody actually tip $1 for a $2 can of beer?
;) shhh. I watch everyone .
#ThoughtsDuringSchool damn I'm hungry AF
imma get this essay out the way but afterwards imma enjoy myself tehehehe
Kelly's/Kincaids!
great meeting you ! looking forward to the event and learning from experienced entrepreneurs like you!
Stars of get many of their fashions in Portland. Where to get that "Grimm look" on #KGWNightTeam 11pm.
I think I'm also limited because I have a cheap cell 'phone. I suspect I would tweet more if I had an iPhone.
are you serious right now?
Global law firm seeks an IP Transactional Associate for NYC or CA office. Please submit resume to Wendy Oliveras at .
YAY! :D lol and watch this i wont be mean to you againn!!(: for the rest of the week!
I love how bipolar Texas is
My card finalllyyyy came in
Bill HB-2127 for Arizona Film tax incentives is in danger of not passing. Show your support and let Gov. Brewer know what you think.
Flirt with your girlfriend in your dms not on my timeline.
I agree !
lets watch movies together
Blood in the Tears and The World Is A Thorn. Blood in the Tears is such a beautiful, exquisite song.
nice! Can you shoot me your email address? Thank yo!
#Quotes You can catch more flies with honey than you can with vinegar !
~Watching "African Cats".. Amazing!
The new MKX also features a new six-speed SelectShift automatic transmission
Special props to #Pittsburgh police, EMS, SWAT, dispatch, 1st responders, #upmc communications, #Pitt & leadership for actions.
one of my fav SF stories back in the day was leading a city bus in a singalong of "wheels on the bus" after a couple.
i know!!! I Stuck in this house for the past two days im about to go kray
It's official - you are Kohl's with a new sale every day to drive us insane.
some would say there's a double standard. They would be right.
Great question to staffers by Brian Snyder, including comment that the term "specialty crops" doesn't do our cause any good.
im speechless! I assumed TK was not mortal. yeah his paintings are gonna skyrocket. Now scholars might take him seriously...
Hate crying in front of friends.
If you start in one of our Challenge Groups on May 1, I wonder if you would be bikini ready by the official start of Summer... Hm...
What's up Facebook and Twitter big dream luvs yall
Is e-mail to slow??
Took a nice little nap, watched a 30 for 30 on Fernando Valenzuela, now to my friend's graduation party.
Keep an eye out for Hotelier Finvarb Company, they have done great projects in Florida and just starting to turn their attention to NYC.
Great picture! Thanks for sharing!
sadly feel the same way about meeting an attractive guy near 40 who isn't also dating 20 year old girls.
SAVE THE DATE - COME NETWORK WITH US - WEDNESDAY MAY 26 - NBMBAA MILWAUKEE CHAPTER social/professional networking event,more details to come
I've accepted the fact and moved on to change it
When r u coming to LA? Just was playing "who's laughing now!" Love u!
are you alive????
I feel bad being mean to the mice, but I am so afraid of them. The dog wagged his tail & I jumped a mile. Plus I thought Jerry was a punk.
this season IS rigged.
Need ideas...huhu.
AJ announces that Bolts intend 2 take a close look @ T-Blazer, Greg Oden. No concern about Oden's history of injury-
I'm sick of checking my phone and not seeing your name.
See faith u have hoes
Seriously, I take shits prettier than your face
ReTweet if You know for a fact that one day you'll meet face to face
Today's Quote: "It's not easy being a mother. If it were easy, fathers would do it." - The Golden Girls
Act of Valor
Great! Glad that you guys will be hacking on our API!
That was probably the saddest and most emotional funeral I have ever been to.
agree http:www.infatuationclothing.com
lol yeah okay
To be called into work on Saturday, what joy! Today's mission: To be positive at all costs.
Everyone go follow my sister !
grab a another and turn up the -
Damn it hot.
Cannot believe some of the political dreck coming from the candidates and their minions. But wait ... this is free speech and fact free.
The thing is..It might rain... Jnndjsnn I love rain and all, but If it rains today I'm fucked.
is rehearsing tonight after taking class at YogaChai.
Let's brainstorm, library parody ideas anyone? #CatalogsystemthatIusedtoknow?
1. Many colleges offer tuition waivers for older adults. There's access to continuing edu, assess to the arts, and opps for volunteering.
Wonder if the is drinking beer today ? Because, you know, he doesn't always drink beer, but when he does...
Awesome to see Semin and Ovechkin go play in a tournament that nobody gives two fucks about as opposed to, ya know, winning a Cup.
The New Christy Minstrels perform at The Neel Performing Arts Center in beautiful Bradenton, FL. Dec. 11th @ 2pm.
Who is ready for a Hopes High TV show!? Would YOU watch??
Save on your Senior Portraits, sign up to be one of our models and free session, earn $ print credit
UN-followed me .... :( i guess she not fucking w/me
omg!! I just saw your bio on twitter. We are meant to be friends
oh and the Phillies will kick the CUBS butt the year:))xoxo
Sad to miss tonight's event. Sounds great however, congrats & team! Keep it going!
Our New Year A to Z continues. Between now and 10a "F" songs from Paula Abdul, Sweet, Edgar Winter Group, En Vogue. Enjoy!
On my "to be read" list for too long. RT An argument made in more detail about Google by
So I think im going to Sea world after school? :D
Colony tonight was super cracking
see this is why I Love you !
completely re-doing my "evaluating websites" tutorial using Captivate and incorporated active, problem-based learning,,,
Sorry 3.75 RT : Gas prices going down from 3.77 to 3.85 as we refill the production vehicle. We are no longer overbudget.
RANGERS all the way baby
Chase has alerted me that my acct may have been compromised so they're sending me a new card. AKA I go hard shopping for the Kentucky Derby.
hahahaha u saw the comercial ah?
you wrong... Lol
superstition is the best.
I wish my leg would stop hurting..ugh...the muscles are building..but still this shit hurts like hell.ugh..
I think there is inherent quality, not sure if it can be measured. Focus on re-use as a proxy.
Ian Curtis and Joy Division are trending. Whaaaa????
Stein and ESPN say Raja Bell to Utah is a done deal
Today's #joejaneswisdom from LIS520: "Every time you search, you should learn something." Like that WorldCat sorts results by # of holdings
Join the competition at the Save Point tournament being held at the Main Library on February 11th at 10am.
OMG. I SPOKE TOO SOON HALLELUJAH AMEN THE WORLD IS A BEAUTIFUL PLACE
Perfect opportunity to set the record straight Ending speculation would bring down prices. Kapstone not immediate
I might be quiet around ppl I don't know but Ima whole different person round friends.. I hate thy friendly shit
Thanks for the opportunity! Keep it up. To all our followers: please nominate Cover the Kids.
quality players they signed other than OLs, it's news to me
Denim has always been an everyday symbol for style." ~ Ritu Kumar
In looking for people to hire, you look for three qualities: integrity, intelligence, and energy. And if they don't have the first,
absolutely. You guys came up a while ago when evaluating social monitoring tools.
make a girl smile, 24 four hours a day. and you'll get back 100% of her heart <3
Now that the Caps have won, it's into the writing cave I go. . . .
We did, we did! Souvlaki, tiropites and loukoumades were DELISH! RT : Have any of you stopped by the Greek Food Festival yet?
RT You are hysterical! Thanks for the belly laugh at your expense.//Um, what did I do?!
I wish Google Maps had an "Avoid Ghetto" routing option!
Just tell will hold the car for you. ;)
#fallformal Re:Love love is spontaneous dancing!
my mom thinks I've never had a girlfriend and she's right
School, race, then work sounds like a good day tomorrow
We will be doing our weekly #BANDSHOUTOUT in a few hours if you havent get your band to follow us!!
#IWillAlwaysLove my mom and dad♥
Congratulations again! I'm seriously stoked for you. :)
#FF Great places to take your kids:
shyt idk im tryin to find something to do .. A lil kickback or something
Aw I have your ticket was it just u coming
Cardinals just missed on a great opportunity.
thanks! Have a great day and weekend! Hope u do something fun!
everyone follow me
#Tiger side action claims he never tipped-read about it here www.ussportspages.com
It's the mountain from How the Grinch Stole Christmas!
you're such an ass lol
we all need a lil shot in the arm from time to time! Glad you enjoyed!
Why am I not on the Vineyard right now?
Busy, busy, busy... The season starts in less than three days on
I'm starting the rumor
Beautiful day for some bocce and some natty bo's in
Hierarchy seems an odd choice of terms in a networked space : RT
I just need someone who'll love me the way I know I need to be loved, not the way they think I wanna be loved.
just look at your favourites nd just look at all the tweets from him i understnd if u don't want to ad sorry for bothering u
just putting some units into UbD format-
Duke researchers have proved long term exercise can improve the body's ability to control blood sugar levels and forestall diabetes
I actually liked it....srsly... #don'tjudgeme
the ghost adventurer. <3
#YEE LISTENING TO 11:11!! I LOVE THIS SONG ITS MY TOP 111
its ok I'm used to it by now from you lol but u have a blessed day
Mommys birthday today!! 🎉🎈🎁
Hehe and omg i hate you. not fair. it's alrighhttt
Rest In Peace Girl. How I Wish I Could Be In Heaven! U Will Be Missed On Earth But We All Kno U Are In The BESTEST place EVER!
my sister NEEDS to stop moving our bedroom
Academic Moms get to celebrate Mother's Day, too. Give yourself a nice day today. Happy Mother's Day!
“ Can it be end of May beginning of June 2013 already.”
no i didnt! how many females you got on twitter? oh okay *flips hair* so why you mad honey
Alright, time to read.
Left is Right | Left-Wing Group Attacks Home of EU Task Force Head Horst Reichenbach - Der Spiegel
Today doesn't feel like Friday.
I read b/c I can imagine what the scenes and the characters look like - and the men always look like Clive Owen. ;)
have jugs of Fountain of Youth water for sale. Only $999.99. Supplies limited.
Game 2 underway.
“: just curious on your thoughts of Blink 182. Would you ever produce their album if the offer came.” PLEASE!!!
Motivate - He who hesitates is lost.
that's so awesome!! I have to go to a B show with u one day! And you gotta come with me to a G show!!
u a rude mofo
2012 Goal #9: Complete the Marine Corps Historic Half Marathon without knee injury. Ahhyaaaaawwt!
We could not agree more!
Lazy by Deep Purple on the old Machine Head album is a gas. Very killer Organ and clean clean guitar riffs.
Nicki, a mother of 2 beautiful girls & the wife of her high school sweetheart. This shouldn't happen. Hug your partner/kids
Mango peach smoothies at Bourgeois Pig rocked! Heading to yoga ! #GoLocalChicago!
#stupidquestion "Did you get a haircut..?" "No...It grew shorter."
omg over the top.. y do i have to shut up
REMINDER: There is NO SATURDAY ACADEMY this week (2/18/12). MICP is back in session the following Saturday, 2/25/12.
People in Milwaukee would never allow that to happen! Sometimes the Sausage Race is bigger than the game! Lol
Smiles hide the true pain.
I know =) nice to finally meet u!!
that is awesome.
What me Erica and Brad just told that teacher...>>>
This is the most fun. Im glad we have both a wine pro & a booze pro offering classes in this town. #MoveToPittsburgh now.
There aren't as many rich people to see at night, but it is a better view. How's your day?
IMO, don't get political or personal, stick with the humor.
Digging the 8:00pm bedtime. Do you know how many people are at the grocery store at 6:30am on a Saturday? Awesome.
403rd, right? “: On #JohnMilton's 404th birthday, #ParadiseLost - Awake, arise or be for ever fall’n.”
patience. Jogging. Lunges. Clean diet. You got this
#youneedtositdown and realize what u got sitn right next u on ur side!!!!!!!
Word of advice for human beings. Do NOT go to a toddler park and sit on a bench near the toddler area and smoke a cigar. Idiot. Amazing.
we'll see if phil has it in him again. Wish your family a happy easter for me!
I want to do a cookie exchange this year! As I kid, I loved it when my mom returned from those! Cookie haul!
S/o my girl I love her she stay looking out for me! She know how to keep me happy and I love that!
(ugh. I just set off the twitter spambots mentioning the I-word. Cue spam mentions in 3..2..)
I thought Alexis was a musician. I tend to listen to more and read articles, but maybe I need to listen to them.
Happy Mothers Day to My Mom Sherlee Norman! The Clippers #1 Fan. This Win was Best Mother's Day Gift besides having Me.
GL tomorrow. Keep getting it in good. Variance will pan out.
our president #obama is among the 1% of people worldwide that have eaten DOG Meat.
Groove 2 tunes from world famous at ’s
Where they find these young ass dudes always talking about swag!?? You ain't no wild boy
um im hungry what should i eat i think breakfast
Francis Bacon~ Nothing is more damaging to a state than that cunning men pass for wise.
I'm sorry for all the RTs everyone. I can't enough of #underwater90spunkbands my work day is literally over b/c of it.
Still up watching movies with my parents c: yea buddie!!
I wasn't aware Los Angeles had a monsoon season. Somehow, this must be Portlandia's fault...
#nowplaying Salt-n-Pepa - None of your business
I have sleepless nights too. Sometimes you just can't avoid them. Don't worry, it's just normal, haha. Take care :)
Waz up people
RT : #Tallahassee Florida Commerce Credit Union is title sponsor for next month's Celebrity TiesTies Auction and Gala to...
1. Money 2. Time 3. Ineptitude What I can the previous 3 months was a blank page. What I have now is better, but never complete.
Would u rather lick my azz or kiss it? Both options are available so feel free to do it anytime!
CROSS ME I PUT A BRICK ON YA HEAD BITCH!!
Cuffington, no lie I was almost raped by one at age 16z the big bitch threw me over her shoulder up stairs to her bed...
lmao thats the same thing I said.
Orlando tomorrow to present the RUSK Gobal Collection with the team!
1 of 2: “False friends are like our shadow, keeping close to us while we walk in the sunshine...
and I r having so much fun texting each other! I hate being sick and she is making this the best day ever
These new niggas talkin bout they sendin em... Nigga u couldn't pimp ur way outta wet paper bag wit scissors n ur hand
Holy Modric! What a boot.
Gen Next students have a very sensitive 'fluff-meter'
I wish sleep wasn't a necessary thing. Hello 5am. I didn't really miss you, but I've seen you too often.
turned out amazing!
Nice error message: "406 Not Acceptable Privacy was enable now, rquest can't acceptable.Please try again later."
#Redsox Management - you think the fans are stupid? We don't believe a word of this being a #Francona decision
. That's awesome. Jesus IS the coolest cat of all time.
Very cool, my client is very non-tech, so this will be great. I use Fetch on Mac. Used it for years, but I'll check out Filezilla.
Hungry mothers = underweight infants = slower growth & more trouble learning = reduced long-term ability to overcome hunger
What happened? Is there a company statement that I can access?
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet. Oppenheim, James
is that a Phantom of the Paradise poster I see?
Last night tried your rib eye steaks. Best we've ever tasted!
Hahahahaha! RT : You think I'm sassypants now? You shoulda met me when I was that short.
NO!!!! Jimmy protested
you know they do free yoga classes there sometimes (maybe monthly)? I think that would be incredible, but haven't made it yet
Douglas Crockford dropped a Lost reference in Javascript: The Good Parts. Maybe I'm late to this party, but that's freaking awesome.
lol it's cool. I'm surprised you wanted ' music since you're always judging me for it. Lol.
I know that my minds near the end, God, I hurt myself and fell I wont cry it'll be fine, I'll take my last breath Push it out my chest
Whoa! Should be fascinating. Looking forward to your dispatches.
Off topic, who can I get in contact with to assure I'll be seated with you in DC? I'll be driving up from VA.
People are funny and life is craaazzzyyy
is this the kid's band or is this an establish band from Japan?
Doormats are a gateway rug.
2 of the worst haircuts in #epl football on display now, Agger & Meireles pretty sure they can afford a decent barnet...
‎We aren't culturally relevant when we become like the world around us.We are relevant when we model what they long to become.-Bill Johnson
S/O to stay in the gym bro bring ur game to a whole different level for next season
thats like saying if the Brewers pitchers would let batters hit the ball, Yuni wouldn't make errors.
What he want
I'm excited u favourite-ed my tweet. That's never happened to me before! Hahaa
hes so creepy
- we missed you. Have you seen the video yet?
hey hun check me on YouTube sometime - juliusvevo
I almost drove into a light pole when I saw it. I wonder what the rejected names were?
UK sucks! :P
The confidence it takes to relinquish vanity is nearly unparalleled, but the reward is renewed self-respect we hadn't seen was gone.
who consumed "in quantities which would astonish the nerves of a cast-iron lamp-post, and... destroy the digestive organs of the ostrich."
Lost again :( softball just isn't my sport and Haley make everything better lol
Exploring the Moon on tonight!
Am ithe only one who jus eats the marshmallows out of the lucky charms ? o.O
Raymond Myles crosses my mind often. We went to junior high together. I hope Leo can finish the movie.
Foul-mouthed satellite DJ forced to share space w/ a perky #NPR feminist. That's the new Dane Cook NBC sitcom.
One of our girls shot a COVER today. INDUSTRY MODELS. Yes.
Today, approved a $350M loan to two #Pittsburgh exporters. Today, the #Senate decides whether to help more American
The only time I watch tv is
is having a teachers' conference to discuss and create school packages for shows. Weds 16 Feb, 4.30pm DM for details
Damn cookies.
Thurs. prob. best for me. Let's see what says.
Same voice too
Thx! RT Dined again on Thursday nite in Fountain Square. Great Thai, great time. Get there.
PSN is back up!!
North Country Brewing. Enough tweeted
Would have thought point of holding event at City Hall was making it accessible to Boston's small business community, not just VIPs
My friend said, "I'm so fat! I am the definition of obesity!" I replied, "Don't be upset, come, grab two chairs and we will talk about it."
If a hurricane leaves one good thing in it's wake, it'll be good writing. Tweet or e-mail us with your best natural disaster stories.
Think things through before you act upon them.
What a geography lesson I have learned helping to promote #iOS game! 59th country to join, do you know where Mauritius is?
Long, Long Day!!! I can't stop! Work, the gym, now music all night!
Pajama jeans... Just awesome
I guess being married for 72 days can be very stressful. Really Kim??? lol
Good morning! You're up early. :) What's up today?
breaking crayons was like my job in preschool.
hello stranger!
I wish I can drive already,so that my mom can stop being mad at me for missing my bus by accident -.- things don't always go perfect!
Thanks to all the men & women who gave their lives to protect us & provide us with the freedoms that we enjoy every day! Happy Memorial Day!
I feel the same way..
It's time again for the High Rollers Scooter Rally. Let the drunk dialing begin.
Thanks guys!
Who thinks we should print some new merch?
i play Long Sleeve Rashguard Light Blue 18 mo.
Jon Snow, baby, all the way.
I feel like we aren't succeeding, but I am enthusiastic!
Thanks so much for the retweet, Jessica!
Any progress on your move?
you did. Bonnie Raitt and Alicia Keys played "Sunday Kind of Love" as a tribute at the beginning of the show. Very nice!
I would miss my banchan too! LA has the largest Korean population outside of Korea. #krazyforkimchi Enjoy...
too busy reading, no time for tv
you took everything I've evert felt and put it on a track and it felt good to listen to. To share your pain because we
We are in need of office supplies. Is anyone getting rid of a filing cabinet, small loveseat, standing lamp, mini fridge, bookshelf, etc?
At the The Box Factory with
PROGRAM NOTE: The train carrying 'Abdu'l-Bahá crosses into Indiana. We’re back on Eastern Time.
SJ Jazz 09 press party yesterday..Spanish Harlem+Pete Escovedo All Star Band on Main Stage...Many great local artists www.sanjosejazz.org
58 days 7 hours 7 minutes until St. Patty's day!!!
Wow those temps are amazing. Enjoy.
We love #Adele too! She's gorgeous, real and amazingly talented!
(lack of selection the product of a wholesale system that is controlled by too few players, freezing out small wineries)
#transverse Perfect biergarten weather!
The price of greatness is responsibility. ~ W. Churchill
How long should you wait before you move in with someone new you are dating?
Chocolate Chip. (delicious) Thanks, dude. :)
Well, it's 1 a.m. Better go home and spend some quality time with the kids.
lol. Just had to get one more Changs deuce moment in!
We had a great event in the Statehouse celebrating teachers for National Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks for all you do, teachers!
OH man this NY GB game is crazy close, we know its going into overtime with 58sec..
Welcome to December. Wasn't in just January the other day?
"I don't pretend to be captain weird. I just do what I do." (Johnny Depp) That explains a lot.
going hard on your tweet game bro
I'm a journalist interested in learning more about Coney Island businesses. Would you be willing to talk?
Take nothing but pictures. Leave nothing but footprints. Kill nothing but time. ~Motto of the Baltimore Grotto, a caving society
halfway through the year, it's crazy. Almost break!
I'm a proud 4!
“My health may fail, and my spirit may grow weak, but God remains the strength of my heart; he is mine forever.” Psalms 73:26
I can hook you guys up if you still need a camera
President Obama’s 51st birthday is coming up. If you’re thinking about getting him something, he could use about $14 trillion.,
he wrote it down
Pick 27: My Full Moon is Square by Elinor Pinczes - Topic: Simple Math Equations
This is ridiculous. Come on grizz!
Good morning twitter😃
To be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
I'll probably stick to comedy for the time being
Stan continued: since Cup the only truly good move was Stalberg. Maybe, the Hayes trade. I know salary dumping was the main goal, but. . .
it's all good fam
I just voted in New York for the French elections. And you should too, if you can.
You haz choice between hipster music festival or x convention.
Happy Monday everybody. Make sure you are on the correct week in your agenda and have a great week.
I have it through cable. Best part is that they show replays. It still goes back through November.
Thanks for the RT Crystal! Have a great week
A parking ticket, a receipt, a label, anything that will tie down a particular date in our history is valuable to me. Sam.
damn I wuz @ MotorCity Friday!!Dice wasn't nice doe....broke even!!
gang we've been haked... and i don't have the time or funds to find a fix. Anyone who can help with wordpress, contact ! plz!
Lol Thank u, I speak the truth :)
Know where the Lend- Lease Monument in Fairbanks, Alaska is? Good, 'cause it's the site of 1 of the Museum Day (May 28th) Trivia Questions.
If they blow this off, I will leave the Democrat Party, and become an Independent!!!!
Gave talk about ethical consumption @ girls' prep school & touring classes thru exhibit of Haitian metal art in gallery. This is fun part.
Got my pigs in a blanket early this morning & woke up satisfied. Yum!
Sammy found an awesome local band check out the sweeps
Tired of having dry, frizzy, dull, and/or damaged hair? A Keratin Treatment can be a GREAT solution for your hair. Ask one of our stylists!!
what was the last movie you saw in theatres?
I wish would tweet me... I haven't talked to him in a while
Before retiring from USN I lived behind the Cherryville shop on Old Post Lane
I'm sure that's against some sort of international arms control treaty.
Tomorrow you are invited to my live chat on Taoist Herbs.
happy birthday to the best bro I know!!!
YES....By the way, You need to bring the squirrel back from your tampa days!!
Listening to one less lonely girl
After this long i still get butterflys when i talk to you .
Oh baby you got what I need but you say im just a friend
Here's a tough question for ya -- Which do you prefer: White American, Provolone or Jalapeno Nacho Cheese for your Cheesesteak?
You hungry? We're open for delivery!
Wednesday & it's Taste of a Grape&Groove $5.00 Wine by the glass from 4-7pm. & VALERIE ADAMS & THE DIMENSION BAND from 6-10pm
haha she likes the one with the cast
W T F games tho ?
#onlyskinnyppl sag tight ass Levi's
Busy day here at work, can't wait to get out and enjoy the #MLBPlayoffs and some $1 #bartab drinks!
Very happy you got your letter evanna!! Pottermore has yet to give me mine. Oh pottermore...
Man, MN ticket holders have been thro a lot with the Vikes and #Twins cancelled games due to weather.
Add will ferral he's funny
the more that you read, the more you will know / the more that u learn, the more places you'll go! --Dr. Seuss
Please let me know if you have an artwork for digitizing or vector arts. Special prices for Left chest and cap logos available.
Other religions claim Jesus passed out on the cross. Study the history of crucifixion you will see there is no way you can survive it.
Spring break!
I'm totally in the market for a tasty milkshake. the only question is from where? there's a sonic close.. but there's also UDF.
"My memory is so bad" "How bad is it" "How bad is what?"
thanks for the tweet ^_^
I knew you would appreciate the look.
but none for the BDC meetings
i have non-obvious dimples on my cheeks. hais, whats the pint?haha ;p
Man She Boring Im Bout To Kick Her Ass Out.
Thunder rattling windows
enjoying #HawaiianDinner dance
Yo find a way and contact me asap
followed you turn
aw wee cutie!
Laying down just made my men dinner....
RT : VIDEO: Today's preview re: new #Downtown Business Incubator that will help bring new biz to SD & create jobs....
In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all of the world's nuclear weapons combined.
I want to get sunburned today. Like an infant.
Hey, the least he can do at this point is entertain you.
you 2 look alike.
support me and my team Propane gang album release Friday! First 100 free!!!!!
just because you didn't mean to do it ,doesn't mean it doesn't hurt it ....
i miss you too :c
Thank you so much for posting this valuable information which is helping us make some travel decisions.
I'd have to agree! RT : A #Cancer is an amazing cooker. So definately expect delicious home cooked meals!
“Character is made by many acts, but it can be destroyed by a single one
Sleep is running so far ahead of me
11 S. Fla. Arrests In Largest Pharmaceutical Heist In History
physics lab last semester with your best friends from pi phi. Just thought about it and crackin up. Move along haha
Taylor F. Invited Me But. Idkk
i wasnt in school yesturday an i left an 9:45 today
Tweeting from Caltrain! Ooh how I've missed u!
I just found a box of American made Dixon Ticonderogas (1388-2 5/10 F) in the office!
Sounds amazing! Gotta check it out.
Your greatest asset is yourself. Treat it like a billion dollar investment.
well them girls kept taking my shirt off - right....it was the girls
Steve Jobs' legacy includes:
guessin u wanna c mines ;) lol u name it shotta
I LOVE YOU!!!!!!❤❤ I HOPE YOU SEE THIS AND KNOW THAT I LOVE YOU!!❤❤☺
Please welcome Joey_cuba to the Max life
lol. Former player, coach, amateur historian.
Lil Niqo television love 106 n park go check that out now
im great just here in twitter tired
They hit Africa, Italy, Normandy, Nijmegen, the Bulge, the Hurtgen and liberated Wobbelin. My dad was a corporal in the unit, too.
OMG i am listening to #backseat by so freaking awesome
There is truly nothing like a Huey burger.
We hope so too!
Bobby Valentine is allowed to talk about Fight Club.
yep. 2 back to back ko's
sure! In up for planning!
incredibly jealous better see some pics when I wake up!
Just because you can filter a picture doesn't mean you have to.
Exactly. I'm looking for a theatre or dance rehearsal space that's lovely & would love to hear recommendations.
they wouldn't would they??
Bartender loves me and she keeps taking shots with us!
Great new Google+ feature: Makes mac & cheese for the kids and runs out for Primos in time for the ballgame.
Clocked out of work just in time to see my clock spring forward. Sunday morning is going to hurt a little at
Anybody want my tickets? First pitch, 1:05 p.m..
ah right yes sorry :p. And what that sucks x
$alute,thank you bro! You helped add wings to my dream.
Avenger casting call in Cleveland this past Saturday was interesting- love cattle call madness, always entertaining :)
Yeah I think about you from time to time... but that's only because my mind... wonders... ^_^ - Kiera C
Sour gummy worms
Hi FeNa! It was great to meet you in Jan as well. Loving the colors on the new spring spring/summer collection!
‎"That's the kinda FOOD I was lookin' FO' - & yes it'll get SNACKED if you COOKIN' - HO !!" *Nicki Minaj voice*
The meetings are the first Thursdays of the month-- next one is in April
I agree. It's just his family trying to get media attention and blame cops for him running from them.
hEY mARCY - WE WERE TALKING ABOUT U LAST NIGHT!
The new iPad has a better screen resolution than any TV at NASA
beauty isn't everything sorry.
We had a great meeting with Rep. Mark White. We are so glad to have him as a supporter of Voices for Memphis' Children.
To whoever just stole my 4-year-olds skis - you suck.
This show is so shallow it belongs on MTV
Last night I made 's Top 5 list of girls that are good at drinking. Not sure if I should be proud or on my way to an AA meeting...
I like her..not too hard in adam
dang! just saw this. Thanks for the invite!
Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut. Put the pressure on 'em just when they think that I eased up.
Yo, Amrit! Did you ever go to the dandh-doctor?
": Some #women need to learn dat some niggas just want to hit #TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU"
I miss ya too
Happy #GoodFriday everyone! So grateful for this Easter weekend.
Anyone going to seminar K: The OCLC Research Survey, please tweet up or blog and let me know where to find it! I'm going to Germantown # ...
I had the best do-nothing birthday ever. I did lots of stuff but none of it was anything
r u da official chloe?
Hey Melissa, could you DM me your email address? The all-girl team has a pitch for you! Thanks for all you do.
*happy snoopy dance*
Sad to see the Silver Dragon shut down, a family tradition to eat there pre thanksgiving.
You don't have to signal at a roundabout but you should always yield.
Water main break in Bernalillo forcing schools to close at 10am. Busses will run to p/u kids
I struck out Austin Jackson.
You are the fakest girl I have ever met!! #subtweet #hetoldme 😌 😚💨
It's great to be in my current company's employ
yes its very possible you saw him.. I need to see the movie again to gather my thoughts..so different from the book
This time before you bail me out, make sure you handcuff me.
thank you so much!!
Don't worry- all you're losing is a little mascara...
Anybody follow anyone funny and worth following??
Happy hump day
"Ross, a 34-year old real estate agent is suspected to be searching the private property of another woman" God, I love Cheaters. LOL!
my mom just told me she was going to her boyfriends.. aka her chiropractor
Have a great day luv! Love you much!
Im mad people walk through the train with no shoes on. Disgusting
the last place I had in Boston had a real FUSE BOX instead of a circuit breaker. Those old glass ones!!
It's #WineWednesday! What #NZ wine is everyone drinking today?
and that Chancellor must have never spent time at a serious liberal arts institution where teaching really matters
Hello , I'll be watching #Raw wouldn't miss it. :-)
Woof me too.... lol txt me bruh(:
If you rlly love me heres what ill doo ill take care of u.. No -.- if you RESPECCTTT me heres wut ill doo ill take care youu my words!
Amazing performance by at the Guthrie concert.
The Silk Tie likes Corrie!
Hahah that was a close call...more like callS cause for some reason we didn't stop after the first time?!!?! ahha
Damn!! I miss Field Mob. Dem dudes had sum classic records.
Good point, but surely there are many instances of that given the scope of mismanagement.
Purse Chronicles tonight! Come see what she carries in HER purse, sip on some wine and enjoy this FUN movie! See you tonight!
I'm samoan. I don't lose fights ever. Don't care if she's got a fleet of tanks
Don't forget to make your appt for Spa Week !
": Drivers ed...." Aww ur finally growing up
i was there to the left !!! ^.^ my first time i saw you in person iLove you! ♥♥'
A human system only supports conclusions that it arrives at. Participatory is initially harder, but ultimately more effective.
Stay tuned for julissacarmona.com website and see a photo of director Julissa Carmona with Guillermo Del Toro.
Michael O'Malley just used plain language to explain how eugenics was so prevalent and whiteness was so ambiguous.
nice tool
First I missed selena gomez and now im going to miss cody simpson... This just isnt my week..
You fucking creeper!!!!
CRISP is the place to be!
i am serious ♥
I'd have to concur. Ann is a lady of simple tastes, simple moves. Maybe she needs a partner?RT : Ann keeps it simple!
whose making a big trade up tonight in the
I just fixed the garage door opener all by myself! WooHoo! How great is that?
Omg, I love old films. They bring so many memories and you can see how technology has evolved in the past years.
#NP OKC vs LAL game 1 by Twenty Nine Points RT #NP Born and Raised by John Mayer
lemme hear dem words ever come out that mouf again
If you can't convince them, confuse them. -- Harry S. Truman
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He kind of looks like Herman Cain.
Just caught call of Humber's perfecto. Young b'casters take note - great balance of info and then let pic do the talking.
im out
We are AmeriCANS, not AmeriCAN'TS RT everything fails until it succeeds = stay active encouraging
Bands like Skillet are for dudes that will never be metal. You can't kill the metal. The metal will live on.
Highly pissed & irritated
J, you've got to sell me on Great World Spin. Sure I'd love it, I loved everything I read about it, but I lost steam about 50 pgs in
Feel really sick :/
Hey you! Didn't realize you were on. How r u?
Thank you for all the sweet notes, Lynda bird! x
The Home-Based Business Show January 7, 2011...How to Name Your Home-Based Business so it Works For You! 9:00am pst Variety Channel www.…
Today was pretty good
YEAH!!! RT : Promotions Without Raises? What's Up With That?
hope ur having a blessed day
chris Jericho needs to retire or better yet fired cause he sucks
Just landed in Tampa, family and all, for Sensemakers Seminar 2010. Temp is 90!
When my boyfriend plays with my hair until I fall asleep >>>>>>>
Portland woman wrangles wayward ducklings near 10th & Morrison. New on the #KGWNightTeam 11pm
i LOVE public transportation.
Michigan with a pair of insurance runs in the seventh now lead UW 7-4 with 1 out. Pitching change. Starter Amanda Najdek now back in.
The only thing worse than today's 90-minute sexual harrassment training is whatever that poor lawyer must have done to be assigned to run it
Thanks for the RT! Glad you like the newsletter!
joravben will be live-tweeting the snowball fight. Try telling him not to.
Having #mothersday dinner at Chai Asian Bistro. First time we've been here in a long time. The dudes love it! So do my #mom & I.
definitely know how that goes. Well, even being the single rep from Chicago is pretty Dang cool. Good work dudes.
I can use a back rub. My back hurt
'burning your chooka in da hot tub, #meatballproblem ' I just love me some #jerseyshore :)
ik me smart (;
Whoa... take it easy there. No need to kill yourself in the first week.
LOL. Some of you gays...smh.
This Saturday we invade to film our Out and About segment for July 20th taping. Brush up on your fun summer songs!
Hi Keegan, it's Peter :) We'd love for you to be a sponsor! Perhaps the firkin tasting tent....
Hey just letting you know your account is hacked because I keep getting spam DMs from you
. Hey, congrats on your forthcoming AN UNEXPECTED GUEST (April 2012, y'all)
General Strike tomorrow, Wednesday November 2nd - Take back your Democracy, end Corporate control.
RT : Is everyone awake and ready for day two of #gpacacmoacac12?
Thanks for a beautiful performance at the this afternoon! Bravo!
Not really looking forward to mothers day. Cause really, how is it about the mom. It is just another ordinary day to me, with my kids.
Why are hosts and announcers always a male-female pair? #equality?
This also works: so much is happening and so little is going on.
Get your TAN ON and BE PARTY READY! *SPECIAL TODAY for EVERYONE* Buy 5 Mystic Tans, and get 5 FREE!!!
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND? . . . Oh, ok never mind.
Milestone! We just gaveaway our 10,000th free bumper sticker!
like in your sleep or something?
I hope you guys are enjoying your February vacation! x
you're too good to me. Super violent bear hug to your head. Thank you.
Me and Kevin are a lost cause LOL. On my one day off his ass is going to sleep when I'm waking up.
We should see the assignment that God gives us like food. We get energized and power when we live out our purpose.
Dane County Coalition to Reduce #alcoholabuse is TONIGHT! Join us as we prioritize new goals - event hashtag:
I bet she makes good enchalidas
i dont care how white/elitist/privileged it makes me sound, but when Best Buy puts stickers on blu-ray sleeves & the glue ruins it
In his spare time, Patrick Dempsey is a sports car racer and has participated in both the Indianapolis and Daytona Beach races.
I'm scared of everything. I'm scared of what I saw. I'm scared of what I did, of who I am.
just noticed that last post.. Jealous!! Haha..
Yeah but I dont think I would pay 30 bucks to be grinded on by 16 year olds haha
Who's ready for a summer road trip ???
ugh about time 😝😜
Fuck!!!!(I love u honey)
What if it's a salesperson? Or Jehovah's Witness?
Hahahahaha!!! Omg I wanted too! You have no idea!
Education is what U get from reading the fine print. Experience is what U get from not reading it.
We are most satisfied when God is most glorified in the exercise of what we were made to do.
I can give you 25 reasons why im really in love with you..
I'm with you on a lot of issues, but you're way off the mark with #PIPA. The vitality of the Internet is too important to risk.
very interested in your speaking workshops. any in Southern California?
-he deserve me; he been putting in time; he deserve me..
#nowfollowing How many teens love #shoes???
Cowboy vs. Aliens day hail yay!!!!!
and I'm talking bout a professional job, not cutting grass or some other landscaping job
what ever maby i should unfallow you if you keep talking to me like that faggot
When love is not just a few years, according to minutes of the meeting.
My tl won't load! :(
Senate Dems' bill? It passed 89-10. Mr. Speaker, pls quit spouting partisan political pablum & put country 1st.
It's fall at The — leather and suede booties galore.
That would be awkward! Lmao. *slowly turn and walk away*
Umm hello? Can we get the party started (:
Great day, had a barbecue at Devon's. Listened to sublime the whole time too.
- Yo Tony! Thanks, man! I look forward to making more cool stuff with you.
Now just moments away from the start for race 2. Let's see how our guys do this round.
RT You know we smoking on KESHIA !!
Servicemembers Committing Tax Refunds To Improve Family Finances, First Command Reports
I really had faith in the cavs tonight
obsessed. Good remix though.
Hey more week!!! You ready for #GirlsWeekend !!!
“: good morning! make it a great day!” good morning early riser!
Remember spending our 2010 Ides of March touring the Globe theater?
ask how big it is, she loved it ;)
I was expecting to see one person I know
Im kinda flattered that haters are spending their time making TT's for us. It makes me feel special :D
Today we're visiting Artists Repertory Theatre in downtown Portland to plan for summer event there.... Woohooop! More details soon...
probably! They sound amazing.
Ok if you see this tweet,RT it(:
If you have not checked out #TheFab5, you really need to see it! One of the best #ESPNFilms ever!
hey what up
You dont have to pick one... you ca pick more than 1
Calling historians! Look for Joel Wurl and other officers this weekend @ NEH Table @ #AHA2011. Pick up info at NEH table.
Does Internet Explorer fail to display your JPEG and you're going crazy? Check: is it in CMKY color space?!!
dude you are too hilarious...
Proud Mom moment...son Hunter scores 2 goals and had 2 assists today!
evening Marc
Thanks dear! Same to you! Allergies killing me out here.
Given the Caps' recent history with Game 7s, you should be fine!
la vie est un art
Sort of like Mitt saying he saved Detroit is designed to get votes?
happy mothers day!♥
Cupcake and #food #vendors...want great exposure at a high profile #American #Heart #Association #fundraiser fashion show?
If I correctly, you went to see the DADT SCOUT hearing, right? Any chance you could give me pointers on *actually* getting in?
what does that mean? btw a little jealous over here.
happy late/early birthday
YOUTUBE AFFICIAL GORILLA POSSE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR PAGE
lol...she 's famous ...if i had game like Chris Brown then yea...but mt game wouldn't get her to budge
oh man! he should have! But that couple paid hundreds to mug down while jokes..let them be. :)
im a aunt my little neice was just born her name Olivia
I still would like to go to NMMI. Who wants to give me $11,000 for tuition?
RT Note to restauranteurs: girls carry lots clutches these days. hook on the stall door doesn't hold said clutch
Hey! :) I just met you! And this is crazy! But here's my number! So call me maybe?
Warm up with a bottle of red wine! All bottles of wine are $20 TONIGHT!
Our office will be closed Monday, May 30th. Those off to #NAFSA11 we'll see you there! Everyone else have a wonderful Memorial Day weekend.
Of course, big lips need a big schtick ;) RT : Revlon Chubby Stick? WTH? Because size matters for lipstick?
Who's got their #NYE Tickets? We are Selling OUT! Get tickets gift shop. #StaceyQ and #MJ Star will be here live!
Sorry we have been a little MIA working on getting our new site launched! www.worldchampionfans.com w/ blogs, contests coming soon!
Hello Zayd, yes we are near New York City. Where are you little rider?
why isn't Phillip Phillps in any music videos?!?!?! :3
so frickin tired. but happy new years!! :) i hope you enjoyed your 2011
Feel like im winnin right now cause i got following me, good mornin ladies
YOLO.......... GAY. Shut the fuck up and die. I'm glad you only live once. Some people deserve less than once. #truth day
I bought CDs today. In a record store. It was like the 90s again. Good times.
Drop everything now , Meet me in the pouring rain , Kiss Me on the sidewalk take away the pain♥
i just followed u will u follow me back? :)
To all my clients: THX for a great year! Best wishes for greater success in 2012. See you on the flip.
especially if you come correct with one of those aftermarket giant hood ornaments
Why is it every time I sign in, I forget my password. -__- It's not even complicated! >_<
Up Early dog walking, fell back to sleep, had weirdest dream. Walking PolkaSpot and my Yorkie was holding leash.
Publishers today moan ebooks are killing them, but what killed the ones 90 years ago when Hemmingway was writing? (1/2)
Hi there - thanks for following Better Wine Guide! I hope your harvest went (or will go) well!
Adele has the cutest British accent of all time..
RT : Appreciate your help with annual meeting yesterday! You provided some great products!
nope. I won't be at buff state next semester, but if have any English class crisis, let me know, and I'll see if I can help.
Living life. That's why I love her
not sure.. What her name was
I don't relive in signs, but I do believe in fuck me eyes
Still in a daze after seeing #radiohead have dinner at Uchi in Austin last night!
woop woop!! I'm so ready for this weekend!!! were gonna have so much fun
Thank you!
You were awesome man. Shake the museum world up!
cookies and twitter always make it better.my day is going smoother cuz of twitter.its been a rough 2 days.monday will b worse
check my YouTube!
“: : : Dmac then traded to another family for draft picks” they only got a 6th in return .... Shhhh poor Dmac
Acting class went well last night at GJC Talent.
you aren't the only one.
What's good twitter mofos. My phone has been retarded 4 a bit
Good morning folks! :)
Sketch the idea on a bar napkin then choose the stock using a Neenah Cabinet app from Handy!
Fine, eat your pizza...smile all you want fucker, I'm not dancing with you when you'r done.
Mama dearest and brother bear heading out to the homeland for a month! Have a good vacay, you deserve it. 😊❤👜💺✈
Sittin outside watchin the storm come in with the bestfriend! 👍✌☺
yes ma'am =) so I'll be in orlando a lot more
The Alan Parsons Science Project
F yeah!
NP thanks for offering it up
Our pleasure.
Does Trent Richardson's pops have braids and a grill? Wow!
England's gardening shows got me through 2003.
I'm mostly one of 'those ppl' normally but having ears covered while eating just weirds me out, I dunno why exactly?
ive been trying to do this take home test for over an hour.. but twitter and tumblr are way better than history
Q5: I'm more a last minute creator unless I know I have company coming over.
#thatawkwardmoment when your sitting next to and listening to Sexy and I know it and humping the air!
Q2 I hope to be smiling more about my discipline and health
Most Welcome Lady MarciMichelle ..
(cont.) or if people could order delivery from concession stand right to their seat. It's an amenity that's worth an extra fee
But I'm only 31!
LeBron woulda ran him outta town RT Mike Brown benching Laker every game; where was tough love approach few yrs ago (in CLE)?
Please RT today is my cuzins bday and u will make it her best bday ever if u RT so RT?
yezh u r n yes i do
'Limelight' - From the creators of Cocaine Cowboys - In Theatres September 23rd ...Interesting
Just sent an invitation to my closest face-friends to Thursday's party at Harrison's.
you wish
what's ur email or contact? I need someway to get in contact with you where u will answer fast?
MORNING TWEETS
Happy International Women's Day :)
now, no tech, does that also include no TV? gluck!
Kevin, can I bring a stroller into Coors Field? #newdad #RockiesTweet20, BTW, I like the new purple crosswalks at 20th and Blake
On my way to #semtech expo. Looking forward to running into old colleagues and friends!
what did they say? I won't judge u !! Ever..
You're allowed to travel if you're name starts with a K...and ends with an OBE.
I am hoping for a miracle but I have a feeling that I may be helping you end your losing streak.
I'm way too nice to people
Hey Michael we know security shield is a nasty virus. If you need some expert tweeps who can remove security shield give us a call.
I think he is the one who see the problem and says something.
Man, let me put this bong away.
Creativity = Previously Unrelated Idea 01 + Previously Unrelated Idea 02
"A sure way to lose happiness, I found, is to want it at the expense of everything else." - Bette Davis.
Thank you, !
Good to be back on Twitter. I appreciate everyone still following me and mentioning me. I am in the process of catching up on my follows.
I eye itch so bad
#Incollege people change
Let me know if you do. Would be a perfect post for Insider. :-)
Yes!Exciting."The marquee is visible for 1/2mi in many directions"=serious exposure for artists.I'll be @ the recept next Weds!
If you're a film fan, esp. if you have ties to the Detroit area, please follow my friend Joyce Wu, Please RT.
is it wrong I'm in class learning about eating disorders and all I can think about is how hungry I am?
Friday Night PARTY! Ashlynn Brooke signing X DVDs! Come join the fun!
Meeting 2 labor attorneys Monday. Thinking I should represent myself, as they first told me I didn't have a case until I cited law to them.
Apologies in advance to followers -- I'm tuning in to the chat on health blogging. Starts in a few min. at 3.
Good workout to get my mind off of things... working out at 7 tomorrow morning then hitting the links.
holy crap I just saw Jordan came over for your birthday that's freaking amazing! I don't know how youre handling it all hehe :)
Yannis Pantazis, a flautist from Santorini, Greece arrives today for recording in the studio and kick starting the launch of iHanuman Music!
They say time is money, i guess im spending minutes.
Can't believe my baseball season is almost over #
Shabazz wants to be a superstar, and he already is. He'll just do it on a very mediocre stage in college.
Happy Friday!
I like skittles cause they make me shit rainbows...
“: Cross the line if you hate texting people first.”
I just want to let her kno
#UFC break. No way Garcia makes it to round 3.
Wordpress101 If you don't know what you're doing stay away from the editor
Two little girls asking their Dad which of their American Girl Dolls is prettier. Hes saying they are equally pretty. Ties are for punks.
Awh! Got a twitter!!!it's about time (: #FollowHer #bffauobbooaw haha :p
I dont know man, wangsters arent that cool in my opinion.. O.o
please #FollowMeAlexConsancio . I love you ! (: Your amazing
Just broke a sweat trying to buy my über-sophisticated 8-year-old sister some jewelry. I worry my tastes are not haute enough for her...
Just reading "involves whale noises" made me laugh.
Then tonight another friend has shotgun cocked & aimed @ his head smh
sometimes i send my brothers letters in the mail written entirely in spanish and then sign w/ "crack the code. love, sar" heh heh heh :)
Come visit us for lunch today! We have delicious burgers, salads, all your favorites!
She isn't in town after Wensday. :(
Half way done with the career conference & will be back in school for about half a class
For you...I won't be moved.
“And my God will meet all your needs according to His glorious riches in Christ Jesus.” Phil 4:19
It's a day for all things #Irish and #Green. Thanks Patrick for your help with twitter. A toast to you & all lucky enough to be Irish.
each rotation will burn approx 1/4 of a calorie. Times two eyes that is a half calorie per rotation.
PSC’s cost-benefit test unfairly penalizes renewables
Jesus I hate George Lopez.
This Celtics and 76ers game is getting to intense
I want to hear Phil and Ray for every game, let alone every final
Didn't realize how much I missed painting for fun
Tune in to a new season #INSIDETHENFL to get exclusive coverage and hard-hitting action, TONIGHT at 9 PM ET only on
Say somethin' if your feeling the vibe Say somethin' baby don't be so shy Say somethin' cause youre all in my head like Oh oh oh yeah
With my bitch
Find happiness in chaos.
Did my homework.Well,enough of my homework.And I didn't finish my essay. NOW IM CLEAN!!! I used an awesome body wash, going to sleep later.
Keep it real..
Therefore, I took time out of my day, to take a selfie of myself chucking the deuces up.
i lovd nutella! in italy you can buy a 10 pound jar :B
#ff DAT DUDE who is gonna welcome Andrew Luck to the NFL
thug life!
Crazy Mary will be in the stuidio today making music history
": Thanks for watching #60Minutes. Join us next Sunday for a special tribute to Mike Wallace." RIP Mike. What a guy.
Biking,running,boot camp,monkey bars,catch,walking, perhaps
please tell some to follow
Succeeding is not really a life experience that does that much good. Failing is a much more... enlightening experience. - Michael Eisner
You're welcome - hope you're having a good weekend so far :-)
This Seattle rain got you down? Come indoors for books, beer and talented writers APRIL#rectoverso festival today, 10-4. $5.
Dental Care: No snacks less than one hour before bedtime.
UPCOMING SHOWS: JULY 1 MAKING A APPEARANCE AT FORT HAMILTON IN BROOKLYN NY
sorry! Didn't realize. Life is very good. How about yours?
"Daddy, DJ Lance is a big deal." —My 5yo
The opposite of the religious fanatic is not the fanatical atheist but the gentle cynic who cares not whether there is a god or not.
Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes. Kenneth Hildebrand
"This is what I never allow myself o need. And of course I've been needing it all along."
they are getting married?
They who know others is wise; they who know themselves are enlightened. ~ LAO-TZU
#LMSunSIG will be holding week long hybrid training for faculty. Get a new computer and stipend.
maybe more so late January? I don't know- no pressure.
James Cameron. Rolling in the deep.
should follow me cause like... Cowbells was my favorite back then and I still love it and both of you!
Bunch of new followers over the weekend! Just want to welcome all of you to the Halfcut Family. Enjoy our always good 10% off code- "hcc10"
That is so amazing. I'm jealous right now...
give it to me baby;)
San Francisco, you are so bi-polar. Choose one type of weather and stick to it!
no problem
1ce u lose the capacity 2 be afraid of [what] held u from going after ur dreams than fear becomes finite..hope becomes infinite. -S.Pishevar
they sound amazing;)
don't make me smack you I am a grown ass man !
It's one topic about which MANY people believe the ostrich mentality works best. NOT so!!!
Lyrical prose - The Hindu
New songs on a new EP coming your way soon. We ain't no Pinocchios.
interesting. I'll have to check out their website. Thanks for the link.
i should have done homework... instead i made dinner and got on twitter...
Tonight is Island NIght.. Come in For $4.50 Margaritas and $3 Coronas all night long.
We have finished recording all the tracks on our Christmas CD! Will go on sale soon!
Foo What you doing?
It's a good stage!
Is that standard markup for David Caruso? I was unaware.
outTa ALL THe things i can call u right now i choose not to cause I dont WANNA hurt you hahaahaaa
o I love the google doodle for #Muybridge today!
yea well I love u wish the girls good luck for me and ill be cheering u guys on
Why hasn't the Net found your amazing words of wisdom? Your mind is the best kept secret! Thx 4 everything. Proud 2 no you.
Hey Dj Kris
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you run into "the one that got away" and you are no longer single :(
A5 Stay current.Read business news.Stay alert to changes in the external market in your field. Social media can help with this.
Wow. Hot potato!
Im So Fukin Irritated
for some reason The Replacements is my crappy movie of choice. keanu reeves at his finest?!
Cal will destroy O So Sad State...
Oh, sure!
*giggle* That's awesome!
Shoulda Seen The Looks On They Faces When I Pulled Up Flexing!
The fact that shutterstock.com still doesn't work in Google Chrome amazes me. If someone can give a good reason I'm all ears.
I'm w the man I luv and there is nothing like it n this universe!!!
. picked up a beer from Atwater Brewery in Detroit. She singlehandedly improved their economy by 23%.
. & I have (between us) 6 degrees; that's also the amt. of separation between us & the ability to put the WaHo menu in the holder.
thanks! pretty fun job...and cool transformation.
NBC's Today show announced UNC Chapel Hill as the Best Value (based on quality for the price) public university in the country! UVA was
“: I just talked to Kelly and he said they comein on about nine, you going homie?”yessuhhh! I want to!
Honestly so pisssed off.
if you can't beat them, join them... i LOVE game of thrones. and i feel like a big big hypocrite.
Visualising memory in digital media
Happy Birthday to you Fabulous Lady!!!!!
Come on down to in the #FireStoneDistrict for lunch, our special is mini gyros with fries and a fountain drink for $9.99!
Longshot here, come on internet work your magic. I'm looking for photos of the FORUM 303 arcade & movie mural(s) in Arlington, TX pre 1998.
Cavemen probably werent worried about kissing! RT : How'd people ever kiss each other before they invented toothpaste &brushes?
If you don't give a 100% effort, why bother
And I'm proud to be an American, where at least I know I'm free. And I won't forget the men who died, who gave that right to me. ~Lee...
My students did the wave when I walked into class today. Jealous? Yes. You are.
where is your tie Sam? Is it at thesilktie.com?
my quote <3
Not sure I follow your question.. you can DM me if you like..
Hawaii Pacific Solar Installs Conergy Solar Modules and Mounting Systems for Department of Education at Aeia High ...
bring your busted behind vehicles!! Let's get it.
hank you my followers :)
English is one of my chillest class this year . .
YOUR PHONE BETTER BLINK!
I know right..
I think I might have by a hair.. in losing my temper in sports lol
I was marinating in someone else's BO and farts. Love the treadmill. I just finished a 5.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
See that's why I stay to myself these kids at norcross
i like embedding universal, meaningful stdnrds in #pbl; we need systms that don't rely on hierarchy/principals to enable this work
Touchdown Warriors!!
Man, tits are awesome.
Did anyone else hear about the dude wielding a knife at Staples Center? Guess that's what happens when you force fans to watch Cavs/Clips!!
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world. - Albert Camus
I don't let it bother me but it does make me a little sad that people have no manners or patience anymore.
Idk what to do im bored sippin on tea on my back patio. Anyone wanna txt or play draw something?
Thanks for the mention!
Someone Like you
The BodyMedia team now in B-U-tiful Santa Clara #demo12. Practicing their "6 min" pitch.Muy difficult 2explain us in 6 min.
Justin is my everything. He saved me. Im staying strong for him, no matter how hard it is. I can't Imagine myself living without that boy.
It was actually 7.3%. Still a great number! “: Over 70% of undergrads have grandparents who graduated from #uwgrad”
For politics in these times, it may be best to be a Progressive Populist with a stromg agenda for 'Buy American' & a strong national defense
Heading to the post office to mail out the final songs to be mixed for the new album! Time to start setting up release details!
As I was just saying...wait, what was I saying?
haha except its over Twitter
Just saw dude on street surprise his lady with flowers. She's got that "damn, now I gotta carry this shit around all day" look in her eyes.
holy ship!!!! I'm so bummed I'm not your partner on this one!!! #inthe90s!!!
Please check out my friend - she has a new coming-of-age novel called "Ednor Scardens" out at Amazon
"I don't consider myself wealthy." -Ann Romney, wealthy person
RT : Beer Here: Eternal Flame by Capital Brewery: Eternal Flame, a new anniversary brew from Capital Brewery and one ......
Want an electric guitar or headshots signed by ? We have what you seek!
Happy birthday and :3
I'm so anxious to start my grown up life, but I know that dream isn't going to come into light for a long time :(
I go ham at therapy but then I regret it after
Would LOVE to see him shirtless...
RIP Dick Clark.
of course! Only because its PAY DAY!!!!!!!
Much better showing on Indy's 2nd possession.
Makes sense. I'm only here to help.
:(( I wish I could have been in there with you for moral support. Like an obnoxious pageant/soccer mom :)
Wanna party with havarti?
I Cried When Jack died in Titanic! D':
okay I'll wait for the new one
LOL Bristol Palin
We'll miss u!“: After 3 great years, I am moving on from & heading back to DC. Thx to the team & our amazing clients!”
I think I want to go through the brewery tour again. It's been a few years...
Rep. wraps closing stadium arguments in House, Now Rep. Lanning up -- pitches Minn. tradition of investing in quality
Nothing better on a wed nite than and !
Its so funny watching scooter fight flies....This Guy be so focused and determined like he really fast enough to beat them up
I wish I had some bubbles n bath beads to put in this water. I So need this
Jam session on the drums tonight!
hahaha you crazy bro
Children's Earth Day Essay contest. Guidelines available inside Burgerville. good luck
haha gotcha. *waves back*
I don't want hot pockets, but I guess I'll have to settle smh
If you have a beer gut you shouldn't be walking around in a bikini top in general, but you REALLY need to leave the mall
I hits what I wanna hit!!
At work starting to feel sick. Hope I'm better for vacation
WHY MUST I BE SO YOUNG
This ol slow ol receiving a message hella late ol phone... smh
Fantastic! Thank you. We look forward to having you.
RT : Watch #Chargers take on #Raiders tonight here Extended Happy Hour Specials from 4-7pm
He's not looking good...
I miss your blog tvs :( if you didn't know already you kinds pretty amazing.. Just saying :)
I miss you so much! & letting you go was the best but stupidest decision ever. Hope your doing good(:
so I have silicone poisoning. it is affecting my heart among other things. outlook not great. dr.s r scared 2 take out the implants.
Choosing DBRD over M/S or M/M repli?
Tonight is the first night w/o his ass 😒
Do I really need to holler??
Klout - it is helpful as a reference, not as an authority ~
Finished up keyboard musicianship and music history. Countdown to Tuesday.
Hold it after hours at an existing auto repair shop.. and get a great instructor (that's key)!! Come on, let's do it!!
' Give me time, help me to understand yu gone be there thru watever.
Speaking of that some of those twitter acct with black folks as the icon aren't really black folks, saw a few change to real faces last year
“: I need to get Direct Tv #TimeWarner blows balls” I luv my direct tv. Packer games at home, phone, cpu
South By South West in Austin is one the most exciting festivals for up and coming bands to get discovered.
(3/3) you too do things. might even be impaired in your head.
thanks so much for the follow!!! Thanks ;-)
"Don't start nothing', won't BE nothing'." - Will Smith, MIB
eyyy.... it's #PrettyLittleLiars day today! :)) I need to watch last week's rerun
expect a loss, won't ruin mojo. I've come to learn winning on the road in the big ten is virtualy impossible against top teams
loves being single and not having to answer to anybody, doing what ya want, who ya want, when ya want!!!
suuurrrreee. Whatever you say
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm not gonna finish these because I'm lazy and need to go take a shower. ✌
We have a winner! A sexy nerdy winner! Went to a BBQ last night: first question: "explain genetic determinism & free will" :)
had a little drink did we!
Jordy Hulls is the man.
Having trouble sleeping tonight?? Stop in and see us tomorrow- We have a cure for that!! ;) 17th Federal tell us you were up on twitter! :)
Finally getting to see Where the Wild Things Are. Stoked.
Exploring new heights and it feels so right #makinmoves!
's talk was a beautifully elegant and heartfelt conclusion to my #gdc. Thank you.
Where do you think the most unusual place for a tattoo is??
Try modeling, because you honestly can't "sing" without auto-tune.
Aiming to kick ass on a test = missing the point of the test. Don't want to be #1 on a test but not on what it measures
#edshow RACHEL at MSNBC comes down with the MADDOW DISEASE for which there IS NO known cure.
don't be sad, be happy kiddo.
The #dollarcostaveraging strategy helps you buy more shares of #stocks and #mutualfunds when prices fall, and fewer shares as prices rise
you are adorable!
1-800-Printing is in New York& Looking for Printing Salespeople to sell our Amazing Quality Printing Marketing Material! HELP WANTED
brushing the boys teeth as they get ready to leave and hunt for easter eggs at their school...
weird how we aren't friends anymore
really don't want to go to a 3 hour long practice at school today. it's gonna suck cuz i feel like crap
So you just go be cheatin on me our whole marriage ?? !!!! lol
Give Jordan any Kobe Center or Pf in his career and Jordan would have more than 6 Rings thats all im sayin
Competed in The Super Spartan Race in Temecula yesterday in the Elite 9am Heat. Most challenging race yet.
Just went to see an old school Chinese herbalist doctor in Flushing. On a hot, sticky Korean bus back to Chinatown.
From the death of Jesus on the Cross to the failings of man, the devil always celebrates too early.
Thx for all those who came out on Friday. Augie had some great insights to share about fundraising. We'll be posting a blog recap soon!
your welcome! :)
hate does not blind you, but i know you dont see the bigger picture, but wait, you will someday.
You better! :-) RT Rt "I'm taking the day off." Can I join?
Hi to all the new followers! excited to follow you and learn from you!
just to tell u i have a GF (so please dont flirt with me, not trying to be mean just saying ) :)
My consciousness is very very very very bad right now. It's a place! A Merilu Henner place where my son is in a boot and has to poop!
Attending Mayor Villaraigosa's 2012 State of the City Address at Paramount Studios.
maybe next time ;)
Check out ! They have an awesome project that they are working on setting up!
expect an email soon thanks!
i want a slushie from sonic.
wait that was so weird I literally jsut logged back on a sec ago bc i finished my hw and than u tweeted mee haha and sure
New school year is a perfect time to share your favorite music. Tell your friends to check us out at myspace.com/morelikethemovies
Bring it on, sister!
Ah, okay. Unfriend her NOW! ;)
Name dropping by sales people is my favorite thing
loved seeing you too. What can I say, we are geeky, but at least we are pretty geeks. :)
Wait, I thought we had real journalists on the xffl beat. Like finding out there's no santa.
You can be my super boo 👫
Cannot wait to help out with the CHS Fashion Show tomorrow :)
While all you guys are listening to #IWillAlwaysLoveYou I'm getting my underwear dance on to I Wanna Dance With Somebody.
Seriously. If I were more coordinated, there would be backflips.
Thursday @ #ECHELON3000 #HouseParty live!! Ladies [FREE all night]
“: Packers fans.... Best fans in the league...Period” <--can't wait to celebrate when 85 put the whole team on his back, doe!!
On the whole, my impression is that mercy bears richer fruits than any other attribute. p 62 of Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
What an awful possession. Is it "Meta World Black Hole" tonight?
Then walking around chinatown and north beach, sf... What a day!!
I wanna piercing...again!
Had a great time at last week...6 sessions in 5 days! Great job , Dennis Gruenling and Michael Bram...stay tuned!
Hill is my sleeper pick. Love his potential
Even though I know, I don't wanna know. Yea I guess I know.. I just hate how it sounds.
Likewise! Looking forward to getting to know you!
He'll be fine then, except for the fact that he's napping with FAKE STUFFED ANIMALS!!
#IGetJealousOf pretty girls.
you're my EVERYTHING.
- Hello!..I'm back with a new name!
Looking for a READY PLAYER ONE readalike? Check out EREBOS. Perfect for gamer teens.
baby seal
If you’re just tuning in, we’re giving away 5 books today! RT relevant tweets from and you’ll be entered to win
All access controls are predicated on identity
Nope sorry its false :))
send me bitch send me lol
Covered. Protected. Secured.
hell nah i love it in the heights. i went to florida durring winter break and that shit sucks as
thanks for the. Update!!!!! You are awesome keep making bmore proud!!
we disagree. Still love ya though!
I followed you
Amazingly cruel. Human beings---have we learned yet?
Tigers are VERY desperate for more arms in the 'pen.
it wouldn't :L you can if you want tho
So glad to see 's tweets from #womencycling at #NBS12, AND our own Marla Streb is on the panel!
Yes mommy I will LOL. Just hopefully trains will show up whne I'm not driving because if driving it could be a problem
Beautiful day, Ron!
Social Media is all about connecting with people.
#SugarShane is so old & slow live feed looks like instant replay!
just want at share a joke from my 9 year old. What soccer play would you not want to play with? Jimmy Fouling.
Peanut Butter Multi-grain Cheerios... Where have you been all my life?! No, seriously. Leave me and you'll have a stalker ex.
I'm sorry to any Kanye west fans. But his part in mercy is garbage.
you won't be disappointed. They are definitely two gems on the May schedule.
no doubt no doubt
Oh man...sorry! I should have said an anonymous IndyCar source close to the situation is makin' jokes. My bad.
If Scott Fujita's 3-game suspension is upheld, Chris Gocong would likely move to SLB, with Kaluka Maiava a likely option at WLB.
Need art supplies? Venus Studio Art Supply(Palm Desert) now on board offering 15% OFF!
I couldn't do it without the help of !
I love you,good morning my love♥
dang... Busted! Lol .. It's one of two books I bought while in Redding. The weekend I told you abt my "freeze!"
I've met him. Cool cat...
I can help. My Assistant is in school Tues, til 130p. Difficult til we get more help. In the meantime, stop by, we'll chat.
