Thanks for RT'ing the meme story. Do you have a favorite?
COME TO COLORADO :)
how are you c:
Heading home today for a week! Shows in Sao Paulo were great, audience was the best of the tour
well, you watch Glee, so I guess you'd be an expert on crap.
Rules create procedures. Grace creates POSSIBILITIES!
haha! Dude, that's bc it's not THAT one.. this is ANOTHER Green "Girdle" - Saw it and had to send it to ya!
Clippers and my favorite movie ever, sorry for not following you sooner haha
Quick: how do you tell who's in a band? Multiple tattoos, jacked up hair, & cocktail in hand.
follow for a chance to win Free autographed items!
the wild twice. Chris Simon and heatley. Sighed heavily both times.
J Stauss' booth in which I showed - 'top drawer' all the way- 50 mil yr old fossils in the booth, my copper, so glad to be part
That's what they say. Holding ya to it! See ya soon pal!
yeaa follow us first :)
western conference games come on to late .
What's the diff? It's semantics. And quoting the bible doesn't make it any better. Plenty of hateful preachers do same
"Make big plans; aim high in hope and work, remembering that a noble, logical diagram once recorded will never die,"
I agree. Preparation, effort, persistence and timing, with a little help for the "Man Upstairs" equals success.
Fun! Awesome boy band friends ;) JT was filming next door to my work last week and we kept watching him, haha
Sounds like a very civilized society MT : Iranian cartoonist gets 25 lashes for drawing politician as a soccer player
Just had a wonderful lunch at new Santa Ana location. LOVE Sadie's.
I went to the library on Central the other day. It was a sad selection of videos I've never heard of before :-)
FA SHO..I'LL CHECK IT..
The best dry humping scene of all-time is in Dirty Dancing.
Hello Everyone! :) I hope you are having a wonderful day!
aw! Luv me some NYE Ice Bar!
Aubrey is such a liar!!..Don't fall for it Trump!
not tired at all ~
thnx for following me :)x
ALCL is running now!!! lots of green for ALCL.
NO MORE of my SARKOZY? D new socialist Pres HOLLANDE first claim is he's anti rich & Banking! He plans to tax de rich 75%! 75%! WTH!
Breakfast then off to explore
Randolph looks high. So what.
Do what you do best. The rest will follow.
one of the many places in Fla I've never seen. I'm a bad, bad native Floridian
that's a bet
Express Scripts forecasts that, between 2010 and 2014, the cost of pharmacy-related waste to the nation will top $1.2 trillion.
Happy Hump Day!!!! Looking forward to the weekend already :)
have a blessed day sexy
Got a message from a very important person in my life that deeeng near made my night
Newark, NJ, Mayor Cory Booker should run for president.
I cannot wait!! They really want u to go the same time we do so u can hang in our room Pheonician!! Or stay.. lol
we all have our story
Cover tonight at Kilroy's Sports is only $5 per 2 people. Once you're in, everything is half off!
I can tell If I like the song 2 seconds in <<<dabeat>>>>>>
My mom "sex hurts tiara right?!"...me no not really its kinda delightful! Mom face (⊙＿⊙)
RT : Kevin Na great in post-round presser. Funny. Self-deprecating. Says the pre-shot routine is as painful for him as us.
Bieber ? Princeton ?
looks like our Arthur Bryant's bet redux. See you in the sweet 16.
Is there a play??
#funny ;-) “: If you put down the hashtag, no one will get hurt ... I promise
1-5 are good, trying 6 for the first time now, 7-9 would constrain my time for the current 24hrs (but will attempt if necessary)
we're you able to find ?
Best time in Fay spending the day with my crazy blondes
Does anyone else gain 20 pounds in the target fitting rooms?
Ocean City for the night. Need to de-stress. Although one day isn't enough.
hey there!!!
and I think my sister has my phone charger so I will have to text u in the am k :)
yeah man he's a real good dude
The only difference between try and triumph is a little 'umph!'
cant wait
WTS GREAT WINTER SONGS Hot chocolate, a snowy window sill and 's "February" = a perfect winter combo.
I thinks its pretty
its just music that speaks to the soul,man...you gonna make it out to gwar tonight?
In the last months, we've seen Paul Bearer and Paul Heyman return to WWE. Who's next? Paul London? Paul Burchill perhaps?
Hey Don, I got a great one for the 4:00 Flashback! Remember Superdrag? That song "Sucked Out"? Can you play that? Thanks!
Listening to Kobe rap lol
Just enjoying that earlier. So damn good!
Good first day! Tired though...
#mywordoftheday Dedication // god, family, values, goals, education, charity
I lalalove raiding (or is it rating? Whatever haha.) Ate Mariel's closet!
Thanks so much! We're glad you're digging the print guide!
thats how it is when u down & out but that nigga should take that as motivation(motivational fuel) then rise up out that shit on they ass
fav rut buster. Take the boy to the local community pool and let him splash till he is laughed out.
With my boy ross and and gina its good to find out the truth about someone
ha!! That's not what told me
What's up!
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn’t happen today. – Laurence J. Peter.
Fresh. I love that.
On the way to the bookstore to take a few loads in my hole.
My face is sunburnt from the #brewers game today. I'll blame the headache & dehydration on that...
For some reason, my nose decided it smells manly in my house. Went sniffing for the source to find mum frying bacon. Afterall, bacon=manly.
Instead of brushing my teeth, I just put Listerine in all my drinks.
then NBA players should build Olympic play/pay into their shoe contracts. It is 'free' exposure for them and Co.
Encouragement for the Day: Don't be afraid of your potential & Never apologize for being talented
Just got out of practice.
yes,come to milwaukee!!!!
Spiderman reeve carney just swung through the door at letterman w his fellow castmates. Taller than I thought
were being so lazy because we are full o:
Anonymous asked: and you’re the one who can tell Justin what to do? you’re only jealous of him because hes...
she's a stud
It's just that the bottoms of muffins are SO much worse than the tops, you know?
Come by Booth 1877 and get your $100 Golf Travel Gift Cards from My Golf Concierge and Girlfriends Golf Getaway!!! Booth 1877
We prefer the West Coast for the National Parks and scenic wise but the East coast has some great cities. What are you into?
#Promorrow. Prom tomorrow!!!!!. :)
Dear dad- what's a good face tattoo to get if u suffer from adult acne?
My preceptor is the best
This has been a really good day since earlier this morning and it keeps getting better.
dunno what to expect
Be your self. Be your self. Be your self. Be your self. Be your self.
Did you know that when you donate your unwanted craft materials to Small Craft, you can get a discount on taking a future workshop?
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW PLEASE BEFORE I SLEEP ;[ PLEASE ! <3
Just read "Beloved" by Toni Morrison - loved it. Stay tuned for an exhibit from the Archives on banned books we have.
request for photos in #SF #manhattanbeach #BeverlyHills #dallas #NYC exist. Check to see if requests are near you. Earn $ for your efforts.
Dead mouse ar xs tomorrow nite, do u have a table setup?
Really? Who came up w this? Becca's right, absurd.
is working on a home page a website. What is everyone working on today?
Thanks for keeping us posted. Please let me know the KTRU news as it breaks.
you cannot talk about anonymous w/out discussing slaughter. If you don't want to address it, at least acknowledge your reason
What's the Brain Bang? (:
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong. Oscar Wilde (1854 - 1900)
In class talking to David and Johna. I'm gonna miss them when we leave here.
you inspire me ms. shea :P PS THANKS FOR NOT VISITING ME WHEN YOU CAME TO UMW
Atleast I learn from my mistakes n moved on in life I am not like them lol defiantly not
Thank you for spreading the word and dishing out some mad love. Saving lives = good karma all around.
I KNOWW IT SUCKS.!!!
ah okay intresting story .. :) okay its 4:22 in the morning here, i've 2 sleep right now :D ..
I haven't tweeted in forever! Time to start again 👍
RT : Free concert tomorrow with starting :30am!! Come dance the morning away!!
Your losing when your girlfriend prioritizes twitter browsing over you.....
is throwing away the work sheets. They are counter-productive. We learned more math making choc chip muffins this morning.
On the phone forever
YGE BWEN todays alerts both are starting to move great swing trades
son how?? hahaha
She said she miss the old me.. Girl don't tempt me..
LOL They probably are but they crack me up like no other!
I took my entire offense aside this morning and assured them that I am the genius I know I am.
No ETT21 today -- We'll be back next week. Thanks!
Horse-riding joke part 2: Check. Now to go from 8 minutes of funny stuff to a solid 5 minutes of constant hilariousness!
Will you dance with me ?
Contemplation is the distant cousin of action...
When I graduated in '01, the DotCom bubble had just burst, then post-9/11 recession; now Great Recession. Now this?
You guys are amazing!
Boston radio is bad
elle varner is bad
A panel about making a mark in Charlotte and there is beer involved? Yes please @
Heading into the audition... !!!!
Echoed from NDWFD Station 52 'Carderock' via : Coolest app around
Thanks for spreading the word! I hope you can make it.
i like ur tweets abotu how to treat a gurl cause they r all true!!! <3 lolz (; follow me
Cereal :D
Some ppl never learn. Any further effort to tell them to stop will reset the counter & they think it's hope.
Never underestimate the power of a little challenge. This month I proved I could ride to work every day, and anywhere else.
This : Here's where we'll have to agree to disagree: I don't call a ball getting chopped out of a guy's hands by a DB a "drop."
On the way to the airport, Miami here we come :)
I would go to jail if it meant that the Suns would benefit from this.
Girls are so ridiculously petty.
when will you be arriving in Chicago for your event in Schaumburg?
62 days until graduation
Going into the Arnold Schoenberg exhibit, I checked my bag in locker number . . . 12 of course!
Follow the team, its more than a dream!!!
just added the app!! Nice.
if M5 would have started singing "Brian Wilson"...now that would've been worth watching.
Thanks for the RT!
I only saw the replay of it. Caught the last 7 mins of the game.
Damn. Little guy has the moves.
Trying to experience the abundant life
hi there :) No I'm not, I just looked for people with similar health- conscious bios to my own.
I just sent you a message on your website. I hope you are interested. Thanks.
GIRL! Talk about a crazy ass weekend and that to start of monday...I feel like I want to hide under a blanket.
Yes it is - how is blogtv looking?
Didn't even realize it happened but yayyyy!
Congrats! That's awesome!
I've never heard someone say thank you like that.
wait a minute? So all that money & huffing about the cancer boxes and they still can't detect an underwear bomb?
I forgot: if Newt were in the time of Leviticus, he could have 3 wives. Nothing wrong w/ polygamy back then.
oh ya haha HEY!! I totally forgot ha:) sorry, so.... What's goin on?!
it's finally on iTunes!! Excuse me while I go beg my parents to get me an iTunes card so I can go buy it!!!
We have an immediate opening for a copier technician. Please call to set up an interview 303-778-0600 - Sal Gamez or .
Game 3: OKC taking the mavs behind the shed Game 4: OKC pulling the trigger to end their season #SpursNation!! FTM!!!
Where is attrt
I did not yet..
#IThankGod for my family and friends + Everything I have (:
What did you lose??
Another lazy day
Whoa, I have 204 followers.
no tv, use my MAC and Eyetv.
what if they don't have to remove their clothes but make a conscious decision to do so?
Thanks for hooking me up. I'm ready to be an active participant. :)
WORD! RT "Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something." H. Jackson Brown Jr.
I'm checking out the new sounds of AM & Shawn Lee, and Fool's Gold at Mercury lounge tonight.
hey, is your dad Al?
for following Harmon Design. Uncustomary Design | Custom Made Best wishes for networking success!
Fishers resident who wants to elect a Mayor? Follow
son as I get home I'll make it up to you :-*
I miss you shay!
Thank you to all our soldiers and veterans for their sacrifice
Hey what part of Dallas are you in?
Yes. It is true. I was just bit by a #mosquito in my kitchen. #MN spring is officially here.
The most difficult task but the most rewarding because once we know who we are,we'd realize we are only fighting against our fears
what is your favorite fashion accessory?
lousiville cheerleading is my all time dream! hands down favorite team! congrats (:
Today must be mental day seeing that my mom and sister are both being psychos.
i think u should put a video oon youtube tellin wat mb like in a girl and like funny moments
lol heck yea they gone get worst
where's your favorite place to get pho? I've been on the hunt lately!
Music just ain't listening its understanding What your listening to
School libraries contribute to student achievement above & beyond test scores: life long learning; digital cit'ship career skills,
I'm so happy that God has blessed you with your own show. You have a wonderful spirit. Congrats I'll be watching.
Kinda mest up But I Tried my best ! :)
not only does it not take Courage to make false promises. Some would call it spineless. Get real ,)
*checked out <---can't speak English.
How about former Tar Heel and GMU assistant Scott Cherry for that job? Always enjoy your tweets by the way.
Aww Thank you for the kind words-It is just typing. BUT I am having a hard time seeing the words! Ugh! Might have to give up for AM
mw3 demo is one of the worst game types in COD history.
Go find me on myspace HunterSETH!!!
I thought you hated balls.
RT : It's funny how "Lights" by Ellie Goulding is new to some people...
You should press charges on that individual who threw flour on you. People shouldn't think that they can get away with that!!
I didn't tear up at My Old Kentucky Home, but I did when I saw Anthony Davis.
Beautiful waxing crescent moon w/ earthshine tonight.
Hell is where the police are German, mechanics are French, cooks are British, the lovers are Swiss, and it's all organized by the Italians!
wa only 3 hrs of sleep but still awake!! hehe
Wow! What happened to Public Enemy? They used to be one of the best live hip-hop acts.
Sixty-eight percent of a #HostessTwinkie is air. Now that's some good air time.
Sorry, Madison area teams only.
Three and a half shopping days until Christmas! What's still left on your C&B wishlist???
": “: WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL IS ON KDWB THANK YOU ” welcome!! #1DKDWB"
I was thinking more about the D-Will for Carmelo proposal and the comment re: D-Will's time in Utah.
Bitch I'm a pimp... Ofcourse I was only around 4 the money
I'm telling you man, 'short' the stock in 2 weeks.
Aww damn. It's been a while since I tweeted...
quality twitter time ;) missed you too! : Missed my training session today with !!
Smile to SOLVE problems, & Silence to AVOID problems .
Thanks for the shoutout for 's comic project. What he's raised so far will help so much in getting it started!
haha, do you know if we have a quiz over Brave New World tomorrow too?
Some work days are longer than others...feels good to be home.
Welcome to Twitter! I still don't know what the hell I'm doing! Lol.
At least from our firm will be there
Thank you! Looking forward to hearing Claire! I think she's got a bright future :)
No problem at all man! If it's cool, I'll be sending a LinkedIn invite sometime this week. cc
single swaging:) #like a boss :)
congrats, you've got a great little app there!
thanks... A bit awkward, but it makes me smile.
Get 30% off and free shipping from Ann Taylor Loft using code FRIENDS30 at checkout
I just saw right behind Pauly D!!
what class do you teach at USD?
to be fair, that Fox interview is fire.
Maybe I get to clingy or just need to fall back
My boys r washing my truck on this beautiful Saturday!
sounds exciting!
Danger Snack Does....Chicago!!! Tonight! Help us get to the Chicago Improv Fest. 1030pm Loft Roger Waters, Van Halen and bake sale!
What do you mean what do you mean?
I'm so proud of Austin(';
Idc if you don't like me , I'm not here to be liked & I'm not here to please you. So hop off & get off my bra strap please
HAHAHAHA my cousin went to prom and his date got wasted and ditched him. Aw. What a slut.
Hey I only need 2 more followers till I have 600 please help me out!
has a new-found appreciation for Bluegrass
Earthquake in Chicago. Seriously?
Ismay: "You cannot judge #Churchill by ordinary standards. He is not like anyone you or I have ever met. He is a master of contradictions"
Victoria, here we come!
it is most certainly that haha
wish your mom a happy mothers day because of her, you're here, and I'm thankful for you. Please! <3
#guardiola to #manutd! Start the rumor! “: I blame the people who invented #champ20ns and #t20phy for jinxing us”
Bwahahahahahaa wow. Wow. You're adorable. Happy travels home!
Gay straight alliance
#iwillneverforget how much women and girls love finding treasures when they swap closets
Thanks for all that you do for the Twitter #JAZZ Community : }
Great webinar with Alan and Kevin on new facebook timeline
got my hair trimmed yest. luckily even tho my face is fatter than last time i got it cut it doesnt look as bas the last time :)
I know folks and NGOs in Dakar and Mbour, Senegal. Tell me more....
Oh, how could this happen? I loved that place.
The bus came early & it was raining, wasn't my fault
I AM!!! PLEASE FOLLOW ME
good computer back up if you need one: mozy.com
you can always chirp Don Cherry ;)
Additional #thatcamptx props to and (whose Twitter names I just learned). Thanks for a really great experience!
Tuesday Night Live is YOUR CHANCE to be funny on a live comedy stage! Email to sign up!
Fantastic, look forward to having you in! You can check out our new menu on FB.
Haven't seen a negative comment about The Avengers. Forget the box-office, that's a huge milestone in itself.
a clear sense of direction? ba-dum-cha! sorry :(
Swept Away by a Slight Breeze; Pride and Irrational Dislike
News of Bin Laden death last night produced an average of 5100 tweets per second.
'The Woman In Black' Is the Most Successful British Horror Film in 20 Years - Hollywood Reporter
I love that there is such a thing as the 'Apostrophe Protection Society.'
I'm way too busy to be going to a conference next week. Yay for multitasking!
That was so Tony Gwynn of Tony Gwynn
maybe today?
Beautiful lies, but your beautiful eyes through your beautiful smile, got my heart broken into pieces.
Philadelphia Eagles 2012 Schedule - Yahoo! Sports
Way to be a douche
wish I were @
Mr. itgirl thinks he knows things. He does not.
1 more final & then I am done for the semester. Too bad it is for the class I strongly dislike. On the plus side, after 9pm I am all done!
this girl that sits at my table, no one even likes her lmao
I love you your a beautiful creature and I love your voice
March 30th and It's snowing outside my window here in Rochester,NY Haha welcome to spring in upstate NY...
Just woke up on the couch really confused. Must of passed out after using all of my brain power to soak up soccer knowledge.
Very interesting, thx for sharing! democracy in schools makes a lot of sense.
Was taught not to tell jokes with my mouth full“: make sure he tells lots of jokes”
those things had me gone
Here here!
"Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass. It's about learning to dance in the rain."
SNEAK PEEK, YOU IDIOT.
I didnt see you ask that sorry
Greatest sequel ever made-Godfather Part II
man. those guys are still around? awesome.
Woohoo - we're going to get back to racing yet! #daytona500 officials order drivers back to their cars. Let's giterdone!
#NGTakeAway: Caption is important! Sometimes it's the story behind/outside that draws people in. Always accompany your photo with words.
time to get ready for work now...
um why do you think silly
Texas Rangers are gonna win tonight!!! Champions
:) excited for our polish party tomorrow
pshh thank you :) YOU TOO! did you know you're the only member of that follows me? thats why you're my favorite!
Lool to that dessert?, you crazy
Disagree. #Caps have as much young talent (along with this years draft) as any other SE team. As long as they can keep making..
Merry Christmas Everyone! Xoxoxo
Child services should've been waiting by the exit to claim all the toddlers who were brought to Paranormal 3 by their shitty, shitty parents
just blew up the Internet... and we're back.
You rock!!!
we could share it. You get it during the day and I'll have it at night!
hi Love.
: Avid genealogist?
I'm tired and nauseous all the time :/
RT : 10news: 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' Policy Ends Tuesday: Hundreds of people on Monday celebrated the final... bit.ly/ouy22M
if i'm watching Morgan wrap the presents does that count as helping or not? lol...
We are in it together!!One town goes down...or radiaoactive..there goes our real estate values!! CA Economy at stake.
yea I know.
Yesterday will be on Pennsylvania imradio.com @ 3:49 today!!
Thanks to everyone for their love on the Mike Eden piece. His inspiration will help us mark a new day in the collective fight!
you fuckers stay away from stephin hill and alshon jeffery
Disagree to a certain degree. I get some awesome checkin deals and some deals with my integrated AMEX card.
ty for all your amazing support!
Unfortunately I hit my follow limit. Followers tell your friends to follow us! There are so many more I want to follow!!
I didn't feel no shaking... Wait... Maybe cause I'm to drunk! Lol!
Oh, so close and yet so far away. Sorry (we do have Trust jobs that don't have that requirement).
The best works are those that teach us how to see - or, at the very least, how to see anew.
PS: I still own and enjoy a 7 inch Droid tablet. It's decent 4 what I use it for. Books and Web browsing.
#DontYouHateWhen U call ur ex to check on the kids an she never picks up the phone
... That comment is a perfect conversation starter... For a girls night out!
Espn is terrible
looking for inspiration at the Wisconsin Women Leaders Conference
And I dominated in a game of basketball. Lol jk, we lost.
lol my last count was 296 pair. M oh I got some sexy ones hehe
I take more pictures smiling cause ppl say I have a beautiful smile : )
Who is up Mt. Washington .. I got an hour to kill ...
Damn you!!! Well I didn't really care after Colton left
The teams in the Super Bowl = Lame Sauce. But I'm determined to make the game day awesome by winning a pool :)
I love when I find #pineneedles in my scarves. Go Natalie.
Working 11-5. Taking my break now. Only 2 hours left of actually working! Which is good cause Im starving!
“Refrain from anger and turn from wrath; do not fret—it leads only to evil.” -Psalm 37:8
tryna stay out the way and do what needs to be done . Hbu ?
To quote a good friend of mine, MATT BARNES
So you send text messages with your bored? Some people take naps
Shout outs????? RT or Favorite :)
sorry... because i don't appreciate you like i should... :/
Yeah, screwed. Not so fashionable or functional. Gotta get my spare pair fixed mañana. Phuck…
I predict a Dem PAC will fund a Ross-Perot-type 3rd party to cut into #GOP votes. Don't be fooled America. Stay with #GOP to save
hello dailybooth hello
LTE-Capable Windows Phones Should Ship In The First Half Of 2012
Side Effects of Black Pussy: May cause sleepiness, child support, and distraction from goals. Please consult a doctor before over-indulging.
Project Runway winner Seth Aaron Henderson shows off his new solar-inspired clothing line on at 4p! cc:
So...I love when Pitbull says 'uh YES,' for the 3rd time in Dance Again.
I'm getting real tired this.
Please say yes! l - you have about another 90ms to decide if you want to come on and debate with me tonight. Your call.
can you help my friend ? Looking for gluten free beer spots for
amen brotha man!
Grandmother my words could never replace you could never ease the pain of your passing I need you miss you and love you ill see you again RW
craft and commerce. 515
Isn't it though? Course she was just "Miz Betts" to me then!
According to this nice text I got, I just won a $1,000 Gift Card.
hey you two! Miss you guys bunches.
What Version of Windows will run on the toilet and is it upgradeable?
Tim lincecum's fastball velocity has been steadily declining. Today he's 89-91. And getting rocked.
Ahh glad to be back home in #Lacey after a wonderful weekend in #portland with the #family !
I love the sound of my printer printing.
I really wanna join the navy.
ah idk? :o
opposition trend
I'm officially ready for the blonde ambition tour
Ooh hell no.. this anit working
Ditto! My friend just commented she didn't realize how #SPN obsessed I was until she saw my twitter feed.
Having a nice cup of magic coffee
Photographed a dude today squating 1200 lbs with blood spewing out his nose
Agreed but I still think museum ed people should be involved. it's not all about the comments
RT : Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.~ Demosthenes
People... PLEASE get over this Bruce Harper kid.. Stealing home is not like hitting a grand slam in the world series!!
yes she'll be o.k. The little guy not so much. Had problems w/ current size, not enough attn. from teacher, frustrating 4 both.
Raiders now cut lead now 24-16. FG attempt. Chargers on top.
Happy Friday Twitter. Can't wait to relax all weekend.
I was just about to brag about my #perfectbracket to this point...and then I saw UConn is getting spanked.
Heading to ladies night tonight at . Half priced wine bottles is for guys too.
I do not “get” ideas; ideas get me ~ Robertson Davies
#getting annoyed
Life seems so much easier to handle after a few shots.
I would love to be a pirate.. rich and on the open ocean lol
"What do they have for lunch at Monster School?Human beans, boiled legs, pickled bunions and eyes-cream."
whats good son
thats what im saying.....they dont look like they came to win. N my boy Griffin inly good fa dunkin tho...idk! Smh
it's online. I guess I can watch it.
Thanks AA for the in flight wi fi... Destination: Panama City!
hahahah. Of course. Honey badger stylin
Just learned the term "transactional advertising"
pretty much.
Thanks so much for the mention!
If you're wondering why I'm tweeting about candy so much it's cause there's a huge candy bowl in front of me at the salon & I have no will
A massage would be niiiccee 😊
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it. Confucius
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible. ~ Doug Larson
Got the mobile activated. (taptaptap) Is this thing on? Can anyone hear us?
AH THAT'S SO STINKIN' COOL!!!
What's the story Wishbone?
I've been checking out Viewpoint with interest. Do you know the Platypus Affiliated Society at all? we should intersect
Thanks for the RT Dave!
I dont mind spending everyday, at your corner in the pouring rain .
Miss ya all too! ;) Can't wait to see you!!! You all Rock! Make my life awesome~!
Is on Spring Break!
Some people just look like aliens
Rock star #branding tip: Any media coverage of your industry is an opportunity to tell your story.
RT : Make yourself valuable to someone! ~ GOOD MORNING
I was just bawling my eyes out and Alibi and 100 Suns came on my iPhone and 's voice cheered me up. Thank you so much Jared!!!!
though perhaps looks best when paired with Nick Johnson's mustache
THESE ARE NOT NEW WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT
I agree it's so stuipd
A writer should never use the phrase "Words cannot express..." It ranks among the silliest, most impotent ironies.
Oh yeah! How could I forget #DerbyDay ?!? Guess I'm having 2 drinks tonight lol #leftmybighatathome :(
Happy Mother's Day to all you hard-working, wine-drinking moms out there!
#magicjack are gonna be might blue after the sky is done with them. Go
my bottles of water too. Yehudah needs to train them RT : Ok, tsa- u can keep my sunglasses. Wear them in good health
that moment when you need to pee so badly, but don't want to go 'cause you're having a great conversation with a cutie c:
No Worries Ms. Pauline :)
S/o to What's been good bruh?!
This is a scary movie I'm in, but I do it for my folk who genuinely want me to win.
I'm Looking For Somebody With A Nerly Perfect Body, Pretty Smile And Some Tats Where Ya At Where Ya At *Babydoll's Voice*
2012, the year of ! #FF to some cool ppl making it happen Fwd!
I love unique ppl be different do different things dont do alike
I'm really tempted to say fck work and just not go. Sighh. But then I think about that NEW car I want before summer gets over.. Sigh
Someone should paint this. :-)
NO deserved it. I call shenanigans.
. Drat!; just got on Instagram. Wonder how long after #Facebook buys #Instagram it has a time line format also?
So thirsty bit don't want to yet up
Shaun Connolly says hello
today i dont feel like doing anything nothing at all
Great to see you (last weekend) too! Your kiddos are just adorable. Hope you found lots of good stuff at the fair!
finally getting my truck back soon
ok. Then what am I doing?
it'll all be over soon... :)
highly doubt it's at family video
#MyFavoriteTravisPorterSong feet ball
The most depressing progression of a retail space: a closed-down Halloween Adventure store in a closed-down Borders store.
SA peeps, meet me at Sushi Time tonight to drink for charity. 4553 N. Loop 1604 W. Ste.1101... See you there. :-)
no problem. I am in! We should wangle as well...
I've had this migraine for four days now... It keeps coming and going. #:'(
Today in 2006 47-1/2 year old Julio Franco of the #Mets became the oldest player in #MLB history to hit a HR.
happy B-Day pretty girl!! Xoxoxo
More poets are letting the degradation of nature to enter their work..
haha its fine :)
why is it crackheads, inbreeders and ghetto ass people talk so damn loudly about their drama in public places? Shut the hell up up losers!
thanks, buddy! :)
haha really? I thought it was ok haah I'll try to make it more fun next time :D and your welcome:)
All things are difficult before they are easy. -Thomas Fuller
QuickPlaySport is at the Grass Roots LIVE show at the NEC all weekend, come and see us on stand 560
in your dreams mister
my favorite avenger is the Iron Man.
#InMiddleSchool I hated my life.
I had a great tough love LoL teacher last night. "You can't jungle with that." "But I read..." "You can, but *you* can't."
"What the hell is a feel good movie? All movies are feel good...except for Schindler's List."
#ClassicAlbumSundays tonite in Williamsburg #Brooklyn. Blood on the Tracks.
I don't mind crowded but metro + crowds = I'll let others run this one :)
cool. Will look for you at the break.
You are very welcome! Make sure to grab 's album on iTunes and let us know what you think! Spread the word!
I often hear ppl suggest that sustaining a true dialogue w/the community via Twitter is impossible. I wholeheartedly disagree!
Good Morning to you also. Yes, #FLYEREDUP over here. Cant wait till 3.
A Little OldSkool Treat... Chevy's Fresh Mex!! Fajitas! Get in My Belay!! :p
hard work. But very rewarding.
Me and my boy go back like white on white K-Swiss and Duckhead khakis!
do you know what part of florida!?
Chapter 2012 Page 79 of 366 Our "great" business ideas are only as good as the consumer demand we can create.
Sweet Sixteen was >..... See ya in CATlanta! iu RT ": Indiana ---oh wait.. Ran scared."
Tater tots will surely fill the position for yous ;D
TY! RT : #FF We specialize in tradeshow and event transportation, logistics, freight, & warehousing and...
mahalo! From Seattle!
So Facebook buys Instagram, AT&T sells the Yellow Pages, and Blackberry is sitting in the corner crying.
47% of rural students live in poverty in GA. To help - effective teachers, pathways to grad/econ dev and tech to connect teachers/students.
amen to THAT!
Crawford here to stay, Varitek, Wakefield more difficult. A complicated issue - Peter Abraham #
OMG. I thought it was supposed to be spring.. not winter. I'm freezing!
It's about to for down. $mokeCLOUDS
"Let Me In" and "Red" were two recent favs. Looking fwd to seeing the end of Dexter S4 (although it's already spoiled) :(
We are here to evolve n grow. We are here to discover who we are. We are here to transform our surroundings in keeping with who we really r
Current number of Beatles songs downloaded: 96.
The next best thing to being clever is being able to quote someone who is. ~ Mary Pettibone Poole
I see you've downloaded Draw Something.
Looking forward to having you join us on Thursday. I have so many questions. I'll try not to hog the conversation from others.
Exit polls showing again tonight that ECONOMY is biggest issue among public. Why does local new media ignore it so much then?
I understand lol
She's calling on libraries to preserve researcher-created special collections. IMO: important, but *very* technically tough.
has joined Stryve as a Network Partner! Check out our new Organizational Effectiveness Forum featuring Tammy Erickson...
hell yes he is. i celebrate his entire catalog...and I like riding night trains too.
Now that I can access your column :-) title is misleading,and it feels like you're arguing against several straw people. 1/2
I don't think there's a separate schedule for this; I think they're writing it into the agency schedules.
Colin Clark suspended 3 games for homophobic comment. Homophobia or racism is a disgrace to the sport, league, and beautiful game.
Thats crazy i was just singing this RT : #np 112 - its over now
#TheVoice viewing party tonight in warrendale! Win a trip to see the season finale with
Ron artest out barnes out banks starting. Lakers in trouble maybe?
Think I may have to read the
Y'all just now seeing my Avatar Of me & ?
Well TwitterPeeps, reviewing d Oscars with you was a blast!!! #GoodNight.... #DreamBig ;)))
Finally a day to go big! Some networking and some 85 mill tube pulls.
Love how the cubs are beating the cards 4-0!!
Hmu sometime! We better party together this summer 👍🎉😃
(squealing with excitement) Oh, I just discovered it and it's oh so much fun. Finally a place to share my quality nonsense.
it takes less letters to define the word than the word itself. Yup, I think you nailed it hammer.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. Robert Frost (1874 - 1963)
Don't miss THE MEN tomorrow it is an EARLY SHOW!!! We play first.
I was going to say that one too! With the crab. M<333
getting ready for work luvy
great job #kellyclarkson!!!
#GWAS or run out of Jergens
I wish Thanksgiving Day was closer. I'm hungry.
Jumping in - the reason I use agile for qual is cause estimates are hard. Sprint reflections have helped tons w/ that.
His ability to chew silently won him the coveted Reuben award.
S/O to my 420th follower: LOL.
It does for all functions, except certain linear algebra functions (e.g. those lin alg fns req pro). Which function did you try?
I seriously wish I was the neighbor on the other side.
Did you hear that drivers? Danica wants you in a nice straight line next time.
boyyyfrieeeeeend video, I need you, NOW!
Yes, Hello! This Is Osbourne Cox.
*Almost* bailed on my workout today. So happy I got off my butt and did it.
Look at every path closely ...... then ask yourself one question: Does this path have a heart? ~Castaneda via
Still plugging along. These Hollywood people are slow to the party!
thank u for the invitation! let us know the details.
I haven't seen this. Thanks for sharing.
pacos is open today 1130-230, and 5-1000.....enough with the turkey, come and get some nachos!
getting my passport renewed asap for the wedding
"City Where I'm From"... #amazing Keep doing work cause I can see it on your beats man!
not as lucky as I would've liked too...but there is always today ;-)
Loool my friend said i like your hair its a hot mess like hot not cold lol
go get it!!
I'm most likely about to be in seattle next week. Like friday
You can learn something from every single soul you meet, even if that one thing is how not to be
Psshh I'm about to workout since i have nothing to do this morning
Klout believes I'm influential in: Porto, Barcelona, and Chelsea... moreso than I am for Benfica and Real Madrid. And MUFC.
i did
What albums are you looking forward to releasing this year?
we need to win! fuck a draw!
things are going great.
Normally, doesn't make mistakes. :) We've noticed that too!
Im gunna start school friday
keep up the #momentum .
Threshold of low-income families increased in Guangzhou | Where ...
right...tho wasn't until that night that I realized just how overrated Page truly is
Not until it happens and I don't screw it up!
The Japanese mobile platform reminds me of 1995.
thanks! Never used it before so I will give it a try
hookers and meth. Always a good way to kill a day ;)
nothin to do......so bored
The waste basket is the writer's best friend.
SOME PPL WILL STEAL THE STINK OUTTA POOP! damn stop being a thieving mooching ass bum and go get a job shheeesshhh
Would love too! I'll bring my floppy hat and we can work/drink in the yard!
For the man who sleeps on the floor, cant fall out the bed.! Hahaha
we mite b late 4 church ray want 2 come but he get off @ 11:30am
haha, were you able to keep all of them separate? :)
what vet do you go to? I hope she got an ear full!
That'll do, pig.
Oh interesting option re: Schwab. Thanks for the tip!
Not feeling good :/
Took a nice shower now I'm about to call it a night with my bestie on the phone ! We have a convo to get too. Good Night
2.) I love to meet new people and see new things and be outgoing
When it's time to get paid
Hoping the cats haven't destroyed the house while I've been gone.
Awkward Moment When Asked "HOW WAS IT" It Was The Worse Expierence N My Life. U Can't Suck Good D*ck & YO PU$$Y FELT LIKE AN SAND BAG
Somebody seems even more excited than me... Does someone need to bust a move??
Thinking about that robin that sat about 10 ft away from me while I was at Spaulding/Grand, and watched four Metras with me...
dude. you can have all my buttered popcorn jellybellies if you save me the licorice ones. tradesies.
Huh..goodnight.
Cigarette after sex - amazing!!! :p
That was a LONG decade for true Prince heads.
Not sure... gentlemen?
Any1 that knows me would know i operate onn an average 28-35 hrs of sleep a week! Err'week
I wish the water parks were open!! I would love to go swimming!!
Who else is attending the in August? We will be presenting there on some of our findings as well as at ASA, SSSP and ABS.
getting really bored about now.
Carl Malamud #dpla Deploy the internet Corps of Engineers - 10-year, public-works scanning project
i just had a weird/crummy day!
I covet your new fridge. It looks like it would be great for storing Dove ice cream bars, Pinot Grigio and kalamata olives.
My day ends at 4, and it's #Sweet16 weekend…which means sweats & hoops are the only thing on the agenda!
All clear! Moving back to our desks and regularly scheduled lives...
whoa, whoa! exciting! details?
follow me please? :)
“: Matusow just said that the FTP owners were some of the cheapest people alive? Really?” He is crashing and burning this interview.
Kinda cool that the #GoldenGlobes happens like 10 minutes away
where is the unsubscribe button for this twitter thread?
My part of the world. Have a good travel day.
Listening to archival tape of Walt Bodine. Excellent stuff. You can hear it, too. It's on #KCUR right now. Thanks!
wat topics did u write ur essay about?
Tonight's #renoaces #pressboxfood update: tamales.
be safe!! Hunker down!!
check email
Thanks for the shout-out! We're pretty excited about it.
loving the tweeting crew. Thank you!
Publishers prefer Word 2004? Wow! I would have thought the XML-based document format would appeal to them.
#GrizzNation all day
: hit me directly.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable. Go Egypt!
Plus Walker tries to pretend that he was never Milwaukee County Executive....trashing it for all those years.
My late night adventures consist of movies, reading comics, writing, gaming if I'm not tired an listening to podcasts. I'll be sleep soon
You're fucking weird and straight creeping.
I'm assuming that changed your life forever?
Dang I'm tired but I really wanna do something tonight.
Seeing the light at the end of the tunnel, and wow . . . it is beautiful!
Some people are just really pathetic smh lol
Tomorrow is the big day! Be sure to check this space tomorrow, 3/1, for exciting Food Genius news!
"the discovery of new talent is a continuing delight." ~ Dick Wolf, Producer Law & Order at the Artios Awards.
mine and all of #BBN are crossed with ya!
Hey LA! is speaking at 7:30 at the #Saban Theater Tonight! She is amazing, come join if you can!!!
Respect goes a long way
Word! RT Got the chick at the store to download 's awesome iPhone #app! #theshirtisworking, guys!
So yall my bday is Friday
are you in AP?!
brad beal is a dawg! he had 21 points with 8 boards. another possible option for the cavs.
Hey - great segment on - picked up latest issue yesterday and LOVED it! Thx for spotlight on beauty of South
That's gotta be rough knowing you're responsible for a loss of life...
lol.. Give me a month or 2 I need detox :)
What are you going to monitor differently?
I'm so bored right now.... I wish I coul talk to my favorite person. <3
no one in general
Just met Michelle. Obama. Elegant woman.
NEW AVI FINALLY >>>>>
I wanna pull a good joke on someone
Happy Birthday, Elvis! Will attempt to eat a peanut butter, bacon and banana sandwich in your honour.;)
You were grubbing hard on those snacks last night
John Madden gives hope to all of us out of shape ex-hockey players.
well thank you :)
Congrats on doing well on the GMAT!
i should just do homework since i'm not doing crap
We love our Brothers! RUSH STARTS TUESDAY! GET PSYCHED! Many updates with the rush schedule to come!
thanks Ashley! I'm gonna do that right now! 💜
:-) $10 says the moderator is too! “: Being on a conference call, would make me feel grown up, except for the fact that ...”
"Aw you know it's gonna be good!"
Is it bad tht its 830 & im ready to go to bed? Smh
So Ima watching the News nd find out its raining Wednesday
I'm sleepy and it's too early to go to bed.....too much to do.....
my head is still hurting from those french braids but i do look good so i can take the pain
Swag is for boys...gentleman have class
I understand being upset sometimes, but having a bad attitude everyday isn't cute
oh no, that sucks, I hope you get the house all fixed, flooding is never good
So beyond pissed! Im glad my last name not Maddox... Stingy MF`s
"If you're not crazy then you're fucking crazy because everyone is crazy." Life through the mind of Christian Gonzalez
Follow 's very own MAXIM model !
I dig his outfits, always so well dressed and classy (;
no big sonar activities nearby I hope.
"Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it." Miguel de Cervantes
My heart is slowly breaking:'( make it better? :'(
Dang, we gonna YOLO this Sunday at the Drake Concert. Ops my bad, some of us will JOLO there too. LOL
Don't see how people are content with doing nothing their entire lives..
6 days till spring ball!
It looks GREAT. I look forward to meeting you!!
THX for your tweet. I love the man who raised me...Because he was the father to me that he DIDNT have to be.
Mays a good month! Floyd gonna make me bread saturday! My baby born day! gonna slay This hook and bridge tues. Mixtape done!
thanks for everything today! You guys rock!
Ohh that's why you got it? That cop must went around the block like three times before you went down, he was just a dick
Yesterday we met with our friend Steve to discuss restaurant finance & what makes restaurants really succeed. It was awesome!
It's screaming RT It flourishes RT : Is it just me or you can read some people's insecurity on here?”
Amen RT : Businesses need to stop spending time thinking they're in war w competition.Think about consumer instead.
Oh, you read it on Facebook?! Damn, it must be true then.
great to hear from you!
Commission breaks for lunch. Will resume at 1pm.
This bitch gon get fuuuucked up.
Man karma's a bitch
This is only #Game1 yall #Lakers ain't gon keep letting it go down like this...
Is tis something publicly available? Would love to read it too.
Have you seen Young Adult? It stars Charlize Theron. I heard it's pretty good.
great job on the Science of Redesign
I'm not sure. My point is that it's easy to check.. you could tell some sort of story about elegance that might account for this
All the characters on The Walking Dead were dead to me a long time ago.
I suppose I should be thankful for the sleep I DO get.
My mom and i saw driving home. Mum thinks youre the cutest god damned thing.
I've gone from the days of an APPLE IIGS to a Macbook Pro. Thanks Mr. Jobs.
Goat-napping in SE Portland - we have the hilarious video of police officer loading goat into back of cruiser.
Exactly. I think this time around, the issue is timing. What worked at Norwich is definitely different from what works here.
rofl you know i follow you right! im just kidding you know im mexican right :D
We're still fighting for survival, and every day getting the rug pulled out from under us, Nungesser says along the way
Artichokes can protect you from skin cancer & promote a healthy liver-minus the mayo, of course…
An you still aint Learn ! Smh *sigh*
the best photo of you out there.
He'll be surprised by how nice it is if he just let's go and decides to enjoy it... ;-) May you both enjoy your time together!
lmao. So true.
What a week. Albert Pujols gets a ten-year deal, Rod Blagojevich gets fourteen.
lol, I just saw this! It could have been, it was just down the street from me! Loved it!
My goal is simple. It is a complete understanding of the universe, why it is as it is and why it exists at all.
Why not? They are winning Pulizers these days.
It is better than Hangover. It is refreshing to see funny women.
My last day off was April 4 :(
I am fairly certain that Kesha's entire persona is based off of the 2007 Britney Spears.
If your in Milwaukee get outside!!
havent lost ur wit to pregnancy. U crack me up. That girl is gonna have a run for her $ as a teen cc
that's beyond excellent. Congratulations!
Lightning in first place. Break then back on the field for championship game Goin all the way baby!
Finish this sentence: I feel most beautiful when I....
Australian Footballs and some official AFL apparel available from Aussie Sport Stuff...check us out!!!
#attentionwhores. Celebrate death of kids and soldiers that protect freedoms they take advantage of.
No matter fuckin what
RT : Diplomacy is not out of style. History has taught us that peace is stronger than war!
“: THE #LAKINGS HAVE DONE IT! THEY ARE MOVING ON TO THE WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS!” woo!
No, it's been pretty quiet for us. I'd like to play soon, I miss those guys.
whatever. Looking like anorexic pigeon toed chicken. Lol now what
I find it weird 9news was smart enough to keep Susie around but dumb enough to keep drew. Never met him, never want to.
We're excited you like ! Please send all media requests to Thnx
I hate shoulder days at the gym 👿
For instance, "Am I Not a Man and a Brother?", abolitionist medallion by Wedgwood
You came from a woman, you have no right to disrespect one.
RT : Writing Silver Anvil entry // an award-worthy campaign if there ever was one!
Tired of turkey? Come out this evening to support Friends of the Library at Potomac Pizza 4-9pm. Mention our name to help donate 20%!
~Chinese ProverbWe have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it .
Played some Alan Wake last night again. By the end of the game, it will have marked our 5th play through. We <3 Alan Wake.
I guess then at least #Jimmer would have a shot at a ring. Can arrange a trade including #JimmertoLA?
This is the "alarm bell." I foresee Japan saving itself sooner with concern/action, public policy, perhaps immigration--not tech.
Have you Shazamed anything lately?
Instead, he plays this stupid game, getting mad at the media for asking relevant questions. It's childish really.
:) Your welcome and thank you!
Not sure why I went to the mall today... I'm so frugal even the clearance rack isn't cheap enough. has spoiled me!
OMG, your in Wisconsin? I'm jealous.... here I am, doing my homework... and your at a hotel haha. What hotel?
RT : If someone doesn't show you the same love that you show them, this may be a big clue that you don't need them in your life.
Feel free to send over questions you'd like asked. RT : I'm so jealous right now
oh but i thik you know, man! we partied together! wink wink!
How many fingers can you get in your butthole? My record is 14.
I love getting feedback that I can use to improve the site, I want it to be a place you want to go, so any chance I can improve it- I will
Just seeing little kids dancing and smiling because they're enjoying your music is an amazing feeling... Love it :)
Philly should use that whole homeless hotspot idea... Would definitely be better than relying on Verizon
That ustream was madd short but it was oddee funny I was laughing the whole time lol:)
le sigh.
huh? You lost me...
Hey followers, how did you come to start following me (particularly you new folks, who can't be refollowing since I can't follow any more)?
lol ik the Bucks are bad tho. THIS is a surprise.
This is the SOundTrack to my Life.
Fuck monday...that is all
Me Too! I'm sure it'll be a blast! I hope you make it! :)
please help me spread the word about missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. last seen saturday on water street.
they were so good.
I HATE facebok, i dont want a social network 2 talk to people that I already know, I want 2 friend people i totally dont know & make New 1
Hey how are you?!
Sports are cruel. Very sad to see Hines go.
Everyone please give some time to give a hope or prayer to our lead guitarist Carson, he was in a bad car accident today.
One could almost call it a thunderstorm of tweets... ;p
Random dude who called me a 'gook' at Davis Square but got intimidated when I asked you if you were mental: Merry Christmas to you too.
Dont wait until its to late .
Pretty much girl crushing' on right now at #LuckyFABB. She's so smart and level-headed.
GOOD MORNING SWEETS:)
good job!!
big night hey?!
Wow! we are watching a movie in math class its called over the hedge!
Happy Australia Day, Russ! Hope you are enjoying the holiday.
downtown. Simple stuff right? I tried but so many steps.
Hotmail inbox/spam catcher empty for first time in probably 10 years.
QoTD: "If there exists no possibility of failure, then victory is meaningless." (Robert Schuller)
i cant stop staring at my picture is it possible to be in love with a photo it must be possible because its happen this very moment
Fareed Zakaria on CNN "If doomsday really arrives, a can of baked beans may be worth more than a brick of gold". Sound advice.
Officially drunk with The Carter
Congrats on your 5th bracelet
spanish mamba aka
If you reduce a Congressman of Representive to their simplist terms all they are is a fingre to push yeah or nea according to the majority..
I don't wanna do shit today
Had to call an audible
The straps hurt too much to wear so you take them off and spend the whole day adjusting and adjusting and adjusting repeatedly again.
I need a Reality TV show for my life, crazy shit forever be happening to me!
cut the cheese and it's not that bad for you. just saying.
w mean !! But true ;b
Today is the 17th,I can already say its going to be a great day!
The gentleman in the piano bar is butchering Fix You by Coldplay..I need a gun.
thanks for the retweet yesterday!
Are you a Independent artist looking for advertisment On a blog?
can't make any promises :P
Give us a thumbs up if you're excited for the weekend! Does anyone have fun plans with your family??
i am so freaking tired
Uneventful first break. Starting stack.
did u get my email? U in?
My parents are about thinking of buying a new house:(
Redecorating my room . Hanging pictures everywhere .
The Game Could Become Reality.....Alter Ago...
I hate when you're trying to be strong & not to cry infront of someone & then once they ask "whats wrong" you burst out into tears .
A few sales but zero coupons! Shh don't tell ! ": not enough coupons ;)"
They pass like weather systems, so long as we don’t attempt to control them. Ten
I need a co-owner. Tweet me if you are interested.
well.. wut can i say :) guys like it so why not ;) hahaa
University of Pennsylvania Law School & Columbia University School of Law (Semi-Finals)
Im obviously proud to be team Bieber(:
oh got to try it then. Next week before SVD! :)
Googling Slowbro produced way more Slowbro porn than I expected. I mean, I know this is the internet, but...
"Now isn't this better than sitting at a table? A girl hasn't got but two sides to her at a table."
Sex unforgettable, yeah I work miricles, I'm tasty... ♥ - Pink Dollaz
Just got here to class listenin to some jams before class starts. Whatever happened to Nelly???
Way above the clouds
yes, on May 22. Hopefully also writing some code and demoing results, but it'll depend on audience interest.
kk lol it funny how we think the samething lol love u
- Thanks for the mention!
Second cup of coffee and I'm not feeling anything :-(
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
what you buying
Westbrook is so athletically talented. If only he could work with Durant.
What about her? Also, why am I getting updates from people who @ me way late. Fuck Silver Bird.
Back to reality. My third day of 2012. And I'm feeling fuckin awesome:D
I am so sick of this
which one? :o
Pall in the Family
Knocked out for 4 minutes after running into a volleyball net and hitting my head on the gym floor playing dodgeball.
with who?
Don't fucking sit there and say, "Omg Jessica your boyfriend is so cute!" yeah, I know he is. He's also mine. Ok.
Come to think of it, BILL AND TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE meets SCHINDLER'S LIST would also be pretty awful.
Beautiful day here in St. Louis, MO! Only 5 weeks until my BIG 5-0 birthday!
My dials are pupilated... I'm baked. I should start a bakery... X3
Its Friday! That means its the last day of work for the week & Inspection Day!!!
Went to the basement to get my drums to play RB3 for the first time in a while. It was more fun than I remember it being.
Rest in Peace #AmyWinehouse, another troubled genius who has hopefully moved onto a better and happier place...
I'll be there for yoooouuu, Cause your there for me to.
Great conclusion to the Generations retreat last night--every church should do this-- team did super job--thank u Stevie!
Congratulations Jayson Nix
This liquor got me creak sleepy tho I'm about to ko lol
It's just life. If we weren't suppose to know how to overcome adversity, if we weren't suppose to know how to create
Today is the birthday of our dear friend Averyln Archer, who passed over this year, remembering her this day and everyday.
And a BIG thank you to everyone - brewers & tasters alike - who helped make our 1st public program since our re-opening a smash!
US Airways Fleet Service Agent Wins Ford Mustang, Gets on the Road to Better ... - MarketWatch (press release)
if so, I would say Moss isn't a fit. Smith is the arrow, what could Moss do? because u know he won't go over the middle.
I'm the best at assuming the worst and letting it get to me
Manufactures which cannot be carried on except by the prohibition of for. Competition, cannot be carried on except at loss.
My legs hurt :( oh my god.
i hope this is Russell Brand's last movie. He has to be out of retard english roles by now
you look so pretty!
For water-cooler arguments, please post a transcript. Great stuff; 'a tax code IS a moral document! Keep up the good work. -bg
very funny!
Happy Mother's Day Mom!!! Wish I was with you in Surf City / Topsail Island NC. Have a great day!
I hate those Mahomies who leave Austin because he made mistakes, then comes back when he releases a new song. Like, NO. We don't do refunds.
Great being connected. Jennie, do you work as an actor and or model?
What came out of this conversation?
O.O
My soul loves Jesus
me to!!cant wait!!;)
I'm changing the rulebook.. *members may hump the other runners if they look similar to any of the One Direction boys"
Dance For You is the shit tho!!! On da Deluxe CD
*never, that is.
haha woah don't take my line! and yeah way to rep :)
I know!! It's almost summer again!!!!
yep. Seeing a doctor this week and then I'll redirect my energy towards the Portland Marathon.
that's cheaper than the kevin hart show
you downloading the mixtape friday
I'm so down for a summer job.
Brian Matusz looked close to the pitcher we thought he'd be. Not 100% back, but stuff-wise, he was close.
thanks for the follow!
I can name at least a dozen different kinds of construction machinery.
Twitter can either bring people together or tear people apart... Learned some .. interesting things about people tonight
Oh honored by yr kindness & 2 B included w/
Intuition tells you what to and not to do, but never answers any questions!
haha yes I am bro
LOVE these guys! Great info for businesses and also for #nonprofit causes, too.
Nuggets roll out new team tonight. Are better than the Knicks? I think so
Now, back to my regularly scheduled program, Twin Peaks.
This pulled chest muscle is getting annoying. I can't do anything that requires moving fast...
Transforming Indian Healthcare with Innovative IT - Express Healthcare
Thanks for recommending Sifted. I just uploaded it.
we just interviewed Dr. Jones here in Harrisburg. He'll be on at 6:00.
Every #niners #touchdown $1 drink from bartab! Send us your email and we will get it to you ASAP!
Will not see you boys tonight either, I'll see you guys in Playoffs,
You know you tweet too much when you know no one by their name, but only by their handle.
THIS JUST IN: We are open normal hours today and on Monday!
you mean you just went to the dark side?
You will never make a more important decision than the person you marry.
He's covers the Jets at SNY The Jets Blog His coverage on the Jets is great!!! Where have you been?? The Giants blog?
RT : Best part about 2011- my trip to Africa. Hands down! Thanks to all who supported my trip!
My mom is happiest when there is peace within her family.
'Never sin against your talent' -Tony Bennett
Just learned a new term at #AMASummit - "organizational Alzheimer's" about managing documents for
what do u mean? Drew pearson?
#frontline #money #power #wallstreet -
Easiest way to reduce my family's #energy use: 1rst outdoor clothesline. Not used a dryer in weeks.
Sweaters were hot in the #90's
he has a new job!!! Or I would. He left state farm lol
I miss you!!! Txt me after school babe! <3
I second that.
Thanks for checking in - hope you had a great time at Earthsavers:)
Nadal Seeks 7th Barcelona Crown Sunday Against Ferrer; Azarenka v Sharapova In Scream-y Stuttgart Final David Ferrer will try an stop Raf
How's 5 work?
Courtesy flushes are a
keep your eyes on the road!
Top golf behbey 
Lol.. I have a lot to look forward to!
and a Merry Christmas to you, sir. ZOMG!!! Banana Bread?? Banana Bread??
Hi! Always wanted to Lucid Dream. I have a friend who dreams with others and they go into each others dreams, freaky!
What can be better than being wide awake at 3 a.m. when I have class in a couple hours?
#UWMadison Graduates! Do you have friends and family flying in for graduation? Let Us Drive them from #MKE #ORD. 608-764-2917.
#I got sum FIRE on the way soon w/
Mets and Rangers win. Not a bad night to be from NY!
I feel your pain. I went through a dozen yesterday alone, and I'm only cooking for 2!
You better get me home before the sun comes up... best line ever! from
Inscription Rock (El Morro) is a great monolith of sandstone which Indians, conquistadors, missionaries, & outlaws carved their names.
DM me about your upcoming trip up here. :)
hi there, have we met? I did a day on shake it up. Did we met there?
I'm washing my white blazer shirt for the game tomorrow
!__!+~ SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS FREE PARKING...LADIES FREE B4 11 ....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Its very cold outside,take your jackets.
that was cruel Cal
Doing work!!
I've been told I'm full of shit.
RT Reminder that Passover is about freedom from enslavement, so #Gaza, anyone?
Don't care that it was a mass tweet. just tweeted at me.
thank you! :)
Gm tweeps $alute! #GrindPays in full when you put that work in.See your dream through,don't cheat yourself by giving up.
Spit rounds like a gun range beat it up like rampage
The excitement of summer camp is building. Have you registered for camp yet? www.rawhideranch.com
Nothin u and yeah what bout u
go broncos!!!!
Late night kielbasa ("kolbossi") sandwich, post deviousness, at Primanti's.
i picked it up but it fell.
Women with birds as last name rule! RT : Florence Nightingale developed the pie chart
word and the fucked up part is u cant even blame front office
We'll be there Feb 15! I think its rained our two previous visits, so hoping for a sun-filled view. But, it's always beautiful
Win Kiss the Summer Hello ticket this morning with
Who is going to see at tonight?!
Meet Nathaniel Joseph Green!
how u been Tommy?!?!
you always find the most interesting games.
I literally am sitting here doing that.
Thanks Karen! It was so much fun!
oh hi there cute stuff, i'm May-Lin <3
DARN!! I put a dustrag under my pillow and the housecleaning fairy still did NOT come clean my house while I slept!
Have a great New Years Eve! We're so excited for 2012! Looking forward to all that the new year will bring!
Star Wars the old republic!
Follow Please <3
I DESPERATELY NEED HELP WITH LEMON TREE, IF ANYONE COULD IT WOULD BE MUCH APRECIATED.
And we thought the commish was getting booed... RT : Yes, after today, the cedes the radio stage to....Barry Manilow.
I don't know why I didn't think of that before, the timing is right for it too. The most obvious answers you don't always see.
: Was that you at the gym last night or am I a crazy person?
we gotta see
CREATURE opens tomorrow!!! :D
This whiskey tastes like granddadssplooge.com
Why do girls make the "duckface" in photos?
Such a thin line between lying and having a bad memory
my group
Saw This Dud That Had Abs Reminded Me Of Mikey And Then He Had On SuperMan Underwear That Reminded Me Of Nick for Some Reason =/
I heard the weeknd suppose to be performing tonight. Anybody knows where?
"Whenever you feel like criticizing any one,just remember that all the people in this world haven’t had the advantages that you’ve had.”
OMG YES <333 Except for my best friend loll.
very greatful that me call time has been pushed back to 7:30 pm
Ate the best snicker.....ever!
how do i reach your camp ? i would be honerd if i could show you my demo
My dream is to get followed by everyone in ... I would love to have you be my first?
Remember, it is all about the kids.... right
that's a little baffling. I would never be able to sit still that long.
San Diego is on pace to add 16k jobs in 2011. Gin.
oh, ok. Thanks!
RT: Over 250,000 bros on Twitter. I'm not saying we're the shit, but...
I'll be there
personally the "stupid person flavored doggie food" that's a WINNER lady!!
Your not weird, or a freak. Your unique and wonderful.
RT : 24 paintings hanging downstairs at Townshend's Tea House on 23rd and Alberta... stop by and visit...
Sorry to interrupt but I believe I've cornered the market on 'blather.' You’ll have to stick to your perspicacious ways;)
Hey everyone!! Tell to go to the game with tomorrow!! Retweet and help a brother out!!
BOO FROG tonight @ Funhouse 10 PM opening for Jimmy Flame SEATTLE
I was going to get their new LP at Amoeba this weekend. You can get some songs from Spotify. Live they NEVER disappoint!
this is potentially true, though fair use is usually more of a defense than a set of guidelines.
no mr simmons was suppose to gimme 4ds for tlking during silent lunch but he didnt lol cuz i was like i was laughing at you
NBA is wack right now it's about the jets
Come in tonight for Happy Hour and watch the 2010 Home Run Derby! $2 domestic drafts and half priced select appetizers!
Why send a rabbit to do a man's job. The outcome was obvious.
“: I love the taste of orange juice after I brush my teeth.”
#SpringBreak in Miami... time to get out of town!
& the fighting starts ... I really want to leave ...
Driving and tweeting is dangerous maybe I should stop
#MegaIIN Feel so centered and empowered after being in Seane Corn's presence!
definitely not a kids film.
well played...can we get a sneak peak of the next big social media platform?
sorry. Had to.
Going to see The Lucky One. ❤
you're right. I'll do better next time. I did give you a few in your favor!
And one... Good play by the #LAkers Bigs
Even if you didn't like "The Help" gotta be happy to see Octavia Spencer win the SAG award.
I had 5 but ended up reducing it to 4. You can check the CSS in the inspector to see what I went with
Awkward moment looking at the calender and noticing that today is Friday the 13th.....
give the gift of the presence of mind to someone today...
addition to the hanson sightings: diana
Twitter has recently lost my interest.. It's not the same anymore 😒
I'd be up for that in 20min or so
Punk'd
I need a hobby
Love doesnot have to be perfect, it just has to be true
2 Hhaha But Im Mostly On This One Now Hah This One Has Vinny All Over And Other One Has Nick All Over
Like a gold beer can or something?
Fred Meyer I can't decide if your new ads remind me of the Phoenix Suns or Fed Ex
Thanks to all our awesome Purple Peeps who continuously check-in @ the Shack! We <3 you!
- how about replying to my customer support email? Its been hours....
the basketball game? Just on the phone like a boss lol
Nothing, you? :)
I'm still studying in college :) what bout you? Yeah,dm ok
Last Thursday of the school year! 😃💛👍✌☀
Get ready, tomorrow is the Grand Opening Zumba Classes! Reserve ur space, if u have any question please send it to
i was just listening to that!
omg. lil'mama .
Davy Jones passed away :O what
Thank you. Yes, time in #Iran combined with my academic background.
thanks Erin :)) what do you think? am i crazy?
I cannot wait to be a total nerd and play diablo 3 as soon as it comes out.
there will be so much evidence! i have to prove to my sister that i actually can do that stuff!
Never, never, never, never give up.-- Winston Churchill
So today I decided to wear shorts
: also huge difference btwn 's "my research shows" vs. others' "the research shows." exactly what research is "the" research?
depends on the situation, lying makes it easier for the time being, truth makes it better in a long term
yeah. Keep a nigga posted
Now my Facebook sidebar is filled with ads for private schools. Awesome.
thanks you to pretty girl :)
Dear Windows Phone: Get Your Shit Together - Gizmodo
Schweinsteiger. That name never gets old. Go pigs!
