Hey sorry I passed out lol. We're at a mall hanging out before we head to the venue for the show tonight :)
Was just thinking google should offer something besides an iframe for cse, and I look and they did update it. Nice.
I was driving around with katie and we drove down shirley street...
Have leared a lot from teachers using symbaloo at CUE! Great to see the different ways of use. We keep supporting you!
Now attending: New Developments and Trends in Employment Law w/ Christine Lamb, Esq. at
omg I hate bacon too!!!
just finished writing the U.S History project. ugh my hand hurts. and i actually thinked.
Remember when you went to the nbt And you & your sister & Michelle took lots of pictures with billy i was happy you guys
where u at, don't u c me talking to u, just sayin, have a great day!!!!! HUGS, LOVE YA :))))
Are you? Where did you work?
Not gonna lie, I really love Sky High.
we are working on keeping Miami at bay :)
i love garden state
Interesting how we'll ignore God repeatedly but then expect Him to jump and answer the first time we need or want Him.
#Caps down 1-0 after 1, all even at 8 on shots
Beautiful night in Chicago
Ops!!! Forget to set the emergency breaks!
Can u please follow me(: it would make my night, por favor ?
well I mean since Friday but i only had to play like 10 games today to get it :b
I am so unmotivated to do anything
It’s not about breaking through. It’s about being invited in.
I love the Lake for swimming! But I'm a wimp under 60 degrees. These guys, , are in there all year!
I Scored 80%! on the quiz
Follow Friday goes out to my local friends ,
How did the #Yankees pull off that come back
#VSPEX available only through EMC channel partners, an intermediate step between Vblock and independient purchases of componentry
PROTIP: Replace everyone in your life that you feel indifferent about with people that make you happy to be alive.
Happy New Year from the Playboy Key Club! Make it a great 2012!
No matter where you live, there’s always 1 light switch that doesn’t do anything.
right! Wtf! And both Giants an jets looked like fools!
T-mobile needs to get their shit together
Tonight is the last night of auditions. Tomorrow we will cast and send invites to artists. Audition tonight: email .
adding to the SLC collection?
yeah man! Thanks for #Raging w me!
Sometimes I mistake activity for productivity. My bad!
can't wait for #BOYFRIENDvideo 💜 i hope you see this JB 💜
Just a quick reminder to vote for us in the Pepsi Refresh competition! Text "107350" to 73774, helps us win $25,000!
I am for real tryna have ramen soon. you tell me when. comes with us
First day of school!
“: have enjoyed all the drupal and php questions today. Glad to see alot from orange county #scale10x” great to meet you guys!
One day I'll be reading a vegan baking story about about you,
#Class #Action class members move a lot--always check for move updates using the US Postal Service database.
Gettin this Fire Dept ishh together! A lot harder to get internet saavy
NO. I meant that about me. Idiot. >.>
Join me in 5 mins on twitter for music branding tips to help you get noticed.
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic now playing on I-Heart Radio on 44 stations!
#imsinglebecause When I die, bury me upside-down, so the world can kiss my ass.
Remember Whitney Houston for the radiant spirit she is, ignore the neg. press. Thoughts of love = a eulogy. Love is a garland we give her.
Yay! Do you live in Evansville?
Check out It's Amazing!
yup! triplet magic!
seriously if I wanted to fucking hear a buncha kids screamin I'd pop out some demons of my own.I'd better be gettin paid for this.
"Foot treading of grapes is still used in producing a small quantity of the best port wines"
you're wrong lol you just tweeted a bit much and it was flooding my timeline. <3
Your birthday is coming up bestie
Up let's go
My master piece almost done :-)
my life is like the ground it could be rough at times then become soft and u never know where u could go
AW WHAT TOUR DFIUGHDFGJF AND NOTING IM GOING TO SEE ROCKET TODAY WEE
come on bitch know you want this, hot cool shit makes you feel the toxic
Remember: Just three drops of Alkalife turns ordinary drinking water into high pH alkaline water...
#matts idea: a very "real" dating service, DTF iPhone app.
From now on, unless I have a subject of conversation in mind or you are my bestfriend, you can forget a text from me first.
Thx to everyone who participated in the Digital Marketing Boot Camp -- great job everyone!
Oh, well it was worth the try I guess.
The new era of social activism is flipping from the boycott to the buycott.
missed ya today ma! Love the new hair though! ;-)
I can't even do it no more
Your tweets are my favorite & I even follow ! I'm impressed you keep it up even w/ all the shit. Kudos!
holy shoot my horse is a beast went from a 6th place un one event at a different horse show to a first.
Down To Earth or Born To Be Somebody <3
These Mini Chips Ahoy is Bumpin!
Madison police investigating the deaths of 3 and 4-year-olds found dead early this morning in a car parked near a business on Kinsman Blvd.
I have the worst luck with competitions and contests so i shouldnt get my hopes up for the OLLG tickets :/
thanks! One day we'll turn this little city's reputation around ;) I've seen a lot of progress since i moved here
I know you guys can do better
you can skip 'the incredible hulk' but you should probably see 'thor' and 'captain america' but mostly for backstory.
+1 RT: I've never watched a season of Mad Men. Isn't that sacrilegious considering my career?
I love Calvin Klein. ☺
nervous really!!
Let's Go Heat
1/2 price entrees tonight! Try our new chinese chicken salad for under $10.00
I have no energy.
so Aubrey may or may not have out spotify on my computer...
Anyone else feel the earthquake?
it's a good look for you!
You have to move your headquarters to Belleville, Ontario...LOL
thank you
Tiger Woods. I don't care. I hate golf. Rather watch water evaporate.
pst...pst, you..yeah YOU! This Saturday, Cre3soL Presents "Rest in Power" featuring Sidebar, lab always and fresh gear via
Nice beatz. Thanks for following. cb
Im just checking up on u ;) lol
Had such a wonderful day with love him :)
"Our strength grows out of our weaknesses." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Agreed. And different.
well your lucky about the 9 days left, but i wouldn't wanna be leaving highschool yet. lol
#IThankGod for my one direction tickets!!!!:D
this makes me want to watch the JTT classic Tom and Huck!
On our way to beaver dam lake. Reports of 6 snowmobilers rescued after falling through ice. Live at 10
That's enough out of you.
MLB.TV plays the same commercials EVERY SINGLE BREAK.
Tru artists grind and keep grindin without any excuses
Listenin to on my way to the dentist...Great album, my favs are the slower songs ”Be Real”, ”Outta Here”, ”Sixty Times”
James King doesn't look old enough to have been working in computer and info science and support since 1991!
Todd Carter shows example of Tagasauris at work, tagging photos from Magnum archive
Pride of WL, Indiana ... RT : Axl Rose declines induction into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. Now THAT'S being a rock star.
I miss how we used to talk every minute of every day and how I was able to tell you everything that was on my mind.
That sounds exhausting. RT a basically a "Let's make dani play as much as possible in a 4 hour window." I can get behind that.
and Canada will still not have a SCC
Hey! Want your new track reviewed and shot into the Blog-osphere? Hit me up!
dub club reggae at the echoplex
yes! Visit stratejoy.com & visit the blog section. 4 women will be blogging in real time as they conquer they're QLC! :)
Is rocking with the advice tonight...you'd pay big $ for this elsewhere!!
Young survivor of Cracker Barrel family shooting dies.
Wearing my Jesus earrings today
#cartoon Your Questions About Cartoon Bugs
i treat twitter like its a girl. i come up with stuff to say in my head, but when i go to tweet, i cant think of anything lol
RT : More like kidney stones. Painful to pass, like GOP legislation. RT : gallstones serve a purpose? Repubs...
u called me all types of names and left me for my bestie now u want me back when she didnt want u anymore???#GetReal!!!
Its decided. A MUST make movie... #TheLegendOfHuma. I can't believe this hasn't been taken up yet.
This new cheerleader is really good.
having a les paul<3
Day 2 is underway! Brian Klapper is currently fielding Q&A from his case study with KFC.
NATO is making everyone crazy here in Chicago. People are boarding up their windows. Please stay safe everyone.
Sometimes I want to finish you off, then I remember that we are nothing and I passed.
My Player Mode!
(cc ) Sorry sklar, DC doesn't miss you because you keep making a cameo at every hot new club opening in town!
Baseball FINAL: Taylor 6, Mt. Vernon Nazarene 4. Taylor advances to play Concordia in another elim. game at 8 pm. MVNU eliminated.
"but gladly everyday imke my dsughter happy" :)
Just off to a wonderful start. /: Boyfriend's upset and doesn't want to talk. Ugh. Well, today's going to suck.
don't ask me to flat iron your hair anymore acting like a punk && ish. lOl!
hit em with the k let that hoe spray pussy nigga if you aint dead watch me put a 38 in yo face pop pop pop leave his ass bloody red
Im so depressed about this all.Idk whats going on.Dumb Rumors
Sunday Funday is best spent eating CURRY!!!
The second winner of the raffle is Karen Fine Saltiel from ! Primerica is also one of our amazing sponsors!
: sorry youre not feeling well bud. My mom tell's me I'm handsome all time time. I got that going for me...
No hail in Point. I'm worried what to do w/ the Lexus now if it were to hail.
I think I'm gonna do some #yoga before this
I have't worn socks in months, but maybe I can dig up a pair just for you!
#Rain Rain go away, but it's almost weekend so whatev. Keep up with , and , the hunt goes on.
your tweets... they're like preachings
cant wait for rookie mini camp. I just moved out of state and I wont be able to go to training camp this year.
See you tonight right? :)
Rethinking ALA Midwinter @ the NMRT Orientation. Know thy acronyms! Also, there are TABS in the meeting guide. Genius!
whats up loser :p
In the mood for beer & BBQ for din din ...what is the best place around uptown?
Plush - with the BEAST power! #beastmode He "tombstoned" that one.
Old Man!
Did you see 's #WeightoftheNation last night? What did you think?
Boobs are great.
she drove
I'm not either. I'm saying the writer of the article is a hack
Come Thru To Our Show on Wednesday Night. Allymoe, Nauti J And Mike Warbucks Will Be Performing Trillmatic. 8:30 @ Club Pyramid Nyc All Ages
O.V.O
#NYLawForum is 10/14 & 10/15, will be Booth 600, stop by to meet our Director of Admissions!
Lyfe Jennings - Will I Ever
I know I am. I've been told I'm missing out on Game of Thrones too.
This is new: Teams posting trailers for their 48 Hour Films. Follow #48dc for links. Screenings at AFI Silver tonite thru Friday.
hahaha well yes! I've been busy! Went cruising for a week- now getting caught up at work! R u alive???
Goodbye and see ya next week!
Heh. Doesn't sound too bad to me RT Thanki No eye contact or anything that requires turning one's head.
Wow, that long? I remember you posted that "come to liberal Jesus" series but didn't realize you were around before that
I been here waiting. Didn't you see me? 😊 Happy Friday!
Pretty impressed by the technology in the camera. I wonder when that tech will make it to mobile phones...
uhm, can you send me a picture of you saying you love dylan . LOOL , im making a video for him(:
You won't do it because it's a load of shit.
I listen to a lot of comedians podcasts, and a few of them use the phrase.
Anytime you would like 2 find out more about our work, just do a search 2 find info. Keywords: 'Roman Piso', 'Piso Christ'. Thanks & Cheers!
Believe me it gotta alot of bass however, it still needs work, just wanted to get some direction frm u on whatchu wanted lol
I should just jump on the Miami Heat bandwagon. It's inevitable. But I hate them so fucking much I don't even remember why.
Instead of looking at life as a narrowing funnel, we can see it ever widening to choose the things we want to do, to take the wisdoms...
lol well your no david becks so I suggest you don't @ me you sad man I'd love to rape you up the bum with my christian loubs
looking forward to "Dumb and Dumber 2"
dope shit there :P
Thanks for the +k. Sent some your way as well. Congrats on being #1! Damn fine accomplishment
morning twitter peeps!
Will you be making a Web archive of these panels available for those of us who could not attend? Thanks! :)
thanks man, enjoy your evening too
I bet Dan Waber has written more sestinas than there are particles in the known universe. Hear about his unique outlook at our symposium!
me either I'm starting to get hungry lol I might go get some food
RT : Yes! We're gearing up for #PRSCamp too :) cc
If I could, I would open the ground & travel deep into the center to give you the earth's soul.
What do you call a jalapeño chile that has been dried and smoked?
"Be willing to be uncomfortable. Be comfortable being uncomfortable. It may get tough, but it is a small price to pay for living a dream."
that's awfully good running back #demarco Murray
that just about drives me over the edge.
Oh .. .. You just had to wake up & do it .. Welcome home sis lol
my boyfriend hates me
ahahaha. me and lizzy were climbing trees.
read "enabled to death" regarding Ana Nicole Smith & it's the 1st time I'm able to appreciate what's really wrong w/ enabling behavior
First grad class: IS 260, information structures with Dr. Greg Leazer
that is the worst way to start a morning!!! :(
thank u king!!! Honestly, the new handle threw me. I dig it!
Replace one sugary drink with water every day and you'll cut 50,000 calories a year from your diet.
- Want to play a part in helping a good friend and the memory of his great dad fight pancreatic cancer....
I guess....lol! Still don't totally get twitter.
OMG I seriously miss you!! :) <3333
Hopefully I get into this EPA class! The "big" one after that!
RT : Biden announces plan to fight coal industry lobbyists who take children hostage w/ high fructose corn syrup.
Listening to audiobooks in class with a guest speaker -- a school librarian from Arlington Public Schools!
I still have a yarn! I found it in one of my old purses haha. We never did throw it on the roof!
The simplest means to convey your style statements >>>> Custom T-shirts...
notecards are ok, the pitches are generally very casual but you only have 60 secs to impress
This traffic
I warned you about the blackberry...
Looking to #connect with #NativeAmericans from #NewMexico that are looking to get a #mortgage on a new home! I can help!
Anyone who says "I'm not anti gay just pro marriage" is just as bigoted as someone who says "I'm not anti black just pro white". Period.
haha do it
I hate how insanely sleepy I am right now.
like the time you spelled Behanan, Behanon
I feel like I've forgotten something.
Yup. FACE VALUE TOO (unlike last year)
Cristo Rey Jesuit is in today's Baltimore Business Journal (second Friday in a row!) and the Catholic Review! Check us out!
I ALMOST CRIED!
Sweet. See you guys soon.
Do you enjoy learning English? Love you pictures.
: Just held a workshop showing your HFW DVD + had an art bar to create after being inspired. Shame Resilience rocks!
Let me know if find something, user Buffer app paid now and its okay...
When I come home I am gonna try to hang out wit as much ppl as i can
Nothing like completing a work out that you did not feel like doing!
not a problem. sorry we did not make this clear to you previously.
Here at Tootsie's waiting to go on with Robert Reynolds and OSO Artist,
thanks for the video
used to be one of my favorite series... now I need to go back an reread alot of them...
I know, I'm such an obnoxious dog owner... but he's so lovable! Haha.
I concur, absurd...
Good morning all.The cold weather is rolling in, and the hot drinks here are rolling out. Hot Chocolate,Caramel Apple Cider,Pumpkin Chai.Yum
I was born in the bottom West Wood Tennessee but I came up n fuck the game up in South Iraq Tennessee
On my way to support president Larry Miller who is a Pink Tie Guy in support of Lunch for the Cure.
"the eyes are the nipples of the face" #gypsywedding dafuq
I will never get to old for spongebob!!
Lol. We think it's funny.
heading back to D.C. tomorrow... not looking forward to classes but am ready to come home.
Thanks for the follow!
oh..well you have your moments. Js.. & I got youu.
it wouldn't bother me if she went down in a fiery plane crash. Lol
So how was the free lunch?
Hello! You're welcome! We all have to start somewhere!
Haha I'll change it eventually. Hopefully band pictures will take place once summer starts so I can put one up.
Jagjit Singh passed away. A very sad day for music world.
that part is true. I defend yuni but he is horrible going to his left
Ballroom Dancing Competition: “Back to the Ballroom” - Longview News-Journal
I really want to go to sum college in Miami!!!!!!!!!!
Tornadoes are definitely fascinating.
well it's true haha jk :)
After 2 days of setting up the baby room, now I'm at for our birth center tour.
I know, it's really upsetting. Even on intelligent news sites there is so much prejudice and carelessness about ideas.
Hey hey hey - welcome to tonight's YOBI Live show! Tweet us with a #yobitv and let us know you're out there!
SEO takes time and the investment is worth it. How long did it take to write your business plan? Was it worth it? Plan for success.
I have no idea what I'm doing...
You're just now realizing this? *shaking head in shame*
Doesn't matter if B2B or B2C, go where your customers are. Build relationships and make small talk wherever you go
I like this approach. Instead of bike lanes on Wilshire in SaMo, bike lanes on California. Nicer ride.
I'm so fuxking bored!!!! Work needs to be over
spot on thank you
Thanks for watching! We hope to carry them next year, stay tune!
please take him away!!!!!!!! #Newark begs you...take away the worse mayor we have ever seen.let him go be a liar elsewhere
beautiful profile photo of your cat :)
If you're in Fayetteville, Nc make ya way out tonight to Southern Style Saloon 4939 Bragg Blvd doors open & it's $5 til 12 0.50 shots
Just saw a lady wearing an aluminum visor, and a SARS mask carrying a watermelon and a stuffed dog walking the GU halls. Weird.
: overheard from a logo designer today: "Euclidian space is so eighteenth century."
I saw your name mentioned in US weekly.... I find it fitting that they called that movie True Lies :)
I'm not the type to fall in love.
#WeWontWork if you prefer facebook over twitter .
ha! Yes. I literally got my license in a week.. Bananas
If anyone wants to talk about the issues surrounding the upcoming election I'd be game. Would much prefer insight to confrontation! Mu ...
So do you mostly like rock or do you like any J-Pop?
Mostly? The score. LOL
good luck :)
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom. - Bob Dylan
hmm. perhaps the distinction is between "funded" grad students and "paying" grad students. but overall undergrads win hands down
I love football more than almost everything. But with injuries and players deaths post football, Idk where the sport will be in 10 years.
Thanks for the RT, guys!
Ok, the eye socket is NOT an erogenous zone.
it makes me sad how we used to be so close & tell each other everything.. and now we don't even say a word to each other.
At yogaworks on larchmont. Loving this studio
I have officially befriend a little old asian woman, about 75-80. I started waving 2 when I ran by now when I run past she says GO RUN!! lol
I love how me & my mom have the best relationship ever !!!!
Don't let anyone else bring you down or make you feel worthless, because we are precious in God's eyes.
Worthy is the Lamb!! Have a blessed day!!
Thanks, Karina! Are you coming?
List of things forgotten on my 10 day work trip so far: laptop power, Ethernet cable, allergy medicine...I'm curious as to what else!
...after the whistle by their benches? It's clearly a cheap shot. Clearly a guy targeting a player and that was well after the whistle."
Good morning, New GRusalem!
Bill Hall and Ceasar Izturis in the same sentence. Only in baseball can that happen.
Remember otterpops! i used buy 3 for a quarter in 3rd grade.
Guys please remember if you are non-custodial parent and have the kiddoes from July 1-31 you get to keep the kids till Aug 2nd.
PRETTY LITTLE LIARS WAS AMAZING 2NIGHT UR AMAZING UR MY LIFE
He's more affectation than man.
Ah, you totally just made our day! Compliments from users never get old ;)
- Good I am glad you are getting up there early to get a head start.
that's an old one buddy
thank you very much for the code and the show :]
And my night begins........ Now
Hipster in the 40s: Cool beyond compare. Hipster in the 21st century: Annoying and must be destroyed. LOL
He may have been 7 but he still got a good piece of my ankle. Little punk.
hi wards! We
Women earn 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.
#dtl2011 looking forward to start of online communities foe collaborative work and learning: lessons learned
Dear I'm only going to listen to the leaks to prepare myself for the concert Wednesday. I hope you understand.
2 obstacles down, 7 to go, or 12? I think I see an oasis.
really had a run in with the pigs without my car even running
Whichever one can incorporate ancient Roman archeology, I'm for. Preferably not "The Corner."
Called it.
Oh hey, I actually dusted my living room.
incoming - I thought did already
Actually saw a few of the team bikes being built! Looking forward to a great season.
omfg i know i mean it takes the "healthy" outta of it but fuck it
Music production from the 80s is way better than what we have now
Sitting with my CEO till 6:45 = No go. P.S. Some of us ran 3 miles with 100 pushups this AM while YOU WERE SLEEPING ;)
I'm pretty much convinced that pre-Crisis on Infinite Earths was the least screwed up and confusing the DC multiverse has ever been.
#11 Dallas Cowboys's Roy Williams looking good. Remember when Julius Peppers played basketball for North Carolina..
Hope the content was still worth checking out.
Don't understand why they didn't just show her video of things he said. Would have put a stop to this craziness.
Are you home from school yet ????
Just getting up good a about to check out the happenin in Detroit
Seriously, computer... I'm trying to get out of here and you still give me the spiral wheel of non-responsiveness
yay! come and get meh :D
Support our friends: “: Come by the Menil Bookstore this Sat.9/25 for Museum District Day--check out new children's books.”
Rich Man, Mor-Man
Night Night Twitter.
Lexie and I are driving to pick up my wife from work. Lexie is our Shih Tzu. We love her dearly.
you mean Strop! Hammel Time!
A gay boy bought me a drink... thanks to my momma and daddy! He said I had a pretty face :)
Hey make sure you follow us here on twitter.
my mom knows just how to piss me off.
ok so now a new regular show this is the best thing about mondays
LOVE! RT : Those who know only what they do tend to work harder. Those who know Why they do what they do tend to work...
at work but wanting to head out. 2nd doctors check up for my new boy this afternoon and then I'm out!
BevMo is a solid bet but it's also on tap at CityWalk.
Happy Birthday Dog!!
Scribe going IN right now.. is my new favorite monthly in nyc..thanx
I loved the Hulk. Everyone in the theater laughed out loud when... well... you know.
"Nothing comes from talkers, but sound..." - The young Tevin Campbell. One of the realest lessons I've learned in my adult life.
Thank you. Last question, will the tournament be extended since there were some issues?
SATs that day, pretty sure ;(
Thanks for the lovely RT's!
thank you! Let us know what you think of the shadow!
I need to stop listening to take care cos Im gonna end up hating it
these skies are looking fierce...
whoa, you have an amazing beautiful voice.
wow. I don't know what's more awesome... You guys for saying that, or that you said it on 11/11/11 at 11:00
you could always lower your standards.
Hope you had a great weekend! The gallery will be open tomorrow at 9:00 AM. Come and see our new jewelry collection.
Don't we usually arrest the killer THEN build the case? #TrayvonMartin ...
Let's book some work today
Unreal that w/ Rose & Noah out, Boozer was on the bench in final minutes of #Bulls loss.
It's kind of amazing how selfish some people can be...
My soul longs for you...
My friend is going to a cold play concert this summer
Working on some bold predictions for NFL's craziest division, the NFC South. Got any of your own?
~I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!
248 more days til vacation. sigh. I guess I should think smaller. 4 more days til Sunday.
lol. I'm not gonna lie. It looks real bad. Worse than what Shane did. I mean... I haven't seen it in person so I really don't know
Good in the hood, how u
#NW Day after tomorrow! With the fam :)
holding the big announcement for ipad 3 in march?
that's amazing!!! good for you :)
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
Sum women out here havin babies jus to get money from the goverment. That shit nasty
Waitin for this Rap Battle to start supportin one of my artist
Dear CBS: Damn you for not doing a 2-hr #personofinterest season finale.
feels so weird not going out tonight
thanks for the follow! marketing across 9 languages? Wow! Would love to connect sometime on lessons learned/best practices :)
I can't stop picking at my tattoo. Damn.
Know any angel investors that are looking to get into a great iphone app? Sport theme - educates folks how to make better pool shots.
Today is a easy day At work :3
Mario party with Garrett
I'm not here to promote/recommend any brand. I want to stay #impartial. That said, I've had service with #ATT it was bad as well.
Con-super-gratulations to , plus , , and !
When you talk, you repeat what you already know; when you listen, you often learn something.
Revenge... A dish best served cold.... Hm you know who you are ;)
PR must be humanized and matched to the culture and people who drive the communities. D. Breckenridge. MarketWyse
Nobody can hurt me without my permission. -Mohandas Gandhi
13 surveys for #jms581 DONE. Such a relief...looking back they weren't as bad as I thought. Good luck to everyone finishing up theirs!
Let's get naked ;)
I'm going to travel to Florida on a horse.
Thanks so much! RT : Just dropped of a bunch of old nike and Jordan gear off at the goodwill
Loving life!! I do everything for the glory of God! Putting him first before anything I do.
Thanks for the follow!
2 drinks down, a whole lot more to go.
#ImNotInterested in Texting someone who takes FOREVER to reply back. ReTweet if you hate when people take forever to reply back to a Text.
it puts a smile on your face and joy to the sad day
Leading to the question of which is the country with free speech?
I got food poisoning from half of a weed cookie, shitting and pukin for 12 hours, at least I was high, and I still have half a cookie left
is celebrating its winter menu launch by giving away 2 tix to Skins vs 49ers (11/6) Must enter by 10/21
My school week starts tomorrow... I guess it's time to actually get things done.
On the scale of 1 - 10 how bad does Drake wish he was from Houston? My vote is 36
Happy New Year Everyone!!!!!!!
a few of us r already here come say hi
I believe you can't have twitter without hootsuite.
#FF to some awesome folks-
Milwaukee beer barons
you must! That cup was my third and i'm going to have at least one more, haha.
Please be kind to your Dentist, he has fillings to
Broccoli Samurai at to finish up the EP tomorrow.... we're gonna be recording a great song to end the EP a special way... :)
Are you going to the Q on Friday for Junior's Celebration of Life?
Congrats to the Packers
like can we please be friends this summer?!
Dear Next Door Cubicle Girl--I don't mind that you eat ALL day, but how bout mashed potatoes instead of potato chips?
Dude, jealous people these days.. smh
Just had a great day in Syracuse with the students. Thanks to for having me on campus.
Yes, I loved what he did for the HP movies. I just think his projects are way more ambitious these days and he'd never do it.
I don't hate LeBron James. But I do like watching him lose.
Lamar and Derek are missed right now. Let this be a lesson for the quick to trade mentality fan. Chemistry is not a given.
We here wanted to ask "Are millennial students ready to populate their portfolios through mobile devices?"
welcome to Arkansas Vin! Great choice and I can't wait to see you in action bro! Heard alot of good things!
Great way to start the day! Proud of the girls :)
Anyone who likes Man Overboard can sit in the corner and have a good long reflection on how they're living their life.
yes, me too! Just gotta find the right one!
Rangers will take care of business tonight and go up 2-0. Knicks need a miracle.
Alex you are the sweetest boy!!! I fall in love with your tweets everyday. I Love You<3
AWW SHOT THEY TWITTER JAILED MY BRO! FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE
las vegas :)
Coffee’d be grand. Say around 8:30?
Eckspecially....yeah that's totally the right pronunciation.
Want to help keep #lastthursday alive? We need your help! Come to our volunteer meetup at Six Days Gallery in early August
Good luck Tebow. Hope your magic powers can fix our offensive line, & our defensive holes & receivers not getting open and penalties and...
haha,I am but I'm gonna be late. And stop teasing. Lol.
i think i got banned from chacha :o oh well ;)
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
This exercise is pretty crazy with
haha i feel ya
Wish we could be at home for BYT's bentzen ball! RT The folks at the DC Marriott are sponsoring TSOYA Live, tickets are free!
that talk me , micah , & had on the buss >> they was sayin' some reaal shitt to me : )
who is your favorite superhero? :D
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace prize.
let us discuss my unhealthy crush on Merlin Mann.
About to draw page 500. What should it be?
21st C Abe is a digital project with commissioned artist provocateurs.
Join us today @ Balboa Park 2 celebrate Earth Day & register voters for the upcoming election! Email if u can help.
love you too!(:
Such a good game!
Monsoon Special! This deal for this week only $25 for 500 Premium 16pt Gloss or Matte Business Cards. Must Mention this Twitter Ad
I love the wisdom in Proverbs
gets it! Rihanna is the jam!
Today's White House pool reporter is indignantly correcting people for calling Washington-Lee HS "Washington & Lee." I admire his stance!
Happy New Year to all of our Sisters, Brothers, and supporters. For 2012, we will continue to ascend. We are the people!
Good picks don't necessarily translate. Stars go where they want to go. Morey's gotten more with middle round...
89 first have yards? Powerful O. Geez!
When they pull you over, ask if you've been drinking, and say 'blow in this tube', tell them, 'blow in this phone-speak to Charles Johnson!'
I love the ellen show
congrats mate!
watching popper's penguins lol
ah yes powells. Where's hair of the dog?
Good Morning, i got NO sleep at all.
Back in florida. Just got my new place in ft myers. We call it the compound
FINE. I'LL JUST ROOT FOR AMILE JEFFERSON WHILE I'M AT WORK THEN.
Great group of professions at today's #AWCaustin luncheon!
Pardon me, ma'am, but I think you misplaced your Ho Ho on your head.
"Tip top shape" is an annoying phrase. I don't like it.
Or were you thinking more along the lines of A-Ha, Air Supply and Kajagoogoo?
You have got to be kidding me?!
“ SOSA”Cheef Sosa
The only reason I saw #Players was because of & ! Omi - we'd love to interview you for our magazine!
What's up Twitter! We're back and raging in 2012. Tweet us your #singleladyproblems and get an invite to the sneak preview show on Feb 4th!
This is am amazing time to be apart of console combat... we have so many things planned for the upcoming year.
Blasphemy! Attn. Guys! Danger, Danger...Melanie must be stopped! heheh. Excellent article. I encourage others to read it. :)
I love you dude
GAK Google + changed its look
#ThingsMyMomSays Don't tell them we tipped him
Let's go O's!
follow me
In Wilmington, DE. Think I'm grateful I don't live here.
I'm back...! I've been cheating on Twitter with Facebook!
everybody follow to Girl! :)x
Wait, wait, wait... Style still matters OUTSIDE of high school? Jeez, that's weird.
But im finallllllyyy home 😃
Playing with my new kindle fire and loving it!!
Bacon, egg and cheese bagel would be nice right about now
Missed you on KDUS 1060AM today. You need to fill in for Bob Kemp when he is out.
0:52 left in the half. Pressure is on for the White squad. Gotta score here ... oh wait.
Lol it's May 11, 7-10PM. It's $5 to get in at the door, and it includes a glow stick. It's in the cafeteria.
Wow. The most popular Kindle titles available from the library are almost all romance novels, vampire fiction, or both.
Just arrived at Gordon Biersch in Rockville,MD. Dam good beer!
We have a strict "no middle launcher" rule for our kitchen.
City/County Homeless Consortium ironic mtg agenda for the day: Agenda-Announcements; Committee Reports; Networking & Sharing of Information
Happy Halloween you filthy animals...
me too.
Lyon claims that identification is based on premise that you understand the other person's mind. Hesford responds, "That's way beyond Burke"
It was Univ. of Penn. -- Penn State was were Paterno coached.
I'm thinking maybe I should be on Survivor. I think I would do ok on there. Or else they would HATE me and vote me out ASAP. Surely not.?
yah gonna finish XMAS shopping tomoro!! i miss KALIAH!
So nice to meet you...look forward to reading your EM tweets. Perhaps I'll be inspired to tweet more about it myself!
oh lawd.... What happened now, do I have to pulk out the inspector gadget kit
Thanks to my new followers and thanks for following!
makes 2 of us
Why does Twitter suggest that I follow almost every single member of the Jersey Shore? How does it know that's my guilty pleasure?
Wow thanks so much for the shout-out. Greatly appreciated.
Yeah! Corporate types like you sent jobs overseas for tax breaks and costs of labor and cost of production.
DJ Cyn spinnin at Copper Top right now bottom of peak 9 Beaver Run chair in Breck come say what up!
It just doesnt sound right to me.
A whole 5 years RT : How many years L&D/training/learning technologies experience do *you* have?
Oh! Yes please. Santigold has put out a new record. This is going to put some miles on my running shoes.
That phrase is rice krispies, not smacks. You fail.
lmao no he is mine hahaha
Watching Skins. Ahh the UK one is so much better. ^-^
wat up young blood
But yes, , this Super Moon is beautiful!
Out with spring styling in with #summer fun! Plan your summer jet set wardrobe with the experts at from Apr 25 to May 1
Absolutely... Please do.... Tell them you have been tweeting with us and we will take care of you!
Has anyone seen the movie Think Like a Man? What did you all think about it?
Time for Trivia Tuesday. Who's game?
Now you need to read Hunger Games!
Our #IWNY / Happy Hour tomorrow at Lair in Soho has exceeded expectations (125 RSVP's and counting)
Strength is worthless without endurance.
Doing well. Tuned in to Jakarta news. Will have you and the people of Indonesia in my thoughts. What have you been up to?
Pat the bat, you're too old to be making a mistake like that.
Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. #MyBirthday ^_^
I'm interested. Pros and cons here.
Officially finished the album! whew hew!! now it is off to my amazing mixing engineer then my awesome mastering engineer and then to you : )
Waiting to hear Bill Nye #NSTA rocks!! :)
There is not great talent without great will power. -Honore de Balzac
We're finishing up a research paper on the potential of the Long Tail in the music business. Look for it soon!
its no diffrent from normal sex it just makes it less awkward,the bonding after is incredible when both people are high tho
He read slow just like Harry would have.. lmao
No way, Blank Check is on! Haven't seen this movie since I was like 10.
feelings on Salmons??
And this is the part where I leave
How'd the interview go?
- Happy Easter!
Again, ABQ City Council deciding whether to fund 50 million for Paseo I-25 project. Some councilors want voters to decide the funding issue.
On a sour note for #UMass, Chaz Williams just picked up his 3rd foul on a charge. 31-29 #Stanford with 3:31 to play.
I love art..really.. I Would love to have time to finish my painting.
Out in Scarboro too! RT : No power in
GEORGE VS. OVERLAND GAME IM IN THERE
It's Raining On My Road Trip Back Home... Praying For My Family Safety...
Creating Your First Scrapbook ...
TWITCH!!! omg
lexis the meanest person ever
haha oh man
Happy New Year, everyone :) Hope it's a beautiful one for all of us.
ayo brah wass poppin, i got my phone back , so tht means im back on twitter
On my way to Chicago, this Finna be a long ride. With NO wifi !!! 😡😭
Quick poll: Am I the only one who hates penthieves? You know, people who always borrow your pens n never give em back (or worse chew on em)!
Hi Jeff, thanks for the RT - much appreciated!
damn I've got some catching up to do!!!
The Heat so stressful bruh
I think my 20lb purse may have finally broken my shoulder today. Time to unpack a few things.
it's going forward-ish, but not as fast as I hoped. How are you doing?
And with that Chuckie Cheese tweet I went to 15k tweets. Do I get some sort of badge for that?
Can't talk or hear anything
yeah y?
(d) Golden Girls by Hilarious Old People
SOPA blackout day means no Reddit means a lot of FIFA12. holdplz on XBL holler
Great stuff this week from and of course our friends at
#VERGECON: Impending study: 20% energy use at home completely wasted. Via panel.
I'M SO HUNGRY
Showing love on ur page
Sometimes I do not disagree with this. I tend to have a lot of the 'how in the F did that happen' moments. :)
oh ya, and btw, if you feel a panic attack coming on... DEAL WITH IT!!! Calling 911 will only stress you out more!
“: i really need at rane 57. anyone wanna donate to the cause?” BITCH YOU WASNT WITH ME SHOOTING IN THE GYM
You have TWO televisions stacked in the same room? O_o
Seeing tomorrow! HELL YEAH and !
Its time for # radio and some #1940census fun!
I do!
Right!? Love her.
Tuli Kupferberg: When patterns are broken, new worlds emerge.
Yes. Michael bachelier is my facebook name
found it :-) I wonder if watches it since it is the Justice League...
I am responsible for what I say. I'm not responsible for what you understand.
Tolbert for a 7 yd gain. But holding on the Chargers. 10 yard penalty on Gaither.
I worry that Occupy never reached sufficient clarity to overcome this kind of recreational rioter bullshit.
April 20th needs to come faster! I can't wait to run the streets of Chicago, and le tthe world know about Kony!
where&#39;s that list of names?
Most Natural thing to do for babies. More power to all mothers.
Today? I tackle the big bad monster in my garage. Otherwise known as outgrown baby clothes.
You're hanging with Tina Fey and the President!
Smh that feeling
So ready to have mon-fri off from work.
I despise Mondays. -_-
Clean slate with good bones, to use a very mixed metaphor.
Yes people we have finished our music video be on the look out !:)
Watching some #Oscar caliber acting on #WWE Smackdown.
They have trees in Phoenix? As an East Coaster, I always thought it was just cactus and dust out there.
Can't worry about getting lynched if you're not worrying about ur own comfort. No place for selflessness in that defined dream.
great saving on hair extensions this month call Susan @ salon 617-389-1900 or email me
Somebody interesting text me.
then get a life wat ya prob
Showtime Dance Shoes is coming to CCB today from 11-6. Drop in to try on a range of styles for both men and women!
"Her moma said, "Don't eat with you fingers." "OK," said Ridiculous Rose, So she ate with her toes!" - Shel Silverstein
Took my mom out for sushi. Aka continues to let me down but at least my mom enjoyed it.
Many thanks to Action Imaging Group for taking the initiative to print thousands of fliers today. -Steve
No surprise there. If Yo/Zack struggles during the season, could Wolf be placed between them?
I was born to diiiiiieeeeee, i was born to diiiiieeeee, i was born to diiiiieeeeee
we're having TOO much fun! With fake gosling. And yes I've cleared my calendar for you :)
oh, on facebook!
In need of a job...
Like daily deals? Check out this Latino #Austin version:
I know I've been sleeping all day.
Thnx...No Pressure...if you can't no big deal :)
hey beautiful.. I won't be able to make it to your graduation :((
Nothing says summer like a BLT!
Should be fixed! Sorry about that.
A guy is singing Storm Warning on American Idol! :D
Hope you and are doing well. :)
Have you ever touched an alpaca before? Stop by #stylemax booth 1074 to try it out. Once you go alpaca, you never go backa!
Text my number is 9162560084
Looking forward to seeing tonight at the Beacon. It's been too long!
More office building construction, getting high off of spray paint fumes...
If everybodies a. Boss then who's really working
All new! L.A Kush is in-stock, and on the shelf. Come and get it
RT "If u spend 15 min.planning your day on paper every morning, you will add 20% to your productivity" It works!
My mom wants to move to #Hawaii count me in!(:
Happy Birthday! Woo 21!!! Get drunk!!!! Don't drive!!! YEAH Woo!!!
Sometimes God doesn't give you what you want, not because you don't deserve it, but because you deserve better.
Trues. RT : Lies! RT : In 1918 it was decided that for new babies, pink was for boys and blue was for girls. In 1940 i
what's his deal?
Cardio Barre kicked my ass this morning!
RT Just accidentally threw an 'xo' in a text to a dude. Guess I have to fuck him now.
Another great #EMAC quote from : Technology is a continuation of human evolution.
thank goodness ;-)
What deals are you excited to pick up at Pick 'n Save today?
Last night in Boston also means last night checking Grindr.
Be you...even if there's nothing "complexed" about u!
Yeah, it went from like 100 hits to almost 400. It must be linked somewhere, but I can't find it.
G. M. Trevelyan~ Disinterested intellectual curiosity is the life blood of real civilization.
I wasn't quite sold when Gwyneth promoted it, but then sung its praises, and I had to get one!
Good Luck at St.Baldrick's Event on Sat! Raise LOTS of Ca$$$h!
Kuf Knots, Levee Drivers tonight!
There are two ways of spreading light. To be the candle, or the mirror that reflects it ~ Edith Wharton.
Bill Flanagan and tribute Levon Helm. Great piece. Well done.
business : If Twitter were high school #Gemini would have the lowdown on who's cool and who's not and they of course would be cool
thanks to for you donation!! #pittsburgh takes care of
I don't think so!! LOL
oh yes they are!
you're welcome :)
They will! I can feel it(:
Are you using AIDA in your event strategy? It stands for Attention, Interest, Desire and Action.
Terrific Thusday Hello to #followers @ elesha
What films are you checking out this weekend? We will be hanging out at the , let us know if you are too!
I will! Good advice!
If you're looking to dance to great electronica beats, catch Balkan Beat Box at Speakeasy on Friday @ 12:45am
Sat Feb 25: W. Biddle St will be closed to traffic between Charles St and Maryland Ave from 4:00 a.m. until 3:00 p.m. for a crane operation.
Trying very hard not to be practical!!!!!
fuck, i dropped my chicken nugget.
did u check the music out
I wish i didnt go to mexico in the summer and everything would be perfect! </3
A Real Boyfriend Will NEVER Make His Girlfriend Feel Like She's In Competition With Another Girl .
Mini Taco Bowls
Literally surrounded by iphones on the t right now while i text on my nonsmart phone
Well how dare you.
I love u I even made a poem about u and their gonna get it published + I live in las vegas that = happy :-)
The Space Between Trees by Katie Williams is superb.
i don't say your amazing just cause I'm a fan, I'm a fan because your amazing. Never forget, love you .x
i don't really start talking about football until week 6 anyway because its always to early to call anything before then anyway
It is amazing! We're in the Village, just below Union Square, the high school is on Astor Place. Incredible location.
dying over here
it hurt letting go wen you the only nigga i no !
And who got the best assignment MT Congrats 's Newt embed who delivered entertaining primary dispatches!
Back to the real world tomorrow. Bah.
RT : There is no point in carrying the ball until you learn where the goal line is. -Unknown
One word... BUCKEYES!!!!!
you work at CVS right
beach date sound fabulous dahlin (british accent)
ty ur kind 2 say that i did my best w/them both
As part of the Planning Committee, I am looking forward to introducing speakers at the Oregon Tax Institute this week.
True RT : Next year, XU-UC hoop game should be canceled. Players should go to watch Army-Navy game. They'd learn real toughness.
and that we will definitely do...
LoL I have a funny feeling there would be little room to maneuver if the rest of the #CumberCougars joined us! XD
Jeez whatca doing this summer RT : two more years friend!
Working HARD today on #OMPF , our first time coming to Atlanta! Can't wait to see what comes up!
Thank you. It's been a great run.
"But waft the angel on her flight with a paean of old days!"
YOS & DYC use different methods to calculate their recidivism rates - so comparing their rates is comparing apples to oranges
Save the library rally Highland and Sunset this Friday. Come by after work! Foodtrucks come feed us!
Will somebody please explain to me why so many people are so fidgety? Seems like i am the only person I know who can sit still!
Thanks for the follow, Terri Wonderful photo with your kitty!
I missed playing with you guys!
I just witnessed a bird on bird murder, I didn't know crows ate other birds! :( 😱🐦🐤
no not yet. week of the 14th i def will
I may have a lot of friends but there's a few people that I can trust.
oh man. i just got a craving for a cookie!
They put on an awesome live show - have a great time man!
sexually frustrated as usual
yes, don't go to sleep cause I won't want to get out of bed at 4 am :). I'm thinking something old, not sure where.
Your tickets will be put on Will Call. All youll have to do is go to the ticket box & show them your ID. www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
Exactly!! I doubt that I'm the only one who is "green" on the topic. I hope not anyway!
#tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them!
RT : The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.~ Buddha
Bullshit! When is the last time you saw me praise MAB? Or Guza? You know what, I need to stop because I'm LIVID right now
I've been trying for 2 years to make it to CC, & still have yet to get there-frustrating! Hope you get the barcode issue fixed :)
not just the sun making it shine!
really?! you're so lucky! we have 23!! june 7th... can't wait!
We loved having you!
#HateThatMomentWhere you see a crazy ass doll enter the train, and you think "God don't come next to me" and its like they heard you, and do
NBA looks to be back!
Not sure if i'll ever be forgiven for scheduling a flight during #openingday. Hello friends! Miss you!
that didn't even make sense. If you keep tweeting things like that, I'm gonna have your sister suspend you again!
Happiest weekend - loved running my first 5k and getting QT w/
I hear that there are loop holes around the buffet rule! All smoke and mirrors for the sheeple, to steal votes with lies!
Yay! I can finally watch it! And you and I *have* to meet someday. We could have a 4-day movie/TV/book marathon! :)
see you can never get sad cause its sadening :D if that makes sense
thanks, teen!
twitter tweets
Missed you last week...hope to see you this week!
you can't find that I think you need a google map haha...ball out!
July 9, 2012 will mark 50 years since the Civil Rights Education marches in Englewood. Shepherd v. Board of Education
ok.. im freaking out. .___. i need to get my hair done before 7. and it's not curling. my hair is a little bitch
Today will be #agreatplacetogrow confused and upset when belleview residents google
Rest up and get better Gonzo!
Headed up to Red Star to pretend like I am in Mexico for a bit.
I didn't recognize myself in my TL , Lol .. Thanks (: I love yours ! Has my beehbay !
So what happens when a bully commits suicide because of the anti-bullying campaign?
Watching extreme makeover weight loss for the first time. Heart wrenching but so inspiring!
cool! rules.
RT Pedroia: "Every day I've got to bring energy to the team. That's my job. I've got to get on base and score runs."
I'm reading all these reports that say neither LA team will advance to the Western Conference Finals..
Damn. That was my favorite...err...2nd most favorite part of the 500. Oh well. I hope he's doing ok, though.
Woke up on sam's couch. Skirt messed up, makeup smeared, and hair a mess lol but I had fun(:
Hey, Vanilla Ice, ur a great rapper!!!!!
Ah! thanks!
I loved OF POSEIDON too. , I'm a fan of English authors too!
Good ending, I can't wait to next Thursday...
Christ is our anchor!! I.A.N.A.T.D.
just got off work and gonna go finish watching game somewhere...where u be?
I like to take risks but man does it make me nervous! Knots in my stomach about 2nites show
Please note all UE Twitter giveaways have ended as the deadlines have passed. New giveaways coming soon.
*Sad depressed quote that has 50+ RT's*
aight dude i gotchu. i'm real low on funds at the moment. How expensive is your studio time?
Thanks for Retweeting us!
#FollowReader Greg's bringing cigars, I hear.
your welcome.
Watchin' Scary Movie ! Lmfaao! i love this movies :D
Kids listen to "'Twas the night before Thanksgiving" and make turkey-shaped cookies today, 11am & 2pm, $3 with admission!
Thanks to for the follow! Build a large following through permission text messaging. Ask us how 918-271-0062.
lol, every time I go to retweet you I forget I cant
i love 's energy! she's beautiful!
I'm still trying to work on my second lol RT I could easily see Avengers a third time
awww that sukkz ..i dont know how to do it then ../: poo..
Why do I watch this show
Time to put away the plastic Santa's, and the messy tree. Turn the machines on and get back to work from today 3rd Jan 2012.
....an he mustve asked my at lest 3 time how to spell Bieber...finally found the CD after abt 5 minutes ahah
I really want to go rock climbing and zip lining at the gorge now
Cheers to a fabulous Friday! I have a few projects going, and a new custom order to start next week. I'll be finishing the tree first!
And I'll never hold it against you.
Just hopes that you're not sweltering in the heat! Stay cool patients! www.3cpdx.com
don't you hate when you want 2 be nice to your parents they think that you want something! just cuz I'm broke don't mean I want money mom !
Just walked out of a movie halfway through don't think I've ever done that... Save yourself $7 and DON'T see The Sitter
VERY excited for and
thanks dude I guess I'll wait patiently
Thank you for following!
Fina get my work out on .... !
I love my sister <3
Yeah seriously... Who cares?
Off too Attica prison
Love it: RT : Warmer weather means food trucks are out in full force
2 day hair modeling gig starts today. Pics to follow.
You got it!
Don't trust people
Sorry I'm hardly ever on this account... Not that any of you miss me anyway :L
: We don't know what we can do, and the comp sci's don't know what we want to do. Disconnect. #thatcamptx ..sounds about right :-)
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Crest Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Packer are 8-0. Looking real good to run the NFC North!
WEAC will be endorsing Falk early next week. Hopefully they save their money for the general election and don't use it beating up Barrett.
Penn State is beating Pitt at the expo 8 to 1...COME ON PITT!
Im sorry about what evr it is :/ good luck see ya later!
Headed to to pick up some new furniture for our office!
Happy Birthday to and , and ME ( :
Are you enjoying your leap day? Doing anything special to celebrate your extra day?
Easter egg hunts for adults would be great ways to launder money.
Philly Flyers still suck. Just give the devils penalties until they score and win.
The hardest the battle, the sweetest the victory.....Niwo
thanks. I'm 40 with two car seats in the back and I keep it on the DL
Graphic novel version of "The Girl Who Owned a City"? You go #lernerbooks !
Mom: How's your arm? Are you gonna have a scar? Me: Yeah. Mom: Ugh, with your scars and tattoos you're gonna look disgusting! Me: ...Thanks.
Just made my dad buy a 1D cd but I already have it lol.
club butter best club in charlotte by far #clt last nite was ridic
gender smoothies, gender priuses, gender tauruses --- new gender performances introduced by diane
Where did the shift go? Happy Tuesday everyone -- enjoy it as I catch some z's!
Help #BostonOnTheRun get to 400 followers!! You guys are the best fans ever!!
There is a reason I don't share what I'm listening to on Spotify w/ the world. Some of that stuff is embarrassing.
I think I just missed it. :-/ I'll pop back out later and try again.
oh ok sorry for hearing that. I have a bad sore throat. Tonsils are swollen
#DidYouKnow The human body's five senses are the muse of Puzhen's Aroma Diffusers? Evoke Your Five Senses, bringing you a balance in life.
Watching Step Brothers& eaten chocolate peanut butter ice-cream w/ Mom&Brother. Picture comments&i 'll return the favor. Text?
Hey man check your ps3 for a message from me or follow me would like to chat!!
did you just leave ?
LMAO. It had to be done this way!! One might even say I'm like a Mother bird, I had to let you fly on your own first! Lol
Whoppi! Good job on Glee, I don't watch the show. Tuned in to watch u.
that place RULES. My favorite atx pizza.
Thank u both for letting me stand on ur shoulders. MT ...thanks for ur leadership. I'm glad to be part of the effort.
Me and Morgan Ben in ha hospital for two days I would call ha daddy but it's pointless I'm getting ready to b a mother and father
Agree to disagree? How about we both agree you shut your fucking mouth. AGREED!
no, thank you! The response to your preso has been overwhelmingly positive. Thank you for sharing your insights with us!
Haha yeah he reloads, but I want to see how many arrows he has compared to how many he shoots.
I wish. I'm in Portland today.
2 seats left for the vegan dessert class this sunday in Oakland. join us?
Other than attending past State of the Unions and expressing an interest in running for office?
Having no intention of going to a Facebook event... but still clicking "maybe" anyway so you don't look like a mean cunt :D.
Oh dear god. I though I left my cheez-its in the car and i almost started crying.
I did :) I'm so happy u started using twitter :)
at least you listen to good music lol
Contractor: Multidimensionality allows us to ID structures in networks... develop new theories about how people work with tech
Way to go #Badgers!! Good win today!
I once dated 25 women at once and got annoyed when they all started to cycle together. I vowed never to take my talents to the Bachelor.
Day one with the smart phone: minor struggles. Needed a teenager's help.
I agree! Boehner is a slimy snake who lies to ruin our Country! It's exhausting to even watch those fools! Nothing positive, ever!
NO FUCK CHELSEA!!!
O heck yes! I'm stoked! Now its a party!
If you were born in '96, you most definitely should not consider yourself a "'90's kid".
Queueing up Pandora Pro (no ads) streaming on my iPhone - "ambient dreams" station. My dreams are always a bit difft with all night music
park at the government center and take a free shuttle over!
RT : I'll be back later...keep the shoutous going! Still along way from 1000 Winner receives a Play-On bracelet
My cousin and I retired three consecutive Sunday school teachers during those years, too.
Even though the RAVENS ,JOE FLACCO PUT ALL THE CRIDICTS TO BED
iPhone just autocorrected harvard to 'garbage.'
Fucking hate mixed emotions.
i'm waiting for the day when i can say, "show me only the parts with Estonian athletes" +and.. play+
Truly sad news....a huge loss to #archaeology and lithic studies...always a real no nonsense type of guy.
I would fall off a chair try'na clean my closet and hit my vagina.
Real loss that you no longer have Papandreou in power ... he's a man of integrity.
when I workout - it tends to tone more than just the area I target - but we all have diff goals.I've been losing overall
Science works to make the messy simpler. Rhetoric works to make the simple messier. Wonder why?
it's so easy debi. RT everything too
Oh really i never saw you at hami! what grade are you in?
It's hot as hell! And rain makes it no better;
what are you up to ?
Steeling myself for a screening of Boys Don't Cry. Been a while.
Thanks for the tweet about CCSi's Manju Bewtra! Would you be interested in having me coordinate an interview? Thanks again!
I'm sorry. There are 20 of us in Portland alone who went to HS in geebz or college in mke. Some close friends locked out.
have safe travels back!
hitting the Napoli vs inter Milan game Sunday, I'll let you soccer homers know how it goes
“: You're immature as hell if you still say YOLO.”
That is so perplexing - I just don't get the bark collar.
Spätzle made with matzo meal is perfectly adequate.
#MadMen gave fans a lot of what we want and still managed to surprise and never pander.
I guess you're right, fantastic! Opening up the jar again.
miss you too friend ! Let's hangout next week ?
hmm... seems a modern python-mode is essential.
My sister taught me to drive in a Honda Civic. A few years back of course, haha :)
Hard reset or connect it via ethernet and check for updates. That should help connection issues in the meantime.
Words with Friends. RT : Is Biden texting from a phone in his lap...?
need time to my emotions out
Doe Bay too small & exclusive & not widely known enough. I used fests I cover & my readers are likely to attend
GROSS right?! I wanted to throw up :c
Write a letter to an Angel,place it upon your alter and believe.
Q5 via : Where is the best place you have slept out under the stars?
Pittsburgh talent- be sure to send in your submissions for Monongahela this week - last call Oct. 28th !
you should follow and I'll call you tomorrow and #japaneseglassball! yay Dad!
WAT IT DO FOLKS
too much pizza....oh god.
If you don't like me crying when you spill milk then you're probably not going to enjoy getting strangled when you knock over my beer.
haha welcome back(x
@ roebling tea room. We got here at 2pm. Got seated at 2:50pm. Ordered immediately. Food is STILL not here. We are dying...
so sorry Sherri...will keep u all in my prayers...
Hi everyone, what does UK's nuts taste like?
Some bitches just ain't photogenic . It's okay doe .
Next stop... Pismo Beach!!! See you next week PHX!
"Dear George, remember no man is a failure who has friends. Thanks for the wings, Love Clarence."~
(AP) Attorney for Bobby Brown enters no contest plea for the singer to 1 count of drunken driving stemming from arrest last month.
": next time make a bigger pot of greens..." Whtever next time make YO OWN GREENS..
Follow Back?
“: idiot” bite your tongue woman
When you are in bed, you are dead.
Food notes: Mexican in Phoenixville; more Di Bruno's; gone to the dogs Norristown's Michoacana expands, and so does the gourmet retailer
i sent u a DM
I'm grumpy right now ! :(
the hunger games soundtrack > ... perfect for listening to before bed.
So ready for Warped Tour, swimming, concerts, parties, BRING ON THE SUMMER
Yea its sunset place
Tk u all! RT : A great miscellaneous bunch #FF:
: Whenever I delete text messages, I feel like I’m deleting evidence.
please call off the baby seal slaughter in Canada. This has gone on too long. Thank you!
What a day!!!
"We are seeing that minority communities are going to be specifically impacted by new [voting] laws" Nicole Austin-Hillery, Brennan center
#Replace1Dlyricswithmexican I'm here 2 make a dollar outta 15 cents and let my balls hang like I'm on the toilet takin a MEXICAN!!! ;-)p
Hey Tyler, how did you hackintosh your chromebook? Got a link?
Frosty, bro
Thanks for the heads up;) We've been seeing them everywhere again ;)
Fixed. My bad Shipman I didn't know your twitter pseudonym.
I like children - fried.
Sen. Cardin just wrapped up remarks; going to grab him for a quick interview and then start putting stuff together for the 11
you're up! thanks for reading.
Hey , check out your featured tweets in our latest edition!
that's right
partnered with & & & more to bring #ebiznow Philadelphia event
Espresso bar open now until later. All that's missing is you.
thank you so much- that was such a sweet card!
": your face !" Is Beautiful. Thanks hun, tell it again.
Chill day..
MY FRIEND JUST ASKED ME THE HRADEST Q EVER: WHO CAN RAP BETTER OR ? I STEEL CANT ANSWER
Oh hey life, I didn't see you there behind all that school...
I made the mistake of going into Abercrombie and Fitch yesterday. I still smell like that damn cologne they spray everywhere. Blech.
What are you planning for May? Over on this month we're Setting the Record Straight: Combatting Myths, Misconceptions, & Stigma.
Other people's success doesn't make you small. Being jealous of their success does.
Just an idea. Where do you live again?
Turned down an actor for rep. His name was Ryan. No papers to work here in the states. Now he is on a little show called True Blood. Whoops
next weekend! Poppin' my #Vegas cherry :)
About to start taping for a documentary talking about George Foreman. Great man and great fighter.
Is it sad that I need to take a nap before our NYE party?
aww u know your tweet to me made me smile thanks <3 I love u so much and thats all so true <3
What the fuck. I love Eric Church. Why did he have to say those things about ?
OR THAT ONE>>>>>>GRRRR Printer I will beat you~
thank you so much for coming out to support NYC today!
Henry! Henry!
whats the matter with that?
Thanks for all the birthday wishes, and screw everyone that forgot. :-D
These are but trifles, to be sure; but, scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable
amen to that
Did someone say arepas? I die for arepas!
hey dis a friend of AJ(Angelo Capriotti)he locked and been tryna get at you hit him wit a letter {doc#386772}
#backinelementaryschool and I got in our first and only fight over a swing at recess.
I knew it wouldn't happen lol
One night in Tokyo - where ought I go-go?
Gallup Daily Tracking has Obama +7 over Romney. Guess they fixed the outliers in their own poll!
I forgot about that one
roshon is going to follow the person who tweets the most people to follow him so get tweeting girl!
RT : So many great #education programs and start-ups founded and run by young Philadelphians. Bright future for ed in #Philly!
Bassi mom has got it going on!.
Sore throat? Try boiling orange peel, a bit of ginger, fresh mint, and brown sugar together. Drink it throughout the day. Feel better fast!
Hi Rob, thank you for the kind words and we look forward to your next visit!
Well they found 2 ulcers but says they will heal with medication and due back in 2 weeks.
it was crying lol
I AM LIVING AN ALGEBRA NIGHTMARE
good morning (:
what's good boss..
oh yeah, we both are!
I skipped cscw this year (working on advancement and all) but sent 3 things to Chi, and am working on one for ICWSM right now
Shoutouts for shoutouts anyone? Please? It would mean the world! I follow EVERYONE back no matter what!(:
my own acc :D () We Love Austin
OR-7, 1st wolf in Calif in 87 yrs, goes home to Oregon after 1,000 miles across hwys, deserts+ mtns, to find mate and new home.
dreams are not for NOW they are for your FUTURE.
That moment when you think a celebrity is dead.. then you find out they aren't. :P
Video: Ricky Gervais on animated HBO series, his humor
We are waiting on pictures and videos to surface right now. We are mainly stoked about the head shave by Jordan Enriquez during Fat Lip.
AND YOU'RE SO CHILL
Happy Birthday to Home Brewed's own ! Have a "drank" in her honor today!
#GoTribe Think im finna gone go to sleep
hello? Testing, testing. Echo! Echo!
Louis CK gives a more realistic interpretation of parenting than any mommy blog
Please don't give in to Obama to further strangle the economy by more taxes, just cut the spending. Keep it simple.
And seriously, I know celebrities and athletes seem to have far more follows. So I can't have that? I'm the diva of Ferndale!
great job
Congratulations Principal Rick Westfall! You will be missed at Keller HS. Good Luck as Chief Learning Officer in the GCISD.
Jesus spoke..., "I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." John 8:12
I'll think of you while I'm sampling cold frothy glasses of heaven.
where my at??
Cant put Bruce Votto back to back. But u can put Rolen & Ludwick b2b.
I do!! Hah
Kudos! end of an Era! awesome 8yrs watching y'all!! Sad night! Epic ending for a MOVIE!
This is why they cannot connect they are afraid to risk RT : Too many teachers gripped by a fear of "getting it wrong?"
I use a stationary trainer,not a stationary bike.I do structured workouts (e.g., ). I watch crappy movies. 1/2
At Miami airport waiting for my flight back to Berlin. Had a wicked vacation in sunny Florida.
Hahaha omg that would be too funny XD
Gotta love when the bathroom door doesn't lock... And your in the handicap one.... Yah bad idea
:) “: Don't bring yourself down thinking about yesterday. Focus on what you can do today to change your life for the better!”
My neighbor just asked me over for dinner. But I said no. His name is Dusk.
Oh Kobe go play 2nite...
Just picked up a free poster a free mason jar and a pint of Waldo's Special at ! Free bluegrass music too!
AH, BITCH!!!!! Rawr!! meanie,i cant lie t you even once D:
Barbara Streisand singing Rodgers & Hammerstein's show tune "You'll Never Walk Alone." A great performance!... fb.me/10FYexgJu
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
bitches ain't shit and they ain't saying nothing.
Holocaust Remembrance Day <3
good, then it means it's totally worth it!
justin asked me to ask you if you can be in his new "boyfriend" video afterall, it IS dedicated to you ya know:)
DC: Fenty keeps screaming about GRAY's tour at DHS. while serving as TRUSTEE; didn't FENTY steal money from an elderly man? Of course he did
Yup - back to HK for me in early December, then again in late December to pick-up parts for CES. All part of the gig :)
Starts at 6:30. Visit Rangers web site for more details.
I love the smell of napalm in the afternoon.
We don't have to do it, let's just get naked and see what happens.
...Notta Worm. Very effective when the bite is tough. Apparently never caught on, though.
I really need to stop betting on preseason baseball
thanks Chris .. more than me, I promise you!
Yeah, me too! Sounds good. :)
Go Follow ASAP
It's gonna be off the chain
Thanks for following.
i see ur tweeting ALL ur fanz thats good u keep in contact with them follow me:)
Slept well and ready to learn! :))
one band you'd wanna tour with?
Amazing how the Lord can use books of all sorts to speak to our condition.
Just bought Patrice ONeal's Mr. P on iTunes.Any fan should do the same. HILARIOUS!Proceeds go to his fam
i had such a grand plan last night that today i would clean the whole house and go to the gym - but i havent moved from my desk since 8am :/
I thought of that after I tweeted. Kinda a sales killer, no?
sounds like she is wise and funny, good combo!
u still high...... lol Beam me up Scottie
I can't do tht I'd b to tired
NASCAR JEFF GORDON OFFICIAL LOGO 3" REFLECTIVE DECAL
explaining the draw process.... more to come soon!!
Sir John Burn If you're over 50 taking aspirin reduces risk of cancer more than just about anything else
Do not depend on others to write for you for free
She's an australian shepherd/poodle mix
Going to eat Mexican foot in honor of cinco de mayo!! :))
Good job Giants!
If you want to make radical change you have to know where the engine is--Carl Davidson
Do you have a Facebook? I'll add you there
#fuck 45 page operation and maintenance manuals.
but why tho lol, who pissed you off now
I like the John Tesh radio show. So what... Wanna fight about it??
Am I really at a point in my life where I can't finish a package of M&M's without getting sick of them?
outside of I only shoot film (unless I'm getting paid). I take my 35mm everywhere and just bought a new one. So, YEAH!
uploading & downloading images, documents; creating projects, tasks, messages. So far, all systems okay.
I always wanted to be able to walk into a place and say "the usual." I just hoped it wouldn't be 7-11 for Mike's Hard Lemonade and Charmin.
it's true
I'm sorry. I love you
K thanks!
DJ MOMA & DJ JIMMY DA GENT bringin out the storm on the turntables tonight at Tillman's!
one day we'll have an extremely cheesy romcom marathon and it will be bomb
