u know u want to jump om lol
where are you ?
Madison is a GREAT town! and not too far from Chicago ;-)
why are you so perf?
You are most welcome
Playing bball with my son. I stuck out my tongue to make a sweet move. He didn't know why. Jordan 101 begins today.
You should change your name officially. Pisseroffnot The Great Warrior Spirit might be the best name ever.
re-evaluating who i follow - way too many agendas flying by in 140 characters...
Planning some cool women's initiatives for mentors and mentees this spring/summer. Stay tuned!
Im crying on da inside but my pride wont let me show it found out my nigga was killed today idk its like im #SAD n
jammin to my favorite band(:
how can it be #puffpuffpasstuesday when you don't pass to anyone? more like
so are you taking summer classes?
The 40 year old virgin movie is way better unrated
OMFG. I SAID THAT TO MY FRIEND AND HE SAID LE GASP. I AM NOT SHAKESPEARE I AM SPEARESHAKE LMFAOO
Edit, then split into multiple posts. Okay to brain dump, man.
Getting home from college and getting hit up by everyone you didn't talk to in high school..and not caring.
it was a good run, thx! & yes we are! have a great time in NYC!!!
Awesome workout this morning. I needed that kick in the ass!
Thanks for joining us! : Thanks to for this amazing #inconversation event with Jim Lehrer
My #BiggestRegret is trying to look like a pudgy suburban redneck version of Billy Idol in grade school
well A) How embarrassing for you. B) I rarely dare brave the mall -- hence my Arboretum visit.
#NickiMinaj: “Play the hits!” Disappointed.
that's probably $3 of the total.
Weak and Whack shit is not acceptable in 2012. Niggas might get cut off.
Grabbed a breakfast croissant in Atlanta. Boarding plane to Indy
I've got the same shit! How annoying! >.<
this worries me
we had a great time playing Barktoberfest. Your team puts on a great event.
Ty is being so lame right now 😒
Paris, Italy or Amsterdam decisions decisions.
White boise hate tweeting # lukin ass
I hope junior year isn't as exciting as this year...
OMG. I just found the entire season of the LA Complex online..I'm going to watch the entire season right now:D
I can't check it out right now because my phone doesn't let me but as soon as I have time I will listen to it and let you know!:D
Exchange is the buzz in your social media cocktail. Please network responsibly.
Here, but dont know the topic de jour
congratulations you've made me paranoid and itchy.... I hate you.
Spotted: Bumpits at Big Lots for $2. You know, in case you were feeling Jerseylicious today.
The only thing "military" about these charts is that they were written by the Army's premier jazz musicians. Enjoy!
workin' hard I see ;)
RT i love people who text back instantly :)
identify chords played in a song? usecase?
Erm they better have not .
Done too. Xo
Feels good to wake up at 1030 for once on a school day. Thank you Mr. H
two of the best players in the world and they go to Chalmers???? I like LeBron, anyone sticking him is a bad matchup.
You don't really learn about the comedy and tragedy of human existence until you get behind the wheel and have fares run off without paying.
Like this pedometer app on my phone but it says I've walked 25 steps as I've driven down Barton Springs Rd (Autocorrect->odometer)
I started it today! Did you as well?
Pretty Good Since its my first day of Summer Break. ;) #You ?
Ruh Roh. This could be trouble. And by trouble, I mean delicious. MT : NEW PIE! Come in and try our savory Fat Tire Brat
discover 88.9 yet? if not tune in and consider sponsoring a fantastic listener supported station! I did.
Obama is coming to campus!?
Thx, know what you mean -- passed it million times w/o seeing it. Happened to be there, thought I might as well point camera up.
reading up on how to be a faculty adviser to a college newspaper. Lots to learn.
It's almost Labor Day Weekend! Don't forget to order some cupcakes for that end of summer party.
mama monster I love you. Because of you and Bad Romance, and my love for being on stage, I won the karaoke contest last night.
watching the notebook!
At the owensboro sportscenter, it looks like the Flint Fairgrounds Coliseum...The Redwolves play for the Flint Megabowl v. Brescia tonight!
Hey (And yes, #downtown!) MT : We can make a signature drink for Justin's farewell bash. So sad he's leaving.
why is my mom such a bitch?
is actually the best person ever.
#Penguins to prevail of course. RT : Hockey crystal ball sees an Eastern Conference Final
May God give you grace and peace in all that you do.
At least we went to the last show.
how was yo mother day
Same here
#YouShouldNeverTrust someone who ALWAY says you can trust them if it were true they wouldn't keep saying it
The difference between Being an artist, and Being a songwriter for me is ...I'm either holding the brush, or Being the canvas..-db
yeah man shit is going to be great!
naughty, becareful out there and have a great weekend!
I don't care if it's been 30 years. I don't care that I love her. I don't care that she knows I reacted exactly like I did.
Hanging with
Has it really come to this?
You remember: 10% heard - 15% seen - 20% heard/seen - 40% discussed - 80% experienced/practiced - 90% attempting to teach others.
Damn! I than done it again.. Smh lol
Omar i was upset that i missed SXSWi this year but now i'm FURIOUS! you mean i missed Leonardo da Vinci! He was there! incredible!
sad I missed #zombiecrawl today looks like #beautybar instead
3000 protested at a hospital today. I couldn't be there, but saw this sign on the news: "My CEO makes $2.3 Mil and thinks I make too much".
just 'cause I'm so popular and good at stuff. That's why.
me either kinshollo, me either.
Your telling me #McDonalds just woke up again and thought, "yeah maybe healthier meals for kids" WTF
“: That awkward moment when a boy has longer eyelashes than a girl with mascara on.”
thanks for the RTs/mentions
awesome! Good luck on your sweepstakes! Yes, the pages will switch to timeline format.
Work hard and stay focused on the goal and you will see the results your are looking for.
There's still two more races on the #KYDerby card! Bet the Power and Maan look strong here.
Part of me.
If anybody needs me today, you will find me a the rac pool all day long
RT : Perhaps the most compelling (un)conference pitch I've ever come across. // Thank you! Hope you join us. :-)
Listening to country music while cleaning.. god I love my roots.
Both #Swerkers followed back 😁. S/O &
Once they go public... I agree.
Asserting a little control over my inbox with Outlook rules. All very elementary school. "New rule!"
now all I have to do is make 4 Adult friends and introduce them to awesome burritos.
Great! Follow me back so I can PM you.
Good to see its not dark when I leave work anymore.
Can't for the life of me get #Cassandra to play well with #Ruby on #Rails. Time to flee back into the warm embrace of
I may not have a Pulitzer but I'm "published" on #craftbeer bottles w/ above average circulation - not a bad start. Tower 20 IIPA is coming
You should go to SXSW. So I can meet you and buy you hot wings or whatever you like to eat.
Tuesday would work, where you want to go?
Well best of luck to him!
Great piece on Leaf
Cst's and ap tests tomorrow -__-t
Hate this. Really really hate this.
get on that
Jobs, high wages and economic growth.
RT : apparently it's easier to let me do all the thinking or troubleshooting then just figuring shit out yourself.
are we watching the Pudue game or an old 80's movie? #TeenWolf #4 St Mary's I think its Michael J Fox so bust out the 8'Rims!
Ha! They're ALL him. Interchangeable.
I drop my phone on my face all the TIME!! It Sucks!!
I'm not afraid of insects taking over the world, and you know why?
Cleaning my room...YAY!!!!!!
Just takin a breath after last nights video shoot. Shit was cray,seriously cray.but we did it and still alive...I have some amazing friends
Such a beautiful day! If that doesn't put a smile on your face, you need to learn to celebrate life
Gifted usually means slow ,mentally retarded,ifeel so sorry for people without a clue,turn your back on family for someone laughing at you
God Made Life Hard So i Will Try Hard To Obey......
Newbie loves the Twitterverse that she's shaped - but 140 characters? My thoughts just don't seem to fit #Kony #Trayvon - where to begin?
that was a fun day.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KENNY!
Cher Lloyd is my favorite person.
“: Hour to Super Bowl kickoff. Time for the Philadelphia Eagles Dream Team to put their Bagel Bites in the oven.”
Excuse me, Mr. Marilyn Manson sir... Why are your tickets starting at $115.00, for the House of Blues? Um.. no.. thanks.., that's ok..
Well I'm a bicycle mechanic a motorcycle mechanic, a painter and I know my way around a car oh and I sometimes translate for ppl
If you're a female musician! You should def check out
so, everyone left "downtown" and headed to pioneer square or what? no one was "downtown" when I took that shot so perhaps elsewhere.
I want a walk-in bourbon chest.
my pain is deeper than space......lmao
Insomnia has its privileges. #Angels Jered Weaver tosses a No-Hitter! #Caps lose to #Rangers go to triple overtime. What a night.
Are you an around-and-around girl, or do you mow the grass in patterns? I'm a patterns guy myself.
I have almost all major breakthroughs in my teaching, my art and my philosophy when I am on my bike.
I hate it .. “: loves the illuminati lol”
Just got a very happy text from Reno. Casey's 13s put away a very tough match. Go WAVE!
I have a 2005 Acura RL AWD for sale. Only 10,000 miles! Contact me to come and take a look.
What is this talked-of mystery of birth But being mounted bareback on the earth?
Great morning sessions at #TUgis so far. Come by the #Esri booth to hear more about ArcGIS Online and what's coming in 10.1.
Great Work Kerry - It's Great to Have a Woman of Color on Network Television as Beautiful and Brilliant as You!
Bosson: is there a way to draw HD 63 without going over to Santa Rosa?
An ma ballz r empty yea
The Guto thinks Wooly Booly is the best song ever written on the subject of beastieality, ever.
just figured out which direction hawaii is from where i'm sitting in my house. ahh yes...
AND DAVID FREESE DID IT!!!
Please tell me that the Sens goalie didn't just go to the locker room BEFORE the handshake... UNACCEPTABLE
Just ask yourself if your ready to have a Child..
CJ Wilson lasts 1/3 of an inning. That's what I like to see!
DANG GIRL. I didnt forget forget I just didnt really think about him as much lolol.
Slim Bacon in an hour and a half! don't be late!
#JaneDoeLLC .. Is everyone ready for 4.20?! :-) Jane Doe, LLC. is PREPARED! Meet Mary Jane tomorrow! <2
silly one but I love end scene in BETTER OFF DEAD they are sitting & kissing on the car, camera pans out & paperboy is coming
wonderful! +me have very large data here at HU - ya'll have helped a lot!
I thought I'd save my boyfriend some $ by just posting pics of other peoples flowers
Thanks for coming! See you soon.
"I want you, to run away with me and experience something new. Anything you've already done just won't do."
If you want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve.- Brian Tracy ~
yuup. Well, I'm trying out again. :p
oh I know, part time car washer and then on the side I do some cabaret and then some opera at big shmancy parties
Can't Sleep. anyone else?
Thanks for the encouragement. Seeing is Believing. Healthy Scalps make healthy hair!
Watching Mars Attacks! - this is how you kill a Sunday after football season
Thx for the follow & mentions Joe
love quoting movies? Let us know your favorites - we'll tweet them for you.
Seriously put on a lot of holiday weight.. wow.. if im not careful i'll go back to middle school weight.. ah!!
cute twitter pic...
Grab your growlers...We now have all 7 Brew Dr. Kombucha flavors on tap at our Hollywood location including our brand new Jasmine Lavender!
hellzyeah, lolol..you're not getting another opportunity like this girl. >_>
we be steady mobbin
We have Donna Wilkinson, VP of HR for the , on hand to answer your questions. Tweet at us with #big10expo!
Welcome back to the States,
also a big fan. From saint Paul.
lazy ass lol
Photoshoot on the beach..
We are in the June issue of Pain Magazine for Shop of the Month... How cool is that? Go check it out!
ok im gonna help u promote this so ill post it 2
we all know....it wouldnt be boring if i were there ;)
Enjoy today, because you never know what tomorrow holds!
RT : Time does not wait, make your move!
Top sales again this week.. always keep the hustle strong and your motives pure.
Round 2 is almost completed. Ai is the leader at -11, followed by SH Kim, NYC, and Inkster.
Two words: climate change
awesome story, society really need these good souls to take on the modern day corporate vampire behemoths. Yea Jeff M!
Can't even go back to sleep; irritated than a bitch;
Lovin da job. I make money, clown around, i get to hear how beautiful i am ALL DAY lolz
Today marks my last week at NavigationArts. Winding down my projects and polishing off "how to" guides. Thankful for 2+ yrs at NavArts!
yep. A question answered by a blog article frm our atty Dan Witte but thanks for your link as well. Cheers!
Sydney b. is open today from 11:00-3:00 pm. Lots of new arrivals to see. Come in and get the kids a Sydney b. balloon.
ahh it's AMAZING!! So are the Philly boutiques. In love!
Tomorrow for the Kentucky Derby.
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou wow she crazy
I may be crazy.. but crazy is better then stupid.
Hm... I'm beginning to wonder if I'm an undercover introvert.
It's still not too late to support a young business person today. It's Lemonade Day, so find a lemonade stand and drink up.
“: true story. I am planning on doing some "matchup" wallpapers with both teams though”--that's fair
juicy j came out too and they did their song then he did some 3 6
Are You Ok?
Thrill of the night: #WoodyAllen wins for "Midnight in Paris". Well done!!
yep. He got pissed when rangers offered to pay him his worth. They said peace out and went after Yu
very funny talk at Pecha Kucha last night. Evolution and taxonomy of Big Bird. A loving piss-take of the scientific process.
#NP Sam Is Dead -
Migraine hangover.
“: #shoutout to the doctor from MA that performed adele's throat surgery.”
king kinda look like a monkey
Same here! I'm getting involved with PRSA again, so hopefully I'll see you more at those activities.
“: thank u!! I have a bad toothache. ;(” I feel for ya.... That sux I bet it's like a migraine...
your own girlfriend out runs you.
Singing "Happy Never After" at the top of my lungs!!!!
what up in the club Canuck? It's Mickey!
My #fridayreads is still THE DEVIL IN MUSIC the last Julian Kestrel mystery by Kate Ross. I'm savoring it and making it last.
I'm thinking about joining the Marines just so my personal history will be more interesting after I'm done.
from my experience, they look at those situations as added value. Properties want to monetize, but have no valuation marks.
lol well as far as I know he is since no one says he is in a different state.
Ha! If we ever have a meeting of the minds, remind me to have it at an off-site location ;)
be a man, ur no longer a boy...
": #AllRelationshipsNeed two committed people with the same hopes for the relationship."
Why do customers act surprised when I don't call them back until Monday? "I called you on Sat. why didn't u call me back?"
Go Cats!!
... #SSSS1 i suppose Keith Brown/STEC covers both as a Cache but more as a true storage tier
Is he actually good, or just 7ft? RT : Boris Bojanovsky, a 7-3 center from Slovakia, has announced he is signing with FSU.
#everybodyeats even Pee-Wee Herman
CMS: Gymala expects there to be 100-200 individual sites in the UMW web site network.
Thanks to , & , and the family for an inspiring session today!
definitely, as long as gets me a hoodie at the american apparrel sale
Give voice to your soul-WIN scholarship to transformative writing course by & thru essay contest bit.ly/qsf5ps
DUDE.. about to have a newsroom cleansing.. a purge and cleanse!
I told yo butt to call me I ain't got dad house number
Awe thanks!ツ Your so sweet!!
Are you really a sailor's wish? Or are you an optical illusion caused by a woman sitting on a rock holding half a fish?
Much appreciated!!!!
A click, a glance, and a few moments of your time. You can spare a few minutes to check out something incredible right?
“Here in Florida, we have something special we never enjoyed at Disneyland...the blessing of size. There's enough land here to hold all the
If you have questions, we'd happily send along references.
Live right on Crown Point overlooking the bay. Can't beat it!
All human power is a compound of time and patience. Honor de Balzac
Sending positive vibes and hugs to , and my beautiful niece Avery. Love you all.
Girl parts are naturally nasty.
Why thank you lovely! :-) RT : u are 2 cute lol RT : I just love the word ratchet..It is hilarious LOL
Great article, thank you for sharing! I signed up for the bibliography from www.jnforensics.com. Incredible resource!
Brii's party tonight. Hell Yeahh, ready to have fun(:
I don't love it at all :)
No news is good news!
Well I'm in little rock right now!! But after my sisters wedding I'll be back out there :)
I like how Freddy is the only guy who calls me during the day :)
#SometimesIGetSickOf Doing People Favors
Jazmine sullivan makes good music!.
I went cold turkey on weed today good luck
I'm not giving up my baby boy for that pot smoking, laundry detergent eating, nerd XD
lmao oh snap
oh. I just wanted to let you know I'm listening bud!
either way we appreciate every brand that submits there line to us. thanks for taking the time
i fell really bad/sad right now will u plz #follow me and make me fell. Better plz :/
Or marijuana use.
Lol ( : Well Happy Be-Lated Birthday !
Can I just say real quick that the tumblr.com homepage is perfect? I love the interaction and functionality, click around and you'll see.
sucks because he's "mad as shit"!! Lol
Gettin work done today, and looking forward to tonight with my BEAUTIFUL wife.. big plans.
I know what u mean!! I love it, but its kinda stressful too!!!
Heyy getting braces today! Who remembers what color vinny's braces were??
not usually a fan of banning things, but i do believe CA should ban foie gras. tortured & force-fed geese =/= "good" food.
Soo im really hungry.....
Yeah it's cool...
I know but my parents wont buy them rught now but i want them AH!!!!
What's your favorite swimming stroke? Butterfly Stroke? Front Crawl? Dog Paddle? Let us know!
Cleaning out my childhood closet. Metric tons of stomach-churning old love poems. Vom.
RT : Singers, Songwriters and MC's come out to The Mad Frog, 1 East McMillan Street, Cincinnati, Oh 45219 tonight and......
"Hot Shot" and "Deep End" mixed by Chuck Alkazian(Elton John, Christina Agualara) are now up!
We are playing a real live show! Salute. Feb. 4th at the ever lovin' Hole in the Wall. We go on at 10 pm so no excuses, fogies.
Perhaps a new advocacy line? I don't think it would be revoked, but we could shine an even brighter light on #Komen,
Hope likes all the pictures , and I left on her phone...hahaha
Omw To Get My Hair Braided
Happy birthday !
No on ....bad connection
Wings. Wings. Wings. Wings. Wings. Wings. Wings.
Theoretical quote from the cheery worker at Metro Market on Valentines Day. "don't buy into the American marketing machine"Guy hates his job
Good F Morning !!! if u know me and u know my place ...u r invited 2 the PARTY !!! ALL WEEKEND !!!!
Create your future from your future not your past. -Werner Erhardt
Had a wonderful Senior dinner with my fabulous student employees! Thank you for all of your hard work!
I come home and find a new puppy 🐶
What. Is. My. Life. Right. Now.
You're a terrible singer, but I love this song💚
Eating a #glutenfree cupcake from My life will never be the same.
Hollywood and Wall Street are certain that The Hunger Games can generate as much as $125M domestically this 3-day weekend
Had a good time tonight to think about my faith. It's so complex and beautiful, this life is.
Guess a big hug will do..
him & I..we're so good right now. Things might be actually falling into place!! eep!
Got chinese food for our advisory party at school, then got out of school because they don't want us there. It's been a good day. :)
cool, thanks!
You are obviously borderline retarded. I would suggest a cat-scan and extra medication.
Cerrone is kicking ass
I hope to meeting u soon..... Avril so lets chat more
ironically dropping down to the 'basic' track in #pgmclass has increased my ability to spend time with (and understand) the material
“: Can I Hit it In The Morning ??” yes u can
Down by 11 end of the 3rd
hi I'd like to join in these festivities please and thanks!
facebook sucks dick
Kudos to for calling out pathetic effort in pro bowl
RIP Kim Figa.. <3 u will be so missed.
Its a beautiful day and I'm loving it!!!
Nothing like a home cooked meal for lunch!
I think we may be in the minority as well, but I hope that as we discuss and debate these issues we can create real change.
no fungus!? Dude I'm a vegetarian now and its all about the Mediterranean w a wheat crust
glad you liked it. Let me know if you need more in Bristol, happy to send.
THAT TWEET WASN'T ABOUT NATALIE HOLY SHIT. it was about my friend Jordan chill the hell out with that!
Happy autumn Reshapers! How are you staying motivated this week?
LAX you win again. Thanks
Haha! I have been desperate enough to try to fish out the clots and then choke it down. It would be worse to have it come back up
55% of a decision is made in the first 30 seconds of an interview. Escalante
UX is the most highly sought and paid title in creative now. She was bashing some egos as well as deflating salaries.
Mention that u seen me on twitter for free hello kitty and sanriogifts with purchase!! Sweetreflectionz on eBay!
much more heartbreaking. He wasn't only grieving her death, but also because she was becoming something she never wanted to be :(
Thats just stupidity.Didnt the U.S soldiers think that there would be been repercussions for this? Such training and professionalism.
shadow man all up in my house with
haha I know! I have excellent judgement when it comes to people! You're one of the genuinely nice guys!
peppermint-flavored marshmallows? Yes.
ru n portland.oregon???
Something tells me you're wrong... lol! But if you're feeling down about it eat some ice cream... that's what I always do:)
This Bones is crazy af!.;o
Loved it! RT Should You Let Your Employees Work From Home? lnkd.in/CdBQnN
YES!!! Nice job telling the Truth of our industry Josh.
Yo, they never ask for a Lawyer...smh...
If you've read Jasmine Absolute, please post a review on Amazon or Goodreads.
"Introduce Your Startup" form has a validation error, throwing "Body is too long" while displaying "3 characters left". Thx.
Quick release guy, decent feet. But has some Fabre gunslinger in him. I'd rather see Austin Davis of USM
Honestly would not be as upset if the jacket was just listed as sold-out, but it wasn't. I paid for it and was not contacted.
Can't even get away from Spamming and jamming here on twitter. Someone always wanting to jack ya up ..Get a life !!!!!!!
#CIO Quote of the Day: "What we will be able to offer [the business] is beyond what they can even imagine at the moment."
when she dance I throw her dollas ' ;D
Congrats on getting your own day!! How de we celebrate?
beats go in! top notch spitta over here in OHIO
Can I PRETTY PLEASE still enter my stuff for the scavenger hunt????
Sweet. I think I'll start with He's my fav. You should meet.
I need to stop spending so much money. My yoloing has gotten out of hand lol
woah your soo good lol this is my other account i bearly use it but ya know i think i am gonna start!
Ha! I'm going to get everything done that I've put off due to watching nonstop hockey. Huge laundry pile, here I come!
What are the cross streets for the cam please
- Enjoy their music!
Everybody check ya mail when yu get home ACT score are sending out to ppls crib jus be aware
oh my
I love Charlotte and Mason.
Look sharp! The VP is there today RT I gotta get ready......but I don't wanna ::
haven't heard much about importance/impact of content quality yet... just assumed?
Yep, sure have. Intuition is def a beautiful thing, especially as an entrepreneur and when it comes to working with clients...
Cowards die many times before their actual deaths. - Julius Caesar
I like to think so
I was so impressed with the young actors in "Diary of a Worm, a Spider, and a Fly" presented by First Stage. Those kids can sing and act!
Well, it's 4 am. I'm just going to put on some and try to get some sleep. Goodnight!
hey girl! Doing pretty good!!(: how about you?
RT : Awesome show at last night to see ! Come back to SF soon!
RT Recreate your fave scene from "A Christmas Story" for a chance to win a trip to the #pcs_XMAS house! Details at AChristmasStoryScene.com
Thank you very much !!!
anytime boo (;
No. Haha. Not at all. I was actually out eating with Trevor lol
Dont donate to his account: He's not the real Barrett account. Here is the real account
Seriously only BOA would do something THAT stupid & not think twice.
Lowest scoring game in #Florida #lacrosse history. #Gators beat the #Buckeyes 5-4 during the #ALCTourney semifinals. Story to soon come.
Don't be tardy for the wedding!!! :)
has been added to the and show with VHS or Beta tomorrow night at the Basement!
but don't tell that to Melky Cabrera as he goes after No. 6 and pops out off the end of the bat (that or he broke it)...let's go Buster
Be Blessed...God will work it our 4 u!
You better not FUCK THIS UP. IT's my most favorite Cure SONG EVER. Haven't missed ONE TOUR since 1989.
#Scandal something new to aspire to - - a gladiator in a suit!
couldn't say it better myself.
I've never had problems with my card! U should come to the fountain!
but he's still alive 🐰🙏 nommin on da carrotz
Morning #PMACrew !! Enjoy this beautiful day!!
‘The Hunger Games ’ Book Club – Chapter 7! (VIDEO) Welcome back to Celebuzz ’s 100 Days of Hunger Games celebration. Today we are
The lineup drops next week. No official date, but my guess is Tuesday. Happy Valentine's Day hippies.
I Love You So Much!!!!
Hopefully everyone's #Tebowner is going limp now!
The count down is on! The is only 6 days away! Get your tickets so you don't miss this incredible event!!!!
Stop in for a late breakfast and enjoy our chocolate chip pancakes!
June 10, rocking.
I think about this all the time when news sites ask readers "What do you think?" then show no interest in the answers.
We are beginning webinar on delivering Great Webinars. Thank you Tim Jones & Cindy Clay
“: Now following follow bk” ---- #followedback sexy :)
Today was a good day. 2 of our 4 guys made the national team.
I know! TECH 621 class just helped further my love for everything on the internet. Good luck on your presentation! :)
Lol I would text murphy, and he would text back all randomly nshit wtf hahahahaha.
Home from work. That is all
Waiting 4 my window to be replaced.I hope those guys get convicted when they listen to the Christian CDs they stole after smashing my window
Go for it... SquE-Z me!
I know that but if you try to search it on YT then they might not show it
Woohoo!!! “: BIG snaps to , super-fab RKPR media guru who landed our client on The Doctor's today. You. Go. Girl.”
john - my eyes are bleeding? no ice cream.. i can't believe i just read that (or is it blue bell?) ah.... poor john!
- - the #GLEEprom was so amazing!! So emotional! I don't want to lose my #NewDirections next season! :(
Let us know what you thought of the exhibit!
Discovering the digital humanities helped me feel better. But that's still very "tech" heavy.
I couldn't agree more babe :)
If you're interested in eco-crafting, then visit Pierogi Picnic who will be showing you how to make your own accessories with a green focus.
Going for a walk :)
Transferring at LAX is one of the harder things I've ever done. On a bus dodging planes on the runway now.
We do see neurological involvement more often than not at any stage of Lyme disease.
incredible night last night thank you !!!
No doubt De'Anthony is present AND future for UO; I think his speed, & Barner's, is best displayed on edge, not between tackles
Aww...tehe i knew i'd get something from you before we left forr school, then you came back in&we talked again... #ItsASign !!(;
Good night my dear followers
"Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into #Destiny." - Harry S. Truman #HappyPayItFowardDay!
Good luck! We will be watching at Buck Bradley's!!
I love how people are preparing for graduation right now and they don't know how much it's sucks being in college!!!!
Maybe next year I'll start acting my age
I wanna get wasted with Dasha this weekend 😁😜
Meeting at Hotel Gansevoort with
do they know how to count....? It was 5 months ago!!!!
(not really, but if I keep telling myself that, maybe I'll start 2 believe it ...) Be good, Babies! Namaste.
All I know is if it's not here by the 15th I'm getting my extra shipping money back...
me: wats the difference between a bucket of shit and you? idiot: uh well it smells? me: no the bucket xD😂😂😂👏👏👏
is the man. That's it over and out.
callin him soon. I'm studying right now for a test. I'll be done ASAP then we will blow that shit up
but how does milos go from 1st rnd loss to beat mandy? i mean, he's not exactly a mug on clay. tho apparently, neither is milos.
God loves you
welcome my dude
goodness I hope not.(assume refer to the cereal-like substance, not girls raised in the south. Hope that not issue either)
You're always welcome anytime. Sunday's at 11am. I'd love for you to come.
AWESOME RT Just got off the phone with Cherie Currie "The Runaways"
Congrats to Anita from Arlington for winning a dinner for two from Extra Virgin Modern Italian Restaurant The Village at Shirlington!
whoa, I've been away awhile. "Promoted by" tweets?! Yuck!
I have to stay away from bike stores, Peter Sagan is convincing me that the Cannodale Supersix evo is prettiest bike going.
I love that at Denver airport I get a metal fork and plastic knife. I really think I could do a lot more with a fork than a butter knife
My last is about to go to this subway sandwich, I'm so hungry dude
what?! Where are you moving??
Thinking of you keeps me awake, dreaming of you keeps me asleep, being with you keeps me alive, but most of all loving you keeps me happy
It's weird when a Joy Division song that's your ring tone is playing in a bar.
Hammock time!
How US entrepreneurs r using "MacGyver" style ingenuity for transformational products & services.
I have a FB page called "I like my own status updates" hahaha
true true
“: US Politics vs Reality TV #notsodifferent”
Listenin to the Birthday Cake Remix #jammin.. Feelin good about that Advertising Exam!!
just for that, ima kick jakes ass when i see him. hahah
Well, that's a myth. Seriously. Think about where their mouths are. And, I have to give it up to that guy on the pen comment.
#HappyEaster to all of our followers!
In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty
snow day :)
Apparently all the cool kids are on twitter. And I can possibly get laid from being on twitter.
Thanks for the link. I appreciate it.
Thanks for the follow; delighted to follow back.
Seconding Toure's emotion.
EB Mass Ave - tractor Trailer stuck under Thomas Circle. Use N St or L St NW (both one way East) as alt routes.
Anti-aging toolkit should include Hyaluronic Acid the plumping space filler the body looses over time that creates wrinkles.
“: I don't know why you mean so much to me.”
Coming soon... Dr Tates' Book Signing Tour. Come 'Meet & Greet' Dr Tates and be the first to pick up his new book. More to come...
#Congress: #Afterschool “provides an effective learning environment and afterschool activities. This must continue.”–Udaya
Lmaoooo smdh.. “: #TipsForLadies...sometimes sharing info about your tampon and its changing is too much info... #oomf”
Shopgirls, you're probably not going to make a sale if you tell me, "That dress would look great with a fedora."
has been a great pilot on the way home.. Team work baby!
Car of the future has wings - and 279000 price tag - leapfrog tag
livb/Adonis winningest husng reg ever I think, lol at his analysis on last hand when fish bets river
look it was late and i was tired!
Yesterday was yet another sad day. So close, yet so far...
Michael Fischer's 2 broad overviews in Cultural Anthropology may be nice grounding pieces to set up ethnographies
About to see #thegirlwiththedragontatto with !!
Props to u man...Congrats
Congratulations to our Vice Chair-elect, Eric Neidle! Follow him on twitter (and encourage him to tweet)!
hello. Not much watching t.v you?
my beat bang
How nice of you! :) RT: we have plenty in Chi...and we share
I swear I dnt understand my ex....
lmao don't make me shoot you daw!
Second day working with my Dad- ohh I forgot how he loves his copies and copy machine :-) off to file ;-)
plz follow me for my birthday plzz Alex
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. – Chinese Proverb
I'm never going back To the girl that lacked faith in romance I'm done lets dance Keep it up-take a chance I'm yours I'm all yours
It sucks when it smells really bad but you dont know where the smell is coming from....
let me know when you are playing in or around Nashville again...do some more photos :)
U guys were awesome at skinny's Lounge, I love the album "Not so sleeping, Not so beauty" been listening 2 it all day:)
So went to eat sushi, then went to a mariachi place... Fun stuff that only happens in movies..but happened in real life..fun stuff I tell ya
thanks lady, so glad you enjoyed it!
we can discuss ;-)
A writer can become obsessed with the peripheral rituals of writing--such as sharpening pencils or visiting the Grand Canyon.
Different brain makeups, such as ADHD, bipolar, or autism, are not problems in and of themselves. Work creatively with the brains you meet!
Happy 4th of July from the Campopoly team! We are proud to be an all-american company!
Wtf is this on the tv like? ?
What it do baby? *in my voice*
Perhaps not the most work productive morning, but I did a lot of housework. Flexible hours are lovely as long as I remember time mgmt.
Facebook Finances Leaked: $3.3 Billion In 2011 Revenue & Employees Own 30%
The RWJF Aligning Forces Challenge Phase II live judging session at the AF4Q national meeting is just 1wk away!
the bottle is calling. whoa, you're sinking. fall down, pass out, no you can't feel a thing. and if you start to honey, just keep drinking.
an MSNBC anchorette who's too insecure in her beliefs to let have a live mic on her show RT : What's a Tamaron Hall?
“: Gatorade is so so so much better than cocaine. Fuck drugs except for weed if you consider that a drug”wise words from David
Ha, that's the first response I got on both Facebook and Twitter!
Drown me in
All these dumb ass seniors hatin on a sophomore. Team Bailey all the way. I don't even care what you think.
For Helsinki? No clue, but you could try reaching out to Rasmus Molander (HBS '10)
My windshield wipers and my mascara have both stopped working this week. Is someone trying to tell me something?
CES2012 was amazing with Lifestyle Connect™ being honored with three innovations awards. I can't tell you how proud I am of the team!
wishing everyone a wonderful and hopefully sunny San Diego weekend!
In final contemplation stage: paper on unintentional archives of cultural production on corporate content-sharing platforms.
"When in doubt, choose change." -
So Davey Jones of the Monkees died?
Mind in one place, heart in another ..
Who is following the game? Whats happening?
I get to be fat today two people got me breakfast and made cupcakes and another friend got me red velvet ^.^
Time to go hard in school this week. Forreal forreal.
The $200 ounce special is back on Chemdawg #4!
Follow back me please? :D <3 <3
Best Albums Of 2008: An Answer To Your Call For More Britney Spears
Some interesting ass shit! Thanks for the follow!
A thought - I would trust a man with a lower skill level but higher integrity rather than one with a high skill level and low integrity.
You know your I'll when you watch the jeremy Kyle show..
we have bigger goals ahead :) the chiefs are just a speedbump and our tire was flat
If your not a real fan you might as well say
Train is...just awful.
come get some!!
Thanks to Jessah Foulk in Senator Herb Kohl's office for her (and the senator's) years of support for !
How big is your ****? Really? Why would you ASK someone that? If you weren't even together? Skeeze.
you need to listen to #PIL2 before you judge it off of album sells because its a classic. these days you have to beef to sell well
Commitment to objectives is a function of the rewards associated with their achievement ~ Douglas McGregor
Fred Meyer cleans up Greenwood store parking lot after complaints of trash, transients. Two full-time guards patrolling....
I was DC for the neighborhood team in 3rd grade (which always lost). Think I could get the gig?
I kinda rather for the Heat to face OKC in the finals not LAL, cause we Lack size/cant guard Andrew Bynum AND Pau Gasol. Two 7-Footers.
Just slapped the sh*t out of
Reading an article on #Buddhism...interesting stuff!
thrashers vs preadotors- we must win, regualr season for NHL starts next week, we gotta step up
I know, it killed me that i couldn't go! It was AMAZING. Better than i imagined. I wish i could of stayed for more than a day
How many weeks left in the quarter?
Phenom job on this season of TUF!! You rock! Camera angles and editing, 2 thumbs way up! One question: Why no clothing sponsors?
Don't be jealous :) How was SA?
yeah gotta come up with something origional
"If you want to view paradise, simply look around a view it. Anything you want to, do it. Want to change the world, there's nothing to it."
Thanks for the RT!
Can't believe how great it is out here! It's so amazing to see all the sights
I want to move to Australia right now to have summer agian
Look forward to glancing your way on your upcoming visit to KY on the 18th. #NoelJustBringsIt!!
So bored
we are playing tonight at , 10pm. cheap drinks !
seems that this would have to happen before any chance of curricula being changed
not tonight!! :)
Cheers for a rapist: Ched Evans fans planning grotesque show of support as ... - Daily Mail
i really wanna popsicle...even if its kinda cold outside...
Today in 1864: Lincoln takes a photograph that will ultimately be put on the $5 bill (via )
. re-emphasizes the importance of attending to the diachronic dimensions of models—e.g. classification systems
every time i turn on the t.v i see this shit
Tadeusz Borowski's "This Way for the Gas Ladies and Gentlemen" book of short stories:jarring,absurd beauty,powerful.
It' National Kissing Day. KISS AWAY! Oh, wait...I'm single!
#GagaCollabWithBritney Yes. Please.
NSN comes out this Friday!! are you excited?? I kno I am!
and snowboard packed! Ready to head up to Michigan!
Gotta go :/ shoutout to ! I missed talking to her!
Missing MO42. Blown save by Robertson
If only they'd made the movie before the Spice Girls kicked you out of the band...
Happy Birthday!! luv u so much!!! ur my inspiration my luv!!!...=D <3
What are your JRs focused on: scouts, agents, parents, draft.. Or their teammates?!! We'll start to know on Feb 18th!
Y'ALL GET BACK NOW! ticket for big freedia/katey red PROCURED!
Bout to stroll around a lake, then take the wifie shopping for her birthday
Yes I hope so too. It's not enough money to worry about but I thought your staff should be aware
if you talk about somebody thats suppose to be your friend when they walk away then your not a real friend !
I agree with Conor- keep engaging and good things will happen. Just stay your active self!
YES. I will text you.
Bum cheeks lol.
Cruising down sunset blasting Guts by . Song makes you drive with the windows down. Blasting guts lmao
Getting ready for my trip to Denver, hopefully this goes as planned!
We're hip!
Sweet almost there. What's the deal with that place? I'd be fine staying at a dump downtown. CC might not want us there?
Seriously in love with #TheArtist. Is that vain of me? Just some of my favorite writing I've ever done! <3
$10 off a web flyer design for a Black Wednesday event if you mention this post. (Expires 11/15/11).
killing it with reissues...great job on the Louvin Bros & Mercury Rev lps! Love em both!!
Want to make extra money? Free to Join W.tshirtgang.com and you have an instant partner in the t-shirt industry.Your ideas our machines
no... But I wish I was
Could Browns actually get David DeCastro? that would definitely bolster the line
listening to describe the importance of a personal mission.
“: How many people can say they watch worldstarhiphop with they coach?? THIS GUY #swag #yolo #UDbonding”
The G.O.O.D Music label has not signed us yet F.Y.I.
You are welcome. It is a great list!
and ill walk anywhere around Philly or camden for that matter. only place more messed up than bmore is dc.
walking barefoot thought it was a weed stuck b/n my toes.
If you don't like listening to them get the fuck off lau 2.
sittin here with listening t the boys and Alex Gaskarth
If you can't make this Thursday's RefreshDC event, email us at so we can open up some spots for wait listers. Thanks!
Life's too short to hide feelings, express how you feel.
am i allowed to buy a car in the UK and get it shipped to the US just so i can have my wheel on the right side?
Shows like today's make me pray for "Name that Fattie" or "Bret Olivario's WOB". Skins talk= trifling
RT : If there's a marker around, I'm smelling it. -->& I believe, those that don't really r a complete disgrace<----
Well, then our American-ness has served a noble purpose; yea!
Ima start a riot ima start a riot....
Good idea! ;)
I'm a bit ashamed of saying this but Bridesmaids was great (for a rom-com). It's like a female version of "The Hangover".
Love the #teamnickasaur family:)
Can i interest you in some Wang?
Thanks for the #FollowFriday!
The stuff post 1980 is only accessible via car and off a toll road. Enjoy!
yesterday slipped from me and completely spaced on calling you back! I'll give you a ring later today. :)
It was great to see you there Harmony! Congratulations again!
At RIC w/ DOE, President Carriuolo & #RI Gov Chaffee at White House Community Action Summit for Init on Ed Excellence for Hispanics this am!
": What you do every day matters more than what you do once in a while. #life #motivation #quotes" she posts the most real shit
Ah, I'm so bored!
he might not stop if you do that. hm. bikini pics of a much older, fatter man, perhaps, with hot pink lipstick
Nice shot Trishe!
Watching New Moon...and this 3 year old is watchin...but he won't stop askin question after question -.-
haha. It's 1:43 here. & I get up at 5:30. lol, I might try to sleep in social studies (;
Listened to Audra McDonald's "Way Back to Paradise" CD today; still electrifying. The songs are superb, and Audra is amazing.
Wow would i be mad if i was a Giants fan
When planning a campus visit, remember classes for the Spring semester begin January 17th. We always offer self-guided tour maps/passes!
are we still going to Madagascar when it comes out?!
that'd be a resounding YES!
Happy New Year Everyone! Be real when making those New Year Resolutions. www.fastboomerfitness.com
congrats mike!
I need them to come in July or August haha I'll be in Europe for the majority of June! :)
Known as the Scum for short RT : Oh my god, yes. RT : I've often thought there should be a gay soccer bar called Man United.
Beauty is but skin deep.
WaikaloaMarriott30: Golden lights reflecting enchanted sea and sky
#bookfest Today I'm on a noontime panel with Tom Bissell, David Truer, and This could be epic!
be careful they might be zombies coughing up lung bits
it was unexpected ! I saw him and i was like hey that guy looks like ricardo and i was like wait it is!
RT I have never taken any exercise, except sleeping and resting..
If we drink more PBR, the Yanks will respond
TRUTH. Clearly not cynical enough for the grassroots team. (both he and !)
Bend but don't break....
"I make my bed about once every Kardashian marriage." lmaooooo
Im the first one, fuck you -_-
Congrats to all those done with finals and hang in there if your still taking....:)
I just dnt wna get hurt again...
"Cuttin down" HOT New slang vocab word for BAltimore. Coined by Jesse Hanlon. Means. Trimming down the array of friends to one. Meaning girl
Home sick. still marathoning Supernatural on Netflix
My day couldn't have been any better 😊
Mikey, my No. 1 follower for everything Ravens and Flyers..way to go brother!
I've avoided all reviews until I write my own, which is almost done (and also to stay spoiler free).
our show at on saturday has sold out as of last night. very limited availability at the door. hope ya'll got tix.
Prevention is better than cure. Desiderius Erasmus
Oy! New fun FF: for all you at
If you use the ramp from southbound Meridian Street to eastbound I-70, Make alternate plans. It will be closed Monday-Friday
spent hours last night looking for my library books in Cambridge. Finally found when I sat on couch with feet up, bourbon in hand
Random bar tour with moustaches
And by his wounds we are healed." Isaiah 53:5
Even if your a Grenade! RT Outta the entire Jersey Shore Cast, is pretty much the only one that retweets his fans.
RT : Ohio State was ranked 4th in social media savvy by Student Advisor. Kudos to our ahead-of-the-curve communicators....
How old is he? My parents' dogs both dealt with seizures later in life.
but even if there was a flood, the fossils date over millions of years
Well shoot. I hope to meet you someday.
Each small but negative decision seems harmless at the time, but before you know it the droplets have collected and turned into an ocean.
It is way too easy to shop here because the clerks are so darn nice.
Spinning for a beautiful packed house along with Adam Foster at Haven lounge...
consistantly not with a head in this game!
Less than 24hrs away from taping of Ep3 in with guest and more! FREE TKTS
We've partied through our NYE bangovers and we're set to hit the studi-udio tomorrow. Debut LP coming your way, spring 2012. Get you some.
Just read a review of Revenge and I think I should be watching it. - they say it's very Dynasty/Dallas-like.
that's my Eastside alias. A mixture of Gyro king and MKE's George Clooney
I'm tired of being in sandy springs.. I need a break.
Listens - Need Valentine drivers now($8/ea) to all NW towns. Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
Great 1st rehearsal for The Vagina Monologues - feeling super inspired!!!
Great game tonight. Hope your Steelers dominate another NY team Sunday!
The dog was created specially for children. He is the god of frolic. ~Henry Ward Beecher
ugh, i want my lip pierced so bad.
“: I can't do it. tells it how it is.” bull... When was the last time he was right about anything??
Jessica Simson is so huge she looks like she has 5 kids in there, not just one. Holy cow!
and I seen that coming.!
Whoa, 60 minute phone call to Germany is a bit pricey. If the kids are talking it is Skype only from here on out!
I will get my tweet one day, I have faith in him.
Cubby!! Hope you're great bro.
thanks so much!!! :)
that should have said fam not fan stupid auto correct. Or just let love find you. When you stop looking it falls in your lap.
We had an awesome time playin for Kappa Sigma bid day party in Macon, GA. Thanks for coming out!
One of my all-time favorite books ... and words.
Hey #Laker fans, what is up with all the Tetris music during the game at Staples?
In backyards, waging battles with the wooden swords, but now we've stepped into a cruel world...
i think accusations of child abuse are serious& if valid, very concerning.Sallie Clark is Dedicated, accessible, has my vote
about to pass out please pick me
please show Jericho who's really best in the world!
Found an article that has helped me cope with the Mass Effect endings. Took away some of the bitter aftertaste
don't forget, she was also Stands with a Fist in Dances w. Wolves
In a great social media breakout at #NSF2012 and just got the best idea for teams and helping build online hub presence..
Start with the end in mind - what do you want students to learn.
I want a big house were we both can live
I Guess it was u miss understandin!!:}?_ luks at u and smiles^
Trying to remember if John Travolta ever touched me inappropriately
And for the record, it's a concept mix based entirely upon "connections" between the records (samples, word association, pairings, etc).
Learning how helps to shift values through communication & Entertainment Education in developing communities
Yea ima go see him today RT Is mamma or someone already going to visit Jay-Jay ?
:D It's one of my favorites too!!
Here we go again. Smoke shop owners say the state ban on synthetic marijuana, er "potpourri" is illegal and unconstitutional. Talkin 2 1 now
RT : Playoff baseball! tourney game tomorrow. Sounds like a great time for the #tweagles to stay hot!
I call good clean fun when I hear my cat using the litter box and then 1 second later she jumps on my desk and litter falls out of her toes!
I find myself in the unsavory position of wanting a Philly team to win.
People disgust me
Watching 90's Nickelodeon shows all night :)
You are where you are today because of what you did in the past. Tomorrow the past is today. #goals SeanLetwat
doubt I was invited before!
Talking to my sister in Tagalog on Twitter. I am trilingual.
it's white panda...Hulk Hogan choked one out in China for my birthday. it's reversible
Listen you bitchez its called the "quiet lounge" for a reason
wouldn't mind seeing some handsome man named Duda go yard today!
Good morning (:
#orlandochilicookoff today! gorgeous, perfect weather in orlando right now. happy weekend everyone! XOXO
A3: Leadership is a performance. You have to be conscious about your behavior, because everyone else is. Carly Fiorina
sorry i meant :-/ it's just lk any other case., media will start2 report whn there's traction n the case nthing to report now
No problem. I'm certainly not one to begrudge fucking. ;-)
Don't make fun of Pat : Popeye could have done much better than Olive Oyl.
Douglass Gibran I [Director, Writer, & Producer]*
I want to slap you so hard across the face! Just to hope that you'd wake up and realize what you're words actually do to me! <//////3
its a first time in a while Missouri has done something good in sports!;)
Can a meat free diet be a healthy one?
The ones that are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones that do.
#JuniorSeau is the 9th member of 94 #Chargers SB squad to have passed away.
i cant wait to see you LOSE
Need a connect to David Mann(mr. Brown) my sis would love to meet him
New York is booked! See you next Thursday!
No help bro -.-
Mother, Momma, Mommy, Mama, Grandma, Granny, Grandmother, Sitty, Nannie...no matter what she is called, we will rise up and call her blessed
Calling all Linux experts: we need someone in Chicago for a paid consulting gig over at Know anyone?
airplanes don't give guys orgasms, mouths do
Today in jazz: 1923 Pianist Ellis Larkins born in Baltimore, MD.
Thanks bro! Yours too!
and I'm so disgusted by the service of your company. working with you was a nightmare.
There is a police car out in front of my house, sort of between my house and the next door neighbor. Creeps me out.
When the 'Mats "Alex Chilton" comes on , I have no alternative but to turn up the volume.
I would learn to play some softball for her tho ;) <33
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D
Happy mothers day to the most beautiful person that's taken care of me and has always been there when I needed her! 
Vitello's Jazz Club Hosts Jazz Relief for Japan/Concerts & Fundraiser Event with Support from Local Jazz Community
So sick
RT : Congratulations to ... on his nomination to serve as an FCC Commissioner.
meh, I thought I'd pass on this game
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Finding My Way- Rush
yes! got an A on my speech(:
Huzzah! My baby loves me!
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I saw Nathan Smart <3
Peoples trainrecks they post on here are fun to read sometimes..
I love my gym :) just got free qdoba
Football season. I get it. Keep buying me chapstick and teaching me drinking wine with straw methods and we're cool.
Chatted with Seven Lakes point guard Trey Pinkney after game. Good interview. He said turnovers killed them and felt they should have won.
Extended market hours this week Saturday September 18th 10 am - 2 pm.
we are in carmel valley! How long are you in SF?
Have you seen the mural by Fuzzy Popcycle? If not, then head over to our Beachside Cafe booth to check it out!
go for your new movie
When choosing an exchange organization, ask if they conduct fingerprint background checks. If not, find another company.
: if you were nicer to an employee who quit, they would have quit anyway. Quitter is a quitter. Let em quit cause u pushed em.
Went to a Michelle Bachman Capitol hill intern BBQ today. She doesn't seem like a real thing, even from one foot away
I love my life, and all the people in it
Help me with my Followers :D
LOL u really been on some different shit this month im dieing
Personally talked to Homeland Security Director Jimmy Gianato, asking him to do everything possible for people in Mercer & Wayne Counties.
! hour speech over a friken remote
oh, and those people who don't have jobs.
So glad I grew my bangs out
Finally saw #Hugo last night. I liked the film better when it was about cooking and titled Ratatouille.
“: Isn't it weird how the people who hate us most can't stop talking about us?”
What's up for 2012?
Just trashed Hugo in Bibliocommons. I HAVE NO FEAR!
Get her then !
Dear geniuses, please create and market Star Trek's replicators so that I can have cupcakes whenever I want. [signed] Ivanna Treat
Always a pleasure to spend a hot minute with
Email is changing. If you can't make your email accessible for mobile, your losing out on a potential 22% increase in viewers.
Unexpected all-day emergency UAT will make the weekend's arrival that much sweeter.
if u havent had SEE"S CANDY from california u must must try it makes Godiva's look like a beginner lol marvelous candy loves it 1800 SEE's..
Ice strapped to head!
'call me Hellen Keller, because I'm a fucking miracle worker'
your soo lucky i want it to rain in florida soo bad because i want to go mudding but it want rain :'(
DEAR GOD
Yeas, ma'am.
The icebreaker Nasha Rasha is the location for intimate dinner, a professional business lunch or after work drinks.
RT : Oh, I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
no if, you will. you kno ur shit + study youre going to pass. Youre good. Great things happen 2great ppl bro!
It's official, Ron Saint Germain has begun the 7 Blue mixing process ( he's mixing our new tracks right now!)
people follow me please anybody
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”
Just finished the first section in The Vixen Manual. So far I am impressed, but my expectations weren't that high from the start.
Set your cell 2 receive our updates 4 Lunch, Dinner & Drink specials! Exciting events like our Bad Behavior & Hot Body Contest on Oct 22, 09
As a realtor, I strongly believe in protecting my clients rights by consistantly seeking to achieve a high level of competence.
Why all the love for Tiger? Wasn't he vilified for his choices just a few short months ago
Gm tweets $alute! The best way to predict your future is to create it.No one is "SelfMade" everyone had a parachute packed for them in life.
You fit me better than my favorite sweater.
#rbms09 I myself already am confused with the two options suggested for RBMS. Sheesh.
Thanks for the freish taper got me times square stylin
Ok audition today at Theatre Emory. Fumbled lines. Now at the Alliance to break down set in the Black Box.
how many points for B. Hatton?
so You're saying your Communist?
THAT JAMAICA safe or not??
If the war on terror is over, why do we have soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan?
Press Release
omg I looked like death so I went home wish I coulda saw my boyy :(
Lots to do today but I wanna hang out with my boo!
how do you do that?? Lol
yes and so does the entire world. They do not seem to be moved
If it werent for football idea take my happy ass to the ridge! #Realtalk gotta love lasalle doe
no problem
How about a #P90X workout? I usually like to do the plyometrics or yoga workout on the weekends.
CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic is today. Looking forward to a great day! Best Wishes to All!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 49
I feel so #ForeverAlone today..!! XD
RT : At #nfoic summit social media called "the great equalizer" in fight 4 #opengov #fb & #twitter lead the way
wow! Lucky, I love that place!!:)
Once I don't have a cold and the weather actually gets nice I want to just take a walk in the park
Summer grounding?RT Do I disown my kids if they like the #bears?
or only responsive by tweet lol
wild peals of laughter shattering the silence of the office. Not mine, this time
MT : Listening to #NPR talk on interracial marriage. In 1990 only 48% of ppl thought it was acceptable, today 83% <
ALERT! Today we will be closed from 2-5pm for a private event. Good thing we reopen just in time for happy hour! :::clink!:::
Felt like in class today with all the dancing before the teacher walks in hah
ONE MORE DAY! Online Registration is still open til the end of today. Please purchase ur tickets ASAP! At-the-Door prices will go up.
you won't break her heart?
Getting carpal tunnel from magic piano.
Pelosi, Hoyer off to WH for debt commission meeting
I'm mixing a song for a Paul McCartney project tomorrow! No, he isn't singing it, but he wrote it and I'm excited anyway! E!
Hey are you gonna get a new P.O box!!?? (:
Have this hunch that the #Nets are going to steal one tonight against the #Knicks. Nets have fooled me before though.
Also, I am predicting that in 3 years time Swansea will be making runs into Europa League.
Thank you, Paul! Happy New Year to you, too! :)
I used to have self esteem But then I ate that too
"Don't forget to bring It" "I won't" "So did you bring it?" ..."Shit"
How is your Saturday so far? What healthy foods have you eaten today?
Should be out around the beginning of Dec.
yes so always think before you react a world from the wise
and the answer is—definitely not!
they probably don't fail you as bad as they failed her.
:Thanks for following me on Twitter:)
Turns out the #bellabike is the ideal NYC transportation unit. Especially living close to the #centralpark loop.
PARTY TONIGHT AT THE BENFORD
i ate a little bit but i have to watch it.
So glad we have tix 4 "Jesus Christ Superstar" in Nov. ! I Just found out it'll be on Broadway w/previews Mar, '12!
for real tho bre..seein all these tweets ppl hatin on #420. If u dont smoke then it shldnt bother u what day it is..damn STFU
Ok I got u
“I want my world to be fun. No parents, no rules, no nothing. Like, no one can stop me. No one can stop me.” -
Don't agree w claims re "I'm an expert" at e-learning. Although I've used online tools for 25 yrs, it's still in its infancy. Lots new.
& Sorry I missed u guys this afternoon!
What is fat, ginger and pregnant? Nothing..
my life has been very un-gnarly lately. Sometimes I wish you would change it.
call me when you get a chance.
Happy to see you here too, and thanks for the re-following.
This is the last time im missing a game and track practice
RT : ...One day closer to deliciously cheap drinks on a masterful pubcrawl! -Cant wait
i chose to get annoying too.<3
Just wrote a song about Civil War history thinly disguised as a song about prohibition: "The Night the Still Caught Fire."
Alright so mom and I are in Pennsylvania. Only 12 more hrs to go -_-
I'm watching season 1 via Roku. I almost forgot how much I LOVE this show.
how sweet....that's wats up;)
are you at the state championship game?
How awkward would it be to be actually seated next to the audience cam at the Jay-Z SXSW #LeaveMeAloneAudienceCAM!
batman is "big boned." No, really. Heh!
Rondo is in beast mode tonight. Triple double...
I'd like to get funky with someone's mama
This generation is FUCKED UP
My STD result card looks like a well used passport, that's good right?
Zito makes his third start today. How many good starts will it take for #SFGiants fans to take the $126M monkey off his back?
Guess I'll try to figure it out tomorrow. Dont forget to peep out our site! Post your Jobs for Free!!! Its easy. www.workforbooks.com
And can we get this 2nd game started already? Please...
RT : I really wanna go to Unifest!
Im asking do u want sum cookies 2
Is the tights as pants fashion trend linked to poverty. At unemployment office and its headquarters for this.
are you guys in?
Wings in 7
how do you get tickets to tomorrow's show?? Just found out about it and want to go
If you want to know where we might be. #Followus here. Look for #Hawaiian #Poke Bowl to pop in a town near you! Tomorrow morning DT
Punk & the godfather by playing #strangetimes can't complain too much
and Britney Spears!
Life is very short !!
do u still need one?
Tonight featuring a pumpkin spice martini! happy hour prices all day at the bar and for our halloween party
Gridlocked from west village to soho. Uggh theres like 4 movies being shot!
named "Star of the Year" for most 3 Stars of the Game at 56th Annual Awards Evening.
Should we start a campaign to name Jennifer Doll (someone who truly knows the Red Sox) as replacement for Heidi Watney?
oh wow! That was fast lol! Did you follow back dude?
i care about you!
Debra Martin Chase is the BOMB! Just heard her speak, about her story and the Entertainment business. Wow! Very inspiring!!
FC Dallas can suck it. Roll around on the ground more, will ya? Nevermind, not sure it's possible.
i'll never have kids because i would slowly go insane watching them get addicted to expertly marketing corporate bullshit.
We open for happy hour at 5pm! Plenty of cheap bites + $4.50 wells & sangria, $3 beers. See you soon!
You may also want to check out www.ourkidsASD.com for a wide selection of vitamins and supplements for Autism.
The words Tommy Johns scares me for
Met the daughter of Gertrude Perkins, who was raped by 2 white police officers in 1949 in Montgomery, AL. She is trying to get state apology
follow me? <3
Does Joakim throw his scrunchie into the crowd after a game? Go #Cavs!
thats a bunch of crap
"...laughter to cheer you, those you love near you, and all your heart might desire." (Irish Blessing) Happy St Patrick's Day!
Family reunion in #Atlanta I wanna go ,but my mama doesn't really wanna go
HACKED! Thank u all for alerting me!! Tweet Police are on the job! Can u please forward stuff sent under my account?
and what would that be
"Say what you mean, and mean what you say!"
My daughter pointed out that the "W" on the Washington Nationals baseball caps is the same "W" for Walgreens. I think she's right.
Street puppeteer. Cool retirement plans. Yeah right. I'll be working forever.
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
Thats cool, thanks...what makes a Dean Fields night?
you may be blocking the people you #Really need to see!!! IJS
Figures it was Boedker he killed the Hawks
Didn't think it was possible, but my Mini ran out of gas on my way home today #I'msuchanidiot
Ima hustla why I gotta steal from u
especially when children are involved.
Can't get enough of - talented MC and producer (and he's younger than me?!), can't wait for a full length album - u2
it's gonna b a good show me and the wife will b there
my new favorite thing....picking a song a day and dancing my butt off to it in my socks....tom cruise style. Totally happening right now
We've been on #revideo since 06' when mindset was post everywhere (Veoh, metacafe, viddler, etc.) Ask how that went :)
argentina is gonna be an amazing crowd!!
Finally a day without it being so damn hot. Enjoying this fresh air and thinking on my next move
good morning Chica!
Congrats on the Fox deal Dana, well deserved!
You can't let anyone define or dictate your happiness. Peace and happiness are found within.
Just got ice cream on my shirt
Last night I "found" an old favorite on the bookshelf to read to my 2yo: Each Pear Pear Plum -- he loved it!
Only 552,000 people take seriously on a daily basis.
#PeopleNeedToStop telling other people what to stop doing!
oh hello. guys?
This week I used a gun, sang for judges, got fake beat up and played soccer & basketball - all at auditions. Yay! What's next? Bring it on.
hi Bryan did you make it -30 pds?
yessir. I promise when I do we gone link up. My bad about last time
Dear migraine, 24 hours is quite enough. Please go away now. Sincerely, Jenn
I do hate proprietary chargers so I'll pass. If its not chargeable by micro USB I don't want it, unless it's an iThing!
Drinking a 2005 Katogi Xinomavro, there's a reason gave it 91 points! So delicious! So layered and complex.
RT : So true RT : Sometimes a woman smiles because she's tired of crying
thats a joke right?
you have no message to spread.
very cool. Thanks for the heads up.
ok good but when do ya get back?
Don't be draq, just be a queen, Don't be draq, just be a queen, Don't be a draq, just be a queen, Don't be--- Baby I was Born this WAY.
Cabaret night!! 🎶
Your tweets made me giggle. And I don't giggle. Nice going.
RT : Hey guys!..be sure to check out and their website. really cool idea!
Guess what? Malone's is going to be on on Monday at 9 a.m. Make sure you tune in!
I still shelve books from time to time. Weed as you go, bro. That's how collection dev. happens. <3
i love you please foloow me, i would be the happiest girl ojjn earth, i love all of your songs!
whats the new video called :]
Had a bob fire at some friends house. Was fun. Great night for it
My 8 year old sister wants a perm....
>>today; ...forgot where I was going with this multi-part tweet.
You are absolutely adorable.
:D THINK YOULL LOVE IT SO MUCH! its on my neck
Thanks for that ... got me grinning!
Kansas city , mo on katt williams movie cuh
no question in my mind. Get the jeep!!
A big welcome to our new followers! Feel free to contact us if you have any questions regarding your hair extensions! xox
Just about to fall asleep then I realized there's a lot going on for the next few weeks
Time to lace up against a team that despises us.
check it out
Happening with BATTLESHIP and PROMETHEUS too. Don't care so much about BATTLESHIP. I do care about PROMETHEUS though.
whats the plans
Wow. Really??? That was a got'em lol.
Hahaha that was you almost got trucked by that 18 wheeler thank god for another day
Wow nice! Angela, get off the counter!! ha
#RonPaul tried to put out the fire but you tried to throw him in... go ahead and rage.
My bad day was getting better but now it's torn down again. You guys are in my thoughts and hopes. <3
Did someone say Nutella Mocha?
Why am I back in Roseville?
My next boo imma spoil 😌
In your lifetime you have accomplished so many wonderful things. Today's Text You "I am a GREAT SUCCESS!"
no, that's not what I meant, but that was the meaning behind Alamo Heights chant!!
Benefits to #exchange: different perspective, #personalgrowth, widening boundaries, new connections, cultural awareness, spreading info
I am excited to lead a training today on how to find value in LinkedIn and make it work for you!
I was so excited to see you!
Oh no! I had no idea. The picture had no context; it just showed up on the IMDB homepage.
time to start preparing apartment + appetizers for NYE. First stop, EAST VILLAGE CHEESE
should we use the "old" dates or new dates to determine the sign of people born after the realignment?
Just pulled out my keys to open the badge reading door at work. Gonna be a long day, bud!
I am cute
I got so tired of trying to get to the meat over the years that I came up with this system. Genius lol
Sorry to say. You can have the best product on the internet, but if you install a toolbar with it, I inherently loathe it.
totally in.
Want to go to Holiday World? Sign up for our newsletter at gotheredothis.com before Julyy 31 an enter to win tickets!!!
Good luck to Will Middlebrooks. We could be seeing the future 3rd baseman for the Sox. Go Sox
Will there be a cross publisher Metric sharing? #sparc_binfield Ans: yes fully expect to create/advocate standards and get others on board
Damn, I've changed a lot.😳
Handy man for a day.
Wednesday guys. Woo. Half way there.
Just found out my cat has Cancer.. :'(
we need to get more female leaders so that we change the game & make corporate communications what WE want.
lol well you didn't tell her no sitting on shelves
how awesome we're they?
What's up? Guys :D (retweet) ---->Twitter (Like)-----> Facebook Please!
Are u still looking for jobs? follow my job posing list
How Very True! RT "Healing is ongoing even if you've stopped hurting."~Visa D. Klline
People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care. - Mark Twain
thx for the follow! Have a great day!
Thank You ! <3
at home surfin' the Internets after dinner out
Does the fact that I enjoy more classic music than before mean that Im getting old? Back in the days, I felt like this but with The Boys!
tonight hip house playing at pink elephant nyc. my name at the door;)
--adam, can you email me. have a quick question.
So I'm gonna go to your concert, but I can't meet you.. :( You should walk around the city the next day...(:
Additional 40% off clearance at ! So much cute!
Watching jersey shore
#PresidentObama announced he supports same-sex marriage now he says "all American's should be treated equally..."
sent u a dm
QPR 2 Arsenal 1 - Wow. On any given day. This is a beautiful game.
(uhh-ohh another number 15..you're the one w/ the JB pic) #15:You seem extremely nice... & you're an awesome Belieber! Tweet me sometime :D
FOLLOW & WE FOLLOW BACK!!
#sheknowsus “: I'm trying to see how far I can get in life without ever taking responsibility for any big decisions.”
I don't like being suspended, I miss school:(
Just waiting for the haters to actually present some evidence.
"Eating these shockers tonight, keeping me up until the sunrise." ooh that should be the SHOCKERS CANDY SAYING!!! OOH AHH
Great meeting of the minds with
Child please. I've never been the type to just do the norm or expected, I'm all about originality, unexpected joy & inspiration.
Q. What is a rule of thumb you always follow when pairing #food and #wine?
omg forgive me I'm late happy mothers day beautiful wish you and your loved ones all the best
At the embassy of #Haïti In Washington we just set up our new twitter account
There are always people ready to underestimate you, denigrate you and put you down. Don't ever do it to yourself.
no me and his grandfather are driving the UHaul with all of our stuff. Austin and his mom are flying
u in NC tho... on the bus RT : I just did playaaaa RT : I hope someone puts rat poison in next blunt..
i can not wait til the 25th this is a dream coming true:)!
new electro and bmore coming soon under Mr. Sir vs. Talk is Cheap alias...
if she wins, I'm done with this show.
Function first!
- Keep up the great work, Chris!
I saw it las nite I dug it.
so when do you let them know you had the blaster with the broken scorer?
That's right, Brent! RT : Got a note in my mailbox from my guys ...follow if you can...great deals in your area
I seriously love this emoji... 😳 lol it cracks me up every time.
You are the light, to my soul. <3
It's good stuff--this sammich is delicious, and their coffee is tasty too.
Sixers have been clutch at the line. Nice.
This is a good old-fashioned mollywhop
We r always looking 4 hot beats 4 our artists. A hot rapper on a fresh beat is gr8 for evey1 involved.Exposure is the key!
You Back BlackShadeMafia
“: #CoreFusion #Atlanta today! I see you are teaching?!?”. Yes #Barre and #Cardio!! Come see me?!?!
hell no, far worse, he caters to the excuse seeking-blame others for their problems crowd, inspiring poor character and mediocrity.
Hollander, of course ;)
