USGS ShakeOut scenarios - this was the top thing emergency mangers wanted from USGS
“: At the end of the day, we all just want to be loved.” so come find me people!!
This quarter system has me in school after everyone else.
Just heard the Browns on XM Satellite radio! Merry Christmas!
Haha..OMG!! I ran into the chair and i said ugh i ran into the door... Jay said wow u are retarded.. thats not a door!! XD
Funny, ur in my favorite neck of the woods--love DC! I'm always glad to meet another Detroiter:) Thanks 4 the feedback.
#Bucks game shakin
<<<#nf he's says the most random shit trust me lol
Another day getting home late... Effing starving. Yogurt for lunch was a serious mistake in judgment
RT : Why should you care about mobile strategies? Pew says 66% of young adults have a smart phone.
OMG...I understand why they call it a "pace bus.This ride is taking forever...
#FrozenStrawberryLemonade with booze. Gonna go buy one of those margarita packs!
Oh, I agree. It's better to write material potent enough to leave an impression than to write forgettable meh.
Scew , where's the queen ????
JUST SAW A NUTELLA COMMERCIAL. aasdfghjklasdfghjkl want.
Gracia :* RT Much love to you, Taurus!
Ha, yes!
Repack art farmadelic sunshine and creation
Finalized my research paper. One more day. Bedtime. Nighty night friends.
Forget Tyra Banks--in Room 407, I want somebody to be Reading's Top Model. If it begins with me, okay. Strike a pose (with a book).
A few of my fave Commercial talent descriptions: FEELS LIKE A REAL PERSON, NOTICEABLE DIGNITY, GOOD WITH DOGS
RT Whoever feels predestined to see and not to believe will find all believers too noisy and pushy: he guards against them.
Thanks Linda!
when does this shindig start! This is my first ever chat :)
Follow So So Def CEO/Grammy Award Winning Songwriter & Producer Jermaine Dupri
B. Benedict on Pope and booksellers starts by quoting Sense & Sensibility's Marianne "admiring Pope no more than proper."
Some into Santa Anna's pocket... MT : Today in 1854 the Senate approved Gadsden Purchase treaty, which gave Mexico $10 mil...
Pretty much as long as Aries/Ray is great, I'll be satisfied for the night.
We had some issues on the site today and yesterday. It's been taking care of. Sorry if there was any inconvenience. =]
can't wait!!
Ugh! Could use another week of vacation
A contest will be drafted by mid February, a new language for "Love in Any Language" in early Feburary, and lots more to come...
This isn't just about this episode. She's been lashing out towards Dayana and other women in the group for weeks.
thank you good sir.
The best tranquilizer is a clear conscience
Ron Paul is the man. Why don't democrats for not chilling with this mangsta?
Bulls look like crap. Not gonna waste my time anymore with this game.
#blagojevich the former governor on the ground in denver. will report to a federal prison today to serve 14 year sentence
Between Liberties album is nearly complete!
The star means that you favorite it, which is like liking a status. And the arrows are how you retweet something.
you know who.
Hey pplz:D
haha good point....most of the time....mainly at work.
Two white cups and I got that drink. Could be purple or could be pink.
The oldest person to use Facebook passed away in July of 2010. At the time she had 4.962 Facebook friends and 56,000 Twitter followers.
you're never going to get married you crusty cunt
Is the most awesome person ever!
Way to go
": I'm Feelin Some Type of Way at this Point of Time; April 12 Need to FUCKIN Come Fast!!! #ANXCIOUS <3<3<3"
discovering twitter
Consider this tweet my RSVP for your faux wedding. Can I be your flower girl? I fit the height requirement.
Music is revolutionizing!
What is your favorite room in your home?
#ThatEx who was tryna be a thug but wasn't with the shit
WORKING ON THESE UPCOMING SHOWS
I find it a tough sell to be upset about Kurt being nominated about prom queen when Brittany being nominated for prom king is a joke.
It feels like I've talked about One Direction in every conversation I've had today...
The Amer Auto Assoc #A member website "Can't accept payments from Apple computers." I don't even know where to start.
not too much. Practice practice practice. How about yourself?
Ha ha! They might like that, though.
You should rank the flyers number 1 just look at their record
Naptime couldn't have came at a more perfect moment..
“: The Lobos are the only team in the conference without a game on the Mountain West television schedule.” thats not cool at all
thanks for the RT!
me too! In fact, I'm the row behind you.
Bright lite!
I feel your pain
Glad you liked 'em Nathan :)
We'd sure like to work with on their website. They have a sweet mobile app and a powerful brand.
Beta Contest: Which Alganon Deity is "The Seeder of Life"? Answer Tork via a MyAlganon.com message. First 25 correct get into beta.
I think I just hydroplaned Haha
what is wrong with you!!! Seriously, show some respect, for real.
Oakland used to be 415 too
I must say that I am incredibly blessed to have found the man I did. I don't know what to say.
....... Idk what that's supposed to mean RUDE. But yes, I do.
WILD Storm in June!! good start to the summer.
Today I set up my 80 yr old mother on facebook. Tomorrow I'll get my 85 yr old dad on Twitter.
needs to get his butt to Georgia already! #WeMissYou #TextMeWhenYouLand :)
So, if Pitchfork rated Pandora stations, it would get like a 6.2?
Will I lose any credibility I ever had if I admit that I really like the new Train song?
I tried to keep an open mind when she first started, but she just sucks. Total nepotism.
I NEED SOME LIKES!
Rise n grind<3 Still raising money for donations from selling my pix! Who wants an aurographed pic?! :)
Real men/boys respect <3!!!!
I feel so alone since oomf don't live in GA
I hate websites that say "update account info with phone number" Bitch, I don't have a phone!! Sheesh, lol.
No ppl of twitter, rolling in the deep is not about bathing in chicken grease
I'm hoping for even a 25% improvement... Crummiest day in a while.
He who learns teaches, he who teaches learns. - African proverb
I swear today must b national drive like a fuckin idiot day!!!!
Flying Fortress
I love you. You are the best thing ever. That's all.
Back to the Future!!...
My grandmother used to sprinkle algae on all my food. I guess she was right.
when will the conference schedule be posted? Unable to access it online -- any help would be great!
Finally going to bed!
Yes, but I'm WAY more excited about my free Dunkin coffee.
you are straight up crazy, which is what I admire about you. but seriously, please don't over do it!.
Yea i dont care if i burn my hair out im not wearing a weave
Absolutely! A ferocious #ManiacalLaugh would follow.
City council moving arena/parking fund deal forward - mixed emotions throughout Sac but 4 now we're happy-we support all sports rec or pro!
Voted for tonight!
boy you've got my heart beat running away <3
Heading out to lunch with , , and
I go to a private school, yet we still dougie in math class.
Thank you and Jake for being generally awesome today! Cupcakes are serious business.
A life lesson can happen at any moment so PAY ATTENTION.
Thanks! Just don't try "chipper" before your morning coffee.
these are your students?
damn I miss my lil booski.
Witness Thomas Dimino: Vitale told me he was helping Sal "transition to the private sector" because he wasn't making enough money.
Happy mothers day to you! I hope you have an amazing day today! Thank you for giving us and :)
Well it's been one for the kid..LATER!!
Be yourself, everyone else is already taken(:
Playing at The Mill in Prattville next Thursday come hang with us and more.
I'm giving him my heart, I hope he don't break it.
when you get back from Rite Aid, I still have that CD you were after. You two have brilliance in common.
I asked pianist to step aside when I saw Paul McCartney sitting nearby. I played "Yesterday" and Sir Paul clapped. Then I introduced myself
Any evidence for this? The area between Mt. Vernon and Rt. 1 is very quiet at night.
#ListOfTurnOns white teeth and a nice smile :)
So milwaukee --people trapped in flooded cars. Marquette ave underpass.
I bought a nice mix of Rose, Viognier, Zinfandel, Muscato, and a Syrah, all produced on the west coast
Scaramouche! Scaramouche! Will you do the Fandango?!
Wow. Maybe I saw something else?
yeah, i'd take that. but i'm worried PP and Ray won't get healthy if they keep playing every other day this week
My best bowling score ever: 175. My avg: 108. Even a blind squirrel can find a good nut now and then! LOL
See you tomorrow at #rhvets. Propelling vets into the mainstream arts community is essential to bridging the gap.
i love yo tatt's how many do you have?
I do!
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem and smarter than you think.
lockout better not dragout
yea u right and may day is going pretty good so far.
chalk it up
bam. will talk your ear off about it afterwards.
thanks Carolyn!
replays of ROH?
Crazy day in the NFL! RT “: Fins have a lot of $$$$ to be a major player in FA! Should be exciting over the next 24-48 hours”
Soo I have school tomorrow, and this entire break I could've done my homework but did I? NO 😔
No war on Christmas in Indiana. Unless we're playing the opposite game.
the best companies are still experiencing staffing shortages of the best and the brightest. workforce planning key to success
The lions are no pushovers any more there record could have 2 and 2 now . The packers will get better
My stomach drops when I think about you being with somebody else.
what channel is it on
love you, too!
It is called in
New posts coming soon on Doing the District! Stay tuned...
Retweet if you want a shout out.
Gotta love baby mama...
Research reports / Silicon Valley may still be the biggest tech hub in the U.S., but New York City is now the fastest growing tech sector…
Late dinner, early bed after surviving the drive through Kansas. Will ease into DrupalCon mode tomorrow.
I'm in taco food truck line. A 2p to 4:45a shoot day for THE FIVE YEAR ENGAGEMENT. I hear sitting thru the film feels longer.
Sigh, state action's breadth desperately needs to be reconsidered.
Going to Orange Leaf
Help wanted at Tea Pot Lounge...We need a sign holder from 3-6pm Mon-Fri. $20 cash per day. Please email contact info to
A big hello and welcome to all our new followers! Thanks for joining us :-) Don't forget our giveaway, contest ends next Friday!
There are so many tools (especially free ones) for companies to take advantage of, yet so many do not. So I appreciate your effort!
Trying to work "Dalé" into my daily vocabulary... Thanks Mr. 305
gunna demolish this chinese!
I have to say I had a pretty good break, back on the grind tomorrow though!
I also can't wait to go to a Reds game. I miss being at GABP.
Follow me back plz?
#ReplaceBandNamesWithBoobs Boobs Attack
hey sorry I havn't tweet'd you i've been busy :/
Sweet Barking Cheese! We're past the halfway mark in our membership pledge drive to reach 1000 -- have you pledged to join yet? No $ down.
Had so much fun with you today(: Cant wait to do Hula
The #DaliLama says to remember that the future is open, and to depend on our self confidence and optimism to find the way.
please come to Texas!!!!! Would love to see y'all live!!!!!!
He currently works as an inbound marketing manager & product owner at HubSpot and recently authored The Social Media Marketing Book
I signed it
RT : RT : Weird that Zach Galifianakis is now worth more than Greece.
RT : I'm appalled that the free service I'm in no way obligated to use keeps making changes that mildly inconvenience me.
a meeting with someone who lives there. She suggested Columbia, but there's no way.
..i wanna stay up and tweet but i doubt Twitter will run these damn 4miles for me in the morning... fMl.
Shooting is going well on our scripted SAG short
Your "Unbelievable fortune" post feels very familiar. Thanks for that.
hahaha story of my life!
Well, I think you/ he voted correctly the first time.
I mean, that's basically your life now.
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.<3 5
Flow so tight its yeast infected
Hey, thanks for the tweet!!
legs are so smooth :) just shaved hahaah their like so soft haahahahah
you know, I hope we're not too busy trying to sound like wine and beating the macros that we actually forget about craft beer.
Just saw the video for fallout by and it was awesome.
of course...
Working on my Spanish project like a good student 😁
Yea, we could go and see a movie. :)
RT : I need you to come here and find me 'cause without you I'm totally lost. -Pooh
Hey! Are you not where you were? Did I miss the memo?
#ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth Stupid moth
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
#schoolmemories When I was in 1st grade I had my first crush and it was a girl! :P
Then I'll help you promote your booty.
Mentally preparing myself for my 2nd 5K tomorrow night.
YES! You were MVP of Asian prom last year, I expect nothing less this year.
Planet Tennis Day 39 A week of eval.Look to be needing at least 2 more months tournament prep.Going to do whatever it takes.
get that on my floor, quarter past 3 make ya scream by 4. love that chocolate tan, melts in my mouth not in my hand ;)
RT : RT : Gratitude develops faith. The surest path out of a slump is marked by the road sign "thank you, God."
gorgeous eyes(:
Can we stop talking to this dude and go back to Kristen?
France manager Laurent Blanc explaining his decision to include Yoann Gourcuff in his initial list of players to bring to the Euros in June.
That's what I like to hear!
I thought about it but the more I look at them the uglier they get. I'll have to pass
yes, "verbalize" is a word, so you may be right.
Figuring out how to get to WBC? MARTA is sMARTA. Hop on to Arts Center Station and grab the free shuttle. Easy!
I know :D craaaaaazaaaayy. But you are too so at least I'm not alone!
Just ran out of gas on 130th street. Good job Nat
Been in extreme pain for over a week.. Still in a lot of pain but not as bad :-)
That was so random I almost didn't believe it...but it made my day nonetheless...lol
they were a great group! the staff and volunteers really enjoyed really working with the kids!
your are the baddest and realist on Mob wives don't let them phonies get to ya they are just haters❤
the schedule hasn't come out for that day but most likely yes:) but I have to go now! Nice talking to you:) I'll talk later
Racked up shawty
I thought Dick Clark was already a hologram or at least animatronic...
When my niece described #HungerGames to me, I thought she was talking about Timberlake's "In Time" which is a similar premise.
oh word. it should available this spring. we will keep in contact forsure. you have a myspace or anything man??
Please tell me how the fuck you get 2 detentions in the same class. dumbass teachers.
my phone is so annoying
Jr Smiths dunk...
Goodnight moon
follow me back?(:
To all that has chosen to follow me....Thank you! Hope your day is Super Fantastic!! God be with you all today....
Exactly! RT : Users care—they just care that it works, not HOW it works.
Got it, see some old tweets follow you for life.
Prove that pi is an irrational number.
So many gorgeous men how do you chose!
hi! just finished a live chat and was hoping u would join. i understand y u didnt tho lol i love u so much plz follow :) <333
There's no such thing a male thinks. There are ways people think, but not specific to gender.
i m stayin down here it still 70 out
we can only hope so. you're getting sleepy. click the buy button :-)
Changing regular workspace helped with concentration despite music from a prom / wedding reception. I should try this more often.
I gotta go with 1
lost my cell phone your phone numbers & name
I'm drifting off. Talk to you tomorrow!
Just left the San Diego Wild park zoo. Man I'm tired! Time for food and drinks :)
Up so early. ugh...
I'm so sorry to hear that. It might be tough right now. But it will GET BETTER(: trust me.
Can't wait to see & Live on Saturday ! Hit me up for Table Reservations and Guest List Info!
Hope you're enjoying that Christmas present!
What Misfits needs is a new singer/songwriter... I nominate myself... of the fiend... Dr. Herbert...the singer from the Other...
Out to din with the band...and grabs a soft tortilla and says, 'what if our currency looked like this?'
follow back so I can send you a DM
Dammit I'm headed to Nebraska...bye bye phone service
Wait, yup, just saw an email about it. No ticket info yet.
MT It's official. launches #publicrelations #causemarketing <Congrats!
I'm nervous to dye my hair ... I hope it comes out good :)
Wassup man! mentioned you & I'm a fan of the music man!!
#FireSpaz RT : i hope everyone is having a good day here in the acc every day is smilesday
maybe! Haha. I miss swimming a lot haha
Loving Keilani + Asia in the new T. Hoehne shots! :) x
#occupyaustin at #sxsw :: 4001 speedway, noon to 8pm :: CIA op Mockingbird planted and controlled media through 80s, headed by Bush Sr
Beloved, if God so loved us, we also ought to love one another. 1 John 4:11 Be a good neighbor to others!
I'm really glad he's so tall that i can wear my heels and STILL be shorter than him ^_^
Digging out my desk from under the pile
my name is trending c:
#dtl2011 Interesting look at the history if distance learning at new attendees session
I dont feel like working today.
At CVS why they so damn slow ?
RT : #mspairport is my new fave. Legit mothers room, diabetic friendly, clean restrooms and friendly employees!
I havn't had a Steady DJ gig since last summer. Its hard finding legit business. But you can bet I won't stop. I'm #married to this shit.
For my texas followers im fore warning yall ima be on i-30 today lol
Thanks! I'm going to make this year a good one.
#ImHopingThat you feel the same way I do.
morning everybody
Prepare for holiday travel--could be snowing where you're going! Watch #Fox12Oregon for the latest about what you need to know.
Everyone on Fox has ask every expt. that comes on to contrub."Is Speaker Boehner in trouble with his Job"?Does Fox want that?
I feel kinda home sick
That's the same feather earring that has :)
I'm not sure why Sharon Needles wasn't the name of the singer of a band that toured w/ The Slits and X-Ray Spex back in the day.
you're supposed to be promoting a healthy lifestyle...why are you retweeting pro-anorexia accounts???
hell yeah what're you coming here for?
nevermind I gotta go to class ima catch u later
Just signed up #Vikings legend #ChrisDoleman to play #FantasyFootball against his fans.. Come on MInnesota fans think you can beat a legend
We need to picnic! Sunday might be nice-ish.
2cool for sleep
Oh, the acknowledgement is internal, not from them. Spoiled children.
Michigan's trending! 💙
Rooting for Team USA
No one in their right mind would say no to that. Clearly you need to make a trip to Baltimore. (Cc: )
I lied
You know what they say in hollywood, "tough actin, tinactin!" Lol thank you for that
Still looking over my shoulder after last night's "The Walking Dead" episode.
Yes, Do IT! RT Help people become more motivated by guiding them to the source of their own power. -Paul G. Thomas
Want to hear about a web-based tool which helps researchers create data management plans? Come to Constellation C
or too-er
now that's a super leak.
thanks Jen!:)
it was just so powerful. And I'm not sure if it was a good or a bad thing. Lots of energy, though.
Okay they left c:
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. ~Mother Teresa
i counted 45 bro tanks total today
This my life love or not I run miami
I've been telling her the same thing for years. LOL ...... Thanks :-) Yes - lets all get together for dinner soon!
oh that is a much better present, ha ha! :) #jealous #myguineasnevergivemechocolate!
Bout to have to beat terron ass for that
Me too! That show was getting a little old for me, but now it's all changed!
IT'S NOTHING LIKE IT...REAL SHIT
Word?? That's dope! RT : Whats good Fam-a-lam. I see yall got my man Jarrod on the Cruise!!!! Bananas.
If you're in or around #London UK tomorrow, be sure to visit | They are holding a MainEvent to cap off the #RSOP 2012 |
Lame “: Uh oh RT Hi folks, due to new BBC Twitter guidelines, responding to individuals and RTs can no longer happen.”
Carmen San Diego?
What are you drinking tonight? I am drinking a 2010 Castel Malbec 4.0 stars Inky, boysenberry, cocao, tobacco and spice.
RT if u love Austin Mahone and want him to follow you
Put Shelfari on there too. Looking good!
Well...that wasn't so hard... #Exhales ;-)
me too! RIP static
It's been a great first week at Broad Law Firm, LLC. Now to keep it up!!
s/o to -- Thanks for following, what's coming up... Check us out blacksouthflorida.com
Your my boyfriend, not my friend. Gosh. -act like my boyfriend.
Twitter is the rebirth of deregulated radio
But if I get rid of anything, that's progress. Looking forward to having things more organized.
my dad the competitive athlete NON-smoker lost his battle sadly, best wishes to you!
How's the first day? Will you get time to tweet?
arrived in Michigan to find out the BEST. NEWS EVER!!!!
Absolutely agree! and Karen are doing some really fantastic food down there!
Is everyone else's gmail down? Maybe we'll dust off those old AOL Free Trial CD's
Oh no. Now he's burdening you. He's been there long enough that I am sure you know what trouble can be.
Lol“: Friday will be the day drake makes eye contact with me and falls in love with me. Then we will have a baby”
I actually can't follow on FB because I only have the fan page and it will not let me only other pages:(
so whatcha been up to?
It's official: When I wear my blue cap, they lose... Red cap, they win. Death to the blue cap!!!
love your tumblr
with And -- the Bionda is delishhh
Want to work at a fun place? We're looking for a part-time stock associate. Call store for more details!
Digging the bright kits tonight
Thank you for the mention! //
Middleton girls win MG Track Invite, Verona 2nd
Well, Tumblr & Twitter are dead, Facebook's always dead. I'm all caught up on TV shows & movies. Guess I'll go read a book :)
"It, hell. She had Those." --Dorothy Parker.
happy birthday! (: <3
Are you going to a buffet to eat anytime soon?
you're hot.
David Cronenberg presents: Operation.
What a perfect fit.
Hey guys check out the latest apparel brand that I offer to print on. www.nextlevelapparel.com
Off to Heritage Christian
#Tweet your #mind... #imjustsaying ...
Ok, enough waiting. They better show me on #xfactor today or else.:)
all set for 7 pm on wed at L'Atelier.
3 days until we're underway in this year's Bourbon Chase.
party sometime?
The web team now says don't even come back unless you're packing breakfast for everyone!
OMG! put a whole page in their mag about ! hope they put a poster of her in the next issue!*fingerscrossed*
JAY LUMEN
Thank u so much for reading it! I'm enjoying my time interning & the blog is fun, I enjoy your updates on here each day :)
Manuel Montero: It's not about survival, it's about getting started.
on my radio play and ready for the party!!
R.I.P. MR. NICK ASHFORD, WILLOW RUN HIGH SCHOOL ALUMNIS, CLASS OF '59!!!!! YOU WILL BE TRUELY MISSED, FLYER PRIDE!!!!!
I'm good just sitting in an airport. How are u? And okay I will check him out.
When I met Matt Graham for the first time I pronounced his last name wrong I felt like such a jackass
I wish would follow me back!
Age is strictly a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. - Jack Benny
And i'm allergic to mold, by that exhibit rocks!
- Finally, Something we can both agree on!
followed :) RT follow back please? :))
#Butler crowd @ this bar is great but to the advertising major from BU, not sure drinking a beer is classified as advertising - nice try!
his performances always make me tear up (:
Most of them will be back, you know!!!!
hello! i'm assuming you already saw the website. although very much a w.i.p., i was wondering if you had any suggestions!
Wmn are prone to alpha female/pecking order moments. It's NOT about our periods.
follow me? thatt would really make my day! please =)
well done! And , great idea!
When he's willing to watch 'the vow' with you.
Red Maple in Baltimore tomorrow night is DJing
awesome article on wine spectator.
I know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be. It's even harder to picture, that you're not here next to me.
Starting over at zero, once again and with no expectations. Hello square one, let's try this again.
Need an IT job in Dallas/Fort Worth? Send your resume to .
Nothin but love
U're so welcome. Saturday was a busy day! RT : luv R neighborhood eatery! Thank U 4 being open 4 lunch!
Loving at the #VMA's
but if they start telling us the truth then where will all of the wannabe Groupon writers go?
please be safe :/
Thanks, Matt! We appreciate that. If/when we do decide to create another video, I know the person I'll be reaching out to.
Double A+ rating, sounds like the beginning of the end. We deserve it for all the greed we allowed run this country.
#PinkTip Focus, focus, focus. Block out time to focus on your goals each day.
you know it's a cause close to my heart
In pre-op, IV in my arm. Assistant came in, asked me what I was having. Complete head transplant, I told him, but no sense of humor.
I'll start by asking all of you not to tweet anything political. You can do that, right? Just for me.
Hello fake. Everyone knows your fake and that is real. And RNG told us you were fake..You can stop now.. Thanks!
I really hate criminals!
Keep shinning! #HaveFaith ...
Hi Helen Hope you had a great morning I did! Nice to hear from you..
There’s something for everyone at Coyote Grill – authentic Southwestern meals, including gluten free, heart-healthy, and vegetarian options.
Next Wisconsin concealed carry class will be held Saturday, 5/19 at Hope Rod & Gun, McFarland. Sign up now!
I did, both times. Wanted to be #sensible and #plan for clothes, items, etc. Luckily I used everything twice, had 2 boys :)
imparts her wisdom yet again: "Large boobs. Small tees!" Boys and Girls, visit an amazing woman's page!
thanks Nicole. I am honored. Welcome back to high school (twitter).
nobody that won an award tonite was ay better then justin he i hot he is a great singer! he sudve wn at least 5 awards!
Okay...I'll definitely do that. Thx
Charles Barkley's losing too much weight in his vocal chords. He sounds like a troll.
": Love your work then you will find pleasure in mastering it. . #leadfromwithin #leadership"
My Mom says I am the only hell she ever raised! Now I’m Grown&Looking back... Damn It! She was right AGAIN!
hope u had a great time yesterday!!!
So tired still, even though I slept like 14 hours ... I think I still need to catch up from the ridiculous week and a half I just had !
We also need #Records Project Managers in #DC! Does anyone know someone who is interested?
More snow on the way ... woohoo!
Senate Dems fail to bring Budget to vote. Would show gross deficit. Power is more important to them than solving problems. Slime. Shame.
great court vision can toss the alley oop better than anyone a great floor general and we traded him for Felton
How do you handle the things on your to-do list that you know you need to do, but don't feel like doing?
Missed Taco Tuesday over lunch? We've got 75¢ tacos at dinner tonight! Not a taco fan (for shame!)? We've got Basil Chicken & Pasta as well!
weather in chicago
Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded #YaDig?
This house does my head no justice but makes my writting pretty magical I guess hotels make my writting interesting 2 tho somaybeitsonlyme:p
Best tweet I've read all week! (NuWhoers, look it up) RT : The best bit is the stuff with the Garm.
No flag pin? No truck nuts? Know how to speak another language? You dont love this country!
OMG OMG Watching the SomeBody That You Used To Know Cover i <3 it so much
sure am!!!
Our stories must be told. Believe me!
Finished Day 9 workout. I'm all caught up! #Mamavation #2WeekChallenge 1
R. Cobb is worth a late first round pick in rookie drafts to stash away until the WR situation pans out
Who doesn't love a #chocolate giveaway?? Thank you !
Just got to see my little older bro... Funny dude. Wants to put a bounty on Tom Brady. Mario Williams you are up
That's a perfect stamp for that envelope. Great #showandmail as always.
It's lunch time at 5:43 and I woke up early.
Had a great meeting at the IAHC today. Can't wait to share our exciting news in the near future!
Separate online gaming friend groups is a complicated affair.
nothing, what's up ?
..are you creeping? Well hopefully you'll creep this. I LOVE YOU. (:
You know it's a good night when you get a bum to start rapping with you lmao
got to hear her sing the anthem at a Bulls game in the 90s. Amazing voice.
i don't want him!! Sanchez all the way!
Thank you - me too!
I fricken hate people who own cellphones but only turn them on when THEY need to call someone. HELLO what if I need to call YOU?
RT : RT "We know the future will outlast all of us, but I believe that all of us will live on in the future we make, ...
You deserve to be with someone who makes you happy. Someone who doesn't complicate your life. Someone who won't hurt you.
then they shoodv gave me1 of the 6 frozen tombstones they r getting for free that was in the cart..its a dairy product u no
#patriots all the way. Easy.
Don't be dissin' the Badgers now...you don't want an angry Badger on your doorstep. Just ask Scott Walker.
I can't believe I'm actually tweeting. I'm losing my sanity every moment I type.
I'm still glowing from all the fabulousness. Man, that was insane.
come see us at bar method point loma!! :)
...or Kate Beckinsale. Also a better choice for Catwoman than Anne Hathaway.
I was just there! I had an audition for a role on "30 Rock" today!
nice where at?
Looks a lot cooler there than where we are...jealous!
- I love the photo ur using as ur avatar. another time... another world. :-)
Twitter is dead today.
is on Mike & Mike in the morning talking 'bout none other than
I know how old I am, and as part of my profession, I can tell you aren't as old as me. you're a puma most likely
No problem!!! and thanks a lot, you have a great one too!
thx Darrin! Long time no hear. How r u?
Birthday in 6 more months. Growing too fast :/
Yes I drink. Yes I smoke. No I don't give a fuck.
don't know lol
this dude ran into my car on blanco he was trying to turn and he didn't see my car and hit my car on my side
RT : Sadly Christmas is a time of particular need for the RSPCA. You can make a real difference. Please donate to...
Drake put on one hell of a show last night. Thank You all for making it such a great success!
when your mad for what ? -__-
About to go onstage at the Come Back In... Hot Money's fav little juke joint
lol omg i am surrounded by pledge nation.
Does anyone have a list of additional recipes that fit the Phase 1 nutrition guidelines?
Started a new wiki wake up to teacher edits and additions via email Saturday morning. Cool!
"And my God will meet all your needs according to his glorious riches in Christ Jesus." ~Philippians 4:19
Subject: Cody giveaway! and message: Just the proof that you talked about my website like a screenshot or something! :)
3 and 2 for Ducks. Beavs need a stop.
Well. Nevermind. Degrassi sounds better.
ignorance may be bliss, lack of knowledge is painful and frustrating...
World Egg Day! I appreciate and ♡ eggs. Not in sunnyside up form, but if thats your bag than yea! Just marvel at their goodness. Quote next.
still getting used to using windows again... new HD needed for my linux box
RT : Tomorrow is , free admission to participating museums throughout the US. Celebrate with us we're ALWAYS FREE!!!
time to find a library with a food court then! happy hunting!
hahaha you know it.
Well deserved Tom! Thank you for all your kindness.
okay you liked one picture of some random girl, why are you on my newsfeed?
We never should've lost game 1!!
Really? I went by this morning and there was a big chain with two key locks. I didn't test them though...
you rock! Love the cake, shame you didn't get a credit
How is everyone feeling today? I'm excited becasue this weekend I am seeing Nelly! Oh man, what a throw back to like seventh grade
I'm about to see it:) RT : \(-__-) RT : Who hasn't seen avengers?
To my twitter followers just want to wish you a fantastic day and also I have had so many new follows I havent said thank you to all of you
IM READY TO SEE HARRY POTTER!!!! :D #notaurewhenimgoing. :(
I'd stay away from the lady in spandex. I hear she's cross eyed. Lol
Going to Orlando !!!! <3333
you should follow
im gonna send you a message on fb so go on fb!!!!!!!!!!!
good to know I'm not the only one having #wifiwoes at
Self-touted "free thinkers": if you reflexively accept any skeptic's over-groping explanation for odd phenomena, you're not a free thinker.
sorry dude. Been working none stop.
Somebody DM me im bored:/
Ok, I'll cop to "metrics" -- it's the closest I'll ever get to using them. The rest....an abomination.
Everyone follow one of the coolest guys in Denver sports , the man responsible for Rockies, Nuggets & Broncos
Omg i have a feeling Nolan will get hurt !
We can do it Friday!!! :-) if thats cool with yaw
Incidentally the positive and negative side of living outside of cell coverage is not being able to check my feed all day.
Nailed to a cross with only 12 followers, he screamed "My God, My God, why have you forsaken me?" JC must have seen his life as an Epic Fail
Diabetics often get gum disease. Am Diabetes Assn: Gum disease may #diabetes worse. Reduce gum disease bacteria. www.closys.com
Thank you Celia Kelly Bredenbeck, you are so nice!
I think the judges will use a save tonight unless Elise is the low vote getter. They'll not likely save her.
What's up bitches?!? ;)
1ST BEER TIME
Tuesday hugs!
Saw you on Dave's.....You have one smokin A List Body !!!!!!!!! He sure enjoyed the undressing.........
In life you must keep reading between the lies.
If you give your life as a wholehearted response to love, then love will wholeheartedly respond to you. -Marianne Williamson
:( next time.
North Shore were the best out of this group so far. who would have guessed?
#HappyInternationalWomensDay! Celebrate peace and equality for the women in your life with love and light,
Checking back in with twitter after 3 months off. It was a busy end to a life changing year. no signs of slowing down in 2010.
You really coming, though? We need to convince that WBN puts on some of the flyest shows in Austin. (Fliest? Most fly.)
it's hilarious that calls their customer+tech support "account executives". Do they at least get to use the executive washroom?
Off work no work tonight bitches!!
Hi - hello from San Francisco -Bob !
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Buy any flat of live plants from our greenhouse and get a FREE tool (4 to choose from)!!!
You too!
Refresh your #mulch – If your #garden is looking a little sad lately, it might be time to refresh your mulch
Having a great day!! Thank u &Ariellle!!! Muah!!!
Eww yuck I don't like you even more now. The fact that u mention the pres is black speaks volumes about U.
we are planning something. I'm going to text you and we will plan it. I'm excited!!!
Anytime! Still no sign of the first ones coming back. Who ever got them must of really liked them haha
Term insurance covers policy holders for a fixed span of time, such as 5, 10 or 25 years.
SHOT ME OUT THE SKY YOURE MY KRYPTONITE YOU KEEP MAKING ME WEAK YEAH FROZEN AND CANT BREATH♥
why, hello gout... you dick.
especially if they are talking about you. :)
And it's officially the holiday season - welcome, #November!
Fun fact: Trish & Ed Ethdridge Certified Organics is one of the oldest organic farms in California
Well said!
Parents are on vacation 4 a week gonna invite boyz!!!!!!
YEAH YOU DID...LET'S JUST SAY DRAWING IS NOT MY CUP OF TEA HA!
you have to try - several NHL teams now using if you want a sample of the chemical free 3 in1 lmk....
I never discuss politics openly. But I am very disturb at how members of Congress continue to disrespect the 1st Lady.
Looking at the first instance of the new WordFrame Integra Document Management app as part of the platform. VERY exciting!
anyone have an Austin fanfic? tweet me please? :)
Whoo! 140 followers! Thank you so much! Now let's try to get 60 more. :)
I have an exam todaay/:
Okay, I don't know why I have the theme song from OZ running through my head, but it's starting to unnerve me.
got it! Decided on no hat huh? Hah
thank you hun
Lakers & Denver going down to the wire
just made another move forward with the tello connection! if you surf, it's in my bio because it's a passion but i sure need some lessons...
your agency anniversary is 's birthday! How awesome is that!?! Answer—Super Awesome!
I know I do :0
miss you, Mac and Asher!...cali, not so much.
My helper Ramiro was as fast as the Mexican Perez and saved a chipmunk that Flower caught.
volleyball tryouts tonight!
And Huddle is closed, too! Walk into in West LA -- 25 people in line. Don't think so.
the "I think I drive a hip-hop rappers pimp mobile because im now feeling richer effect"
 if you can't see that it my middle fingers lol
Today couldn't get any worse. Is it tomorrow yet?
Appreciate it! Hope to see you soon! RT : S/o to my new follower haha. Truly the best in the 916
Spring break is gonna be amazingly fun.:D
Did u get my tweets of a Feature Film Business Proposal in Pre-Produxion 4 2 STAR?
yes! Yum!
Up every level of everything.
Florida State ... just might be an upset. You think?
I have my moments....
Current mood: jazz flute.
First break tiny bit up - hilarious players, not the best dealers, not the best structure, but morale is high - 15k going to 3/6
Great to hear about the Drive OR prog The rub is we have a investor readiness program running right now
Poking your eyeball with your mascara brush <
give that guy the chair...i'll flip the switch myself.
Have a blessed day everyone!
Wagyu Steak Night and 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine starts at 5pm, do you have dinner plans?
"Without proper lighting, furniture looks dull, artwork just hangs and even your food looks dull and unappetizing"
I heard that she wasn't coming back yesterday.... And starr from oltl signed a 3 year deal....
Lebron use that headband to hide his hairline, that dude gonna start wearing gloves to hide his hands. NO RINGS
Damn #Pacers bringing that A-Game tonight homie
That's no shade at all...I feel it...Im still finding myself musically.
I feel bad for people with evil intentions you will not prevail against me-
Dancing with my Demons wouldn't be sold out 2nite without the guidance of my amazing director and acting coach
lmao so dumb.
U dont detect early breast cancer in yng women w/ mammogram s U Find it old fashioned way 1 breast exam at a time
OMG... i have just a few minutes to say... MC.A is not dead... he just went home..
at work, ROCKIN' the ISH out of this Purple Rain soundtrack like it's nobody's business!
he still suck bulls suck its all about memphis
Allow me to re-introduce myself. My name is love, L to the O-V & dont forget the letter E."NinaDetox"
Santorum is in that dreadful stage where, no matter what he says, no one is really listening.
I hear a sweeper coming for the Lakers. :)
Anyone else want to be in my video for Austin? xx
It's Nicole! Actually I was wondering if u could pick up a friend at airport...1/2
on coaching in a resistant culture. Do you want to participate?
wait. are you moving here? because Chicago could use a little bit more awesome.
My band. Actually Lars Horace. RT : who would you like to see tour with me this summer?
John Jenkins and Tim Glenn are the best two I have ever seen at shooting and hooking the leg of their defender.
These mexicans working on my house are whistling and singing while they work, I'm sitting and watching them through the window.
Shoot to BK tmrw and witness the best backcourt in basketball.
Grey and rainy Sunday- hmm......Looking forward to Mexicali jazz fest in two weeks ! It's gonna be hot just the way I like it.
Loving Gwyneth Paltrow's Tom Ford dress and cape
Happy Friday! :-)
Life goes on, people move on
I hate when you're gone .
possible innovation on "The Sully": add olive water instead of plain to make it 2 shots grey goose and a splash of (suitably) 'dirty' water?
I think we're free! I promise to laugh really loudly even if you aren't funny ;)
Will this NBA lockout be longer or shorter than in 1998-99?
how old are you?:)
#KNICKS vs #HEAT at 7 #RANGERS vs #CAPITALS at 730 where are you rooting on your #NYC teams tonight? is where its at!
guess what!
We need to come up with a good hash tag for Bob Knight and show the power of
I just told a debt collector "Call me back December 22nd,if The Mayans were wrong I will pay you."
My head is pounding so hard
bye all I want I love you
M*V*P move by BRON!!!
I thought I had passed you!
Sat down with a friend, and pretty much is pushing on a job search in life. He gave plenty of good advice!
I would rather hear about my friends sexual abuse than hear they took their life b/c they thought that no one would understand.
“: welcome to the fam!”congrats!!
Gig tonite at Chapin's Fish and Chips on Lower County Rd. Dennis. Come on out and see Nuthin Fancy at our next to last summer show here.
Malibu's Most Wanted is hilarious.
I behave now. Check ur dm
RT : “In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act." - George Orwell
Woot! Good luck
In a coffee shop just now, I heard a dude dressed as a pirate giving his friend massage therapy advice. It was so Portlandian I nearly OD'd.
like right after school gets out I thinkk. You needa come over again
Did We Have Chem HW! O.o
Go to mungerart.com and see Roseann's work. Fabulous! So proud of her!
you know it'd be a waste to be in Ohio...which is so close to indiana and not stop by!
really that's not even funny.
#TurnYouOn is on ITUNES EVERYONE!!!! GO GRABB A COPY OF IT RIGHT NOW!!! SERIOUSLY!!! #SWAGGY:):D #LEGGO:)
What about a "hardly" ironic form of transcendence? That said, I'll take transcendence where ever I can get it.
after today I am feeling a bit like my resume maybe too extensive for the Asst Editing jobs ive applied to; how do you combat this
Northwest Bank purchases Spencer Bank of America location, three others - Spencer Daily Reporter
honestly cannot understand why you think 6 elderly men have anything to say about birth control
They do not eat with us during the session. Dad is usually @ work. I've asked mom to come join us but... *Shrug*
Will we ever have a football season?????????
Exciting night for and youth !
Go restrain him ! RT : St Mary's coach comes out to argue call, gets tossed, ump screaming he'll be suspended.
I see a Mediterranean cruise in my future. First stop, Barcelona!
7 loaves of zucchini bread made, all dishes and laundry are done. What to do with all the peaches....
just down here grinding in the M-I-M-I. How are things with you?
What about the Nascar Race??? Gas mileage???
Checking out & watermarking the #TechKaraoke #SXSW pics. Wow, you guys re are SEXY crowd! They will be up SOON!
Hi! My 3 little ones-Charo, Romeo and Flossy-say hello! :)))
Your such a perfect arrangement of atoms.
i trip nasty working out and pulled a ligament on my foot lol -.-
your boy did it again!!!
Always strive to do better.
I am the 1:141. Three dollar winner, thanks to #23. Happy birthday,
I think my ancestors are stalking me I'm obsessed with trying to find out who the hell I keep visualizing
pure terror. also, miss you so mucho.
Have you seen the Y combinator def carved in the sidewalk near the CP Metro? A little awkward for a tag but as geeky as it gets.
12 chapters in 6 weeks. Can I do it?
Happy Mother's Day to all you lovely dames, past and present.
May the 4th be with you! LOLOL
Shoutout to new followers:
Get ready! Launching FREE dvd magazine for businesses.
Feels good to get off work
Probably eating food in front of him or talking about Keke Palmer.
the singing videos I mean
sorry to hear that...I bet they have grown quite a bit. New day and it will work out. I know they appreciate your hard work
Our delayed flight is now re-delayed. Delayed-delayed? Delayed squared?
Sorry to hear that! DM us the deets of you'd like and we'll take a look.
aight pussy cat. Why tf r we talkin on twitter righ now?
Bro. I saw Poema live last night. For free.
That doesn't sound like a good idea.
Why do people on Facebook feel the need to put tons of exclamation points at the end of their sentences? It's not that exciting.
nope. staff courses mean professor has not yet been assigned.
oh your very welcome! :D <3
This Thurs and Fri, 11am to 2pm join us for the holiday edition of "From Trash to Treasure". Re-purpose your holiday "trash"!
Might interleaving content with multiple exposures raise the likelihood that declarative info moves to long term memory?
“: let us know about the next event sooner so we can book” accepting submissions soon! Stay tuned for details ...
Omg Pat Baby is looking at his daughter in a very unfatherly way.
Not too mad bout missin the game since I'm at work I get the play by play on twitter lol
so! That don't mean you can't get it!
Lovely evening w/ Mr. Nunzio Moudatsos. and at = flippin' hilariousness
What's up, #Brevard? Just a heads-up about the 'Welcome Home Veterans' parade & Concert in Downtown Melbourne April 14th, 4PM - 1AM
trust us really soon.. Its a secret so keep your eyes peeled
awesome cheers!
I'm mobile - that's tough
Gota get back on my twitter shit thats why I been on it lately lol
Same here. RT : #redsox signing mark prior. cant hurt. once great. rooting for him to come back.
What's more stimulating, cat videos or "Mad Med"?
Hi Darla, saw your report on Trayvon Martin case. The shooter was a "self-appointed" neighborhood watchman, an important point.
Hope our new followers have had the chance to check us out!
Were I a savvy businesswoman, I would start a line of paper goods directed at churchgoers.
Follow me,is Sexy related to Gossip Girl
I will always be there for you. I LOVE YOU.... No te cambio por nada en el mundo!!!!
a hole.
haha very true, they should disable the publishing in coursework myth and instead emphasize, "you may publish these...someday"
I agree that the music wasn't the highlight of the film. I will say that I walked in happy and walked out happy.
preparing Bellona Destroyer of Cities for MAC Creteil's Exit Festival....
I might hit up KK tomorrow morning EARLY on my way to work. But we'll see.
cant wait til this weekend! me and are doing another blog=)!
I just found out that my sister spiked my cup of water with clear benydril... Now I feel sleepy...
i wont stop and never thought you were shy lol
some more very exciting news is coming soon. Let's just say some of our future classes will involve digging in the dirt!
this calls for some K3 festivities before
very wrong/disturbing/awkward/gross stuff then after that I hung out with Gune but she had 2 go home so I just decided 2 go 2 a
“: I think I'm going to make tacos tonight :)”>>I want some!!
Working on a project that's gonna change and benefit the westcoast music indurry
thanks for following!
Good! Not sure if I should post any more of my songs. lol ♥ ♥Bretana♥
Oh wow - easy!
...MLA2013 session includes my colleague as well as and a couple other collaborators
Here goes nothing. About to see a patent attorney about an idea I have. Hope it goes well.
#fridayreads finished Everglades by White & started Blackwork by Ferris (catching up on my series reading)
Glad you liked it!!
Birthday Girl :) Going To Have soo much Fun !
And i just realized that one of the 2 projects are due tomorrow and i havent even started it.
Congratulations ! You all have won 2 Egg McMuffin Sandwiches! Please DM us with your info.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people ~Eleanor Roosevelt
Starter jackets, please. RT If people are going to bring back the 90s don't bring back Dwayne Wayne glasses or Cross Colors.
Lmfao , me & Kierra wave at eachother everyday at the bus stop , lol - Routine *
I know! I'm getting really pumped for this event, it's going to be a good time. :)
You just read my mind with the 420 thing. I go through this every year! Haha
Leaving silks grinning like a damn fool...
California sun is turning my hair blonde. AH.
Almost time for Rachel's shoot. It is like Spring here in Indy today! I love days like today!
unfortunately we do it for the love of the game. The designers took all the money :(
Brian Quick goes off the board to St. Louis. Most seem to expect Fleener to go to Indy next.
If I would have got one dollar for every time I sang a 1D song, I would be a billionaire now.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYBODY WOO HOOO !!!! YEAH ME AND A FEW OF MY FRIENDS ARE GONNA GO TRICK OR TREATING LIKE IDOTS
how good?
I walk into the Post Office while texting and who do I see there too?
is my #BOYFRIEND in #2HOURS I BETTER GET SMOOCHES. xoxox
to the weekend bc then i can relax and meet my friends :) School starts everyday at 8 o'clock and goes until 3 o'clock PM ;)
I wish we were 20 god! I just want to spend every min. With Laura and my BFF
Its between a Taco muncher and a vegan pussy?
Dang the whole crew was on today. Like every single one. <3
Awww Guys! Follow he's cool!
Ok my 1 year old kids just got a Levenger catalog in the mail, _addressed to them_. $Insert something_about_scarily_omniscient_marketing
"My girlfriend's name was my dad's middle name."
Ours is the REAL bruce hornsby :)
congrats on your new position. GIG 'EM!
I can't get stoked about the Space Shuttle flying around the country on the back of a plane. It screams "It's over for the US in space."
The best hope of solving all our problems lies in harnessing the diversity, the energy and the creativity of all our people. – Roger Wilkins
My thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the employee who was killed by an explosion at Stimpson Lumber in my home state... blessings
Nah. We're Just Players!
Did you know that is the only independent Apple Authorized Reseller of the iPad in all of Anne Arundel or Prince Georges County?
How can facebook be that popular and their app suck that bad?
Tearing apart the user satisfaction survey and having a "wow I really learned something in library school" moment.
Glad to see Roebuck win in #pa188 - a HUGE message to the education privateers. Is Mayor Nutter listening!?
lol just giving you shit, have fun
Definitely Aykroyd. Definitely. RT : who stopped being hot first—Dan Aykroyd or Chevy Chase? Evidence points to Aykroyd.
my bob just informed me that honda is having trouble getting cars
Don't "shoot" the messenger
You have been and are to be A great Blessing to my ministry. keep us in your prayers as we do you.see you in Detroit soon.
Unless your name is GOOGLE...stop acting like you KNOW EVERYTHING...
Meek Mill voice >
Na. Was going get season tix but Os didn't offer a good pack. Prob going to stub hub
Do the days one can smell his own breath count as near death?
I was gonna see the hunger games but my friend took his little sister & minutes before it started she started feeling sick we had to leave:/
we'd love to see a new babble and beat :) but that's us. you get it running let us know what ad rates are and we'll be there
THE MEMORIAL DAY JUMP OFF SUNDAY @ XCLUSIVE DOING IT MAJOR!!
5000 4x6 Postcards Only $175 >> NYC BROOKLYN Specials! Call 1-800-PRINTING Today!! Full Color Printing & Graphic Design
If not you have to be willing to change the image of your current self.
Drupal wins Packt Best Open Source CMS award! When will they start the Best Open Source CPF (Community Plumbing Framework) competition? ;-)
i want my nose pierced now ;-;
Want a #nude special getaway 2 nights $200 visit us
Wen u on twitter an dont even know wat u want to tweet:-)
W/ these relevant data points: Astrid kicks ass, Pacey is lame, Lincoln is better, and Anna Torv and John Noble are amazing actors.
People have some really rude things to say tho. :( She was a beautiful and talented woman!
It really helps center and ground you. Feels great. and this is from a reformed HYPER planner
you will make all A's and then go to work and find something else to be stressed about. Lol
Fist full of dollars and Nuclear warheads!
Hope the Florida weather is cooperating! Give our best to and everybody at the user's conference.
To me, no matter how exciting his intro, the preacher hasn't started until he says "the Bible says..."
Laying here wit stupid bad cramps
Yes, but not the underwear.
Living life with out pain killers awesome
QPR I pissed at you and Man City u r unbelievable u just gave championship away and they r playing only 10 men
My mood today <<<
you are so right...beautiful inside and out!
get off the couch and enjoy finals week at the Coug
keep it classy Toledo.
,was today and saw lots of faceoff stuff!
Ate my tasty salad way too fast
thank you. I didn't catch the beginning.
Oh hush. Just do it. Math is very important. School itself is important.
Thank you! :)
they have to beat the "Superbowl bound" Detroit Lions first. Should be a great lion victory on Sunday :)
Did you get it?
AL HELL NO.....SMDH.....I'VE SEEN WORST THAN THAT!!!!
we made it up, but figure we call it "say and SLAM!"
The future of cheques remains in jeopardy with specific plans needed to restore faith in the payment option, according to Age UK.
meeting as many fans as u do, I was JW do u ever remember any of them? DO U REMEMBER ME?? I showed u an email Susie sent me!:))))
I wish - but no. I don't even have a Kegerator, but if I ever do . . . give me an arduino and some freetime to play...
I am REALLY enjoying your "guitar after 6" album on spotify!
in my experience change doesn't just happen because its demanded...it takes chipping away to realize things
We thank all of you who have shown us gratitude!
A Review of the Confessions of a Lazy Super Affiliate Affiliate Marketing Course Article by Brian Garvin Ever overhear stori
And now I see another tweet that says 'I ship Zavocado' omg I'm officially dead what the fuck is zavocado omg.
Take a break from your shopping for a breakfast burrito at seasoned with Green Chile Rub!
Merry Christmas to all!
I'm inside the cafe section - I've got us a table, near the window
Life isn't about how hard you can hit. It's about how hard u can get hit and get back up.Rocky V
What's up business guru. We're a startup fantasy sports website. Got some tips for us?
Meaghan's Party Was Pretty Funn, (:
The deadline for L.A. Fall 2011 program is May 2nd! Hurry and apply now!
Exams! Night guys
Way to go Montee !!!! You dumb shit
your welcome(:
SAT next month and havent done one thing for it
My nigga Kobe feeling himself
were gonna sit infront with everyone cause it's a pep assembly! So just come with me. Lol. They can come too.
All of this pounding on the typewriter is making me hammer at the keyboard on my laptop. Oops.
On the plane heading to #GIS12 in Las Vegas.
no man dies alone. rip fop3
Wish the GAB meeting was on the Wis-eye cable feed. My daughter demanded PBS kids. Thanks Elmo, for telling her about it ... jerk.
play draw something with me! username: m4b
well it looks like im the only one lol
what else are u obsessed with that I am?
Opinions to myself? Here y'know what. Your 22 right? Got "involved" with her. Now tell me THAT'S an opinion.
Thats so cool!!!!!
You are very welcome!
TBS needs to do one of those 10 year anniversary of an album tours.
at least I'll have money to do stuff
The Think Like a Man Soundtrack >>>>>
FOR MEN: This medicine may rarely cause a prolonged, painful erection. Contact your doctor if this happens" Well now i'm just scared
Tuning in to #EDULIVE and Big Data
its all about little bitches dooe!
OH SHIT it's Friday the 13th :o
Grades are due 72 hours after a course's final examination.
Well, says to spread the word about So here I am. They give us the gift of STASH IPA, Austin Amber, & others!
Thanks for spreading the word!! :)
Act Like a Big Grrrrrrl in Bongo at 4:30. Come see these amazing women!
listening to It Was Written at work...makes for a stress free work place...
bay i love you
..... GAVIN DEGRAW!!! He makes my morning.
are you in Vegas yet? What's your schedule look like?
What is the SocialMedia wifi connection at Miller Park?
let's go
damn near broke my hand moshing with some gorilla
Just spotted: GCSE results day 2011 - live blog
No i'm sorry for leaving you harrison and tanner..But you're welcome anytime!
I just brought home the globe you gave Emmet. He LOVES it! Thanks!
k give me 10 minutes
good very busy
I promise when Monè destiny comes alive ima keep all yall followers:))))😘😘😝
Can you link where your convergeSE slides are?
increase your credit score with credit repair
Thanks for the interest. However I am no longer managing Tawn P. You should hit her up directly and set that up.
: I'm bored.:D drink a hot cocolate? you???
this monkey's gone to heaven.
Every body stay safe this weekend
": throwedmind210 nice, seems like you should do their promo" That would be an HONOR!
don't get me wrong, Barnes has made Texas a NAME in hoops, recruited well. Do I think he can "coach"? No evidence.
Good morning! Waking up to another cool morning but temps expected to be in the 60's today. Weather+traffic every 10 mins. Who's up with me?
Tickets to tonight's Iron Fork event are sold out. Thanks to everyone who purchased tickets! Can't wait to see everyone tonight!
Cool stay focused
It's amazing what a few years in college can do to your views on "flirting" and "dating". Bye bye, Disney.
I will be here till the 25th!! So excited to see you, I can't even stand it
the man who promises to always buy me taco bell can have my heart.
is busy hacking the mainframe.
Seriously. I thought were DEAD! Those "shoes" suck people!
Hiphop/teaching conference July in WI. Looking forward to it.
nice to meet you in LA - great talk
it all counts! Anything involving Torrey Pines is a rough workout!
have trained twice in a salt water pool now. Love it, except for the chapped lips ; ) Makes me feel like I'm at the beach!
Take a Hike Day! 3 Rules of Mountaineering (consolidated) - Its always farther, taller and harder than it looks!" Get out and walk around!
Ha. It was the only picture worthy fish all day. No matter the size, they all taste good for dinner.
FH Town staff is working tirelessly toward preparation of 2010/11 DRAFT Budget. Great citizen collaboration will be need for best result.
map projection from the this Wednesdays panel on Participatory Urban Planning via
Genealogical Research & Writing: Are You a Saint, Sinner, or Bumfuzzled Soul? Love that title, and hope I'm not bumfuzzled.
That looks ingenius! I'll take a closer look. I keep thinking about Kenneth's idea for "Bird Internet" on 30 Rock.
no the fact that presale tickets are all out in only a little over a hour :/ didn't even get a chance! Ha
Me 3 months ago: omfg can they just WMYB on the radio already please ---me now: omg not again why do they always play WMYB stop
M! Sounds delicious!
There's A Reason For Everything.
Her love of America was profound and her personal concept of "American Amaranth" was engrained in all her children as they grew older....
I don't tweet anymore. Thanks #Facebook mobile!
They say at the end every thing will be alright so obviously it's not the end yet!
: cant wait to see u in a game dominating dudes
hey bud i know some of yr friends. im from cleve, lived there most of my life. if you come to SF we should play a show!
Like I'm really glad I have boobs and not a penis. So squishy >.<
been tryin to get in contact with ya bro. holla at me
New listing in #Stapleton will be on the market tomorrow and open Saturday 1-4. www.toddholmesrealestate.com
Congratulations to WVU, my alma mater, and good luck in the Gator Bowl!
I always enjoy your reporting! Keep up the tremendous work you do. TJ
thanks for the RT!
thanks I'm working real hard to hopefully help the team however I can
“ Celebs Should Be Following Us....If It Wasn't For Us The Wouldn't Be Celebs!”
If anything good has come out of #hlth situation it's that I've found lots of interesting librarians to follow on Twitter.
Good morning :)
so cute!
is streaming the girls state semi final basketball game in the library. Go Eagles.
Planning to show-off DC to some New Yorker friends at Take THAT NYC...
Good try - hard fight - next year!
Ah... IRB. Don't you love them?
"I have an income!" Does that mean you got a job?! Details please!
Just burnt my finger on my curling iron. :(
Goose Island !“: If you could go on a free camping trip to any campground in Texas, where would you go?”
3 weeks until #Graduation!!!!
That is a good one for you today
Our new single, I Am the Dr, will be available this Monday July 25 on iTunes...help up make it into the top 100!!!!!
All right, getting down to business.
Kobe jus faked the hell outta dude!
how many followers do i have ? said 1,000 , i see 999 ..
Yo. Follow me.
it's dope!
Sheesh my bae gotta work Saturday & Sunday :( Ugh. Sigh
Failure is not falling down, but refusing to get up. ~Chinese Proverb
Hello Emi great to meet you here on Twitter.
These white bitches be bout funny as fuck. They be arguin like shit and then they wanna start kissen
Not even worth it.
#2BeHonest I hate the Packers..... but they're such a good team!
Notice how I didnt say "the motto", you're all welcome.
"Can I go to the bathroom?" "Say your ABCs first" "ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOQRSTUVWXYZ" "Wheres the P?" "It's running down my leg"
As an Indiana resident, I haven't seen any Rupert ads....for or against.
omg! did my dad jus follow me?! (wat in the world is going here!?)
You never disappoint :) We had a birthday brunch celebration and the bottomless mimosas were great!
turn on Lions game. “: R the Bucs really this bad? Unreal. Just when u think it can't get any worse, it gets worse.”
I had way too much fun there...I owe it all to Debbie G. I had to follow in her footsteps :)
Names for me.
Sugar can keep your collagen from regenerating, that =’s WRINKLES!
Can't wait to get my Lytro! I'll wait on the new iPad...
Just hit 1,800 likes. Keep tagging! We want to release some free music for you guys!
hahaahahahaha loving that response!
Can someone please teach me how to play #lacrosse?
Thank you to the guys store at Grand Central. They cleaned up my watch & replaced the battery for free. :)
So busy working today that I forgot eating!
Hola Person! How was your day?!
My PHPHandbook tried to trip me.
-poke poke- hello miss :D
Get better man. Glad to see you're alright.
Should I stay up to watch Carrie or just wait till tomorrow?!?! Hmm...
I Should've Kissed You, but you had halitosis
sounds like a fascinating conference.
And thanks for the follow!
Seriously, I'm 32 years old and still don't own a jet turbine engine. There is no excuse, this must be remediated.
Wow that movie was so friggin emotional :(
These carnie folk are the most
Well this has been an odd morning.
Only FIVE SCENES away from the first (very) rough cut!!!
cold clearing up, family coming to visit for the afternoon. turning in to a good day.
unfortunately no. We can do next day if it's early enough in the morning... Thanks for thinking of us though. :)
I feel like people who say that college hoops is better than the NBA haven't watched the in a while
stepped up the cologne game from the curve to the Armani finally! Can't wait to see ya broskie!
Ah, yes. Right, then.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three
lol, perfect. A fifteen-second walk versus my fifteen-minute drive
#AustinOnEllen that will be the best day ever<3
Hey Dino! This is Todd and Dino. We will see you soon...PLEASE?!?!
says not to pack crisp cookies and soft cookies in same container. Crisp ones will turn soft. Thanks!
hi i am a internet worker
Thank you! I hope your day is great, too :)
Love those caution lights at Texas!
I think a little Really Rosie is in order for the next two class periods to celebrate the work of Maurice Sendak.
RT : Special Guest Musician Keller Williams confirmed to join at Memorial Coliseum on November 14th!
Should I make this account MostDopeMahomies or keep it my personal....
all 50 should be devoted to me!
"Demons are dying" - gaylor
Sarah went last night as well with a friend. Dressed as house elves.
#nytmuseums What about museums temporarily lending devices to visitors so they can experiment with SM tools
I dont get it, since when does the NBA have a say in that?
When someone asks you to do something for them but doesn't tell you why, that means DON'T ASK!
DW, SoCal racing is hurting this morning. Closing down Irwindale Speedway. We need some help. Spread the word and pull 2gether.
so sad this is the last time we are seeing you with Grant :'(
Why does black tea make me puke in the morning but not coffee? Well you're not treating my MENTAL HEALTH any longer why not my INJURIES???
Better to live one year as a tiger than a hundred as a sheep. ~ Madonna
Nah not sure what the move is yet afterwards
Done it. Pretty civilized.
outcome of those adjustments are
Two more followers until 470!!
Looking forward to #relayforlife later tonight with and then hanging out with some of my favorite friends....can't wait.
are definitely going on that running playlist!
I'm only packing clothes that make me feel writerly in the mountains. Dress for what you want to do.
You fat hefer, you SERIOUSLY don't need to eat ANYMORE! Aight?
O U CAN REPLY TO HIM RIGHT
that's awesome
yeah. Im tryin to get down there before summer.
On my way to Planet Fitness!! #Team 8 Pack
of course not....cannot wait til tomorrow 8 central chi-town bound!!
they think im 2 fat nd ugly for a guy like him :/
What is going on in Motown?! #Blackhawks have 2 goals straight out of the gate? Let's go !
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe not getting enough sleep
Mom: "You aint gonna say hi to your dad? If It Was Me: "Where's my child support check?"
I told myself i was gonna do throwback thursday...
Now following back & Thanx guys!!!!
Getting ready for school :) I hope i have a GRAND day
Interlink for CommitCRM adding built in customer satisfaction surveys and real-time engineer csat ratings.
: Hasn't he heard the story about the widow's mite?
so jealous
i think he does. :/ well it probably dont matter. do you know how many girls at my school have a crush on him? ALOT.
Mission and New Montgomery. Doors up at 11:30.
Lol I got my baby on my favorite artist, !! Dats a good look :)
Every moment you get is a gift- Spend it on things that matter- InSpotter mobile app
oh I thought you said that I rode a horse named Mario hahaha
I'm so glad!.. I learned alot that night , esp how narrow I have been. :-) will be going live this afternoon
I finished listening to The Art of Fielding by Chad Harbach. I enjoyed much more than I expected.
Lmao! Jerry Sloan at the Jazz game and doesn't even have the best seats in the house...good job Utah.
Hi Ella...love the pictures of Rocky!
you should add my bbm pin: 28A0B6C1
yeah totally girl
I love your show. From nyc
Lebron James chokes in the playoff jokes to commence... NOW!
Mapping Museum Content: many historical photos w/ geolocation info+multi-interfaces: we can play w/ both at AAM in Philly this May!
Anyone knows what happened to Nimsoft Ondemand? No sign of it on Nimsoft website.
i want chinese food so bad
I'm bored on break at work and tweeting you has made it go faster haha
Very doubtful. Look for Thompson to add a couple RB's by signing undrafted free agents. Starks/Green are talented and cheap.
Bad #chess night. Grrr. Frustration.
Mailing out copies to mags and blogs next week for potential review! Last time I did this it cost me $100.00 in stamps!
heyy guess what im not mad anymore know why i stole my moms donut :D
The moment when u r confuse of who u like cuz there so many cute guys around lolz smh
for everyone that #follows i will #follow you back. dont be #shy and #talk to us too
A lot better <3
had a great night with a good friend - saw Pirates and loved it, dined at the Franklin in SB and loved it, but the company was the best!
When did working with people turn into baby sitting
#Celtics survive and advance! Boston beats Atlanta, 83-80, in Game 6 to eliminate the Hawks. KG: 28 points, 14 rebounds.
I'm in #NYC today to share news of with #opera colleagues
You Coming To Our Party ??
Former manager of youth hockey rink in Lynn charged with having child porn on his computer. Latest at 5:30 on
just spoke in favor of the at&t/t-mobile merger at the public utilities hearing... what do you think?
Park is always fun with my boys (:
Arts Center of the Ozarks. Jennifer L Fay & Michael Zoller starts May 3.
I saw that a long time ago. So funny.
At until 9 tonight, come in and see me for a cut or color!! :)
brokers on Wall St. Associate Norward&Snipes w/Wesley Fenty-Norward Securities what's a Few xtra Million
I always carry "green" oil on my truck, Valvoline nextgen. We come to you for a change.
Well today was extremely uneventful
