I'll let you know when I get it!
Bank of America site just asked me to verify by entering my debit card, expiration, and security code - sounds fishy. I'll wait a while.
You should come to Orlando cause us Floridians know how to have fun! c;
I'm actually enjoying "50 Shades of Gray" more than I thought I would, but cringe every time I see "holy crap" and "holy cow" in the text.
aw thanks lmaooo! Meh I'll be 18 me and jordo will be at the bar downing the shots, he won't care
SPECIAL DISCOUNT: Don't miss our special offer: take 3 or more workshops over $49 in March & save $20. Signup deadline March 4th!
Only because it was a mid-season addition, I think.
Wanna hear a new song from our upcoming 7"??? Tune into our radio appearance on Into the Void tonight!
What are you gonna save the Eucharist for later? Put some mayo or buffalo sauce in it?
i love all you and just add my followers that follow kisses :D
See you there! “: Well fellas, it's that day! FINAL FOUR!!!!”
Any speedy streets you want us to check out? Let and know and we'll try to get there.
NAW he always look like Prince to me lmao
Just got done tanning <3 my head hurts now though, I hate when that happens.
Headed to take in MILvNYK broadcast w/ HatchetteNYC - like brothers at war - 8 SEED LET'S GET IT - Go Los Buckz, win or go home.
hahaha victory has never tasted so sweet
RT Sure thing, love the pieces.. ": i have some samples for u to test if u will, love"
Respect women, I don’t care if they a 2 or a 10
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 16
I love Drake so much <3
That makes it harder, though it's possible the author's still working in the field... (IME = "in my experience").
idk I thought if u was under 18 u had to have somebodii over 21 :/ but ion kno !
Perhaps. Definitely not an old school, mom & pop joint. Great place for a date night, though.
blink over some liquid liner
I hope my mama had a safe flight to Vegas!!
The Dust. It just keeps coming back!
thinking miraculous thoughts for you and your lovelies! Hoping St. Anthony can do his thing.
wish would tweet me :)!! but that will never happen :(
Thanks! Giles, Jorgensen, and P Baker present and accounted for.
How did it get cold all of a sudden?
Thanks for the RTs/mentions!
lol I never thought I wuld see the day when kian slams ur head into a locker!
I haven't tweeted in like days.. o.O shocker
what are the options?
take me too
“: Falling for someone you wouldn't imagine seeing yourself with.”
I 4got start doing some more shit I'm make it up
Weather's gonna be like this till Wednesday aw hell nah
It's gonna be a long hot summer and we should be together <3
Let's go #Chiefs!!!!
thanks for the link to the nasal strips. I use those to help me sleep.
You know, somebody actually complimented me on my driving today. They left a little note on the windscreen, it said 'Parking Fine'
“Success doesn't come to you… you go to it.” Marva Collins. I just read up on this lady - very inspiring. Dissatisfaction & a desire to help
Family dinner night! :) I hope marinating steaks for 10 hours is a good thing...
RT : USDA spent $220 million in 2004 on nutrition ed, 2% of what the food industry spent on mktng to kids.
Really excited to see so much discussion on my last #cyborgology post. I'll get to writing replies as soon as I have some time.
Thanks to everyone who watched!
You know those little screens at the gas pumps? They should start showing porn, so I can watch someone else getting screwed at the pump.
“: Fake nails, Fake hair, Fake ass, Fake nose, Fake voices, Fake breast....Are you sure you weren't made in china?”
Metro Gallery hosts Jarret Walker discussing new book "Human Transit" how geometry shapes successful transit 1700 N. Charles St. 2/7 12-1pm.
There is no way to gracefully get out of my sports car in a dress and heels.
Hey there, (HiEdCIO), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Dear New Hampshire State Prison: never belonged in your prison!! Open the doors & let him go! #wronglyconvicted in NH! SHAME!!
Ranga Pae - Maori for "encircling the earth" & Ranga in Sanskrit = color. Colorful music from a little band from Maui, Hawaii.
VA Sloan winners on Flexibility are: Heritage Wealth Advisors, USN Explosive Command, #VCU Health Systems
When is the last time you had a family portrait done? We can shoot one on location at your favorite #RVA springtime spot!
who wanna play a game! i wanna play a GAME!
You already have the ability. 70 per cent of the human body is water!:-) whales love U!
Hi Colleen! Excited to see you on Twitter.
So, do you have any questions about acting? I would be pleased to answer them :)
“: What's meant is meant! What isn't meant won't happen no matter how hard you try to force it!” you be blessing me!!
Never take action when you are angry.
Who are you?
Chicago, Lancaster, and Carlsbad CA on the support agenda for today
And they're young & aggressive!
we saw yall.YALL GETS IT IN
Every sub MUST change the formation.
Why does always run out of my size?!
“: I want everything from the Kate Spade line of earrings. Every single one is adorable.” agreed!!! I want it all!!!!
Fuck that heux. What's up Pc!
I LOVE YOU ♥.♥ Follow back please!!!!! SNOOKI YOU ARE GREAT! Love watching #JerseyShore just to see you u.u
We all have something that digs at us, at least we dig each other
Bitch I go to work do my cat daddy (;
haha yeah it was just hard to explain :P but i dont hate you :)
Evan Hoffman&#39;s vehicular homicide trial to start in Newton next week
sounds good man!!
Visit The Bakken at The State Fair during STEM Day - Thurs 8/25 in Carousel Park!
iDon't care about the dumb people who post sh!t about me :D
That was a good one.
tight. I'll work on writing that second verse of mine.
Nope, you hurts my feelings
First 7 days of this month with great business success!!!!!!!
Tired.. been a busy week. Everything seems to have the same deadline lately (yesterday).
Whenever Justin is online I don't know why but I automatically freak out.
A website where pop musicians crowd source song concepts? Give the people what they want.
PUPPY BOWL!!!
Students from Temple Oheb Shalom sharing their morning with BCAC, learning how to keep kids safe.
yeah sometimes its hard though especially when its someone you really cant stand.
We re-open at 4 p.m. today! We now feature everyday low prices ($2 domestics, $3 imports, $3 wells, $4 calls, $6 martinis) and free WiFi.
who are you the most close with on the show? i have been dying to know! thanks for always tweeting me back =) xoxo
IT'S GAMETIME!!! The two greatest words in sports: GAME 7!! It's win or go home!!! Let's do this!!
Hey Michael! Happy weekend to you too!!
Rochester's indie paper ( ) is a well-written hoot. I laughed out loud three times reading it over lunch.
Here we go!!
he mad because I had to get my rest last night lol.
text me <WeMissAustin!>
Means You Know RT : What does tu sabes mean.
thank you!
RT : My long journey to school, just made that much better with blasting <3 happy Monday everyone!
How well does your dog get along with your cat? Do you have a picture? We wanna hear about it!
heard MMAs #TitoOrtiz on #The Herd: 'if not fighter, I'd be a teacher. I wasn't a good student.' it just didnt sound right to me
Heh, fair enough. Closing the deal is really hard in storytelling. ME3 comparisons to Lost are useful in that regard.
I deleted that tweet so I don't confuse people.
no problem :))
Thanks so much ; I think this is just the beginning. Maybe I can find more stuff to fix! :)
I love thunderstorms. They're my fave.
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE! THE DAY JESUS CHRIST WAS BORN!
You know what Harden is going to do but you still let him do the same thing.
Watching the #futurecats in the #JBC2012! Already a block party by
Good lord, we're doomed MT : As of this tweet, has nearly 1.8 million more followers than New York Times.
Vegan Meat: for when you hate eating animals, but not enough to actually sacrifice things in your life
Thanks to the for making and serving lunch to our guests this afternoon!
Waking up late and not being able to find a ride in sucks
welcome to the Twitterverse! New pic. New Tweet. New followers.
The risen Christ is our peace with God, our power to work, and our purpose for living. John 20:19-23
Thanks for the RT!!
8^) Getting close to finishing book 2. I can taste the ending, and soon shall it be sent to editing. Deadline no longer terrifying.
I will never again lose pounds that I have already lost once (or 4 or 5 times) before.
Life can be so stressful sometimes, it's important to remember what really matters: a cheap laugh at someone else's expense.
We're glad you enjoyed your time at Elements Spa!
Wade being 1-10 is just awful. He's losing his cool with himself and his coach. Very immature still only 9 lots of time
where did you find it lou?xx
Bitch just tried to get gram of loud off her looks now that's Aprils fools money is the motive
I don't wanna get outta my bed
I am on my way over!
And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the multitude of sins. 1 Peter 4:8
#SaySomething is the BEST SONG EVER!! omg, where you trying to kill me!? I'm proud of you<333
them yours lol
Nice...wait, do you ever work?
I still adore #CyndiLauper :D Always will 'til I lose my hearing when I'm really, really old and wrinkly! XD
co to ten tlumbr ?
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. Theodore Roosevelt
R.I.P Grandma HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!! -Goin to the gravesite <3
go team #pink (and, let's face it, team Mac)
now coming back with ERROR - Forbidden. Hate I missed it
her shoes cute but her feet stupid big. lol
She has Cuddliness of Doom!
thanks, you've won a martini lunch at Locke overs next I'm in town!
Maybe in 2013 RT : I just realized.. I guess we're not doing the Kentucky derby party proposal
She's got that #inthebag “ i'm giving you tomorrow's theme now: "in your bag"”
woohoo I was getting worried! RT scrivens with the win for ! nice early bday present for me!
My mom is already writing my senior ad...funniest ad ever. And she's putting in the embarassing baby pics to match.
“: just dropped a classic over one of my beats.” Thanks bro
what kind of intervals do you like the most? Thanks for all your info!
Friday flashback jam: Billy Bragg - "Sexuality"
#KING LOUIS Tuesdays
Let's go boys
(bryan) Warren Etheredge presenting. I wanna ask him about his awkward interview w/Charlie Kaufman at the "Synecdoche, New York" screening.
Hope it clears up for you!
Everyone follow now!
I know I got flaws, I know I'm not perfect. But all the ups and downs will soon be worth it.
Sharon is the best! RT : Those were all awesome wtg
OH yea lady, werk those Uggs! CLEARLY it's snowing outside..
Come party at 524 NW 23rd Ave, Portland, OR 97210 With Sticks&Stones x Harding&Wilson!
#NFB don't be a twitter stranger
If I told you I still loved you what would you say
yes my love, I always can talk to u with my phone :) that's really good bc when u tweet me I get the notification ;))
Fuckin go time!!
you can sign up for the BarNone Brewer trip for May 18th at the bar now!! Hell yeah!!!
"We get up every morning and go to work knowing what we must do to win Missouri and that we will succeed."- Carl W.
Ah the pedway. How I miss it. Bet you're not missing Rita yet RT : Having a in the building = third cup of coffee today
when hes being serious he gets very deep with his voice.
tellin someone why u love them is like describing what water taste like .
lol no I'm not xD
Only the music can save me.
Where do the best laughs come from? Terrific connections made intellectually or terrific revelations made emotionally. - Del Close
very good performance from all you guys! Love your cussing but sensitive Santa Monica!
Today is World Teachers Day. Thank you to all my teachers at UPIS
love it!
Need to hire Infection Control Nurses? We'll not only find them for you but we'll make the first (difficult) contact for you! 513 899 9628
brunch at garden cafe tomorrow. After recovering from hangovers?
Will the plane bomb = Obama calling it an Overhead Contingency Operation? RT : I guess the War on Terror isn't over after all.
It's cause i'm always working. Or sleeping. Sometimes it's both, depending on which job i'm at.
What a nice compliment. Congratulations, Mel.
Oh. I was wondering why stock prices haven't changed all day long.
I told you he's good. Darius Terrel said so.
Localist hits the Ivy League. Cornell University! We're pumped. Coming in early January.
not yet
Got some free Noodles Mac & Cheese after the Dragon Dash. I guess a little carb loading after running won't hurt.
Perhaps... Anyway, thanks for following us back! ^SZ
Off work for the day. I think its time for a long awaited nap.
WI State Senate budget deliberations to begin at 11:00 a.m.
I must tell you I have been reading some of your articles and just wanted you to know they were great!!
- Looking forward to having Steven Jones speak at the Windup Space next Tuesday on CRAFT!
Nick I'm dropping a new single next month that might interest you.
In life there are always going to be people doing better or worst than you.
yeah same here #Cotto fought his ass off tho!
All Day Bro! All F'N Day!
thx for sharing!
because it can get infected i guess- they can re-do it but can't guarantee it will work- sorry to burst your bubble!
Sometimes I don't know what to do
I Don't Really Care what you think about me
I bet you like that dontcha Harold.
were gonna party on the bus
watching this pageant dance jus sed "why is it an 8 count? Why can't they go to 10" haha never seven thought about it lol
Great show on PBS tonight on Big Band Singers. Check it out- unless you're in Milwaukee!
can someone in #houston get to town? Hopefully some week when I could make the show? nudge
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – David Guetta feat. Usher - With Out You (Katnip Remix)
Happy Jackie Robinson Day!!!!!
Hats off to Alb Acad for teaching the importance of philanthropy to young people! Thanks to Community Builders their generous donation.
Post Paul drinks anyone? No raw milk...please
fuck yes it's cause we're awesome, same thing happened with BVB but now they suck as
It's that time again that happens every night feeling too #lazy to cook and very #hungry. Maybe if I hadn't just spent all day doing work...
That was the hardest yet the sweetest walk yet - 8.3 miles... #WalkAcrossAmerica June 5 leaving NY - LA for
“: God does have a sense of humor 😃” Yes he does, he probably looks a some twitter lines, laughs & Shakes his head.
Anybody got a tee I can borrow? Or would want to go hit with me?
TURN THE HUMANS LOOSE --- Release 10% of the Millions of Humans Locked-Up at Historic-High USA Rates since 1776. USA Campaign
Good morning tweedos! I feel so relaxed today!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone
Sweet Dreams
Not talking to for an hour. He shot down my office-wide Big 12 baseball trivia idea. His concept of fun is embarrassing.
Reading at Risk argues sustained, complex, imaginative focus trains ppl to be good citizens.
very funny
For the record, I am not anti-call box. I am pro-responsible government. If a box hasn't been used in 3years, why pay for it?
Larry's not an ambi-turner?
Cocoa Jeans takes over with a fashion show + beats by DJ Frisko Eddy tonight ! Doors at 9pm.
gotta bunch of musikk! im excited.. cant wait to c kanee
“: can you guarantee this??” ya can u...
I knew a girl in my school that starved herself. She didn't eat for like a week. All she drank was water and eat crackers.
That sounds so disgusting... but I would totally try it.
Roots of LA&#39;s 1992 Uprising | The Sound Strike
thanks 4 da follow back back
Wonder if she understands the difference between me and a bad bf yet, I love teaching people lessons 😁
Oh, I meant with all-cotton clothes like out of "Let Us Now Praise Famous Men" and so on. But sure, I know. Whatever. Not for me.
:( Keep Trying! More chances all this week, starting tomorrow!
Before I started driving a cab I had never taken notice of them on the streets of Denver.
What a nice morning...
looking forward to seeing the great Steve Turre and his group tomorrow evening!
Can't wait for the weekend ❤
😂lmao @ he tear shit up lol.... Hey you gotta love him for that
where in the hell do you have 4 toothbrushes???
sitting here bored somebody hmu
we should go to forever 21 to shop for florida :)
ha whats wrong?
nice work --> Produced my first game today.
2012 is here. #2012 It all starts now fans. Buckle up, it's going to be a memorable year.
#ROC Come visit all of our friends at the Verona Street shelter today!! We have a surplus of cats and dogs that need good homes!
Look for a new bank, I guess!
I think I'd take the under on that for ANY NL team
SOX: Guess who? Will Middlebrooks. The 3B lines two-run double to LF with the bases loaded and the #RedSox take quick 2-1 lead, B2.
it is getting rather cold lol.
I finally joined. Cause of you. Be proud.
The more you make, the more the hate, the more they're fake, that's just how the game go
oh the things we've read from you....
mornings just don't go well for me.
Do you live in Sea Colony? Start collecting cans for our Dec 1 food drive!
Of course the black guy goes first. :( This movie is bullshit.
The team is looking forward to a morning of service this Thursday at one of our partner schools for !
RT The flaming lips just released a new single, ITS SIX HOURS LONG, not 6 minutes, 6 HOURS. thats just crazy #allforsomethingnew”
depends on what you're looking for: art, comedy, action, suspense, kid friendly, blockbuster?
Are presale tickets going to have a special code when they go on sale tomorrow?
just got a delicious nutella, banana, and whipped cream waffle from a great #DC company, the food truck!! near #AU today!
Ashley had a cancellation at 10:30 tomorrow morning. Call the salon to book your haircut!
nice tweets, lady!
you will when i dropp dat as
Not sure why melvin felt he needed to trade McGehee today. Don't like the trade. Could have tendered a contract and looked at other deals.
Good crowd & good match to start off the show. I'm loving #ExtremeRules so far.
with the trumpet, but not the guy on the screen.
I literally like spazzed out when I saw the #TEENWOLF season 2 promo! can't wait!!!!
I love u to death! Plz rt
Last weekend in the car, I told JT to look at the stars. He did... and asked, "but why don't they have pointy edges?"
in all seriousness...they're both not all there. they both have some issues...
To the #parents out there, what would you pay for your kid's #tshirt? What do you kids like to wears (those old enough to choose)?
Like. RT : Great challenge from audience member re: line blurring of relevance & sensationalism.
RT : Throw beat him by a mile. Almost always decides it....
dat summertime air!
Where are all you wanna-be/soon-to-be/#indie/ #film makers out there? Let me know what you are up to...
you aren't the only one, I haven't seen or tasted a Clearly Canadian in at least a decade.
hehehehe !!! im like that in school all the time :P my fave is JASON SHAWN SMITH <3333333333 ah so cute
Best of luck!
RocNation is Jay-z's management group that owns MMG
isn't the grey one sick-- is sporting the grey with bright blue face right now--- very legit
Good morning sunshine ladies.
that is a very powerful one. Thanks for sharing!
Tonight! All bottles of wine half off. we'll start doing it every Tuesday, but Christmas comes early tonight. Even reserve btls get the disc
Life is complete?? I feel so significant that i can complete a life :) haha
For me, cyborg tech is daily reality, so SF cyborgs seem less interesting. To me, LIGHT was about style, aesthetics, poetry.
HOmeWOrk time blah trend this #HATEHOMEWORKDAYOOPSORRYEVERYDAY:(
Get to tonight for good drink specials and great music provided by myself and !
Followers - support Canine Companions for Independence, visit our blog, read "July's Charity" and follow the instructions.
After three days of work, the revitalized Westminster Applebee's is now open and looks great!
sulia doesnt bother me as much because i don't have to click.
Physical relations...like a lady
what mamal can breathe from its ass?
Lunch kitchen is open
Advocate buys children's cardiology group
Jennifer Love Hewitt has some tiggo bitties!!!
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!!
Listening to Jim's pick of Schubert's fugue on Cum Sancto Spiritu from the Eb Mass… well, he's trying…
why did you get rid of those pictures?
40 points in the first!
I think Tim McGraw's Better Than I Used To Be basically sums up my life. It's a journey people. Enjoy it.
u know seriously making fun of someone death is not funny.
I feel your pain. Take a deep breath!
they were getting pretty intense!
Listening to my poem What's the Emergency written re the bombing of the Twin Towers.
jesus fucking christ, you one fake ass motherfucker, you say you hate someone, and end up being their fucking friend all the time.
I've more or less eaten nothing but toast and celery for the past 3 weeks.
Finally hopped onto the #McRib bandwagon, disappointed to say the least
Check out my new listing in Los Feliz. Brokers Open this Tuesday, June 14th from 11am to 2pm...lunch served! www.3651holboro.com
Thanks for the RT. Might you make it out tomorrow night?
Its a no GO.. Didn't get the part today. Oh well on to the next big and better part, or as they say that's show business.
Since blog posts are dated you should have no problem enforcing your copyright.
Umm yes. That is a nice deal
Russian Federation: Language in this document must maintain the superior rights of parents in the education of their children
It's pretty awesome to see so many people walking around #StationNorth tonight. How do we make this a regular thing.
We live in a world of belief.
where can I get a copy of your book?! I feel it may answer some questions I've been dealing with. Thanks :)
split the cash? I can always Pete Rose it.
Damn!! I forgot my sandwich at home!! I'm hungry!
what happened to u, is everything alright??
And you should be! RT : If you're interested in meeting the team, they're hanging out at the for an hour or so ;)
it went alright haha. Not a big celebration
Supermarket donated 20 cases of food to us! We are giving it all away!
I would like to know when the players vote on this?? Freeney really?? None of my players voted and weren't asked...
cuz what sasha? If u dnt wnt to say it on twitter text me. And I dont really have a better chance
Glad to hear you enjoy the dates, we'll have to keep you posted on our #baconwrappeddates eating challenge in May!
~Im Deaf To BullShit And Blind To Fake..!
If #whcd is considered nerd prom, then our gala must be the nerdier prom? Nerdiest prom?!
FYI to my followers. That "Recall Santa" is old as hell already... Please don't plan on using it. And btw I hate politics so don't try...
Thanks especially to for their insightful thoughts.
Who's got a boner?!
YEE finished reading part 43 I love it!!<3
Nice! Thank you! that place is SO BIG.
Having to call your mom to wish her a Happy Mother's Day and not being able to tell her in person feels pretty crappy. 😔
He is playing to the conservative wing until he cements the GOP election. He will then move to the center promotg MA reform!!
I'm fairly confident our friend can attest you definitely do not need a lock picking set in all engagements
Please join us for our election night festivities this evening we will be at Carnelian By The Bay, 1 Ferry Plaza, 9-12 PM
Glad to have introduced you to Box! The outfits are cute. Love the African prints. Will send you my choices by end of day.
. M I HATE people who nevr answer they phone, like what do u have one for !
a few more weeks!
Will the Georgia wineries be featured in any way?
Life's a long lesson in humbleness.
Enjoying a banana with nutella....Delicious
anyone want a shoutout?? DM if you do! (: <33
Excited to watch the talented and wonderful perform tonight.
A girl can dream Morgan ": Can I just give up and become a Snorlax?"
but it's triple hopped! ok, it's godawful.
The one about avoiding the injury bug? Isn't there a spray for that?
CLAW! Tomorrow (Tuesday 9/9) 8pm @ Blue Moon! Bet on your fave wrestler, bribe a judge, bribe the ref, drink beer, have fun!
My cousin tried to deep cover a girl on the first date. Apparently that's a little too much.
Pretty sure brain just exploded from working very hard w/awesome colleague from UCLA, stay tuned for great #mlanet12 resource soon!
I watched glee. I liked it.
Bring Back Ringer 20
I know, I know(;
Happy Friday!
cold. rainy. perfect.
"That's atrocious, you guys!"
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that?
yeah god saved me :)
Damn now everybody Pacer fans
Can he use a pair of tweezers and a nail to start a semi? Wait, that's MacGyver. Wrong Mac
Kurt Vonnegut~ Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists unless laughter can be said to remedy anything.
Campaign Monitor. They're both user-friendly and technically flexible/ customizable. Also they're big on best practices.
#HighSchoolMemories When I got chased from a mother chicken...
Audible is recommending I use my new credit to try Fifty Shades of Grey. Is that because my last purchase was Between Shades of Gray?
Thank you for sharing Kat! Blessings
Happy Valentine's Day! We love you....
well you gon really needa wish right now when my goons come thru & start shootin stars.
#terran Fairlock retired a Ultra Male and got rewarded 20 points.
“: Had a hell of a workout #teamfitness” #TeamFitness Approved
I took FIR, TRS, & BVb out of my about me... I still love em but not that I can express in only 160 characters with the rest of my info Mer
yes! I can't take it anymore! It's terrible!!!!
That's like a person's favorite flavor of kool aid is "red".
I just pissed off a spider, it's in my room. I'm sleeping on the couch.
We are open. Get in here!
Goin to my doctors. They're gonna tell me if i have/had mono, strep, or pharyngitis.
Those "Scrappy" Buccos are streaking! RT : Probably the scrappiest 3-game winning streak in the Majors this season
we had a maths test today and i couldn't be fucked doing it so i copied most of sophie's answers... >:D
u remember me right
Stoned like a gravel road
my room smell like gain and loud
Pretty sure this is the year that Kevin Orie really starts to put it all together.
do you have stories to tell me tomorrow??
PM us for all your #transportation needs!
For interpretation to be social, museum has to open the door for visitor's voices, but not leave the room.
I believe in America the way Thomas Jefferson taught us. Not the way obamas big banking buddies want me to believe.
Watching the Yankees play the Oakland A's...and it is a very good game,,,since Oakland is winning 3 to 0. However, the Yankees are very good
why hello there.
Watching the #Boondocks too. Too funny!
Great to see Kiner throw the ball out at opening day
Lebron vs Durant could become the new Bird vs Magic
I wonder if prefers Miami Heat or New York Knicks ? He probably won't see this 🏀🏀
“: My vagina is wet.” So that's what I felt :(
Wishing I could be in Vegas for 's show :(
Are you thinking of the Creation Music Festival essay? That one was good.
and that's what's going to continue to happen
Building roads and bridges thousands of miles away w/ our tax dollars is Bad policy
shut up
Just saw a certain young lady I'm following post a picture on Instagram looking like she used the Lamar Odom filter. No búeno.
Pretty sure I saw Devin Ebanks pull that shizz while he was at Bishop Loughlin back in the day.
I know right. (:
Welcomes all families to come support our boys as MURFC takes on UW-Lacrosse! Come out and show your support, MURFC Faithful!
Happy Friday!
she almost ruined it for us!!!
That's better than the reverse, anyway.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol
If the only tool you have is a hammer....every problem looks like a nail.
why can't you give out Harry's instagram?
So today some girl came girl come to me and was like "hey are you still obsessed with ?" my response is "of course i am"
don't forget the rainbow sticker
Vita-beer...is that so hard?
The Warriors are shooting 54.5 percent. The lead the Spurs 39-35 with 8:19 left in the half.
It's the first day of summer and we're ready for the heat! High close to 110 tomorrow. Make sure you stop by to stay cool!
you need to be playing cops and robbers with me ;) lol
2011-2012 concert series brochure looks great! They should arrive next week! press check at
aye cause ion have oil in my car...can that make it overheat
Be kind to yourself. Accept yourself. Love yourself and who you are.
& Lee Hirsch you made our day by posting this! Visibility for bullied gay youth is crucial. Can't let them be forgotten.
Good Friday sermon draft done. On to vestry.
It's Friday! I can feel the excitement on
APPY @ ODESK .COM FOR JOS MAKING GOOD MONEY NO OUT OF POCKET EXPENSE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS work your way up grinding
haha. That's when I decided orange was a good color hahs
Hasn't already happened Via US Subsidiaries & SUPERPACS? Congress SURE seems in HURRY to export jobs & tech data to China!
Found another artist to add to the list of music to help me sleep. Joshua Radin's voice is soothing.
back to the #amwriting tomorrow. Characters have been sufficiently warned to expect conflict. No more Ms. Nice Writer!
I thought Will Middlebrooks use to play for the Chiefs.
I love it when chefs share what they themselves really eat, not what they make for others.
We don't know how lucky we truly are till God does something to prove that to us.❤
;; I hate my mom
Happy BDay, Sunny Jim. 130 years and Ulysses enters the public domain-a new birth. Riverrun past Adam and Eve's....
hahaha I miss you to! I can't wait till the day when we can be together!!!!
Glad u enjoyed! RT Had most amazing meal where improvised an incredible tasting menu 4 us.
if u have a minute will u dm me today?
facebook is to funny!!
What is the #Secret to the #Dragon?
It's too damn hot out.
Ima just lay here, watch the rain, listen to slow jams, and think myself to sleep
you should check out 's profile. She made an online portfolio...
Yes I do. 2 so far and another one on the way. Cordyceps:treating diabetes cancer and other illnesses and healthy without chemical
Looking at Wheeler's stats, he's not normally this bad. Just not throwing any K's, BB's up.
very soon...you don't want to see these parts...were polishing...
"Working with you guys was great! Glad we took your recommendation." We're always happy to recommend the perfect meal for your event!
If you don't throw like a pro, you gotta go!
ucch. I love your life!
haha I'm done for a while cause I gotta go do some shit lol
Dex: Always carry a flashlight...so if someone locks you in their car trunk, you can entertain yourself with amazing shadow puppets! Me: 0_o
Stay Tuned For #snailfishandroaches :D
These penalties don't matter when you are on the 1-inch line.
You were right on about your weekday picks. Spotted Kirsten Dunst at Westway Monday and Woody Allen Wednesday
thanks star :)
RUNNING THE OFFENSE DOESN'T MEAN YOU DRIBBLING AROUND LIKE A FUCKING MORON AND TAKING A FLOATING JUMPER
Good morning! Xxo.. up early!
it's not about # of eyeballs anymore - it's about engagement.
haters gonna hate, bakers gonna bake!
EII see you later love you!
#Commonlaw is one of my favorite show! Plus is super HOT ;D
ill write the program if someone fronts the money :)
ISO: VIP tickets to the Big Tap In
12 "Marketing Super Powers" #10 The Power of Determination - no matter what happens or how many "no's" you here keep pushing towards victory
Happy Saturday Beautiful People! Partied hard last night so I'm laying low today. My first time watching rugby and I like it - XavierLT.com
You can do anything! "I can do all things thru Christ who gives me strength." Philippians 4:13 (Bible)
Marcel the shell! :D
only 3 years—give or take—til you know the difference again.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou ...(?) You hav no chance of getting any type of consideration from me..
#myweakness that half smile that guys do.
doin my hair :)
Thank you. I shall take it impersonally!
there's a fair number of people on my follow list like that, if you like
Typical text message (12.am-5:am ) are you awake ?
Want your followers to stick around? You must ensure that your observations, complaints, and quips are actually amusing.
LOL it does sound wrong. Well Congrats on the new phone!!!
why am i obsessed w/
#slcwebinar you don't know if connections will pay off, but if you don't have them, they won't
Thinkin bout making the decision to move to Miami with my mother! One thing. I dont like living in Miami tho!
I'm seeing so many signs.
Thanks for helping spread the word! RT : Check out !!! Early #FF!
stop fucking with my feelings..vibes.
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 39
we're used to people getting it wrong
Oh yes it is. I love my country! :-) So many amazing memories. I organized an international trip for this summer :-)
So, if the hotel is not feasible without public financing maybe they shouldn't build it? Even with $300m subsidy from city?
happy valentine's day <3
Does anyone know how to cite a reprinted manuscript in APA? ie. John Dewey reprint in 1966 original print in 1916...Democracy in Education.
Have a good night, Anita. Sleep well. :)
Finally watched the #happyendings season finale. & crew killed it. Wud luv 2 hang w/ that crew. Best ensemble since friends
Good Point
Just realized battlefield 3 update gave us colorblind assist. Happiest man ever!!!!!
agreed.. I wish I could just be a hobo but I'm pathetic and can't be happy without money
I know but it's sinking in now
please follow me you girls are gorgeous!!
Authors beware. Publisher client reports that within minutes of releasing their eBook, it was offered on scores of "free" book sites.
I want another goal
what's argenta? this city invents a new hip neighborhood a day. cant keep up!
Working the night away as usual. Who's up and wants to tell me a story while I slave away on this comp? B)
your coming home tomorrow?
hey Drew!
For those who stand in the place of evil, shed me from your fear. Love yourselves for such courage. Show me your hearts and dine in heaven
Careless World releases Tuesday <3
Don't tweet when you're angry...Don't tweet when you're angry...Don't tweet when you're angry...Don't tweet when you're angry...
Monday, you've got me motivated & inspired beyond measure! A bright, early & on-the-go start to the week. Wouldn't have it any other way.
According to , my Klout score is 59 . According to today's Wall Street Journal, that's one less than GE CEO Jack Welch. Hmm. Odd.
#BandsILove School of Rock. :-)
Time is STILL WASTIN.....TASTIN my TONGUE after I've BITTEN IT....doh !!
ok... this is not sleeping in..but I am awake.
Can i get a follow if i do ?(:
Sure! No problem! From not on lets use #SWAG to show that we support and care about our wonderful Who's with me?
Dude! Josie found this at target clearanced for 5 bucks! You should go check it out!
Hey everyone! April 19 is Baked appreciation day!! Get all the free cookies til the sun goes down... Just 'cause we love you. Please RT! :D
ommmmgggg twinning! Haha a bad twinning though:p
New Orleans should have a hot dog eating contest featuring Lucky Dogs, like Nathan's does in NY.
"Looking at next 5-10 years you’re not going to see huge and disruptive change" [in journal publishing]
Got hugs from the kids in my class today :) gonna miss those kiddos!!
If you are a member of you get into our show FREE tonight! Come see us and laugh your face off :)
I love it
after that, 6th grade girls
My sister is finally back in P-Town. Love.
fuck ya. True fan right there.
thanks bud! U should hold a pic of me up on then.
#teachers so a kid asked me today...why do you have a skinny body and a big head? Awesome...
I'm free all day. what time works for you?
what you want to eat?
So it'll be #Sharapova and #Azarenka in tomorrow's finals showdown. Should be a good hard-hitting match!
Why can't I just meet Austin and tell him how much I love him tho.
This music is killing me.
I totally referenced that song in class slides last spring.
Thanks for the RT!
~in ur long winded apology, where is the one for Kris(& i don't mean your mom)? A real life? step away from the FAME
what you talkin' about willis?
WOW what a freaking brogue kick! #smackdown <OVER THE LIMIT12>
on my way, doin the ice cream dance.
*hugs* back to you, my buddy o' buddies.
Just bought your awesome video editor. Feature request - background preferences. Older eyes have trouble with dark purple.
almost forgot to set my DVR to record Sports Reporters cause its on #ESPN2 this week...phew!
Big ten champs! Rose bowl baby!
Friday flashback jam: Spiritualized - "Run"
Hey Lee how long will you be at Borgata for? Thinking about making a trip for last few tournies.
swag pack???
what was yours?
aww its gunna be so scute if beyonce has a baby girl. she'll have little single ladies dancing around ;)
I was singing in class! FUN! ;D
Watching in Off Their Rockers, love this show!
Lax game today gonna kick some steinbrent as!
For sure, let's do it! Would love to get our little ones together.
Today is a very blue snowy cold day in New York, it is October looks like December. Hope everyone is coping with this sudden weather change
Congrats to for winning! The answer is the Trojan war. Stay tuned for more chances to win here and on Facebook!
Well, first, I'm not sure I'd agree. I've heard many critiques that European arts world is stagnant b/c of lack of incentives.
IT WILL BE 81 ON SUNDAY.
if you find a solution let me know. Ill gladly apply it.
Hey , cheif those Jets are done Sanchez is a clown he to scary but anyway hope all is well . check me out week 11 looks easy
Dear "Popular People," They didn't name candy after you did they? Sincerely,Nerds
: I'm tweet-texting and can't do that.
Nick Will you please follow me please!!<3
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal | Pamela Vaull Starr
What is #AgileUniversity ? "Agile" is a software development / project management methodology.
Gotta give Lundquist credit, he ain't givin up nuthin to the Caps
Not gunna gunna mention any names but a certain spanish teacher is a real bitch.
Good night all<3
Thanks Kim! We will come stop by for some grits soon.
Whoa man, is really digging the new album, available today from ! Been on repeat all day.
Chen I love Julie Chen of #the talk. She is a very classy lady!
If money doesn't grow on trees then why do banks have branches?
watchu known bout this song boy
Fresh vegetables, jewelry, hats. this Tomorrow 10-3!! Come out and support!! 30th and Penn, SE.
thank you sir! I appreciate it.
Boston Dynamics Big Dog (new video March 2008)
M.. Haven't been tweeting in a while :[ but im gone start alot now :D
ocean county near toms river where da white folks at
Like WTF what am i supposed to do with my life?
Larry Merchant and Miguel Cotto are gonna pull a Las Vegas screw job on Mayweather.
What key advantages do you have over bit.ly?
"Shift the object and change the scale." M Foucault, D&P, p. 89
WUDUP HOMIE CHECK OUT SOME OF VIDEOS ON MY TWEETS
Welcome to the nerd chic club! Let us dance the dance of greeting to Jonathan Coulton covering Madonna's "Vogue"!
Pleasanton, TX: Birthplace of the Cowboy. And also where my next date is from.
absolutely, haven't been able to run the ball really at all this year, it sucks, but I'm loving the defense
Does anybody else remember when gas was $1 a gallon? I miss those days....
it's ok you know you want me;) hahaha
Did you know CRA is located in Sharon, MA? Did you know Tennessee's coach Bruce Pearl is from Sharon, MA? Let's Go Volunteers!
We leave in 3 days! Follow , , , , , & for the whole story.
"Girls Talkin Bout" IS #6 NO NO NO THT CAN'T BE THTS JACKED UP OH HELL NAWWW THTSJUST...MAN!
Oh....I like #baylors Tron uniforms.....
haha at least you "got it"
Had a guy sing me Crazy Girl saying thats his song to me..& what do I do..f**k it up </3
How many people want to see UofL vs UK in the final four? That would be tight!
A bit nervous but ready to get this game started. Only 3 hours...
Let see if I can have 500 followers by midnight tonight!!!
Its really Cold in NYC!! Plus I can't sleep!! I have a meeting at 9am!!
FOLLOW Twitter's Finest
rememberin the old golden days
Looking forward to meeting with leaders in the am. God is at work. Phil 1:9-11
To whom it may concern, I have cut my fingernails.
NEW twitter because this one is retarded - follow me. this one will no longer be in use.
go get u one lol
either one for sure! I have cookies and milk in my room. They're super yummy. I will tweet ya when I'm back from din din
That #Kobe 3-pointer should seal the deal! Congratulations ! It would have been embarassing to lose a Game 7 at home.
We'll c the final round of blind auditions t'nite on #TheVoice. Watch & preview it comg up on News4.
I know eating this McDonalds that run pointless but I grind hard in workouts everyday
April 17th, new album! I havent been this excited for an album release in a while.
What a finish to the Bulls/76ers game. That was fun to watch.
Wow Detroit....just wow.
Small Market Teams can't compete in the NBA...right? 3 of the 5 teams with the best records in the league beg to differ (OKC, IND, SA)
Karma thank u for stoppin by :)
#4242 sounds pretty good :) I like your name 8
Wtf sun and rain 😱
Find someone who not only pleases the eyes, but someone who will never fail to please the heart.
You're welcome--I am writing an article on the use of training as a marketing/branding tool :) Y'all provide great examples
hey Amy. Good to know for next time. Hoping this chef's choice does the trick
another visit to chano's? :) did you need a ride downtown? I'll be around campus in a bit...
you're a music aficianado. How's 's band?
We love beaver street! Flagstaff is the BizNiss!
happy birrthdayy! :D
Just got back from a great time at Cars & Coffee Las Vegas
WTF? Carl Paladino loses in NY? Well F%$K a horse, I never saw that coming
haha. Swat!! Swat!!
Well done, short article on website #redesign. on.mash.to/nIx7Un
Now I understand!!
Your comments are needed. Click on the bits and listen. www.freekshowradio.com
...on second thought, i may keep this account just so i can keep track of everything. but I AM deleting valeriefuck and jaspercunt.
did u go to school today?
yeah nigga I rolled up while we decided how many footwork battles were appropriate According to the beat
Damn you are hit. Need a new weave. ASAP
I love my mom,shes the best !
mine is Duck Hunt, only seems to be on Windows...my fav game for commute
I've been trying al day! PLEASE wish a Happy birthday! :)
Thanks! I appreciate your support.
Tip #126: The music we listen to will determine how we play. Want to adjust your aggression levels? Consider your music.
o.o This picture.
Thank you for the mention!
I don't know where these things come from sometimes... it's like word vomit
or that the world champioships of pole dancing were in Zurich in 2010
I smell burnt coffee and White Diamonds too!
okay but like does she have a new song lol?
It really sucks to be grounded
Last night got a little cray..
“: I'm attempting my first 5.12 lead tonight, which will also be an on-sight attempt.” let us know how it goes!!
In four innings, Curtis Granderson only has two less home runs than the Chicago Cubs have all season.
thanks for the shout out! We are more than happy to help with your sign needs.
So much for being optimistic. I guess i wonder what it feel like to be pessimistic. When im gone she miss it. When im near she hate it.
try #coworking = awesome + options depending on your preferences: cc
Great news! Mix 27 in Newark has just been added to our wonderful list of restaurants participating at VLJ's Arts & Eats for Justice Gala!
Forbes Most Influential Athlete is ... Jimmie Johnson.
I want my 3rd tattoo....
So proud of Ari Grande! :) i love ya♥
it's __MariaMartinez I don't know what those things are called?
Exciting packages, events, and specials are soon to come! Stay in touch & keep following us here for more details! www.hotelvq.com
The Avengers !
This is what makes man great, his latter to the stars
Good Morning. ☁☔
So my twitter isn't working anymore... Maybe I should get on here more often?
Rain rain stay away come back tomorrow around 4:30 (;
ok, so we are going to have to kick some quirky butt!
They're accusing the dad of everything but molesting Caylee & that's only a matter of time.
I find it interesting how a lot of mahomies are also beliebers.
good morning follow back thank u
lol I got you
Heading to Johnstown!
Lunch with the old coworkers just made my day! I miss hanging out with those peeps...
My heart hurts
Thanks for all the #FollowFriday appreciation!
he talked dirty to some chicks on the internet and sent them a few dirty pics
sucks to be sick :(
you rock:)
Can I get two packs of Marlboro's. Some snowballs. And a JUMBO COKE
I look forward to seeing everybody today at the 1000 STRONG FOR TRAYVON RALLY AT GOULDS PARK!!!
awh baby girl, I know how you feel. :( ": It hurts to see the father daughter dance because that's one thing I wish I got"
Smarter than the average bear
champagne at the refreshment break!
": Trying to finish the UMC budget for the next 4 years now. PRAYERS! #gc2012 #vagc2012" Knock It Out! Peace & Prayers!
wow!!! what type of battery are use using? my walkman keeps dying like every couple of hours
nun tryna see if i can make some fun out of wats left of my spring break
This Korean dude on idol is amazing. #unexpected <3
True that.
Almost everything grape flavored tastes like medicine 😖
you see ima ghost as far as i can go i smoke to get high because the world is so low within me is soul, i let myself flow
#V100 keeps "down for my "ninjas" in regular rotation. I'm officially Jammin
Derek Fisher, thanks for your great years as a #Laker!
Im creeped out to the max right now.....
Had my visa interview today.
don't give a shit
"is that right rambo?" "get your stupid fucking rope"
- LOVING that the Guru has followers but follows nobody! True Guru style! :-)
My nose feels naked. I need to do something about this...
Spend 6-7 days a week with and never get sick of them.
Playing the.. I know wagner have no parking game
Prepping for our NYC writing workshop-retreat for the play I'm co-writing Looking forward to the focus, the work and the art.
For sale: thousands of pounds worth of Pete Doherty's blood, sweat and tears - The Independent
Aaawww thanks for letting me know. That sounds like a pretty color combo. A compliment from an expert, nice! :))
You ain't gotta call me your boo, just as much as you wanna fuck, i wanna fuck too.
I am so ready to get rid of this MT4GS. When can I get a S I on T-Mobile?
That was so amazing! Ahh, love it!! <3
#CicLAVia goers! Make sure you stop off at our 1892 Victorian home turned music school! We've been est. since 1914 and will have free water!
Today I've learned how to let the past be the past and forgive and forget.
love the new profile picture.
Ditto, found flaw, no ABC QT : Ah get me off this plane and to a TV! Can't take #Oscars...w/o seeing it myself
Yellow stone vs show time RT : RT : Clash about to start« who ah clash tonight?
Well if that's how u feel I suppose
it has been around 29C this week, so not exactly baking season, but I have a love of sugar and fat, so...
Cool! I'm definitely going to try and make it. It's too close to PDX to pass up.
Working on a new blog
That boy Bron Bron hitting that floater
wow i have not been on in a while, and i have no reason. I must be crazy or somthin, shool 2maro:), jk no,why why ......(slowly start 2 cry)
Happy Friday!! Warm up today with a spicy chicken sandwich for lunch!
Thanks to for the complimentary tickets for Wednesday, that was a nice surprise!
5/6 of a 12" pizza is a larger burden on your conscience than your gut
Tom Snyder, Trivera Interactive, discussing "Jumping on the Twitter Bandwagon for Training and Education"
Siting here and just remembering the past
Congrats to the boys at Bellevue prod!! Their script CRISTO made the #2011BlackList Way to go!
how's the wedding?
11 bands @ Red Velvet Music Festival 4.29!! get your tickets today!
Post semester enjoyment - arguing downtown property owner rights & responsibilities over a whiskey & soda in downtown
Join the for "Pop" Quiz this Thursday at 9pm to test your knowledge of today's pop-culture!
My friends cat looks just like lady mary grantham. Honest.
How bad is it if I get jealous when I see someone with a Jedi Academy Alumni sticker?
Been driving over 32hrs str8..4more to go..so tired
From the 'Most Interesting Shows on TV' file: American Experience - The construction of Hoover Dam on KPBS. (!)
Spotted many Ergo carriers at the Great Cloth Diaper Change event today in Arizona!
Always ask WHY,if U don't know. Better ask and look dumb,than pretend to be smart and really be ignorant.Ask,Ask Why not. Whats to loose.ASK
No D: lol. Some woman was at walmart giving them away... :>
Just watched episode 2 of Shameless, what a great show!
what's wrong?
What food was the culprit?
orlando.. This the kinda shit that ruins the trip!
Who do I talk to about working on the new Forbidden Broadway? Does anyone know Alessandrini?
Window period is the time when a person becomes infected with HIV and the time when the body has antibodies to be detected by HIV test.
word. see you in an hour
hi Mr Durant it's me Mason guest tweeting for the team was AWESOME last night!!!! Great job
Warm pretty day!! At Cultivar - getting ready to be caffeinated & fed. Today's going to be a good one :-) Happy St Patrick's Day!!
yeppers. Saw Di Wash yesterday. She ducked and covered when the guns went off.
inline comment of the day: //first one is min by default - booyah
Top Fantasy Baseball Players from Week 3, Apr. 16 to Apr. 22: Fan’s Review
Can I add 'strategic emailing' as a skill on Linkedin?
get in touch with Miles.
you just said bruh ha ha
The way my roommate smell <
Is the broken relationship between vendors and higher ed a result of "the boy who cried wolf?"
High quality early education is critical
yes, very funny and interesting. Definitely worth seeing...and vote at cvillemovies.com!
Wow. I haven't seen someone legitimately rock a fanny pack since the 90's. I think I might try to bring them back.
Getting readi den off 2 work! Have a good blessed day y'all ;)
Lace the fuck up!
You guys want the totally ridiculous upset of the weekend? Denver Broncos 28- Green Bay 21...let the madness ensue
by all means, then! :)
should have taken an instead of dealing w shitty cab drivers
I leave 5 weeks from today.
Thanks for the encouragement!! Your job sounds exciting!
March 3rd. We are at Sticky Lips pouring our beer while our boys, AudioInflux, rock the joint. Details coming soon
Having a panic attack after looking up the meaning of my dreams.
My brothers username is @ bradsTOF . GO TELL HIM IM A NICE PERSON AND I DONT RUIN EVERYTHING(:
tirade en private message,que to no jodo mucho con Facebook.
ha ha! Lucky you! Hope ur doing well
#youknowwhenaguyisdesperate when he goes around telling everyone how big and long his penis is. Right ?
CyberLink Unveils a New Way to Express Yourself with Photos & Videos ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Also an ethics of openness at a university... UNIVERSity, anyone? Yet, administrative resistance, given corporate status
Tosa rugby is about to lay the wood in Grafton
so sorry, I hung around a bit but had to get on the road. Just got home a few minutes ago
I think you are tweeting about the wrong ?
May the Divine have mercy upon me! I can only plead for absoluition!
At the horse. Congress & michigan. Just saw officer w gasmask on belt and lady w anti-Rahm buttons laughing and taking pics together.
love you bud!
Perhaps Miss Stella (Artois), you and I could have a threesome sometime soon? ;) x
Living with Rosacea: An Interview with Cynthia Nixon - EmpowHer
I'm real cute right now.. I busted my lip while opening the door to a car and hit the door to my face, at least it was the end of the night.
I hate when im listening to pandoria and it just cut off like what the truck!!!..
will the website be back soon? Hope all is well.
I kind of want to dye my bangs bright yellow... Yes? No? Maybe? I have no clue.
That moment when you see the live tweets from an event you intended to be at.
RIP TWITTER
#CNNDebate Would Mr. Gingrich be willing to serve as governor of the new moon state he proposed?
Andrew Luck is so uninspiring! He is Alex Smith overrated. Is everyone verbally blowing him serious!?
RT : "For 250 years, parents around the world have been deciding to have smaller families" --
AND it's the only season that starts and ends on one calendar year. No stupid hyphens RT : MLB is the best league ...
Need to buy a new computer lol smh....
Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World Around The World
Life will start to get better soon, right?
¿Which is you better momment? please reply
Nope! Both smhs...
Well at least I got some stuff done.
Today 5th period >
Technicals for Potash stock (POT) - extreme resistance at 153.50, also the former 52-wk high...
RT One of the best 90s cover bands kicks off their residency at Cedar Street tonight. 95 Proof, check em out! www.95Proof.com
YES! Just heard that one.
Ellie Golding on the radio, ah shit
i aint got no talent except football, basketball, and DJ'n(:
Diva Photos to Leave You Breathless
gungor> any other artist
#Imagine You: Uh it's raining.. Austin: No, it isnt, its sunny! You: it is. I can see the rain. Austin: not in my world, you're the sun <3
If ABC renews, it's to get it to syndication which means at least a full season, so they really can't treat it like crap.
Just got out of the movies and headed either home or out
What is the best time to factor in a workout in your day? 6:00 am? 8:00 pm? There has to be a system to the madness!! ;)
On my tombstone just write, 'The sorest loser that ever lived.' ~Earl Weaver, manager of the Baltimore Orioles
Good morning! :)
I run out of time on so many things today. Will try and catch up tomorrow. :p
yayyyy then i get ot see you cous!
Such a pretty day in Boulder. Giving big girl a bath. She's looking pretttyyyy dirty
I should have known better
Reading Samuel Eliot Morison for the first time. Stunned, and not in a good way.
Today is the day can't wait to see what you bring to the Holiday Pop Up Shop! adores !
We'll Never Leave You Justin <3 You're everything to us<3
Filming cooking segments #recipes fit for founding father
thanks!! Will do
Do u have eyeshadow?
My tweep list just got exponentially better now that you're here. :)
I'm pretty sure our office needs one of and radio controlled helicopters from
No, but a close second to Greg Popovich.
Voted! Follow?
“: that was the added bonus hearing you sing your own song.” off key and all? Lmao! Can't wait to dance again!
a whole new world...
We are on iTunes, finally. Go see for yourself!
A real Duck hook!
That's still a mighty tough choice. I think I may go Demon Hunter first and then Monk.
3 new planetarium shows start this weekend: Wild Ocean, Life: A Cosmic Story, and One World One Sky: Big Bird's Adventure
thanks looking forward to meeting you!!!!
I need to get a manicure done
Looking forward to matching wits with on the racquetball court.
Shout out to all of my follower's!
RT ": You need to fix your attitude #igetThatAlot Well it wouldn't need fixing if you weren't acting like that"
Merry Christmas,Happy Holidays, Happy New Year to all!
Have you looked at Letterpop? Haven't used it, but bookmarked it as a possibility.
woke up at 4:30 am to prep the fresh ham leg and get it in the oven. Delicious smells are already filling the house...
#loex2012 "We can only read text if it is housed within a social practice that gives it meaning"
Game of Thrones comes back tonight ladies and gents!
That's a nice lamp you got there, but you should really check out my lava recliner.
Doctor who is the question
Mmmouf has such a man crush on him. : )
lets hope he doesnt..but not looking good.
Your not lyin.... *cough* Billy Cundiff.... Sorry Raven Fanz..
Just signed up for compete pro. Was wondering when data up 10/20 will be available?
I'd give it all up NOW this minute for what I love most, I hope you share my passion for success.
no hbo. :( I'm watch Madrid Barca for 4th time this weekend.
Just saw the gas doggone 4$gal don b surprise yall see me rolling up to church in a 3pc suit knee pads an a helmet on a bike
can't say you're wrong to complain bc I don't know the sitch. But it was their loss. Seriously.
Tonight is the night! Taping ep3 w live audience at 8p, in of CleHts. Get your FREE TKTS starting at 7p
It's a federal holiday, meaning all federal offices are closed, but most businesses remain open.
Sometimes you gotta rep where you from, but where you from has to rep you too!
RT they'll snap outta it one day// or maybe they wont!
DON'T BE MEAN, WYATT.
Hey ! If you happen to be in town this weekend, I have a comedy improv show at Playhouse West on Saturday, 8pm :)
Hope he goes Big Willy Style for just one verse
(cont. from prev. post) The oversight rules have been a Big Joke 2 Wall Street, & lack of Adequate Regulation caused our financial crisis !
still casting
made up for that quickly at
Sublime. MT : I like to swish Jell-O back & forth through my teeth till it turns to liquid. Plz tell me some1 else does this.
There's entirely way too many people at the mall right now
Congrats, ! Thanks for helping promote. Get your free drink tonight anytime between 7-9pm. See you tonight!
Haha college and the people who attend..fml
Http://www.Flipcups.com has The Beer Funnel That you Build. Check it out from a 1 to a 4 Person Funnel
That awkward moment when the girls dress is half her length. This girl has to be 7ft. I'm trying to get a pic, only her head
#cgxemerge miss your insight at Emerge! Many Jedi warriors are weeping...
#RBMA the deadline approaches....lets see who is slepping......
To be a great athlete you have to be fan and love the sport
baby you can take all of it!<3333 I love you(:
Yes, I saw that, so I do Not nor will I ever try to Bungee jump.
Come meet superstar musician, Nikki Glaspie at ARTS TOMORROW @ 4pm! You will be in for a REAL TREAT !
Easy. Roast beets in foil (350/40min). Cool, peel, slice. Great with arugula, goat cheese, walnut oil. Hint: use yellow beets
No Zumba class today due to a family emergency. Our thoughts and love are with you Miss Alejandra!
If I'm Wronging Lord Forgive Me..
i got you.... i got a clothig brand btw im thinking we can do some stuff to help us both
Dog and duck now features Santa`s Olde SmoKehouse and Biergarten...watch Santa smoke camels!
Dose anybody know who is saying bad blogs about me? If u know please please tell me
its 2012 do yourself a favor get yo mind right b4 u get left behind for real.
I hate the lunch ladies at my school lil ugly self do the most be wantin to just go on em so bad
Could someone please put some lipstick on Chelsea Handler?
We provide therapy to students and their families for a variety of issues like anger management, etc.
The #SingleLife is where its at.
He just needed some hate to fuel that bat
Well at least he didn't do no damage. NO go CC get dis guy
Speak Easy Open Mic starts at 8:00pm tonight! Get your name on that sign up sheet early or you might have to wait until next week to wow us.
Ha, was just reading Joe's tweets and thinking about Path -- similar reality distortion effect at work?
I don't know how to take that comment, I can't tell if you are being facetious or not? Hm
The jerk chik'n was awesome!
My head hurts and I'm hungry
I thought i heard reindeers on the roof :) RT : According to NORAD, Santa is in San Diego right now!!!
I think you people are onto something. Thx!
That's going on my list of memorable tweets.
frozen yogurt with , and a walk with >>>>>>
Your advertising support of Rush Limbaugh is beyond unfortunate. Clarify your position and hold him accountable
Happy #Bday Ms Lady I hope you're having a fantastic day!
thanks for getting my hopes up and then shooting it down with reality -_- if you come to Miami soon, you have a customer.
RT : Our featured achiever is "World's Ugliest Woman video vs me...I think I won" Read more at...
I live 5 minutes from Stage AE should told me I woulda held your shit for you lol Im also a medium sized RA fan lol
Crazy busy IS good. Remember us little people when your book becomes a best seller :).
Five hour countdown until Springsteen at the Garden. Sorry, Orioles. I still (kinda) love you.
Its really here!
I'm not sensing enough of the typical jaded journo attitude at the #techtrends panel. See what giving out Starbucks cards can do?
Muthafucka this is God Gift
Love it. Did he cite it?
I play the game that I will not lose at.
Dinner with friend Nihal. He sang Gala Gala Godari la... in Pokiri.
hahhaha sorry walmart
are you going to dinner??
How was your weekend Guys?
Good Morning, CLO Breakfast Clubbers! We're excited to kick of the 2012 series at The Ritz-Carlton, Dallas!
In the studio putting demo vocals on dance smash its wicked! Awesome team on this one!
Ouch. Looks like Ray Allen re-tweaked his ankle there. He's still in the game but must be playing with lots of pain.
I mentioned this Boeing Hanger is big - but President just said you can fit Disneyland inside
Circle of love , you deny the person that treats you right and they deny you . Don't complain
Damn I'm nt the only one smart gesssh everybody keep hitting me up bout they oydessey I'm not doing anymore after I'm done with these
Mothers day brunch begins!
Yeah, he spells things like "skelpit" in WWF. ;-)
hell ya we do!
I went crazy & like as many hunger game accounts as I could! Me= obsessed!
Bring it back
ok. :) whats ur opinion? i wanna hear it.
Yo grandma got monster truck tires on her wheel chair
My mother is the strongest woman I know.. thank you teachings advices and DNA because without you I wouldn't be so special (: #
Hahaa. :] Yeah, I love my team!! Sad the seasons over -.- But thanks Zerran.
: Please markup the Online #Poker Act. Remaining issues can be addressed with amendments, but the time to act is now!
Finally in MD. Can't wait to get back to Cville.. I just feel more at peace there :) lol.
because I like talking to you (: that's why
my book is about life
its me and my moms tradition we always carve the pumkin wen its on
When you find true friendship, you'll find true love!
do it! It's so much fun!
hey guys! any idea when you will have availability again? thanks!
and nacho man candle??? RT : #mancandle sounds way worse than
I'm being such a dick to Chad lol.
Eternally cursed as an insomniac
you act like its a surprise... She would blow a tree
it's true!
I feel lonely inside I just need the 1perfect guy to make me feel warm n fuzzy but 25% of that amzing feeling is comin from twts
Today's the day! Come to the tonight and join us w/ the to get a Glimpse inside the Assembly Line
jesus christ, it's late.
thanks, hope all is well!
I find a bit of pleasure in holding the door for people that are still far away to force them into an awkward run...
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one I'll follow back
Being brazen will get you everywhere.
Happy #SharkWeek everyone! Don't worry, DK has had ZERO shark sightings so far!
why cant you just take no as an answer and get on with your life?
YAY!!! I have family in Schenectady!!! So glad 2 C U spreading the word in NY!! What kind of foodie are you?
NO, CAUSE I ALREADY WON IN MY MIND
Is it odd that I like a girl that stalks me? . I get a warm feeling when I look out my window and she is in the bushes.
Happy Easter! Record breaking egg hunt here at the McGann's - all eggs found by 6:32am!
My lord omg
If you think that your role in a meeting is to spew germs into the air the entire time, maybe call in next time
We're a composers group based in NYC, putting on eclectic pieces from composers; Negron, Winslow, Faingold, Glatthorn & Lemmon.
lol, you don't have to. i won't even be able to get it.
Great story!
getting psyched for my Music History II final. Bach, Haydn, Mozart, Schubert oh my!
keynote = Greatness is about choice & discipline
More! Prolific and IT guru ( and are on but infrequent)
breakfast burrito
except the Kindle. and Word.
You always type like that. Lol RT : haha I wasn't.. I just typed in an excited manner.. aha
Shooting a music video is long and exhausting. Lots of waiting for shots to get set up.
if you have the hard copy of our album, the lyrics to it are in there.
What gets posted on university social media? Admissions questions, events... what else?
do we design an executable architecture from the bottom up? or top down?
go follow my other account -
aw thanks Leith, glad you be part of your life as well, and I could NEVER forget about you ;)
Happy Birthday Jesus!
contrary to what direct mail agencies say, I don't think direct mail is really anyone's "thing" :)
are you going to warped tour here in vegas? (:
I bet you will never see this and you will never follow me :(
DUDE GIVE ME A CALL I'VE BEEN WAITING GOD DAMN IT!
very excited for Friday.
I think those are the only two ways. I imagine it'll be on YouTube or something tomorrow...
Looking fwd to tomorrow. A little early but worth the view. Anyone here in ABQ 4 the event?
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Ive noticed more often than not, people, including myself, know what to do but have trouble on the how to do.
How's everything going in 'Bama?
Life is not about kissing ass it’s about kicking ass!
Thanks man!
I love you, Space Cat.
My ability to detect BS is a gift and a curse.
Cool story bro. Wanna hear mine?? It's a fairy tale. Once upon a time...nobody cared. The end :)
Homophobes will fight ever harder. If being gay isn't choice then can't choose to be "straight." Have to face selves instead of lashing out.
Bout time, now maybe you'll stop whining
Will do...Cheers! ericcornemusic.com
It is said that if you know your enemies and know yourself, you will not be imperilled in a hundred battles; if you do not know your...
in the spirit of , three words at three AM: loyalty to
The second includes a cover up re: POWs but there are 2 more. One set in Afghanistan & the more recent one somewhere in Asia.
Good Morning Twitter Peeps
Sometimes I wonder if my Twitter stream sleeps at all.
You there?
doubtful. It makes me look sickly lol
Shout Out to the team
To be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
they took the lead Bernie! not tied!
it keeps changing.
#schoolmemories thinking that Seneca girls are way prettier than Waggener girls .
yessirrr.. Ill text u when I'm back
r u gonna be in the 5th season?
Ralph Waldo Emerson: What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
nah... I have a Mazda 3
Finally got a handle on my conf schedule. That only took two hours
Looking at Pinnterest for a client, wondering how does one generate traffic to the site, is it linked up to Facebook or linkedin? Thoughts?
Good morning world... On some #BOSSSHIT as usual which means #IDGAF bout #PETTYTALK keep #MONEYMOTIVATED for my attention...
You're so hot; you make the sun envious.
hahaha ehhh it happens to the best of us
#S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T my 2 lil brothers have fun at prom tonight be safe no funny bizness y'all #LiveitUp &
Definitely care package status. Where are the sponsors?!
What a butter face, right?
Yaaaaay! Really looking forward to celebrating the #ChineseNewYear with everyone. Thanks for the mention!
Hes everything I want and more(:
hope you're having a great weekend so far.
good point about the artisans!
shut the fuck up! For that I'm gonna go with my rainbow. Ahahah
CHICAGO WOMEN who want a better relationship with their MOTHER-IN-LAWS! Amazing team: & Megan Moser coming to YOU, today!
Not sure that was a foul, but Berggren has to be smarter than that when he already has a foul.
The beast has become the master. Somebody collect the Twitter :-)
Sam Claflin Joins The Quiet Ones
Making delicious holiday treats for the kiddies!
If we haven’t rec'd a message, it doesn’t mean it hasn’t been sent...Sometimes, it means we haven’t been listening hard enough.
Me and at work together she over here playin games on her phone when she supposed to b workin lol
Going to see my bitchess ;-*
fuck an eighth I need o's
oh i dnt know about that...sorry
#askjobs, To President Obama, will you kindly please hire me? I can work your MMO upgrades...
im good just tweetin it up lol
Love is the best weapon against suffering of ourselves and others. It is the only way to avoid creating negative karma.
